- DEATHS. Drowned. between the South Coast of Arica and the Cape of Gool Hope. Arthur Lawrenlce Bayntan, aged17,second son of :Capt. Lawrence Usyntun. late of the 14th Light Drag>oons, most deeply regretted. H;e was midshiPman on board Hler Majesty's gun brig the Nerhudda, onprovedl to have foun dered at sea in June last, as nothinlg has ever been heard of the ship since. The crew of 180 men and of acers, it is believed, have all pernshed. Of diarrrhc, 60 miles from Nursingpore, on his way home on sick certificate. Ensign Frederick Hudleston Gray, of the3'd Re_t. 3.N. I son of Captain Frederick Gray, of the M1adras Army, and grandson of Michael Gray. E91., of Portland-place. Clapton. in the 23d year of his age, much beloved by his brother ofticers, and deeply lamented by his family. Onuthe EI ult., at Spring Hall, Mabaica, Dememasa, after three days' 3ILnevs, Edward Edmunds, Esq.. SR.C.S., formerly of Worthing, Sussem, aged BS. On the 25th slt., at 3Madeira, Sarah, wife of Arthur Jeffreys, Esq., andyoungest daughter of the late Robert Campbell, Esrq., of Sydney, -Nes Sout h Waies. On the 9th inst.. at Dresden. Ethel Jane Mary, only daughter of Robert John Hopkis, Esq., aged 1 year and 10 months. On 'he 11th test., at Boulogne-sur-Mer, Frances, the beloved wife of Mv,rd Zohrab, of Haampstead. On the ILth iast., at Aberdeen, in his Si th year, Dr. Xcil Sutherland On the 12th inst., at Southsea. Catherine Grace Georgina, infant ?nz1hterof Captain Carles F. Young, Royal Artillery, aged 4 months. On the L-h inst., at Windsor, Mr. Thomas Willats, of Winchester, late of Cheapside, aged 38. On Sunday, the 13th inst., at 53. Oxforcl-terrace, 1yde-park, Julins Sayer, infant son of WV. T. Cator. Esq., aged 6 montbs. On Sunday last., at Clapton Lodge, Halifax, the residence of her father. William Craven, Esq., 31ary, the wife of the Rev. John Henry Vniteley, rector of Pedmore, Worcestershire. aged 26. On the 13th inst., at his residence, Shooters'-hill Lir. John HanIris aged 5, alter many years of great suffering, which was bome by Christia fortitude. On the 13th inst., at Bridge-street. Reading, Ca'herine Ann, the belovIneni wife of 31r. John Chancelor, in the 35th year of her age. On 'he 13th inst., at Iping House, near Midhurst, Sussex, AnnaJane, the eldest daughter of the late John Nixon, Faq., aged 7S. On the 13th inAt., Mary, the wife of Mr. Benjamin Smith, Mordenhill. Lewisham. in her 63d year. On the 13th inst., Naomi, the wife of Leonard Hicks, Esq., of Paddock Lodge. Kentish-town, and Gray's-inn. On Sunday, the lSch inst., three days before completing her fifth year. Rose Erly,the eldest and beloved child of Edward Wright, Esq., of 28, Woburn-qare, On the 14th inst., after a short iUlness, James Forbes, Esq., in his 76th year. On the 14th inst.. at his residence, 7. Barkham-terrace, St. George's, Sonthwark, Joieph Drsser, Esq., of Hay's-wharf, Tooley-street, in his f6th year. Onn the 14th inst.. at 4, Grove-place, Denmark-hill, Camberwell, Mdary Fulbrook, wife of Thomas Perkins, jun., Es-.. aged 36. On the 14th inst, Catherine Eugiinie, infant daughter of Richard Boyer, Esq., of Park-terrace, Highbury. (anlouday. the 14th inst.. at 23, Wilton-cresceut, the Hon. George iTonel Dawz-on Damer, aged 67. On the 14tb inst., at her residence, in WVilton-place, Regent's-park, Jane Hanriet Pitcher, daughter of the late Isaac Pitcher. Esq., aged TS. On the 14th inst., at Trinity-place, Windsor, Mrs. Emlyn, in the 93d year of her age. On the ISth inst., at the Close, Lichfield, Henrietta, wife of William Fell, Faq. On the 15th inst., at Margaretting, Easex, lr. Charles3Matson, in the th yer of his age. On Tuesday morning. the 15th inst.. at Lyndhurst, New Forest Mary Jervis, the belored wife of John Blagrove Bulley, Esq. On the 15th inst., at Hertingfordbumy, Ann 3Iartha E3izabeth Downes, youngest daughter of the late T. Doewnes, Esq., of North Miimm, Herns, in her 87th year. On Tuesday, the 15th inst., after a few days' ilness, Nathanael Wathen, Req., late of Gordon-square, aged 83. On the 15th inst., at 18, Alfred-place, west, Brompton, Fanny, the wife of FA1wad Lucas, Req. On the 16th inst., at Waltham Lodge, Tulse-hill, Charles Walton, REq., of 17, Gracechurch-street, London, aged 69.
A B3ROUGHAM HORSE for SALE, of grest p_oxwer and courage, the propecty of a gesstewAa. Apply YA Dyrslieystables, lFerh-gtrett. ileigrae-road. GRAY GELDING for SALE, neaxly 15&handg, the. proprty of a gntleman. bea too small toEt bls use, and5 to be Semi a his sabl.s, 3. Lorastr-terae- tw,Rcn~-park north. AI ,rdesman wvishes to DISPOSE OF? hig COB. Ma il Phaeton. and, Harness, all in goad condfition, anldwenl zuited for town work. Being genuine proiBerty, a trial allowed. Apply at 132. Aldevsgate-street. BAY entire COLT for SALE, the pro otrof the Bbreeder, very fast trotter, with beautiful aenon,pgoo tempere and handsome, 14 hands high. h-andled preparatory tro bacing, Apply by-letter. pre.-pa!Lt.to IL.P.. Messs.Towaree, eaddlers. 14I. &hepsId.. ABROWVN MNARE to be SOLD (price £60), rising Aseven years. agood backc, handsome.wteefibred, round, and temp rt. Awanranty will be giveu. tay be seen atlFAte's stables,Kistreet, St. James's PONY.-For SALE, a handsome well-bred PONY, ab)out12h bands ,higth, very fine stepper, and fast. Can be seen at the Bull Hotel, Bishopsgate-street, city, bT inquiring for Williamy, the estler. TOLNY (or COB) andI PHABTON WAN-TED, to J ruRcHASE. Thiepony moat be sound andfast. The pha.eton in goodorder. No dealer needappuly. Ades il l atclr,t H. G., Bfr~ Buady's. put-offire, Biermeonssey-street. liouthwArk, DON-Y, Pony Dog Cart, and Hirneiss for SALE. I Pony very handIsome and fast ThLe property of as tnsideensan having nio further use3 for tse mame. Apply at 42, Uppeir Seymour, street, Euston-ssluse, Lr IGHT haudsome BROUGHAbl.price 35 guineais, JUand Park Phbaeton. used but four stiom. Thie LarIV haviog no s for eitherwillpsrt with threw for any rea~sUonleoffer. Alswthe rEive $ac ans.Can be seen at 134. Gruve-street, CAmuden-town, 19[1O be SOLD a adome DAKBROWVN COB, JLIT3 hands~, perfctyquietinharn;K'. Satisfactory rsvsona given for parti-g -ithi it. Drvnby a lady-, and owner's addroess Clarendora Leodgge, Stre_athamn-rond. Setam, S TEEPLE CHASE HORSE,tlc Catain, on SALE, wit or witotcontignis srsLi his Inuewimnnigs This0 hois' characte Iswl kso eeSepeChs aedar. on view at Rca's Central Itepussit"r.S.Geg'-od otiak (1 RtAY HORSE, Commsercial Traveller's Phaeton, by O Al~Ifarvl. and Ha~resi-bargaizns Malverm Ponjy Cort, to lit 13 bands. pony ; sociable and unsociable basket' pony phactons : a Victoria, wi.th gurs-o;r blind ent and caned 5ides, built to order for a 12 insid pon, ad aoes,nbite.tto.6. owe-mews. liesfsrd-,square. FT".HREE first-class HORSES for DISPOS L aer harnss. arratedsoun, an a tialgive.-Stble24. Store-street, Bcd.ford-sqreare. DONY Cae,and haton.-For SALE, a power- fuli PN-Y. 14laishg,and Harness.X£10 A, light Cambridge Cart, _rq ; a single-he i Patot, withl tuMTrnvrseat. ,for one htorse; £16. Together iz'i.At the Ieon House Factory, Bearbinder-lane, Bow. )O-NY and PO-NY PHABETON an ANS. ..iiBankrupt's Stoo -.A Victoria. built to order for assnal pony, with folding hind seat- 2. A Basket Sociable Phaeton. very superior. 3. A QueenS Pattern Plshaetn. with the ascent between the wheels. anwl very esoony hindseat.-O. I4eppel-inews north. ltussell-sslare- B ALEY's DEPOT, ~~~Liveroo-tretKnoscross.- PrcDgunasfe n f the hadsoms SE AiDPONIES in Lonldon iteHrue.l er l.cnto 2mlswti h hour; eLegn ise hco t ar w)adhres ohmd expres;sly frtepn,ednalnw h o 5gies F-OR SAE A ELiG ihblc ons _ roomS, and quiet in harnes,tepoet fataemn er olvi. 15 handsi hig~h, suiftable forapatnolihbeusa.orsa match horse. Prico 40 guineas pl oM.E tw onelr f2:5. tfppsr-steet, Islington,. (N oMPA_~,CT PO~NY, Sociable Basket Phaeton (to holdL _/four). andi Ifaraess. Price of Use lot 39 guineas. Toe pony 14 hands high, with immnense Power, docile fore l ady or chilsireu; phaeton with paitent axles, and harness, bothi nearly iiew.-Blsly's carriage 5T AI)Ys HORSEa;nd aCHARGER to be SOLD-a, Ii splendid thoeoirgi-beed Lrowni Bay Blars. l5A bands high, six years old, perfectly sosmd. very do-cile, fast, and easy to ride: the pro prty of a Private gentleuman. Price 1 5 gisness. Apply tomId. Meavens. salder. 28. Southrmotton-street, Brook-street. TObe SiOLD, apure-bred large.LNEWFOU.NDLAND TU. ltrnouthsold. Acapitathouse dog. Can betrurstedwith childIren. Is ported with in consequencea of the owner leavin-' his country residence. May boe seen at his stables,1 3. Camomsle-mews, Bi,olsrpg.te-reet- Price three guineas. B ASKET CARRIAGES and PARK PONY' _"PAETONS, in great variety, new and second-hand, fromi 10 to 40 gsineas'-T. FELTON begs to cali attention, to bis earied CARRIAGES, wivdch are allowed to be a deeidedimDruvemsenton the basket camriags. Ts be seen built andl building to order at the factry, landc 3, Ot'd-street-roadi. H 7ARNESS HORZSE WATED, to PURCHASE JU-a well-bred, activ-e animal, witll good courage and sub,-tanre, not teas thAni IS hands5 3 ehes high, and seven or eight years old. A mare not objected to. Address,. with fiul particuflars, price. &c.. to S. T.. rare of Sir. Cannerl. veterinary surgeon. King-street, Hammnersmith ri pO be SO0LD a BAY GELDING, with great power ,,tandl guest air, stands 16 hands 2 inches high, and is perfectly que.eithier to ride or drive; late the property of a noboleman in Fortman-sqluare, and may be seen at the staole of a gentleman, who is using him in his brougham. Apply at it, George-street, Portma.n sqluare. FOR SALE- a hiandsome BROW MNARE, five years old, 1*5 =&5s 2 inches;. a good hackney, fast in all her Paces; would nirak :6gos parke horse. To be seen at Mr. BMake's, vetriar sugen.Ormson-yaril. St. James's, any day, from 12 to!2 o'clock. WVorth the oice of any getntleman in want of such a one. No dealer ne,d apil1y.% H ORSES fro-ai the country for SALE, viz., a bay carriage horse, wilth extraordinary action; a black gelding.,a fuot-rale breughasi or cal, horse; a brown gelding, a magnificent riding oyr hasness hosre; a-jic a ',ay gelding, perfectly qitiet to rido or drire. They are all warrnsste- I soand, and caLn be seen at 3ilsreons stables, 129. Piccadilly. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ WAILLIAM1 EM110SO begs- to inform noblemen and V1 gntlemen th;at is. I-s SIX HORSES consigned to him foe SAE1,1_ cons,isting of harrssonand ridling horsts, and hopes. to have an insiection irons pairzsaers thinking they may suit thetmselves at reasonable prices.W .bealot tttathspmieaeradfr Us rcetlris ons ri cmaesatlier fr heseso.Horsesand carriages to be leL by the day, usonth, or year.-Eatox-row. and 36 A, A LDR1DGE'K, St. MNartin's-lane.--S~aturda,y's Sale. _A-SINE IINDP.ED IIOltiES. withi Carriagee and Harness, will be: SOLD h5- AUCTIs)N.by Sir. 5IAUTIA2st. on6aturday next, the 11~th inst.. at 12o7clock precisely-many s;rongg and active honess, suitable for t.rou,-hanLs aid for double and single harness, hacks. cobe, riding and drn%ivig ponies, a variety ofecarriages. phaetonns elarences, trougham.s. (lo, carts. &e. ; double and single harness On view. R EPOSITORY, Barbican.-Broughain andl Phacton_ JLjHorsss.-M1r. J. GOWERt wil SELL by AUCTION. To-morrow. April IS. a PAIR of superior GRAY GELDRfGS, 15 hands 2 inchesi bigh, step and go teanitifully together. (own brothersl ; a powerful dark grybogsmor four-wheel chaise Honse, quiet in harness;- and a useful in-ryusateir. carrage, or phaeton Honie, quiet in haress. -Now on view, nan trials'granted. DEPOSITORY, Barbican.-Friday's Sale, as usual. Jt-5JNE HUNDRZED and TEN HOR-SES. Carriages, and Harness of every description, to be SOLD by AUCTION, by Mir. J. GOINER, To-morrnsv, April IS; comprising hac'ss, weight-carrying cube and ponies, cabo and srrmnibus horses, brougbam, clarence. and match homses. also a great number nI English and Belgian cart horses. Soles by auction every Friday. for which horses should be sent two days -prior The public wil obsoerve that there in no dealing whatever on the part of the Sr'slrietor nor any of hIds servants tendting to operate to the siztdvantege of buiyers or smellers, nor on any occasion in the ownership of horses. See., riisrepreserted. N.B. The Sae of Ald4rney- and Guernsey Cows takes place on the last Monday in the month. REPOSITiORY, Barbican--Contract Cart Horses, IlBrick and Esib)bish Casts-.Ellarees.ec.-TobeSOLDbyAUJCTON by tIr. J. GOWER. Tonmorrosw, April IS. 25 young, powerful CART ainl VAN HORSES, Six Brick or Rubbish Carts, Thul and Chain Harnes-s, &e.. tte property of John Knight and Son, whichi have been engs;ged, smiler contract, by the New River Company, drawing shingle for the new ffl-ering le,ds at Islington anid Stake Newington; sold in tconsessssece of the sonIe being nowv completed. The above are par- tiuarly recommended to the notice of all perseons requiring serviceable horses for inimediate use, as they are well known in their work, in gord rendition,.and for absolutesale. On view,and catalogues had. H RSES on SALE, at Rea's Central Repository, 111St. George's-road. Southwark.-The hurgest Assortment of Hore IntLersdllon.eoisin- of zseveralPairsof Phaetoni.Broughamand Carriage Heres asoStalins BoodStck Hntes,scctCobs, and Ponies.- SIr. .E.A,havust weekly consignments ofHOItliESof variouadeorriplti,ous soot for ALE on c.numLoaion.Esolicits gentlemen requiiring horses to inspect those now on view, and resluesta satisfactory trials and exa minations Prior to porchs.e. for which unLequalled facilities are afforded On Vthe Premises. Horses arid carriages are sold onu commiss-Ion only. Owners of prTopt paid any day alter Use secod firom the sale_-5ppo. ,sih.Cslns.s Castle,..ad withini minles l te LIridonbridees. I DING S~CHOOL, 29, Gloce trcecent, PadItdinst',In-Mmr. GAI'P begs9 to call the atninof the nobility esand get~ry to the mnany alvarstagei hisg school offers over every other eslsaset. and to his pecufliAr methodI of teaching, which imparts unusunl con1,LtoCe ts his Pupils, tlhereby eruoibing hien iu a few lessns to perfect them iri tlse tin-ir management of the honse. and to ride wit eae.eleanc, nd afey.Therprivrate mounting room, detached from 'he sol,has nuet with gorieral approval for practising that gret esdsatim inurtin wtheae ad rae.N.B. Trained.and AL DER N EY and GUERNSEY COWNS and A N Ml Fl"lls_.-Mr FOWLER,, Jun.. Little Busboy. Watford. Herts. seill have Isis freh importation of 40 down calving COWVS and HEUIFP1L9. m1any wishz mlves bytheir side, on SALE privately, at the Red Lists-yard, Paillirngron. Tuew:ay ann Wednes3day, the 22d ana 113d st. 'NMILKl.-An ASS and COLT for SALE, at Brme,~n.Apply to Mr. PeterzlMcLecd, FH OR'ALE, TWO handsonie BLACK and TAN -TERRIEI',ss;;one weighisig 3, lb.. and one weighLing 3lb. Apply at I.Tmi~eli ~cu~ruLNo dZalirsneed apply. Of0beiois, )a BLACK and TA.N King CHARLES's T 8Pl'ANIE,-a good house doq. ard very hand6oine. The lowest Price £57. Zyioire 'L tine g~room, Vark-lodge, Highbnry -New-park. -VA-N-JbS POWLS.-To Gen;tlemnen-A quantitY )CJ f ee- suiperiordsed WHITE-FAkCED SPANISH FOWLS for SALE.n-ralsea,. some of them- flrr.t-claao hires; also an o0.Pp`er`uieL' us` oeen-`.f Obtalinin eggs9 fees, these very superior fows, att7si.tsei 5pe.r setthngof 11leggs. warrantenl genuine. .Address, Pre,isid. NMr.%V: Sheast', -?O. Three 4ot-tret ldFrd Ra.w. rd tiRST-0CLASS FO'WLS, a-id Eggs from the same.- .1 JOO5N PAILv`. 115. STlose-&-s~',tGrvno-qae purvegto He Saeey ,; Ivipecr.rof the Frensia. andth,e Kig f t-land, has.0 !zco,v on SAIs-;. s1'A?iL-H, It)srking. ISOland, lnnng and everydeiiciptonof ri-it: vlebm-y,Itsie. al,daItueenos Ayreau ducks, Egg frm at-sa bov foostin. Agr at aCyprire andtSistlcls Silsi wee rev,fomtierea sldby oh lyly ht year."-Fowl," -by Rally Is.; lagpast. Is.id. Ross?and condiion Pills for VoAtry. 2s. accrdig en ian Prtiulae y pst n pplcaion. Pheasants' gg foam ame hsOv-n anyusumers. xpor orersxeented. and.hsl INNVALID -CAlRRIAGE, adapted for one ora pair of F horses. AL-svalid can Lbe remove s from the d%aml,er iMro the earrigur without-e,tange of I>,.tion.-At IVLLOUSGHBY's in,valid carriage sip6t. In.reet (h-ford-street. Y' Ffer _<'IAJES'I''s ROYAL LETT1ERS " tATEXT.-MlAJIOR's RF1IEDIF-S fir t!he RHORSE, both in lamenpessarid disex:. See the fiLrth edition of bis p&mphlct, row readyr, .urntaiirui,, tnt evpi'rutioua and riumeraus testirmonials. Can be f. rwilcxiedl to iyri ,v.rt on receipt of 12 pos'tage stamps. by Joseph tajer.-S,d Coelr,,sr-.e-eet, Charing..ss. TE.3%'-TV's PATENT ELAASTLU SADDLE, tn ntble to anr horse, and prticularly rec9mmended for ease and consfo- to ebc rr..,-r, the tree lbeing connpose' of leather instead of wend. sdet1 to which are springs, w hich cause it to lit botter, and toDseqiumez more pli.Al:e. Gentlema Nrho appredate an ertg saddlle will fiud Iana great iusnrovement.-7. Sridge-street, Lambeth 4Surrey side of Wesar-rnster-bria-e.l -~AJDLERY, Hut-ness, &,e.-A, ai,7- St-rand. -Horse nlothing. hiaukets,saddiere. harne. bsnsbes, epeuges uorhips, bridles,te., at neam.tg half the sadtlere prices. The best and nrost externsi- ztockin E'ngand. d one h-'f articlesofirewest mooxlor manufactoan kept. lruQ;ess lad saMdery of the mstapproved nunllty at urps-sentedslyis prices. If;xse bLankete, rolers Ie ,t sdvantageezre offered in the prices of al articles pracured from thise reat maginor- Hsmtiru: establimunent and odirers i the armr eau,nfave a list Ceices forjwoeed. Saddlerr for tie East Dshes and colonies-A Vvu 33, St.r n. THUL PATE-NT DOU(3 LE ACTION BIT for a 1T -long Bridile-Ito lady sl ride without thisbit It can be used ros:y eisy orFhamrpat the opti9n of the rider, and gives perfect sec-urity is' ahonse inkesfright andbldts. Sohld ouly at the saddlery depaHrimon. R.mker-streot Bazaar. ing-street entran:ce, w here a l'arge stock of beess. saddles, horse clothing. ac., is kept on showv, made on the premises of the best materials and wvorkesariohip. and at the lowest prices. rnO POULTRYKEEPERS. &u:--F. MORSE a f Co. are deliveringa liirsiate FOiD for C!CKENS, lucks, pigcons, S-(. isa I c,.t lags, to any of the railway stations free at 15t 6d. the bag, a mixture of rice, p:addy, and suveral kinds of se'ed. -F. lorse ano Co.. 2. DImSter-eCurt itislcing-lane. P ATESNT (:-1LL i:IlR-lYAR.SER, by Stuart 1 and Smith. Shcffield. for healycncurcbes dwelling-houses. warei ouses, shor,s and other buildings, with one ire, tut an exfremely small cost uf fuel,in uDlse dai4y at lufeFs.v, 4HUB15 sail SONS' ritent, lcIS!L XFsseb9Pse 57,.8t. P>aul's chur chyard, rMMEDICAL GENTLEMEN antd others.-To be _AL. SOLD or LETon JOIB, alight SINGLE BROUGHAV.. exeelisot oondition. Price 40 gulineaa To be seen at ]DuVt' Ihand furniture warehouses, 99. Crawford-irtseet, Baker-stkeet, YfOeSOLD, a very handsome STEP-P9IRCE' TLBAbOUCH3. hung onO s pnngs; it hasa been bat little used, amd will be sold a bargain To be seea at the beAildeir's, 30. Great taueen- T O CARIERS,Contracors!Cokn"Merbhlaits, &c. -Tobe OLD afirt-rtebuilt SPRING"VAIN, capable Of carryingfro thee o tnytons, w6ith all the now improvemients. for one or two orse. Aply t Ruby-yrd,Lamb's Coniiuit-street.I Ff~ e SO Dl, foir holf its valiet, in good&46ondition, a J..4h heaed SANHohICEAI n,th o e gving uip sene. b,,hA Toh seen at Street's stables. Robin lod-yard, Leather. i)OUGHAM.-A gentlemaix-offers his Broughaim, BR bg one of the first makers for 55 gulneaa& No wrrisiru'otr reference. On Tiew at his coachinaker's, '26, North Audley-s3reet, Ox- HO UGHA1M, with circ lr front, adapted for'one B or two horses, sand in the very best condition ; also the lightest for-inside Broughams in L,odonl, Of superior zunufnUfeure-At WIloughby's,insvalid carrsiage deptLt I. John-etreet, Oxford-street. 1DOG CART, buxilt to order, the property. of a Agesstleinan whD has lno further 4ed.forit. to be SOLD, i,bargain Apply, between 11 and 4, to S. Lasy. co&chbuiisder, Glocestier-mews west, Cliarceo-street. Glocestel-teriTc,i. 1'addington. A GENTLBEMiA-N wishes to DISPOSEOF hMs CARt- X3RIAGE and HAPN,ESS. The carriage isa basternichaiHot by Ifarice, otu (laud undZer springs. with bewd stAnidards, rutmble, drag chi.I sin perfrectrepair. WVill be SOLD at a sacrifice.,Apply at 13. Salisbury-plaoe, New-road, St. Mlarylebone. A New LA-NDAULET DOUBLE BROUGILA,M for ALE:hunglow. cross spring. pate-nt axles, pantedt lAlce, pickd ou, ad ii,-lied eriniioui; silver furniture, lined silk; iitias oron ortw hrss.Atlirt-elass carriage. Willbe SOLDat a scriice Aplyat 3,S.IisburY-Piitce. New-road. St., Marylobone. _AL etry haitdsomne full-sized COACH to be SOLD, ,1 thaf-prier, or Jobbed for the ,eao, with Option to purchase. It hiss sent c2oib and sAnodards for town, tmravllig- boxes,- and front, and hind sersvauts' seatts. The whole is fit for immediate use. Apply at the builders'. Messrs. Thirupip. 2139, Oxford-street. PONY anti PONLY PHAMTONS~.--Several very handsomne CARRIAGES, of thu aboye description., to be DIS1'OSED OF, bargains, having been taken in payment of bill : alao, several Pair Harness, suitable for pony or xnorse. Dennot Gig, £10. Apply at Ill. High-street. Catudeu.town. CILARtENCE andl SINGLE BROUGHA2%. The c~5larence is in excellent condition, and adapted for Oon or two hurses: price SOguineas. TXhebroughaimisaidsoin good order, price 45 gmunras.-At T., Eldridge's coach manufactory, Gray's-inn-road, near Guildford-street. DOG AT.Fr AE a handsome well-built D NEWPORT DOG CARTnd very excellent condition; has Patentt axles. wings,inner toot,alasmps. Tobesteen and the owner referred to at the livery stables. Wells-mew,, Wedlls-strect, Oxfordstreet, near the Princesss Theatre. TIGHT handsome BAROUCHE, Sociable, and LHaress, with side enclosure, forinin- an open or close carrag in one. They were buit last season to order, and are in conditon nearly new. The gentleman giving up his establishmuent is desirous of meeting with an immediat,, purchaser. To be seen, and particulars had, at 200 Regent-street. IT' be SOLD, cheap, a Step-piece BAROUCH, i-n T. exeelleiit condition, having just been painted and put into thorough repair, Itis very light, yet capable of carrying eight persona,and is altogether worthy the attentioni of any geotmana requiring a really good carriage at a moderate price. It can b~e seen at Cole's carig mauuf%ctory. Craven-place, Kensington, near the turispike ga~te, THE, following CA%RRIAGES, on view at PEAKE's, Tll. Princes and 5 Lisle streets, Leicester-squaro, all to be SOLD. or LEt' for the season, at greatly reduced Drices :-lroughamsn, clarences, baroucebe. cab, pUlentum, stanhope, and pony phaetons, lee, Establishedl156years. A stanhope phacton, nearly equaltoDnew, for 40 gunenss CAD PHAETON, a6 very handsome and lai-ht car- riage, carries four inside, with eide wings, lamps, an;T German shutter, in coiidition equal to new, a bargain, very stylish. sianhope and driving pbaeton. second-hand : pony andt pars phaetorls in every. design, and sociable basket phactons. suiitable for the s'snallest pony, at excecoingly low puices.-At 2 A, South-place, Finsbury'pavement. 1 'ARRIAGE or BROUGHAM HORSE.-A gestI _,, tleman wishes to SELL a. Y-luable BAY HIOISE he no longer requires. T'he horse isperfeetly sound and quilet, and a written guarantee will be given. The genitlemanis coachman will show thelhorse att his stables, S. Craven-hill-miews. 'Westbourne-terrace, overy day before 2 o'cock, The horse is upwards of 10 hands high, and wilt be found quite invaluablei to any person requiring a horse of this description. L HGIT CARRIAGES. -Great Bargains.-AfashionL a`ble PILENTUJM PHAETON. with enclosures, equal to new, 95 guineas; headed cab phactons, 35. 45, and 10 guineas; dog cart phactoss. 25 and 10 guineas: 12 fashionable pony phaetons, 14, 16, 18. and 25 guineas; dog carte, 10, ii, IS, and 20 guineas; three round fronted broughamas, -45. 55, and 65 guincas.-PELTON1's, eand 3, Oldstreet-road. A BARGAIN.-A gentleman has for SALE,%t CAR- BUAGE for one or two horses, with German shutters, closing completely, to serro for slimmner or winter, built by S'ilk;, price only ;E30. The Owner will be deaut with. May be seen at Gibbs's livery stables, Keppel-mews, who will refer to the owner. Also, if desired. tiue horse, a gray, rising six, wvarranted sound, and steady, for £45, might to hiad with or without the carriage. Pony feuset 15 guneas;elegan Piletum Phaeton by Lareand Co,,wit Geran huters,pol, ba. ad safts, holds fouir inside, In 74E W PATENT BROUGHAMS, Barouches, &c. 1-4-Messrs. COOK anad ROWVLEY, coachmnakers to Her Majesfty and Prince AlUbert, respectfully invte the attention of the nobility and gentry to the new sytem they have- so successfully introduced in Kanging their BItOUt'HAMS,S "e. The ease and comfort attained by this new mode are admitted by all who have used them to be far vupenor to every other yet offered to public notice. The high testimionials received frorm noblemen and ~cntlemnen who have adopted these carriages have induied Messrs. C.. anid IR. to call the public attention to Wps mosft desirable imnprovement, whicht is applicable to all light carriages. To be'seen at the manufactory, 9. King-street, Regent-street, (entrane fromn Chapel-place, between 170 and 172. Regent-street,) N. . Carriages on this principle let on job, with option to purchase. Several very excellent serond-hand carriages f,,r sale. TElR MNAJESTY's THEATRE, Haymarket, &c,HtFor the accomairdation of feequecaters of the theatres, PRUDAY's CAFE. 7. Rupert-street. Hayinarkiet, remains opens until 2 o'clock. for suppers of every description. fasts, Is. 60,; dinner, 2s,; bed rooms, 2&.: drawing room, including wax lights. 4s.: with bestrom nen suite, 7s. Attend-Ancelis. A nightporter. NELSON's PORTLAND H-IOTEL, Great PortlandN treet.-Drawing room and bed rocom en suite. 7s.;: bed noon,,, Is, 6d,.s, li d., Ig. ; breakfasts, Is, Gd,, 2s. ; plain dinners, 2%.sd. o; attendance, Is. per day Port and Sherry,Se. per bottlle. Famlliee usC geutlemen bythe week. All charge for candle,sdiscontinued. B ULOGNE-SUR-MER. - HOTEL d'ANGLEBTERRE: 31ona, ZACHAItIE, Proprietor.-Notwithstandling the hilgh prices of provisions and wines, no alteration in the ordinary and moderate tariff of tchs large and well known establislunent is made, (Carriages and porters always in attendance on arrival of boats and trains. NOTICE to RAILWAY and STEAM-BOAT TRANvE-LLERS.-ARNDERTOSN'sHOTEI4,12,l&4andlt5.Fleet-etet. -Breakfast, rvith joint, Is, Gd. ; beds. Its, Gd. per week; dinners from 12 to 8 o'clock; joint and vegetable. Is. 6d0,: with soup or fish, 2s. Tuirtle soup and venison daily. Table d'Hote at half-past 5, at 26. each, A night porter in attendance. -P OCHESTER, its Cathedral, Castle, Salt Water BM aths, anid surroundling i'cenery.-Tbe ROYAL VICTORIA andl BULL HOT EL, facing the Town-hall. in addition to its coffee and comnmercial. has various stood rooms for large and small parties, on reasonable terms, Post horses and carriggesassusual. "Good house: nice bedg."-Pickwick-, page 10. PORTUGAL HOTEL Fleet-street, London.-C. PRIDLEIt offers her best ithanks to the public for the liberal patronage she baa already been favoured with, and will use her beet exertions to deserve an extension of that support. She has opened a ladies' coffee room, which will enable those who prefer it to avoid the expense of a private sitting room. 1Beds, ls. 00. a night, and a mo-derate charge for servants in thie bill. ~HE LONDON COFFE E-HOUSE, Ludgate-hill.- T The public are respectfully inormed, that this long-established and most respectable HOTEL is now carried on in the most eflicient maiiner, to ensure the comfort of those families and gentlemen who may honour it with their support, added to which its central situation and other loeet advantages render it peculiarly available and convenient. MILLER's HOTEL, oppussito Stamford-street, foot of Elackfriarts-'oridge(Ilurrey sidel. A veryocentral and healthy situation. Ifoderate charges, vim :-Beds, is. 6Gd. and is.; dinners, from is, &L; sitting room. Is., &c. A new private entrance,.by wh-ich parties can enter the hotel entirely separate from the tavern. A saiu coffee-room anda separate ladies' coffee-room haveheen added.Patlies9 uising the latter avoid the expense of sitting room. Obegerve: Opposite Stamfordl-street, in Ulaeltriars-road. (AUEEN's and the CLARENDON HOTELS.- 'NcZ~Clarendon Hotel. Upper Norwood, near the Benilah-Bpa gardens, in connexion wvith the Queen's Hotel.-The nobility, clergy, andi gentry. are specially informed that the delightfully situate MIANSION, recently the residence of Sir George Dlennys, Bart. is NOW OPEN for therecpton f isior, b te nmeof heCisrendon Hotel, unuder the amemanaemet astheQuee's ote. Those distinguaished peronaes ho onoredtheQ,ss.ns wththeir patronage during thelas yar,ar repetfuly nvtedtosecreforwanidduring the summersuc sesmiedaionas heymayreqireat either hotel. Apply W HTE AI. -Blckwil.- esss.LOVEGROV be repecfuly toacqain Meber ofParliament and entemeenage oncomittes hattheeletri teegraph is in wick Hotel, yHITEBAIT. -Artichoke Tavern, Blackwali.- W.L D. ROBEPTSbegs to inform his friends and the public that WHITEBAIT is pow in season. The trains of the Blacs-all Railw~ay heave Fenchurch-street every quarter of an hour throughsout the day; also Camden-toa-n (Regent's-park), Isligton, and Hackney. Alizhitait the Poi,lairStation, BED6, fromi Is. per night. Ooimfort and cleanliness - d_Accommodation for travellers, Five mbinutes' wal k fern the Great N nttlern and Enston-squave Stations, Address, ST., P~ANCRAS HOTEL, la, George-strmct, Euston-square, (J O VEN.IT-GARI)EN-IVARKJi;LT.--To Clubs, Pr-m Cprietors of Hotels, and other large Establishments who stisly ecoensny.-PUILLN andI SON, having been coemected wIth the vegotable and fruit mArkets between 10 and 40 yss beg- to inform the aboe ha tey il efet agratsaingii tei expenditure by tr chass,'ther VGETALESandFRUTS,both foreign and EngJ'0, pU RE BREAD.-PATENT FLOUR MILLS, umah used in families. praces £4 lOs and upwards. Particulars sent on ceceipt of a stamlped addremsed oavelope.-HY. TWALLIN and Co., s:ucressors to Richards and Co., ranufacturer 117 and 118, Blishops;t tcwithin. Also the now patent v7ens. jHE.-A AsE1,AL (for E3wn Bread) and COUNTRY. FLOMU ivarranted free from adu,leration, delivered to any part of IsLGdon, not less than e3se pecSk st millertf prices, by C. CULLENand Co., steaz mills, Visbeacb. Idoen depat,17,Homandplac.c Claphsm-ro:d. T° BAKERS.-The best quality of YEAST Cor T baker's use in Londen may be kad at the geottish Reewery, (Edstreet, lit, Luks's, at 2d. per lb., fromn4 o'clocic a.m. till noon. Bar rtlers 6' delve-ry apply at the Talp-house. next door. 0ITO lbe SOLD, for i.24 (cost 54iguinea), a very hand- TL some SILVER SERVICE of teawt, coffeepot' sugarhisin, and cream ewer, weighing 72 ounces. The shape is sdern, elegantly chased. the two smaller pieces richly gilt inide, and the condition of the whole quite usimpaired by use. h&V te seen at Wales and hl'CHiloci's, S2. Ludgate-strect, nearSt. Pa:l:r 0TU LINENDRAPERS.-To be SOLD by Puiblic T Tender, by order of the Assignees of the Eetate of hIessrs. T. and C. l:. Stocker. of 190 an1 191, Sloane-street, bankrupts, the STOCK in TRADE of the ESTATE. amounting to £SM 11s. 10d. at tho'cost prices, and which will be sold at a discount therefron, in one lot. Payment to be made in cash. or by approved security ot exceeding tbree months front the (lay of sale. Tbe stock to be siewed on the bankrupts' prenikes until the hour of sale, and the tenderr will be received, andthe purchaser declared, at the offices of lemErs Parrinton and L2dbury, 16, King-street, Chespside, on Monday, 21st inst.. at 12 o'clck precisely. The Leases of the desirable Premises, 190 and 191, Sloanestreet, will shortly be offered for Sale. Further part:culars to be had of Mlesrs. Ashurst, Son, and arris, solcitors, Old Je-ry; of W. Bell, Esh.. Coleman-street-buildings, AMoorgate-street, ofdicial assignee of the bankrupt'e estate; or of Messrs. Parrinton and Ladbury. NEWV R-'GISTERED GAMES:-Cannonade or vCastle Bat elle, 3s. 6d.; Targetta Game. a2s 6d ; Ringolette Gnie. £31h3s. 60 nd £6 a.; Imp'risl Contest. s. 6d. and 1Ss. 6d. These ea- and hlgsiy amusing ganies may be had of Spurin. Bondstreet; Spratt, Bsrcok-street * .zard, Brook-street -MXiller, Lowndesstreet; Slerroy, Audley-street; Sherwin. Great Queen-street; Leuchars, Cbeapsidele Pearce. CornhiU-; Dixon. (;racechurch-stree. Sold wholesje only by JaqoeSs, patentee andnmanufacturer of the Launton Chessmen, In ntu Quo s'osboard, k,, If_attoen-garden. W~ANTED a SHOPIMAIN in a retail opticiae's. Ap~Y. arpnaly.at 4.Hatton-zarden. -W A ATED, by a youth, aged 19;-a SITUATION i-n d;.Y--V- an office or-warehoueae.wbere-ke can makeihlmnaelf useful. Ad- resW. D., Mr. Gordon',% 146, ebl.tet ~I%JANTED to RENT, mrn 20 to,30-acres of PAlS. TU?R r EADlOW LANI) with a small House attached. WAANTED, a GENERAL SERVANT- of good 'chas-rctr used to children. The family ig sma?L aud most of the washing put out. Apply at 38. Bucklerebury. city. No Irish. WANTED.. a FIRST:HAND RRESSMA&KEll. WNone need apply but those capable of taking the entire managemeut. Apply at O. Tarli3gtou-plvce, Erigeware-road. WI ANTED, a respectable youth ge bout 14, as IVOUT-DOORt APPRP.NTICE to thsexecista lmasblowing. Apply to P. Tacchi. 9. Cross-street, HaLtton-aln AA-NTEJ?, a good-PLAIN 6OQK and HOUSEVYMAID. Nso writteu chAraeter taken. Apply at 53, Cliftoniroad. (isriton-hill. St. 3'ohn's-wood. W~1ANTED, by a respectable yougmn MLY -V MRNT as COLLECTOR, TowkirTveerorWrhuean Can have live yea&s reference from lAst empoes drs .B,17, ~IA TED, by a young pesn,a TU TONi1 T repectable fasniy, oraylghepets.N b_jection0t'otravel1 orto make berself generally usetuI in say YWay not menial. Addressg A. . Z.. 68, Pratt-street, Camden-towen. W ANTED, a good COOIK, forafml in W%arW: - ickshira. She will be requirted to taecag~asmall dairy and to bake. Good rferences hindispNunl. l for address to Idesne ISil nd oris. Albion-p,lae, Hydt-orr WAANTED, a hteady active SERVANT of ALL- VWORtK, froim 25 to 30 yeSes of aze. Onily those with rood charact er need apply. Irish objected to. Apply for the address at Edwards', greengrocer. ltotherfield-etreet. Lower-road. Islington. W~AN TED, a LADY BOARDER, in a small pri- VY Tte amil, cusiting of a lady and-'kntleznau and tn,e littlo girL The oue isstut in.a good ;art of Itighbury. Ternms mode. rate. AddiregssVeritas, Messra. Toulniuna-d Co.. hiss-lanie. Thicklerw,ury. WANTED by amiddcU-aged nian, a S~ITUATIO0N VTas PORtTk!, or Wareliousemauosr in pay capacity where hLo fanmsnke himself generaly useful. An exce3llet eharectei'ror securitl ifycequired. Address toG. G..Z Brompton-terra~-sE.romupton. AN E ,for two Youing- gilIs,. thle daughIters ofa W pectabe trademau. SIUATIONSin. respeciable famnilies. One isiS 15the other l'i years of ago, auit well domesiticat6&l Address to A. 13., 119. Cros-street. Shepherdess-walk, City-road. T~ANTED by a young mnan, a SITUATION as WX ESSENGIiR, or in any capacity whiere he cOuld be useful to his employer. W%rites agood hanid,andis quirk at accounts. Asddress F. Ci. C., Sir. Dewsberry% S. Cambridge-place. PAddineton. ~~ANTED, a GROOM, w-ho thoroughly undlerWTstands his buslne2s,light weight, marriedl, withoact enceumbrance. 'Wife aslaundress. About13 miles from town. Apply by letter only t'o-A. B. C,0, Bank.-chambers. Lothbury. Wages liberAL W~AN TED, by a respectable married meLu, age it6, a VTSITUATION as UNDER CLERIC..or in any capeu`ty where he would he glad to make himself generally useful. Writes well, and understands accounts. Address A. B.. 5-. Aske-street, Horton. W~ANTED, by a gentleman and lady, a respectable VTGENERAL SERVANT. The washing is put out. Age froms 23 to 33. Wages £15 per annum. Apply by letter, pre-paid, to Mrs. R., 4. Chapel-place, Chapel-street, Stockwell. W ANTED, a hiighly respetabl on man us W WAITER. Those whio understand therbsns and have good characters may apply this day and to-morrow, at the Wine CellUars. 1. Charles-street. A1lbert-gate. fromn 11 to 4 o'clock. WIANTED, to BORROW, imimediately, by a- VTwidow lady of high respectAbility, the SUM of L50 for 12 monthsg. Good interest will be given. No loan society need answer this. Address A. D..earseof Mr.Rate,-post-ollice,Upper Hollosesiy, 1ATANTED, a TOW N TRAVIELLER, of goo TW ability, who hias a knowledge of the engraving and printielingtrade, to call on wholesale buyers. Apply by letter only to J. 1%I. Newland. 1. Liverpool-street. city. ~~ANTED, in a small family, a thorough good WT HOUSEMAID, from 28to 35 years ofago. She must waitwell at table, clean plate, and assist in the laundry. Address Bowker's library. Lower Tule-hill, Brixton. ~7ITALN TED, ob a ejectable widow, twvo or three WV CHILDItEN, toNURISE fully ca'pable of taking one from thae month. Unexceptionable references given. Direct S. K., Hollybush Hotel.N`orwood, opposite Gip'-y-hiffl. WANTED), by a respectable young person, a SIWTUATION as SHOPW OMAVN in a balker's or pastrycookb's Good reference to her last employer. Address 13. B., Sir. liuruet's' baker, Cromner-street. Gray's-inn-road- WIAANTED, for the Queen's Hotel, Upper Norwood, vYa HEAD 0HAMtRERMAID and HOUSEMAID, not under 30 ycars of age. Nlone need apply who have not lived in first-clasa hotels, Address to thebManager. A-ITNTED, a first-rate COOK, also a Elousemaid,4 VTwhere a parlourmaid is kept. Apply, from t0 till 12. any morning, at Sirs. Millington's, Park Cottages. Camberwell-grove. Ages from 25 to 35. Must understand their bu,ine&i well. WAAN TED, by a youth, desirous of going to sea, a TVSITUATION as CAPTAIN's CLER IC, or under Stewrard. in any foreign-goingTeasel, for loag or short voyages. Address, pre-paid, to X-.Y. Z., care of Mr. Hatkiway; news agent. 16. Royal Exchangei. ~~ANTED, as GENERAL SERVANT in a priyate WT family, a respectable young woman, from 20 to 25. NIone needI apply without unexceptionable references. Wages £12. Apply to T. Fisher, 239, High-street, Borough. W~IANTED, by an extensive woollen houtse, am VTAGENT in London-one thuroughlyacquamnted with the trade. Applications, with refivences, stating age, &c., to be addressed to Box No. 244 post-offie, Leeds. WA'ANTED, by an old-established commiission-house TVin an outport, a FOREIGN` (ERK, well acquainted with the corn, seed, cake, and boer shinpers ini the Bable,c Denmark. and near ports. A4pply, by letter only. with naame, address, referecue, and salary, to A. Si,care of Si._ Levitt, Eeq., 41, Mark-lane. ~ANTED, to BORROW, on mortgage, a~ ~Sum Wof.,el.i 0, at £5 per cent, interest, to be secured1 on leasehold estaies, in the city of Westminster, of amnple value. Particulars may be had on application to Air. Aupleby, solicitor, 6, Harpur-street, Rted Lion-square. W~ANTED, for six months, within 20 miiles of VTLondon, and in immediate proximiity to a railway station, a detached C'OTTAGE. with garden, and furnished with every requisite for the comfort of asmall family. Address to C. Si. B., Mr. Reach's, chymist, St. James's-street. W~ANTED, a onum man, of good connexions, as TTASSANT B OK - Et'lt who must write a good clear band. An acquaintancoewitl thie Germnanand Scandh,avisn languages will be a material recommendation. Address, post paid, to B, K., Mtessrs. Nissen and Park-er's, Slark-lane. 1 TANTED, immediately, by the sea-side, a sall WTplainly FURLNISHED COTLTAGE, near a Catholic ansdPrzotestant Church and railway station. If liked will be taken for six months. Terms must be very moaerate. Apply at Rtussell', 1S, Bridgeterrace, PeAddington, WAANTED, £2100, for 12 months.-A gentleman or l~ady,who can lend or procure the advertiser.the above sumi, can PAEDAUGHTERS in a first-class SCHOOL4 at half the terms. P'rivate security. Unexceptionable references given. Address J.P., care of Mr. Thomas, 140. Strand. TED, immeiatey, a sharp intelligent OUT. nt nde 10yers f ae,who can write wTell'nd quikly Hi sevics ae rquied n acoutin-hoseand saleroom. for ook, sc. age tobegn a 14, pr wek.For address inquire ANTDJ~b~ yon~ an,aged 25 a SITUATI N as IG PORTE Messeger, or Under Clerk, or in any cap.acity. where he would be ,mlgt make himself generally use ful. Knows town well. Five Yar go character. Address R. B., aLt Mr. Smnith's, 3. Lasob' Condt-re. WAN'TED, immediately, for a life and fire insW rasceo nile a CLERK, of good appearance and address, Reference, in London indispensable. Saary not to exceed £200 a year. Apply by letter stating full partioulazs as to age, Sic., to A. B. C., care of Mleassr Cookse and Wtutley, advertising agents, 53, Lombard-street. AA-NTED, from Midsummer next, a comfortable W YRESIDENCE, containing about fxTe or six bed rooms, two drawing rooms, dininggroom,_tr. Ifwith an artist'sstudio, and in the neighbourhood of Regent's-park or St. John's-wood. preferred. Parttculara to be eent to Siesers. Jackksom and Graham, 37 and 35, Oxfoed-st. WANTD bya repectbleyoung man, a SITUAW 4N s ORER, bress e,o and cany readpandt wite well 0ou mak hiselfuseul. fesseonge, orand cany eap acit whrie heL Can give good references from the situation he is about leaving. Address H. L., 20. Plitt-street, Charlotte-street, Pitzroy-square. WIANTED, ba res-pectable, steady, active person, VT age 22, aSITUATION inany capacity,.where her services are not requiredI on the Sabbath days. Understands dressmaking, and is a quick needlewoman. Has received a good plain eduxcation. Most satisfactory references. Direct Mi. A., 37, Gray's-inn-lane, Holborn. ~~ANTED, a young man, as CLERKC, vell acWT qusinted with bookkeeping by double entry, and having a good legible handwriting. Address with particul ars as to previous employment and salary required, to A. B., Mrs. Jennings's, 5, Crowni-street, Finsbury. I,,ANTED, by a young man, 26 years of age, a W BTAION in a warehouse, or as Light Porter in any respectable house of business. Would be willing to mal-e himself generally useiul. Can write a good hand, and has some knowledge of accounts. Security if required.-W,.S.. 18, Eas-t-street. MNanchester-sq. Y [ANTESD by a highly respectable female, a WSlPTATIJN to superintend the household affairs ofma sMall family, or as Useful Comnanion to a lady, orn engageent of a similar character. Address RS., Mir. H. J. FrIcekear'ns llb'ary, Kingstonon-Thames. WANTED, a six-roomed HOUSE andI SHOP, in WTgood repair, either in London or the guburba near town, suitable for a cigar business er a haberdawsher's. No objection to take fixtures or small stock, if not exceeding £C20 or £30-CU. S., 39, Upper Northplaoe, Gray's-lun-roaeL WANTEDj aGOVERNESS PUI,iashof W high standing in St. Johu's-wood. Premiu eurd nld ing professors' fees. 40 guineas for one year.pabl(icerdiy quarterly instalments, Address Zeta,care of,Sr* rpi, 1 rnes street. Stab(la-hill. WIA-NTED, for the country, a steady, respectable VTSERVANT, in a smnall family, between 25 and 35 years of age, who possesses a thorough knowledge of his business. Apply by letter to'W. F., care of Messrs. Yarrow and Co., 12, Bucklerabil-y, Cheapaids, statingreferences, &c. *' TANTED, within a circuit of hailf a mile from. W Chairing-eross, for the purposes of a CLUB ROOM, Dimensions about 12 feet by 10 feet, to be situate on ground or furat iloor, Not necessarily in a large thoroughfare, but must have a gooyd o1p. Preach. Apply by letter, stating rent and other particulars, to KC. L., Hungerford-hall, Strand. WANTED, a PARTNER, -with £5-~00 or £~400 at Whis immediate command, to enter into a business and assist in making sales in an article of daily and enormaous consumption. The advertiser, a man of the world, is prepared to prove a profit exce1in £-1,000 ayear, Address to A.Z., News-rooms, heapsid(e, withac.tual name and addrss WAANTED, a thorough GENERAL SERVANT, in , a 3mnll family; only one child 12monthsola hustbeaplain cook, 6leanly in work and person, and capable of managing the child during die parents' absence; must be a confidentialPerso: amember of a Christian Church preferred. ApplY at Mr.Davies',13, ondon-: troad. Southwark. XXW ANTED, with immediate possession, within a o=ntafning mine or ten chambers. thre ception rooms. with good doun,esticoffce. pleasure and kitchen gardeur,with fromfveto seven anas of meodow land. Rent not to exceed £10andwithin20miles of London. Address, pre-paia, to EL L.. po-office, Wandaworib, Surrey. .IAAN'TED, by a widow lady, without encumbrance, W' Oan EYAGEMENT as HOUSEKEEPER to a widower, or elderlr lady orpontleman. She is willing tomake herself LSeful in any: way nod menial. A high salary not expoted a comfortable home being thechief objec D ihe most respectable zeferences given asd required. Addr s 'toA. LV., Bakers library, , Providence-place, Kentishtown. [IATANTED, by a lady, in the country, a YOUNG T V PER soN, to vait onberself and two younEg ladies. She must be a thorough goodciressniker, milliner, annd hairdresser, and under- stand getting up fine linen. She wilU be required to assist in the mall. fanmily wasbing. Noobjection to one who has not been out before. Mfoderate wages given, Letters, stating age and referenoes, addressed to E: B., post office, Roe, Herefos-.hire. WA ANTED, in a small private fami3y, an IN-DOOR TV SERVANT, out of livery, height Sft. 5in., ged 30, who must attend onaentleman, go out with him insa wheel chair, and make himnsclf generallyngeful. Also, a good Plain Cookl as General Serrant, ctive and cl*eanly, aged 25. Part of the washing done at home. Good personal characters required. A mass acid v,ife, without encumbrance, used to service, and satisfied wtitlr moderate wages, not objected to. Akpply, by letter onlsy, to N. P., 1, c,mcr of Bamsbusy-street, Liverpoo-road. Islingt4n. TANTED, by two yo:,lng gentlemen, FUR- W T ;ISEEED APART3ENTS, cob. sistingof one sitting room and twvo bed loos, or ene large doublebedn'ed room, with attendanmc, in thle 3house of a small private family, aned with the Option of partial hoard. hSInaI eof easy ccss to the city by railway, andpreference wrouldb3egiven to the London-bridge tereninus. Address, pre-paid, stating full p.articulars and terms, which mast be moderate, being required for a psrmanencyi.f found suitaple, tog, Z., wcue of Mrr. BPgh. t, 188 ~fn3church-atreet. ANTED, a good PLAIN COOK. Apply to- W raorrowo, at 3, 1Jamden-road Whm, CAmden-town. 5W ANTE by a respectable person, one or two Add-e CIIIRi.to sI1 1- Good refertnesgivenamsudequired. Addrm. P. ITS Cottage, AMbion-=d, Haammeremith. 6WTANTED, by a respectable. -youth,-in his 18th wV yeas, a SITUATION as JUNIOR CLERK, o: Cullector. Town 6r'country.-. T.. 7. Ealwtreet. Black;r - VAN TED, a thorough good PLAIN COOK, in a genUtlean'u faily, 17 ciles frum towun. Addreap ys-paid, to N. Y. Z. Anchor Eote. hhppertou-on-Thames. WAN'TED, a YOUTII, for the pawnbroking busi- nem. Apply to Mr. WV. Dicker, Southamptontret, camber- 1srTNTED, a CH LD to DRY-NURSE, by a TV widow, who has no children of her own. . Will be wael taken care o£. Direct. post paid, to Al. K_, 18, Chapel-row, New-rd., Chelsea. ANTED, an active and experiencedMIAN, for the WV shawI department. Apply at 81. Pall-mall, between 10 and 12 o'cock. VANTE:D, a gentleman of good address, as CAN- VASSE ,to -olcit orders in theamilytrade. Aplyto Mr. Skelton, Brightoss PaleAle Store, 7. Ulpper Thaes-street. W;cANTED, a MRESII1AN, for the Chatham Divi- 7V sion Royal Maxines. Testimnouials, &c., to be addreFeed to the President of Mes" C unminttee t TANTED, one or two CHIILD-REN to NURSE, W by a respectable married wom, iu a heid h sitoation. AddMa, H. B.. 4, Ppe-t-place. Holly-walk Hamps W ANTBD, in a gentleman's family in West Hack- V ney. a NURSE and a GENE:RAL SERVANT. Apply, ith terns, to MS. W.. care of Mers. Miann aLud Nephewrp, Corshill. TAJNTED, a MAN-6SERVANT, out of livery V single-handed. No married man needapply. Applyto s. Coles. baker, Spring-stteet, Sussex-gardens. W ATANTED, by a respectable married womvan, one or 7 V two CHILDREN to N tTRSE lage no objeet). in a healthy situation. Addres., AL C., 4, Elen-terrace, Wick-road, Hackney. V ANTED, a MESSMhAN. Address, w.ith fll T particulars, to the Preident, 3fess Conumittee, Roecoramon Pegim1ent, lBerwick-on,-TweN W;tJANTED, to CHARTER a STEAMER, for the forth ng Nal Review. Tonnage price, and ticulars, to be iorwarded to MeEsrs. Dennison. Mle-end ills, Portsmorth. MANL'TED,' for the sea4on, a TWO-STALL V STABLE aud COACH-HOUSE, with room above, by a gentleman, in the itnunediate neighbourhood of Queen's-gardeuns Apply by letter to A. B.. 17, Queen's-gardens. Craven-hill, Bayswater. I ANTED, by a respectable youth, aged 18, a W SITUATION as JUNIOR CLERKC i a rnerchat's or other office. Has been in a solicitor's office nearly two years.-A. B., 21, Queen-street, Knightsbridge. 1TAN1 TED, a steady respectable young man, of a V good height, as NOOTMAN, in a single-handed place, in liaery. Mt have a good personal character o3f at least 12 months. Apply for address to A .r. Gre en. 112. Cra ford-stret, Portsan-stoure (bCtcher). WTANTED, by a resnawectable young petrson, a V IO SITUATION as S GOP N OsAN Ln aE aonfectioner or any other light business Can be we.ll recommendeAl Age 19. Addrese to A. B1., 12, German-place, Brighton. XVANTED, an INVOIfo and CASH S LCO K, at Ca breKery. Age between 30 and 40. Good character, and secuity required. Apply byuetter elatingo ae, and former employment and salary expected, to A. B.. fr. Lamb's, stationer. Chnerlsey. W1TANTED, a respectabT woman, from 35 to 40, as VT HOUbSEEinEPER and GENEmRAL SECRVANi T Nlon oneed Iply without unexceptionable references. Apply at 57, high-street, TANTED, from 100 to 160 SECOND-VAND TV CASKS, Baprels, lderkins, and Firkbns, so eet andin a oed condition. address, with number andcerece, Phaenix Brewery, Peterb,orougth. 5jTANTED, a SITUATIOnd as HEAO NUliRSE in T IToblenAn's or gentleman's family. Can take a child from thebnrthe and hmas thehighest reommendatiot s from famdies iLerhas lwied cuith. Addresdr. S. 70, Great QSieen-stroet. PInioln's-inn-llelds W?TANTED, an ALyTO and TENOR VOICE, to T C makeip private gleeandcatch club. None need applyu ho cannot rcad music Del. References reqnired. Particulars by letter to A. P.. at Duftour's, 17 a, Grest George-street. Westminster. WUAN=TEDl by r, pensloned Sergeant of Police, a YTSIbTUAT?ON as MSESSENGERt. Timekeeper, or any place where he ran make himzself useful. Writes well, and iY conversant with accounts1. Address SI. A., 8. Prince's-row. Pilulico. W TANTED, by a young person, a SITUATIONY as SECONvD HlAND DRE nSM.A3{EIc in a good house of bestrims, or as Shopwoman and to assist in the above. Two years' good references.-M. D., Hliscoke's lbrbmry. Richmold, Snrre~ - 57TANTED, by a respectable person, a SITUAVT TION in abkerl's or contioner's shop. being accustomed to the business. Any other light bosinees wil not be objected to. Good reference if required. DirecttoA. B., 27. Princes-street. Chelsea. IWTANTED, a NURSE, to take the charge of two V V children: youngest three years of age. Good wages. Apply this day and to-tmorrow, between the hours of 10 and 1, at 57, Camdenroad Villas, Camden New-town .WANTED, to RENT, HOUSES, of eight or 10 V room4 each. in a good state of repair, and in desina,le localities. State full particulars, with lowest terms, to Mr. Fry. house and estate ascot, raluer, accountant, ac.. 73, George-street. Portman-square. VWTANTED, a steady experienced person as HO USE- ;T M- v iAID. mn aerall family. She must be able to wait well at table, and get uP fine linen. Apply, between S and 9 o'dclock in the evening, at 16. Upper Gowec-strcet. Bedford-squ.-ee. &TANTED, in a tradesman's family, a SERVANT V 'of ALL-WORK. She must have 12 months' good character, and have no objection to children. Age not under 25. Wages liberal. ApnDly at 5, Portland-place, Circus-road, St. John's-wood. No Irish need apply. W ANTED. by a respectable young French person, a SITtUATIOs NURSE, age 20. Highly recommended by the lady she has just left, ith whom she lived 12 months, and had the charge of three children. Address P. Dumont. 74, Lower Sloane-street, Chelsea. TANTED in a general commission warehouse, a V YOUNG hIAN. who possesses a knowvledge of gains, S iss muslies, ginghams, woollen cloth, &c. He will have to caU upon the wholesale houses and shippers. State &%lary. where last employed, real name, and address, to P. J. A.. General Post-office. 7TANTED, a PARLOURAIAID, also a good V HEousemaid, who m ust thoroughly nuderstand their work, and whose characters are undeniable' in a family. 10 miles fronm London, Apply, to morrow. to hirs. F., 5, 51ussia-rowv, Milk-street, Chespside, between the hours of 12 and 4 o'clock. X7(TANTED, by a highly respectable yong person, TW aSITUATION inaconfectioner'sshop or anyhfaury usiness. Not having been out before wiU give the firstthreemonths. Town or country. Address to L. S., Thompson!s library, High-street, harnet, Herts. W ANTED, a SITUATIONas COOK and HOUSE- W KEEPER in a gentleman's family. by a person from the country, age 37. Thoroughly understands her business, and has 12 years' good character. Address H. C., 99, Shaftesbury-street, New North-road, Hoxton. 7 ANTED, in a London life assurance office, a VLIFE CL.ERK: salary7O. vwith a yearly rise of £10 per annum. Apply. pre-paid. to R. B., 11, Sandfield-place, Lewnsham, stating age, quialification. and aU other particulars. Wanted, also in the same offiee, a Junior Clerk: salary £30 perannum. YTANTED, the CHARGE of one or twvo CHIL- V DREIN, by a resnectable widow. residing in thc neighbourhood of Bromptonw who is capable of wel educating them if required. Bespetable references. Addres 8 I\LN., at Nash and Teuten's, 4, :aviUeplace. Regent-street. 1XTANTED, by a married man, 38 years of age, a WT SITUATION as SHOPMAN, Warehouseman. or Messenger. Efas been 1lyears inthe sltuation hlis now leaving. Hasbeennsedto the grocery trade. Direct, pre-paid, to B. H. L.., 48, London-street, Reading. AANTED, by a respectable youth, age 18, a VSITUATION in a counting-houise or warehouse, or in any other light capacity where he could make hinself useful. Can engross, and understands accounts. A smaU salary will be taken. Good reference. Address to E. D., 43. Meoreton-terrace, Belgrave-road, Pimlico. WAXNTED, by a respectable young person, a SITUAKTION to wait on a lady and take charge of one or two children not under three years of age, where a nurserymaid is kept. Understands hairdressing. children's dressmaking, and is a good plain needlewoman. Addres A. B., 45, Beaumont-street, Portland-place. WANTED, a SITUATION as WAXCHAND- L LER's or GROCERs SHOPLAN, or as a light Porter, by a respectable youth, aged IS, who can write a good hand, and is quick at accounts; withS .years' recommendation. Address AB., .r. Spence, 13, Duike-street, Portland-place. MJANTED, by a young maD aged 30, as COOK, or V Cook and Baker. Or Baker and Confectioner, in a gentleman's family. Very strongly recommended by a nobleman with whom he lived two years. Town or country. Apply by letter to A. B., ir. Wills, 4, ittle Ryder-street, St. James'. W ANTED, by the friends of a young lady, a W SITUATION for her as COMPANION, Housekeeper. totake eharge of a small family, or in any capacity where integrity and domestic economy are sought. She is highly respectable and of much experience. Apply by letterto C. C., care of Mtr. yre, 32. Bouverie-st, VITANTED, by a respectable married man, aged 25 VT (late Assistant-Store keeper in Her Msajesty's Commissariat Service in Turkey), a SITUATIONf where writing and arithmetic are requlired. WVages one guinea. F.irst-rate references, and small securityif required. Address H.31f., Burlington Coffee Rooms, 53, Picca- W ANTED, a GENERAL SERVANT, who tho roughly understands her business, age 26 to 36, in a small family. WaV.shing put out. ltust have 12 months' good personal character frm th.e lady she last lived withi Apply this day and to-iliorrowv at Mr. Farmar's, teadealer, 41, M.ount-street, Westminster-road, Lambeth. IATANTED, TWO SERVANTS: a thorough Gene- Vral Servant, wvho must be agood piain cook, age about 30; aParlourmaid, wvho is a good needlewvoman, and can get ip fline linen. FamIly onlY lady and gentleman. Character of 12 months required. Apply, from 10 till 2 o'clock. Address isd at post-office, Park-street, Camuden-townu. No Roman Catholic need apply. IAANTED, a FURNISHED COUNTRY RESI- W DENiC, within one nour from town on the South-Westerl or South-Eastern Ralh-ay, to contain six best bed rooms, convenient domestic apartments. and stabling for four horses. Possession must be had on the Ist ofIMay. Address A. L., Messrs Pottle and Son's. news agents. Royal Exchange. IA3NTED, a VtILLA RESIDENCE. Rent 260 V toX£S0. Notmorethan ISmiles from town, andneara railway station on the North Kent, Brighton, or South-Western lines. To consist of dining and drawimg rooms, two best bed and lressing rooms, servants' rooms. audgood offices. Terms and particulars to Wrn. Smee and Sons. uipholsterers arid house agents, 6. Finsbury-pavement. IATANTED, by a respectable middle-aged man, a VT SITUATION in a counting-house,warehouse, or any house of business, where he could be useful to his employers. Writes a good and expeditious hand, and is quick at accounts. Undeniable references and security if required. Address, post paid, to A. &, 2£; Lisson-grov.e north. WANTED, PARTIAL BOARD, with Lodging, in W a genteel private family, within four or five miles of the city (Surrey side preferred), by a gentleman, engaged ir. business duringthe greater part of the day. Direct, stating terms, with real name andaddress, to A.B. lrs. Blunden's, post-office, Norwood, Smrrey. Unexceptionable references given and required. - 7 -AN TED, bv a most hiehly respectable Youngman, V age 30, a SITtATION as T1EAD BARIMAN, or Barman and Cellarmnan, or to take the entire management of any wine and spirit establishment. His character wfil bear the strictest inqutiries, ad security will be given to any amount for honesty and sobriety. Will leave his present situiation this week. Direct to Mr. Steer, the Austndian. AIilner-street. Chelsea. IATANTED (Sydenham, Norwood, Streatham, or some other cheerful and airy suburb of Londonl. for one year from the Ist of May, a FUR.NISHED HOOUSE, containing three good-sized sitting, eight or nine bed rooms (twro to communicate). and the usual ofnces. Plenty of soft water, and good garden. Address, with rent (about £100 per auinaim), and all particulars to W. S.. 27, North-.ank, Regent's-park. " AIN"TED, by aa aed widow lady, of great re- eAtability, BbARD and LODGING, fur herself and maid, in a qlergymaun' fatmily of the Protestant Fstablished Chuzch. A goOdsize bed room, witha smaU dresmg room attached to it for her maid. Aquiet home in desired-not a boarding-house. Undeniable reference can-be given and will be uire Th neighbourhood of Rensington-goror afew miutes' lk from' Hyde-park preferred.-J. D., at Mr. S. Smith's. 12, Gower-street north 'IAANTED, to PURCHASE, a small ESTATE, of T about 100 to 200 acres of land, good in quality, and the larg-er proportion in grss, 50 to 100 miles from London. It is indispensatle that the situation should be high ; must be near a good town, and if within three or four miles of the coast would not be objected to. There must be a good famuily house, rather large, and stablng. &a., for five or 6ix horses. Address to M Ir. Wn. Thus. Reynolds, Bylleet, Surrey, with-particulars. ANTED for a highly respectable youth, age 16, V-V a SITUAiIONi in a alipbroker's, merehant's, or any other respectable English or forelgu house of business, where. for a term, his services would be considered eqs'ivalen If dihis boaand lodging. He writes a good hand, is quick at accounts, and writes andspeafk French fluently, having received the latter part o Ihis education in Paris, Apbly by lftter to A. Z.. Nts.-T, DZawon and Ecou', 74, Olmnon-street, c1t1. '~IJANTED. 150, forl12ymonths,unoon good aerurity. percet, rielplsor aoliclt6rx only tre&ts wills- -by-'ia respectable whts e cismakehimoself nsesilo hs uapoje, iret SC.aletl ch5. hndooe-strsl Strand. 'IA.NTED, by a respxectable person, a SIT UATION W LsNUME to an nvalid 136d highe stt ionials Can be given:-Address to A. B3., 11, Est-street, Old en-red W ANTEDI, a CHILD to DRY NURSE, married woman. Address A. B., Mr. Hewe'tt', ba.er. lApton-court. XIANTED by a reskectuble Young mnan, a SITUAWTIO asGOMandG.AIIDEIU42. Williog-toma'Ke himsaelf generally usefuL Can have 1t nsaonthe~ good character ft-nun hig last plaee;- Apply by letter to J. L. J. Slasoner's. Surbiton. near Kingston. W AXTED, to PURCHASE a small, BUSINESS. Ilt mnust be in a good. situatiou, easiy managed by a female, audl also bear the strictest Jaquiries. Apply by letter only 10 J. Xsf, 34 Soutbsniumton-street.- Sitrand. IAANTED, for ab private family, a respectable WYOYUNG WOM9AN. of a lively good disposition, for the nurey jage about 25. Salary £10. and everythLing found. Applyat,. 1,M .irlisle Villas. Bow-row, seven doors Irom the railway Itation. TAN TED, TWO good GENERAL SERLVAN TS, V who understanid housemnalds work and waiting at table. No', under 20 year, of age. For a private lodging-house. Apply to Zl1 lk'ret-street,iPortmsan-square. 1,0Irbhneed anply. WANTED, by a respectable person Lawe 30, a W SITUATION as C0XFIDENTIA-L and 1JSEiYCUL CJaM. PAXION to a elderlyor invalidlady. No objection to traTeL Address :G. H. A. IL, poet-oflece, Reading. Berks. WjTAN TEID, by ayourtg maIl, 'aged 19, respectably TVconnected, a 81TUATItnN as CLERk bIn a 'ine meerchant's or lwer's oflice. Writes a good band, and never been out b-eforeiZL.Y*.X, 6, QueL-n's-zoad wes. Chielsea. IAANTED, by a -uidale-aged person, a 61TUAV- TION, to attend on an elderly or invalid lady, or as Nurse to one ortwvo littuechildren. Can bave fotir s eans' character fr'ns the ladyV sh e ha% left.-A. Rt. at Mrs. fftcvens'.-43. Store-treet, Bedfoed .ee-t XW_ITN TED, a YOUNG MAN, thoroughly con,:~ VT v essant with dre&ilog eases and leathber.zoods generally. in A wholesale cityhousge. Address-by letter, with full partieniarsto AB., at M~essrs. M4orrion and Co.'s, 53,.5t.Paul's cburdbyavd.- ANTED, a youns- ersop about 18 or 20, asVVSEPIYAST o A -ORKL M,,st have a good character. Apply for address at Buuker's. dairyman, 18, Salisbury-street. New North-road lHorton, between the hours of 9' and 1?, on Thursday, 17th instant. UANTED, a LITTLE GiRLt, to be educated with TV the daughter of a French lay, principal of a finishing schooL, Terms for her hoaird and instrmction Inhgish F'rench, and muSiC, £14 per annum. Direct to A. B., care of -Messsu, Thomas and Co., 13, High-street, Kingslaud. 7TANTEID, by a young peraon trom the country, a TV SITUATION in a confectioner's shop or aLny light lbusinesvs. Is capable of keeping accounts. Salary no object for the liret -three months. Town preferred. Address I,. F.. 33, Birower-street, Goldens(iluard, t~TANTD, bya contractor, a GENTLE-MAN ~h_o TV ha hadexperencein levelling, settinig out, and mneasuring utp raiwaywors. pplcatons sttin sualifications and salry expected, to b set (y ltte, pe-pid)to 1.1.. care of Mr. Heathi, surveyor, 7, ~7~TANED bya respectable maarried man, a-e 30 VVye-srs a STOATON, n awarehouse or pub)lic ofc;iAce as LIGHtPOETEI or~ESSENElt,or in any rinnilar capacity. Clinrecor snxeetioabe. iret o G B., Messra Eagleton and Co:s, IA NA2TED, bare e ctal tradesman's daughiter, W . from the cuty g 0 SITUATIION to set-ve in a Perlin wool, dyer's, confectnes,obaes shop,, or any occupation not me.- nial. Salary buts a eodr onsideration, Address A. B., Phillips's library. lieLubigh-lc,Pmio W~ANTED by a respectable y,oun person, a SITU- TVATI ON as D _0El R iAI&IMA ID, o~r toassti confectioner', shop. Has been. used to thbe business and can givre both town and coduitry leferences A-ddres 1, IL IL, 64, HLampden-street, raddington, ~A NA' TED, by a highly repeutable -young woxnn,-,a WVSITUATION in a, confectioncer' shop, or Attendant to anrafreshment table at a railway elation. hIL-s b-ern in the businiess, and ca,n h we,ll recommended from herlastsiatuation. Address A. B., posto1fice. Mildenball, Suffolk, W~ANTED by ayoung man, from the country, TVage 24, a as'ATO Ji (XIOR CLERKI, or Warehousemnan. iNot having been similarly engaged, ouldacceptof aeniuairemunieration at first. Ha nwedge of bookkeepiag by doaible enitry. Address to IW. T., 12, Gren-ali, olland-tee,luckssrinrs. ~~ANT D, fr 12month cerain5 by a quiet, VVfn,i-,witoutchldrn, FRNiHEDCOTAGE, with garen, re. wthn 1 hurs isanc fomLodon, Rent from £74 tane fom sttionotobjcte to Ad res_K Mr. W. T. Clark's, 'I~TA TE , o ID E kiiA for three months certuin, VT erhps our aSCHOOSER YACUT, of from 12-0 tDol50tons, f6r hanel ruiing tobe fbitted and ninumed, the master andl crew pai bytheownr, ndready at Cowes by the Sth of Mlay next. For term ofagremen aplyto Caipt 2;rownc R.1e., Royal Yacht Squadro Clb-huse Coes,Ise of Wight. 1IA-NTED, Feurnished, a good-sized SiTTI?,tLU Uund vTv TWO-lED ROOMS on a first or gresnd iloer. for a lady and gentlematn ansi youth. Terms not to exceed 2,ie. or Ills. per weekz, in-eludingu attendance, fire, cooking, bootcleaung kc. Nelghbourhoodof iRegeut's-park ,,r St. Johns-woo preferred.Address, witxfoll particular,, to IR. G., care. of Mr. Gravatt. ItL King-street. Cheapside. WANTED, a respectable young w,oman, as GENEWR AL. SERVANT in a cquiet s;mall prvate famuly, fouir miles out Of town. Respectability of more importance than experience in the cooking, which is very plain. Good personal character indispensabille. -Age not under 25. Liberal wages. The lady will beat 16;Hig-h1iot- br,,on Saturday. from 1t to 3 oeclock, 'ATAN TED), for three or more years, witihin a mnodeVT rate and easil accessible distance of London. say flapspteaa, -Richmiond, Not-wood, &c., a detaened HOUSEf. to contain seven good bed. rooms, dining room, pacloar, draw%ing room, libirTy, servantsl rooms, &c., anid with aL garden attached theureto, Address W. W., 4, Queen's-gardens, Bayswater. ~TANTED,a middle-aged lady, to act as HOUSETV KEEIfR, ad to t-ake Th.e rtir,, management of three little girs, etwen he gesof four and eight, in the family of a widower, The ostunecepionblereferences will be required anud given, Applyto Z..Mr.Illbsrsens,stationer, Seaname lIst-our, Durham3, staingag prcios ccuatin.and-talary required. - IATANTED, o RtENT or P1URCHASE, Withinl 20 TV mies o Lonon, andrnears station , acomfortable FAMILY RESDENE,wit theegoo titigroms,10orl2bedroomr,coach. houe,stahn. sc. an god arens SilgraveL South-Western Railwy preerre. Addess o Y. I., r. icihts. Albion-Idame IITANTED, y a trustwvorthy middle.aged ManLof TV god ddrss,a SITUATION either inan oflicor countinghoue, o eterordrs,collect, Ax., br in any other capacity where- the dutes religt nd esonsblltyreuird.Ho writea a good hand, -Canbe hghl recmmened,and herethoduties are light and situatio pemannt smll alay olyrquied,Address B3.ii.17, Princesstreet,Comrilra,Wtro-rde - WVAN TED.-A TRAVELLER, taking the eastern and midland counties and South Wales callig upon d-rapers, and doing business for a highly -respectable linen house for-the last four years, is desirous of mieeting with a CO'MMISSIO N in a plain drapery trade on the same ground. Unexceptionable references can be given. Apply by letter, pre-paid, to F. S., 120, Wood-street, Cheapside. ~ITATED,to PURCHASE, an ESTIATE, with or VT withou a r~e .in one of the mpidland counties, that wiM offer a fair retues for £10DD toMADI.0. Asthisemanatesfrom a genLtleman anxi.os to mak an early investment, it is reqemeeted that all answers villdest in details ind flgsa-ei well describe situation, and accommodation of house (if any). Itiauust-be.a propertydltforage-ntleman, and the value of which ce be certifcedby any reputable land valuer. Address 1OCS..W., E;sq..209. Piccadilly. IIANTED, at or before Alidsummer, a genteel VWHOUSE or COTTAGE (detached preferred), within a few miles from London-bridge Railway Tessnint, Must contain dining, dressing, andthrec bed rooms, servants ditto. kitcheni. and usual offices; a good garden. For a suiitable residence a permanent and careful tenant will be found. Letters,with full particulars, and valking distance from the local station, will have due attention. Address AL. M, care of-Mdr. Bowles, stationer, 71. Mark-lane. WANTED, directly, a number of LADIES andl WGENTfLEMIEN, in town or country, for the niew and easy work now beng soextenively sed fr allkindsof artistic and useful puposs i Eglad nd brad,laelyexibiedin the New York and Pari Exibiions Reereces ive. Asmall premium required. Appl, fom ow nti th en oftheensingmonth, personally or by leter,daiy, ro 10til 7.Ealy pplcatonis strictly necessary to Mr.Lawenc's howroos,24,Chslote-sree,Fitzroy-square near Eathone-laee estblised 140. he at taghtby letter. VA-NTS a SITUATION, as a PLAIN COOK, VW where a housemaid it kept. Can have a tw-u years' good character. Apply to A. It., S. White Lion-buildings, White Lion-street, .Islington. *VASHIN G %WANTED-one or more famillies'-by AddressX Ys..16. Queen-street, Kong'r-road, Chelsea, IIASHING WVA_NTED, by a respectable laun-dres, TIwith every convenience Charges nosierate, with good referhuces if required. Address to E. H.,,at 13, Dorset-place, Old St. Panemas-road. V~ASHING WANTED, by a respectable widlow on TV reasonablo terms, for the support of herlittie children. Direct td A. B., care of Mrs. Wright, 13 a, Essewx-street, River-t-errace, Islington, W'AANTS a SITUATION, a young person, aecus-18 VTtomed to attend in a shop; speaks French fluently. Thej shoe tr-ade preferred, having a thorough knowledge, but would not object to any other business that may offer, inx town or elsewhere. Address H. W., at 'Mr. Petit's. ladies' shoe warehouse, 122, Regent-street. W IIASHING WANTED, by an experienced latun- V dress. Good drying ground and plentiful supl of water .Horse and earltkept. Direct toA. B., poet-office,H-anwel, Moiddlesex' W ~ASHING WANLTED, by an experienced lauiteentire management of a. noblemaefs laundry for years,and can be highly recommended. ILarge drying groundIs, and well suppule with Ntater. Address . B.,217, St. A mn's-road north,Notting-hiI ~;ASHING.-Clapham-common.-WANTED, one VT or two families' WASHMIG , by a laundress of 20 years' experiehee with a goo drggond on the common, and supply of water. Noobjecto tocotac. w horse andcart kept. Address XI -Whelham. 5 , Polygon-buildings, ClaPham-common. W ATAbH.NLG.--WA-N TED byan experienced person,~ IV family's WASHINIG: hasanuexcellent laundry, large drying Jsund, plenty of water, and every other convenienoe for the getting up of linen. Address Mrs. Itandle, 1, Globe Villas, Latimer-road, 2-lotting-hill. WASHING WANTED, by an old-established wlaundress, havingaspacious laundry~.and fulycapable of getting linen up in the best possible manner, at mnoderate prime; clear starchilag, goffer-ing, Frenich and small plaiting. Address to Mrs Procter, -lauindress. 13. South-street. ing's-road, Chelsea. WASHING WANTED, by a well-established and -g odlundress. All kinds of plating and goffering got up in he irs stle.Good drying and bleachig grounds, and good supply of water. Cart in town daily. Moderate in prices. Good reference is,giren. Address lIfE. H. Calton Villa. l renley-road,Notting-hiLl 1~ASHING.-WA.NTED, by avery good laundress, VTwho can be well. recominended, one or two good families'. singlo gent~lemen's. orrespectab.leschools' VASE[INIG. Has everyoconvenience required. No chtwocal process used. Addres A. B.. 46, Cochirno-terra6e, Regent's-perk, St. John's-wood. ~ATASHING-WANTED,by a respectable VT aunres, ne r to fmiies, htel',or single men's WASHEING.Gooddryng goun, an god suplyof water. Can be hLighly recmmededbylades he owwors fr.On the most reasonable term. Hrse nd artin twn wicea wek,Direct to B. C., 4. - ~AT SHIG-*VANJTED, by a respectable lasse- ry drss, oe ortwo families'WASHI,NG. Pla binSngs and ebulpre'selohe, I. er orn. asno 'sectonto hotels, Has agoo)d tryng roud ad eeryhin covenentforthe business. Care taken, andsen hme orrcty. artintow twcea week, A good referenc gien f rquied.-. H S. 12 PudayCottage, latimer-road. i2IOVRNESS-A Swiss Protestant lady, daughter of a offcerwishs a E-EGAGEENt. Ste has an extremey $od metod o -teahin erman(acqire I Dresden, and Frech,inPars) Shisisoe~ nfrindialioteybranchesofa good edcaton.Goo Engishrefrenes.Adldress to A. F., at Wr. (LtO ERNES.-Ayoun lad, wo hasresided some time n th coninen, andexpeiencd intuition, is diesirous of an ,NGAEMEN asaboe, dily oceeical,or weekly resident. Her aquirment arethe nctih, Fench and Italian languages, muse,;rining an th ruimets f dawig.Address F. Gi., 26, DAILY GOVERNESS.-WAI{TED, at Richmond, - a LADY, posesig agood knowledge of music and French, t instruct two childrn, seven years ofa6ge. She will be required toconoj~ at 9, walk and dine withbher pupils. remaining tHilialf-past5. Salary #,= po sP42um. Adttrc*t A, P3., Hiscok-e's libray, RjgbL9pnd, Surrey. fAILY GOVERNESS, in Hamnpstead or St. John's. D Wood.-A lady is ?kniusi to fOrm a RB-ENXGAGE_MThT arn abo.e. She teaches musiC. Parisian French, Oerman, Englbis, drawing, and psaintlng- Address Signia, Mi1tchierr, pos"t-fice, Hamsoptead. D~AILY GOVjRNESS. -A young widow !adWrIgo GAGa1MEyT.-serChelt&a~ S-he tebde. Engs,ls.French (acquired! fln.PaMi. muic. and Ita&lian. Ra8rtn5 unexceptiouable._Acid-em or iIU§CALGOVERNEsS.-A e- aud Italian. Address Is. V., M'r. Erus 7.Bake i f p ujijej luquare D gshs oraheM HYde-park-squane. AILY~ GOVERNESS.-Alayepri j -M ition. whu ciai ollerreher rhnceag taugh ltar s'use 3-ars, will shortly require a R NAIMIN e i afbrnons.Sheteacies,music, Parisian French rwn,adEg -lish. The neighbourhood of Haptead preferre.Adrs Toet-office High-street. Hfampstead. d,emn,Italian. 2uscAla.ech ed The vicinity of the parks or hiayswaeprerd,btnobroclt ,objo.cted to. Tine lady would reide erhrppl,Ecletrfr -,senes.-A. B., Mrx. Luckhurssts, sttoe,Qens-od lutn 'J A&LYL GOVERtNESS or AMANUENSIS.-A ..LV lady, ofn.imih experience, aud writh high testimonials, whose4 iii.runmgs 3.r metSpied ini tuition,.vishes tonteet with an ENGAGE. IIfENT as AFMINOuN or OCCASIONAL GOVERNEfSS. She woulduz,dertake the educatiou of a lorelguTor adult pupil, or set- an Amanuensis, Le, to a lady. Addres A., Greeisf library, Chicheste. Place. Westbourne-terrace north. T'AIor RtESIDENT GOVER19E4SS.A You-g . lady, who wili be disengAgedl at the endof this month. desires a RE-ENGAEM.ENTas above. Undertakets t t)Uehlthe usuaLlroutine 04Enlih with wrisiet, and arithmetic, French, music, Latin, Greek, and rudiensofGennan. Hlas had experience inteachnug,. dcaa lgire satisfactory releremis.e Address Y. Z., post-offlce, lieusingfod. ESIIENT GOVKRNESS.-A l4adv wAishes for 'r LIE-ENGA:GEMNt=T in ik family. N-o objectUion to travel. Ao. cdmnlimhuint-Gerumn, French, and music,- -Addreig-B,. C i23, HarthanrtrestChel;6d-> "s -D ESIDENT GOV-ERNESS.-A vouing lady who II,i can be highly recommended, desiesa .ItE-EN(lAG1Z5[ENT where the pupils are under 12 She imports a uperlorlEnglish educa=ti'n,ad 'instructs in music. ginging, French, and the rdimentg or Gtrrn au ad tatian. Terms z=-L .& -Messrs. Cramer, Beale,and C2,21,0 Begent-street, D)ESID)ENT GOVrERNESS.-A young lady-, aged .Lt) 22. who hasgresided several years in Germany. and seaks the latignua,slnuentlT, is desirous of aRE-EN\GAGEMENT as abovei nme near London, where.he would be made one of the faintly. Sh i capable of imparting a thtorough Enctish education, with French. Gdersuan, sxusis (in whichi she excel) au ign Salary £0. Ad-' d*eAssY. Z.. 10, Sutherland-square (south sd),k WafwortI. Lb ESIDNT GOVENESS.-Alady,of considerable Of i,udnn.Shocanode a efeenc ofnearly chree years, during whuih erid se ustrrte he puilsliethe essentials to a souxnd Engis eucaio, ncldig rech,nusi, sngng an dawngfrom 1) ESID&ENT GOEN ,o TFra~vellingCon ispanion.-A youbg lady, of Supeiredcton andsousid religious ,rinsiples, hanving 1usd considerabl experience in leaching, wi&hes to meet with a R&Jc!GAGEM&N'T a above. In additiout,.Engrishis it6 variouLs branches, she teac-hes ±5rench and Gerutau tacniuired dluring al3ong residence on the continent). latin, music, and pen-cil drawing, Splsiy X70. Referen"es highlY satisfactory. Address L. Xn P., 1, -Grove-hill Camberwell, Surrey, immisediately, in a smlallbts1c IIsitsblsrmnt,well-educated lady,. as EN'GLISh UEEE nutundr 1, f ceeruland amiable disposition, anda ebroth tlhechof fugsus, Se ill he required to sekFec leiy n -ljORNING GOVERNESS-A ady waishies a RET ELEFNGAGVMINT as aboet, for three or four hours tinily, withinL a mile of the Marble-arch. She undertakes to inshtruct. thoroughly in English, French, Geruman. and music, Address Bl. F.. Mmtash-allhi librury, Edgeware-road, Hyde-park. JIjfOLNTING GOVEItNESS.-A L-ady ~dchires a R1>E. LLENGA(l ,ET as above. She is capable ofimatingasoi laseh educ.tion, French and German (acquired in 1Paris und DIresden), also music and drawing. Terms mnoder,tt. Adidress to H. L., Stephens' library, Albany-street. Ilegenit'spark. -jINISHING'a GOVERNESS.-A laedydesires a RE-. .L' ENGAGEMENT ina noblemaunksor gentlemau's Lousily,. Qualid cations, English in its u-uat brandies, French, GSerman, (acquired in Paris and UierniuaiyJ Itniliau. the piano and singing. Addrcss,J. B,, SchottV4 imusic publisber, llegeut-street. FLDNISHIING DAILY GOVERNESS.-A lady-,of -L talet and lonjg experience in good fauiliecs. is open to adthtional 1WGAGE%MENTS. She instracts ln English literature, langeage (acquired ab.road). drawing and painting, harp Pianoforte, and ting&ing-s-tuidied under thetirst masters it.A. Terms frsos£4Dpeannum. PrzsvAte lessons. Address Rtho, 19, Bath-place, New-road, Fitzroy-square. 1jLNISHING O RN S.A ld,25yaso F.agie. who can he highly recommended, ItEQUiRLSe an 1ENGAGP. ILNTas JtESIDEST nIOVEIWESS in a noblemnausa or gentleman's fasiayl. Inuaddition toan English edUCation BIn iTsariousbranches, she teaches French, German, Italian, mnusic, singing, and thermdimetnts ofLatin and drawing. Terms from SO to 100 guineas. Addregs A. C., p;ost-offlce. Vtplei lserkeley-street west, Hyde-park,. MENt. Se daws n aarius ad efecivestylee and instructs thorougi3-in he sralbrache Otn liglihedcaton.Address V.G., careof M. Geen,boosellr, 1 Cucheser-lacs tstbourne. 1ViNGIASH TEACHER WANTED, mirs INorning 324 Scho,ol in 1slington.-She w1ould be rr'snired to attend dlaily from 1IQWclock tillS Athorough knowledge of arithmetic anid the globes indisp.nsable, and ,oaue little knowledge of music and drawing. A young lady dssirous of improving herself would hea preferred, as she wondhae enire o.eceveurioussoFrechandnmu-sic so jart payment for her ser-ices. Address G. IL., post-ollise, UlJler-strect, lSiington. DRIVrATE LESSONS REQUIREDIin FRENC~H, PJiano,% Singing. Drawing, and Dancingfor two young ladies,ryesiaing at the west end of Londlon. Attenidanzce wilberequnired atleast three days in the week,~ and an engagement made for instruction in either one or more of these accomplishments. For French preference willr! begientoanative. Address, full particulars and termis, to B. . , os-oliee Hampstead. * UPERIOR DAILY GOYVRNES.- lay,wh instructs without mssters, has three altermate dayvs disengaged. She is qualified to impamrt a sound English education, wills music, French. drawing, Italian and German.-AL 2,1 G., Williams's, 19, Conduii-street, Westhourno-tes-aca. S UPERIOR ~4) MOR_NIG or AFTERNOON *-3GOVEIINESS.-German French, Italian, English, sod Drawing, without _Mastvrs.-A gentlewoman, educated on the continent, an excelent linguist, haTing concluded a loig ENGAGEMENT, wishes to formh anotther. Her mnethod is easy and agreeable, and ensures fluency in foreign languages and general acquinmtnce with literature. High references. Termus moderate.-Z.D., Griffeth's. statmoner. Baker-street. SCHOLASTIC.-A GENTLEWVO1A_N, long ac- customed to the care and education of young ladies, is desirous of ENTERING a first-class SCHOOL. where the lady principal, from declining health or other cause, wishes to be relieved frma the duties of the schoolroom. She is thoroughly competent tIs talke the entice management of the establishment, regulation during study hours peparation for miasters, ke.. baving condLucted a large school with great success foir many years. The highest testimonials can be presented. liberal salary expected. Address pre-paid, znd slating name, &c., I, X,rrf MIr. Onwhbys, I., C-atherine-street, Strand 1A2iAMBERWELL.-GERMJAN_, Frenceh, and IMusic _ TAUGHT, in prieate lessons, by a German. lady. Addres to C. it., Grifflhs-, post-office, Camberwell-green. 1¶DUCATION.--WANTED iammecliately, for a JLlades' school, aCATHOLIC GOVykRN.ESSI French or F~yisgla to assist in the domlestic arr-angemnents, hear the children practise, andL inake herse!lf generally uiseful. For address apply to Mr. Itnowles, 16, -Conduit-street, Westbourne-terrace. Li ujige Afod s ranat e l'llmad, rotestante,qu dipflm -t d cetiicas, isre bteiruneSITATON dana unao fdrill oudaa sn isttut S'drese sos isnitiales L. W., Wa hittes ifrachis, Mr.Woowdl, sttioer,62, Bermers-stroeet artade ineiter f teselanuags. efeencs to families of dislintio. Adrss t, , dr.Thiom', fregn bookseller, 3, Brook- N O SA ARY.- wido ladyof inany years expe- P n er'eprience in mtuliltiton, OFEShr astI nd vas fapuily,f wher othefidren mastresyoung thre daft esrnousonsincthrwekaltgernatrielyi on i theaccommodationof a ml imo OE,ofLeLwihm wlchicth she isoinich- emediaterWat,e plturned y instlments, iesecabLewireference. P SIAOORT TEACIO R.-A lady, acusomhad ha of th fis mses ftea,isdsroso inreasighefr cPnnpio& Ihthe neighbourhood of Hackney, DlOsston, tStoke New-ington, sad Stamiford-hill preferred. Address A.B.C.. S.,Iosebersy-place-Dalston. T HE Friends of a YOUNG LADYwish to rneet with Ta SITUATION for her as JTUNIOII TEA.CLER in a schooL, She it competent to instruct the younger puisi_nglish, French, andI music. Salary not an object, Addres& 1.G. ,, acMfichael's library, King's-road, Chelbea TPHE WIDOW of an OFFICEER, of acknowledged JL talent, a fiaished singer, a proficient in drawing, a good flnguist, andof solid English education, wishes to INSTRUCT in a gentlemanzs familyvin retuen for ahome for herselfand little .daughter. References exchanged.. Address Bel6a.5,Gerr rd-street, Ilaisston THE friends of a YOUNG GE,RMLAN CATHOLIC LTADY wish to mneet wich a SITUATION for hier ima school or -famiy She can teach German.musmic. and shingng, with the rudi- mens f Frenh -which she speakLs fluently. Address dl. V., Griflths, stationer. S. Bkr.street, rtiO ARE eT atd GUARDIANS.-A lady, re- being anxious as well as comnpetent to direct anid inluioLnc another beneficially. Sheisan excellent English,.Fren3ch, andltallait scholar, and a, frst-rate musician. Addre-ssC.A.&, irbys,l15,Oxford-street. r~oCLERGYMEN and NATIONTAL SCHIOOL T.MISTRESeES.-A PUILPH TEACKEII, respactably connected, ,j"ltfinishing hersecoord.year of Oppresticeshiipixinn otnustychool, clergymoan she isao udr Address to A. B., care of dIr. HambLeten, 27, Little ulUteney-street, Golden-square. AGERMAAN LADY, an erminent)pianiste, who has Axtudied under Chopin and Xalkbreoner, is desirous to add to the nupuber of her PUPILS. She can refer tu many his,h families in3 England, where she has instructed to their highest aatisfactiun.-T. D). t,, Mfi: Lornsdale's, 26. Old Blond-stret. ALADY wishes for an ENGAGE-AMENT as MOR.,- IANG GOVEIRNESS, in the nteighbourhood of Claphans-park, Bsrixten-hill, or Streatham. She is rompetenittoteach Euglish,Fxench, andmnusic. Address T.2dL, M'rsPoweirll's.Benrepository,2, M&edumplace. Brixton-hill. A SWISS PROTESTAINT LADY wishes for a RE- -t1ENGAGEMEN'T in a nobilesawn's or gentlemau's family. She is quite ompetent toimpart asolidlEnglish education, with French. Is welivrersed in literature, and can asinerintend the practising of music. The highest references given. Addres-s A. Z,, the Rtesidence for Governesses, 19 A. Osnabexgh-gtreet, AYOUNG LADY accustomedto ttmition, wishies to gve ISTISCTIOin MSIC,F~renca &c.. br a family wher th chldrn ae uner 0 yarsof ge.The nieighbourhood of Pormsnsqnre nd locste-plce oul bepreferr.ed. The highest refeencs cn h gien. ddrss . I., areof Mr.n Egiey, bookseller, intstruction m French (acquired in Paris), nls,msc acing,an thecalisthenie exercfses eevspuisi h evening at her own residence. Unexceptionable references, Address, B. M. 22, Graftoin. 'street east, Tottenham-omurt-road. LADYis nxius t obainfora youn- friend, A whm se hghlyestems a STUAIONas &lOVlA?lNESS for youn chidre undr 1, ina failyin wichearnest audI faithful dis. chare o duy, nd he afecionte ncucaton of Christian principles, wouldhe aprecited. ddres L. ,1, I.,ost-office, B3imlnops.oad, ASWLH5SPROESTANTLADYmuch aocutstomed to uiio, wshs o ete afamlyasGOVERNESS. She is full cepetutt tech Fenc, te uualbraches of a sound education wit therudientsof Grman AddessB. W., Griffith's, sta-
L ONDO.N GENERAL OMNXIBUS COMPAN"Y.- B'RET and ANY PARLT of LONDO_N for ONE FAIZ by Correspondence. On and after Mouday. Ayril 14, Passengers may De conTeyed fronm Barnet, Whetstone. Finelrey, and Higbgate. to the tim. :dermentionedpartsof London, at the following fares:- Front Bamnet . . . Inside is. Mi. Outside Is. Cd. Whetgltene Turnpike *. - Is. Gd. - Is. Gd Yin-cbley and High-lgate - is. od. - Is. Od. Ps~mngvs cang Omibues t Hghbry.for Holboru. Strand, Wesminte. Lndn-bide. encurh-sret, it-rod.and Bank; - at-the ngel Isligton forNew-oad, egen-stret. iccadilly. 25ae~¶rqmnn.~ orrspodenc mut ak the conductor for From hintt Week Days Whetstonc Turnpike.. - &S 9.0 4. 6 rinchley .. . . al3 9.51 4.3? 6.57 Higbgate (Archway-zoad) .. &10 9.33 4.65 7.25 Highbury-corner .. .. 557 10.3 5.10 7.40 Angel, Islington 9. . 3 10.15 5.20 7.60 Prom,t Ps-te 123 410 6.1 &10 Angel, Islington 1220 4.20 6.20 &20 Highbury-cormer I. . 2.30 4.30 6,10 8.10 Hgtt(rchway-road) .-12.40 4.40 6.40 4,40 Fuiebley - 1~~~~.3 5.3 73 9.3 Whetston Turnpik.. .. 125 5.25 7.25 9.25 Barrnet .1.40 SAG0 7-10 9.A0 Passngers many also be booked at the Company's office. 465 Strand. to Barnet. 2rc, by the omDnibuses leaving there at 11.60 a.mn.. 3.50. 5.50, and 7.50 p.m- They will. however. be booked conditionally on there being room in the Barnet omnibss at the Peacock, Islington. where th'~7 nil have to chanrge. C-orrespondlence tickets wil not be issued on Sundays or holidays, nor will the aboye fares apply. A4zent at Baruet, J1. Em-enet. Salisbury Arms Tavern. O~ce 414 Strnd, prilBy order, A. G. CHiURCH, Secretary. T1.51ERIAL HOTEL COMPANY, Trafaloar- 2L square. aLiability limited.) Capital, £1,000,Mf, in 100,000 shares of £10 each_ ThIJITEES. Charles Mann-ers Lushington, 1Faq..MP., Mamifield-street, Portland- ;lar W.3. eFarrer, REsq., F,', Liaooin's-inn.delds Wilbrahami Taylor. Escq.. Radio1 Hur.,t. Barnet. PROVISIONAL COMMiUTTEE. H0on. Wiilamn Ashley. St. James's Palace Charles Balfour, Esq. (Balfour and Co.), 19. St. Jamees~street ; Cleve- land-terrace. Ryde-park; and Edinburgh T,eut.-Colonel Barnett, 10. WVilton-crescent ltichard Bluashard, Esq.. I, Somereet-terrace. Belgrave-road Director of the Stainies and Wokinchamn Railway J. P. Bull, REsq. (Bull and Wilson). 52, St. Xartines-lane ; and Arling- ton House, Turlham-green. Richara Davis, F-sq. 9, hI. Helei's.plwce; and Aberdeen-place, Black- heath. George Hfarbury, Esi7. (Wood, Field, and Hanbury), 26, Mark.tane; 1-nd 2. HysIe-park-esitare. 3EHenry Ludlow. sq,Oriental Club. IS. EH.aaover-equare. William Marsden, Esq., 65, Lincoln's-ian-fields; and Coombe Wood, Surrey. James Stuart Talk. Esq., Leicester-oquare; andI Claremonlt Cottage, Colonel George Underwood. 12, Sussex-terrace. Hy[de-park., Director of the Screw Steam Shipping Cornp ny. Mfnjor-Getieral WVatkinLs East India United Service Club, 14,St James's-square. (With power to add to their number.) Bnk-ers-Coutta and Co., 59. Strand; Barclay, Bevan, Tritton, andl Co.. 54, Lombard-street. Solicitors-C. and H. Hyde. 33. Ely-place. The TImperial Hotel Company has been formed, with limited liability. under the A ct of last Session, for the purp 3se of building aL large hotel, on the principle of the great Hotel do Louvre,r ue Rivoli. Paris. P'arliament having purchased a site for a new National Gallery at Kensington, the site and adjacent gzrdundow occupiedby the National Gallery. Traflitgar.square is. in every rset, one of the finest and most appropriate that could be selected inLndaon for such an hotel. As investmentts for capitol such undertakings have proved highly suece.saful. The leaiding carsitalists in Europe and America hiave unxited in promoting thiem. Th-e Great Western Hotel in Londoit. on the same principle, has proved to, be a highly remunerative investment', the net profits in the last divMron were 31 per cent, per annum, anci the div-idend laid was at the rate of e25 per cent. ner annum. The shares have about doubled in Talue, and, although it has not been in Operation two years. it is too email to mneet the daily applications for accommodation. The profits of thelImperial HoteL,from its spro situntiun and many other advantages. will be at least equal to teme lucrative undertakings of a similar nature. A Bill giving powems to the Company, with reference to the site int Trafalg-ar-square, has been road a second timne in the Houtse of CornMOUS. An inistalment of £2 per share is required to obtan complete rgs tration with limLited liabilty, but shoutdthat or the site not be obtainied the deposit wfi be retuxned to the shareholders, less a sum not exceeding Is. per share on account of expenses. Aplications for shares may be made, in the annexed form, addressed tothe Brokene, Mles.vs. Helbert, Wagg. and Co.. 1. Shorter's-court, Throgmortoz;-street: or Messrs Blarneitt Ellis, and Co.. IS. Finch-lane - Or to the Secretary, 4,%Whitehall ; but no application wll be cousiderec unless a deposit of 41 for. each share is previously made with Messrs. Coat's and Co. 590 Strand - or Mese.Barclay, Devan, Tritton, and Co.. Lornbard-st'rett. the 1Banieera f the ComPanyW. Thins deposit will be carried to the credit of the instahacat of X1. per share payable after allotmnent, and will be repaid in the event of the application not being acceded to; andl no further call wil be zradeuntil the agreements for the Purchase of the site have been settled. Frospectuses and forms of application for shares may be obtained of the 'rkMs or the Secretary. IL. DAVIDSO.N, Secretary. Ofices, 4, Whitehall. Form of Application for Shares. To the Provisional Committee of the Imperial Hotel Company. G-entlemen.-I have paid £- to your bankers, and I request you to allIot me - shares of £1I0 each in the capital stoclk of the Imperial HotelCompny, nd Iherey agee t accPt the samne or any less numbr tht my beallotedto m, topaythe instalment of zs pe shae aloted a toexeut th ded o sttlement when required to do o; nd,in he ven o myfaiuretheein Ihereby agree to forfeit the epost mae wih th baners,and uthrise you to cancel thLe allotment, Name ~ ............... Address.................. Date ............... .... AJSR's OLEFIANT GAS COM,NPA_NY. (Lnfedt.-Cipital £5G.0OG. in 5,030 shares of £10O each, withx powemr to increase. Provisionally registered, pursuant to the 7th and 8thx VIt,chap 110, and the Limited Liabil"~ Act 125. George Sinclair Brodie. Faq., late of Melbourne. Victoria. Arthur Hathaway, Esq.. Madras CivilService, Wimbledon, Surrey. Archibald.NMacnaught, Esqs. (Macnaught, Tliomaz, Robuertson, and Co.). Banksile. Southwark, and rue defl)ouai. Parin. William R-irhandson. EFa-., MLD.. late Royal Artillery. Woolwich. L'leut.-Col. Yorke. Assistant Aditutant-General R.E., Chatham. With Power to add to their number. Manaer-i-. ame Hanor,2. Prtlnd-lace, Wandsworth-road. Engiecr-fr.Jame Bad Maton 31,Blofield-street, Westbourne- Consuting oyasit-Phll~ BrnardA~F-s,Fq., M.D.. Laite Professor of Cymitry Corin-~rss osptal 6,Upper Portland-place, Soiitr-essrs. Atchison and Hathaway, 3S. Lincoin's.bin-fields. Bankers-The Union Bank of Lo)ndon. Gas obtained from olcaginioun substances has lonig been knoam to POSsess an illumninating power far exceeding that of ordinary coal gas, Outitsrenraladotio ha hihero benprevented by the want of any racica andecoomial mtho ofproducing it. Hansor's Olefant as Cmpan hasbeenformd fo tie pursTese of Introducing intounIersa us, uner he rotetio of ettrsatout, ani entirely new ethd fr te podutionof lluinainggasfrom oleaginous Thne principal defect in the oldI process, which was similar in principle to that used in the manufacture of Coal Gas, vas; the necesszity of employing a very high temnperature, causing boti great waste of matonial and also consiFderable loss from the frequent breakages and heavy wear and tear of the apparatus, andl this defect was Increased by the ditliculty of ascectaining and regulating the temperature actually cmployedi, and the ecens~,zezzt necessity for great experience and skil ol on the part of the operator. By the new process the temperature is reduces by at least 600 degrees, andl by a simple mechanical contrivance is readlily ascertainetl and regulated. The result is a very considlerable saving in material, fuel, and time;, while, from the smallness of sire and simplicity of cons'trsction. the farst expense of the apparatus is greatly reduced. The a-bove advantages are entirely independenit of the great reduction of expense effected by the usEe of a new material which the patentedt apparattus enables the CompanY to employ, and by the use of which the principlG reduction in the cost of the gas in effected. This material is composed of a cheap and abundant v-egetable substance, in combination with a refuise cbymical matter, of which the supply is must ami,lr. and the value hitherto merely nominal. The redution of expense consequent uponL the above Improvements is such, that, after adding to the cost of Production, a large per cenlage for profits to the Company, both on the apparatus andl toe material, the cost to the conssumer for a Perfectly pure and brMiliAnt light. depositing neither sulphur, soor, nor any other impurity, wil be less tan one-filth of that of oil ; the cost per fight, after allowing for interest on outlay, working expenses and repairs, will not exceed onie half-penny per hoer, each of such lights being equal in Illuminating power toD nine snermaicets candies. The apparatus can be worked by any man-servant;- and in ordi. nary eotablishment.s aweekes consm=ption could be made at once. The operation is simple anidcleanly, and isnot accomnpanied by either smell, smok-e,or annoyance of any kind. The above statement is based iponl the results of actuaLl experience, and is also fully borne out by the Opinions of emiinenit scientific gentlemen, beth engsnetrs and chymisto, who hav-e witneossed the procese and reported on thle advantages' ofthe~ invenition. Theseopinions have been fullycorroboratedby the analytical report of Dr. Letheby, to whom thie subject has been recently submutted by the Directors. It is not intended to compete with coal gas companies, lbut rather to supp ly establishments where, from the distanice of coal gas work s or froma objection to its impizritios, ordinary coal gas is not lik-ely to be Introduced. Country churches, noblemneres and gentlemen's houses. rala tations and barracks, mnanufactories ana warehouses for deiaef1abrics, will afford. the principal field for the Company's operations in.this country. and a comniderablo amount of business has already been developed from these sources. The foreign andI colonial business of the Comapany has also lshown that the invention only requires to be known to ensure a v-ery large and Profitable emPloyment for the capital of the Company in quarters where the want which' the Company is intendled to supply is felt even more strongly thail in this country. The Directors hav e concluded arrangements with the Patentee for the exclusive benefits arising from. the inventions, and by as these ar- rAngeensthe remunperatione ofll thepatenteein made arincipall dephendiaent upn te amountr of the cmpiany'spoits may lare preuime,inar outlayfrh prhs of itherpatens wilotlbes tavoddn h sixmnh:thricest mcontyhas beeo osoreofa every step of ersta the unetkn,and theX Compaenyt. ltu beeenabletowstar unftetamtere oya largeall preiminar adpendiue. Adepionsitfofr2lshaper soharme wib aal n the a llotmfrm adentsof thleCmays shaesladthcrminders af thei capitales,ia be rineoaquirnfed,in clls ofnI wts, pverst shae.a ithervlaofhno leesi cthans sux months:lathree tnnhae enotice13 widllb givernfofreachncall.tInteresta thoeedrate of £5e percet,e piercannu wil beallow'Oedfonth Gamos Cofpany caLlspitd in Apptlcantons frequst yos to bmadeo in the -sannexe form, addressed. Londo, whenI onderak to aee t the lgt spme, rcatnsy fllsspariulaers ofa may be allotted to me, and to execute the deed of settlement and to WaY the depogits and calls when required. Your obedient servant, Name................. Address................ Date ................. The following isna COPY of Pzofessor lethebys Report:- In accordance with the instructions which I received a few days since from 3Messrs. Atchigon and Hathaway, of Lincoln's-inn-fields, I icent on Friday and Saturday las,t to the residence, Of Mr. Hanisor, and examined the ssa which, as I was informed, had been mnade in tho way zplcilled in KGs patent of September the 19th, 1614. The5quantity of gas submitted to me for exmnto wsaot2 ^entul rte7tort hnon and bad beenx manufactured only a few htours' before I tested it.uc The specific gravity of the gas amounted to 0.626. atmospheric air beg I. Ordinary coal gas hasa density of about .412, and cannel gas of about .660; so that, to judge from this test, the qiality of the gas would appear to be exceedlingly good. The oW.=r of the gas is not so unpleasant as thatof coal gas, althouigh it is sufficiently marked to give due warning of its escape. The illuminating power wastested by means of two sperm candues, which consumed 256.4 grains of combustible matter per hotir; and these were calculated into the standard value of a single candle of 120 grains Per honr. The burners which were used were a No. 2 fish-tail, a No. 3 fish-tad, an Argand of 5 holes, having a 7-inch chimncy, and x~W!afield. The following areth ressita obtained: Consumption of Pressure iIlluminating rower in Burner. GasupeHou F Sperm C0andes of 120 in Cubic Feet. ofGs risCnuption, No. 2 Fish-taSl 13 cb. f 9 2 ,u,fees. Windeld .. SO 0 ., 39 3 These show that the ilulminating p)wer of the gas is remarkably great, in fact it is abont the same as that of rich cannel gas, and it is nearly twice as good as that of ordinary coal gas. The chymical quality of the gas was found to be equally satisfactory for when tested, acconding to Mr. Lama ThomPson' ln ihasli tionof bromine, it yielded 14 per cent, of condnsible h o-rCommon coal gas, giving about 4 S per cent, of it. It contained 3 cent. of carbonic acid, and nearly 2 per coot, of atmospheric air. Roth of these Impu,rities are objectionable, because of their tendency to lower the Illuminating powerof the gas, and, as they are easily got rid Of, illis smrmifet that tile phomotnosi results are not as high as they lniht hav e been. The gas waks sEghtly alkalne in its reaction, from the presence of mrncuia.a compound wvhich might be readily and profitably eotrac,tesi Lstly, it was found that the ga3s was perfectly free from sl- 6,hritSed drn ogun jantdevery otber sulphur compound. Theproducts ~ it cobuston re tereoreentireIy devoid of sulphurous and sul- The sumay ofmyrt L-,5 that the zgs hic I have examined is alsnt wic asgoot i mninating power an ordinary coal gas, and, from the ci Ofrnstan motfcontaining any sulphur compound, its chyrleaqulity(asregrdsthne Product of Its comnbustion!) is highly H.LETHRSY, M.B. Profemsor of Chymistry and ToxicoloyW in the Sfedicaml (Wege of the London Hospital and Chymical Reeree and .Officer of lemalth to the City of London, "'S~o 110ipita CGUt5et Jam , 2% 86 EQ'UITABLE FIRE OFFICE, Cannon-street. PlITremium in 184. £45,420; IiS, l53,500. VITRE GENERAL LIFE ASSURANCE.-Every M s descripionoflife smuranceeffected 23, Pall-malL London. W. BRIDGES Secrety. T AW LIFE ASSURACE OFFICE:, Fleet-street, ii Lo,dos. 7th April. 1856.- Notice is hereby given, that the DIVIDEhDS for the year 1855. on the shares in this Society, are now PAYABLE, any day between the hours of 10 arid 3 o'clockc. By order of the Directors, WlI,IAM SAMUEL DOWN ES. Actuary. IOVlEREIGN LIFE OFFICE, 49, St. James's- s street, L1ondon fou 8ded 1845. The Earl Talbot B. Bond CabbelL Esq., MIP. Sir Claude Scott, 1art 1 HenryrPoweall, Eq. This Compony oteTbe secuity of a large paid-up capital; modeTate rates of premium; exemption from all other charger. H. D. DAVE_NPORT, Sec, T11lE ASYLUM LIFE ASSURANCE OFFICE, s 72, Cornbill, todo: etalised1824. Policies on healthy and diseasd ives, at home and abroad, for civil, military, and naval einployrnents. The offlce bein on purely preprietary principles, no partnership among policy-holders is involved, For prospectuses, proposal papers, kc.. apply to .HtARLEY HO{)PKINS, Resident Director. ONSOLIIDATED LIFE ASSURAN'CE CO.N1- PANY, 45, Cheapside. London: established 18J6. Every description of life assurance business transacted. Polidels effected on tL, participating *cale of premiums before the 30th of September next will be entitled to paticipate in the second division of profits, vvhich wil tke place after the closing of the present year's rccounts. Loans granted on real orsunexceptionable personal security in connezion with life asuace. D. MACGILLIVRAY, Actuary and Secretary. NORWICH UNION LIFE INSURANCE 15 SOCIETY. President-Lieut.-Gen. Sir B. J. HARVEY, C.B. Secretary-Sir Samuel Bignold, MiP. Thil Society in 47 years has issued 29,34ifo polices. Paid in clais upwards of _4,431,044. and assigned £1,934,342 In bonuses. The accumulations now amount to nearly £2,200e000. Its premiums are lower than those of most companies, and all the profits are divided among the assured. For prospectusea apply at Survey-street, Norwich, and 6, Crescent, New Bridge-street. Blackfriars, London. A TLAS ASSURANiCE OFFICE, Cheapside, 15th of April. 1S56.-The Court or Directors hereby give notioe, that an EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL COURT of Proprietors will be held at the Company's House, in Cheapaide. on Tuesday, the 6th day of lMay next, at 11 o'clock precisely, for the purpose of Electing a Director in the room of Jaines Willianm Ogle, Esq.. deceased. The baalot, if demanded, will commence at 12 o'clock and close at 4 o'clock. HENRY DESBOROUGH, Secretary. N.B. Proprietors are required to give notice in writing to the Secretwry, within 10 days from the date hereof of their intention to offer themselves as candidates to fill the present vacancy. MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE.-As the public lL are frequently nader an impression that certain offices haying what maybe termed "class titles,' are exclusively confined in their operations to persons comnmg under the denominition of such classes, the Directors of the PROVIDENTT CLERKS ASSOCIATION beg to inform the public generally, that they receive proposals, including every description of life assurances, annuuties, and endow;ments, from all classes of society. This Association wvas established in 140, ad offers important advan tages to assunrers By order of the Board, W?tf. TIfOS. LLNFORD, Secretary. 15. Moorgato-street, April 2.,1S56. nJHE ROYAL INSURANCE COMPANY have J EMlOVED to their temporary offices, 7. Pope's Head-alley opposite the Post-office, Lombard-street, during the rebuilding of their Offices. 29, Lombard-street. FireBranit-he ttal ee remimsor 1854 amounted to £128.4 lIe. L placing ttherComrpeamny a3motng the very largest fire offices int the kingdom. Life Bran -Large Bonas declared in 1855.-Two per cent. per annum on sums assured, equal, on theaverage, toO 80 percent. upon premiums paid on liveafrem ages of 20 to40, being one of the largest bonuses ever declared. PERCY hL DOVE, Manager. JOHNE . JOHNSTON, Secretaryto the LondonBoard. U NITY GENERAL ASSURANCE ASSOCIA- S TION. Chief offices, Unity-buildings, Cannon-street. city.-The Directors of this Association are aesirous of receivingAPPLICATIONS forLOANS, varying from£a100 to £30,000, on eligible personal or other securities,inconnexionxwithlifeasmranee. The oonsiderations which guide the Directorsare - L The respectability of the aptl1catlon. IL. Theundoubted responsibt'ityof each peopoedsurety. These considexations being provided for, adTancea will be made for L Anr seried from three months to fie yean .II. hicrate amount of insurance. mI Five per cent. perannum interese Applications for prospectusee, forms ofproposal, and all other Infor mation are requeteutd to be mnade to THfOMA . J BAIS, M&anaging Director. DOUS.-A bonus has just been declared by the B LAW%V PROPERTY amd LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY, varying from 2 to fl per cent. on the amount assured, and amounting in many instances to upwards of 50 per cent. on the premiums paid. Prospectuses, forms of proposals, &c.. maybe had on application. Offices, 30. Essex-street. Strand. EDWARD S. BARNES. Sec. G ENERAL ANNIUITY ENDOWMIENT ASSO- CIATION{, temporary offices, 2, Charlotte-row, Mansion-house. Capital invested with Government, de.. £27,004 13 2 Amount paid to Annuitants last year .3 .. .. 17,832 10 0 Amount p.aid to Anumiltunis since 1834 .. .. .. 174 i= 10 0 The erymodrat raes f pemim, ithother ib7eraI mutual adThnages ofthisAssociation, forecibly invVitie all $ho desire to leave a provision to their w;idows, chidren, relatives, or friends, and are particularly adapted to persons wvhose incomes terminate waith their lives. Established182 9.P HIL IP CURTIS, Sec. THE GENERAL REVERSIONARY and IN. T VESTM&NT COhlPAY, 5, Whitehall, London. Capital Reversions, absolute or contingent, purchasedL Loans granted thereon. tmmerate annuities granted In consideration of reversionary charges. Persons entitled to deferred interests may thus secure an £ncome until their property falls into Possession, without being called upon for any payment until that event. Wh. BARWICK HODGE, Actuary and Secretary. rr1HE NATIONAL. REVERSION'ARY INVES1- _L hlEST C03LPANY: institutedI837, forthe Purchase of Absolute or Coutingent Rev-ers£ons, Life Interests, and Policies of Assurance on Lives. Office, 63, Old Broad-street, London. JOHN PEMBERTON HEYWYOOD, Esq., Chairman. EDMVL WARD SCADDING, Esq.. Deputy-Chairnam Consulting Counsel--George Lake Russell, Esq. Solicitors-hMessrs. Cardale. Iliffe and Russell, Bedford-row. Actuary-Francis A.nglebach, Esq.,tse AlianocAssurance Company. Agents ix Edinburgh-Mesrs. hIenzies and Machonochi,lW.S., 10, Iill-street. The Directors are prepared to treat for the purchase of every descriptionof well-secured reversions and life interests, and of policies of assurance on lives. Forms for submitting proposals for sale may be obtained at the offices of the Company. G. A. RENDALL. See. ('IUARANTEE SOCIETY, 19, Birchin-lane, Corn- '.hl,Lndon EstAbliShe o840 Empweed byua Spseilmcto Parliment, tnh Victoria,ltS42-Florprovirding seuritynfor thexfidelit of persons in situations of trust where sureties are required, on the payment of a stipuated rate percent. No charge is made boyend the premium, which is reduced 20 per cent, on the sixth annual payment, and Tfmther abatement is made after the t2thof 30 per cent. thus reducing the oribinal premimm 00 per cert. JAh ES ffis ZIO, Sec. pn,7ONEY ADVANCES, on the Mutual System.- 1 L LOANS frem £10 to £2,800 on adequate security of any description, repayable by monthly or quarterlY instalments, extending over any peried not exceeding five years, are made by the ST. GEORGE ADVANCE FUND ASSOCIATION;S, 118, Pall-mali Scale of month y repayent of £S.icuigprnia nnerest,ry 7,and a share in the prLoitsu-Fory thAreery ye arps. £2 Os.l. fo yars, £:112s.; fiveyear3,fil7s. Rules6d. eaeh, orby pastla. FBEDERIC H.G'1BAROT, Mfanager. RHEAL and PERSOMAL ADVEANE COMPANY Incorporated by Act of Psarlament.-This Company ADfAnlCFA Lo aNS uone th security of freehold, leasehold, and other property, for narious periods, to be repsid by instalments. Peronal security accepted in addition vhere anabdvance to the ful value of the property in required. For forms of appliation and further particulars appIy at the offnces of the Company, 4, Beaufort-buildbnyw, Strand. Ofrtce hours from 10 to 5. rOBERT SANfDERS, Secretry. mOTiCEis herebyofven,thatrthe SIXTH ANNUAL cla GENERA e tEEhIcG of the Proprietors of the Accidental Death Insurance Company wvill be heldwaiithin thc Offices of the Company, 7, Bank-buildings, Lothbmy, London. on imonday, the 5th day of Maynext, at 1lof the lock iL theasfteang,erecisel f - By order of the Court of Directors. WILLIAM YOUNG, Secretary. 7, Bank-buildngs, Lothboury, Apriln6, 8li6. alreadyerected brlAntingofBrshaelt,elS5S5,for odiclattngsjetie To landoiners, the Clergy, aolicitors. Estate Agents, Surveyors, oe.- Tenants for Life, trustees, owners in fee, incumbents of livings, bodies corporrate, lessees for iehos renewabl, or for a term of more than 25 years, (and less for lves not renewable, or for a term lnes than 25 years, wilth consent of their lessor, ke,) are enabled, by way of loan rom the Coin any or by their own fd us, to execute and charge on the lands improvd, byay of rent-charge for a term of 25 years, repaycinz capital and interest, the cost of every landed improvement, especimalr of draimnage, irgation, wnarping, embanking from the sea, from lakos, ivers, or streams enlosing any laud, or improving drains, stre,ams, or waterDouixes rec wmation, farm roads, clearing, erection of farm houses and other buildings required for farm purposes, and the improvement of and aduitions to farm-houses and other bnuidings for farm purposes aheady erected; planting for shelter and for periodical cuttingl, jetties or landng places on the sea coast or on the bankls of nammibne rivers or lakes in the Hifghlands and andnds of Scotland, engines ad machinery for drainasge, en gin e-houses for farm i teadings. &c. . wvater wrhe els, taonks, piae, Naterco,n-cs, bridges sluices, &o. The plans of buildings, specifications, and estimates are prepared by the applicant's ow n agents, and are submitted to thO approval of the Encosure CommiRssoners' Inspectors, wvho are also the solo judges of the duoe execution of the works. roprietorsCmay apply jinYtly for the execution oE improvements muttually beneficial, such as a common outfall, roads through the district, whater pow er, do. The Directorsa wish it to be understood that the Company is of a strictly commercial character, and that the details of the plans and of th eexecuttion of the works arenot interfered with hy them, but are controlled by the landowiner and by the Enclosure Commissionera. For further informnation and for forms of application apply to the Hgn. William Napier, Managing Director, 2, Old Palace-yard, Wes nmmster. ltEST LOhNDON S O RSE and CARRIAiE RE- YPOSITORY COMIPANSY (LIMIITED). Provisionally Regstered. Capital£10,800, in 1,000 shores of £10 each. Deposit £2 per DIRECTORS. J. ho h. STOCQUELen , b Eq., 2a , Rtegent street, Chairmail. W. Whiutehouse, Esq., Great Coam-street, Russell-square. W. Martin, Esq,. Acteu, Ihlddineex H. Ecke, Esq., Pousonby-street. Belgravia. Auctioneers-Messrs. Gelietly and Co., 3, Bridge-street, Parliament- street. Bankers-Bank of London. 486, West Strand, london. Secretary-Simon Hfamburg, Ee o Although the Act 1S and 1l9Vic., limiting the liability of shareholders, has been but a few months in operations sevemal commercial companies have been organired under its special intluence, for a majrit ofwhch uccssmaybe fairly predicted; and, in fact, where dominant features insa direction, there can be no valid reason urged wvhythelarge profitsehichexperience showshavecbeenforyears commanded by private enterprise should not in all cases be obtained in an eqelal degree by publicadventures._ , , lv t4cars- uethee vll-&tredvle3 tatthe})iectrsof the WYestLondon Horse andCariage Repository introduto this wldertaking to the public, offernug, aRs they feel assured it doss, conjointly with the highest expectations of profitable return, the opportunity of supplying a want of daily experience. vir., a more sufitable place for the dispo.sal by frequent sales by suction of horses, carriages, harness, &o, than has hitherto existed. The principal and most striking advantages offered to sellersawi be the great extent and convsenience of the establishment, the frequency of the sales (three times a week, to for hores and one for carriages), moderate charges and paymcnt of balances within two daYs after sale P9rom the bfni fde manner in which all transactions will be conducted by this Company (the Company itself neither dealingnor speculating), and from the care that wil be taken to test the efliciency and the integrity of the servants to be employed-none of whom will be allowed to receive fee or bribe-the pubile ruay rely on being protected from every species of imposition. Acting from information received from umdoub'ed authorities, the Directors confidently anticipate realizing from the business a clear profit. to the Company of 20 per cent. on the capital invested. The object of raising the capital is, that it may be, te a considerable extent, invested ii buildings suitable for the purpose contemplated, the residlue forming a reserve fund for general purposes. The Directors have only to add that they are in negotiation for a site in one of the most eligible parts of western LoIndon, and they flatter themselves that when the Company shaU be matured into fuU working operation the Repository and its varions offices will not only deserve well of the public, but rank high as a source of inteligence on matters of sporting andI agricultural interest. . Further particwlra and details miay be obtained by application at the Company's temporary offices, 3, Bridge-street, Westminster. Form of Application for Shars. To the Directors of the WVest London Horse and Carriage Repository Company (limited). Gentlemen,-I request that you will allot me - sharms in the above COmpany, and I hereby agree to acept such shares, or any less number that may be allotted, and topay the deposit at theapp4mtedtime,and to execute the Deed of Se!tlement when required. Thin application is accompanied by la. per sbare, being " earnest money" on the numl,'er of shares applied forby me., I am, Gentlemen, your obedient servant. Date*'i'U''''- Profession or ocupation. Itesideeinfu .............. Place of buiness (if any) ........ QTOCK EMCCHANGE RPICES per teleh daily Kl4 a Mr. LANCE's. 10, Regent- ieet, five doors from Vaterloo. Place 'An British andfore' ton p-d saba bought aud eold,cit£Ffi¢, e, B Puk-c=am;9,L4tbeury,' ITtOLL REFORM.-The objects of the Toll Reform Cominittee ar- 1. The removal of all turnpikes, gates, and ban within the four-mile ladiusfixed by the Right Heon. I Fitroy'a Cab Act, he.. four miles irom Charing-cros 2. The reduction of other tols and their equalzation. 3. The transfer of the exLetiDg commission to the Metropolitan Board of Works with a view to the speedy total abolition of aU gates and tolls. A circular with further statement can be had gratis, or will be sent post free. J. E. BRADFIELD, Secretary. ToU Reform Central Office. 19. Strand, next to Hungerford.street. ra IOLL REFOR5L-The primary object of the Toll J. Reform Committee is the abolition of aU turnpike gates and bars in the metropolitan district, as recommended by the Select Committee of the House of Commons "On Metropolitan CommunicatioRs." Pending the proceedings for effecting this object the Committee urge the co-operation of local interests for the immediate removal of aU gates, &c., within a radiis of four miles from Charing-cross, and the equalization of the remaining tolls, which the existing Commis-ioners can grant. This instalment of reform the ublic are justly entitled to at the hands of the Metropolis Roads Commissioners for Middiesex. They were originally appointed 30 yeas ago, not to perpetuate turpite abuses and spend the toupayee money, but to reduce rates and teoll and in their early days they removed many obstructions, but lately they appear to lhave forgotten that they are sti'l trustees of public money, for though they have received within the lst four years about a quarter of a million they have done nothing but spend the receipts as they yearly came in, and compromise their commimsion by a most questionable proceeding, i.e.. by reducing the toUs in one district one-third, refusing the reduction to the other districts. An analysis of the reports made under the oowmmiseon and statutes is in preparation for the information of toUpayers. Subscriptions to defray the exrenses are respectfuly requested to be pid to the account of the Tol Reform Committee, at the Bank of London, Threadneedie-street, and450. Strand. Ty. E. BRtADFIELD, Secretary. ToU Reform (Central Offioce, 19; Strand. 'IRYSTAL PALACE COMPANY.-The Share- holders are informed that they can now obtain the Deed of Settlement, Ecyal Charters, and List of Sharebolders, to January 1856 in one volume email octavo, of 180 pages, price 2e.-Henry . Bohn, York-street, Covent-garden. QEYSSEL ASPAL,TE COMPANY (Claridge's Patent).-Notice is hereby given, that the AINEUAL GENERAL MlEETING of the Proprietors of this Company rill lie held at the Works. Stangate. Surrey side of Vestminster-bridge, London, on Thursday, the 24th inst., at 2 o'clock precisely. April10, 1856. J. FARRELL, Sec. rnHE PER2MIANENT WAY COMPANY, havinT been constituted SOLE AGENTS in England for Dr. BOiCHERIl's PATENT PROCESS forlnjeeling Preservative Fluids into Timber by the Displacement of the Sap, invite ergineers, railway directors, and, others, to insp-ect the process in actual operation at their office, No. 26. Great George-street, Westminster, daily, from 12 o'clock to 4 WILLIAM IHOWDEN, Secretary. rPHE EPXECUTOR and TRUSTEE COAIPANY. Tl HONORARY COUNCIL. The Right Hen. Sir John Patteson, late one of the Judges of the Oourt of Queen's 'Bench Sir Edward J. Gambler, late Chief Tustice of MIadras Sir Heniry Rope, late Chief Justice of Bomnbay Sir Charlea b hal, late Chief Justice of Ceylon. Thie EXECUTIVE COUNCIL 31. Chambers, Esq., QC., 3t.P., and others. The various ditEculties which have hitherto impeded the Company's progrese have nowv been overcome through the interference of the Court of Queen's Bench, the Society is registered under the statute, and the Deed having been settled by counsel, will, in the course of the month, be ready for the signatures of the shareholders. 71. Cormbill. CHARLES TWIGG. Secretary. THE GREAT NORTHERN RAILWVAY COM- T PANY.-Albion Public-honse, Mdaiden-lane.-The Directors are prepared to receive TENDERS for the oceupancy, on a yearly tenancy, or on lease, for a period of year,, at a yearly rent, with or without a pronun, s mabe agreed on. of the eligible newly built FREE LICENSED PU`.IC-HfOUSE, known a. the Albion in Mfaiden-inne, Battle-bridge. The house stands prominently in time great leading thoroughfaLre to the New Cattle Market, is clos-e to the goodbs' tation, the potaton market, andl coal depot;of the Great Northern Railway, and to the Regent's-canal, and the Imperial Gas Works. aU of Which induce large tratlic, and the employment of great numabers of work-en and labourers. At a cost of about £3.000, including the estimated value of the ground rent, it has been rebuilt on a large surface of ground, and planned to carry on a good and profitable busines3 with convenience and facility, and is well supplied with water. In the base- ent there arec cllatforbeedr.for wine, and forspisits. On the ground lloor there is a distinct entrance for the family and parlour customers besides spacious double entratce to the bar and tap; and the ground cor conhtins a Large tap-room, with pri-yand urinal in open yard, an extensive tar and a bar parlour, a narlour for customers, a kitcben, scullery, pantry, dust-bin, coal-shea. pot-house, water-doset, urinal, and open yand On the one-pair floor there is a large messroom or club room, with convenieuce for cooking, with a distinct stone staircase leading to it: and there are four family bed rooms and a separate water-closet. Painting, papering, and the minor fittings have been deferred, that these may be done to suit the taste of the in-coming tenant to such reasonable extent as may be agreed on. Possession can be had in about six veeks after the acceptanco of the tender, or as may be arranged. Parties disposed to tender can Nies the presnises on alpucation to 3fr. Pitman, the Company's receiver, at this station. Tenders wivl be received only on the printed form for the purpose, and ivhich form, with particulars, may be obtained on application to this office. Tenders addressed to the Secretary, sealed up, and marlked " Tender for the Albion Pablic-house," munt be lodged at this office before 12 o'clock at noon on Tuesday, the 6th May next, when parties tendering must be in attendance. N.B. The Directors do not bind themselves to aceept the highest or any tender. By order, R. MOWYATl', Sec. Secretary's Office, King's-cross Station, London, 5th April. 1856, T IVERPOOL WOOL SALES, on Tuesday, the 22d Ad inst., and following days, at the Bre ers' Sale Room, 11, North Jobn-etreet, Liverpool :-200 bales of East India, 120 bales of Turkey. 150bales of meo Chili, 100 bales of merino Lisbon, IUO bales of laid Chiviot, 10 bales of sundries. Apply to John Greame and Co. woolbrokers, Liverpool. T ATENT IMPROVED GOLD CRUSHING LACHLN-E, sulrpassing everything hitherto introdaced, combining great effectiveness, salnlt cost, durablility, port.ability, economy of the powver used, and every othermeclnicil arrangement to reduce ouartz or other hard substances to impalpable powder. hay be seen daily in operation at MIessrs. Miedwrin andi HIall's, 92, Blackfriars-road, w here further partleulars may be obtained. 1 NVESTMENTS in PUBLIC SECURITIES.- J Investments in and sales of British and foreign public securities effected. Specialattentiondirectedto those stocks, railway, mine, and other shares which afford the greatest room for improvement in value. Every other description of financial agency undectaken. Apply to JAY-ES S. TRIPP and Co. investments anagneral flemancal agency Lombard-street-chsambors, 33, Clement's-lane, Lmbard-street. QTEAM ENGINES, by C. COLLINGE and Co. (se- S lected by H.R.EL Prince Albert), the most simple, subltantial, and effective daily at work at the manufactory, 64 and 65, Bridgeroad, Lambeth. Chating, machinery, and mUllwork to order. STEAM ENGINES for SALE:-One portable 4- I horse power engine, with boiler complete, requiring no setting or brickwork-; one horizontl hLp. engine of 16-horsepower. These are new and superior engines. Apply at 26, Crosby hall-chambers, Bishopsgate-street, city. S TEAM ENGINES for SALE, of four and six horse over, constructed on tho flat trunk principle, of exquisite workm p. ad occpyingthe sinaliest possible space, by Tiraxd. Also, a four, isx,asd eigpht-quarter Mslhing Attemperator and Malt Roils, with safety spring. Por particulars address Engineer, Crystal Ale Brewery, Stouehouse; Plymouth, 43TEAM ENGINES.-For SALE, strong and simple , high-prossure STEAt ENGINES, of four, six, eight, and ten horse power, with or without boilers and fittings; several of these engies re radyforimmediate dehivery, may be erected at a small expense, and one can be seent in daily operation at fessrs. Medwin and Hall's, engineers. Surrey Iron WVorks, 92, Blackfriars-road. iTEA1VI ENGINES, vertical and horizontal, 11 to 16 horse-power; punching, shearing, and bar-cutting machines, porabl orfixd, n hees o fet, o wrkby hand or power - planing mzachines; portable beench, onnd o°thZe°r drilMlng achin oVes; plath.s and other engineers' and shiipbuilderB' tools of the best workmanship, finished or in progress.-W. WALKEER, Loawer lKing-street Works, hlanchester. QTEAM ENGINES.-To be LET on HIRE, by k,.J the day, weekl or year, strong simple STEA, ENGINES, whirls may be set to work without orickwork or firing, are extensively used by contractors and manufacturers generaUy as auxiliaries to wind and water mills, and for temporary purposes during repairs. Several are ready for immediate delivery of S. 10, 12, 16, 20, to 40 horse power Apply to lesrs. Medwin and Hall, engineers, Surrey iron works, 92; Blackfrias-road .wherethey maybe seen. Several are forsale. DORTABLE ENGINE.-WANTED, to HIRE, by .L the month, a PORTABLE ENGIN-E of 6 horse-power, with horizontal tubular boiler. No ocjection to purchase a second-hand one at a reasonable price if in good working order. Applications tobe addressed to hIr. Clark-, patent agent, 53, Chancery-lane. A PORTABLE STEAM ENGINE, of half or one A horse power, WANTED. Also Practical Mechanic's Journal (back volumesk. Address T. Y., g, hgb-street, Ramsgate LOCOMOTIVE.-Several superior powerful LOCO- LMOTIVE ENE'GIN-ES for SALE. For particulars apply to G. England and Co., engineers, liatcham Iron Works, where the engines may be seen. jlATAL BOILER EXPLOSION at PORTEi- rFMOUTI DOCKYARD.-Loss of life andproperty prevented by MEDWIN's PATENT SELF-ACTING WATER -AUGE which is simple, shows the exact quantity of water in asteam boiler, maybe understood by the most inexperienced person, will prev,ent explosoioa or conlapse of tubes for want of water, and can be applied to al toilers at the cost of the common water-gauge3. MIay be seen in operation daily on application to Messrs. Medwvin and Bal, engineers, 9'2 Blackfriars-road. S TAINED GLASS WINDOWS for the MIILLION. -Instead of staining the glass we stain a transparent material easilbapplied byi anyersn.h By this mberthod,with equal permanency, Ecelesiasticl Gothldc, arm orial, and French de signs for church, hall or conservatory wfindows., hail lampa, window poictures, &c. Descriptive books d. free.-WHIITE sandDATON.5;.tR3tbhone-plse ITALENTIA SLATE SLABS.-The Valentia Slab V Company invite attention to their SLABS. now supplied of very lare dmenion, ad o suerir qaliy. heyhave been used at the British Mruseum, National Geall° BaeDthylehemHosphaital varloaunedatich asyslums, the Ordnance Works, MYodel Prison, PentonviUle, and other penitentiaries ; maltingfloorsin Bedfordshire and lfertfordshire, brewveries, the race-stand at Brighton, Portsmouth Barracks, and are kept in stock in large quantities by Messrs. FREEMAN, MilDbank-street: also by Messrs. Sharpe, Tooley-atrcet; anld Messrs. Brabys, Belvidereroad, Lambotli. H UBBUCK's PATENT WHITE ZINC PAINT the permanent white of the ancients, a complete substitute for the pernicious lead paint, adapted in all respects to the use of the paiter ad fee ro an posoousin8edent. Apartments may be immediately occupiedIis whiteness in unaffected by bilge wiater, noxiouS gases, or heaet. The prcPe iCs thetsa3me s hitele5ad,besides pamt original varniseah casks opsitamed "Ubbe LondonDo}, Patnt." N.EB. Old sineandzinec cttingsbought to anycextent. D ORCELAIN CLA&Y.-To be LbET, a BED of POR- .LCELAIN CLAY and FESPAR. To be worked on such terms as may be agreed npon. Water carriage to all parts of the kingdom. Apply to J. Caidwvell Bloomileld, Castle Caldwell. Co. Fermnag,. Ire land. CIGARS.-Regalias.-To Noblemen fficers of the Army and Navy, and Gentlemen.-Mr. D rertftfls requests a close inspection of his choice stock of sunerior , iN CHAVANAS Inc1uding Cabanas Cabana Emrrs l z. Kiing's, Larrailaga. Castailon, &c.-Warehouse, 2, Spread Eagie-cohrt, Royal Exchange, leading into Finch-lane. V1IGARS.-The Havannah Plantation Cigar Com- Jpany bc6 to inform the nobility, gentry. and all connoisseurs in cigars that their SAMAIPLE ROOM is now OPEN for the sale of a very choicebrandof oldHavannaltplantationci rsisttitledtheVeguero; unquetinaby he ins veimprtdino hicOUuntry: theyare largein ize,randricp in flavour. Pricel42st per hundred of cloln, lOs. 6di per bundle of 2S, s qplea 6 each sirx sent post free for Ss. a, lNo L'xtish cigar eold at our offices, and only this qaslity impirst-cLwm jESA1'DElt, agent for Europe. Sample room, 376, S trand. O ESflce 114hours 10 tiLl 5. ATApIA CIGARS, "A 0" brand, unported oaly LA by H, WAYlive 466 Oxfordstreets nearoloomg bury. Thdese cigars surpass all oters In party of fLoudor, and are pronouneedcbk cOnnom oeurs to be the finest quality ever imported. 21s. per lb.; sample lioxes, containing eight, for 2s. 3d,. post free four stmps extra. First-class foreign Havannahas (duty paitd) 23e a Ib. rample boxes, conaining elght, for Is. 8d, poet free four stampa extra. ) OTATOES.-J. CHa3IBEnrLAYNE continues t toe upplyuths Public iUth the best YORE REGENTS, at lOs. ua l per sack, delivered writhin three miles of Charing-cress. Address aungtrford-wharf, Strnd. eirst-rate YorkRegents, forplanting. LjaLOURWARRANTED FR3EEfom,&]ULTE3RA- b'TION, delivered to any part of Eondon (not less than one peek) camage free,;-Whltes for pastry, per bushel (16 lb.,) 12s. 40.; fine1 hoPsepolds, recomlmended for bread.making, 1 s. &., seconds, ls; wheat meal, for brown bread, ls Best Scotch oatmeaL Address ieORSzaIo, and CATCHPOOLa Bullfora Mill, Withai, Essex, or Co1edonian-road .Islington. .Terms cash, K OBINSON's PATENiT G-lOATS for more thAtn 3 AA years ha-ve been held in constant and increasing public estimation as the purep farin,e of the of t and as the best and neost valuable preparation for makins a pure andedeLcate greL, wlhich forms a light and utitious supperfortheaged,isapopularrecpefor colds and 1Unz, is of general an in the sick chamber, and, ahIemnately with Robinson's Patent Barey, in an excellent food for infants and children. Prepared only by the patentees, ROBII-iSON, BELLV7I:LE, and Co., purveyors to the Queen,t 64, Red Lion-street, llolborn. iSold by all respvectable groceez. druggits and othersl, in. towvn and country, in packs of Gd. and la., and famiib canisters at 2s., 5s, and lOs. each. ilAFE;TY for STREET DOORS.-CHUBB'ii KJPATEI L.ATCHIES, with email aDdnDeat keys, at yory modemate prices. Fireproof safes of all sires, and Chubli's Detector Locks for every purpose. fllolstrated lists sent On application. -Chubb and Son, 57, St. Paul's elurebyard. SALE of OLD STORES, 6t Plymouth. ADMIRJALTY. Somreot-pla,oe, 4th April. 1838. TJHE Commissioners fOr executing the Office of Lordl Tligh Admirsl of the United Xiagdom of Great Britain and Ireland do hereby give natice, that on Tuesday, the 21st inst., ait 1 o'clock in the forenoon, the Captalia Superintendent will 'put up .ta s ale. in the Royal William, Victualling-yard, at Plymouth, several lot3 of OID SiTORES; c onsisting of provisions, cook's fat, biscuit bags, ktawves, &camaenk clothinig. cooper's tools paynlaster's implements, t1r.nsportstores,kc., alllying in thesaid Yrd rersons wishing to view the lots must zpply to the Superintendent ft r notes of admission for that purpose. CataloIgues and conditions of sale may be ha here andat the Yard. A INMMONIA.-The Phocenix Gas-Iight and C-oke £ Convaware eady toreceive T iDESa for REMOVING all VaxaLTequantity made at lrstisabarge-load, or 5O buitts, per wnier da'Y, and it will probabl bematerially increased and puacteaTh in the clearance is of r!itim mprac The particulars of the contact ay b see at he ofice Thericto be stat-ed at per batt of 05 mpeialgalon. Sale teder, wththe words, "Ammonia, Tener, wrtte onthecovr t belef attheoffce.70. Bankside. &utharl, o Wedesdy, b~ 0th f Aril beor12oclock. N.D. TheBordo ot legethmseve t acep te iges tender. TfOCOINTRACTORS and BUILDERS.-Surrey .THouse of Correction, Wandswortb-common.-The Visiting Magistrates of thin Prison puros EXTENDIN1G, the ACCOMMODATI'JN. for PEMATE rBIS N 'RS. and Making certain Alterations in the Itesidenceslof some of the Officers. Plan.%secdatos and conditons may be seen at the SeEssions-house. Newington, forom the 16th to the 2th inst. The Visitiug.MAgistmte wil meat at the said Sessionshouse, on Tuesday, the 10th inst., at thebhour of 2 o'clock. for thep r poes of opening such tenders for the exectin of the work as may then anjd there be presented to them. Further iniformation and the bills of qyantities may be obtainied upon application toMr. Hill, architect,at 27 Kin3g-street, Cheapside, or Christ Church-buildings,Birmingham. The Visiting Magistrates do not bind them-elves to accept she lowest or any tender. Every contractor applying for a opy of the billsof quantities willbe required to depceit the sum of £5, which wfil be returned in all Wcase in which a londer bab been delivered. (higned) WORONZOW GREIG. Clerkc of the Peace. Office of the Clerk of the Peace. North-street, Iambeth, April10, 1856. ' ETROPOLIS ROALDS.-Roaa 1Materi-als.-The ILl Comisioersof heMetopois oas ae dsiOuof CON- TRACTIG forthe SPPLY o MATEIAlS,particulars ofswhic Mayetrhadi Ratdhs office, on, and eafterTuesayce t,th1tho April A1% inT. Sealed GEndr for teao,adrsdtthehES.T e Commdiassionters an maorked tende forisil atheirimeetin" to be deiered at this Worfceb hors beforles12o'clck ond Graesd lay enFrdy the 2t5a f a et. ATri tenders at3elboaccete unltes madtemon oneofethe printed paTiclr iSsued frmthis APOfIcTE. To a n i ie ihu nubama MetropolisERoazds oAfce, 2. Wi&stehl,l-plae,SApril12 Theng6.e mut.b optn GERG ittndt the seamT-Terge Gar D Ianstrof the boy i si'rthis Parish and atoefr thei meeting, of borer hel atd thes workat 3o'clokeingothopafternsoongpeisly,receiven6arPLICATiOntsaforie the PPOITMEN of manand is Cfe, didth es ecmbr attncda ENGINEER ~ ~ ~~~ ~on and WRSWMNa lse col h testmngialeer mustbe empton toattnd t th stam 01Thec andpoinstmenct th e boy insmih' ok, ndto erfrmthedutesofaprter andhis warife tOtaecARge of thWORterS ledg SnreT.igar SAV oint saaieS £4 TpR annum, it bardng and otedden ot Cnidae,s mustb attend theaetigo the Board wi retsvrtn a pplicaar tiom,onsI andtestimonials as tayof cAprce andtabiity at 6 o'clock prth eeisol to Theapinten Till bER maeorictt the approva ofA tuheAD Soop,Srpingw,Board outhermparti-s crlars may be knowne on apliathee f,ion,tor pnme. gwystres lae,aly,pbli aae,adpaey ordrhfeheBord T oures SofE Cleoork. Shonialprtrstreet,o elcofs-quhe,dNgn Apilhi 4 e 18d56, rct nmey tBa ofh arisl of WOrKstc frc,adlsthto ST heSAVIOU 's loert- wthntepriT.-T ofS. c-avengers and the term oftbree ieas,heereb mivn. tatl b the Bjoard wil meet at thes Boarseod Ream, fonmenedy the Istdayo day ofApilensaxt. andth 6co'trclok inl theavenig to recive TElboDEcrts, for CM alrsYINGAop sucht and, Slopl caig,o othermatters adtig ecp ehihoayrbe scraed otrcor gathe equred of,i,truonther highways,ostreets, lanes, alleso,ipublic rearssblesan placsrs by etherit labourer of the Bonard from all part orif twor bofthe divisions, wtin ,0 o the saiditrict, naely,thatc of teprsuh cofnCrist.hre dands alof cothat anofnth Clin Liertya wirthinctelarish of Shet.lvisour, for the sterftreetyas, dete&. omrmin-d ablerbyith Board at isentd ofd fist or seond yheBar,dfRoom.th 1stdeyro miay next.r And orbthe ciontractorcil have toe dadoullhorsesca, cartd of ~~~~~~~~~~theBor.Tecnrcowilbreurdtetr into a- ctonta, sum R of £ W0.Ro, KS for behdvso S,Tn.60 fVortefihul7 peISr JLpatclr ofICThe To'ivstins, nd Ntiche sreets,plaes, thattbcoaprisd wiherein can bhe inpetdand Rascri n nednsay. the Boad daoomf Teder may befor Oco-ne orbthe evisina(pcfing, thd e amountS for EMcM,and1 muthe DSTale up~s and endored" Teners fror Cartln hwaysud, &-wti anodibsntions befrhe half-past oinSthe eaveiou-ngl,t of the pboe-enione day afritehrwhch anstha nof tendr wil bre receivdand theperishon St Sendingr ine schntmendr muto be inr attenodance threBoard dontrbindbl bythemselesrt acet any tenide.Texps of the big rsoder ommndngonlywl thae todbe born bfy neThe contractor -Die te 13thirda tof Aptril 13nt. By oon rderan alof wthetBoard espnitbleT peTr RY, Clenerk.o board, Room,e Emeralsumon-stree or,Baitde fou bthwdailrk. hesLmo X60 o hefihu of rWorKSne for c cnrat ST.heVdr'fs ofS -Ttatn ond austwl snenarticelais othereby gdiven, onthatth Boar w.illeet at the Board Room, one Wednesday, the ondda of Atl o insi.6o'cloc ind thecevening, theracoiuetE ER for ea EMOan VIu G the diJNT AhS&c,-ocawekfrmalhus,c., withi two dbefore oaf thet distriheo St.ningiofrtne ablvertttofnthedparishae ofp n Cendsohrse ad "Thate fof theuClink, Libfert,i theaish ofmeSt. Sa.ier, Th e rcntrd,act tohefra periodno theedn years,c tedetrsmicabt by i attednehe Board attednooh nort orbecnd yhear,vet acmenin ony intoera coTrascot,rantdoalso,tinhtwudespnle persons,eexpenserinth a £b00, forli thaefathfu performane of such contractr.Dae the draftsdof contAract and bod,aywl asprtiulrs of the Bovard ivsos.nh tandatteBard Room, Emro-theL tendsers mothay ePrk oeorbtho thediisons, and specfyin thfaoun for eAchIadO ust beISen tenderwIberceivedo Sandehsgers-onso Isbeendin g invuender mustth Bear inl ee attnac the Board donot bind themselesdy the acceAptran tender, athis oclonrckuth desvnotincudo leeaning, ThNER expnse ofLtEAS bend only willy-haves wtohbe bore by ivnso the nrt-Ded sthe 1thf day ofviApri, 1856l, Bya ordtepris of Che ord,cuchadtatoh klBoard y woom. t Emro-treet Banish f et Savouhark.otetrmG he BeaO dec-rmabeTbvOteRoar ftteedo Ltor STseVooRns ypas fromtheIst ay f Aayengers.Te- ontractsohrewlby ien thatre the entard willo meetract,th Bard Rosomit ton redpnsbepersoay,th 2to Aptri inst., si o'cloc in the peveling, tofW oreceiveTf D for CLhEiANS-s o XW for the ROa DS,fi Strfrmneets, sanes Alltrys, T'ahae dando Picentrand alsond,allGolly-ols, wirthicuaso the two divisions ofn the dstrectfst. laciur nan omrsedy hto theren paris of Chrspetehurnd ascranedtato the ClnLbrtym wThin thneprish ofy Stbe vo for on rbthe tiisors sftheeyears dtheramiunabl byr tahe Bard aut the senld offis orand years,m from the 1stda of t a et he contrtine.da.actor will bie ro euired t etrintvacotrc, and ahepeso,s wenithtw repn siblenpersonus,to benter Tiscntoraben wUntincld the pearsmoem0.or, if frbthe divsions ofe £000.se ofo the faithfu wl pefrance tof suche yh contract.oh ra-Dtseodcotrhc and bod,y an werll an patiulr ofdethe twe ord.vsos n tesres N Eco FRSTd therION,abeispctedandiasertained atoo the mstm.-The tenrdernsma bf'e foor one orbthee diisones, specsffli theamout foreach andmustbeyseaedmu andm tecndose the venng f te alovoentone. da, aterwhihetmslesno tnders willbe reeived, ad the pesons sen ing inothtner-usLeInA. attedane, he Barddo ot indhemelvsut accetd tanyo thendr Thse contrdacte wiln t inldetereoa ofte dust.he dafexpense ofonthe bondeonlydwillohave toebehomebfh.otaco-ae h B3hdyofArl 15, B order of the Board, E . XWL.Cek Soae Rloomtequr, EeSon-treept,onk Apide, Sothar. PUEWSUORET ton Orderof honer andh SChoutof- Chanrees.adeinhheGuardiansof the Porsfthte oIlnewh LoesgtUio derconseduencen of thuepartiesLreentlsecte bynthemfromnthlegcan- dth CEnDwhORap lie HAvNgA Lubeq GGnTiywithdra f themselve on accounty of Hathsr awindome(whor dies inraous h iot of reevnOPLcto-r TIONS from PERSOei S woicioshong tor bfoll the tda aboe fITATIOyS &,The calar of adpoetheischoolmsteorwillbe £1t pher cannum, aof that ofther scholmitres £2 pe armrs,withdoule Ation.addlx r sucnfrter sUmsrsetivlyAsN the CommitteeofConi one EdcaigConuma diroht. estioyal mastde in orwarddsoe by thesdo aginth inso., and BynOrder,thCRDT S ofth BoARd,IED. CPURG EON, Claeork. as.tGocestreetPr-suae,soutamptoin. Apre con, 1856 id,sa idw conyo at,wdw(who died in or about the month of Ocur.1,)ae ythisobier, 185,ae yterslctors, on or before the 8tht day of ' May , 1356, tocoeianprv cminadpoetheir debt eoclis at the chambers of the Masro teRls nther of heRols,j.sth Rols-yad,Chacey-lne Midlse;co, in de-ad faul thrco, tey illbe areminrly xcldedfro th beefit ofth thesai orer Thrsdy,the224dayofMay 186,at 12 e o'cloc atno noo, a th sid hamers i apoined orearng ndadjudicatingupi GEORGEHUME,Chief Clerk. LONGandLONG 61 WEBB.i agetnd rogn ClmuSonu, Pte,Soicios o lain tif 1)UR-SUA~NT to an Ordere of the High Court of JL Chancery, made in ah causrofte " Fletaedon Geoge~s Grove land aothe, rider,d"abt,i the cotTOSofHR iEtyo SurrEon, latrbofkBryAnnston-strefet, defendan-su,e"i the CREIOunt of tihdesaid wiow, POL,(who died in or about the monthdayof Janury.131,) are, by theirselsetom, on or before the 2ls day of TMay. 1356, to come in and prove their debts agant the chtamber of the Masteorg Pofte, Rolst i the ca-b ofthero thcey willbe peremptrWilylxcuddarm theVd beno. of, Ne-huae, saiddecre, Fida, th 21s da of ay, 316 deaxt1'loc athe noon,te at ~~~~~~~~~~~~ the saidchmesisapitdfrhaigadauiain uon(er the clasms,Datedtliis 2thgdayrof pril, 1316 LE.HIIANG, Chief Clerk., PUJRSUANT to an Oerdee of the High Court of deeaed Candey nindacue "W ciliam Thoarls Cook, ineMmtiff agdainst Aendntphaoe, defEnDanT,"S the CRDIORAS ofCHeLsai GEORGOE POIL, (wo ded o or bou tho24thdayof Jly,18-) are, by their o- of he iceChncelorSirWilia Pae Wod No 11 NW-squarm Lincin'-in, inthecouty f Midleex;or,usdefultterex of,the will be peremporily excluded from the benefit ofthsadre, chabes, ~apaite fr harng ndadjdiatNguonebr the caim3.2 P URSUANT to a Decree of the High Court of JLChancery,made in a cause "CJharleisFagainerMoto Sand an- CREDIORS o THO A CHARLS MonterTON, IiB themonh o Auust 165,1arei b thei sDMyOfi ,elgavesqnao, n te contyofdieddinex, Esquirte, esters, ~~~~~~~~~on or before the 13hdyofNvme. 36tocoei hn Ma~ ~ ~~~~~~t at the chambers o h ieCaclo i ils ~~,rOv5i their do ~ ~ ~ ~ 12 June,1It56, at 12 o'cl-ock- -at noon_,&at tbhe -s-aid c-ha-mb-es is -pone forhearig and adjudicating upon the claims.-Dated thisi4thdayof April, 186. ALFRED HALL, Chief Clerk. v. H. LA1MIX, 5, John-street. Adelphi, London, Agent for 1essrs. Collinson. Doncaster. Yorkshire "URKSUANT to an Order of the High Court of L Chancry, made in the matter of the estate of hdwardCarlyon. deceased, and in a cause " Thomas Tristrem Spry Carlyon against the Rev. Fdward Harold Browne and the Rev. Thomas Stackhouse Carlyon," the CREDITORS of EDWARD CARI,YONX,late of Tregreban, in the county of Cornwall, a Major-General in Her Majesty's Armny, (who died in or about the month of July, 1854,) are, by their solicitors, on or before the 5th day of hLay 1356, to come in and prove their debts at the cbambers of the Vice-C5hancellor Sir John Stuart, at 12. Oldsquare, Lin-oin's-ian, Middlesex;- or, in defauxlt thereof, they wil be peremptorily excluded frem the benefit of the said order. Saturday. the 10th day of Mfay. 1816, at 1 o'cloclk in the afternoon, at the said chambers, is appohitert for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims. -Dated this 8th day of April, 1S56. AL1FRED HiAI,1 Chief Clerk, M3EDLEY, ROGERS, and JTLI, 40. Jermyn-street, St. James'a Plaintiffs' Solicitors, NCERY.-In the Matter of the Joint-Stock Unmparies' Winding-up Acts 1848 and 1849, and of the WARiC\NVORI'h DOeI COhlPANt, incorporated by the Warkworth Dock Act.lL,l.-Notice is hereby given. that a PETITION for the DISSOLUTION and WIN,DINZG-IP of the above-namedCompanywason Tuesday, the l5th day of April, 1356. presented tothe Lord High Chancelor of Great Britain by Edward Anicbmuty Glover. of 28, Grosvenorstreet West, Eaton-square, in the county of Mtiddlesex, Esq. and that it is exPected that such petition, will lie heard before His ifonour the Vice-Chancellor Sir Wlitbam Page Wood, on Saturday, the Sd day of May. 186, and.any person destrous to oppose the making of an order absolute for the sissoution andwinding-np of the soid Company under the raid Aci s hould appear at the time of the hearing by himself or his counsel for that purpose. and a copy of the petition will be furnihed to any contributory of the said Company requiring the same by. the underugned, on payment of the regulated charge for the same, - J. and- J I. I, LINKLATEX antd HACKWOOI) Solicitors for the Petitioner. 17. Sise-1ane. London. pATE!gT WROVUGT ZIA1LS, manaiofnctrred by Thes nai beinXS gratlyin deComand in t,he; colonies, mer-chants ,an shippers are resEpectfully informned that HIIGGS arid GEORGE are theapplonted agents for the sale of themn. Any orders entrusted to their ewrewili be only attended to. For prices and terms apply to l}iggESed C °o,wdhOeltae and export rconmongers, CSSiiOl4te6 arD4 ,)llege-
MEBTIJVG OF CONYOCATIOX. Yesterday morning both Houses of Convocation re-assembled at Westminster by adjournment from the previous day. TLHE UPPER OUSE. The Upper House assembled at 11 o'clock. There were present the Archbishop of Canterbury (who presided), the Bishops of Oxford, Winchester, I,landaff, Worcester, aud other right rev. prelates. Soon after their Lordships assembled, the Archbishop, of Canterbury received from the Prolocutor of the Lower House a report which had been agreed upon by the Committee of Gravamina, in reference to the question of church-rates, which matter was fully discussed onaprevious occasion. The committee strongly recommended that, as there was a bill on the question now before Parliament, it would be exercising a wise discretion not to persevere until the decision of the Legislature should be ascertained. The ARC=msuoiP, after consulting with the bishops, stated that he had laid the matter before their Lordships of the Upper Homse, who begged him to say that they fully concurred in the propriety of not at present makling any formal report on the subject. The questign would probably be settled by the Legislature in the course of the present session. On the retirement of the Prolocutor, there beig no other business, their Lordships adjourned until 3 o'lock. Atthat hour they re-assembled, and immediately afterwards adjourned until 5,- when the Prolocutor of the Lower House w as sent for. The Prolocutor, accompanied by the Dean of Worcester, the Dean of Norwich, the Dean of Bristol, Archdeacon of Bristol, the Archdeacon of St. Alban's, Dr. Jelf, and Chancellor Martin, proceeded to the Upper House, and inforined the Archbishop that the members of the Lower House were actively engaged in discussing the clauses of the clergy discipline report. The Lower Mouse felt that it would be impossible to finish that discussion that night, and that it would be productive of great inconvenience if the matter were delayed. They were therefore most anxious that they should have another day for discussing a matter so intimately affwecting the welfare of the clergy. The Archbishop of CANTERBURY said he would not then prorogue, but would allow the Lower IHouse to have another day for the discussion. The PRoLocuTor thanked his Grace, and withdrew with his assessors. Their Lordships then adjomuned until to-morrow. THE LOWER HOIUSE. The members of the Lower House of Convocation assembled again yesterday morning, at 10 o'clock in the Jerusalem Chamber, the Very Rev. the Dean of Ely (Dr. Peacock), the Prolocutor, presiding, and resumed the consideration of the report of the committee of their own Ilouse on the state of the law affecting the discipline of the clergy. THE EVISIOY OF THE RUBRIC. The Dean of NORtvicHs gave notice that on the next or some future sesion of Convocation he should move that the IJpper House of Convocation be invited to concur with this House in a humble petition to Hler Majesty that she would be graciously pleased to appoint a commission for the revision of the rubric of the Book of Common Prayer, with the view to its better adaptation to the services of the Church under existing circumstances. TE1E CHURCH IT LARGE TOWNS. The Rev. Canon HTrTrT s, of Norwich, presented a petition complaining of the anomalous position of the church and the clergy in populous towns in relation to Dissent and the existence of infidelity. A motion to refer it to the Committee of Gravamina was negatived on a show of hands. TRIAL OF OFFENCES AGAINST DOCTRINE. On clause 11 of the report, which recommended that cases involving questions of offence against the settled doctrine of the united church of England and Ireland as by law established, or questions pertaining to the ritual or divine service of the said hurch, should be heard by the bishop of the diocess in which the clerk accused holds any preferment, or if such clerk should hold no preferment, by the bishop in whose diocess the offence was alleged to have been committed, unless the bishop so having jurisdiction should think fit to send any such case, in the first instance, by letters of request, to the courtrof appeal of theprovince; that the bishop, in the hearing of such cases, should be assised by his vicar-general. or chancellor, or tny some legal assessor, who should have practised as an advocate in Doctors'-commons not less than seven years, er as a barrister-at-law not less than 10 years, together with a council, consisting of the dean of the cathedral church, the archdeacons of the diocess, and not less than eight other members, to be chosen by lot or otherwise, as should seem most expedient, four from the residentiary chapter, the non-residentiary prependaries, or honorary canons of the cathedral church, and four from the clergy elected for the courts of commission for the trial of offenses against the laws ecclesiastical; and that four at least of the members so chosen, together with the dean, or an archdeacon of the diocess, should be present at the hearing of every such case, provided that, in case the selection should not be by lot, the accused party should have the right of peremptorily challenging any four ofthe eight members so firstly chlosen, the Hon. and Rev. SAAIUEL BEsT moved the entire omission of the clause, and the substitution for it of the fol- "0 That in all causes whatever, involving questions of offence against the settled doctrine of the united church of England and Ireland as by law established, or questions pertaining to the ritual or divine service of the said church, the cause shall be brought by the bishop of the diocess for trial before Her Majesty in her Privy Council, and be heard by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council- to which should be added, under Her Majesty's sign manua, the archbishopof theprovincefrom whichlthecausecame, andsixarchbishops or bishops elected annually for the purpose by or from the archbishops and bishops of the united church of England and Ireland; the Regius and Margaret Professors of Divinity of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge; the Regis Professor of Divinity of the lUniversity of Dublin - and the Professor of Divinity of the UJniversity of Durham ; to form a court for the hearing of every such cause; and that all archbishops, bishops, and professors forming part of such court should have voices in any judgment, in the same manner as the original members of theJudicial Committee, provided that no archbishop nor bishop out of whose diocess the cause had come, nor any person not being a member of the Church of England, should be competent to sit in such court."' He said he felt a serious and insuperable difriculty in permitting any sulch clause as clanse 11. to pass through that house, seeing that it propesed that each bishop should be a judge of the doctrine of the church in his owls diocess, so that they might haveas manly different doctrines establishled as the doctrine of the Church of England as there were bishops in the church. He contended it was, above aU things, necessary that there should be unity in the church (hear, hear), and that the bishops should be administrators of the church and not judges of doctrine, and that to the whole body of bishops should be referred that which should he denied to any one of them. To effect that he knew no other mode than that prescribed by the amendment he had proposed. The PRev. MIr. Sirouui rose to order, contendig that the amendment of Mr. Best did not lie within the scope of the request which came down from the Upper House on the preceding day in reference to the consideration of the report of the committee. Mr. BEST would not hesitate to say in that place that he did not admit the power of the Upper House to seed down and tell this House what they were and what they were not to debate. It was only the day before that two discordant resolutions came down from the Upper House-the one that this House was not to discuss a particular part of the report, and the other that they were to discuss it. With that remark he would simply propose that the clause he had read be substituted for that of the committee. A short conversation ensued, at the conclusion of which the motion of Mr. Best was put and negatived. The Archdeacon of BERKSHERE then moved the substitution for thie 11th clause of a clause to the effect that cases involving questions of offences against the doctrine of the united churchof England and Ireland, or questions pertaining to the ritual or divine service of the said church, should be tried, as heretofore, upon articles exhibited in the bishop's court, without the intervention of any such court as had been preposed by the committee for the trial of offences of other descriptions. He said he was of opinion that the present course of dealing with questions of this sort by articles in the bishop's court was better than the appointmens of a new court for the purpose. The association of the bishop with a council of presbyters in the manner proposed y this 11th paragraph, he contended, was 'ute inconsistent with the notion of an episcopal church. If the bishop waste be a judge at all, he should be sole judge, and unencumbered by a body of presbvters; otherwise, he would be constantly brought into collisions of opinion with his presbytercs, and there would be perpetual passages of rhetorical arms between them, which would be comfortable to none of the parties concerned, and anything but adyantageous to the welfare of the church at large. The Dean of BRISTOL thought it highly desirable that they should preserve to the bishop the announcement of the sentence upon his own responsibiHty, without the interference of any other person-whomsoever -that was, so long as the bishop held to the law and the facts. The sentence ought to be vith the bishop, and he should have been glad if Convocation would look upon the matter in the same light; but he knew they would not, and it was therefore in vain to move upon the subject. The Rev. Canon WORDSWORTs said he conceived that one of the great evils which affected the Church of England at the present time was this, that the bishops of it were p nlaced in a very unnatural position; that they promulgated decrees of their own without ever having the advice of their presbyters, and consequently those derees came fordard as imperial edicts, so to speak, of one man, instead of havin the sympathy and concurrence of the representatives of the church at large in their respective dioceses. He therefore thought it desirable that the bishops should have associated with them in such cases their presbyters, for the purpose of representing to them the opinions of their clergy, and for no other purpose; and he would submit to the Archdeacon of Berkshire the propriety of not doing anything to impair the anient and just authority of the bishops. Chancellor M1AII proposed, as an amendment, to add to the end of clause 11 the words "and upon the hearing of such cause the bishlops should determine the same, and pronounce the sentence thereupon." The Rev. Mr. MIAssIKGBeERD reminded the House that there was strong reason for believing that in early times the jrisdiction of the bishops was not xercised:! over their clergy without the concurrence and counsel of their presbytars, and that St. Cyprian spoke of Cornelius, Bishop of Rome, as having a council of presbyters. He would adhere to the original clause, because be thought it far preferable, and much more in accordance with the practiceof the primitive church than the amendment of the Archdeacon of Berklsure. - The Archdeacon of SAR17M supported the amendment. Archdeacon GRANT submitted that they were much more likely to prevent arbitrary dedsions if they provided for the bishop all the advice with which it was possible to surround him. The consequence of the bishop acting solely in cases of this Idnd had been that he had almost invariably delegatedhisepiscopalauthority toa layman. Hethought it desirable that they should, as far aspossible, in any measures which they recommended, place all their ecclesiastical procedure upon as firn aud primitive a basis as possible. The amendment of Chancelor Martin was then put. and carried, and the Archdeacon of Berkshire thereupon withdrewv his motion. The clause was eventually settled and agreed to -with the addition proposed by Chancelor Martin and some other verbal amendmnents. ISAL ".PEAL I qUEstIOS OF DOCTRINE. The House then passed to the consideration of clause 14, which stated that, "in approaching the subject of a court of final appeal in questions of doctrine the committee felt that they were entering upon the most grave and important of the mattersreferred to their consideration, in wnichthey "ere required to maintain the supremacy of the Crown, as the ulti-ate source of justice and redress to every subiect complaining of 'wArong, whether in matters ecclesiastical or civi, and at the same time to secure to the church a just andfimpartial interpretation of the settled formaularies of her faith byporsons qualified for their ofice, and acquaintance with the course of law ecclesiastical, to decide Archdeacon DENisox, who had on the paper a notice of an amendment, to the effect that it was expedient that any recommendation to be made by this House upon the subject of a court of final appeal in questions of doctrine be accomsparied by an epression of the prayer of this House that tConvocation be allowed the free exercise of its declaratory power in respect of doctrine on such occasions as such exercise might appear to Convocation to be necessary for the vell-being of the church, said he had resolved upon withdrawing it in favour of one which the Archdeacon of Maidstone had given notice of his intention to move. He added that he should prefer that the House should come to no recommendation whatever with regard to the constitution of the final court of appeal, for he could not but feel that, though it was undoubtedly true that Convocation was-,a coastitutional body co-ordinatewith Parliament, that it was lawfully assembled, andthatithad a right to deliveritsopiamon to Parliament on matters so nearly affecting the State andvell-being of the Church of England. He could not conceal froin himself that it did but very Imperfectly represent even the clergy of the province of Canterbury, and that in no sense di itrepresentthe whole body of the clergy. He hoped that whatever else might come of this debate they would pausebefore theyput their hand to anyrecomnmendation as to the constitutionof the court :of appeal, remembering that in the event of any recommendation they might mnake on the subjectwithout due deliberation beiig made the basis of any law, it would likely continue the law of the church for a very long period. (Hiear, hear.) The Archdeacon of 2L.msToNB then moved the substitution of the following resolutions for clause 14-" 41. That, in the judgment of this House, the princi les to be kept in view, in the constitution of a court of final appeal are those which were fully and carefully embodied, at the time of the Reformation, in the preamble to the Statate of Appeals (24 Henry VIII., c. 12), in which it is declared that the reaul mof England is an empire, governed by one Head and King; a body politic, composed of the piritualty and the temporalty; the Sovereign being furnished, by the goodness and sufferanceof Ahighty God,vwith plenarypower and jurisdiction to render justice ana final determnination to all his subjects, without restraint or appeal to any foreign prince or potentate; that the body spiritual having power, when any cause of the law Divine happened to come into question, or of spintual learning, then it was declared, interpreted, and showed by that part of the body politic called the spiritualty, now commonly called the English churcb which always hath been reputed, and found subyicient and meet of itself, sithout the mtermeddling of any exterior person or persons, to declare and determine all such doubts, and to administer all such offices and duties as to their rOoms spiritual doth appertain; and the laws temporal, adm7nistered, adjudged, and executed by sundry judges and nmitsters of the temporalty- and both these .authorities and jurisdictions conjoining together in the due administration of justice, the one to help the other. 2. That, admitting the disclaimer, by judges in a cause of final appeal, of any jurisdiction or authority to settle matters of With, which office belongs to the church alone, and recognizing the proper function of such court to be simply that of appying of her authoritative decisions, as contained in the setled formularies of her faith and worship, agreed upon in her provincal synods, to the particular cause in hand, dealing in a just and impartial manner with the doctrinal statements which may cozne before it, in rendering justice in such cause, this House yet feels it right to declare that no arrangement would appear to it to be satisfactory which did not give full security that all questions involving points of doctrine should be dealt with, under the authority of, the Crown, by the spiritualty, assisted by such legal persons as might be deemed necessary for the ends of jusuce." Dr. GRAs\T, the Archdeacon of St. Alban's, seconded the resolutions in a speech of some length, in which he contended, as well on the ground of ancient usage. until within the last 15 or 20 years. as of that of the peculiar nature of the questions brought for decision, which were altogether of a spiritual bind, that offences against the settled doctrine of the church should be dealt with by a tribunal composed wholly of spiritual persons. Dr. EmoTr, the Dean of Bristol, in an able speech, denied, and cited authorities from history, civil and ecclesiastic, to prove the assertion, that at any period had the kingdom of Engiaud acknowvledged that laws mi-ht be passed and placed as a yoke on the people of England by the clergy, legislatig simply by themselves and apart from laymen. CJhancellor sI.Tsnr contended that it would be a great evl to confine the adjudication of matters of doctrine to divines only, seeing that they often-and naturally so, for they were but huma-approached the discussion of them in a spirit of agitation, which rendered it highly important that in such adjudication they should have associated with themother persons of high judicial intelligence. He protested against the idea that such a court should consist of divines only. The Rev. Canon WoRDswoRn expressed his satisfaction that, without entering into details, they were now about to assert aprinciple in a matter, the importance of wvlich, as well as the difficulties with which it was surrounded, could not be overrated. But he thought an omission had beeni made in confining the historical v iew of the question to onie particular period, instead of extending it to primitive times. Whatever might be the result of this discussion, he hoped that that might be a day which wou-ld give comfort to many languishing hearts and disquieted spirts of faithful, but at the same time wavering members of the Church of England, wvho viewed with alarm the prospect or the possibility of the doctrine of that church, whenever it came to be dispinted, being authoritatively interpreted by other than- spiritual persens. Hfe lamented the disposition to treat a question of this import;ance with reference to what might be considered acceptable to the world in the present day. (Hear, hear.) For himself, he wanted to see matters of a civil Idnd decided by civil Judges, and those that were spiritual by an ecclesias6tical tribunal. The discussion was continued by the Rev. Xr. Massingberd, Canon Woodgate, the Rev. Mr. Xandolph, and the Archdeacon of Taunton, and, eventually, the Prolocutor put the resolutions to the House, the first of which was carried by a majority of 38 to 8, and the second by a mniority of 37 to 9. It was further agreed, upon the motion of -Mr. ArchdeaconHarrison, that the two resolutions should take the place of clause It in the report. It being found impossible to get through the report today, the Prolocutor, accompanied by his assessors, proceeded to the IJpper House, for the purpose of obtaining from his Grace leave to sit another sesswon. Upon his return he stated that the Upper House had given permission for the House to meet to-morrow, The House then adjourned at 7 o'clock until to-morrow (this day).
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. CA=RIDGE, AIL 16. At a Congregation held this day the following degrees were conferred:- HoxonA".Y MiSTERlS or APnis. William Leonard Holmes A'Court (grandson of Lrd Heytesbury), St. John's; John Moyer Hcathcote (Royal descent), Trinity; John Lindsay Carnegie (Royal descent), Trinity. MASTERlS OF Ms.T Henry Thomas Stephen Dicey, Trinity; Henry Ware, Trinity; Laurence Craven, Trinity; Willian Ogden; St. John's; James John Rowe, St. John's; Benjamin laila Williams, St. John's; George Farncomb Wright, Corpus; Alfred l?ownall, St. Catherine's Hall; Alfred Newtdn, Magdalene; John George Gregory, Caius; William Booker, St. Peter's; William Calder, Qaeen's; Samuel Green, Sidney Sussex. BAChELORS OF ARTS. George Ienry Duncan Mathias, King's- William Edmund Smith, St. John's; David Alexanler Gibbs, St. John's; John Boucher, St. John's; Frederic Bagshaw, St. John's; David George Day, St. John's - William YAlIymple Maclogan, St. Peter's; Sabine Barig Gould, Clare; Abraham Henley Xumbhold, Corpus; Pobert Thompson, Pembroke: Thomas 3Iorton Ne:therc$it, Christ's; John James zPegbn., Eimmanuel; Arthur -l,laasome, Cahus.
AGLRIcAN MNL.-The steamer Ericsson sailea from Liverpool for New York yesterday morning with 10 passengers and a fair cargo, besides the usual mails. WRECw or oF Ax- &=RcAx .ARB;K NAi D.r-.- Durinl the past few days a complete gale has beei blowing from the east and east-by-north, and it is feared tbat many casnalties have happened round the coast. One vessel (an American) has been wrecked in the immediate vicinity of DeaL Between 7 and 8 o'clock on Tuesday morning sirnals of distress were observed froma a vessel off Kingsdo n ut 3 miles from Deal), and a boat immediately put off tober assistance ; but it was then too late to be of any service, as she was fst drifting on to the shore. In a few minutes afterwards the vessel was blown right on to the beach, to the north of Kingsdown church, on her larboard side, with her starboard broken in. As soon as she struck the captain ordered her masts and rigging to be cut, which was quickly accomplished. Her name is the Blanchard, Captain Lawrance, of Yarnouth, United States, 598 tons register, from Charleston for Brermen. She is laden wtith cotton. She had on hoard (in additicn to 9 men before the mast and the captain and mates} a man, woman, and child as passengers, the whole of whom have been saved. It appears that she left Charleston on Good Friday, and has experienced very indifferent weather. She was offDover on Sunday night, and was riding with two anchorsdown, whenoneof them parted, and sle drifted abount until she strack on Tuesday morning, where she is now lying. Tke crew, with assistance, have been endeavourimg to get out the cargo, but it is so sw ollen that it is with difficultytheyapproach the bulk. The Blanchard is a fne strong-built vessel, about eight or nine years old, but it is elieved that the next tide wll break her up.- Te wind is still blowing strong from the east-by-north. The water is out in the marshes in this district, and it is reported tfiat considerable losses have been sustained by the graziers, and hat many ewes and lambs have been lost.
PABLIAMENTABY ITRULLWIEBCE. TECOUSE OF COAnIONS, WEDESDAY, M1.4crI 16. The Rouse met at 12 o'clock. Mr. FnTZGcAnD took the oaths and his seat for Ennis, having been re-elected upon his appointment to the offlce of Attorney-General for Ireland. Mr. E. BALL wished to present a petition from certain sharehlolders in the Eastern Counties Raiway, praying the Rouse not to pass a bil intToduced by the directors of that 2ndertaking to sanction illegal loans and to effect other objects. The SPEAXER informed the hon. gentleman that the petition was irregular; it related to a private bill, and might, therefore, to be deposited at the Private Bill-office. Petitions were presented by Mr. D. WiLnAsms, from 3. P'. Mayor, the Redruth board of guardians, Robert Blee, and others, praying that mines may be rated for the relief of the poor; from C. fennetts, Tregony; J. J. A. Bullock, Constantine: J. Moyle, Scify Islands; G. Vaudry, Hayle; ,f. Tucker Week, St. Mar_s; G. Jewell, St. Columb - A. 3fr. Illingworth, Fowey; G. A. Michell, Gwennap; W. G. Anguin, Mlarazeon; in favour of the ,Medical Bim by .r. WIclxms, from the superintending constables of the West Riding of Yorkshire, praying for the insertion of a clause in the Police Bill granting compensation for the loss of office - by hir. PxATT, from the dealers and consumers of bay and straw in the metropolis, praying for an investigation into the gross frauds in the hay trade ; by Mr. CROOX, from the board ofguardians of the Bolton Union against certain r oisions of the bill to amend the Vaccination Acts; by Mr. GREGSoNC, -from the Incorporated LaIv Society of attorneys, solicitors, and proctors, praying not to be prohibited from acting as justices of the peace; bys Sir 3M. J. STEWART, froni the Provost and town-council of Pollokshaw, in favour of an alteration of the billeting system in Scotland; from the minister and Kirk Session of Eastwood, against the grant to laynooth; by Mr. BAXTER, from the East Free Church, Forfar, and the East Free Church, Arbroath, against the grant to Maynooth - by Sir J. M&TxEsox-, (2) from Stornoway, against the Maynooth Grant ; and (1) from Alness, against repealing the oath of abjuration; by Mr. MEGIER (2) from Waterford, and by Mlr. HnnrD, from Kinsale, and the Kinsale tosn commisSiOners, praying for the abolition of ministers money in Ireland; and by Colonel WAtTKIs. from the Independent congregation of Blethania, Talgarth, Brecknockshire, praying the House to discontinue all public grants, and to repeaL all lawvs wvhereby temporal provision is made for any religious teaching or worship in Irland. JUSTICES OF THE PEACE QUALIFICATION BILL. The House then went into committee on this bill. Clauses 1 and 2 were agreed to. On clause 3, Mr. HORSMAN moved a verbal amendment to extend the operation of the measure to Ireland as wel as to England and Wales. Sir R. FERGUSON thought that a separate bill ought to be introduced for Ireland, the peculiarities of the tenure of land in that country taking it out of the same category with England. 3Mr. HORSMANsaid, that this subject had been maturely considered, vhen it was found that no reason existed why one law shouild not be applied to both countries. P Mr. I. BUTT supported the amendment, being opposed to exceptional legislation for Ireland. The amendment was then adopted and the clause agreed to, as wvere also clauses 4, 5, and 0. On clause 7, Mr. CHILD moved the substitution of the words " such county, riding, or division," for " England and Wales." The object of the alteration was, by rendering it necessary that the property constituting the qualification of a justice shouldexistinthe localityinwhichhe exercisedhis functions, to maintain a local connexion betwveen the magistracy and the counties in wvhich they had jurisdiction. The control which justices possessed over the county expenditure made it desirable that their property should be situated in the district from -which the funds were levied. Mr. MIILES hoped the amendment would not be pressed. Its adoption would embarrass the administration of justice by disqualifying magistrates living on the confines of two counties from acting oficially in both. M1r. BAINES viewed the amendment as an innovation vhich must work very inconveniently in the cases pointed out by the last speaker. Justices ought to be enabled to exercise their functions in contermiiinois counties. 3Mr. L. DAVIES believed that the amendment -would disqualify one-fourth of the magistracy of England. IfE Agistrates were prohibited from rendering assistance to a neighbouring bench in cases of emergency, the restriction would often amount to a practical denial of justice. M1r. COLVILE (the author of the bill) truisted that the committee would support him in resisting this amendment, wshich, if carried, wvould render it impossible to administer the law, particularly in cases affecting railways, which often ran through several different counties. Justices acting judicially in adjoining counties wvould, as at present, mnake it a point of honour to abstain from voting on questions relating to the rates of other counties than their Mr. VAN-SITTA RT thought that land in Scotland should qualify for the office of juestice of the peace in England as w ell as the receipt of interest or dividends. A clause ought, *howvever, to he inserted, expressly precluding magistrates, when acting in adjacent counties, from exercising any powver over the county rates. Mr. CIHILD intended, if his amendment wvere assented to, to move as a proviso, that any magistrate should he empowsered to act, in all matters affecting the preserv-ation of the peace, in any county bordering upon his owvn. Colonel DIYNZE objected to the ex-tension of the bill to Ireland. Mr. ADDERLEY regarded the question a1S one not betwveen real and personal property, hut of local interest. The proviso suggested by the mover of the amendment wvould obviate the objection raised to the latter, and wrould merely have the effect of preventing magistrates from ex;ercising jurisdiction inna distant county in wvhich they had no qualificaxtion, real or personaxl Mr. B AIN-ES recommnended the wvithdrawa.l of the amendment, and that a clause should be moved at a subsequent stage, if necessary, to divest justices of any pow>er over the county-rates of an adjoininlg county. M1r. R.OBERT PALMER viewv the proposal ts disqualify jus¢tices fromsaffording judicialassistance atneighbouringpetty sessions as too restrictive; but at the same time remarked that there wvas nothing of wvhich the farming class of ratepayers w ere more jealous than that members of the bench should have authority over the financial business of districts with w-hich they wvere not locally connected. The feeling was that, if these gentlemen wvere rated themselves, they wvould be more careful howr they voted awvay the money of the tamx payers. The observation had been made to him repeasediy, "IfMr. A\. or MWr. B. had to contribute his share to the county rates, he wvould he a little more careful in their distribution.' (Hear.) WVhy should a man who had no stake in a county have a voice in the application of the funds of that county ? He had heard it suggested that no person who was not assessed in his ow-n name or in that of tenants to the poor-rate or to the county rate, or wvho h.adnot property in a county, shlould be qualified to act, either w.ith regard to general or financial business, as a magistrate for such county. Mrl. K;. SEYMIER thought that if the proposal involved in the bill were adopted, it wvould have the effect of exciting considerable jealousy, for twvo classes of magistrates would be appointed, the one class exercising mag,isterial functions in criminal cases, while the other class would he *restricted to the control of financial affairs. M1r. CHILD said, on the understanding that the Government wvould consider thle exipediency of introducingt such alterations as would meet his viewvs, he wvould svithdrawv his amendment. The amendment w,as accordingly withdrawsn. Mr. RfOR,SMAN moved that in line 6, after the word "WAales," the wvords " or wvithin Ireland, as the case mnay he," be inserted.- MIr. I. BUTTi thought the best course would be to estaklish a general qualification, so that persons possessing a qualifica^tion in England might act as magistrates in Ireland, while persons possessing a qualification in Ireland might exercise magisterial functions in England. Mr. COLVILE vwas of opinion that an English magistrate should pos-sess a qualification in England, and that an Irish magistrate should have a qualification in that country.| The amendment was agreed to. MEr. VAS-SITTAJRT moved that the words " united kingdom," be substitusted for "EIingland .and Wales." MEr. BOUVElIE said. thebill would etabklis twvo dis1hnct - aficatious,-a qualification in landed property of 10.a-year, and a quaflification in personal property of oOOI. a-ye.ar. As he understood the bill, landed proprietors would bequa-lifiedSto act as magistrates only in the counties in which their property was situated, while possessors of personal property-, which aight ho derived from estates in Jam aica or Trinidad, or from investments in the French fuinds, could be appointed magistrates in any part of the kingdom. Colonel DUJENNE thought it rather anomalous, according to the viewv of the bill taken by the last speak-er, that, while the receipt of :300l. a-year from the Tipperary Bank wvould be a qualificationl for an English magistrate, the possession of landed property-in Tipperary to the required amount woutld not confer such a qualificationl. (A baiunbi Mr. DRU-1MMOND was of opinion that a man should possess a qualication in the county in wlhich he acted as a magistrate. Wbat was the argument used by the Manchester gentlemen who some time since brought forward a bill upon this subject? They complained that magistrates who had no sympathy with the ratepayers voted away the public money at quarter sessions, and they contended that the ratepayers ought to have a voice in the application of the funds. The fact was that the magistrates were generally the largest ratepayers, either themselves or through their tenantry; but now a parcel of retired tradesmen, who paid no rates e.xcept for their little trumpery lodginas (a laugh), were allowed to squander away the money of the ratepayers, and completely to outvote all the landed proprietors. (Hear, hear.) There was a good dealof justice in the scheme of the Manchester gentlemen, but the difficulty -was to establish machinery by which their object could be attained. mir. HEY WOOD agreed tllat magistrates wsho were not ratepayers ought not to take a part in tIme management of the financialaflhirs of counties. The amendment was then negatived. Sir R. FERGUSON observed that the clause required, as one of the qualifications of a justice of the peace, that he should be entitled to an estate in lands, or in the rents and profits of lands for the life of some person living, or for a term of which not less than 30 years should be unexpired. The effect of this clause, if applied to Ireland, would be to disq,alify a great number of imlost active magistrates, and be w;ould therefore move tle substitution of " 21 years" for "30 years." j 1ir STAEFOPLD suggested that astlmere was SO material a difference between the circumstances of England and Ire land it was advisable that the present bill should apply only to England, and that the Secretary for Ireland should introduce a separatebill with reference to that country. (Hear.) They ought either to treat the Irish counties in the same manner in which they dealt with the English countics, or a new bill applicable to Irelind should be imtroduced. Mr. HOESMAL thought that, whenever it was possible the amie legislation should be applied to England and Ireland. (Hear, hear.) He knew of no case in which such equal legislation could be adopted more simply and satisfactorily than with regard to the qualifications of justices of the ceace, and he saw no reason why the qualification which this bill would establish in England should not be equally applicable to Ireland. Mr. NAPIER said, that in the first instance this bill was intended to apply solely to England, and, if its operationwere extended to Ireland, he thought that object ought to be accomplished by provisions which had been carefully prepared and well considered. Sir R. FERGUSON had been somewhat surprised at the proposal to apply this bill to Ireland, and would suggest. that, unless gre.at cauion were exercised, the effect of that apvlication would be to disqualifr a great number of most valuable magistrates. He recommnended that a separate bill should be introduced with referencejto the qnalification of Irish magistrates, and he believed that if such a measure were prepared by the law officers of the Crownt for Ireland it would be passed in half the time that would be spent in discussing the mode in which the present bill should be applied to Ireland. Sir J. TROLLOPE observed that the object of requiring magistrates to possess a property qualification was to in. sure their sympathy with the ratepayers of those counties in which they exercised a control over the local taxation. This bill, however, did not provide that iagis. trates should have qualifications in the particular counties in which they exercised magisterial functions, for their qualifications might be derived from colonial estates, from investments in foreign stocks, or from personal property. He really thought the most simple course, and that most in accordanc wvith common sense, would be to abelish the property qualification for magistrates altogether, rather than maintain an ineffective system of qualifications, which would afford no security for the proper administration of the county funds. (Hear, hear.) MIr. HENLEY suggested that the better course would be for the Government to take up this question, and upontheir own responsibility to bring in bills applicable both to England and to Ireland. (Hear.) Hedi. not think that niaistrates had been required to possess a property qualification simply because they had to transact the financial business of counties, but in order that if, in the exercise of the extensive powers vested in them, theyeaused persons to be improperly imprisoned, those who complained of the rwrongdoing might find that they were "werth fpowder and shot." (A laugh.) It was no satisfaction to a man to put a magistrate in gaol because he had himself been wrongfully imprisoned; but he would feel the benefit of being ab le to put damages in his pocket. Mr. G. BUTT declared that the bill as it now stood would have a retrospective effect. According to the wording of the 7th clause a magistrate would be required to possess the stipulated qualification at all times, and not merely at the date of his appointment, Mr. BASS said, that to prohibit magistrates from acting in counties where they had no property would be to disqualify many of the existing justices of the peace. Mr. DEEDES objected to the bill altogether, and would, at the proper time, move the omission of the last three paragraphs of the 7th clause. Lord NAAS hoped the committee would come to a distinct understanding as to whether the bill was to be retrospective or not. Nothing could be more unjust than to declare old magistrates disqualified because they did not possess the new qualifications set forth in the present bilL The CHANCELOR of the EXCHEQUER said, his own individual opinion was that the bill would have a retrospective effect. The 7th clause would prevent magistrates qualified under the existing acts from continuing to act, unless their qualifications coincided with the provisions of the bill. On the other hand, the 6th clause seemed to have a different meaning, and it was important that the author of the biU should explain his intentions. Lord NAAS gave notice that, on a future occasion, he should move that the bill do not apply to past appointments. Mr. COLVYLE said;, it was not the intention of the promoters of the bill that it should be retrospective, and words to be construed in that sense had been introduced into the 5th and 11th clauses. Mr. MILES maintained that the bill as printed would not have a retrospective effect. Mr. HENLEY suggested that a postponement should take place until the Law- officers of the Crown had been consulted on the question. Mfr. HOESMAN said that if any doubt was entertained as to the propective character of the bil a few -words introduced at the beginning of the 7th clause would settle it. M Er. BOUVE1IE argued that, as regarded England, the bill was reasonably retrospective, because, here it would leave existing magistrates where it found them; but in Ireland, where the present qualification was very lowv, it would doubtless make a considerable change, and it was a question for consideration whether it should be made retrospective in that country. Mr. NAPIER called attention to the difference of opinion which existed on the Treasury bench; and Mr. H. VERNON moved that the Chairman report progress, and ask leave to sit again. The Committee divided, when there voted:- For reporting progress ... ... .. 115 Against it ... ... .:. ... ... 74 Majority ... ... ... - -41 The House accordingly resumed. MINISTERS' MONEY (IRELAXD) BILL. Mr. FAGAN moved the second reading of this bill. Mr. G. A. HAMILTON, in rising to move that the bill be read a second time that day six months, said that if he could believe that there was any injustice in the present system of raising ministers' money, oreven any substantial grievance affecting the religious feelings of the people, he would not for one moment stand in the way of the rectification or removal of that injustice or grievance; hut ministers' money was a charge upon property not upon persons, and every grievance connected with it was removed by the act passed in 1854 by SirJ. Young. A plain statement of the origin of the tax woldprove conclusively that it inficted no injustice upon individuals. The act establishing ministers' money was passed in 1665, and was contained in the Act of Declaration, 14th and 15th of Charles I., chap. 2, which was in the following terms:- " Provided always, that whereas the corporations of Ireland are now planted with English, who have considerably improved at their own charges, and brought trade and manufacturesintothat our kingdom, and by their settleinent there do not a little contribute to the peace and settlementfof that country, the disturbing or removing of which English would in many respects be very prejudicial, allsuch of the Popish religion of any corporations in Ireland, who have been for public security dispossessed of their estates within any corporation, shall be foithwith reprized in forfeited lands, tenements, and hereditaments near the said corporations, to the full value, worth, and purchase of such estate as they were dispossessed of within such corporation; and that particularly the Popish inhabitants of Cork, Youghali, and Einsale shall have undisposed forfeited lands let eat to them in the baronies of Bai-rymore and Muskerry, in the county of Cork, accordisig to the respective decrees passed in that behalf. 34. That we do lastly declare that Protestant plantations shall be settled, corporations created, churches erected, maintenance for preaching ministers provided, within the limits and precincts of the lands so to be settled on the adventurers and soldiers, in such manner as the commissioners to be nominated shall set down." The provisions of that act were specific; and if, after it, persons acquired property in these towns they did it subject to the liability under which the property was sold. He could not see howv a measure of this kind could be regarded as a just proposition when its effect would be to relieve property bought under certain restrictions of the duties to which it was liable, and to deprive ministers of the church of endowments to which they were entitled. The noble lord at the head of the Government was quite right when he said two years ago that this was a question of property; because, clearly, it was a question of that nature, and not one of religion. In the system as originally carried out there were, no doubt, grievances, but all those had been altered. Headmitted that the valuation on which the assessment was msade had been unfair and inequitable; but the valuation of the Poor Law Board -was now adopted in preference to the antiquated foundation, and there was no longer any ground for complaint either as respected the mode or the aamount of the assessment. He thought that a final and conclusive arranee ment had been made two years ago, and he trusted that tle Government would not now disturb it. He would not refer in detail to the effect of this measure if carried, but he believed that it wouild set at nought the whole of the provisions of the Church Temporalities Act, and that it would most unjustly interfere with the distribution of the funds which were placed at the disposal of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners. He moved as an asnendment that the bill should be read a second time that day six months, and he hoped that the Govermment wvould support Isis amendment. Mr. MEAGHER looked upon the act which confirmed the ministers' money as a supplement to the penal code, which disgraced the laws of this country. Mr. BLACK hoped that the measure would be carried. The tax sought to be repealed corresponded exactly with that wliich was known in Scotland as the " annuity tax," and it was felt to be a great hardslip upon the people of that country. It was not the amount, but the principle, which made the tax an annoyance and a grievance. Ir. MIA IL was astonished, after the vote of the previous night, how any one could support an endowment in favour of any class. It appeared to him that in all ecclesiastical m atters the right of the strong against the weak prevailed. " Get what you can, and prevent every one else from sharin g in it," seemed to be the pervading Principle in our ecclesi astical policy. He was amused at the wonderful similarity of the arguments brought forward on all these occasions. In the first place there was always a " compact," and every in- justice which was done to those who couldn't help them- selves was justified on the plea that our forefathershad behaved theniselves iniqiuitously, and that they had taken care so to make the arrangement as to compel their descendants to act in the same manner. Hle could not admit as of any weight the argument that this was a tax upon property, because every.ax was a tax upon property-at least it took property out of our pockets to put into those of some one else. At 41 events, whatever it was, he was satisfied that if the Government consulted the peace and social tranquility of the country they would at once take steps to get rid of all these anomalies, and to cure those injustices which every one who was subjected to them must feel, and which no arguments could heaL This tax yielded scarcely anything to the revenue, and, arguing u on every princi le of analogy, it was clearly the d uty of th e H ouse toabolish it. Lord BERNARD opposed the bill. The question had been settled by the act of 1854, and lie thought that there could be no doubt that there was a debt due from the property which was charged with this tax to the ministers of the establishment. Originally none but Protestants could hold property within the towns where ministers' money was charged, and Catholics therefore, who either purchased or inherited such property, did so with a perfect cognizance of the liabilities which they incurred. He hoped that it was not the intention ef the Governmnent to disturb the ar eaugement which had so recently been arrived at, and thereby to create doubt and dissatisfaction in the mninds of the people of Ireland.! Mr. HORSYA said, that it was his duty, on behalf of the Goverument, to state what was the course which they felt it their duty to adopt with regard to a question so difficult and embarrassing as the present. The question regarding mninisters' money in Ireland was not, as it might at first sight appear to be, a local or an isolated question, but it involved a subject of imperial interest. It had been stated that the tax of ministers' money did not depend upon persons, hut upon property, and that it was the possession of property, and that alone, wvhich rendered persons liable to the tax. Nowv, putting the matter upon that footing, it became one of a class of questions wvith which that House was famnilar. In England there were the church rates, and in Scotand the annuity tax, both of which were defended upon the same ground. The fallacy of that- argument appeared to him to be that it was assumed thatthatHouse had no right to entertain any principle which was contrary to law, howeverwise andipolitic it might be to make some alteration in the law; and it was matter of experience that the particular class of questions which had of late years been most urgently pressed upon the attention of Parliament w;as that which involved the consideration of liability to taxation as connected with property. The question of church-rates was an example. In the ear 1530 the Govern. ment of the day endeavoured to dealjwith that question; but in every subsequent session some hon. member had proposed a change, which successive Governments had year after year resisted until last year, when public opinion, acting through its representatives, defeated Government upon that question. During the present session no less than three motions upon the subject had been brought before that House, and at last Government, acting upon public opinion thus ascertained, determined, as a matter of policy, to support the motion of the hon. member for the Tower Hamlets. The annuity tax in Scotland had occasioned demonstrations of opinion of a similar character, and onaccount of disturbances in Edinburgh, commissioners had been sent there to inquire into the subject, and intheyear 1852 a select committee of that House having been appointed for a similar purpose, they reported that they were impressed with the necessity, both on account of the interests of religion and for the sake of the peace and good government of Edinburgh, of coming vithout delay to some final settlement of a question whieh had up to that time produced results which aU must deplore, and which, without such a settlement, would continue to be a source of dessension and disturbance. No doubt the tax of ministers' money in Ireland differed in some respects from that of church-rates in England, because the latter was an old tax and applicable to the whole country; but the objections raised to beth were founded upon the same principle, which was that those who professed one religious creed should not be compelled to support the reli. gious services of one from which they differed; and the annuity tax in Scotland was analogous to the tax of ministera' nioney in Ireland. lie had been surprised to hear the line of argument adopted by the hon. member for the Uni. versity of Dublin, because he could remember that the hon. member for Cork had extracted from theGovernment of Lord Derby that ministers' money was a grievance, and also a pledge that a measure should be introduced to remedy that grievance. The presentposition of the Govern. ment with regard to this question was one of great embarrassment, and their difficulty had been greatly increased by recent leg,islation. He meant the act of 1854, which at the time it was passed had been termed a final settlement of the question. N ow, in his opinion,t that act from first to last was a series of mistakes-mistakes such as hon. gentlemen were always liable to fall into when they cndeavoured to makea small compromise with a great principle. (Hear, hear.) The objects of that act were to afford some alleviation of the grievance complained of, and to free the clergy from the odium of being the coliectors of the tax. An endeavour was made to accompish the firstobjectby excluding houses under the value of 101. per annum from the operation of the tax; but it appeared from returns which had been lald before Parliament that the number of houses of that description in the towns liable to the tax formed only one-fifth part of the whole number, so that the alleviation of the grevance had been in point of fact merely nominal. Then again, the collection of the tax had been thrown upon themunicipalbodies and Poor-law guardians, upon the understanding that the clergy were to receive 75 er cent. of the money collected, and what the municipal oodies did not receive was to be considered a debt to the Crown, of which the lord-lieutenant was to enforce the payment. Now, the first mistake in the act was to exempt houses under 101. a-year, because on what principle should a house valued at 101. a-year pay the tax, when those valued at 91. 19s. 11-3,d. escaped? and the next was that in order to relieve the clergy from the odium of collecting the tax, they were given in lien of 100 per cent. of a certain sum, which it was true they had to collect with great difficulty, 75 per cent. of a nominal income to be paid to them by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners. The most serious mistake, however, was to impose upon the municipal bodies-the very bodies -which had always agitated against the tax-the collection of it. He could not conceive any provision Imore likely to defeat its ow n object; and what had been the result? Why, every one of those municipal bodies had expressed a determination not only to resist the payment of the tax, but also not to take the slightest part in enforcing the payment of it upon others. When he was in Dublin a large deputation from those bodies had waited upon him, and had expressed most strongly and decidedly, although most respectfully, their determination not to enforce the payment of this tax. He had upon that occasion felt it his duty to state, that, as the law iniposed the obligation of collecting the tax upon those bodies, it would be the duty of the Government to see that that obligation was performed. There was, however, another great mistake in the act, which was that, although it provided that the lord-lieutenant as representative of the Crowvn should enforce payment of that part of the tax which became a debt to the Croun, still the powers given to the lord-lieutenant were very vague and indefinite. Then, again, there was in the act a provision to allow a redemption of .the tax at a rate of 14 years' purchase, but since it had come into operation there had been in Dublin only one instance of a person who had taken advantag2e of that pow er of redemption. For the reasons, then, 'which he had mentioned, first, that the attempt to alleviate the grievance of the tax by exempting houses under the value of 104. a-year had proved an alleviation merely nominal; secondly, that the collection of the tax had been thrown into the hands of those very persons by whom Use opposition to it was chiefly carried on; thirdly, that from the defective machinery of the act there was great difficulty in enforcing it; and, fourthly, that the power of redemption had proved inoperative; lie was disposed to look upon that act with no great degree of favour. At the same time, howvever, he felt that, as the law was in existence, it was the duty of the Governmnent to enforce it, but lie candidly confessed that he shrnmk from an annual contest upon the subject. The House should, however, remember that the act had only been in operation a single year, and it was only proper and just to allow it full time to come into operation, and it would, therefore, be premature for the House at once to say that this tax sheuld be abolished. On the part of the Government, he was prepared to state that, when they had exhausted aU the means which the present law gave them of enforcing the payment of the tax, and not being desirous that the question should be annualy mooted in that house, they would be disposed to give their best endeavours to effect such a change as would bring about a settlement of this question in a manner which should do justice to al parties. When the present act had had a fair trial, if it should prove defective, if hon. gentlemen on both sides of the House agreed to consider the subject not as a party question, but with the opinion that some settlement was necessary, he believed that some arrangement might be come to which, being in itself just, would satisfy all parties. (Hear, hear.) Mr. NAPIER admitted that when he sat on the Mlinisterial side of the house he had given a pledge that he would consider this subject, and had intimated his willingness to propose a settlement of the question, having at the time a specific measure inhis mind. He'wished thatthe right hon. gentleman the Secretary for Ireland had been equally candid and ingenuous, and had stated to the House that the act of 1854 had proved a failure, and what was the remedy he propsed to apply. The right hon. g6ntleinan had said that this was one of the class-property questions. But, if it were so, did it become the Government to encourage a certain class of men to resist the law? The right hon. gentleman had also said that in case of the failur of payment on the part of the tenant the act afforded no means of enforcing its payment. He (Mr. Napier), as a lawyer ventured-to say that there were sueh means. The bib was endorsed with the names of Sir John Young, Mr. Keogh (the then Solicitor-General for Ireland), and also of -the noble lord (Palmerston), who supportedthemeasurethrough. out. Itwasreada secondtimeonthe2othof March, 1854, when the numbers were-Ayes, 203; Noes, 97; majority, 106; and among the names of its supporters were the present Solicitor-General, the present Secretary of State for the Home Department, and the noble lord the member for King's Lynn, who made a distincetion between the case of minister's money and church-rates. The right hon. gentleman (lr. Horsman) had said that the bill of 1854 had not yet had a fair trial ; but why dri-d not the right hen, gentleman let it have a fair trial? M inister's money was a tax on property and not, like church-rates, a tax upoII the person. The abolition of church-rates was expressly grounded on that distinction, and ministers' money was retained because it was a charge on property. At the same time lie admitted that there had existed great inequality and injustice in the mode of collecting the tax, and Sir John Young proposed as a remedy, that all houses rated at and *under lO,. per annum should be totally exempt. It was argued that by making this exemption the principle of the tax was given up; but the evidence whicl poured in upon the committee established the fact that the pressure of the tax upon the small occipiers constituted the principal grievance. The moment, however, it was proposed to remove that grievance an objection was raised from the most unexpected quarter-namely, those who themselves complained of the tax. He remembered one witness saying that he would rather tho grievance should remain, so that the tax might be made as objectionable as possible. The nature of ministers' money was stated in what was called the Act of Settlement. It was not the fault of Charles 1. that Englishmen were invited over at that time to introduce trade into Ireland. The property of [those towns in Ireland upon which this impost was placed was then forfeited to the Crown which made conditions with respect to it which it thought just and fitting. He thought that it was both wise and politic of the Crown at that time to impose a charge upon those towns for the pennanent provision of the ministers of the established church. The charge was part of the original arrangement, and those whoafterwardstookthose houses took them subject to that charge. The property belonged tothe Crown andit hada right to mak-e its own settlements. If he were to purchase an estate in Ireland under the Encumbered Estates Court Act, and were to find that the population on that estate had all emigrated, and then, in order to obtain a new tenantry, he were to make a charge upon the estate to provide for the maintenance of clergymen to instract them if they came, the person who had the reversion to that estate could not on any just ground refuse to pay that charge because the clergymen so provided for were of a reEgion differing from his own. It was a legal charge on the property, concerning which no question could arise. It was a question of property, and no man ought to be allowed to residt the law. T7he right hon. gentleman had said that there were no means of enforcing the law. As a lawyer, he ventured to say that the Court of Queen's Bench would not for a moment hesitate to grant a mnandamus to enforce the payment of this charge. So long as the ministere' money -was regarded as partaking of a religious character, he could understand why the Protestant clergymen in Ireland should say, "Here is a grievance pointed out by the Roman Catholics, and we do not wish to continue it." But, when the whole matter resolved itself into a question of property and was no longer affected Dy the religious element, he then saw no reason why it should not be enforced like all other charges. If Government conceived there was a grievance in collecting this tax all at once why did they not on their own resnosihlty propose some simple remedy? Why should the right hon. gentlernan the Secretary for Ireland come forward and make a speech calculated to inflame the minds of the people againstthe tax? Itwasa matter concerning the a m ration of law and justice, and it was not becoming of a member- of the Government first to excite the minds of the people against the law, and then to say to them, "-Oh, give it a fair trial l" What the right hon. gentleman had in effect said was this :-" I h--ve received many deputations against this tax, andlhave had much friendly intercourse with the parties, and my advice to them was this .-' Continue your resistance a little longer (hear, hear), and this wfil be a nice little nest egg for us (laughter) when we sit on the other side. (Loud cheers.) I am not I prepared to offer any particular remedy now, but I will take care tobe prepared with a plan by which this odious impost shall be swept away."' (Loud cheers.) He could understand the hon. member for Edinburgh or the hon. member for Cork using such language, because they were the advocates of the voluntary principle, although what he complained of was that those hon. gentlemen wanted to make their voluntary system compulsory. (A laugh.) They vished to sweep the tax away altogether. Those hon. members were perfectly consistent; but where was the consistency of the right hon. Secretary for Ireland, who said that the act could not be enforced,although he at the same time said that it had not had a fair trial?: Mr. HORSMA said that what he stated was, that a case had been placed before the law officers of the Crown for their advice, that Government was adopting proceedings upon that advice, and that it was the intention of Government to wait the result of those proceedings before they could determine what course they should deem it right to pursue. Mfr. NAPIER understood the right hon. gentleman to have said that the act had not had a fair trial (hear, hear); at the same time stating that while Sir John Young's act imposed a duty on the Government there were no means of carrying it into effect. When the hon. and learned gentleman the Attorney-Generalfor Ireland (Mr. Fitzgerald) afew hours ago took the oaths atthetable he (Mxr. lapier) was struckwith the word, " I do swear that I wil defend to the utmost of my power the settlement of property within this realm as established by the laws." (Hear, hear.) This propertythe ministers' money-was connected with the Act of Settlement passed in the reign of Charles IL In regard to the clergy of those towns where this tax existed, in his opinion they were the most useful, perhaps, of any in Ireland, and if this charge were .taken away what provision would there be for those clergymen? It could not be supplied out of the income of the Ecclesiastical Commis- ioners, for that was made up by taxation imposed upon the clergy who contributed a percentage to the fnd. TThe commissioners intheir report e.xpressed their regret that several of the objects to whlich the fund in their hands was intended tobe appliedwere necessarily postponed for want of sudficient means. If the act of Sir W. Youngwas to have a fair trial, and the claim of the clergy to this tax was to be supported as a question of property, a remedy for any defect that might exist in the act ought to be brought forward by the Government. For the reasons he had stated he should oppose the second reading of the biL Mfr. J. D. FITZGERALD said that when Sir J. Young introduced his bill he opposed several of its provisions because he thought the bill would not effect the object proposed. But he did not understand his right hon. friend the Secretary for Ireland to say that the difficulties in re(overing this tax under Sir J. Young's act were insuperable. 'WVhat he understood his right hon. friend to say was, ihat it imposed on the Government the onus of collecting he rate year after year, and would bring the Government nto frequent collision with several great corporate bodies in Ireland. He (Mr. Fitzgerald) believed that that would be 'ho result. Looking at the question as a lawyer, apart from all political or sectarian views, he hadl endeavoured to ascertain whether the act of 1854 could be carried out; because, if so, as long as it remaied the law it was his duty to endeavour to carry it out. Prior to the alteration of the law the clergy were the collectors of the tax ; but the collection of it had since been imposed on the corporations and boards of guardians. These bodies had a right to complain of having so invidious a duty cast upon them ; and they had resolved not to collect the tax. The tax then became a debt due to the Crown, and the question was, how was the Crown to proceed to recover the amount ? The right hon. and learned gentleman said, by mandamus; but he (Mr. Fitzgerald) apprehended that the Crown could not go into court for a snandamesis; andthat theonlymeans bywhichtheCrown could recoverthe money, after proving it to be a Crown debt, wasby information. But againstwhomwasthe Crowntoproceed? Evidently _gainst the corporate bodies, and not agamst any individuial. But many of those bodies had no corporate property. The city of Limerick had no corporate property. The only rates it possessed were created by an act of Parliament for special purposes. This, therefore, presented a great difficulty upon the very threshold. The corporation of Kinsale was similarly circumstanced. There were, therefore, almost insuperable difEiculties in the way of enforcing this act. The right hon. and learned gentleman had said that this was a question of property and of property only. 4s a lawyer, he (Mr. Fitzgerald) thought thc fair way of regarding the tax was not as being upon property, but as a tax upon persons whose liability to pay it w as to be ascertained by the occupation of certain premises. (Hear, hear.) There wasa decision by Lord Campbell which confirmed him in taking this view of the question; and who had decided that it was a tax upon the person whose liability to pay depended upon the value of the property he occupied. there was one observation of the right hon. and learned gentleman which, although personal to himself (3Mr. Fitzgerald), he thought ought not to be allowed to pass unnoticed. The right hon. and learned gentleman alluded to the oath which he (Mr. Fitzgerald) had taken at the table within the last two hours. He had pronounced faithfully and conscientiously every word of that oath with the fullest intention on all eccasions to observe it; but he must, in the face of that House, say that if he thought the true construction of that oath was to restrain the freedom of his Parliamentary action, or to prevent him from exercising his judgment conscientiously upon any subject that might be brought under consideration, rather than he would take that oath or coniinue to observe it he would at once vacate Isis seat. (Hear, hear.) He believed that according to the true interpretalion of the oath it never was intended to interfere with the free exercise of his judgment on any question that came before Parliament. (Cheers.) M1r. VHITESIDE had discovered that the right hon. gentleman the Chief Secretary for Ireland belonged to that party who spoke one way and voted the other. Seemingly affected by the air of Ireland, the right hon. gentleman had made a very Irish speech. He said, the act of Sir John Young, which thisgbill proposed to repeal, was impracticable, mischievous, and absurd, and therefore he would suppert the amendment of the right hon. gentleman the member for the Uiniversity of Dublin (Mr.HEamilton) to read that bill a second time this day SiX months. Could any one understand that course of conduct? But the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Homsnan) gave them hope in the future; for, although he had beenmeditatingonthe subject manymonths without its resulting in any measure, yet a year or two hence he might bring in some bill to remedy what he declared to be a great abuse. Were they quite sure that two years hence they would enjoy the inestimable blessing of the right hon, gentleman occupying an official position?7 (Laughter.) Was the right hon. gentleman himself so certamn that his Administration was growing in publicopinion? I(HIear, hear.) He begged to remind the right lion. gentleman that the bill of Sir John Young was supporteo by Mr. Keogh, who had recently been made a judge by the present Government, and that the noble lord nt the head of the Government thus expressed himuself w ith regard to this mtuch condemned impost: " He would beg the hon. gentleman (Mr. Maguire) and these who acted with him,to consider what wssinvolved in the principle they advocated-that no person of one religion should ever be called upon to contribute to anything connected with anethier. lhis tax; had nothing to do with any religious question. It was a tax upon property, and it would be perfectly preposterous to make the rate upen a house dependent upon the religion of its owner. Wtas the imposition or non-imposition of the tax to be regulated by the religion of the head or of the immediate landlord ? or was it to depend upen the religion of the occupier ? If they adopted any sucli principle as that of the proviso, they would be involved in endless absurdities. The tax was one upon property, to which every man knew that he w"as liable when he purchased it, and had really nothing whatever to do with religious feeling-" (Cheers.) He saw no principle in this bill. For example, in the parish of St. George, Dablin, in which he resided, the Protestant householders were as 9 or 10 to one. What practical grievance, then, could there be when the greater portion of the rate was paid by Protestants ? (Hear.) He hoped, when next a deputation waited upon the Chief Secretary for Ireland, submitting that they did not want to do their duty, he would give them for answver, th.at they ought to do their duty; and, notwithstanding the opinion of the right hon. the Attorney-General, he did not doubt, where the State imposed a duty, the cormmon lawt would be found :trong enough to enforce it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MAGUIRE had felt ever y degree of moral temperature daring the spieech of the Chief Secretary. At one moment warmed vwth hope, at another chilled with dessiir, until, finaUy, by a coltp de grace, the right hon. gentleman destroyed all illusion upon the subject. A prosect was held tut of some ingenious thumbscrws being found in the rimoury of Dublin Castle, which would be put upon the corporations; but he was quite sue the municipal bodies were ready to encounter any amount of inconvenience, whether in person or property, in resisting the imposition of this tax. (Hear, hear.} The right hon. gentleman who moved thbh- amendment said, nothing was more;despicable; than to palm off an imaginary grievance for a real grievance. In Cork there was a population of about 100,000, of which 15,000 were Protestants. No doubt the Protestants paid this tax and paid it unwllingly, but the great pressure was on the Catholics. The tax was- for the cure of souls, but whose souls ? The souls of 15,0-a very small minority out of a total of 100,000. Was thata real grievance ornot? (Hear, hear.) The hon. and learned memberfor Enniskillen had referred to the par sh of St. George, Dublin, the majority of the inhabitants of which were no doubt Protestants; but that was a very La.Si prius way of putting it, for the hon. and learned gentleman well knew that, taking the whole of the city of Dublin, a majority of the inhabitants were Catholics. In imerick the population was almost entirely Catholic. Out of 56,000 there werenot 5,000 Protestants. Was this tax upon the majority for the advantage of a smal minority of the people of Limerick a real grievance or not? (Hear.) The corporations had warned the House that Sir J. Young's Act would not work, r ot merely because it was defective in its machinery, but because it wasbad in principle. They asserted the right of the Catholics to religous equality, and it was upon that ground that he supported this measure. Instead of these miserable eauivocations, -why had the Government not taken a more manly course and boldly grappled with the question ? The noble lord at the head of the Government passeda great many compliments on the Catholics last night for their loyalty, fidelity, and peacefulness, and yet he retained upon the statute-book an insulting lawwhich he could not enforce, or which, if he could enforce it, would result in making discord and contention where peace and concord at present prevailed. (lIear, hear.) This was a tax upon individuals, - and not upon property. The tax wsas not levied so long as the hourse\vfas unoccupied, but when a tenant entered the tenant w as made to pay. 'The house was the instrument, the tenantwas the victim. (Hear.) So long as the tax ontinued these discussions would contineue, and, underthese circumstances, he implored the House not to refuse a second reading to the bill (Hear, hear.) ' Mr. Serjeant O'BRIEN could well understand how, if the act of 1854 was just in itself-if the duty it cast upon the corporations was justly cast upon them-the want of proper machinery to enforce its provisions was a reason, not for a repeal of the act, but for another measure to cure its defects. The argument that liability was imposed upon parties not liable, t the rvisions of the act were deective, and that there were no efficient means of enforcing them, might be good for reserving existmg arrears, but not against the abohtion of the tax for the future. A great deal had been said as to the nature of the tax, and it had been questioned whether it was a tax upon property or a tax upon persons. In his opinion, it was a tax on persons in respect of property. (Hear, hear.) It was considered to have been originally inuposed on certain property by the owner of it. But he found that the act of Charles IL negatived that sanpposition, and established the fact that it was a tax imposed, not by the owners, bat by the Governmnent, unpon and ag,ainst the owsners of certain property. The act of 1g; largely diminished the numlber of houses liable tothe tax, and upon the principle of that act they had a right further to deal with it. In 1854 it was said the tax was odious and made the clergy obnoxious to the people, and a nmnber of houses were relieved from it. F;ollowing the same argument, they now said, "Repeal the tax altogether." (Hear.) -Whether the Government v-would make previsonfor existing arrears was another question. But they had much better assent to this bill; and they might' rest satisfied their conduct would be viewved wtith approbation, not only by the Catholics, but by the great bulk of the Protestants of Ireland. (Cheers.) Lord X. RUSSELL said, his right hon. friend the Chief Secretary for Ireland had pointed out the various defects which he conceived were to be found in the existing act. iWithout mentioning the hvhole of those defects, he thought one unfounded and another not very well founded. The one which he thought unfounded was that, by giving up the tax upon all occupiers under 101., they thereby gave up the principle of the tax. All occupiers under 0l.were excused, because greater vexation than profitwas obtained by attemptingto enforce the tax againat thems. With regard to another objection, after what had been stated by the Chief Secretaryand theAttorney-General, he could not doubt thattherewasthis defectinthe act of 1854-that the corporations of Ireland would not ca=uy that act into effect wilingly, and that there was great difficulty in finding means to compel them. But that did not in the least dimfinish the right to enforce the tax. Such being the state of the ouestion, he confessed that he wished his right hon frieid had declared plainly what the Government were pre pared to do. (Hear, bear.) It appeared to him there were only two courses possible. One was to say that they would exhaust the law to enforce the act of 185,! and, if there should be any fatal objection so applying the present law, that they would bring in some bill by means I of which the tax might be collected. The other course was to adopt the plan of the hon. gentleman who brought forward this bill, and repeal the tax, not because it was without defence, but because it was not worth the contention and vexation it occasioned, when there were sufficient funds to supply all the spiritual wanits of Protestants by means of the church revenues. (Hear, hear.) For his own art, he was quite ready to adopt either of those courses. Nut for the Chief Secretaryto leave the matterfor agitation, afterhaving long considered it, seemedtohim to be thevery worst course which couldbe adopted. (Cheers.) He should certainly vote with the Government against the bill but he trusted the Government would take either one coarse or the other, and not leave the question in suspense. (Hear, hear.) If it would give peace to the country he was quite ready to get rid of this tax altogether. (Hear, hear.) Mr. IORSIsIAN said, what the noble lord had suggested wasprecisely the course the Governmenthad adopted. Proceedings were being instituted under the law officers of the Crown, and the Government only waited to see the result of those proceedings. Mr. FAGAN had naturaly supposed that, when the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Horsman) acceded to office he would have induced the Government to adopt the views which at all times, when out of office, he had expressed in favour of a total abolition of ministers' money. (Hear.) When he found the Government coming down and supporting a measure for the abolition of church-rates in England, an ismpoct amounting to 700,0001. a-year, he did suppose that, as there was no difference in principle between church. rates in England and ministers' money in Ireland, the time had come when he might cease to be a humnble agitator in this question. He owned he felt deeply dissappointed at the course which theGovern.ment had pursued. (Cheers.) The Chief Secretary for Ireland had made an eloquent speech in favour of the measure which he (Mr. Pagan) proposed. Was it his object to strengthen the hands of the (Government unpon a future occasion for the agitation of this question? ThiS was not a manly course to adopt. (Eear, hear.) In England the refusal topsy church-rates was to be a sufficient ground of exemption. In Ireland there had been also an absolute refusal to collect this tax, and upon the same grounds that the Government supported the abolition of church-rates they ought to support him. (Cheers.) The right hon. member who had moved the amendment had said that if he could be sure that this measure was not a sham or a delusion he would be found among its supporters ; but did he believe there was no injustice in collecting a religious tax from eight towns, principaly inhabited by Roman Catholics, and exempting from the tax all the towns inhabited mainly by Protestants? He trusted that those hon. members who usually supported the Government would rather incline to support the arguments and the statements of the Chief Secretary for Ireland than the course which that right hon. gentleman had adopted as a miember of the Government. ("Hear," and "Divide.') He would not detain the House further than to express a hope that hon. members would be persuaded by the right hon. gentleman's speech to go .into the lobby with him (Mr. Fagan) and against the Government. The House divided. The numbers were,- For the second reading ... ... ... 321 Against .. 201 Majority against the bill .. -0 The bill was therefore lost. REFORMATORY AL\D IND)USTRIAL SCHOOLS BILL. On the motion of Sir S. NORTHCOTE this bill was read a second time. EXCHEQUER BILS (21,182,7001.) BILL. This bill was read a third time and passed. FOREIGN LEGIONS. On the motion of Colonel Duxsx, an address was agreed to for a copy of the different conventions and agreements as to pay and allowances, dther while serving or on discharge, made with the officers and men of the different foreign legions in the British service; together with a copy of the attestations of each corps. ATTACHES TO EMBASSIES. On the motion of 31r. BowVYER, a return was ordered of the nrunber of attaches at each of Her Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad, distinguishing the paid from the unpaid attaches, and stating the salaries of the former. TEE NAVAL REVIEW AT SPITHEAD). Mr. F. FRENCH said, it appeared that the Perseverance steamer was to be appropriated to members of the House of Commons upon the occasion of the naval review next week. He wishedtorepresent to the Secretary of the Treasury that the Himalaya would afford sO much better accommodation that he hoped this steamer would be substituted for the Perseverence. Mr. WILSON must refer the hon. gentleman to the Admiralty. The House adjourned at a quarter to 6 o'clock. We are requested to state, that Mx. Joxszs, of Pantglas, has been prevented by a severe attack of ophthalmia from attending to his Parliamentary duties for the last fortnight, from -which he is gradually recovering.
PARLIAMENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS, THURSDAY, APRm 17. J-03L1CJsi OF 3x0ofOFS VaPL[ul --cODeu-To as1c woietlier it is interided that any of Her Majesty's Ecrew line-of-battle saips, ftrigats, or sgaller steamers now at Malta, in the Black Sea, or Unemployed in the home ports, shall agsistin embarking and brinidng away from the Crimea the troops, csnnon. mnitioss of war. arne other stores, be public property. Mr. K Denison.-To asai the Secretary to W Treasuy, in referen . totheminuteupon Austraianfa Postage, inwhbat posiion the negotiations now stand for the etatblishment of a monthly steam postal comrmnication to those colonies. Mlr. William-s-To ask the Secretary of the Treasury why he has net presented to the House, accoeing to his promise, a statement of to gossamout o th revnueandexpenditure in the last quarter, ending the Slstdy of fareb, and in theyears ending the 3lst of March, 18iS and 1856. Sir ;F. Walmaley.-Bili for the Extension of the Franchise, and f0r the amzendment of the representationin England and WVales. rr. bMurrongh,-BiU to abolish the Property Qualification of M.lem. here of Parliament. llr. Dilyn,-Afldress to Her ajesty. praying that she will be graciouspleasedto direct that publiEc exections be abolshed, and that in future a sentences of death le carried into effect within the walls of a prisOn, before proper and sufcient witnesses. Sir G. B. Pechell,-Retusn of ech parish and township in 1n41and and Wales in wrhich the poor are managed under the provisions of the act of soa &eorge mII, chap. SS, commonly called Gilbert's Act; distinguishing whether incorporated in aey uni'on or goressied separately, and stating the population of each parish or townsip and of each union respectively, according to the last Cenus: and also of each parish andtow;nship, subject to theprovisionsof any loesi1 ctforthe management of its poor, with the amount of population accorEdig to the Last census. MEr Brady nCommnittee of the wfhole H oese, to move for leave t<o bring in abihito amend the law relating to the sale of wine, spirits, beer, andeider byretainlrmIeland.- Mir. Headlam,-Iteturns respecting cases of bankruptcy whicliwrer w ound up in 1853. 1854, and ISoS. Mr. Sulivan-I.-etsinssof the number of convictions for assaultson the agents of the Irish Church Missionary Society, in the city of Eilkenny, forthe lastl2montlrs Of the number of addutioalp olice force lately introduedoi into XII1kenny, their cost of moaintenance, and the fend from which their exense is tobe defrayed. .ir. W.Wllias,-Copies of all correspondence betwreen the heada of the Departments of Science and Ast: of the Geologica lSurveys; of the Mfuseum of Practical &eology, with the School of Idies COD* nncled therewith; and the Treasnry. relative to the placing of thOS3 departments, or any of them, under the newr Education Department- lkir. Ewart,-Addremstorretn rom Cheltenba n. ad Ennis, CorP, a-d imencr in Ireland, showing various details as to the estaliL4s ment of nny public hbraries museums, or schools of art which rpl rave beenformed uinder the English or Irish PubElic LbraeiesAct. hfr.Wilson,eonthe tbirdreading of tieDraughts onBanlkers Bin-I the case of any Such draughatbeing presented forpayment, liavingthe names oftwo or more bankers, no beingpartners wrntten or pnnti across the same, whether such names are erasea or not, it 5051 bB lavbl for the banker uPOn whom itS i drawns, if le shall think fit, tI postpone the payment of the same forsachtimeas shaU benereesalyta refer to the orawer of such draught; provided always that iJinso)Ioif ha shaU attachto such draught, in words distinctly v.wrtten or Ipnte. an intimation of the reason why the payment haa h n so PS poned; and provided also, that in the case of such postponed pciy ment, a nyfunds in the hands of such bankerbon_ to the dra erof snchdraughtatthetime itis frst presented ilbeaag a1vilaerthg rarmentofsuchdrTaugtinpriorityto aOsbYtherorhel avrpaymentmfso by the said drawer, andpresented in order oftime later such draugkt. An1d provided aleo, that, in the evenlt of the suSPension ipayment of anybenkkerbetweenthetimethat anysuch draught is fatpresentedfo payment and its actual payment.the same shall be deegiatpreRferabl claim =nonthe effects of suchbanker,and shalbepaidinfuldipiorits to 1 otherclaimL A33dwhereasitmayhappenthatthedrwre:sfa suchdraughtsasaforesaidma.y,esiretbAtthesameshabep,,idc,,, toor throughsomeparticularbLauler, beitena.edtheatwhenanysuch;y,Pt bearing a stamp of one penny aU have the name of any bahr written across the face thereof, in the handwriting of the drawer with his signature or initials af6tsed thereto, independent of, and ia additionto, the main signature to suchdraught, &e same shaUhsve me forceof a directionto thebank-erupon whomesuch draughtismade, that it shal be paid only to or through the hanker whose name is so wsnttW across it, and the same Ehall be payable only to or through suea banker; andin case such draught shaUbe presented for aaentin other manner than as so directod. zuch presentation shail be deemed to bave no teiect upon the rights of the peBon0 interestedthere' lat shall be treated in every respect as if the, d draught had notbm!tU presented for payment. Mr. Bowyer.-In comraittee on Dissenterse laIriages Bill, to mor6 clauses. ORDEStS OF THE3 DAY. - Commissioners of Supply (Sotlarind) Bill,Committee. Jud6ments Eecutionl. ,kc, BUill.ood redn. Joint Stocl; Banks Bilk-Committee. Draughts on Bankers'Bm,11-Third reading. Justices of the Peace QnaliSication Bill,-Ccinmittee. Befonnatory and Industrial Schools Bill,-Commsittee Dliasenters Marriages BiU,.-Commitee
AAYATOOTE COLLEGE. DIVISION. EOIUSE OF COflONTS. AP= 15. [The following appeared mn our second edition of ye;; terdav: 1 Mraynooth College.-Mlotion miade, and Question propo3ej "That this House do resolve itself into a Committee fog the purpose of considering the Acts for the Endowment of the College of 3May.uooth, with a view to the witl. drawol of any Endowmnent out of the Consolidated Funff, dueregardeinghad to vestedfrights or interests'(M .r Spooner). lcain Question put .-The House divided-. Ayes, 159; 2Xoes, 1~33. AvES. Agnew. Sir Andrew FeDrUs, J. Morris, D. Anderson, SirJames Ferguson, J. Mostyo ln.T.E,MTA; Arbuthnott, lion. Gen. Fergusson, Sir J. Ml.wbray. J. B. Arebdall, Capt. Mercyn:Floyer, J. Mundy, AV. Bailey, Sir Joscnh Forster, Sir G. Napier. Bight lon, T. 3aldok Edwd..olme.Freestun, Colonel Napier, Sir C. Barnes, Thsomas Gardner. B. Newark, Vicmount Barringeon, Viscount Gilpin, Colonel Newdegate, C. N. Bateson! Thomas Greaves, E Noel. lon. G. 3. Barter, XVm. Edward Greenail, G. North, Colonel Bell, Jamnes Grogan, F. Oscoiston, lord Bentiuck, G. W. P. Guinnes. I. S. Pack C. 1. Peresford. Bt.lou.W. Gurney, J. H PaS, I.. Bernard, Viscount G f. Palmer, Bobert Bignold, SirSanmel do, Lord Pellat, A. Blaclzburn, Peter liaddeld, G. Percy, Wcu. J. l. Boldero, Colonel HaT lton3, Lord C. Phililnore, J. G. Brsiuley-Moore, ;3. HIamilton, Rt. lion. R. Pigott, F. :Brocklebuxst, 3. C. N. Pilkington, 3. Buclk, Colonel Hardy, G. Repton, G. W. J. Puller. Sir 3. Y. 3Hastie,-Aex. Roberteon, P. P. Burrell, Sir C. 31. Hasti tAe,Achl Rolt, Peter Cairns, H.31'C. Hayes, Sir Ed. Rust, J. Campbell, Sir A. HL Hill, Lord A. R Seymour, W.DigbA Carnmcj Sir 3. B. iHindley, C. Sibthorp, Major Challis, Mr.AldermanHotham, Lord Smith, John B. Chnambers, It. Irton, S. Smith, V. 3.L Cheetham, J. Jobnstone, 3. Smith, A. Child, S. Jolliffe, Sir-W. G. H. Smollett, A. Cholmondeley,lordHi. 31Joiffe, IL IL Stafford, A. Clive, Hon. R. W. Jones, Admirnl Stanhope, J. B. Cole, ion. H. A. Keating, H. S. Stracey, Sir H. J. Cowan, C. Kendall, Stuart, t Craufurd, M. H. J. Kershw, Sturt3 H Crool;, J. Eing, en. P.J. IL honpson. G. Crossley, F. King, Jae . Tite, V Davie, Sir H. .F Kinny ori A F. Tollemarle, . Daviee, J. L. Knatebbull, W. F. Trail. G. Davison Rt. Laing, 5, Trollope.Rt.Hu.SirzJ Dod J W Lan6ten W. G. Vance, J. DUci3rort;l SirJ. T. B. Langton H. G. Vansittart, G. H. Duke, Sir J. locst, W. Vernes, Sir W. Duncan, G. Lute, T. Vyse, Colonel Duncombe lieu A. MfacIis,3. Waddington, D. Duncombe, Hon. 0. 31'Greger, 3. Walcott, Admiral Dmndas, F. M'GreGer. Wcrren, S. Dunlop, A. ML M,oart, Sir 3. Wise. J. A. Du Pre, C. G. ZJasterman J Woodd, B. T. East, SirJ. B. lMlatheson,1 ir. Wynne,rm W.V.R Bgerton, Sir P. awel, Hon. 3. P. Yorke, oie. B T. Bgerten, V. T. misSll Egerton E C. a milligan, B. Tellers. Elle, B. Mis, T. Spooner, r. E, W. MichellW. Bruce, Major C. Farnham, E. B. 3-Ont e Sy, Sir G. Acton, J. Greville, Col. F. Oliveira, B. Antrobus, B. Grosvenor, Earl .Palmerston, V:scount. Atherton, W. lHalford, Sir H. Paxton, Sir J. Bailey, C. Ball. lit. lioe. Sir D. - Peel,Sir . Daines. Rt. lio. 3L T. Hankey, T. Peel. F. Ball, J. Harcourt, G. G. Peel, General Baring, Rt erL Sir.F.T. Hayter, Rt. Hou.W. G. Perry, Shr I. B Beamish, F. B. Heard, J.1L Phihpps, 3. PL Beaumont, W. B. Henchy, D. O'C Piuncy, Colonel Berkeley, G. C. L, Heneage, 0. F. Power, N. Biddelph, R. 3I. Herbert, H. A. Price, W. P. Black, A Heywoo3. Prtd, 3. Blale-,L .gins. Qol 0. Birardo,0. Bond, 3. W. :1'. Holcerd, B S Bite, B. B. Bonham-Carter, 3. Horsman ltH. E. Bichardean, J. J. Bowyer, G. ward, hon. C.W. G. Pidley, G. Brady, r. Plov.rd, Lord B. Roebuck. l A. Brend lo.n H Hghes. W. B. Russell, FC. L. Brotherton. 3. Plutchms. B. 3. uBeuse, F. W. Burke, Sir T. J. Ingram. P Scholeield, WI. Byng, lieu G. H. C. Xennedy, T. Scully, F. Clinton, horalR. Kik, W. Saully, V. Cockbure, Sir A. 3 Labeuchere, Rt.lL Seymner, IL K. Cocks, T. S. Lennox Lord H. G. Seymour, ILD. Coote, Sir C. H. Lews Rt.EnSir G.C. Shee, W. Deasy, E. Littleten. Horn B. lt. Smith. RIt, lion. B V. De Veres S. E. M5cEvoy E. Steel, J. Devereux. J. T. dCann, 3. Strutt, Et, Hon. B. Dillwyn, 1 L. lohMbon. P. Sulivan, -.?L Duff, G. SaguieJ.F. Swift, R ilnne 3.L Maers. Lord 3. Tancred, IL W. DTmne. Colonel rtin, P. W. , Thornely, T. Emlyn, Viscount Massey, F. 2. trottenba,r, C. Ewart, J. C. eagher. T. Vivian, H. H. Fagan, W. Wontl; Viscount Waterpark. Iord 71trgerald, Sir J. Moncreiff. J. Watson, NY. H. Forster, C. IVonsell, Rt, lien W. WVhatman, J. French, F. 3Wiatt, E. Wl'itoread, S. Gladstone. Captain 3fulgrave, Earl of Wilcox, B. IrG. Gordon, Hon. A. Musanugh, 3. P. Williams. W. Gower, lion. F. L. NorreysW £ir D. 3. Wilson. J. Grace, 0. D. J. North, F. Wyvill, 3L Graham, L Hn.SirJ. O'Brien, P. Tellers. Greene, . O'Brien, J. Castlerosse, Viscount Grentel, C. W. O'Connel, Captain D. Wlkninson, V. A.
ADULTERdATION OF FOOD. This committee met yesterday in Room -To. 17, Lrd Claude Hamilton in the chair. JMr. Otto Brown, of Houghton, near Huntingdon, the first witness, said, he had been engaged for the last 40 years in the business of preparing flour. Foreign wheat was better than English, as there was less art used in its cult vation. He found that the London bakers were very particular about the quality of their flour, and in his business he never mixed anything with the'dlour except* to mnake it better. parleymeal was sometimes used, particularly near Northampton, and oor people considered it made the bread wore nutritious. 'Ihe bak~ers used a small proportion of potatoes to increase the size of the loaves. Re considered that mixed food was generally the most wholesome. The purest wheat; was the least nutritious, owing tothe lesser quantity of husk in it, which assisted digestion. The use of alunu could not be altogether dispensed with, as it improved the colour oE the loaf' and made the bread lighter. Re never used anything himself but rice and beans. Rice absorbeda larger quantity of water, but they vere obliged to consult the public taste. In reply4to Mr. PEAccci;, witness said, in some places where the ground had been recently reclaimed, the wheat produced would be quite equalto the foreign. ldr. T. K. Callard said, he was a baker, carrying on business at No. 4, Durham-terrace, St. John's-wood, and, i3n reference to the evidence as to the use of alum it bread, wished to say he had been 10 years in business and had never used a particle; and he was not peculiar; there were a vast number of bakers in Lonu on who did not use alum, and witness had in hin% possession 43 letters (received in answerto an advertisemeat) from bakers in London, who were prepared to state upon oath, if required, that they did not use alum. Witness did not deny it was used by bakers, but net to the extent stated. Salt was used to the amount of eight ounces to the busheL The large proportion of the trade were anxious that something should be done to prevent any one using alum. Witness wished to impress the committee, that; while the trade would be glad to have adulteration checked, they hoped that all improvements would not be checked also: as the act of Parliament now stood, the baker who madethe "llufermented bread," which was considered by Many medical men as the most wholesome, was liable to fine and inprisonment. It had been said that potatoes were mixed with the flour, but to show the fallacy of this state. ment it was only necessary to refer to the price of potatoes and the price o flour, and it would be found that it was not worth the baker's while to do so. Witness proceeded to say that the chymists, who had been examined as to the presence of alum in bread, had differed so greatly in their evidence that the bakers would be afraid to leave their characters in the hands of any analytical board. Mr. Robinson, of Judd-street, aker, in confirmation of the latter part of tne evidence of the preceding witness, read the evidence of Dr. 2Normandy, who had said he had examined 100 samples of bread, and not one was free fromn alum. In order to test Dr. rormandy's accuracy, vitness sent him a sample of flour and two loaves-one perfectly pure, and another containig alm in the proportion of loz. of alum to 161b. of bread. After analyzang them Dr. Normandy gave him a certificate stating they were all per. fectly pure, and thlat witness was one of the few bakers in london whose bread was free from adulteratiorn The certificate was dated the 1lth of March, 1850. Since then Dr. Normandy had written to witness, saying he had discovered' alum in his bread, and threatening to expose hinL Witness read the letters alluded to, and concluded his evidence by saying he did not make his statement for the purpose oE castng anyreflection on Dr. N2ormandy, but merely for tha purpose of showing the danger that would arise from em. ploying anyanalyticalchymists to decide upon such m3atters. lfr. Clapnerton, of 1l.!.Mortimer-street, Cavendish-squzre, said, he had been mentioned in the Lancct as one of the bakers who sold adulterated bread. Tbis statement had entirely ruined his business, and he-had been obliged to give it up. To show the falsehood of the charge he wished to state to the committee that he had received a letter from Dr, [assall exonerating him from it; but on abplying to rr Walkley for aportion of the bread said to have containe1 the alum it was refused, and therefore witness was advised that an achon could not be sustained. The charge had never been withdrawn, although Dr. assall admitted itsin. acocuracy. A sample of the same flour had been submitted to Dr. Bachhoffner, of thePolytechnic Institntion, who had declared it perfectly pure. The committee then adjottrned until Friday, April 25, At half-past 12 o?clocIc.
MONBY-MARIETand CIfYIZNTELLIGENCP. . ,~lo. - Wednesday Evening. T.e English funds this morning opened with great dulness at the lower prices of yesterday, but aubsequenty experienced a recovery ow-ing to a disposition on the par t of the public to make plurch.ases. Cunsois for money wvere first quoted 92~ to ~,at which they remnained for some time with a heavy nppearance. A considerable amount of stock having been bought, the supply of money in the market increased, and a general improvement of tone then became manifest. The final prices were 93 to i for money, and 93a to -A for the 5th of MIay. S3ank Stock left off at k12l t-o 21W, ; Reduced, 9271; -eNw Three per Cents., 9Q to - * tong Annuities, 3 3-16; Amnnities, 30 years, 17; India Stock, 228 to 230; India Bonds, IOY. to 5s. discount; and Exchequerbills (MWarch) par to 3s. premium, (June) 3s. to ls. discount. Increased ease was observable in the discountmarket as well as in the Stock-Exchange, and at the Bank of England there was scarcely any demand. The remittances of gold to Constantinople on account of the Turkish Loan are expected, howvever, to continue large for the next fewv weeks, and it is not till these shall have ceased that any material relief can be expected, unless the arrivals should be rapid frem Australia and elsewhlere. In foreign stocks there was little alteration. The transactions comprised :-lrazilian, Small, 994-- Buenos Ayres, 61; Chilian Six per Cents., 1034-, 104; Daniish Five per Cents., 101 -; Grenada, Deferred, 74-; Miexican, 23; ditto, for account, 23, 22-; Russian Four-and-a-Half per C(ents., 94,-; Sardinian, 0.3 for money. and 94A, 4 for the account; Spanish, 45>2; the Deferred, 24a,43;Ttu-kishs Six per Cents., 98>, *, 99; ditto, Fouir per Cents. O;unranteed, 1017*, §, -4; Venezuela, 2SI, the Deferred, 124; and Dutch Foulr per Cent. Certificates, 941 and 9Q. 'lIke corn-market this morning ' sdlla h decline of Mlonday.wadultth The closing quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening wiere t3f. 40c. for money, and 73f. OSe. for the end of the month, showfing an improvement of more than a quarter per cent., w-ith a preponderance of speculative purchases.- In F rench railway shares there has been increased _activity and a fiurther considerable rise. ITn Th7e Times of the 20th of December Iast it wa unentioned that the French Custom-house authorithes afiord great convenience to travellers from london by allowving their baggage to go through without any examiination until its arrival in Paris, and the desire of the commercial community wasm expressed for a similar system on this side, so as to get rid of thle vexatious regulations for the examaination of baggage at Folk;estone, It was also mentioned that the South-Eaxstern Railw-ay Company had long used every effort to explain the extent of 3nnoyance, injury, and discredit that wrould be averted by such an arrangement. Four months have since passed, and little progress seems to have been made in inducing either the Conmmissioners of Customns or the Lords of the Treasulry to move in the matter, although the seaston is at hand wshen the traffic w.ill be ag,ain at its hleight. All that has yet been concededl is the privilege of through registry of baggage to passengers travelling by the midnight mail from Paris, *vhich arrives in Lsondon at a-quarter to S in the morning, and it is wunderstood that only about 5 per cent, of the SouthE!astern Railway traffic from Paris arrives by this train. The plan has, therefore, been adopted in a degree to be of the least possible service to the public. At the same timle its perfect feasibility has been ilUnstrated by that instance, as well as by the French example, so as to make it apparent that the only difficulty in the w;ay is the old one of anl indisposition to depart from routine. The followving has been received from the Deposit and General Life Assurance Company, in answer to the chlarges contained in the report of their late aulditors, It is not strictly entitled to insertion, as, instead of being confined to a defence of their owfn position, it is ftUl of complaints that the auditors have dealt less severely w;ith some other office. These are calculated to provoke a fiurther commuinication from the aulditors, and so to prolong the discussion internminably. The best course for the company to pursue wvill be to have their aflairs again examnined and reported upon by some independent accountant or actuary whose name w.ill be a sufficient guarantee to thle public. IJatil this shall have been effected no repetition of vag,ue assertions as to the solund, valuable, and lncrative business now; enjoyed will be likely to excite confidence, especially as the flourishes of this description at the recent meeting showved that, althoulghthe connexion of the SadUeirs with the company has nomninally terminated, the tone introduced by them is still maintained. It vwill be snoticed that the subjoined letter does not contain a sinfgle uvord to explain or justify the declaration of a 5 per cent, dividend to the shareholders v-hich has julst been resolved upon in the face of the facts that the wshole of the paid-up capital is exhausted, that the company are besides in debt, and that the balance at their bankers is reduced to SC '. They contend that the circumstance of the directors having made advances to enable the business to be carried on should he interpreted only as a prelof of their own confidence. There are, howvever, alw;ays abundant reasons forpersons implipcated In nuismanagenment to seek to delay disclosure, and if these adlvances had been for any other purpose, it mzay be inferred the directors vMoald, at least, have provided for their repayment before consenlting to the deClaiation of a dividend: "Thle Deposita3nd General If ie Assurance Companly, Chie£. office, 1S, N ew Bridgfe-street, Black£riars, April 14. 'Sir,-On the part of the directors of this company, I lose no timae in :availing myself of the opportunity whEich you -offier them of 'controverting the allegations' contained in cert amn documlents inserted in the city article of Time Times of this day, on the authority of 3Mr. ' H. Chatteris, public accountant,' and I trust to your imlpartiality to insert my explanationls in the same portion of your journal. "Th2e d irectors of this company considered it their duty to refase accepting the report and statement of accounts as prepared by the a uditors, MLr. If. Chiatteris, auditor, and Mr. Edniun d Clench, m.an ging director of another insurance comnpany, as they had been ad vised by several gentlen:~en, u-ho hare for years been conversant with life assranlce business, that the auditors' balance-sheet wvas both unfair and incorrect, and that the samne auditors had adopted atotally different principle writh reference to the balance-sheet of their owvn assurance comp^any. " The dlrrctors are quite ready to submnit both thme auditors' statements and their onn to the iudgment of any impartial .actuary^-the person alone qualified to express a competent opinion on the matter. " But t ,^test the value of the conclusions of Messrs. Chattenls a^nd Clench, aldlow ine to compare their modde of estimatin' the asets and liabilities of the Deposit and General with th!at which they felt justified in adopting when auditng the accounts of their oums company. " In their audit of the comupany referred to, 3,200l. halfcredit m,remiunss are put dow-n as an item of assets. The hlalf-erhlit premiums of the Deposit and General, amounting to a large sum, appear as deductions from the net incenme. Messrs. Chatteris and Clench do not set dowin the amount called up frous the shareholders in the case of their own company as a liability; they do put it dowvn to the extent of 24,5001. as a liability in the case of the Deposit and General. " Of the preliminary and agency extension expenses of the sEane comnpany 7,0001. has been capitalized, and is so passed by M\esrs. Chiattcris and Clench, wvho, in dealing' ith the Deposit and General, charge th;e wvhole of thoso expenses wvhich are in mnany assurance companies spread over a period of 12 or 1.5 years, against revenue derived fromn three years and a-half w-orking of the company. "The capita^l at call of the Deposit and General Company, amosinting to S!),24Q1. 15s. Sd., and the csall3 on snares uI course of payment, exceeding 1,5001., are completely kept out of view in the accounts prepared b'y Messrs. Chatteris .nd Clench, u-.ble the Incalled capital of their own co:rpany is set out on the face of their balance-sheet as a guarantee fuisd to the extient of 40,0001. " Again, the auditors put dowVn the current risks under policies i:-ued by the Deposit and General at 172,0001., making no reference wEatever to the counterbalancinu. present vFalue of the current preminuns, which is invariably done, the annual premiums being, in mutual assurance companiez, the sole fund to meet losses on policies. They do not make reference to the fact that, of the 172,0001., no less than 35,000. is covered by re-assurance wvith other offices, though they do take care to deduct from their statement of ineome the sum of 2,0611. invested as the purchasemOD'ey of those re-assurances. ; Surely, Sir, the directors would have been gravely responsible if they bad allowed to go forth as a correct statement of their affairs an audit and report of this kind, calculated, as they thought, to create the niost erroneous n'pressionS. They therefore caused a complete statement to be drawn up bv their own accountant. This was submitted to the anditors, who, however, declined to sign it, though they admitted both to the directors and at the meetinx of proprietors that the figures were perfectly correct. The directors left it to the meeting to determine vhich statement should be adopted, after explaining their -own views on the subject; and the shareholders, after having heard the anditors, both of whom had the fullest opportunity of sPeaking for themselves, unanimouslydecided against the auditors' report and statement of accounts, andinfavour of that of the irectors, and further resolved, ' That this meeting is unanimnouslv of opinion that the board, in decliingto sanction such report and statement of accounts, has adoyted the course best calculatedto promote the interes's of the shareholders and members genesalny.' "CaO the general position of the Deposit sand General Company, permit me to observe that it is quite true that a i large expenditure has been incurred, partly in payment of c2aims on policies, which have proved arger than were calculated on-an eventuality to which all assurance societies are exposed-and partly in obtaining a business which I believe to be a sound, valuable, and lucrative one, as weeU as in creating a machinery for the successful development of the company's operations. The objects for which the oxpenditure was incurred have been amply obtained. I feel Justified in asserting that the business of no company can h be more thoroughly sound than that now possessed by the jDeposit and Genera], and that no estab,'ishmen t wossesses a more valuable basis for a long career of extensive and profitable transactions. " The aUusion to the accommodation given by the company in their loans with polcy holders, while it indicates the unfrendly spirt of the auditors, points to that which is realy a very safe and profitable branch of the eompany's operations, and w;hich proves the desire of the directors to turn their resources to the best account. Again, the reference to the moneys advanced by the directors, though made in a depreciating tone, should, I respetEfully submit, produce an opposite effect, inasmuch as it distinctly maiests the confidence entertained by themselves in the position and pros;cects of the company. MLr. Chatteris asks, ' Why the 89,0091. uncalled capital is not called up l I reply, that it w,ould be called uta ifEthat step vere expedient. True it is, that additional capital is required, hut it is in course of being obtained by a process which increases the number of shareholders and the consequent strength of the coi pay. "I have nothing to do with the motives or the character of the auditors; I have, I submit, shown the course which they have called in question was a right and proper one. " I wiU now only further allude to the connexion of the late 31r. John Sadleir with this company, a connexion precisely similar to that which he held in the National Provincial Company-that of a mere honorary trustee. He never in the slightest degree interfered with the finDnces or management, or in any other manner, though he purchased shares in the company to the exten,t of 1,8001. or 1,9001. His brother, Mr. Clement Sadleir, ceased to be officially - connected with the company in December last. "Apologizint for the length of these observations, "I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, " JoHn.- Ir;11 DOYLE, Secretary." The Commercial Bank of the Mlidland District, Caiiada, have announced an intended increase of capital from 570,0001. to 820,0001., and a portion of it is oflered to English subscribers at a premium of 10 per cent.
TRADE REPORT. Wednesday Evening. Smuo.&.-There is scarcely anyalteration in the market today,exceptingthatthepricesrealizedatpublicsalewererather easier than those of yesterday. The greater paart were sold, and the following are the particulars :-S, 00 bags Manuitius, low to fine brown, 35s. to 39s.; low to good yellow. 40s. to 42s. Gd. ; crystalized low to good yellow, 41s. to 44s. 282 baskets Java were withdrawn at 51s. 6d. for fine yellow. 167 hhds. 3 barrels foreign Muscovado, 39s. to 43s. 6d.; 600 boxes yellow Havannah, No. 12A at 44s.; 372 hhds. West India were sold privately. Co0FEE.-200 casks and 106 barrels and bags plantation Ceylon were disposed of at 6ls. to Gs. for fine fine ordinary bold to middling coloury; and 59s. 6d. to 60s. for the gray descriptions. RIICE.-There were no public sales, but privately there is rather more doing; about 300 to 400 tons Bengal have been sold. Su.LTPrrTE.-There are no sales to report NITRATE or SODA.-Of 3,990 bags offered only 200 sold at 17s. 6d. for 10A to 13 per cent. refraction. TALLOW.-- Thi market is quiet to-day, at 47s. Gd. for Y.C. on the spot, and 47s. for the last three montlhs, with a steady business doing.
RAMILWAY AND MZINrN6 SHARES. Wednesday Evening. The railway-market has undergone no imiportant change and business continues dull. Bank of Eg,ypt and Ottoman B3ank left off' at 1L- toi premium; Russian Railway, i to 4- premi um; and L.ombardo Venetian, G to X~ premium.
I[d ierw i eo nent.]-" We beg to call the especial attention of our commercita friends to the folowing important books, new and improved editions of which haTe been just issued:-' Tae's MEodem Cambist,' corrected down to the present times, comprising tho money weights, and measures. of aU nations, with their equivalents in English and French-' Jackson7s Now Check Journal,' forming a complete syste-m of book-keeping by double entry, so arrAged as to afford the most effectual means of preventing fraud, error, and embezzlement, in cash transactions, and in thereceipt and delivery of goods, &e. 'Good book-keeping to a mau of business is equal to one-half his capital.- 'Anderson's Models of ferccantile Letters' on every conceivable subject connected with trade and commerce, with an alphabetical list and an explanation of aU mercantile technicalities, &c.-'Gumersall's Interest Tables' are pre-esuinently distingished from all others on the same subject byfacilityof reference, distinctness of type, and accuracy of calculation. It contains, also, two more rates ofinterest than anyl other work of the samo character pubshed.-' Fenn's Compendiumuot the English and FVoreign Fuads,' baa reachedlA a fifth edition. Ib ontains particulars of thedebtsandre-enues of aU nations, banks, railways, mines. and joint-stekcompanies; with their present fnancial condition-formning a complete guide to investmuents and speculAtions, and is the only reliable authority on thiesa important rubiocts,-Thcse wrorlks deserne a place in every bueiness estazbhsbment in t.DekingdOmt' -^Obserer. London :-hAlinghsr .Dz WAilson, Enysi ExeChanpo
I THE CRIMEAN BOARD OF INQUIBY. The Board of generaloffioers at Chelsea met yesterday at the usual hour. There were, as on other occasions, a large number of ladies present, who, not wishing to miss the inquiry, but still not willing to throw away aU their time upon proceedings which the experience of past days taught them might not be very enlivening, brought with them materials for "knitting, netting, and crotchet," and other such delicate work. Lord Lucan wished to ask whether the Court had succeeded in obtaining from the War-office the returns of the baggage animals in the Crimea? The JUDGE-ADVOCAmTE said that application had been made, but the reply was that there were no such returns either at the War-office or at the office of the Adjutant. I General. Lord LIucan replied that that was to be regretted, but he would do the best he could without the returns. Major-General Sir R. Airey was then recaUed, and his examination was again proceeded with. Colonel Tualoch.-You have stated that you gave an order that all the skins of horses and slaughtered animals should be preserved for covering the stables. Are you aware whether that order was obeyed and acted upon ?-It 'was the custom in that army to obey the orders issued by Lord Raglan, and I suppose the order you refer to was obeyed so long as it was necessary. The tume arrived, when, from the arrival of other matersals, the skins of animals were no longer necessary, and then, of course, they fell into disse. If the loss of cavalry, artiUlery, and baggage horses in the two months to the 14th of November, the date of your order, was about 1,000, and the quantity of cattle actually slaughtered 2,000, there must have been in all 3,000 skins which would have gone a long way towards covering the stables. Did you ever see 100 skins so applied 9-Oh l a great many more. I saw them employed all over the camp, in all directions. The Comnlissary-General was not instructed to see that these hides were for the use of either the cavalry, artilery, or any particular part of the army ; they were for general use. By a general order dated November 9, 1854, the Commissary-General wvas desired to see that all sheep-skins and the hides of slaughtered animals were preserved, by being stretched in the air with a little salt sprinkled over them, for the use of the army. Another order, dated December 4, 1854, stated that the skins of dead horses were to be preserved, and Commissaries of Divisions were to pay 2s. 6d. for each skin properlycleaned and cured. You have expressed an opinion that the commissioners should have sought for further information in regard to the orders for hutting the cavalry before making their report. Are you aware that this report has been approved by Her MaJesty's Government in every particular, and, conseqiuently, that the information we obtained has been considered by them sufficient ?-I have not the slightest desire to cast any censure upon the report of the Government commissioners. I was examined generally as to matters in my own departmenit, and I answered those questions as fully as possible, but as a great number of questions were put to me which did not in any degree refer to my department, but concerned the head of the medical department, the Comniissary-General. andtheAdjutant-General, I stated in my reply to the comumissioners that it did not come within my province to enter into such details as those, and I therefore indicated where the commissioners could procure information which would supply the deficiencies of my evidence. I 'vas, of course, aware that to obtain this additional information it would be necessary for the commissioners to return to the Crimea. The board is aware that my answers were sent after the commissioners had left the' Crimea in consequence of the sickness which existed in the camp at that monient; but as I had indicated the quarter in which they could have got this additional information, they might, had they returned, have obtained it without difficulty. Were not the commiissioners then in England, and did not they telegraph to you to send home your answers to their queries in order to enable them to complete their report e-To the best of my recollection the first series of answers to the questions which Sir John M'Neihl put were enclosed to Sir John on board ship. The second series of questions, which were represented to me as those of Colonel Tulloch-for there seemed to be a separation between the que-tions of the two commissioners-were left with me to answer. As I mentioned at my last examination, I was not able for a very considerable time to take up the subject at all. It was during the heat of the siege, when an assault might take place on any day, and I confess that I should not have attended to the matter even when I did, had it not been for the receipt of a very peremptory telegraphic message from Lord Panmure to send my replies by the next mail. I could not do that; but, however, I set to work and sent them as soon as possible. Did you give the commissioners any reason to apprehend, after the receipt of your answers to their queries, that any information was withheld, or was not as consplete as you could make it ?-I have already stated that I had not the sli-ghtest w ish to withhold any information-quite the contrary; but I could not give information upon matters connected with other.departments. And here I must repeat that I never considered that this examination on the part of Sir John l'Neill and Colonel Tulloch had reference to anything else but the supplies of the army. I looked upon it as entirely a comimissariat business, and I will also venture to say that Lord Paglan entertained no other idea than Ihad on the subject. I consider the answers given by me to your queries to be perfectly complete and sufficient as far as my department goes. Will you refer to the date on which huts arrived from England?'-The first arrival appears to have been on the 16it, the next on the 25th of December, and four more vessels had arrived before the end of December. Your department was charged with the distribution of these huts, was it not ?-Yes. Did not these huts form a portion of the stores supplied for the use of the horses, as to the delay in unshipping and distributing which wve were directed by Lord eanmure to make inquiry9?-The huts sent out to the army decidedly formed part of the stores of that army ; but I don't consider that such a ircurmstance in the slightest degree prevents this from being considered as a commissariat question. I suppose it was the first instance on record of wooden huts being sent out to any army. IUnder other circumstances planking, boards, and scantling would have been sent out ; and Sir Richard Airev quoted from a ' Code of Instructions in the Duties of the Commissariat Department," published in 1852, to salow that such materials were not removed fromIthe category of other stores, and that until, stores were actually what might be called warehoused or deposited in some place where the distribution could conimence, they remained still within the province of the Conmnissariat. It is not until then (resumed the witness) that the QuartermasterGeneral's functions commence, but even then they are of an extremely indirect nature with regard either to the custodK the charge, or the responsibility of these stores. At tho proper time I shall enter rather largely into these questions, to show what are the peculiar functions of the Quartermaster-General in regard to stores. His duty is only to divide those stores-to see that they are properly and fairly divided among the troops, so that one regiment or one division may not get more than its share to the exclusion of other portions of the army. Was not the timber which arrived on the 21st of November also part of the stores of the army, and was it not also intended for the shelter of the army7--Certainly. As you admit that you had the distribution of these stores, could the commissioners knowv whether they were applied to the shelter of the army, without examining into the records of your department? Were they wrong in tnasting to those records as to the dates on which shelter was directed to be provided? Was not that the proper source of information? -I am far from saying that the commissioners did wrong in examining into all the details connected with my department, but I thiimk it would have been much better if they had gone a little further, because there was an officer of Engineers, Captain Keane, who was specially intrusted with the charge of this hutting, and was there during the whole time; and I am sure if that officer had been examined he would have given all the information required. Were any orders given, the effect of which was, as Lord Lucan has stated, to prevent him from having huts for his cavalry till January, because they wrere required for the army in front; and was it only late in January, or the beginning of February, that the cavalry were able to put them up '-I think it extremely probable that the statement made by Lord Lucan is erfectly correct. At that time the great pressure was in front; the chief hardships were suffered by the men there, who were fighting day and night, and were much worse sheltered and much further removed from their supplies than the troops down below. Lord Raglan's desire, thlerefore, was that everything should be done first for the sick in front; secondly, for the infantry divisions in front; and, as our transport at that time was m an extremely bad condition, I can quite believe that iustructions were given that, until the hutting of theoinfantry divisions had assumed a certain degree of progress, the cavalry were not to be supplied with huts except for hospital purposes. If Lord Lucan could not get huts to put up could blamae for any delay be attributed to him or to the cavalry ?-I am very far from thinking that there was any blame to be attributed to the cavalry. Mlight not the cirzomstanco of more rapid progress not having been made in obtaining the advantages of hut accommodation be ascribed to your department as well as to the cavalry ?-I do think that if there was a doubt in the mind of the commissioners with regard to whom they would cast blame upon they might just as well cast it upon one department as upon the other. What d-id you conceiv b to e the tenour of the commissioner's instructions? Was it to avoid inquiry into the conduct of offeicers, and merely to indicate in what quarter apparent defects lay, in order that they miglht be made the subject of future inquiry 7-That is a mere question of individual opinion. M1y own opinion and belief was, that the comissiomners came out to inquire into the arrangements for supplying the army, and that this was really more for future guidance than for anything else. I did not conceive it possible that they should take any retrospective view in reterence to the supplies, but rather consider what should be the future system of sap plying the army. it certainly never entered into my head that the commissioners intended to reflect on the conduct of officers. If the commissioners were instructed not to name any officers, but merely to point out what they considered to be defective in the arrangements, might not this circumstance have given rise to a misapprehension of some passages in their report, so that what was intended for one department might be understood as applying to another 7-I think the commissioners ought to have been very particular-perhaps, theywere-not to malke allusions to individuals. But there is a passage in their report which I may, perhaps, be allowed to read. They say:-" It may ber nght here to state, that in doubtful eases we have preferred to rua the risk of pushing our inquiries beyond what might have been ontemplated to incurring the hazard of f short of what w-as intended." I think- it would appear ?rom this that circunstances induced th commisalotters both in the course of their inquiry and afterwards; n their report, to overstep the boundaries which wvere °.ginally fied an their letter Of instructions from the Secetary for War Colonel Tulloch.-Read the twolinesof the report following the passage you have quoted, "At the same time we have not pursued our bsvestllations into matters unconnuected with the npplz Q the army." Do you recollect vour conversations with 8Sm' John Mtl'e-ill and myself, in wNhich 'we mentionied tlc qeaaons why we did not feel ourselves. called upon to exam ne Lord Raglan!-I can't say that I have any recollection of that. I certainly had verfre. quent conversations with Sir John M'NTeil, vwho alI.s spoke in the highest possible lerms of Lord Raglan, to thie very last. Sir John M$Nei and myself separated, I omight Eay, on the most friendly terns. General PEEL.-YOU have, stated that the comamissioners never intimated to you that one of the subjects they were inquiring into was whether a want of promptitude or ingenuity was exhibited in devising some means of temporary shelter for the cavalry horses ?9-'o, I never received any question or heard any allusion of the kind. Would any such intimation have enabled you to give more specific information in order to explain that matfer '- hMost certainly; and I think by such a course the inisapprehensions which have since existed wotld have been entirely removed. Sir W. Rowr.-In No. 3 of General Orders yon allude to ship carpenters. Where were they to be obtained?-I wrote to Captain Christie, the naval agent of transports, and had several personal interviews to induce him to afford me all the assistance which was at his disposal in Balaldava. But while I wish to express a "reat deal of respect and consideration for all the transport'branch of the service attached to our army at that time-and really I don't think it was possible for any set of men, both individually and collectively, to be more anxious to render every assistance in their power-there was a great deal of difficulty about this question. The captains of transport ships appear to have said occasionally "Xat a pity you don't employ our crews, and get from them any assistance you may require." Now, vithout wishing to make the slightest reflection on that body of men, I must repeat what was told to me both by Captain Christie and Admiral Boxer, which deserves consideration here. It must be remembered that the service upon which these ships were employed was of the most disagreeable nature possible. They were thrashing up and down the Black Sea-going backwards and forwards to Marseilles, to the different ports of Asia Miuor, Yarna, and ScutarL. What I wish to say with the greatest delicacy is, that had these crews and artificers been employed on military w orks, these vessels, instead of discharginthe unpleasantserviceIhave mentioned, wouldhave been safely anchored in Balaklava harbour, the captains w ould have lived very comfortably on board, and would have got demurrage for the detention of their ships. HIuman nature could not resist suclh a temptation. Captains would naturally find it more pleasant to be lying at Balakdava than going out into the Black Sea. Such were the representations made to me by Captain Christie and by Admiral Boxer with regard to the employment of these crews. The JuDOE-ADvoCA.TE.-GeneralAirey, the Court wishes to put some questions to'you. You have stated in evidence that from circumstances connected with the alliance, nothing could be settled with reg-ard to the position of the cavalry. Is the Board to understand that the cavalry could not be moved to Eadikol until December in consequence of these military considerations ?-Certainly. Wlln you state whether you think it would have been consistent with safety and security from surprise to h3ve erected wooden sheds and canvass coverings for the horses in the advanced position at Inkermann?-If we could have carried the material up there, and have provided shelter for the horses on the heights, I don't think the danger of a surprise would have been thereby increased. Will you inform the board whether at that period, in November, any of the French cavalry horses were under cover ?-I don't think any French cavalry were under cover until shortly before I came away myself. To the best of niy recollection there were none under cover until the following summer, and then their shelter was extremely scanty-by no means so good as ours by the time it was completed. I remember riding with Lord Raglan at about this period-perhaps a little later. We came upon a French squadron, a picket, and had a conversation with the ciJef d'escadern, talking about the siktheurs of that time. This officer commanded a troop which had come from Algeria, and was considered perfectly aguenrI and accustomed to war. His troop was perfectly unprotected in any way; and the officer informed LordPaglan and myself that out of 120 horses he lost 70 in two nights. Colonel Gordon was then called and examined by Colonel Tulloch. He admitted that, in the course of his examination in the Crimea, he had, ifi illustration of what was done in the Qaartermaster-General's department, quoted this extract from the office register .-" On the same dav sNovember 8) Lord Lucan was directed to make teinporarSy stables as lie best could till timber arrived, and on the 12th of November an engineer officer was placed at his disposal for thepurpose of assisting." Noex;planationwas givenbyhim to the commiss-oners that though thisnotice was inserted it had not and could not be acted upon, because the commissioners did not ask for it. This extract, with others, was simply given to illustrate the frequent communications between the Quartermnaster-General's and other departments, and as no question was asked upon it no explanation vvas therefore afforded. After his return to iEngland he had seen Sir John IF'Neil twoor three times, and was then told that there were some questions which Colonel Tuloch wished to put to him. Had understood Sir John MPNeill to say that he did not care about the matter-that he was satisfied;butthat Colonel Tullochwishedtoput some further questions, which witness would perhaps have the kindness to answer. These questions related to forage and clothing, upon which he had already given evidence, but as Colonel TuUoch never asked him a single question with reard to the huts of the cavalry he had never thought of giving any information; on the subject, and presumed that thecommissioners did not wish to know anything about it. Colonel Tulloch caUed the attention of the board to a letter which had appeared in'The Tiimes, signed by Colonel Yorke, denying the accuracy of a return quoted by him to fhow that the 1st Dragoons were in the Crinmea on the 1st of October. LordBucanhad once or twice found fault with the newspapers for the comments which appeared in them. He (Colonel Tuiloch) was not going to do this, but he did find fault-and bethought the board would be disposed to do the same-with the of ficer who signed his name to this letter. He had summoned Colonel~ Yk-e to attend, and now proposed to examine him with reference to his letter, and to ask what explanation he could offer for making such a statement ? Lieutenant-Colonel Yorke was then called. The Waroffice return, quoted by Colonel TuUoch, was handed to him, and he was invited to read the date of the return and the station of the 1st Dragoons, as given on that date. He admitted that his signature was attached to this document, by which it was made to appear that the head-quarters of his regiment were at Balaklava on the 1st of October, 1854. The fact was that there was a portion of the regiment at Balaklava on the 1st of October, but the head-quarters under his command did not arrive there until the 4th, and disembarked on the 5th. Witness -was called upon to read the letter written by him to 27ie Times, amd explained the discrepancybetwveen his statement to the editor and the official return, with his signature attached, by saying that the return, though dated October 1, was not signed on that day, it havin,g been kept open for hins signature until he landed. Witness had also stated in his letter that the Enniskilen Dragoons were not in the Crimea on the ist of October, but a similar return, transmitted to the Waroffice by the commanding officer of that regiment, was handed in by Colonel ~ulloch, dated "Head-quarters, Balakilava, October 1."I Then the authorities of the War-office must not understand, when a return is received from you, dated " Headquarters, Balaklava, October 1," that your regiment is actually there at the time9.-This return was left open for my signature under peculiar- circumstances, because, as the head-quartei6 were then at sea, there was nobody else to sign it. The PRESmEN'T expressed his regret that, after the opinion given by the board some days since re6pecting newspaper comments uPOn the proceedings, Colonel Yorke should have wr'itten this letter to Tke lTines. Colonel Yorke said, his letter was not written in reference to the proceedings of the board, but to a statement made in a leading article. Colonel Tualoch then caUed Lord Lucan for cross- examination. Colonel TuUoch.-The words of the Royal warrant are, that the conduct of certain officers has been aniniadlerted upon in the report of Sir J. 'NTeill and myself. Will you point out the particular animadversion of which you complained? Take, for instance, these paragraphs of the report:- "With reference to the effect of the deficiency of forage and the other privations to which the horses of the army were exposed, we have ascertained the loss among them fromvarious causes inthe cavalry and artillery. A summary of the returns obtainled on hat head will be found at page 193 of the Appendixe, which showvs the loss attributable to sickuess to be as follows, for the six months from October to March inclusive: Strength. Died by RPatio per cent. Sickness. of Deaths. Heavy Cavalry 1,055 ... 493 ... 47 Light Cavaly 1,11 ... 439 ... 38 Artillery ... ... 2,832 ... 1,190 ... 42 Total ... 5,048 ... 2,122 ... 42 On referring to the loss sustained by the Commissariat aninals. durin the same period, it 'will be found rather less than inthe cavalry or artillery; the deaths among therm having, according to a return furnished by CommnissariatGeneral Adams, amounted toalbout 889 out of 2,329, orininallv imported into the Crimea, or in the proportion of 3S per cer;t., a result which could scarcely have been expected, considering the advantages which cavalry horses might be supposed to have over hard worked baggage arnaals, to whom little attention couild be paid at such a period." Lord Lucan.-There appears to be no mention of my name there. My object in referring to this part of the report is to show it is incorrect, which I am qmte prepared to do. There is no animadversion in that passage, because the loss was greater than is there stated. You have accused me of malignity towvards the cavalry, and now you state I have under-estimated the losses of cavalry? How do you reconcile those statements ?-When I used theword " malignity" I did not refer to this partof the report. It was only when I observed the total want of aceicracy on the part of the commissioners in dealing Vith figures. I will next refer to tho case of Colonel Griffiths. Does that contain any animadversion? " Considering, also, the suffering and severe loss of horses from exposure to the weather in the commencem-ent of the winter, there.' appears to have been a wait of promptituds or inge-i unity in devising for them some means of temporazsy shelter, such as saveed the baggage horses of the Sappers auid. Miners at BahIlava. Experience has now proved that, even a very moderate degree of shelter would have beci- sufficient to save the lives of many of the horses, if rat to. maintain them in serviceable condition - and it must'be p resumed that such measures were considecred. practicable, for a propsal to erect, with the assistace of his men, some sort of cover for the horses of theecorps, appears to have beent made by the officer commanding the Seots Greys, bwt the manner in which it is stated to have been received 1.#the Lieutenant-General commanding the cavalry-was ez.lculated to deter other officers fo making any similar proposals." That is a severe animadversion indeed If understand rightly, the object is to &how that not only Colonel Griffiths .but otber officers wereq deterred from doing their duty by jiolence bniMy part, The comipMoners ch rge the cavab'l with tardiness in erecting huts, and then they go on to state that the " manner in which a suggestion was received by the Lieutenant-General conmmanding the cavalry was calcalated to deter other officers from mindng ary similar propoaal." I cannot read it otherwvisse than as intended to con-. vey an idea that the imputed delay was partlv attributable' to what passed between Colonel Griffiths ana myself. In answer to a question from the Board, Lord Lncan said he believed that on the occasion referred to by Colonel Griffith's Lord W. Paulet and Colonel Hedge mere present, but was not certain. Colonel Tulloch.-Is there any statement on the part of the Commander that the threat of arrest was not justifiable .-It is not the statement of the fact which I regard as an animadversion, but the unfair inference which - is endeavoured to be drawn. I deny that any officer was. threatened-with arrest on that account. I am ready to state all the circumstances which occurred between Colonel GriTiths and myself, and am prepared distinctly to deny his statement of being threatened with arrest. If the comluissioners attached that importanee to Colonel Griffith's' statement which they appear to have done, they should have. examined Lord W. Paulet or Colonel Hodge, or some of those other persons to whom they allude, but cannot name. My great complaint against the conmnissioners is, that they receive as facts the statements of officers ihen they had the opportunity of examining other parties as to the truth of those statements. Colonel Tufloch referred to the paragraph in the report in which it wias alleged that there had been an apparent want. of promptitude an ingenuity in devising some ieans of temporary shelter, and invited Lord Lucan to point out inz what way he was therein animadverted upon?1-As the officer commancling the cavalry it was my duty to have devised any possible means of alleviatig the sufferings of the cavalry. Therefore I conceive the imputed want of promptitude and ingenuity is an an,imadversion lupon me.: -lilay it not refer to Lord Raglan for delaying to give - orders to shelter the horses 1-If the commisis>oners wishedto impute blame to Lord Raglan and not to me,J they should have been Clearer in their report; I am not prepared to say that there was any want of promptitude on the part of the Quarteirmaster-Gteneral's Departmnent. General PEEL, referring to the words of the paragraph in. the report, oLserved, that the Want of promptitude and in-- genuity suggested, referred to adopting some means of sheltermng the horses, and not to the want of those means. General BEn,UcELEY observed that the commissioners ought to know to whomthey referred in their report. Colonel Taulloch replied that they had no power to name any one. le only wished to show that the commissioners had no anirnws against the cavalry. To constitute an animadversion there must be a mention of name, whicb did not occur in this case. In reply to further questions from Colonel Tilloch, the noble earl said he considered the report as reflecting upon the cavalry, and as their commander he regarded that as an animadversion upon himself. If the blame wfias intended to be laid upon the troops under his command, he should regard that as an a version upon himself, He could not say whether it wvas true, as stated in the report, that one-' iifth of the whole number of men were employed in convey. ing provisions and siclk, but if it was intended to imply that a large number of men were applicable to the duty of pro. vciding shelter, he was prepared to state that that was not the case. The heavy duties of transport were performed by the cavalry unt-il the end of January. Colonel Tullochs then proposed to read the returns sent in to the commnissioners by the commanders of cavalry regiments of the number of men employed In transport duties, and the total number of men in each regiment. Lord Lucanbegged to inform the Board that the returns alluded to wvere quite incorrect, and that Colonel Hadge had nritten to him to say that they were completelv wrong, so far as he was concerned ; and Colonel Mayow had expressed a similar opinion. If, said the noble earl, these questions are intended to meet the imputation of " malignity," I may observe that I regret having said anything of the sort ; but was led to believe there had been some feeling by the extraordinary ambiguity in which these gentlemen have~ indulged in drawing up their report. You state the returnsobtained ythe commissioners areincorrect. . Onght we not to have p laced confidence in retarns made by the cosmmanders of each brigade, and signed by the Quartermaster General of the division7.-I do not impute anything to the connulissioners; but it is unfortunate that they alw ays applied to thewrong officers. lWycorrespondence will show hon incorrect are these returns. The noble earl then, from his correspondence, shewed' that on the 25th December 500 men were employed on transport duties, upon which Colonel Tulloch observed that the commissioners upon the same day gave the cavalry credit for 522 horses so employed, the error, if any being ia favour of the cavalry. Lord Lucan, however, repeated that tho returns of the commissioners were quite valueless. Colonel Tulloch then requested the board to caU for returns showing the number of men and horses employed iR carrying sick and provisions in December and January 1855. In answer to further questions, Lord Lucan, in reference to a passage in the report to the effect that being -within a mile of the stores, with no trench work to do, it was surprising that no more rapid progress was made by the cavalry in providing shelter, stated that these were inaccuracies of fact, inasmuch as the stores were more then a mile distant, and that although the huts for the men weri not erected until the end of January or the beginning of February, yet a number of hospital huts were erected earlier, of which no notice was taken in the report. It was also incorrect to state that only one-fifth of the total number of men and horses were employed in the conveyance of pro isions and sick. Colonel Tulloch referred to the answers given by the commanders of each cavalry regimeent, upon which the con. clusion of the commiissioners were founded, and asked Lord Lucan whether that evidence would alter his impression 9- The noble earl replied, that when thoae officers gave their answers they could not have been aware that the questions were intended to refer to hospital huts. Are you a-ware that the commissioners had no power to inquire into the conduct of anly officer, but only to inquire into matters relating to supplies9.-Having read the commissioners' instructions most carefully and repeatedly, I have no hesitation in avowing my belief that those instructions intended to confine your inquiries to the Commissariat supplies, and that you very much exceeded your duty when you went beyond that. WZas it not necessary to indicate any quarter in which furtber inquiries might be prosecuted, should further inqu3i- be necessary ?-I differ entirely from that view. I say it wvas not necessary to indicate any quarter for further in quiry beyond the question of Com,missariat suppli;es. General PEE3 .-Do you mean, Colonel Tulioch, that the Government was not to conclude upon your report without further msquiry ? Colonel Tulloch.-Ycs. We did not mention anv names. but many things which might be inquired into. e said there bad been a want of promptitude and ingenuity in some ouarter or other. Genieral PEEL.-Do you mean that a further inquiry should have taken place before the publication of your report ? Coloncl Tulloch.-I do not say that there is no passage in our report upon -which any officer can lay his hand and say he is the person indicated. The galant colonel then proceeded with his exami&ation of Lord Lucan. Is your Lordship aware that our report has been approved by Her Majesty's Government, from whom we received our instructions? Does thatlook asif wehad exceededourinstructions? Of course I can say nothing of any approbation or disapprobation exipressed to the commissioners by any member of Her Mfajesty's Government or by the Government; but I can say this, if tey have done so they have done it inconsiderately and hastily. AVhom do you consider responsible for finding shelter and cover for the cavalry horses in the field .-The Commanderin-Chief of the army. General PEEL.-In what way, Colonel Tulloch, and upon what occasion has the approbation of the Government been expressed upon your report? Colonel Tulloch.-The approbation expressed by Lord Panmure to Sir J. 2sPNeill and myself when we presented it, and subsequently, when it wvas laid upon the table of the House of Commons-a proceeding -which implies approval In addition to that, Lord Palmerston has expressed his approval of it in the house. Lord Lucan was then further questioned, and stated that he considered it to be the duty of the QuartermasterGeneral, having obtainedthesanction of the Commander-inChief, to provide, as far as he could for the shelter of the horses under all circumstances. He did not agree with the distinction drawn by Sir R. Airey, in his evidence, between the duties of the Quartermaster-General in a country where there were towvns and villages, and in one where there were none. Ho considered the duty of providing shelter for the horses equally incumbent upon the Quartermaster-General in either cases, provided he had the means of doing so. The great loss of horses arose from the excessive work impos6d upon them by the performance of the tr.ansport; *and so, exercise of promptitude or ingenuity in providing shelterwould have prevented that loss. Colonel Tulloch said he had no further questions to put to Lord Lucan, and had only one more witness to examine The JuDGE-ADVoCA.1T-The Board wish to ask yon, Colonel Tuloch, in referenceto thatpassage in the Report relating to Colonel Griffiths, would not have been within. the power of the commissioners to have obtained more dis- inct evidence on the subject by exmining Lord W. Paulbb and Colonel Hedge, the latter of whom having been befoie the commissioners shout three wreek;s later?9 Colonel Tulloah.-Had we done so we should have- been inquiring asto the conduct of au officer -by taking upa specific charge against Lord Lucun. There is noihmn in what we h-ave stated which can be called an animadIersion. We simply said it was stated to us that his Lordship did threaten to place Colonel Griffiths under arrest, andthat such a threat was calculated to deter other ofhers fron making similar suggestions. The JuDo c-ADVoe&Tv.-Y<oadid not endeavor=to verify Colonel Griffith's statement. by the examination. of ColoneL Hodge or Lord . Paulet ? Cslonel Tulloch.-No; nor did we put the statement forward as one the aocuran of which ve could voach for. The Court t'hn adjourned' itil to-morromb,iis day). '
AAdvertise=nt .1l1ow stady. only2g., "'he Life anh Ad.venture3 orJ;es Ge dtTaion Xiller'" a,tmfxiye of the nbat startiing and wxtraordiAry ex*ioit everrecorbdo in h.be zinais of Ad.- -venture. owotk- ccumlateLvith the r&pid!t_ of li2htnin% hroughOniFtrncc c- itS UpP4& ee2 feW Months ag anOanaow-pIblisbedin English. in a cheap form.wder copyright Ugaty-cannot fail to. ha edi1y iz, the ba ofever-y reader in the t-hree 1ngdonmL t zi o' Zl owtl~hkl the boot for iiU or omnibus. ad ia sold at ev: zhoP and etafisn. L.obert ud Co., 462, lNew CvQd.treet. [Ad-cse ent-7-The 2New Nqoel, cc Maargaret as ILer BridtSds,"-l the author of " Wozan'x Devotion," irt3 vols. is 4oVreattt,at sUthe librarieL. IWemy save owrelv the otW.IA tsa the Atmerna of giving any IFegthened review of this rvrk. fo we recommondl all who aye in seach of a fascinatinx,noveltozz+--. forthemselvea They willfid it vQ vorth their vbil's Thece are a freshness and originfaity abontit quite charming, an&there ita oera o nobleness in the treatmeat boiheth sentiment and hicident whic is not often found. We imagine thatfe vcouldrewaitwitoWut deriving some comfort or profit srona tbe quiet good ae.aud ndno'0trnsire words of counsel witb w hich is ahounds. be 5.vOcr iae. It jethe historyof four echoolfe.llow. 2dssgs.et.1 'Uereoe 3 conrae, a woman in the bighoot state of poreotion; but I,otts,;th little ilfu.veiid, hrave, fascinating Lists-is t.hegem of tei=,.1 aDd. as faur as our c~rbenoe in noeru raing goes. Acl is a ze01l1 ti originaVcharaeter-'- creation, an a very charming one.: Wfbo a tle authoress3will giva us somc.more novelS as goodas* {., -,her Bridesnindlil,'" .-Husst and DiatialL p'zbiisiers, . : , ,~e'
Totl,eVFIFTFY - I &T. it.TPGE, Hiarover-equare. WyLod,and aLuGUtteD.) TEIiM1T mue to rttvin ! cu my nmost sincere t:banks Havig taen n acise it I ir proingthepbli health for many C.noeai J.etia R . ALIs. X.Di,'. apouatnta,. andit owill them i. ilaeeer.ens.e, R,ovi College of Phy-icians. ~PANSH OUPNS.A PBLIO MEETING J.- oftheHoler ofCii, .s l-rCerifiate),from 1840 to 1831. will iso eld t th Lonon aser, onTuesay, he 9th of April, at. 12 for Thuchirwil b tke b ;cerl irJOHN FITZGERALD, Ttiu object Is to form ant c.civa Committee, who may adopt such energetic measures as mnav tc",i- t.O lead to a favottrable is8ue. Holders of Certificates or Cul,)asas desirous to act on2 tho Committee and to subscribe to any nec,o arj expenses, mnay addresz to Sir John 'Fitzgerald vrevious to the Me-s;ing, at his residence. 20. Ceeckspur-st. FWNof GEELIt)NG LOAN, -Victoria.-Tbe Bakof Ne,w South le will PAY the HAL-Y-EARt'g INTEREST. due on the lot f.f May. I1818, on the Securities issued by wadr te athuty f he lois1Actof17t Vitora, o.23, and Pariesenttle toreeiv s~la rin'irlsumes and interest are tequesed o loge he scurtieshel by hemat this otlico. withi a list aetingforh te nsahrs.dats, nd mout of the sanie. in order tha thy ay ecivepsoret n treeclar ay aferhe ayof such lodament. JOHN SALMON, Secre~~~~tary. 37. Cannors-staeet. London. April 16, 181-6. JJ -ONDON CORPORAT-ION BILL.-A PETI- JUTION against. the passiinrosf the above BilL agreed to at. the Commiion Haul held thin~ day, mcll LIEK for SIGNATUIRE at the Consanittee Room. Guildball. 'air Weduesday, the 16th. Thurwday, the 17th, 7fridiay. the 1Sth, and S tuard.sy. the 19th, from 10 till 4 o'clock each day. Ceutrnal Committee Roomai. 1aiaalhlaali. April 15,.1852. J3 ROAD-STREET WARD, 16 th of iS5. At a W tDMOTI lad- th.s da before the RgtWrhpu SirJOllN MUSG1tOV~~Lt art., AleMan of the ad It as esovel-Tht vieaeiaasr with .1arms a Lew principle enunciat,,d ia a binl no,w peaigr 1,evare the louse of Commons entitled A Bill for the SetR e-45a1 stion of the Corprmtion of London,' whecelsyc'aporate proeryis w-irgliat to be dlealt wvith by confiiscation wathout. conszent or Innui. an-l lurchaseet riFht.s and privileges3 of the citizensof Londo iaddwhich have from tamue immiemorial been enjoyed unitr chartersi ala.. arts of Parliament. without impeachxnsut. of manage-uent. contrarY to the first. principle of eqeuity and jusatice Ab;o that. the changes aiffrting the privileges of the citizens of London in the election and vE.aositutaeu of tise Lord Mayor. Aldermen and Coianmou oDunciI are likely to prove injurious to the city community at. Large. and believing that t1Ie Corporation, if enabled by Parliament., are desirous to effect such who!ssome reformis an would mieet. the requirements of the times ThIt thiis WVardmote do petition the Hon. the House of Commonrs against the bill That a petition, founded upon the foregoing resolutions, be fairly ti-aucribed. signed by the Wardl Clerk, and pla3ced in the hands- of Johni ldasterman. Eisa.. IH.P.. -it.a the request. that br wiU presnt th &,me to the Beon. the House, of Commnacs and support the prayer th:ereof. That. the best thanks of tlals Wardalmte be given to Sir John latoigrove. Bear, for his able and impartial conduct in the chair this else. That the above resolutions beo advertised in the usual Papers. CHEAP WA-RD. At an espeeial COURT of 4cWARDM,oYE. hollen in and for the said '%Yard at.theGtialhdhal Ovial'ehouse. King-strest. Chliapside, on Weadnesdlay the 16th day of April. 1818. before the Worshipful RitCHAltD) HARTLEY KE~N7fI?Y. Alalerauan of the Wa'r.li. to take into consideration the bill p,resiesatd to the House of Comoniosfor the regulation of the Corperatian, of' the city of Loudena. It rra. moved by Mfr. The-hey. se_conded by MEr. Lucas, and resolved; That this WaRfinote. although, desiring to see the elective franichise L.i regard to municip3l olfics extende-1, and other imProvements made ira Ito administration of the affairs of this city. wholly disapproves of tae main features of the hill izasreedued into the HOUsle Of Commons by Sir George (irey, entitled "A Bill for the Setter Regulation of the Corporation. of the City of London." as s-eriouslY Prejudicial to the ji rurciples of Iocal elf-&,oeerainaeat. atwas moved by Mrx. Stew~art.. seconded by Mfr. Phimm, and resolved tamasimorasly ; Thaat. the office of Chief Magistrate of this the first city in the world La oue of reat inaportance. both an counected with its local rights andI Parivileges andi its relation withi foreign Powers, and to be filled in a Piroper and tsatisactory Hoanner should oiily he held by a gentleman who bas had the opportunity of previous initiationx into its duities and 'who hiaz been elected thereto by the voice of hiis felilow-citizens; therefoce. to place the right of election in the bands of the fractional part w!ho wouldI compo.se the Ne,w Court. of Common Council and gave that. (taurt the lower of choosing aniy inexperienced person to AUl that office is depriving it of aits dignrity and efficiency. it was moved by M1r. Cos, seconaded by M1r. Asheombe, andI resolved smnanimously; That totakeawa i-e th Aldrme ofthis city their duties as I'oicoMagstate, wen t.is drutret.tht those duties have been auntsatsfatorly erfrme, ad L inerfre ith the revenues of the ity whih hve ben ptdid t purose ofgreat practical utility, au- inoas uon herigts ndpriileenf tectizens, which they are It was mloved by Mr. Hancock. seconded by M1r. Baldwin. andre- solvednananimouasly:- That a petition to the Commnons House of Parliament, embc4lying thze foregoing rcsolutioiis. anal praying the House to negative the s,econd recading of the hill. `6e forthwith prepared for the signatures of t1he. inliab!itans And that. Mr Masterm-an be requested to present tha, pe3tition, and that the other members for the city be applied to ha sapport the same. it was moved by Mr. Connell. seconded by3fx. W. Tegg, and resolved unanimousily; Th at. tire thanks of this meeting are due, and are hereby givein, to our espcte Aldrma th Worhipul ichardI Hartl2ey Kennedy, forhispropttud ir cnveain tis ardsoe. nd orhis urbanity is Ins ove byMr. og,secnde by r. . Tgg,and resolved Tha th foegong eslutons sinedbythe Want Clerk, be advertisd ia Te ime, Dil Nes, ornngChrnito,Morning Advertissr. nd Gotenewsapes. PTERW. FRY. Ward Clerk. ATa COURT of ASSISTAXTS of the Vorshipful .~Co3mpanY of - UTCHIIEIS. held at. their Hall. on Tuesdaiy, the 11th of April, 1816 ; The MASTER in the chair; It was resolved unanimously. That thiss Court. do petition tlae Hon. Itouse Of Commons against the London Corporation BUil introduced ly Sir George Grey. Resolvedl. That the petitionf now read be adoptedl. TotCie Hon, the Commons of the trotnted Kingdom in Parliament assembsled. The humble Petition of the WVorshjipful Company of Butchers of the city of London. nuider their common seal. Showeth.-Thsat a Bill is now depending in your HOn. House, int:trle,t 'A Bill f6r the better regulation of the Corporation of the City of Londton ' that by the said Eil it is Proposed to make greatand lins3portisut changes in the constitution of the Corportion of the city of 7,ondon. arid in the management of the affairs hitherto confided to the citizeus of London : thatFaucla proposed changes will be iinjurious to your Pe! itiolners andk the Other citizeus of London. by deprivng them of th-eir t-ghts, and in the judgment of your petitioners will not benefitt thze public. '"That tehe said Bill proposes to alter entirely the constitution of the TM-euet. Colurt of Aldermen anal to lower their position, and wHi de3ar.-re tLe citizens of Lo)ndon of the valuable privileges of electing their o,wn fmagistrates.and the Aldlernen of the power to sit aspolice justices. t IThat bY the aist Bill it is proposed to transfer the right. of electing the Lord Mayor, the Sheriffs, the Chamberlain, and other of the city oilicers fromn the great body of the Livery of London to the select body Li-reafter to be for-ed as the Court of Common Council, and proposed tao consist of 96 members. "Tha inthe pinon o yor peitinerstheProposed alterations willnotbenfitin ny ay he itiensof ondn, but are likely to lpropoeu ateotis a Honthetiagou ir petitiones' rightsand' el privlbegs JOSEPH DAW, Clerk. J AME AND RSON Traedia.-Jamtes Avderisoaa * bes rspetfuly o ifor thse anaerswino have honoured urnby n apliaton or is erice, tat isarrangements for the jarsen ae cmpete asi hat lo cnnt ngoiate other engagements til th moth f My.Mr.Jams Aderonappears THIS EVENiNG.in onjncton ithMis Elworhy,at.the Theatre Royal, Birmigham.They isit iverpol net Monay. pril 21, Bacn' Hoel Lncon'-in. EOGEA PDEWS, Secretary. 11LURYX-LA_NE-Engl1ish Opera.-In conseqvtence .7of the demrrand for p!aces and the desire of the artistes that mothing shall impe-de the wondterfully incrasing popurlarity of II ~Trovatore. Or The Gtipsy's Vengeance, the Directors have great Idlea7ure in -nnormncing its representation every evening until further _rzt.ire with the foliowirs, unprecedlentedI array of English art6stes: Mucy Escott, Miss Fanny hualdart. JMr. Aragustus Braharn, Mr. Ilenri J)ristoa. Mfr. Iuarand, &-c.--TO NIoGHT, andI every evening dliring the week. I-L TROVATOP,E; or. The GIrIsys Vengeance. 'f conclude with, the success-ful ballet of TEIE ENCHLAN-TED GARDEN. Reduced *yrices as U.-=I.l T1VHEATRE ROYAL, HAYMIARKET.-THIS -LEVENIN~G. To-morrow (Ffriday), and on Saturday), to commence at 7 withi the noe, suit greatly successful comedy of THE EVIL GEN`IUS. Tom Ripetone (the Evil Genius). MNr. Buckstone; Hill *Oiobey.Esq., Mr. Chippendale ; Joe WVithers, M1r. Compton: Walmsley, 3tr. W. Farren ; Lady Ringwood. Miss Reynolds: Clara, Miss Sssanbarough. After which the renownedt Spanish Dancer, Perea Nina, with Manuel Perez and a new Comnpany, in the new ballet. paulomnime of EL GAImmUSINO ; or. The Mexican Goldseeker. Withl .(for this night only) COURT FAVO-UR, in which Miss Blanche Fane wtill appsear. And THE, Pi)STaNL'Ji` KNOCK. To-rmorrow,. after El Gambiscino. Miss Talbotwill makse her first appearance in Grimshaw, lagaI1aW. and Bradshaw. OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - KING-- IAHEN-RY VIII. will be perfrmned THIS EVENING (Thuirsday, April 17). when it. will be definitively withdraWn, having then comn-laleted the unPrecedented run of 180 nights. DOYL PRINCESS's THEATRE,-Mr. and Mrs.. tCAP-LES KEAN respectfully inform the Public that. their ANN-UAL BEN-EFIT will take place on Monday week. April 28. on which occasionwill be produiced Shakapeare's play of THLE WINTER'S XA-LE. Leones, Mrr. C. Kean : Hermione, Mrs. C. Keani. HEaATRE ROYAL, A4!DELPHI.-Great Hjt~- -L The highly successful new Adelpha drama, calledLikce andI Unlike, eveCry evening, an performned before Her Majesty. with This Evening 'Urgent. Private A.ffaadrs at second price, and 5lother and Child are 3)oiig Well : and To-morrowr I Friday). last. time, the Royal Panto- nime.-THIS EVENING. LIKE AND UNLIKE,by?NMr. B. Webister. 3Mr. Wright, and MaIdanme Celaeste. With URGENT PRIVATE; AFFAIRS : by M1r. WVright. And MOTHER A-ND CHILD ARE DOING W"ELL:a by Mr. Wright. To-morrow (Friday), after Like and Unlie, tIre Royal burlesque anid comlic pantomime of Ja clk and the Be'an Stallk. T HETREROYAL, ADELPHI (REBUILDING andENLARGING).-The present. proprietor, having purchased the entire freehold of this theatre and freehold property adjoining, intens during the ensuing asuinner to rebuild and enlarge the same. so asenafor more ample accomnnodation to the numerous patrons of this popular PIace of amusement., and increase the mneans ox preducing Zthe effects for which it. is so universally celebrated ; to this end, and to xneef in some degree the consequent. heavy expenditure, a limited tnumber Of DEBENTURES, seCured on the entire freehold, will be 3ISSUED, bearing guaranteed interest. of 5 per cent., per amunm, and enttngecdebenture holder to a transferable free admission to ever Xurtmnethogot every season. This being the only freehold thetreexitin, te scurty ndadvantage of these debentures an an invstmnt.areunaprochale.Full particulars will be published in the oure o th moth,wit teform of application. TanL. 1 . 1 8B. . WEBSTER. rl iHEATRE ROYAL SADLER's -IWELLS.- JLBENEFIT of Miss CUSHM'AN THIS EVEN-NG (Thiuasday) - flhe inimitabule comedian Mr. Buckatone will aPpear for this, niht. oaly.-MHis Cashnian will sustain two of her best charaetems.3fsa Anderton and Mr. George Tedder will also appear.-The performances will also commence with the drama, of THE ACHRESS OF PADUA. lhisbe, Wmis Cushman ; Catarina, Mims Aaaderton. Mr. George Tedder -wil w.g apoplarson. Aterwhih, NLYA HAL'FPEN,NY, -mr. Stale Joes Mr Bckaon. T cncldewith SL%IPSON AND CO.lais. impon.Mis Cuhma. MssCushmann wHil positively male he las. apeaanceon aturay.Mr.and Mrs. Charles Dillon, of te Teates oya Dubin.Manheser,andLiverpool. wil make0 thei firt apearace i Lonon o Monay nxt, pril21, in the sIrsoasof eipege. Bxes Is.andIs.pit Is; glley, d. S ~AND TEATREI.-THIS EVENING, -Mr. BulicrTded e auiences. Charls, Handon thirwoner hof thae wold.diyPe engagement of this extraordinary artiste, who-will appearnightly inbhis br,igiaat and almost incredlible performances. ASTLEY's ROYAL ATNPHITHEATRE.-bir. .M WILLIAM COOKE has the plessure to announce that hig ANUA.L COMP'LIMENTARY BENEFIT-will takeplaceon Tuesday noeat, the 21st of April inst.. under the very distinguished patronage, ,id hixoured by the presence, of the Right. Hon. the Lord aMajs; oa r wich occ----on a ma"ofcent and recherchi selection of Equestrian 3?be1#ai'-iat8 will be presented. To secure private Iozes and meat. an o erly application is necessaryr. Box-office open daily from 11 till . OREAT N'ATIONAL STANDARID ?HATRRE.- ex rogwieto" Mr. John Donglawe-Engacemsent of Miss GIyn Mr. j. Marsto,, aud MlM Rebeci Issam-THIS EVENING, the play oj ZffoXiy A-ND CLEOPATRA. (riparalleled In histrioni xeanry." rM H. Xsactosi (of thie Theatre Royal, Sa-iawell) ~3aiMRebeca Iaacswill also appear in opera ~4~ALLa PHOOGRAPIC GALLERY, 24 ,L7J~.8tect corer o Aryll-tlac.-Pof ,~.p. on~ -ad a HER M1AJESTY's THEATRE.-It is restfily announced that Her Majesty's Theatre will R-OPEN early im .a. Engagements of great interest have been effected both in Opera and Baet, and the best exertions used to make thie arrangements rorthyof!2he occision. The prospectus will immediately be isued. The inscben. and friends of Her Majestys Theatre, who feel an interest in the succe3s of this great esta,lishment, are respectfully invited to fSwnard early intinmation of their intention to subscribe. the season will consist of 30 nights, ant the prices wiU be as foUow :-Pit boxes, 120 to 150 guineas: grand tier, 180 t, 200 guineas; one pair, 120 to 150 ;nineas* two pair, 75 to 10 guineas; pit stalls 25 guineag. The boxoffice is now open. ROYAL ITALIAN OPERA, LYCEUM. Extra Night. THIS EVENING (Thursday), being an Extra Night, will be performed (for the second time this sesson1) Verdi's grand opera. IL TItovAToRE. Azucenia. Mdlle. Didido ; Leonora, Aladasno Jenny ey; Inez, Madame Tagliafico; n Coisto di Lutna. SienorGraziani Fernando, Signor Taglialico; Rui7. Signer Soldi; tfn Zingaro, Signor Gregorio; anld i',aurico, hignor Tamberlik (who wvill sing for a few nights only previon. to his departure for Itie Janeiro). Conductor.- -Mr. Costa. The box-offlce (under the Portico in WYellington-street) is open from 10 till 5 o'clock. Admission to tho pit, 5sE; amphitheatre stalls, To.; amphitheatre. Is. Gi. DRURY-LANE.-ENGLISH OPERA. Under the lfanagrement of Mlessrs J. Hf TuUy and F. Eingsbury. THIS EVENING IL TROVATORE: or. The Gipsy's Vengeance. Characte by blessrs. A. Brabam, Henri Drayton, and Duraud; Misscs Lucy Escott and F. Huddart. To conclude with THE ENCHANTED GARDEN. THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMLARKET. Under the Mlanagement of hmr. Buclkstone. THIIS EVEhING. THE EVIL GFNIUS. By 3tes5. BuckAOtne, ComPton: hlisses Reynolds, Swanborough, &c. After which. EL GAMIBtUSINO: or. The Mexican Goldseeker. To be followed by COURT FAVOUR. To concludo with TE_E POSTAUN'S KNOCK. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Under the Mlanagement of Mr. Charles Kean. THIS EVENING wiU be presented KING HENRY VIII. Queen Katharine. Mrs. C. Kean. Cardinal WoLsey.5Mr. C. IKean. After wbich. THE VICTORt VANQUISHED. To conclude with A PRI-NCE FOR. AN HOUR. THEIATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI. Proprietor, Mr. B. Webster; Directress, Mladane Celeste. THIIS EVENING wfll be presented LIKE AND UNLIKE. Characters by Messrs. B. Webster. Wright, P. Bedford, C SeIby Garden, Moreland. Henry: Madamo Celeste. Mliss WIndham. Miiss Laid aw, &c. After which. URGENT PRIVATE AFFAIRS. To conc~lude with MOTHER AND CHILI DARE DOING WELL. ROYAL OLYMSPIC THEATRE. Lessee, Mfr. Alfred Wigan. THIS EVEN'IG wiU be Presented STILL WATERS RtN DEEP John hlildmay, Mlr. A.Wi'ns M hIrs. Hector Stenshold, Airs. Stirling' Toconcludewith THE DIS6REET PRLNCF.SS. Characterabybessrs. F. Robeon, Emery. Danivers, H. Cooper. White, Oif ton; - bissesJuliaSt. George, Ternan. larston, Maskell, and Stephens. Commence at i past 7. THEATRE ROYAL, SADLER'S-VELLS. Under the Management of Mr. George A. Webster. For thc BELN-EFIT of Miss CUSHMAN. THIS EVENIh'G wiU be presented TRE ACTR, ESS OF PADUA. Thisbe, Miss Cushman: Catarina, MSiss A.derton : Angelo, hir. E. F Edr-ar After which, ONLY A HlATFPEKNh&'. To conclude wRith S'tMFPSON AND CO. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. lessees, Mlessrs. Shepherd and Creswick. THIS EVEN'IG will be presented HOW WE LIVE IN THE WORLD OF LONDON. CharactershyMesors. Shepherd, C.A. Calvert, J. H. Rickards Widdicomb, Ac.; Mlisses Mlariott, F. Sanders, A&. Aftr wich H.Hanon' Peforancs.To be followed by THE fOStMAe'S KOCK. } TSo conclumde wiCthT ELHAUSEN. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. Lessee and Manager, hrr. W. Cooke. THIS EVENING Wil be presented THE ARAB OF TE18 DESERT AND HIS FAITHFUL STEED. After which, the Wonders of the Circle, &c. To conclude with an English Steeplechase. TO CORRESPON7DENITS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5?d. is the price of a copy with the isnpressed stamp affixed. Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. We cannot enter into the quarrels between Mr. PIIILLIPS, the inventor of the fire annihilators, and Mr. CURTIS the Secretary of the Fire Annihilator Company. No notice can be taken of anonymous communicatMons. Whatever is intended for insertion must he authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We c-annot undertake to return rejected communications. z Sr The publication of Ttis Tjr3S commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morninz, and finished at 10 minutes past 9.
LOiYDON, THUBSDAY, APRIL 17, 1856. The Hlouse of Commons yesterday, in a Committee upon the Justices of the Peace Qualification Bill, had got through but a few of the clauses when, difficulties arising at every step, the Chairman was ordered to report progress. On the order for the second reading of the Ministers' MIoney (Ireland) Bill, moved by Mlr. FAGoN-, MIr. G. A. Hirnrow moved to defer the second reading for six months. The object of the bill, he observed, was to abolish entirely a charge, not upon persons, but upon property, and to confer upon the owners of houses in certain towns in Ireland an exemption from a liability to which that property was subject when they acquired it at the expense of the ministers of the established chturch; so that, instead of being an act of justice, the abolition of this charge would be an act of injustice. Mlr. MEACTIFEr denied that this was a question of property ; it was, he contended, a religious question, the tax being a remnant of the old penal code. Even regarded as a question of property, the charge -upon the hardship and injustice of which he insisted-was unfairly levied. MNlr. BLAcK supported the bill. He was, he said, experimentally acquainted with this charge; in Edinbtirgh there was no tax considered so cruel in its nature as the annuity-tax, which was similar in its character to ministers' money in Ireland. He denied that it fell upon the proprietor; it was paid by the tenant. Mr. MIAAL likewise supported the bill, on a principle of justice, considlering that Parliament exposed itself to a charge of partiality in dealing withl religious sects in Ireland when it withdrew the endowment of May-nooth and refused to abolish a much smaller tax wrhich constituted a cgrievance in certain towlns. Lord BEi-RN\ARD obser-ved that the ministers had made a considerable sacrifice for the sake of peace, and the question was whethler or not a debt due from proprietors in these towns should be paid to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners. There was no religious grievance; the difficulty had arisen from certain corporations having declined to carry out the law of the land. iMr. Honsm3i-x said this was a question of much difliculty and embarrassment. It was not an isolated Irish question: it was one of a class of questions long agitated; the church-rate in England and the annuity-tax in Scotland were, like ministers' money, alleged to be taxes on property, and in law they were so, but in policy they al involved religious questions. The difficulty of the Government had been immensely increased by the act of 1854, miscalled a settlement of this question, which was a series of mistakes, arising from an attempt to make a small compromise of a great question. He pointed out some of hlese mistakes, which had, he said, rendered the act hitherto a practical failure. 'The Government felt that they were bound to enforce the law ; but he should shrink from resorting to a court of law year after year for this purpose. It would be premature, he thougaht, at once to agree to abolish the tax. Parliament, in his opinion, was bound to see, first, how far the present law could be carried into operation. But he could state, on the part of the Government, that, having exhausted every legal means of obtaining the tax, and believing that, as a matter of public policy, there should be a settlement of this question, they would propose some measure that would do justice to all parties, and the difficulties in the way of a settlement would be obviated if all parties would lend their co-operation. Mr. Ny.rPiu opposed the bill. He denied that the law could not be enforced. This being a tax on property, and not on the person at all, it could be collected, he said, along with other taxes, and, if there was any grievance in the mode of collection, why, he asked, did not the Government come boldly forward with a remedy ? The act of 1854 provided an unobjectionable mode of collecting a legal charge to which property was liable. It was now proposed to cast this charge upon the revenue of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, which was made up by taxation of the clergy, and which was inadequate. Mr. FITZGERAID (who had just before taken his seat upon re-election) observed that he had- opposed the act of 1854, because he had thought it would not work. He bad not understood that blr. HosxAzr had declared the difficulties of recovering this tax to be insuperable ; but there were, he said, difficulties, and great difficulties, in the way, some of the corporations having no corporate property against which a Crown debt could be recovered. The law, however, should be enforced if it was possible to enforce it. 31r. WNrVsrrnm accused Mr. HEoFzx&w of inoonnistency in maintaining and promising to enforce an act which he represented as full of mistakes and all wrong, and as providing a remedy that was impracticable. He (Mlr. WHrrEeLDn was not conviuved that where a statute imposed a duty upon a towncouncil there was no legal mode of enforcing it. 3Ir. MAGVnR1 contended that the tax was virtually a tax tipon the person, since it was not levied upon a house not inhabited; and that it was paid, not by the landlord, but by the occupier. Mr. Serjeant O'BRim; insisted that the tax was upon the person in respect to property, and that, upon the same principle which justified the Governnient in 1854 in dealing with this tax at all, they were at liberty further to deal with it. Lord J. Russ= observed that there were only two possible courses with reference to this tax; the first, to exhanst the means of the law to enforce it, and, if the machinery was defective, to bring in some amending measure; the second course was the plan of Mr. FAGAN, to consider the tax not worth the contention, and that sufficient means might be found to supply a substitute in the revenues of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners. Re was ready to adopt either course; but that proposed by Mr. HoissrA was, in his opinion, the very worst course. He should vote, he said, against the bill; but he hoped the Government of Ireland would take one of the two courses he had mentioned, and either enforce the law or put an end to the tax altogether. Mr. HoRssrx explained, and, after a reply by Mr. FAGAN, the House divided, when the amendment was carried by 201 to 121; so the bill is lost. The Reformatory and Industrial Schools Bill was read a second time. The Exchequer-biUs BiU was read a third time and passed. Some returns were ordered, and the House adjourned at a quarter to 6 o'clock.
The present Parliament was undoubtedly returned with the majority pledged, after the most approved electioneering fashion, against the maintenance of Maynooth, and the opinion of the present Parliament is as unquestionably favourable to the support of the place which its majority are pledged to destroy. Hence it happens that there is always a curious contrast between the votes and feelings of hon. members, and that a careful study of the division-list is by no means creditable to the sincerity and conscientiousness of many of those it contains and more of those it omits. Could the Maynooth question be submitted to secret voting, the majority would, we doubt not, be laxger on the side of toleration than it now is on that of abolition. We believe that there are very few points upon which the feeling of the House is reaUy more unanimous, and hence this annual exhibition of zeal which is not zealous, and intolerance which, though exceedingly mean and selfish, is anything and everything rather than intolerant. The whole affair is a sham for the benefit of the constituencies,-a piece played off for the amusement of those honest enthusiasts who reaUy believe that the time is coming when Roman Catholicism, reduced to the meagre diet they would allow her, will die of inianition. Their clever representatives know a great deal better. They know that the bill which Air. SPoo.-mr obtained leave last night to bring in will not be passed into a law, will never emerge from the House of Commons, -will not probably attain the dignity of a second reading. Did they believe so, they would not have been among its supporters; and the best defence of their votes is that they were thrown away in supporting a measure which everybody knows could not be, and was not intended to be, carried. Part of the blame must undoubtedly rest with constituencies which are foolish enough to extort from their members pledges inconsistent with their political relations and sentiments, and part must in fairness be awarded to those members of Parliament who can condescend to buy a seat by such iuworthy compliances to popular prejudice. WVe are anxious, however, on this occasion to make a remark, not on the conduct of those who voted against their better conviction in deference to electioneering pledges, but rather of those who absented themselves fiom the division with the deliberate purpose of factiously embarrassing the Government on a subject on which it is entitled to the support of all good and honest men, and also of obtaining an unfair advantage by a discreditable dissimulation of their real sentiments. There is a portion of the Roman Catholic community which, for reasons best known to itself, has evinced an inclination at recent Irish elections to desert the cause of Lord PA31ERsTo-sN, adopting instead that of Lord DERB1. The three last borough elections have gone in this direction, and the Tories imiaghie that they see a chance of gaining, through the suiicidal folly of Young Ireland, a victory which they little deserve. *What advantage any members of- the Roman Catholic religion can see in the predominance of a party which numbers among its members all the Orangemen wlho yet remain extant it is very difficult to imagine; but the fact, though strange, is unquestionable, and we are not so much concerned at this moment with its causes as with the effect which it has had on the conduct and counsels of the Conservative leaders. We presume we shall not be far wrong in attributing to Mr. DisER.trT, Sir JoN- PAKIUNGTON, and Mr. AWALrOLE a prominent place at the head of the Opposition, and a strong desire to fill office in the coming miUennium of Tory ascendancy. The party which these gentlemen profess to lead throws its almost undivided weight into the scale against Maynooth, and does by speech and vote everything in its power to deprive the Roman Catholics of the smaUl instalment of the justice to which they are entitled. That party strenuously and only too successfully resisted Catholic emancipation, and protracted the miseries of Ireland for half a century beyond the period at which they ought to have ceased. They niow consistently oppose the niggardly support which we dole out to the Roman Catholic clergy, but their names will not be found in the divisionlist. Why do not the leaders of the Tory party vote with their followers on this subject, or, if they do not agree with the general views of their party, why do they not signify their disagreement by voting like the rest of their associates? The reason is, unfortunately, but too obvious. The convictions of these gentlemen are undoubtedly on the side of repression and deprivation; but their interests-the interests of the future elections in Ireland-force them to consider that if they commit themselves to the cause of Maynooth they will offend their present party, and if they vote against it they will give mortal offence to their intended coadjutors. Animatecl, therefore, by these magnanimous sentiments, Mr. DisRAELT, Sir JoneN PAxL-NGTo, and Mr. WALPOLF have made up their minds to abstain from voting altogether, and thus, at any rate, to take care that their opponents at the future Irish elections may not have the power of quoting their names to the constituencies as among those who voted against the education of their priesthood at the expense of the State. No one can say that with such a party, so willing to be deceived, such a deceit may not be successful, and that we may not be destined to see a very considerable number of Roman Catholics voting for men who had neitber the honesty to oppose nor the manliness to support them. We have done our duty in pointing out this transparent artifice. We believe that, if armed with place and power, a Tory Ministry must so far follow the convictions of their constituents as to vote for the suppression of Maynooth; but we heartily deprecate, and we should have hoped the leaders of the Tory party would deprecate also, the renewal under such auspices of those fatal divisions which have superadded theological bitterness to political hatred. We would also entreat those constituenciea who have,' by their importunities or their menaces, driven their members on to the vote which has reopened this question, to remember before it is too late how vast is the difference between the Ireland of the present and the Ireland of the last decade-how easy it has been for us to plunge her into misery and confusion, how difficult by our utmost efforts and sacrifices to appease the evils we have Wrought, and accelerate the union into cne nation of two discordant and opposite races. We ask no concession of high principle, nothing tlhat, rightly considered, ought to give a moment's pause or anxiety, but only that we shall not leave utterly destitute of education a priesthood whom we have already deprived of the legitimate means of its support, and we trust that all Englishmen may yet awake to the absolute necessity of conciliating by every lawful and reasonable means the regard and affection of a grateful and sensitive people, who require nothing but the removal of invidious distinctions in order to make them the truest, the most devoted, and the heartiest servants over which the gentle rule of the British CROWN and British Parliament extends.
|Mr. SpooN-ER is a rare -example of the vicissithides of Fortune and how nmuch slhe can change in the course of one evening. In the middle of his speech he paused for. an instant to take a survey and estimate the impression which his argruments had produced. He looked before him and he looked behind him, but neither before him nor behind him did he encounter encouragement or consolation. Before him was an empty Treasury Bench,-empty with the exception of one occupant, and he was not taking advantage of his privilege as a hearer. It is observed occasionaUy at sermons that so long as the preacher's voice lasts the languid portion of the audience sleeps; Iut that when, for any reason, either to clear his throat or to rest it, or for the sake of solemnity and to produce an effect, the preacher pauses, the sleepers awake, and a general revival takes place. The cessation of the voice is a change after the continuance of it, and silence is more effective and startling than sound. But not even could the pau,e of M,r. SpoolxEi disturb the deep repose of the CIHANCE=OR of the ExCHEQUER, who continued an unconscious object of the attention of the whole House, directed in sportive retaliation upon him by the speaker. MIr. SPOONER, moreover, looked behind him, and " could " not help thinking that he did not receive that " support to wvhich he was entitled from the party "w ith which he usually acted." So dreary was the state of affairs early in the evening; but in an hour or two all was changed, and brilliant success, in the shape of an actual, real, and livingr majority, cronned the lion. gentleman. We only hope that he can bear both extremes with equal magnanimity, and that, as adversity at 7 o'clock did not prostrate hamn, so prosperity at 10 Fwill not spoil him; for the, hope which Lord PAxRaSTow expressed when Mr. HUrTCHNS moved that the CHAIRIWAN report progress, that "that would be " the only progress made in the matter," will probably be realized, in spite of the grave rebukeadministered by Mr. J. M'GREGOR on the noble Lord's want of solemnity. Mr. SPooN-ER represents a class of minds which will not see a mixed state of things either on their own side or on the opposite one. Everything goes one way in the world as they view it, whether it is their own wvorld or their neighbour's and rival's. The British State supports a Protestant establishment; therefore the British State is a Protestant State, and a Protestant State ought not to give any suppor't to a Romanist institution. But the British State is not an exclusively Protestant one; it is partly Protestant, partly Romanist. All Christian sects and denominations elect and compose that House of Commons whliclh nominates the English Government. Then the English Governmient is the representative of all sects and denominations. It is not an exclusively Protestant Government. It is quite true the proportion of the Protestant to the Romanist element may be so great as to justify the maintenance of a Protestant establishment; but the Romanist element stiU relmains, and cannot be ignored. Mr. SPoo-NE and his friends argue logically from the act of the State in maintaining a Protestant Church that it is an exclusively Protestant State but we are not to argue upon State acts of this sort as a mathematician or naturalist would argue from the premises before him. The act of maintainiihg a Protestant establishment reflects and represents, in a perfectly justifiable and defensible way, the great fact that the large majority of this country-and a majority which has the superiority of talent, wealth, and education on its side, as well as that of ntumbers-is Protestant. But the British State still remains a mixed State, just as the governing body or the constituelicy of Great Britain is a mixed body; and a mixed and balanced State legitimately and naturally maintains a niixed and balanced policy and performs opposite and conflicting acts, so far as it is an inconsistent act to give support to Protestantism and to give support to Romanism too. The State is not a unitynot a person; it is the reflection of a state cf things. What is the state of tlings in this country which it reflects ? A mixed one. Then, we must expect a mixtiure in the acts of the State. Whether or not in an individual such a mixture shows i7woasistenoy, in the State it simply shows the fact of differenmee-that the constituency of the coumtry is not of one religion, but of two. But MIr. SrooxEmi would, after Romanists have been admitted into the constituency and the .House of Commons, wish us to maintain an exclusiveness which wve did not maintain before either of those events, for Mr. RoEniucK properly called attention to the fact " that the Maynooth grant "was first propounded by a Protestant assembly in "Ireland, Mr. Pirr afterwards adopting that "grant, which had been previously made by a "Protestant assembly, in the election of which "not a single Catholic had a voice." Again, as Air. SrooxmR and his friends wil not recognize mixed states of things on their ovwn side, so they will not on their rivals' either. Mr. SPoo.NEn calls attention triumphantly to the textbooks of Roman Catholic clerical institutions; that these books still maintain the supremacy of the PorE directly in spiritual things and indirectly in temporal; and he argues thence that the Roman Catholics in this country do not fairly acknowledge Hmi MA TSr as their Queen, but divide their allegiance between her and the PoPE. It may be very true that Roman Catholic textbooks say these things. These things were once said; and, having been once said, they can never, according to the theory of infallibility, be recanted or withdrawn. The text-books, then, I used at s'eminaries contain the whole fbrmal theory cf. -Romanism as it was propounded by BELTIAnw,SmE or AQUInAs. But what is the actual Istate of things among the Roman Catholics of this country in this respect? Does this part of our population refuse to pay their taxes or to submit generally to the law of the land? No; the Irish are certainly not iltogether as peaceable and well-behaved subjects as the English, but they still regard themselves as subjects of the Quyx.E and amenable to law. They serve in our armies and in our fleets. Then, what obliquity it is to argue from a documentary to an actual division of Roman ICatholic allegiance,-from the disaffection of tektI books to thfe dieffwtion of men ! But in tlio wanmth of his logical connexion Mr. SPoo2-EB imagines rebelion already begun. Yes; there is a scheme on foot to bring in the representatives of the House of STruxT, and Cardinal WISErAN is at the head of it. "Cardinal Wiseman had lately published two numbers of an old work, in which the title of the descendants of the ETouse of Hanover to the throne was disputed, and in which i the existence of heirs of James was asserted, and that such an opinion was inculcated among some portions of the Roman Catholic community was confirmed by other publications. The Houtse -aight rest assured that there was at th jpreent mnoment anL earnest intention on the part oftheRoman Catholics to claim the riqht of succssion of a Roman Catholic King, and.for which, they meant to snal;e a struggle; and that they would never cease in their exertions untiL they had placed themselves in aU respects on a level vith the Protestant Church establishment. This design was at work, and the Government and Parliament were lending themselves, unconsciously perhaps, to the carrying out of this object." We leave Mr. SPooinE to appreciate the romance of Cardinal WIsmtxN's character; for ourselves, we are much mistaken if his Eminence is so far gone in Jacoblte chivalry and enthusiasm. *But, with all this antagonism to faynooth, will Mr. SPooeNER, after all, say that his own party, when in office, will abolish Mlaynooth ? He knows he cannot say this. Mr. NTEwDECATE could not, and did not, answer :Nr. DEASY's home thrust-" Maynooth might be " a convenient hustings cry and a good Opposition " cry, but they would find, if they came to sit "upon that bench, that it would be inpossible to "construct a Cabinet which would endure six months, if it adopted the principle of the "hon. member." Mr. nWDEGATE may hide his inability to answer this challenge under the vague generality, which nobody -will dispute, that a Ministry " under the influence of the " Court and See of Rome would not be the re" presentatives of the English people." But he knows as well as we do that he does not answer M1r. DEASY'S challenge, and cannot; and if these gentlemen cannot persuade their own party to put down Maynooth how can they expect to persuade their opponents? And if they cannot persuade either their foes or their friends,-their own party or the opposite,--why, in the name of common sense, will they repeat this annual scene ?
In military; as in most other affairs, responsibility knows but small rest. Nec mora, nec reqz&ies. The instant one phase of difficulty is passed another takes its place. What is immediately before us is the re-embarcation of four armies, wvith all their material, or, at least, such as honour or economy requires us to bring away. Other questions, however, supervene of greater importance. What are we to do with our army ? Where is it to be stationed? And what benefit, if any, is it to have of our recent experience? Is it to be kept up on the same scale as before, without any other material change, remaining a British army of the old sort, only half as much again of it? Or is the quality as well as the quantity to be improved? These questions may or may not occur to those who are wv.aiting to hear the particulars of the treaty, or counting the cost of the war and estimating its effect on the money-market, or who confine their attention to the promised rejoicings and fireworks. But they are very serious -questions, and aU the use of the military inquiry at Chelsea is its bearing upon their solution. As to the first of themthat is, the immediate destination of our forces re-embarked from the Crimea,-we believe we may state with certainty that General Eyms's Division of ten thousand men is to go direct from Balaklava to Canada. Such a measure will, no doubt, be variously interpreted. We are not in the secret, and can only discuss it as any Canadian or American politician might do. It will, of course, be set down by some people at once as a threat, or at least a measure of precaution; indeed, we do not see how, just now, it can escape the latter character, as the Canadians themselves show no signs of disaffection, and in the present temper of the British people on colonial affairs it is doubtful whether we should take the trouble to coerce them if they did. If it be, then, a measure of precaution, the citizens of the United States, as they have just voted a milion of money for -war steamers, vill not be surprised at our sending ten thousand men to the support of our loyal fellow-subjects. Caniada was stripped of all the disposable forces for the service of this war, and, as our republican neighbours have taken the opportunity of making a disturbance, it is a matter of course that, as sooIn as our forces are released, a portion of them should return to the colony. For our part, we much prefer this solution to another which may suggest itself-viz., that we are to make a rule of maintaining a large force in Canada. The colonists don't want it themselves. Indeed, they asked permission to raise a regiment for the war in the Crimea, and thought themselves not very respectfully used when the offer was declined. We trust, indeed, that we are giving uip the absurdity of an immense and costly army, in the most Lnavailable and umimproveable form, spread in sma1l detachments over half a hundred colonies. But, passing from the political considerations involved in the reinforcement of Canada, there remains the larger question, how are we to apply to our army the lessons of recent experience ? Many people, of that sort that prophecy ill, and are too often right, will tell us that nothing will be done, and that everything will go on as it did before. It may be so, but we are still sanguine enough to hope for better things. As the army is to siffer no very considerable reduction for the present, and will be kept at a respectable strength till the cold fit comes over the British people, something must be done at once to justify an immense and costly armiament. We have now an army, and it would be a thousand pities not to take the opportunity for those improvements -which it has been continually objected the scale of the army did not admit of. For the present, at least, we shall have two large bodies of men in camps of exercise, as they may be called, at Aldershott and the Curragh. In them the soldier of the Line ought to be taught every art that experience has shown to be useful in warthat is, as far as time, opportunity, and the capacity of the soldier will allowv. A camp ought to be a great military school. Every soldier, indeed, may not be able to learn everything, for there must stiUl be subdivision of labour in an army, as in a town or a village. But each regiment ought to be independent of labourers, tradesmen, and artisans. It ought to comprehend in its ranks as many navvies, carpenters, masons, blacksmiths, tailors, shoemalkers, saddlers, butchers, cooks, and bakers as possible. For tlhis purpose, it ought, even in the neighbourhood of towins, to provide for itself as much as can be done, even when nothing is gained but practice. It is always to be expected that war will be in an enemy's country, and provision must be made for that contingency. But in an enemy's country an army must always expect to find itself surrounded by deserts and ruins, and driven to provide for all its own wants as well as it can. In this emergency there is sure to be such a demand for labourers and handicraftsmen for the depots and other general purposes of the army, that each regiment will be ill off if it has not some to spare. Of course the soldiers, who are always needy, wil be only too glad to-work if they are paid for extra work, It will be worth whlle to pay them Laud- somely, for a skilled soldier is evidentlyworth two of the unsidlled men -who rotted like sheep in the Crimea, with scarcely an idea of helping themselves. We repeat, that if we are to maintain a large army, it will be necessary to do something for the money it will cost. The Britiah public will have to be convinced that if it pays7 annually five or ten millions more than it has' hitherto done for the national defences, those defences are much more efficient than they have been. Among other things, every camp ought to, have a proper proportion of cavalry, artilery, and engineers; and no pains or cost should ba spared to bring the cannon, the mortar, and, the rifle up to the latest improvement, and give the men a close familiarity with their weapons. Among other proposals for the reform of the army, it is said that a mixed commission of officers and civilians will soon be appointed to inquire into the system of purchase. The names mentioned-the Duke of SomEsr, MIr. EiCE, Mr. SIDN;Y yHERERT, Lord STANLEY, Sir DE L&c- EvA.-s, Sir H. Bymx3NTcx, Colonel WETHRnALL, and an engineer officer-are certainly -entitled to respect. They are said to have a leaning in favour of purchase, as the onlymeans of checking the influence of rank ana power, and giving the middle classes a chance in the army. Without purchase, it is argued, the aristocracy 'will monopolize the service, with now and then a promotion from the ranks; but as a set-off against purchase, and to qualify the influence of money, there is a great wish to carry the test of exanmination as far as possible. How far this can be done, and how high in the scale of promotion, we do not hear guessed, but the argument of setting it against purchase, if consistently carried out, must go very high. Hard work, however, is as good a test as examination, and as efficient a counterpoise to the influence of wealth.. Keep soldiers always at work and make the camp a perpetual rehearsal of the campaign, and we shall hear less of idle young men entering the army merely for the name, the society, the unif6rm, and the trifling occupation. The class of donothings, know-nothings, and good-for-nothings would soon be driven away if they were compelled to go through a few years' camp service almost as hard as the Crimea, except for the privations. If this is done at once, and if the British people become satisfied that the army is an efficient institution and what it professes to be, they will be quite ready to keep the army at its present standard but they certainly will not like to pay twice as much as before for an army simply twice as large, and just as likely, after all its costly training, to fall into the wretched state of helplessness daily described at Chelsea when ordered upon active service.
ILATEST INTELLIGENCE. TEE EAST. (BY SUBMARINE AKD BRIrISH TELEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Marseilles correspondent:- - "K MARSETI7LES, WEDNESDIAY, "The Indus has arrived -with advices from Constantinople of the 7th and from the Crimea of the oth inst. "Despatches leave at 8 p.m. " The steamer Hammonia has left for Constantinople with wheat for the French army."
COURT CIRCULAR. After the levee, on Ttlesday, the Queen took a drive in an open carriage-and-four, accompanied by the Princes3 Royal and the Princess Alice. The Prince Consort rodce on horseback. The Equerries in Waiting attended Her Majestyandhis RoyalHighness on horseback. Intheevening the Queen and Prince Albert honoured the Opera with theirpresence. In attendance were the Countess of Desart, the Hon. Eleanor Stanley, the Hon. Lacy Kerr, Lord de Tabley, Lord Alfred Paget, and Colonel F. H. Seymour. The Princess Royal and the Princess Alice visited Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. The Princesses Helena and Louisa, -with Prince Arthur, visited the Zoological-gardens in the Regent's Park yesterday. The Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred honoured the Messrs. Day's lithographic establishment, in Gate-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, -with a visit on Tuesday. Their Royal Highnesses rode out on horseback yesterday morning. The Queen and the Prince Consort went yesterday afternoon to inspect the invalids in the military hospitals at Chathani. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness, accompanied by the Princess Royal, left Buckinghamn Palace at 10 uinutes past 2 o'clock, attended by the Countess of Desart, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Lord Alfred Paget. and Colonel F. HL Seymour, for the Bricl-aayers' Arms-stationi and travelled by a special train on the South-Eastern rail. way to Strood, whence the Royal party proceeded in the Queen's carriage to Chatham. Her Mdajesty and hislRoyal Highness returnedtoBuckingham Palace at 20 minutes past 6 o'clock. The Queen had a dinner party in the evening. The conpany included her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, her l oyal HEighness the Princes-s Royal, the Maquis and Marchioness of Bireadalbane, Lady Fanny Howard, Baroness de Speth, the ECarl of Dalkeith, the Earl of Sandwich, the Earl and Countess Delav;arr, Viscount .and Viscountess Enfield, and Rear-Admiral MeynelL Field-Marshal Viscount Hardinge, Conamanding-in-Chief, was in attendance in the Presence-chamber, at Her Majesty's levee, held on Tuesday last. Captain James Le Quesne, of the Eoval Jersev Horse Artillery, was presented to Her Majesty at the levee, on Tuesday, by the Earl of Limerick. Ber Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attended by L ady Fanny Howvard, Baroness de SEeth, and Sir George Couper, honoured the Haynmarl;et T eatrowith her presence on Tuesday evening. HEcr R>oyal Highness went to Frogmore yesterday, attended by Lady Fanny Howard and Sir t;eorge Couper, and returned to her residence, Clarencehouse, St. James's, in the afternoon. A deputation fromthe Epidemiological Society, consisting of the Earl of Shaftesbury, Lord Stanley, Dr. Sibson, Dr. Sieveking, the Rev. Dr. Stebbing, the Rev. T. Clarke, the Rev. R. Holt, Dr. Nichol, r. Aldrick, ?Mr. H. Tudor Davies, Mr. Jamnes Turle, r. Piercy, Mr. G. H. Warren, Mr. Meyrick, M1r. Squire, and Mrr. J. H. Tucker, had an iuterview on Tuesday vwith the Right Hon. E. P. Bouverie, at the office of the l'oor Law Board, respecting a scheme for qualifying female innmates of workhouses to actas nurses during the prevalence of epidemic or other diseases. Despatches were sent yesterday from the Colonial-office to the Governors of the WestIndia Islands. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterday at the Council-chamber to hear the conclusion of the appeal, " The East India Company v. the Hon. Mrs. Dyce Sombre."
Hler Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert leave Buck-ugham Palace to-morrow, to visit the camp at Aldershott There is to be a grand review of the whole of the troops encamped there, and a strong force of the Royal Artillery is ordered to assist at the military spectacle. The Queen and Prince vill remain during to-morrow niight at Aldershott, andreturntoBuckinghamn Palace on Saturday afternoon. H3is Royal }3ighness the Duke of Cambridge, Ftield-Marshal Viscount Hardinge, Lord Panmure, and albrilliant staff of military offlcers will be present on the occasion. A numher of the P.oyal do3nestics have gone to Aldershott to make the necessary prenarations for Her Mlajesty's reception. Thn Nxw .U.ACKNEY CARRIAGE P1orRmorts SCIMIE.-last evening the general meeting of the London hackney carriage proprietors, adjourned from TFriday evening last, was held at the Coach and Horses, hiarsham-street, Westminster, for the purpose of considering the expediency of starting their cabs as one-horse metropolitan stage carriages, as a means of supplying the increased accommodation in transit which the requirements of the public demand. The meeting vas well attended by proprietors, and Mr. Prior occupied the chair. Mr. Beadle moved the following resolution:-"That, in tho opinion of this meeting, it is deemed desirable the metropolitan hackney carriage proprietors should comemence operations forthwith in starting their cabs as ono-horse stage carriage6. as agreed upon unanimously by the proprietors amsembled on the 11th inst., being induced to recommend such course in consequence of the success which has attended the workings of the commuittee of proprietors then appointed, aud urges upon the proprietors the necessity of u gsin every exer-tion to cary out the proposed scheme." M1r. Emmett seconded the motion, and, 2n doing so, observed thattheo cabtradewas very bad, and this scheme -would at the least give 5 per cent. for their monoey, -which was more than the proprietory got out oEf the trade. The motion was carried unanimaously. It was also agreed that the association proposed to be formed should be callad the "London OmnibusAssociatjion," and tha the committee be requested to meet as earl as possible toimake a report and frame a set of rules otrbu goRverument of the `ssoCiation,
THE BRITISH ARMIY. ({OM OUR SPECIAL COKRESPOIM4UNT.) FOURTHI DIVISION, MARCH 31. The recent debates on the system of purchase in our army have been very much canvassed in camp since the reports reached us, and it must be adimitted that the advocates of the system are more irusnerous than its opponents, whatever may be the relative merits of their arguments. Of course the CCmmisiion is looked upon as a device to shelve the question for some time to come. The friends of the sy3tem seem to take it for granted that the .rgtunents used against it must emanate from men of democratical and unconstitutional tendencies, und from enemies to the army and to the aristocracy, and Captain Figgs or Colonel Cottontvist are aS fierce in their denunciations of Lord Goderich, Sir De Lacy Evans, and even Lord Palmerston, because he made some theoretical admiisions against the system, as Lord Plantagenet or the Earl of SaxoGrammaticus. They protest loudly that tho object of these innovators is to drive " gentlemen" out of the army; while their opponents declare that the effect of the system is to keep "gentlernen,"-those fiery cadets of old families who in other times were the true soldiers of fortune, the descendants of the gentry cavaliers,-oift of the army. If the ex-Sergeant Jones now holding a commission in one of our corps or regiments is noisy in his cups and over-elated wvith his good fortune, his peccadilloes are the subject of rejoicings, and are regarded as sufficiently conclusive evidence that we cannot open our commissions to the rank and file; and if he is brought to a court-martial and reprimanded or cashiered, the demonstration of the assertion is complete. It must be admitted that the training of our barrack-rooms is not favourable to the acquirement of decent manners and gentlemanlike demeanour, and that until we elevate the profession ofarm3 in England, and remove the popularly impressed stigma from the rank of a private soldier, we cannot expect to induce the needy members of the more respectable classes in society to enter as volunteers; and the high rate of rewvards for skil in all mechanical and industrial arts will ever offer an obstacle to the effbrts of the recruiiting sergeant to enlist a better sort of recruits so long as the present scale of pay and ration stoppages is maintained. The advocates for the abolition -of purchase are impressed by the force of such objections as are presented by the general constitution of otur army; but, after all, what the coumtry keeps up its army for is, not to consult the wishes or the tastes of any class whatever, however iunerous, powerfuil, and wealthy, but to fight its battles and to maintain its liberties and its glory against all comers. Pompey's dandies were, no doubt, greatly displeased at being slashed in the face by C.esar's rough legionaries, and thouglht them very low fellows, nor had Rupert's cavaliers any great opinion of the good breeding or politesse of Old Nol's Ironsides; but the camp has never been regarded as any special school for demeanour or the inculcation of etiquette, however favourable it may be to the development of some of the nobler qualities of humanity ; and if we really can procure brave, intelligent, zealous, and deserving officers, though they may have a smack of the barrack-room about them we miust submit to the inconvenience. It must be recollected that our boasted mess system utterly breaks down in active campaigning, and that the -officers live separately or in very smal groups in the field, so that it is only in times of peoce that those wvhom Providence fin.;it melior-e lito will be obliged -to come in contact with the commissioned grossier, wvho will, after all, always be in a very small mainority. It is forgotten by the friends of the system of rank for money that there has as yet been no officer from the ranks whose conduct before the enemy has been the subject of iunfavourable notice, and that not one of them has been obliged to leave the service for refusal to perform his duty in the trenches; nor has it always been officers from the ranks who have been subjected to courts-martial, by the sentences of which they were -forced from the army. In fact, many of those wvho take this side of the question are arguing, not for the aistocracy, but for the aurocracy; they are sacrificing to Plutus when they think they are worshipping 3ars, and they confound the hvo quesitions,-in themselves entirely distiniet, but so mingled in camp dialogue as to be inseparable,of the purchase system with that of promotion from the ranks. There are such difficulties in the way of an abolition of the former system that its most intrepid advocate may -ell pause before he smddedly demolishes it, and the devotion, the courage, and the endurance of the British oflicer of the army, and, above all, the respect and obedience of the men for him, are very lVeighty considerations in the way of the theoretical reformer. But, if it has its advantages, the system hasalso its great, its crying evils, of which every mouth is full, and wvhich are met :alone bythe remark that there are evils in every system. Look at the case of the late LieutenantColonel Cuddy, of the 55th After the battle of Inkermann he, as senior Captain, took the command of his regiment, when his senior officers were either killed or wounded. Throughout the whole of that terrible winter he served in the trencles, kept his handfiul of men together, and in .-I respects proved himself as careful as he was brave, and as prudent as he was zealous. Although lieutenant-colonel in the army, he was only capta in in his regiment, and after having gone through the winter of 1854 and the sprlig of 1855, with all their harclships and conflicts, when the regimental majority -was for purchase, owiing to the retirement of the gallant Major Coats (vhom I saw so badly hit at the Alma that I scarce thought he could recover), Colonel Cuddy had the mortification of seeing Captain Cure, who was seven years his junior in the list of captains, and wvho had served at home with the depot during the beginning of the campaign, pass over his head by purchase and take the conumand of the regiment out of his hands. And can the country now heal the wounid in that proud spirit? No; poor Cuddy fell at the Redan, and his cares and sorrows are over for ever. Cases somewhat aimilar are not wanting in other regiments. 31ight or Wrong, had this war gone on the purchase system 'was doomed. It is believed out here that the Horse Guards cannot now get candidates to pay up their money for corneteies in cavalry regiments, and the fancy prices of commissions have gone down greatly. Is it true that the cornetcies are not filed -up in some cavalry regiments, inasmuch as the Horse Guards have exceeded their number of grae tuitous commissions, and will give no more without mxoney, and that no money is forthcoming? Bearing somewhat on this question is the fact that the general orders of the camp are crowded with notices that Captain So and So, having done the duty of field officer, that Lieutenant Such a One, having ateld as captain, and that Sergeant-Major Nobody, having acted as Quartermaster of his regiment from such a date, shall draw pay and allowances accordingly. War pushes our system horribly out of 'shape, and gives its delicate frame such squeezes -and deranges it so terribly, that its dearest friends -will scarcely know it when we carry it home. In conclusion, let me add to these few remarks, -which only deserve attention as the echoes of -contending voices around me, that some oE the young and intelligent officers on the Staff -who have seen the working of the sytem ,do not hesitate to expresm a hearty wish for its abolition. To the French it is utterly incom- prehexible, and it is a fixed idea in the mind Qf Private Jean Frangois Maria that General Cod-' rington has paid enormous sums for the honour of commanding the army-otherwise he cannot understand it. General Della Marmora, who has had the satisfaction of seeing the splendid army he organized tested in the field, and coming out of the ordeal triumphantly, can only comprehend the system as the emanation of a national worship of gold; and it certainly must be a disagreeable reflection to its advocates that it sprang up in the most disgraceful period of our national history, when the King was a paid vassal of Frnce, and luxury and licentiousness had made our Court and aristocracy corrupt, venal, and un-English. Let us honour and reward this army for itstoils, its services, its victories, its sufferings; and let us the?& show our gratitude by liberating those grand legions from the degrading influences of the purse, and by permitting the commoner and the noble in their ranks to fight on equal terms for the land they love so well, and " to start fair" in the race of glory and honour. Individual heroism has been so often exhibited by officers and men that we do not signalize and reward it as our allies take every oppor tunity of doing; but I hope to be able to present yon with many authentic instances of it when the immediate pressure of affairs has been removed, and I will take the present opportunity of satisfying your able correspondent " Jacob Omnium" on a point respecting which he expressed a desire for information in one of his invaluable letters. I wish you could insert the story. It is some time since, with equal simplicity and feeling, he told you how, in the midst of a furious and deadly fire, hvo men of the 68th rushed into a rifle-pit which had been occupied by an officer and a party of tlle Rifles, most of whom were wounded by the enemy, and carried off the man who was most injured to the rear; but he was misinformed when he stated that one of these fine fellows was killed. The man is still alive; he was only knocked over by a shot, which hit him in the heels. The scene of the story so graphically told was between the second and third parallels of the Green-hill trenches, and the time was the 22d or 23d of November, 1854. The name of the man who was wounded is James Sims; he is now serving in the band of the gallant 68th. The name of his brave comrade is Samuel Burrows ; he was in the band of the same regiment at the time, but he is now doing duty in the rank and ifie. The Rifle officer sought to find the man to reward him with a couple of pounds, but what the true soldier looks for is honour, and not money ; and I am assured that Sims and Burrows would be prouder of a medal, or some such honorary mark of distinction, than of a full purse. Let me add this fact :-Sims was one of the men w ho aided in carrying off General Torrens from the field of Inkermann. The artillery were falling back for want of ammunition. A portion of the 68th, torn by a tremendous fire, to which they could not reply, were slowly and sternly retiring, and the Russians advanced on the litter-bearers wvith aloud yell. General Torrens ordered the men to leave him. They refused, and continued to carry him through the fire. He took down the name of Sinms, and promised to do something for him, but most likely the gallant General forgot it. The friends of the deceased officers whose bones lie in the Crimea have read the observations which were made by Lord Palmerston, in reply to Sir J. Fergusson, with the deepest interest, and it must be confessed that the treatment of the burialgrounds of the eneny by the Turks at Balaklava and Kertch might afford the allies some uneasiness lest, in their undiscriminating revenge, the Russians might destroy the few memorials that affection has been able to erect to friends and relatives departed in our scattered graveyards. Neither in our attack on the Cemetery nor in the French assault on and seizure of the Quarantine Church and Cemetery was any damage done to the tombs, except by the shot and shell of the Russians, and we have sought to preserve respect to the remains of their dead by every means in our power. On most of the tombstones on Cathcart's-hill and in the other divisional graveyards a few words in Russian and a cross have been engraved, to propitiate, as it were, the enemy, and to ask for their forbearance. The graves of some officers are still, I believe, unmarked, and as for the non-commissioned officers and the mere rank and file, their resting-places, spread all over the camp, are scarcely to be distinguished from the rows of mounds which show where dead horses and butchers' offal have been buried. Woulld it not be well to enclose all these detached burialgrounds with substantial walls, or even witlh timber fences, and then to raise in each a monumental column or tablet, with the names, as far as they can be ascertained, of those who rest inside, ere the army leaves the Crimea? Perhaps it wonld touch the soldier more deeply than gold, or pay itself, to see the coiuntry so thoughtful of his departed comrades. There are, of course, graves here and there, trenches hastily dug during an armistice, into which the fallen have been as hastily interred, which the tramp of war has beaten down so that they never will be recognized till some deep plougher turns up the bones to light in ages to come; but let us mark, as far as we know them, the resting-places of these British dead who lie so far from friends and home. Now that our army has breathing time the large divisional graveyards of the men have been enclosed by a shallow trench of a few inches in depth, and sometimes by a low wall of loose stones; but, if the Government obtains a guarantee or a promise from tne Russian Government that they will take means to prevent the Tartars or the peasantry destroying any enclosures on their return, it would be well to make the walls permanent, high, and strong, as I have suggested. Most of the plateau was, I believe, Crown property-at all events, it was incultivatedthere were only two or three farms on the whole of it, and the groumd around them will have been well enriched ere we leave it. The head-quarters was one of these farrms, and the plain in which the house stands reeks with animal matter, to which the French, from their adjacent hospital, have unfortunately been forced to make large additions very recently. A diary affords very little matter of interest now. Parades by day and the theatres at night form the business of our lives, with a horse-race now and then in prospeCu. SATuRDuAi,29rs.-The Light Division, the Guards Brigade, and one brigade Second Division were inspected to-day on the brow of the plateau, and presented a very fine and soldierly appearance. In the evening the theatre of the Brigade of Guards was crowded to the limits of enduranceoiiu old phrase of "from pit to gaUery" will not answer here-to witness the representation of a new (to the Crimea) farce and a portion of The a-itic, adapted to the capabilities of the company. The audience was, however, somewhat apathetic, and did not bestow on the actors the marks of approval which were frequently deserved, and to wlhch they have been hitherto accustomed. Here is the bill of the play:- THEATRE ROYAL, BRIGADE OF GUARDS. Lessee and Manager-H. P. Do Bathe, No. l, Thisbe-vias, Woronzow-road. This evening Her Majesty's servants will perform the farce of OUR CLERKS! Mr. Meacock . ... .. hr. Ponsonby. Mr. Richaxd Haard ... ... M I De Bathe. 3fr. Bulpit... . ScaZlett. Dir. Docket ... ... ... Mr. Rnssell. Edw rard Shazpus l MlCez lr. Gipps. John Puddieomb it Clerks. 3r. Stewart. Levi Abrahams ... ... ... M r. Anmytage. wouldicott ... ... ... ... Mr. Astley. Rmily Harden ... .... ... - ,.,Miss Sefton. M r. Chowser ... ... Mrs. Ferguson Pitfour. Mary Pinner y a Mrs. Malet. Jane Bulgin * urse ns Miss Seonour. lAfterwld ,.. ,, AT, ple eonpipe To conclude with a Crim-Tartaric adaptation of Sheridan's Comedy,THE CRITIC ; Or, a Tragedy Rehearsed. Puff ... . ... 3Ir. De Bathe. Sneer ... . r. Tottenham. Dangle ... ... ... Mr. Stephenson. (Characters in the Tragedy.) Earl of Leicester . . M .r. Gipps. Lord Burleih . .. Mr. Hepbu.rn Sir ChristopfierHatton .. Mr. Ponsonby. Sir Walter Raleigh ... Mr. Meyrick Governor of Tilbury Fort .3r. Higginson. Master of the Horse ... Mr. Hay. Beefeater . . .Mr. Stewart. Don Ferolo Wiskerandos Mr. Axmytage. Sentinels . .. ... ... M... 3sessrs. Buck and Hive. Tilburina . . M iss Sefton. Confidante . .M. hrs. Malet. First Niece . .M. iss Lanibton. Second Niece . .. ... ... i3Ess Knox. Scenery by Messrs. HIigginson and Connell, R.A. Doors open at half-past 7. .erfcrmance to commence at S. Vivant Regina et Princeps. The facilities which the gallant Brigade possesse5 in producing young ladies, handsome and graceful, if a little gigantesque in"stature,and hoarse invoice, are really wonderful. 3Miss Sefton, as Emily Earden, presented us with a fair bouncing wench, whose fine proportions justified the taste of TIVr. Hazard (Colonel de Bathe), and established his reputation for boldness and enterprise. Her dress, if not quite in the latest mode, argued considerable experience in the resources of millinery, and was probably derived from the newest fashions at Kamiesh. Mr. Ponsonby was intensely funny and stupid, and turned out his toes a mnerveille as Sir C. Hatton; and Dvlr. Armytage, who had previously excited our admiration by his extreme activity in a sailor's hornpipe, in which M.'r. Meyrick, however, more than divided the honours, was lively and noisy in Don Ferolo. The dresses were wonderfully good, and "TilburyFort" would have made Grieve and Telbin shake over their paint-pots. MONDAY MORNING, 7 A.ML The ground is covered with snow, the sky is obscured by a Black Sea fog, and all the struggling vegetation of the plateau and of the adjacentvalleys is exposed to a severe trial. The wind is from the north, but it is not very strong, and so the cold is not much felt, but the thermometer is down to 20 deg. This day last year was almost as gloomy, except that the thermometer was 12 or 13 degrees higher. Indeed, the cold this winter has on the average been considerably greater than it was last year, but now there is no trench worktoundergo, and the men are well fed and well clothed. Hlad the weather been as severe last winter and spring it is doubtful whether the siege works would have been advanced sufficiently to have enabled the allies to make their assaults on the 18th of June and September the Sth. The Russians say the heavy rains whlich fell in 1854 prevented their reinforcements coming up, or that they wouild have tried us again by a second Inkermann before the year closed. It is now 10 a.m. The snow is all gone from the plateau; the thermometer is at 330, and there is a strong northerly wind sweeping a cloud of steam-like fog over the camps. All around is bleak, raw, and black-so much for the clinate of the Crimea, which never ceases to astonish us by its fickleness and violence of transition. The men, however, are happy, comfortable, and i well fed, in excellent health, in fine spirits, fit for any work that could be cult out for them. They continue to prociure abundance of fuel from the ruined buildings of Sebastopol, and their hardest work is ball-practice, which is so general that occasionally the brisk fusillade from the ravines puts us in mind of old times. The malefactors or those in the hands of the ProvostSergeants are employed in making and repairing roads, in cleaning the camps, and in collecting the cannon-shot on the hillsides and in the ravines into heaps-a work for an army in itself. Of course the armistice continues, and until further orders," too. There is an end of fighting in the Crimea, and no chance of ever seeing the rear of those great mounds of earthen redoubts on the north side. The Tchernaya side has now lost its novelty, except for the sportsman, and the cold raw weather offers no inducement for a pilgrimage to Baidar or the Phoros Pass, where the outposts are said to be on most friendly terms. A Board is appointed to condemn unserviceable stores at Balaklava. WVhat a terrible phrase for Johii Bull's pocket is that " unserviceable stores !" Why, it might be made to include many of the Land Transport carts wlhich have just come out. I saw some yesterday, the axleboxes of which had split, the sides of which were gaping, and of which no man living could remove the tail-boards without the aid of a stone or a hammer. The Russian commissariat train equipage is very rude, and presents a striking contrast to the neatness of our vehicles; but whether the arabas and droskies of our friends be not more suited to the counhty than our own is another question. The French are preparing a great ball to-night at Kadikoi, in a huge booth hastily fitted up, and calculated to hold 2,000 people. It is open free to all English and Sardinian officers, but each French. man pays 5f. for admission. Some Russian officers have been invited by those who have made their acquaintance across the boundary stream, but it is uncertain whether they can come. WVhatever may be the cause of it there appears to be more sympathy or less repugnance between the Frenich and the Russianis than there is between us and our late enemy. It is rare to see an English or Sardinian officer engaged in conversation with a Russian across the Tchernaya in comparison with the frequency of such interviews on the part of the French. Were it not that the Sardinian officers speak French very well one would hiagine that the reason-allowing something, too, for our national reserve-was the proficiency in that language of many Russian officers, few of whom speak English. One officer, indeed, during the races, mounted on a wretched pony, informed us that he had " a Englosh hoarse as was fleet as winds for the course as would gain the reward," and others now and then say a few words of English; but for the most part the Russians speak French and German in preference to any other alien tongue. The exchanges of champagne bottles have ceased, and the barter across the stream is mostly confined to small brass crosses, which " the Muscovies" purchase for a few copecks from the Jew pedlars in their camp, and for as many sixpences or shillings. General Timofieff, or Tatchimoff, the Chef d'Etat-3ajor of the corps d'armee at Khitor Mackenzie, has given verv strict orders against any transgression of the boundary from his side. TUESDAPY. The mail came in yesterday afternoon. It was due on last Thursday. The thermometer has risen to 42 deg., but snow falls at intervals, and the sky is covered with leaden coloured clouds flying along on the wings of the northerly wind, which is pretty strong and has been very constant to us. The sanitary condition of army men continues excellent, but we have reason to believe that our allies are not quite so healthy, and that our ex-enemies are suffering very severely indeed from typhoid fevers, and the effects of low living and bad food. Their sentinels look as dirty as usual. Our chaplains, as may have been seen from the orders for some time past, are in a transition state, and many are assuming neow duties, or are going home. Of the large staff of chaplains attached to the French army in the Crimea not more thanthree or four are now left-the remainder have died at their posts either in camp or in Pera, or have gone away invalided. Seven or eight aumoniers are in the military hospital dangerously ill, and four died in one woek while serving with the army. The Abbd Overt died lately at EKamiesch, M. Rupert died at Eupatoria, and M. Hur6 is buried at Constantinople. The IjerAvh sigters of Obarity h0we also suffered severely, and I have been told that about 20 of them have fallen victims to typhus and similar diseases since the mission arrived at Pera. Scurvy and dysentery and fever have severely scourged the army of our allios, and even their sailors, while these diseases are almost unknown to us, and the only maladies which affect our men are bronchitis and some trifling cases of low fever. The MIagellan and Vauban steamers have had 120 cases of illness on board each at a time. M. Baudens is visiting all our hospitals at BalaIdava and in camp, and is studying our medical arrangements in the field. He is warm in his praises of the completeness and perfection of these arrangements, but he is understood to entertain the opinion that they indicate trop de luxe, that they are too expensive, and that they are not suited to war which, gild and paint it as we may, must always be attended with a frightful amount of human misery. All our preparations betoken a confidence in the establishment of peace. The raili of the Grand Balaklava and Sebastopol Junction are to be taken up-the sleepers will be used as fuel. As to the huts-I fear that is a puzzler-what are we to do with them? Fuel is becoming scarce. The French authorities have procured returns from the camps and from Kamniesch of the means of transport at the disposal of the officers, sutlers, and others, such as wheeled vehicles, horses, and mules. Requisitions have been made by the heads of our departments for returns of the amount of stores and materie for which tonnage would be required in case of a move from the Crimea. The French commissaries have left Ugna, but the English Commissariat establishments are still flourishing in every town by the seaboard of the Euxine where there is beef and mutton to be procured or a sack of corn to be purchased.
TURKEY. (FBOM OUR OWN CORREPOqDXNT.) ;UUNSTANTINOPLE, AitL 3. The news of the conclusion of peace, although by no means unexpected, did not fail to make here the impression which news of such importance was naturally calculated to produce. While nothing positive had as yet arrived, all those who, from one or another reason, were anxious for the continuation of war, flattered themselves with the hope that some unforseen difficulties might arise which would lead to a breaking off of the conferences, and while this hope lasted only very few looked forward to and calculated upon the effects of peace, but now that the Golden Horn and the Bosphorus have re-echoed the sound of numberless guns, fired from Galata Serai, Topkhane, Scutari, the shipping, and divers other places, loud enough to convince the deaf, and that the illumninations of the Embassies, the Arsenal, and other public buildings along the water, however scanty, leave no doubt even among those who had been blind and incredulous hitherto, every one beginus to turn his attention to the consequences of the great news ; and the thought of these consequences has considerably modified the feelings with wlhich the news of peace was received by the different fractions of the motley population of Constantinople. The immediate consequences of it, namely, the cessation of bloodshed and carnage, have, I fear, moved nobody. WN7hether it be that the habit of w-itnessing for two years and more the miseries of war in its different shapes has blunted the acuteness of the feelings, or whether it be that war is, as philanthropists say, really calculated to develope the most savage selfishness, certain it is that every one has reflected only on his own interests in calculating the effects of the peace. You must, therefore, not expect a description of imnmoderate enthusiasm or of great public rejoicings. A faint cheer of the Turkish troops drawn up in the enclosure of Topkhane' on the occasion of the salute firing-which was, moreover, the ideaof their commanding officers-and the discharge iiow and then of a musket or fowling-piece by some particularly susceptible person were the only external signs of public enthusiasm. But if there seemed to be nnanimity in the absence of all- manifestations of public enthusiasm, a considerable difference ii the feelings excited by peace does not fail to make itself I visible in a more qiuiet way. The Turks took the news of peace very quietly. As for the British army, no doubt, the idea of home makes many a heart beat fast; but to say that peace is generally popular would be incorrect. Of course, I can only judge of the part which is here, and, moreover, a great part of this is composed of the Foreign Legion, the whole existence of which is put in question by the peace. lHavincr aone through the difflcult task of forming ou of the foreign elements at conmand a w ell-disciplined army, every one feels naturally disappointed at having thrown away so much labour in vain. Thus, most of the officers employed in the Turkish Contigent, as well as in the different Foreign Legions, have given up more or less advantageous positions, to which they can no more return should their respective corps be disbanded. They are, indeed, as yet uncertain about their fate, but at the same time very anxious about it, and several of them, even before the positive information about peace arrived, addressed inquiries on the subject to the Embassy. It would be desirable that this uncertainty should be soon removed. If the disbanding of these different contingents be decided upon, there will be some difficulty with one of them, the Bashi Bazouks. To let 3,000 or 4,000 irregulars loose on the countryat once would scarcely be advisable; they would form into a number of bands, infesting their respective provinces and endangering the safety of the inhabitants. It would be, perhaps, worth considering whether they could not serve as the beginning for the establishment of a better sort of irregular cavalry in Turkey. If the foreign legions and contingents have thus their existence involved in the question of peace, and can, therefore, not view it with great satisfaction, the British soldiers and officers share the same feelings from other causes. They feel that mismanagement prevented them from having fair play in the war; and, without any fault of theirs, they have not come out of this campaign as they had a right to expect. Now there is more than a good chance for them-they are inthe highest state of efficiency, which in the nextcampaignwould have insured for them a proper place, and the opportunitythus offered to keep up their old reputation is gone. Stronger, perhaps, than in the army the feeling of disappointment exists in the navy, which has had all the hardships and niiseries of a blockading squadron to endure without having had any opportunity for either laurels or prize money. In Scutari everything goes on as' usual. The prospects of peace have not interrupted the improvements which were thought necessarv to make the place as healthy and as convenient for a dep6t as possible. Under the pressure of circumstances it was impossible to proceedwith-all improvements systematically, and many things had to be left in the state in which they were found. Chief among these was the proper drainage of the place and the sewers. The Sanitary Commission has now taken up this matter, and the works are going on rapidly under the direction of Mr. Unsworth, civil engineer, and the change already effected is remarkable. The palace of Haidar Pasha lies in a basini; the recipient of all the watercoiirses from the neighbouring heights, which after rain converted the whole space between it and the sea into an irrigated meadow, so that at first, when the cavalry took possession of the building, the men had the greatest difficulty to walk from one part to 'another. In vain was a continual supply of metal laid on the roads of communication; even the main road leading up to the stables seemed in a hopeless state. Now, in spite of the late heavy rains the place is dry enough to allow the picketing out of some sick horses on the grassplot in front of the building. The change is the consequence of one single drain, with 15-inch pipes, leading from the main road down to the sea, and connected with smaller pipes, intersecting the place on different points. These pipes serve for surface drainage as well as for sewerage, while both ends are obtained by not cementing the joints, and thus allowing the surface water to percolate. Besides these advantages, the system of drains,;ge adopted helps to pruify the little streamn which erun3 down through the basin, and which before vwa polluted with all kinds of abominations. As tI4e mass of water at the present season is too great, lonly a part of it is employed to cleanse the pipes aud the rest flows in its natural purity towards the sea. The greatest difficulty was to get a sufficient fall, and this has been very satisfactorily accomplished in the proportion of 1-83. Besides at Haidar-Pasha the works have likewise beenbegunattheBarrackllospitaL The Turks cannot be reproached with having neglected the drainagec of the place; on the contrary, it may be said that they have done too much, but on a bad principle. They have made aRl the drains so large that a rapid river would be required to carry off their contents, and as no water is directed through them they soon get choked up. By substituting 9-inch pipes for the large drains and by providing all the closets with a water jet this inconvenience is effectually removed. The great difficulty in the matter was to get the water up to the higher floor, as the water level of the reservoir which supplies the building is not high enough for it. The Turks, usually, in all their waterworks, start from the nistaken idea that the more frequently they raise the water toits original level the more they increase its power. Thus you will see all along the line of the waterpipes columns erected where the water goes up on one side and empties itself in a small basin on the top, and flows down again on the other, forgetting altogether that they lose thus the pressure of the whole volume of water from behind. Now, the columns near the Barrack Hospital, having been erected before the buildinct are lower than the building, and thus drive thc water only up to the first floor. To supply this deficiency a pump will be established in the roof to bring the water up, but this is only temporary, and later it is intended to bring down a pipe direct from a higher reservoir, which would supply the building as high as it is required. Thus when the Turks get aggain possession of the building they will find it considerably improved. Last week 500 recruits for the Turkish Contingent were embarked for Kertch. They form part of the 2,500 men which, according to the standing anrangements, have to be supplied vearly to make up for casualties. It is but fair to state that the Turkish Government behaved very well in this respect. Not only did the men come forth at the appointed time, but they were all provided with new clothes and were picked men. The men themselves seemed in excellent spirits in general; the Contingent, which was in -the beginning viewed only with horror, is now rather popular. The letters sent by the officers and men of the Turkish Contingent have given such a satisfactory account of their state that the Turlish soldiers begin to perceive that they can only gain by the change.
DEATH Or EARL COwPER.-We regret to announce the sudden death of Earl Cowper, eldest son of Viscountess Palmerston, which took place under very painful circumstances on Tuesday night at Maidstone. The noble Earl left town that morning for Maidstone, to attend the quarter sessions, and just before the conclusion of business was taken seriously ilL His Lordship was removed to a room contiguous to the court, and medical aid sent for, which was promptly in attendance. At the request of the professional gentlemen his Lordship was removed to the residence of the Governor of the Gaol, where his Lordship expired at a few minutes after 9 o'clock, having died from spasms of the heart. The Countess and his two eldest sons left town by the first train after receiving by telegraph the news of the Earls serious illness. The deceased, George Augustus Frederick, Earl Cowper, Viscount Fordwich, county of Kent, Baron Cowper, of Wingifeld, counlty of Kient, in the peerage of Great Britain, a Baronet, and a Count of the Holy Rtoman Empire, was eldest son of Peter Leopold, 6th Earl Cowper, and the Hon. Emily Mary, eldest daughter of Peniston, 1st Viscount MIelbourne (now Viscountess Palmerston). He wras born June 26, 1806, and married October 7, 1833, Lady Ane Florence De Grey, eldest daughter of Earl De Grey by whom the noble Earl leaves issue Viscount Fordwich (now Earl Cowper and a youthful family. The late Earl was formerly in tLe Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, and for several sessions up to his succeeding to the title on the death of his father in June, 1837, represented the citv of Canterbury in the House of Commons. He was for a few weeks in 1834 Under Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, but on succeeding to the earldom he relinquished al active sha-e in politics, although he uniformly gave his support in the House of Lords to the Whig party. In December, 1S46, he -was appointed Lord-Lieutenant of the county of Kent, on the resignation of the late Earl of Thanet. The late peer is succeeded in the family honours and extensive patrimonial estates in the counties of Kent and Hertford by his eldest son, Francis, Viscount Fordwich, who attained his majority in June last. DEATH OF THE RiGoIT RoN. GEoRGE iGoNtL DAvsoN DAiIER, C.B.-We regret to have to record the death of the Right Hon. George Lionel Dawson Dainer, C.B., who expired on Monday evening, after a short illness The gallant deceased was third son of John, first Earl of i Portarlngton, and Lady Caroline Stuart, daughter of John, third Earl of Bate. IEe was born on the 28th of October, 1788, and married, on the 20th of Augulst, 1825, Mary Georgiana Emma, second daughter of the late Lord Hugh Seymour, by whom he had a numerous family. The gallant officer was at the battle of Waterloo, being at the time a major inthe 89th Foot, of which regiment he became in December the same year Lieutenant-Colonel He was in the House of Commons during several Parliaments, being returnedfor Portarlington in 1836. and subsequently for Dorchester, for which borough he was the unsuccessful candidate at the last general election. The gallant gentleman was made a Privy Councillor by Sir Robert Peel in September, .1841, when he was appointed to an office in the Queen's household. He supported to the last the political measares of the late Sir Robert Peel, and for so doing he lost the support of a large portion of the Conservative party in the borough of Dorchester. STRIUC BY A WAvPxsPou'T.-The following interesting narrative is contained in a letter from Mr. Heaton, an officer of Her Majesty's ship Electra, son of the Hon. Mrs. Heaton, of Plas Hfeaton, Denbighshire, aud nephew of Lord Henniker, and dated "At Sea, Nov. 22, 1855:"-" We left Melbourne on the 12th of last month, and, with our usual fortune, encountered very heavy weather during the whole of our passage to New Zealand, the sea running very high, and washing over us continually. One day an enormous sea broke over us, and the first thing it carried away was the second gig, completely cramplng her up and smashingher all to bits. It then stove in the gunroom and cautan's skylights, and washed everything off the tables in both places, includin a bookshelf and a sw inging lamp. They wgere aa breakfast in the gunroom at the time, and in a moment officers, teacups, lumps of butter, servants, and red herrings were all floundering together on the deck in three feet of water, and at was some minutes before the ship recovered herself from the shock. Eating our meals was a violent gymnastic exercise; and, as to writing, it was out of the question. Ten days of this work brought up the north point of New Zealand, and it took three more to beat downi the east coast to Auckland, wlhere we arrived on the 25th ult., after the longest sea voyage we have made since our first arrival from England. We remained at Auckland for 19 days. We sailed from Auckland on the 12th of the present month, and have been fighting with headwinds ever simce, vith the exception of two days, when the wind favoured us for a few hours, and, therefore, though we are nine days out, we have only advanced 400 miles, and are still 700 from Sydney. The day before yesterday we encountered a most cxtraordinary danger-one that few ships have ever witnessed ; that is, ,e were caught in a waterspout. The day had been v ery squally, and we had been compelled to take in sail several times, and therefore we who were below were not surprised to find the ship heel gradually over; but when she went further, and the deck became almostp erpendicular, we could see that somethinm had happened beyond the common order of squalls, and f felt a sort of faint, sick feeling of anticipation and vague dread thatalmost stifledthe prayer that rose to my lips. The suspense was horrid, and the dread of being strangled below by the rush of water gave me strength, aTdI climbed over the others and managedtoreach the deck. There everything was in confusion, andno one was giving any intelligible orders, and the ship was lying over on her broadside, with all of one side buried in the water, ropes and sails flapping about, and men standing aghast, with despair in their faces. I noticed one man in particular, who was sitting on the deck, seeminmly in a state of utter idiotcy, wvith his hands clinched and Tis face livid, deaf to all that was passing around him. The sight of so much anarchy restored my self-possession, and I bnto drive the men to the ropes to haul down the after =- , and after a couple of minutes' work the ship slowly righted. The captain's gig was stove in by the water, and the davits (strong curved pillars of iron, as thick as my leg) had 'bee bent double by the pressure. It seems that a whirling mass of water bad been suddenly seen near the ship, and before anything could be done it was upon her, bearng her down and whisking her round and under water, while the whirlwind by which it was, of course, accompanied and caused, pressed her over by the sails and increased the danger. It was indeed a fearful minute; and nothing but G srhand could have saved us, for man was utterly powerless against the tremendous manifestation of our Creator's might. As soon as I could get by myself I returned HlIn thanks for mercifully sparingmyself andmyshir.mates,andsavingus in our hour of extreme peril. This was really a veryuncommon adventure, for though ships frequently see waterspouts, it does not happen once mn 50 times that it strikes a vessel." -Bury Post. Gxnr-EBrnLLEO VAs3.-Mfessrs. Jennens and Bettridge, papier-mach6 manufacturers, of Birmingham, have just completed a verybeautiful vase for Prince Albert, at their London establishment, HaLkin-street, Belgravesquare. This vase is the first specimen of a new and extremely tasteful branch of art, It is chiefly composed of glass, but the base ana mountings are of electrogilt wor-, by Xessrs. Elkington and- Co. The design of the vase is by Mr. Lewis Grauer, and it- has beex. executed witf great sldll and taste by thb manrfacturers. The vase, if not of Etruscau or classic form, hs a very elegan' appearance; indeed, until closely inspe4d. the decomicn looks lik} enamelled work ornamentea t-ith real dia.wda, emeralds, and rabies. The ornamenIppor. tiont of the vase comprise the rose, thistle. a o :amroew, and the letters '- V. A." are beautifullv decorated bv this new process of gem-enamelling. twIp centre bf the ase is the crown of England, iuply,rted by 1 dol lisi. Tho Welsh emblem, "Treu uad. fes isboauti. wfulfy sorked to represent brilLiants and r=sWie6, and there are other ornaments forming a Roman laomel wreath and festoons of diamonds. The iaterior of 'lae Ase is electro. gilt, and,asa the base is of metalwork,> b one woula imagine that such a beautiful specimen of. enamel work had beex wroughtchieflyuponglass. The vasealtoetier affords agood msttiwloE decor9ye E4u md MruMei= gelliV
HER MA.fESTYi THEATRE. Although the prospectus of the forthcoming season is neo yet completed, arrangements have been entered into since' the engagement of Mademoiselle Marietta% Piccolomini of sfficient interest to be made public. Two more primc donne, we have reason to believe, are arcured-vir., Madame Albertini and Madamo Alboni. Of thef last mentioned lady it is only necessary to remind our musical readers that she has not been beard in Londoin rsince 1a1-the year of the Great Exhibition in Hydei ,Park 3Madame Albertini, an Englishwoman, has obtained a distinguished position as prinma donna amolaft at some of the chief Italian theatres Her line is inthe higher opcra scria, but the more elegant and classical opera &zuffa equally belongs to her repertoire. To then may beaddedMademoiselleFinoli, ayoung singer less known to fiame; and, as"altraprirna" (in plainerlanguage, cormpri- rmaria), Mademoiselle GindittaBizna, of whom we are able - to state nothing. Among the tenors already engaged maybe named, Signor Salviani, chiefly know by his performance of Jean of Leyden at the Pergola (Florence), where Meyerbeer's Prophuie was first produced in Italy; Signor Bau carde (husband of Madame Albertini), who was engaged at Her Majesty's Theatre in 1847; and Signor Calzolari, too excellent a singer of the Rossinean school to be forgotten-though he, also, has been five years absent. As first barytone, we understand, Signor Bene. ventano is engaged. It is anticipated that the theatre will open with Mzadam Alboni on or about the 6th of May; that M1ademoiselle Piccolomini will appear shortly afterwards as the heroine in Verdi's Traviata; and that Madame Albertini-will subsequently make her d6bLit, as Leonora, in the TrovatCre, with Alboni as Azncena; so that at the two houses we are likely to have enough of Signor Verdi's music, and to spare. All this promises well, and if carried out to the letter will help to constitute a very attractive progrnamme. Meanwhile nothing positive is mnown about the balle;f from which Mr. Lumley's supporters naturally expect great things; nor about the chef d'orchestre, a matter of no little importance in an operatic establishment, -where so much depends upon the orchestra and chomns. Of these things, however, we shall doubtless very soon hear satisfac. tory accounts.
MUSICAL UNION. The great point of interest in the last concert was the second appearance in England of Madame Clara (Wieck) Schumann, who performed one of Beethoven's finest solo sonatas for the pianoforte, and some smaller pieces of Schu mann and Mendelssohn. The sonata in D minor (Op. 29) is3 caiare to the niultitude, and can only be understood by an artist of the highest musical and poetical intelligence. A vast quantity of "crstcicaV' rubbish has been talked and written about this magnificent composition; but -we believe that Beethoven himself would have been unable to comprehend a twentieth part of what some of his transcendental commentators and verbose paneogyrists have attributed to him. The simple truth is, that he felt inspired -when he put pen to paper, and so gave birth to one of his many masterpieces, without the talent or the wish, to analyze the means by which it had been produced-happy enough in finding players sufficiently gifted to interpret his thoughts to the world. Madame Clara Schumann is one of them; and they are rare enough in these days of fanttasia, pot pourri, and Thodomontade, We shall not attempt to criticize her performance of the sonata, since, however it may have differed from what has been heard at the hands of other pianists, it bore the stamp of genius from first to last, and must have gratified the most exacting partisan of Beethoven just as it delighted the enthusiastic amateur qudanc mvie. As much may be said of her execution of tvwo of Mendelssohn's lieder ohne stone-the "Spring Song" in A and the presto in C-while it was quite as original as it was charming. The composition of Herr Schumann-a short jantasia, entitled "3iEvening," we do not presume to appreciate, since it belongs to a school that runs counter to our ideas of musical propriety. Nevertheless, it was given so exquisitely that we could not but secretly congratu. late its composer on the possession of one so nearlyinterested in the propagation of his fame. If anything could make Schumann's music popular it would be the playing of Clara Wleck.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It is stated in the papers that a grand exhibition of fireworks is to take place in Hyde Park to celebrate the signing of the treaty of peace. One of my customers, the Rlon. Mr. N oodle, vas speaking of it to-day, and saying vwhat a beautiful view he shouid have from his windows. It will no doubt be a beautiful sight, and the occasion of it ought to gladden every heart that has sympatthied with t,he sufferings of our poer fellowss abroad, and palpiitated at the call of the collector at home. I was telling Mr.Brow~n (that is my wife) to day that we ought to ;luminate that night, but her answ er was "Konsense t" (What a regular woman's argumentthat is !) "Ishould be afraid toleave the lights, the children, and our small prooerty, to go to such a distance and perhaps have my pockiets picked as well. We have the Loendon Fields near us. Why cannot they give us a treat at this end of the tovwn. after all that wve have been obliged to pay and suffer on account of the wvar ?" Mrs. Brown is a most unreasonable -woman, but, as I do not wish to play MIr. Caudle for a week after, perhaps you wiU be kind enough to flatter her with a notice of her curious MPlon nn(l t.hnr-qrratlvnbifee - - A HACKNEY TRAESMAN.
TiHB BiTsHIL luSEtm.-The annual returns rclative to the British Museum have been printed by order of Parliament. The expenditure of the Mluseum during the year ended the 31st of March last amounted to 62,0041., leaving a balance to be carried over to the new account of 15.1761.; 26,05S/. was appropriated to the salaries of officers and servants; 2,48 1. to house expenses; 14,6971. to purchases and acquisitions; 12,0251. to booibinding, c.abinets, &c.; 1,7801. to the printing of catalogues; 8S21. for excavations, &c., in Assyria and the t'ansport of marbles; and 3.9311. for the purchase of the Bernal collection. The sum of G0.0001. is required forthe service of the ensuing year, 185-57. The number of visitors to the general collections of the Museum iniS55 amounted to 334,089, which is a great falling off, seeing that in 1854, 459,262 visitors attended; in 1853, 661,113; in 1852, 507,973; in 1851 (the Exhibition year), 2,527,216; and in lS50, 1,098,863. This decrease in the numiber of visitors, as compared -with the year 1SM4, is noticeable in every month except three-viz., Mav, August, and October; the asinirnum number was 11,182 (in February, 1855), and the 2naxi2num number 54,161 (in Anril). In every other department of the Museum a simil r falling-off is apparent. For instance, the number of visits to the reading-rooms for study or research was only 53,567 last year against 56,132 in 154; the number of visits by artists and students to the galleries of sculpture, 3,594, against 3,652 in 1854, and the number of visits made to the print-room, 2,868, against 3,401 in 1854. The coia and medal room is the single exception, the number of visits having been 1,446 last year, against 1,310 in 1854. Some reasons, perhaps, might be assigned for this growing indifference on the part of the public, including the defective ventilation of the rooms and the difficulty of obtaining books in the library without a great preliminary sacrifice of time. The Crystal Palace, too, may operate as a strong counter-attraction. The number of readers last year amounted to 53,567-on the average, 184 per dies; and, as the rooms -were open on 290 days, every reader is supposed to have consulted on the average nearly seven volumes per d i The total number of books consulted was 347,63, or 1,198 pea- dican. The number of volumes added to the library (including 160 received under the International Copyright Act) was 10,404, including music, maps, and newspapers. Of these, 836 were p resented, 3,936 bought, and 5,3 acquired by copyright. 2,617 pieces of music (ecah forming a6 coniplete work-) were acquired last year. Inathe ISS. department we find that523 new ISS., 2,460 original charters and rolls, and S seam have been added tothe general collection. These acquistiong include the diplomatic correspondence and papers of Sebas. tiao Joze Carvallo e 3ello (afterwards Xparqu of Pomhal) from 1738 to 1747, with 120 volumes relating to the history of Portuguese India and Brazil, and the history and trade of Portu,,al, Dmland, France, and Spain; a fine, copy of the Shah Jeha - Name, containing the history of part ofthe reig,n of the Mogul Emperor Shah Jehan, com- ed by Adul Hamid 1ahori ; an early copy of the Shah V..(. of Firaansi; a poem witten by the ing of Oade (in Hindustani), called -A Tale of Love; a fine copy of the .itero of AlphonsotheWise of Spain (1256-5); a Spish version of Aristotle's Ethics, made by Don Carlos of Viana (in 1457); the "Hours of the Virgin," Lc. with mi.niatures by Gitilio- Clonie; a vTaluble nistory of the lives of Dagobert, Charlemagne, and Louis the Pious, with the annals of Egiuhara; a colection of French ma a; a series of letters of State signed by Louis X and L,ouis XV.J several autographs, including sonic poems of Burns aMl the hologrph manuscript of KenilseoVJa by Sir Walter Scott, withS two letters of the amne writer. The antiquities (far too numerous to specify) inuclde an.inscribed Asyrian cvlinder and a coHlection of Assyrian. objects e=wrated-at Ninarod mad KoEnjek, and in soutkern Babvlonia, by Messrs. Rssamr, Loftus, and Tayler, under the direction of Sir IL C. Rawlinson, K.C.BZ, consisting of an obelisk, a statue, 34 bas't reliefs, and otesRL objeets. Several celts. swords, au:i brooees hav& been added to the British collstic4s. NumiMabic enthusiasts wi be pleased to hear tiat 2,019 cOin& and meddals were acquired last yean, of which 233 awt gold, 814 silver, and 972 copper, includhtg a very early aidirachm of Corinth, a coin of Gortyna of Arcadia (a town Of which no coins were previously taj ,t); a copper tcin of ieveh a very rre coin oE Teaessu. several fine Roman medallions, 535 Italian coins of great value, and two coins of Offa, King of 1Urc6ia IDL the department of natural history 24,378 pecimena have been added to the zoological -brandh. - In the geological and mineralogical branch th% well-know Paheontological collection of the l&archiorts of ala Las been acquireda, with several mew and weo I species of minerals. In the botanical Iwich tbh keepor I has added to the herbarium a coatimiation of Mr. Thwaites collection of Ceylon plants and Wr. gpco'u collecion from ortshBrazil; be Ias also been occu ed in selecting a set of specimens fromHos5feldS Java.serbrium and ini Ixaunin extesive collecoions from North Amnerica, New Holi ' Net Zeal%nd, and tle Pacific Iislands. The eport.o ihthe above ia Art abtrt t iassignea byirw i the :Ool
lOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. (raO3 ouit OW.T COpyYaPONDENT.) tApottionof the following appeared inour 3econd e4E1t1or T vesterdr :-I 1'ARIs, TUESDAY, .ARIL 15, 6 r.Ai. The Congress met yesterday, and vill sit again l-morrow, it is said, for the last time. If I am to bielieve the reports that fly about, the sitting of to-morrow will be less for business than for complimnents and leave-taking, the last important sederuind ilaving been held yesterday. Yet it may turn out that this last sitting will be like the postscript to a letter, which is popularly supposed to contain the real thought of the writer. Everything that has transpired during the present week goes to corroborate, substantiaUy, if not literally, the information I have already given of the acts of the Congress relative to the affairs of Italy. It is rather amusing, by the vay, to see the papers, foreign and domestic, ontradict each other in wvhat they say of the proteedings of the Congress; and while each is declaring the impossibility of knowing anything of w<hat passes, it gives its owvn account, which it pronounces as exclusivelyto be relied on. A writer in the Constifutiotael, dating his communications from Vienna, has more than once -aftirned that the question of Italy has never been mooted at all; he denies that any proposition has been submitted on it; and he will, in all possibility, once more declare that the wsord "Italy" has not even been pronounced before the Congress. In contradiction to what he has already stated he may, however, admit the existence of a Sardinian memorandu1. He may even go further, and say that a memorandum may have privately-that is, extra-officially-been communicated to certain of the plenipotentiaries, but that the said memorandum has not formed the subject of deliberation; and he will employ many plausible arguments to show that, on the principle of nonintervenition, France and England could not entertain the question. This is nothing but quibbling. The word " Italy" may or may not have been pronounced, but it is certain that the words " Roman States" and " Naples" have been more than once heard diuing the recent sittings, and were not only pronounced, but very warmnly discussed. I have already mnentioned that much of the cliscussion which did not turn on the propositions of peace, as between Russia and the allies, may not be comprised in the protocols. I am not aware of the resolution that will be adopted at the 12st moment by the Congress, but it is certain that the intended meeting on Saturday last was put off in consequence of the difficulty of drawing up the protocols so as to suit the views of some of the plenipotentiares. Not only was the condiLion of the Italian States mooted in the Congress, but the Sardinian Plenipotentiary declared his intention of protesting against the continuance Qf the Austrian occupation of the Rorman States. The vord "protest" will very probably not appear in the protocols, but it was nevertheless used; and the plenipotentiary of another Government not only supported the views put forth by the representative of Sardinia, but censured in as strong a manner as was consistent with the gravity of such an assembly the policy of the King of Naples. To those who maintain that it formed no part of the functions of the Congress to treat the Italian question it may be sufficient to refer to the fifth of the proposi,tions accepted by Russia, which authorized the plenipotentiaries to treat of other matters interestng to Europe at larg,e. It is equally certain that cussia showed an. inclination to favour the views of Sardinia in so far as they related to Austrian occupation, but Count Orloff stopped short when the name of the king of Naples was mentioned. That amiable monarch has proved too faithful a friend to the Czar to be left unsupported on this occasion. The Russian Plenipotentiary is said to ihave declared that on this delicate subject he had no instructions-consequently he could give no opinion. On the question of the legations, as of Naples, Conmt Buol also stated that 71e had no instructions, and not only that he had no instructions, but that he should not ask for any. 'What decision has been come to on so m- teresting a question I know not. Indeed, it is doubted whether any serious decision will be come to at all, notwithstanding the importance attached to it by England, France, and Sardinia; but if it is hoped that a mere passing allusion in the porotocols will be sufficient to continue public effervescence, or to remove the just discontent of the Italian people, that hope will be disappointed. If the Congress separate without a strong and formal recommendation to the Italian Governments to remedv the evils of which the people complain, I fear they will soon have cause to repent it. It is certain that great hopes were entertained of something being done duringthemeeting of the Congcress; thepeopleof Italy had their eyes fixed on Paris. The Congress wvas the Iast hopo of those w;ho groan under a stupid se'?ne, which is not rescuedA from contempt by independence, nor from detestation by a single virtue of bold-faced despotism; and if, while we provide for the well-being of Turks and Moldo-'Wallachians, we abandon the fairest portion of Europe to its present degradation, it is not difficultto predict the consequences. Discontent may be kept dovn for a while, but it will eventually show itself in an unmistakable form. The Italian people are cherishing their wrath, but only to keep it warm; and if al satisfaction be denied them, the wild justice of revenge will not have to be waited for long. Austria may hope to interfere in the event of disturbances occuTing in Naples, but it remains to be seen whether England and France wll stand quietly by and see the whole Peninsular overrun by her troops. The Duke de Broglie -was, as is customary when a new Academician has been named, presented yesterday to the Ermperor by M. Nisard, and, I believe, by 31. Barante. The audience lasted but a short time, but the Duke de Broglie was received with the courtesy to wvhich so eminent a person is entitled. " M. le Due," said the Emperor, addressing him after the first compliments were over, "I have read with much interest and pleasure your address to the Academy on yoiur reception. Permit ime to thankl you for the very flattering manner in which you have alluded to the Emperor Napoleon I., my uncle. A1lowi me also to express the hope that your grandson will find reason to speak as favourablv of the 2d of December as you, MNl. Ie Due, have spoken of the 18th BrLumaire." The Duke and his friends bowed, and soon after took their leave. The Parisian trade has already begun to feel the beneficial effect of the reduction of the rate of discount by the Bank of France. The increase of 37,000,000f. in the current accounts of that establishment, for Paris alone, since the adoption of the measure, is a certain symptom of the proximate revival of commercial and industrial activity, which is still arrested by the high price of raw materials. There are at present in Paris a great number of provincial and foreign commission agents, who have hitherto been extremely reserved in their purchases, and require from manufacturers concessions which the latter cannot grant. Transactions witlh Russia are more easy, and Parisian manufacturers have of late received important orders from that country. The transatlantic packet question seems to be drawing to a conclusion. The committee appointed to examine it has terminated its labours, and g,ave in its report to the inister of Finance on Saturday Four of the seven companies bidding for the concession have been excluded by the comniittee as incompetent, and the three companies regarded as serious are the Compagnie des Messageries, the Fmanco-American Company, and the RothschildCompany. Thefirst demands a sub)vention of 16i,000,000f., the second 11,500,COOf., and the third 10,000,000f. The fall in the price of cereals was again checked in the beginning of the w eek, and flour advanced if. and lf. 50c. compared with the rates at the end of the preceding week. But bakers anticipating lovwer prices at no distant period only bought as their necessities req ured. The best sorts, wvhich had been forced up to 85f. 50c. and 86f. per sack of 159 kilorgrammes, consequently receded, and were subsequently offered at 83i. and 82f., with buyels at 82f. amd even Slf. The stock remaining at the lBalle on Saturday was 30,353 metrical quintals. Wheat was somewhat firmer; it, however, experiensed a fall of about If. per hectolitre and a-half. All the country markets continue to come lower. The stock- generally is abundant, and an advance of rates is considered impossible since the opening. of the Danube and thE p.orts of Southern Russia, where it is well kno%ij tiat the greater part of the grain available k has been bought up for France. Oxen maintair their high price in the markets from which Parri draws its supplies, bullt beyond that ranige cattlE rates are decllining The wine-market ntBceroy shows5 droopingatendency. Thevinepresentstheflnes, appear. ance ; hitherto sp)ared by frosts it exhibits nowYherE any sign of disease. A fall in rates being considered inevitable, there is an absolute stagnation of business at Bordeaux, throughout the south, in the east, and in Burgumdy. Thesamemay be said of brandies, although the price of spirits, extracted from beet, has risen from 97f. to 102f. per hectolitre in Paris. A very splendid fete was given last night at the Hotel de Ville, in honour of the plenipotentiaries. One-third of the Galcer.e des Fetes wvas cut off and converted into a temporary theatre, in which the actors of the Opera Comnique performed a piece entitled the Concert t la (Cou,. . A dinner had preceded this entertainment, to which about 100 persons were invited, includingr the members of the Congress, the Ministers, and others of the principal functionaries of State. From 1,500 to 2,000 persons had been invited for the evening. The saloons were beautifully decorated and illuminated, and nothing could surpass the counp d'wil in the noble gallery where the whole company was assembled to view the performance. The fete lasted till near 2 o'clock. The Monitfen-publishes the returns of the indirect taxes and revenues, duiriig the first quarter of 1856. They amounted to 242,191,000f. The increase on the corresponding quarter of 1S55 was 31,085,000f., and on that of 1854, 46,026,000f. In tllat increase the new taxes, established by the laws of the 5th of May and the 14th of July, 1855, figure for a stun of 19,962,000f., so that the augmentation in the other items is 11,123,000f. Thle following are the different items forming the above amount;- RIegistry duties, mortgages, &c. .72,20,000 Stamp duties ... .. ... .. 14,663,000 Import duties on cereals . . .. 419,GO litto, onl merchandise ... ... ... ... 25,8S4,000 Ditto, on colonial sugar. ... 7,573,000 Ditto, on foreign sugar ... 5,090,000 Export duties :-- .. ... ... ... 3a2,000 N'avigation dues .. .. ... ... ... G27,000 Sundry Customs duties and receipts . ... 573,000 Salt tax ...7 ... .. . ... .... 7662,000 Duty on liquors ...I ... ... ... . 32,001,000 Duty on home-made sugar .. . .. 10,929,000 Sundry duties and receipts .. .. ... 10,783,000 Sale of tobacco ... ... .. . .. 38,499,000 Salo of gunpowder .. .. ... 2,17S,000 Postage of letters ... ... ... 12,252,000 Duty of 2 per cent. on money forwarded through the Post-office ....... . 434,000 Fares in mail coaches ... ... .. 43,000 Accidental receipts ... ... ... ... 24,000 Total ... ... .. .. ... 242,191,000 The items which exhibit an increase, as compared u ith 1855, are-Registry duties, mortgages, &c., 7,973,000f.; stamp duties, 876,000f.; import duty on cereals, 331,000O.; ditto, on merchandise, 2,313,000f.; export duties, 100,000f.; navioation dues, 142,000f.; sundry custom duties and receipts, 2,000f.; salt tax, 947,000f.; duty on liquors, 9,003,000f.; duty on home-made sugar, 4,171,000f.; sundry duties and receipts, 3,645,000f.; sale of tobacco, 2,8S0,OOOf.; sale of gunpowder, 383,000f.; postage of letters, 4555,0001. ; duty of 2 per cent. on money forwarded through the Post-office, 3,000f.; accidental receipts, 19,000f.-total increase, 33,243,000f. The items lvlhich exhibit a decrease are-Import duty on colonial sugar, 405,000f.; ditto, on foreign sugar, 1,719,000f. ; fares in mail coaches, 26,000f.; ditto, in mail packets, 8,000f.-tDtal decrease, 2,158,000f. The increase per month was-in January, 7,429,000f. ; in February, 14,506,000f.; in March, 9,150,000. The direct tax, collected deuing the first quarter of 1856, amounted to 92,608,000f., exceeding by 19,046,000f., the sum due on the 31st of March. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 90c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 6Oc.; and the New Loan at 74f. lOc. ; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,380f.; Great Northern, 1,045f.; Strasburg, 1,035f. ; New Shares, 880f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,430f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,700f.; Western of France, 895f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 775f.; Great Central of France, 680f.; Lyons and Geneva, 800f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,730f.; Austrian Railways, 920f. Cours Authentique.-PARS, April 15. -Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-}Ialf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93£. 93f. 25c.; ditto, first Loan of 1855 (S0 per cen., paid), 93f. 20c.* Four per Cents., S6£; Three per Cents., 73£. 20c. 30c. 10c. 30c., ditto, first Loan of 1855 (80 per cent. paid),73. 25.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. d), 73f.60c.; dittoCertificates(50 percent. paid), 73f.60c.; Bank of France, 3,725f.: Cr6dit Foncier, Obligations of 600f., Four per Cents., 435f.; ditto Threeper Cents., 39f. - Crsdit Mobilier, 1,720f. 1,72of. 1,730f., Discount Bank, 6601. 665f.; Piedmnontese Fzive perr Cents., 93£. 92f. TSc.; ditto Three per Cents., G00. 50; Austrian Five per Cents., 90; Romans, 91; Spanish Interior Debt, 40. Eixchange on London, at sight, money, 25£ 3T1c.; three mxonths, money, 24£. 92jc. AUSTRIA. (EROM OUR oWN consro.-TDMcT.) The semi-official or-aans of the Austrian Government still affirm that Italian affairs have not been discussed by the Paris Conference, but it is evident that something has occurred in the French capital 'which has greatly alarmed this Government. Mlen in office, wvho formerly maintained that no foreign Power had a right to meddle in the internal affairs of the Italian States, now speak openly of the necessity for insisting on reforms being made in the Papal dominions and in the kingdom of Naples, and they even acknowledge that few countries in Europe are so badly governed as those which are under the rule of His Holiness the Pope and His M1ajesty RKing Ferdinand II. No mention whatever is here made of the Sardinian memorial, and, we should not have known that one had been presented by Count Cavour to the Conference, if the circumstance had not been mentioned in the first leader of T7he Times of the 8th inst. It is still the question in Paris of the convocation of a congress " for settling some matters of European importance," and the very idea of such a thing makes A ustrian statesmen nervous, as they are totally ignorant of the plans which England and France may have formed for the regeneration of Italy. It seems that the Ministerial writers for the home and foreign press have not yet received their cue, but in a few days wve may expect to read some very violent articles against Sardinia, anrd some very long ones containing a host of ingenious arguments in favour of a prolonged occupation of the Legations. The behaviour of Count Orloff while at Paris has given great offence in high Austrian circles, and it is indignantly asked how the representative of an absolute State like Russia can possibly be on good terms with the 'member of a " semi-revolutionary3 Government I like that of Sardinia? In the opinion of Austrian politicians, the last Russian manifesto is a tacit confession on the part of the Czar that he was obliged to make peace; and there can be no doubt that such -was really the case. The Kalisch correspondent of the Oesterrichische Zeitun1g,whowrites in a Russian sense, consoles himself with the reflection thlat the peace is not likiely to be of any great duration. Re also seems to speculate on an alliance between Russia and France. All the recruits last levied in the kingdom of Poland have been sent to their homes, but no reduletion will be made in the regular army until Ipeace has been proclaimed. The first troops to quit the Crimea wifl be the two Grenadier divisions, the ranks of which have been fearfully thinned by the typhus, or rather putrid fever. Poland wil soon be as crowded with troops as it was before the outbreak of the war, but the prices of all kinds of grain are falling, as it is known that the military magazines and the fortresses contain a vast quantity of corn which was to have been sent to the theatre of war. The fortification of Odessa has been discontinued, but there are at present no more than 70,000 persons in a city which had a popuilation of 140,000 before the outbreak of the war. It is here stated that Russia is about to conclude a concordat with the Papal See, and it is very possible that such is the case, as the diplomatic correspondence between St. Petersburg and Rome has been extremely active during the last six months. May it not be that the Court of Rome has secretly employed its ifluence at Viela and Paris in order to put an end to the war, and that the Emperor Alexander is about to reward the Pope for his bons offices by granting greater privileges to theRomanCatholic chiurch in Russia ? That the Autocrat will take the Austrian concordat. for a model is by no means 11k-ely. The Episcopal conferences continue, but the public will not know what business is transacted, as the members of the Synod have pledged themselves to secrecy. The Vienna Presse, which has acquired great influence over public opinion in all matters connected with finances, contains a most violent attack on the "grounders". of the Vienna Linz-Salzburg Railroad for demandr,ig 2 per cent. from the capital of 65,000,000fl. for their prelimi- nary expenses. The Presse avers that their outlay does not amount to 20,000fl., as the expense of surveying was borne by the State. During the Last 20 years the Danube has not been so lowv as it is at present. There is so little water in the river that the' larger vessels of the Steam I avigation Company cannot be used, and smnall boats can hardly manage to get across the canil which divides the suburb Leopoldstadt from the city. lHardly any rain has fallen for the last six weeks, and the consequence is that the city is enveloped in clouds of granite dust. Above 70,000 persons have already visited the Exhibition of Paintings in order to see Winterhalter's portraits of the Empress of the French. Dr. Tvlajoli, the directoi of the Milan Hospital, has died of the wounds which were inflicted on hbim by an uiknown individuaL ArPms 12. The evening iupressions of the Presse and Oesterr eichjsche Zedintug of yesterday were confiscated, because they contained the substance of the leader of n7le Times of the 8th oni the state of Italy. As the offending article had to be removed from their coltunns the papers in question did not appear until an unusually late hour. According to advices received here yesterday from Paris Count Buol expects to be in Vienna on Sunday, the 20th. A Vienna correspondent of the B3reslau (azefte, who is usually well informed on all matters connected with the Roman Catholic Church, writes that all the Austrian bishops, before they met in council, " were obliged to make a confession of faith in strict accordance with the canons of the Council of Tlrent, and to confirm the same by a soleman oath." Count Thun, the Minister for Ecclesiastical Affairs, has made to the Synod propositions on the following subjects:-1. Bfatrimonial lawvs. 2. The regulation of matters connected with schools and advowsons. 3. The administration of the religious and educational funds. 4. The means of indemnifying the bishoprics, convents, and rectories for the losses caused by the abolition of the droits de corvt¶e. 5. The jurisdiction over ecelesiastics. M11en who have been used to sit in the confessional must be as well able to keep a secret as lay diplomatists, and therefore nothing is likely to be known of what has been done in the Synod until its resolutions have been sanctioned by the Emperor and the Pope. The Ciirilta Cattoliew, a high church paper published at Rome, denounces a history of Brescia which is now being published in that city. After the first two volumes had appeared the author was obliged by the bishop to declare that nothing which he had written was "intentionally" hostile to the Roman Catholic Clhurch and its dogmas. In the fifth volume the gifted and learned writer attached the word " martyr" to the name of Arnold of Brescia, and the consequence is that the work is to be placed in the Roman lndex, or list of prohibited books. Arnold or I Arnoldo of Brescia was one of the most distin- I guished men of the 12th century. His great eloquence made him feared by the priesthood, whose vices he denounced with equal courage and perseverance. The end of the career of Arnold of Brescia, the first reformer, was, that he was burnt alive at Rome in 1155, and his ashes thrown into the Tiber. As the Austrians still assert that they are to remain in the Danubian Principalities until they, the Principalities, are reorganized, it may not be out of place to ask whether the state of MIoldavia | and Wallachia is such as to justify the maintenance ! of the state of siege. As soonas Baron Hess crossed the frontier into the Danubian provinces he introduced martial Law, and he had some excuse for doing so, as Moldavia and Wallachia teemed with Russian agents and Greek spies. It is probable that the Austrian Government would not object to the abolition of the state of siege, but it has little or i no power in such matters. Marshal Radetzlky did not obey the late Prince Schwvarzenberg, and it is doubtful whether Count Coronini would pay very great attention to the wishes of Count Buol. Count Colloredo arrived here yesterday morning from London. On the 30th of March the Governor of Odossa learned by telegraph that peace had been concluded. The Commander-in-Chief received the despatch in the theatre, and the news it contained was at once made public. The orchestra played the national anthem, and there was a general jubilation. On the 31st two English steamers, which were cruising off Odessa, hoisted a flag of truce and stood in towardsthe port. A Russian boat was sent off without delay, and returned with the message that, as peace was concluded, the British captains were willing to salutethe Russianflag. Genexal-Adjutant Suchozanett replied that he should be happy to return the compliment, and on the 22d the ceremony took place. The two steamers cast anchor at about 500 yards from the shore, and each fired 21 guns. The Russian batteries answered gun for gun. The ships hoisted the Russian as well as tile English flag, and the red flag of England floated over the strand batteries, near the wvhite one of Russia. At the request of the captains, their steamers were supplied with 200lb. of meat, 100 fowls, and 600 loaves of bread. The crews received permission to visit the city, but the qlaraiitine regulations were not to their taste. ITALY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) TURIN, APRIL 11. Vhatever objections Austria may have raised to the Italian question being discussed in the Paris Congress, her agents here seem determined that public attention shall be most effectually drawn to it, and if on the one hand they succeed in showing., to the world that the small Governments of Italy are incapable of managing their own affairs, they -will as certainly, on the other, convince all unprejudliced persons that those Governments could not possibly find a more unsafe trustee than Austria herself. At Parma General Crenneville, dressed in the little brief authority which he has most unvwarrantably assumed, has so far exiceeded all bounds of reason that the very courtiers who at first hailed his approach as that of a saviour now tremble at the prospect of what his temerity may produce. Not content with adlministering military law with all the force of despotiepower and summarypunishments,he has chosen to tramule on every vestifze of indeDend- ence belonging totheParmiesan Government. Arrests on suspwcio2havellatelybeenmade'on alarge scale. Of those arrested many are kept in confinement, and few liberated, and one night last week 30 persons, who had not even undergone anl examination, were taken from the gaol at Parma and sent off in carriages under escort to Mantua. The excuse for this arbitrary proceeding vwas that the individuals -were " inatuvais swjets," and therefore dangerous to society, on w hich plea, it will be observed, an Austrian General vent-r'es to capture the citizens of a neighbouring S;tate, and transport them to an Austrian fortress! lt was also reported that some, if not all, the prlisoners under sentence, who had been removed in the fist instance to Mantun from Parma, had been again transported to Gratz, and this rumour had created a fear that such movements indicate preparations for arrests on a still more extended scale. So completely has the Ducal Government lost all pretension to independence, that the Austrian authorities dlo not even condescend to inform the special commission for the trial of political offences as to the disposal of those persons who ouglht to be brought before it. Moreover, General Creimeville, by order from Verona or Vienna, no doubt, is about to take military possession of other poilts of the Parma territory-viz., the fortified places of Bardi and Compiono, and the open tovn of Pontremoli, all towards the western and the southwestern frontier, where no crime or disturbance has given the slightest colour to an apology for such occupation. The Count de Chambord had stayed some days at Parma to assist his sister with his advice, but the Duchess had so entirely resigned all power into the hands of the Austrian General, that she was far more occupied in the preparation of a trousseau for a half-sister, who is about. to be married, than with the cares of government; and, at the same time, the popular belief at Parmia was that the Count's object was to remove the Duchess and her family, as the State would be immediately annmexed to Piedmont by the Pals Congress. Happy would it be for both princes and people if this report had been true, for it is much to be apprehended that the means which General Crenneville will adopt to eradicate the impression from the public niiR will only add to the present irritation. As i is those nearest the Court by rank and attaclUnOVp' are of opinion that he has already carried Ilia har,hness too far, and they fear the most setio-ls consequences unless a relaxation be made *soon, while they see with disgust the humiliatiin ;o whic thei own Goveonxment has been subj&zet& by an inferiox servant of a foreign Power. I am assured by persons toming fiom Central Italy thatthe excitement tolearnthe decision of the Congress on Italian affairs is most intense there, and that, should the judgment be adverse to all their hopes, the disappointment of the people will be proportionately bitter, and in despair of ever obtaining justice by such means they are extremnely likely to follow the counsels of the wildest republican leaders, who are now, as always, active and ready to take advantage of any circumstance to exasperate the mualtitude agaistsa the MSoderate party, even thoug in so doing they play the game of Austria and Rcome.. From Rome I hear that the Papal Government expresses great confidence in the Congress, and relies fully on Austrian diplomacy for protection from reform, feeling, probably, that mutual interests will prove the best fee to an advocate with a bad cause. M. Cavour is expected in Turin early next weel, it is said, but wlhether to return again to Paris or not is not yet known. One of his first objects here must be to find a successor for M. Cibrario, who has long been anxious to retire fiom the Foreign-office, and who has at length obtainerl His aMajesty's permission to do so. The Marquis Villamarina, now Minister at Paris, has been mentioned as likely to go to the Foreign-office, and be replaced by the Marquis Sauli, from Florence, but, none of these changes will be definitively settled until the return of M. Cavour. SPAIK. We have received our private correspondence from Madrid of the 9th and 10th inst. It appears that the disturbances at Valencia on the 6th inst. were more serious than was at first stated. Our correspondent says " The authorities had notice previously that something was expected on that day, and had taken some military precautions. The process of ballotig for the new conscripts commenced atthe Townhall at 7in the morning, and went on for two hours, when it was stopped by a tumultuous assemblage of persons uttering various seditious cries, and menacing the members of the corpbration. Iiformation of this having been given to the Acting Civil Governor, Senor Rieolles, he sent a detachment of Civic Guards, who caused the place to be evacuated, in effecting which, however, they had to make use of their arms, by which several persons were wounded; but the crowds being driven from. that locality, and being joined by some National Guards and many armed civilians, who had come on the previous day and that morning, took possession of some houses in the Calle de San Vicente, from thich they fired on the barracks and Plaza de San Fsrancisco, where the mzilitary authorities wrere, and wvhere the garrison had been concentrated at an early hour. The alarmwas beat to call tog,etherthelNational Guards, and their commanders were summoned by GeneralVillalonga to attend, and obeyed, declaring to him their determination to support the authorities and maintain order, as did also the officers, with few exceptions, but these did not obey the order to attend. About four companies, chiefly of one battalion of light infantry of that force, joined the insurgents, some of whom attacked various military posts, and attempted to get possession of the gate of SerTanos, but they were everywhere repulsed. "General Villalongahaving made his dispositions, the insurgents were attac3ked first by a regiment of cavalry, and afterwards with grapeshot, while artillery was also brought to bear against the houses occupied by them, and they were soon dislodged and driven to seek for safety in flight, many retiring from the city, and by nightfall order was restored. The troops lost an officer and five soldiers killed, besides wounded. Of the insurgents, it is stated that in the last nvlee 17 or 18 were killed." The Government being of the opinion that General Villalonga did not display sufficient firmness, have dismissed him from the post of Captain-General of V7alencia, and p,iven (as already announced by telegraph) full powers to General Zabala. On the 8th Valencia was quiet. The Three per Cents, were done on the 10th at 40 55, and the Deferred ditto at 24 90.
SHIP NEWS. TTV'.lvT?PAr%. A--12Ir.1 Wind, E. Arrived.-Thcl William Edward, from San Sebastian-the Catharine, from Troon-the Duke, from Calcutta-the Zonave, from Alexandretta. Sailedt-The Mary Theresa, for St. Thomas-the Allan, for Quebec -the steamer Erriesson, for New York-the Pontida, for Malta-the Florence, for Rio Grande-the steamshiP Metropolitan, for Genoathe Alvacoia, for Lisbon-the Spartan, for Dalhousie-tho Ismir. for Baalklava -the Grace and the Roseland, for Newfoundland-the Drie Arellias, for Amsterdam-the Jacobus, for Riga-the John Peels, for lima-the Redbreast, for Corfu-the Idea, for Harlingen-the Villa Nova, for Gibraltar-the Prosperity, for Lisbon-the Belladonna, for Constantinople-the St. Pierre, for Hasre. LoN-ow-, April 16.-Wind this day at noon, strong gale from N.E., and fine clear weather. DunraN, April 15.-A portion of a n-reck was passedon the 29th of February. in lat. 37, long. 40, by the Ouzel Ga1ley, from Trinidad, arrived off Wicklow. RlAaISGAvT_ April 16.-The Fairy Queen, of and from Sunderland for Rottenlam, has been abandoned in a sinking state; crew landed here, PooLF., Apri 15.-n. The Triumvirate, from Alicante for Newfoundland, with damage, bore upfrom strees of weather; 92 days out. ST. DAssr's, April 15.-A piece of the side of a large ship was towed in here yesterday, having no name or marks on it. W.sxs, April 13.-The Happy Return, of Dundee, from Grange. mouth for Dunkirk, is ashore here full of 'ater, and lig in a dangerouspostion, and it is feared will become a wreck ; crew saved. SoumanvoLn, April 15.-The Odin, of Newcastle, from Shields for London, grounded on Barnard Sand yesterday, but afterwvards floated off and sank near the shore. She has since gone to pieces. Fntrouns, April 14.-Off the Port, the C4olnist, from Caldera for Swansea. Arrived. the Fanny, from Santander-the Duke of CornwaD, from London for Dublin. Sailed, the Gedaon, for Rio Grandethe Charles Chaloner. for Quebec-the Herman Theodor, for Hamburg-the Orestea, for Brenmen-the Germania, for Antwerp-the Lizzie, for Liverpool-the Mlary Fenwick, for Cork-the Earl of Leicester, for Tralee. April 15.-Wind, N.E. Sailed, the Annebro, for London. sR1STuL, Aprill6.-N.E., strong. Arrived, the William Penn, from Waterford-the Express, Ifrom Hayle. Sailed, the Troubadour, for Liverpool--the Shamrock, for Haverfordwest-the Phhenix, for Dublin. RoaTERDumne, April 14.-The Flight, arrived here on the 10th from F1obile, metwith a succession of gales from S.WV. and N.W. for 15 days from the lougitude of Cape Hatteras into the English ChnanneL On the 23dof March, in Iat. SN X., long. 55W., passed several spars inthe mornig, and in the afternoon a sliip's galley, with apparently a stove in it, pamnels painted white, with green facings, and saw at the same tinse occasionallys above the water the stern-frame of a ship, apparently of 600 or ZOO tons. Cr.ooNm, April 15.-The Hope, of Selby, which was on shore to-day at Freminghain. has gone to pieces, Gsri.-xosc, April 15.-A derelict and dismasted schooner, painted black, with wlidte riband round her rails, and a red riband on paint streak, copper bottomed, and with a gilt bilet-head painted creamcolour on the inside, and apparently but recently abandoned, vas passedju lat. 47 N., long. 31 W., by the An Johnston, arrived at Oporto on the 31st of March, wvhich also reports having passed a great many broken spars and legs of timber on the passage, and encountered a heavy gale on the 1st, during wrhich the above sehooner wvas supposed to lhave beon dismasted. The Julia Selubalense, from Made"a for New Yorl, reported asa missing vessel, had arrived at Jacksonville. Florida, and sailed thence for Newv Y'ork previouls to the 10th of MIarch. The Hyperion. of anld bound for .iverool, which was stranded off lIaguna Harbour on tire 4th of February. but got off and wvas taken in there on the 5th. wvas surveyed, and sold as a n.-"eck on the 25th ; the enargo of logwood. except a small hart sold as damaged, remaiuder to be reshippedl. if possible. GRAVESEND, APnrIL 15. (Iy Surnu-x ANiD BarNsic Tsrmsotsrn) (From Lloyd's.) Arrived.-The Wildensminden, from Christiania-the Flora, from Sarpsborg- -the Simpson, from Gottenburg. ArstTL 16. |9 30 a m.-Wind, N.E.; tide, 3t hours' flood, strong. Arrived.-The Victoria, the Conferentsraath Clasen, and the Eucharist, from Frederickstadt-the Fiducia, from Ditzum-the Active, the Haabet, and the Richard Cobden,;from Christiania-the Tre llroders from Stromnstadt-the Amphitrite, from lrageroe-the Pltus, fironi Stahlthei-the Yllger, from Fahrsamd-tbe steanmer Batavier, from Botterdam-the steamer Holland, fromOstend-the teaserDublin, from Boulogne. Sailed.-The steamer City of Rotterdanm, forDunkirk. I p.m.-Wind, E ; tide, one hour's ebb, strong. Arrived.-The Febmern, from Fehmern-the Christine Coldine. from A31borg-the Lougan, from Christiania-the Frederick Simony, from Stavanger-the Levant. from Frederieckshall-the Ida Nicoline Frederica. froma Nykiobing-the Helen Soplhie, and the Sophie, from Frederickstadt-the Ida Maria, from Dantsli-the Sophie, frorm Randero. Sailed.-The steamer Tiger, for Hamburg-the steamer Ceres, for Botterdam. 3 p.m.-Wlnd, N.E.; tide, 3 hours' flood: strong. Arived.-The Ia.sritr, from Swensborg. Sailed.-The steamer Belgium, for Ostend -the steamer 'Joselle, for Itotterdam-the steamer Countess of Lonsdale, for Hamburg. 7.10 p.m.-Wind, E.; tide, B hours' flood; blowing bard. Arrived.-The Stadt Woreum, from Woreu',nz-the AnneWerstine from Prastoe-the Sophia, from Leer-the \'row Hendrika Andrina and the Dordrecht, from D1ggerbank-the r, ion, fromFrecdeeickshaUe -the Ydrasll, from Christiania-the SwArtje, from ELmden-the Johan Thomine, from LuIkken-the Stadt Crssmir, from Stettin-the Morgen. from Christiania-theNorsk-e Flfe, from Sapshorg. Sailed.-The Countess of Lou sdrIe, for Hamburg. DF,AL, ArPj 16. (BY SUI5fBA5-A A--D Bshrrrss T GrsArH.1 (From Uloyd!s.) 9 30 a.m.-Wnd, FP..E. ; very strong. Passed.-The stesraghip Genova, No. 6,915, Eecond pendant, from the Westward for London, Noon.-EN,U[,R, very strong. No arrivals. 2 p m.-Win', EKiE.; very strong. No arvals. 7 30 p.m.-.i.E. * very strong. No arrivals. Salled.. .er MIajesty's shiP Pylades, for Portsmouth. The 2f.er part of the hull of a small vessel called the Corsair, of Lon;o'~,', with the name in git letters on th:Ze quarter and main boom AttV4hed, have been avashed on shore on Dtal Beach to-day. vassas Spos Wren. The Queen, from Madras for London, 59 days out, in lat. 10, long. The Mary, of Exeter, steering E., April 10, in lat. ft N., long. 10 W. The Star of the West, from New York for Liverpool. April 13. The Oregon. from Mfobile forLiverpool, Msarch 12,20 miles E.'of Carysfort Iteef. The American ship Ocean Bel, from Liverpool for New York, Marel1 31, in lat. 45 N., long. 32 Y. HIGH 'WATER AT LONDON\BRIDGE THIS DAY. . . Borning .. 24 min. after 121 Afternoon .. 44 min. after 1 CRYSTAL PALACE.-ONE SnraaG DAY,-Wedne'3 -day, April 1G.-AdaniSsionm on psjent, 1,92o5 ditte' bi season tickets, 441; total vishots 2,6.
- JVDICIAZ COMMITTEE .OF PRIY COUrNCIL, I Wecdday, April 16. IPRI.SEP AND TIM HON. EA INDVI COMPANY V. DYCE IOlll RAMi'IVROlYpn .,t -aT*T- (Before Mr. P-MMGRTON LEiGH, Sii EDnwAx RYAN Dr. lvUSINGTOX, Lord. .Ti,tceS XGnIGT BRUCE and ITrlsuniEn.) The AT'roMNEY-GEMsR, in resuming his reply, called the attention of 'their Lordships to the conduct of Mr. Dyce Sombre subsequently to the execution of the wilL All the tendencies to excess of every idnd then became greatly exaggerated. Be was totaly debased, and lost, not only to all sense of morality, but of common decency. He drank to the greatest extent, and it was impossible to conceive a human being sunik to lower habits of debauchery. His proceedings were sach as to attract the attention of the police, but still he went into the most respectable society, and wvas alwavs regaraed as a sane ouan. The evidence adduced warranted him (the Attorney-General) in saying that the extravagancies of the deceased must not be set down to the score of insanity. When found, not ia the privacy of his hotel, but mixing in society, he knew what was due to it, and never violated its obligations. The things put before their Lordships with so much power by his learned ftiends on the other side did not proceed from insanity, but were the return to his earlv habits. There were none of those delusions so prevalent in 1843 and 1844. Could it be wondered at if, after the quantity of brandy and wine which he took daily, he should have sometimes mistaken fancies for realities? The state of his mind in 1851 had no bearing upon the question before their Lordships, but at that period he had been rendered prostrate by his debaucheries; he was in Paris, with no one attending him except his servants and his wrotched companions, and, deprived of all hope of everything that could give a charm to life, he plunged more deeply than ever into excesses of the worst kind. There was nothing to satisfy their Lordships that in 1849 heowas unfit to make a will. If they were satisfied that the delusions of 1843 had become effaced in 1848 and 1849, was there anything in the evidence posterior to that period which would induce them to say that he was insane and incapable of maling a wil? 'The will propounded bore intrinsically no evidence of insanity. He was examined by several medical men prior to its hem' made, and they could not trace the preserice of insanity. What an anomalous thning it would beto saythathe had power to save a part of his income, but had not power to disose of it. At his death there were in the hands of his bankers 9,0 ; could he not have disposed of it by contract? If the validity of the contract had heen called in question, would it not Lave been a sufficient answer to aLege that the Lord Chancellor had placed him in the receipt of the whole of his surplus income? If the contract could not be set aside, neither ought the will. How had he disposed of the bulkof his fortune? For great, noble, and beneficent purposes. There was no necessity here for referring to legal decisions ; the question at issue was purely one of fact. While he (the Attorney General) acquiesced in the propriety of the judgmnent in " Waring v. Waring," as applicable to that particular case, yet on metaphysical and legal considerations he denied the soundness of the grounds on which it rested. It was not the judgment of the whole Court, for 'it was delivered, contrary to the usual practice, in the first person singular; "- Waring v. Waring" was not a case of monomania, but of general insanity. 'While no doubt it was one object of the administration of justice that persons incapacitated by mental infirnity should not dispose of their property to the prejudice of those who had a moral claim upon it, yet, on the other hand, he trusted that it would never be lost sight of that whlile the law gave a man the power to dispose of his property by testamentary disposition, it w.as essential that wills should not be lightly set aside, or otherwise than on the most solid and convincin" proof. Assuming, however, that their Lordabip)s might Ltake a different view of the whole case from that wlhich he and his learned friends who were with him had presented, it w as necessaryto look at thequestion of costs. If a party ohtained awill from interestedmotives, and failed to establish it, he ought to be mulcted in costs; but whiere parties came 'forward as trustees, not for their individual interests, but to protect those of a charity, they stood in a different 'position, and their case ought to be treated with all due consid (eration by the Court. The deceased had snid that his wife could not expect more than she had received under the marriage settlement; and if, instead of dying in 185>1, the victim of his own intemperance, he had lived and fully recovered, could any one believe that he would have given his property to Baron Solaroli and MIr. Troup- persons whom he had never heen taught to resspect ? Yet those 4 were the parties w-ho, if the will was set asid, wouLd share betwveeR them this enormous and princely fortune. When judgment wias delivered by the Lord Chancellor in 184!9, refusing to supersede the commission of lunacy, his Lordship had. not before him the deceased's iournal and the evidence whEich had now been produced from India, which put the case 1 on a different footing. Considering the time occupied in the discussion of the case and the mass of evidence Produced, would the East India Company have been justified in abandoning thewill ? Seven months intervened betwveen the close of the arguments in the court below and the delivery of the judgment. Misconduct had heen charged against Mr. Prnnsep and Lord Comberere for preparng 'the deceased to undergo his medical examinations, Mie (the Attorney-General) was not there to justify Lord Combermere, but he was convinced that his Lordsihaace firom the highest and most Praiseworthy Pothves aTed Queen's Advocate had poured frha trrent of vitulperation and invective ag,ainst those gentlemen, of which he j(the Attorney-General) did not believe that his learned friend or any one else possessed so large a vocabulary. The conduct of MIr. Prinsep towards the deceased had been most kind throughout, and there was not one 'Sttle of evidence to showv that he had heen guilty of any impropriety of conduct with respect to the making and the execution of the wilL. The learned counsel concluded by thanking their Lordslhips, on behalf of the bar, for the attention and patience with which they had ISstened to this protracted argument. Their Lordships reserved their judgmnent. -The following counsel were engaged in the caseo--For Mr. Prinsep,Sir F?. Thesiger, Dr. Bayford, and Mfr. William Forsyth; for the :East India Company, the Attorney-General, MAr. Wigramn, Dr. Htaggrd, and MIr. Eelville; for MErs. Dyce Sombre, the Queen's Advocate, the Solicitor-General, Sir Fitaroy Klelly, Dr. Jenner, and MSr. W. Jervis; for M*rs. Troup and Madame Solaroli, Dr. Twiss and Dr. Spinks. __ _ __
LATW REPOBT. COURT OF CBA?iC3EY, LTLNCOL'S-IT-., ABlIL 16. DREW V. SfIFDDEN. "etlore MeW lORDS JUSTICES OF APPEAT.1 MEr. W. PFArSON addressed the Court from its sitbirg until 2 oclock, when it rose, in support of the decision of the Vice-Chancellor. Mr. Selwyn has still to reply. Mr. Baily and Elr. Browne are the other cJunsel in the case.
ROLLS' COURT. CnAcEY-LA27- ARTT. 16. IS RE CHANDLE THE Y01UNGER. AN ATTORNE. (Beforc the MASTER of tha ROLLs.1 This was a petitiona to strike an attorney off the rolls under the following circumstances :-Mr. Chandler, the attorney in question, was co-trustee with a Mr. Worsley of a nmarriage settlement, under which a sum of 2,0001. was invested in the funds in their joint names, in trust to pay the dividends to certain parties for life, the corpus being divisible between the trustees after the exhaustion of the life interests. In 1852, and -While such interests were still existent, Mr. Chandler induced Mr. Worsley to sign a power of attorney authorizing the sale of the stock, upon the plea that it could be more profitably invested; and tho dividends upon the money continued' to be paid, as if it were still in the funds, up to the month of February, 1I56, when Mr. Chandler became insolvent and his conduct known. The defence made was, that in 1952, when the stock was sold out, Mr. Chandler had no intention of improperly appropriating the money, inasmuch as he possessed at that period 11,0001. of his own property, and merely sold the stock because the funds were as high as 1011., and it was therefore a good tine to reaize that the money when drawn out -was put -with otner moneys until a favourable opportunity for re-investing it occurred; and that when such an opportunity did apparently present itself the investment or specilation to -wlik the trust money was applied turned out so unrerunerative and un* fortunate that the money was lost. As it appeared from the evidence that Mfr. Chandlier had not only acted in his character as trustee in the transaction, but also in his capacity as an attorney, ie was now sougtd to strike him off the rolls, and t His Hosous, after eonimenting with severity on Mr. Chandler's mlisconduct, and pronouncing it to be such as to place him without the pale of his more respectabDle brethren, ordered his name at once to be struck off the rolls of the Court. Mr. Shapter appeared in support of the petition,; Mr. I1. Palmer and Mlr. Wood contra.
I VICE-CIANCELLORS' COURTS. APiTE. 16. rVAx- V- pAVV I tBcforc iece-Chanwcdlor Sir RI T. XNDEisixy. l Mr. A-S,DE1hSON concluded his reply in this case, when His HoN;ount delivered his judgment. Mr. Daily, Mr. Glasse, MLr. G. W. Collins, ML. Hardy, Mr. R. W. Moore, and Air. W. Foster appeared for the other parties. It will be reirembered that this bill is filed by certain parti rting to represent 2,000 insurers in the "GeneraleBenefit Life Insurance and Loan Company" 'amalgamated of two societies, the " General Health -and Life Insurance 'Company" and the "City of London Loan and Deposit Bank," the object being to bave an account taken of the capital joint stock, and that the rights of the plaintiffs might be ascertained. and that they might We declared to have a lien on such capital; that the directors might be declared liable for any loss caused by reason of their neglect, and especially by the absconding of the secretary; for a general account, a receiver, and mjunction. A motion was originally made before his Honour for a receiver and injunction to restrain the directors from further dealing with the funds, but his Honour refused to make any order, considerin that it would prejudice therights of the parties rather than assist them; but, on appeal, the Lords Justices made an order forboth. The casemade was thatthe two companies or societies had been formed in 1820, and' oon after aInalgamated, with the same officers; that a large number of persons had insuredagainst deathandsickness by paying small veekly sums; that deposits had been made in-the banldng departwent; and that in August, 185, John Brydie; the secretary, 'absconded to `vian Diemein's IA with about11I,0001. of the company's funds, -whici taused them-to st'busiuess, swhich had never since beeh carried on. Such was the short case. The YxcE-Cw%AIcEss;on now referrend to thoscircum- .l . - ? . -. - ;. - - Ii I I Ji stances, and said that the justice of the plaintiff was so obvious that the Court ought to stmggle to give some relief, proviaed it could be given without injustice to others,-a thing this Court would not sanction. Taling the position of the plaintiffs and the shareholders, the latter, and the directors authoried by them, contracted with theplaintiffs, and each that upon payment of certain sums they would undertake, out of the funds of the society, on a given event of death or sicIness, to pay a cerain sum, the funds to consist of 501., to be advanced by each of them, onwhich the plaintiffs should have a charge; and, shutting their eyes to the dificulties of the other grounds, was it not the right of the plaintiffs to say to the six defendants, &upposing there were onl,r six, "you shal do what you undertake to do?"' lhe terms of the policies were that the capital stock and funds of the company should alone be answevrable to the demands of the assured, their heirs, executors, administrators, or assings; and the 3uember should not be answerable, directly or indirecly, further than their respective shares in the capital of 50,000!.; and it was clear pmuifaici that, inasmunch as the shareholders stipulated that they should not be personally answerable, as they would be without such stipulation, the Court must consider, inasmuchl as there was a contract in a certain event to pay a certaiu sum to persons insured, what right the company had to tell them that they could not go on. It couldnot be justice to say-" You stipulated for so-and-so, and you cannot have it," not because the funds w-ere exhausted, but because the shareholders had not paid up. The right was, that if they could not go on, either theymust give back to parties t3e money t"hey had paid or the value of their interest; and, although there was no pre. cedent, his Honour would create one, and order such payment out of the funds. The next questiou was of greater difficulty; the insurers were 2,000, Come for life, and some for sickness, aud some few annuity creditors, some on policies, and some on free tickets, but all were properly represented by the plainmtiff, if they all had the same interest in the suit, and it appeared tohis Honour that the plaintiffs might fairly represent them, and that they might be considered as standing on the same footing, for free tickets entitled the holders to policies, and hence it Wa the same in equity. No doubt. there was this ereat differ. ence between insurers forlife and sicklness--that the nearer the former came to death the more valuable the Policy; whereas the latter's policy became almost worthless, and therefore their interest was not the same, and the annuities stood on the same footing; and therefore, vithout violating any rule of the Court, the plaintiffs were competent to represent the -hole body of insurers and annuitants, and have the funds applied in repaying the value of the polcy v-hen the society stopped paymeut. It appeared, also, that there were 1S or 20 shareholders, and, although it -was not quite impossible to make them aU parties, it appeared clearthat the difficulty was so great that it must be dispensed with. lis Honourthen referred to some cases cited, and said that he considered each shareholder liable, at the suit of perns insured, to make good his proportion of the capil; but was it just that a certain number should be made to pay the whole, leavinthem to recover against the others ? It was said if aU paia -cp, still there would not be assets sufficient to satisfy the plaintiffs' demands; buthisHonour couldnotassumesomuch, for the result of the accounts might show that it was not so. Was it injustice to nakie a particular member liable to pay up the whole, or those not present 1 Certainly not to the latter, and justice would be denied if they were not made liable; they were therefore liable, only to the exctent of the unpaid share, according to the original constitution of the society, of 501. shares and 21. 10s. deposit, and the Court ought to give relief by ascertaining what was now the capitalandvwhateach shareholder shouldpayup. Seaman was a representative only, and was only liable to the extent of the assets of the person he represented. Ihen, as to the directors, it was said that, as they had represented the capital to he 50,0C00., they were liabletothat extent, but no .man wvho knew anything of the w,orld thought that such an announcement meant that that sum was paid up; it meant merely thatsuch was to be theworldng capitalif they could obtain it, and very few, except flourishinf concerns, got together the whole capital in specie. Indeed, only one person at all suggested that they had been so deceived, and therefore they were not liable for the whole 50,0001. The dividends declared stood on a very difierent footing, for in a certain state of the assets, by the stipulations of the deed, a dividend was to be declared. Several had been declared and paid when the directors knew that the company was in a serious and alarmingstate, andthemselvesparticspatedin such dividend. Nowv, without attributing a sordid motive to them, b7ut merely, as was most probable, to endeavour to raie their credit and obtain insurances, it was unjustifiable and fraudulent towards those who might be induced by that semblance of prosperity to come to the company; and tho directors were therefore liableto refund all the dividends which they had or had not received, so far as they were parties to that transacMtion. As to buying up shares, there was no authority for that, and therefore they were liable for that also; although, no doubt, their object was to prevent the shares getting into the market and lowering the company's credit. With regard to remuneration, the payment of lOs. to each director was unjustifiable, having regard to the state of the society; and they wrere liable for the misapplication for their ovu benefit and the excess over os. As to the security to be taken from Brydie, the directors were not liable for that, because it was provided by the deed that they should take such security as they thought proper, and they derived no benefit from the omission, which could not be attributed to a corrupt motive. The case of Mr. Norcutt, the solicitor to the company, was beset with difficulties, and it was a marvel how, having been connected with the society from its commencement, he should have permitted the directors to violate the provisions of the deed in almost every particular during many years, and to act in error, astheyhad doubtless done. It vas not proved that he was a director, but he had so acted in many respectc, and particularly in twice taking the chair, as to make himself liable as one, andhe was therefore liable in comnmon -with the other directors, having also unnecessarily saddled the funds with a payment of 13l. a-year to him, as if he was a director, and he was therefore liable from May, 1833, until the company stopped. It appeared also that his name was npon 5,00 proepectuses, which he said he never saw; that was almost incredible, but, holding the position he did, as a well-known officer of the court, his Honour would not attribute to him any mis-statemient. Mr. Seaman was a shareholder ; the bill called him a trustee - but, if at all, it was of the loan society, and he couldnot he a trustee of funds which never came into his hands. The other point related to the amalgamation of the two societies, but tie justice of that was that it should be ascertained -what portions of the funds belonged to each society, it being probable that Brydie had absconded with moneys chiefly belonging to the loan company. The minutes must be carefully prepared, upon inquiries generally as to the policies and annuities, and who were now euntitled to the benefit of them, and what was their value, reserving the question of costs. It might be impossible to give the laintiffs the relief they asked on the accounts being taken, but his Honour was so impressed with the necessity of endeavouringl to do them justice that he had decided the above questions, in the hope of being able to assist them. (Before J17ce-Chancdlor Sir J. STUARTs.) r1tFZsTOX V. rnrEsToX. The question in this case waswhether the defendant, James Preston, who was executor and devisee of the real estate and legatee of certain of the personal property of his testator, took the real estate charged with the payment of a sum of money, or whether lie was entitled to such real estate freed and discharged fronm such payment. The testator gave all his real estate to his son, the defendant, James Preston ( whom he also appointed his executor), " to have and to hold the same and every part thereof, with the appurtenances, unto his said son, James Preston." The vill then proceeded as follows :-" Also I give unto my said son, James Preston, all my stock of cows, rest, remainder, and residue of my effects, and that my son, James Preston, do pay unto my grandson, James Preston, the sum of 300!.," by certain- instaliients. The testator died in 1834, and the defendant bad paid some of the instalments to the ~lalintiff. The bill prayed for an account of-what W5s due to the plaintiff; for a declaration that the defendanlt was personally liable to pay to the plaintiff what in the tak;ing of such account might be found to be due to the plaintiff;* and for a declaration that the amount so found due was a chargo on the real estate devised to the defendant. hEr. Ehnsley and Mr. Pemberton -were for the plaintiff, and Mr. Malins and Mr. Whiteley for the defendant. The V1CE-CseAiNCLLoR held that all that had been ta;ken bythe defendant was liable to the payment of the sum of 300!., and made a declaration to the effect that the defendant was personally liable to pay w hat might be found to ba due to the plahntiff, and that the amount which might be so found due was a charge on the real estate devised to the defendant. (Before Vicc-Chanczllor Sir W. P. WOOD.) L-SEPR rV. DIX. The Court was again occupied during the entiro day with the arguments in tuis case. The suit was instituted by the plaintiff to set aside a sale of certain property situate to the north of St. George's-read, iem.p.town, iBrighton, so far, at least, as related to a Jeasehold interesttherei, -which was Caimed by the plaintiff, subjectt certain mortgages created by him, and w hich 'ae now sought to Tedeem on the usual terms of a redemption suit. The sale in question purported to be made as to the leasehold interest in part of the property in pursuance of the trusts of a deed executed by the plaintiff in 1845, whereby he had ssgned that leasehold interest to one Benson, upon trust, for sale and by the saine deed had also assigned 2us leasehold interest in other part of the property to one Tennant, on like trust, for sale. The trusts of the purchase-moneys were (after payment of the costs of the deed, ac.) to satisfy certain mortgage debts due from the plaintiff, and, among others, a debt of 1,0001. and interest due to Benson, by virtue of a first equitable mortgage over a portion of the property, and of a second mortgage over the rest, and the residue of the purchase-moneys were to be paid to the plaintiff The facts of the case and the relative position of the parties are far too complicated for a generalreport;but the case made by the plaintiff (w;ho, it appeared, had left Brighton for nearly seven years after the eoxecution of the TrUst deed, and had suddenly sarted up in 1852) was that the sale in 1851, which was made by one Winch, as Benson's executor, was invalid on several grounds, and, among others, that no one but the plaintiff hiself had executed the trast deed, or had ever acted on it till 1851, and the plaintiff had treated it therefore as abandoned; that Benson had never executed the deed (though this was accounted for by the fact of his having died islortly afterwards) hat WVinch had mixed up with the property sold by himn as trustee some of that to which he was only entitled in his character of mortgagee- that no separate price or consideration was given .or the two; that the whole consideration was inadequate, and that the property had, in fact, been sold at an undervalue; and that the whole deed on the face of it showed the transaction to be at the most a sale by Winch, in his character of mortgagee, of the whole property, and not as trusteefor sale at alL Various other chargesweremade by way of giving colour to the plaintiff's ease. The case made by the defendants, the purchasers, was that the objections were mere objections of form; .that ihe whole facts showed a clear bosus fides on the part of all the parties actually cous cerned in the sale; andthat,- as x mosti material fact on the question of value,Winch, as representingtle estate of Benson, had been content to receive a sum of 1351. (thie 1money paid for the portion ofth'de property. sold in putEq.*
COURT OFOIJEEN'S BMTCR. WESTnSTER. APRIL16. TE RFIGHIT UlO.Y SIR LkURECGE PEEL. KNIGHT. (Sigings in Barco. before Lordw CA3BELL and Jusaces WIGIITKAIT. EIRLE. and CROMPTON.) At the sitting of the Court this morning Sir Laurence I Peel, Knight, late Chief Justice of Calcutta, appeared on the bench, and was sworn in as a member of Her M1ajesty's Privy Council. DOU-GLAS V. CORBETT. Mr. KE,%vsG, Q.C., moved for a rule calling upon the defendant to show cause why the verdict found in his favour should not be set aside and a new trial granted, upon the groundof misdirection by the learned judge who presided at the trial. The parties were both farmers in the county of Oxford, and the action was brought to recover damages for maliciously and without reasonable or probable cause causing thc plaintiff to be taken into custody and indicted npona chargeof stealng the defendant's sheep. At the trial, which took place before Mr. Baron BramnveU at the last assizes at Oxford, it apred that on the 29th of September the defendant had hlad some sheep stolen. About three weeks after he sawv a boy driving a flock of sheep along the road in the direction of a Mr. Shepherd's farm, and, as he said, he recognized six of the sheep as a portionof the sheep which had been stolen from him, but he did not claim them from Mr. Shepherd, and gave as a reason that he knewv Mr. Shepherd to be a respectable man. On the od of December Mr. Shepherd took the same sheep to market, and on that occasion the defendant came up to the pen where the sheep were, and said that six of them were the sheep which had been stolen from him en the 29th of September. Upon this the plaintiff and his brother came up and told the defendant that what hie alleged w as impo&ible, for they had sold them to Mr. Shepherd on the 15th of October, and had bought them in the month of June previous of a man naned Eaves, to whom a farmier named Ball had sold them. The defendant was not satisfied with this, and immediately went to the plaintift's farm and there took po&session of a sheep, -which he a'so clauied as part of the stolen property. On the 10th of December the plaintiff's attorney wrote to the defendant on the subject, and on the 12th the defendant laid an information before the magistrates, charging the plaintiff and his brother vwith stealing his sheep. The warrant was not executed till the 17th of December, and in the meantimeviz., on the 14th-the defendant had seen Ball (though this wvas denied by the defendant) and learnt from him that he had sold the sheep in question to Eaves, from wvhom the plaintiff had purchased them. When the parties were nefore the magistrates on the 17th of December Ball appeared, and, with a view to a compar.son, produced some sheep belonging to the same lot as those which, he said, he had sold the plaintiff. 'The defendant was asked why he had not claimed the sheep, if he thought they -were his, when he saw them, as he said, on the road to Mr. Shepherd's; but the only explanation he gave was that he would not claim them of Mr. Shepherd, as he knew him to be a respectable gentleman. X good deal of evidence was also given at the trial to show that the sheep sold by the plaintiffto Shepherd wvere unlike those purchased by him of Ball, and thus to show that Ball's statement was incorrect. At the close of the case Mr. Baron Bramnvell said the question of reasonable and probable cause was for him; and he left it to the jury to say whether the six sheep sold by the olaintiffto Shepherd were so like to those which had been atolen from the defendant that the latter might reasonably believe they were his owvn sheep. Lord CxA3PrELL.-That wvas to assist the learned Baron in deciding whether or not there was reasonable and probable cause. Mr. KiATINso said he did not object to that; but his Lordship told the jury that before they could find for the plaintiff they must be satisfied that there was actual malice on the part of the defendant, apart from the absence of probable cause; and he added that in his (Mr. Baron Bramiwell's) opinion there was not the slightest evidence of actual malice. When the jury retired he (Mr. Keating) submitted, on the authority of the cases cited in Mr. Pitt Taylor's wvork on evidence (p. 119), that the jury might, but were not bound to, infer malice in fact from the w-ant of probable cause; and he also tendered a bill of exceptions to his Lordship's direction on that ground. The learned Baron was about to sign the bill, buit eventuaUy declined to do so, upon the ground that the finding of the jury maight render that question imnuateriaL A question wvas then raised as to whether the judge could require the jury to arns-er the question submitted to them. Lord CAMs-BELL said he thought the jury were bound to find the question upon -whichi the judge wvas to decide whether there had been reasonable and probable cause. Mr. KEATSIG.-On the return of the jury they found the question put to them by the learned Baron in the affirmative; but they said they did not wish to be misunderstood, and added that they thought the defendant's conduct in the matter had not at aU been what it ought to have been. Lord C UBrr.ELL.-Then, there was malice, and there was also reasonable and probable cause. Mr. Justice EsrLE said that if the sheep were the defendant's, but he did not believe them to be his, so that he was not misled, there was an absence of reasonable and probable cause. Lord CAflPBELL.-Malice was found by the jury, so that the only question was whether there was reasonable and probable &nuse. The plaintiff might take a rule to show cause. The jury had found the facts, and the judge had decided that there was reasonable and probable cause ; the question, then, was whether in point of law he wvas justified in so doinD. Rule niei granted. TI{E QUEEN V. WILLIAM PALMER. The ATToRNEY-GsisER.tL (with whom was Mr. Edwin James, Q.C.) saidthat in the case of the " Queen v.William -Palmer" on two inquisitions a coroner's jury had found the prisoner guilty of wilful murder, and at the late Stafford assizes two indictments had been found true bills against the same defendant. Those indictments and inquisitions having been removed to this court by a ccrtiorari granted at the close of last term, he (the Attorney-General) now applied, under the powers of the new act (the 20th Victoria, c. 1N), that the Court would make an order that these indictments and inquisitions shall be tried at the next sessions of the Central Criminal Court. The Court would recoUect that at the end of last term an application was made, on the part of the prisoner, to remove the inqui. sitions and indictments into this court, upon the ground that there was reason to believe that the prisoner could not obtain a fair and impartial trial at Stafford, owing to the prejudice which existed in that county against him. The Crown concurred in thinking that there was some reason for believing that a fair trial could not be had at Stafford, and acquiesced in the application to remove the case by certio?ari. The Court were aware that an act of Parliament had recently passed which provided that 'when the Court should think it right to remove any such case by ccrtiorari, instead of sending it back into some other county for trial at the next assizes, they might deal w"ith such cases with expedition by sending them for trial to the Central Criminal Court. Under all the circumstances of this case, the indictments and inquisitions being now in this court, and considering the application and state. ment of the prisoner himself, and the affidavit of his attorney in support of the application, in which the Crown acn quieseed, he (the Attorney-General) thought it more expedient, instead of sending the indictments and inquisitions back to Stafford, or a neighbouring county, to take advantage of the powers of the new act, and that the Court should make an order that they should he transferred to the Central Criminal Court for trial. He (the Attorney-General) therefore applied in the first instance for a rule isi, in I order that if the prisoner had any cause to show against it, he mzight have an opportunity of so doing. Lord CAIMIPBELL said the learned Attorney-General might take a rule to show cause, and observed that when the case was before the Court last term it had been urged by the prisoner that, if the law would permit, it would be desirable that the trial shouldtakeplace atthe Central Criminal Court. His Lordship added the expression of his opinion that it was expedient thlat the case should be disposed of as speedily as might be. The ATTOP.NEY-GENERm-L said he would see that no unnecessary delay took place. LS THE SASME CASE. Mr. GRAY said ho had an application to make to the Court on behalf of the prisoner, and, as the matter of his application might possibly be disposed of by the Court under the rule just granted, he thought it right, before stating what his application was, to read to the Court the section of the act of Parliament on 'which he relied. That wvas the 24th section, which enacted that, "Whenever any prosecutor or person charged with any offence shall apply either before or after any indictment or inquisition shaU have been found or taken to the said Court of Queen's Bench, or to anuy Judge thereof, for an order that such indictment or inquisition shall be tried at the said Central Criminal Court under the provisions of this act, it shall be lavful for the said Court of Queen's Bench in tern time, or for the said Judge in vacation, to requi-e such prosecutor or other person to submit to such conditions as to bail, tlle payment of costs of the prosecution and wvitnesses, .and of the removal and transmission or removalof such indictment or inquisition, and of the re- movalof suchadefendant, and any other matter or thing. whatsoever, as in the judgment of such Court of Queen's Bench, or Judge, may reasonably be imposed upon such prosecutor or defendant." The section gave the Court power to impose such conditions as to " any other matter or thing whatsoeve"' aS in the judgment of the Court might be reasonably imposed. When, therefore, the Attorney-General came to make his rule absolute it would be open to him (Mr. Gray) to ask the Court to impose the conditions referred to in the rule which he was now about to move. The motion which he now made was for a "rule callingon the Solicitor to the Treasury to show causemwhy he should not deliver to the prisoner or to his attorney copies of the intended evidence of all additional witnesses not examined before the coroner, also a statement in writing of the evidence of Dr. Alfred Taylor, showing what tests he applied to detect strychnine in the body of John Parsons Cooke, and the mode of their application; also what tests he employed to detect antimony and arsenic in the stomach of the body of Ann Palmer, and the mode of applying such tests, and whether the same means were employed in experimenting on the organs and tissue; also w.hat quantity the said Dr. Alfred Taylor designates as a medicinal dose of antimony; also why a certain part of the body of the said Ann Palmer called 'ovary' should not be produced to the witnesses for the said William Palmer for inspection and examination." Lord C.nrsBELL inquired whether the evidence referred to had been given by Dr. Taylor before any regular tribunal ? Mr. GRAY said it had not. Dr. Taylor, when before the coroner, stated in effect that he had tested what had been supplied to him; that he had not detected strychnine; and that death resulted from strychnine. The first part of the rcotion applied to the tests which Dr. Taylor used, for, according to his evidence before the coroner, strychnine could not be detected at the time he used them. The case of the prisoner was, that if the proper tests had been applied, and there had been strychnine, it would have been discovered. Dr. Taylor gave it as his opinion that death took place from strychnine, but he said he had not detected strychnine, because strychnine was not capable of being detected after a time. The case for the prisoner was, that there was no strychnine in the body, and, if there had been, and the proper tests had been applied, it would have been discovered. If the proper tests had becen used the result showed that there was no strychnine. Lord CAnIaMELL here suggested that Dr. Taylor night be cross-examined on this point. Mr. GRAY said it would then be too late to perform the necessary experiments on the tests used. Lord CA)3PBELL said depositions had been taken and copies handed over. What was now wanted was a statement of additional evidence. Mr. GRAY said he was aware that there was no law which required additional evidence to be given to a prisoner, but still it was the almost universal practice to do so. Lord CUIPsBELL asked whether the Court could order that to be done? Mfr. GRAY said, he felt a difficulty on that point, and therefore he came to the act of Parliament. Lord CANiPBELL said that if the trial were to take place at Stafford or at Warwick would not the same difficulty arise? Mr. GRA Y said it would, but sti, if Dr. Taylor had used the proper tests,- - Lord CxUnPBELL said the Court could not grant a bill of discovery against Dr. Taylor to discover the mode by hiich he had conducted his tests. M1r. GR.AY admitted the Court could not grant a bill of |discovery, but he contended that if they thought it reasonable that Dr. Taylor should communicate Iiis tests they had the power under the act to make that a condition of maling the rule absolute. In the case of Ann Palmer Dr. Taylor had said that death was c.aused by antimony administered in " medicinal doses." The prisoner wanted to knowv what Dr. Taylor understood by "medicinal doses," for he understood that antimony was administered in doses of from one to sixty grains. - Lord CAMPBEI, said he thought Dr. Taylor might be asked at the trial what tests he had used. Mr. GsLY contended that it would then be too late to make any experiments. An application had already been made to the Solicitor to the Treasury on this subject, and he trusted that -when the Court came to make the rule absolute theywould impose the granting the information sought for as one of the conditions of making the rule absoluteThe other part of the rule referred to a portion of the body of Ann Palmer which was in the custody of the prosecution. The ATTORNEY-GENE-RAL here rose and said he was quite anxious to grant every facility to the defence; and with respect to that part of the application, he would take care that an opportunity of access to the body should be allowed. Lord CAtrPsELL.-And with respect to the other matr we are aU of opinion that we ought not to interfere. Rule refused. EX PARTE THE OVERSEERS OF NAPTON. M. BrrrLs.sroy moved, on the part of the overseers of lNapton, in Wrarwickahire, for a certio,-ar i to bring UJ)a disallowvance of the Poor Lawr auditor of a payment of B odd made by the overseers to their attorney. It appeared thlat the paymaent in question had been made in respect of services rendered by the attorney in giving notice of appeal against the removal of a pauper to the parish of Na pton and makinginquiries and preparations for supporting the appeal, which, on further inquiry, was abandoned. It appeared that the bill in question had not been taxed in the usual manner by the clerk of the peace, and the auditor disallowed the payment, on the ground that the payment was illegal, inasmuch as by the laches of their attorney and tire lapse of time the overseers were not in a condition to appeal. The -learned counsel contended that the auditor was w-rong in his opinion, and saidthe question now was whether the decision of tire auditor was final, not only on the question of the reasonableness of the charge, but also on the qluestion of its legality. T'he learned counsel contended tat te auditor's decision was not final on the question of the legality of the charge under the 39th section of the 7th and Stht of Vrictoria, c. 101; but the overseers weresatil entitled to raise that question by certiorari under the 36th section. Lord CAR3PRELL said he thought the 39th section made the decision of the auditor final as to whether the overseer was to have credit for the payment. after some further discussion, Lord CAairBELL said the Court entertained considerable doubts upon the subject, but the learned counsel might take a rufle at his peril. Mr. Justice ERLE said that if the decision of the Court should be against the learned counsel he must not complain if he had to pay the costs. Mr. Bof-NESTON said the parties were anxious to have tire question decided. Ride irii granted. BAIL COUJRT. (Sitings at disa Prwius, before ntMr. JusticeCOLERoIDGE and Cormon Jurieps.) SEAL V. GREENS. SEA~L V. NUGENT. These were two actons brought upon two joint and several promissory notes. The defence was merely a denial of the handwriting of the makers of the notes, which, however, was proved by a witness whiel saw them write their namnes. MIr. Justice COLERIDGE asked wvhy two actions had been brought when one w, ould have done? The witness could not tell. His Lordship then asked who was the attorney ? The witness stated it was t r. Seal, jun., the son of the plaintiff. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE, in stating the case to the jury, said itowasea.mostscandalonsproceedingonthe part of the attorney to bri- two actions when one wouldihave done. Tire verdict ofcourse wvas given for the plaintiff The counsel thenasked for immediate execution. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE.-I shalnot help you;* you will have It in the ordinary course. STEPhENS V. SADLER. M hr.iEdwinJmes andi r. Powell were consel for tire l aidntiflt, and MIr. M. Chambers and Mr. Wood for the de- This was an action to obain compensation for alibel published by the defendant in a letter written by him to the p ulantiff grntd According to the statement of counsel, the pLaintiff was a gentleman of respectability and property. A young gentleman named Richard Bethell had a bill of exchange for 1001., drawn by one Brown upon Sadler, jun., the son of the defendant. gethell took this bill to an attorney named Creeleck, who, knowing Bethell, refused to to rake the bill hut on the same day a Mr. Froom called on Creelock, and upon hisindemnity Creeleckeprocured the billato be discounted by the plaintifoi When the bil became due it was not paid. Brown did not pay it, and Sadler, who was the acceptor, did not pay it, and an action wvas brought against the younger Sadler. It was defended, but at the last moment under a Judge's order, Sadler paid the amount. A saubpina was served upon the present defendant who then wrote the following letter to Crewlock, which was the libel compLa ned of:- "Sir,-Yesterday I was served vithla ssubpcena as witness on a trial wherein my son is defendant, much to my surprise and annoyance, for up to that time I knew nothing of the circumstances; but I am now acquainted witir them, and I am resolved not one shilling shall come out of my pocket, because I see clearly it is a scheme to entrap a foolish young fellow to put his name to a bill for which he had not received anything, and other parties who shall be nameless have lent themselves to endeavour to extract the money; but not one farthing shall be forthcoming; for, if he fails to establish a conspiracy, he shall at once agply to the Insolvenit Debtors' Court, and thus defeat the object of the plaintiff and be a lesson to my son forhis folly. "Yours, &c., " S. SADLERL "P.S. I m ay observe my son is not possessed of any property of his own, but is dependent on 21e1; therefore no prudent or respectable party should have advanced the money on his secusity." It appeared that the biUl was for six weeks, and 101. w as kept for discount. Creelock stated that at the time he rocured the biU to be discounted ho was aware that Lethell had taken the benefit of the Insolvent Act. He did not at the time know either Brown or Sadler. He had since ascertained tbat Brown was a person living as he could, but he did not know where he lived. Young Sadler lived with the defendant, his father, who was a clothfactor in Ironmonger-lane. He had subpoenaed the defendant to prove or disprove his son's handwriting to the bill, as weU as to speak to his son's circumstances. After receiving the letter Creelock wrote to the defendant, demanding a public apology and a payment of expenses incurred. The plaintiff was a gentleman living in apartments. He had 61., and Creelock had 61. for the discount. Creelck received rents and moneys for Stephiens, and he discounted biUs with any money he had of his, Stephens knowing nothing of those matters until he received his account from Creelock, and in that account he gave him credit for 5o. as the discount for ihis bill. Creelock was to use his own discretion with respect to any moneys be had of his in his hands. Mr. CHANmEPS submitted that this letter, being written to the attorney of the plaintiff in the original action, was a privileged communication. The learned JUDGE, however, did not think this letter caine within the rule of privilege. Mlr. JAn.mss having summed up the evidence on the part of the plaintiff Mr. CBNMEnRS addressed the jury for the defendant, urging that theplaintiffstated that he left everything to Creelockl; but they would recollect that out of this bill two actions had arisen and the only quarrel in this case was about the costs. He urged that this case was a monstrous abuse of the law. HIad any damnage been sustained. because when the letter was received Creelock knew that his client was quite innocent, for he had transacted the whole matter himself, and the contents of the letter were only commnunicated to him ? The discount was pretty strong, Creelock getting 51. without any risk and then two actions. The bill was a suspicious bill, and must have been so known to Creelock, and when the present defendant, the father of the unfortunate acceptor, became aware of the circmnstances, and found himself subpoenaed to do his son al the injury he could, he gave vent to his real feelings, and it was enough to excite his indignation. he felt that the subpoena was an endeavour to scre'w out of him the money due upon this bill. The learned counsel then contended that the Ietter applied to the other parties to the bill, and not to the plaintiff, who was not known in the matter. Supposing the letter to be libelous, who ever heard of it ? lt was written to Creelock, and Creelock might have kept it to himself. No damnage whateverhadbeen sustained, and no damages ought to be given. The learned JUDGE summed up. Was the letter libellous, and if so was it pointed at the plaintiff; and then what damages ought to be given ? The .Jury retired to consider their verdict, and shortlyreturned, finding a verdict for the defendant, believing that he did not intend to libel the plaintiff. ARCHER V. THlE SOUTR-EASTEE2f RAILWAY COMAINY. Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Petersdorff were counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Serjeant Shee and Mr. Woollett for the defendant. This -was an action brought to recover damages for an injury wvhich the plaintiff had sustained by reason of the negligence of the defendants. The plaintiff was a foreman inthe employ of Messrs. Hill and Co., ironniasters at Dudley. Messrs. Hll and Co. had a contract with the Government for making carriages for caunon at the Royal Arsenal at Woolvich, and it was the duty of the plaintiff frequently to attend there. On Friday evening, the 7th of December last, the plaintiff took a second-class ticket at Woolwich for I.ondon. Upon arriving at New-cross, in consequence of some negligence on the part of some of the company's servants, an accident occurred, the carriages ran off the line and the plaintiff was most seriously injured. At first he was stunned, and afterwards it was ascertained that he had a concussion of the spine; he could hardly stand in an erect.posture, and it was now clear that he had sustained a spinal concussion which would be permanent and prevent his ever again working as he had been accustomed to do. The plaintiff formerly earned between 41. and 60. a-week, but now he was compelled to employ two or three other persons to assist him, to whom hewas obligedto pay large sums, so that he had now only 30s. a-week. He had already paid upwards of S0!. to medical men and nurses. The damages in the declaration were laid at 1,000l. The medical men stated that such an injury, in their oinion, decidedly might be permanent; but still it was possible that ]ie might be able to resume his duties. Paralysis fiequently was the result of accidents of this kind. It was admitted by the defendants that the iiijury had arisen through the negligence of their servants. MIr. Serjeant SinEs, for the defendants, said he was sure the jury would believe that the company had acted with every propriety in this matter. They had put the plaintiff to no trouble as to their liability, because they felt that one of their servants had been negligent. The company did not desire to reduce the damages unduly, but they submitted that the plaintiff ought not to have more than a proper compensation; and they thought the whole circ.- stances oight to be brought before a jury,in order that they might determne to what damages the plaintiff was fairly entitled. Mr. Just-ice COLERIDGE summed up. The only question was the amount of damages the plaintiff was entitled to. The principle was to put a man as nearly in the same position as he was in before, so far as money went The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff,-Danages, 4001. I
I COURT OF COMMONPLEAS, WEST3sm APR. AnL - RENDELL AND AN'OTHER V. T Ml1. Ij;lttzgJsin, kz2co, Oeforc ,Lcrc Chief Juqice JERVIS and JU4ltices CRESSWELL, CRoWDrER and WITLER) 'This wvas an action to recover damages for a fraudvlent representation by means of which the plainitiff was induced to suply a large quantity Xof stone for the building of a church. The action was fried at the Guildhall before Mr. Justice Crowder at the last sittings, when a verdict was found forthe plaintiflt damages 2401.- Mr. CHLAThERS, Q.C., nMv moved for a nev trial, or the grounds of misdirection and that the verdict was against evidence, and also in arrestof judgment sa- to reduce the damages. The plaintiffs, it appeared, are stone merchants, and the -defendant is an architect who was3 employed to build a church in Lancashire. A erson named Roberts was employed as the builder. The plaintiff contracted to furnish the-dsone, for whicih Roberts was to pay at the rate 'f Is. Gd. per foot. This contract went on forsaome time, when the defendant wrote to the plaintiffs that 700 feet of stone were required of a particular kind, which must be supplied at the e.xpanse of the incumbent, the Rev. r. Ireland. The stone was accordingly supplied and payment was demanded from Mr. Eireland and refused. The plaintls then sued Mr. Ireland, and, having failed in that action, brought the present action to recover damages for the frauidlent representation which had induced them to supply the stone and to sue Mbr. iland for thevalue of it. In arrest of judgment it was moved that the letter was merely a notice that Roberts would not be liable to pay for the stone, and that it was not a representation of azthorityfrom Ireland to order the stone. Rule nisi ganted. JOreSOxN V. GOSLflCG AND OTHERS. This was an action tried before the Lord Chief Justice at the Guildhall, wh!en a verdict was found for the plaintiff for 501. Mr. Serjeant BSrLES now moved to set aside that verdict and enter it for the defendant. The action was brought against seven defendants for money had and receivedL One of the defendants suffered judgment to go by default; the rest pleaded that they were never indebted. Against two of the latter there was no evidence, and the question was what was to be done under the circumstances under the 37th section of the first Commnon Law Procedure Act. The defendants were directors of a mine in Cornwall, on the cost-book principle, in which there were 12,000 shares at 11. eacb, and the plaintiff had had allotted to him 50 shares. The plaintiff protested against going on with the mine, a considerable number of shares not having been allotted, and brought his action to recover back his deposit, contending that the undertal;ing was an abortive one. The money subscribed turned out to have been paid into Lubbock's bank to the credit of four of the defendants, wha had pleaded "never indebted" along with the one who had suffered judgment by default, and two of the defendants had nothir,g to do with it. For the defendants it was submitted the plaintiff must be called, when MEr. Watson, Q.C., for the plaintiff, said he would amend and strikeout the names of the two defendants. I[e (Mr. Serjeant Byles) declined to. amend, on the ground thatthe one who had suffered judgment by default had done so on the implied condition of sharing his responsibilities with six other defendants; and the name of the one who had suffered judgmuent by default could not be struck out, beoause others had an interest in that judgment. R-ule itisi granted.
I COURT OF EXCHEQUER. WEDS-EDAY. APR1T. 16 I31UiFOflD V. THE OXFORD, WVORCESTER, A-ND WOLVERI -.. IMr1IPTON R,ILWVAY C031POM Y. Tuss was an action for an injury to the reversionary interest of tlle plainitiff to a certain house and property inWVorcester, by the erection of a engine-shed adjoining thereto and the making therein sundry great noises, whereby the premises in question were deteriorated in value. Atthe trial before Baron Bramwell it appeared that the business of the defendants, as carried on in the locus in quo, was open to an action by the tenant ; but none such had been brought, and it was objected that, as the nuisance was not the erection of the shed, but the nature of the use to which it was put, the case was not one in which any action would lie on the part of the plaintiff. His Lordship gave effect to this objection, and directed a verdict for the defendants. Mr. KEiAm now moved for a new trial,on the ground of misdirection, and that it ought to have been left to the jury to say whether, as the defendants evidently intended that their works in the shied should be of a permanent nature, the reversionary interest of the plaintiff had not been injured so as to confer a right of action. The CovuRT was of opinion that there was no ground to disturb the direction of the learned Baron; as, in order to confer a right to this action, the nuisance and injury complained of must be such.as were of a permanent character. This, however, was not so. The creation of a noise or a stink miglt well confer a right of action on a tenant in possession of premises, the enjoyment of which rmight be prejudiced thereby; but a noise and a stink were essentially and by nature not permanent, but temporary. For this broad reason the present action could not be sustained, for, though the alleged nuisance might affect the present yearly value, there was, in truth, no injuryto the reversion. The rule must therefore he refused. Rule refused accordingly. (Sittings at Nfisi Prius beforc Mr. Baron anLiRaL and Coza- aZon Juries.) The flist sittings in Easter Term at Nisi Prius were commenced to-day. The list contained one remanet and 56 new causes, 14 of the latter being undefended. GRAVE,S V. COOK. Mr. W%ordsworth appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Seijeant Figgot for the defendant. This was an action brouglt upon an I 0 U for 1001., alleged to have been signed by the defendant, and upon an account stated. The defendant pleaded never indebted, and that the cause of action did not accrue within sin years. It appeared that in 1852 a company, of which the plaintiff was the secretary,was started, called the Poltiniore Gold and Copper Mining Company, with the intention of working certan gold and copper mines supposed to exist upon the estate of Lord Poltimore,in Devonshire. The company was to be carried on on the cost-book principle, and, as they required funds to commence proceedings, it was arranged that the directors should each take 10011. qualifcation shares, which were to be paid for by an I 0 U, to be given to the secretay. The directors, including the defendant, had&accordingly given their I 0 Us for 100!. to the secretary, and it was upon the I 0 U so given by the defendant that this action had been brought. Witnesses were called in s Ipport of the plaintifi's case. The defence was that each of the other directors had received 100 shares as a present, which they had not paid for, and that now the directors wished to make the defendant pay for shares which he considered as a present. The de- fendant had never received one farthing from the mine, and the affair& of the company were now being wound. up. I Mr. Baron MARTI, in sumaing up, said that in his opinion the case-~was perfectly clear, for these gentlemen having entered upon a speculation required funds which it was agreed should be supplied by the I 0 U's given by the directors for their qualification shares. Under these circumstances the defendant had given his 0 0U, by which he was liable forlOOl. The jury immediately returned a verdict for the plaintiff for lOOh STURT V. BOSS. The declaration in this case charged the defendant with breaking into the plaintiff's house, assaulting the plaintiff, and causing him to be detained in a police station, and naliciously charging bin with obtaining money under false pretences and embezzlemuent. The defendant pleaded "sS-ot Guilty" and a justification. MIr. Charnock and Mr. Mt'E:nteer appeared for the plaintiff, and M1r. Edwin James for the defendant. appeared from the plaintiff's ease that both himself and t defendant were young men. The plaintiffhad formerly carried on business by himself as a ship and insurance broker, hat having got into difficulties he became ban;run~t. Subsequently he met with the defendant, who was in an insurance-offlce in the city, anditwas proposed that they should enter into partnership, the plaintiff to find the business and the defendant to find the money necessary for earrving it on. For some time things went on pleasantly enough, but, cash becoming short, the plaintiff was unable to vwait for his money until the accounts due to the firm were paid, and asked the defendant to advance him 21. per week. 'The plaintiff was very much pressed for money in November last, and, judgment havingpassed against him, he was in danger of being aIrested. le then again applied to the defendant for money, and the latter handed hum some wine arrants, which he told him to selL. These warrants were the property of the defendant alone, having been bought with his private money. The plaintiff did not get all the money which was agreed to be paidfor them at once, but a boalance of 7V. remained due. A few days after the plaintiff had offered to take 61. IOs. for cash, instead of the V., and having received that money had not handed it over to the defendant, noraccounted for it. Athalf-pastllo'clock onenight shortlyaftertwo policemen came tothie plaintiff's house, and nocked at the door. MIrs. Stulrt, thnking that they had come ,oarresther husband on account of the judgment, said he was not at home. They insisted upon coming in, however, and took the plaintiff into custody. He was taken to the defendant's house, and thence to a police station, where heremained all night. He was brought before a magistrate the next morning and charged with embezzlement. At the request of the defendant he was remanded for a week, but at the end of that time the defendant withdrew the charge. This action had then been brought. Witnesses were called in support of this statement. The defence was that the plaintiff was not really a partner, but had only received a commission, in addition to his salary of 21. per week. The defendant had employed the plaintiffto sell the wine warrants, and the latter had not accounted for the proceeds. Under these circumstances; it was contended the defendant was justiSied in the course he had taken in the matter. MIr. Baron MASRTO, in summing up, said it appeared to him that there was a certain amount of trath in what both of the parties had stated. In his opinion, the plaintiff was a sort of half-clerk and half-partner, inasmuch as he had half of the profits of all the business he brought into the concern. He would not thus be a clerk within the meaning of the act of Parliament, so as to make his act of not accountingifor the money he received amount to embezzlemnent. They would therefore find their verdict for the plaintiff; with such dansages as they considered him entitled to. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff,-Damages, 101. EXCBIEQUER CHAMBERP, AMrn 16. (Sittings in Error. Prescnt-lte LORD CHEbF JUSTICE of the CoseaeoN PLEAS, the CEEF B.{RON of the Bxchcquer, Justices CREsSWELL, CROarTON, a7nd CROWDER, and Basons ALDERSON, MLARTIN, and BRm%WELL.) The foilowing days were appointed for holding Sittings in Error :-On cases from the Court of Queen's Bench, on Thursday and Friday, the 1st and 2d of May; from the Court of Common Pleas, on Friday and Saturday, the 9th and lQth of May; and from the Court of Exchequer, on Monday, the 12th of Mayy.
IZMMYENT DEBTORS COUBT, Apri 1G. TV RT. APRTTTTTh TTVTT.PTV VATA4AW (Bcfore Mr. Commissismer MURPHY.) This insolvent, a young man, who applied under the Protection Ac-t, was opposed by Mr. Reed for a person named Harding; Mrs. Ifoyd, the wvidow of a tailor in Polandstreet, ppeared in person; M£r. Hughes supported. The insolvent, who had assumed the title of " the Rev. W. Arhur," admitted, after a caution from the learned Commissioner to be respectful in his manner, that he believed;he was under 21years of age, andtherefore a question was raised whether a minor could petition under the Protection Act. The cases cited in .Afcwrce's ITssoltenjcy rraetioc were referred to, with the view of showing that an infant was not entitled to the benefit of the act, as he clearly was not iuder the Prison Act. It was the first case, and involved an important prindiple. Mr. Harding was called upon to -prove his debt, in order to miove the question, and be stated that the insolvent had promised to raise him 500l., and obtained several sums of money, but allegd that the person, Mr. Archer, who was to bane advanced the money, had died. It turned out that Mr. Harding, although not entered in the schedule as a creditor, hEd obtained a judgment, and -wasinapositionto take him in EsKecution; he bad not pleaded. This fact induced the Commissioner to pause whether he should dismiss the petitin on the legal question, ancd the case proceeded, as it wa, intimated that there were.othercircumstancesto show that the insolvent vas not entitled to protection. Mr. Hardiag stated that lie had advanced his money on tue promise of the insolvent to procure him5001. The insolvent, on hiis examindation, stated that be te ok the name of " the Rev. W. Arthur" in Aiugust, 1854. He had been secretary to the Army Reform Association, and was a Dissenting mlinister. He was agent to two insuraneeoffices, the Uiiity-office and the Professional Life-office, and had been fonnerly a clerk, but he refased to state to whom. He had not advertised as the Rev. W. Arthur of C'rist Churlh College, Oxford. He had, he said, a surpiice of Mrs Lloyd's foreman when he wvas about to join the Irv:i.ite nususery. Mr. Archer, from whom lie was to raise money, was dead. He had apartments in Pembroke. terraee, Caledonian-road, and took the British Schoolroomn in Denmark-terrace for a chapel, hut had not paid the rent. HIe had officiated there as a Dissenting minister. He did not get 201. from a lady as a donation, but a lady gave him and his wife 201., on which and what his wife earned as an enmbroidress they had lived. He had hired an organ, for which lie had not paid. He had heard of Mr. Thomas Nichols, of Oxford, and lied written an account of a friend of his, about "opening a refonmed church in London, which never came to pass." He had not asked for 201. (A letter was put in evidence to the effect that money was required.) 'The scheme never came to anything to get up a "reformed" church. One went cue way and another a different way. He got notling, but ather a loss in postage and writing letters to parties. Mr. REnE submnitted that this was not a case ever intended for the Protection Act. Mrs. Lloyd and her foreman gave evidence. The debt was 6!. vs. for clotlhes; 21. ls. wvas paid. A surplice was (rdered. The insolvent said he had shares in railvays and ther matters. He said he was a clergyman of Chlist Church, Oxford, and going to be a Dissenting minister. He had a urliece mnade according to the Oxford mode, where he said be had been educated. Mr. Commissioner MYuPrn gave his opinion on the case. It was not his intention to dismiss the petition on the legal point. It appeared to him that the insolvent had pursued a systematic course of fraud towards Mr. Harding, whom he had been "feeding" with the belief that a Mr. Archer was to advance him money. This case would go forth to the public, and show the lamentable disclosures that had taken place; how that persons with a sanctimonious appearan ce and a retended religions character could impose en the public, and how cautious they ought tobe of such persons, not to be gulled by their appearance of sanctity and reli"ious pretence,when they were, mn fact, wolves in sheep's clot%3ing, seeking to entrap the unwary. This petition would be dismissed for fraud. The petition was dismissed, and the insolvent arrested and taken to Whitecross.street Prison.
MIDDLtlESEX SESSIOAS. Api-il 16. (Before Ar. PASIILEY, Q.C., -Assiant-Judge.) Edward Duncombe, 63, was indicted for having unlaArfully sold indecent and obscene urints. 3Iary Elliott, 44, of llolywell-street, Strand; Thomas Bosworth, 44, of the same; Richard Eglinton, 51 (indicted as John Dngdale), also of the same; and Thomas Ward, 53, of Castle-street, Leicester-square-all described as publishers-were separately indicted for the Like offence, and pleaded "Guilty." MIr. Clarkson was counsel for tle prosecution, which was instituted by the Society for the Suppression of Vice; Mfr. Parry appeared for Duncombe, and M r. Metcalfe was instructedon behalf of Eglinton, otherwise Dugdale. From the evidence given in the case of Duncombe it appeared that a person engaged by the Society for the Suppression; of Vice went to the defendant's shop in Little St, Andreows-street, Seven-dials, and asked for a book of songs of a certain description, which the defendant sold him, and then asked if he wanted any worlks of an amorous character, as he had some on hand. He at once said he would purchase some if they suited him; the defendant then produced some books, one of which he handed to the witness and asked tvo guineas for it. After a little parleying he agreed to take oOs. for it, and gave him a catalogue of works of the same nature. It was for selling that boo}jthat the defendant was indicted. Before the wvitness went into the shop his pockets ware searched by Sergeant Thomas of the F division to see that lie had no book about him, and when he came out he immediately handed the book in question to the offices-, who was waiting in the street, and botlh marked it with their signatures. The jury founid tho, defendant Guilty. M-r. CLAR1rs0N said, the defendant had been five times convicted of this offence, and on the last occasion the indictment was removed, at the prisoner's instance, by certiorari to the Court of Queen'sBench, in which court, on conviction before theLord Chief Justice, he was sentenced totwoyears' imprisonment, and lie had not long been discharged ere he recommeneed his former practices, the consequence being that the society had to take measures to prevent his continuing to do so. Mr.PAeRRY sal 'the truth was 'that when this offence was committed the defendant was in a state of the most deplorable and abject poverty, or he would not have sold the book. After a short conversation with the learned counsel, The ASS5STA,T.JuDGO said he should not pass judgmtnt onany of the defendantsthen, but should refer to what had beenthe usual practice of the Court in such cases-not that he intended it to be understood that he should be entirely guided by that;* but, for his owvn infornation, he w-ished to know w.hat had been done in fonner~ cases. Fromn the nature of the offence, the hoo!;s being sold at extravagatly high price;, he Thoughlt a fine should form part of the sentence; hig and he shoild therefore require to be informed as to the ability of the parties to pay, if ines were inflicted. Mfr. LTcAcLFE urged,ithat Eglinton had been engaged in the traffic in these books only for a very short time, and that he had been sorely afflicted. He mentioned the name of a highly respectable firm -where his client had been employed until a very recent peiiod. Duncombe in the dock made an affidavit in mitigation of his case, and it was handed to the Court. The ASSISTAT-JUDGE said he would consider it, and the defendants were then removed. Robert Rendall was indicted for an assault. Mr. Clarkson was for the prosecution; Mr. Ballantine and Mr. Parry for the defendant. The case was arranged, and, no evidence being given, the jury returned a verdict of NVot Gujilty. It was stated that the defendant and the prosecutor were cbiropodists; they had quarrelled, but for the fature there would be no molestation. (Before Mar. CBEASY.) William. Atkinson and lichard Aylott were indicted for stealing a sack of flour, value 31. 2s., the property of George :uElwood, their master, a miller at Chelsea, and William Blackwell, a baker at Fulham, was indicted for feloniously receiving the same, Inowing it to have been stolen. Mr. Parry and Mr. Salterprosecuted; Mr. Horry appeared for Atkinson; -r. Ribton, for Aylott; and lMr. Metoalfe, for Blackwe)L. The case was very complicated, andlasted nearly all dav. The resalt was an Acquittal as to Aylott and Blackwell, Atkinson was found Guilty, and, aftergiving him a suitable admonition, Mr. CRxasy sentenced him to sin monthe' hard Labour.
POLICE. GunaiiALL-Alfred F'rederick Compere, a Lad, apparently about 15 years of age, was charged with the following offence:- John Wheeler, said he was manager in the warehouse of Mr. Walker, needle manufacturer, of 2No. L, Gresham-street west. The prisoner had. been in Mr. Walker's service as errand boy about nmie days, and about a quarter-past S o'clock on Tuesday evening witness was closing the varehouse after every one, except the prisoner, had left, wheh he was surprised at finding that the loclk, which was one of Chubb's patent sprin- locks, would not allow the door -to shut. He looked at tie lock and the catch, and discovered that the screws of the latter had been drawn and nails substituted for them, and went upstairs for a light, leaving the prisoner in the warehouse, and when he caine downstairs again he found that the prisoner had taken out one of the nails from the catch, and on being asked for it he produced a different nail to that which the witness niissed. Mfr. Walker then came in, and the catch was again secured. Iu the morning, when the prisoner came to work, he was searched by IPackmnan, the officer, and the three screws which were missing from the catch were found upon him. There were no other screws li;e them in the warehouse. A noise had been heard in the warehouse earlier in the evening, and shortly after the prisoner camne upstairs and accounted for his being downstairs by saying that he 'went to fetch water, which had already been taken up by some one else on the establishment. The prisoner did not account for the screws being in his possession, neither did he produce them on the Iprevous evening, although they had some difficulty in findI ig screwvs to fasten the catch. ! Sir RI. X. CAXDES inquired if witness thought the pri|soner's object was to rob the premises 9 Witness said, he had no doubt of it, because the door could be very easily pushed open from without if the cathi had been ixed only with nails. Packnuan, a detective officer, said, he believed if it had not been discovered that the lock had been tamnpered with there would have been a very serious robbery that night, as there was a large quantity of very valuable property on the premises. Sir Rt- W. CARDEN said, it was evidently a deeply laid scheme to rob Mr. Walker's warehouse, and he recommended the nrisoner to give his master every information if, as he pei9eved, he (the prisoner) was connected with others more designing, who were making a tool of him for their own --in. The Driainer was then remanded. Eliza Davis, a good-looking young Jewess, vas charged with stealing a gold -watch, value6l., fromthe person of Mr. Hassan, of 4, Worship-street, Fmsbury. It appeared that the prisoner accosted the prosecutor in Farringden-street on Tuesday night, and drew him into the Wbeitsheaf-yard, where they had some conversation together. They had not been there many minutes when a man came up and took hold of the prosecutor's arm, with the view of detaining him while the prisoeaer made her escape, which she attemipted. On her running away the prosecutor's suspicions were aroused, and he missed his wvatch, upan winlch he threwe the man off and ran after the prisoner, -who immediately gave up the watch, but the ring of it had 'been broken awray. Sir It. W. OARnnsw said it wvas a most daring highw.ay robbery, and committed the prisoner for triaL BOw-a-SzvET.-Henry Harris, wearing a heavy moustache and fuill beard, describing himself as a captain in the army, and giving his address at the Conservative Club, -was charged with obtaining a coat value 31., and 71. in money, from Messrs. Matthewvs and Co., waterproofers, 6S, Charingcross, by means of a forged check. In answer to the Magistrate, The prisoner admlitted that he did not live at the Conservative Club, but at York-chambers, Duke-street, and that he wvas not at rrresent in the army. He had been a captain in the German Legion, and had been promised a commission in the ilithornle MIilitia. Job Goody, ehopmau to Messrs. Matthews and Co., stated that on the 12th inst. prisoner called and selected a water,proof coat, which he desired should be kept for him till the following Tues?ny, and then sent home. He gave his addrass, " LieutenHat Harris, 31, North-bank, Regent's Park." On Tuesdayv however, he calledagain, and saidhe would take his coat and give a check. Hle wrote out a check for IO0., .nd witness gave him the change, 71. Ultimately he went away taking tLe coat -with hlim. The check wmas drawvn on Messrs. Cox and Greenwood's, Craig's-court. Witness presented it the next morning (yesterday), and found that there were no effects. Sergeant Smnith, of the detective force, said that, from information he had received, he apprehended the prisoner on this and some other charges at about 2 o'clock that afternoon. He found the prisoner at Messrs. Collier's livery stables. Prisoner said, the checks had been presented before the days they bore date. Mr. HESxwY--Bnt this one is dated the 15th of ApriL The prisoner.-Yes, I have made a blunder with that one. In fact, I shall had soine money this afternoon-about 4001. The witness, in continuation, stated that he found on the prisoner four similar checks -which he now produced. Two of these were dated the 15th of April, one from No. 2, Si, James's street, the other from the Victoria Hotel The other two -were dated the 14th of A pril Alfred Frederic Edaunds, clerk at Mlessrs. Cox and Greenwood's, said that the prisoner had no account there. Witness did not even know him by sight. In the cheek assed to Mr. Goody he signed himself as of the "24 Elthorne MEIitia." There -was no such regiment in existence, -there vvas but one Elthoime regiment. A remand was applied for on the ground that there were several similar charges against him, in -which the parties vere not in attendance, not having had sufficient notice. Mr. BnLER inquired if the prisoner had anything to say5 Prisoner.-Only that I am perfectly innocent. Having money to receive to-day or to-morrow, it is only a debt. MWr. HsNrY assured the prisoner that he was mistaken on that point. The prisoner.-I have the opinion of another maeistrate. Well, wil you accept bail'? 'ir. HENERY declined to do Eo. The prisoner.-Or let me have a policeman down at my abode? Mr. HENR;.-N-O; you must be taken down like auy other prisoner. The prisoner wras accordingly remanded in custody, to his manifest surprise and iiiortification. MARYLEBoXE.-Josiah Miilis a druinuner in the band of the East Middlesex Militia, nas charged wvith having stolen a gold watch, chain, seal, and key, value 201., the property of Mrs. Eliza Brunell, wife of William Brunell, Narro w- street, Limehouse. It appeared from the evidence of Mrs. Burrell, that she, Nwith her husband, had lately been on a visit at the Fox and Crown, Eighgate, the propriet.or of which was a relation. On the previous night there wvas a concert, vocal and instrnmental, at the house, .ad the prisoner was one of the performers. She (Mrs. Brunell) retired to bed with her husband betw een 2 and 3 'clock in the mornin, and when she arose at 9 o'clock she nishsed from a sideboard in her bedroom her gold watch, &c.; she then gave information of her loss to the police. Other evidence was adduced showing that the prisoner had, after the performance, been permitted to sleep in a room in the house, and that at lOin the morning (yesterday) Sergeant Holder, 32 S, was communicated with respecting the robbery. He repaired at half-past 10 to the house, the Eolly-hush Inn, at which the prisoner was quartered, and beneath the bed and palliasse he found the wvatch and appendages. The property was produced, and identi£id by Mrs. Brunell, and the prnsoner sas remanded till Monday next. Three men, namned MrKenelly, Rands, and Ockerfell, -who bad been captured by Cook, 1 D, -were brought up for furtber examination, charged w%ith having been concerned in knocking dowvn and robbing Mr. Judge, a builder, in Salestreet, Paddington, of 31. 10s. in gold. Some particulars of what previously transpired have already appeared. The prisoners were all committed for trial. WFVSTalMRTER.-Elizabeth Riggs, a poor, attenuated, wretched-looking girl, apparently about 1S or 19 years of age, wvas charged with wilfully damaging the door of S. 31argaret's and St. John's Workhouse, Westminster, by throwing stones at it. Henry Dyer proved seeing the defendant and four or five others commit the offence alleged. Thomas Maggs, the master of the -workhouse, said that defendant had been a nightly lodger there at intervals for the last 12 months. He hadTrecently given her orders for admission into their workhouse at Kensington for 10 successive nights. The damaa7 done to the doo; whlvich had been fresh painted, amounted to 4s. Defendant. in reply to the charge, said, that she had been out during the three last nights, and had nothing to eat. She had not appEed at the relief office since Saturday, when she was re searelief; and she then stopped at the workhouse door until half-past S o'clock, but they would not take her in. Her name was taken at 5 o'clock on Tuesday for a night's lodging, and then she was refused it and was left to wander the streets again. The 3faster of the workhouse said that he did not see her at the door at the time he gave orders for admission into Kensington Workhouse. Had she remained quiet untilhalf-gast 8 o'clock at night she would have been-taken in. She danot apply to him for admission. Defendant said she saw- the porter, who told her he could not give her an order, nor take her in. Mr. oLD said, he coulld not dealwith her in the ordinary way under the peculiar circumstances of the case; and if it were trae that she wasto be taken in at half-past 8, it would have been as well for the person who, according to her accomunt, spoke to her, if he had told her that she woud be received at tha' time. She had asked, she said, on Saturday for the relief of which she stood in so much need, and had been refused, and, encountering another refusal on Tuecday night, had, it seemed, become much excited. It appeared to him that there was averystrong desire to resort to every means to avoid the liability to give relief. The Master said, that he gave more orders than the workhouse would actually hold, and that the conduct of persons like defendant in throwing stones and using the worst of language vas commonly complained of by the neigh. bourhood. Mr. ARILOLD said, that the proper way to abate the nuisance complained of was to relieve the poor people. If a person came in a necessitous state, relief should be afforded. eople were encouraged to come to the worl;house by orders being given there for admission inted of making their applications in a proper w.ayto the relieving officers;- and a certain amount of confusion was consequently created. It was very vrong for paupers to conduct themselves in this way, but one could hardly wonder at such conduct when theywere driven by want, desperation, and destitution to do anything. The worthy magistrate then told the defendant that she had acted very wrongl ,and ordered her to enter into her own recoguizances to keep the peace for the next three months. SOUTHWAkR1.-Mary Ann Leonard, a well-dressed womau, 30 years of age, was charged with unlawfully being at large before the expiration of the term for which she was sentenced to penalservitude. Afterhertrialand conviction she was placedin the infirmary of the Surrey county gao`, to attend upon anunfortunate woman namedHarriet Rider, who was trned for murdering her infant, at No. 12 Onslow. terrace, Lorrimore-road, Walworth,by drowning it in a pan of water while abouring under a fit of insanity, and who was acquitted on those grounds, and ordered to be kept in custody during Her Majesty's pleasure. The prisoner contrived to elude the vigilance of the officers and get out of the gaol by disguising herself in a portion of the outer wearng apparel of a friend who was Xowed to visit Mrs. Rider. The prisoner, who is well known as connected for some years with a gang of omnibus thieves, manged ta evade the officers of justice until Monday, when she was -apprehended at Iiiverpool, whence she was about to sail for the Iunited States. ,Mr. Solomon appeared for the prisoner. Mr. John Keene, governor of the Surrey county gaol in forsemonger-lane, said,-I had the prisoner committed to my custody on the gth of August last from Ainbeth police-court. She was tried at the adjourned quarter sessions for the county on the 20th of August for stealing, on the 7th of that month,inan Atlas omnibus, a portemonnsie, containig 61. lOs., from awoman named Sully, and, being found guilty, sentenced to six years' penal servitude. I produce a copy of that conviction in the handwriting of Mr. Woronzow Greig, clerk of the peace for the county of Srurey. I identify the prisoner as being the person mentioned in that conviction. By lr. Solomon.-I was not in the court when she was tried and convicted; but I produce the order of the court;. and the original calendar, describing her name and conviction ;andl held her on that authority. I have a witness in attendance, who apprehended her in LiverpooL MIr. COuEB-What have you to show that she had no right at Liverpool ? IMr. Keene.-She escaped from my custody after conviction, after I had reported her convictiontothe Home-office. Mr. Co3N1E.-When did she escape? Mr. Keene.-On the l9th of February last. Mr. Cmcwrs.-low was it she was not removed to undergo her sentence before that? Mhr. Keene.-I did not receive the order for her removal to Mlibank prison from Sir George Grey until the 7th inst., and then she was not in my custody. Thomas Richards, a superannuated detectivesergeant of the M division, said, -Iam nowa detective constable on tha Brighton Railway. I know the prisoner to be the nerson mentioned in the certificate. I was present at her trial on the 20th of Augast last, at the Surrey sessions, -when she was convicted for picking pockets in an omnibus, and sen. tenced to six years' penal servitude. Henry Iurphy, a detective inspector of the Liverpool police, said,-I received information of her escape from lIorsemonger-12ne gaol, and on Monday night last Iwent to a house in Rill-street, Liverpool, where I saw the prisoner inbedwithaman. Icalled herbyname, andtold herto get p, when she said her name was Jackson, and the man was her husband. I said that I 3new her to be Mary Leonard, who had escaped from Horsemonger-lne gaol, and that I should take her into custody. I then tookher to the station-house, when she exclaimed, "Let me go at liberty, as I am going to Aanerica with my husband." I immediately communcated with 3r. X3eene, the Goverenor of Horsemonger-lane Gaol, by telegraph, and last nigtht broulght the prisoner un to LJondon. Mr. COaiE (to Mr. Solomon).-Have you any questions to ask these witnesses ? Mr. Solomon.-I have not, Sir. My client and her husband had paid for their passages to America, whither they were going the day she was apprehended, consequently the passage-money was lost; therefore I ask your worship to order the constable to deliver up what money she had when taken into custody. M1r. CommE.-1 shall commit her for trial at the next Old Bailey sessions, and I order the money to be restored to her. The witnesses were then all bound over to prosecute, and the prisoner was committed to Newgate for trial,
LA TV NOTICES.-(TJ,s Day.4 COlRT OF CHANCERY, I o2oo's-iN.- -At half-past Io (Before the LoaDS JUaCarSM.) Lppeal Motiona.-Drew v. Shedden. pa theard-Paxton v. Newton -King V. Savery-Cokev. Fnipp3-Bliso0 v hlipps. ROLIS' COURT, CwNcEB.ERY :_-At 10. Remaminng petitions, 1L. By Order.-Saunders v. Baypool-BaYPool v. Sadgwre. Causes, &e.-Andrews'vs rlndal-Thomnpson v. Finch-lainw - Cowan-Edwards v. Crichton-AIden v. Stm-Morris v. Owens. N.B. His Honour wil rise alt half-past 1 o'06clc VICE-CH XCELLOrs COURTS. Immos'sne?rAt 10. (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir R. T. Kt1tDERaXLY.) Cau-es, fr-Deek v. Stanhope (4). part heard-Everist v. -Eerist, part heard-Warnerv. Willlingtoa-Blunt v. Lack-De Whtv .' oseley-P'itt v. Pitt-3L-ayhew v. IfEckenzie-Hirtzel v. Yelvertou. tcforeVlce-Chaneeuor SirJ. SBrUAIT.J Causes, &c.--Collinze v. }ght (4Stronge *v. Hawkes-1'aver v. Shearley-South v; 9 arle-Dcbues v-. Bckett-Reddi3h T. Feras (3)_ Brook r. BiddaUl-Atttorney-Gcetaers v.roft-Bradcy r. PRaynerWright v. Wills-Watson v. .Munay (2)-Backhouae v. Wylde (29. The Court will ris atBalf-poast 1 o'lock. (Before Vice-Chancellor SireW. r. WOD. Calees, oa.-Bigaenden v. Rennets, part heard-Scean r. Marshaewcomen v. Chase-Anuol s. Mayor,&c.. of Gravesend-Barnard v. Bagabsv and the Lel:c BathurT t MeiningBCoadpanTl.elrave rt andanth-rris v. Hoop s-ar r. Eatorbo ooley-5ylt0n The Courts of Qoeen' Bench, Common PleAas, and Rxcheqiuerwti sit 5n Banco at Westmin.ster at 10. COJuRT OF QUEEN'S BENCU Wga nsTrM-At 1A Cleinentsou anda v Cob n,partheauri d Floyd, indefeuded-H{armswvorth v-. boey-Itobnson v. Piffard-. Jack-son v-. Barhain-Sturgis (assignee, &c.) a-. Alhinolo-~Ba,-tlct r~ Wimter and another-Wal-ice v, reploe-BallArd v. RoQ j-Bvttson and another v. Hooper. CO SEI F O EXCHEQOUER, WRED Liot-su Middlesbes Common Juries. Goren v-. :lckiing-Bias v-. Parr-Brson v, I,loyd-?ifacellv* 13enmnent-Gipps v'. Tyler-Dowoon r-. F5rth-A^i .}5d Roberts v. Buat-Toinkins v. Atlna. lid SflERIPFSt COIJRT. RE3 LSO50A1SQE. At lt.-Rutter v. Vokins-Breavington v. Spittle-Brafordqe. Padmore- Gibson v. Rymell-Dancocks v. Harrison. ROLLS' CHAMBERS, CHascCERY-LA, AtoR. -At IL-Honywell v.Woodroffe-Draytona-. Danlt-l-D.umby V. Hotham-Hartley T. Ostler-Garner v. Hanmynton-Bamnes v. Castleman-Sandersonv T. Bockett-Halstead v-. Slater-Gregoa- r- Sturgis-Hall v. Hall. At half-past 2I.-Re Johnson-Forwier v Cohn-Re Cresswell-Bent v. Buckley-Grace -. Bynltou-Hartv Carey-Cox v. Farrel. Re Hollier at 12-Re Drakelery at half-past 12-Brrf ord v. James, at half-past i2rooks v. Oiver. at 1-t'ave v. Cave, at half-past 1-Ballard V. Bennett at 2-Freama v. Dowling, at 2-Harford v. Criddle, athalf-past2-ReArber, at3-Attomey-General v. Heytesbury Hospital. aS3-Attor nc3-Generalv.TJohseon,i. Lt Z. -Neale v. Stewart, at half-past 10. At IL-Pearson v. Tulk-Sharp y. Nacanlay-Pedderv .edder. Aithalf-past.11-Thompsonv. Beattie -A. B. Smith v. Smith-Neale v Petty-Neale v. SiUth-Scawin -. Jordan-lT-ugley -. Parka-n-Williams v-. Evans. Re . elson, Sea Voyage Compauy. at 12-6Simonds v. Bigs at half-past 12-WVythe v. Bo,;ker. at 1-Suitton v. Dowu-ham, at 1-Pyncomb Charity, at halfpastl-Scott a-~ Scott, at half-past 2-Richardson v. Richardlson, at3 -Weadon v-. lillington, at half-past 3-Tracy v. Bainbr-idge, at halfpast3. VIC1E-_CHAEIJRS' CHLA BXERS, LhNCOWN'S-Ms. I ViC4ehanCellor 1Coa-DMa-'sL' Chaml,r Holmes v. Holmes, at haLf-pas 10. At 11-Chaffere v. GoochBeechlng a-. I,-yd-Sced v.. _Tc-jarke v. Marke-Smitha v. LudlowRe T%dway. W-u'hv. linettt, athalf-passt Il-Attoney-(kairal T. lovelace. at half-past I-looer v. Greelle (2), at 12-Richard-on v. Richardson, at l2-Paulet v.Jackson (2), at l2-Withain v. Gilsamun, athalf-past L2-E1vaus v. Lo:mbe. at a-Quarter to I-Gardiner v. Slater at 1-Langiton v Burton. at I-Swreeting v. Swecting, at half-past I- Alder -. Short (2), at a-quarterito2--Co5eld v. Poole, at 2 and 3- 'SGiI v. Shuter, at half-past 2-Re Gerard's Settlement, at half- (Vice-Chancellor Srup.kVs Chambers.) A to R.-Da Combc v. Gritrths, at half-past 10-Arnold v. Ba'mbrigge, at 11-Kiu.geord va. Ball, at IL At heir-pat n.-Joncs r, Parry-Cunuingbami v. Hay-Goddard U. Gee. At 1Z-1.odSon v- Slover-BEcyd's Trust-Bird v. SearelL Attorney-General v. Day, at 1 -Hawkins -. Gardiner, at 2--Bartnun v. Ford, at 3-Goldsmith T. Paiba, at a-nqarter to 4. L to Z.-Moss T. Moss, at half-past 10Smth av. Smyth. at half-past 10 to 11. At 11.-Scotland v. OnslowTaylor v. Hansell-Nelson r. Booth-Warren T. Warren. Faxon a. paxon, at a-quarter to ll to half-past 11-WViams v. Sturgis, at halfpast Il-Sraith v. Marchant. from 12 to half-avst 12-Lett v. RandalL at haif-pspt1-In reWickeis. at 1-San cey v. Sayer, from bait-past 1 to 3-Woodv. Ordish. Uat 3-Mlacrae v- Ellrton, at haf-past 3-Lockwood v. Wheelwright, at half-past 3. (Vice-<'hancellor WooD's Chambers.) A to K-At IL-famtes T. Horlick-Creoss-ell v. Hankins-Fother. gill v. Wlayne-Hart v. Bradford-Haynes v. Forohaw-Hartlcy . Balleley-Denison -. Avison -Clarke v. ZottL Beesto-. Beestoa, at half-past ll-.ough v. Davien. at 12-Buckley v. Cooke, at 12-Nicholson v. Davies, at 1-Blackbunm v. Evans, at 2-Birch, To:, &c, Mining Company, at 2and 3. L to Z.-At IL-M-'Culiock v. Gregory (4)Varley v..lWina-Sarale v. Robinson-Morgan v. Nicholls. At halfpast 11-Re Storck-Bockhmann v. Chalmers-Re Pantagraphic, e, Company-Ledwvard. v. Hassells, at 12-Re Warman, at half-past 12Siaclk -. Bell, at 1-Lawton v. King, at2-Spensley v. WiVson, at3. MASTERS' OFM,CES, SoluTuAA=I'o2--1uriLDr;co.. (Beforc Master Sir G. Ross.) Groves v. Tuc'eer-Attor.ney-Gcneral v. Ludlow-Wagstatr v. Burnban-fMorrison v. F. rrison -Birch v. Price-Wilson v. Becldard. (Before Mlaster ItcIAxs)AB.) Watson r. Bentham-Sda,ter v. TriPp-Brown v. Oakshott-Ridg. way v. CaeaC-Vailis v. Sarell-Royal Rank of justralia, at half- (Before 3laster THu xmty } lier v. Nfadean, at I1°Ev.art v.%Willams, at 2. ' Beforc the CiIEF, CLlRX.) Davis v. BBAton, atl11 ard 12. - Before 3Iadter HIIOPIIRy.) Thflhps -v. Sloan-Dudley's Charnty-CoUihs T. Oox-Cotgrraire v. Walhnley-Griffin v. S .organ-Clarke v. Chatfield-ULghton v. i.ghton -Conme! v. Forttw;ie. BANK3RUPTCY COURT, BAsnoamu.srp.m:x. (Before Mr. Commissioner Ev-Ars.) J. Standen-adjourned certificate at 11. A. Ian;gord-choie of asignees at IL T. Cooper-last examination at 12. Pilley-choioe of assignees at 12. IL Barnes-audit and examination at L J. Bretzcboice of assignees at I. Cruteliley (of Bturton and Coumpany*aadjournedexamination at 2. IINSOLVEN'T DEBTORS' COUtRT. PoTuusA1r-srRm (Before Mr. COmmissioner PHrLLu-At1L1 Original Protection.-C. Carter, G. I. Salisbury, W. Crockford. J. Snelling. For Protection.-R. Sutton. Advertisement.1-Mrs. S. C. Hall's mewvol., " 'YpBAr; l'a esand Sketchesti6 j s containing charming tales by this most Ipular authores, nowv dret collected and revised for the Amusing Bibrary," Flrice only 2. 3fn. Hsl'sxame has acquiredso great a eelebrityboth here and a d, that thi mvoL canot but protO a smiversal favourite. Aaagiftbooklt iaiside. v m ti*be&it}. fullyprinted and embellished, and may be bad in elegnt cloth (pOiC free) for hal-a.croavi-.-ambert and Co., 462, Ne v Oxford-street. ai at all railwvays.
EMLAYD. OPENING Op TERM. frRom ock OWN CG1tRFSrOIS-Dr-N-T-) DUBLIN, WEp-,E.,SAY MORNWnG. Easter 'aerm was opened yesterday with the usual foifldities and with some rather unusual share of locl bustle, if not general excitement. The ahlto\lan5cment that Mtr. Justice Keogh was for the frs time to take his seat upon the bench uttsncted an irnuense, indeed an overflow'iug aujdieace, a great janrt of whiclh was consposed of the fair sex. Uptz the right hon. gentleman amaking Eiis appearance in the hall he -was favoitoedl with a weception wliiuh must have afforded a=ple 'coinpenbation fd nil the *abuse that has been poured upon Ihis 'head, and ulpoU that of the Ge-vernanent nihi*-h appointed him. M1r. Keogh, in his judiciRlIe4bes, instead of being a mark for popular 'odium, 'as cheered to the very echo by the dense ;crowil vrhom ciuriosity had attracted to the hail to witness his debzit. But the manifestation did not ,entl 'here; another ovation awaited hiim in the Co-ut of Common Pleas, and the moment he 'entered and made his bow he was greeted with a .fresh cheer, the heartiness of which atoned in a .grunt measure for the absence of-dignity and the singular novelty of the whole spectacle. The recep':tion of the newly appoiuted Attorney-General, too, -wn-as, if uot so enthlusiastic as that .given toMIr. Justice Keogh, estremely warr, and -the learned gentleman v.was congratulated on his elevation by his professional 'brethren of all politico-religious creeds. 1.E MIRDER OF 31nS. KELLY. The adjotuned inquest was resumed yesterday, but the inquiry has so farfailedtotthrow anymaterial ]ight upon the affair, vhich still remains, for anything that is known of the real aassssins, involved in mivstery. It may be remembered that the witness on the opening of the inuciest was a youmg girl, lvho was emp'loyed in picking stones in the field at the mnioment of the murder. Her evidence is corroborated in all essential particulars by a second vwitness, also a young girl, about the age of 16. There is a slight discrepancy, howvever, in the testimony of the two; for w-hile the first, on seeing the murderers, observed to MBIrs. Kelly, " Don't be afraid, ma'am," as though she wvere not aware of their intention, the second witness states that, inunediately on seeing tlhe assassins cloaked and masked approach their victim, all the girls working in the field, the witness among the numnber, ran off terrified. This was the only other witness examined yesterday except the doctor,who hadisodifficultyin accountmigforthe caLse of death. The jury returnedthe follouving verdict.- "We find that the deceased, Sarah Kely, eainne by her death on Tuesday, April S, on the townlaiad of Ballinderry, parih of Kilcornireagh, and barony of Clonlonan, county .neath , from gunshot wtounds infdicted by hvo persons lmlniown ; and wre fuirther find that the said twio p)ersons are guilty of the m ilful murder of the said Sarah Klley." The subjoined interesting report of tlle concluision of the proceedings is supplied by the Freeman's Journalt . "3r. Heron said, before the jury vere discharged he wished to ascertain what course the coroner intended to pursue wvith referentce to Mr. Strevens, against whoma there was no charge. Was it to be Dresumed that he would be at once discharged from custody ? T hne Coroner replied, that this was not a matter for bim at all He had nothing to do with Mr. Strevens. He had come there to incquire as to the cause of l Kelly's death. No evidence inculpating any person hadbeen brought before him, and, moreover, it wmas not by his authority Mr. Strevens was arrested. " Mr. Julian, the Crowvn Solicitor, said it was right to state that Mr. Strevens was in custody in the briaewell 'nder a anagistrate's wa.rant. H[e was sure no difficulty 'woufld be experienced in seeing the documents. 'Mr. Heron said he could not ascertain whether the warrant had been issued on any information made. In a letter before him from the Crown Solcitor it was stated that he was not aware of an information having been made, andthat the persons in custody were only detained pending further examnations. "Mr. Jullian said that was correct. He was not in Moate at the time of the committal, and the letter contained the full extent of his infornation. "A meeting of the magistrates subsequently took place in their priv-ate room in reference to the case of Mr. Strevens. Mr. Heron appeared before them on the part of that gentlemnan An information was laid before them by Mr. -Cronin, R.M., to the effect that he hoped to obtain in the course of the wveek information upon which the magistrates could act. It was directed that 3Mr. Strevens should be detained in custody until Monday next; if evidence was ilot given against him on that day to warrant his further detention, he should be discharged. "During the inquiry before the coroner, a number of persons -were in court by the direction of the police, to be enamined, if necessary; but, upon consultation between the magistrates and the Crown Solicitor, it was not deemed advisable at that stage to go into any evidence having reference to the discovery of the murderers. " In addition to Mr. Strevens, four other persons have been arrest-ed onsuspicion, Owen Kinahan, Owen Watterstheze tnwo are tenants on the lands. James Banmon (nephew of Kinahan), and Richard Wilson, a carpenter, who is a stranger in the neighbourhood, and who states he is from :escouiion, and was making his way to Mullingar looking for work. "After the inquest I proceeded to visit the scene of the murder, 'which is about two miles from Moate, on the north side of the line of railway. On seeing the place, almost the first thing that suggests itself to the mind is, that a more exposed and, for the assassins, il-adapted position could scarcely be selected for miles round. The field, which is very large, forms a side of a hiU commanding an extensive view, especiaUy in the direction in 'which the murderers are said to have proceeded, and near the summit of this hill the murder was perpetrated. Standing on the spot, I could distinguish passengers in a train which happened to be passing on the railway. The road to Moate, twvo field's only interv-ening, was distinctly visible, as were lso the cottages of tenants and persons who -were in Mrs. Kelly's employment. Her residence, in connexion with wshich she kad recently built extensive offices, was so near, that cattle could be seen in the yard outside. It lies in the hollowv -on the road into Moate. The field is bounded on the east and f.'est sides by new stone walls, in each of which there is a gate wvith a stile alongside, and on the other two sides byhedges. The murderers were firstseen bya person who was in the field-and wlhose name, pending preliminary inquiries, I do not consider it right to give-coming out of-a small.plantation on a hill abont a mile off. From their wearing cloaks, he says he took them tobe women, and hbaving lost -sight of them when they descended into the oellowv, Isedid not think it necess.ary to make any observation aboutthem, not apprehending anything wrong. It appears they caame -up behind the wall on the cast side of the lheld, and from-marks which have been observed by the police in the earth close to the wall, they would appear to have ad-vance -to the gate-each on one knee and one foot. The marks are alternately-those of a knee and a foot, wsithout a shoe.- I may-heremention that apair of corduroybreecheslhasbeen found in the house of a suspected person, soiled with earth on one knee, and the- cords of which the police said correspond with the marks. The marder appears not only to have been plauned *.vith grent care, but perpetrated -with extraordinary drn and determination. The disguise, dark cdoaks, said to be-such as are nsually vorn in the dis-trict, and veils, vas so. perfect that of the twelve or fourteen persons who were in-the field not one can give the slightest clueto identification. Having crossed the stile, the mur.derers laid aside all caution; tisey advanced quickly towards their unfortunate victih, theyshot her one after the other in -the head, smashing her s'lull in pieces as lsoe lay on the ground,-and then trotted off, re-crossing the stile, and having gone down .he length of the wall, reappeared in the iollow, -passing.near her house in-the direction of the road. It is a peoulias7 mysteriouis transaction, and, in the absence of any 'definiteanformation, all sorts of speculations as to the cause of -the murder are -idulged. :TIe fact that some notices to quit had been served-induce somne persons to say it is aii agrarian outrage, while others assert,it is quite the contrary, and urge-that the notices were not acted on, that all arrears were paid up by the tenants,.an- that MIrs. Kelly w.as a kind landladysandan-oxoellent employer. Numerous acts of becnevolence an herpwrt are relted in the neighbourhood of -the murder, and -somse country - people vith -whom I convrersed appeered deep1r to lament her loss. " The police, -under-e directions of the resident magis-tate and AL-. M'rahoas sub-inspector, are exceedinglv ac- 'tive -in their fiu^iries an searches. They have disco;vered in the Ehouses c some :te ants and athIsers about the place cloaks and other articles-suposed tooliave been worn by the maurderers; a pair of stockings soiled cvith earth as though they had been worn in-the:L-lds withmut shoes, a blunder'buss, and a gun cet short And recently,eischarged. Two of the naen in custody, -they say, absented themnselves from -their work on the evening of the murder and appeared at the scene soon after tipsy. I may mentios -that the assassins were observed on their way isp to the field by an old man, -who states, they had on the cloaks, and that one was in his stoclking feet and the other barefooted. Two- nasons building a wal lowver doxvn saw them at a dietr ce before the murder, and remarked to each other they were odd-looking women." With respect to the will of the unfortui iate lady, the E,reniamg Post says,- "The executors appointed in the will of thze ±'ate Mrs. Kelly are four in number-namely, 31r. William Digges Latouche, Mr. R . P. Bailey (nephew of the deceased'), Mr. AlexanderBoyle, and Mr. Robert Orr. The will was go)ened last week for the Purpose of ascertaining whether -l'rs. Kelly had left any directions about her funeral; and it -was found that she expressed a desire that her remains shonr Id be placed beside those of her husband, the late Edmun. i Kelly, in Kensal-green cemetery, near London. In consequlence, the body of Mrs. Kelly, after its arrival in Dablin on Saturday, from Westmeath, was placed in the care of an undertaker, who proceeded with it to Holyhead, ost -oute to Kensal-green, where it was interred on Mond-ay. The will is not to be read in detail by the executors until after the in(uest." BREHON LAIV CO23 I=SSION. k)n 3onday, his zceliency the Lord-Lieutenant, neco:D,anied by the Mfarquis of Kildare, the Earl and ACntess of Burlington, and some members sf 7lis household, visited the office of the Brehon law Copunissioners, at Dr. Graves's rooms, Trinity Co]lege. His Excellency made minute 5nquiries witb reference to the nature and piogress of tie work carried on lander the Fnperintendene6 of yhte conmissioners, and ~ re ived from Dr. Gravos, Dr. O'Donovan, and MIr. Curry information as to the contents of the laws, and the langulage in which they are written; 17 volume-s of the tran2cripts made from the manuscripts in the librariemuf Trinity College, the RoyallrishAcademy, the Witish Museum, and the B3odleian Library, O-frcd, were submitted for the inspection of his ]L'ellency. These manuscripts have been multiplied Ey the application of the anastatic process of printwiag so as to produce a considerable number oe fac simile copies, available in the process of preparing the wvork for the press. A copious glossary of difficult works has been collected, occupying three large quarto volumes, and a complete index made of all the headings of paragraphs for the purpose of collation. The interest manifested by Her Majesty's representative in the labours of the individuals charged with the execution of this national work Nill encourage them to carry it on with a diligence commensurate with its difficulty, and augurs wvell for the ultimate accomplishment of a task whEich all Celtic scholars. both in our owvn and other countries, have long regarded as of the utmost importance. THE FUINDS. ITbree per Cent. Consols, 91* ditto for account, May 8, 924 i; NeA Three per Cent. Stock, J2A i i, Bank Stock, 223; Royal Bank of Irelard (lOL paid), 19:, ditto for account, 193; City of Dublin Steam shares of 1836 (5Ol. paid), 27.~~~~~_
I VISIT OF HER MAJESTY TO THE MILITARY I HOSPITALS AT CHATHAM. CHATHAM, WVEDNSDAY, APRIL 16. Her Majesty, accompanied by his Royal Highness Prince Albert and the Princess Royal, paid another visit this day to the sick and wounded invalids from the Crimea, who are at 'present stationed at the Military Hospitals, ChathamThe Royal party left Buckingham Palace this afternoon at 2 o'clock, and proceeded to the Bricklayer's Arms station of tlhe South-Eastern Railway, where a special train was in readiness to convey Her Majesty to Strood, where she ar. rived at 3.18. Her Majesty, who was attended by the Countess of Desart, Lord Alfred Paget, Colonel Phipps, and Colonel Seymour, was received at Strood terminus by Mr. Eborall, the manager of the railway, and also a large nuimber of officers from the garrison, who had assembled within the station awaiting Her Msjesty's arrival. On alighting fromthe Royal carriage theillustrious party were receivedbyColonelEden,'commandantofChathamgarrison,and a large number of officers, who were in attendance awaiting the arrival of Her Majesty. A guard of honour of the Royal 3Marines Light Infantry, with their band and colours, under the command of Captain D. BlytS and Lieutenants Taylor and Carrington, received Her Majesty at the Strood terminus, the troops presenting arms and the band playing the National Anthem. Major Gordon and Captain Somer - let, Royal Engineers, attended Her Majesty as equerries. The Royal party were driven through Rochester and Chathamn to Brompton Hospital, Her Majesty, on this occasion, deferring a visit to the general hospital at Fort Pitt, the invalids stationed at which she had inspected on three former occasions of visiting Chatham. On the approach of the Royal cortOge at Brompton a salute of 21 guns was fired from the saluting battery, and the Royal Standard hoisted at Fort Amherst. At Chatham barracks the troops belonging to the provisional battalion were drawn up as Her Majesty passed through. Her Majesty and the Prince reached Brompton barracks at a quarter to 4 o'clock, and were received at that establishment by Colonel Sandham, Colonel Savage, Colonel Eden, Dr. H. C. Reade (the principal medical officer of the hospital), and Dr. G. R. Dartnell(principal medical officer at FortPitt). A guard of honour of the Royal Sappers and Miners, under the command of Captain C. S. Akers, consisting of 4 subalterns and 100 men, received Her Mfajesty with the usual honours. On alighting, the Queen was received by Dr. H. C. Reade, and at once proceeded to inspect the sick and wounded men. Nearly the whole of one side of the Barrack-square at Brompton has been set apart for hospital purposes, in consequence of the large number of invalids constantly arriving at this station from the Crimea, and the usual hospital accommodation proving insufficient. Her Majesty first inspected 300 convalescent sick and wounded men 'from the invalid establishment at St. 3Mary's, who were removed from that depOt to Brompton Hospital for that purpose, as it was not considered expedient for Her Majesty to visit St. Mary's. Most of these men have but recently returned from the Crimea, and are now only awaiting their discharge from the service. They were arranged for inspection under the orders of Lieutenant. Colonel Anderson, superintendent of the Invalid Depot. After Her Majesty had inspected the convalescents she proceeded into the hospital, where those able to leave their beds were drawn up. Most of the men wore the Crimean medals, and several had four clasps, shoNing the different engagements they had been in. Each man held in his hand a card, showing his regiment, length of service, nature of wounds, and where received. One of the cases at Brompton Hospital, which was brought under the notice of Her Majesty, and which par. ticularly attracted her attention, was that of Corporal Joseph Caulisham, of the 2d Battalion of the Rifle Brigade, who received no fewer than four wounds during the brief space of time he was engaged on the ramparts of the PNdan, on the 8th of September last. The first wound was in. flicted by a grape shot, which struck him on the right foot, and while binding up the wound he received a gunshot wound in the chin. Before he had scarcely recovered from the first effects of the shot another ball struck him on the shoulder, completely turning him round, and shortly afterwards a slhot carried away part of one of his feet. In this helpless condition he contrived to slide down to the bottom of the works, where he was discovered and taken to the rear. The case of Henry Birland, a corporal n the 33d Regiment, is very distressing. WVhile engaged in the trenches during the inclement weather both his feet were frost-bitten, wlhich necessitated their being amputated. After a partial recovery he landed at Portsmouth, where it was found requisite, in order to save his life, that he should undergo a second operation, and on this occasion both his legs were amputated. This case did not fail to attract the attention and sympathy of tbe Royal party. One other remarkable case at this hospital was pointed out to Her Majesty-that of Richard Collin, of the 7th Royal Fusileers, who was wounded in a very extraordinary manner at the unsuccessful attack upon the Redan. While scrambling up the ladder during the heat of the attack the English troops were met vwith a murderous fire from the Russians. Collin had just gained the summit when he was shot at by a man from above. The bal entered his stomach, passing in a tortuous direction through his body into his thigh, where it stil remains embedded. Occuipying the next ward to that of Coffin is the case of Jesse Luckhurst, of the 31st Regimenit, for whom Her Mlajesty expressed a great deal of sympathy. He received a wound from a grape-shot, weighing 8 oz., which entered just below the right eye, completely destroying it, and tearing awvay a great portion of the bone of his cheek. It then traversed one side of the face and finally emerged at the ear. The jawbone received considerable injury, so much so as to affect his speech and mastication. In the same ward was pointed out Richard Dickens, of the 3d Bnffs, who received two severe wounds in the Crimea, a shell bursting near him, a large piece from which struck him on the left leg which rendered amputation necessary. A piece of the same shell also inflicted a severe wound in his face, whlich it laid open; in addition to which ho received a gunshot wound. John Dryden, of the lth HluHssars, received no less than 31 wounds at Balaklava, and was afterwards taken prisoner by the Russians, whokept him 12 months, when he was released. John Lucas, of the 4th Light Dragoons, lost his left arm at Balaklava, where he was taken prisoner by the Russians, and was also detained nearly a year. Her Majesty took particular notice of these cases; but, perhaps, the most extraordinary case is that of Private Thomas Walker, 95th Regiment, who has been in hospital nearly 12 months, during which time he had thirteen pieces of his skull removed by Dr. Parry. He was woulded at Ink-ermann by the bursting of a shell, which carried away a portion of his skull, laying open the brain, and he u-as discovered soee hours afterwards wandering about in a state of total unconsciousness. His recovery is considered very extraordinary. Her Majesty has seen him on every occasion of her vigits, and ihas sent lim a present of 101. In this hospital Her Majesty inspected 200 invalids, the whole of whom were fro; time Crimea. Of that number 70 vere suffering from wounds, and 44 had undergone amput3tations; the rem£ainder wvere suffering fromimpaired health. After Her Mtajesty left the hospital she proceeded to the chapel belonging to the] barrcks, which is now used as a model room. Here the Royal party -were shown a large number of models, and also' sar.al trophies taken during the Russian war. After spending some time inLezamining thme collection in this room Her Majesty, Prinoe AJbert, and the Princess Royal returned to their carriage, Wd drove to the Strood X tation which they reached shortly eore 5 o'clock. They in mediately re-entered the Royal trai and left Strood for the Bricklayer's Arms-station, returning to Buckingham Palsaie. WVe understand Her maesty expressed ier entire satisfaction with the whole of t e arrangements which had been made fat- her reception.
THE AEGUN'S MO'IO)V. __b.- TO TEHE EDITOR OF THE TTI S. Sir,-I sliall b6 glad if " E. B. 1D." will communicate to mie the ternj on wjhich he is dispgsed .to back either of the experimnents he S-U2btS- Your obedi0tilt sOrwant. 'e EYYQWtq .tieretord, April 1.5l
NA 'AL AXS MILITARY INTELLIGENCE.- The letter of our Malta correspondent, dated April 9, gives the following details connected with naval and military movements there:- "The GreatWestern steam transport arrived from South=npton and Gibraltar on the 28th. She left for Constantinople on the 3d of April- *The Aity steam transport arrived from London on the 29th of March, with stores, and left for Constantinople onthe 3d of ApriL. "TheImperialsteam transportarrived from Portsmouth on the 30th, with stores for Malta and Constantinople. "The Imperatrice steam transport arrived from london and Gibraltar on the 6th, with Government stores and ammunition for the East, the greater part of which she is discharging at Malta. "The City of London steamtransport arrivedfrom Genoa and Leghorn on the 7th. "' The Great Britain steam transport arrived on the 8th from Genoa, bringing Colonel Grant, Lieutenant-Colonel Fataherbert, Mlajors St. John, Do Forreste, and Trineili, 44 other officers, and 1,045 non-comlmissioned officers and privates, and 14 officers' servants of the 3d (Rifle) Regiment of the A nglo-Italian Legion, which is now complete. "The Earl of Durham steam transport, with huts and provisions, left for Constantinople on the 28th, and on the same day, for the like destination, the Black Boy steam transport, vith Government stores. " Lietenant Booth, Royal Horse Artillery; AssistantSurgeon EHilennan, 19th; and 46 non-commissioned officers and privates of various regiments, left for Constantinoplein the Norman steam transport. " The Clyde steam transport returned from Alexandria on the 30th of March, and left with stores for the Crimea on the 5th of April. H Her Majesty's steam surveying sloop Tartarns left for Alexandlia on the 30th, to prosecute her researches on the coast of Egypt, in connexion with the projected canaL " The Downm schooner yacht left for Balakava on the 30th. " Her Majesty's steam frigate Gladiator left for the Black Sea on the 3d. " The Oneida, screw steam transport, left on the 8th for Constantinople with stores. " Her Majesty's steam frigate Odin left for Toulon on the 31st, whence she proceeds to Marseilles to be at the disposal of Admliral Sir Edmund Lyons. " The Edward sailing transport, -with mortars, guns, and other Ordnance stores, arrived from Constantinople on the 28th, and left for Spithead on the same day. | ". The Capo of Good Hope steam transport arrived frorn the Black Sea on the 1st of April, and left for England on I the 3d. ' The Madagascar and the Berwick steam transports arrived from the Dardanelles on the 2d. Both vessels left for Gibraltar on the 3d. " The Indian screw steam transport arrived on the 4th from Constantinople. Shewasthebearerof official intelligence from Lord Redcliffe, the British Ambassador at the Sublime Porte, to the Governor of Malta, of the signature at Paris, on the 30th of March, of the treaty of peace, which fact reached the Embassy by telegraph, at the moment of the steamner's departure. The news very quickly spread at Malta, and at 3 p.m. the fla-ship of Sir Houstan Stewart, dressed out in flags innumerable, w ith the Russian standard of St. George at the main, the tricolour of France at the fore, and the standards of Sardinia and the Sultan at the missn, fired a Royal salute of 21 guns, when all the other ships of war in port, including the Turkish frigate Gavan Bahri, and the schooner of war Sajah and a French transport did so likewise, all flying conspicuously at the main the Russian standard, which was also saluted by the old saluting battery and the Castle of St. Angelo, the guns of ,which former were served by the Maltese Volunteer Artillery Corps. Under orders from the Bishops of Gibraltar and Malta, the bells of the several churches rang a merrypeal, and it is stated that subscriptions are being collected to get up at the public gardens at Florianaa monster ball, to be given as soon as the treaty is ratified. " The Thames steam transport arrived from Balakllava on the 5th. She left for Gibraltar and Spithead on the 6th. "The Napoleon Im., English steamer in the French transport service, arrived from Buzeia on the 6th, and left for Constantinople on the 8th. "The Sully steam transport arrived from Marseilles on the 6th, and left for Constantinople on the 8th. " The Persian steamer, in the French transport service, arrived on the 7th, in ballast, from Marseilles, and left on the 8th for Constantinople. " the American steamer Star of the South, in the French transport service, arrived from Kamiesch on the 29th, ult.. bringing 207 French military invalids, and left for Toulon on the 4th inst. " The Columbian, steam transport, in the same service, with 333 military invalids for Toulon, the City of Washinton steam transport, with 269, having in tow the Lord Dalhousie sailing transport, with 6l1 more invalids for Port Vendres, and the Normanby steam tmnsport, for Marseilles, with 85 invalids, arrived from Constantinople on the 1st, and at the same time the French Government sailing transport Constitution, from the same port, with 163 invalided seamen and marines for 'Toulon. The City of Washington, Lord Dalliousie, and Normanby left for their respective destinations on the 3rd, followed by the Columbian and Constitution on the 4th. "The Governolo, Sardinian steam-frigate, from Milo, arrived on the 1st. She left for Genoa on the 3rd. " The Nil, French postal steamer, which arrived from Alexandria on the 28th, left for MarseiUles on the same day, conveying for England Rear-Admiral Sir Wilhlam and Lady Symonds. "The Euxine, Peninsular and Oriental Comnany's steampacket which arrived at the same time, hkewise from Alexandria, also left on the same dayforSouthampton. The Ava, Peninsular and Oriental Company's steam packet, arrived from Southampton on the 29th. "H er Majesty's steam sloop Caradoc, which left for Alexandria on the 28th of March, reached that port on the 1st of April in excellent time, Earl Dalhousie, at whose dispsal she is placed, having arrived at Sues on the 30th of March from Calcutta, very much improved in health, by the Hon. East India Company's steam frigate Fcroze. " The Carmel and Danube French postal steamers arrived on the 30th from Mlarseiles. The Camel left for Alexandria, and the Danube for Smyrna and Constantinople, on the same afternoon. " The Vectis, Peninsular and Oriental Company's steampacket, arrived from Marseilles on the 31st, and left for Alexandria on the same day. The Tage, French ostal steam-packet, from Constantinople, Smyrna, and Syra, arrived on the 3d, and left for Marseilles on the same day. " The Thabor, French postal steamer, arrived from Mar-Z seiles on the Gth, and on the same day the Capitole, French postal steamer, from the same port. The Thabor left on the same evening for Syra, Smyrna, and Constantinople. " Her Mlajesty's steam packet Triton arrived from Zante on the 8th. She left for Marseilles on the same day "The ML-ander, screw steamer, with grain and cotton, arrived from Alexandria on the 3d, and left for Liverpool on the 4th. "The Melita, screwv steamer, arrived from Alexandria on the 5th. ",The Propontis, screw steamer, arrived from Alexandria on the 7th, and left for Liverpool onl the folowing day." Sir Charles Wood, First Lord of the Admiralty, and Rear-Admiral Sir Maurice F. F. Berkeley, Second Lord, arrived at Portsnouth on Tuesday night, and slept on board the yacht Black Eagle, in Portsmouth harbour. Yesterday morning their lordships were joined by Lord Panmure, Field-Marshal Viscount Hardinge, ViceAdmiral Sir George Seymour, Rear-Adiiiral Sir Richard Saunders Dundas, commanding the port division of the fleet at Spithead; Commodore the Hon. F. T. Pelham, Captain of the Fleet; Admiral Sir Thomas Cochrane, Flag-Lieutenant Pechell, &c. The flagship Victory saluted the Aidmiralty Board with 19 guns at 9 o'clock yesterday morning, and at a few minutes after the Black Eagle left the harbour with the party above named for Spithead, steaming through the fleet and down to Stoke's Bay, where the new despatch vessel Flying Fish, Commander Roderick Dew, was trying her speed. It was intended, as before stated, to rehearse the whole of the movements on the card for the review, but the wind was so strong and sea so rough, that it was not deemed prudent that the line-ofbattleships should unmoor; the movements were therefore confined to the gunboats. After witnessing the speed of the FlyingFish, the Black Eagle steamed up through the gunboat flotiHaattheM'elotherbank, andsignalledfor thecommanders of the Red Division to go onboardher. At 11.30 theCiesar, Russell, Exnmouth, and Hastings line-of-battle ships were ordered to repeat signals, and this the Hogue also asked permission to do; which was granted. The Gorgon and Basilisk steamsloops were despatched to anchor about three miles off the Nab, as " pivot vessels," or turning points for the movements of the flotiUa, the Red (or centre division of which (under Captain Codrington, C.B.) was signalled to form the prescribed order of sailing in two colunis. This was about noon. The Flying Fish and Coquette led the flotila up from Stoke's Bay, Captain Codrington on board the former heading the starboard line, Captain the Hon. H. Keppel, in the Carnation, heading the port line, Captain Yelverton following in No. 19 gLnboat, and Captain A. C. Key in the Wanderer. Having got fairly away, signal was made to take close order, which was ably done, and the Intrepid brought up the rear. After attaining the pivot-ships Duke of Wellington and Royal George (the Gorgon and Basilisk having evidently been sent out with the intention of serving as points for the line- of-battle ships) the Red squadron rounded the latter, and returned along the outside of the line of the fleet at ancho. on the Isle of Wight side, and the W hite squadron rounded the Duke and returned to the starting place on the Anglesey side, al making for Stoke's Bay. where we believethe A1dmiralty signified their satisfaction with the nanomuvre, and then returned to port. The flotlla thenmoored in foui lines, the blue to starboard, the red in the centre, the white to port, and the light in shore t, Stoke's-bay. The day was beautifully fine overhead, but t cutting north-easter blewv very hard, and rendered all communication with Spithead uselesg, unless by steam power. What will be done with the great ships on the 23d remains yet to be decided upon; they will moet likely be taken, as was the case last time, outside of Spithead and manceuvred off Hayling Island, the Rodney, 90, and the London, 90, being appointed the "pivot ships" for them. The Fire Queen and theVivi Admiralty steam yachts, Masters W. F. Paul, and H. WT, Allen, commanding, were each out yesterday with company on board, witnessing the marshalingeof the gunboats, The Imperieuse, 51, Captain Watson, C.B., arrived at Spithea4 on Tuesday evening from the Baltic; the ;uiryalns, D1, Captain 0, ler ina-Y C ,E . anivd hom th t; same destination yesterday morniug; the Falcon, 17, Corm- ander Pullen, followed, and the Proris gunboat, also arrived from the eastward. The Ajax, 60, screw blockship, ? also -went to Spithead. To-day (weather permitting) the Commander-in-Chief may put the line-of-battle ships through their positions. Her Majesty has invited Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, the Commander-in-Chief of the Mediterranean fleet, &c., to be her guest onboard the Royal yacht at the review. I Her Majesty's sloop Grecian, 12, Commander George Blane, entered Plymouth Sound yesterday evening. She left Singapore on the 2-2d of December, arived at Cape of Good Hope on the 6th of February, remained there 16 days refitting, and touched at St. Helena on the 5th of April. She has on board two officers and 29 seamen, lately belongingtotheRussianfrigate Diana. Shespoke, 500 miles southoE the Azores, the brig Penelope, of Sunderland, 103 days from Mauritius, for Cork. The screw steamship Centurion, 80, Captain W. J. Williams, made a successful trial of her engines outside the Sound on Monday. She took her powder in on Tuesday, and will leave Plymouth for Spithead to-day or to-morrow. The London, 90, Captain Jervis; the paddlewheel steam frigate Vulture, 6, Captain F. H. H. Glasse; and the screw mortar ship Seahorse, 12, Captain Leopold G. Heath, were' under orders to leave Plymouth yesterday for Spithead. A part of the hulk Captain burnt in Hamoaze in Marob, 1813, has been discovered by the Government diver and brought to Devonport dockyard. The hired steam transport Imperatriz, Commander H. T. Cox, with 25 Russians from Sheerness, arrived in Plymouth Sound on Monday, and sailed therefrom yesterday with 20 Russian officers and 697 soldiers and seamen, calling, at Portsmouth, where she will embark about 350, and then sail for Libau, whence she will bring back any English prisoners who may be there. The Russian priest who has been in the habit' of visiting Millbay prisons, and who distributed among his countrymen money sent from their Government, took passage in the Imperatriz to Portsmouth. The first detachment of Russians, 749, from Bomarsund, were placed in charge'of Lieutenant Veitch, R-N., at Miubay, Plymouth, on the 7th of October, 1854, and from that date to the present 1,370 in anl have been lodged there. During the entire period they have been in medical charge of Mr. Robert Stevenson, R.N., whose uniform attention was greatly appreciated. The deaths, 24, show an average only of about 21 per cent. During their sojourn not the least insubordination has occurred, and the extra services of neither the civil or military authorities have on any occasion been required. When the Government steamers Pike and Confiance were casting off from the pontoon at Miflbay to convey the Russians to the Imperatriz, the separation from the Governor, his officers, and warders, couldbelikened onlytothe parting of friends, and cheers and counter cheers were exchanged between the steamers and the numerous spectators on the waterside. Among those embarked at Plymouth are 77 seamen from the Diana, and 40 from Kertch, and 57 Greeks from the Crimea. The establishment at Miflbay is ordered to be closed, and lieutenant Veitch has received instructions to pass the control over to the 'Marine Department. The Alacrity gunboat has arrived at Chatham from the builders, to be fitted for sea. She has been taken into dock, and yesterday received a draught of the Royal Marine Light Infantry. The Assurance gunvessel, Commander Gore Jones, having been completed, has been ordered to proceed to Portsmouth. The paddlewheel steamvessel Kite, Second Master Veitch acting commander, having embarked stores and snpernumeraries from Woolwich Dockyard, got under way yesterday morning for Portsmouth, taking in tow No. 111 mortar float, which she cast off at the Arsenal, where she wi be equipped with a 13-inch mortar and receive her ammunition. The Kite shortly afterwards proceeded on her voyage, conveying Nlo. 110 mortar float, bearing the pendant, and manned and stored for service. The screw steam gunboat Cochin, 2, having been fitted with a pair of 30-horse power engines, was yesterday morning undocked, and hauled into the outer basin atWoolwich, to be masted and completed with deseatch, in order to proceed to Spithead. The Ordnance vessel Little Ben, laden with mortar beds and gun carriages for Chatham and Sheerness, sailed yesterday morning from WFoolwvich ArsenaL The schooner Raglan has completed her shipment of grape and case shot, guns, and gun carriages, hc., for Portsmouth, and wil sail to. morrow. One of the 13-inch split mortars, brought home from the Baltic, has been repaired at Woolwich Arsenal by the simple process of being hooped with iron rings of about four inches in thickness. By the contraction of the rings, which were applied when redhot, the separated parts of the mortar have become closely united and secured, insomuch that it is now considered to be in a condition to resist any reasonable amount of concussion. The mortar is about to be conveyed to Shoeburyness for proof. The new telegraph station at the entrance of Milford Haven is IIow in working order and conveys information between the dockyard and the forts. T'he spring tides in the haven have risen to a most unusual height, overflowing wharves and quays, being higher than for many years. As yet no reduction has taken place in the establishment at Pembroke. Considerable alterations have been made in the hut barracks the fireplaces being replaced by bricks. The last two of the fleet of gunboats built by Messrs. F. and W. Smith, of St. Peter's, Neweastle-on-Tyne, left Shields Harbour on Monday for Woolwich, in tow of the Royal Albert tug. On Tuesday a distribution of Caffte medals to those men belonging to the 27th (Enniskillen) Regiment, and the 43d Light Infantry, whlo were engaged in the Caffre war, took place on the parade ground at Chatham barracks. The men entitledto the medal were drawnup, and on their namesbeing called out by Adjutant C. W. Quin, 99th Regiment, they advanced to the front and received their medals at the hand of Lieutenant-Colonel R. N. Phillips, of the Provisional Battalion, who fastened themon each man's breast. Afterthe whole had been distributed Colonel Phillips briefly addressed the men, and remarked on the pleasure it afforded him to distribute those distinguished rewards to many of those men who had fought under him in that arduous campaign. The men were then marched back to their quarters and were loudly cheered by their comrades. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty Henry V. Beatson, to be Master-Assistant to the Victory; N. J. Wivioughby, to be Naval Cadet to the Esk.
A BERnsHnmn JACK SHEPPARD.-In the report presented to the county quarter sessions on Monday last, by the visiting justices of Reading gaol, was recorded the fact of an attempt having been twice made by a Government convict to effect his escape from that establisiment. Htis name is Thomas Hirons; he is a native of Keen's-green, Henley-in-Arden, and was for a time in the 21ith Regiment of Foot. The first that can be ascertained of his criminal course is that on the night of the 1st of May last year, in company with three others, he broke into the dwelDnghouse of Mr. Timms, Little Barford, near Banbury, Oxon. Each of them either had his face blackened or covered with a veil, to avoid detection. Knowing that there was considerable property in the house, they first proceeded to Mr. Timms's bedroom, and bound him and his wife to the bedstead with cords, and then went to the room occupied by Mr. Timme's sister and servant, and tied them also to the bedstead in a similar manner, telling all of them they would blow their brains out if they made any noise. They then ransacked the house, carrying away with them a quantity of plate, a 101. Banbury note, and 71. or 81. in gold. On the followin orning they changed the bank-note at Warwick, and t-is led to their apprehension in a few days. On the 13th of that month Hirons was lodged in the Banbury lock-up, but he contrived to effect his escape; he was. however, recaptured, tried with his comrades at the Oxford summer assizes, and sentenced to 15 years' transportation. About August last he was removed, with other Government convicts, to Reading gaol, and during his incarceration he made two ingenious attempts to effect his escape. The first occurred in Septemnber last, when he pulled the gaspipe hooks from the wall of the cell, and being under instruction in shoemaking, he took advantage of the stone placed for his use and rubbed the ends of each hook, so as to form a screwdriver, with which he unfastened the plate forming the trapdoor of his cell. He was speedily detected by the warder on watch, and the result was that he was removed to another part of the gaoL In order that he should have fewer tools at his service, he was next placed to learn tailoring, but here his ingenuity enabled him to make use of the most simple things in aid of his object. A pair of scissors was tied up with the materials given him to work upon as a tailor, and in the absence of his instructor he broke off the blades; to prevent detection he fastened the handles to a portion of a wooden spoon, tied them up with his work at the close, andL, being thus e.xposed, no suspicion was excited. He then placed one of the blades in a piece of wood, which he wrenched from the back of the cupboard, and bound it round with what is called a " waxend," making it as firm as if it was the best manufactured knife. A steel thimble he had also beaten open and converted into a knife, and of a " magnum bonum" pen he had made a small saw. With these implements heagain applied his energies to open his cell door on a Sunday m February last; but the noise, though slight, attracted the attention of the warder, and he was stopped at his work-not, however, before he bad succeeded in remloving a large square pieceof wood from his door to getatthe lock. An iron plate at this point was an effectual barrier to the accornplishment of hns object. When visited and foumd hard at work to release himself from confinement, the remark was made to him, " What, you have been at your tricks again?' HIecooDyrephied, "Yes, I can't help it; I must be doing something." In consequence of this second attempt being reported to theSecretary of State, an order was made for Baron's removal tD the convict establishment at Portsmouth, whither he vas conveyed a short time since. It appears that there he soon became acquainted with the general routine of the place, aid succeeded in making his escape on the 8th of the present znonth. We hear that by some means he got a soldier's uziform, in which he dressed himself, and thus he walked quietly out of the establshment, passed the sentinel, and got clearly off. A reward of 51. is offered for his recapture, but nothing hag yet been hbed 9o him,-Beflpkirc O7ironick,
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,--In the first paragraph of my letter, obligingly published in T7h Tinmes of to-day, there is an error which I should be thankful to have corrected. Instead of " never asserted that he said," it ought to be " never asserted that I said ;" also, in the quotation relative to Sir Charles E-astlake, in the part about removing the glazings, The Tines has, " I am not sure that that would be adviable in sonme cases, &x.," the very contrary is in the " Blue-book," where it reads " I am not sure that that would not be advisable in some cases, &c." With repeated thanks for the kind attention you have shown me, I remain. Sir. vour obedient sqrvnn1t GEORGE LANCE- I 8, Vsnaburgh-terrace, Regent's-park, April 16.
THE RorA HumN-E SoCnEy.-Last night the anniversary festival of this society, established upwards of 80 years ago for the recovery of persons apparently drowned or dead, and of which Her -Majesty is the patroness, was held at the Freemasons' Tavern. The Duke of Wellington, the president of the institution, occupied the chair, and -among the gentlemen present were-Sir lobert Peel, Sir Walter Stirling, MrI. Benjamnin Havwes, XT. Thomas Havwes, Mr. Octavius Ommaney, Dr. Christian, the Rev. ir ScobeU, Dr. M'Cann, and MT. Charlier, the secretary. The report for. the past year states that 12 cases of immersion, attendedwithrisk to the lives of 19S persons, had been brought under the notice of the society, of vhich 25 were cases of attempted suicide. Of the 198 persons so imimersed, lSO were successfullg treated, the remaining 18 having been past recovery. During the year the society conferred, as rewards of gallantry, on persons w ho risked their own lives to save the lives of their fellowcreatures, 16 honorary silver medals among other testimonials, and awarded pecuniary compensation to 126 persons for humane exertions in the treatment of persons apparently drowned. Among the cases in which medals were aistributed last night by his Grace, the Chairman, for galant conduct in the rescue of life from drowning, one is so peculiar as to deserve mention here. On the afternoon of the 29th of March, 1855, on the departure of the London steamer from Cork, a boy named Daniel M'CuDagh accidentaly fell into the river, when Sub-constable George Guest (not more than 20), who was then on the quay on duty, seeing the boy sink, instautlyplmnged into the water with his uniform on, and seized the boy as he rose to the surface and swam with him to a Slip, where he brought him safely on shore. Again, about 11 o'clock on the same night Sub-constable Guest, while in bed, hearing screams of distress, without waiting to dress himself, ran to the spot, when he saw Constable Hamilton struggling in the river Suir and endeavouring to save an unfortunate woman, who had attempted suidde, in astrong current, close to one of the arches of S'. Patrick's-bridge. He immediatelythrew offhis shirt-which was afterwards stolen-jumped off the quay into the river, a fall of 13 feet, seizedthe woman, and kept her as weU as Hamllton,both nearly exhausted, on the surface until aboat wasprocured, whichbroughtthemall safeto shore. Thisstory, as related by the Dke last night in the presence of Guest naself, on p resenting him with a medal, elicited both admirationand laughter ; and the young man having shown some natural diffidence in acknowledging the compliment, his Grace relieved him by teling him that his gallantry was not greater than his modesty. Sir Robert Peel responded to the toast of the " Armv and Navy" on the part of the navy, and at a subsequent part of the evening related in graphic terms his own miraculous cscapc from shipwreck. A considerable number of persons, including several women and childr-en rescued by the society's intervention from death by drowning, walked in procession round the room. About 600l. was subscribed in the course of the evening to the funds of the institntion. The band of the Scots Fusileer Guards was in attendance, andc 31iss Susanna Cole. accompanied by Mr. Hobbs on the iano gave a p'easing Contnbution of Tocalmisic. MMr. Toole was toaxtmaster.
BAILWMAY INTELLrGENCE. SOUTH WALES. The last section ot this line was opened for public traf on Taesday from Haverfordwest to MIilford Haven, thus. completing the whole line of rAilway for its entira length of 170 miles (from Glocester to 3iilford Haven) and gitna= a-direct commiunication from London to 3M1ford, or Neyland, on the broad gauge, over a length of 234 miles, without change of carriage. The express train which left Paddington at 9 40 on Tuesday moraing' brought its passengers to the terminus at tNeylandwithin7a few mintLtes of' the apointed time, G639 p.m. The last link of communication, from Haverfordwest to Neyland, is only about eight. miles in length, andis on a sharp incline towards its terminus nearly the whole of that distance. The worlk, however, has been a stupendous one, nearly the whole of the~ line having to be cat through hard rock, and the cuttings hein for miles of very considerable depth There are orey two extra sations beyond Hiavernord west-viz., Johnston and 31ilford Haven, Johnstn is is at present the station for the town of MEIford, buxt branch is in course of construction by a private company from this point to EIlford, where, from the peculiar construction of the haven, docks can be formed at comparatively' small cost. What is now called the MIilford Haven station-the real terminus of the line-is at Neyland, on the opposite shore of the haven. The rails are brought dow n cpose to the edge of the water, and accommodation is beine provided for the shipmeat of coalr which it is anticipatea dll form an implrtautaeature of the traomic westwardt Theorder issued for ating nothing but anthracte or smoile. less coal on hoard the steamers on the occasion of the approaching naval review has given greats satisfaction m South Wales, where it abounds, as the impression prevails that it is only wanting to bewbetter knowr in order to be generally tsed for steam puroses in the navy and mercantile marine. The Iine from-garmarthen west ward to thextermins is a single one, and the electric tele. graph is completed throughoit. The event wpos celebrated in the district by a general holyday, and a great number of people availed themselves of' the opportlnity of a first ride by atilway. The neathers being beautifully fine, with a bris1 north wGind ripplinc th waters of the haven, water edclursions were the order on the wday, and boats, freidhted to the gutwale with parties of. both sexes, were fitting backwards andforwards nll day. ERATLWAY BILI,S IN PARLIAMENT. LONDON <N4D NORTH-WRSTErN.-The fmancial declaration of the directors of this company to Parliament relitive to the proposed alteration in their line from Crewe twe Shrewabury and other w orks sets forth that the expense of. the undertaking. ccordingto the estimate of theiren ineers, will be defrayed out of 2,730,31SI., the whole of which Lana nogremains rexended. After deducting from this amounnt what will be Teqmred for perposes authorized by any existving acts affecting this fund, or towards ahich the comnpany Iseek power to contribute, there will remain a surplus of' 124,0007. to be applied, if sanctioned by Parliament, to the' proposed newaworkbs tr. Errington, the company's enaineer, estinates the cost of the proposed deviation between CreWe and Shrewsbury at he,000/., and the cost of the aulthorized worl;s intended to be relinquished at 8.3,0001,, makmg an increased expenditusre of 27,0001. Mfr. lNorris estimates srl cost of the ather proposed w orks, exclusiveof the Shrewabury and Crewe line, at 4,4001. .EAST XI4NT.-This company's declaration as to theirfinances to Parliament states that they have a surplus of' 400,000!. applicable to the construction of additional railways, to be raised under acts of Parliament alreadypassed. WESramSrTX TE:R3rBSx.-The directors report that the' actunal surplus amount of funds at their disposal applicable' to proposed new. works and other purposes is 280,0001. RAILWAY TRAFC. Miles Pas- Mer- Tota ToML, Raiay. oen s ingers. cihandias. issi. 185s. Week ending April 5. Edinbmugh and Glasgow .. 142 5.450 .. 5,445' Week ending April 6. Caledonian .. .. .. l .. - . - . 11,795 I ," Great Northern .. .. 253 .. - .. - .. 21,943 .. 1S493 'Ncrth Staffordshire .. .. - .. - .. 6,974 .. 6,AM(l Week ending April 12. Corkand Bandon .. .. 20 .. - .. - .. 251 .. 245' Cork, Blaclrock, and Pas- Bage.- .. - .. .. 156 144 Beast andallyne- .. .. 491 .. 393 859 23- WeekL ending April 13. Belfast and County Down .. .. - 268 33 fLonudonandWorth-Westem 5538.. - .. 4- .. 4,816 .. 54,2=3 London and South-Western - 9,975 ..4,2H A 14,272 .. 14,972. t:Anchester, Sheffield, sad IAncolnBbire .. .. 1738.. - .. - .. S,773 .. 8,731 Worth London .. .. 9 .. - .. - .. 2.074 .. 2,1SS Eriusive of traffic dne under agreement aith the London anali NRorth -Western al Adlway Co mpany. t Exedusive of the tzaffic of the lddeerfield Canal, ShrophhiroUnion. 3NorthUnion, Preston and 'Wyre, South Junction, Manchester a nd llurton. mad Buck ghnishimid Railwas S Including half of the Manchester, South Junction. and Altrinchea. receipts, Grimaby Docl; duties. k., and Chesterfield Canal receiDtg. The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French railways from the 2Sth to the ilIst of ILrch-6 -
THE COBN TBADE. CORW-EXCHANTGE, W D SDATY AIIm 16. There ieno improvement today in thetone ofthegrain trade. Verylittlebusinesbwhasbeendone inwheat, at fonnerprim. arleyLg rome attention, but all other articles arc neglected. I ~~~~D1IBTA2, AILm 15. We bad a very dnll rcarlkt at our Corn Exchange to-day for evenrdescription of grain. We do not, howvever, alter our quotations o; Fridy, ecep r het,-ic was ls. to is. 6:..nnd Indian corn.
BRISTOL SUoGAn-MAIARET, April 16.-The market is resy quiet, with scarcely any business doing, and thatlittle at a reduction from late rates. Rum is steady. Lo :nos GEN'BERAL O3rlB;us CoMrPAii.-Traffie Statement, week ending April 12.-NumBer of omnibuses at work, 417; average number running daily throughont thcweek, 409; totail receipts, 7,S191. 2s. Sd.; average per omnibus, 19. 2s. 4d. PAuIPERnsit Ix hE ETND.-A retun moved for by f. Grogan, MLP., shows that in the year ended on the 291h of September last, the total number of paupers relieved inthe 51 mnions of Ireland amounted to 30,692, of whom 30,162 were relieved in the workhouse. The total numberrelieved in the year 1854 was 27,120. The expenditure for the maintenance of these 30,162 paupers was 46,8071., against43,7361. in 1854. This is exclusive of tle salaries of medical officers (20,954!.) and all other "establishment expenses" (12,1951.). [Advertisement.]-" Veva ; or, the War of the Peasans, a romance of the '93, by- H, Conscience. A new edition of this charm,. ing tale,-vorth of a place beside the " Heaut of Mdlothian," or tiho rFromnessli Sposi,"-is nVow ready. price 2s. 6d. " Ranks r:th James's best novels, and in filnish and truthful detail above any of them,nGlobe. * Sir Walter Scott apart. we knowV no English historical novel at all equal to it in deep interest."- Scotaman. - Vivid *o'T era of desciption in scenes of solemnity, terror, and daring.'-Tait. "A 'fiscinating' tale."-W. Times. Descriptive lists of Consciences' other novels on aplicaton. Lamhertand Co., publishers, 462, yew Oxfo.rdstreet, andmalrailways. [Advertisement.]-" The Widow Barnaby," by Mrs. Trollope; newan,l cheap edition; pzice, 2s. boards, free by post for 26 stamps.-Such an excellent uovel as Msl Trollope's "Widow aSamaby" in its lresent attractive form ill be heartily welcomed by all lovers of fiction. Also. just published new and ebeap edition oe 3Mr. J. 3orier's "* aiji Baba in England." prie Is. 6d. * free b' post for 20 stanps. Mr. Morier's Preian tales are universally Acknowledged to equal in interest the far-famed " Arabian Nights Entertainments." A fourth edition of that remarkable Indian tale "Nlek of the WOods: or, the Fighting Quaker," is now rTeady price is. 6d. boards; 2s. cloth.-Loenon. Ward and Lock, 15°4 Fleet-street. IAdvertisement.-" The Wife's own Book of Cookery" ia illustrated with above 210 -decrziptive engravingg, and contains% 1,500 original receipts adapted to aU nicomes. It iuncludes economic methods of roasting, boil iing, and sieswing meat, fsh poultry, gme, and vegetables; inexpensive instructions for makingines, pud- Migs tarta, aLnd all other Wtatry ; how to pielde and presrve fruits and vegetables; cookeryforinvalids and children; andplaindiroctions on crig This'is a remarkably useful book prico 3s. Sd. The new books, "Eegant Arta for Ladies, iS. Cd.; and "Behaei'sHand.. book of Cage-birds," 2& 6d., should be found upon every drawingroom ta'ble. They are profusely illustrated. London, Ward and Lock, M13
TflO be LET, several COUNTRY RESIDENCES, T at moderate rents, in a healthy and pleasant locality, one hourcs ride from London. Apply to Wm. lhaDp, Sawbridgeworth. Herta. be LET on LEASE, extensive BIANUFAC. T TURING PRE31ISES. in one of the principal thoroughfares, within 10 minutes' valk of the Bank (*orth). For particulars apply at 57. Old stree-. St. Luke's. rr'o be LET, a semi-detached COTTAGE, containing T five rooms, with garden, in the Harrow-road, near Harlesdengmeen, four miles from Oxford-street. near the Villesden Station. Onnibuses pass the door. Rent £18. Apply on the premises; or to 6r. Rfarshal, 31. John-street, Tottenham-court-road. mOhe LET, BUSINESS PREMzIISES, near Bishops.- I gate-s'reet, city, consisting of dwelling-house, with counting-houses and large warehouses, adapted for a wholes1ae clothier, druggist, stationer, or 'wueral warehouseman. To be let together or separately. Apply at 7.'ELove-lans, Ea3tcheap. r 5° be LET, a HOUSE with a double plate-glass T.front and side entrance, suitabie for any light business, at a low rent, containing seven rooms, situate at Clapham-rise. Also tobe Let, neir the same, an eight roomed House. Apply to WV. Cooper, Stockw-ll-rnad. Clapham-rse. 0To be LET, in Brunswick-road, near St. Giles t Church, CamberwelL TWO modem-built eight-roomed hIOUSES, with gardens and forecourtsa Rent very moderate. Apply to Mr. H. Sowdon, auctioneer and estaite agent. 20. 3Moorgate-street, city, and C ommercial HIouse. Old K;ent-mrl,d (lb. 53.) 10 be LET, a very superior detached VILLA RE- T SIDElNCE. situate in the Aliany-road, Camberweul. Contains large reception rooms, good bed rooms, and very superior domestic offices; coach-house, stable, 'and large stableyard, excellent rarden }ack and front. Rent moderate. Apply to Mr.jH. Sowdon, auctioneer and estate agent, 20, Bloorgate-street, city, and Commercial House, Old Kent-road. (Fo. 404.) r lO be LET, a superior semi-detached VILLA RE- T SIDENCE, within ivelminutes' wvalk of St. Gies Church, Camberwell, most substantiadybuilt onSgravelly soil; contains three large reception rooms, eight bed rooms, and saperior domestic offices.an I cellarage. good garden attached, and front overlooking several acres of ornamental ple.asuregrounds,towhich thetenantshave ccean. Apply to Mr. H. Sowdon. auctioneer and estate agent, 20, Moorgate-street, ci y. Commercial House, Kent-road. (Fo. 33.) r 'lO be LET a capital detached family VILLA, T situate near leckham-rye. containing draving room 27 feet long, dmning room 20, also breakfast room, eight good bed rooms, and two dressing rooms, no attics, good domestic offices, two water-closets. Hi}h vater service and gas laid on; garden back and front. Rent only ZWbS iseluding the use of maniy fixtures. Apply at Brunswick Villa, .Nunhead-road, Peekham-rye. ru 1O be LET, a convenient HOUSE, comprising two 2 rood-sired bed room nand dresing room,dining and danving rooms, housekeeper's room, kitchen, &c., two water-closets, good larder, china closet, and every convenience, with large garden attached. INo. 3, Parkread, Rerert's-park, near the Hanover-gate, and in the route of the city and tYestninster omnibuses. The house has been put in excellent repair, and will be let on lease for a term of about nine years, at thu rent of 60 guineas. Apply toMr. Blyth, 31. Park-terrace, Regent's-park Fl10 MlILLINERS and others.-To be DISPOSE1> LOF, first-rate PREMISES, in Portland-street, Oxford-street. Apply to C. Broiva, Alma-house, 42, Oxford-street. TO STATIONERS.-For DISPOSAL, a genuiae CONCERN, carried on by one party unw ards of 20 years. Somewhat under a £1,600 required.-M,. A., 142, Sloane-street. TO MIETIBERS of BUJILDING SOCIETIES and @ others.-To be SOLD, several six-roomed HOUSES, fitted up with every convenience. Price -9200 each. To view apply at the office, on the estate, Stanley-road. Ball's-pond-road, Islington. "no° SURGEON7S, Chyrnists, &c.-To be SOLD, for T z60. the GOODW`ILL. Stock, and Fixtures of a CHYAtIST's SHOP. well situate. Rent '24. Accommodation given for part of the ms ney. Apply to A. B., on the premises, 74, High-street, Hoxton. T O be SOLD THREE desirable COTTAGE RESI- T DENCES, at irixton, near Kennington New- park, aU let, and producing a net rental of £50 per annuns. Price £110, subject to a small mortgage. Apply to Mr. Sharp, 0, ToLkenhouse-yard, city. mo SOLICITORS, Merchants, and others.-Capital 1professiona RESIDENCE, near the BanL-, with suitable domestic accommodation, to be LET, or in suintes of of fices of two or more rooms earh. Apply at Mr. Edwin Fox's offices, 41, Coleman-street, Bank. TO TAILORS.-A TAILORING BUSINESS to be DISPOSED OF. Shop and parlour. Shop fxtures, together withorwithout stock in trade. Immediatepossession. Requirin- a very smal capital. Applyat 1, Liverpool-street, Bishopsgate-street clty. T O VETERINARY SURGEONS and FAR- T RIERS.-To be DISPOSED OF, an old-established VETERIN ARY and SHOEING BUSIN-ESS, in one of the bfest situations in London. Terras moderate. Apply to J. D., 1, WVinchester-street, Vaterloo-tovn. T O STATIONERS and otheis.-A well-established T STATION'ERY BUSINESS tobe DISPOSED OF, situate in a delightful locality. Capital opportunity for any perseveringparty lvith "150. Cards of address of lessrs. Lepard and Smiths, wholesale statiouers, 32, James-street. Covent-garden. mo be SOLD FREEHOLD GROU-ND RENTS, Tamoounting to £I66 per annum, amply secured on valuable property well situate in tho coiunty of' Middlesex. For terms and further particulars apply by letter to J. H., MNlessrs. Swale and Wilson's, 21. Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury. 0 LODGING-HOUSE-KEEPERS and others.- T To be LET, a 12-roomod HOUSE, and the Furniture to be Disposed Of. The house is pleasantly situate, full of highiy respectable permanent lodgers. Value of the funiture about 2160. Address L.L., dIr. Edwards's. stationer, 99, Park-street, Camden-town. T O be SOLD, by order of the Executors the L LEASE and GOODWILL of a small old-established TAVErN, in a good situation, where an industrious person may do welL Coming-in, including furniture, fixtures, and stock, under £5z0. Apply to Messrs. Warlters andLovejoy, 56, Chancery-lane. po BUTCHERS.-To be DISPOSED OF, the TLLEASE, FLitures, and Goodvill of a SHOP, doing a good trade. Reason of leaving having taken a businesf in the country. For further particulars apply to Mr. Bishop, butcher, Shoemaker-row, Doctors'commons. TO CHYMNISTS and DRUGGISTS.-To be DIST POSED OF. an old-established DRUG BUSIXESS, in s populous neighbourhood in London. The proprietor leaving for the country. For further particilarsinqulre at Messrs. Hewlett and Goddard's, 6, Arthur-street west, London-bridge. T O CHYlMISTS.-An old-establishedDISPENSING Tand FAMILY PRACTICE, bearing investigation. to be DISPOSED OF, in a first-class west-end neighbenrhood, offering advantages rarely to be obtained. Applications to be made to Ar. WV. Smith, S, Serle-street, Lincoin's-hnn. 10 be SOLD, a COTTAGE, seven miles from the TBank, Eastern Cormties Idne; price £60; short lease; contains eight rooms, with stabling, nice garden. Also Seven Houses, producing £227 per annum: price £2.000, at a peppercorn rent. Also a 10-roomed Honse, very cheap, at the west end. Apply to Mr. SIitchell, furniture warehouse, King's-road, Chelsea. TO be SOLD, by Private Contract, or Let, a LEASET HOLD HOUSE and SHOP, at Islington; lcase 90 years; ground rent £S per annum. The purchase-money can be paid by instalments. Presumed rental £50 per annum. Further particulars of Ir. Scard, solicitor, 2, North-crescent, Bedford-square. T COFFEEHOUSE-KEEPERS.-Messrs. AbraTohams and Co., 52, blortimer-street, Cavendish-square, have to DISPOSE OF a well-paying COFFEE, Chop, and Club HOUSE, with all Fixtures and three rooms of Furniture, for only £50. Rent aU let off. TO GRlEENGROCERS, Coal and Van Owners.- Mlessrs. Abrahamni and Co. have to DISPOSE OF a irst-rate CONCEPN. wvith twvo Horses, large Van, Cart, and everyrequisite,;with possession. for £110. Apply to Messrs. Abrahams and Co., 52, Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square. TO CHYMIISTS and SURGEONS.-For] DISPO- 'SA, a neatly-fitted DRUGGIST's SHOP, situate in a crowded locality, where a good counter, prescribing, and midwifery practice has been done. Price £50. Rent of house £26, and no taxes. Address to L.. post office, 15, Charing-cross. T 0 UPHOLSTERERS and CABINETIAKERS. TTo be DISPOSED OF. a small BUSINESS in the above line establisbed nine years. Any person having a connexion and wishine to increase it, would find this an exceUent opportunity. For particulars address, postpaid, to U. C., MIr. Mlacey's, 28, Foley-street, Portland-pl. rao OILMlEN and TALLOW CHANDLERS.-To L beLIET, a CORSER SHIOP:, well fitted up wvith every convenience. The present tenant le.aving in consequence of exptration of lease. Rent moderate, Akpply on the premises. comner of Pearl-sitreet and Whbeeler-street, Spitalfelds, or to Mr. Gee, 5, George-street, Wyndhamroad, Combervwell. TflO UPHOLSTERERS.-To be DISPOSED OF, Trin the vicinity of the Regent's-parE a SHOP in the above line. Good pnrvate conn.xon attached of some ye.ars' standlg. An excellenlt opportunitY for any person commencing business,i Sum reouleed £C00. Ill health sole cause of leaving. Address by letter onlyto X.Y 8. Henry-street east, Portland-toon. T O be DISPOSED OF, in one of thc most flourish- itug manufacturingdistricta in the north of England, an old-establisched and highly resipectable WHOLESALE WINE and SPIRIT BUSINESS. Applications to be made to Mtesrs. Trowver, Loawson, and Trover, e9d St. Moary-at-hill; and esexpl J. and Wd. Nicholson and Co., St. Jol-street, Clerkenwtee. Tio STATIONERS, Booksellers, and New Agents. -HOUSE to be LET and BUStiESS tohbe DISPOSED OF, situate in a crowded thoronghfare, near the Great Western Station Flxtures to be takent a fair valuation, with immediate possession tfrequired. Rcasons for leaving wil be explained. Address E. A., xr. Ryan's, sadler. 15, Sprngtreet, Sussex-gardens, Hyde-park, Tlo BOOKSELLERS,Stationers,randotheeoo of be DISPOSED OF, an oldesiabilahed BOOKSELaING and STATIONERY BUSINESS, earred on by present proprietor 30 years, in one of the beat situations at the west end. To an enterprising youngtman it presents an udnsual opportunsity. Comingin about £1,500. Particirlarsotbe hadof Me.Holmes, trade varler, 195, Oxford-street. T° CAPITALISTS.n A circumstance of very rare .1occulrrence now, offers to a person, possessing a capital of £3,000 of being ntroduced to a WBOLESaE BUSINi ESS in the eity reagi7ing upon the above capital a net yearly profit of 25 per cent. Apply at Messrs. MTacdon and Pritchard's, soilcitoms, Christ Churchchambers. Newgate-street. None other than prcipals widl be treated with. 0ro GROCERSA-Eor DISPOSAL, situate in a T ePta O marketting thoroughfare on the Surrey side, a genuine CONC s, in which an energetic principal must speedily secure a large and remunerative realy-money trade. To effect an immediate transfer, advantageous teems wit bo accepted, Premises arc well sitted. dwelling-house large and commodious, and in good repair, Apply to Mfr. Pe:ter Broad, auctioneer, 2s, P>oultry, T° he SOLD, in conseq,uence of a, death, TWVO execl- Ilenlt FAMIL RESIDES CES, containis" 10 and 12 rooms, with good garden. They ame in excellent repair, held by separate leases. situate within a short distance of the N[ew-rood. Would let at ;£65 and £C70 per annum. Term 50 years. Price £210 and :!160 each. Apply to hlr. Savage, grocer, 35, Sidmouth-street, Gray's-inn-roadl, near Cubitt's, mfilder. mo LINENDRAPERS, Piosiers, Glovers, &c.-To .1 be DISPOSED OF, by Private Contract, the TERM in v ery dosirable PREMIISES, situate in Urpper Holloway, at the yearly rent of X50. The premises have been fitted up w ithin the last four months. The stock in trade, which i8 all new., amounts tO about £600. For any one with small capital this affords a deslirable opportunity to commence busiinessf. For further particulars apply to Mecssrs. Parnrsnton and Ladhury, 16, King-street, Chapeedo. mo INDIA RUB,iBER MANUFACTURERS, T Brewers, and others.-To be LET or SOLD, a FREEHOLD suta. stantial brick-built FACTORY, containing three doors, 60 feet by 28 feet. boiler and engine-house, and a plentiful supply of wFate3r, stable, coach-house,lofitychimney shaft, andyard. aconvenientf amlyresidenco, situate near lbs Kingston Bsiwvay btatlon, and adj'acent to a wfharf, having the advantage of w.ater carriage at a'low; rate. The factorY is fitted wiith a 10-horse powver steam engine, twvo boiers, shafting, .so For particulars appnly to Mess3rs. Fuller and HIor3ey. Biiter-street, city rT O PERSONS of SMI ALL INZCOME or TRADES- M lEN REQUIRIRNG asmall COUNT1RY RESIDENCE, combininug profit and pleasure. The premises comprise the celebrated Wilows-vale La'ke Subscription Fishery, exceedingly well stocked, includinga small genteel cottage, chaise-house, stable, cow-shed, meadow, large garden,Swriss hut, harboira,e., with every accommodation for anglers, with immediate possession, atavery low rent; or the Freehold to be Sold. Apply to Blr. Barker, Wlilow-vale Lake Fishery, Shepherd's-bos3h, threo and a quarter miles from Oxford-street; or of Mlr. A. tlould, fishing tacklie manufacturer. 36. Great 31arylebone-street. TiO CAPITALISTS, Builders, Railway Camiers, and T others.-City of London.-Valuable and extensive FREEHOLD PLOT of GROUND, in the Old Bailey, to be LET on a BUILDIlNG LEASE. Land-tax redeemed. The ground, now the site of the New Inn, has a frontage to the Old Bailey, with access from Fleet-lane. and occupies an area of nearly 18,000 square feet, which maySbo incrased (if required) to 28,000 square feet. The tuemises ame admirablys adapted for an hotel, chambes, woarehos clubhouses, or other building on a large and comprehensiv o scal. Plans of the property may be seen andt further particlars obtained, by appiration t thee coumting-house of St. Thomas's Hospitali Southnitek; or to Mlr. Hery Crrey, architect. 4, Lanaeter-place, Strand. 6!OUTH COAST of HAhMPSHIRE,-To be SOLD,D >s7by Private Contract, AVENUE-HOUTSE, with garden, w ell. stocked wilth fruit trees, and about 12 acres of land customary measure, most advantageously situate on the high road leadingfrom Gosport to Angiesea, and abont five sninutes' walk from the Terminus of tho South-WVestern Raiw ay. - The land, wvhich has an extensive frontage to the public road, is admirably adapted for buildiig purnosee and owing to the increasing population of the neighbourhood, affords a favourable oppactuasty for profitoble investment. Also a freehold house, 113, Hligh-street, Goeport, being one of the most publc situations in the towin, and calculated for any kind of business. The trade of a wine, spirit,ale, and porter merclant haa sbeen carried on above 20 yeas in the premises, which consist of a shop, parlour, drawing room, and seven bed rooms, with kitchen, washhouse, and two staircases ; there is aleo a store detached, consisting of ground, second, and third floors, 20 feet by 15 feet each. The above PremiseS may be viewed, and terms known on application to hIe3rs. James and Edward, Hosins, sollcitors, Gosport. 1 :SSRS. BANTING and SONS, Upholsterers and Mtg entz, have noW Sa8ye.l flnt-clas RESIDENCES (of which the fiUowing are a part) for DISPOSAL, in town and courtry. In consequence of the numerous applicat!o"- made they respectfully invite an inspectianof their registers at 27. St. anas-sreet. FuU particulars will be forwarded by post if requested. ORTTMAN-SQUARE.-Furnished.-To be LET, P for the season, a rtawly FURLNSHE])D MANSION, in this dear- able and healthy square, adapte lfor a noblei.an's family, with excel- lent six-stall stable sand coach-house. To tsa seen only by special appointment. For further particulars apply to Mesw5As, nting and Sons, upholsterers and agents. 27, St. James's-street. J tRAFTON-STREET, Berkeley-square.-Furisbe -To be LET, for season or long-er, a RESIDENCE; containi 12 bed chambers two spacious dralnag rooms, dining room 26 by19, mormng room 20 by 14, conservatory and third room, kitchen, scuUery servntehall. butler's pantry, honsekeeper's room. &c. Applyto Mlessrs. Banting and Sons, 27, St. James's-street. S OUTH AUDLEY-STREET.-Furnished.-To be )s LET, from the present time, for season, a superior FAMIILY RESIDENCE; containing 12 bed chambers, twvo drawing rooms, dining room, and gentlenman's room ; ample servants' accommodation; p mp of good irater; gas laid on to basement. Apply to Messrs. _sating and Sons, 27. St. James's-street. DALL-AIALL.-Furnished.-To be LET, for sea- son, ,i'rom May 1. a handsomely FUtNISAED RES{DENCE, v-ery open at the bsk, overlooking amarlborough-house-yard. It centains six goodhed chambers, taco dressing rooms, tw vhandsome draw-. ng roonms. dining room, butler's sleepung room, and good entrance-hal on the basement, kitchen, housekeeper's room. scuUery larder, pantry servants' hall, &ec.; a capital five-stall stable, and double coac h-house. An appointment required to see the premises. Apply to Messrs. Boanting and Sons, 27. St. James's-street. ST. JAMIE's-PLACEE -Furnished.-Tobe LET, for the season,orbyltheryear,a moderatE-sie HOUSE, containing seven bed rooms, dressing room, drawoin room, dining room, library and third room, kitchen. pantry, cellars &c. Apply to Messrs. Banting and Sons, 27. St. James's-street. D AOVER-STREET.-Fursujshed.-To ho LET, for the season, a large FaMILnY RESIDENCE, containing 10 spacious bed rooms two dressing rooms, on upeer floors. two very large drains rooms, and bed room at back, good entrance-hall. study, very large dining room and bed room at back, kitchen, sculery, pantry, housekeeper's room, servants'hail, coal, wine, and beercellars. Japply to Mfessrs. Batng and Sons. 27, St. James's-street. SSTRATFORD-PLACE-Furnished.-UTo lie LET for nine or 12 months, a nobleman's RESIDENCE, with five capacious receptioN rooms, nine or ten bed rooms, good servants' oflices, a six-stall table, standing for two cariages, and rooms ovar. Apply to tessrs. Banting and Sons, upholsterers and agents, 27, St. James's-street. PIC CAD LLY.-Furnishd-To be LET, for a s hort or long period, in this first-rate situation, a nobile MANSION, containing 13 or 14 bed rooms, twvo draw ing rooms, dining room Leauseeo£ tibonroom or igalle2ry,stuvdy,good dlomyestic offices; or the 60 ear wil b Sod, iththewhoerof tshael fpaiture and fixtures. Apnly to Means. Bantntg and Sons, 27. St. James's-street. G ROSVEN.OR-GATE, Park-lane,.-Iosfurnished.- To be LET, en LEASE, in this most desirable situation, a firstcass RESIDEMNCE, containing six bed rooms, two dressingtrooms, bath room, two dIrawing rooms communicating, dining room. breso,fast room. study. Isousekeeper's room, kitchen. seullery. butler's psastry, and bed room, A nnme-stall stable can be had if required. Apply to u oeans. B gouting and Sons, 27, St. James's-street. H iYDE-PSRs-GARDENS.fiTo be SOLD, a T LEcapita MaNSION, ith a good view of Hde-park, and continn g nie bed rooms and two dressing rooms, twro drawing rooms waith folding door study at back, dining room, Library, and third room, kitchen. senulery, inrder. housekeeper's room, servants'-haUl, Pantry, wine, beer, and coal celars; three-stal stable and coach-house, a sith roems over, For terms and cords to iewo apply to Messrs. looating and Sons. tMess t 27, St. James's-street. VELGRAVE-SQUARE.-To be SOLD, a first- class MANSION , on the north side of the square; condtaining 13 btd rooms, two drawing rooms, dining room, library, bath room, and study, good domestic oices; six-stall stabe and coach-housen for three carriages, three rooms and loft over, The fixtures and part of fumiture to be sold at a valuation. Apply to MIess. Banting and Sons, 27, St. James's-street, CiT. JAMhES's-PLACE,-Uasfurnised.--To be LET \Jon LEASE, a spacouks FAMILY RESIDENCE, contaiing 14 bed rooms, three dressing rooms, bath room, three draw4ing rooms, large dining room, library, and breakfast room, caPital roomy dohestic appointments, gas la(d on to the w hole of the house; a four-stal stable, twvo loose bo.xes, standing for four rariges. with rooms over, Apply to Mlessrs. Boatntg and Sons, 27, St. Jamefs'sstreet. C AVENDISH-SQUJARE.-A FREEHOLD MAN- HSION to be SOLD, containig nine bed chambers, t ao dressing roams, two drawing rooms and sate room, dining room, library, bath room, and dressing room, good domestic ofolms. Apply to eessrMs lmting and Sons, 27, St. James's-street. KS ENT.-SevenoaHs.-A deliehtful RESIDENCE Eto be LET, Furnished, containing dining room, 40 feet, saloon, 3S feet;. twvo smaller reepDtion rooms, library, billiard room, handsome entrance hall, 10 bedrooms, including servants' exellent offlces; detached in a square buildng, containing coach hounse and 10 sta stble laundry, dairy. with w;ater dewiing through, brewvery; the use of four cov.-a; fishing in a lake; shooting over SsO aores: cricket field, boat, &c. Distance 24 miles from town. Apply to 'oessrs. Boatntg and Sons, 27. St. James's-ereet. ATICHMOND.-To be idET, unfurnished, a large ls FAMIL.Y RESIDENCOE, admirably situate on the banks of the river Thames. containing six fine reception rooms, six best bed rooms, and twvo dressing rooms, bath room, six servants' rooms, spa. donos dLomestic offlces, capital stabling, and good servants' accommodation; about six acres of beautifully laid-out pleasure grounds, kitchen gtarden, and orchard, Ac, Terms £100 per annum. Apply to MIessrs. Boating and Sons, 27, St. Jamef's-street. li¶LSTREE. Herts.-A convenient roomy HlOUSE| btoina The garBdenDs,lhawn, plehasutre grhounds, l&c. compeiss° about seven acres;, meadow and pasture laud, about 24 acres. Apply to MIessrs. Bantig and Sons, 27. St. James's-street.i SALT-HILL, nearWindsor.-To be LET, Furnished, kJ for the year, or shorter period; contains drawing room 23 by IS librarY 22 by 1S. diing room, buter's pantry adjoming, three best bed alreqrui,Sxsieofes; narCmtp0le Ucdeiarra5go gand0 gmood wiater, five-stall stable and double coach-house, and coachman's rooms; good garden and fine wisews. From Slough Station three-quarters of a mlte, from Windsor Station twro miles. Apply to MIessrs. Banting and Sons, 27, St. James'sstawet. IDROAJ)STAIRS.-To be LET, Fnrnished, by the L.P year, on reasonable terms, the propnetor going abroad, a detached MAIPfNE RESIDENCE, 11 mfle from the Railwiay Station at Ramsgaste, standing on tvwo acres 0f pleasure ground, and moro laud if Thbe house conts,on the groumnvdfloaor, dinineg room 22 by 1, drawing room 20 by 16. study and parlour, 10 bed rooms, twvo dressing rooms, and water-cdosets, ample kIdtchen, and servanuts' offlces, and excellent water, Apply to Messrs. Bauting and Sons, 27. St. James's-street, 3TAINES, Middlesex.-To be LET, unfurnished, or .S Sold, a moderate-sired RESIDENCE, containing six bed rooms, two dressingrooms. drawing, dining, and breakfast rooms, goodsoervants' offices, excellent garden and orchard, paddock and meadowv.with common rights for grazing cattle, good supply of hard and soft wvater, Forfurther particulars and cards apply to Messrs.Boanting and Sons, 27. St. James's-street, ('IORK-STREET, Burlington-g,ardens, near the Branch flank of Bngland.-31essra. Rushwrorth and Januis have to LET en LjEASE, capital PREMtISES, in this desirable locaUlty and suitedtoaprofessional gentleman, or anY light business. Apply to Mfessrs. Rcushwvorth and Jarvis, SaviUie-row. Regent-stree3t, and 19, Change-alley, CoruhilT. TNJEAR BOSD-STREET.-To be LET, on LEASEu, s capital PREMnISES, 60 feet deep, Lu perfect repair, suitable for a public institution, club e hakl ac.; containing elegant mites of rooms on the ground sand first floors, and 12 roomatabove. Apply to Messwi. Rushworth and Janvis, auctioneers, SaviUe-row, Regent-street, and l9,.CSange-alley, Corsnlln, sT. JAMES'S-SQUARE.-Tobe LET, ivith the Furpuniture, or on lease, untuoished, a small RESIDENCE, suited to a bachelor of fashion, Member or Parflament,or any gentleman connected with the Court or lubs. Apply to Mtessrs. Rushworth and Jarvis. Saville-row, Rd4ent-street, andl19, Change-alley, Corahilor l 2E TNESU-STREET Witinafew doors of Oxford- SJstreet.-To ha L.ET, on L'EASE, amcpital private HOUSE, jUst ut into a complete states of repair by the landlord, and suitable for a gentleman of the medical or legal profession, or any light respertablo busnece.-Msrs. Rushwrbainds Mensrs s-shworth and r. Xcutstreet, and 19. Change-alley, CorndaiU. WTE STBOURNE-PARK-PILACE, Paddino0ton, w vithin a few minutes' walk of the Royal Oak.-Tobe LtT, on L,EAS, a moderate-sized RESIDENCE, the ground floor of which might advantageously be3 converted into a shoP muited to a bookseller and stationer, or any light business,-Moesrs. Rushworth and Jan-is, agent, Saville-row, Regent-street, and 19, Change-alley, Comlaill. WES TEOURNE-PAILK VILLAS, Paddineton - Toj be LET, nnfuraished, a compact semi-detaclfedRESIDENCE, with garden, fit for imamediate occupation. Rentf£55 ayear. -Messm. Rushworth and Jarvis, agents, Saville-row, Regent-street, and 19, Chauge-alley, Cornhill NORLAND-PLACE, Notting-hill, on the high ,is road, facing the grounmd of Holland Aouse.-To be LET, a very desirable moderate-sized RESIDENCE, with garden, very oPen and cheerful, and saitable for a family of the highest respectabilty. Rent £55 per annum. Apply to Messrs. Rushworth and JarvsSariUe-rew Regent-street; or of Mr. Goodman, Bishop's-road, near the Royal Oak N ORTH-END, Falham.-A cossfortabre FAM!ILY 1 RESIDENCE, with stablng, pleasure and kitchen gardens ad paddock, to be LET on LEASE, atlan annual rent of £120. Tbsp remises have just been put into a thorough state of repair, and immediate posession may to had.-Mcssrs. Rushworth and Jarvis, SaviUerowv,Regent-etreet, and 19, Change-alley, CornbiUi. ,ALHA..HIIEILt, StarrOy.-The LEASE of a COT- TAGE ORNEE. in perfect repair, in this favourite and healthy locality, to be DISPOSED OF, with immediate possession. It contains seven bed rooms, elegant drawing room oPening into a handsome conservatory, dining and biliard rooms, domestic offices, lawns ad flower gardens, tastefuly laid out, kitchen garden with forcing house, and a three-stal stable ad coach-houses. Extra stablmg for hunte anid a paddock may berented if required. The fxue n lne furnituro to be taken by valuation, and if desred the whole of the modern and appropriate furniture may be purchaed. For particulars and cards to view apply to Mr. J. Loat, buiider, BEThai . or to 'Ie Rushworth and Jarvis, Saville-row. Regent-street, and X, Chauge alley, Cornhil. PINNER. Middlesex, within 300 yards of the station. -To be EIT or SOLD, several elegant semi-detached VILLA RES1DENOES, most gudiiously arranged and tastefulydecorated, and ft for the immediotL reception of respectable facoilne. The rents vary chombe£s5 toh6,wihicud is-lsree passingrbys,theig adorth! Westemn Railway to and from London, a sdtho prvilegoeofofre education at Harrow SchooL For partimia3rs apply to Mfr. Bird, 3S, Edge-. hare-groads or to Meous. Toplis, Son, and Harding, 1G, St. Pastl's cndHurhardin,1. S.Fuscucyr WEALTA SurO W-Residenceb iwith stabtin.-, -To be LET on LESE, etxceIentLA RESIDENCE containing eight bed chambers, three dressing rooms, dining and drawing rooms, and library, entrance hail, and an-uerous domestic offices. The out-build-1 ings include dairy, cow-house, stabilag for 10 horses, coach-house, ac. The grounds cintrun about five acres, and are tastefully laid out in parterres, lawin and oplsntation, oranaental Lake, and about 14 acres of rich meadowv land. Easy accessto towFn by railwaY or coach at frequentI times in the day. To be viewved by cards only, of Miessrs. Toplis, Son,I and Harding, 16, St. Paul'schurchyard. BEIG-ATE, Surrey, near the Railway Station.-To mWsbeLIET,adlghIivj RESIDENCE. containins, sea-aix neClcbxnab_0Ms _dre>^i9g room-,drawvrmg a~nd dining --mfirr hitchen, and other dometic offices, in a complete state of repair chsise-house, stabling, and La- garden. For particulars apply to Mes, . Topis, Son. and Harding, 16. St. Paurs churchyard. UILDING LAND.-)Great Stanmore, four-'miles fom the Harrow Station.-Tobe SOLD, a PLOT of COPYHOLD LAND containing about 2- acres, well timbered, partly cultivated, in a gravel soil, Wel suppled vith pure water having a frontage of about 800 feet to Stanmore-common, a particularly healthy situation commanding views of the surrounding beautiful country, and wronud form an admirable alto for the erection of villa residences of a superior character, which in this neighbourhood are much in demand. For particulars apply to Messrs. Parker and Lee, soicitors, 18, St. Pauls churchyard: or to Messsrs. Topls, Son, and Harding. 16, St. Paul's churchyard. Eent.-Freehold.-To be SOLD, in a Ro r c, eompact FREEOLD RESIDENCE, in thorough repair, comprising six bed rooms, drawring room, dining room connected with folding doors, honsekeeper's room, Ac for immediiate mogate.u Apply for particulars to H. Pettman, Esq., 90, High-street, PITY.-To be LET, spacious PREMIISES, for upwards of 50 years ccupied for the purposes of silk dyeing, with two nearly new steain bolers and chininey shaft, and having also a fSae weHl of soft vater, which is of very considerable importance since the wvater companies bave adopted the plan of charging by meter. The premises are vwihin flve minutes' walk of the Bank and th principal pslaccsfbumnme3ss For further particulars apply to uPaen and Son, 0 Fetreet,CripPlegate. i,lIFFOLJK.-To be LET, Fulrnished, for some KJmontha. in a pleasant village, a commodious COTTAGE RESIDENCE, containing drawing, dlnig, and sitting rooms, six bed rooms, double nursery wi£ththree beds, allies; man's3 bed below., good kitchens, dairy, very convenient domes-tic offices, coach-house, stable, pigoties, pon trsysard good flower and kitcheu gaXrden. meadowv, hac. Apply to houB., 4u Tmt-square, Towver-hil; or at 9, Somersetplace, Somerset- _ ALESTON HOUSE, Glanorganshire, tobeLET. The aboTe genteel residene is calculated for the ample accommOdation of a family of distnction, with exceUent pasture land, gardens. plea re grounds, stables, coach-houses, and aU requisite offices. Tho situation iapicturesqueand moet convenient, being within two miles Of the Soutlt Wales Railway Station at Bridgend, which is a most excel- lent maaet town, three mile. of the sea and five horms of London, and in aniighbourhood where coal in procured at a cheap rate. There is a lage suma of money nor about being expended in repais and imapro-vements, and the place altogether will be found amost comfortable residence fora moderate-siredfamiy desirous of a healthy country residence. For further particulars and to treat apply at the offices of P r. Robert Evans, auctioneer and land agont, Br!dgend andCowbridge. -Bridgend, April 8,1126, R.DEBENHAM'As APRIL LIST of ESTATES, Gr6 ound Rents, Houme Pi?ropeW, nd Investments ulf every desrr-ption. also furnished anid uni-fshdresidenees to be let, int tain s-'d country, may ho obtained free of charge, at his offices, 89, Cheaprei.ie. or by ps for one stamup Particuilars0ofestates and proPerty for sale, and resiences to be let, received on or before the 25th inst. will be in time for insertion in the Alay List. FL)U.NTRY LtES7DENCE and 5 acres toDbe SOLD in a beautiful part of Bucks three miles from Baron Rothschild's reat. and a good town and statio'n. £1,300 (though touch lesa than the value) will be accepted from an immediatepucae,tesebin com5nlsory under pressing circumstance. Apyt r eebm 80, Cheapside. (Po. 2.976.) .'AR~INE RIESIDENCE, and S acres of ornamet] J**, roumds, orchard, and meadow land, seated on an eminence cciandig chmoming vfiews. in a beautiful part of South Hants.Th whole in complete repair, and finished wvith every luxury and de3iders tumn by the pres-ent proprietor and occupant. To be LET, unse cr unfurnished, or the Freehold to be Sold. Full partliculars ofMr Debenham. SO, Cheapside. (To. 1,550.) flERTS.-Re:Sidenco amid 10 Acres, an Hu' Rid from Town, and close to a Station,-Mrx. Debenham has instructions to SELL a most complete and gentlemanly RES~IDENCE or HUNTING-13IOX, delightfully situate in its own grounds. Has six hod rooms, three elegant reception roomis, conservatory, and convenient offices;- extensive etabling and out-buildlings, lawn, pleasure, sadc kitchen gardens, vinery, forcing-house, &he. ; with eight acres of mes-. dow land. The whole or any portion of the fuirntiture can be had.- Estate offices,8. SCheapside. (Fo. 1.309.) 1JPSOM LINE.-RESIDENOE and near-ly 17 acres, E14withinl1r miles of town. The honsehas l5ed and fouLrreception~ roos. ntrncehal, lrg kiche, ad ofics;including dairy. brew andbak hose. cachhose,twostll tabe,and various out-building; peasre rouds,andkithengaren. orchard, and meadow lan, i whch sa mal lae wll taced ithfish. Situation beautifuly pctuesue,hig, ry,andexeedngl halty,-r.Debenharo E NT, near Rohster-, two miiles frlom the ~Highani K1L and Strood Statioe and an hour and a quarter's ride from london.-To be LEI', (rn60 guineas,) a detached modern VILLA. R'ESIDENCE, seated onbeuiu eminence, and having three lofty reception and six bed rooms, with all necessry offices, stabling, co3chhouses &a., Pleasur grounds, lawn, shrubbery, productivewalled kitebengarden, and paddock (in al our acres). Thefreehold.would ho sold if destredt.-Mr, Dehenham, SO. Cheapside. (To. 1,575.) 1\TEAR DULWVICH anid HE RNE- HIL, a -sLx-Unn-y ride from theBEank-.-To ho LET, a comfortlable. old-faa 'oned, detached RESIDENCE, having eight bed rooms, drawing and dining rooms, two kItehens, and every convenience ; two-stall stable, coachhouses, and various out-buildings, flower and well-stocked kitchen gardens of ahove an acre ; 31 acres of pastire land can be had if required. Apply to l'lr. Debenhani. SO. Che-apside. (To. 2.415.) BRIGHTON.-A delightful SEA-SIDE ABODE,_ Boverlooidng the Pavilion-ganlens and thes,es, Hisa 0bed chambers, elegant drawing- room abeout 23 feet squaren. dining and moming rooms, he. Rent-£100. Or the Freehold tobe Sold.-ir. Debenham, SO. Cbeapside, (Vo. 1.578.) N EARM BEXLEY-HETH and one mile firom the Abbey-wood Statilon on theNot Kent Line.-A gentieman's detached VILLA. having fire bed and two reception rooms, numerous euflires, and outbuildings; including gardencers cottage, stabling for three or four horses coach-house, &c. ; abundantly stock-ed kitehen garden. omnaneatal grunds, and meadow land (in a11 aboutIO acres).- Mr. D)ebenhiam. S0. chapside. (Po. 2,414,) 13 E HIL , ner te Sttio,-Agentleman wishes IA t LE, frnihedor usiu-nihed orto Sell, his superior modens ILLARESIDNCE,havig 10 ed roms,elegant double drawng rom, inin roo. beakfst prlou. &e ; ith tastefully arrngd rond o narl tre-furhsofancre,lur Debenham, CARLTOiN VILLAS,:: Madavlc-r.Deb~enhaui has to LET a genktlemanlyVIL REDNC,hvnsibe chamnbers, dressing and bath rooms, handsome dinn n rwn roomns, breakfast parlour, and good offices aldgre,wt ri trees in full bearing. Any of the newanmoe fuitr can ho purchased.-Estate offices. SO. Cheapside.(o2,1) X ARthe PA-RIC, Haves-stock-il n h ap stea2d-road Station.-To ho SOLD t aSprcn. eea remarkablywssell-built and attractive S and10roersinc. let at from £42 to £10O each. Also a Pair of hadooils erthe rark, gates.-Mr. Debeniham. SO, Cheapside. (o ,1. VIINSBURY-SQUARE.-T oLT n h lbelegant nearly new FurnituLre od i osqec ftefml goin a.broad.) the PEINCIPALI RINo oeo h bs ES DEISCE in thesur,hvneihcaiabechm r,tre handsome drawin om,dnn om odkths n fie. Mr. Debenham, hasd.(o .1. OUSE and HP.-Rent £v22.-Ne~ar Croydon H Station.-To beLET, a capital seven-zoomed HOUSE, with garden, pesnl int,i ouosnihorod ihagood Debenhama, SO, Cheapside. (Fo. ,041.)grc .M . BAYS WATER.-'To be LET, amply and comfor_tBably Furnished, a HOUSE of U1 rooms, with garden and erery convenience, The occupier would give immediate possession if reunired. Applyto Mr.P. G. Dodd.jeweller,790Co-rnhilL, ___ TPPER SEYAIOUR-STREET.-To be9-OLD, in Li the beet part of this street, a commodious FAMILY HOUSE, in thorough order. To view apltolrJne,2 ar-ret Grosvenor-square. ppyt M.Joe,7 ,ar-ret S T. JOHN's-WVOOD.-To beLE,wt iDe date, possession, a detached RESIEC,wt large wellsocked garden, Apply on thle premises 7, onayra, St. John'swood. DAD)DINGTON.-A HOUSE to be -LET, well FurJ..,nished, consisting of four bes-tbed rooms,servants' rooms, drawing, dining, breakfast, and bath rooms, and domestic offices, within five minutes' walk of Hyde-park. For terms addrssu H. H. H., Marshall's library. 21, Edgoware-road. Paddington. ]3ORCHESTER-TERRACE, Hd-ak-oh LET, Furnished. TWVO detached VLA,frterao rb the year. witheor without stabliag, &c. For ead,&. apyt r Wma. Reading, bullder and house agent, 4, Charlssre et et bourne-terrace. ('ESETT-TERR~E yepr,na oKnig 0 ton-gardens.-To be LET, rmteedo pi, for three or four months,elegantly Furnished,amotcneit FAMILY RESID n4E. For cards, e., apply to Mr . edig builder and house agent, 4. Charles-streetwetWstun-erc. ~T. JOHN's-MrOOD.-To be LET, adtched KJVILLA. RSIDENCEP, consisting of 13 roomis, and small garden, complete with everyrequLsite of offices, fixtures, &e., at the low rent of £70 er anum,for ter of hre yeas. Aplyto Jas. FProwll, 28, OHR'OO OO bRAndLBAY-ToATcERTO biie- Furnish t lw edt,apesemi-de itutac edVILL SE,Icontaiin she bdrooms, tshhoue,grecetin ros usual ofc,and gardens,lai Ruut Trin tol haguineast per week accordIngPl to le.SPngth Nofretig,Apoldt.r. CRESCNTHA ith eght)oomA neatlymd HOUSE, sth agadnd afewn months,wol pleantlth shovae, aithaverylowrefilint,ftont anyart neho wouldotake Cucare Rfnthe hom andquritre.ofGas laid Non.2Apply toe nearWO By RaILWY- T b LEVImeraLwaystaIoEnC,an conenitaentdistaincenro the Crstal rcpalace room rooms,rwash-ouse, garbde becks adrfront, well latd Gout. Torcarnstill half- pastl1 at nightG.ApLyge tofMr.esink NKingWolaod. et ndn StY oh' Church. Ret£1.Inur or Uf Mr.Glss,eN. 24Ai the viewapplyat En.g.legea't ofics,0, King Win a-street, cit,ondon-ck heath. 1~NFIELD.-Detche COTTAGEto qbe L-ET, .12 plasatlysiuat, o Chsesid, nar heHolly-bush, containing LA.~~K VILLS.-To be L T, comfrtably F~ur- nish ONEof teseprety mdemsemi-detached RESIDENES,comrisng wo tti be roms,two best bed rooms and dresingroo, treesitingroos, itcen;small garden. h5s, per week Aply o Mr Bekle, autioeer &c, 219, MaIda-vale, Edge- iSLE of WIGHT-ob LET, Furni~shed, ELAI COTTAGE, contiigahdsm drawing room opening on a lawnv, a good-sized dining room, four best bed roomas, three ditto for servants,_ housekeeper's room, kitchen, and offices. Stabling if required. The situastion is very beautiful, and adjoinsOshomne and Nlorris Castle. Apply toMr. J. Hunt, 3un., East Cowes. iSLE of WIGHT.-M1LLF1ELD-~-HOUS`E,wt five acres of Land, to he LiET on LEASE. This 12-roomed residence is charmingly situate, within 10 miinutes' walk- of the Medina River, and commiands a fine view of the Solent Sea and opposite coast, A gardener's cottage, coach-house, stables, and all domestie coniveniences. Apply to lr.3.T.Hunt,juim,,East0Cowes. rPORRIGTON-QUARETO beSOLD,one of I th larest ESIDNCESin te cetreof the square ; comprising inebedroos, wo dawig roms diingroom, library, andistore room stne allandstarcae, ometicoffcesof every description. Hel byleae or hou 7 yers t lowgrondrent. Apply to Mlr. KENSINGTON - PLC ADN.-Fr K nis'hed.-Messs. Herring and Son7hre favoue ihisrcin to LET, for the season, or for a termi, an attractivean uriREI DENCE, containing every requisite accommodatio n ovnec forna family of the highest respeetabilit, Fortem and cards to view apply to Messrs. Herring and Son, 109, leet-stet W1ESTBOURNE-PARK-TERRACE.TObeOLE VTfor the season or bv thyeyar, a handsomely FURNISHEI RESIDENCE, conataning dirawing room, dining, breakfast,and third room, five bed rooms, kitchen, housekeeper's ream, and other conveniences. For cards, &n., apply to Mr. Win. Reading, builder and house as:ent. 4, Charles-street west, Westhourne-terrace. 7IVES-END,nearHampsend.To _be Lf,i V~te aoveplesatanretresiuae,THREE HOL-i~' atlowrens,wit grdes ad oac-huse an ssblngif required,l.The H~~DHNs.-A FURIIh 'raetladsubstantial repair, with DIPSD O.i hecocs pat f hi nrvai siu~u Frjriclaa ndcrd t ve F~OR ING,thre miles from the Tow f-ob a gen , wiimdat possession, 'or anpriodu o1 ots aenelyFURNISHEDP detached liSIIISE cnaiig1n trance-hall, diningroom14ft. bylift drawls-ro lf,b lf.5 six bed rooms. water-closet, back stics,kcensclrytw-al stable, chaise-house. and garden,. o en n t iwapyt Mle-er. White and Sons, auctioneers sad valacre, D rig IZ NT, within Il mile of aR lay ttin-A doK~tached FAMIL,Y IfESIDENCE, with coach-house, stabling, and 10 acres of land, to be LET. The house contains six bed rooms and dressing room, entrance-hall, dining, drawing and morning rooms, kitchens, and all necessary offices, with kitchen and Pleasure grotuns and cottage. A~plyto Kirkmn~ and Engleheart., MS. King Willamstreet, city, and ]laekheath, FHISWI .-lL To be LET, Fiurnished, at a very moderate rent. the RESIDE-NCE of Captain Smart. RLN., continig drwin anddinng roms libary sixbedroomis, dressing room, bth rom,two ervnts'bedroom, ad covenentdomnestic ~USEX.-To be SOLD or Let eoa Lease for 21 years. a capitalFAMhILY tEgdIENiCE, Nithespacious lawn, ho., kicen gardenis, coniservatories, and forcing houses, gardener's cottage, and ether out-buildings, The whole is freehold exceptsa small portion of the garden, The hiomse contains good entrance-hall, dIAngu room, drawng rom, reakaatoom,and tudy theehd rooms, a uressing roo, ad bthoom onth fist lor ;nd ixrooms shove; w wate-cloets,convnien domsticoffies~ xcelentfour-stall stabwle and oachhom. Wihin10 nlnoes' alkof Chichester Cathedral, and hre mils fom Godwod. pakethounds in the neighbour- VILTS.-To be LET, Furnished, a capital TA"YTSIO-N, PadPted for the reception of the family of a noblemAn or gentleman of fortune. The pleasuregrounds areextensive and very beautiful; there are gravel and green award walks shove three miles in extent int the shrubberiem, plantation, and wilderness; the fruit and vegetable gardens are three acres, meet Nrolifie; ther izs an oesn'-cry coneratry,an vneies dtahadb&acd.room, moot excelent stabing,coah-hose,sadde an haess eem; the right of shooting fechonds wthin hreemiles and evera eth rpacks andes reach I EWISEHAM.--=o he LET, a FURNISEED I6minutes' lak of the railway station, Can mae up five beds. For particulrs apply to A. B., 2S7. High Holborom CIAL PHAMI-RISE.---To be LET, Furnshed, asmal COTTlAGE : containaing fois-bed rooms, two sitting roomls.two kitchens, and smcall gas-den. Bent Spermanpnth Apply to Mir. hesdin Taylor. house agent. Claphamn-eoinmou. LDERSHOTT.Biing Grond.-Tobe LET A inumedictely adjoining the Camp, on the Earn advantageous SITES for SHOPS orprivate Hemming, Clift-house Worksl Bow, nearLondon. 1'LAII LODGE, Acre-lane, B'ton.-To e LET E on LEASE, this excellent FAdMILY RESIDENCE, in -ood ternantable repair. ithextensive plesu -e gronds and gardenattah ed. Forparticula,s apply to Mr. G. We=tacott. builder. ea., 1. St. Mary-axe. S TOKE NEWINGTON, -within hlf a mile of Kins_s. J land-zate -To be LET, an eight-roomed HOUrSE. ient £285 pr annum. fhesoilis ravelyand the situation proverbially healthy. Apely to Mr. Murrll auctioneer, 1. Waibrook, city. Q UEEN ANNE-STREET, Cavenaish-suae.- MIIessr Abrahams and Co. have to L,ET a FURNISHED FAILY RESIDENCE, containing four elegant reception rooms, seven bed rooms. boudoir, and spacious domestic offlces. For cards apply to Mess. Abrahams and Co., 52, Mortimer-street. Cavendishso. A/LERTON, Surrey.-To be LET, Furnished, a de- tached HOUSE, containing dinin,iroom, drawingroom, breakfast pariour, five bed rooms, dressing room, the usntal domestic offices, coach-house, two-stall stable, end garden. For particulars apply to A. P., post-office, Fenchurch-street. W B-,SINGTON-PA T.ACE-GARDE'iS.-To _Ie X1- ET. Furnished4 for the season, or one, two. or tbree years an excellent RESIDENCE for a famib of the first respectability, and on moderate terms. It is very elleiblysituate, andmakes up aboutl2 beds. Applyat Mr. Elgood's office, S, Wimpole-street. AMBRIDGE-TERRACE, Hyde-Park.-To Stur. yge°ons, Wine Merchants, or Professionatl Men-To be LET, a good HOUSE, with every convenience, having a side entrance and office. For larticularsinquireof 3r. Keeling, Hyde-park etate office, 25, Connaught-terrace, Edgeware-road. SOUTH BELGRAVIA.-To be LET, Furnished, a desirable RESIDENCE, suitable for a small family. It is easy of access to the law courts at Westminster and the Houses of Parliamnent. For cards to view and terms (whichare moderate), apply to Duppa and Collins, 314. Oxford-street. C LAPHA`TM, Brixton, and Wandsworth-Messrs. PlCews and allhavetoLET numerous RESIDENCES intheabove vicinities, at rentals varying from 30to20rperannm.-Auction. estate, and house agency offices, Claphaun-road, opposite the Swan, and 34, Poultry, city. CIORK-STREET, Burlington-gardens, near the Brauch Bank of Engand.-Messrs Abrahams and Co., 52, Mortimer-street. Cavendiah-square, bave to LET, an excellent FURNISS ) FAhlILY ESIDENCE, containing four reception and nine bedrooms. Rent very modesate. A decided bargai. tALIjN t.-xo be LBT, a COTTJGE, containingsix IN rooms, wrell Fm nished * a g°od garden. coalhhouse, aind stale. Pleasantly situate. two minuteO'.walk fro the railway station. Terms, if taken for a year, 31s. d. per week. Apply to Mr. Bril housea gent, }-ling. FT WIOKENHAM.-To be LET, at 16 g'neas (or SoldQ, a pleasant, convenient, sems-detached VIILA, vwith two large parlours, three haabers, kitchen, soullery, large garden, and good ^rater; 1lnite from the station. Apply to D.W..Valentine-cottage, near the bollege, Tvickesham. or Montague Arms, Upper Montague. street, IlI3rylebone. KENfTISH[-TOWN (the best part).-To be LET, Furnished, at Ss. per week, a spacious FAMILY HOUSE; contaming two Parlour. drawi oom, three bed rooms (making up four beds), two katcheus: water-closet in the house; commanding extensive viewsover Hampotead, &c. Omnibuses every 10 minutes. Apply at 346. Oxford-street. HAAIMIERSMITH NEW-RO.-To be LET, a convenient HOUSE, in the high road from Oxford-streetto Shepherd's-bush and Turnham-green. inszuses pass the door at all times of the day. Rent L-3s. A pply to bMr. Flack, 4. Gold Hawk-terrace, Shepherd's-bush; or Mr. Wison, estate agent, Vale-place, Hammersmith. UIJRREYg 10 miles of town, and 1A from a Railway Statio.-'0o be LET, Fumished, a charming VIIMA containing three sitting rooms - makes up nie beds. It stands high and dry in about two acres of ornamental grounds, not overlooked, and has kitchen garden, coach-house, and stables. Apply to Mleasn. Brooks and Beal, estate agents and auVctioneers, 209, Piccadilly. iSYDENHAM.-Carpets and Furniture.-Edward Hunt invites the attention of the inhabitants of Sydenham, Anerly, Nonvood, and Forest-hill to hisextenaive assortment of CAIS PETS, Felts, Dainnask,Chatses, nd Furnitusre, which heisprepsri-e to supply at London prices, and for qulality, style, economy, and puns. tuality are not to be s urpassed,-Sydenham, A pril 16. 1S56.1 QYDENHAMA, Anerly, Forest-hill, and Norwood.- |P Furnished and unfumished Houses in these delightful localitie-,Edwarsd Hunt upholsterer end house agent, has several firstandsecood class `ESIDENCES in these situations to LET, at moderate rents. Personswishing to let ordispose of property cauregisterthe same, free, at Mr. Hout's, auction and estate office. SydenhEm. QYDENHAT, in the Grove.-Mr. Edward Hunt is Z instructed to ET,avith immediate possession, a very convenient semi-detached RESIDENCE, on lease; contains every comfort and convenience for a smal family. Applyforfarther particulars to Edward Hunt, auctioneer and estate agency office, .ydenham. K ENSINGTON.-Bedford-place, Campden-hilL- -To be LIET, unfurnished, an eight-roomed HOUSE, with washhouse attached, in good repair - gravel soil, most salubrious situation, and very genteel neighbourhood, nithin 10 minutes' walk of Reusingten-gardens. 1ent low. Apply to Mr. Arnold, builder 1, Peel-street, Kensington. j:USHEY-HEATH, Herts.-A FUX:NTISEED COTTAGE to be LET, for two months, containing eight rooms, kitchess,&c. ;good garden, exceUent spring and soft water, and every couvemence for a small family. An excelent servant would be left. Terms 3 guineas per week. Address, pre-paid, toB.A, post-office, Bushey-heath, Herts. :YFLEET Surrev.-To be SOLD 16 acres of most B) desirable FiUEEHO D BUILDING A5,D, with a Cottage, Barn, and Stable, situate viole to the Mlage of Bylleetk about two miles from the Weybridge and Addlestone Stations. May be viewedby applying to MIr. Pritchard. Plough Inn, Byfleet, and further particulars of Mesrs. laterer and Son, auctioneers and estate agents, Chertsey, Surrey H ARLEY-STREETand QUEENY ANN-STREET. J -To be LEBT, for the season, or longer, or disposed of with the ele~ant furniture. an excellent RESIDENCE, having superior receptorom,aasuitable bed rooms, iramdn-ie aU aia servants' offices, &c., without stables: allin the best order. pp)ly to the agents. Mr. Elgeood, 03, Wimpole-atreet, or uMr. Mullett, Albion. street, Hyde-park. 1VALING, on a gravelly soil-To Families from Aid India and others.-WADA LODGE to be LET, well Furnished, for any length of time, to a lady who wil take care of the fur. niture. Wadham Lodge (detached) stands in a small garden, near the station, and contains three good sitting rooms, a dressing and seven bed rooms, two for boxes, man's room,and complete domestic offices. Apply to Mr. BrilL near the station. tTPPE TULSE-HILL, Briton. -To be LET on ,ith immediate possession, a detached COTTAGE RESIDENCE, in thorough rePair, containng drawing and dinng rooms, four bed rooms, dressing room, tw^o servants' attics, twro kitchens, pantry, store room. coat, beer, and wine cellars; hard and soft w ater, andt every convenfience with good garden. Apply to Mr. Hudson, Brixton-hi;l; or to ..Ir. Whlite, 6S, Cheapeide. ORWVOOD.-To be LET handsomely Furnished, N for five months from the l3t of klay, a sesi-detached HOUSE. within five minutes' walk of the raUiway statiorn; comprising dining and drawiing rooms, five good bed rooms, two kitchens, large garden well stocked, two-stat stable and chaise-house. Bent S guineas per week. A pony and chaise may be purchased or hired for time, For further particulars and cards to view apply to R. Li Hackett, 11, Jewry-street, Aldgate. ('IHAMPION-HILL 3' miles from town, near the top of Grove-lane, Caaberwell-A very desirable COTTAGE RESIDENCE, semi-detached, containing 11 rooms and every convenience for a genteel family. is to be LET or SOLD; rent %5 per annum. Also, one smaUer, at £42; and one at £36 per annum The elevation of this salubrious spot renders it particularly eligible. Toview apply to 3Irs. Holmes. 8. Champion-place, Grove-lane; and for further particulars to Mr. Robert Passenger, 95, Union-street, Borough. ('IHELTENHAM.-To be LET, Furnished, for a XJterm(wvith immediate possession if required), at the dellghtfnl vihllge of Presthury, a mUle and a half from Cheltenhamn, a cadtsl FAMIILY MIANSION, standing in its owingroumds,wMith large -gardens, coaczh-house, stabling, and every other convenient out-office. ~Ieadowr land and orcharding attached may be had if required. rlincipals may apply for particulars to L. C., at Mr. Edwa3rds', stationer, High-sireet, Cheltenham. TINDEN- GR OV7E, Nunh ead-ro ad, Peckham-rye.- To be LET, for the very moderate rent of LOOper annum, a deta1chedILLA^ RESIDENCE, standing in a large garden. and con- .The stuation is remarkably pleasant and healthy. pparts of the city. Aplyonthepremises, o. 10, an above; to Messrs. Palmer, Palmer. and Bull, 24, Bedfordrowv, Holborn; or to Mr. W. Thompson, architect, 2, Conduit-stree-, Westhoumne-terrace. v B ELGRAVIA, JMayfair or St. Jamess.-BWANT- ED, to PURCHASE, immeAlately, anunfurnished HOUSE, in either of the above neighbourhoods, (Begavia preferred,) containing not less than fivebedrooms and three rception rooms,andupon which a lease of not less than S5 years can be granted. A sum of £2,50 will be paid dowvn, and a reasonable ground rent given. Particulars to be sent to Messrs. Rogers and Dear, upholders and estate agents, St. Goorge's-place, Hyde-park-corner. T HE PAVILION, Hans-place, Beigrave-square.- To be LET, furnished or unfunisbel. on LSE or for the season, this beautiful retired detached BESIDENCE. fitted up and arranged for a large family of distincon, and possessing every accommodation required in a mansion. The reidencis smrounded byabout S acrms of park-hke ground, bordered byleftyftrees, and forming a retreat unequalled by any in the nelghbomrhool. Very extensive stabling is built on the ground, containing accommodation for IS horses. F9or fulrther particulars and cards to view apply to Messrs. Rogers and Dear, upholders and estate agents, St. George's-place, Hyde-park-comes-. R AMSGATE.-To be LET, Furnished, wvith option a of purchase, in the most eDgible part of Ramsgate, on the West Cliff, wvith a noble view of the sea, the French coast, and of East ent, a HOUJSE. It is completelyfurnished and readyfor a good private residence, containing good dmning and draiving rooms, airy bed rooms wiith nine beds, and exellent of fices, well fitted wvith every convenience. A good supply of both rain and spring wvater. Immediate possession will be given, Apply to Friend and Vinten, estate agents, at the cabinet wvarehou se, R;uegate. ________ BROMPTON-FURNISTTITh I12SIDENCE, in Thurloes-tuare, to be LET, for su ri,- .ts or lonzers-one of the larg-est housea -: the above square. The ,acco-nmodation comprisca a suite of loity drawving rooms, a nobole iinig room, morning room, study. six principal bedchambers, servau'irooms, welt-arrangod and convenient domestic offices, and all the requirements necessary to a family of the highest respectability. For cards to view and termns apply to Plews and Wall. auctioneers, surveyors, and house agents, 34, Poultry, and Claphana-road. HIGHGATE.-Fitzroy-park.-Mtessrs. Rushwort3h and Jarvis ame inatroctedf to LL'T on LEASE. mfornisbod, or to Disposoeof teLc ease, for a long term, at aground rent.,of avlery desirable detached BESIDEN CE;standing in its own grounds of about four acres. omanrented with fine beech treees srubberies, ke., and commandinj beautiful viewvs of R;enwrood and ampeed-lcalb. The house contains nine bed anod dressing rooms, elegant drawringroom, dining room, a nd library, good domrestic of fioes, stabimg, &c pplyr to 3Messs Rnshworth and Jsria, Seville-rowv, Begert-street, snd 19, Obhage-alley-, CornhiliL T IVERPOOL.-To Silversmiths, Silkmercers, Dra- pers, Outfitter,, Re., in a large way of businems-The owners of LAND, at the coiner of Bold-strect, Berry-street, and Wood-street, Liverpool, uponwhichitisproposedtobuildsereral shops, wit, lofty well-ligisted sow rooms on the first floor. are ready to TREAT for a LEASE ofthe whole, or of parts. Bold-street is the leading and most fashionable street for shopsin the towvn, and the premises will. at the comer of a great thoroughfare, possess great advantages for the display of goods. Plans of the intendedbuildings may be seen, and further particulars had, on application to MIr. H. Fleld, architect. 69, Iincols's-inn-fields, London. F?OOKSELLER's and STATIONER-s BUSINESS J.P (in a lending thoroughfare at the west end) for SALE, conducted by the present proprietor for nearly 5S years, who is now retiring. The above concern offers an eligible opportunity for the outiay of a moderate capital, it being capable of great improvement. The premises are large and commodious. Terms for lease of premises (held at a very low rental), stock, fixtures, c.., £700, part of which need only be paid at once. Apply to Mr. A. Chesterton, estate :agent, 8, Lower Phlilimore-place, Kensingtoi. ~IrED)ICAL (leading) PRACTICE.-North lidd' ls land,-£600 to £700 .unnMUaly for Sale.-Its sea. dc. proximity' also iiland and railway advantages, sustained by several appointments, with well-to-do residents. would suit one gentleman or two friends. Noble anddwealthy visitants enrich the place and add (if any wanting) increased tone, scope, and respectability to the spot. Apply to Henry Hiuch Pye, barrister, mnedirt agent, adviser, arbitrator, and referee. 7, Harleyford-street, Rennington-par;, London: ofic hours 9 to S, and later by special appointmens, E XTENSIVE and desirable. MANUFACTURING J1 PREMI1SES.-To be SOLD, by Private Treaty, all those extensive CHYIACAL WOR}KS, situate at Prestatyn, in the county of Flint. at the mouth of the river Dee, and within 200 yards of the Chester and HolyheadRa£1vi3y.-rith large vitriol chamnbers condensers, ing powder, and chdom3to of apfoimis. hABttacahaend tothe wrk3s are ah chiunmey 200 feet high, two steamz engines, mills, wiarehouses, sheds, stables, counting-house. workmen's houses. and two commodio s cottages with g3rdens. and two fields. There is a sidingand branchfrom the railway to the works, and also a tram-ret to the quay, a ongside Iof which v,essels of about 10 tons buden can discharge an oad. A never-failng stream of pmur water passes through the rorls, and coat can be supplied from the neighbonrng collieries- at a cheap rate. The situation is admirably adapted for carrying on an extensive trade at the modt moderate costs, having railway and water conveyance within 200 yards of the premises, wlich might be converted. to any other purpose if requied, For fiuther particulars apply to Mlerits, eehert I Norrs and -Son, solicitors. North John-street, BLverpool ASH~ nrrey-FREEOLl) OUS coaeh-house £.A bles largye garden to be SLOL, othhihrd,near lth Capand the ttinApplytoMB anm Vale of Health, Ash. VI¶NSBURY-CIRCUS.-To be LET, a FAMILY .L' RESIDENOE replete with every convenience, in good substantial and ornamenta repair. with immediate possession. For particiamar apply to John Pexry. house agent, 61. London-wall. . XfEW-CROSS.-T6 be LET, Furnished, a semi-de- X% tahed OTTAG, onhigh groundl, on them2ain road. wvithin three minutes' wRalk of two railways:- good garden back and front; contains nine rooms andwash-house, Apply at Roslin Cottage,oonuterhill. New-cro~. a or 5, Poultry. G E TEP.-PLAtE,Portman-square.-A private RZSMFCB~ avin gwdaccominodntion for a moderate-sized family, in the bspato loerpac.to be LET, Farnished, from the Jars'week- in Ahay, for the season or a longer period, at a moderate rent. MNay he viewed by tickets fro.31r. Elsood?s ofrice. 9S. Wimpole-st. 1MI1E-EKD-ROAfl.-To be SOLD, -it-h immeM diets orcupation. TWO subatantial eight-roomied HOUSES, wBitha Out-buildings and wash-house, situate in the vicinity of the 3Mie-endroad, Ifnot shortly.sod by private sale they willbe offered by public auaction). Particulars of T. s. It. Jubilee-street, M,ie-end, - T-&U.L-MaALL1.-To be SOLD, the valuable LEASE, IVmodern Furniture, and Connexi'on of a first-class LODQGIIGHOUSE, held at a low'rent, the returns ot wvhich are upwards of £z00 peranu. To.blewviwd byappointment,and for furthie~rparticulars apply ait Mlr. Arbor's offices. 1. M~ount-street, Berkeley-square. (1 LCESER-PLAE, yde-park.-To be LEZr 4Ji for the season. well and completely Furnished,. one of the be RIOUSES, facin Westhourne-cresoent. It comprises five reception, eight or ten be rooms, conservatory, goodi servants' offies, with stablini. if required. Appl to Mr. W. Greene, auctioneer and estate agent, ti. Conduitsstreet, VIetbourne-ter-ace. KING-STR-EET. Fortmau-square.--A desirable KHOUSE tob)eLET on LEASE, Convenientlyarange,d for.letting to advantage, the situation offering many opportunities, from its proxicmity to the Bazaar and general convenience, to secure tenants. Tho tenant may be accommodated -with the furniture and immediate possessGio. Apply at~No. 14; or to Mr.Robins,Covent-garden, IGHGAT.-South-grove.---To be LET, unfufrH nised. Pdthiminediate possession, a desirble RSI[DENCE - Containing ante room, dining and drawing rooms, five bed rooms, twi wae-lst,good kitchiens: productive garden -with greenhouse. watrd laion. and other conveniences, APply to MessrTs.Ttham and Sons, IL Staple-imn, Holhorn. S A E ,near Kensington- adn.- o be B AYT AJSflL RESIDEN CE,cotiigsvnbdrm, bathrooim with hot and coldwater laid on. irr,daigaddnn rooms, usual domestic offices, replete witheercovnne:gre at front and back, Bent £110per annum,Saligm.b a if required, Apply to' Mr. A, Sanders 9, Wabnegoe ywtr PRL 3S6-BOYLE EYE,and Co hv A PatLrrese`ut o'n their REGIlMI somfexuedsip JOSS furnished, unfurnised, and frsl and assistance given on application at their office 0 iinpao Hyde-park-square, (ILOCESThI-1PLACE, Hye _akT eLET, G FurnUised, from the beginning oMatilhendfJuly, a gzood F-A =LY HOUSE, at the Tery low reto i una -weekBoyle. Bryden, and Co., Ill, Albion-place,Hdepr-qa, TZYDE-PARK, near Gloeeste'qure,-To be ~LET, HLIforthreeorfourmonths, acomfortblFRXISH DHOUSE, containing five becl rooms, four receptio rooms an eln oestic offices, Apply to Boyle, Bryden, adCo., 10I linpse Hydepark-square. "I LOCESTEP-TERRACE Hye-park-To be LET,' VWunfumnished, one of those gente REIECS iut t the Appy t Bole,Bryen.andCo. 10 AIionplae,Hyde-park-squareL[YD -PA K.- essr. S ithand Chapman are IL astrcteto ET,elegntl Funised,for the ensuing season, ISthadChapman ace instruce oLT elyFrihd o a shor olngperiod -a desirableREI NC,earnwudh let if reurd ihor -without serat.Apya h saeofcs I3ORTLAKD-PLACE (close to- esrs. Smith Lnnd hapmn aminstructedto LET, moat completely and handsomly urnshe, acommodious and first-class FAMILY RESIDENC, cmpriingfour attics, four best bed, and three dressing roos, ursry do, toelegantzand spacious drawing rooms and best bedrom,nobe diingroo, lirln-,bd anidrssigrDooas, excellent Aplat teestate offices, et.,TRegent-street. C'AVENDISH-SQUARE (immediate vicinity).- Y,JMessrs. Smith and Chapman are instructed to LBT or SELL the LETAS of a desirble FAMILY RESIDEINCE, with the extra floor of bed roomas, The furniture, which is nearly new, and of the best manufacture, may be hadl, if required, a bargain, For termis, &n., apply at the auction and estate offices, 288, Regent-street. SuLRREY, 1.2 miles from town, and writhin live K_miue'walk of a Station. on the Croydon and Epsom line.- Messms Smith and Chapman are instructed to LET, elegantly Fur-. nished, or Disgose. of the advantageoua Lease of, a capita RESID)ENCE. standing in its ocan groundus of from six to eight acres - coachhouse, stabling, and every convenience. May be viewed by cards, obtained at the estate offices, 288, Begent-sireet, A LDERSHOTT.-Firs-at Situations for Shops, .L3which amemush needed in the locality in idershott-streetneiar, the permanent Banracks,-FBEEHOLD) LAD,in plots of not lesg than 20 feet frontage, to be SOLD or LET on BUMIDNgG LEASES:also a newlybuiIt House, with Shop, opposite the permanent Barrcks' for Sale,with inmmediate possession, Apply to SIr. Budge, estate agent. Farnham, ])ALSTON.-To be LET, at the half-quarter, a kYconvenient semi-detached COTTAGE, near the Park-road, Dalston, containing two parlonrs, three bed rooms and a dressing room, and two kitchens, with good garden, Somne of the fumnituro Iand tenant's dxturestobetalkenatavaleation, Rent£l5peraunm- Addressto A,B., ML%r. Lucrhurat's, 4, victoria-place, Queen's-road, Dalston. REGEN~.PARK.To be ET, elegantlv Fur-- orsfe moth, vey esiabe AMIL'Y RESI- II) EGENTWs-PARK.-TobeLETonLEASE,acaipitaI Iiij FAMIL.YRESIDENCE, most desirably situate in the.Albertroad, The house commands an extensive view over the park,and contains a spacIous ball and staircase, an elegant drawing rDoom, dfining room ante room, library, airy bedrooms, and excelent OfiEces, including a spacIous room on thze basement. For particulars and cards to view apa ly to Mr. G. Murphy, agent, 28, Stanhope-streot, Glocester. road, Regents-park F1KNCHLEY.-A small HOUSE to be LET, in the ma'-in road, aide entrance small garden in front and largerminrear, plenty of good water. Contains four rooms, iritchen, closet, &c. REnt £14. Taxes £2 10s, Locality healthy, Omnibuses pass the door several timnes daily from the Bank, Post-office, and west-ewd, About three miles from omnihuLs station at Archway Tavern, Mlgbgnte. Apply en the premises, 1, Arlington Cottages, Fincbiey, a short distance past the Torzington Tavern, j)LA2NDORD-SQURE.-TobeLE,Fr rousy fmishd, nd n exellntondiion aFo pearticlrand tbaroug fareof helea,wel drine (spartel) ito he miain sewer, within TITESIRABL-E INVESTMENT for £t550, to pay If percet,,cler f goun rnt,by urhasnga PAIR of complet smll ILLARESDENES, uil byan arhtc in the best maner avig pateglas, arbe mntes,and in every way eleganty ~ishd; ravl sil,goo drinae, nd ardns.Both let to resectbletennts Fo patiulas drec toMr.Smih,Albioa-road, F OR he SASOK-Fro thebegnni of May. To b LE, a rivte OUSE sutedton a amnfamily, in the immeiateneigbourood f Hde-prkan Keningin-gadeu; condresingroo; god dmesic ffics, as,useofpiao a pewichr, Eigh gunea a eekA, ., hin's,pes-ofice LitleSussex-place, 1I'URNLISTED RESIDENCE to be LET, GilstonFL read, Brompton, from the jst of May, for four or six monthis. The villa residence is fitted up with every convenience consisting of four bed rooms, two sitting rooms, and good domest-ic offices, garden and fore-court, For particulars and cards to view apply to Mlr. Gee. Cooper. auctioneer and estate agent, 7, Caroline-place, Queen's-elms, LBrompton, F REHOL) HUSES i~theCity.-To be SOLD in cnseuene ofthedeah oftheowier, a substantially-built FIREEHO LDAHOSE,i pOpuLou Teighernrand inffthe iyofs L ondn cloe tISOSEDsOF, gath-treetprduinge a Iekl ethal bf en 10 and 4, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anprftal F OUS E to be HOTE, Tavisern, andvr Cowfteehosei to b oraeDIP SEDxOF wtithsemm-eedai aiate ,ea n, t hasebeemeanyd year estabisahed w, and habonanke aust o nowofdthe moot imcortaint lrestablishents ofuritshkid dningLondon Then preomises areanecessrily exesiv e, om.drsit and haercetyea rea cnexpense boesen putfint comlet ordr liloatthe businesi of the most repectabl ande profiablof descripion, P rtimiacsmayeotainryrow nc wipal is o appirthinciv H_ OUSE fto be LET Funihe,un eyso tems. takenHfOURHaOar.Itinoem-dtahed andsEuaEinThesneighbOradon adshl et nd'ha , esthber no ewl donetup aor conain lageandwel feniheddinng nddrawing rooms., breakfas room cl be roms,dres dtto nd eryconenint ome-ti ofices and ate lai onatte to oftia houe, ppl f Araddess to Ms andDOSE-SUAB.TobeLE. itERfr ande monThso by he ears vry legntl an copleelyFU50DH.D Lad A2ogenle servtor, cpitl ,ningooulhray, nd athrom,lrges aivnd aiery esiAbLeUeAntaLer modEratle rentwill.T be aceped TApl ton )5esas BookerN an Sn,13 Lowrk eyour-sereLT, Pofrtia-qusre.t to esss.Howrd ndDolina, oliitos,141 Fechreb-treet Mur.e ]R1OUSE and FURNITURE.-To beLE,ion a aNta FAMILYDRESDENCRE, in compEtEHreair LA-NyDprt " vithinfrgoD oursi,do enendOLIc off m ar ilefromdtahisaem eliible, as the T suriturleaisanotl exptute,ind themirea ofou isingle gentlemen an ouping dapriong atd dinie raeof£100 a-edr.oFo, particular wapply bousMr.aParker.a42, ceppel-oteeat, Russell-square.n s BooThe rentand. tonxesndert £130ce.Thladiinarnfn 0 ceofwch w 'ith good trouse, tow be four oneamilegromth abouhamre Rilway Sta~tion,andtnearethe ndecrhottatilitary RuinpmettlyThe hous -an qcnan drawing dcand diningproom,ivetorbedros,abkitchedcn,cwash doungse.and celars, coach-ouse and stable -with man' inrodutom tosver, al conveientoffies, he lnd i in rin fene, 4 acreslof wicht ttron tivaion,andherenaideriheaia he .and wa 's catypucableof tithe, Applto Mr. Rudg, estate agnt,iFaraFom JVOUNDRN REIKDUSNCESS foar teSeaE, foin onese quenc fom (gthe decease fBthe propietr-netbished. 0hJleit conrn desoing sevn haoemtglos-a retail, wANIth ean inrodutiond tomsevea good dealler,ad gardeneratood contract ouz supynd ubiisitto wisthr rtd~atgte about 205l -ee o five. mo th unxird; alsothcom ftortbl ightroomed Hou she,trdb wthrodea dpeies cnpatto. napable ofed besagl. aexsncaigy aiong poi8tio,sloingtwrsthfe sdth COtYanxteRYi DrE.nIDeNCE, dnear the Sonhuch f bour aio fneromBigstuof,To e LD,ut furoishe&way wIthimmehadiateps sessvaion, and excelled coAdiLion McSION, spcalled Pontad hems. wiinth drwained rdens, goody coachhoses andor nmebringcipalesr andthe ~swnasTuberesd rom alintherabPut 25 acres, Theeboest stands withi Ait -n to esss.xpartoneve, em andaearpevillagslchurc,Aso; arM Wlisnestate and ho -' agent, 163, Worth-street, 339ghtn,"
SALES BY AUCTION. At the Mart, To-morrow. i~ESSRS. NORTO.', HOGGART, and TIRISTbos- to inform the public. that the variousPROPERTIES, advertiseed for S ALE, at t, e Mart, To-morrow, at 12, will be offered in the followinZ order. vi2- 1. Turnham-green, Middlesex, Freehold Cottage Residence, situate opposite the new clurch. 2. Shares in Putney and Fulbam-bridge. in four lots. 3. Westminster. Freehold Property, situate in Orchard-street and St. An's-street, and Policies in the Pelican Insurance Office, in four lots. 4. Freehold Property. situate in Weleclose-square. .Neptune-street, St. George's-in-the-East. Duke-street, Spitalfields, and a F'reehold Public House and Gin Shop, situate in Lower East Smithfield, in four lots. O:d Eroad-street. Household Furniture. Stone Vases, Fountains, &c.-Early Sale. iiESSRS. HAMINIONDandEILOAMT will SELL 1 by AUCTION, at their great Rooms, 28, Chancery-lane, To-morrow, April IS. at 10 for 11, a quantity of useful second-hand HOUSEIHOLD FURNITURE. and a small stock of artificial stone fountains, st2tues, vases, -c., suitable for gardens; 500 vols. of law and miscellaneous books. On view the day prior, and catalogues ready. Valuable Leasehold Investment, situate Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 31, Cleveland- road, Downharm-road, Islington; 77, Downham-road, Islington: 51, Arlington-street, New North-road. and 2, Lucan-place, Hyde-place, Hoxton: all let to substantial tenants. TEWVISON' ansd MAlENNING will submit to public V AUJCTION, at Garraway's, on Tuesday, April 22, at 12 for 1, the above PP.OPERTY, in seven lets which will be found wellworthy the noice of thos.e about to invest capital: lease 97 years; ground rent £5 Ss. For further particusiars apply to hlr. Perkis, T61, Dowuharn-roadl at Garrawavrys - or of the auctisneers, 15. Frederick-place, GoswecU-road near th.e AVngel. Hyde-hall Farm. near Chebnsford, Fssex.-Capital Oak and Elm Timber. MIESSRS. DICKSON and DAVENPORT wil SELL by 'UCTION. at the Lion and Lamb Inn, Chelmsford, To-morrow. Apile1r. at 2 for 3 afPtreoon,by direction of the Proprietor SLXTY-SLX caPital OAK and FOUJR fine ELMt TREFES, standing and' growing on Hlyde-hall Farm. in the prinsh of Great Waltham, and a srked nith white paint. ray be viewed on application to Jar Lee, the trenat, of who, catalogues may be had, and atthe inns atWrittle, GreatrBaddow, Wltham,sBroom neld, Great and Little Waltham; at plce of sale: and of M4essrs. Dickson and Davenoort. land sc ents and auctioneers, 32. Ruckleesbuiy. Wiell-nmade modern Furniture, Plate, Plated Articles, Mtoderator lRamps, and other Effects; principallyremoied from St. Jamesastreet. I,TR. ROEBT REID will SELL, at his Rooms, 11' tons Gra Carlborough-street. 1on 1nday, c21 at 11gfor 12 precisely, FURsITRE, comprilsing drawing room rsite in rousewood, leo card, Occasional. and fancy tables, cabinets, chimney and pier glasses sideboards, cheffoniers, set of dining tables. BryUTsels and other carpets bFrench and Arabian bedsteads with hangmigs, bedding, Wardrobes, chests of drawers. basnoth-nds, dressing tables, toilet glasses, bed chamber furniture, kitchen requisites and other eldects. 31aYbe viewned on Saturday. and c.atalogues had. 3Va0 tens of Callined Ironstone, 12 Rildway Mfuck, Waggons Three Draught Hiorses M1etal Rails, a Pony Chaise, and numerous Effects. cESSRS. PLEWt S and WaALL arc directed by the 1Ftl Assignees of air. D. Elsam to SELbL by AUCTIO, at the Bugbrook Ironstone Works, Noerthamptenshire, nearthe Weedon Station of the Eaoden and sorth-Roesmtewn Raowy, on Tuesday, ApriY 22, at 12ifoci, the above EFFEcTs and miscellaneous t TrIan S: including beech planks, elm boards. barrows rod iron, an anvil, two t;f t. grinding otfnes, a bean mil and block, a level, pAcks, forks, rakes, riddles. hmamerSl crow-bars, and other utensils, patent bricks, dralning pipes, tiles, kc 31aY be viewed the day prior to the s, and catalogues had at the place of sale; at the principal inns at Weedon and Northampton aLnd of the auctioneers, 34, Poultry, and Clapham-road. Valuable miscellaneous Property, including Jewvellery, Watches, .and Clock s. Plate, and Plated WYare, danc Islseblo Groups and Figues, a portfolio of beautiful Drawvings. Objects of Vertu, town-built Carflage. sets of Efarners, double-action Harp, &c. - EB. PHlLLIPS is instracted, to SELL byr kilO- -L TION. at his great Rooms. New B ond-street, THIS DAY, 17th instant, at 1 precisely, by order of the Pro rieter. an AtSSEM gAGB ef valuablO JVEWlELLhY and GOLiD WV,TC}HES of superior make, elegant mantel and table do,cks, Plate and plated ware, a portfolio of beautiful vater-c°l°u - drawinsby,Pmout,C.Stan1ield. Wright, Moller, and ethers by old Dutch and Italian m,asters, beautiful mu;itrs, crigi nal groups ma marble of Cnp;d Riding on a Lsion, the Guardian ,Argel, Boy and Dog, 3 deptured chiraney.piece, ancient bronzes, a donrlbieaction harP by Serenet, towin-built carriage, several sets of capital harness, and miscellaneous objects. MJay be viewed the day ;7re7l0oa two the sitS and4 ctalof3ues them had, ReverSion to £500 Consols, on the decease of a lady not less tban 76 (iflEINOCK and GlSWO)R;lY ar'e ectedby lllor-sto S y TIb N aCTION, atthe io st. on Thursday, Mlay 15. at 2 the amuable KIVIR8IO* eo LDOB'TElIRD Betlin of .350 orunols, winerted in the ambles of tahi a resoectabe trustees Particulars may be had of W. W. 9isher, Req., SolidtOr, 3, King-treet, Chi apsde: and oS the auctioneers, 28, Regent-street, BrughteL-Noble Freehold M£ansion, in. the heat part of the lewI, facing the sea: let on leman at £ f0 per avinnm A t-e Kinest-r moent.-Ie Postponed tO May15S. C JIIIi2NOCK and GALSWORTnY have beer favoured with instructions from the Executors of the late Lad HIothain to SELL by AUCTION, at the Auction Miart, on Thursday, May 15. the suhatantially-bollt FRhEEOLD MA£NtSION, being No. 33. Brusicl-terrace, desirably situate at the tenth-wes6torner, facing the sea, and commanding a fine view of the King's-road, having portico entrance, large ball noble dining ansd drawing rooms, beudoss, hosrary, numnerous best anu. secondary bed charnbers, and te usual domestic ofices;* together with a four-stall stable and coachhouse adjoinling, entered from the mews in the rear, and having a private entrance from the house. This property is let on a lease for a term, seven years unexpired, to the Dowaper Countescs of Rcosse, at the moderate rent of .£230 per annum. Can only be viewed by permison of the tenant. Particulars obtained of Thom*asGoldin sq., solicitor, Walsham-le-Willows, Suffolk; and of Mesam. Uhinock.ad Galsworthy, auctioneers and land agents, 28. Regent-street, London. 2,000 dozen of splendid beeswing Port, guaranteed all of One quality. Sandeman's brand and shipping, vintage 1840. bottied in 1845-6, the property of a private gentieman. for absolute Sale. CIHINKO CK s,nd GALSWRTHiY are favonred with instructions from the Proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on 3Monday, May 5, at 1 precisely, the above extensive and important CELLAR of FORT WlI>NZ; now lying where it was bottled in a vault, in Tweezers-alley. in Milford-lano, Strand, where it ruay be Inspected and Sampled, and from whence it will o delivered. This wine was purchased by the present owner during the panic of 1S45, waus immediately bottled, and has 5ince been 4ing undisturbed in the vault where it was laid down, the owner having resided for many years of the period abroad. The ivine is Of very fine delicate quality in splendid condition. good colour, superior flavour, dry, and ful of beeswing. It seil be sold from one sample, and the bulk guaranteed of equal character to that tast-e, and wiU be lotted to suit both the trade and private gentlemen. lMessrs. Chinnock and Galsworthy beg particulariy to iirect the attention of the public to this extraordinary asd genuine sale at a time when wine of such a character is only to be obtained in small quantities, at fabulous prices. Hotel proprietors, club-houses, and the trade generally wiU find this sale particularly deserving of their especial notice. Sample bottles wiU be sent to any part of the country upon proper application to Meaim. Chinnock and Galsworthy. the auctioneers, 21, Regent-street. ine Hundred and Seventy Paintings, imported direct from Stuncs.- and cleared from the Bonded *Warehouses by the Auctioneers, withiout reserve. CHINNOCK and GALSWORTHY wrldiSELL by J AUCTIONc, on Wednesday, May 7, at 1U at the Sale tooms, 21, Old Bond-street, 170 vaolable PAINT TNhGS. 'te property of a gentkman at Munich; comprising works of the Italian, Clemish, Spanish, and French schools, incuding several galery pictures of scriptural sad classic suhiectrs,numerous cabinet paintings, ke, May ho viewred two days prior, and catalogues had of the auctioneers, 2S, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. PanopticenSurplus Scientific Appsratus,-Tsro explensive Newvtonian Telescopes, 12 in. diameter, focal length 12 feet. CH INNOCK and GALSWORTHY aredirected by r ho 0ousci of the Panopticon to SELLT by AUCTION:, at the Auction Rooms.21, 2.Old Bond-street, on Thursday. May, at 1, a art-e quantityof SUEtPLUS SCIET o TIFIC APPAscrATdb S; couns,ting oF b ,vo tnlslIte and one cyiendet electric machine, galvanic and electric batteies,Bunsen's battery, with gutta percha cels, plate po3shiog lathe, copper gas hoelders, and numerous electrical, galvanic, phoographs, ehymical. and hydraulic apparatus, together with twovery expensive astronomical telescopes, of great size aid powver, series of proof portraits of membe rs of the Linnean Society. Catalogues of MCessrs. Chianoek and GaConorthy, aucttoneers, 2$, Regent-street, WaterlooPlace. £12 as. per annum.-Freehold Ground rents, wel secured. HlINEOCHIandNGALSWORTAY wil SELL by A t UCTION, attthe Mart, on Thursday, May 15, atlI, a FtEIHOLD9GROUJND RENT, of £10, wlle secured by four houses, at Fiatham, with reversion thereto inI 44 years, and freeholc ground rent of £5 Is. Ser aunum secured by two hosnes, 2ith rever5ion im 16 years. PaS-tihsarseet theoauctioneers; and of geam.Rohimon andTomlin, soldeitoes, 4S, Conduit-street. Regent street. Chelsea.-Very eligible Freehold Investments, comprisingo173 ouses, producing shout £105 per annulm; and Freehold Ground Rents, amounmting to £66 14s, per aanum.-By direction of the Devisees under thse Will of the late Win. Coles, Esq. 1UGESSRS.VCHITYOCK and GALSVORTHYSare .1.1 directed to SELL. by AUCTION. in lots, at the Mart, on Thursday. MIay 15. at 1 precisely, SEVEN'TEEJn vgaluable FBEEHOLD EOJuSES, situate and being Nos F 25 and 26, 32to 45 inclusive, and 45 Smith-street, bine's -oad, Chelsea, alU in the occupation of good and old tenants, at very low rents; also £6614s. per annum in wlle-secured Freehold Ground Rents, arising out of oost 1, 2, 3, and 4, Glooesterplace, King's-road, and 22 and 23, Smith-street, with stabhng en rear. The property will be offered in lots, affording a most desirable opporinnity for inveitmere. Mnay ho iewed by permission of the truants; and particulars had of John Mtartin, Req., 2, NXew-square, Linooln's-inn; Thomas Lyde,. Fsq., 1, Siitre-ccurt-chombers, Tem,Ple; C. w. Walgae <q1.Manor-terrace, King,'s-ro.ad; at the Mart; and of oessChnock and Galaworthy, auctioneers, 28, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. Snssex.-Vhluable Copyhold Farm. nearly equalto Freehold, comprising 12a. 12r. 19p. of excellent Land, with capital Farm-house, Home-. CHIIiINOCK and GALSWORTHY will SELL by AUCTION, on Thursday. May 15. at the Mart, city, at 12, by direction of the Tnsstees of the late Mr. John Wright, of ntbacm, the valuable ESTATI,I, brown as Jeffries' Farm, containing 52o. 12r. 11p. of very productive uamble and pasture land,in a goose state of cultivation., lyinginacring fence.elosi to the village of torbtedkeynes,3b miles from Inmdiield. and 4_ from the Satifon at Hnaydard's-heath, ontco Brighten Railway, having thereon a capital fam-house and homestead, two new+ly-built cottages, ho. The eshtte in copyhold of the manor of horh ted greyne at nominal finey certain 'and quit rent. slay oe viewed, and particulars, with plas, obtained at the Crown, eorsted Eeynes;iRaellay in, lhayward's-heath: of lessrs. Robinson and Tomhav, solictors. 48, Conduit-street, Eegentstreet: hir. W. F. ammond, r4,Noel-strest, Soho: Mr. J. R. Waright, 16. Pomona-place, FuIham; and of lessrs. Chinmock and Galtsrorthyi auctioneer, 2$, Regent-street, Waterioo-place, London. Finchly. an iddtesexf -r oesirable Freehold Estate, comprising 113a. Or. 19p, of very fertile Land. Two Residences Cottages, &o. ('IHINNOCK and GALSWVORTHY wTill SELL by Va JasCTION, on Thusday, Slay the 15th, at 12 o'lock-, a the Mart, lunless previously alsposed of by prlvate contract), the fmportant FREEHIOL.D ESTATER brown as Groats Farm or Grams Farm, situlate near the Church. Finchiey- coca prising an excellent fanily residence, seated in a finely timbered parkrof about 30 acres, nithlands adsoinin,e of aWbeautifullyedulatin cEharacter. oontagutn'togethers houtSl acres. lyingina ring fence, and embrawor y someo the highest ground at Finchiey, peculiarly eligible as building sites; also several detached paddocks containing Waout 23 acres; an excellent familyresidence, situate in the high road, and several cottages and gardens, having very eigible frontges, &c. The estate, whichalies contigUous t, main roads, is the greater part land-tax redeemed, and is tithe-free,exepta smallportion.the;titheseof lhichohave been cogmuted foe's small rent-charge. Land in this locality is dally increasing in value, and the chief part of the property being sold, with possession, offers uusual opportunities for an unproving investrment, it being especially desirable for occupaion. Particular may be obtainedVof Messrs. Jans. Taylor, Mason, and Taylor8,solCtors, 1, Furn,vaRs-gnt olbore; of S.eB.m Redford andEPiq ck, soliditors. and oeam.Webf and Buck, surveyors, WVorcester; of Joel Foster Earle. land agent, 24, Thavies-inn. lIolhorn; and of Messrs. Chinnook and Galsworthy, ant. tioneers and land agents, 2S. Regent-street, Waterloo-place. Fulham.-Freehgl, Copyholds and leasehold Heouses, and Suar tg Land. C HINNOCK and GALSWORTHY will SELL by _/AUCTION;, by direction ef the Trustees of the late olr. Jno. Wright, on Thrurday Soay 15, at the Mart,at 12aTEhREE FREEH:OLD HiOUSES, NRos. 1, 2, and 16, Pomoua-ptsce. King's-road ; two leasehold houses, dos. 14 and 15,Pmona-tulace ;three copyhlld homses,ofo having utcheSsshop, situate in Parsor'sagreen-lane, a cottage mn the rear, with sheds, yard, and a valuale plot of buildng grond, opPOsite bell's Cottages, having a frontage of 65 feet;* also a row of four houses, one with capital bakers a hop riingNo.u1, 2, 3, and 4, High-street, Fclham Rthe wvhole in the occupation of good tenadts, at rents amounting tothout U£2o0 per annum. Particulars maybe had of ar. J.R. Wright, 16. Pomona-lace; of Mhr. W. F. HIammond, 14 Noel-street. Soho, of Messrs. Robinson andlomrln, solicitors. 4. Conduit street, Regentstreet of S. B. Sinden, Req., solicitor. 14, Parliament-street; and of 31easrs. Chinnock and Gals-worthy. 25, Regent-street, WVaterloo-place. Glamorganshire, Soulth *Vales.-Impertant Freehold Estates, near the a with imstlhryions to SELI. by AUCtION, at the Sfart, London Ion Wednesday, June 11, at 12 (unless previously disposed of by Private treaty). the tNOehL CASTLE and HOMuE FARetm t FREEHOLtD ESTATES, situate on an elevated position, near the town of theath. and cocaipnrismig a noble mansion house, seated i afinelY timbered Park, wvitn two bestutife lakea, surrounded by extensive and deilghtfui pleasure grounds, and several well-arranged farmns, lying together in a ring fence, compritesg about 1,37sacres; an excelent Residence, knowvn as P'reawylfa House, seated in the park; a Family Residence, in the lov.erpark, caled GreenwayCottage; the little oli Cottage and Offices, Woodward and Gardener's houses, and numerous Cottages, in the to wn; together with all the valuable minerals south of the Fault, in which will be found inealanstiblo veins of coal; imPortant Manorial Rights, evtending over a large adistrict of the s aurounding coutry, L ith royaltes, fines, quit rents and rights of fisherY in the river teath; the Castle Hotel, in the tow;n of Neath-the whole producing an actual and estimated rental of £1,868 per annfmm alao the Manor of Aberavon, with al the valnable minerals, including Craig-y-Tewgoefd, now held under lease by SIserss. lewellyn -end Sans, and the taluable piece of Land, bnown as the G1oll maoans, lying adjacent to the river, between Neath ard Briton ferry, containing about 132 acres. Plans and particulam ll be publisheps one aonsth before the sale, and may o obtained of 'Willam B. Webster, E_q., the Gnol. Neath, Sout Wales; of aMessr. Osbore, Ward, and Co., solicitors Bristol- at the Auctiorn Mart and of Messrs. Chinnock and Galfsrorohy, auctionee and land agents, 2S, Regeut-steset, WVatecbao-placo. London. t Preliminary Advertisement,-Exctensive and very valuable Freehold Estates in South Wales. CHIN'NOCK and GALSWVORTHY bog to atppse xJgentiemen seeking goed landefdinvestments in South Walesthat they have received instructions to offer to public AUCTION, in June next, the very valuable FREEHIOLD ESTATE of Feel-alit, in the county of Cardigan, comprising betwecen 4,000 and 5,000 acres, all let to good tenants at low old rents. The preperty is particularly eligible on account of its minerals. More detailed advertisements willshortly appear. Particulam may be obtained of Mressrs. Tatbam, Upton. UJpton, and Johnson, solicitors, 20, Austinfriars, city; and of r.fesas. Chmnnoek and Galsaworthy, aucotioneers and land agents, 2$, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. North Riding of Yorkshiire.-Valuable Freehold Farm of 136 acres of capital Meadow anid ArabIe liand, situate betwreen Pickeringand l;irby Moorside, 20G miles from York, and 20 from Scarborough. CHEINNOCK and GALSWVORTHY wil SELL by XJAUCTION, at the Black Swan HIotel, York, on Saturday. Junue7, (unless previously disposed of byprivate contract,) the valuable ESTATE of 186a. Ir. 22p., l;nownasnBittle Edstone Farm; consisting of 100a. 3r. 31p. ct freehold land, in the townsthip of L.ittle Efistore. 33a. Ii: 16p, of freehold land, in the township of K<irby Moorside, and 2a. Or. 14p. of land, leasehold for Sii9 years, in the township of KSirby Mtoorside, all in the N orth Riding of the county of Yorl;, .about 36 acres being rich pasture and the remainder productive 1amble land, in a high state of cultivation, with a good homestead, consisting of a stone-buiilt farmhouse and substanti.al out-buildings, 'in excellent repair, and situlate in a highly in proving part of the countY, near the high road, seven msiles from Pickering. three from Kirby IMoorside, about 20 miles from York aiid thse seine from Scarboroug,h, and within seven miles of a railway station on the Mlallen and Whiitby Railwvay. The estate is in the occupation of MJr. William Cussons, as yearly tenant, at the low rent of £1200 per annum. Particulars, with pslans, may be obtained of SlIesers. Piekering, Tocapson. and Co., solicitors. 4, Stone-buildings, Lincoln's-inn; Stlesors. Burley and Carlisle, soiicitors, 8, New-square, Lincoln's-inn; at the Black Swan HIotel, York; the TalbOt Inn, at 31alton; White Horse Inn, Kirby Sloorsiele; and of Messrs. Chhmnock and Galsworthy, asectioneers and lane agents, 28, Regent-street, Waterloo-plae.w Mile-end, Mliddlesex, and valuable Freehold Building Land, Stratford, Essex. MR. JACKSON is instructed to stebmit to public COMPETITION, at the Auction Mart, on Tuesday. 28th inst., at 12, TWO DWELLING-HOUSES. Nos. 12 and 13, Park-terraco, Canal-road, Stile-end; each let at £21 per annum; held for a long term at a moderate ground renlt. Also a Piee of Freehold Building ,and, nearly one acre, situate on the Chobham Estate. Stratford, Essex; and Two Plots in Edith-read. Particulars maybe had at the Mlart; Gnnmakers' Arms, Canal-road; Swvan Inn, Stratford; of H. D. Draper, Eq., 45, Vincent-square, WVc5tminster; and ofthe aun. tioneer, 1t, Assembly-row, Stile-end-road. Second Day.-Capital Modern Furniture, removed from the Pantech- nicon. MR. CHARLES J. BAKER begs to announce -t -- that be YAII SELL by AUCTION, at Robinson's Rooms. 21, Old Bond-street,THIS DAY, April 17, at 12 for 1, the remaining portion of the bandsome FURNITURE, removed from the Pantechnicon, comprising mahogany four-post bedsteads, capital cleanbedding, mahogany and other wardrobes, several cets of mahogany drawers, cheval glass, marble-top wvashstands, dressing tables, a set of extending dining tables, sideboard and dinner waggon mahogany couch, easy and dining room cliirs in morocco, Brussels ansi other carpets, rosewood drawin" room smte in damask,cheffonier with glass back, rosewvood davenports ebony and or-moiie cabinet, bracket clock, barometer by Dollond, fino platehiunney glasses,.and otner effects. May be viewed the day previousandmornir,g of sale, and catalogues had at the rooms, 21, Old Bend-street, a ndatthe auctioneer's, 21, htoteomb-street. Belgrave-sq. The valuable Library of the late Rev. William Webb, D.D., F.L.S., Master of Clare Hall, Cambridge. MjIESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN 1 WVILKBINSON, auctioneers of liter ry omoperty and worls illustrative of the fine arts. vill SELL by AUCTION, at their House, 3, Wellington-street. Strand, on Tuesday, April 22, and three followimg days, at 1 predsely, the valuable LIBRARY of the late Rev. Villiam Webb . D. , F.TLS.. Mlaster of Clare Hall, Cambridge, comprising rare and important books in patristic and general divinity, English history and county topography, includling Nicho'&s Leicestershire, Ormerod's Cheshire. Dug'-ale Warwickshlre, by Thomas, Monasticn, and other works; Manning: and Bray's Srrey, Atkins's Glocestershire original edtion; Chauncey's Hertfordshiro; Thornton's Nottinghamshire; -Whitakers Yorkshire 6 vols, large paper, with manuscript ad- ditions and urawings by W. adelyffe, Rouge-Croix, &C.; splendid galleries and other books of prints, comPrising Musee Frantaise, Munich Sallery, Galerie do Florence, Ac,; first andl scarce editions o£ the elastics, including the editioPrinCePs of Herodotus, with autograph and manuscript notes of rasmus, dictionaries and grammars epedmens of early typography fine wvorks On raStural history with eohnured engravings, voyages anti travels, belles lettres, ac. May be viewed two days previous to the sale, and catologotes had: if in she country, On reeipt of twfo etaaips.' Beigate, Surrey.-A. admired 2roeoldEstate, withItesidence and M R. LEIFORnLD is instrus6ted by the Proprietor to S'ELL by A'UCTION, at Garraways, on Tiresday. Majy13, at 12 for 1, the above very valuable FREEHOLD PROPERTY, known as BElaltones, whichia amast di lishtIully situate near the New Church at RedhsiL. on a dry and elevated site, within a short distance of the Redhill and Reigate Railway Station. It comprsrle- a substantial newly. erected stone mansion, of handsomne elevation, well arrangedfor comfort and convenilence, with every necessary domestic office, laundry and dairy. fto.; garden terrace, shrubbery walks, and flower and kitchzen gardens, well stocked and planted, together with eutraneelodge and other buildings, garden and orchard, and two handsome enclosure of rich arable and pasture land; the whole containing about 13 acr2s. Blacketones is approached by a carriage drive through the land, anrd Wrm its commanding elevation embraces the finest views of the sur roundling picturesque country. The larld inaxis redeemed, and all tho Outgoings are very moderate. The purchaser to take the fixtures by valuation, and if be chooses the whole, of the elegant and appropriate furniture and appendages; otherwise, the proprietor reserves theright of selling the eatne by auction on the Premises. Particulars and conditions of sale may be had at Garraway's ; and at Mr. Leifehid's offices, 62, Moorgat e-street, city, where only e-ards 10 view may be Obtained. 1lfr. Leifehild is fully authorized to treat with any gentleman for the above property by private contract. Important Sae of Landed Estates. -Pembrokes e.-Six casa tal k'rce- hold Farms, containing 1,018 acres, in the vicinity of Si. David's, SR., n LEFisH ILaD. is instructed by the Proprietor il to SELL by AUCTIION, at the ILnriners Hlotel, Haverfordwest, on Wednesday, Jnuno it, at 12 for 1, the following vsluable and desirable ESTATES, vi7a,- Cileiffydd, in the Parishes of Llannychaer and Punchestoii, near to the capital market towni and port of FishgadcopIsiing the capital farina of Cilciffydd, CIMsa Vagwr Vrain eastand,cm vagw Vrain west. containing together 1.526 acres of arable, meadow, and mountain lands stath finely timbered woods, aloeg the valley of the Gwaen, now in the Occupation of I . Jols Meyler. Ebenezer Ideyler, John Llewellyn, and David Davies. Also. Llecha, a desirable freehold farm, near the high road from Fishguard to St. David's, in the parish of Llanbowlell, containing 196 acres of capital land, with water Power for thmirelig, &c., now occupied by Mrx. Stephen Thomas. Also, Trevanna, an excellent occupation, in tbe parish of Llandeloy, near SOIlva and WVhitchureb ; It is held by Mfr. Daniel Phillips, and contains 196 acis Nith a, good,n- dence and newly-erected homestead. The foregoing farms are in an improv-ing state: they are held at moderate rents, andL the teniants are resonfsibyle and punctuial. IParticutars and COnditiOns of sale, with plans of the farms. will be issued 21 days previous to the sale, and may be had at the Great Westeris Hotel. Fibgard; the Coinmerctal lInn Sit David's;' the Nelson Hotel, 'MilfordHaven; at the place of sale; of James Somers. Faq.. Haverlordwest: of T. L. Marriott. Faq.. solicitor, 1, Lancaster-place, Strand; and at M1r. L-eifchild's land anc, timber offices, 621, Moorgate-street. Ilaverfordwest, Perabrok-eshire.-Valuable lHouse~Proprty ad LI=s- hold and Lifekold Estates, Four Public-houses, Slp,'aeoss and Accommodation Pasture Land. hp,Waeoss LE5IFCRIliD isisrcelb the PrPlrietor- Rt.FLby AUCTION I, HttebarnrsIOtel Have odet on Wedesdcaay, June 11, at 12 for i. in numerous iots, the follow-ing uimportant and eligible PROPERTIPESwhich are situate ini the best parts of the caPital market and borough town of Haverfordwes, wvithiin a short [distanico of the South Wales Railway Station; comprising a Family Residence, with sPacious Premises, in Bridge-street. fnting Castle-square, held by Mlr. Jenkins; valuable Business Pre. mlires in rear of the same, occupied by Mr. Jardine; spaclious Storehouse and WVarehouse on the Ivest bank, of the river Cledldan. let to Mr 'W. Gough Griffiths; the Blaek, Homse Inn, in Brid(ge-street, with its etabring, yard, and ureinise extending to the river, in occupation of 'Mr. Barnard; Dwelfng-houses and Workshops, heldI by Mr. Iloyd ; spacioims Workshops and Ya-rd, with river frontage, held by Mles-srs. arychurch; theSLtaglInn in Bridge-street,in tenure of Thomas Plhillips, wiith the buildings and preomises; desirable IBus. ness Premise_s, in thie rear of the Stag Inn, abutting on the river, ocen- ped by Mr. - ; a Dwvelling-house and Piremises, en lease to Ms Elir.beth Beynon, situate in Brdge-street, and extending to the river. Also, in the Parish of Prendergast, and borough Of Haverfordwest. the Comnmercial Inn, the Ivorites' Armis, Nine Dwelling-houses and Premises, an encloseed Garden, and Twvo valuable accommodation pasture Fields, all adIjoining and adjacent to the old bridge, on the east bank of the river Cleddani, and so the several occupations of Messrs. Barnard, Farrow, Mrs. Susan Griffiths, Messrs. Thes. James, W. Jenkins, Maddocks, Morris, Owen, Plictou, and Thomias. These desirable properties arc held, some from~ year to year. some on leases for various terms, and others ona lives. They ame well situate for business pusposes, and they offer eligible on portuaities forsafe and profitable investments. Particulars and codiations of sale, with plans of the lots, will be issued 21 days previous to the sale, and may be had at the place of sale ; at the Nelsen Hlotel, Milford Haven; of James Somers, Esq., Haverfordwves' ; of T. L. Marriott, Faq.. solicitor, I, Lancaster-place, Strand; and at Mr. Leifchild's offices, 62. Moorgate-street. Valuable Freehold Farm. near Plembroke. and desirable M %arine Reel- deuices and House Property, at Tenby. Pembrolkeshire. AJR. LEIFOHILD) is instructed by the Proprietor iItSELby AUCTION, at the Lion Hlotel. Tenby, on Thursday, June 12, at I for 2, that important FREEHOLD ESTATE, known as Red Down or Floytou Farm. in the parish of fit. Florence, and abuttintg on the high read fromn Pemabroke to Tenby ; it contains 160 acres of arablc and meadlow land, wvith good homestead, and is in the occupation of Mr. Griflitbs. Also, in the parish of St. Mary, in the favourite watering-placo and borough town of Tenby, Four very gentlemanly Family Marine Residences, at the end of St. Julianstreet, near the pier and the castle, with delightful southern sea viewrs towvards St. Catherine's and Caldy Island ; they are heldI on lease by Mlrs. Ambrose Smith and Mrs. Millard. A valuable Plot of Building Ground, in St. Julian-street, on lease to William. Lock, Esq. : a Dwelling-house, in Highi-street, with pait of it gadn butting on Cresswell-street, aisoleas~ed to Mr.Lock; Dwellng. houeanldrPremises, inlFrog-street, abutting oiSt., Mary's churchiyard; and another Dwelling-house, in Frog-street, extending- back to the tori-n wall. in the South-parade, both on lease to Mlr. John Smith ; Two Dwelling-houses and Premises, in Souith-parade, leased to Mr. Henry Hlarries-, Dwelling-hiouse. Yard, and Premises, in the Norton. held on lease by W,m. Richards ; and tvwo acres of Accommnodation Lund, held by T. R. Williams. Ailthe foregoing propertyis let on lease for various terms, and the present sale offers an unusually safe opportunity forremsunerative investments. Particulars and conditions of sale, with plans of te frm nd ots wil b isued21 aysprevious to the sale, and may e bd attheplac ofsale atthe LieHotel. Pembroke; at the Nehn Htel Mifor Haen;of ame Soers Es,,Hnverfordwest - ofT L.Mariot. sq, slicto, 1 Lacaterplae,Strand; and ai M R. L IFOHID ipsinstruetedl to SELL, ina the _1 -mont of u3 ext,(uinless previously disposed of by private contract, of whbich due notice wil be given,) a must desirable and c-x. tremely valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE, which comprises an excellent family house, with every necessary appendage, and about 200 acres of first-rate land sosahsghstate ofcultivation, under the whole of which ame rich and proKlutive veins of coal of the firs quatity, valuable ironstone, do. Further and more detailed advertisements will shortly apwear. In the meantime planis, sections, and particulars miay be seen at Mr. Lcifthild's land and timber oflices. 62, Moorgate-street, who in fully authorized to negotiate a sale of the whole property with any gentlemani by private contract, Coyhold Houses.-Great Stannmore, -Middlesex. MESSISPRICKETT and SONS will SELL by M UTON, at the Mart, on Friday, May 16, in one lot, odesirable COPYHOLD ESTATE ; comprising a dwelling-house and situaeeh indtheparsehofd GEsatestmr, in the countys ofMidesex, esiated touroduce ay drentaln of the Ex, eru anu,oaf eviwd an EpriclRS. obtInKed T Th aecol ArmS. Grea istramcte; the ChndSELb Arms, IONge art;the Mart- of Mesrsdadly, 6 and12 Fidr sok-lctr,1, HGhbresam-threet cioty;as of Mreehrsd Purding land. Sovns, autoneeres and sureyos eah4 lo, S utapton-buildigestre, HC h bucry -a Fareehold and Lreaehold Estaes,ing thacunie of Middlesexmmo, atpesse, andcurrey, by directiowmn ofabrc thiEecutEevrixplt of Mr.rohnholde Stradnge ladecet ased. en otnam aigfotaefnal Iota, valu;abl reFReholdhos andLeASEhtpoLDo ESTATESg copIsinga Hackdes-irable an lesebtatild feholde residcomncditghogade, being 8F, Park-place Hivebuyth plots of freehold building land, havinn ssx;tge th.er. wiph of freeholde buiehldin lsand, ontateincthieypcommhns at pras. buidin land, atPaegrenoteham, have ontfurin farotiuages ofy nearly L.6c0lfeet;a freehlds theutouseart and eihtpot ofsm buidingtland,a Hos,auckny-ick;er anleashlduhose3, wiuthamcomn-bidingsho, beingceS, R.tuhmcor-oaWa.os in theLE rear, to Hnolbrokcourht, hisr the wixthSA L d byefehl esCTate, staten the parise of L AmDE hSAmTand Fruensham,i the cutyk l ofnSurey.darty,a may be ob-tie taiedoindue haigtime,io apoplictiosntoc.udF. Pllps Fbaqi, solryicitor,.4 Sos,autionee brs ande valucers, 14, Reetstruthampton-buildg,Cancery lae,e and Wighg.Esate, Middlesex. rok egtne fo hepi Topa Capietalists Solicitors, Tn ierastes,n fothears. th iiR. W. A. OAKLEY lSL begstoAnnUnCeThO,athi EStATeS House, . iltk lc on Tuesday, Muay 20. t1,te aitl adiparties desiousDofShAving the irpnoprtes include sitane oban everyas infor-e Isle of Wight,-in the pandiMano of Brook, lotsoeigShtamlestfrom thespm water, and comprisin aboutS65aIslr. ~0p. of ver fertile arablc. pasture, and down land, BrooKl- House, acomnfortableand substantialstone mansion, of handsome elevation, surounded by park land, luxuriantly timbered, pleasure groun(is, stabling, s.c., several farm homesteadIs, so desial lcd that the estate maay be occupied as one or several farmes. Thereare 'aexcellent preserves for game~ and the Ilee of Wight fox houndIs meet at easy distances. The prnceipal part of the estate has been in the possession and occupation of the proprietors andI their families upwards of 70 reams, who have gradually added to it, and it my nw b prnouced o b on ofthemost pleasantly situate, compct,and ertle etats intheadmied sleof Wight. anid is particlary dseringtheattntin o getienenand capitalists, either foroccpatonor nvetmet.Paricuarsatthe Mart, London ; of WVines. ESR.FULLER and HORSEY will SELL by M ACIN, onlVedniesday, April 80, at 12, at the Auction Mfart, vintages of 1840 anid 1842, bottled in 1845, 1845. 1846. anLd 1847. Quarles Harris andI Son's shipping; several bins of choice old crusted Flort, from four to seven years in bottle, Thompson and Croft's, Saudeman's, Forrester's, M~artinez', and Royal Oporto Wine Company's shipping ; 300 dec.of uperor ale,gol, an brwn Scrny, including one bm of cnetShperiryan oine bind ofri Vaults,IC Z.; 0 dc.kofqCaret,sm Buclla Jan Chmage TRGI e wins favore ly-ing inscllrs,uctiokns hos-yard,mi the soecubstoyo the auretr,tionees,bmihere thebl y beUP piublily visoewdad tate onTedy pr eviousreat to the LE SE ale. GOODWLL~ mayb thad atethek Mart a nd. fcMessrs. FaulbleNrM and Ho Py, RlTsr ESTree,It.SaMpEN,dstimayuibedhadyat anystune rvoust the saler' brms eiilsiupteriorWinogandoSpirt Vaulsrets, Brnwiek-sqeare. Th hjighetimatio in IL wiht is prapr ourz eldbwitheintruc, ndtion Garrawmy's, on Mulcptonday,i hapfri21 at 12rfor 1f (unesrs pre-evd peliilydesituae,ndebeingyfaingthen-tedeimmnt.runswick-square.arThe that the locality still embodies all the elements to ensure that succes whic hashitlertochaseteisedits anaemn,Tepmisar inexelen rpar,wel-rrngd orbuinss ad relildy eaefo a goodterm,at an dequae rent Can e vee ycrs b a Valuable Dividend, Forfeited, and other Mline Shares, for Sale. R. T. P. THOMAS has 'ecen favoured with inIVIE structions to SELL by ublie AUCTION, at Garraway's, Change-alley, Cornhill. THIS D.uY, the 17th of April instant, at one o'clockgclsely 22 Trebarvah (forfeited for non-payment of calls), 331 Kelly Bays, 16 Wheal Edward. 13 East NWhieRal ose 4 Wheat Snargaret (paying £1 dividends quarterly) 2 South Basslet (ayn Li2 IOs. dividends hi-monthly), 1 Whea Ble (paying £20 divden hi-monthIy), 26 East Margaret's (paying occasional dividends) IS East Frongoch, 1 Botallack (paying £85 dividends hi-monthly) I' United Mines (paying £1 dividends hi-month 10 Cwm Erfin (ardut to commence dvidends), 25 Wlheal Arthur, of Wheat Crebor, 180 Lisadudno, 1 Wheat Emma, 200 Mounts Bay, ItO Langford, 2NorthR assett (paying dividends bi-monthiy), the wholf of which he can confidently recmndass aoodionvsieng, and seheculations, those paying dividends be tdeing-likelyhtocontinue formany yearsto come, and thse niot paying beingkel sonu d to ommeac os Catalogues foand furtier prthculrars may boue had ofMssrs.u Watmse5on land Esere, ArilleryaSy ac,ing th0 him Rihad Dly,16 Unoncout, ldBrod-tret; heaucioeer, 2h, e Cro n-cut Thi-eadnede-spot ct; a n geeat Gardir away's. O ' Scurrey-alua FAr.oreehold and Copyhold Estates, at valton-on- Thames. Hersham, and Epsom. 1UR. W. BUTCHER has beea favouredl with instrutMLL tions from the Executors of the late Mr. William Colnsics t SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, TEHIS DAY, April 17 at 12, in lota, several eligible PLOTS of extremely valuable BiJIaXriq GROUND, near the Dtown of Walton-on-Thames, adjoining the estate of Sir H. Fletcher, in the immediate viCinity of Oatlandspark Withpa considerable fotgtothe main roadi from Walton to Shep srt also a commandin Pece of Lad, with extensive fontagetogfuurntver Thames, and opposite thetown of Sunbury. The followving Properties in the High-street of Walton-the residence of the late Mr. Collinsm-the busimespremises adjoining, in the occuPation of Mr. Dare white. smith; the dwelling-house and bakery. in the tenur of Mr Allen- a tenemenit occupied, by Charles Irons ; and four cottages in -the rear ; the house and spacious premises inlBack-street, immediatel facing the Thames an admuirablo spot for a general landing Wharf, ant(inow in the occupation of Wr. Tobias Wheatley, basketninaker. At Hersham-tho Weslceyan C hap)el, as fitted up, n ext the green - an d a Co ttage i n thea tentire of William. Martn.I the town of Eilem-the comamanding Shop and extensive Premises, in the Highi-street, in the oceiipation . W.m Charles Moore, plumber and painter; as well an the adjoining House, occupied by Mr. Charles Field as a boot and ahoo mart.IS Six o~e, wth xtesivegarens siuat onClay-hilq in the 'o=eof an. Bke, Tcker,Sknne, ndothers Way bevtewed by ermssin o th teant, 1 das peviusto the sale, Particulars The Olttto fetelt Sarnuel,R*ger&;Vn1 MJjESSRS. 'CHRISTI aiyd MANSON kespectfully gieofIetheatt,6ivereceiredinstrn e-ionsfromthe Ecectors to SELL byAUCTI , attheir great Roo-m King-stret, St. TJam6eXtSquare. ou Monday, April 2, and following d&, thuvery ' I celebrated COLLECTION ro well known iS the world, part the pro- perty of Samuel Bogers. Esq., deo>Jed; comprsin,g the whole of the choice coUection of pictureo, (with the exception of the three dne work beeeathed to the nation the eensie atemblae of Greek vases of the highest quality, ant qusandl modern marbles and bronzes, E gyptian, Greekr, and Roman a qutaes, coOn, the valuable library of books, containing man interetn marginal notfes bydsig« persons, ancient and modern engbvingy, drawings, and numneronu objects of art and vert. At the sme timev,ill be olfithe leaxe of the charmung reldence mv St. Jamer ' st lae, and the farniture. Further notice will be given. The heastifultonterth ma fergo-park. Esseto MESSRS. CHRISTIE and ION respectfully give notice that they wrill SELL by AUCTION, at the Mason, and French bul order of ethe Executor. the the property and late reeidence of Robert Fieldr esq, decease n1.comprising the wvhole of the ver, costly and beautifl furniture, tbe greater part recently supplied by Mesere, Morant andRoyd, designed with their well-known reSined taste, together with mnany fine cabinets, commods and tables of old Italian and French buhl and macqueteri the very. valuable and ct'sensive collection of Scvres, Dresden, Orlental, audi otherporcelain, Ialian and Frence brenres and ,najolica, the first portion of the cellar of very fine wine, china, glass, linen, and numerous effecta-everythingthroughout the houEe being in the best taste, and in beauvifulconds on. rseco d sale, in london, in the early Part of June, will include the remaining portion of the very choice wine, the beautiful assemblage of ancient and modern silver and silvergilt plate, the choice collection of very fine Dutch pictures, and the cabinet of agates, crystals. German andruby glass. carvings in ivory andwood, and rare enuff-boxes. Duenotice of the days ofview at PyrgowMillbegiven. Thever-importantCoUlctionof thelate Thomas Emmerson, Es.q MESSRS. CHRISTIE and MANSON respectfully 1M give notice, that they will SELL byAUCTION, at their great Room iing-street, St. Jamnes's-square, onWeduesday, May 21. and six fouowing days. at I precisely, by order of the Executor, the whole of the very valuable and extensive COLLECTION of PICURES aud other WORKS of ART of that well-known judge of art, Thomas Emmerson, Esq., deceased. The collection of pictures, which will occupy 3 days' sale, includes numerous capital ivorks of the great mastersin. *e Italian, Spanish, Flemish, Dutch, andFrench schools, manyof them of the highest class; a very choice cabnet of antique and mo2ern engraved gems, ompnnrising camei and intaglie of exquisite wvork, a fine assemblage of Italian and French bronree, Oriental, Dresden, and Sivres porcelain, a very flue ebony cabinet and smaller cabinets, and tables of macqueterie, buhl, and ivory; flue French clocks am.d many other objects of vertu, also3a small1choice library of books, chiefly relating to ar, books of prints and engravings, MaYbe viewed three days preceding, and catalogues had. Elegant House. in four acres, near the Epsom Railway. MR. ALFRED COX wil SELL on June 11, a i a tasteful mosder VILLA RESI)ENWE, having 122 rooms, gardens. coach-house, stabling, and long carriage drive, standing. elevated, in its own paddock, at Banstead, Freehold.-Auctioneer's offices, New Bond-street, or Upper Baker-street. Short Leasehold Investment, in St. J ames's, under the Crown. 1R. ALFRED COX will SELL, on June 11 (or LL previously by private contract), the brick-built RESIDENCE. 4, Great Ryder-street, together with the baok premises adjoining, all let upon lease to responsible tenants, held for 2 years, at a ground rent, and yielding £124 per annum clear of all deductions. Good repair.- Auctioneer's offices, 64, -New Bond-street. aid 2, Upper Baker-street. Beautiful large moders Mansion-house, at Old Charlton, on the Noith Kent Line. MR. ALFRED COX mill SELL, at the Mart, on VJune 11 (unless previously disposed of), a fine MANSION. in the Italian style, detached in 2 acres. on a hill, at Old Charlton; comprising numerous bed chambers, four large and laity reception rooms, stone staircase, and fine offices. All most substantislly built, comPletely finished, and in fiue order. River viewvs. Particulars from Messrs. Wilson and Bristow, 1, Copthali-buildings; the Auction Mlart, and (w.ith tickets to viewv) from MIr. Alfred Gui, 6-4. Newv Boud.atrcet, a'nd 2 Upper Bak;er-street. Islington, Middlesex.-Long Leasehold Estate AIR. EDWIN FOX will SELL byAUCTION, at L. the Mart, on Wednesday, May 14, at 12, in two lots, by order of the Mortgagee under a power of sale, capital EASEHOLD PROPERTY, comprising five excellent brick-built dvweling-houses, situate and being Nos. 26, 27 28 and 29, St. Paul's-place, near St. Paul's Church, Ball's-pond, islington, i the occupation of respectable tenants, at rents amoumting to £19 Per amnum ; held for anteexpuied term of 70 years. at the lowv groundrent of £2 each house. ALso Aoe. 8, 9, end 10, St. Pau's-terrace. Ball'spond, Islintn, let at rents amounting to £111 Per anum, eand held for an unexpired term of 69 years, ata ground rent. MTay be vieed by permission of the tenants. earticulars and conditions of sale had at the MIart of H. W'. Elem, Esq.,, 13. Bedford-row ; and at ,ar. Edwin Fox's offices, 41, Colemanstreet, Bank- Bushey, ,ers, 10 minutes' valk from the Bushey Station on the North WYestern Railwvay. MREra EDWIN FOXt wil SELL by AUCTION, at Ail 2 the Miart, on Wednesday, May 14, at 12, byorder of the Mortgagee, a compact COTTAGE 1RESIDENCE, w ith large garden, paddock, and four smaLD tenements adjining (advantageously let o2lS, situate nar the towrof Busoey, and known aslMend Cottages WPatergane. The residence contains it rooms, with ctablng, barn. ed., and is fit for immediate possession: held on lease for 19t years, stoanreserved rentaL May be viewYed, and particulars lied of Ka W. Elcum, RE(., solicitor, 11, Redford-row; and at Mr. EdWin Fox's ofiices, 4,t Coleman-street. Bdank. Enfleld, Middicscs,-Valuable Accommodation Land. E SSRS: BEADEL and SONS have received in- ' structions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, April 22, at 12, in one lot, ThO valuable FREEHOLaD ENCLHOSU7RES of PASTRE LAMND, knownu as Nunn Fields, containing 10a. 2r. Sp. situate on the north side of the New7 River, Twith frontage to Parsonage-lane. and near to Baker-street, in the town. of Enfield, at wvhich in the Terminal Station of the Eufield Branich of the Eastern Counties Railway. The l-nd is in the occupation of Mr. WilUram Penrsfather, a yearly tenant, at the rent of £unter annum, pearticulrs and o nditions of sale may be obtained of J. Ch. Hepburng tesq., 12, CoPthalrcourt, Throgmorton-street of MWsw rs.Vet m a aylor, and Robins, 9s Tokenhouse-yard; at the Mart; andof Messrs. Beadel andSons, 2i Gresham-street, city. LeadenhaU-street.-Frechold House and Shops. SSRS. BEADEL and SONS have received in- Astructions to SEL by AUCTION, at tbe Mart, on Tuesday, Ap 22, at 12, in one lot, the capital HOUSE and SHOPS, knowin an 146t Beadenbali-street, in the oceupation of Messrs. Butters, Gordan, ana Yateman, at rents amounting tO £100 per annum. The situation of these valuable freehold premises, opposite the East IndiaHouse, near the Bank of England, the Exchange. the colonial and foreign markets, in a main thoroughfare in the heart of the CitY, renders them eligible either far Busmess or as slecure investment. Particunlrs may be obtained of Messrs. Wordsw ort, Greathead, and Blake, soliidtors South Sea fonse, Thre.ladeedle-street: at the Auction Mart; and of Messrs. Peadel and Sons, 25, Gresham street. Pimlioo,-Furniture, Paintings, Engravings, Beoks, Linen, Chins, Glass, and nseful items, R. GEO. HAINES announces for SALYh E by M Dith lateCTxION, ongtheoPremises, 103, Ebury-stre. Pimlico, on Tuesday andTednesday, Apri 22 and23, at 12 each day, by dirotion of the Executors of M 3rs. Elong, deceased, al the neat HlOUSEHOBD FURNITURE, embracing the usual appendages of th he several bed chambes,ddrawingdand dingrooms, and domesticoffces; asquam pianoforte, by Broadwood; a pleasing collection of 00 paintings, by Hoopuer, Bristow. Fraser, Pether, andIothers; water colour aud send draWings, 600 volumes of books n neat bindings, and numerous rmiscellaueous articles. Mfay be viewe. ed Cataloguee on the premises; of Messrs. Simpson and DuNond, soLicitors, 10, Henrietta-street, C3vendish-square; of Messrs. ainesand Son, auctioneers aMotrmte-street, city ; and at the auctioneers' offlces, Groavenor-strett west, Eaton squsrof and 12, High-street, Kensington. Belgravia.-Elaible Property for Investment or Occupation, held for 67 years, at £TOper annum, and Buosn Premises, E ariibeth-street south: teR. GEO . o AINES is instructed by the Etecators _1 of the late Mrs. Long, to DISPOSE OF by AUCTION, on the Premises on Tuesday, April 22, at 12 for 1 precisely, in two lots, a very capital well-built TOWVN RESIDENCE, with immediate possession, desirably placed No. 103, Ebury-street, Pimlico, close to the noble squares of Bel hvia, and wnithe a short w alk of the parks, containing severaleairymbeyhambers, drawingeand dining rooms, and domestic offices, conservatory, and smal garden, hold direct from theAMaquis of Westminster. for 67 years. at £4 per annum. Also, Business Premises and Dwelling-house, No. 28, Eii2abeth-street south, held for 3l> years, at £12 per annuni, and let to Mr. Jackson for a term, at £40 per annum. MIay be viewedby permission Of the tenant. Particulars of Msessrs. Simupson and Dimond. solicdtors, 10, Henrietta-street, Cavendish-square; of Messrs. Haines, auctioneers, Moorgate-atreet; and at the auctioneers' offices, Pimliico and Kensington. Capital modemu Furniture, a splendid Grand Pianoforte by rad, a icrocordon ditto by Alison and Allison, of Dean-street, sevesal others, Chimney-glasses, and numerous useful and om"amental Misoellanies. 1IIESSRS. OXENHAM and SONS wvill SELL by ilLw AUCTION, at their Rooms, 353, Oxford-street, near the Paintheon, To-morrowv, atill for 12 o'cloclk punctually, the capital modern FURI4ITURE;, consisting of wvalnut-tree, rosewvood, and mahogany chairs, sofas, couches. andeasy chairs., lee, card, occasional, and other tables, chimney-glasses, cabinets and commodes, a sPlendid grand pianoforte by Erard, a cottage ditto by Allison and AlDison, of Deanstreet, several othersiby eminentmakes, curtains, pedestal sideboards sets of dining tables, bookcases, Brussels and other carpets, 1w.; Araban, four-post, and secondarybedsteads and hangdings,with bed ding complete, wardrobes dracvers, ashott ds, dressingtables2 glass &o.; plated articles, china and glass the domestic requisites, and numerous oiffects. May be viewred on Thursday and morning of sale, and catalogues had. A splendid Grand Pianoforte, by Errd MEESSRS. OXEENAM and SONS will SELt L by IlL AUCTeiN. at their Rooms S53, Oxford street, near the PanthWn, To-maorrow (Friday), at 2, . splendid GRAND P TOFORTE by Erard, full compass, in a handsome mahogany case, in beautiful preservation. baymhe viewed, and catalogues had. lee, Rent.-A vaclable Freehold Estate eminontly adapted for build tae pusposzs, with a spaciouseFamilyiResidenco and Out-buildings, and two genteel detached Cottage Residences; also (ot 2), contisloping to the above, oapital House and Premises,lmewn aa the o anor A[E SSRS. GREEN (28, Old B3ond-street) have re- u as ceived instructions to SEL by AUCTION. at e arrnway's, on Wednesday, Aprdl 23, at 12, a valuable FREEHOLD3 ESTATE, dolightfulb situate, at I ee, within a few minutes' warl of tho BVluakbeth and lewsham Stations, and ;within half an hou s journey of PEndons comprising a thoroughly substantial and commodiouis detached famsily residence, former.ly in the occupation of the late Joseph Sladen, Esq,, with coach-houses, stabbeng, and out offlces, waled gard ens, conservatory, lawn, well-timbered pleasure-grounds, pad- uock, ad two genteel Nell-te -nted detached cottage residences, the site of the w hole comprising upwards of 10 acres, gontly 61oping to the high road, and presenting most valuable frontaiges of upwards of 1.000 ieet, the estate being singularly well adapted, and at once available, for building pus-poses. This property will be offered for sale in one lot, presenting a most advmentagous and speculative investment. Let 2 will comprise the capital reehold Hbouse and Premises, now occupied as an oduestional establishment, and known as the Manor School, wiith i.ts out-offices, garden,- and playground. Particulars and plans may le obtained of St. Barbve Sladen, Esq., solidio 14, Parliament-street; at Garraway's- and of Sle t o. ree ,ett agents and auctioneers, 28, Old Pond-street. G forth Wilts, within four miles of three Market Towns.-Valuable Freehold Manorial Estate, writh stone-built MIansion, Plantations, and Grouinds, and 535 acres of rich Arable and Paistur-e in a ring toesJc, with Entranuce Ledge, Farm-house,.Homeltend, and Cottagts. ThjESS31S. GREE3N (28, Old Bond-street,) have reIlL ceived instructions to SELL by AUCTIONf, at Garraw3y's, on valuabeMAN;OnRLAL E lSTuAnTeE firnehoeld, and land-tax redeemed,) of Blunsdien St. Andrewv, pleasantly siteuate wiithin three milies of the Svindon Station, sasd about four soiee from the market tovns of Sivindon, Cricklade, and Ilighworth, comprising: th:e capital fasily re sidence known as Blunsfien lIouse, approached hy an entrauce lodge, and delightfully placed on the southern slope of Blunsden-hill, commanding extensive and varied views, viith farmn-house, homestead, and cottages, land 053 acres of richrambleo and pasture land, ins aring £602 per annum, besides the mansion, offices, gardens, and plantations, which are in hand. This property offers a capita investment, and preseats besides many attractions for residence, especiaYly to a sportsmen being situated in the entre of thea . W. . Hunt, and within easy coal sftatihonsonlteGez atWesn;ternerailayh The buildingsHareh amin, good repair, the lands in xellent cultivatimn, under the occupation of a highly r etable and responsible tenant, andbthe mansion is in every wa3y adlapted for the residence of a county gentleman. Particulars may be obtained at Garrav;ay's of MEessrs. Mtulings, Daubeny, and Chubli, solieltors Cirencester;* and of MIessrs Green, estate agents and auctioneers, 2S, Old Bond-street. l4o. 28, Wellbrooki-stroot. NewF lorth-road,--Stockr, Fixt-ures, Furnitre and Effects of a G rocer and Cheese monger,-Abselute Sale. ME. ZSSRS. GREE3N and SON wvill SELL. bv AUC- 1 _ TION, on the Premises, as above, THlIS DAY, April 1 , 3t L2 for 1, the STOCa and F9IXTRSS of a Grocer and Cheesemongdr, which are of the usuva description; after which the capital Household Ftrniture comprising mahogany and japanned heats of drawers, mahogany .ardrobe, wfashntdids, dressing glasses mahogany four-post and other bedstaeas, beding,tL ma ehognyleead tag tables, pioanofore,d sfas, te paha is, Ch arney-lase arpnetso,rags, china, gtlass crockery, a bakeu's patent mrangle, aithen utensils, &c.. abe- twvo exceUlent spring vans, chaise, spring cart, capital single-bodf dPhaeton, superior cart mare, sets of harness, claff-cutting machine, prand numerous useful effects. ay be viw Ced the day prior and morKnig of sle. Catalogues had on the premises; at the auctioneers' offaces, IS, Eatton-garden and at their sale rooms, 44, Farringdon-ftreet, citY. Somerset and Rcnt.-By Messrs. WY. H. WL LISr and Go, at the WYhite HartEHotel, Bath, on Wednesday, the 7th day of May next, at 12 for I, inlavo lots, subject to onditions of ster to be then pro- duced, T HE Absolute Reversion to One-fourth Part or Share of and inthe foUow.ing valuable Freehold and Leasehold Estates, svi.,:-Lot 1, Freehold Estate, called Broadileld Ferns. in the parish of Cbarterhouse Hinton, in the county of Somerset, about 5Q miles from3 Bath, consisting of farm-house, agricultursl buildings and lands, the w hole being 229 acres of pasture, amable, and wrood land, anud let at rents amounting to about £253 per annum. Let 2. A Lang Leasehold Eststoc called C;heyne-curt Farm, in the perishes of Mlidiey and IVY Church, IU the county of Kent, held for the remainder of a -term o0 939 years, which commenced in 18i93, andoonsisting of 99 acres Th exUn absoluteeerson to ono-°efUouirn&3of the above estates is to be sold subject to the life estate of a ,entleman now in his 62dyear, and of his wife, now aged 48, in the event of her surviving her huasband and remuammdg unmarried, but with a proviso reducing her life estate in the event of her mar ing aanto £100 per annum, For further partieul-ara,ppb to Mfessrs. Hendersn, Hfoward, and Wilcocks, solicitrs, 50, Bra-street,, Bristol; or to ?6essrs,^williamla and V0., gActioneers, T1iaiDay..-l,SOloz. of SilverT ate,exensivefla~mondOrnLments,GoI I Watcbes with chronometer, duplex adlvrmovements, by Dent, McCabe. Bsrrauda.sdd the lendank ono ikes's, o, - - MESRIS. DEBENHLAM, STORE, and SON will W71SELL, at their Rooms, Kin-treet, CODYnt-garden,THIS, DAY .&pri1I7,atILbhIghlpvaluabIe1TEMS.embramingsplendidaingebstonand luterbrilliantrings dr adit studs anlpins, diamond flowerandother lbrooches, sepet and buckle 'bracelets, set w'th prcous jewels, 250 En~glish andffinema watches, elegn atldcks 2,500 ouimse Gf silver table and sldeboard plate,M Miefeld plated ware dressing cases wiqth silver nd plAted flttings, aud a variety of choice Iwopert. on view., On View.-Broadclots,SlsVeet,ttr,Bsh,17bs of Sponge,eightanso oseCohn.f setso lree o ±V1SELL, at therIom,in-tetCoetgrn,omrow April l8, at U1, 500 lotofvidFF TSicuirchlk,inad velvetdeslnts nso eto nln elohadoeknldi' and oecltigOnje n hsay & giicetBriliant Head Ornament, a Fair of Brillant Earring,. Daodand Brilliant Cross Gola Wateces, Guns, 3,00 0 or of Silver Plate, Z;c-Three Days' Sale., 1UESSRS. D)EBENHA?M, STORP, and SON winl SELLJJ, at their Rooms, King-street, Covent-garden, on Tuesday. the 22d instant, and two following days, at 11, GOLD and SILVERt WATCHES, by Barraud, Arnold, Angell, Dent, Earnshaw. Cross and Murray, a -ine Brequet watchs, clocks, guns and pistols by W,-. Richard.- M1anton, Beattie, Relly, Mo-ore, Wilkinson, and Colt, splendid jewels in bracelets, brooches,errn-,head ornament4% rings pins, shirt stuids, and waistcoat buttonsfin~egold chainis about 3000 or, of silver, including several noble presentation cups ana~ covers,' waiters, sets of entrce dishes, baskets a four-light centre ornament (24Sor,l. cruet andliqueusframes, spoonsand forks. Sheffield plated items, tastefullyfitteddresstug casessandeffects. On view on Saturday and Monday, An Im roved Rent of £40 per annum, fully secured for 41 years. diEcted DEBENHAM, STORR, and SON ar-o dietdby the Executors of the late M,Nr. 'Wilim BRitchie to S=L by AUCTION, at Garrawas's, on Thursday, -May 1, at 120. an IM' PROVED RENT of £40 Per annum, for an unexpired term of 41 yarsfro Misumer-dy nxt,ariingout of and secured upon thoe cpitl bsinss re No., Alun-plce,Commercial-road ticulrs otaine of amesJohnson. eq.,solicitor5,Chney The Elgin Arms Tavern. Ladibroke-suad, Notn.ll-Tr 6yas Ground Rent, £iO per annum.LTra 9Y~ MIiESSRS. DEBEINHA31, STORR, andl SON are ±71instructedto SELL by AUCTIONY, at Garraway's. on Thursday, Mayl. atl2. the LEIASE and GOODW1ILL of a FREE PUBUICHOUSlI, Imown asthe Elgin Arms Tavern, Ladbrok-e-road, Nuttinghill, containin nine bed rooms, servants' rom, store room), largodront culu? room, witih balcony, spacious 1bar, bar parlour, public parioer, tap room, kitchen, and extensive celiarage; held for 96 years unexpired, at the moderate ground rent of£50 Per annum, May be viewed. P-articulars at Garraay's ;ofJ. Billngs. E-q., 32, King-stre~et, Cneapside; and of the auctioneers, King-street, C-ovent-garden, In Bankruptcy.-A. compact loncil)easehold Estate of Five Houses, at Islington, in lots to suit small capitalists. 1rESSRS. DEBENHAMTN, STO-RE andl SON are ±71,instructed by the Assignees of Mtr WiliVam ~fingeY to SELL by AUCTIO~. atGarraay's,on Thrsday May , at 12, an nive lots, Nos. 49. 0.5, 5, an 53 STI'AU.-SREIT, ewv North-road, Islingron; tenats, t £3 perannum eah Wlarftaxes. Patcuas fW AP. JoHNSON WMl EL at the City Auction RVLoomn, 39, Gracechurch-street,To-morrow,ApriI 3S, at 12,usodema P'LATE, in mugs, cops, forkcs, spoons, &o,, English and Geneva gold and silver wratches, including about I20 lots, wvithout resmerve costly jewvelery, in single stone an cIustreo brilliant pins, rings. studs, and gold n4eck, guard, andAlbert chains. On view the day previous and mnorinmg ofsale. Catalogueshad at tbe rooms. Florentino Marbles, Alabaster Figures, Tazzss, Vases. M2 JOHNSON has received instructions to SELL, A.tthe City Auction Room, 39. Gracechunrch-street, on Monday, Ap-il 21 at 12 a CONSIGNMENT (per ship B3avnsd, direct from LeghonofITK1AN MARBLE and ATLAASTEIOltNTAMETS, of beutiful designs from the antique at Volterra, Florence Romems and other galleries, iha Hobo, Medici, JEtruesan, and other vases of matchiess beauty, Igroups, figures, tazzs fountains, a variety of omamnents adapted for the dining and drawing room and conservatory in white and Egyptian alabaster, agate, gtelo, bardigllo, verd it Prato, and other Tuscan amarbles. May be viewred the Saturday previous and moaning of sale. Cataogues had, at therooms; and of Messrs. .and R. McCracken, 7. Old Jewry. Yinsbury.-Superior Furniture and Effects removed from Spring-lane, 'Unper Clapton. jJJR ARMAADUKE MATTHEWS is directed by tR,he Executors to SELL, on the Premises, Si, Worship-stree, Finsbury, (by permission of Mlr. Bird, where the oods hare been ware. housed for the last 18 months,) on Tuesday, Apri 22, all the genuine EFFECTS, comprising lady'svwinged -and other wrardrobes, four-ost Arabian and French bedsteads,wsnth damask hangings, clean bedding, rosewoou drawving room suite, cabinet and cottage pianofortes, pair of superior cheffoniers and beokcase of German manufacture, Loot of dininmg tables, sideboard, carpets, kiltchen items, and the entire effects of alwell furnished houso. Catalogues at the offices,Old Jewry. Aldershott, adjoininig the Camp, inmmedint-ely opposite the permanent Barracks, and w-ithin afew hundred yards of Her Majestys PavMilin -13 acresof very valuable Freehold Building Land, in half-acre plots. RlW. 1%ARM1ADU-KE MATTHEWS will submit to ±71UCTION. at the Mfart, London, on Thursday, May322, aboutI3 acres of exceedingly choice and valuable FREEHOLD BU-ILDING LAND, in about half-acre plots, in a most charming situation, a vfery short distance from Her Majestys Pavilion. and adjohiig thea pera nen brrak rond,comanin dws f helovely sceneryarud Fareainandthecam anfaras he ye illreachi, and is perhaps the suta0 forulorfOcersandeth nuaerous, staf ofiials connected witCth hAESSRS. FOSTES andl SOLN by AUCTI,a ±7.1 Dh at omro,atI.odFRI IARY, ofril 17st- box ofeach Oened or insectioeandltsting Pallmall-ElgantMisellaies,Sel-actng argsanly osoafne plgayng 40 poularOverures Quaails, Gand ianoorte Harp,ber, e AI/ESSRS. FOSER and KESONwLL SELL SELLb- AUC IO TIOtheo Galery 2 Pallm all , TalISegDAY. Apxril1d. at 1Tpecsely, pi an assemblageriofroBJem oFUARNTUand EMBELisH-no incldingDrsde ana Orisental chaina, tbronze, inadrobe mandbhieseo ciarvitngs,a noobs,lbuinenockia, ndgrkeag pairofod Sertinesc lseau, paiofguestoehdmarbthepridcitals,nspeinmeuo pearls,oalsooda lne organ, a ucndtianoforte, daouble-aretion sharp,sgpanetaimb let e Maye be viewed, and catalogues a Latse, Pall-mall. mitx, l Cryssta Palce Upper Broold,gaius near estu-hi s. Tuesday,e Apri 22, t-he spro modSem' captalIEHOUSEHconsist\ingo Spnihmaogn a nd roECSewie cairs,e t tables wardrobes, e m Pre-to platehpatends books,lien, china wengravingse and paientings, &cf Cat,vlgus.t ex badte gat h rincipellroalbinsinthe n oeigh ofurhood, a indeth aucin elersnt35, C hamtomile efet.79 igila-street.,Bihoptyt Onrdserved Sale,-bilahcth,Th Lease, HMrousehold FurioniEtuePinato, ORE andEFFECTS s arrangd to tak pace on thciel,i Promise, te Hrmitge,Blakheah t 3 Eo'locpENcisel, astfollows - TIS DY lTn-rsay).- Th captalnChina glass,culnen plae, laed rtile, te ellselctd adtodMesrnsliratrs of 1,20 vTo, exqisie angaings, acollar, Contrabot10oe ofhebd.rA wnes, aneeatParOhW tn a ind fect- Kig ilimsteetciy annual value, bences,210.e IYITION ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~a at the Ma* omro,Arl3,a rcsl,i Wor- Monthlto 13,e Mlon Villars, andDrainrok-sa, byrmoton. Foarticulate rsg adcndition of saleh appl atte Muaart;e to Mhespurbs.aersn n Lnisan, solicahis tors,681, Old Broad-street, Roya Exhunangeo toe Mr.o Robert-mentioned auctione,1.Cthslcabrs otlalc ,na T romRalway Compan es, Enines,Cotacos,andickers.- e Gunn C KnigRBE wil TELaylo AUC iONam, at t Maybe Eninewe twodyprorks ado nin dh cataroge and.Gre n, e-re Tlo-moirsrow,apri1Th, atead for 3,i uthshv valuableConGmINo ond atnew p-Latetpipe, Thew planturs and utensilscost of aBasmall tblsess engine 2 sandkboier uning laths, ball ingmchnes bechs,foge atthe hoStaan GrtservInn;tandeatathe Tauctin officales, in Monay,il couri21t, Gay's-inn. .i nelt tebneiWIES f hs eotlygSale buifs PitREMSEand No.wings, bymodem artistsd, thel origi- naliowTety of whih il boete ih gmthee to the purcf haerbs. nw many n'ex,arseta1o'lsok phreiel, and wil incluodemspecimens b fthen under-entiliontaed arists eiwd Priuastticsl; Bt3romPeye Hrodgesit acinofibb 2 oultcry. Blomeirs-rowd,--To Buidreadinfot and BiscuitBlakers,Cnratr, and othes.-Leae, Godwil Fitueres,.n tniso lae'uies dloinb2acks wureek-bslyuter abvesoluteslinonelt ROB. PTERBDAW )willSELL byAUCTION,t arrawithutyrsere at th ateTvr, akln,o onday, A Ap~~~~~ ~~~ril 21s, at 31reisl , in one lot, thebefialLAEoths veryE lowrentIofN56 togte with THe goAdRTS of the busiCEss moanyiyeafrsostbise therSA Eon. andallathe mREOLDe FixtRes,tings and uensis intrad, Mayhe vewedPariculrs tyth Ctastle and at Mr. Pter Broa's city uctiononuces,r23ePoultry others.at lI/FR. LEREW wil SELL by AUCI ON,i n th chairbedstead, and. a variety of chamnber requisites B3russels Cares chimney andpierglasses, mahogay andl jaPanned chairs, diutisgtaIbe sofas, bco and curd tables, book case, cheffonier, easy chair, rosewoo sofa table, chintz wtiidow curtains, table lamps, or-menouu chandelier walnut-tree tables, Oak bookcase and cabinet, rcig homse, glszed k"artition, shower bath, kitchen utensils, and 'numerous other ite~ms 0 be viewed the day preceding and morning of sale, when catalogues may be had at thiorooms. Chisawell-street, Finsbury-square,-GenutineHoeodFriu. PHILLIPS anld SO-N will SELL yACIN P oil the Pranises, 23, Chisiwell-street, on Fridy Aprl1,a12 F1JRNITIIRE and EFFECTS, removed from PchmandCt-o, under executorshiip and execution; comprising mhgn orps bedsteads and furnitures, feathier bed. and beddig aoaycet of drawers and chamber appendages, loo adpmrk als eso extending, leo, and other dWinig tablms mabetpcefoer,cum ney, and dressing glassses, sets of mahoganadroeodcas,ay c1hairs couches. engravings, 'plated articls cia an ls,fenders and fire-irons, Brussels and other creskihnntusis andiiscel. lancoun effects. On view. Catlgemabhd on the premiLses; and of thle auctioneers, I , ArtileypaeMisuy No. 5E, Barley-street, Cavendish-square,-Furniture_ valunable MTosaic Cabinet, Grand Square Piano by Broadwood, Gothic Harp, fashionable Service of elegant Table Glass and Chins. do, R.HENRY FOSTER will SE,LL by AUCTION, XY.1on the Premaiges. as above, on Tuesday next, at 12, the surplus FURNITUREeta gentlemlanremoving and other Effects; including a superb console glass 100 inby60 in.,cumneyditto 78 in, by 0 in.,, damak, cuiou Chnmepained ofa Flreninemosaic cabinet, 2,00O.000o sound well-made, faul-sized SokadthrBis,the Wash, chalk-, and Pug Mills. prepared Brc at,Soil-gravel and ImpiemnenLts-By order of the Exctr fM.Samuel mey wieaeino thout reserve, R. IBYE wfi SELL by A-UCTION, on the lVPremism, GIobe-towna Brickfleld, Globe-roDad near the Victoriapark, contiguaous to the Mie-end and Cambridge-road Stations of tho r,asteni Counties Railway and the Regent's Canal. on Thursday, April 24, atHn for 32, about 2.000,000 of sound STOCKS, washed Maims, Pickngs Paior, Scond, ad oherBaiks,a wash mill, chalk- mill, andtheepugmilswit gar al i god orin orerwbelbrres Ireehold Houses and Building Ground, land-tax redeemed.-Romuforcl, j'JjSSRS. MOOREand TETNIPLE-aireinstrnicted to 2 three lots, a small FREEHIOLD IISTATE, consisting of aparo pleasing brick-bouit houses, witlh oo ftront and back garden,ow U ery otags Wstrnrod,Suthsre on the ehldLn alo woEliSRl plotoRf,febl TbuDdLng aund dinreter-ed t SEL brd 3o h A oUM% ty' pa, 5T.u fayontage1, bty&2 ketnown 27Alees Tottgs Un~ioewsda Mafkheuisahe-rad%Vltamiste w rolentalonthSwndStrns tolod- Cotte Jond aes CoEeqr soliito. 5,Barletts-bildigs,Holbrn;ain frn of Mart,boude of Imprvabl smll Lasehld ropety, earthetoac arieodeJ±rs, 9 Ma Ntee-t,owalnm.o u-ssxS. MkOORE ancl TEMlIPLE are insrected t itt SELL byAUCTION, at theMart. on Thursday,May 1, at 12, in fenolot, aPAIteoigineatLEASEHtOLD) HOUSPES, aond tigarde Hwos pands Sopeidtcedrsdne, No. to6HenCtags.1, in) fron ond Marbos_ St yArgs.inGronnd, rets. Peu'srod houe.r tohe Caientwed Startiounr On the_ Neorth~ Temple,a. he autoers,e bBtofinistreed, and fittesu n a,. VerydesiableEtaesGoruie a ecure Leaseholdablestenats atr ceramdxn toW . A M NDwf SELL by AUCTION7 tteMr.o huso,My,a 2 into ios, Romst elgil ESEHOLyad, Caeysreet,ETo oeroistn of two pirs o sem-detahed rsideces, o l.br,a32 t3.andle, c!St_ August.tine-roadeth t.Pau's-oad nApril atie Cade-owpncStuationyo the fi leorth4 Lononailwayo. 27Sthrey-areebit, Caednished,oandlated in ya.s terms6, Uiandthproduce £12 Ca yersar, esqouawrd -ef 90 years, atS eis and19 grudrten euiachpoue.aoce Baterweardbycearso only Shich withs. ponrticulas, mayvibe tobainedpar of theass puovel_ soiito rs14Seuth..o squtare, G aray's-inn and cniin of sdr.Moeand t Tenle hadcton eers, Ctomde,d-stq.e, slcitor; paeiordsrovals as theMArctinM ; and teurat' tbarmc t.Paul's-road4, narey-thepoerty. 14 ler-aterly Sale, underditran fhor,an rent. eTa MK SAWM .JOANSOND Wil SELL by AUUTO at- hi TINBhsooms, 6,Sar-yardv, Carey-steet,Tomoro Apri23aty2 althReSOC copising a Ouble mahogay Visk libaY, table, cohnistre, Wtels,ingtiqu Frenh army~ brussels and Turkey% carpets,d fegd, ma.th cahmgngaed loibrarytbokcae, twdouslatie bante l-pies?,ipoiner ado anidrhouse lights sprng carts, anc Maysrmn of vieaed, and ustergebad aet, ohe wat rehose, ands at the acleaneerbfie, 3,in Coardyst n roneae,Lncfe'w oning at thleMr, andth 2ataleihd of Arlath 12ufctionctull, the folerloigat-srOeet. E -o 9 ospo-tet trnwc-qa No. S., Elizaeth-en-lace, CeaersThareqere-lae years; Nos. 1 and19nLtteErop as-plceBtter mtsea-brdg-as 5ersNo.. 5,910,poAshmoe-plce, asr abling, ot Moendigtay ee 0 eas anded 2losof frsgneehol buidn siteSTC atd Hihgteandow .Th condJtiCnaprodew, tomarisiiewparewof thpregister oeyoedio ortgagter. epaticulr and cobnditions arf salpest ehdfEwr Cladre,fiReq.,usoicior, 29op, Bedford-rowr and thAcioMrtana. 141rs radersg ate-ltrmps,T the Boo, pshe and LteahrTde tftosfrebhiws Room ls, a above,snWdesa.Arl2,si allVtew oan SoCf inle TBAI)ctaofgu.enrs ike.o ,Jh-tet 22ltSadkfrlar-bideand ofther aufctioe,er.14pldrisng ,rarsobotan shoes Inendapoeon, Shoingerer, balmere,sd-pigbutnad csmerT, mOri, anthiqueom, anEmdwcaii ot,ldis lpes n April2en bots an prcshesy, ane aSsOrten ofletran erryst. ofr booterees sets comprshoe clanesrs,cttin bersonnrnsfe ss aries aYrof, furniture, and other carticle.on iwtedybf n mornn Gofsle, andSlcasmtha,ogueswaefte utoer13les gTe-street. hsRos Boda,Lugt-il nTusy Apoi.2, Providence-plac, nhearThreColt-TRAeet, kLehr. se.-Toi ron- m5 urigongaem, godas-dtters.rsmiths, and, Bempihangem ad. r silve sup onxthe Pigremises, anstabode pons Mondcay.sprl2, batet, up(nde anve deed fofrassignlmet,alls themSTOC, Ander UTnSILSax cbin TLAEgt lael. J&C. De; cadoebrisocghes adre' braeeistee coing ailpar,atuse,t p0egblte,. jetadptiee, landcabi stomesandos inne Sroled and otherrsa,an fendercss, eyre-irns,scoa scoopstus, modldtu and other lmps,t gsmchan detlers, brackets botlraIap, oprglass, pipe and thrittiengs,dbllpullr, Proew moring o sale,nn catalogues ma bnad of MhessrGs. Jr and N.A ot Tiaofute Lieraes. il-kmerces Heallerins, Habed shes, hr."a 11R. SAOTCER i BURvourN with EL byst AUC-t TIONEL at hUCIs Om, 3. thaday Audcate-Mart, on Thursday, pi April24O, sil preriely, he3SoadrCgK n o theIPwrAPem,iuentmaera ent oie.ire.,OC ofmpsrsWilsing a ass orten of n eamfrly usye- goos. O viewdayipriorandfromn ingll 4awen catalogues may nd.thbatoo To intold sanddSlvrsinths, Jewellzer,Fnc Sfationss, hC. 6`u 3PSSRS. WRICERBRTnd CLARl SEll byLAUb- AUCTION,aat tei Rooms, 3Bradayov, LugTo-hirro, onThrsd ,ay. April24, oil prsemblaeof theudsToCmei TURADTUE,o com S. Else,-o 35 uligo-acdd odand siu~tecntealve-%irsmith,xh ; ndorituherndsfmome Isilvero Waigt.b-e,Viarlcasles,mustad potte, cadcsssasesipes kniesan foks ikGands thimblends,x Aletau ur hin,mii laes, W. Andom brooches andl braELets in silver, , m acto pebb?lejt and sexdel, ldes'a compaiosaibold2andes siver,ngshell,ean other cases eyle-tgenlas,shrid, geload sepiveroune meling a bottra, peraglases.hr. tnuvew Ianesa prssior, far-e10till 4,ee whenpr nnm applctiocn, atloue mye La at sthearom, orq. bysosictor High-ftrteet anoim,Hrs, ConcertOakle, and tiother Msianl land agent, Insruments Sale SE-morrby AUCTiON, at the Auctions Mar, oenblTuaeWda. Apilk 2s,uate1 for 2 pards ofd30new aundtr seodhnd Efets ianoFOWine. &r ErSdoS,ColRd, WornuSFOR adurlde anotherM SELLmaeby also TON hromasbAlxne,hrs byv t12fr1 terd hr.;~T together witve conErtIDNCAsut, iolmpns, and ohrGomusicalinstrlumets bcoerdingh thlveday noble abndmorning opamis.Cnataogueady atr the Mart,gor of Prakainromtingses andPrints, cafewsdoenaof chines, ic,arose. o PRICE and CLARKtwille ELtb woo auwaiutIre cetretales maqutshe an te acheftoner taplesr edLarpetsholEsae,stble hmny-lsss,Spnshmahog-anyalt pedeta easychars,ouces aun Comemoodcabinetadpiano, glaS chAndle, Aprie17 gassesfo -iLthI giuol,mahogany bedstebuis, landOUE caitaldedaigto hetwof draliweros,emrbe-taaopi wShtaTnd,chetglssrest, lmibrasry abes, andmdesks,odomsi requsit:oEs, an miserllanies, lettoay beoiewd thenat Isle of, baker's-VhlpablthFr-besholdEtaer, sitate homile fromth Bhlac let t rets aouGang Chne and si. feroanm;Veld for.terrniiE ter o7 theMarsvat, n onnTesday, Maym 20, t 12y Gof O Mac,12,at a ngrthough rever ofil on7 thrperanu Lty2. Th estate bis baletHonuese (land-lo-x redeemed),t a msutarsbnsbe inetmenntatr£230 perso annmp:e land agent, 8, Regent-street,kidoreLonden. .J3LAUTIN,asabveat12fo 1th CNTENTSeofpte; atothe brekfat rom, to sts f abls,hais,easyNchIrs,hr, Aprilsewooat cottge ian; te bd roms,raianbedthead andhanens, bedsBz and eddng,marle-op ashtans abls, oiletatindecheand giffecs, hoer ousehepr oom rand th Pichnrqisifotestw cbynets,ibronzes Andl 8 orametal TItUems hinad gas fUMTIew proofenravings,o plat; Thurda arncbesadsmo igoofsle Catdaloue onthetremiesbeds, and of=th jaaucineers,15,mberulrniadr, Baybetowater,tands3,Ne Chussfrch-sree, Egware-robslad. hme-lsss oeodrmi oce.e chirs,ieedoLeard,hond Estates, sutables fora gasm all Caitalnrqists o fo sYLateG,crg Inn, Cmmerisaanl-omadneat,sTleS daY,-Apilg17 twopdellnghoses, stanoftheainct. ione,3 ent-stret, Jfamcasreet CommLerial-rodeaystperNor0 aougenerld shop,tulet toarpgood tFant; sleta entsd CamutngetobrGl2sse. poerPannum;rteld fuerorth redaing, teermaol7 yearnshwning onet,dayecono frome55thtdayeof Mach,80 Gfta gOund riewAntipratCleto of7nerianumtLot2.d modern bickbit House atthedc e.nutos G excis, 71 &udran, beingto,skir oresttet ManR.ts-pARCe, M ieed nowLet to AgodTeONan,a as nboet,en reTalIof DAY,hl foria term ofd t1wear froml the 24s,th1 June, 1551, P. inluedy finen COhLLETOt. otr ABIe viewdb permssinRo th CtUEnts. Pareticular had of lBn. coniolth,esduGrdin-coan Templrsie; ato, pacbrofasle; amnd fchw thefaucineer Comm ey3n -sscim ne ytac fteuowyn Stastios n, hi pp Small Stokno StatineraD. Tlseienrs u Property , emOK, rindts paitigs,m cared an otherofraes,ttele wernV pae,bosandyk sho4es,salltc ofrmn staionery, anefct. OnveC n atalogues myb had at the galooms. sret Modern St Houlsehol unurcyre,GAnd Pismbaneoforte itby Toseenon and modern cums EfftecIts:a wihutch rlemserv.adEgihshos 1IR. B.ATON S will SELL by AUCTION, a fl tbole pril 18.idy Arl 8 at1.IldSEOI fURlITwin ; com a preising fourpot larg presses,i hr On vaitsew this Vand mornlld;Lngdfscale,an ca-louem. thad oBhntho prmises, and ofthemautioner, u,letcrte-squ-aro-. - Greuze C. Dolcd Andrew-s Mieni Both C. Maratti Jordasus Mleirn On view. Catalogues as above. N.E. Money advanced on every doi scription of property for psitive anid imimediate -,-ds. Out-door slC-d effected at 5per cent.,b blnce paid day after. Queen-street, two doors from New Cannonistreet, city:under aShe. riff's Bill of Sale.-Costly Furiuiture, nearly new, including two brilliant-toned 61-octave Cottage Pianofortes, an elegant Drawing Room Suite in walnut-tree - a. Collection of valuable Plroof Printg, Case of StuffedBEirds, rich Velvet-pile Carpets, Chinaamnd Cut C,larss,Bronzes~, P'lated Articles, and the numerous useful and decorative Effects of tk gentleman's Residence IZOD bas toJanno eehe has r-eceived instruci 3 ons to SE by AUCTIN, tthe Wareroomis, 69, Queen. at 12puctua.llythe FIT NITURE. comprising, for-the diasogrooms and librry,sano'hle carved-back sideboard fitted with plate glass, two sets of telescope dining tables, several sets of chairs, indulging ebais. cover-ed in morocco, and patent cloth, largo rich pattern Brusaelscarpets and rugs, bronze fender and fire irons, pairL of India shina jars, set for thel p3rincipal bed rooms, and noble four-post and Arabia bedsteads and daaiasl: hangings and prime goose andl doi; ed, mathtrews, and suitable bedding, superior double-holet wdhetad ch eests of mahogany and japanned drawers two elegant winged wardrobes,toiet glasses and tables,setsof bedstlses,bidete, hr.; an elegat and richly crv,ed walnut sute of chairs, lounges, and in. dalentchars,hansoe le, ard an otertables, rich chimney. glasesthre cefonirs ithplte-lasbace,four rnch patent velvet. A1 andnmru rin london Dock Rumamage Sale.-At the London Commercial Sale Rooms, Mincing-lane, Tower-street, on Thursday, May 8, atil2 for- X 1~f~irONE Ties~ 10 Hhds 120 Qr.-Caslc, 6(j Octaes f Wne, onsstig ofPor, ~erry, Madetma Claret, Lison.Cap, eneiff, h,;i8 ase sd baoketa of Chamns,
