MO?.?EY>MARKEITandOITyLNTELLIGlBNCE. '1 En- Thrsday Even,g. TEhe Ygliih- fumds remain without mateiial alteration, but a tendency to improvement is still observable. Consols for money opened at 95 to i, and there, were ultimately buyers at 95 for money, and 95g for the account. The amount of biLuiness is very limited, aund the market is influetced chiefly by the state of the weather. Consol Scrip left off at 3i to 4 pm.; Bank Stock, 217 to 218; 33edueed, 95k; New Three per Cents., 96 ; Annuities, 18i; India Stock, 233 to 236;; ~India Bonds, 12s. to 163. premiumn; Exchequer lbonds, 1004 to i; anld Eucihequer-bills, lls. to 14a. premium. Foreign securities have been steady, with a mnode. rate amount of business. There wgas little variation in any description, sneculation for the moment being almost wholly suspended. In Turkish Six per Cents. the transactions for the account were at 1034 and J. The general bargains comprised 3razilian Small, 101,; the Four-and-a-Half per Cent&, New, 974; Chilian Three per Cents., 74; Danish Thrie per Cents, 86; Pervian Four-anda-Half per Cents., for account, 82k; Portunese Three per Cents., for account, 460; T-ussian ffourand-a-Half per Cents., 98; Sardinian Five per Cents,fort he acount, 92 ; SpnishNfewDeferre4 forcc ,24; enezue for account,-32 and 324; the Deferred, 13 and 14-; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, for the account, 98. he closin,g quotation of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evenin;g was70f.85c. for money and] account, hWin noalteration in the former case, but a decline of an eighth in the latter. The specie by the Walmer Castle is not expected to bedelivered for a day or two. The greater part, if not the wvhole, is likely to be purchased for transmission -to the. continent, chiefly to the Cr6dit Mobilier at Paris, whence it will be remitted to Vienna to meet the payments due from that establislhment for the purchase of Austrian railways. A circular has been issued by the Ottoman Bank to-day,announcing the intended opening of branches at Smyrna and Beyrout. On account of this extension of business a calU is made of 51. per share, payable on the 8th of October. With regard to the general position of the undertaking the directors remark.- "The Ottoman Bank was prowsed as a commercial bank, tobe privileged, as regards limited liability, by a Royal charter of nc,rviornt;.on, for which, it wras stated in the prospectus, applcatiol had thea beenmade. The Roal charter has since been granted, after communication between the Bzitish Government and the Sublime Porte, and the establishment of -the bank as ' The Ottoman Bank,' has been officiallrcognized in the Turkish dominions by the issue of an Imperial Ira& of His Imperial ajast the Sultan. "'Recetly, the TurkLsh Ministers have intimated their desire ihat an 'Imperial Ottoman Bank,' should be established, and proposals for its formation have been received by the directors. "After caeeful consideration of these proposals the directors have decided upon accepting them as a basis for negotiation vith the Porte. In the event of the negotiztion terminating satisfactorily, and it appearing that arrangements consstent with the interests of the shareholders can be made for this bank akldng unon itself the charactr desired by the Turkish Government, the details of the pro. posed mode of effectinz that object will be duly submitted for the consideration of the proprietors." - The report of the Southampton Dock Company, issued preparatory to their half-yearly meeting on the 27th inst., states the net revenue for the six months to have been 7,000 w, which, with 7391. remraining from last half year, gives a total of 7,7391. available for distribution. Out of this a dividend is recommended at the rate of 4 per cent., which, on 360,1585. the capital of the company, will amount to 7,211., leaving 5271. to be ca-ried forward. Subjoined is a further communication on the inconveniences sustained through the neglect of the Northumberland and Durham aDistrict Bank and other local establishments to take the numbers and dates of the notes they pay away. These banks appear to consider that they have only to study their own convenience, and that althomgh they enjoy privleges they owe no duty to the public. If a similar system were pursued in London, it would not only lead to numer6us lossesn but, by rendering it impossible to trace robberies, would constantly defeat the ends of justice. In the absence of' a voluntary adoption of a proper course, it will be desirable that, inany future regulations for banking companies, provision should be made to enforce the fulfilment of this precaution, and, meanwhile, it may. perhaps be a question whether in some cases juries wobld not be found to give damages to those who suffer by the negglect of it: N ewcastle-upon-Tyne, Aug.-19. *I notice in your dty article of Saturday last a complaint of the practice of the Sunderland branches of the District and Urnion Banks not to record the numbers of notes delivered in payment of customers' cheos. "This practice is very blameable, and the resut thereof iS severely felt by the creditors of a party recently declared a bankrapt, who on the 13th and 16th of July drew 6001. out of the Union Bank in 51. notes, of which the assignees have only recovered 2151., and traced the application of about 85., leaving 300. wholly uaccounted for. The assig nees cannot even ascertain that the notes found concealed, amounting to 2151., form part of those given in payment of either of the checks for 1001. and 5004 pald onthe dasv mentioned, and have no clue to the recovesy and identity of the missing notes for 3001., supposed to beraudulently concealedby or stolen from the person of the drunken bank rupt. "I am, Sir,yourobedient servant, T. B." Annexed is a reply to the complaint of a Liver- pool correspondent, that the distribution of divi- - dends under an important estate in Bankruptcy has been delayed until the end of October, owving to the holydays in the oEce of tihe Accountant-Genera in Bankruptcy:- Offlce of the A ccountant in Bankruptcy, Court of "Slr,-WithBankruptcy, A ug. 20. "Sir,-With regard to the complaitof 'A creditor,' published in your city artiele of yeterdag, I have to state that the complaint itself is groundless rn connexion with the annual vacation allowed to the clerks in this offlce and myself, as the Accountant in Bankruptcy has nothing whatever to do with the declaration of dividends. "Although the ordinary current payments are suspended during the neriod that the office is nominally closed (it is open daily rom 11 a.n.to I. pendingthat interval), there is a special provision in the order of the Lord Chancellor, by which, any creditor showing sufficient reason, may, upon application to the Accountant in Bankruptcy, recesve the amount of his dividend. "With reference to the hackneyed term in which 'IA creditor' contrasts the hardship of iceeping 'creditors wait- gwhilewell-paidpublic servants go adroadto enjoythemselves,' I beg to obseRve that the clerks in this office; as well as invself, are not more open than others engaged in public orMprivate establishsents to the charge of availing theiselves of a holyday, when considerately placed at their disposal by those over them. "Iam, Sir, your obedient servant, "RICHARD CilaRE, the Accounteat inBank ruptoy.". - The Bainiers' cagazine firnishes the reitrns of circulationoftheprivateand joinstock banks in England and Wales for the four weeks ending the 2d of' August, and gives the folloring -as the average weekly circulation of those banks during the past mnonth, viz.:I- Private banks. . 733,755 Joint-stock banks .. .. ....2. 290,714 A verage wreekly circulation... ..£6,724,469 On1 comuparn the above with the returns for the preceding month, ending the 5th of July last, it showYs- A decrease in the circulation of the private - banks of ...... .. . . 7,082 A decrease -in the circulationof the joint- etoch banks of .. . .. 44,387 Decrease on the month £51... ,469 And as compared with the return for the corresponding period of last year-viz.. august 4, 1855, .it shiows- A decrease in the circulation of the private banks of £. . . . . 297 An increase in the circulation of the joint. stock banks of ..- . .... 28,501- Increase on tho year ... ... ... z28,798 On comparing the above with the amounts of the fixed issues the following appean to be the conm- parative stsate of the circulation :- - The nrivatebanksarebelowtheirfixedismues £837,176 The joint-sock banks are below their fixed issues . . ... ... . ... ... 312,643 Total below their fixed ise ... £1,149,19
RuAiWA AND IzNNa sHAPS - . I I------: -d. -Thmadiuy Evenin. The railway-market was well supportedi aud priceis showed a further tendency to advance. In some cases-the rise averaged from 5s. to 15e. per shre, -the leading descripthons- havng been principall in&enced. Fewr trastions-took plac in foreign or Thdia~i alwres, but quotLitions gehieraUy.. exhibited steadiness. Miscell;eous securities pre sented little variation, the transactions continuing limited. Ottoman Bank, owing to notice o£3 cl left off par to j pm.; Bank of Egypt, 4to pm.; Nationa -Discount Company, 1 to * the New, Ij to i pm. ; -Bernarcl's Ptn ie Company, par to I pm. ; Riga Railway, :1§ to ipm.-; Pernambuco, j to 1 pm. ; Lombardokenetian, 6 to %pm.; Banlk of Switzerland, to j discouint; Cejl^on,-1z to i pm.; 13enga1sto kpm., EupiratesYalley,ttolpm.; andCopiapo extension, to i pm.. . . . - onrDInBY 8RB3~ AIh STOt:lS.
TRADE REPORT. Th urslay Evening. SUGAR.-There were no pubb'c sales to-dav the market is ve q,et, and the transactions of Wesqt Jfndian & ounts to0 y96e 5casks. privately' a floating cargo of 2,100 boxes white Havannah has been disposed of at 4.0s. for St. Peters- CO` Fx.-The auctions, comrising 461 casks, 230 barrels and bags plantation Ceylon sold freely at Tuesday's prices59s. to 7s. 6d. per cwl.. for small yg tobold coloury 5 3 bags good ordinary native broug t 51s to 51s. 6d. per cat. Privately a floating oar,go of 3,800 begs Brazil hass been effocted at about 47s. to 47s. 6d. for a dBtant port; the quality consieted of superior and ooa first. aRez.-500 bags Bengal at auction formed no criterion of amarketvalue. Privately, a 1o0t1,00 ybags soldlatesteray venng,andto-day's transations- are estiatedo at about 15,000 hags-Bullami at as highL as 9s. lO0Ad., and low middling to g Bengal, 10s. 6d. to 12s. per cwt, SATrETras.-There is some demand at yesterday's rates, but we hear of no sales to rexcort. TALLow.-TheO market is-fim-54s. is paid on t'he spot for new T.C., 53s. 3d. for September, 51s. 6d. for last tlbree months, closing sellers thereat.
THE COSr TRADE. MAIEESVER. Ai7. 2L UOWl ant gloomy weathersBA for the most partrevalled since our last reyort, vith, however. bat little ram untR last evening and throughout the night wvhei. some heavy showers feL Daring the same period the Eour tradeha, remained steady without actlvity, and good qualities of both English tud foreign have sUghtly increweed in value.nbeans. oats, oroatmeal nochangeasloccured, 4wleludian cero has advanced ls. to Is. . per quarter. Owing probably to a prevalence of contmry winds the arivals from abroad at LiverpoolarIe less extenfive than of late, tho chief imports consiting of about 28,000 quarters of wheat andg S.dObarelsoft four. Prom Irand, with the exoeption of about 3,N) loads of oatmeal the reoeipts are smalL There ws a fair attendance at oar market thSs morning, and the vweather being sho y the tone of the trade was further improved. aegshwhean t a held for an a2dvance of S. per quaWter, hut met a rieweslo inconseqrenco of foreign being relative cheaper. ll e.ic n eiutewas3d., andwredd.pterr b dearer. e nglishE fownbeinA held DB. persack higher, sold very slowly, while ericaLn vs le el acals in at an amendment of Is. perbarrel Indisnarn.cr omms noed Istd permquatermore money. Other article rn led tea uat lter rates. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~prqure 3MINGSTOL Afro. 21. stGlccsterarnue iet, onlthner6th snlishwheat gaveway IB., and and, foreign Is. to 2s. per quarter; aLt WGoreter, the samo dey. the prices of the prevnous week wre mantained. Barley is.to5. per quarter low er. vats rather dearer. Beans tending aownwa^r. Daring thevre3entweektheveay wetweawtherhascaused some excitementin tetrade, andprceshaveadvancedA2sr to3syerquarter en jaIl descriptions of wheat. Barley not so mu ch preesed for sale. Oats Gd. to is. per qarte<r dearer. Beans held for enuts as much monieey. SAt Wolverhspten yterday weatwas abont 3s. per quarter higher. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~e At this days marlket there was a short supply of wheat from the farmers, wshch sold slowly at 4s. to Ss. per qarter above the currency of thns day ae'nnight. Barley quite as dear. Oats 6G, tO ls. per quarter higher. Beans taken in retail, atraLther over previous rates. BHRISToE L Alo. 21. We mavela?,aimo st inerosst iusn fse the yast four dah, weich !stiUl continuea vith. slgt interrals of suhine, and o8et operations haveda oniequence been quite susnended, and we fear yonridecable daury wtl harve been caused, *oar markeot this afterneonsis shortla suipliede Inshe lreldshst, merestly old, fe hich 3;.to {s. per quarter adlnce i raizd, a d a largetrade has been done in foreign at an improvement of is. to3s. periqualter. Barley in thdrequest tnd new mltingreald ised from is to 5fe Per quarter. - Oats scarce and 6d. per quayr dearer. TndiaLn corn sells mere freelyat ls. per quarter aavawnce. GLACESG I Alua. 20. weith heavy rains the wheat trade has assums n £ o rimec tane-. tsr,liY and good foreign Sndingbayro w at an advauce of lb. tor mper quarter; inderior kinds neglected, aithough offered at late xatrei Barley in short supply, and previoasextremo rates liranlyinelsted on. Oat Gcoangemouforwoard spariyprtee sresthe turn in fa1our of selers. CusEmbsAenl An d. °l. A melancholy andvery serious change hans come over the weather ecUo ilas market day. On Sunday rinu,oured inoeiatly throughout the day, enla great deal of rainalso fellon Tuesday. yesterta,snd to-dday, sothat harvest operations have bneen entir-ely suepended In the midde.. A groat deadofcorn is standing in sheaves in te fieldrs, bt moreL5 uncut, and the latter, nowv fall riPe isalreadydaanged by the beatitnOg rain. Unlre3sthe wveather shortlytaes up lineagagin, there wil,b a feUllng off in the IsarreOt nroduce, linslead o' a crop of above the average of frsrt rsae quality. The samyleI of wheat, it isfaread, wil e sxiuied, but line weather Iowmay. ma great mecamie,re remedy the mishiefrdons. At our market to-day the attenda?nce was good, and wheoat was worth follyas. n,ec quarer more moneY. English wheat, Ge. 4d. to ils ,4 per hdael.d metna.hg barley. 45s. to 4e. pier quarter;* and grlindig, 49is, to 4ts.;- oasL, ide, to X2s5. per quarter; 'oe4s, 5e Gd, tofs pebbushel: pea,Gs.6sper bushel; and dour, GS. offper sack v urnce etchen and aye grwe'are in demand and sellDngat fell GLASGOW,- AlT. 210. We had sonao rain at the close of last wee}, bYUt sines then ffhe wveather has'beenadry and cold feorthe season, Cosatse aFnd from Ireland the supplies have been moderate. FroSn abrod, by the Clyde, they conmsioedoc S,S3S qusartersof whleat, and e,sio barrels of flour firom BNew York and M-ontreal;* and 820 quarters of wrheatfrom Alexandria, yn3 Grangemouths of 1193 quarters of beans and 11 quater of pas from the centilna.- Businemhss ibeenlanguid duringthe week, and the little inquirymakng wfaschiefly directed to moderate parcels ot barrel £our end oatmeal for ready usze at brly lst Weaedaf This day's marke£t3 ws thinly a.ttended. Wheast arnd flor meat a fair demand at a redurtlon of Gd. to Is re boll and barrel xsectll.* iBarley, beas and peas unalttered. Oats for feeding pwposee sup ported their previousaiue*rieillllnost declined M So 6.perIS7Hh.. and oatmeal ld,tots. per 2hWlh, tielnrtbaeattursldtaer.
l , L LrWAr V L E c -, f I, :. -.?6bTil-iusnrm | It appearthe dirictors of hnis compmny~,e resolved to recomnmend thie proprietors, abe ensuing half-yearly meeting&, ta cide payment of ai danided of-f 6d.per 3o . sae, Which, 'ith the diicknd- of 13S. 3d. paei lst halfU year, is at the rate of 31. L5&d .nL per cent per annum. EASTERN COUNTIMS. The report of the Irectrs of this company tae, that the total reoeipti of the company a 628,939., nd the expenses, including intereit upon mortgage debt, &c., 463,4161.; for the corresponding Ifalf yor the rCeiptS were t56,609!., and the expens 422,5 After deducting py. rnents to the Norfolk, Eastern Union, Eat Anglian, GreMt Northern, and Blackwall Riaiway Conuaios, interes on the Newmaiket and Bury capita, ihe Nei narket line ur. chase, Harwich lease, and new wrorksinderagreement, &e. thiere remains a balinceof£ 32,634l. divisible among the ordinaryahareholders of the company; tbis sum wili enable theproprietorato_reoummnd aJ dividend of 2L. yira, caring forward 3,46., 'which, if sO decided, wil be de. clared by the board,who hre considered it deirable not to declareany divfidend exceptabuthorircd by the proprietorM,-as upouthe twroformcer-earl.ylmectngsthesar eholdedc. cided upon takngthe. dinidend~ declared by the& diecors, wbilsdecliing to pass th6oounutsTheba eof3,86&.re. maining after the payment of tie dividend for the half-year ending the Slst of December M55, has nQt beenaddedto the mirplus b tance, t he sg tion of the auditors, who considered it desirabl at this sum should be retaiued to meet any claims -arising out of that half-yeai's aocount. The augmented charge for interest --of -3,1G1llis much larger thau it would otheiwise-have been, owing, in part, to the difficulties in which-the company was placed'bthe then agitation, and. adverse reports, wbich, affecting their credit, necessitited 'the .company layiig high rates of iun teres for temporary loans, The borrrowig powers of the company having now been clearly defined by Parliamraut and tle security of the company being ample, this item of charge wll in fature bereduced. Theinerease in thework. ing expenses of the companythe directors deeplregret; this reslts almost entirely from the sUtae of the permanent way and works, for not only are the charges under this head in excess of the corresponding half-year by 18,4514, or about 60 per cent., but the expenaiture for extra ga&rds, pointVmen, and police, in' consquence of the extensive repartion to the road, his added largely to the gneraI expenses in working the line; as the repairs, howvever, upon the main line are now rapidly approaching completion this extra expenditure is in course of reduction. There has been an expenditure in renovation nad improvements of the permnent way during the half-year of 79,9994; the report of the engineer, ar. Bruff briedy sets forth the main features of these improvements. The direo-. tors xreet that they are uot able to give a more detailed statement of this expenditure, in consequence of the dangerous illness of their chief engineer; bat, considering that so lar¶ an expenditure has taken place this halfyear under the head of .maintesance of permanent a, the directors have placed the whole of tbis amount for the present to the depreciation fund, purposing to credit that account 'vith 15,0004. in the current half--years accounts. The sum of 15,000 per annum was the amount originally stated as an aznuial. payment out of revenue to meet Mr. Bruf's estmate of the requirements to placeathepermaneat way in an efficient state. Up to the close of this haf-yea 121,0271. has been expended to seclure this desi2able result, 'which is evidence that:these reparations and improvements have been proceeded in with great vigour. The locomotive expenditure, after deducting the amounot charged to the lessees of the Tilbury line, &c., is less by 7421. than the corresyonding half-year. The. train mileage being also reduced 3S,700 miles, decreasing the expenditure umder this head from I11S330. to 11-07l3d.,whilothe earnings per train mile have incresed from 6015W. to '3-754 The expenditnre upon capital account for 'new works, new lines, additional stock, &c., amounts to 91,730!. 'The additional locomotive plant inder construction 3nd ordered, bat not delivered, will require a further outlay of 10,;004 All doubts as to the constitution of the different stocks which form the capital of the company are now set at rest, I and the borrowing powers have been definitively fixed during the last sesion -of Parliament at the sam of 3,195,2704 The powers already exercised amount to the sum of 2,723,953M, which includes the liabilities of the Newnmarleet hallway of un6,66 , der the agreement with that company, as well as the temporary advace tothe Eastern Union Company of 2W ,00L M Th bill contains powiers for.convering the mortgage debt into a debenture stock bearing in:terest.not 4xceeding 4per cent. e annum. Z The line branching from near the Stratfor station to toughton has beeneamined by the Government inspectr, and will be opned for traflc on the2.2dinst. It is intended towrorlc the trains in counexion ':ith tbis branch mainly to and from the Fenchurch-street station. Sincethe ls lrl- eazy meeting,3r..Robertson, late marof theEdiuurgl, Perth,Land TDindee hallway, has been appointed superintendent of theTlino in oonsequenco of the resi-gnation of Messrs. Capper and Church; and Mr. Sinlair, the manager and locomotive superintendent of the Caledonian Railwy, has been- appointed the locomotive manager in place ot M. Gooch, whose term of office has expired. The report of fr.'Gooch;-thelocomotive superintendent, states that the mileage run by the trains for the half.year. ending June 30 w 1,405,933 for passengers, and 1,115,517 for zoods-total, 2,521,480. The number of miles of ralway worked by the company was 620. The cost of workng the enginesm-ws at the rate of 6 110d. er mile, and for res and renewals 2428d-total for locomotivepoDwer 8538d The cost of the carriage and waggon department was at the rate of 2533d. per inile-maldng the total tost of worldng the engines and carrges pertrai milef107odn The reort of Mr,. Bruf, the engineer, states that the total ouay which hs been made for renewals upon the Eastern Counties lines during the past half-year has been .51,663!., and on the Norfolk -lines, 28,3360-together, P79,999. The result of the half-year's expenditure in regard to reconstructioi of- bridge works is that 151 bridges of various sizes *nd character, comprising 445 openings, have been permanently renewed in brick, iron, or timber work, or done away 'with altogether, and their site converted into solid embankment. The expenditure upon capital accourt for the half-year upon the whole of the lines has been 11,2654. He expresses a belief that after the present month they may consider .the lines avalable for anay reasonable development of working which the directors may think desirable to adopt for the. adantg of the company or the greater conveience of the public. Pur. c . Bullivant, the storekeeper, reports thatbhe took the stock of stores on hand in the store department, Stratford, on the 30th of June, 1856, by actual survey, and valued each areicle at the exact cost price, amounting to 49,6311 The inventory, as compared with the 31st of December, 1S55, shows a reduction in stock of 10,7417 The main canse of this dimnution is that lessroods have been purchased, and the eld stock has been made avaiLable in every case where practicable. The issules ts the principal departments for the past half-year amountedto 8 n,42 agant 115,8304 at the corresponding period cf 1855, shoing a reduction of 23,40441 The Lare decrease of 46,565t in the value of issues toathe locomot7ve deparvent partly arses from less stores havng been suppaied than formorly, and purtly fromnthe redced cost of the stores purchased, while at the sameime the ual9ity has beenimprovead. Theaincreseof1. 18p161edin theisss of theapermanent way department antes from the lrge qtuantity of timber- and wfay materials that have been required by thle en"i.neer. 'i'he mumber of engines in the weokin stock is 256, and tho number of carriages and wacgons 7,21. The average number of mniles run by each enge with trains drsing the half-year- was 9,136. .- ne capitoal acconth shows that 10,999,fa ut had been received and 10,948,1031. expended, leaving a balance of 51,45. -The revenue- atotnt of the groes trafc shovs thati 623,404 bad been reheived,iar ludingte 3,779e . from the Cambridge, alewmrket, andteuoy line, and 2n,0w0h from the East Asglian line, and334,929n. expended, leaving a Jethalce of 288al35a,olewhich the Es n Counties Company take 5-7ths, or. 206,0961.; the Norfolk 1-7th, or 41,219I.; and the Eastern Union 1-7th, or 41,219/. luetae eu umye _ _ ;TAF VALE. - -The half-early meeting of this company ws held esaterday atiBsistol; hord James sthuet, Chairman, preiding. An abstract of the statement of accounts appeared in fu riiows oein Tuoseday- nbhlofte5wdw Tche repo aTusday that the directors 'were happy to declare h dividend for the haf-year at the rayte of 4 per cent, per annum, payable o. the 6Th o September next, writh a dAvidend in the same pro a rtion on the preference stock, Clo 1. They hadalsoa iped the usual sum of 7504.to the depreeiation fund,and 2,00. for thepfrtose of relaingthe permanent way. The directors had made prouision for the safer and more convenient wrorking of the rilwy by meeting out of revenue sundry expenses, and bz supplying absolute trade reauiremnents,: for which no capital exit at the disposition of the company.. Thedirectors recommend that a sum of 2004 should be contributed towrards the fund now being raised- on behalf of the 35 widow, 92 children, and 14 :aged parents' who had been- deprived of their usual m.n.sns of subsistence by the recent explosion at the Cymmer Colliery. -The E^ly Tidal Harbour ndftailwy Bill nhad received the -sanctiion of Parliament, clauses . having been previusly inserted for the protection of the Taff Vale Railway Comp ny, and it is understood that tihe -works will'ne immediately commenced. Since thelas half- yearly meeting the directors had received a further sum of 15,0001, from the Taff Vale Waggon Compsny, anda call of 24 per share, prodicijig 315,000, becomes lalable on the 1st of September -next. -Forthese two sums, amountinv together to 30,0001., this company will assign stock alued at a like amount, ad a further lease will becompletedbetween the two ompanies. - - c The CmnALrv, in moving the adoption'of the report, wentthrough the various paragrapiswhich it contained, adding further explasations and congratulations. ,'Mr. T. :I,. SuRAu seconded the motion. -' Mr. J. BRow- and Hz. HUTIMs, 3LP., -offered some suggestions for improving the ondition ofthelineandthe accoMmodation' afforded by it, which the caa n pro mised should receive the attention of the board.' With re{f~rence to the proi suberip-tion to the sufferers by the Cjymmer explosion, r f--itchnsthought -the directors had adopted a prudeht course in reserving to themselves the application of. the money, as someof the naises were repudiating the liability, on the ground that rhe - 'ties welre reeiviIng support from a'c-bLic subscription,Nit he moved that the -su so to be granted should be 4001., instad of 200., s reo ended by the report - : This proposition was put, and carried -ssnaimoualy. - -1The report'was - adopted. '? - - a wk. - 2he retiring dlrectoi's'we'ro then re-elected, anud a'oe. __ -5h a *ce e the pry- The third mmral a g of the arehol in thi !!!ldwaandato.28 Paituwttstreet,I em y wm hIld p o 2,}ae te -woinfimber, Mr. C.n ni&e cha-r The ret e the epr,which d t as the 0 o t sy . ad Appee ie hd eeived the Boyal asent for rynh bn- sl3a Eyde, thus aecuig to this eompany a a to the sla independent of #ie edaing ssopoe, and pl*acjg. in terminur at -Ryde, a had beetxniafor oocmncing the f;k Krt*hwi -The notics had: been served for thew c the land, and tue hrms of a working agreement would be coWudo& with thil3omthWVestrn Ilaliway (oWpany by the time that the lne was redyfor pblictic - -; i The emi.rsrport stated that thie perrmanent sureys andtedtie drawing of the railway and pier ha beent CrIplated, the line hA bn eet ou, the 3laud-$ae had been prepared and arrd with theGeemary notes peupo the ladowners ad others for the pupe ofa poe sesion of the Land --- - p On the motion of the-CaAxxsI, the wsrt as opted, nd the prooeedi cloredw ith aoedto Ofs= 1ORIEEERN AND EAST.RV. - The af-a eriy meeting of this company ws held yesterdzrtibMi50ffk Bil%yz tatiou, lfr. fxteison in the ch.iri The Secretary read the report, which adw that the divi. dends on the S P oet. and 6 per ceat. 50M shares, would be payable on the25th inst On the notion of the Caimix- the Miot ws dopted and thie dividend dcard -After soe diacion, in wli r. Toz ihad Mr. WMIRMY to slcl hereiingdieos Mer. Bag. A v,ote of -hanis to the chairman concluded tEe pro- IIARYPORT A-ND CAEUISL - -E : Tbeha-yearly gusseralmeetin of thisu ompany wsa held on Wd ayat orl, 3r. G. . }rey, the chAirman, preamiWin Z uvr-ch acrtay re edt- T the rlep- whc Sta tha Ted"traf recIps for the-half are... h 30th of June had amounte to 23924,U Aohhexeids"' toA128 -911e incrleaeof Tevemiu6over thet*oresxp)nding ix monti =of 855 amoutedto1,04Thb e half-year, after provxdsnefor exopenditze derte renel Of way account,was 3,34U. Mr.M Dethe O that 13 niles of the -double reported eeecmieed that the wok ws rapidly proring; an that :slle thtosree e ttoswere The ro, after some discussion, was areed to, and Mr. ell andEr. Iaon, the retiing directors, were unanimouslyre.elected. ATA]WAY SlEEPEBS. 3Er.3. Bethell seatesg that the prooesdescribedin 7ce im Of wednesaas th i tion of Dr. Boucherie wa patented by hinti in %EglndiJuy, 1838 and was in June, 1 patented by Dr. ocheie in Paris, the deription of the proces in both patent being ihe same. -lie aL staes tha at first sight the invention apprs very useful, but he found that itould not be praCtically usd in Englandfor railwAY slzepes, a it muAt be applied to the wood "imniae. ditely ater the tree hs been cut down," In France it was different, because many of the sleepers used tbere were of beech growignear to terafl0ways, and therefore the sleepers could be cut and preparedwitin 48 hours after th-tree was felled; but in England beech timber ws moreexpens-ive than foreign fir, and was not liked by the engineers bcuse it w so liable to split. As to the enonnous saving that railway companies would effect by a process that -would preserve their sj=ee ,he has no doubt it would amount to more e 300,0004. per annum stated. Ee stateswith respeet to hiscreosoting cess, which was Patented by him n 1838, Sand for which received a prize medal at the xhibition of 18-1, that the london and or. AhWestern Company laid 17 miles of their railway between Manchester and Crewe, in 1240 and 1842 with is creosoted American fir sleepers, e a in Julasd the company's engineer had atatod that there ne t one instance in which ecay had been deteed in these cre soted sleepers, and that the company did not allow a deeper to be used that was not creosoted -that in May 18M, Scotch fir creceoted sleeprs were laid on the ern Coni ties lailway, nea Burn = =ill sttion, and tha the whole o£ these sleepers were now as sound and perfect as when laid down. Creosoted sleepers could be depended upon to last 16 years at let, and as the pst eperience of railway companies had shown that their sleepers had deca1ed in rom 6 to 8 yR it was clear that a icry lage susn would be savedhby thie adoption of that process. Incn cQICbisoTu, nlrx. Bethell states that creosoted sleepers have been founrd to resist theatacks of the white ants in Indis, and, con. sequently, the raily companies have sent them out to be laid down on their lines in India. TRAIC RETURNYS. Miles is. MPer- Total, 'Ttal, RAaways. ope u ase caihae. 183. 1855. ..eReS,wnt 9.-.s ; £. £. BsottlshlNorth3Esem . 115 ..- .- . ,419 2 4076 We *ending August 10 RdstcianslRxeter.. .. 117 .. - .. . 7.5 8,123 : 9t,&nslla... .. -. - .. - .. 953 911 LO=Tilbury.andsouth. -u Erteusioa .. .. - .. -9273.. 220.. 2,4_3 .;12j Week ending August 16. uimezskandFoynes .. 177.. - . - . .- 65 Londondeyand Coleralne 36 ; 257 . 79 . 346 ., 331 Xdo<euyandEnislen - S- 706 5 Norh-astern .,, .. 703M.. - - .. 37,425 .. 38,183 2mbre sud Mreus2e ... .. ,s38 - . - .:i2 Waterordand.merick. 77 - . - 1,167 . 1,03, Week ending AUgUlt 1. Attwsp and Rotterdam.. - .. 797 .. 270 .. 1,868 .. 1,294 Chesterandolyhead .. - .. . - .. 6,913 .. 6.3 Dublin udBelfas Junction 5 . 1,233 eatn Counties, Iosfolk., and easternUnion .. 417 ., _ . - 237809 ..24,0O FAst Lancashire .. 9..3 .... .. 9 - . ,47 6,783 S Western . .. .. ...23 ..- 29.937 lanaablxe and Yorkshiret 286. - .. - 23,S7 .. 23,077 Landonasnilackwail .. - .. L,586.. 7 . 1,653 .87 Xoondonand South-Weeern- 16,216. 4,016 . 20.232 ..lS.23T aniliheter, SheaMeld. and Lo ixot .. ..17 i.. - .. - .. 10,3 . 9.57T MIdI%nd . £ >..t .. - .. I.3161 .1 . 30.59J Midland Great Westemn (re. land. .-).. 231 ..1,630.. 4,51 . 03.Q71 Newport, Abergavenny. andHereford .. .. 40 .. -.. - M.1,05 ; 69S NOrthnlhiti.h .... .. .. 12 3 ,6221 .. 631 . 6,17( Oxford,Woroester, andWol- vseramPotn.. 9. ..2153.. 1,873 . 4,022 ..: 4,02 Scottish Central . .. - .. - .. - . 7,250 .; 6.3 Shrop&hiraUnion .. .. 2.. - .. - .. 06 . 793 Week endingAugust 15 Dublin and rklow 1 .. - .. - .. -.. 2,7 .. 1,803 The roelpt; formerthndin arL5we 4oblishad siter deduc0. t he balnc onth Lead anti !X>Pvapoj Ca.&n leiaa tTi ment incodes tine Liverpool, Croaby, and Soutnrttaf. "Ich iant ncluded intih oorresponding period. Icloucdingla1fof the ranciester, SouthJn,unctiion andAltinchaM reOeipte, Grlmby Dock dutiem ic., and Chesiterfield Caualreceipts.
ST42'X or. TRADE. The increase oE Iminess MiANOESTER, AUG. 2t. Thelnee& of bsinsswhich- was noticeable in the market on Tuesdea, has not been. p t e tody. On the contrary, there is mor quietnae udn lthou hfiere s no quotable alteration in prices, the tone of the market is somewhat weaker, and in aome quates there is a manifesb iLsposition to accept somewhat lower- terms than would have been entertained last weer lin yarns a moderate inquiry continues to be experienced from mnufactureM an= alsofrombaers for the German ami Russian murkets. Yarns ae &Iso sti5 inqmqred after for the Mlediterrane. NO-n2TGHAM, AUG. 2L The lace trade is in a helthy state, and we are on the eve of the autumn trade; goods ae, however, scarce, ra stocks on hand are very light. In hoaiezy the demand for the home marketis good, and there is a fair momint of busne doing forshipping. Inmerino acl1fthetrafeis1rz4s. The=ottore branches are tive, adlgher rates are ob bined. UPon the whole both te ae ad hosiery trades ae in a atishatory condition, and the opeatives well employed. Yas (both cotton and meaeno) are finm. DULwICH OOxG.-The pari-h of St. Luke, Old-street, having two vacsi for boy4 and ime fors, poor alnishous man, it is thi intotion. of Mr. Churchwarden, ohn Brownmdj M Chanhw&rden Robert Fisher to attend at Dulwich Colege on Sunday morninga extwitw five boys and. five. ahnshoo._ men belooking to tbh-nbove parish. -The s&urcivardens selet one boy7 out of the five, sadd tho flulwieh anAhoritim selt one boy. The Ghiren iben drawr for God's gift. Th being two vTacmese, tho abov Wm have it be r*,eei.ed 6 m - is ad_OPted in. the election of the aLfbeu.e =an, n 1 i s U i w- oordanee with leyiu (the fImer _)iL The election takes ulae r divine tlrvaee hIs th MEr . All dectis fake,7 pa Sussq, that d&y baring been ap pointed b7aln
ZODOV, FBrDAZlUGUST 2-2, 156. The fit conference of the National Reforma. tory Union is an event which certainly deserve3 motice. It may be said tiit the attention of the public i3 at- this moment fimea especially on crime, its nature, its statistics, and the preventives which havo been proposed for its diminution. Not, indeed, that the count i in a lower moral state than heretofore ;. on the. contray, there is proof thati crime of everv kiiid has lessened within the last few yea. The great development of national industry, thle aiscovery of 'veilth- eriug regions at the exitreaukes of the globe, and the consequent impuls' to emigration' and the extension of education to a larger part of hlie community, have all tended to diminiih want a:nd t6iLptation. Although The past twelve moiiths have been proliic in-strange and portentous offences, these have been mostly committed by men belonging to the wealthy or well-to-do classes, -a.d must niot be taiken as indicating an inciease of the regular, criine of the country. That mass of delinquencies which, in di dcy-peopled kingdoms, fo01lws aSlmost invariable laws, an?. depends on the deficiency of food, employment, and instruction, or the presence of some debasing! political theories, does, we are happy to say, show a steady yearly dimiinution but, as generally happens, it is after the worst is past that men strive to find an effectual remedy. Whenl -aDtain -Doc. and Ribandism were supreme in Ireland,-when the-disress of Lancashire 'and Yorkshire was continually driving their poor to outrages against property,-whenburglary, highway robbery,pocket-picking, andcoiningwerelookedupon I ia3 the natural occupation of the lowest class in this metropolis,-society had not time to philqsophize. The poor were plunged in ignorance, and-would not be enlightened; they-were brutal, and would not be softened. A man here and'there might talk of reformation, and point out that such a state of things must naturallyproduce a certain number of criminals every year,- and therefore legislation must go deeper than more punishment. But the worid in general felt it must act for the present. MIen 1uust protect themselves, their wives, and children from an immed;ate danger; and so judges, juries, and Secretaries of State thought of nothing but putting the law in force with all rigour against actual offenders. Kindness and philanthiropy might produce certain effects in 20 years, but they had to work for the present, 'and terror could be their only instrument. So they hanged, transported, and imprisoned with a vigour that shocks Tus now, but was perhaps terribly excusable in their own day. By the favour of Psovi:omw and our own endeavours crime in its most dangerous forms has almost ceased to exist. The most outrageous offence of 40 years since may, indeed, find a parallel at the present time; but violation of the law is no longer organized, systematic, or coupled with any particle of romance or sympathy. We have our criminal population well under,-that is, our offenders are 'now not only of the lowest class, but are even Pariahs amongithat class. They are, it is stated, weak in. bodyr, ovwardly and distrustful of each other;' the-look 'on the policeman with awe, and obey him with servile obsequiousness; they are no longer' the swaggering ruffians of the old time, strong in a confederacy of villany which ramified through -the kingdom, but shirking, timorous ill-doers, sharp and cunning enough certainly, but with no formidable attribute. in short, society no longer fears the criminal classes, and has rather begun to pity them. We suffer in- purse and quiet from them, but they can hardly be said to give serious uneasiness. Now, therefore, is the time to look more deeply into the causes which produce this yearly crop of wretched offenders who stand in the docks of the police-courts. The inquiring spirit of the age has elicited facts- concerning them which are as well established as those relating to' trade, or population, or epidemics. Lord STA2aEy, in hs statement at Bristol, dwelt on one remarkable, though not surprising, result of these investigations. It is found that an unduly large proportion of persons convicted throughout the kingdom are in early youth. From the returns for 1853 it appears that between 11 and 12 per cent. of the offenders were from 1' to 21 years of age; and the census of 1851 states that of the inmates of prisons on the day of numeration 25 per cent. were under 20 years old. " While the "number of persons," continued the Chairman, "between 15 and 20 forms only one-tenth of the "population at that time, this tenth part of the "population is guiLty of nearly one-foumth of tho "whole detected crime." Thus it appears from undeniable facts that -the criminal populatioci consists in an inordinate proportion of mere boys and girls. This sufficiently discloses the nature of criminality in these islands. It is at once reassuring and lamentable. It shows that crime is not the work of any particular destitute and disaffected class, but the result of ignorance in the young and neglected. On the other hand, it may well humiliate us that thousands are left without any training but what they receive in those universities ofi crime, the large towns of the Idngdom. Having this great fact for a basis, the Reformatory Union proposes to carry out on a large scale the reform of young offenders. There cannot be the smallest doubt that the phrase " the crininal " class" is strictly accurate. It is proved to be a class almost entirely sundered from the rest of the community, living in it, but not of it. The I burglar, the thief, the coiner, are thorough professionals. Our artisans and ploughmen are, we are happy to believe, not habitual offenders against the law. Some occupations involving unsettled life and precariousness of employment do uncdoubtsdly furniih a certain number of criminals; buft still all the authorities declare' that the great body of offences are committed by a comparatively small number of individuals trained to mischief, having- no other livelihood, and devoted to the practice from early years. It is even stated that this population -is almost hereditary, and that the criminal parents are succeeded by criminal children as regularly as occuapations are transmitted in' a Hindoo caste. According to one return, out of 100 criminal children at Manchester, - 60 were born of dishonest parents, 30 of profligate parents, while only 10 were the offipring of honest people. To cut off this supply is the object of L,ord STrIL-Ry. France and Germany have preceded us in this work, and the results of- their experience will be turned to account. It is evident that the country can do something with these children, and as undoubted that it is -bound to- interfere at once. Short imprisonments are worse than useless, they only complete what the training of the street and thse enahop have begun. To save the ignorant child is a duty, and it' is mere folly to speak of him as a citizen whose liberty should not be interfered Tith. The Legislature has already sanctioned the principle of retainingjuvenile offenders-who are ontheroad to ruin, and-c ubjecting them to a moral training. But, according to the English fashion, Government does not take the worlk into its own hands. Private exertions and benevolence are to have fair play, and the Reformatory inion proposes to organize the national efforts. The great principles without which success is -impDosible are, that the parents whose neglect or ill-treatment has made their child a criminal should be.forced to aid in his support aftcr the State has withdrawn him from their charge, and that the children should not receive any' educational advantages -which should - raise theam above the offspring 'of the honest poor. The' last regulation cannot but be deemedcasalaas as the first is manifestly just. .If the conniimio of a iarceny by a boY were to resiat in his being 'taken off his parents' hands, taught a business , , and assisted by the State to establish h'm'elf or to emnigrate,' it 'would be an evident encouxagement ' to the -.dishonest. negligenee of parents,. anmd .would -provoke masny a bitter comparson. among thoe who honestly work and deny themselve5 for their childrenes benefit. The primciple'of- such establishnients bei3ig allowed, it remains only to, study the details of practice, and endeavour to convince the countrey of the necesty of the icheme. We have lingered: behind in this matter because our convicts have' been, till -within a' few years, removed .by an' effective system of. transportation. But it seems that the habitablo globe is -now: almost fullk occupied.. The fairest.regions of the vast British empire are the homes of communities that a,e one cday to be great nations, and they will not receive cargoes of crime from the mother coIUtry. We cannot send men of the English race to settlements under the Pole or the Equator. Only a few districts like the Wes Coast of America, the East of Africa, 'or the shores of Torres Straits remain in climates moderatelY temperate. These must be soon exhausted, for it is proved that a colony of convicts alone cannot prosper,. and we must look 'forward- to the time when a race of free settlers will declare that they have had enough of the criminal element. It is time, then, to think seriously of reforming the class which must be kept at home, and no better plan can be devised than. the separation of the young from their teachers in wrongdoing, and their subjection to a severe, yet kind, discipline.
It is a great pity that our arsenic is not adul- terated as well as our bread. The bak-ers playsuch tricks with the loaf that woe are left in doubt as to whether-wheat or alum. should be'styled the staff of life. It is in vain that we anlgyze, protest, expose. It is in vain that dyspectic valetudinarians drive up to a -bakery in broughams of a solemn hue, and explain to tlhe adulterator, to the whitened sepulchre-we crave pardon for the confusion of metaphors-who presides ov.cr the estatlishment that the peace of their declining years depends uipon a due supply of wvheaten bread. The man of alum has long since forgotten to blush under the mask of flour which he ostentatiously displays, ho promises 'grain; but as soon as his injured customer retires he descends to the recesses in which he works his iniquities, and. fresumes his manipulations amid thetreasuresof-,themiineralkingdom. Now, with arsenic it is otherwise. For all that has yet been done this deadly poison is freely sold and freely bought in market overt. A bleareyed boy, doiciled among " dumaies," gallipots, and invalided leeches, freely dispenses it by the handful to the first ragged little girl or desperate matron who is anxious to deal. Nay, let her butput forward- the flimsiest pretext of fleas, bugs, dogs with sore ears, or any domestic affliction of that description, and the lethal commodity is actually forced upon the reluctant customer. The lady retires to her own home, and, if murderously disposed, finds not the slightest difficulty in " exhi" biting" the mineral in solution, and thus very readily entitles herself to the benefits -which accrue from the burial clubs on the dropping in of lives. The more usual case, we believe, is that the female head of the family is not really disposed to accelerate the departure to the next world of her husband and children. fer designs are actually against thie insect plagues of her establishment. She uses a certain portion of the poison to their destruction; the remainder she twiddles up in a piece of brown paper, and deposits it in the bael of a drawer, or upon an upper plate shelf, or in some other well-conceived cdw. In course of time gruel must be made for a sick husband or child, or paste for a pudding; the arsenic had been forgotten, and so the LORD have mercy upon their souls! It is idle to say that some remedy cannot be devised for this monstrous evil. Notwithstanding the curious history of the spontaneous com- bustion in the town of Bedford-an account. of which we gave in our impression of yesterdaywe do not believe that the choice is only between arsenieal preparations and the dangerous combination of sulphurous ftunes with the gas of charred wodaiwf-ie wish to rid our houses of insect nuisances. In any case better the plague of bugs than the plague of arsenic,-that is, unless the sale of this terrible poison ean be so regulated by the action of the police as to be denuded of its perils. There is defect in the law, or there is negligence in enforcing the provisionsof the law. This is peculiarly a ease in which the severest penalties might be enforced upon the druggists throughout the kingdom with general approbation. It is very easy to enforce the provision that,' save as an ingredient in the prescription of a medical man, arsenic shall never be vended in its' pure state. - In all other cases it should only be delivered, mixed rwith colouring matter, to the heads of families or persons of known character. Arsenical solutions are in such request for legitimate purposes connected with the farm that the attempt to prohibit the sale of arsenic altogether would .be oppressive and useless. It may be sold, however, under proper regulations, which should be enforced with the sternest severity for the general safety. We are well aware that the Legislature has not been altogether unmindful of this matter, but how its recommendations and prohibitions are regarded may be gathered from the following brief statement of facts On Tuesday last JAw2 NnwTow, a weaver, the wife of Hannx N\wroN, a blacksmith, was placedat the bar at Liverpool before Mr. Justice WnIEs. She was indicted for having on the 4th of May feloniously administered to her husband half-an-ounce of white arsenic, - with intent to murder him. It was on a Sunday morning,-the wife had purchased some stew, which she had put into three pots, two for her children, one for her husband; her own portion she ate out of tEi jug. A few minutes after the husband had swallowed the mess he was seized with a vomiting fit. The father had divided the remainder of his portion-between-. ihis two children; one of them appears to have partaken of it, and was also rendered sick. The mother, whether-by a fortunate inspiration, or whether; it was that she was really aware that arsenic had been mixed up with the portion of dinner served up to the husband, took from, them in time what he had given them, and threw it into the ashpit. The child soon I recovered, but- the husband remained very ill until the next Wednesday. His wife fetched a medical mau to his assistance, and appears to have conducted herself as aninnoceatpersoniwould have done. The evidence at least sati3fied the jury that she was not guilty, for in a quarter of an hour they brought in a verdict to that effect. The propriety of this verdict we are not about to discuss. There was room for great suspicion, but we are far indeed, from saying that t-ho verdict was not a correct one. The individual case, however, is matter-of secondary consideration, save in so far as it serves as an illustration of the atrocious facility with which arsenic is delivered at thshops of the druggists to poor and ignorant persons. The v:orhan admitted throughout thaat she had purchased at the shop of a druggist in Ashton-iiuder-Line a quarter of a poiund of arsenic, as she said, for the purpose of cleansing the flocks and beds in the house, vhich, as she stated,' were full of fleas. The circumstances con'pected vith the purchase Avill be best gathered from the following extract, -which we take from our rcport of yesterday:- j 'i 8ah e-nes, examie by rr. WL}smn.-I live in F.atoryd son-underlide. On Friday, the 2d of May,,prmoner,at~o . yr-Iouse about 3,o'clook in the afternoon, anid sai&sh l:a been busy amo the flochs aU1 .day, destroying fe. Shs said she had been thinking a;bout. sorue aenic, and asked me if .I would go with her to buy seme. I said I ould, adai awaent away. In the evrning she sent a little girlto me. Iwent, iamowpaied her to Waterhouse's druggist's Shop. When tie assistant came in she asked if he sold er and he id 'Yes,' andahe aese *orXqu"rerofspoand. Hebe to weighit, ad asked what it was for, and she said 'To kill fleas,' Mr. Waterhoue came in, anid asked the boy whbat he was weighin, and he said 'Xlercary,' and Mr. Waterhousesaid to prisoner. f Are you -aware what this is for' aad she sid, 'Yes: I want it to mix among the, flocks.' -e sai 'You must he careful; tit:serysevere stuff;' and she said, 'IThersis a person here who has used it,' We left the shop together. She said when she got home she iould show it to Henry for hewovladbeverygladto-getrid of the flei I promised to lend her apau to boil itin, and she said she would coned for it n?ef morning; bit sIhe never, did. ShE came tc.3my house on the Sanday morring, and said Henry was very il with bile in the stomach. I saw her again on the: Tuesday, and asked her how Henry was, and she said he had had a-better night. She -then-said-there were two chickens and a hen of hers de d. "BY Mr. Sowler.-I said to her, at her own homse, ' Thou kmow'st, thetumewibethoucame fornie to go with thee to buy mercury, tho -said'st !b was for the flockls.' She replied, 'Yes, iHarry is there, and he knos it.' ]EEO made no reply.- . "Peter Reddin examined.-I amn a. xssistan, to Mrh Waterhouse, chyinist and draggist, Ashton-under -ine. I don't know either thi prisoner or the last witnmess. I k-now JosephShaw, and rememberbimn being in the shoe when,three females also came in for mercury to kil vermin. I supdie& them with arsenic; mercury and arseaioare the sameothing. 3fr.-Waterhouse was there, and he received the money' "Py Mr. Sowler.-I don't know vho it was came for arsenic. "By the Judge.-A, t=apoonfuZ of arsenic woulIc ail, - person. Iarnz 17 years of agf-' ;AIr. STON ,: the Professor of Chymistry in the Ashton School of Anatomy, seems to have a very different opinion from this young gentleman as to the :virtues of- arsenic, for he told the Court that: a teaspoonful of arsenic would poison 20 or 30 people. The statement for the defence, -lhich we give as an illustration of w what may happen when asenic is intrusted to ignorant hands, was, that the prisoner had made a solution of the arseric,. 'which was colourless, to sprinle the floclt and beds, and that by some accident a portion of this solution was left in the pot into which she had poured her husband's dinner. There was "deatb. -" in the pot," indeed, although she was not aware of it. The public have a right to be protected against these accidents. The presiding judge and the jury expressed themselves upon this subject in terms of well-merited indignation. Let the admixture of the colouring matter inth arsenic be enforced with the most unsparing rgour, and under penalties which will compel the attention of the most careless. it might also be worthy of conmideration whether it woild iiot be. advisable in all cases either to license certain shops foi; the sale of deadly poisons, or at least to insist upon it that poisons should only be sold by the principal himself. There would, of course, be a certain amount of inconvenienceinilicteduponbonuffidepurchasers,butthiswould simply amount to the necessity of " calling again," It could not for a moment be set against the risks which we run at present from the promiscuoas ard unguarded sale of the- most poisonous drugs. Of course, it is needless to say that we. do not mean to include the prescription of a physician or recognized medical practitioner under such a prohibition. It may be said that we are thus about to encompass the purchase of poisons, even for the most legitimate purposes, with serious difficulties. That is so,-the purchase of poisons should be attended with difficulty.
To comprehend the arithmetic of those gentlemen who have run through their fortunes, contrive to live upon debt, and, with an income of 01. a-year, find it more economical to keep a carriage than to go witlhout, requires a considerable effort of intelleot. We meet with a difficulty of a similar kind -hi attempting to ealculate the expenses of another class of individuals afflicted with poverty and dependent on their neighbours. How, with a continual diminution of, pauperim throughout the country, the relief afforded should, every year, and every half-year, cost us more and more, is a mystery beyond our comprehension. Some months ago, in introducing the last report of the Poor Law Board to the notice of our readers, we had occasion to remark on this anomaly; and the returns which have just been published, bringing. down the statistics of pauper relief to Lady-day of the present year, are calculated still further to stimulate inquirry. These returns are in themselves meagre enough, and naturelly so, as involving only such transactions as can be fairly reckoned up at the end of half-a-year, buat, +aken in connexiona with the more ample data of the previous report, the information now furnished is full of mauiinug, and merits the most serious attention. Intl e outset, however, we must observe, for the benefit of those who may be disposed to follow us in the investigEa9Hion of these pauper statistics, that there are no accounts which give one so much trouble as those of the Poor Law Board. Indian finance is' mere child's play in comparison with pa-uper arithmetic. There is magic in every page; the figures are-changing and dancing about as on the enchanted sword of the Muzsslman. In one place we find- that the gross. total of persons relieved, on the 1st of January, 1855, was 841,636 ; afewv-lines below we find that they were 851,369:-a difference of 10,000. Similarly, on the 1st of -July, 1855, it was mentioned in the last report that the gross total of persons relievedwas 812,070 ; it,is now saidthattbe numbers were 812,594. 'Who can make anything of these figures ? Let no - one attempt to add up the statistics of the tvo half-years together; if he expects to obtain the result as recorded in the report the attempt will be -a signal failure.. And the same confusion is carried into the items of expenditliue. -Will anybody have tie kindness to explain to us the principles of the rule of. addition by which the following result is anived at-?- Expenditure for indoor rnaintenance from the 25th 'of March to the 29th of September, 18;54.£.4.5.. ... .4.. .. 95 Ditto, from the 29th of September, 18, to the 25th of March, 1855 ... ... 497,62l Total for the year ending Lady-day, 1855 £21,09,71i Doubtless, - the - clerks of the Peor Law, Board can: give an account of these discrepancies; but what is the use of presenting such figures to thepublic without a word of explanation? Suppose, again, that we take up Appendix 31, which contains a comparative statemnent of the sinus levied for poor-rates,. and expended in relief and for other purposes during each year of thle present century. It is the most important' table in the voluide, for statistics of this kdnd, only. attain their true value when they extend over a considerable lapse of time. We examine this, and find that the amount of money levied for poor-rates during the year ending Lady-day, 1855, was 7,864,0001. Very well. Of this sum there was expended in relief of the poor only- 5,890,0001., while for - the county and borough rate, police force, vaccination fees, and other objects, various sums were disbursed, so that the vhole expenditure am'ounted to 8,089,0001.,-considerably more thanthe produce. of the tax. In almost everyyear since.thapassing of the new -acb the same. excess,of expanditure over income will be obseirved in -the accounts of the' Poor Law Board. Not that there is any roal excess; in another table we fild that th>e Board 'is rei pt_of ctain: okethersn-in-id of the poor rate, which. make -iti income for the year under conEiderat.ionl 8~1Z5,>l(0001. \}But- Cwry- is -not ths :mentioned inz a table where it would be reall- of -mporta'nce -and where, finding the t6tal- of expendituire; we expec fo find-al the total of-reyenue t onsidering thiat weL look to the Poor Lw -Board for somue of l~the. most importafits taisticv of ofbur ,c a , ;-and that we are now looidng foerward to their-aid- in the colleftion .of. agriculul AstisOts, it i neesry to remind' them that defective information is often wo^rse 'than: none, since -it can. :oii-y misleid,2 and, thft a confusion of facts auid .figuresshot.do.wn,before,. us -like rubbish frotm dustcart is a miere waste. of labour. - And now maldiig -the best cf these 'tatitiIcs, let us state some of -themore'prominent results. By hg6ithacon.s the sum levied for poor-rates was greater than i ayIyear 3ince the new'act with regard to pauper -elief. n. 1834, the -last - year- of- -the old- qstem, - the- rate amouxited] t6. 8,`-338,0001. in the yesr -ending 1uady-tayr 1o55,:it. eached, as :we have said, -'864,0001.; and when the -accounts 6f the year eendingT lat Iady-day are pu4l;ihed they will be found to exceedthat sum; if iot-t aetuly to reach fne level of tlie enormousi ta that soire- 20 years ago-used' toi awaken the terror ofjpolitical econo-- -ists. ' It is-true.-that' a large 3art of this tax is devoted to other purposes than those which coMe strietly under the head of'pauper relief. !hfore than a million and a-half is made over to the borough and coun-ty rate for police and other expenses. It is 'tue, 'also, that under the- name of pauper relief is now afforded mrore liberally than ever. a form, of assistuace to which no objectioh can be urged, about a-quarter of a million being spent -in medical relief 'alone. Still-the fact remains that the-amount of money expended in maintenance is g'reater now than it has been for the last 22 years. It amounts to little short of 6,00,0001., according to the last statement, and in the year which 'has-just been' cocluded the expenditure is still more. n the' half-year ending Lady-day, 1a55,the total disbursed for in-maintenailCe and - out-relief was 2,036,0001.; a sum which, it ought to be remembered, does not include officers' salaries and rations- andthe general cost of management. For the half-year ending Lady-day, 1856, the total expended in this way amounted to 2,098,0001., involving an increase of 62,0001. Of this increase no less thfe a fifth part falls to the share of Milddlesex, in which the total for the half-year is 160,0001. In a few counties there-has been a considerable deciease. In Lancaster, for example, -which in :155 expended alarger sum than IMiddlesex by 6,0001., the-disbursement is now less than the metropolit.a;n expenditure by the same sum. :Durham exhibits, as usual, a progressive decrease of pauperism, which amounts in the .last half-year to a saving of 4+ per cent. on its outla~y. Staffor& and Warwick-, on the otheihand, show an alarming increase, which, in proportion, is about double that of Middlesex; the outlay is increased 16 per cent. E It is a pity that in presenting these returns of expenditure the Board did not at the same time give some indication of the numbers receiving relief at the period to which the returns apply. We are presented, indeed, vith alist -showing the total number of paupers, but that list has no reference to any day in the haf-year ending M1arch 25 last; it applies to a much later periodto the'1st of July, in the heig,ht of summer, when the numbers ofpoor are necessariy diminished. It is requisite tolook. back to the old report in order to ascertain-that on-the 1st of January, 1856,-the num-ber of paubers amounted to 877,000, or 26,000 more than on the same day in the previous year. in the -1st of July they numabered 795,000, or about 17,000 less than on the same day last year, and 80,000 less than on the first day of-the. present year. The number of ablebocied paupers is also diminished, being 123,000 males andfemales. Eventhat number'is by 'this time very much diminished through the demauds of 'the harvest, and even when our workhouses showeed the !Wn=xmum of paupera at the commencement of the present year, being then more ful thau they have been since the winter of 1849-50, there was .in comparison to our whole population a considerable decrease of pauperism. These facts are so far cheering. 'We could have wished that they were presented in greater detail and in better order, but, such as they are, they serve - to indicate that we have now completely passed the period of war, that the pre3sure is now lightened, and that peace has brought plenty in its train. With that plenty let us hope that we are not going to be threatened, as in years past, with paupers like the Sybilline books, progressively decreasing in numbers and continually increasing in cost. i I I I i
We are informed that we have been led into error as to the authorship of the letter -which we printed yesterday with reference to the verdict recently obtained against the &otsmwan newspaper. The Christian names of the very distinguished writer whom we all know as Professor AvTouare, as it appears, " WinAr EDxOwsTON." Oar correspondent of yesterday signs himself " JxESz " ATrou." We are told that he is an advocate, and a person of considerable standing, bnt not *1ie AYTOim. -Under these circumstauces we can but apologize for an error into which we have been involuntaiily led by siuilarity of name. As far as regards the sincere expression of personal regard towards Professor AvTolw -which we yesterday used in commenting upon the letter of our correspondent, we have nothing to unsay. The article in all other respects is a correct statement of our views Aupon the subject of the verdict against the &olsmnai, and- of the arguments by which that verdict was supported.
- COU1:T CIBCJULR: OSBOR LE, ;arU. 2 His Itoyal Highnessth Duke of Camnbridge WILl arrive to-day on a visit to Her MajeBty. Her Majes t'held a Privy Council at half-past;*16cloc6 which was itteuded-by his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, Mr. Secretary labouchere (officiating as Lord President in the absence of Earl Granville). the Lord Chancellor, the Earl of Harrowby (Lord Rrivy Seal), Viscount Palmerston. (lirst Lord of the Treasury), the DaTke of Welington (Iaster of the Horse); and Lord Ernest Bruce (VMco Chaim- At the Council.-Parliament wvas ordered to be further prorogued from the 7th-of October -to- (it was understood) the 13th of .LTovember.. Mfr. C. GreviUe vas the Cleric of the Council in waiting. General Sir John Burgoyne arrived yesterda on a visit. After the Council the 3flnisters retrned to London, with the exception of Visoount- PalmeratoN who remaint-at Osborne. The Lord Chancelbor, the Earl of arrowby, Mn. SecretayLabouc:here, and. theDuike of Wellington, acompanied by Mr. C. Greville. Clerk of t.he C.ouncil, left town at a quarter past: 8 'clock yesterday mrnoingby a Bpecial train on the Souh-Western Ralway to attend Her Maje4y in Councilat Osbomne. The Ministerresohed Gosrport t2 past 1 o'clock, crossed in the Vivid, and anrivevtOabo about 1 o'clock. -:The Ministers left Os~bome, ontbeir re' tr, in the V7ivid, about a quana to. 3, needling ao port at a q er to o'clock, and, aecomp+aied b Iord . ^t Bruce, returned to town by special trion the uthWestern Railway. Deepa.tches werea eceived at the Colonial-offioe rd Inc-rn the Governors of Ceylon ana malta. SouL&sro2; ThUlrSday.-EHI Royai- Higine.s the Ddke,of Cxtnbridge, Con ndjjer'i ChW, -e1nbirked' from the, docks t>d on board Her * iajests I a ac 4 for Ohlorne on'a visijtno HerMajasty, -
- ~- A.3FAIICA.,- [A smntr of th fol'wa rwi' a gu3, aered xc vur secondodaie i, ef u-Iq :- By tfe Cunard screwr Moodie, vve have aricesfro7xr Yi inA ~~~, , < - f`._ > :,: - - ;-£ r The Asia had arrimved at-NewiYor d* A bloodless duelal h bween oughta w -between two editors .Prior, of the Riu' .uirer, and Ridgeway, of the Whiy Mtethe flst shot some friends arriTed' upos the red a- setle the, matter amicablly. Th- hall iw was withdra'wn andd ir.. r. T r admitted At n larguage was used under Yhe beliEe-that it. 1W* r. Riageway's ettled determinstion tforee iiniintox " difficulty."- :3Mr. Ridgevway disclai;zed any such intention, and thus th e l-ater ended.:- :. in Iongress, the- .ny and 1Na Ap ition boills had been passed.: Te Presi ent-3 communicated with thne S;enate inaaswFer to tfie,reistionl Thallin-g foir iformton relative to- affii~n Sa Fmn-caco, together with- the correspondence on the subject.- T he letter of the Governlor of Califoriiia aks the President for 3,000 stand of )nuia.ets, 2 morars, 300 ihelli, and 2 gGs3 of large calibre, with their ammunition and appliances, proniiaing They hall be paid for or returned. H.e likewise Wles the use of The militM7 anina va f-es to suppress the jisurrection. The Peidenti Conceiving insuperable obstacles to' the -action demanded, refe-fred jthe sabject to the FAtbmieyGeneral, -whose opinion he approvss. fr .uashing argues that there is no evidence im Th Governor's statements, 'or in other authen2tc i formation, that in what has 6ccurred in S-n cisco there was committed or threatened any acto resstance or obstruction to the consitution, law or official authority of the United States, and tha the President is only to be :moved to action,b tb Legislature of thtN State in Which the.-;nsurrectio exists, or of the Executive of such State when suc legislature " canno' be convened, and when imm fent or nxtreme public disaster can be averted onl by such interposition of the :Federal Govenent.t ae sys the whole constitutional power of Clifornial has not been exerted, and it does not appearthatthe| G overnor took any steps to convene the eus e, although that remedy might have besa adopted and had its effectual application to the evis, long before any sulch remedy coud be demanded from the P sident. . the' Referring tothearge shipment of specie by the Persia, The Courier andInl .rer remarks - "The above shipment includes a considerable soui from Philadelphia, as remittanoo for iterest to the foreig reditors of tne State of Pennlrania; alsopaxt of the imiterest ontheEllroad Bouds, paid out in thus city since the st inst. In fornmeryears these dividends were anniullyreinvested in American Secuit:ea, but at present the speculation in shares oF the uumerous new enterpises inEng and and on the continent offers a more profitable field of opera tion to foreign capitalivts,, and renittances iu xcxanp at the present rate involyiig a certi los, specie was hiped by special order." Tn the lIew York Aock-market The tendency.was sti downward. There was no change in cotton. Breadstuffs were firm. Freights to Iverpeol.were ratherEirmer. -
ZPBOGPESS OF THE ENGLISH IN INDIA. _Fom the FHr?m of India.) The 20th of June Was the aemteumsy of the Nassacre of the Black Hole. It -was on tho 20th of June, 1756, that Surxj-ood-Dowlah, after a triumphant entry into Calcutta, permitted "that grat crime, memorable for its singular atrocity, memorable for the tremendous retribution by which it was followed."d From that day forward so unbroken bas been the course of British conquest, so unceasing the growth of British power, that its events have passea not only from reollection, but almost from belief. The imagination refuses to realize the bictre of a Governor of Fort Wliiam slining to his boat, and every European in Calcutt. trembling for his life, at the advance of a 2Nuwab of Moorshedabad at the head of a rnbble of Bengalees. There is no hope of dominion, however wide, no ,dream of progress, howevervisionazy, wvhich is not justified by the history of this hundred years. If we were evenl now to redicttbat in 1956 an Anglo-Saxon Governorz-Genral of China would hold levees at ekin, t'lat Cambodia would be a Commnissionership, and Japan a province valued chiefly for its fertility and its revenue, we should be accused, most justly, of unpractical speculation. Yet that dream wovald be les marvellous than the accomplishedfact. There is a native lady yet fighting lavsuits in Calcutta, whose husband must have watched, perhaps shared in, the triumph of SUraj-ood-DowlalL All that we havo accomplished, -the subjugation of an empize larger and more populous than that of Rome, tlhe organization of a Government for an eighth of the human ace, is comprehended within the span of those two lives. It has been accomplished, too, by a force which has never yet been equal to one clear ienth of the popula.tion of * 2residency town. There is nothing in all history to compare withtheachievement. XRusialrules a-widerterritory, but one-half of it fell to ber by accident, and 300 years have elapsed since Ivan I. freed his country fo6m-the Tartars, and himself from the aristocracv. The Riomans conquered races as brave, and countries perhaps as advanced in civilization, but they spent 700 years in the execution of tlhe tas. 'Alexander subdued territories as broad infar less time, but his work was upheld only 'oy'the vigoUr of his single mind, and pershediith himsalf. The Spanish empire in America is the only one wrhiclh can for a mnoment hear comparison ith that of the English in ndia, and the whoIe population of those vast territories-would. not he mesed from an Iludian census. In these days of political effeminacy, when the conquest of an African island is to- "gigantio" an undertaking for Great Britain, and the pres! screams because one more Mussulman kl'glet is bnashed out of the path, it is well occasionally to recall the great deeds -a have lready performed. But it is not to indulge in any feeling of natural pride thlat we vsish to recallthis. an_nversary. -'it may serve. a better purpose in enaconraging us to the vast tasL which yet re3mis to be accompleahed. The century of conquest may be considered complete. Is the century of olvilzation tocommence ? For as yet% fully as we recognize the achievement already performed, we admit that we have founded nothinl. established Do one institution, which wouid endure if the external uressure were withdrawn. WVe have conquered the bodies of this great population,, but their 'minds are still too much exempt from our authority. Tho rhymed sentences of Sadi have still greater influence in India than all the philosophy oftheWest. W have placed India munder one Govermment, but its component kingdoms are still without the slg-htest cohesion, or desire to- cohere. The provinmces of Rome called their severauce from the empire the greatest of calamities. We have created an army more powerful and better disciplined than the army of the XloguL but ouir system still depends -holy on ourselves. Themllitary system of Alexander endured for centuries after his death. We have passed lar;s wiser tan those of lunoo, but we have implanted no theory of soundlegisclation. Rome perished, but daily life in Eunrope is still rcgulated by the precepts of 3usinian. We have founded coTleges by the dozen, but the people, these 150,000,000 of whom wre talk so much, are as barbarous as their forefathers before them,; 300 years of savage rule had not driven out the Roman education from themunicipia of Gaul. We have created a judiciary free, atcleast, from corrupton, but the nativerideaof utice remains unchanged. We leave estrained the enoraities of tndooisr,hut we have given the people no net feithto replace the old. We have fostered or formi£ted a giglantic trade, and there is not one sound principle of oommnerce yet rooted in the native mind. The task remuainng to be accomplished seems to the deepest thinkers almnost hopeless. It is so if we fear, as thec conquest of India would also halve ien to cowards. But if wre bring to it the energ and the courage, tbe-firnness and the contempt for the impossible which we have brought to our military taisk the historian of the next century may Yet chronicle a result as magnificent and infinitely more enduring.
2UVEfR PIZ(TZ. TO THE EDITOBt OF TER TIMES. -Sir,-There is sletter~in-r!7/ Times of this-da (lxi reply to one signed " X.,"in yoir paper of t:he 1Sth.in4t. nauf rocacy of Urquiza's late projet de loi to impose iiffetisl duties on all foreign goods not coring direct eplaceas of their growth or nufaecture. - At first view the argument of the wzit=r sems not fair, and it is safficiently specious to impose on the umrefecting, or on those who are not acqwainted. 'ith the trade. But its falsity May be easily Oeen throuh on zeflecting tht we have Factally at presentall tbe iple'sw)i4 the new vlaw retends to give. jYe coold awas Ahip- goods diuect up the fivers, and attempts have already bhen made to cultivate a direct trade, but the time has not yet come, the country is not sufficiently developed for it. and it is clear that to force the trade from its a>ccutomed channels by rtstrictions and prohibitory duties can only tawse enpense and loss.- The time may cJme, and no doubt 'wil come, when the ports in the intefiorwill Mturally apcquirs a shae of the orteig trade, but tu ioreetill that time can only be done with, low and so far from seeing cur exporth incrwemaby 'he fulfilment of sucls a measure as that coniemplated, we should fmcl themi decrease. The meastre ba; notp d the Senat, and itiWas the opinien in Buenos .Ayrcs that A law so ohjectionJlein overy way would not pas that dy.- Its immediate conscquenoeswould be tcde ea huge system ot axniggbljng, aud inthe end disputesl atd ar, In fine, the anfmut wvhich dictated tIm mueatre wa not patriotism, but a lurldig jeaosy -and hatred urBSnnos Ayree, whose free centaUtxibn andlibera<i Government is a standingreproach to the 2Rosaite sytE nd ditfowo -Y ni-r nl,edsant serantai. - 'PORT!NTo. Manchester, Aug. 20.
1 FITJ3S I- BLVs. 1BRUSSELS, Aua. 20. vis t of Kingeopold to Antwerp has been bLade the ccasion of the most magnificentf6tes and Tejoicings in that city, in comnimomtion, of 'the 2Zth annivernry of the present monarchy. These. =onstrations cqmmenced on Suikday morning last, non thie' arrWal of His bajesty and, the _Royal Emily at Antwerp, at half-past 10 o'clock, and did s-ot terminate until last night. There was one continuous ovationfor the three days, adunotbing coula exceed the brilliancy of the reception given by the VIhole population to the ing, -the Duke-and Duchess of Brabanltj-the Count of Flanders; the PrincessCharlotte, and the Royal suite, of which the cief members of the Government. forsued a apart. The city presented the most animated and beautifal appearance. Triumphal arches were raised in gavezal of the leading thoroughfares; and garlands of flowers, transparencies, gorgeous velvet hangings,. and various appropriate devices and inscriptions wfere to be seen on every side. Banners, lags, and 9treamers were flying from al the public buildings nd from the windows of almost every house, and the masts of-the vessels that were lying in the river were similarly decorated in-the most profuse nmanner. His Majesty nild the Royal family were received on their c3rval- by hi. Loos, the burgomast-er, and the municipal authorities, who presented him with an address couched in the most eulogistic term3s; and which attributed the continued peace and properitiy of the kdngdom since 1831 to the vi6dom a:nd benevolent chlracter of his reign. A ma4nilcent procession, headed by a regiment of the Guides and accompanied by a grand militarv band, was then formed, and conducted the illustrious person-ge3 to the:Palace amid the most-vehement acclamations of the people and repeated cries of " Five le FM," 1 Vivreat les Pin=ces et les Princewses." In front of the Palace was elevated an altar aplendidly decorated on all sides, and suginounted bya canopy onaaented fwith flowers and with rich velvet and gold hangings, and surrounded hy poles fom which were supended flags ana banners. The most artistic taste WaS manifested everwhere in the decorations of the buildings. The King -and- the Royal family having entered the balcony in front of the Palace, a solemn religious procession, headed by the Cardinal . Archbishop of Malines, carrying the censer, and his two ihief vicars, approached the altar. A- semicircle vwas then formed in front, and the chief functionaries of the city as well as the leading members of the various municipal bodies took up the places that were appropriated to them. The gorgeous services of the Catholic Church were then performed, the members of the Royal family in the balcony assisting in them. The whole concluded by-the chanting of the Te Derm and other thanksgiving hymns, in which the merabess of the chief musical societies took the leading part. It would occupy ioo much space to detail the various scenesof rejoicingthat were enactedthroug,hout the day. The King and PRoyal family and suite partook of a splendid banquet, which was given them by the municipal authorities on Sunday evening. It was upon a scale of great mag,nificence. M. Loos, the burgomaster, proposed the health of is hlajesty, which was received with the most deafeninlg applause. The whole city was brilliantly illuminated every night during these fites. A great many. private housses were decorated with beautiful stars and other devices in gas. The POrtraitS of Hi3 MIajesty and the Royal famly -were exhibited upon transparencie3, and t>he motto, L;a Vile D' Anuers au6 MeiUenlr des iRois, weasfrequently to be seen. The chief feature in the demonstration of Monday was the inauguration of the statue of Vandyke, the work of IM. Cuyper, a celebrated native artist, who presented the monument tO the birthplace of the great painter. This most interesting ceremony took place at 3 o'clock upon La Place dr. Tdie, in ti'epresence of H[isMIajesty and the Royal farnily. The King and Royal famnily returned to their palace at Laeken, near Brussels, this morning. A deplorable accident has occurred on the line of railway between Antwerp and Ghent. -The facts are briefy these .-The last train on Sunday night, conveying about 800 paSsengerS from Antwerp, wvho were returning from the fites, had started at 8 'clock. It; had not proceeded more than a few miles when it encountered a fearful shock. There -were two locomotivea drawing it, one of which was thrown violently upon the right and the other on the left of the line. There were 20 carriages in all, the foremost of which were smashed to atoms, and the others more or less damaged. It appears that a cow had strayed from an adjoining field, and had lain down on the rails unperceived by the engineers or stokers, who by the shock.were thrown to a considerable distaiuce froom the plaee. One of these officer died soon afterthe accident. Two only of the passengers were Idlled upon the spot, but about 20 of them are seriously bruised and mutilated. A great many were more or less injurad. M. le Baron Goethals de Pott'er, a gentleman aged 35 years, died immediatelyafter hehad suferedthe amputation of one of his legs. The wounded were immediately conveyed to the nearest hospital, where -every attentionwas rendered to them. One gentleman who was kiled was evidently a stranger ; he has not as yet been identified. It is most providential that there were not many more victims of this sad catastrophe, as one of the carriages was burnt, and two or three ofthem were reduced to mere splinters. The carrages nearest the engines were, however, laden with merchandise and luggage, and this circtumstance,no doubt, accounta for the fact of so few, comparatively speal;ing, having suffered.
THE GALE IN THE CHANYEL. Dover was visited on Wednesday ni3gght by a fearfully heavy -ale of wind from the south-west, which caused considerable damage to the railway station, and some slight njuyto the new works of the harbonref refuge* some por fishermen have also suffered loss by the destruction of their boats on thebeach. At about 10 p.m. on Tuesday night it was blowing hard from the south-west withb a heavy sea ranning, and from that hour until 2 a.m. the wind gradually inreased in power until it blew with such fry that it was almost impossible to stand up against it. The lord Warden Hotel, on the seaside, was at times almost invisible from the sheets of spray and foam in which it was enveloped; the pavement near the Pilot Tower was torn up, and huge blocks of granite on the unfinishedportionof the Admiraltypier, many of them weighing upwards of a ton, were wrenched from their _ple -with tre3mendous violence. he pier works, fortunately, protected the harbour from injury, and the other darage was almost entirely confined to the railway station. The part of the line, close to the commencement of the viaduct has been for years in an insecure state, and every successive storm has invariably destroyed the " patchings" intended to restore the ravages of its predecessor. The fault of the company has been that they have never got beyond "patebing," and have thus literally thrown their money into the sea. Yesterday the breach was made in the old place-the timber side of the coke-shed was burst in, the shed itself, together with the lne ndenrmined, leaving a yawning chasm of some 30 feet inl sidth over which no train could pass. - The accident was not discovered until 6 a.m., at which hour the 5.20 a.m. nail train had most fortunately not started, or very serious rezalts mniht have occurred, as the cha= in the line was not visibfe from the station. That train with the French mails and the succeeding train were delayed until S.58 a.m., -when the firsttrain left, en'ines and carriages having beez telegrphed for from the locomotive depot at A.Aford. Passengers did not suffer much inconvenience, as they were conveyed by train to the scene of the accident, round which they bad to walk to thetrain on the other side of thi breach. Another tram -was despatched at 10.25 anm., aftar which thayleft with tolerable regularity the down-line of rails having by the e:cerEon of the engineer been rendered sufTiciently safe for carris to ps over. The sea is now subsiding, and both lines of rails will shortly be ready for traffc. BRIGHTOlN, Tmunsinr. A most severe gale visited this part of the Sussex coat, extending eastwad, during the early part of the night of 'edaesday. The storml occasioned a vast amount of damage to emai1 shipping. and, we are sorrr to add, the loss of eight lives. Abou1t 31 o'clock at night thoe wind begn to blew.very briskly from the southward and enNw and,d towards 12 its severity considerably inereasie& A lter that hour and until about 2 its violence ws so great that much anniety was felt for the s3fety of the fishing bosts, about 17 in number, and their espective rerV3, which had put to sea during the previcus afternoon for the purpose of mackerel fishin. At this tinm numbers intexted in the dis inz trade, and having counezion with bats, assembled on tha beach uanfortunately only to witness the sad havoo tha rnginp se3 was saking among tho fishing and pleasure. boats wLnch had been hauled on tho beach for safety. Tho full extent of the daange was not ksnown, however, till this mcrning, wvhn sad reports were brought in of the fearful dL,asters that had occurred during the night, and among the mos' melancholy was thwt tvo boats' crews htd beem lo0t. Thu re,port Was too vwell founded, for, on ioniry, we nc,r,amed that one boat was the Four Sisters, blonging to William AnLdrewg, and the other, the Roberb ad Anary, tho property of Robert Carden. It appears that both wero riLven cehore near the Forobello station, between INewhaven and Brighton. ar d the crews of eac3. boat were aSI lost, includng four persons to ea ch. The names of the unforunate sufferrs aitacied to ths Fcur Sisters are JTohn elic, Richard Aln (a widower), a-nd Samuel and Thnoas Grenyer, lads, aged respectively T anld 14 years. The ames -of the lost srow <f the Robert and M1ary are Samuel Carden, Stephen Marchant, and two lads nema- Mhwa`tes and Marchant, about 16 years of age. At the point where the boats Wo diriven sashoe the Cliff iz very high, ard the tide flows Up' close, so that there was no chance of escape t the fore o the gale, too, was such that, instead of the tide flowig at. 2 o'cock, it continued to flow till 3. In addition to this melancholy catastrophe, - number. of fishing boats were driven ashore along from Rottingdean to Seaford, all more ori less damaged. Tortnately the crews of -all the boats, with the exception of the two albm Aimed, were ma but the Principal p~irb of the nets was lost. Four boats emne safely ashore at Bri toen during the morning, and others We ear,- got safey. into Newhaven Harbour. On the Brighton beach a numaber of small feats were knocked t i n om larger tboats ad fishing smacks muchinjued. Hadit not been for a new, groyne recently ereced, amac toa still larger amount would, in all pro-. ablity,e have 'eenocc:asioned. Owing to the excitement whic previls, washeaumpossige to gather the roelxtent of greoynses done;bucbt we .ae happy to state that allthe at whihoor left have been accounted for, so at we. hoe to hear of no furthe lossofie. - aisy thousand tons of- shingle have beeni washed Mravy, end some injury was d,ne to the Chain Pier, the lower fltformh eing washed upi together with portions of the At Newbaven, we believe, tepe.ecpd but the groynes weremuch shaken, At Eastbourne the gait~ was' severely felt, hut we have not heard of any special damage. At Hastings the st-ormi raged very high, and several hoats were washed in .with'their' nets hanginj to them; butt we were unable to ascer tain whether any-lives *1ere lost.
PIPE AT LThBBPOOZ.- A block of buildingsin Shaw -alley, Mey-street, Liverpool, Vwas on Wednesday morning burnt to the ground, and ELxpersons burnt to de.thin their beds. The UverpooIDaif.y -Post of yesterday thus describes the terrible disaster:- -- "The lower portioniof the preilises which wero tho scene of this morning's conflagration; was occupied by Robert Dodds as a bakehoiise, and has been so for more than three years. It was in this part of the edifice that the fire orginated, End it was discovered by an old man named Johnr Gallacher, who worked vith Mr. Dodd9, and who slept in the bakehouse. About 1 o'clock Gallacher was awoke by a strong heat, *,d on spxi,ging up o e Aiscovered that the tables and the stairs, as well as the door of the bakehouse,. were in a blaze. He immediately rushed out, shouting 'Fire!' as loud as he was abLA, the flames following him in a dense volume. On the landing of the stair above the bakehouse a poor lad, about 12 years old, named Patrick Roach, one of the street shoeblacks, had been for some time past a tolerated lodger, and was also awoke by the heat and craclding of the flames- he, as fast as possible, huddled onhis clothes, and shouted up st'irs to alarm the sleeping inrantes of the npper floor. In doing this the fire gained so rapidly upon hin as to envelope the stairs and cut off the possibility of his retreat. In this perilous predicament the only alternazive 'which presented itself to the poor little fellow was to lesp from the window, a height of about 14 fetck rhich he luckily accomplished without sustaining any injury. " A soon asit was possible to gain access to the premises the firemen rushed in to rescue the inmates, who it was Imown had not come. out, and whom it ras hoped t.hey mi,3ht be able to save. On gaining entrance, however, the o appalling fact was revealed that the unhappy sufferers were beyond the reach of aid. The principal portion of the upper premises, to the back, was ia the occupation of r. Pagan, who keot a sma bool and chart shop in the neighbourhood of the Custom-house. On entering the apartmentsoccupiec by him, be and his wife and three children were all found dead, several of them being very svevely scorched. lyr. Fagan was about -45 years of age, and the children were aged respectively about eight, five, and tvwo years. "The uppermost floor, or attic, was occupiod as the sleeping-room of a man named 'fade, about 74 years of age, w¢ho kept a children's school in the floor belowr. He s.so w as found lying dead, and much scorched. The bodies were removsed to the deadhouse." An inquest was held upon thebodies of the deceasedbefore 31r.Etathafm, the deputy coroner,yesterdayafternoon, when the following evidence was adduced *- Timothy Moran, joiner, Sharland-street, said, the de. ceased, Daniel Wade, was his father-ia-law. He was 71 years of age. Hiad seen him lying dead in the deadshcuse that morning, Ee lived in the house which was burnt down. Witness had seen the house in rains that morning. Thomas Carpenter, boarding-house-keeper, Lving inChar. lotte-plare, knew the deceased John Pagan and his wife very wel, and the house where they lived in Shaw's-a31e, where they had lived about two years. They lived in the top floor. Deceased bad a glass of punch with witness at his house at a quarter past h1 'clock on Wednesday nihght. *e wias perfectly sober vwhen he left witness's house. Eis ife w as a very sober woman. Fagan was a chart and book seller, and had a small shop and stall opposite the Customhouse. Patrick Roach, aged about 11 years, stated that on. Wednesday night he was sleeping oa the landing of the stairs when the fire tool- pace. About half.past 1 o'clock in the morning heard an old man who slept in the cellar shout "Fire,", and witness then shouted "Fire" upstairs, but could get no answer. Witness saw the fire coming underthe door of the oilskin place, and was obliged to make his escape out of the vwmdow. He then went for a polceman to Parklane. Brought an officer, who went off for additional assistance. While on the stairs witness heard Mrs. Pagan scream out, hut did not see her. When witness got into the street he saw the old man Wade,. who slept in the top roomu, come to the window, and heard him call out, "Is thera no help " He said nothing more, but appeared to fall back from the window. John Gallacher, ai old man, formerly a seaman, stated that he had recently worlked in Robert Dodd's bakehouse, 14, Shaw's-a}ley. Slept in tlhe bakehouse on Wednesday night. Neitber of the ovens was heated after 6 o'clock that night. They had bcen heated in the morning to bake dinners. The ovens were heated with sawdust. There wan not mach sawdust on the premises on Wednesday night. Went to bed aboit 11 o'clocl;, having first turned the gas off at the meter. Witness was awakened this mnornin- by the crackling of the fire on the stairs. He immediate1y got up and ran into the street in his shirt. He afterwards tried to get his clothes but could not, and went into a neighbour's house, where he remained until daylight. A man named M'Carthy occupied the first floor. Be made oilsincoats for sailors. Did not think any one was in that room on Wednesday night. The top floor was occapied by Mr. Fagan and his famiiy, who oeeupied the frontroom, and 'the choolmaster (Wade) the back room. Witness did not know how.the fire commenced. When h first saw the fire on the stairs it had not communicated with the oilskin room. Robert Dodds, who occupied ihe bakehouse, said ho baked three times, the las' time being about 5 in the evening. The oven was heated with sawdust, which was put in the bottom, lighted, and stirred up wmth a poker. Witness rented he entire premises, and sub-let to the poor people who were burned. The stock-in-trade was insured for 100. in the Liverpool and London offire. Bartholomew MfCarthy, who occupied the middle room asan oilsidn manufacturer, was also examined. Restated that he was not on the premises last night. There was no oil in the place, and he had had no fire there for some time. William Ryan, sailor-boy, belonging to the ship Isaac Webb, deposed that he saw the old man Gsllacher standing at the bakebouse door, calling " Fire." Witness ran for a policeman. The fire-brigade aftervards dame, and after the fire had been subdued witness mounted a ladder and wentin.to the top room, whore he sawrthe bodies of Fagan, his wife, and three children. The body of the woman wvas under the windowv, resting on the shoulders, with her feet towards the-windowr. Johin Pagan, the father, had his lope burnt off. He and the children were huddled together in a corner. The following verdictwas returned :-" That the deceased persons met their deaths by being burnt, but hoew the fire originated there is no evidence to show."
THE Coi=ayEY ExpLosloN 18B DsDE.-Some farther proceedings took place on Wednesday evening in relation to the inquiry into the circumstances attending the fearful explosion at the Ramrod-hall colliery, belonging to Lord Ward, on the 13th inst., by which ten men were killed, and seveTal others grievously wvounded. The in. qeests on the victims of this dreadful calamity have eena adajorned. The bodies of the deceased were a buried last week, soon after their legal "view" by the CoroneiS juries. They presented a most apgmllng spectacle. It seems that when the explosion took place a huge flme issued from the up. cast shaft, and portions of the colliers' clothes torn from their bodies were seen flying in all directions. This was followed by a volume of thick smoke, which h=avim' passed away, some coliers from adjoining pits voluntccre to degeendinto tne coDiery to rescue, it pbosible, any of the survivors. At first an attempt, was made to go down the blowing or water shaft, but the water was found to be so high that it was impratible to get at the bodies that way, and the men then, taking with thera the safety-lamp -which the butty collier, Thomas Baker, ought to have taken in his descent with the second lot of men, instead of the, bu-ning coals, descended the up-cast shaeL At the bottom t.hey found eight or ten of the bodies lying in a heap, an indis. criminate mass of mutilated flesh and blood. The living were with some difficulty separted from the dead aid conveyed to. the surface. The Government inspector, Mr. Brough, visited the spot shortly after the accident-, and hsz since descended into the colliery and made an official exati. nation, The resut of which wuil be hvena at ea adjourned inquest. It is generaUzy betheved tco t the explosion war caused by the gross n avigence and rahness o! the aatty pcllier, Thomas Baker,twho is amonr thesviscims of the calamnity. Besides the ten men killed, six wfere injured, but these are all ino fair wvay of recovery. - ' TF:i Qtrgs'S COrLnEGn, Brwllxoa0 3l-.Te Coancil of this institution, having already expended 12,0007. in the erection of the college, aid havnt entirel exhiaustedtheir funds, have appealed to the frtends audi promotr of education generlily for assistance to' eiableIe them tG complete their buildings, especially their museums. At a meeting of the Council held on Tuesday last, at which the Treasurer, Mr. Charles lRatchiZ, uresided, the Dean of| the Pacolty, Professor Sands Cor, had the h onour to submit to the board the following extract from a communication I from Miss Burdett Coutts *.-"Ishallbave much and sincere I pleasure in forwarding the objects of the museum, and I vvill send an order to tessrs. Coutts and Co. for 6001."- On the motion of the Senior ?hysiciaxof the Qu UBos,ital, I Irofesior Dr. Birt Davies seconded bythe Senior PhysaI of-the General Hospital Wrofessor Dr. Johnstone, the following minute was entered on the records of tne College:" That the gratefrl thanks of the Council are inoa's respect. fully tendered to Illss Bvrdet,' Coutts for her munificent donation of 600O, whichwiu in a great, measure relieve the college, of its finnc;l difficulties; and scarcely less deeply woulda the Council recognize the value of Miss Burdett CouttA's conatenance aid support given to the Queen' Collicg andl the Queen's Hosptal previousy to the'sat of Uibera*ty bWhihnow demnsadstheir WM0s44XMresio Of
HNATIONAL REFO f ATORY U2VTOzY. The buiness of the sections om-menced at il o'jlo k yesterday Taoraing. Section Amt in -the billiara-room 6f the Queen's Hotl, Mx.Commi9doner Hill prcsidi, and Mr. Bengough offieiaing as meretary. 31M. W L&vxy, chairman .of the.lest Riding nz,. read a paper on punishments in riormatorysecsool& T herp were, perliae, be saidd, diferece of opiion. samong -them as to thoeright principles of penal legislation, and still moro as to the admaisttion of pmishment for crme. Some 3might view it merely as a deterreat, others might regard the reformation of the individual as the sole end to be sought in the administration of -ishment. Ohers again, thogh. regarding such reformation as a chief end, might still. believe that the satisfaction due to the pube sense of justice is an element not to bo ignored or forgotten. -:here might be differences of opinion, more especially with regard to the ypung criminal, as to whether he should be made the subject of penal treatment in aprison prev:ously to his admission to areformatory school -or not; buti,whatever differences there.- might be on these.- points, ho trusted they- woald' all agrea in this, that the treatment of the Reformatory School itself should not, bo penal, by which he rmeant that the school was not to- be a place for tho ad. 'ministratio'n of the puiishment assigned by law to criime. This principle was most distinctly, embodied in the first. IWeformatory, School Act, the 17th'.andl8th of'Victoria, chap. 86, by which the magistrates wereempowered to direct' the detention of the young offender in the school, 'to eommence at the expiration of the sentence passed upon him as a; unniebment for his offence. Bt punshents,. 6en t severity, wouald be needed in a reformatory, because, theyhad to do with children whom4 negcected or vicious education had more o'r less made deaf to the voice of conscience. He was of opinion that if the yOnrg criminal were to undergo penal treatment it should be in, a. cellular prison, away frona the reformatory, rather than, as had been proposed, in a penal vward within its precincts. The prison was the fitting termination of the conrse of crime-the reformatory the commencetment of a new life. Let them not be brought together; let them nnot bridgo over, but rather widen, the gulf between them. The punishment of the refornaatory differed fromthepunish. ment of the prison in thata, while the latter had reference to past climes, the former had reference only to. moral faults committed there, and for 'these faults it would be often needed. It was with- tho profoundest deference that he vantured to express the opinion that the discipline of Mettray was too severe. In an establishn ent so large he fully beleved that such severity was necessary, hut, for that very reason, among others, it did seem to hims that it was not' desirable to form these establishments upon so large a scale,' especially in this country, where, from the- difi'erencw' of bationsl character, such severity would probably opebrate maore prej icially than inorance. Ho was bonld to say that, so far as his experience went, it entirelyconfirmned the opinio0n of the condactors of Mettray as to the beneficial effects of the cell as a means of reformatory discipline. Our prison reeords showed that i them, thorgh construted lwith aJl ths best agpphances for separate confinement, the same hene. ficial resalts hadnot been obtained. Having briely explained what he con'ceived to be the cause of this difference, Mr. Wheately offered afew remarkrs upon corporal punishiment. He was one of those inclined to the old-fashionedidea ht in cases ,af acute moral disease, the outbreaks of uncontrolled nassien and *wilful disobedience, to which ordinaychildren werei so 'iiable, a counter-Irritation, judiciouI 'applied, mightoftenbe usefulto'drawdown, astheoldherbi;list vould say, the boad humours fro2the noblerarts. nBut hebelieved its usefulness was limited to cases mn which the goeneral tone of the moral constitution vas healhiy. he had little faith in its efficacy in the chronic diseases with which' they had for the most part to deal in their reformatories. From being rather an advocate of corporalpunishment for young crimiaals, he wss firstledtothe opptte'viewy observations derived from their-vast prisonin the West Riding oi Yorkshire and from the black books at quartersessions, in which it was remarkable how often inthose longlists of previous convictions which appeared against young cri whinalsa wipping had been one of the earlyypnishoments, andaf as rhs inguiries into the primary cause of youthful crime had gone, he o und none more comuionthan over severity of parents, stepparents, or others. Considered merely ass a deterrent, We believed corporal punishment to be less effective than the cell, which was more really formidable, because, thou less severe, its mild discipline could be continued almost ndefinitely. Considered as a correction, the cell could be adjusted witi a nicety, which corporal punishment did not admit of, to the requarements of the case, and under proper arrangements prolonged from simple temporarypreventive detention to long-continued isolation, as the moral symptoms of the patients developeclfrom time to time might seem to reqire.I both points of view, both as a corrective and as a deterrent, the plan adopted at Mettray was most meportant-viz, 'that tho period of detention in the calt should never be fixed beforehand, but should be regulated according to the effect apparent during its continuance. He would not bave corporal punishments absolutely excluded from the reformatory, because in the infinite variety of cases andcharacters it mi'ht occasionally be useful and even necessary, yet he stronglyWelieved thatitshouldbo nsedrarely and with the utmost caution. In the school let no fault he unpunished, but never let them uso one morsel more of punishment than was absolutely necessaryfor its correction. To do so was, ierdapendently of any consideration of justice or benevolence, bad economy-a waste of motive power. Considering punishment as a deterrent, it was rather certainty.than severity that was wanted. Considerin it as a reformatory agent, they needed not that which would. produce a sudden and violent impression, but that which should operate sudy,continuously, and sopermanently-not the rash of the torrent, but the drop that were the stone.: At the conclusion of the papers a lengthened discussion arose upon' the ouestion of punishments and rewards, in which part was taken by Lord Stanley, Lord Robert Cecil H.P,, the Rev. Sydney Turner, Dr. Wallis, Mr. Baker, Mr. Adderley, H.P., and the Chairman, who proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Wheateliyfor his valual:le paper. Mr. G. W. H[ASiTllGS nest read a pacer by Hr. F. Hl, late Inspector of Prisons in Scotland, "On a visit to Mettray," which has already appearedin hc Timer. The section then adjourned. SEvoes B.-i This section met at the Victoria-rooms, Sir John Paking. ton, l.P., in the chair. Papers were communicated by Captain Crofton, Chairman of the Directors of Convict Pnisons in Ireland, "On the advantage of giving encourage. ment to,prisoners and of allowingL them some freedom of action 2 by hMr. Alfred Hill, on"';)unlop's A ct, and on the working of industrial schools in Scotland; - and by MIr. H. Clossham, "On the connexion between drunkenness and juvenile crime." m'COUnAGEMxNT TO PRISONMRS. Captain CnoFroN, in his paper, remarked the success which bad attended the application of the reformatory system in Ireand previous to the discharge of Government prisoners. The plan hd been, some months before the release of a well-conducted prisoner on licence or otherwise, to train and prepare him for tho world in which he was about to mix, by removing him from the prison to a Government establishment. Hero leetures on useful subjects were delivered, moral, industrial, and social training imparted, and the prisoner was placed in a situation of trust. By these means self-respect was engendered. Every proper safeguard was, of course, taken. There was abundant evidence of the wedl-doing of prisoners who haa been released after this Probation, and the demand for their labour was quite equal to the supply. A loan fund had been instituted, and afforaed a good test of the permanency of resolutions formed in the insttution. A record was kept at the Smithfield depdt, and facts proved that the majority of prisoners might be returned as useful members bo society. s to the econom2ica quest'ion, amuch greater quantity of work comparativly was done in the instltutions than in prison, and wish far less supervision and cost. HEo was convinced that ablebodiedb prisoners so dtuated could be made self-rsnporbin. Lord Carlisle had taken an interest in the subject, and had avertedrmanydifficultiesthatmightotherwisehavearisen,an had acted as a favourable stimulus both to officers and to prisoners. They were trainiag officers at Smithfield. so that when they commenced public works,- the first:of which would v juvenile penal reformatory, a wel qu eaifid staff would be ready. Captain Crofton then proceeded to consider the reformatory principle in eonnernon -with Western Australia, and he difficultieswhich surrounded the quegtion of secondary pu-is ents. Iwia representedat Western Australiawasonlyable to absorb 800 convicts annually;. butif a reformed class of prisoners alone was sent this num?ber might be so increased as to miake the deportation of great value to the united kingdom. A public meeting recently held in this colony had forwarded to our Govern. mentresolutions highly approving the reformatory system. DtXLOPVS ACT. Mr. Irbn said the management and diminution of the crimin and vagrant class inthis country was one of the most pressing difficulties of the age- and the class might be divided into thbse wlho were at i-ge, those who were in prison, those who were in reformatories, and those who were in industrial schools. There could be no doubt that those who iwere at laIge wero- by far the mose costly to the public. Some 30 years ago witnesses exaramined upon the qiestionof the establishment of thea mzeropolitan police estimated the amount of property annually stolen in London at1.500,0001. Crnimnas in prison, too, were. very costly, and the expenses of punihing and PrOsecuting pnsoners v nu?and and Sota.ud wasesimated at 3d,00l Matters were much better in reformatories and industrial schools; he especially urged an extensive establishment of the latter. More industial schools had been 'etiblished in Scotland than elsewhere, and 'with better effects. It was at first hoped that the schoolsmight be made seif-supPorting, but this was not the case either at Aberdeen or7elsewhere. Of the children who wvere induced to enter the school, somne were removed by parents who preo feed tohavoenat they could obtain bybeg some d- serted because they could not endure the dfiscipline of the school, hut the majority remained and attended regularly. I all the' schools the number of children who had lost one or' botlh parents was very large, and of'the others in mnost case the parents ha forsaken the chidre, rwee aanoned characters, frequentlyinprison, it asp rve byexerinc inevrytown where 'an indus tria scoolbadbeenestblihedtha'he number of chil-' dren in the school and the number in the gaol -were likethe two ends of a,beam, and as the odie rose the other fell. InT Edinburgh, Glasgow, Paise, Greenock-, Plerth, and Abroathi tiese achools bad been established, and had PrOduced moet important results. 'They differed from each other only in the mode of imamraWu instruotion. IProm the commencemenitoff teEdiziburgna-~ chools in 187 the number of bfdrnunderi4 years of sw commnitted to the YdAUburgn gaol had dimin;ished from 260 to SL . At Perthi an Interesting experiment was I-vie by employ-ng the boys to cultivate four acre of Iand This succeeded so well that It was -detarmined to take a mxucrh luae ieeo ground, but, neighboumn anonr pbj own tofti Plan, it was not 'carred inito effect; An important fetatue was the habit'which had sprung ts for parishes,on. whom children had a. claim, to send them to induateW schools, .p,aying astipenafortheirboara;nandit wa difficlt toconceive of a more OA4 UMntSg M%14t r( msppoxtig Pt'aper childr_n Another circ. ta.ew, th at when cbild_re_ lef tb whO! h07~Tee'pkout io&employnsent w*here they weran5otboarde buttbat was irequently found foi them. atthe O m theo tVhd I db6. 'I at the hool,Etheir wage being dYain and? plaoe tagainst' thO cosLt There. wpape difference of opintin inr Sarthad -on -the policy of - eDulops )Ac, A bt,L az far As Ie Iould,lren, th weight t fatestimony -was greatly in. it favour, and an indirect benefLtwaar promablo drived, frmoi the act, in that then ea. ofi fi beineganforped' in luced aParents and parlihes to board. ehildenn at thei shools by vzrandament,e OoVEytbherwWeproide for-tbhem,.so that they did.not coranthto.bey 'ta Mr KHmCssm, in - his paper,--Wbichwas not m6g,7 tadcep j.vemie ecrane, ;in S. t degree, to theo drinkng hlabits' of a, great maass of' th fpeople, and said that twro. thirdb of tohe cd h o ain t m iresometies haul been scrapi p th u are nak ow inod , - : brought. to their presentstate by the druken habits of tcheir parents, a e - o t SECTIOIN C This section meut xn the Octagon. of the m Victoia-rooms ndertho desiien y of rf rm W. Wres,t the secretary being Thefirst o hapereadt was that byld r. Pcodout, onp -"Shi e.reformatories.y author ofere suggestions by which juvenile offenders right reclaimed and-a regularsupply f- samen obtained for her Mjestys seie o e stated that' upwards of 10,000 young men under tS. vear of aget ower annually committed for theft in Great B~ltain; and -he stug. est-ed that, as there were many'ships lying up in ordiiary 'an thevarios ports, tse eaperiment might e atried of fitting up a number of them at Portsmouth, Plyhouth, Sheeanes and Pembroke, for the oeception of t 1,00v boys,each, nthi vessels to-he caled instrunlction ship. In hss opinion; ths logislature should. be "applie to to pass, aun w r v authoriing, the magistrates in peItty'- sessions to examin-ie, nall youths under IS charged with felony or serious fede-' cneaonr, and if guilty, instead of committing them to gaol, to apprentice them to hoer Majesty until they wereyeakrsof age. In those vessels, the boys should be - taughit eve'ry-, thing necessary to m ae nece m soodsailors., The."cs :t of this experiment would he much less than the costdf prose.. cuting andohm gb c onvict- u ng e delinquent eand supporting them in- gfol. They woull he said,- be freo froma irl countamiftion, their characters would be preservede, and ien they left thel instruction-Bhe either to sbrvenEer aivesty or-togo nto -the mn6erhant servacethey wouldhnave theiad-vantage of neverhaving beess convicted of crime. - Anotheripser was also read from 3Mie. J. R. Broinghal,- OntoLiver pool Alihar Hulk Reformnatory."~ - It w.S,a: highly iuterestin~ paper, desriptivelof that Reformatory. At theconclusion of these papers, - - The CAssiAnrA.said. he was ofopinion that many objgections maight he urged to the plan pro osed the dth p a, -however, of which-was, that it would interfere wishcfe labour. -eH thou ht that the utmost that could be done would be to give t ehyoung peisonsod m raoral training and O them thne ffiscipline of the Reformatory, and theno: vlech them followingir osn liveliact. lsLrsitosre Sir S. oth rucTon agreea with the - chairman,'that it would he very unwise to interfere with free flbour, and caued attention to, the facb that in th reign oftGeorgeIV. it owas lawful to send persons who had transgressed'the Customf' laws to the navy, but the practice -was found so objectiona'ble that it had beeni discontmnued in t-he following reign. He thoug-ht, however,thatshipxeformatoriesmightt he rendered very valuable as a receptacle for those bo who, having 'rbeen convicted, pounished, and placed in reformatories, had no trade or ociupationwhatever. In such a case they could be taught the occupation and duties - of a sailor, wnd then dischairged tof seek theirliVinlg. iAfter so-me further remarik from other gentlemen, snMr. F. e i. WAi d Z 'suggeSted that very much benefit would bo effected by the, esablishment of ship schools i Bristol, for which he contended the locality wapt well adapted. Ho draw an affeting pictur of the pooi destitute boys of Bristol whom, he said, were sometimes seencvtually sfmequ tent f garie sof rfood. ! ouGr,nad r objeted ettirmr tovthe -orinciples of the paper. - The Governments intb'1 could reform -the criminal population, and every -attempt on their part to do so- would infallibly pu~t anendt~otho.xovemient. A paper was then read by Miss Cthe rimprom.en Of the present position of reformatories to the State and the principles on which they should be conducted, especially as regards girls' refromatoriesY 'After a few introductory' remnar, AUss Carpenter observed,' that the one great principle which had been lost sight of in tahe treatment of juvenie criminals - wz as the treatment of a child as a child, and all the machiery ofcra jurn and officters wma bron ght- to hear against ever whose tender yeawr and ignorancts ohadly emoalea them to distinguish -right from wrong. She then gave a lengthened descriptioh of the various improvements in criminal jurisprudc-~:ce, strongly advocating a system which sihould give to tLe Government plenary powers over the inmates of reformatories, without interferng with the freedam, of action oni the cart of the >mnagers. Hitiherto the gss of legislation; however slew, had been- in t'he right iection, but, instead of magistratesd having merely a peroissive power to send the- chidren convicted to reformatores, further legislation w- as necsar. man it coha - pcrsono anthe to sraend all chiden twic convideted, hoand refrmtoresbeng ooful a yt,for many were not halffilld wale thes wee buldig. Aterdetailing Ma-ny strking instances of the bits ddrived in this neighbouhood from reformatorie%, she concldaed by expresosinh opinion that whloe she thought long imprisonments l in the higbhe de ged , a short peinod of selusion with the advantage of those moral agencis they now ha ypily possessed, milght be attendedvwith the greatest benel?t. At the same time sie thought that previous punishment Ioul ght not to be anta31 epurdefore admittance into teform ato?r y s.es The reading of this paper elicited the warm applause of the mectihg w The Very the. the Dean of Bf sTori, ahfter a sIort interval devoted to re frhm ent, rea da pa erby ord Brougham Onthe Iiefficiency of our simpy fo nald tht Iaton," of which the following is an abstract. His Lordship observed that the eaduation a nd ioral tyaining of the people, an the akig pnismen suseritn tothe're!ormation of offene ofnered thee means o ingsociety fromsth coures thetren ould be no dloubwht that whiee the vnerys existence of sociywa heaKteonedbh frightu offenemigof crime, the inefficiency of thelasforaitstrestraintbeca every day more deplorably. anifest. The opnion of every person of experience was, that punismient;by itself had no steady effect in deterring. crirminls. The dres.d of puasisment always depended upon the certainty of its -following the commisson of crime, and nothing like certa.inty was attainedbh_-the coune.ion.which the aat resent established betweenguLilt and punishmenit. MutchUhd been done of late years to diminishi the chance of escape, but gratuitous prosecutors -were still requiredl to put the law - inmoton,and nglnd lone ofallthenationsi of Europe, was ithot a~uble prsector.Theconsequxence was, freqentfaiuresof ustce, t bingoften possible, for a trilm" umt uyof aproectin.Many things how- greater frequtency. of trials, theomrvmeto h police in great towns, the better eeto fmgs trates--all had a share in- producigti eie e sult, and noubie prosecutors and stiedarjutcswe alone waaited to make OUrTrmnlcd -a fiain .as human law could be expected to be. (Hear, hear.) But we had committed one seriouas error. We had aaways considered crimes insulated-that they originated in occasionalgusts of passion. -Notbing, however, could be more certain thanL that the great majority of offenlees committed in every civilized community were the results of immoralcharacter or gross ignorane, the offenme themselves being only a question ofidegree. The deterring effect of punishmRent wasvery much lessened to a perverted mind, and the object should be to indnLeesoraice.l acliangein the cours tf thinkinmg ofthe -criminal that he would not only he deterred from one bnti 'from all wrong actions. The frequency of espa from penal visitation engendered bad habits, with which the moral perceptionoefthe'criminal maintainedavaiaiand fruitlessconflict, alkd,however wisely penal codes might be framea,theybecame feeble and inefficacious in action. The criminmals who infested society muist be-regardedI as a class who had turned crime into a, trAde ; and whenA it was consideredahow many, offences a thief must commit to earn his daily bread, it was evident tha impunity was the rule, and detectionl the oeception. BuLt even certainty of itself wouald not be enough, Celerity- must be- added to certainty' in the pnsmenit of crime, and the accomplishmnent of b'oth those objects was almost impossible. If-the sight or hearing of' punishment could'~proaluce'effekct actual expierien-a must preduce stil more. But how stood the fast By-the returnsuof convictions for Matncesiter for the 19 years ending ina 1827, 4t was shown that between a third anda fourcth of the Whole nuniber conviceted ware recoinnutted to the same' gaol for other fel onies In the samle period between 12,000 and 13,000 were commnitted to the gaols of Salford and leedN,:ofMwom'4,000 relapsed, and the magistrates of Liverpoha found that out of 14. boys talken at randoma one'lsa been recommitted no less tha&n 19 times~, and another (a cihild of 7 years old) in two, Tears hbad been condemned, three times to imprisonment, and a -fourth to transportation. -Now, what Ihad bieen the ineaus ado pted f-or theo prevention of this recurrence to crime?l .Nothinlg wa more certan than that the first offence might by popertreamentbe maide the last, but abluact all miagis- mmanas, and, more, - should enable him to resume his place in society -without either the disgAace of exposure or the desperation of leaving a prison for a state of destitution. The Cods YaPOpObe2 enabled the judge to give up the young convict to hisrelative, master, or guardian, on the undertildng of careful super. intendence, with the power of police wtchfulneas; and Mr1 Hill, the learned, able, and humane Recorder of Birmnigham,;had adopted a siscilsi coursewitha succesewhich was extemely encourang. (Hear, hear. It 'was, however, the duty of the Gover ..ent to provide nore ample means for reformingecriminas. The gaol munt be considered as a moral hospitel, and itsinmatestreatedratheras patiants than as criminals. After referring to what had been done with this object at Stretton-on-Dunsmore, Horn, near Hamburg, Lyons, Bordeaux, Bouen, Orleans. andatsettty, and glvabLhmtistaren Ats ofthe sucoess which hadattendedthe resUbAishments at those places, the noble lord proceeded to remakthat,incontrast yththesepleungdetsis, they could ouly reflect with pain and shame apn the rude and bar-" barons method hitherto pursued with our convicits. He need hardly ask, was this wicked system to be continued; or were the to amnend it only with respect to the young? I Nothingeoldbe more unresona'blethiadrawing aliUne of demrctionbetween youthful andother offenders; for they' had no more right to iamprison a man aad then turA hina loose on society, as bad or worse as before, thani they' lad to perpetrate tho-same offeno with a boy or a. chilL (Hear, hear.) In truth, we were guilty of a less offence by liberating a boy than discharging an aoamplished malefactoAr. -Ater auoting the opinions of Benthain,- -Maconochie, and other rritera upon -the gubject of punishmDeat, the noble lordi observed ULat howr gcievoalg lawerJ moagistrates, and speicnlative reasoner3 bad erred Aan bestowimaiso littte aS$te5ntigonX aspen reomatoyrc a t be ;0lin to eeymmi ahC iwi ,l n biee gaolure- laimed becAme the- teacher by et ea aragu of olth 'the n atorentovedischarged om the -maoral qAptal en~thiexiteneofsociety, sod from whi. Unhappily, could noteepacfas.; how stould Qi imprelalf be'pre. :o ?-ytaking care, tat. -thepatiset should not be sent forthi uncured. But what was the fact?,.Wotons, beLt thou.- 1sand of unure pa*lauts *ere every yeari vb ited fromu the ora restiue of th e contry,ed thevery ruleg of them ejl3amo'tclcl; ted thveat e shctoulsh eeastle on th 'in refrmatory system aSorthe genof a I training. nd how ln, ntu of oblelrd are t to wait before theot thendatos o e ref timatoh sou tharacter - s4,geL TPho e shl pbe rem e t-eaou og before- the: biti&ernes- arian 'contrersy wihau - far be Allayed,' bythey Chistia u of nuitha forbearance,i_ and g e etst o poreve ca-teicr be so tare tempered, the lir e, as t-to feel that "the greatest of all; thi sechry w and that the triumphs of sect over setobe ad alatel notf iui ofpaendersforanin the td holy conf ssof sound _pkarlyednwi-he nighte ,`and thenwhnteaddud tnowlepage overignortnce s a How long.musts ib berwe seethe adversaries in such riserable cohtests prefeg that voctory which isfargieater than hig -who conquers a great ity-t he vietory over their. u teJnper-keadiny to the sappingorthe l dstoringtof,he stronag-butemot by Oable lfortressesofaigorance, innimorality; and eligo Har, ber.-It is our ghentdisty'to rece thne e fom ignornceand viWc bygiving them theinest eb ehing of a Xound moral andr lioiis education, to prevent the th 'courses those -who hae-I n'e-E -effected by mieling-thetiunishmentof eiml-jsrt ment Of theirreformation. rhat datwehalvenotdischarged. but if we have planted no schools where habits of virtue mscy be induxce, stretihed forh ng o hand to eatirupate the germs of vice w de have eptopaspe ofther sctool where ied iu upouhem as f pulinishmeist and bi ibothh andtds incessantly to sdffe thb seedsn f virtue 'ereyet they: wad time tolbprut, andloddown manty abotbed where the growthof crimein all its rank sluxuriontess is mesid.ousl tfofced. The infantshoalangu tat tishe ishichonrn shGovernment would havei cherished; but Newgathe coloiShes,hnewgate ith hieu thousand ~cells to corruipt -their youthful' inmates, seducing the gultless, olfirming the' depraved.' (Cheers.) - aThe infant school is closed which'Alpatcernal Government would have openedwiaeto w ll itscildrenr; but the peniaaitiary, wlhere repentance and penaucn should rather be peiformed by the bre oal- e athors of their faI,- yawn's -day and night to,engulf - the victims of our stepmother system..- The infant-school- receiVes nt innocents whom it might trwin or oild fast - to 'iitural -virtue, but the utterly seheble, the altogether bominable hulk lies nooredl in the face of the day which it darlens, -within sight of the land which itisults, riding 'on- te wraters 'which it stains with everyundaturalescesMsofinfernalpollution, triumahrnt overall morals Shall civilizsd, shalf free, shall Christiar) rulers any longer pause in tie, discharge of-thefirst of their dutioes or shal it be said that between the claims of contending factions in- Church or ir-e State, the Legislature stands paralyzed, and cannot p nt forthits hand, to save, lest offence begven h to sone- of the knots of' theologians who bewNlder its ears with theirnoiseo, as they have bewil.derddthe!r6wnhbrains'witshtheircontroversies? ('"Har,nan& laughter.) pos wells a.y redtchat if you sufferthe parentof all evil, all falsehood, all hypocrisy, all unchaitaiWoeness, all- self-eeling-himo whocovers t over with pretexts of conscience the pitfal that he digs for the sooul on which 'epreys-to Htelk aboutthe fold and laywaste its inmatesif 'weostand stl and make no heid agrinst him, upon the vainopretext that our actionis obstructed by religions cabals, odr tho far Moe guiltyoOre,that 1oY playig a pamtyfgaMe, We can turn the hatred of conflicting profeors to oe selfish purpotes, we shal he greeted Sta ith-a shout of universal scorn, wbich o mankina insaUet eswo sendup.agains' (Loud Cheers.) The r-eadfing of.this p aper concluded the business of thle raeeting. cr,n n sss's At 3 o'cloc'k the several sections re-assmbled in the Victoria-ooms, whe Sir S~ ortcte, -L ?].P rc~ad a pape onpreiousimpisomentof hilrgnsentenced to reforatores, nd te Buy Sydey Trneron t-he best Sir- S. loi'orerCOr condemnedl punsmn which was of a merely retributive character; an attempt should be ma'deat reformation. They should not-beadischarged with-I outb any prvison being miade to prevent their relapsing into cruime. Threwere two great questions whlchlhs wishedl them to consider. The firstwas, whether youthfuloffendersought to be punishaed at all; and the secnd was, whethe,r reforatr schools ought to be made places of punish=ment. twas~ cruel and unjust to' puni-sh youithful offenders for an infraction of the law of which they had clearly been- convicted, and then, when they haa endured the pain which, "for the. sake of society," was inflicted upon them;-to turm them adrift 'upon the 'worladwithout maidng any effort to avert the ruin which was staring thenm in theiface ontheirreturtfo society. Socie-ty,like proprty, hadits dutiesas wellasiterigts. (Hear.) Tie estabi;,,n of reformatories had materi ytrdeapcohiicnes tion, and be thiought that they were nowr liely to see their way clear to the gradual introductioniof asystem by means of 'which peal and rzeformnatory,measures would go handlin hand te gether. 3'"%en this could be done, every youthful offender who was clearly conscious of the act whichl he was committing, and -who was aware of its crimoinality, ought to 'be appropriately punished. He -totadll disappoed the Rrench- system- of acquitting almost Yevery chil I ne the age of 16, because- long before - thakt agel 99 boys out 2 of - ev-ery hundreda were perfectly al to discern between right and wrong, aLnd to caculate the consequenocesof t-heir ownrictVu - o doDubt the mnoral percept-ions-iwere utften blunted by-the want of education 'and by debasing associations. He next came t-o t'he qjuestion as to whether primitive mneasures shouldl be resorted to in reformatories I He thoughbt decidedlynDt, He objectedl fothe confusion of education imadpunlishment, because to thecriminal hiniselfit would havethe aspectof inflictingan educati01n upon him asuapunishiment for his crime,and to the general public it would present the spectacle of guilt rewarded by a, good education. The boys themselves appreciated the difrence between the prison to -which they were sent to be punished for their crimes, andl the reformatory- to which they were sents to be improved. It was of the utmnost importance that this distinction should be cleal kept up if they wished: to aseeure the coloperation of ther bys in the workwhibAl'eyudurtolrfor thelrbenefit~ and whichn cooperation would be a very great -advantage. There need: not be any insuperable dimrculty in inducing a boy to ta'ke part in his own improvement,but it 'was not easy to see htow they -were to bring him to takeo a willing part in his own punisliment. - At Parkhulrst, for instance, where -field labour was made cmpulory as a punishment, the- boys shran'k-from it, and eDvaded it as far as possibles, 'whereas at Readhill, where it corstituted a portion of their training which was to fit them for After life, they tonok to it heartily and -well. 'Everytlhing depended, upon whether t'he boyslookeduponthemrelves as scholars or asprisoners (hear), and whetherthev regardedthe teacher as a gaolerorafriena. (He&r.) A!prelialnaryperioadof penal disciplin eshouldhberesorted to, and followedl by a system of industrial and edu-_ cational traininig; hut mo punishmnent whatever shouldl takeo place in the reformatories, because they -were intended as - establishments to win boys back- from a life of vrac,misery, and crimne, and to give -them a tastefor honest industry and for the comforts of home.- No- one, however, would 'wish to make their positionin any respect such as that it should excite the jealous feelings of the honest poor. Punishment -for pastoffences should he administered before coming into the reformatory school, It shiould not be associated. -with imprisonment. 'He -would, therefore, advise short terms of imprisonment upon the separate system so long as reformator scoos wre onine tochldrn ho ad been guilty undergo some sot of punishment - A enerl metiu'willbe hld tis vening at the 'Vicproceedings of the sae9tuion o. tb-
TO THE EDITO.t OX THE.ZIMES. Sir,-Your correspondent "S. S.," who writes from the Farmers' Club, entirey supports the opinions I have sen. tured to state inyolur journal. BIe says that " the demana and the supplf. regulate the rate ofwagms, and, he might have added, in. this year the nucessity and urgenty of the *ork tob'edone. This is the very principle for which I oontend; and fo bring in the soldiers, as Sir 1.orton Peto recommends, would upet this most salutary law of labour alogether, and tike to bread from. the months of their brothers and sisters, many of whom are probably labourers, and give it to the troops-akeady paid for performing certain public duties.,- As asolder of35 yearsi serviee, Icannnt be suspectedof any feelings averse from the troops; but Ilovejustice to aIll :I amn. Sir. sour most obedient servant. -W p. I ' Aug. 20.
H HhGHWy ROBBEBY. 1The neighbourheod of Bamley has obiMned an unenviable notoriety for the nuiaber of highway robberies and other outrages comlimitted therein. The most recent event of -e hind was investigatedon Tueday lat, before two of the West Riding magisAtrsX (Mr. T. Taylor asdt1e Rev. W. Wordsworth), attthe Courthouse, Brusleyj when two n en, named Ben:Lami ttyand William Brown, both of Dodworth, near J e?, were charged with stopping John BeaumoGnt on Jthe lighiwy, near the Stafford Colliery, aad robbing bim of a 5OLpromiwrynote and l.-IOs. in cmh. The _rosecutor is a cattle dealer at Saddleworth; in the West Riding, and is 83 yea Of age. According to his statement, he s proceeding about helifpt 9 o'clock on thenight of the 12th inst. aong a ro eding.fon Dodaworth to Stainborough, and he W" fflttac ed -by twro men, wrho shed out of the heiodbolom 'at side of the road, threw' him down, fled his mouth and eyes with. dirt, and, after using -hibnin a-very. rough manner, -robbed him of the promissory note and theU money mentioned above,. e was pcsitive as to the identity of the prisoners, the moonLi ht at the timie of the .robbeqhaving enabled himtoet!emn. Some -witnesses gave en.- den"c t show that the prisoners were mear the plioe shortly before the robber and outrige were perpetrated. The mg3istrates committed bota tbe prisonlers for trial at the' next gaol delivery fo.r-fhe county7 of York. :: - Tmp1tOVFMn:rs AirX0Luno0DIPcX.A0-The usual arrangements are being mad6 at Holyro6d for Her 3TaiesWs reon there on- her.northera. journey, and vrious im- troveenes are being made boWi=a ide and outsidethi alace. TeThrone-room baa beun- decorated with anew ceiling of thteatle of the 16th century,. exhibititg various| heraldic evice, and-with the'Imperilaranns emblaioned, -on the centre pail. :In front of the Palace a brood carriagb drive has. benoponed,' xtendiiig from the Abbeyhi te the 4ueen's Pa.ra, forming a great improvement -to the appe,ranoe ofihia aiirent structure, and a great facility for public assemblages in the Park, which was formery only: -arceseilila by. narrow enkimcs 'he In iof'a new line of road, communic~gin a dirit line between m- Palace and P'rinee-stre, ibaala6 been PropDd. Attix. .eat end of. the Queen's drive, Tr the : tcitn, an imp iarnt improvement is in ee hd. inthe cttfing e- aIrabupt$urninthe IQh4; ;,
TH2iir 4D 4V1AATA OcIff OAPZ12XA _ TO TME ED TOR-0yn 1 _ th a made by te Ferds Yes ork to Lirerool, a--diste ofml e Tusg iagnfientma1 thmhi us.cned -by 1he 'ooEi4ition Country mud Amneric; ad ie pas.ges, bakwai& ds d forwardsa between the two countrieo, are 6onw bemFr ada ie one-foarth s-horter tiuiii -tlaki'ty e'bu fw No,w wa I ywei u aL~ ~ iao haslh=ha her nionpolyof carryingthe usails aadpaamqngers forilsaia eceptfrom Sues to Calontiba7a 1 n the StriaItforthe last 15 years; it iaaancirgot-tbe moLnOPoIy of miails sfid passengers -to Be y mlso d -.tle xcsaat is that the anafla-ari .carid lzy~nch 1oem and that the rate of passage-mooc2Y to mid froW the LAst4~ndies: ndsChina ir very much higher than it Would o:fer was any competition on'the aene, b e Tihe distance between Southampton: and Ale_andri, lfi4 :GibraltariknaMalts,- is 2,961 mllei (2.50 mileklithan between of w York b ng Lverpqol), yet o the Pieninsutlar sltd Oriental CoMpany'S steamers seldon perforniViis pae-sage in 1esathan 14 days'1 n It is trUe the leiavenaU at Gibraltar and at Malta, and that. tl Coil at thL eir e two place . - leaving the mails is a onbersa thing s but-when steam'ers go -every week- from Liv-erpool- to XbNw York, takingthir.fallisapply,ofcoals withIliem,-whymhould -not 'the Peninmular and Oxiental Company's steamers-.do the samne to Alexandria ! There is -no ressonf whtever uh thg jxyca hy shoud not do ro; and t lere is no reason why (evng n extraI day for stopping With -the mails at MserAta an Oibtlt~) he Pennsuar mid Oriental Coamp&ny'g -teamuers: sholdnotusaly rac A7exndlafrom-Southaxnaton, or Southmpto fro Aleandra, u 10 days, instead,of-in 14 - day, th tim nowgenerally tknby tbem.zn - Co§ang~fro A xaldrialto Szuez ihould mob take mnore tha- to dys or ails, pa-sengersn, and cargo; and, f the nai, tDIs oud easily be managed; as it is now, it is often thre and four daTs after landin at Alexandria before yon steam off for Suez. Sometimes it is even -long~er, whicb, besides the dela-y and inconveniencea to passengers, is a; serious'addition -t6 the cost of the journe to the Esst. - The distance frdom Sues to Calcuttas is 4,757 miles, and, taldng an average- of 240 miles a-day 'which is byr naoleans a higlx Sverago rate of speed,for really good steamers), and allowing a day at Aden,. a day ait Galle, and's aday at Mfadras9, for coaling, landing, and taking' in mail_s, passengers, and cargo at ecah of those places, the passage should be 3ade in 2.3 days ftrom Suez to Calcutta, and the pas"age frelni Soutlsamptosi to Calcuta anhd from Calcuitta to Sout- amtn, should -not average mnore than- 35 dlays. L b ave =ad this -voyage fouir times, and on the average it has taken 46 daysp which I believe is the 'usual average out and hiome-, btingA good ten days longer than it ne-ed be, o?thanib would ha, if the East hAd the advantage of competition, -Then, as regardts-the cost of a passage to t-he East. bjyone ofthel'enin§ularand Orientalsteamecs,thewxat of competition i's agaimn a pj?areut.. 1, can go to N~ew -York by due of the flnes and -quiickest ste-amnis in the world Ios alk los. ~the distance being 3,200 miles. In a 'common berth',! in a small cAbin -with three or four other Men, I ha'Ve tD p)ay to Cacutta 1201. for 7,700 mileg, be-ides hotel and other expenses at Malta AIexandrig, Cairo, Suez, Aden, Galle, andl Madras, -which may-fairy, be reckoned at 101-msori. If I took y 'wife 'with me [we should have topay the enormuons sum of 3001. to have a cabin. to ourselves, aLnd a stil further sum of 601. if we toolk our chldd of four, Sears old. witatus. These rates require no comment, but til there is: coptton to the East I am afrmai there is not much. chane o their beieng lowered, or of the Penin-sular andl Oriental Company's steamers being madc to do their wotk. quicker than they doat present; TheNlew Australian line, if it runs aT branch- steamer from Galle tco Calcutts, niay c-ause the Peninsular and Oriental Company to look ibouti them, as may also the, new line of auxiliary screw steamers; just sta&rtdbyW. S. Lndsay&uando., which are, to leavemonthly fo&r the Cape, Mauritius, Galle, Madras, -snd Calcutta.- When the -war wvith Rfussia broke out -the Peninsular mid Oriental Compa-nyralsedtherates ofpsssage by their steamers to the East l0 per cent. all round, oni amcount of tbe"high rates -of freig'ht they had to pay for thbeir coal. reights have noiw. failen to -what they -were before the var, but nothing hass yet-been heard of their rates of passage being reduced. Are they going to screw the last farthing they can out of the public? By tightening theo screw too much the Peninsular and Oriental Company hLave, already lost the carrying trade of opium froma Calcutta to China; the day may yet, come when they wil lose their carrying 'trade between this andathe East. , I remain, Sir, Your obedient servant. A V&LAJIYI'TA MY.HAN-1. .lonIdof, Aug. zu.
A BEMBDY FOB A CAB GEA2NCE. TO TFE EDITOR OF TM TES. Sir,-At the Waterloo station on Saturday night- lat, on searching for a cab (being a single man, wnta a le I was met by the nsualI reply, "End 'et" Doubtgthis fact. I ased by whom aand the ely was, -' By two slora,"-which ws confirmed by a witaess at hand, who disappe&red -when 1 threatendto call the police. After.ashort parleythe cabmx consented to tako me to my dcstinatio- not without ; warning that I should pmis him forhis milsoonduct. mving neither leisar nor inclination to brng this matter beforealega tribunal, I forwarded the narticnlas of the offenjce, toe -rwith the number of th4 cabmnsns badg, to the Secraetarofthe London and South-WesternXnilway, who, after inuing into the circumstance, has informed me, "that orershave been given to exclude the driver niamedl from p.lying at the station." Allowone, bir, to point out that the comiplaints of the public on the subject of esgaged cabs would verv speedily be remedied If all railway companies would put in force a like determination npon any weJll,ounded complain, and tias wide-spread imposition, justly the caase of so much annoyance, would soon be annihilated. I ha.e the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant. -S.-B. .&Dg. zm-.
A smx=c £iLens.-The steamnzhip- Persia sails for llew Yaori on Saturaay morning. ILetters will be received at the liverpool post-office on that morning till 1 a.m., with late fees til 12 noon, and on the landing-stage ti ll p.m. The Chersonesse a new steamer of 2,30D tons, 'wfll sail at the same time on her firstvoyage to St. John's (Newfoundland), 1alifax (Nova Scotia), and Portland (Maine. Letters and newspapers,which must be -addrefse . .Per Chersonese," must be posted ai Liverpool on Saturday beforel p.m. and-with xlate fee of ld.beforel 30 p.m. T{uE: R Bv :Eu:, &,- OF lT m-RIeturns muoved for by Sir iFergus^on, 7tp., show that the net produce of the revenue of Ireland paid into the Exchequer in the year 1855 amounted to 6,0-56,272., of Which ,919 Si. acc:rued from Customs, 2,30S,12ol. from EMcise, 441,300?; from Stamps. 1,049,SfYSL fromrIncome-tas,, 26,000l. from the Post-ofice, and 311,G291. from various sourceS. The total income oflas,t .Year aounted t, 6,77,982., ad te exendiure o 6152,0171., leaLving a bilance iu the Exchequer at the end of the year of 620,904?. T.he amount of the :Exciae collections iu the various revenue disticts of Ireland last year was 2,374,733., and the gross produce of the Custo duties 2,07S,0621. The following are the quantities of various articles retained for homne -consunotion in Ireland last year,-viz. O0,169 gallons of bne(all sots), 6,o67,90galons of spirits (whereof 6,228,856 were home-made), 4,808,354b. of tobacco, S,4So,1301b'. of tea, SSO,-2301b. of coffee. 411,692 CFt. of raw sugar and- 145,032 bushels of Ilar- man linseed. Other articles are not 'mentioned oing ato .ani fron England, dtree, kept inIeport from Irend toforeig'parts in 1855 included 14 horses, 292 cwt. of bacon, 7,943 barrls of beef and pork, 17,475 cwt. of batter, 1,617 quarters of wheat and hour, 15,742 quarters of oats and meal, 66,053 yards and 20-orth of rmenmT -I u tures, and360, S3yardiand 50& worthofcottort goods. To srland were enxtS 214,636 head of, cttle, ,6ile,48 , ,AOJ4 swine, 3170,121 quarters of wheat and lour,ind -1,964,655 quarters of oats and oat- mneal. The stamp duty colected in the Dablin district was 33A9071. and the amount ofpogtagd collected in the sme district 57.6111. Tnx TwFhISurss or DAnx=G.-There appearm to be a discussion amiong the .Wesleyan Wethodist as to the propriety of' idmuoing?" We learn from the Mafanschstcr Eraminer, that' it the last sitting of the Conference 'the -eRe. Isaac eeling brought for. ward A resoltion of the London district meeting respecting the growing cusom of dancing, and other woIldly amusement cldaely aiieto iL. Mr. eeling pro posed. that the rule prohibiting dancing saouldl be made clearer and more stringent.. Dr. Bunting said it wes high timnefor the Ilethodist Confenoetogiveacertainsound on this matter. In London them were danicing -pa-iVes ini the house of eome of their members. He remembered. lmw 20 year ago in Machestr they bad to exerciqe discipline on daneing Methodist,, and they lost some of themx in consequence, bult such member who petronised dancing [were -better£lost than fond., The Rev. T. Pugh said e _mented to say that the evil<a sgAoiiing one. Card. plyn t, to, was practised as -wen s dancing =-;aome Mtoitfamilies. TheE-ev2. .X'Owan said they ne~ede no disussion-they. vereall of one mind- the race of dancing wa inot- in he. noey width ivQ;z "Ae =y 'T. Soott said that as the e,il wa chieflyamong the younper mnembers of Methodiat faMiles he hoped they would,' with, giret affecion as we_ sa £Irmneas, e h rle a not tolose their holdoL :young people. The Confeence enally resolved to improve the wording of the rule in quest"On. Cusrors DrTrrir (OCAwADA A2qD WisrIiE ns Some corespondeince as been publiaed betw- the coIn. * and Ith iovernors of our North Asneri4eni an Wet Indian olouies an the seubjst of -a proposl for the' Mutual abliLtiont of Cutms uties aponi the productioeus of Canada and th:e W tdies. A d3culu , etch of tho late Sir W. Molesworth, dated AngeAt Al 18 , stated. the ground en whiek the hooA Governeut rpiuded. the tpropedarrangement as vesy obpeetliesb1 and Sir-G. Grey, last, Octoiber, eXpvms*d himelif to the same effect. Her Majesty' Goveranment regard awe'jropowe as, Tery objecii0ionbbe first becana it wosdd co1mmerciafly separate the' coaoies -which entwred into it fwues the rest "-of the empire; secodly, beeAua it wea1d,beWnivasi alike to the interetsU Of COnsumArs in the 0eJamissa of rdoui evsvOther' put-of the wm**r; gm lirJy eeaei - bul e inconsistent with-the imprlpoiyrfeetae "it is the "Marst dads. of eMast'Goeien, i,oneludekfsir W. X twtl o atmnndxeda I '-- #I Poio WEig iho untekgtae b I-stel intrest the whole of MW elua miews mothr ecss IrAto =& apdiml ay aaeeted to 147=#Pe Z . Mw*r e
IOREIaw ImmurIUA?E. - 39NSaI upj (pROM OUR OWN COR ONDWYM.) pOion O t owing d i second di :Xg,nof yaak v.-1 PARM], AUG. 20, 6 rO.. -ha aestorn of Ministerial policy cOxtinuea uneaolveain1Spain, but the hints and indications of emi ial organs daily point more plainly to an intention of governing, not in conformity with the I poli afy p Cular party, but by the I aid of all those which, being at once constitutional and monsrchical, shal be disposed to give their support tc the present Cabinet. This may aound very well in theory, but will be extemely difficult in practice. Those who would effectI this sort of fusion will find they havo tol do wia diordant and rebellious elements, ana that the old antagonism and mutual hatred of ?rogreaistas md3loderadoes is notk to be thus easily soothed and obliterated. The lAter desire the Conatitution of 1845; the former would stltifyr themaelves if they did not stand up for that which has just been elaborated .by constituent Cortes in which the Proggreistas composed the immense majority. It hasnot been anounced, but the suppoeition has repeat4dly been put forward, apparently as a feeler, that -the O'Donnell Cabinet intends to promulgate a constitation of such a natur as satisfy all parties. Any constitution that would.satisfy all parties in Spain would be not only a chef uwa,but an inspired and miraculous production; and were it more perfect than any work that ever proceeded from human brans and b s it stil would be rejected by the Progresistas on account of its orin, since they will admit no constitution that has not been framed by the freely elected representativers of the nation. If the Government, feeling this, and fearing to call together the constituent Cortes which still exist, were to convoke other Coes, it probably would not live to see these assemble. No matter by what law elected, they would contain a strong majority either of Modderudosor of Progresistas and in neither case would the present hybrid Government have their support. If the Lloderados were in the aacendaxvt they wrould re;oice to overthow O'Donnell; the support of the greistas he might have secured, but only by a decidedly liberal course, San not by the obscure3 and vacillatig one he hashitherto followred. His policy, if he haaany, is anenigma and a puzzle to everybody. Doubtl1ess he is himself mluch embarrassed how to act. He fea to assemble Cortes; he must feel that if he continues long to govern by decrees, he adopts the plan of the very Government he two years ago rose in arms tol upset; and, although he may not prostitute the 1Royal signatre to such iniquitous measues as many of those promulgated by the Polaco Cabinets, such arbitrary rule cannot last in Spain unless it have the support of the Court. But on this O'Donmell cannot reckon, notwithstanding that one of his organs has just declared that "' the Queen's confidence will assuredly not be withheld from the best and most disiterested friends sne ever hadl at her side." Empty words and vain boasts such as these never kept aCabinet together a day the longer. The present Ministry is composed of men of various polical shades, of wrhom some axe untried, while cthers have been tried and found wanting. Rios Bosas is a man of ability, but capricious in hispoliticsand sipperyinhisacts; O'Donnell is a man of action and energy, somewhat too fiery and impetuous, and apt, as I think recent events ha-ve shown, to lot his impulse3 outrun his judgment; Collado is a wrealthy old gentleman, vwho signally broke downl as F?inance Mlinister under Espartero, and who, from being once a Liberal, has annually, as he got older and richer, inclined more end more towards the Dloderados. As regards the other Minister%, we still wait to know of what they are capable. But, admitting them to be all perfectly hone3tandtolerablyable (and that is admittingagreat deal in Spain), they will find themselves greatly'mistaken if they expect to govern long upon the Utopian principle of a u3nion of all parties. They snaystiyle themselves "the Queen'sbestfriends,"but the important question iawhether H1er Mfajesty co;nsiders them as such, and whether she would not preEer to them men who woulld enter more frankldy and completely into her political views and fiatter her yeamings after absolutism. There can be no doubt that she dskea O')onnel; her husband shares the feeling; her mother of course deteststhe man who was one of the chief promoters of her expulsion from Spain, and who declared only the other day, that all government was impossible with her in the country. O'Donnell is trying a dangerous experiment; he may keep things in equipoise for a few weeks, but as soon as he makes a step, no matter in what direction, the chances are that down he comes. The Progresistas calmly wait and watch, and perhaps the posibility that he may yet, if driven to the wall, make such concessions as shall win him their support, contributes to the seeming friendliness of the Court. But he may be assured that some of those who now look kindly upon him are working actively against him, and await but a good opportunity to throw off the mask and sprng the mine. And then, when he most needs fnenlds, hevdUseekthem ittvain; for he will have deceived all parties in turn, and aU will look on with indifference as he falls a victim to the schemes of a Camarillas. The AssemZtee iatiorwle of to-day states positively that the late Ambassador at Paris, Senor Olozaga, had the legation at London offered to him, and that he accepted it, and adds that the cause of its being given to another was that the Queen would not consent to his nomination. The Asseimn6e is perfectly misinformed. The facts of the case are well known. The post of Spanish Minister to our Court was certainly offered to Senor Olozaga, and he was even strongly urged to accept it, buthe refused to do so because he could not obtain from the Spanish Government any satisfaetory guarantees or assurances as to the policy it intended to follow. Scarcely a doubt seems to be entertained here of the substantial correctness of the Neapolitan note as given by the Gze de Cologne. Although it bears no date, we are justfied in believing it to have been drawn np subsequently to the intervention of Austria in the matter in dispute. This does not say much for the value of Austrian conciliation. Had she really made the representations that have been attributed to her-had she seriously assured King Ferdinand that he must reckon on no support from her, would he have ventured on such a reply to England and France 2 One can hardly help suspecting that Austria has been playing a double game, and neutralizing, by secret assurances, the effects of her avowed remorstrances. Considering the policy Ehe herself pursues in her Italian dominions, how can she be expected to recommend justice and lenity in the kingdom of the Two Sicilies? With whatface could themurderer of Cicerovacohiorebuke the gaoler of Poerio ? Tlhe whole story, as it has reached us from various sources, of Austrian expostulation with Naples looks not unlike- a wellarranged comedy, got up to gain time and amusethe Western Powers, Count Buol summons Prince Petrula, and reads to him a note about to be addressed to his Government. Its perusal and :31. Buo'a representations have soz trong an effecet on the Prince, hitherto known as themost assiduous flatterer and abettor of hIi mase's tyranny, that he imntediately writes to the King, declaring the situation crtical and the momont for concessions arrived. General Mlartini, we are told, is instruacted strongly to press consideration of the note sent by his Government, but the next thing we hear is that the Geueral has left Naples on a leave of absence previously obtained, intead of remaining to urge Ferdisiad to the course recommended in that note. den we are told that Baron Hubner, who is inthe north of Italy, is to go at once to Naples to try the ec ot us persuasive powers. P ?ossily thecoimmnication of the eingss note addressed to England and France may havebeen made to General artini, and have convinced him that his stay at Naplea was useless, and, for the same reason, Baron Hubner may porhaps now be relieved from his mission. The impremsion left upon the mind by Autria's conduct in the whole afiir is, that she has been wanting either in earestneas or in good faith. The question assuen1s afditional importance, and givae grounds for aome anxiety. Much impatience will assuredly be felt to lmow-whAt reply England and France will make to the poiative refusal, amounting almost to a defiance, addressed to them by the K ing of Naples. The Emperor and mpress, ith thePrince Im- perial and their* suites, left St. Cloud yesterday evening at 5 o' ock,and arrived at tlhe )Orleans Rafiway station at about a quarter to 6. The entrance front of the tarininus was hung with rih crimson velvet forming a vestibul, the steps leading -toit being covered wi th carpet. A sdons wa fitted upi ithe inside hung with green velvet, with escocheona beariog the initials ot their Majeities in gold httorsi ,iimoun. ted withan juimperi Crown, ithe front of the mantelpiece were buaW of the Eamperor and -Empres, surrounded by floWers and evergreens. The stste carriage prepas -for the accommodation of their MAjesties, and which were used yeserday for- the first time, are Mhandsome ea Parisian tase and workmanship .ould' provide. They we five irn niiumber and eomm'unicate with each other by a short bridge protected: by.agilt balustrade, so. that the communication- between one and the other is as easy as though -they. all formed one. The:inside is arranged with tables and sofas, like a drawisir'-reom. One of the carigsis open at the sides, enclosed rounidwitha handaoni6ly gilded iron r.ailwork; and resembles a terrace gaily *ornamented withi flowers. The,r MIajesties'arived without escort, in two open Carriagel and four. In the first wIs tePince mperiai, the gouvernante, and aub-o-ouvermante, and the nurse, and in the next the0Emperor and the Empres. His Majesy 6as dremed mu plain clothes, and Her Majeatyi a gray silk drews, with a cloak of 'the sme color. O alighting at the vesibule, their jesties s.ere received by the Prefect of the -Seine, the Prelfect of Police, and several of the directors of -the.raiway company, and, after exchanging a few words* passed tihough the saEoon without stopping, and entered the railway cariage. Their Majesties, parcularly the Emnprss, oved about from one a e to another, conves in the most aible m er with the persons around them. guard of honour was drawn up outide the terminus and received their Majestiea with the usual rlitary honours, the crowd of persons who had aem bled rablrg loud cries of " Vive 'Ermpereur !" "Vivel'Imperatirce !" "vive le Prince Impial !" The train left the terminus precisely at 6 o'clock and was to arrive at Bordeaux about 5 in the morning. - The Empress, before leavini Paris, visited thie institution for 3 -t"- of poor parents which Eer Majesty has founded, and wh'.ich is now being built in the Faubourg St.Antoine.;'TheEmlpress was accomp?anied by the Douchs de Ba~ssano and several ladies of the Palace, Man by Count Tascher de Ia Pagerie, grnd master of herhousehnold. ThePrefect of the Seine received .TIer Mfajsy, who vis.ited the establis'nment in all its details, and expressed her satiaction to ML Barras of the rough sketch which he had made in the short space of three weekfor the ornamentation of the hemicycle and the chapeL Her BMjesty spoke to several of the workmen employed, and promised one of them that his daughter should be received into the establishment. The Empress, on leaving, gave a sum of money to be distributed among the worlmen, who both on her arrival and departure hailed her with the loudest acclamations. Prince Jerome left MIeudon yesterday for Havre, wzhere His Imp?erial Higness will stay some timse. A telegraphic deapatch a nounces the arriva of the E:mperor, Empress, and Imperial Prince at iBiarritz to-day at noon. The Mfosiieur says: "A telraphic despatch, dated the 18th, announces to the Marshal Minister of War that the last of the French troops in the East had quitted Constantinople, and that General Paiset, the military commandant, had embarked with his staffon the above date. The evacuation of Turkey is therefore now complete." Marshal Duke de Saldanha, Commander-in-Chief of the Portuguese army, and em-President of the Council of Ministers, has arrived in Paris. He is travelling incog., under the name of General Oliveira. The object of his journey is said to be solely connected with his private a£airs. 3I.Fould, Minister of State arrived on the 18th at Ariusaux, on the Bordeaux ~ lway, on his way to 'arbes, where he is tO act9 a,s president of the council-general of the fautes-Pyrdneso. A letter from Bordeaux announces the arrival there of a detachment of the Cent Gardes and seral of the Court carriages en route for Biarritz. The Thre per Cents, closed to-day at 70;. 8s5c. for the end of the month; Orlean Railway Share, l,425f.; Great Northern, 1,006f. 25c.; Stragburg, 946f. 25c.; New Share, 86Qf. l Paris ad Lyons, 1,4 .; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,827f. 50c.; Western of France, 970E.; Bordealx and Cette, 8i2f. 5O. ; Great Central of France,3 687f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 810f.; Banik of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,630!.; Austrian Eailways, 890f. Cours AU4u U-PAr=3, Auust 20.-Cash Pces.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reinbursable for 10 , 95f. 95f. 25c. *Oc ditto Ioan of 185 (70 per cent, Paid) 93£. lOc. - ditto dertificates (70 per cent. paid), 95f.; l0c - Three er Cents., 70f. 90c. 85c.; ditto Loan of 1855 (76 per cent. paid), 70f. 90c. . ditto Certificates (70 per cent 7-d'), 70f. 90c; Bank of France, 4,150f.; Crd[If Focenier, 670f. * ditto Oblizatiors of 50£!, Four per Cent&, 440f!. ditto Tenths, Your per Cents., 92f. lO0; Three per Cents., 39C.-; 1rom. Obligations of 1,00Gf., Thr per Cents., 930f.; Credit Molbilier, 1,632!., 0c. 1,635f. 1,630f.- i Pedmontese Five per Cents., 91f.; Belgian Four-and.a.HsIE per Cents., 99; Eonte of NPC{Rothschild, 112 7O-Romans, 88; Spanish Deere Converted, 24k; ditto Three per Cents., 44; iExcage on London, at siht, money, 251 274.*;-thre, months, money, 26f. 3MAI'SEIJLES, AVG. -18. The mail steamer Indus arrived at 5 this afternoon. She sailed from Constantinople on the 1lth inst.; Gallipoli, the 12th; the Pireus, the 1-th and Messina, the loth. She brought 220 passengers. Letters received by the Indus state that Admiral Stewart had sent the Gladiator toI Serpents Island to compel the Russians to evacuate it. The Sultan had made a grant of land for the construction of an hospital, to be called the Hlospital of Peace, to be open to all nations, and to be attended by Sisters of Charity. A letter from Athens, of the 12th, states, that a band of robbers who had entered the Greek territory fromn Turkey by the northern frontier had been driven back by the Royal troops. The arrivals of ships in the port of Marseilles for some days past have been so numerous that-the old port and the port of the Joliette are completely filled, and it has been found necessary to occupy the port of the Arene, not yet finished. To-day four transports arrived from Constantinople and seven from Kamiesch, laden with military stores and provsions which had been provided for the French army lately in the Crimea, together with 18 merchant vessels from the Black Sea, laden with wheat. Yesterday three transports arrived from Constanti nople and six from Kamiesch, laden with military stores, and 10 merchant vessels from the Blac;k Sea, laden with wheat. The inhabitants of Marseilles were somewhat relievedl from the intense heat which caused them so much inconvenience for some days past by a heavy thunderstorm which fell over the town at 5 o'clock this afternoon, followed by torrents of rain. At that hour several vessels endeavoured to obtain-shelter inthe port; from the crowded state of the harbour several collisions took place, but, fortunately, without any-serious injury. RUSSIA. (Om OUR BEPoDErLIN cos poaNDMZT.) i *BF-LIE, Auto.19_ On the 1nth inst. Lord, Granville, who arrived in St. Petersburg on the 8th, had his fiast audience of the Emperor. It is affirmed by folks in that capital who profess to be initiated and *ell informed, that, while Count Morny's -credentials were accompanied by-an autgaph letter from the Emperor Louis Napoleon, fuU of fair profeesions and honeyed phrases,ILord Granile' documents contain nothing but the usualfomalannouncements -nothing that in any way can be looked. on as i an advance made on the part of our Government towards a more friendly footing - lhnm ' - Lu .eSrwson ±vnsre hascuethfolwn 1i nencnIxerhascaused the -folloWina advertisement to be inserted in the .Tourynw de St. Petebourg:.-" A l'ccasion de la f ete de Sa Ma- jest6 l'Empereur des Francais un Te Deum solennel - sera chant e le 15e. (3e. Aoft, h ll heures et demie dui matin, en rEglise- atholipue de Ste. Catherine. ILAmbasiade a l'honneur den donner avis aui Frangais residants ou de passage a St. Pdtersbourg.I The Holy Synod has left St. -Petersburg for Moscow, for the purpose of taking its part in the, coronation ceremonial; on the aTrival of this clerical body in Moscowthe branch office there wil be closed, while, on the other hand, a sirmlar -branch office is being opened in St. Petersburg for the. period during whi eh the members of the chief amsembly are abseit from Their usual seat; *The Princess Dadian. the Regent of PMingrelia, together with her son and her sister, the widow of thrmer Russian Minider at the Persian C-ourt, errived at Odessa towards the end of July from Anaclea, en route for Moscow. - - The statement is confirmed in recent letters from SE. Petersburg, that expeditions have been sent out thsumnertotheTschetsebnia,adasiit is aidhave been already succesfufl, though they are describedas having been of less nagnitude than uLsual. - The last few numbers of the B iabiaZide have contained interestinng commuitions fromMajom 1itoa to the campaigns. - in that countr from :1850 to 1855. They are described as differiag snaterialif from those carried on previously-in Daghista. In j itie latter trat of laind; oonsiting moiaty f: high mountains, inteisocted by rapid- ndideepp .treams, the cief ttegiCa int t rned o:nthep ion of oerAin commanding points, which, oni4 obtained, involved of a neessity the surrender -of the internimdiate valleys. The campaigns werd a5 series of sieges of these various mountai fastuesses, and were-carriedon always in te summer, on account of the difficulty, of ;findng fodder for the cattle-o fuel for the troops on those naked mnountain tops Tin the vinter. -n the Tschetsomhis on the contrary, theI terraiaconsistof spurs of ,the 5aucasuw,idru ot E ieso mny sloping terra,ces,into the eoun4y andI are theelves ax plentifully wooded as the valleys andravine3 that lieiterspersedbeen them,and. which aro further cut up by mountain sreams and matrshes. --While in Daghistantheoccpation of a- single commanding-spotfrequently neitated thesurrender of many tribes or settlements, 'inTschetschnia,'on the contrary, the moasession of all the surrounding heights is often wthout influencee on the inhabitants of the intervening valleys- IA this latter, moreover, the campaigns must be earried' onin the winter, when the leafess state of the -goods admits 'of keeping something like alook-out, so as to. -prevent abrpehootera from creeping up close to pick Iothe officers2 anU of observingto somleextent what is going on nthevalleys. . is,the Great Tschetschnia that has formed the main object of Russian. strategy-in the Caucasus durng the last five years; it is described as an enormous basin surrounded by mountains, lying almost environed b Russian--teritory,andthepossessionofwhichisindi nsable totthe tranquillitof thewholelineoftheTerel,the exMem verge of the agricultural reon. The movements of large bodies of troops in a country so broken, so lofty, and so woody are necessarily accompanied with unusual difficulties; they are obliged every time they advance to carry provisions, proveider, ammunition, and vehicles for the wounded with them, which, in a woody country, is peculiaVlj' irksome; the whole of thesew impdimernta inu t also be guardea moet carefully -by a strong, chain of posts, as they are - never safe from -surprise, and the communications k3ept up unnterrpted with the basis of operations, Up to. the year 1850 the Russians had only been abli to malke short inroadis- into the Tsehetchnia, suih? as admitted of their returning to their camp the same night; the Tsechetschenses would on such occasions fight like lions in the defencoof their homes, would hang on the rear of the enemy, and harass him until ihe got to open ground;would thenretuirnhome, and thenextdayrebuildtheirsailas, finishthemin aweek, stockthem with cattle, sow their fields with eorn, aad betake themselves to their former predatory life and mountain warfare, asthough nothung had happened. The only means that could be hit ujpon that woudld promise -better success to the Russian arms was to cut broad roads through these woods (they are described as a cannon shot and sometimes -two cannon shots wide, on which the regular and disciplined !troops ould deploy all their force, and bring their various arms into efficient application. Tnese taeticahave been observed since then (1850), and, it is said, with considermble effect, but that they have not yet been -thoroughly successful is testified by the fact-that fresh expeditions are still found neces- ine ihabitants of the Tachetchnia valley-are described as hignly supenor in moral cultivation to the inhabitants of the rest of the Caucasus; they are very hospitable, and not in any way fanatits in religion, and have hih repect for civilization more developed thn their own. The author of..these communications, Major tJlastoff, considers: the Tschetsehenlses to be the descendants of cnisaflers, but with considerable intermixtr of Arabian and5 in a less degree, of Mongolian blood, and the themselves look upon the inhabitants of t3e -christian aul, Kersten-Akeha, ass their~ original stock. Their sayings, traditions, an3d customs of ancient origin show that originally the female sex was held in high respect among them, wvhich. wrould go far to indicate their Western and their Christian origin. One of these eustoms is very peculiar. When a muiderer or a homicide succeeds in evading the avehging pursue,s, and in getting entrance into a iskia or dwelling, and can contrive to touch w-ith his lips the nipple of the mistress breast, he becomes at once a member of the family; the woman protects him against the avengers, even though he n-ay have slam one of her own family; the offender then finds time and opportunity to pay a blood ransom , the avenger ceases from his pursuit, and the homicide is for ever after looked on as a foster child. The slow but certain porgress of the Russians thus intersecting their valleys with broad roads is beginning to impress the Tschetschenses with a conviction that their eventual success is but a question of time; since the appeara:ice. of the Russians in those parts the saying ha m e current among this all but wild people, " a Russian cart is said to have caught up a hare," by which they miean to imply that the application of the mechanical means of- superior civilization, though slow, is eventually successfuL.i The Iikcalide Biuse has the following from SebaEtopol, under date of the 10th (22d) of July.- - " A great religious solemnity wvas celebrated yesterday at Sebastopol; with great pomp the town was blessed. The Archbishop of Tau;ris, Monsignor Innocent, camne on purpose for theoccasion. Of the many churches of Sebastopo the cathedral so called of the navy was alone in suifciently good condition for the celebration of service. After high rnass and a funeral service for tho brave defenEers of the city who fell during the war, the clergy, followed by the congregation, proceeded to the open square, where the blessing was given, which was followed by a Te Deum. The Archbishop thern addressed the mnltitude - in a speech which elicted the tears of hi audience. Th'e number of persons present was not considerable, I as ,nearly the whole of the south part of SebastoDol is stilluninbabited. Among thosepresentwere-Rear-AdmiuSaI Joukharine, mzilitary governor of the town and port; Vice. Admiral Pfanfloff, recently arrived from Nicholaieff: a few officers, soldiers, and citizens.. The prayers were ferventand earnest, as nearly every one present had some rela. tiores io mour for. A ray of hope, however, of a better future illuminated the countenance of each, and a certan enthusiasraws excited when the pious Archbishop,turning towards the ruins of Sebastopol andtthe spot where so mpny heroes lie buried, in a voice trembling with emotion, 'eulo. gized the self-denial and the patriotism which they displayed during the struggle, and maintained in the nidst ot the most terrible suffering." IT!jUIY. - (FROM OUr Owt' CORRnESrOINE.) TURI , ArG. 16. Doctor Farini, the historian, -has just published a pamphlet on the state of Italy, under the title c-f A Letter to the Bight Hon. W. Gadstone, &c., and. being thus specially addresed to that gentleiniin, who is himself an author on misgovernment in Italy and the translator of some of Faxini's works,, it would appear intended to correct any feelings of -re- spect for Austrian influence which he may-have. *betrayed in recent debates in the House of -c dsmnons. 'Signor Farini may be aeccpted in this instance as the representative of a class becoming every da' more numerous orid more united in political viewi-~of talent persecuted and exiled by.despotism, which has sought and found a refuge and a welcoime. in Piedinent, - Himself a native of the Romagha, though long become a Sardinian citizen, he is neper neglectiful of the interests of his native countrys,; to which he is boundby so many recollections-and ties of ldndred, and this pamphlet of his bears throubh out the stamp of being written by-a man suffen,ng acutely from the aggressions of foreign interferenoe.: The following extracthwill show to what cause he at tributes all the misfortunes of his country:- F "The frst, the greatest, it may be said the only i4 of Italy is Austrian preponderance. You have been shocked, Sir, by the brutality of the lNeapolitan Government; buif Austria were not preponderant in Italy such despotism. would not be possible at N'aples as you have called the negation of God. The first negation of God is this tyrsony, of a foreigner which, where it does not rule by treati,nles by violence, by the fear with vrhich it inspireerincs, by' the martyrs that it gives to the people,- b W he discord that it rsows among all ! You coutknn the weak clerocratic Government -which contends . v ith the 'civil genin o the. age for its existenipe, and with brigands and highwxymen3 for its sovereigu prerq- gaEve. But tbh olerical Government would' not bepossib.0 without Austria vrho now foments the appetitei and the' anger of the,people, and again that of the clergy, in order. to reap her own advantage fromi the faults and error. .f both one and h ether. -Be persded, Sir, there Is,!a& injUr?,no huUt, no humiliation, no torment- of 'which £he Italins do nod hold Ausria guilty in the"firat instac Austria-alone, look at the habits 0f'our life. Wheet in the eou tries poeas or occuiied by the A is, wheia is ths ItAlinwho his aiy reputation to lose 'who darc, tQ boiddonmestic nteourao with them? Where is the houeei family, ivhe're the gay circle. in which they would bhe r ODadhied'00- hbonourt Wlere igthe woman rh,o loo-k wit longing eye on them, 'Without being 1os4 more than anj lost wroman in. th opinion of hLer f&lsw-cjtizia? In thiese public habiti -maybe learnt, Sir. th - history of Airi nderanca aad the re:a of an imnorta hatrtd much bt lin thei" cen be learnt- from the chronxed of *o-houles of tects and 003 iouperson. -- - .-: J: "I hear fribm a partcularly good source tlat th& civil Goveent at Milan has given order5 that -eatzmate of -the property under sequ atibat aha be uade out separtely for each proprietor ilboted by the decree bg vxrtue o which the Government took posession, an forwardedwith as little delay - Possible tofthe commission at Milan. v.atuxally -enough, this order has excited some apprehension i the minds of those ost i iatey teted in the disposal of these prokertjes thi t the Astsii Goveinbient still meditates, as such an al undoubtedly th tens the execution of its scheme oE confiscation at th6 end of the year. B1it the coonfisactiou of the property of Sardinian subjects would bea 'so sure to produce a inost serious rupture with this 7 country, and it ir so-well undersbodatViennii that -the Government of France is in perfect accord with -that of Sardinia as to the course'o bea pumiedby the latter in such a case-besides that it is known the6-Enpeior of thie French takes a lively and personal interest in the settlement of this disputethat it cain hardly be expected the Mennt( Cabiniet will, ever proceed to such extremities, which vould certainly jeopardize its own existence. --.- GREE-CE. A* letter from Athens of thes 8thinst., in the Nor,feUiste of Mafseills, gives some details of the fire which has been already briefly mentioned by telegraph :- - "Nothing is talked of but the terrible ire which the niight before Iast completely destroyed the fie building ol the Custom-hoUse at the Pincus, with all the property it contained. PEritre, archivre, and the. valuable librazy, have alikebecome a preyto the lames. Namerous versions are in circulation s to the origin of tbis catstrophe. According to the most accredited acounts, the 'lames rest showed themselves about 3 o'clock in the morning, at several different points at the sametime. It is probable that the fire had been smoldering for sometime before, but hid not burst out from want of air. When, however,. it did so, the violene: of the fimes ws most terrific, acompanied at intervals by explosions when. the fire resched the spirits which vwere in the different warehouse. .Nothing outld ho eave,a and .the loss is very ". siderablo both fof the Government andfor the metchants All the account boolr as well as the money in the offices have been lost. . The building was not insured, nor Wa any part eo tho pr6perty belonging to.the Government. Nothing could exceed the exertions made by the allied, troops to master the fire, but all their eFortswere unavailing. Severnl of them were injured by the faling timbers. An inquiry has been instit: ted to discover the origin of the fire. A tter brigandage generaly come fires, and this one appears to enter into the:series .of those which have in succession destroyed the Prefecture of Police, the Royal Printing office, the Chamber of Deputies, &c.":
.XaRATZON TO AUTBAMLA. TO Tin EDITOPR OF TIh TIES. Sir,-nt Mir of the 16th inst. contained n extract from the Adcide OUserver, in which it was statd that the Emigration CommLssioners had despatched 20 young women to Adelaide; who had applied to be sent, and supposed that th& would be sent, to other colonies-- proceeding whichaisnot vey.un&tLydesibed Idnapping.". o . As this stUtement is likely to obtain considerable circulation, and, if believed, must very getly discourage emi. grants.from proceeding to Anstralia in C-overnment ships, the Commisioners Will feel much obliged to yoa if you Wi insertia your colrms the annexed copy of a report on the subject snide by them to the Secretary of State, and of ~which he has authrorized -the publication. I Thae the .honou;r to be, Sir, your meet obedient !servsnt~ S. WALCOTT. Se2rehrv- Uovernmelnt Emigration.oeffioe, 8, Park-street, Westminster, Aug. 21. "Emigration Commiszsion, Park-street5 Westminster, Aug. 19. "Sir,-la -The 2Zmes of Saturday last there =peared an article., extracte from the 4ddaid,c Obscmem, arging us, on the faith of evidence given before a committe of the L~gilatvo Cuncl ofSouh Autraia,with havong sent t Adeaid, gaistther wll a umer f.female emigrants who ppled orpssaes o oherplaes,having deceived Victoria.~~~~~~~~~~~t "2~ lthughthe report of the commitQeoand the ~0j. decetkn eoeit will, probably son arrive, we think it eurduy nt o lseanytie i sbmtting to Mr. I.bou. chereour nswe to his harg. We acvaoordlingly caused the ipes cnnetedwit th emgraionof the individuals i~etioed n te aoveartcleto e eamied,and the re"3. The number of young women alluded to, whose names are given in the accompanying schedule [not sent, as unn,ecessary], was 20. -Of these, the first 18 applied fr-om the first to be sent to- South Australia, and never, 'as. far as we can. find, intimated any wish to be sent, elsewhere. The, 19th (3M. A. O'Brien) aplied in the first inlstance -to be sent to Xew South Wals,hutafterwards reqidestod thatlher. destination might be altered to Adelaide, that she might, accompany 31ary 31m-nan4 and she was accrdngy tanferedtoanAdelaide shiV. There remainis only on-epesn Anastasia uln.woapidf- tasa ltrabitwsevenitualIy sent to Aadeaidle. We canot trace in this office the reason for the change, but we have applied for further information on the subject to the agentlwho selectedhIer. In the meantime we think it'unnecessar to delay this report. 14k Thastberentay rbeno mistake whatever in this matter, we trausmit to dir. Labbuchero herewit-h the original- applicatinfors ofeachof te yon'~ omenin question, w;itha theorgin! ettm~of dvce f d-A OBuin,on which she notd hr equstfora hane f dstnatonin case Mr. Inbuchre-shold-hin riht o snd hemto the colony, "FREDERIC ROGERS."
ICA-ZMRIAI AROHEOLOcAL AssooLA.TIo.-T-he tenth annual meeting commenced at Welshpool on Monday last, under the presidency of the Right Hon. the Earl -.of Powis, and lasts al this week. The local committee was headed by the Ven. W. Clive, Archdeacon of Mfont. gomery; chairman,- and 14 other gentlemen. The associia tion assembled in the :county-hall, where the usual proceed ings and discussion took ptlacs, and it also laid down the fol}dwing-excuisions for theweek. Taesday -Excuri6n to The :Breiaden, Bixttington Church, Cefn-y-Castel], GuEs. .field, &c. Wednesday.-The Church of St. Mary, Welshpool ; Domen ; at 2 p.m. Lord Bowls received the associa'tion m Bowls Castle with antique hospitality and kindness. Thursday.-Execusion to clawdd Coch, Llan-y-mynacb, Roman hines and laln-y-blodwell, when the association Iwas-received by the Rev-. J. Parker.Fsay- crio to 0ff's Dyke, Montgmery Castle, LyinmreIooge, where the 'association will bereceived by Lord Bowls; Caerf[04s Mi,sn Beuno, -Laggy Mount, &c. Saturday-m-A walk- to C,er LDigo n TrltAn Church. A2museumn of loca1 antiquities was formed for the occesion, and it contained a large colection of object of graat interest, such as. early charters, corporate and mouastie,~ rue anti. quarian books, rubbings of early Welsh-inscrintions and sej2ulchiral stones, drawis cf Welh castles 1fd other -billding,a faai serleg of larg photographic viewsi of medh~e. vl bauldings, scmost numerous collection of seals, including the corporation° l ofelf Wales, bronze celts, palataves stone hammers, flint, arrowheads, and, wea~pons of various Idnds, together with a -great quantity of coi and vluble oman remains froni Caer,Sws, &c. At the openig m'eetig on Men. day the -Earl of Powis took the chair, having succeded Lord D1pev6ras president of the assocation, and made an dlo. uentddresaon the objects of the socie 'and on the proVabie features of itg viit to Montgomeryhe The anual reporit of the commitee was read by iheRev. E. L. Barnwel, seretary for lToril Wales, and it' showea thhe prosf perous condition of the association, not -only in a scientific ;pointb, oie*w, but also as-concerned its finances. A sketch of*tne' antiquties of h(ontgomeryshire wasthen giveriby WvgLonguevil Jones, to serve as & kid of intr6dactioi to thegen eral d of the meetings. On'Tuesday e -. inigi -when tbe hai was well 'flle with members~ ;n& lvisit6rs,-Includlnr' the 'Countess of Bowis and mdany ladies, the -ReYvE EL. !r~well gave a most- interesting account of v.receiit thur ini Brittany, ' describing the early remainis at Carfiic, -Loc-Maria-Ker, Ynivs GAfr, and other places jrel Jmoivn -to British!iand -Frn;ch- antiquaries. - The -great - acgnitude anid inferes of these rmain came-out niost. graphicilly fromi this paper and its- ilustrationsj a: Alort discuson followea, and. the Yeni. J. W;iiams;, Archde~conof Cardigan, read a portion of his leared -ron early Ccliio coins,, trexting of the mietallic currency of the 3sslnd' hr'6ss-t t~Roman conquest as imitated- from Ilia Greeg,;and-eohccin~it with the nuamismatic hiistory Pr -the h~niisas theGres, the Romais, and ancient Gaiul; Themeeingwasattndd bythe most distinguished amofig Welsh antiqua ies, hI3h as W. E. Wyne, Baa., M.PT the Rv IITrahrne,the Rev. E. 7a kngIt, Yen. Am-lieaonWilias evRowland )VIIIms, LA, of Ths~'sColege Cabride, Rev. H. Jo nes, D.D.; Meisni. C C Ba'ngton T. 0 orgian, i F. L. Phillips, T.- Wak-e. ian J HBre,ndtenu rosofficers, bI PRrv&ru Bmie. A vetu nmove fo by- H~. Bs'otb tn, ~,yetray-pblse, hw that: tli number o rvaebl at-due no the XHouse ifComon, r 'broughi rm heLrslst-esor -amounted-to 199,~of which 161- receved - he Royakl assent. ,~The- numibr--:of, bilh t5eted as 'opposed - or. ciasified its gnupsby -the -Commfittee of- Selsetion waa '117,- and the4 iuier2of billcurfetred by that douxinitte to the Ch&irman day~ g20.-~-dusisafns l Ayment, 4,188; ditto, by e~Mentibkta, 07';total stoi4 4,435~- - -~ --.,
i : - I - T. . ! I T --~(raoM OUR OWN COpRSFPOED. : tThe foUawiugappme in ouYr _emid edition of jsta CO'' '"' 'fON OPIE,AvusT IL To-day ia the first day of the Koirbxa-Bgiram, the greatest Mahomedan festival, instituted in co;nmemoration of 'Abriham's sacrifice. Acording to old patriarchal custom, in every houme one or-more sheep are killed by themasterof thehousenmraon. Before eve6i dhouse yo-u causee the offices performing the -same rite in public, surrounded by all dhe soldiers. in the barracks the captain of each company doea it. For those who cannot afford a -whole sheep for their own house the butehers ari- Ifce, and a: few days before the Bairam a whole procession of iheep; with gilt horns and snow-white fleeces, are pasided through the streets previous to their being sacrificed. - The festival itself lasts four days, with public and private rejoicings of, all lids and cesation from work. On the first day the Sultan goes in- public procession from the Old Sergio 'to, one of the nearest mosques to periorm hs morng pryers, and after.lii return he receives, as on the occasion of the, other-Baimai all- the public. functionanea. The ceremony is just the same on both ocEiasions, only it was not so solemn to-day, as the ,Sultan went solely to the mosque of Sultan Achsnet, on the Rippodrorne, which is quite near to the Old Seraglio, while in the last Bairam he went amdd a double.line of soldiers, forming an army of 45,000 to 50,000 men, to that of Sultan Mehmed, distant about two miles and a-half 'from the Old Seragli. The rest of tho four days is take, up by visiting and well-wishing, whih his much more meaning in this -ouowtry than we in Erope usually ascribe to such formalities. 'You know from,n,y tlat that the late 3aima Mehemet 'Kibrisi, ha3 been appointed ExtraordinaryAmbassador for.the coronation of therEmperor of Russia. The Government has decided to do things handsoinely. They have telegraphed to Paris to hVve amiagniiicent canriage bought there for the occaion,- which was done for 47,OOOf.; they have likewie ordered gorgeous liveries and engaged servants. AsItold you, it was decided that the Ambassador should only leave after the notification of the Emperor' accesson had been officially made by the Russian Ambassador. The Ambassador has not arrived, but I hear that the official notification has been sent from Odessa, and the Government seems so annious to be represented on this occaion that it will waive the point of etiquette, and the Ambasador will, it is aaid, go some day this week. Together with this: notification the Turlish Government has received intimation, vi4 Odessa, from the GovernorGeneral, Count Strogonoff; that orders have been given for the e evacuation of Kars by the Russians. The same information has likewise reached the French and Egeish Embassies; but no news has as yet arrived4o'f 'the actual evacuation. Several rather interesting letters have come from Said Pasha, of EgYpt. In one of these he thanks the Sultan :£-r the sabre of honour which was sent to him lately, and asks permission to present his respects in person to His Majesty. In another he asks for an increase of his army. He says, that, having sent away nearly the whole of his contingent during the war, he was obliged to form a reserve for the manmtenance of order in the country itself; he asks now to be allowed to keep up this reserve, ashe requires a considerable force to guard the frontier towards Soudan ana to keep the noinade Arabs qluiet. Besides this, he will want a force of at least 15,000 or 20,000 men to guard the canal across the Isthmus of Suez, which work, hoesys, has been decided on by the public opinion of Europe.1 This laat part of the letter has considerably excited people here, as it seems so entirely to gnore the rights of sovereignty of the Porte with respect to the concession of the canal. In general the prties connected with this scheme secm to have assumedthe Pasha of Egyptto bean independent sovereim, and all their negotiations were carried on directly with him, without being authorized by the Government of Constantinople, which surely ought to have a word to say in the affair. You may therefore imiagine that the project is by no means popular here. There .is also another reason why the scheme is not relishea by Turkish politicians, and that is that all efforts are tending' to withdrawv as completely as possible the whole -enterprise from the control of the local authorities. The line which has been chosen runs -for the most- part- through a deserted district, so that if the scheme should really ever be realized it would virtually break up the contiguous connexion by land between the Asiatic and African part of the Tur;ish territory, and establish, as it were, a neutral territory between the two. Everybody is complaining of the delays and obstacles which the Ttrkish Government is throwing in the -way of foreign enterprises the object of which is the development of the resources of the country. But ought one to complain of this unwillingness on the part of the Turkish Government when the initiators of nearly every one of the industrialandcommercialenterprisesstartedsincethepewce come out with some such umneasonable conditions as those demanded for the canal across the isthmus? It is certainly of. immense advantage for Tarkey to have European capital invested in the country, but if any one of the companies claims an exceptional position, and gets it, the natural consequence muist be that the Government will have no control; whatever over the resources of the country, which will all be under the protection of some special privilege or other. The bad faith of the Turkdsh Government, and the necessityof a guarantee against an unlawfuland interested interference of the native authorities, is assigned as the. ,,ound for the necessity of an ex ceptional position; butt is not this suspicion on our side just tle very thing -calculated to produce bad, faith on the part. of the' Turks, for the exoenti6nal position demanded byEu-opean compames naturally leads to the idea that they want to take an umfair advantage of every privilege given to them, -and ,that they intend to stretchtheir privileges to.i the utmost extent. Security is, no, doubt, an indispensable condition for the investment 7of foreign capital in a country, but there is a considerable difference between security and exemp-, tion from all surveillance of the native Government. JI told you of theAdifficulties which the 'Ottoman Bank had encountered just at the moment woen everybody thought it had obtained the privilege to, forn a nationl 'bank. Ihar its agent,31r.Ivan,has. left' in consequence, for Europe, and new competitorsare coming forward. Most active among these hias lately been a newly formed' league of the nmost fr6miuent Greek and - Perote bankers, 'who hope to bring together'a capital of several millions without--'havin recourse to foreign capital at all; '70060. 'are said to have boen already subscribed, although the subscriptions began only a few days ago.'. Certaily, it woul appear theoretically to be the very:bestithing that a lnational: bank 'should be forned;'if4ssible, exclusively of native capitalists';' but if, one' remrin r thiat the disordered sta of the currencyiiand -the fitful changes of the exchange arepif not ,lto4theri at least in a great meaure, due to th :activity of these selfsaxae native bankers, thereieesi'not mnuch hope for the commerce and indurkj' of- :the, country from a nationil ban formed e'xc,lsivelyby them. 3On Iths ' conry, such a combination would',take faw&ay tX only chance -.which commherce ha no* against the' tyranny of te oneyed me, u would pla6e'- oAM enstirely- t the zne of the beake. Another danr which SUO a natio:a bAuk form by naive bankers- would offer is, that the ank W0d be udbjthmea the hiad at it foe the advanatage - of-3heir prirvat, baning: esibaiamenit. Thtre - pre\ ceadentg to usifxy such an apee.T~ra advantage of a national l2k in which iore capital would l: lagely n u'onjd -V not so much of a teial a of amorl -ntr. It would tend. to break *&down the rupt practioe :of the plaee, and intioduce a A}iigher standard of Exchange morality, which eeody must admit is not of the highest charcte the Exchane of Galata. - I. X 0 From the Pincipalities there ia ;no$Linnev. Everybody is looking anxiously to ConstiRiope for the arrival of the .Commissioners ther id to thepreliminar arrangements to be made ;b the Porte for the conrVocation of the Divan ad 1i and the regulation of the future orgnization of the Principalities aording- to the- articles of the ~tr-aty. In the ineatime the Porte a .very indignant it one of the laxt acts of the late Ro*podar of Moldaria. ,A rencnm named Magna brought out at the beinning of th!e war one of the small -tone steamers, with the ides of biakin an esixpeuneat -whether ila aemeem of light draught coulI not be made available for the war ontheDanube. He had the misfortume to be ran down by mnother itIAmer in thehport of Constantinople, but -had th emer repaired, and went up with it to the Danub&,l and thence to the Pruti, as far as Jasy, where ridnce Ghika of Moldavis conferred on hima an exclusive privilege for the navigation of that:rIver, * hich in doubly wrong, for it was donow withoat the- con. tent of the Porte in tho nit instance, alid it is likewise againist, the recent treaty, aocrdinig to which the Danube and all its affluent rivers i free of all monopoly. The Porte has therefore..-iAetermined to canoel the privilege, Badnews has reachedusfrom Skodra, inL AflInia. Two of the districts of the province, Skod, a Podgoritzs, are in insurrection. These two disit, bordering on MIontenegro, - and inhabited by a population aldn to that of the latter, have always been more or less snbject to the inffu6nces which move Montenegro. There are evidences that these influences are again at work.;, the landle for working was the 3hatt-EumiyotmO The hatred between the Mahomedans and, (his. tians in that province is more than religioius.t arises from difference of race asawellas from roilgbous feuds, so that caution was perhaps more necessary there than anywhere else, in order not to kmdle this hereditary hatred intoan open war. . Thstead of taldng these difficulties into account, or rather reconing on these difficulties, the foreign inffuences, which are zlways on the look-out in that corner of the empire, encouraged the Catholics to build a churcn, which was pulled down by the Mlihomedana; the Catholics answered by attacldng amosgque, ana this lea to a bloody affray, wich: was taken up by the whole population of the two ditricts. General Storks leaves on Wednesday next for England. He will touch on his way at Renkio4, where the hospital huts arn not yet sld, and at Smyrna, where likewise some arangemenf rs we required. After his departure, only a . small portion oI the CommissariMat Department will retnaix and the army post-office. This latter' has not yet received orders to quit, Which- has given rise to the flattering hope in the minds of the British xesidents that it might be kept up as an English post-office at Constantinople. This office, under the able direction of. Mr. Smith, has given general satisfaction by its reglarity as well as by the quickness with which the letters were distributed. The-number of British resiaents is every day increasing, and I think; I am only expressing a general wish when Isay that it would give great satisfaction if an English post-office vere permanently established in this place. r The great Soyer, of London, Paris, and Crimean celebrity, has been presented to the Sultan by Mir. Stephen Pisai, the First Dragoman of the British Embaasy, aind had a conversation with Eis Majesty, in 'which the latter made inquiries respecting his doings in thehospitals of Scutari and in the Crimea, with which he expressed himself much pleased. 31. Soyer offered the Sultan all his receipts for -the army, a complete set of his works, and his model stove, which were all accepted.
&HE- ASCENT- OR 1IMOUy1 APABA BY PIMP. - P-NGLrSHMEIr. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMnES. Ss,-n thin age of npe experience, whenniversa ent pnsa and searching investgation hve brought almosteverything eneath their touch, it is somet'hing to be able to wenruncehto the peblie the accomplisimient of tnundertaSn which has itlerto been deemed impossible, wbile by M fyj the very attempt would have been considered as boSleving on the impioui. Io most men the name of Ararat uggsts thoughts of a sOln nature; and, among the people who inhabit the cotntries rond its baz6, itgs niowcappedscmmit.is regardea -ith-mingled awe s.nd veneration, being guarded from all approach, according to their belief hitherto, not only by physical obstructions of an insuperable nature, but also by Divine ohbibitica. ThEs belef no long exists, and the practiability of ascending Mount Arant is now an esta. bhl;ivd fact. Ana the l1th inst. a~ party, consistinz of Major Alick J. Eraser, the Rev. Walter Thursby, Mr James Theobold, jin, of Winchester, Mr. John Evabs, of Darley Abbey, Derbyshire, ad myself, started from Ba'yazid on this new expedition. We were arccompanied by two servants and a znptieIh, or native policemnan, and by the kdidness of the Ka!imkau, Hadjee iustepha Effendi, we were consigned to the special charge of L-nk Bay, a chief of the Aiarat urd S under whose safeguard we had nothing to fear from the plundering habits of his followers At Bayazid we had providedoarselveszeachwith astoutpole betweenfive aad six feet long, farnished with a spike at one end and a hook at the other. Oiossing the plain 6f Ararat wa commenced the ascent tLrrou&,h a wide ravine, enclosed between vast ridges of volcanic rock. For three hours we wound our way through rugged defiles, occasionally traversing fertile plateau ver. dant with growing crops of wheab and 'barley. Oun surefooted little horses, accustomed to this sfot of work, picked their way through the most breakneek places, and brought us in safety to the black goats'.hair tents of our host, whiwh v,ere pitched on some pn-ture lands on the southern slope of Greater Ararat, about 8,000 feet abovethe level of the se3. Hither the Kurds resort in summer with their flocks, and herds, rcturning to the villages of the plain at the approach of winter.. A portion of the chiefs tent was set apart for our use; the floor was covered with gay-coloured carpets, a fat sheep was hilled, and everything was supplied that Rurdish hospitality could sUggest. At 3 o'clock next morning we-were on the move, all except Mr. Thursby, who, to our regret, was obliged by indispbsition to remain bathe tent. Three hours of continued "-cent on foot brought us to the base of the cone. Here Major Frser bora off to the south-east, and took a line of his own, while Mr. Theobold, Mr. Evans, and I, commenced the ascent on the southern side, keeping to the snow, which presented an unbroken surface to the very summit. * To my two friends, vho are experienced Alpine climabers, this was easy work, but it soon began to tell unfavourably on my unaccustomed limbs. For a time we kept pretty well together; by degrees, however, ifr. Theobold bgan to forge a-head, followed by Mr. Evans, while . brought up the rear as well as I could. But my strength was fast giving way, and when about hadf-way up the cone I found myself utterly unable to proceed any further. Ac cordingly, there being no alternative but to descend, I sas on the snow and shot down with the velocity of an arow, undoing in a few minutes the laborious toil of nearly tlee hours. This was a keen disappointment, amply repaid to me however, as will appear by and by. At the foot of the cone I found Issak Bey, who with a couple of his people had come out to watch our progress, He-looked on my failure as a matter of course, and seemed to think the others, too, must soon give in; but no, up they went higher and higher, his interest. and sUrprise keeping pace with their ascent. For some hours we watched their upward course, the sharp naked eye of the Kurd plainly discerning what I was able to see only with the aid of a telescope. At length, at 1.45, Mr. Theobold erowned the summit. Great was the astonishment of the CnieLf "Masfiallah !" -he exclaimed, " God is great !"-" What wonderful people these English are; a few of them come here, and without any difficulty walk to the top of that holy mountnai, a thing that never wag done by man before. Wonderful, wonderful " At 2-50 Mr. Evans reached the summit. He and Mr. Theoboldmade the descent together, by the same track that they asended, and returned to tne tents about sunset. We must now follow the movements of Major Fraser, who, as already stated, took a line of his own. 2lot being accustomed like the others to snow work, he chose a. ridge of stone, which led un about two-thirds of the ascent. Over this he made his way without much difficulty, and then, taL-ing to the snow, he patiently toiled upwards till within a few hundred feet of the ummrit. Here, in attempting to cross over to vhat appeared a more practicable line, he slipped on some thinly covered ice, and, losing all control over himself, ho shot dowv with fearful velocity, now bead, now foot foremost, overa space o6 aboutathousandfeet. Bywoaderful efforts and presence of mind he succeeded in arresting his perflous de. scent, and, scrambling with difficulty to a rocky ridge that protuded above the snow, he climbed over it with immense labour; and thus recovering his lost way, he won the. height about 3.30, having been thrown back full three hourn by his mishap. He 1l descended on the traces of Messrs. Theobold and Evans, and regained the tents at midnight, having been aboat twenty hours on foot. On the 13th, about 2p.m., Mr. Thursby and I started from the tents accompanied by two Kurds, carrying rugs, greatsoats, and a mlall supply of provisions. We proceeded slowly and leisurely until we reached abouat one- third the ascent of the cone. There we were obliged to dismais the Kurds, who, from religious fear, refused either to proceed further or to spend thenight on the -mountain; but,to insure their return in the morning for the rugs, &c., we thought it expedient to detain their arns, the dearest possession of these nomade people. A q we had neither of us much fancy to try the ascent by the snow, we cnose a new line of our own over a rocky surface, facing nearly due south, which the w ind and sun had bared nearly to the summit. Left now to ourselves, we selected a spot topas the night, piled up stou to windward as a shelter against the cold, and, having din a heartily, we made ourselves as comfortable as possible. We saw the sun set in indescribable glory, throwing the sh dow of the vast mountain far away over Georgia and Aderbijan, and even darkening the distant haze of the Eastern horizon. Wrapping ourselves in o a rugs, we passed the night as well as could be expected, and at peep of dawn on the 14th we resumed the ascent. It certainly was toilsome and slow, but was, nevertheless, satisfactory. From an elevation of about 14,000 feet above the sea we saw the sun rise in unclouded majesty, lighting up simultaneously to our view vast tracts of the Russian, Persian, and Turkish empires; that was aglorious sight never to be forgotten.. About 1,200 feet from the summit we came upon an oak cross thast had been fixed there in the rock by Professor Abich in the year 1845; it was in perfect preservation, and the inscription, in Russian characters, was still legible. This was the most difficult par. of our ascent, the obstructios were frequent, and the climbing at times perilous; but caution and perseverance enabled us to overcome every. thing, and at 9 am. we had he satisfaction of standing on the highest point of the mountain. Here I stuck to the hilt in the snow a kana, or short double-edged sword, which we found at the foot of Abich's cross. Here also, ss loyal Britons, we drank the health of our beloved Queen in brandy. Her rajesty will perhaps de ign to accept this ex. pression of allegiance on considering that hers is probably the first name that has been pronounced on that solemn height sinace it was quitted by the great patriarch of the humau. vace; for no record or trdition exists of the ascent having ever been made before, although repeatedly tried by men or ilufferent countries, both European and Asiatic. Professor Ahich made several attempts, but failed in all, as is proved by the position of the cross, bv the testimony of the natives, aind even by the confession of his oVwn countrymen. We descended onthetra_-ks of the others, and got back to the tents about 4 p.m. The 'whole surface of Mount Ararat bears evidence of having been subjected to violent volcanic action, being seamed and scored with deep ravines. The rocky ridges that protrude from the snow are either basalt or tufa; and near the summit wve found some bits of pumice oss a spot whicl still emits a strong sulphurous smell. The summit itself is nearly level, of a triangular shape, the bae being about 200yards in length, the perpendicular about 300. The highest point is at the apex of the trian-le, which points nearly due west; separated from in by a hollow is another point of nearly equal altitude; and tbe base of the triangle is an elevated ridge, forusing s tljra emninence. Tbe-,e three points stand out in distsnct iclief on a cler aay. -The snow on the top is almost as dry as powTder, and in 'wilking over it we did not sinkC more thasbalf-way to the r.ste. The impression left on my mlind is, that the summit s an extinct, rater filled -with snow. We a erienced no es-fEcalty of respizianion, except being soos:tr blown by exerftn than we shDuld have betn at a, lcower level. The cold au-ss iLtente; and though a perfect cala ptevailed at the ,imse at the foot of the cone, as vse After-aids earbt,,a keen -a lad was blowing from the Ebt,t wIhich raiseda blinding hs::st ef fineneow that urevented us taiMng ally distant views. As toay te suppgoed, ouh r sc ess has created no itall sensation thrzoughout the countr; the fame of it prreceded IUSWherevCr we went. It.was announced as a sort of won- der to the carav tran eflig eastward; and the Kaimakam.- of Bayazid has made it the snbject- of a special report to Contntinopye.., 7' ,_ ' ' , -,... F'rom the sacred C ter of the mouiLtain, an& the tfaditions associated with it througtout the 2A* identica as they: are. a saiitTa1 recora* A am iinclineadto think that a degree of importance will.attach to this performance. in popuLsr estination, beyoncl whit is-&Le to a mere exhibi tion of nerve or mcle, an(i this, no doulSb, itU eIin favour of our national prcsic. ' ' ' : - - ' ,- On the 15th we ascenadeda esser Ararat, b isg being an ordinary affair does not cailfor a detailed account. I [woald only observe that, perhaps, from no ether spot'in the world cana finer or more exteve view be oitined. This view we had the good fortune to enjoy to perfeotion, ith.a dorsmdless sk and clear atmosphere.- TPosaveyo-arreadersthetro-ableof referring ton gazetteer, I may -tate that the summit of Greater Ararat is 17,323 feet above sea level, and 14,300 above the plain: fromnbase of cone to summit may be above 6,000 feet. Lesser Ararat iS 13.093 feet above sea level. ROBERT STUART, Mkjor. SpecWaI Service. *.BneroUm, oULy M . AM.n y *or.
BZSHOPS AND CURATES TO THE EDITOR OF THE TLIES. Sir, -As one of 'he persons indirectly accused i you, correspondent's letter of yesterday mnder the above title, I trust youvillallow e m toofer a few words in. replyto his communication. He asserts, that the las1 "Ecakaica Gazetle contains 30 advertisements from clergymen in search of curates." " Out.of this number," he proceeds to observe, " one only offers 1001. a-year; there is one at 901., &c. Some-- of these offers are avowedly addressed to men of 'private fortune,' nd inthemthereis either no stipendcgiven, orit ,is so small that shame trevets ts publication." - My observations are fw, hut I tl4nk to the point. L Of the " 30 advertisements from clergymen in sarch of aurates" two ame not from cergymen at all, hut one from the West Herts IDfirmary for a MYaplain, offenng astipend of. 501. er annum; and anotherx rm a curat s regis4 addresser generally to incumbents and curates. 'The payments for the services of chaplains oE ebb institutions are shameflly niggardly, and would lead one to suppose-that reliious instruetion is little estted by the great body of 'theirmanagers. 2. Iau one of those who have not mentioned the stipend I offer, but not through " shame." It was because 1 was prepared to offer remuneration as far as I could in propor-- tion tothevalneof theservices rendered; but if "Y emo" cares to know, Imaytell himthat to no one of several applicants have I offered less than S07 a-year, and board and lodging. .. Taere is, however, much to be said in defence of the low stipends offered bv inocmbents. 1anj with large fAii7es and small lvings are obliged by health-bythe population of their cures-from the fact of their havingtwo churches-and from other reasons -to have the assistance of a second clergyman; and -it is only by the aid of such persons as these advertisements require that this can be obtined--gentlemen -who have the means and disposition to give assistance in the ministry at an inadenuate rate of remuneration. My -own ireferment is scarcely more than 3001 a-year net, and I have a large family. I- am acquainted again with another clergyman whose net income is below 300C. a-year. and who has a family of nine children and no other source of income. Will " Nemo" tell me how, in such a case, a er stipend than such as are advertised is to be provided? If he says, by further reducing the bishopricsCobbett and others have told uas o-f this p lan long ago; and I can only r eply that poor incumbents and cnrates do not wvish this plan, anld mow w vhat it aims at. Ihave the honour to he. sir. venrn - AN INCIMENT. Aulagt YU.
A HINT FOP; CEUBOH BUIZD.EBS. TO ¶EE EDITOR OF THE T ES. Sir,-While approving the remarks- recently made in. our joual on the insuncientendowment of newchurches, allow me to direct your attention to a far worse case in connexion with the subject. The parish of Hempton, in the county of Norfoll' has been left withouV any church or clergyman since the Refer. mation; its population has increased threefold within the last 50 years owing to the demolition of cottages in neighbouring " close-parishes," and it now contains abont 500 s-ouls. The rectory was granted in days gone by to the Priory of Rempton, and became a lay fee at the dissolution, and atill remains in lay hands It is a nominal and valueless petual acyat this moment, and no -clergyman hasb presented by the patron (the Crown) because, I suppose, none haSs been 'willing to undertke it .on sulch conditions, with a POor population 'working on neighbouring estates, but referring to the clergyman in time of trouble, sickness, or distress. Tne ruins of a church and an enclosed churchyard existed some years since, but have now entirely disappeared, and the non-existence of any church has oeen brouuht forward as a reason for things continuing in their neg3ected condition. What more natural. then, or more, obvions than to commence an effort to reformn this state of -neglect by erecting the building, leaving the question of endowment till afterwards I UEnder these circumstances, various friends have come forward to aid me in erecting a chancel feapable of enlargement) in which DiVine worship may be celebrated, the bishop of the diocess licensing the building for that purPOSej and myself as minister. Residing on the spot aniacquainted with the grievous state of neglect into 'which the parish has fallen; referred to as the clergyman and curate of the adoining paish, it 'was but a choice between this course of proceeding and Imowing that (failing this) the moral condition of the people was becommg worse day by ft can but remain as a monumnent to testify that the neglect has been seen, and that an effort has been made to remedy it. It will plead allently for the neglected m tion around it, as it was intended to do. It may niaIto a permanent remedy of the existing state of tbints, for the tithes dedicated to God's service still exist. In this case the Crown is patron. There are comssions for plying the excess of church endowments in one quarter to tg wants of the church in another; and therefore, bad as "n i=uficient endowments" or "no endowments" may be, the erection of a now church (under either of these conditions) will not have been useless if it discovers the neglect and leads to the pro r remedy. The locality being described in this letter, it will answer every purpose if I subscribe mnyself Your obedient servantL CLEIICUS, B.C.L. Aug. 18.
EXPER-TrSn IN SmTE'r SCAVNGlN.m-Yesterdlay the Marylebone Sanitary Committee, consisting of rX. H. Guy, Mr. Nichola, Ir. D'Iffanger, Mr. Tavener, Dr. Bachoffler, and Mr. Hutchons, tried upon a macadamized road in that part of the metropolis the plan they have recently adopted, and found so successful in washing and sweeping the paved thoroughfare of Oxford-street. The operation sperformed by tbree or four wateircarts proceeding along the street abreast and sluicing it with water, folowed immediately by a tang of scavengers, each armed with a stout scrubbing-brush, who stretch right across the thoroughfare and sweep the mud into the kennel on each side. The effect is that in summer the road-so cleansed is kept cool and free from dust for the remainder of the day; and the oeration, if it be performed in the early morning, before the traffic commences, need not be repeted until the ensuing day. Foot passengers are spared the annoyance of wading on a fine day through several inches of liquid mud in attempting to cross a street watered in the ordinary way to lay the dust, and people riding or driving ran no risk to life or limb from the greasy state of tho thoroughf The experimeint is stated to have given great satiafactioa owherever it has been tned in Oxford-street to the tradesmen, who are no longer inconvenienced by the dust blowing into their premises, and also to the drivers of the public conveyances. It remains to be seen whether the Marylebone VestLy wnll be prepared to adopt the plan permanently when the committee of their body who have made the experiments shall bave reported upon its merits. One cannot imagine their hesitating to sanction it, seeing its obvious advantages over existing methods, unless it be from a consideration of its cost; and if even that -were, comparatively excessive' though it in understood to beo otherwise, the questio might fairly arise whether, in a matter calculateda greatly to promote the public comfort and conveni- ence, that ought to stand in the way of its adoption.. It was tried yesterday on the macadamized road of Dorset. square, one or two of the adjacent streets, and a portion of. the Nevw-road, all which it svrept' and cleansed in a rapid and efficient manner. There is, however; an objection to its application to this kind of road to which it is not liable when used on a paved thoroughfaxe, in that the thick sedi- 3ment, consisting mostly ofheavy pulverized granit-, swept: off the macada-mized road w1%i t is apprehended, after passing through the gollyholes with the water, seWtle at: the -bottom of the sewers and tend to clog them up But this might be obviated by a contrivance - for preventing the solid matter flowing into the sewers The plan, upon the whole, with some slght drawbacks, is creditable as an attempt to remedy a great piblic inconvenience, and worthy of consideration and imitation by other parochial bodies. The state of the thoroughfares in the metropolis, like that of its public conveyances, is unworthy a great capital like this, and the times in which we live. The scavenging, even under the Local Manage- sent Act, which wras to make the mentofol mnsgomting kim to a paradise, is done in the most irregular and unsat factory manner, with the exTception of a few ditricts. * It is, as a whole, destitate of anything lke system or organization, and is, in fact, a disgrace to the local anthoritiem rat whom it devolves. R fAdvertisement.-"TBells uife: Ti eLondon" of Sunday set, August 24, asd teT atuitre Supplement of 24 columnk, wll conIin full partlcdslara of the York August eetlna and alt the othe tsrfse-woftbeweek Alo. the ttosal Thamnes ifational Btegatt. Royal Vctoria Yacht Club. MtceeB, do Cricket: "Sussex v.M3ars- rseeoms Cuwbeandgroed,o"g"oent v.Soucty," stad octhriainortens ieatehe a Thuc Ring:iiob Tratvher and aJhoe aebley Broosmsatn Lorsghards i>fovie, do. All the othersnorting and mniscelsneonsnewa reptnt h oisof the wekl e1ud3fly, cihronicled.lesccd unstimpldw-and Otalmed. 1d Oefignce. Wi0, Strhand 1su. Ti sped .eek, a rAdvertisement.SThe " Sunday Times" (proprietor Mr. I T Smith. of the Theatre Beysl,i)ruiy-}ane) contains weekly the m reetings nowbeig hel°d tihrouighbout the outry.talso conItai=ns oxchre theatrrcal intellisenre. at hemse saud absoad, every inform,ation relaingtoc e toplgeceics o't-hwte d.a5y with the fullest dbome sticlaw and suopI ment, which ismainly devoted to agricultural intelligence, emtrac ig infornatio on erery topic interesting tC the landeiwer and far2aer, and cozitaining a series of ably,written leadiig artices-en agriultursl topics hyenae of the lint wlletTs ine Chat deportment. From its largo ciscuattonminaltParis ofthe kingdom andabroad.thie "Sunday simes" affordatho best medium for sovertirem O15 ce, 15, leet- rAdvertisemneatjiRevision of the English Bible-",-The SinCe of the Eongl4k nible."1 an Essa b.y the Rev. W.. Panssers tA., PerpetusslCurate of All Saints', lfnightsbridg, has been repr-inted by IdeSSrs. Lo3gon sand Co., from, the -- Edinurgh Review.- Price
CB-NTRAZ CRIMINAL 0OURT, Azg. 2L- OLD-COUR3T. (Befoe- i M-r Barona )MsT.) 'Wirain Seaman, 62. des-cribed as a - farmer, pleeade "Guilty' to several indictments charging him with having felonouslyuttered forged Bank, of Englaid notes. Sentence was'deferre-d. Wilakm Summers; 35, was indicted for uttering a forged Zt. Banmk- of Engiladnote. MIr. Huddleston andl r. Bayley conducted the prosecution. The prisoner had no counsel. It appeared that on the 8th of July the prisoner accosted two persons who had some business at Aldradge's Repository as they were standing near that place, and asked them to have a glass of ale, and they accompanied him to the Sovereign public-house in Upper St. Martin's-lane,where the prisoner called for some ale, and soda-water and brandy, and he then asked one of the persons to lend him a-pencil. We-did not appear to have made any use of the pencil, but shortly afterwards he rang the bell; and handedto the waitress what appeared to be a 5L"Bank of iEngland note, with thne name of "7ames' Johns" written across - it with inL. The note was shown to Mr. Alcock, 'the landlord who at once discovered that it was a- forgery, and he went into the parlour, where the prisoner ws, and told him that the note was a forgery, and he should give him into custody unless he gave some satisfactory ex- Iation of how he became nossessed of it. The prisoner at - said that he ;L givenfive sovereigns tlr the notetoa hersedealer in the Edgevare-road, but, upon Mr. Aback calling in a police-consable and giving the prisone int custody, as he was being conveyed to the police station, he said that he had reived the note from one of themen who accompanied him ito the public-house, and he subsequently asetd that Mlr. lcock himself had substitte the fas note for the genuine one that he bad given him. TIhe psi-. soner refusd to give any account of himself, and the state-. ments made by him were positively contradicted by the witnesses who were examined. - - The prisoner cross-examined the witnesses vith a good deal ~of ingenuity, and endeavoured to show that the note in question had been changed b; one of-the persons who accompansied himn into tbe publc-house, The sugges. n howbever was pfositvetlldefnoireid, and there did not apThe 4,ury, withot any. hesitation, found the prisoner George Williams, 23, tailor, was charged -with a similar: olfence. - --Mr. Ribton defendedl the prisoner. The same counsel. 'were engaged for the prosecution. T In this case it appeared that the prisoner went to the -Coach and Horses public-house, inthe Edgewsre-road, and asked the landlord, MIr. Temple, to give him change for the note in question. It appeared that he had not got sufficient change, and the prisoner went to the shop of a toacconist in the same nesgnbourhood, and rersented - that he was senthy Mr. Temple for change. He was asked to get Mr. Temple's name to the note, and he returned to the Coach and Horses, ana at his request MIr. Temple put his name onw the note, and the prisoner took it back and received the chane. The prisoner, it appeared, was well Inown to: kwas apprehended he sad thd note had oe given to himn to get changed. Mfr. EsarON contended upon these facts that there was as ; absence of proof of iguilty nowledge on the part of the prisoner, and the Jury returned d verdict of Not Gualsy. Sarah Gibbs, 28, a good.looking young woman, was indicted for feloniously attempting to murder her illegitimate child. Mtr. Caarten prosecuted; the prisoner was defended by Mr. Metcalfe. The prisoner vas in the service of a mrilliner in Conduitstreet, Regent-street, and it appeared that on the afternoon' of the . 3d of July she was observed by one of the young ladies engaged in the establishment to be looking very ill, and very soon-afterwards a child was hteard to cry. in the coalcellar. Upon. going there a: newly-bern child was dis covered, nearly. covered with coals, and itwas taken out and oun tobe liv, an di no apearto have sustained any inr.The pris@onaenr admritted that the child was hers, but said t he had no intention to inje it by ulacing it whvered it s.°wasfounan dit appearedthatshe hadbeende- '-ee o h hidi he cocear M.i Tzof nrg made a very feeling appeal to the jury on behalf of the prisoner, and The learned JUDGE having suimmed np, The jury, after a short deiberation, returned a verdict of Not Guilty. George Richard Wescott surrendered to take his trial for niisdemeanour. I Mr. !lorry and Mr. Gent conducted the prosecution; Mr. Sleig appeared for the defendant. This case was of rathera novel character. The defendant is the landlord of the Hunter's Anus publichouse; in COMPton-sti-cet, Brucswick-square, and he was charged, Upon an indictment which contained a number of counts,- firstly, with an assault and administering a certain noxioas ingredient to Mary Anne Brode and John Walker, thereby causing them grievous bodily harm, and in several other counts it was alleged that the defendant, being licensed to carry on the business of a victualler, it became bin utyto uppy geuin liuor tothe pubi,adta defendant w,aS charted witah uilawuyobtat ining ,,,a2d. by fals preenss insellng noxous ngtdien asandi for genuineran. made a. very leon statement of thecase andrfre to a variety of ailr statutes, some of tehem4 gingd sofarbackas the 5lst of Henry Il, witha view to sow that the offence imputed to the defendant was recognized by the law, and that it had from the very oldest period been a well-mnown offence to sell corrupted wines or sprits or victualw of any description, to the-public. Mr. SIGH interposed in the course of the speech of the counsel for the prosecution, and said he did not mean to dispute the law upon this subject, but he -would observe that in all the cases the act wa aleged to have-been committed knowingly. In the p resent case he had a comnplete answer -to the charge, and the fact was that thd affair- as the result of a sheer accident. AM-. Baron MARvrne said he was cearly of opinion that the furst count, charging an assault, could not be supported. With rgwd to the other counts, they had. better hear what the facts were, and see how they apip 'ed. - The evidence was then kone inito, and it appeare that the prosecutrix, Mrs Brooce, residedl near the dlefendant, and about 11 o'clock rt night on the 6th of July ahe returned homefrom a long walk, and, feeling a want of refreshment, she sent a man named John Walker to the defendant's house to fetch a half-quarter of gin. The defendant was behind the bar, and Walker asked him to lend him a bottle, and he took one from r behind the bar, and, without looldng at it, he drew. some gin from the tap into it without measuring it, and gave it to Walker, who took it home to M Brode. She observed atthe time thatit appeared tobe a very goodhalf-quartern, and she poured half of it into some cold tea and drank it. - The moment she had done so she felt a burning sensationi in the threat., and was immediately attacked by nause- anadvomiting. She exclaimed t-hat Walker had brou&ht her poison instead of gin, and hetasted a small quantity. and Selt the same sensations as thos experienced by gmr. Brodle. -The defendant wos at once applied to, and when he w told what had occurred he expressed his sorrow for it, and . said that he mustby mistake have given the battle that contained Eome stuff that was used to Clean the bar and he offered to pay the doctor for attending upon tue proseeutsrix. The evidence as to the poisonous chlaracter o, the liquid contained in the bottle was of a very unsatisfactory kind, the witness whe was called to prove the fact being a person who ha been called as a witnes on the previou day in a case of uttering a forged note, and -who &hescred himsnelf as an "amnateur surgeon," and who had no place of business, 'and -was not in any way authorized toact as a medical practitioner. 3fr. Baron MA,n=, at the close of the case for the urosecution, expressed his opinion- that no legal offence'had been)inade out. The matter that had caused the illness of Ms. Brode, whatever it was, had clearly been?placed in the bottle by accident, and he did not see how the defendant could be made criminally liable under such circumstances As the mnatter, however, certainly involved a - question of some importancA to the public, he -would suggest that a special verdit emabodying the facts should be recorded, and the prosecutors, if they, chose to go to the expense might takoe the opintion of the Court of Criminaltpeal upon. the point. The jury here,observed that they were not at alu satisfied -that there really was anything poisonouis in thie bottle, and they-said they-considered the-factought to havebheenmade out by meore satisfactory scientific evidence than that -which had beeni adduced on the 1present occasion. h l Mr. Baron MAPrnr said heqi concirred in the opinion to enthe aury,ithatlthe evidene wasnot satisfactory, and,hescthe urythought the faton f tked lhquid being of a epoionous nature wahYOous not made o d thd, han end of the -Te jury then repuned a verdict of Not Guilty. -Jamea Willamson, 21.as indict~ed for felopiouslW'threat,ening to accuse Robert Dye of fel9nY. of- an atrocious cha-rector with intent to extort moneyv from him. It appearedIt-hat the-prosecutor was a parish clezk, and on -the evening of the 12tL of July he was; returning to his residence in College-gardensi London-wall, - when Tie had -occasion to enter a urinal in roster-lane, Cheapside, andl as he came out the prisoner kicked his heel, and said that he was a poor young man, -andl that he -was starving The prosecutor, who is an elderly, and apparently a very nervoids man, told the prisoner he had nothingegvehn but the prisoner continued to. follow hilm, ang tao Fe'nVg E -sad that money he wanted and money -he, -would have, andl that if the parosecutor did not give him some he -would- 'charge bhrni with an odious cerime. When the -prosecutor got near his home the prisoner snatchedhis um- brella Srom ann, and said he would kee.p it ntil he gav him2s., and the prosecntor was so much alarmed by his ,threats that he went indoors, intending to , get some money -to give to the prLioner, but when he came out he found that the prisoner hadc . gone away.. On the following-Mon. day he came again to the prosecutoels residence and in- quired for hini, and, a communication having in the mean; time been made to the police, a constable was sent for, and the pnsoner was takess into custody. ' - Te prisoner, when 6alled upon for -his defence, addressed the juy in a whining tone, and. declzaedthathenever intended to make any charge against the&gentleman. - The learned Junoz having summied up, - - The jury imuiediately returned a verdict of Guiity. -His LonDSnIP, after comnmenting upon the atrocious charactei of the offence, and -observing that in his eyes it -ersacrilmeas basid as murder, sentenced the .proner to renal servitude ior life. T'E QUEME V. BEN- HoDtie. - If 'Mr. Iawton, the gentleman who has written a letter complaing of some inaccuracies in the report of the above case, had been present at the preceeiings, or had made any inquiies of persons couetent to give him information upon the subject, he would hava ascertaned that the report was correct in every particular, and that be is e-Atirely nisinformed as to wFhat real1y occurred. - - - - NEW COURT. - .Before the ComaoN SEPjm&_N'.) Charles Lizter, 34, desk, was indicted for embezzling the .MM Of 101., the mnoneso ere*i al6ther, lisa maders. ~r g.vl- etr nl l,fr- Robitnsonprosecutea, anda prisoner def enapedhimself., The f&ZIs of the cae, which have appeared within the last. few days, weethoTh er was clerki totbaprowaec. tors, *ho are piteMeaed-Thep "th6 .mna &-ient;:te, xte a cotnts Of a PaPer called the Couatll Paper. -' He received a 10I-note Ironin a7Xr. Neyworth, of Cirencester, which he did ntpay to the cashier, or inany'wa accn toahm for it. Prsoner hAd the care of th cas book. relating to those t-ransactions. As soon as - the deficienoy-became ~own the cashbook was sniraedi,z.tnd upon the.same night prisoner was seen to leave the premiseswithA parcel, t he 101. had, however, been entered in the ledger. The prisoner, in his defence. -urged thait the entry- in the ledger was siimiciently accounting for the money and all tlfat theact ofPakrliament reuiredi The jury found the prisoner Guaty The ComxwsN SzRizAaTp W&d he would reserve the point raised for the Court of CriminalI Appeal. Judgment respited. THIR COURT. Robert Smihws n,6e o iealig 7i1b. w6igls of zie,the property. of T,honws Casey, is master. Mr. M'Enteer-protoeuted, and Mr. Mtealfe defended. The prisoner, it appeared, was carman to the, prosecutor, who contracts to "remove the condemned fishi and refuse from Billingsgate, which he carries to premises at WestHapa; .and there,converts into art6i,ijl manure, Upon themiorgin* ofthle 224 of July the prisoner had given to him,ialong. with-other refuse, salmion, which had benx condemned by the inspector of the inarliet. The fish had, it :been dis6giired by cutting them ia elevral places..Ihppi soner upon his icad hom~e -went to a publichouse At the back of tbe ;ndonHosjitah-er6 eri~raiiino h-r gv the salmon, the pman ittimi Itno.a basket si he intendeditfor sae.. This being romni6nicated, to the prosocutor,herf0ve thoprisoner into charge, -Teuyound the prisoner-Gulty.- The prosecutor, in answer totheC&i.adta mc that occurrence he had lime thrown. on the:fis as soon as it-, wiis recelv~d at thLe macmeet. The CommusssoNr saadli'e waisglad'o h'ea so'-,zs it was' most important that suc3ifooa-sSuiadn6t it about. He' then sentencedl the prisontr to 3iin mionths' Imprisofime4t, telling Lim the offence was avery bad one. Ricard Amerson, a respectable.lookinginan, the captain of a trading vessel,was.x ndicted. or -intermarring -with Judith Rou&ir REietron, his. Wie being then ansI. now alive. Mr, lawrence prosecuted, and Mr. Brsndt defended. JIt appeaed from the statement of the prosecutrix,: who is -a Ver haudsome lookin4, dark women, withx a: profusion of black ringlets, andI apparently by birth a ndian, that she is a widow, -and some-time towards the' cloee of last year she raet the prisoner upon Tower-hill, kot-' into: conversation with hims; and,thath went to her house. awndtere styd hfer commabtnged fornsom thatme,hd wife ayt Prisoner continud t asliv-withiheiwhenShe lhefn mbeaghran all oyfowance, 'whichher ondiucao soraetime, andfinally shegave him in custody. SCe was, it apeaed in otherrespects, a~womhan of very-badiepute. Zr. Todd, the shipowner, . said that,. up to the time of this unhappy connexion, the prisoner had.ben P.most sobe± andearefulan-, but that. while it lasted, he was nevercober. In other repet his characterrankeed very high. The jury -found him Guilt, but recommended him to mnercy upon account of that character anathecircumstances. of t-he case..- - The Commmuo.'pn saidl that it.was6 - perhaps,' lucky. -or. prisoner that he had been prosecuted,- As he -would get xid: of- the prosecutrix, who hle found, had already extorted about 501. fromn him. She could not be said to suffer from~ themarriage; on the contraryshe hadheen.honoured. Still the.&isner mu2st feel that the law of, maarriage was not to' he thus lightly treated; he. therefore shouIld sentence him, to a mont's imprisonment in Newgate-. .
P'OLICR. MAlS5O:-HlOUS-Mr- 4George Fossey, a timber merchant, residing at-Ferry-road west, Miwall, Poplar, 3ppeared before the -LoaD hfLYos npon asummons, charging him with having unlawfull- conspired and combined, with divers other persons, to obtain by false pretences- certain largo sums of money, and withLhavingcheatedanddefrauded Mr. John Walker, corrugated iron merchant, ofArthurstreet-west, of the same. The hearing of the case, whichr created a great deal of incerest, occupied several hours~ MSr. Bodkin, instructed by Mr. turner, appeared to conduct the prosecution. - - - Mr. Iky and Mr, Pearce appeared on behalf of the defendalit. - *iMr. Bodln,h ia openging the case,.sai d,-r appear here on the part of the prosecution, bst I shall only he able aday It carr this chauge 3 step or two in advance,a because it will bo necessry ao bring bfore you another hErn tho ought to have been here before the matter can be thorongusly investigated. It is a charge of fraud of te most monstrous kiuI4 wPhich has been going on udiscovered, <t least, by the prosecutor, for a very considerable sa ce of time, and, if it has not caused, it has .contributed in a large degree, to MEr. Walk-er's- uitter ruin, obliging him to stop payment in-- the year 185 the transictions to woich your attention ilel he walled having occurred Vrevionsly to and about that period. The prosecutor of this oharge is a gentleman naDJed Walker, 'who is a large contraetor for the erection of. holtses for Australia and otherparts of the 'world. Ee isalarge consumner of timber, andhfom the year 1852 down to 1855 he dealt larely w.ith the person before yeu2 r.~ Fes'sey, for timber, and you w ill have some idea of telextentof their dealinzs wenltellyou that in the year 1I3 Mr. Walker Daid him-betw'een 6,0001, and 7,001. for timber bought ofhim in-that year. The prosecutor had premisesi fiiwalli where the business of his factory was carried on.- He had als: a counting-house in Arthur-street in the city, where his books -and accounts ,werekept, and you wil find that the fraud which has bean commaitted systematically upon him has consisted in sending to thefactory at MilMwal, in 'sosme instances small oaantities of timber, whichhave been chargedaslargerquantities, and in many instances charging- for- timber which never was delivered- at alL I shall call yourattention to-day to one account for the month of September, 1853, in which month I shall show you that Mr. Walker paid Mr, Fossey the-sum of 8651.5 se. It is necessary that I should explain the system upon which the prosecutor carried on his business, and the checks wvhich, if i those -about him had used, wrere thought sudicient to prevent any fraud or irregularity of -thia description. 'Vhen -timber was brought to his place at Millwall, there werie brught with it, or ought to have been, delivery-notes, and he had clerksthere -who kept books called receiving books. 'They were not duplicates of each othert but they took alternate days, in order that the books mighit be sent from one p lace of business to t-he other, but in the hooks wias entered hy the eler'ks i his employ anent at the time every article-of timber brought to Miliwall from the premlises of Mfr. Fossey. When the items were' entered therc ths5e: books 'were -transmitted to the count3-house in rth-street, mid it wsS the duty of a clert kept there for the purpose, to enter in a '"bought boolk" hwat appeared to have been so delivered at the place of business, and sold, and to debit Mr. Walker, the prosecutor} w ith the amnount of the goods so supposed to have been delivered. Now, that would boa simpIe and an effectual arrangemnent, supposing t-he parties desi3t honestly, because the clerk in Arthur-street would here enter from these boola as -they came to him the amount of timber said to have been received by the clerk at Millwall, and with the book which contained the quan. tity of timber were also sentthe delivery notes to which I have alluded. The clerk whose duty i' vas to make these entries in the book at Arthur-street was a person named Neary, -who is the pson who will be charged, joiDtly -with Mr. Fossey, with having obtained large' suns of money by false pretences and with defrauding Mr. -Walker. Neary was some time ago committed by you -for trial on a charge of embezzlement, at the instance of Mr. WalLer. Ie was to have been tried at the present sessions of the Central Criminal Gourt bUt his tnal has been postponed, He is out upon bail, and on the day to which it may be thought necessary by your Lordship to adjourn this case we shall, if ha isto be found, havealeary here before you. For that amnong other reasons, I shadl not be in a condition to-day to carry the case very far, but I v, prove one or two cases of fraud in order to pstify a remand. Now;- the manner in which the fraud has been perpetrated is this --After this receiving book had been sert'tc the- counting-liouse- in Arthur street, where it was Neary's: duty to enter, and to enter only what appeared in that book by arrngement-aith r. Fossey, leary, who was Mr. Walker's- clerk, and who was constantly the drinking couaion of Mr. Fossey, was induceL to enter into that hook items which never appeared ia the receiving.book, and which referred to timber which never, in fact, was delivered at the factory at MiliwalL. I .will show you by the account before me, and for only the periodof one month, that of that SC51. 15s. w hichhlr.Walker paid. to Mfr. F?ossey for that"month's consumption, tricing out as far as we have been able to do it, upwards of 2201 is found to have been absolutely, fictitiously, and-fraudulently entered. There were two -ways in. which the fraud was carried on, for anything more systematic I never heard of. First, as I said, by making entries vwhich nevei had any foeudation at all, no goods being delivered to correspond with them; and the next was by the very ingenious contrivances of sending a delivery note, renpresenting that so many feet of deals or boards were sent, and, in fact so many deals and boards were sent, but then those deals and boards were nine inches in width, and they were-squared out as if theyw ere super. There were so many feet of lineal measurement, and ought so to have been charged; instead of which they were calculated as so many feet super, so that by reason of these false entries Mr. Walk-er Was defrauded in setling his accounts vith Mir. Fossmy. I do not intend to go into that part of the case to-day, but I shall show yoa the mode in whch this monstrous fraud has been carried on, and I shall call before you one of the witnesses, a person named Steel, wlho was formerly a clerk in the employment of Mr. Fossey.' Steel, as he states, feeling a desire to render what justce he could, and to make what compensation he could to Mr.Walker for having been the silent spectator, although hot the iarticipator inthese frauds, has lately communicated.to the prosecutor or his-adviser, all he know nuon the lubject. Itweill not oe shown that he has derived any pecuniary advantage from these transactions, but' his father had some dealings with Mr. Fossey, and singularly enough, ' while these proceedings have been going onhis father, as I understand, entered into partnerslup witk Mr.' Fessey, and Ihelieve he is still his partner. Mr. Walker was oblibeed to stop payment, and if these frauds were constaUtl5eing' committed, and to such _x fearfld extent, that ' fact eannot excite much wonder; but, notwithstanding all these disadvantages, he was enabled to pay 1Ss. in the pound to his creditors. I shall now proceed to call witnesses, and, although the case mnayperhaps take some time to make out satisfactorily by strict legal proof, I have not the slightest doubt that I shall be able to establish eventually the -clearest case possible ageis't both Mr. Fossey and Mr. Mnr Thomas Jamnes Steele, timber merchantj of Miliwall, Poplar, was then sworn, and said,-!dy father is' in partner- ship-witl the Aefendant.. Thiey, have lately tailed. Iwa clerk to the defendant from 1852 to -1855 or theriib6uts. ADuring the whole of that tiuje large cLuantities'of timber -were supplied by tbe defendant to M)r. 3Vsner,-th prse :tor, the greter portionof which was senttothe tor's premsesat iliwll. Th a cuntproiie s Min y bandwsadiforte monh ofBepteiber185.- . By the ben-884?. 17s. ld. -After Izmaddit out the dfe~ttl mae toak Mr. Walker for a settlm~ent -of- he acount. I objected to do so, and said I sh ould not like,to go,, and Ibet I woul atherheshouildask,for-it Iamwelf. iLa h it tinie stat-ed to him that oertan things-were ehs Iin the account which were n6t due, aha.Tha, thrfr,I cosHot go to Mr. Walker. for-settleu,ent. Jknew~at hatM4 that- the aecount contained items which had . notiieen delivered at' the. premises -of jMr. Walker. .Uio-asy reusn to go the defendant said'he would go hmsl Atthjef itime I 4:not thinkhe si SMdanyhg thjm,ht he took the accunt from m4e. Shortlya. the same or t'he next day, -the -defendn exehadige prodluced. for 865., 15g.,whc,orepns ih the amount of the accunt, fromwhcsoeddtoba been:ndWe. Hemnerelysadbe hadbruh f.Wle' ftetanoc.an that lie had settled1'heacon.-1ant ecletA words-I'uwd2 but I kubw- thatIepuem suepeise that le haa -got it. ,I wsec.feunl t iskt the ilefendant upon the subject ofthe avrhre,-hnh vuaed-to save believed that M1r. Walker w sustain by reasoni of the sto~ppge-of ynet. etode bn several-occasionz to, charge so-, ads,eaig Tanoux itenasthatwere not debitd;.ian dId so hr e wo nbdtssiu which it,was done. The firt was by deliveries of timnber at the yard, 'when larger quantities were put on the note than were deiivered. att the 3yard. This'was 'doine in 11nanyinsta-AIO&~ The other modewais'througha-clerkof the uaedto coin6toth6defehdasV'soa90'of -in-evening,'and delivery notes were handed to himfor the.-purpose oflhi never deliveriedL IhA've1been 'present~ wen-thitarrange. imatz uebteeitedfbat -nd Nll~ay. in tuie a cbofint I'irodace -therie is ani itesh6 of:23&d .:Zfo r j hlo0W, toardLwlisch -were never Zeiver*Ed Zpon- looking, at tbe. account'for August - 1853,- I- re6ollect settlng it with- 3Mr. Walker. A discount of 5 pe cent., am&uantizg to, &. 3s. 9&, *was deducted from it.. Naycnedw~ete team e*eningthe accunt was settled, r the nextday, ia 'daito the defendant that'the 5 per cent.- ~waalrg dsount tbain ottghbrtolhave bmantaken off, and thathe should ProP0'to_ charge-for maore goods ini soaag to niake it uap. "Thei defend- aLnt agreed'to the proposition, mad the ruinof 221. 6le 3d. was included in the next account-as if for gcods delivered on the Ist of September,.no goods having been sent t-o repro-- sent that item. - It is possible that I madle out the'delivery note, hut ,I am. not certain., X)n the 20th-of Septeinber in 1the sme account twosfurs of 81.-s. Wd n 4. Is. 6d. are;_charged. The goods relating.to these~items. were not Velivered. Onthe2ls,4thel8th, aidthe29th of September 'there are three items of il1l. 9s. 2-d., 211. 17s. Ud, ana :W1. 4s. 2d. To the best of mny belieI nooosore !sponding with these items wer eiee ttepeie :o the proseutor. Th eieynt rdcd eaigto !the 28ths of Septebr si yhnwiig n eesto idifferent quantitieso ibrsn nta a otepo secutor's ress.it contains a tmo 0 4fe spruce'dea7lsrTh second deliv'ery note produced was sb stitted for theoriginalone,and refersto adiffdernt,delivery pof goods on that day. The origial note- sent with the se-cond quantity of goods on that day dlid not conLtain the item of 100 14-feet. deals. lTeary brought the ~gbnifiin delivery note to Mr. Bassey'shouse in tle Veleilng, 'add exchanged it fib the-spurzious -one which I wrote by -Mr Foseys dsir..I jut the dirt. on for- he purpose of makng t apeaanodit, e,,and I tm enabled by that mean to-reognie i. Msaythen took it a-way -with, ,fr~-Bokin sai, he had a great mnmoeuestions' itoput to'the witness, but did not propose asking him anyithing further at resent.,d- IMr. Lilleysa tt undor these, circumstanese he would' postpone the cross-examination of the xitness uintil -his- l16rnieaThienahkdcompletedthe examination in chief. 7 ~ - 3ft. 'F. Haolt, a butcher, living. in Branswick-htroet, Poplr, aid-I was-clerk tothe prosecuator at his ficiory ait -iwl,inL 1853. It was may duty to eater in the reciving books produced the goodls wlich came, in to be char~ged to ~tie prosecutor's accunt, and to transmit the books to1tbe -counting-house in the city. I findan-en'try, in my Writimg, ,on. the 28th September, 1853, of 100 14i-feet - eals, audd other itemsz. A. second parcel waz delioered on. that day, buit no secondl lot of 100 14-feet deals was delivered. on ;that.- diy. I entered the items from the dellivery, booh,-which was sent -with the books.to the counting-house in Arthur-street, where it was.lYeary's duty to check the books with the delivery notes, -Mi. Bodk-in said, he should have to callthis -witness on a- `ftt~e dwndhis cross-examination was postponed. - I r o 'alker, theyrosecutor,.wassthen caIle, anid -said,--i ama corrugated ionmerchanmt, my countinsg-house -bing in Arthur-street west, city. J have also business PMw- misesatMillwall.- Ifor several years bought timber ofthe~ !defendant to alarge amount. _In the year 1853I made per. Kebasesof him tothe extent of 6 000. or 7,000i.-.The.timler was delivered at ldillwall;~anc it was the duty. of the lset ;witnjeastoenter in the r-eceiving-books.all goods-as-they., iclanein, c~opying the entries--from. theL delivery nuites. -The ibooks -and notes were thenL sent-to Arthur-street. -A.tthat Itime I had ;i clerk in shy service named3Viiliain ieamy 41iose duty it was to. -post, frora the recept. books -andt'he deliver fiotes~,the items into the bought book, -, eary -would. have nio other'mode to, guide him in .his entries thian 'from the receiving book ;and the delivery- notes.-; On -the; -2th td8 eptember thene is 3n~ entry irt the ouglit book in lWesa,y's ain dwvriti 6n , i n wh i ch La m dei~t ed w ith 100D 1 4-fe t dtals twise, the amount for which-is included in the Accunkt for whichjIgaveimyaccptance. The substitut-ed delivery 1note contains theoitem for 10014-feet dtal The -price is Ifurnished in2 the invoice, and in some instances, isagreed ;up6n befou5eband at a rate. -- - ~The further hearing of the case was here postponed, the -defendant entering i'nto his own zrecognizances in 4001., and tosureties in 2JO1. each,. to appear on a fluture day. -The LonD Mx&YOn, upon the aplcton of Mrx. Bodk-in, -;ranted.wa. at forthe.appr-ehension of 2~eary. - Bow%-smn=T.--An Italian, -wh-o saidhbis name was 32lius Aleron,w s~rou oit-premand, charged with stealn the lamPs of!Madmiel Piecolomini's carrage from the -coachhuse aterreidnc in Greville-place, St. John'swood, TPhe prisoner said he was intrusted. with the lamps by an Italiani whom he met in the street, a-nd 'who represented himself to be Mademoiselle Piccolomini!z coachman. Mr. HAIr.committed him for tial. - - Wxsvni;sTzn,-Hugh Shaw, a Tman about 307 year of age, living at Ashiton-under-Lyne, but recently brought by haleas from lancaster Castle where, he was confined for debt,. underwent a, lengthene examination, charged with fraudulently obtaining a promissory note for 3501. air. Huniphr ys, Juan., prosecuated ; and lilr. Lewis, jun., - The main facts qf the case, as shown by the eviden'ce, a're these :-Mr. T. Jones, the owner of somie ironworks, residing at 10, Clarence-cottages, Itotherfield-str6eet, Lower. road, Islington, being in want of cash, obtainedl from his son,.M3r. ]E. Jones~, Parliamentary agent, 7, Great Geoge street, Westminstrer, the loaon of a promissory note for 50.-, w'nich had beenL drawn in favour of his brother, Mir. 'W. C. IL Jones, by Xessre Cresewell, ocue of the first ironi houses in Staffordl, for -value received. The note was drawn on the 10th of Septembeir, sadcl made payable six months after date at Williams, De=eo- and Co.'s, London, agents for the Manchester and SafordI Bank. The -prisoner had been introduced to Mr. Jones, sen., by a Mr. Grahamn, land onj the 4th of last January showed him py of the note and spoke to him about, reu oe Y9 mnoney, when the prionr sai that1heb esda'ttheManchester and Salfori Ban, and should have no trouable in passing 'the note through his account there, but suggested, as it -would look, bad to draw o)ut t-he -whole amnountof the niote the-very dlay it was paidin, that he should send 2001. on the mnorrow and the balance in a few' days afterwards. Upon faith of the assurace that the prisonzer had an accunt ats the Manchester and Salford Bank, at which be said his uncle also bank-ed, Mr. - Jones gve him the note, and on the foll1owing day,.instead of the SO0., received. the following by electric telegraph :- "I will..remit you the mnoney ont Monday without fail; the manager was from hams,"- - The promised remittance however, did not come on the day stated, and, although repeted. application was made, the noe couldnotberecoveredfromitheprisoner,who never paid, a singleshullin tofr. Jonesup)onit;andlit was subequentIyascertainedl that, it hsad passed from the prisoner into 'the hands of the finn of Tucker, GreTile, and Tuicler, -who, on its becoming due, demanideclpaymenit, 3r. H.Jonessrepresented to Miessrs. Cress*6Ul the mode in which the-bi ll hd been obtadind, aeia privaiele ixpon 'them - after mnuch persuasiion to dishoniour it, at the same-time. iin thema indemanity againstthe costs of lawi proceedzno Memsman Tuicker, Gre-ville, and Tucker lent prosecutor tile note to produce in the pres~enxt-proceedlings. Evidence was givento show that the prsoner never htadl aunaccount at the NMa- heste andc Salford. Bashk, ana,-furher, that the manager wasno from homne as stated in the teegraphic mnessage.- M1r. Lewis cross-examinea at great length- to show that bill transactons haa occu'rred between the alder Jones ancd the prisoner, and that the former had bilUls in his possession, of the latter's for 8501., which he endeavouredl t-otrn into mouey.through the instrinmentality. of a, Mr. 'Gompertz, after. e had given the accused the- note in qeto n AMr. Jones said that he had promisedi to get the bills discounted for the prisoner, as he said he had comie -to town to raise mioney upon a. mil. Believing thLe accused to be a respect- tbe an he undertook to interest-himself toget.the money. wi thotderiving the slightest possible-adantsUge, but when notion of having anything more to do with the bills. Mr. Lewis having made a lengthened address on his clieats behalf, - - Mr. A oD said, it was a case he must send for trial, antd committed the prisoner to the Central Criminal CourL - . IrotLA rr-- libeth Anne Helwell. a wretched dissipated-looldng woman, -as placed at the bar before the Ron. G. C. NORTON on the following charge:- Mr. Thomas Cooke, the coroner's officer. for the parish of St. Mry, lewington, 'deposed, that on the preceding after. noon, in consoence 'f ifrmnation which hal, reached himz of the deaths of a;child under suspicious circumstances, he went to theresidence of the prisoner, inlock's-fields, ad therefound the dead body of a child, placed on a sort of bed: fonned of t sack or piece of sl ingd stuffesdwithsetrac . Te body of th de4esed presentedall the ppearanceTasif the poor child hafo edded of srvation, and alongdle ondthe floor lay the prisoner in so beastiy a state of dlrunkenness that' he (Cooke) whes nable to areuse her, and in the same roor were four other children in so neglected and emaciated a state as to clearly exhibit- tha they -were not ohly grossly neglecter hut had not had The CommOn neesaies of life. He (Coeke),had these poor children at once removed froo tee plaoe, and the opinion be had, formed of- theirnot hnlitd bad the common neceses wag confired by the mansuer in wrhich they devoured somne food wrhich ,had been gifen 'to them by the neighbours,n - and, from their -anner, he thoght it neesary to restrain them from eating too much, ksnowing what an, effectX it mtuat' have on them. On soearhing thte wretced- hthita -heb. fomid a hote -on hetal tbohoaiiisc .ao m.n- fouibaxbUtUe ~ ~ ~ ~ o9 . } *E ~ labelled "'poisom," a&dndew all the crUUuSt%be.jI=j it to be his duty to dlli-a -poimonble, and gire the 1into ecctd. - ,---- in re$y to the qusions of the m;A -ri, C that, from inforAh he had eceived. Waj,pe.ared tha, -ia coequoee e of the poW drunen ab, her u: lad ]Mt thr, but ma&e kw allowancefor te au - herself ab& br osibidran an&adde htarbuvit that tme ena~dmmkmapio st-nw-mrteseezm nat of athei body a iil, preupac.lbs ner's inqueet being-Idel - . - Thes oLee-onetable, who tock thepriioner -into cet&1y2 confimned the atatset of -tho pr*ding wit e reprerente&. :.the _ 6emdn he . EuriVIDg- cbi'ru & th cE-obe bnaa =t tbandt o fe the la$ two yea hadbeen a confirmed drunkar_; butjsad that her hbd ba bxn lnst*uinenl i herW beci L o frorn.birjoelom uaddmti6i theri.-- . The hiumba, a dm3hnlo a , ohig ' situation, declred th&t54a the firt inatance, his wife -lad,left hira ad her children, and ki t away for 6 da mights, and after this he - left orer, but tllowred*6 ha a-week forthte epport of herelf and children.:- Mr. ?.ORTOI coonideredit mo Wreprehensible on the of the h dio-a kfbU children underthe ar of a. person who, ACoOrdingto Is ownadission, a Ao druna-ri.on o,Ws-w . gentlenrmtsad, behad no the-bushand o£t' the 1prioner very v wj, an ga,re'him bigh charcter is A; industrious and a rpectablen =ai. - . r -The prisoner, in reply to the chargs adta h et. Childv Ji;cb;saia d a, tle Za ^t of, hie, cidadcuebrtodn ngtdrunk,i,which state die wasfonud..w -Mr. aWo s ked her-what she had to ' tob the threat she had e when hbG had beei oawe, and atbe' staion-house, of aeptiiig to des ry. henself,-ad she r. pnrled th"t she had no ch intentio.n, and that the bAo'4le to atc e hher child's es.-e rthe caseirisaltether aw enentahie one, rndrenaned.the prisoner for w week.
S.2A1B and HAVAL' INTF1.fNCE. ^IajorDa Yoleyns of the Royal Enginesa-, died- at his Iathes' hose in Dblin oon the 17th inst. Thii galaant ubg o0l=er s only 28 years of age, and his premature &eniso wa the result of excitement and fatigue during a prOesasdsd sarvice in the trenches before SelbstoloL A- portion of the Scots Grays have arrived from Englancl zci Newbridgo, them to be sationed; ard- detach ments of the cavalry depOt at Mewbridg. ha.^vc been ordereato Athyj l=dare, Kiullllen, and the Curargh, to make room for tEm. Orders for other changes of cavalry in tne suth of Ircland were issued at the end of last weelk, but have since beern countermanded for the present. TheSSth and 41st depts from Templreoro are orderedto Ri.gland. It is stated in well-informed military circles that the 6, tha 63d, and the 2Gth Cameronians, at present on the North American statio n, are unaer immediate orders for England, and 'will be stationed in Limerick to be. tuited thero with the Dep6t ntt&liun. ,The following military movements ae taldng plac ina Seotiandc -TheSlth Reggiment has been selected to garrison Mdinburgh Castle; a detachment, consisting of three officers and 220 men, arilved thwe on Wednesday from Preston, sand another detachment is to leavo Glasgow for Edinburgh on Friday; the 34th wi also occupy Green]aw Baracks, zine miles south of Edinburgh. The depOt of the 92d Highlanders will leave Edinbnrgh Castle on Fiday for Fort Serge. The depOt of the 93d Highlandersi en route from Dundae to Dover, leaving Dundee without troops, On T-aesday tho band of the 42d Highlanders left Stirling C.istle for Gravesend. The dep6t of the 71Mt Highlanders IsexpectedtoarTivein StirlingCastleinafew days. The .21st Fusileers we ordered frora Bitr (Ireland) to Glasgow, asalso the depOt of the 2d battalion of the Ist Royals from er?Moy to that city. The screw steamship BrUns-ick4 80, Captain R. H. Yelverton, went from Hamnoaze into Plymoulth Sound on Tuesdty. The Cambridge, 78, having been masted, was taken into t'th new dork at Devonport on Tuesday to have her copper uramined and repaired. Her crewg ot tops over mastheads the same day. !- - ,, :The sloop Caila, 16, was pbced tq her sailing moorings -ut Daronport os Taeseday. The iron screw steam-transport Imperial, No. 188, Cap. tain Gibson, from B3.adava, with stores for Portsmouth, which% left Constantinople July 23, Malta July 31, &ad Gibraltar Aug. 9, put into Plymouth Sound on Wednesday fhort of ccal. *Yesterday (Thursday) 30 officers and 864 men of the 4th Regiment of Foot embarked at-Liverpool, on board the steam-transportPacifao, for Dublin. The Pacifie will return to Liverpool on Saturday with the depots of the 49th and ,Kth Regiments. Onthe 5th of September 3 officers, 150 men, 13 carriages, and 81 horses of the Royal Artiery vill sail fromn iAverpool for Dublin. The following troops, selected from the depots of the 64th, 74th Highlanders, 78th Hieblanders, 83d, and 86th Regiments, left Chatham barracks at an early hour yesterday morning and proceeded by railway to Gravesend, where they embarked on board the Earl of Balcarres for Bombay, for the purpose of joining the head-quarters of their respeetive regiments in that presidency, viz. :-64th Regiment, -35 men; 74th Highlanders, 45 men; 78th [Highlanders, 65 ren; 83d Regiement, 68 men; 86th (Royal County Down) Regiment, 62 men-giving a total of 275 men of all ranks ; and the following officers .-Lieutenant F. Dn Bois Lukis, 64th Regiment; Lieutenat F. D. Wyatt and Ensign F- :Rean, 74th Bighlanders; Captain D. Hastings, Lieutenant A. W. P. Weekes, and Ensign J. Sinclair, 78th Highlanders ; Liettenant J. S. Keddle, Lieutenant H. Gandy, lieutenant G. L Hnysche, Ensign W. H. Ivimy, and Ensign B. Charnley, 83d Regiment; Ensign S. W. Sewell, Ensign C. Eeane, and Ensign Howler, 86th Regiment. In nddition to the above, 25 women and children embarked with the detachments. Colonel IL Sandham, commanding the Royal Engineers at Chatham, has received directions from the War Depart. ment to hold in readiness3 the 7th company of the Royal Sappers and Miners, who are to proceed to Plymouth on Tuesday next, the 26th inst. Lieutenant W. C. Anderson, Royal Engineers, has elso received orders to leave Chat.ham !or Plymouth with that company. The depot of the Medical Staff Corps at Chatham now aunbers nearly 400 men, under the command of Major S. G. Bunbutry, and intelligence has been received that two large draughts of this corps are now on their passage home from the Crimea, which will increase the strength to 500 aen. Yesterday morning 93 convalescent Crimean invalids left St. Mary's invalid depot, Chatham, having xeceivedtheir discharge from the service by order of a Chelsea Board. Each man was forwarded to his home at the expense of the lar-office, and bas been granted a pension according to the nature of his wounds and his length of service. A board of Engineer officers concluded an inquiry yester. day afternoon at Brompton Barracks, Chatham, into the circunstances connected with the accident which took place on Chatham Lines on Tuesday during the siege operations. The accident is now understood to have arisen in conse. quence of the wires of the voltaie battery, used in firing the gunpowder, having accidentally come in contact before the men had left the lodgment. The proceedings of the board will be forwarded to the Duke of Cambridge. -The Russell, 60, screw steamship, has been taken into the basin and dismasted, and is ordered to be placed in the steam squadron of reserve, under Captain HaLted, of the Xdinburgh. All the engineer staff belonging to the Retribution, 28, paddlewbeel steam-frigate, Captain Thomas Fisher, have been reappointed to her to serve in her next commission. :fr. lWard, the Master, receatlyappointedby the Admiralty to the Retribution, has been decired. bya medical board incapable of active service in his present state of health. rr. Wvard'e appointment h= therefore been cancelled by the Admiralty. The Wasp, 13 guns, screw steam-sloop, Commander Stirling, has been put out of the fitting basin,and yesterday proceeded under steam to Saltpan Reach to take in her full complement of coals-185 tons. She is under Admiralty orders to go out on a trial of her rmachinery and for speed, several improvements having been made in her boilers and engines. * Thenew screw steam despatch gun-vessel Nimrod. has beenat out of No. 2 dry dock for the purpose of having her boilers and the heavy partsa of her machinery puton board by the factory shears. The new screw steam-figate merald was put out of No. 3 dry dock yesterday at Sheermess for a similar purpose. Both vessels will req ere to :'c docked again immediately they have received their hoilers ,and machinery. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant Thomas H. Greer, to the Inflexible;-Lieutenant John Nott, to the Retributioa; Lieutenant James E. Hunter, to the Retribution- William F. Hains, Master, to the Retribution: Wlliam Seffery, Umter, to the Blenheim; Samuel Sibley, Master, to the Tortoise; L. hi Yiallett, Midshipman, to the Wasp; J. T. Cammilleri, MUidshipman, to the Wasu; A. A. S. Watts, Mlidshipman, to 'he Wasp; G. A. W. 'Birch, Naval Cadet, to the Cesar * A. B. Thomas, Naval Cadet, to the Cnsar; C. F. AL Gordon, Naval Cadet, to the Royal Albert; J. C. Barrell, Naval Cadet, to the Brunswick; J. P. Bayly, Naval Cadet, to the Brunswick; T. Baillie Hamilton, Naval Cadet, to the Cressy; B. F. Ei. 3orison,uPaymaster, to the Hecate; Patrick H. Kean, Assistant-Surgeon (confirmed), to the Colossus - W. J. Lewis, Assistant-Surgeon, to the D&auntless; and William Henry Carter, Assistant-Surgeon, to the
Tan '; flFZF-SW. .-M.Danduran, a French civil engincer, now in London, ha invented an nuenions Sitl paaus nader this designation, wzhich he oxhbie on te srpentn on aednesday, bymeans of which persons wuolly unable to swimo, including even women and children, may be proteted from drown=ing under alD ordiniary circum3stances; rand in the recollection of all the calamritous accidents which have occurred this very summer, and are constantly happening from bathing, we are but performing a service to humanity in briaging an invention under public notice in the least calculated to prevent or lessen such lamentable casualties. It simply consists of two round instmments, made of tin, zinc, or copper, enclosed at both ends, each a:bout 15 inches in length, of the diaimeter of an inch and a-half at one extremity and four or five inches at the other, and constructed in a crescent shape so as to accommodate themselves to the armpits, where they are intended to be used. They .re covered over with any kind of light linen fabric, and fastened together with a few yards of strong niband in such a manner that a person can put on the apparatus in a moment, as if it were a waistcoat, and with orwidthout his or her ordinary clothing. Its bnoyant power is so great, that any one wearing it in water cannot by anY possibilitv sink, though IAholy unused to swimming as an art; end another essenhlal characteristic of itis tat it invariably, under aD circumstances, maintainsthe head and shoulders a'ovewater -Even to an expert person it would be of immense advantage in an emergency, in enabling him to rest at pleasure when hee had a long distance before him to swim or a tempestuou sen to contend wth, and it might be the means of his salvation in cse of an attack of c-arnp , while to one wholly ignorant of the art of swimming it would be of tLe Last inaportance, for it would keen bihmabove water -au indefinite ength of time, or until relisf came to his aid. Had Tr. Stavert vworn it vhen bathing at Scarborough the other day, we should not have l;eard of the casualty which deprived him of life, nor, with it, ivould the two sons-of lil. Cunningham, of -ing's College, or the ne3r relative of Dr. orWbe3 Winslow have met vwith Es deplorable an end If aIl persons, indeed, mado it a point never to bathe vithout the nan of M. Danduran's apparatus, the public mind would &e^^e every now and thentobe wounded by such sad accide,nts as these, 2nd friends would be spared the grief wvhich prestrates them in such cases.- The instrument is also inaLalable aSna aid'in learning to swim, enabling, as it does. t-he roice to la.y himself at once slun the -water without tshe slihtest danger of sinking, v;hich is the -first requisite to the acquisition of the arr. hL Denduuan will exhibit his appratuAs on the Serpentine about 30'clock every after3.0CI which the wea r will permit for a few days.
ROYAL VICTOrIA. YACHT CLTTE -P.(AnA. RYDZ, AvG. 21. To-day vas apoi ted.for the raeo o Her lBjesty's Cup, and for a conierable time this momning it was considered to be very doubtful whether aty contest w ould be practicable for the lewhich had blown throughout the entir0 night had ha;dylssettled sufficiently to asow such a slender craft as yachts to leave their mooring,s. The viclent wind was also acc^ompanied by heavy and drenching showers of rain which had the effect of keeping the pier completely clea of visitors. About 10 o'clock the weather somewhat moderated, aud it was determined that the race should take place, although somewhat later than the time originally arranged. The followfing yachts were entered to contend for Her iMajesty's prize:- - Yachts. Tens. Owners. Flags. Avrow .. 102 Mr. T. Chamberlayre.. Blue, white arow. Gecgscaa 109 Capt.Thellsson Be. Bce yellow, red, hied rents' I isxsquita 205 fr. F. B. Carew Red with gold M in centre. Extravaganze 43 SP. Shelley . . Blue wih ur white diamonda. Hespea ..30 Mr. 5DN.eonte ore .. Blue, Whte star. Brilliant . 480 Mr. G. Ackers . .. Commodore's broadl perat. SnurrEe .. 20 Mr. J. W. Tetley .. sed. 7ousve . 0Mr. Aran... White, with bac' crest in centre. Whirlwin.. GO Mr. P. Thynne . .. Blue, white crosg. Benite .. 65 Lieut.Ool. Freestun .. Blue Peter. The course was the same as in the previous races,zfrom Ryde to the Nab light ship, then westward to the middle buoy, at the entrance to the Southampton Water, and back- to Hyde. Twice round. The Arrow was unable to appear at the startin post, not having repaired her late accident; and the Brilliant, Surprise, and Hesperus declined the honour of contesting for the prize. At 11 45 the staring gmun was fired, and, as if by magic, the Maraquita was under way, her canvas being immediately set. She was followed by the Zouave Benite, Georgianu, Extravaganiza, and lastly by the Whirlwind, who bromght up the rear. This vessel, however, whose excellence we have had already occasion- to remark inathe race for the prize at Cowes, was not long destined to remain in so backward a positron, for she had not lOnD began to syread her canvas than, one by one, she succeeded in COm-^ pletel,y overhauling all her opponente, with the exception of tha Maraquita, and wyith her a fine stern chase ensued The Lilaraguito challenged the attempt, and succeeded in round. 3q the 1)b lgibit ship two minutes a-head, the weather 7>1 ceeeg i n Ly heavy at 'the time. Alter rounding he t+a the hraqLuita increased the distance between her ind ,ae'Whirlwlnid, for on passing the Warner -light-ship the ehte were tmed as Ifonlows. - -- h.m.s 2 ; Iaraqu1ta .. . .. . 0.. la2 41 0. -Wblziws . . . . .. 12 4t -o. 0 . ... . 12 47 s0 Geosgiana .. ..:. .. .. 12 47 35 Extravagnza 12 60 0 Beit... 12 540 AR will be seen by the above statement, there were 2A minutes between the two leading vessels, and the difference between the Zonave so trifiing as to be hardly worth recording; but soon after passing the Warner the Georgiana over- hauledi the Zounav and tookr t4ce third place. It was a very f splendid racel;etweer these two, for on passing hyde thereX was only half a mninute between them; On pasigthey w-ere again timed a5s under:.- . . h.m ra, *Mafaqita ..... .. . 1 . ..I'3 0 K Weoriald ... . . . . 590-- 190 Zonlave .... .. . ... . 1:I9230--: i t"va&aaa . . : .. .. - 1 12 30 B seniita . .. .. .. .. .. 1 16 0. The course from this point was up to the Western Brnoy. but during the whole rni up to the return to hyde their relatuivepositions had undergone but little change. They I pased yde, having concluded the first round as folio-ws*- .rita .. . ..I.... 1's3t0 Wbfirlwinde ..-.. - *.... .. ''-,1 5e 0 Georgiana'........ .. .. .. ..159 30 Zonave .... ..22 2 i trbavaganz . .. .. .. .. 2- 8 0 Eenilta .. .. .. .. .. ..2 15 0 On coming abresat of the pier tho Benita struckl her racing flag, and gave up all further share -in the contest. The others then proceeded-towards- the Nab Light for the second time. A! most excellently contested race ensued, but the A-samqit-a had it entirely her own way, and niever was reached. On coming abreast of hyde Pier they were again timed:- - b.zns Wbirlwind. 314 45 Georgiana .3 16 0 Zouave 3280o -3 ;24 0- The ERx.ravaganza] here gave up, but the Mraqiuit., Wirilwind, Georgiana, andl Zonave continued on the course for the second time to the vestern buoy of the Brambles.- A splendid race ensued between the Maraquita and the Wlnrlwind, and so well was the latter handled that in this part of the course she succeeded in gaining mnore tha two minutes upon her elval, for as they approached the goal one of the finest races took place ever vvitnessed. The official time, as taken at the vinning post by Mr. Charles Ibbetson, to whose kindness and courtesy-the greatest acknowledge. nments are due, was as follows. - . ~~~~~~~~h. m .: . . ar?3aqta .. ... . .. .. 4 2 0 , - .fileii .. .. .. ... . ; ii4 2 30 Georgians ....., . 10 Q : zouave ... . .... . .. 4.15 O The Maraquita was declared the winner, as the first vessel, notwithstanding an allowance of time could have -been claimed for her, but that under the circumstances 'Was rendered unnecessary, which is the more satisfac'tory. Lr. Carew is most fortunate in thus becoming for the second time this week a winner, frst of the Club Prize of 601., and now of Her Majesty's Cup. He received 'the hearty congratulations of the members on his good for. ture, and it is only due to the' Whirlwind to say that nothing could be finer than the manner in which she contended for the palm with the 3arsquita, and was only beaten in the extended course of nearly 50 miles bv half a minute.. ;On any.future occasion she 'will, to say -.he&least. of it, prove a dangerous rival to anyone with whom she may come into comnpetition, and her performances reflect the highest credi. upon MEr. Anson, her builder.:
HEH TUAMES - GATT.A. TO TEME EDITO T O E TI S. - Sir,-Permit me, with all due deference, to correct a small error in your account of the proceedings yesterday on the Thames at Putney. In the race for the gold challenge cup and presentation cups the stroke of the second winning boat, afiGr breakdng his oar when starting for the race, did not tumble overboard, but, in order that tho rest of the crow might not hare his weight without his work, bravely jumped into the water and sw4m to shore (although the tide was so furious) with great presence of mind, shouting to his comrades to pull -on steadily without him. They did so, and succeeded in arriving second at the goaL I remain, Sir. your obedient humble servant. A HI'" OF TE, BRAVE.
THE BATHING AT DOVER. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I should not have troubled you with this communication had I not seen in your columns of to-day " a defence of Dover bathing," calculated to do harm by encouraging a faise security. About 12 years ago, while bathing at Dover, I suddenly found nyself in deep water, at certainly not more than one yard from the steps of the machine. I sank, andwas take'. out exhausted and insensible by a gentleman who, fortu. nately, was in an adjoinig rachine. Had-it not been for his presence and courage, I should certainly never have recorded the circumstance in the columns of The Ti2es. I perfefly agree with the observation of a "Non. Swinnner" as to the necessity of some interference on the p art of the Dover authorities. Why should there not be a Doat alwys at hand during the hours of bathing, as on the Serpentine and elsewzhere? Until such a precaution is adopted, I should advise every "non-swimmer" never to enter the Dover bathing maehines. I remain. Sir. your obedient esrva,-d M.EDICtTS. London, Aug. 21.
ROYAL BENEVOqLEZCE.-The late Sir John Yilley Doyle, I.C.B., although decorated with honours which had been conferred on him by the Sovereigns of England, Portugal, SRain, and the Ottoman Empire, died in very straitenea circumstances, occasioned, as he alleged, by his not receiving a large snm of money-about 15,00Gl.-due to him from the Portugueso Goveranment as Commander-in. Chief of the Liberating Army in that country, although his claims were admitted to be perfectlv just by the Duke of Palmella, the Brazilian Consul-General (Antonio da Silva) at Lisbon, Baron Solignac, late Comyiander-insChief of the Portuguese forces under Dom Pedro, and also by lords Brougham and Cottenham, Lord High Chancellors of Eng. land, as being in strict accordance with the contract made with the British auxiliary forces. Sir John -at his death left a sister nearly 90 years of age totally unprovided for, and, this circumstance having been brought to the knowledge of Her Majesty through the kind. ness of Viscount Palinerston, to whomn, as well as Her Ma. jesty, Sir John was personally known, the Queen, with her characteristic kindness, has been graciously pleased to settle the snm of 50g. per annum as a pension for life on this age lady, and Viscount Palmerston in the kindest -manner also sent her 401. from the Royal Bounty Fund for prent contingencies.dfoprsn HoW " NOV' TO O 1T.-Sir Charles Wapier has returned to England, and has sent notes on the strength of Croastafittothe Mar ji?g Advert jeer.. Hrewrites :-"If E50 Eail of the line, and 50,000 men in steamers, were to attemut an attacl-, it might just possibly succeed, Provided they did not sink ships between. Menschikoff and Cronslott, and our ships did not take the ground in going in. it woad be necessary for the leading sbip-s to anc It wod bn the batteries. Those following should go. in andea= - the boom. If they -acceeded, we should probably overpower the fleet, and the steamers would landI thle troops on the sea wall. If we failed in breakdng the boom there would be great confusion, and there is no knowing what would happen. It would hser be necessary to have a strong reserve to take the plzce of the ships a'ainst the batteries, if they failed in silencing them, w'isch is snore than probable. If all wvent right, Cron. stadt would be taken;- and If all went wroni_, the fleet 'would be lost. N~o one, I think, except TAe T-ins, would have tried Crocstadt. They said it was not necessary to see how one was to get out; it was only necessaryto get iz. I have shown that the north paage is double-I miay say triple-holed; 'and four new- batteries built; so that passage is sealed. There are no guns on the north wall; but outside there are redoubts well armed. On the south side, between lisbank and the main land, there are two new batteries, w hiere rend assailable, and the passage up towards Peterhoffis hoalend also. 0On the ramparts there are about 120 gtuns, many of them pointing sea.ward. The carriages are not in good order. FortlUienschikoff is now fitted with platforms like a"shp's decks, wvith So2-peuders, where the seamnen are cs-l ercised in the winter. It is well ventilated, having no guns on the sides orrear. On the shore, inside Peter the Great, there is a heavy earthen redoubt, which points to the se0. There are redoubts all over the island, anl on the western part of it a new fortification is begun, right across, and between it and the town a chain of redonbts. The line wall is of small stones, like Bomarmund, which col1d be esily knockded down. There is a ditch, but no glacis. I forgot to say that the screw line-of-battle ship has 830en, ei eluding engineers and stoirers." mne-
SUMMX1E ASStZES. WNORWM.PRNw tElTPfTI - . ' - - TITVRRPAnT. Amr 91'- r CnGIV2X COUBT.-(BeforcMr.' rUStiCC. WILL ft)-tor quisiti6n for the sameooftence Mr. Brett appeared for the prosecution, and r. Aspinall ,MIr. BRmv, in opening,the case; said, this was a chup e p&inst tepioner o hdeieaemrr.fantr The, prisoner was a corn-porter, and the person, Into iliu cause of whose death they were to inquire was a -mastir 1i r. The dcl aswa standing i B unwc-tctAer. p ind the iniddlatl ofrk the day,onathee2th of July lait, wheti the prisoner-came down the strefe t,and immediately went ugptotbe deceaaedandaddressedhi In annLngrytnea.n lie said to Welch,- " We' have kntoin each otBlera lOng time; we have worked hard together;' and shortly aftrv ioen remaoked; " You havo been i to bfllsyin rdsWa amdong the ade" ca he fact was, the jury would that tne urisoner adaressed the deceasd for the sole whrpohe of mskiinga quarrel,' for they would hear from a. vitness who was standing near them a the time, that the deoeased said it was a mistake; as he did not strow c the prisoner. ls; thowever,wo said that he did know the decease,nd said,. Y om r FrankWelch; and I a'i Mile heli and he immediately strick the deceawea d _ b ilenty with his fist. The blow was repeated three or foiur gte anid then Welch went away to fetch a policeman. h eated to avoid the prisoner, but I[elia opassed by him, then tarmed balc, and, vhenl he 'lwt the idecea.ed, gave. kin violent blow under the throat, which knocl-ed r m down Welch walked into Fenwick-street to find a policeman, and thither he wAs followedl by the prisoner, who strucek -him a violent blow on the face, which caused him to fall straight down, and his head came in contact-withtthe edge of -the flags. He was picked up, and, while the people who lfted himfrom the ground -wer sapting him, so determinedn w the nrisoner to inueWlhtht he caine behind, and, over the shoudrso sm o he bystanders, struick the dTeccased several heavy blows with his fist over* thehead. Thus the jury' would find that the deceased,, withoat-havn any words with the porisoner, was struck by hinm fourtie as he was going away, in order that he might. a~void the abuse which -was being so gratuitously heapeda upon him, and that the -prisonier JKllowcd him, and, being determinedl to injuro hun as xauch as he could, gave Welch a violent, a h rutal blow,' which in'lthe 'end caused -his death. .- Evidence having' been: called t-o support this,statement, afsurgeoproved that on &post mortem examination, mnarks; ofvol nce -were foLund on the head, and, on removing the scJal. Large elotse of blood were found, correspondimg with those marTks. ;Effusion of bload on th e brain had been the cause of death. I For the defence it was contended, that the account of the affiay given by the witnesse was much exaggeT ated, and that the man's death had been caused by faling with his head on the flags.: Witnesses were called to prove that the row commenced by a dispute between the prisoner and the deceased as to half a- dy's wages, -which. the deceased said he did not owe the prisoner. Eb. BBwiT having replied, His Lonrsnic' summed up, and - The jury found the prisoner " Gutlty of Manslaughter." His IODsnip, in passing sentence, said, the prisoner had with the most abominable savagery and bratality killed the deceased, andaie must be zransportedfor life. William Parsonage, who had been out on bail, ei'rrendered to take his trial on a charge of having. aF'7 -lool, on the 24th of April, 1854, feloniously stolen .'of the moneys of the North-Westsirlva y C. 2n Mr. Monk and Mr. Si-eon eppeared £or the cut4cn, |and Mr, James, O.C., and ltr. :Bit for the uemsocner. IIt appeared from the ouetoing of the learned. ^0siel -ior IL. >- oseccuton; and fro^m the facts in evidence3, that; the i .t . ; eld for omne time a situation in the senvwico of the Iondon end YorthWestern Railway Company, whiea at L '-iat liimo had another person in its emp'.oy, naimed nalter, veho acted as- a clerk to the 'aoods manger, or -was cashier, or sub-cashier. It seemed that the occu~ Lti'don of the pr:soner 'was -to investigate caims made , by persons for damaged or lost goods sent by the com. juy. When the claim was received it was referred tote prisoner to investigate, and he then wrote upon the claim, generally in Ded ink-, such a statemenb of facts s his inquiries, or s;pposed inquies, would lead him to make, for the purpose of guiding the company in their deterrminatton either to refuse or sustain that claim. Raving thus endorsed the facts of the case on the claim, it wau sent to the goods manager, who eandorsed it with his name, and it was then transmitted to London'and laid before a committee or sub-committee of finance, who, by way of showing that it had been before them, stamped it wit a stamp. When the finance sub-committee had passed its judgment upon these claims, checks were sent dovwn to Livepool, blanL, in order that the prisonr might sign them, andan advice note was sent to the bankers of the compawny, so that they might be prepared to meet the check, and to prevent the possibility of forgery. The money having thus been obtained in ,iverpool, the prisoner made a statement of the sums wanted from time .t& time to liquida3te the claims, and these' sums were 'given, to him., They were entezed in'a book, and when he Paid the claims in respect of which the money had been voted he entered the sums paid, and presented vouchers from time to time for the sums he bad so received and paid. Be kepta- book, in which he entered the claims 3r,damounts, and on the other side the disbursements with the rersor for such disbursements b'eing made, and the aounti should have been entered. Thebook, however, was not kept with regularity, and- one sum, if not several sums, had been abstracted by the prisoner. Seveial sums that - were claimed were entered into that book; but' the disburseI ments had not been put down opposite to them; and in other cases there were no dates, and at other times the dates- might have been taken to represent any year. In July, 1851, 15 claims were forwarded, hut no claim for damages was made, for no damage -was sustained. The goods were delivered and received by the 'consignee, but no complaint wasmadeby him or byMr. Tins. '<herewere not any similar goods -forwarded about t at time -whi l could be the subject of a claim. It appeared that 'there had been found entirely in the handwriting of the prisonea clam in the following words;-" August ,18le5L hless the London and 2forth-Western Railway Company to J. H: Tinsley, debtor: To dama-e donetochains, 51 Onthis claim were the words "g. Pool," and in the handwriting of the prisoner, in red ink, the following words :-" The above chains were damaged by breacking through the waggon bottom and being badly cut by the waggon-wh6els fro'mn Wolverhampton to LiverPool. W. P." Now, no damage'was sustained, and a voucher was gven, of which nearly the whole was in the haudwi-itin' of - the prisoner. ' It ran thus:-" Wolverhampton, Sept. 12, 1851. Received from the London and MorthL-Wesern Railway Company. the sum of 51., for goods damaged. For J. T.T insiey, Villiam Parsonage." T'he Peculiarity wasthat the prisoner should sign his name to this voucher for Tinsly. ;There was elso a mexao'iandum written on the cdaim in the handwriting of tho prisoner-" Remitted to Wolverhampton." Now, wvhether that meant to imply -that the money received by the prisoner was sent there or not, it wlas a matter about which the prisoner only could give information. These, continued the learned counsel, were the facts of the ease, ith this eiceP'.ion, that 'he should produce before them the boek he had already referred to, and whvich was kept in a mostS irregular manner, and from it they would flndtherewas an entry made recently, wiithout the name of the'party and the other circumstances wvhich ought to beo entered; and whei they foundthat claim in the book was made in the prisoner's handwriting, and when they found the receipts being given in the way he had described, and signed for by the prisoner, it wlas forthe jury to say whether they believed thatthe 51., which they would find had been vonch2d as so much of the money he had received into his possesnion, was or was not the Si. in question. At thetimethepraionerhadprofessed to receive this 5t. for Tinsley. that. person bad been dead three months. lJnder a recent act of :Parliameti the prose- vution was enabled to prefer, in one indictment, several offences. Now, it seemed that a person named Rogers was in the habit of dealing with this company, and made a claim as follows:-" Liverpool, 8th October, 1851 Messrs. the London and North-Western Railway Company. Drs. to John Rogers. Au,tust the 22d, damage done to: one truss of mousseline delames,21. 101." Attached to thiswasthe usnal signature "B. Pool," and then there was acertificate, " The abovo goods were damaged by wet,, in transit from Manchester to Liverpool, Au 22d, '51. W. P."Neit, there was a receipt w''hh was presented as a voucher. "Liverpool, Nov. 22, '51. Received from the London andlMorthWestern Railway Company, 21. 10s., as per account rendered for goods damaged. For- John Rogers, Charles Williams." The body of the receipt was in the handwriting of the.prisonei, and they wold have a vitness state to them that there never was such a person, as Charles Williams kniown to- Mr. Rogers. The thirdi case was that arsing from a claim in the hand-winting of the pr-isore~r, and purpo'rted to be from-:s pefron named troutheels, elaiming.!for damage done tolOO -dosens Of paper, at 6d. per dozen, 21. 10s. T'his bore theimanal signaturo of the goods m,nager, Mr-. B.- Peel.- The prisonerws memorandum on the clai was, -"The above were damsaed by water in transit from London tol4verpoeol" The-voucher was a smilar oneto'that in theisst case, and was- signed, "For Wn. Troutbeck, Jonathan Amos." Mo such party as Amos had anything to do with MIr. Troutbeck. In conclusion, then,~ he would observe that the case stood thus:-They bad three instances in which he should show that, in the handvmiting of -the prisoner, he had affected to have ascertied the cause of-the daniage. Re connected the prisoner with the receipts in a greater or less degree by his handwriting, and on one of them he had signed his name on behalf of Mr. Tinsley, and affected to have the moneyremitted, whioh he had not done, and in two other cases the receipts were signed by unknown persons. He apprehended he should make out his case, and it would devolve on the counsel for the defence to answer on this indictment the charge that the prisoner had embewsled money, the property of the London and North-hWesterm Rail way -Company,- his These facts having been proved, br. JAmSMS addressed the jury on behalf of the ,risoner, contending that the prisoner was the clerk of Salter, and bound to obey hisCorders, and to investigate daims handed to him by thecashier. Xodoubttherehadbeenirrogulaxrites in the manner in -which this part of the business of the London and North-Western Company had been earied on, but the jury were not there to iquire intQ them. Their dutyMasto inanire whethertheprisonerreceived this money and stole it. The claims had ~bcen vou&hed by Mdr. Poole, who was not there to explain them, and if these vouchers were forgeries how came it that the. auditorz of the comrpany With every opportunity and. facility for inauiry, had not detected them., The prisonier ough not to be Mde a sEcaPegoatforothers who hadnotdaredto appear and give evidence. A His LoP3srmP having summed tp, The juryidcqutted the prisoner. There were other chagesaggnsthim-wbichwexenotproceeded -with. . ; (Before A1F2.. Baron tR cwn;,r. anzd cv Special JTry.) B}ABRD AND ANOTHER v. sIM SOLVF240Y r5UTUAL GUAR4EE CO5MPANY. This w3san,coeU on sn policy of insurance, grantd tothe pitiby theaxbe oompany, t oover' tho bad debts on i rettirn of 70,000.- .3r. Attorney-Genrl axovle, iMr. Hill,' Q.S1. -d Mr. Asplmd, sppr for the plaintiff; -r Waond O SMi. Qun Vor the defedxnts., , . a- d It iered fromthe o of the ened Attorne (ener,that ' t -e te w;ere an - _ o- pany at wancheit'' who undertook to inure tziderg %gins bad debts. The plintiffs returned 4o them the amount of theirbuessdone at 70,00. Vyear,,on which they had had an average of 2401. bad debts durng the last fxve yeas On this average, the -defendatat insured the plaintiffs Against their bed debts for 15. a-year; bua .the policy.w containd ertain. rules lidch proviiaed ,hat if the a d- debts in any, ooe year should e1 three.times the of the subscription the Enscription 'ahould be increasad 10. per cent.;, if 'E times the'animt, 15 per cent., and so' on.: There were also ctber deductions to be unde ari the rules. & Apr3n, 1855, a ira failed at Manchester, 'owing;,thel ntiff 3 0201 and t.his lss was duly notfied to the defendants - 'Mte niuch correspondence' the defenideats caimixg,vanous dediactiois, after adniittingthe claim;. the plaintiffi were sunrised to learn ^that instead of being entitled to the 3,uwting a gainst, their clim wxas aid to'-be onl 100.wenreu rding to the iy It andh ,a penedthat x itatsame month pr'ize at v faild in a paintv ;bt,-.bwingRhbem J1)Z, hc a duly notified to the defendants, h d the laim *mitned. But he uroiseofAh6defendaitS m03ight bwl ocie whnte xound tB3eW.7 defendants siel tm' i an account, themaccoding to theirW rul indebted tothedefendantsfcrimsc 24n. (Loudlaughte It was like the case -of the , olhmn it awho boug t th of a lottery-ticket, which turned upa oE ze- so 10?cad fo his sh ofwhich he. a - paid at goo, are. than fe ot, and who thanked his strs -that the prie d not been for 20,00 e., for a nt that rate he would have -bean aineid r. thelonh co rab .-Whl t is it to the daim.etoasetoff MrAVWatson? lnr. wArsoN.~-O my lord,, it is simplIy a case of deduction. (A laug.) . E On ez ining ther sof the poicy dit m oappesmil that- the tubcri. tion had o be ipcreos6 per onestcnt., and -with ohredcinthttlcamo419?Was x,ducd to 747. ls.,whih i apcc±d ws te olyamount thepla4in. Tisz having betu agreea upon by the leanea counsel a v erdict was tak en for -Ihat a mo untV. -- Mr. Attorney-General KMcowiEs-remarleca that it 'wasz foruntethelos as otdoble a tatwould have mnade the lsini~ cnsidrablindeted o te dfen dants on the rule apparedto e prper nesto prevent reckless
THE FATAL BOILEPR EXPLOSION 2EAR RUBY. The deplorable occurrence at the bleach and dlye works of Messrs. Warburtou. van Holker, H amnpsn Mills,, near Bury, briefly described by us yesterday, turns out, ont further imqTiry, to htave been. attended with miore lamentable results tawas at first stated. Upwards of2o*sosh eLe scalded and injure-d in various ways, in addition to the immnedliate loss of ninLe lives; The works are sitnate on the right bank. of the river Roach, and consisted of two parallellinies of workshops only a few yards apart, and connected At oneendbytheboiIerbdus%ithayehouseismedjat--yl)o,:n it. Theobolierhousesw~asthus seatedinthe midetof ablock- of buildings in which nearly 200 persons were employed,but, fortunately, owingto the early houir at which the explosion took place,.some of the workcpeople had notarrived. There were three long tubular boilers in the boilerhonse, one of which was new, and had not -yet been nub~ into worl:ing order, but was t have started on 2tiondainext in place of the one that was burst. The other two 'boilers were old ones, and generated steaia for thriee enigines, of 30, 25, arid 10 horses' power respectively. Theboilerthathasburstwas a high pressure and not a low pressuire onie, as stated in our former account., It had been in work 10 or I1. years,and hadbeenrepaired and fittedwithniewflre~boxen Thelastre- parhad been made aslateas Tuaesday.last.-TheblVilershad beenin care of the night wratchman during. the night, And he left them at fiye minutes past 6, on Wednesday morning in c'harge of James Barlow, the engineer, until the regular fireman should come to attend to them. The pressure at that timne is said to have been 30Th. to the square. inch, the ordiiiary working,pressure being 35-lb. The engineer had been,at work- about 20 milnutes when tbhe explos.ion took place. The belier burst-with aterrific report,the explosive force liftimg the belier from, its seat and reding -it into seven or eight large, and some smaller fragmnixts, and scattering .them in various directions. At the same time the boilerhouse,' the dyehouse behind, and -various buildings, on either side of two -or three stories high, were instantly destroyed. Buildings, indeed, cove'ring an area of jiearly 2,000 square yards were, thuis thrown~ into'. a confused heap, of ruins, amonig -which were seen Struggling workp-meople, quantities of cloth in various states of preparation. for bleaching or dyeing, and here andl there large framets f he eler orpotios f he machinery. The onl potios o irn wrk elogin tothe belier that were wiesae onewa ofore thogah-wi a r nl f overedt the ajiigbidns costervrRah n adis tane oftu70 orSyad.-Loiga-h ssfrun it sems mrvellus tatsomany ofnth vonke of le escaed ut f atotlof nerly20 Wehav beore adaftr te ntur ofthec~cgrienc hal bcoe knlown,e from parlent,cidren, Jaris relawtihes of3 those empoye wat the mill runninglce fwtraneal to the spotbl ine searchno thoeEr nartestmandeasttofthoem. oio. Rwashron,one ffthefis coul btfergrt togethe for the purimtinedto mturchte ruinse fhrasuc axtndwere buried ineo thes treck,bcwad andtefbovin isha lst of The suf,inferers erd ob nms zltinto but wenfirs JamesnBrlow, the engineer, hws.o wasousnd insathetfireplac. HeteoehdxpWrobabltbentfedngthehfire ida o the momen of-the' explosion;.o He hadstonaofthed fivrst then suffrer resuedgh, bud he haesstinevd ah fractuwreo the brad,lxtto!fendingdwiom ne anofro histmls baewrd, atove the ear. The head,sin'fac, appeharedfto be wlmoststnd two,e but when firs taken fromsthve, rein hyer,wasgcdicu andwh weavs l two spUdeak. el 3r. Warburto thathcle~ hdyeno ida 14f th4cus Jof-he auexpir blor herha sared 1vera- Trio dall no ght, fanydyher beieed th ale er l lediefre withinth anu hours- ofe his xtrcatinawdon. w. ams yaeas od andre has clefthn ahewidowandmthred chlden 8. TJoha ntComaive, blue,odyer, aged 60, who'g waged14 4.a Joghne. -and blue dyiaer, -aged 25. 5.wh had been ol recently married. -Whittaker work-ed at the adonn milo ess hmesadLve,and 'was passng he remsesof esss.:Warurtn ad Co. at thetim ofth exloson,'wen artofthe ruins fell upon noon. Injured.-As -we have already staed, more than 20 persons 'were oinjred, besides those -who -vere' kidll, Amaong the lis are the following:1-Otho Bridge, aged 18, head cut andl legs scalded; Henry Heywood, head cat; Peter Appleby, baidly scaldedl; Edward Hloplilnson, hurt inthe back; Will1iam Chadwick, le- badly cut; Richard N.Io,severely braised- Robert iOJteside, John. Ashworh, ohnRhifls, &&' Bry,JanesBrooks John Ma,David Mayor, two daughters of Oliver Hayes, Thomnas Smethers, and John. RamsbDttom, meore oz less injured. John. Brooks and Edumund Walker, seriously hurt, and doubtful of recovery. Wal-er wastak-en out of the. ruins three hours after the explosion, from under six feet of bric'kwor'k andl wreck that had fallena upon him, and his life was apparently saved by tw6oheavycast-ironL pipes falling acrosthe place where he was at 'work,' over his back, so as to keep off him part of the superincumbent materials.. The surviving sufferers have 'been attended by Mr. Bolt and Mr..Fletcher, sugeons at Bury, and Mfr. John Lancashire, surgeon, of 'lkiJngton. .They were all doing as well as could bb'expeated, considering the serious nature of some of their inurs,ytedymnig and, so far as could be ascertaineoth sptseiufarwrenl entertained for thelvso orote h l ubr Of the cause of the. exp Olso-2-AS it Wil TOr very eenous 'matter for inquiry atlte inquest-which is to be opened thisdday at 10 o'clockc-it is desirable that-very little shoud ybe said, -lest' prejudcue shnould - be' created before all the facts Aare Icmown.. It may Ibe .mentioned, ho)vever, that in one place ili0 hliaer 'was - worn nearly as thin 'as a sixpence, at one of- the rents, while the original thickness of thi&plates'was -rather mnore than the third of an inchi. It is possible, however, that this wearin away of the mata had escaped observtioni; but this,.o course, wfi be one of. the principal subjects for inquir-'hy the jary. After the explosion some of the cloth in the building took fire, andl sustaned a good deal of damage be. fore the fames could lbe extinguaished. The total pecuniay dmgcaus byth explosion. and '.fire is estimated akt about 3,0001.; n, So farast~he loss from fire is concerned -.Messrs. Warburton and Cb. aro~covered by insurance in the West of England Fire-office.
T|E RoYA: I Ri3my or OUDE.-The Queen of Oude anrmthe heir a-pparent, with their aite disembarked about noon yesterday-from the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer indus, and are now Sojourning at White's Royal Hotelt . above Bar, which has been enFaged and fitted up exclusively for the reception of the Eoyal party, whose stay- in the-town, it is rumoured, will eteknd to a fortnight. The disemblrcation of these illustrious individuals has excited the greatest curiosity, -and 3 vast number of people- congregated in the docks to 'witness it. The suite and adtendants are most gorgeously at. tired in the Oriental costumne. The Queen-miother -was br6ught on shore in a sodann-chair, closely veiled, and the same seclusion was observed in reference to thE landing of her daughters. Her Majesty, it is said, is furished 'with an inumense sum of money with vwhich to push her claim agains the Pust Indii Company and the British Govem. ment. The value of the jewels lost in tae led Sea is poi. tively stated at 50,0001. Ettrling. Major Bird. formSrly Aniiatant-Itesident- at Luelknor, is the a.ent of the Queen of Oude in this countr, and hab charge of -ho manament of the whole of IHer Ies ss afimars. AS T A PaL CE .-Oh S B zG DA, -Y, huirsaay Aug.2L-Admissionsso pvre 2,283 di b ys tickta, 282. Tot saito', 2,565 J tdveiseneot . -The OArmD of Italyl." prin1& Thaisasta ' bo&and 'Wi be xmd
