DEATEHS. On the 7U of September, IS55. at the Hutt, Welltington. New ZeaLand. 'mr. Octarius Smith,oangest n of the late lvlinam Smith, Ezq., of the Hudson's Bay onse, London. On the 11th of December, at Cawnpore. Blanche Edith, the infant daughter of Geo. i remberton, Esq., M.D., Civil Assistant Surgeon, mih pore, Beugad. On the 22=nlt., in St. Cement'e, Oxford, deeply regretted, Saeah,the vife of J. 3aTtin, Esq., surgeon, of that city, in the 50th yearof her 'ge. Oa the 29th nlt., at his residence. 3, Westbourne-terrace-road. after a lingerig illnes.. Lieat.-Colonel 3enry Hoghton lrvig,- late of the 54th and frmerly of the 4th (King's Ownl and 8th Rengiments, aged 59. On the 30th niit., at Greenwich. G. A. Oxborou6h, Seq., in his 40th year, mnth and dcesevedly regretted On the 3ist nlt., at Brough, Westnoreland, Jaue, relict of the late Joeeph Mlner, Esq., of Calva. in the same county. On thei st inst.. at Edinburg', of consumption, Edward Henry, only son of the late Thoi. Jones, £Se., of No. 5, Cbester-place, Regentspark, London, agedt27. On Friday, the lst inst.. in her 9ld year, Mrs. Aim Spencer. of Welford, much respected and deeply regretted by aU who knew her, esPecially by the poor, to whom she Ws a most liberal benefactress. On the 2d inst., at his residence. Mrarlborough-suare, Celsbea, Samuel Harborne. Esq., aged 67. deeply regrette,L On the 2d inst., very suddenly. in the 62d year of his age, Mr. HTenry Perkins, of 15, Brompton-row, late of Belper, Derbyshirc, most deeply lamented. On the 2d inst., at Eastbourne-terrace, Hydc-park. Charlotte Jane, wifa of Colonel J. B. Creagih, and daughter of J. S. Minchin, Esq_ ILB.SLa Consul Fa and £fle., On the 3d Inst., Grace Jane. the beloved wife of the Rev. John Robert Hall, vicar of Frodsham, Cheshire. On the 3d inst.. at Glasgow, Sophia, fourth daughter of Samuel Higginbotham, Eseq. On Sunday. the &d inst., suddenly, at Blackheath-hill, Eisabeth Sarah, wife of George Oliver, Req., aged 39. On the 3d inst.. after a short ilness, at the residence of her son, Gray's-inn-road, London, Jane, relict of the late Francis Pucdle, of Beterborough, ased 73. On Stnday last, at Clapham, after a long illness. Jane Amela daughter of the late Alexander £Fume, Esn, of Clay-hill, Enfield, and Wimrole-street. On the &I inst., at her residence, Craven-hi'l-gardens, Frances Maria. widow of the late James Taylor, Esq., formerly Member in Councia at Madras. On the 3d inst.. at Lsnsdlown House, Cheltenham, Mrs. Rilbee, ro merey of Glasgowr. On the 4th inst., at his residence, in. NWharnliffe-terue, St. John'swood, Wil1liam Chisholme, Esq., formnerly of Lincoln7s-inn-flelds, On the 4 th inst.. at Virginia-te-ruce. Do ver-rosa, after a protracted illness, Mr. Duncan Anderson, Icte of the Corn Exc,hane, London. On the 4th inst.. at the Vicarage. Midileton, Norfolk, thie Very Rev. Peter S. Wooa D.C.L.. Dean of Mod&dlehan, reeWr of Littleton, Mtetl. dlesex,andviearof Middleton, aged 70. On the 4th inst., at Chalcott House. Haverstock-hUll, Robert Wilkins, Esq., aged 77, deepy and deservedly lamented. On the 4th inst. at No. 16, Gerrarst-streel, Islington, Thomas Law, }3 2., aged Si. R.Iav. On the 4th inst., Mary, the beloved child of John and Juiia Cookes, of Bstead, Surrey, aecd 5 yeas and 3 months On Monday the 4th inst . after a long- ilnes, at the ho-use of hEr father, It. W. Blaker, Esq., of Cottearnoro, Sarah Jane Xansome, aged 25, wife of Cbhrles Robert Ran3ome, Seq., of IpswIch. leaving one cbhil, a daughte aged six months,
PIRLITAHEN,rA?Ry RMPVZMGF2WE, EOUSE C, LORDS, T,SDAY, Rm. 5. - Their IorAps met at 5 o'clock. '2hO Ear',Of SHAFTESBUYpresented a- etition frona to r. , ti openingt Crystal Iilace and the BfltiS fuse-un onthe Logfdday.,' -;AjES AND SALES OF SETTLED' T%STATES B11I% TheZORD'CHANCEIOLR, in movi: g the second rxadingof tlds bill, said, it was a sirlar-nirasure to one bearing. the same titlebhil& passe& their loirsi-}s' House last session, but whxich receiiod ilterat.ons in the other Housa of karliamenk and did: not ultin.ately become law. The principl alterat ion i ade by the 'ther Housewas the insertionof ai provision bywhichtheourltof Chancery wasprevented fromgiving power to gr int leasei where application ad been rdy frade to thi tots without C effect. Thi provsione ivaiintroducedwiQrefeireice to a particblar case;hehad aotadeped that altoration,.thinking. it better that. the netasure thould contan no generat clause which had refneie to agparticular ceseJ and-he had consequenly brought )arU the billrin.its original shape, d leavig the dher -Hewe of Farlia ntodeal with it s they pleased. Iordh haPBEe L hoped ohis nobe aind learned-friend 'wouldiiot sQ frame the bill that the Court of Chancery wsoald hiave the powaer to grant that ehich Pvrliament had refused to grant. - ' - Te ' d I ROUGDERRM entirely alprovedthe biUl. - ;tLerdCOICBy STEB said, that the-cffect if the bil ' vhich had b een i ntroduced on the pa of Sir T. lilson h'would no be, as nas gnerauly daleged, the epolosure of Hasinptead-heath, and would not be to deprive the public 'of any enjoyrient they derived from that favourite plce of resort. trohe Eal of DERBY confessed hc did not thi it iturea. i sonable to oy that, when questions of this kind relating to settled'estates had been adjudicated upon by Parlament, ithe Court of Chancery shoucdnot have the pwer of rewersing that decision. If thi- were the object of the clause introduced by the House of Comons, he did notethink it, anunreasonable one, andto leooked upon it as one to which their lordships might fairly and properlyassent. He thought ;it w;ould be entiret7y unreasonable,- however.,if, whBen a quesstionw of this sorta fad been simbpl under the cosideration -of Parliament, and had not been adjudicated upon by them, it was held that the Court of ncer could exercise no YTpower oith respect to itt f - t; te bill was read a second time. REMOVAL OF TEPOOR. lord BERSTLES rose to inquire whether it was the intentione of her Majesty's Government to bring in any, or, if so, wrhat measures for the abolition of the laws of settlement and removal of the poor in tngland, Scotland, or Irelaud, or for any alteration of the present sistem of local taxrationn? LoriISTANLEYofALDEIlLEY stated that itwab not the intention of theGovernnment to introdce duringthe present session any tneasure for the alteration of the law of settleIment. It wa,however, their intention to introduce as soon aseposleamesure founded upon the reconimedatios of the Coumtteewhc Bat to i re inhe subrject of the removail of Scotch and Irish poor. LEASSS AsSD SALEFS OF SElTTED ESTES BIILL- Lord BROUGHAIII, on behalf of Lord Lvinur.sv, presented a petition from the rietropoketaoand Provincicl bIwa. Assbelyation suggestig cerin modifications in thus | b31L 'CRIM1INAL TllS. T he LORI) CHA2WELLOR moved the first reading of t bill of an important character which it was desirable to have sanctioned with as little delay as possible, to enable the Court of Queen's Bench to order certasnerimnaloffences Ito be tried at the Cen.tral Criminal Court. When aL person was charged in the country wiith any serious offence which was hl;kely to prejudice him in the eyes of the neighbourhood, it-ws competent for the Court of Queen's Bench to remove the proceedings into that court. The case would -then be tried in ordisary course in the Court of Queee's Bench by a trial at bar-a process which was -not only attended with considerable expense,. but occupied a great mnouit of time, and was not a convenient mode of trial for felony. It was doubtftul, nnder the existing state of the law, -w'hether the Court of Queen's Benich had any power to s;end sutch a case to the Central Criminal Court, which was certaiWly the most competent tribunal for the trial of crminal offences. There were old~ authorities which seemed to impIy that the Queen's Bench had that power, but many distinguished modern authorities'enteitained no doubt that it had not. Under these circmiistances, and as it vould be ihighly impoltic in a question of this nature, which might involve life or death, to leave any doubt upon the subject, he proposed the present bill, and he would ol add that it ha the 'entire sanction of the lord Chief Jnstece. The Earl of DERBY inquired whether the bil was proposed as an enacting 'or as a decIaratory measure! The LORD CHANCElLOR said that it had been prepared simply as an enacting bilL - .' - -' The biU was then read a first time, and their lordasips adjohrned at 6 o'clock.
i: gOUSE OF COMONS, TtSDAY, Fm. 5.- .. w: The SPR&x took the chairat4o'clock. Petitions were presented- by Mr. T. PARRER, from the minister and congregation of St. Jiaes's, Preston, against !any alteration o' the laws for th'o observance of the Lord'sI day; ffid by Mfr. Hoxss rt, from certain inhabitants of LiEverpool assembled at apuablicueetingat St. George's-hall, against the opening of the British Museumn and other instituttions on the Lord's-day.- SABBATH RECREATIONS. M Kf ElNAIRn inquired of the hon. and leaned member for Cork whether he would objectto o ne his motion for opening thoBritishu Museua and Crisl Palace on Sndays, which stood for Tuesday next, as the,subject w oene of great iaterest, and it wasdesirable that the, whole question should be brought before the House? 1f r. v. SCULLY replied that theobject of the hon. ;e3tleman in asking for delay was no doubt to enable petitions to be presented in opposition to the motion. The subject, however, was one upon which he (1fr. ScUlly) would care little about petitions, knowing how' they were got up. He should,,however, comply with the hon. gentlemanW's wish, because another hon. member had'gZeri- notice of a somewhat similar motion, to which he should give precedence, and, in the event of its defeat, shouald tae anearlyoppr,t nity of proceeding with his own motion. Should the Eoa decide against that motion; he would then move that all the clubhouses in London should be closedon Sundays. Sir J. WALISLEY said that-on the 19th inst. he showld. bring forward a . motionj f6r the opening of the British Museum and National Galery after Divine service on Sanday mornings. THE CRDIRAN ARMY COMMSSION. Sir D. -L, EVANS wished to. ask of the noble lord at,the head of the Government a questionin reference to a passage in the report of the commissioners respectng supplies io the army in the East at page 37,-whether any information which had been obtaied by-the commissioners through the nedical ofcers, or otherwise2 would be laid upon the table of the house, as it would be impossible to ascertain the causes of a mortality ahioenting tdi 35per cent.in six months witobut knowing the rsirticulartdiseses thich werethe catsea of deathe s - - : Lord PAhlghSTON said, the commiioners had no insti*etions to collect any statistical information, but Colonel Tullochf who probably had sugested the uestion, had ' dustriously collected certainin tformationwhich would no doubt, be useful for the future guidance of the Government. ~That ,inform ation, however, did not ferm a part of the re- ort, but was transmitted sepa,rately tothe Secretar of Goverfor War, and by him comt mnaicated to the M redical De!otment for their guidanceuin ent idditiona measurswinh they might conslder necessary. It did not appear to him. (Lord Palmerston) to be advisable to ly that infornia-2 Aion before the pUblic, and, thezeforef he hoped the House soild be satisied wVith knowing that a ofierdential ofcor- dcaton, formig nolpat of theureport, had been received and attended to, and that the 'public serice woatldade veall the benefit which could be obtained from that information. .ELTIONS WIxTH, TH 1JNITED STTES. .T COhBDEN Aked whether it was theintention of the m, ted States. - The coiespvone'te relative to Central Amric W. ~LAhe believed, complete,vas'it had already brin .pubishe inr the Unoitedk OfStrC-at4tand;referrdto inexthe r- sidentsMz essage. With rSe tpec-t ote o therhsubteto r- re'sbndenco-the enlistmerit-qtestiei-perhape the noble' lIdoewoii say wh'ether the cormepondence npon that matter icanskhe oewould, eave be toid - t' te *Oni is cmpltd ofcud twllb adbfr t henHe in -odrthtienyb in poa¶eaionofb thoe tul hn ntr moio -'Y .whc B heLI had givn otire reativetoelsmn in the UJnited States, &£c;, antil after-the corres;pondenace had benlntd onrthe tabe Movemen -- - dV EDUC TIO ~ A SCOeD. ; _ Isreply to iMr. EL.oT,; . - ThejLORD.ADVOGATE amid thit itw his intention ,on-an early,day' to ask.Iexre 't introduce a bill ,to ulke. 'btter ilEonSiOu for eduatafe'a Xn,ScotInd, , . - SAr W.CBA said Ie move for leae tob in ,:- IRISH TENANT RIGHT -'' Ws.-yhe.would~ s'lev tobrnga bllt emnst tenant~ forthe improveme,nt ,ef,la,ids sirnad.i ' w-r,oui bnnfowar 14s- mons a -frtthe i Fblzn3±oftbe' *J~o; ace,io iofpaee,dfKnici n*tl ver,sn a±isso comnigsoiX thestwed ithout tZs'a~ beii xc^eeded; and,i gb6' l*ore.~re o g gBm a.n HASTIE moved Xorf 5up of the number of Gsboclk companies. fornied under the act'ot lastyear with:the.nrmes of the ;di±ectors,- -nuimbern -Aud amout 4 slares, and the Abject -for whkih tlhe company enued^;and 'of the-nufber'of, pplicationa not comp&edunter4he ct jto6eeherwithte names gf the partise vo ipplied, the *mount of capital,. umabur and amout of2 e&~res, and-the object for .whlchthe companies were to. be toiliL-d.-greed-to ;.', ,,..-.;-,-,. .7,- O _- ECCLESIASTICAL COURTS. -. ' . : In reply fo Mr. R,-.ORP' - - o - - Lord PAIERSTON sai', --it w.s ei i-nteitibn,f the Gsverrnent 'to -propose. a.meae fdn the reform of the. ecclesiaaical,courts during the present sesion. , - - ' :-PQ,SXLSERVICR TO -14EA . b ,D. 3fr.V.-SCULLY askedthe Seoretary to the -Ibrsn whether there had been any contract or correspondence with the Tie&sur , or any Treasury minute, with the view to im-provtethe postil and' passenger coinunicat,ion'between. act-of last session authorizng azrrgemnentsifor that4pupose; and''whether th're wfas -an aojctontoproduceiuchdofiients 2,. '..'- ,Mr.'IILSON said, the House. would remember that las' session1 aprivate billas assed -yvvhich the Dblin anad Holyhead Steamnycket oapay. 'w iacorporated. with the, NldrthWestern and 'Chester aid- Holyhead Railway Cortoj ave.one .kvicefromjLondlon to Dublin: By: a. provisidn in that act9it. was not - to take efect uiitil a satisfactory Arrangement- was 'made for the conveyance of the mails. The Treasury hal' in consequence, leonsideied the whole subject during the recess, andthe result was: that - minute :was- drawn-up in- October, by which ;t was proposed there should -be- one day mail ahd one night 'mM instead of.the''tvo, existing night mails betwveen Lbondon aftd Dublin .and that the:service should bs performed iD,-not less than tL hours;. EO that -passenges and mnailsnmight be forwarded without delay to the provneces., A: comumunication had been made to the Dubin-Chnamber of Commerce to ascertain their opinional iether such arrangIe, ments would meet the requirements of trade, and a deputation from the Chamber of Commnerce was now in London, Everything was settled, and it was ,only necessary to piepare theformal tender of the sum for which the joint companies would perform the service. . I -Mr. 'V. SCULLY said, he should movefor the production of the Treasury minute. ' - Mr. WILSON said; there would be no objection to pro-, duce it. . - , THE BANK OF ENGLAlD. ,Mr. bLYN begged to inquire of the Chancellor of the Exchequerwhether any stepshad beentakenforgivingstatutory notice,' under the provisions of the act 7th and 8th of Viatoria, chap. 32, to the Governor and Comrpany of the Bank of. -Enkland preparatory to tbe' revision: of their charter.? and wh,ether it wvas the intention of Governmnent to institute ini' before a committee of this House, ornothervise, into the working and effect of the said act?. The CHANCEILOR of the EXC IQUER said,-The exdlosive privileges of hacking givea ,to the Bank of Eugand bj the act of '1844 and other ac'ts are declared subject 'to redemption upon two conditions. ,One is that a notice ofrlot Iess than 12 months shall be given to the Bank of Englad at some time subsequent to August, 1855; the other tlayt the public debt dueby the nation to the Bank, consist. ,;2ngbf tII,01,OOOZ., and also all arrears and interest of a sumn of 100,lOOt,amentioned in the'Bank'Act of 1834'; together |with' all Exchequer-bills and Parliamentary fuunds which the Bank- may - hold at- the time of the notice, shall bezepeid. Those are the two conditions which -mnust be -fulfilned in order to extingaish the exclusive privileges of the Bank. It is further declared that I a vote or resolution of the House of Comnonrs s2gni fied uAder the hand of the Speaker in writing, and deli. yejed it the public office of the Bank, shall be deemed- aud ad,dOed to oea -sufficient notice. In answer td the question pit~ton~ 'by my hon. friend, I beg to state that it is not .the intention of theGivernimnntat present-to tak-eany-step forjnt,ting an eiid to-the exclusiie privilegesof;the Bank of 'En6Isnd. With respect Wto the second question, if'it shall aipear that the -uembers of this House generally iish that there should be, early in the sessionr - Parliamentary:in-a: quiry into the -resent circunstances of the Bank and the operation of the'emistina Bank %Act,-the Governiment will -not deem themselves justified'.in opposing ny such ,eneral wish At the. - same,-time, they are ecie ay ofa opinion that the peculiar -relations of .theiBank At a time of 'war, when, large. remittances of bullion to foreign countries must be inade, and the , extraordiiiaryand exceptional -state of.Ithings-thereby.created. aze -'mfavourable for .the examinatfou, of. the affinrs-of the Bank (Hear, hear.3' It Ts thte)fore. th9ir, opiijion that, atalle;vents, at the pfese't period - of the session, 'it is - un-, desi'able to' Iae'the:ParIia=ntary inquiry which my hon. friend suggests asd it is not their intention to submit a inotios or& theapginotent 0-uciaoo'ninu heaak) - - ' - ~~~~~~ eas, ' LUNATIC ASYLUMS -(ELAND). ' Sfxr MACARTNEY wished- to wsk thb Chief Secretary fo-'Irtland when the report of. the commission, appointed' last session to inquiire into-the expenditure for ereetng certain.lunatic asylumsinalxeland-wouidhe laSd&,pon the table zof the hbuse2 ; .fr~ t IiI:QH N, said they were ready, aind would be laid o'n thj table. , - , . TEE PROPOSED ARIMStICE Colonel:V)UNE rose toaskthoeFir;stLordoftheTrea. -sury whether it was true (a stated in a French -paper) that an armistice had been agreed on between the allied Powers andjRuiiia; and, urther, aveth4r this armistice.extendea -ta iperations by sea or to those carried on in--Asia - - - 1. rdPALMERSTON .-One of the arrangements agreed to. at Viennawas,'first.of al, that prelininaries of peace .shoulatbenegotiated and signed, and that afterwards anairistice should be arrangea between the , parties. :: Bat -thogeepreliminaries are-notyet signed. A&'protocolhas been signed at Vienna, and the prelin, riestare s to-be discussed. by-the plenipotentiarieiatlParis. Itis not'until aft'erthose preininar-es- shve been diicussed.-that-the :question of aiarmistice can be taken into consideration>.' ': : ' SirD. T. EVANS wished to mnow 'wshether directions would be given that the Rusian Govermment should not use the'seafor the transport,of tiroops and stores W while the armistiew Tas pendin,g? - - .... ,- t.. '-. , -Ord PALMI STON'.-Ariisticss are-of var!ius idnds andi;nvolving many conditions according -to the cases in 'which they ate conclitded. I stated just no'thbat, although it greed that an armistice should follow the conclusion of a prebmsraarytreaty, yet of course, - until the terms of .that aristice are'discursed and settlek it .oulda be quit .prematuqArO forme-to slate whatthe terms of that- armisticema be. (Cheers.). - -.. ' - - The list of members excused on accoumt of age from attendance upon election committees wais then read. It appeared4that the names of Sir J. Graham and Sir D. L. Eivans were omittedfrom the-likt, and both bon, gentlemen caned the privilege of exemption. fMotions were also agreed to, -excusing Sir {:. Greyand Sir -C.-Leewis- fromattendanze upon election committees so long as theyshaln fill 'r tely the offices of Home Secretaryand ChancelIor.or the Exchequer. . . : - LOCAL DUES ON SHIPPING BILL, |lord PALMIEBSTON having -moved that, to-morrow being Ash Wednesday the House adjourn until 2 o'clock toimorow aftemoon, ,--LordHOTHAMaaid, he did not object 'to-'the motion, biiui as surised to 'find -from-the votes,: that the Vice- Presideit- of the BPoid of-rade bad -put down vfor a second. retdi4g the bllnhehadinfroduced.list niht.a-bill not yet . .printea and in the hands of members. -(Hear.' -It wasonly mi iccordancewith established,usagetbatin ameasure of such vasii,p,ortance fuU and retiooablett:neshouId be allowed for eohaderation . - - no :- - Sir ,G. GREY.-There is no tetioui f faking the second reading of the.billto-rnorrow. - y right hon. friend (Wr4.ciwe) ws ab6ent whenithe bil wts read;i fist timoe, and; m t hoen. 'fiend3 the Secretary of the Treasury, fixed th6se ondreadingforrWednesdayi`6 ordet, that a'dayahoId 4 be named. CItwsso statedatthlue-time ' (Mr L MAIJNSJdo* that ample oopotunity would be.' given tor considerin, the- biLls .on th' lointStock Compa-nies aid3;LimiteatfabiEty. The- second reading stoodfor. .to-morrow afternoon, when it would be impossible>for comrmerl and legal gentlemen'to ittend. - b ,' orLPAIWBRSTONag_ped that, -however much the Gover?am,,ef mi,gt approve of tfi- bill,; they ought to fid - ample.tihne for their date consideration. T They would certainlyinot come onto morrow. (Hear. * The!otioon w,as then agreed'to. - RESIGNTION -OF W,IEY' - '* -. '. IorA PAl R, ON,.-'Sir' e to propose that wihich. I am' s ?l hn, mem1>ers,wl feel to.be ntot leissgratifjipng tD thems, lves than due.to the gentlesan to whom Iamn about to,ief r: Wehaejualc;sthae sricealof a4' offherof this:' {is HIs ouse enterhig s ju tdIX sense of X distinziiishei and exe,mplary manner in which WihIiasLezy, Faq g. late CIerk-A W,itant of this H9jm se1 nsornildma c < tited fheuties of -hs iugtonags logattei daloan 4.the table.of thisfEbjse. ,Vhaee*) , . ... . r DISPLAII in-secondingthe motion, said,-} iie,; on the part of the-gentiaen bsittiig- upon this side of-the house, to express the greAt respect-theyt feel- for- the eba- and aervicesf -thie late ssistana lerl -andthoir hope that in his retireneth ke-wdl ehj that leiisue which he has s6 ,othiloe- ued.' (Cheers.) ' ,T,he cnotiQu ws,ge,ed -- . . t ! P13BLIC INCOQME AND EXPENITTURE. '' , WRILLIAMfSiovedioYi iaccosit of thre public ,icome ad' 'expenditire 'of the united 'kingdom iax ,.each quarterof the year l55, stating the cost of collectiont in each of the revenue depairt'bst,including- the wobds; frestsi and-land -revenues Df--the,rown!1made out - in the.arie foruiias the account of the net ,nco;t 64e spen. dituie tin the quarterly retauns preseuted. to this.House). The hdn. gentemkwaid; the .ilate: Chancellor of the Enchequer had- promnised: hiz .that qUa2t+ey returns of the gross anoulit of revenue aXd, into-the:E;hes.uer,l.h,on1 be furnishedto.the' Hoiu'se, biitliefro -that prvc lseoould be perfonned the right hon, gentleman-left- offlce. .}e had *since pressed ,the subject upon theSecreb3ryof theTreasury-, twho had ,lsopror} to'lay thotae retrsbefore house, -hutb had never done so. Laslyea&r, however, in consequence of-a request .from .him, .^ qirteiltl.returni bid been ,fsited, but it wvas the niost codnfed acco,unt he had ,e,ver, - seen, expecilily with regaLrd tr tho . xpeudituire -of th9-Crown- lands. ! tp,ro,v,ed, howev,er,7Tthat t.he rgiosi annal amout-of.revenue.denived from. the. £'iowi lailds' in'1854miws' thereaide bin egcnedbyth dpathen Exthon the sa3nctibn' or authority of Earliamutn. lIe contended t,hat the revenue derived. from The Crowvn landsi was as muchipublic 'property kaS~ revenue- derived from 4ny. eothe'r, source, vud~he, eould nob' 'coiiceive how suchi large snms could be expended. honestly 'wiTthoutb being sccouunte' for. -He' found.-that ,the. revenues of the Duch of Lancaster- amounted in 1854 to 42,0001. ODIY 1,01 of that sum was paid to Her Majesty, .leaving 24,0001, to> be squandere'd awiy- fin eenditure,_ which am~ounted.to 60 per cent. for inana~ement. In the same -year the-recei tfrom the Duchyof Cohiwail, which- wvas the-estate eftfie Prinee of Wa,les, and ought to be looked -after as public property, were 63,0001., and 'only 39,0001. -wero paid in, lIeaving a bilauco f,or cxpeiiditire sad 5quAnqering of 24,ooo1.;wliich 'auhounteti to 407 per cent. for the managementbof that prowrty.' 'The amount paid. to-the trnste was laidbout m'the' funds. as property belonging to the Erince, which he would enjoy when heceame of nze,,- and -the larger the amount -of. that pro. pertyt the less would,.of course, 'be Vrequired for his eivil list. The House, therefore, had a greab inTterest in- seeiu~ - that' this property 'was properly 'mana,,ed. UJpwards o! 10,0001. were psid-out of the pulie taxes for the Duchy of Coruuwe3I, in oon3ideratiois of a certain t3x on tin-which- had hbeeu p~aid,~ b,the producers oF-that met,al having been given - up. Thnese were-coizsidexatiors ilich mzaae at imperative on the-Hfouse--to rq iIesuh'-aeeounits as-he nowv caUled.for; and ll,)O B.ought nob' to. 'oe exp'ended. out-of the- Crownu estates- withoutb any kno'wledge or ,sanction-oon the part of Parliamuent. H e dared to say that heshould be told bytheChan4dlidr of the E:xeheq,uerthat these item,s were !to be found-somewhere or other in some book. ' He did' not deny thst, or that the money vwas oxpenaed. fo he did not suppose it was pocketed; hut his comnplaiiib was that any part of the mone,y should be oxpeuded without 'the- sanelion of the House. - The measure of theoright hon. member £or Oxford University showingr the c03t of collection of tEe revenue was a most amportnnt -financial. 4neasure; yet it was nullified and rendered nugatory because the gentlemen of the Treasury were afrid, of the country 'know ing how much-was taken froiuit. ,The hon. gentleman concluded by proposing the mnot,ion.- Mrh. WVISC)1f would not follow the hon. gentleman throughhi&nunierous topics, but would confine fiimself to *the suDbit to which the motion referred. The hon. gentle. man was 'quite right in saying.thab t4e m~easure intbro,duced by the igt h, oz. member for Qxford Xniiversity, twoKyears ago-wasa nmeasure of theverv greatest importance, but its im,ortancewaas not of that kcind referred to by the hon. _entlemr, -b2ecause ,the whole of the indormation respecting Ihe-collection of the revenue of each.department had been tornmany-yearTsstated. in the fmnance ac,cou,nts. The great :-object of thle bill of the right hon.-niember for Oxford Uni-. ves-sity vvas -In bring that ex;pinditure annuhiytunlder the review of the House in ,detail, in brder thnb the House mi"ht liotvo what items it. was. composed,, and impose such e heck as -it might deem, necessary. This had been done for ,the last two years, and he should in the present year lay simla.estimates on the table. In its passage throughi --the HIouse of lords the. bill w.as denuded of one of its important elemuents, for the; Snprvision of the superannuations of the Costoms wa.s struck out of the schedule, and if the hon. mnember wduld mova for the rectification of that defect he woild receive ample -support from, the Govern. ,ment. -As'itwas intended. in the present year to layon the - table an account of the gross and net amounit of each branch * oft,he revenue, he hopedt,he' hon.- gentlemian, finding his ,object attaine'd, would-iviithdrnwvhis motion. -With regard '.to the Wcods'andporcsts, he-was not able toans er thehon. -'enjtIemanEs obsexvations-without notic,e. -Thibt department was c siereRd.ts boexceptPtnaL, ~ifsmueh as -the Govern. -ment *l hl,dbha~t'~brac'of - the ievenue in trust for the Crowgn, and it had never been dealt with iht - tle eamo marnnon as other branches.. ' 'h - - a8irH ,1 TtLO1JGHBY- observed taiuheDepartment -bf 'the Woods 3nd Fo'rests there wras -a heavyD expenditure of a'bout 10w01)01 yenr. without any control whatevez, and the.accQunts of the countr-y could -notbe considered COlmplete unless the same estimnateswere framed with regard to the'Woodsauid-Forests as in respect to every other financial -branch oF the ,eo,uhtly.'- --The CHACELI.OR'of the EXCHEQ1ER said that the two questions raised by-the hon. 'member for Lambeth ,- :and the hon, baronet the member for -Eveshiam- were of a totaUl' di£ferent niature-one relatinigto the mode of keeping the public accounts,-the other-to& the check, which P?arlia. , neht !ughb to exercise over the public expenditure.' With regaird to the' first question,--as. his hon. ,friend the Secretry to the easury had already correctly stated, Sthe'wolamounit of. the,-re,venue'received, ,,e,luding , the expenses of collection, had, for many years past, been. - anrnually' la,id. betbor ,the'.H,euse. ,As the isoliecti6n of the:re'veniue'vas thotughtt tol;part 'of the ptei,ogative of- bhe Ciowen, the 33seciutive did. not fesl hound. bo trbposo an :arniual vote to' cover - the charges thereby' incurrcd ; but- the -practics-was ' to deduct theil from the gross revenue, and-to pay thernet amount only'into the Exchequer.. Two years ago, hovwever,-the -right--hon. genlemu N'e,memerfr'the Uiniversitv of O.sford infro-of .coliectin a certainL portEon of.the re.iuenu,mIudmo the VustonrL,'the~ Post-offlce charges, pnd' the 3nland , -Eevenub, wrere to he voted ,aiuahly bv te' House ofkConaisuns,. and; -,the ,gross' revenue - erived front - those: sources ws to ho paid '-into- the lxchequer; but; this principle, howevur soundirL the'case of departnieits in whichiulI the o£fcersWier'e ad .by regularly fixed salaries, could not be made applicalbe to the revenue of the 'Crvu lwhnds,the-expenLsesinthe management ofwzhichvaried 'ofeofitsse very much, and 'could not be silau]ated.before-hand 'vithnany certainty. T!ihe right hon.. gentlemnu, -there. fore, tdid not exteid the prov,isions of h,isniessure-to this dejiatunient. He would njot'fail'to consilder the qiestion suoggested by the-hon. baronet' the msenibe'r forE:vesham,'but at preseit h-e f elt houndjto 'say tbat'he'didinotihik it 'pro. bable:r thiat lie should be able to sub tfiymeas';re on the ,, subject to the House this sessiom. - -' -'- -- ' - , , r afewvwors,froAs Mr. YmLAh the mlotion wvas winthdrawvn.. - , . .. . ..... , O3T A-E, ,g[3OflOTh1H-FOIJcE.': Si,;GREY- -tE~efLt'se~to'move' far leavetbigu )i11 io redei' nore: ~effldient- the p#libe in countiesauid | -ou in i England. and;Wales. -The right lion. barorlet 'to a question addressed to iie by-one of the menners for - south D,e,von, that, altho,ugh it w as not-t,he in,ts,ntiou of the 'Government to proposeaanymeasurs-etatyear for the purpose of establishig agesneral systm of poliee throughout -the country, yetbthat mny attentiou awould-be directed-to-the subject during the ireces: ~and at -a later period.the hon.- membder forESent withidrera bill whwich had passed a second. reading>, after smu1ari,ntiipation-rmre.: Ifulfllnert- o-that pledge I now propose to afk Isavefforu the HEouse tolaytup,onjthe'tahle 'blsfl which is--the resbltbf -the best eonisideration and attentiLon I-have-been nblseio give tlhesub.l -yect. Tnsh,ills~ not prepared vi'th's view to stablisih one uiitfokm system of police throughout the tountry jindersoe cestrj.l h,ead, similar to th4i ' de&-by the cornmis.'mo'n of 1839, whic,h, though it might theoretically be- called 'the bstsystem, wrould not, I asni' frai-, rue't~with mu~ch s,nppqh ixathe coautry, frons-its intt4xfering so largclySilth :h chiffe,kent tlocail aultlbriteie in - e6odnkies-ad b,oro,h4i whb,se hands: &t~e mnagemtsrent of thiepoflceis I ow vested. .Miy o~jqct is to prov,ide asee,ieh'uoi*;ifo,rces -both for- opnties and boroughs, as is possible under the existing ts. - temnr,f local manage,mcnt, I,donot phopofa o'tane'up- -the t4ne of-sthe Hous,e,5b ybjtering: ruo-itatisitins'to provet -i jthecassityfof a polic,e fQrce.or.to-si;iv- the ieSxuit wh'ich' -hver foliowed in those counLtie,s and,lio±*nhs'vee'idnckaj farce xas, been establishesd. All those; -factsi have-been ebal. 'lectid. bi' the eo rw1ibie svo atini853, and. nny-beoii --el firs report. '- That' commibl2se -gveea fo arfig of ±eiqlutions, some unanimously, and oer b-.r'.luo.'rity, 'vhich Ithink are-deseving, of; th& ttIihtio&W of the *.'Kouse. They' resolved';that the failure of 1id-eie~--tink 'R41alIPolicAe .- c tto p ade^ eneal stabula foroc for' *therlplleventionlof.crimie at securityopoty is ewing to ,thepltrAlssive character at those enitents,- ii *they 1Tportwd their opinioi of the-avants,-m'or'aoe..l,ad.- conopical,in.-thwe distiacta whick hid Ad6pt6d; ratxir#1 police, ..ai - sitanthtba resoluVio'they -hit.b& w ba 1whle adinitting eth' nsefis'eii of-- mperihteid.'! Tig cMonilbles, ., appointe& ,iixdehetb ;I6th 1o i ?fa thoy regarded tfem is. ie7in ato-j-felfil ZiBe'd .Wh.iRlic*,,foc*-, e.- %ii X 60e cQa, ioti commission of 19 two actsi were paed-e 2d lAd 3d gf Victorhia bap.. , and tbh 3d and 4thJojf iu -tori cp. 88-founded party on thi4tidenee ol1ectedij .otional *iith the justices, of a yiyloto ty odo iptcomtt J6s m'may conshables are to b&pjited %ubievt, !soi~evr,' ,provis n .that the number tljotexceed one ev I 3,QO'oDf theinhabitantg. Ih e of Si* er L toaake tules-for- treitF jgvetnmeiit- c inl ,',areineits.. chief cailcAW appad ' bythe5acesH . to *sbetohipofvtheAto, _463t£itj'ndai-i constablebasihe thuieto w r enogs f'ganomtmgie a i1k ji;n Tojte;the resAlt. as beenthsatrcotntyo t force l isndei a particulr thse Vvic 4 w ben.hies po pocuntie3 to aedirai teselvsofthe .cts aof oce isbede * dlsevenrttie - There are - 24 counMte,s. inceluding two ridings of Yorkshi4e 'which have mik t ~opted the act, Tere is a great fho in the pro. : portieo which the 'polioe; bears Sto 'the popul;tissi in j, different .tounties-the- highest, propm'tioii-j- -- jI' |l'-ieve, I i31. :,128,int ihcounty of. Southimtor4 the ,lowest tis 1 in- 5,333 in the county of Cumberliad."-l -come-nobwto the stateoof the laww'ith reoardtdiboroeghs, andfin!the case of thesethe law -mikes- that 'nnti ve' Which5isopti?fliRlin oeUitie. By the Mfunicipalct, 5th'andaof namigt., hap. 7b thewn couisof eorporatelioXrough arebrequired to uppoint watch mindittees, and,l tl5esb watc comnuttee3 are reqiuired t-t appoint a sufficient number of aut honstables tot -keen thet tpe b;s-;,dai and- nLight 'within the borough, -and -to pro. ctQ l the rsbons in pr,operty of the- inhabitants Boirmmgthem, ho eapciedt folree force thnperfostabEsyihedan buaintain ed; but.in other cases the result has beeI very' different, and that notwithstanding that the attenationof the authorities .has, beemtl repeatedly ly to',the inadequacy of thco serune-ofen, owin to- ditirbamces in the borough or the onvmediate nerghs bou~rhood, '-they--have applied for troops to perform dtht Lwhic aought bprime y to be dischredby the Vice. Itsll, aentiona,ewboroghs in hilhtihe lce foree3 adequate to the wmants ef the pla,ce a In Stockport, with a pZpMlation,or 54,000 npersoet there wfere, ontil a short time aon;oly 15 consta lea,, i consequence .of a circular whceofthe Iduesed to theduthoritiesof various boroughs that number has been increased to' 24.- -,n. Wi ,an. there are 11 eonstablec' to a populatior'of -32,000-'an Ashton-under-Iine, 17 eonstablesto a populatior of -aiout 3i000. It is impossible tosaythat these-are efficient police forces. - tehere is no direct means of eniforcing the per?orm.* Maci of the duty imposed a pon the councls of boroughs nd,Ewhlle obeying the -letterof the act,ithe lorporatonsA 1iaiy neglected its spirif;, There is, besides, -aarge claiss of o;guisatinowhich,n og n t,he smllnest of theirtpopulation, itis impossible that a really efficient police, forceecan be. raintaincd., There are no less thau Ot boroughs, ~eaeh having! a population of less than o,OOQ, whZich are within ,the' rovision3 of the Ifunicipsi Corporations Act,- and have a jurisdisction altogether independent of the'counlty iri which' they ame sit'uated. While the powers f boroughi constables appointedunderthatact 6xten-tothecounty, countycon,stabl,eshave no correspondingpower withinthe limiitsof borouig Inthe3daud4thof Victoria,cap.8,whichwasthe second! Constabulary-Act, there was -a provision- that for polic irpnriss bordughrinight, byvoluntaiy agreemen% bhe imit,d-vith the coun,ty;. and of thisprovision 13 boroughs, having a population of about 62,000 persons, have availed t,heinielves.- Snchibeingthe law, and such having been its resolts, I vihnowastate to the House the plan which I shall submit to it for the improvement of the police, both incountiesand-boroughs. It is impossible to deny that -aftertleexmerienceofothepresent Consaulaiy Actswhsich have-leen inforcel6years, andafterthetetunony which. basbMeen borne to thebenefidall- results'of their operation whorover they have been adopted, tho time has come when the existing-optiorn ought -to abolished, -andthere- onght to be irmposed-upon justices. of the peace an obligation to adoptthe proisioisoftheseactswithin theirrespctivecounties. (}Iear4. The first provision of the bill, therefore, willbetc suabstitute for the option that- corsipulsory obligation.: do not, howmever, .propoSe.to interfere withazy of the proons of th&o'oldacts-with regard tofiting the number -of 'co'nstables, the appointment of chief constable, -or the control whicbthe magistrates exercise over the county coustabl'hlk. Acting, however, upon the fifth resolution of the qom,mittee Df 1853,-I propose to take power to the - Quiee in- council to compel magitrates, in certain cases -whore it is expedient, to,divide counties for-police purposes into djstricts. The resolution of the connmittee was as follows:- 'f Resolved-ThAt where-the ,popuiation of separate dis,tricts witbin the same county differs in amount and in the ,chracter of its 'employments; and- conseouentlv in its re-quirements for a police force, an equitflble'adjustment'of -thepolice'-rate to meet those cases should, be provided for by teactment, and -that such, an rrangement wold' tend'to-xremove the objections now partiall%-enterfained against theitdoptioni of tho6luraloliieeAct.- I ,nbx -propose- to--give -to coanity--constables; the. ssme7 adtlhoritywithifi boroighs ituatedin the couty for whichl 'they -ctsa -the -constables of 'boroghsi now' exercise lhisi tb i ud;. n which r the :bereu-hs -are situatedand likewise to extend the'ir authurIt-, llikethbat-nf-existin -borough!constables 'a eertain portion -of-the-adjoinig ,eouxfies. WIth -regard- to -boroughs, I. do- not.wish -to. take, the manage ment of the police out of- the -ands of the watch committees and' the justices; -but I piDpose to, give to the Secretary of State the siame power of- inidng rules for the government, pay, and- clothing of borQugh onstables as bIe now possesses with respect to th'ose of the county. Gentlemen who represent orreside *in .countiesin-whichthe countypolice is established well ]cnow that a series of regulations was, soon after thepassing Sof the acts to which I have referred, ppared bythe Ghoverzmoent for the adoption of juitices. ose regnlations are, I boiEeve, genersilyacquiesced inaspromotinu the efficiencyof the countyconstabulary force, and Ithinkit would be most desirable to give to the Secretary of State power to-makesiiilarreguataions in regardtothe policeforcesof borouehs. Coiunt constables are at present- disq,ualified from voting at -or; takimg part in county elections;- and that die- oalhificaffon l-uropose to -extendlo -brough -coustable. A.In-h6n. bfasmc-" Parhamienttry elections?i As: ',tbe billstands, it refers only'to Parliamentary-elections, but it :rniy-be 3 questiou whethier the disEqlifation shouldnot 6x- teh, dilso to municipalones. Iproposa to'requirebothcounty band.boroigh constablesto perform. all duties required of tliem by -jstices in quarter sessions or watch committees of -boi'ouigis, or, by, regulations made -by the-Secretxry -ofState. A gooe deal ofd e viaence vas giveno before-thekcomr -mitted of 853;' and may be found in the appendix to -the report of.that.committee, - showing that aw considerable 's isy he effected bysnpong 'upon the county police , the performane of certain fondtiom which -do not interfere -withtheir'ptimar,dutiegas policoconstables,- and which may be ffiost efflcientlerformed by them.-A ,&nother provision'ofTho-h;ll. will g fve to the Cron - powei to appoint inspectoretoinquinipeiiodicaily intothe state and efficency - of dllunty amid-borough police, such inspectors -to report to -tlie-Seeretary-of Shate, andtheirreports-to-bhe subseequently -lk lbWfore Paiuiaimient. l now come to the seventh resoln-flR qf- the eomnmittee, 'which recomuended that some iszance should-be given by the Government to the esta'That res6luti6iinio =inthete.teiins e-- - x'the -country ,>'f'solved-That, taldnzingmto cons-ideration the aid ~afforded (hiit3ierto partaly and~ graniousy) by the oisl- >polic%for the protection of- the revenue, t be 5cr- vice itshasrendeied'for -the mairtance of order, andin p'rormoting the obserxvance of-the lavrs, in reducing thecost e-f'prosecutions, and the effectual protection it givesto Lfe a idproperty ofevery description, bywhich the holders of ,, laige amount of -property not -contn1iuting' to the police tiate-are greatly benefitted, it is the 'opinion of your cotf-mnittee tht it - ms -a matteworthythe consideration of the goae w1sether some4aid sbouldnot .beafforded-ybthe Go-'vernmnent towvards defraymg -the cost-Iof- ai- impreved and wextened system of police, vrwithout essentiallyinterfeing' withr the localmanagement of thatforce.!- - I Theoimissonof 139 recommended that, in the event oftheir system being -adopted, ope-fouxth 'of the-exaenseshoul4 be-defrayed--from-the eonsolidated frid,wvhilethe otlher three-fourthsshoulldbe deriVied fromcounty-rates and other local - oures. - In:zddi ion to Ihe ailments urged i,jtt tEime in favour of .thiiss-ion there occurredmoreT recedt.y circumstance which gave to-it considerable weightand1aut4oAiit I allude to the importanV alterationtht ivi sriniti ed -that same. year. by the aiblition, -in -the inaj,lty,ef criminal cases, of the punishment of t,ngr:ta: tion andthe substitution of a systnim 6f entl servitude,qmiilifMde by the- pI R ofgra 'otfig tixieta of leave. or 'retouable- licenoes entitling. the MonsW holding thetm to-,reaantheir-iberty 4terthey h evedan allotted p L-'of''',their sentence. - -This- practice of 'nitueg tiket~ of leav'e - was-iiot, howrever^ aogriinal' icidenteEV"the lienal -servit6de -ssteni - --It -was, I on the ;oi4raty, an adjunct, so to .speak,-eof -the old' trns. ;oriitio sLytemng and byireason-of itl a very largeexpendio.tire,of whichtthe cblomBmtsbitterly6o pTinTed,`waMncurred, y'in-A*traia under the heails of:policeEand gaols. YUpouthe' abolition of transjo -mtibnAhcit ilure, whichhaIs-been Ehapjilinprocess' of--ninotiqn,aiaf which at:is:t-be-- 'hoped wtill now com vedy disappear, was iltogetheri,t niin fert6dto this country,aiiLdalereiF, therefore, the gterr _- - t h revnu q tim gthe --- - renswhy a portion- of-Wtvohst-ocf at aintig tbeioucej sfofdbe borne by theZeneral svexnn6 of the nto,So !~ct 'fiOfretend tofiix aii, pat'ticulWlir sc,m$o oePmIdant Of ther colndibotdfind on account of the'diee talhslihnidnq-ik-r ,any'dounty or iboroughk; but what I propoeseismnefflictthis-.- ihaft,iupon a certificate oftheSe6retauy-of StMeattestinthe gificiencyv-in numbers>aiid:disciphisiedurmgno- the prevednt .yta.o,f tiepnoicefamiy4ountyorboriiough,-atshaWbo-om - ,peteatfos' the&Treasory 'c±py'-et- 'of--oneys to-epo,-- -ild bySP,arliaent a ,tint n ieM obHli-'of3thW9 wexpenscsinburr',ford the m t a,nd-elon Pcd, pbowng uad d geve,that x uchGove'n etb i itici-d an.ddtspmsta,b.l,ea,'altebiider th,e 3d +ndJ4t I fXctotis;, ?.hap. 88,see 12.' .;;(Heari) llhe-Xon4sis,,iu ~sted * :~ cosistitute &flxbd:andueeleha.rgeuvpo .;yll 'elst,ihe.paowrad~b imam1etLt~si tt '. ,tae thth Me Goveiuent as exercised thae-athoritizwcn~-i idE£to itik a'' ji,djciaus,sd impEls l 'nannet.' ZI:tif Er6 iLtonary 'pofwr Ti&giveit to the Goversrent it i2 , .14) w I - {TiRoIe -.hsAth iut$-nat;b$e to 55pxevE_tp ixmfieske -~hi1t; aawu :&ilvewa 3xlpevents - -irsPi therc sh d se:. 6 tb n e-nunie Bta:ilti g t;snbda th6i.6 c g o d.ub those in whose a dc~~~~~~~a ~ ~ lol of xnalshtras to do'w;at might be neecesarynuorder to p lace the police establishment upona astiamtoryfooting. nthe whole, I therefore thought it better not to ePar- *_liainentto plc°e inJY lapowe±qnthei hiotbeGS l:* Snert; tandl- am mnore thn ever-oonvin6od Lotf £ ;of_-i si6f itn EuLt an authorit * I:ri jn:b wu gui would bent" 7for-* to-gtii * cst;aI,liah a seOXWUW of m nuffic- maiverlu in itr i SDbir *c&tin.- amstter cne~diihtiilty if Thtof absota ianpotsbl4 incew we cnot bu iiea ' t ase -to2a boa s sffi tieia mirnsn fori iTditrit efth veoUlatrit aliiht., be altogether'iadet o 'the mexits of another diIferenl cicii L" (HeaafearA A iscretionry power t the o ie at, i 'maitates and tccomi tees to eb4ig . sp thet;.oaicet uhatate.f * . iae aaest.OpiG t;viqhIwllod'advest is the nimendatifti of theceomn. ;oners with- respect- -to-tbe- consolidation: of -aI Iboroj . It cannot be deniWd -mthecs f srnnilproughzthe object we havdnvim wouldbematerisy promottedlEsueliaVroceedin out,on theotherbn,£her ±etintlie matter of represeutatlons andin otherre~sgeclau salidation that wc-hnvc-thougitit betterstlG for ta presentl not to insiat on susch ea msure> As a -general t-.hereforc 'we do not propoethu compulsory conmol ation7of boroughs; 'but- it is-b be mde +jji from t ais arrangement are-tobeexeciedths 64 borougs to whichi I Lave radeyAllud not h piptO manto to 5,00. Asit isobvothatinaes socircu stanced there- an bes,o.efficient:polic I anIcss ubon thl 'princi*1& of consolidation, I propose that iereshallrbi *1 n ssstanc fzrom the asu x any lation did not at the: inst census emxeed 5,009, (Hear4 Thstierew*ll be-no inducementIto'the o na 1oroughs to. .l i oof from the surrounding- comuauties, hut rathe ithe - strongest. induoexment. to -ie. common; cause with the county next adjoning. glear, hear.) ith aiview, moreover, to. facMlitateg 1oosoli thn did tod prevent the offering of vexagtns- obDtructions foipracice -whidch daniot fail to operate, benieficially, the ond3 tf nao the rprersentationT of th e ,tono i of any b rOne , of,hatsv&rpo.ulation, tat teyhavc appleito the na isrates of the coni ty -for. consolidation, ad hit either through indsposition on the purt. of the atices:or -beCiUse$. of some dispute as to the terms, their ippLle-tIonZ *S not gented, the Queen- shall .have poer. to definc by an order in Council the terms on which- the consoliaaton shall be effected, Fo that no borough shall iav> to emo'nlain that it was excluded from the be,nefits of th act. (Hear, hear.) The question of cost now remains, and, vsithoutattemPtingtoestuiate ccurately the wbole expense of theproject,I shoud be disposed to say. that 20D,0034 would more than cover the burden or the publia revenue. ,(lar, 1eair.) Owingto theecuiartatreof the la*saitdj reulations affecting the police in-Scotland, it Las not bees ffount ticable to exterd this -b5ll fo that part of the Darated =rmgdoabut a specia measure Is prepxtioijf by -theLord-.Advi -aid!thee4fisi tedecost for bhcountriep ivill not exceeda2,000Lor"23,O0L T-h'e-bifl whjicihlJ now askc the permison of the lIouse to-introduce may nd'naeeot. the views of those who desire- a stictly uiifdrm 'ystem. o - olic&; but fliad no-inlbition to ftanmea bill *bich' h dwever perfet in theory, had little chance of being adopted by Farlianient - (Hear, hear;) - My object vas rather to pre. pare a hneasure which, hi]e it rsects the present system of local inamfagement and"corporate control, will terid -to .increasce 3nrs anost teriaregee7tihoe"eficidencyo theL county aefiorbugla polikethrouglioutth e6omi1ry. (Chceers.) P-AXr:J. P.Olz.--I h;aveheara,-Sir,-withverygreat. plwisure fEe statemeat of thernght lionbUonetrelstive to ont of tEe, most, impostin ja6qt 6Ei ted vith hIS de. paitment Ind I must alsoexpresp my sti9faction-that Her lifajest's Gdvernment -have atlength deterained to meet, the gen,eral wish entertained by this H7oute and the country tht .this qUestion shoUld no longer be leBi in the Umeertadi statoein which it has stood for xaznyyearsn but should be deydcati,veydeathbjthbiteLegslature. (Hear.) Itisgratifying'likAse't4 fiDdthatthe Geimmenthavewiselyresolve& to comiply vith 3 the recommendation made by the coramis-sion *hih sat as long a4o as the yeir IM3, and of iwhich. you, ,S'ir, were a distinguished member-aaunely, that theo cost of 6ircintaining an efficient police should;be at least partiallUy' ore by the genie-al revenues of the country; and any only *xprehension is, th;at the impression prodIced on the Ipublhinind by this mexanre will be that the terms - which iRoffegr can hardly operate asabufDicientinducement to onL. ties and boioughs tointroducethemewarrangementf- (Hea,.) For rm;self, I could have wished that the . Government h#4 shown I a disposition to contribute more lberally towards the-exprenses of the country police, and then the system o_ingp*ctership wvhi6i the right hon. gentleman v ery judiciously proposes, coupled with the poweri of wiitMrAwing the peduniaryassistancie of the State.-in-cases where the. reports'astothe&effidcenq.of the-Xorci.were unfavourable, would hae been likely to prove moze atisfactory. (Hear, bear.) 17 will not now, hoevere, express too decided an opion on these .pints; lierely-throw out this. Suggesion for,the, .ight hon. gentleman's fature con. aideration. The next inportant feature of. his plaai is the-grptoviibr renermit a compulsory on. al counties to esta. lih'-a rcral po7ice, a *iroposal to which gi'e iny unqualfedaihision, as I believe that anythmgshort of it must *necessarily fail to meet the requirements of the case and.1 -iuzarwith the right h6n. baronet in thinkin' it 'very iDlprobable that any ounty wll hereafter hare reason. to, -egret the constraint that this bill wi impose-m-on- -it. (Hear, bear.) As to the county with t-'thlc I -wn connected (Wocester), I can s with -confiaence in this matter. In the year 1539 it became myduy, as soon as the Rural Police Act passed, to propose itsIadoption in that county. The proposal was assentedto, ind, iltougsomedistisfatioi was felt for t time on 'account ef£its expnse,yet since then the general feeling of rthe coutylas been that- of contentment on the subject- rnd lst autumn, indeed, the number of the police in Worcestershize was eonsiderably increased. The right hon. barobet t4nched upon one of the mnost dificlt parts of the, :questionin undingto the sentiments of the boroughs Tegarding their . non-amalgamation' with the counties. It is. well l;nown, thlat one of the t|hief. and almost the only obstacle encountered in those counties 'which have adopted. :the rmalp6Aice has iprung from an unise and vnworthy jealousy' between boroughs and counties respectng thetr police. I(Hear.) _'The- night hon. gentleman proposes a, remedy for this evil, ihich'is a good one as far as it goesviz., that- as the liorough police haveinoiispower to at. within'the counties, so the police-of each county shll-have power to act within the-boroughs. But-I ithatohe ha.a gone':further, ands proposed, .with regard to the sma-ll brnh-king,- if.-he pleass, hislimnit-of 5,O00inbabi. tensts'-to inakeit compulsory on themi to 'amalgamat'e theirfo with that -of. -the -counties. In my own county two. small boroughs have availed thethe, power of effectiig tlhs junction, and the Tesult baa been most beneficial; thEe oroughs never 'haiug had cause to repent the. step which they took: (Irear.) lmayhave. misunderstood the rig*t hon. gentleman, but there seems to 'ne to be this5 defect inhis scheme-that, while he rendesit compulsory on the counties to introduce the Polioe Act, he does notdefine the extent to-which the compulsion is to go. I quiteagree with him-that it. -would be unWise to attempt to assimilate'the polce force in every county to one common standaid, so as to produce: a uniform amount of forcethroughouttheentire country; btittit striies methat,follong out his-cwn principle,' it would be prudent to prescribeome wWmuyj, as.comparid-with the popnation lisloW which they should not be allowed to descend; et&erwisel aiL afraid -he will ind as he has told us to-4ight is. alreadythe case in eertainborouAhs,that someof thecotuun-esadopting his mesure will -have it in their polier, while, complying-with the. letter, to ei'ade the spirit and intention. of the law. I will notdetain tlie House -with any further commnentssorithis bill,'which,.i be shortly before us;* hut. I;ustepress my hope that this question, which is-wholly -veiovq,d iom thesphere&-of party politics, rwill be-ealmly andimpartiallyconsi&deredonallsides. (Hear,hear.J Thegeneral outlines of the measure ieemaoto-me to be founded on' sound $nXlsfae Principles 'id, -so far as my humble influence gdles, I shall:be sost read- to-lendmy-assistance to theGoveriment in asriig- it-thr6ough this House. (Hear, healr.) ' *. - _ NFr. . H3ITAMTON thought the measu was conceire. znMaspirt of nIoderation, wiich oughto'bespeak for it the- air.'conaideration of every counymtgmeroer. IHecr) The, 'enf"' 'eot- of a-t n inimm number of police- for each, coitt as suggested by. his tight hon. frend who spoke, last,- would be very undesirble; The large countywbich heiepresented (IAncohnhii-e) wasabeady suIflciently-provided, 'or-narly so, with a constablary force, cithont- the intro-duction -of --ny cosyills,or ,measure to-icrease-it Heb - wohild hive the bill h'surpp4 b uii se, ;al2hough coercive I in- sfnue of its,provisions, adet StiteI liable -for a portioi,efthe expense that would attendits'adoption. A few- eaiSago an inquarywsistitutedeistowlhat addition wouldeecessarytothe onya esi&dertoraisethernraliolice. of i3ncolashire to"the tndrd of two of the -adjom g? iconftiis; anditwarfot,n dthat:'they wouldlrequire to bedoubled. gNow;be undeistood! the- right- hon; .sitleman, (S.ir?G.! Grey) to propose .that7 the-imiount o3if tlie Stite's eon-tributibn towards the!pten-: oEf the -ounty pblice should. befixed at the disiretibnof2ie-SBcietary of State-. ; ir G. GREY.-,Thlexight1on. gentleman makes a. mis-tAhe. ractically, the contribution, of the. Stae w-iill notexeedl one-fourth of the enti ene-; .bit wheever,he' inpec:tor reports hANt:{ie-i 'co o.fany4county- ar .- n d?se"cne-And the Secretary ofStgstehe woulAnote .jiied in granting the ceftift othe etentidon *hieh aXone the amount ean. -bbe whtlsetb-s tno:portionteverof tnece to of naintain thp6li6e of-battiunty'syiaU-be , , e c , uir . - . Mr'.hA3fTL LN-6iidersteD, heN-that the county' ~pollhbfwbic was rportedt Ueecetwudr. kd`t refic -ei B-Iefox-f ttexesadiomr.E ireG;ux .I' 1 be ~ilhhteJiailubped tbatte-proportlobvof.the.c6ist -to be. that-and d tent police Iotce *iiia4bc o The do ifand hit doing ~Vroiet'haZ maC ila-hlei.~ penerenere tnecessarythat ainoreefcetplc houl beetablished and if tbAt wastegnrlfeige hecountry, he ( fr.Deede) would readily afford any assistsnoe in hig power toward rang a good a measure as -could be devised ior arrying out such an object; but at the .ametinehebifust say he did not think that a necessity e^forthe ppliCbtlion IF the siepcibli ts-vert Zpat of the counrY ; " 3Cr. RICE had listened with get Satisfaction to the utatement of the right hon. baronet, and he -had, also been muac gratified to find thatthe prnciplo of the bill-whichhe bopled weld receive the sanction of the House seemed 'to be geueaUy- approved.- Heimderstoonthat the certifttate for aprant was only to be given in cases in .*hic&- the '*ipeCto-s and the Gdvernaient were satisfied that an efflicient peice hd been sbished, but he believed that con. djtiou would he comnplied with by. every county iii Eng- 3 r. BUCK expieued his hope that an opportunity Would . aMbrded for maturely conxiadering the various provisions d*f the bill. Iord LOVA]?E believed that a measure of this kind Vs imperatively called fof by the state of the country, but he thougt some of theprovisionsof the bill would reqre. veryclosaandcareful consideration. It had been shown - e!ore a committee of which lie wag a member, that in some Imouogis the watching and lighting coromittees, who bad -the tontrol of the pohee force, had -not acted with justice andimpar'iality, and, as he understood the bill, it did not veopcaqtointerfere with thepowers of such committeos. It abeen sated that in on.e town in englspd there were 600 cerhosses~ that a maiority of the persons who wereomemhers of the jightiig and watching committce were holders of -such gseperty; and that 'in consequence of their iunence .ovcr ie police it was jinpossible to rely on the proper disilro the duties of theforce. As he understood this. 4ibiD, it would not impose any eheck upion such proceed. - a e . ir-. ROBERT PALME had heard with considerable -satsfaction the statement of tho right hon. gentleman who dnt:;duced the bill. He had been oppoed to the Ado tion .oftho RurAl Police Act in the county he represented, chief -otaccount of the expense inevitably attendinz mch j.-rangement, and which Ee did not think wouId be cor- sted by equivalent advantages. That feelin was iredby the great body of the ratepayers, for at the hst 3Eldsummer sessions it was determuined to adopt the Rural 1'alice Act, and at a subsequent period a memorial was preaented to the Court of Quarter Sessions, signed, he believed, by one-half the number of ratepayers in the county, repre*sentisg nearly one-half of its rateable property, begging the magistrates to reconsider the qestion, and not to throw upon the ratepayers a burden which they -conceived to be unnecessary. It was, however, -determined, by a, very- considerable majority, after ,auch discuLssion, that the provisions of the act should be adopted. He wasglaa to find that this bil proposed to 1throw some portion of the espense of the police force upon ihe nsoIidated fund, thou he thought that proportion -wa scarcely large enough. 'ossibly before'the bil went into comnmittee ths right hon.'gentleman mnight come to the conclusion that a larger proportion of the expendcitire might -airly be borne by the consolidated fund, He (Mr. Palmer) Lad always been of opinion that if it was proper to establish 4 police force in a county; the establishment of such a force noughd to be a Government measure, and the country ought So be responsible for its support. It was quito as much the .dltc oE the Government to prevent crime as to punish it. tne Goverement had, as he thought ieth great propriety, 'ransferred to thf consolidated fimd the charge of prosecn-aos, and a portion of the cost of the maintenance of pri-Boners. One great-argusnent forthe establishment of arural. Jpolice-forcewas, that it would tend to prevent crime. If -that wvere the result, it was to be hoped that a considerable omountnow paid for the punishment of crime wonld besaved, -ad the country at lare would not be a loser if the charge bor the police was thrown upon the consolidated fund. If he understood the right hon. gentleman, it was intended 'that counties should be compulsorily divided into districts. 4Sir G. GREY.-" Not in all cases."] He might state that an the county which he' represented one great objection to the establishment of a police force was, that it would be ard to charge the western part of the county, which was' nuch less populous and further from. the metropolis, and Lhad therefore less crime, than other portions of it, wvith the' support; of police, which would be chiefly requircd net by 'themsclves but by others He would not now enter into the detaiL of the meare before them, but would simply 'express his general satisfaction at the statement which had ben made by the right hon. gentleman. (Hear.) Sir H. STRACEY believed that the state of the country -emanded such a bill as the present, and that in a short time it would be much miore acceptable than it now was. -From our late experience the natural presumption was, -that on the return of our troops from the East they would Ie subjeted to a system of centralization. In such cir,Cumstances the troops would not be available as. they formerly were as a police force, and we ought, there-fore, to have all the advantages of a uniform and general pollce. (Hear.) He trnsted the expenses would not -g riven by the Government with a nigDardly hand. If the -pohee force could be removed whereveritmight berequired, t was perfectly just that thepublic, which received the enent, should contibute- to the expense;* and ho hoped, -therefore, that not less than the amount referred to by the right hon. gentleman, yi, one-fourth, would be given. *Iear, hear.) Mr. PAL1K regarded the bill as one which had been long wanted by the country, and thought it deserved the earnest consideration of every one connected with county matters. he right hon. gentleman repeatedly alluded to nmunicipal towns and boroughs; but there were many towns of considerable importance, and witl large and growing popula'tions, which were not under town-councils or anv kind of municipal management, being under the cognizance of the General Board of Health only-did the right hon. gentlemian mean to put those pllaces on the same footing as the ,towns and boroughs to which he so specifically alludcd? After a few words from Mr. B&Rnow,- Sir G. GREY thanked the House for the very favourable reception which had been given to the bill, and begged to assure the gentlemen who had spoken that he would be noat happy to give the fullest consideration to the various suggestions that had been made. With reference to the power to be given for making compulsory districts, he did siot say that every county should be so divided, but that where the circumstances of a county required it, either from its great extent or any other cause, as a matter -of instice to the ratepayers, the Queen should have rer, by an order in' Council, to make such divisions. Mear, Lear.) He understood the hon. gentleman the mermber for Berkshire to su"'est that one-fourth of the expense should be paid absolutely and at once, instead of making it contingent on the report of the inspector; but this he (Sir G. Grey) thought would be objectionable, as there would be no security that the public moneywas really expended on the objects for which it was gven. With regard to the question p"it by the memnber for Eoath Devon (3Mr. Balk), the towns to which he referred were included in the counties. They had no consolidation -of any kind and had no separate existence, and vwould be 'included in the general manazement of the county police. Suggestiors had been thrown out in favour of delay, hut he thought it was of importance to proceed as quickly as possible with the bill, ane therefore, if it wvas acceded to by the Xouse he wvould fix the second reading for Mbonday next. (Hear.) Ieave was then given to bring in the bilL BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE. Mr. BROTEERTON, who on risina was received with cheers and LLughter, proposed the foflowing resolutiorn- "That, on those days on which the House shaTl sit in the evening, the debate on any business under discussion at 12 o'clock (midnight) shall stand adjourned to the next day on which the House shaTl sit, after which no opposed business shall be proceeded with; and that, whenever the House shall be in committee on any evening at midnight, the Chairman do report progress, and Mr. Speaker do resume the chair." Many words were not required to recommend this proposition to the favour of hon. members, though reasonable as he deemed it to be, it was at one time not his intention to obtrude the subject again on the attention of the House. But he had been assured that the long sittings of last session made many converts, and that there was now a strong feeling in favour of his motion. He was not surPrised at tbat change of opinion, because.whenever the subject wasspoken,ofoutof doors, therewas alwas an expression of astonishmientthat the late sittings of the House had contiued so long. (Hear, hear-) mDuring two months of last session the House sat, on an average, two hours after mid. might; for the whole session the average was one hour. Most certainly that must have been injurous to the health -ofmembers. (Hear, hear.) He bad himself seen many of them exceedingly wearied, and he believed that those who :might vote against him to-night would be very glad if his motion shoul be carried. (A laugh.) During the recess tlhad lost five members by death; how many had died during the whole year he could not tell*; but he thought -that i? they woent on in the present way the insurace comnpanics would be justified in demanding a larger premimn from hon, members on account of the excessive mortality mong them. (Alaugh) Noargumen'could be adduced in favonr of Late sittin's. In no other Iegislature in Europe or America did they follow such a preposterous system. Other legislative assembles bad the good sense to do their business by daylight, and the only argument he ever heard against the adop. tion of the same system. in the House of Commons was that, the House havIg more important measures to discuss than any other I tegislatnre in the world, it was a - lutelynecessary to Eit occasionally after midnight. He held the contrary opinion, and believed that, if they would oly economize their time in a rational way(hear, hear), they wvotld have no difculty in transacting all the business of sn evening before 12 o'clock. (Hear, hear.) Many improve.- ments had recently been made in the mode of conducting 1rivate business, and the experience of the lasttwo evenings showed how much time imight be saved by the adoption of a few simple regulations. Hal an hour had been' saved each night by the mode of introducingbills; less tm w asnow consnmed in`th_e p_rese-3tFA tio a of pu bEc titions* 'the ceremony of communicating with the otherHOnSC bha bIeen shortened, and many other chan,gs which had beeo ade wer calculated to economize the time of the House. He thought, therefore, that if, in addition to what had already been done, a few simple rules vere adopted, there would be nonoe- for their continuing such late sittines (Hear, hear.) It his mnotion were carried, what bewol '?ropose was that commiittees ishould meet at 11 andi sit till iat wch hour the business of the House should coM. anence, thus allo-win'- nine hours for discussion before midmight. (Hear, liear) Ha hoped the House would try his plan for one sessoiox at least. (Hea, heard Some inde.: p endent members might say that they woul ave no opportunity of discussing their -bills unless they were perA tt tr them in ater 12 ocloc He believed, on the other hand, that his proposa woula tendc rather to frfiltate than to retard the busness -of the House, for if adopted, hoe certainly- did hope that it would induce hon members to.shortentheir. speecoes. (Alaugh.) -If, whe h a memberhad spoken the sentiment% of others, those others would refrain from repeating over and oVer again what had already been said, much valuable time would be saved. -Cheers and laughter.). In .America, as he uneer. : .tood, no nmember was allowed to speak longer tla an l horr and, although he did not propose-to introduce the Smf gestriqtion hcre5 he did entertaiu thte hope that lim. members would have the good sense not to trespass upon the attention of the House at too great length. (Hear, hear.) He beEeved that if his proposition were adopted it would' hve aod effect on the mneasures of the House 4nd.would_ pveiitisfactson _o the country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. rWKRT seconded the motioji *ith great' pla. sute, believing that it would improte the haracter of the. Ifouse anddo good to the public. Argurientg inits favour weresto be found in every quarter of tholouse. 'If he turned to the chair, he mist aay-that it was too great a' demand upon th health and strengthof Mr. Speaker,'whosie interestsheywere'bonid'to coraider, to require 'him to sit up till 3 6r -4Vclock in the nmrning.- There coild be no' doubtthat, if pqrmitted. to- retire somewhat corlier, ,their chairman would-be able to servr the' public more efficiently than he coulddounder the presnt sytenr If he'turied to the Teasurybenh,-heaa1kedwhether itwsjustt6iaenwhowere j worked al day attheiryu'blic offices, to impose upon them additional duties at night? No wonder Mfiistars were prematurely old (greatlaughter)-no wonder they transmitted hereditary gout to their.poerity. (Continued laughter.) Surely, if they werespare the excessive nocturnal legiation of wlch hecomplained, theywouldbemoreableftoatteudto their important duties at the public offices. I At present, it, was impossible for'them to be at their offices before 12 or 1 o'clock in 'the'day. -They managed these things better abroad. It Was well knoin that when IL Guisotwas First 3inister of France he was up at 6 o'dock every morning. (Hear, hear.) If he turned to hon. members themselves, he would ak vwhether their habits 'were nof rendered irregular bylate sittings (laughter) 9 and whether they did not think that they would discharge their duty to their constituents more efficiently under the system now proposed than under that which-had unh¶ existed for so long a period? (glear, hear.) Ito beeredethey would serve the publin much better if they 'were less prodigal of their health and strength. The trath was that the House-at certain tines after midnight was a scene, not- of activity, but of 'repose. (A. laugh.) Upon those occasions one could never see a number of rnembers extended on the benches without paro dyzing the .ell known lines of Cowper- 'Sweet sleep enjoys the chairmanin the chair' , "Sweet the tired members on tho bench behind, "And sweet the clerks below." (Laughter.) He had -himself counted no fewer than 26 memers asleep at one time, including the First 3iinister of the Crown the First Lord of the Admiralty, the Chancellor X oEtheExchequer,sndthe Chief Commissioner of Woods and Forests. (Renewecd aughter.) Bge could not think that in continuing such a systema they wvere doing their duty as members of Parhament.: But they were also setting, a bad example to society, for there could be no doubt that the Late hours nowr in fashion -owed their origin to-the old wasr habits of Pitt and Fox,'continued dovvn7tothe present day. (Hear, hear.) As to the motion before the HoUSe, he admitted that it was something too tranchant, as the Frenchr phrased it, but in :lealing with a sore itwas asvell to nake a bold cut, and therefore his hon. friend proposeda. limit. He gave his support to the mot!an of his hon. friend from a convictionthat the H6use vould never do better until it attempted to do less, The SPEAEER having read the terms of the motion, Lord PALMERSTON said,-Sir, I should be the first person to do ample justice to the benevolent intentions of my hon. friends who have proposed and seconded this motion. To exempt Ministers from the effects of old age (laughter), to guard them against the gout (renewed laughter), these are undoubtedly very great temptations held 'out to us to accede to the proposition of my hon. friend. Bat, nevertheless, I feel it wonld not be consistent with our duty as servants of the Crown, charged with the conduct of the business of this country, to agree to his proposaL My hon. friend compares the business of this House with that transacted by the Congress of the United States and other legislative assembles; but thst comparison really cannot hold good for a moment. Take the Con. gress of the United States. Can any man for an instant compare the business transacted by that. assembly with the business which devolves upon the Parliamient of Great Britain? Why we know that al the details of legislation'for the separate States of the Union are transacted by the Congresses of those separate States, and, th'erefore, the business of the general federal Congress is extremely limited as compared with the business of this House. MY hon. friend proposes to limit the number of speakers, and relies upon the maxim that abuse leads to restriction. Bat if that masim be true, it is equally true that restriction leads to abuse. (Hear.) My hon.' friend proposes to make anew law to limit our debates, and, undoubtedly, the limit whicls in the course of his speech he suggested is one that would be very desirable, but still it is one which must depend upon the discretion of individual members in using their privilege of addressing the House. (Hear.) His sug. gestion is that only a limited number of gentlemen should speak on each side, and that no one should repeat argaments which had 'been used before (laughter) and that gentlemen should not speak- for more than a certain number of minutes. Undoubtedly, if we could arrive at a common agreement upon a point of this kind our debates would be very much shortened, but whe. ther the public interests would be better served'thereby I very much doubt. Although loquacity may sometimes be exuberant, yet I am not prepared to concur with my hon. friend in saying that no member of this 'House shall repeat arguments which have already beenL used, because, if the arguments be good, I think the oftener they are repeated thebetter. ("Hear," and laughter.) I have heardthat Mr. Fox, a pretty good judge of Parliamentary tactics, used to say the best debate was that in which 10 or 12 men on one side would get up one after thW dther and repeat the same arguments over and over again in almost the same words, untilthe mind of the House was saturated with them and brought to that conviction which it in the object of all debates to produce. Mly hon. friend says we ought to finish our debates by a certain hour, and that such a resolution would produce a good effect. Well, look at Wednesdays. (Hear, hear.) On Wednesdays there is an hour at which necessarily the House adjourns. Let any member carry back his recollection to some things which happened last session upon Wednesdays. (Hear, hear.) There were certain questions which excited great interest, but which were totally thrown over by the power which members of the House had of continuing the'debate every day until the fatal moment arrived when the House adjourned as a matter of course. Upon one of those questions, which excited very great interest on both sides of the house, I have heard that one hon. gentleman, upon being asked when he meant to speak in opposition to the measure under debate, replied, "Oh, I have a speech of six hours, but my turn will not come for six weelks." (Loud laughter.) He felt perfectly certain that by exerting his privilege, and probably repeating several times over the arguments which others had previously used, he would succeed in defeating the measure. And so it would be always if we laid down a rule that at a given hour of' the night, whatever be the state of business, the House should adjourn. De. pond upon it,insteadof shorteningthe bsess we should very much lengthen the time which the disposal of busi. ness would occupy. Then my hon. friend proposes to go a step further, and says that not only should we limit the number of hours over which our debates should extend, bult that we should limit the number of wee-s durng which the Houseshouldsit. No doubt,it would be veryconvenient personally to members to be relieved from their duties in this House at a fixedl period, to know that at a certain time, whether the business of the Hrouse was completed or not, the session would terminate, and the would all be at libertv to retire into the country; but I stlink those are not the terms upon which our constituents send us here. (Hear.) We arc sent here to do the business of the country, and that ought tobe done, let it cost us any number or hours or any number of months of session. The hon. member who seconded the mnotion says we should reform the labits of the country-that in other countries people keep much earlier hours than we do in England, and that we are spoiling society by the late hours we keep. Why, Sir, it is not our habits, it is the habits of the country which must regulate, to a certain degree, the habits of Parliament. My hon. friend says, officialbusiness does not commence earlyenough in England. Iremember oncehearingthat a noble lord was desirous of having an audience of the Duke of Wellington, then Commander-in-Chief, and the duke, 'who we all know was an early riser, appointed 7 o'clock in the mornin for the interview, at the Horse Guards. (Laughter.) A fi'end of the noble lord asked him, "How on earth will yo manage to be with the duke at 7 o'clock ?" "Oh!"' replied the noble lord, "nothing can be essier; I shall do it the last thing before going to bed." (Loud laughter.) You can't, by any rules of this House, alter the habits of men. You may require gentlemen to come and spend their evenin"s here, but that would, especialy towards the close of the session, greatly inconvenience those heads of departments who, being compelled to Temain. hereall day, wouldbeperfectly unabletoperform the duties of their offices as eficiently as they ought to do. I must further say, giving full credittomE hon. friends for themotives which have induced them to brng forward this motion, and being, with them, desirous by all possible means to shorten any forns which may oppose unnecessary obstacles to the transaction of business,1can't think the motion now pro. posed is one calculated to accomplish any good reut to the p ubiEc service. No doubt there are many forms wvhich we have altered and thereby accelerated the despatch of.pnblic business, and 'if there be still any unnecessary forms let. us gut rid of them. Accelerate as mulch as possible the trans- action of business, but I would warn the House against any attempt to impose fetters upon the conduct of members, because I am o,uite. sure such a course would tend to the injury of the public service. My hon. friend says that after midnight this house exhibits a scene of perfect repose, and he pictured a nunmber of gentlemen in recumbent attitudes enjoying a refreshing slumber after the fatigues of the day. I must say my recollection does not concur with his, for, if in the course'. of a session there are sometimesszenes of something like confusion-of -iolent irritation-of acrimonious debate-of something that calls for the interposition of the Speaker-it always haprien about the small hour& of the morring. (Laughter.' If ever there happens any irregularity or there be more aimation than usual; it is always in those houms of repose my hon. friend speaks of-after 12 o'clock at-right. (Contined langhter.) I have been often a witness to scenes of that dscription, and now -and then I have endeavoured to soothe the irritation,.of the moment, but always at that period of the iht. -Thns; my. hon. friend-ismistAen in spposing thit the physical itrength or the animal syiri6sof members are less vigoro* after:12 eclock than.-befdre. Rnewved iughter.) If thatbtethc test .bywihichnmy hon. . in ugsof the legislative capacitv of thai House affer -midnight,I- cannot thmnk he- has eriablished hiszcase, ar;d therefore 1Ifeel it my duty to. oppose his motion, and hope the House will agree with me in thinking it unadvisable toj esmp thJe freedom of its debates. (ter ear.) li- r :< e 14rW.WILL ES, aiiideHoud-ries of "f Dbivid6!T sup' ported tlle Motion3; awd 4ttrisbv,td sosae of the eylis of prQo
I IFr LOND Oi(GAZE?'ofTuay Fbri I. - -I -, 8-.-24 Fc7 5. I ' OID C iA 1 NYB. 5. Notice is bereby-given, that Her Ma'5Y WMil hold levees at St. James's lPaacO,. er tho. "f'l0imng days, at 2 'clck.i-Wednesday, the 20th inst.; Wedaesday, the 27th inst.; Wednesday th6 12th of larch next. aULA 0TIOS TO BE OBSEVD AT THE Qrm'3 IviZ-s .-. .. 'L e . AT Sr; JAMEs PALACE. 'use noblemeni aid gentlem-en who purpose to attend Hoer Majesty's levees; at St.'James's Palace, are requestedto' -bring with them two large- cards, Tith their names clearly mritten thereon, one to be left with the Queen's page in attendance in the ante-room, and the othbr to be delivered to'the Lord Chamberlain, who, vill announc,: the name to HerMfajesty, h .th aet Th6se gentlemnen wbo are to be presented are hereby irnfored, it is a'bsolutelyi.eoessary*that their names,, withthe name of. the nobleman orgentleman who is to present thasm, should be delivered at the Lord Chamberlain's-office, before 12 o'cldck on the Monday previous to each, levee, or upon anJ'earlier day between the hours of 11 and.4, in order that they may be i submitted for the Queen's approbation- it beiung Her Majesty's command, that no psresentation Xll be made at the levees; but ia conformity with the above regulations. it s prtiulrlyzeqestd;tha~ i evr~case Ithe names be very distinctly written upon the cards to be delivered to the Lord Chamberlain, in order that there wnay be no difficulty in announcing themtd the Queen. The Sthte apartments will not beoapien for the reception of coiapany ComUng to Couart until half-past 1 o'clock. ;Totice is hereby given, that all persons having petitions or'addresses to present to Her Majesty at the levee; are to send a card (having on' it their names, a statement of the object of such petitions or addresses, and the names of the persons from whom they come), to the Lord Chamberlaia'soffice, before 12 o'clock on the Monday previouw to each levee; and that two other cirds, haTim on them urecisely what is written upon that sent to the lord Chans&rlan's. office,aretobe take tothe levee; one ofthetwo-cards.to be delivered to the page in the ante-room, and theother to the Lord Chamberain, who will read its contents to Her Majesty; and, on these occasions, no other.statement is to be addressed to Her Majesty. A deputation to present an address is not to exceed four persons. THE INEW ORDER OF RIT. WAR DEPARTMENT, FZB. 5. The Queen has been pleased, by an instrument under her Royal Sign Manual, of which the following is a copy, to institute and create a newvnaval and military decoration, to be styled and designated "The Victoria Cross," and to make the rules and regulations thereinsetforth under which the said decoration shall be conferred Victoria, by the grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, &c. To all to whom these presents shall come greeting. Whereas we, taking into our 'Royal considerationrthat thereexists no means of adequatelyrewarding theindivi-. dual gallant services either of officers of the lower grades in ournaval and military service, or of warrantand petty officers, seamen, and marines in our navy, and non-commissioned officers and soldiers in our anny; and whereas the third-class of our most ,honourable Order of the Bath is limited, except in very raro cases, to the higher ranks of both services, and the granting of medals, botlx in otL nvy and army, is only awarded for long service or meritorious conduct, rather than for bravery in action or distinction before an enemy, such cases alone excepted where a g6neral medal is granted for a particular action or cainpaign, or a clasp added to the mcdal for some special engagement, in' both of which cases all share equally in' the boon, and those who by-their valour have particularly signalized themselves remain undistinmgmshed from their comrades; now, for the purpose of attaining an end so desirable as that of rewasrding individual instances of merit and valour, we have instituted and created, and by these presents, for us, our heirs and successors, institute and create a new naval and military decoratien, which we are desirous should bo highly prized and eagerly sought after by the officers and men of our naval and military services, and are graciously pleased to make, ordain, and establish the following rules and ordinances for the government of the same, which shall from henceforth be inviolably observed and kept. L-It is ordained, that the distinction shall be styled and designated " The Victoria Cross," and shall consist of a Maltese cross of bronze, -with our Iboyal crest in the centre and underneath which an escroll, bearing this inscription "For valour." 2. It is ordained that the Cross shall be smspended from the left breist by a blue riband for the navy, and by a red riband for the annvy. 3. It is ordained that the names of those upon whom we may be pleased to confer the decoration shall be publshed in the London Gaalcle, and a registry thereof kept in the office of oar Secretary of State for War. - i 4. It is ordainedthatanyone who,afterhavingreceive&the Cross, shall agAin perform an act of bravery, which, if he had not received such Cross would have elititled him to iit such further act shall be recorded by a bar attached to the riband by which the Cross is suspended, and for every additioial act of bravery an additional bar may be added. 5; It'is ordained, that the Cross shalD only be awarded to those officers or men who have served us in the presence of the enemy, and shall have then performed some sigal act of valour or devotion to their country. 6. It is ordained, with a view to place all persons on a rerfectlyequal footing in relation to eligibility for the orahtion, that neither rank, nor long service, nor wounds, nor any other circuinstance or condition whatsoever, save the merit of conspicuous bravery shall beheld to establish a suflicient claim to theehonour. 7. It is ordained that the decoration may be conferred on the spot where the act to be rewarded by the grant of such decoration has been performed, under the following circumstances. I. When the fleet or army, in which such act has been performed, is under the eye and coaimand of an admiral or general officer commanding the force. IL Wbere the naval or military force is under the eye and command of an admiral or commodore commanding a squadron or detached naval force, or of a general commandine a corps or division, or brigade on a distinct and detached service, when such admiral, commodore, or general officer shall have the power of conferring the decoration on the spot, subject to confirmation by us. 8. It is ordained, where such act shall not have been performed in siglht of a commanding officeras aforesaid, then the claimant for thelhonour shall prove the act to the' satisfaction of the captain or officer commanding his ship or to the officer commanding the regiment to which the claimant belongs, and such captain or such commanding officer shall report the same through the usual channel to the Admiral or Commodore commanding the force employed on the service, or to the officer commanding the forces in the field, who shall call for such descriptionand attestation of the act as he 'may think requisite, and on approval shall recommend the grant of the decoration. 9. It is ordained that every person selected for tho Cross, under rule seven, shall be publicly decorated before the naval or military force or body to which ho belongs, and with which the act of bravery for 'which he is to be rewarded shall have been performed, and his name shall be recorded in a General Order, together with the cause of his especial distinction. I10. It is ordained that every person selected under rule eight shall receive his decoration as soon as possible, and his name shall- likewise appear in a General Order as above required, such General Order to be issued by the naval or rilitary commander of the forces employed on the service. 1L It is ordained that the General Orders above referred to shall, from time to time, be transmitted to our Secretary of State for War, to be laid before us, and shall be by him registered. 12. It is ordained that as cases may arise not fall' within the rules above specified, or in which a claim, thousrE well foundet may not have been established on the spot, we will, on tho joint submission of our Secretary of State for War and of our Commander-in-Chief of our Army, or on that of our Lord High Admiral or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty inthe case of the navy, confer the decoration, but never -without conclusive proof of the performance of the act of bravery for which the claim ismade. 13. It is ordained that, in theevent of agallant and daring act having been performed by a squadron, ship's company, a detached body of seamen and marines, not under 50 in number, or by a brigade, regiment, troop, or company, in vhich the admiral, general, or other officer comnanding such forces, may deem that all are equally brave and distinguished, and that no special selection can be made by them: then' in such case, the admiral, general, or other officer commanding, may direct, that for any such body of seamen ormarines, or forevery troop or company of soldiers, one officer shall be selected by the officers engaged for the decoration; and in like manner one petty officer or noncommissioned officer shall be selected by the petty officers and non-commissioned officers engaged; and tvwo seamenh or private soldiers or marines shall be selected by the seamen, or prvate soldiers, or marines, engaged respectively, for the decoration; and the names of those selected shallbe transrmtted by the senior officer in command of the naval force, brigade, regiment, troop, or company, to the admiral or general officer commnding, who shall in due mannet- confer the decoration as if the acts were done under his own e 14. It is ordained that every warrant officer, petty ofier -seaman, or marine, or non-commissioned officer or soldhier, v;ho shall have received the Cross shall from the date of the act by which the decoration has been gained, be entitled to a special pension of 10. a-year, and each additional bar conferred under rule four on such w;arrant or petty officers. or non-commissioned officers or men, shallcarrywith it an additional pension of 51. per annum. 15. ln order to make such additional provision as shall effectually preserv-e.pure this 'most honourable- distinction, it is ordained, that if any person on whom such distinction shall be conferred;, be convicted of treason, cowardice, felony, or of any infamous crime, or if be be accused of any such offence and doth not after a reasonable time sur-ender himself to be tried for the same hisname shall forthwith be erased fromthe registry'of individuals uponvwhom the said decoration shall have been confe=red by an especial warrant under our Royal Sign Mahual, and the pension conferred under rule 14, shall cease and determine from tho date of such warrant. It is hereby further delred that we,' our heirs; and successors, shall be the sole judges of the circumstance demanding such expulsion; moreover, we shal at aalltimes have powerto restore such persons as mayat any- time have been expelled, both to the enjoyment of the deco-' ration and pension. Given at our Court at Buekingham Palace, this 29th day of January, in the 19th year of our reign, and in the year of our Lord 1856 -1c Majesty - By lIer gaje s command, To our Principal Secretary of State for War. * . .~ -THE ORDER OF THE BATEL The Queen has been graiouslypleaeed to eive orders for the following appoHnisnents to the Most Honourable Order 'of the Bath:- ; ' To be Ordinary Mdembers of the Military Division of ihe Seond Class, or Knights Conmanders et the saki 41%t Honourable Order, viz. - I Iie k-Gen.X.ichrYd dardeClra 3,B n>^o-dwjl UVW7 N u-t .' --s .s6 ' ient.Gen. John McDonald, l. I ieUt.-G Willam Iowan, C.R. Vice-AdmirlVBrgtonReynoadd, Cal Lieut.-Gea William George Moore. M aor-G. James Frederic I.o;e--Cs-- Mal9rweh. Cha2iesYorke.'- ! ' 'Rear-Admiral the Hon. Riciard Sgaum De n DwkU O.1 lxorGeen. Lye3lBaenjaminloveli; MalorGen. WVilia Feawier; Williams. . - . * Ma or.Gen. George Arrgntn, WetlrewaLr Oi.a, Adj.. &eo Er,ogM mclmaKu,rbmiGeneraL Ordinay Members of the Crlit Division of the TSehcid 't or KnightsComnxanderd Mos te said Most HOrder, Orer iz Har e YtreFkeRawinaeo O.B., ofth'e BomlrayArrmr. Joln -aird CI&reno;eXhare t q Chief Commiionor d At to the Goreror GerU df ndia *or the Pnjab. MajorG. Wilmi,' Hem7 Sleeman;of She Bengail rm. J.faio!Gen, Jame5 On&in,a-C.B., oftSheBombayArmy. - 7 BoeniamlnHwer, EsY. ' -'- To be .Ordinary Mliembecrs of the MlKEitary 3)iiision oE #i Third Class, or Companions of the Jaid GostrEonorable Order, viz.:- . lteut.-Gen. Wliam Sutherlanidmru Capt. the Hoe HIenry Xeppel iery. Capt. I.oed Clarence Faget R R e.gie Capt. GeoSnge Goldsmith, R2f Capt. Gorlge Ram,ay.H.N. . Capt. GeorgeH. 8eamonr,R,M. Capt. George CG. WeliceaWy 1.. - .. '- Capt. James Willcor, 2. Cli. IIcy:reerikh r 97ihRegiment. CaL. Edr,ad Birch BenrBn late ot Grenadier GurS.:v CoL Charle Tollopes 62d Regmt. CoLJohn St. Georget doya AtilleryCapt. Ienry Ckidwell. BN. CMrt. Jhenrard Osboa, B.X. ieut.-Cot Thomas S .dDeyl'owell;Sd enent. reut.-AlbArhur St.Georgeatepeey, ColdareamGuar5. JLnaent.-Co t. uke Stth O'Conuor. 14t West IndaRegiment. 3ieut.-Cob William WesteTurner. attached. Sieut.Cot. EurtcoFne Ra-oYurer, RalXagiuneers, , LIeut.4CL HemyDAteUILae. I M HolFeryFanris 8rag, Boyil Artley. To beOrdinarie5 -then CivioyalEngineers Thior Juames Frankfort Manners Bron e; soa^lEngineers. Davad Deas Esq., Inosector of Hospitalss ndSleetar Dr. David RmrtHrear Deputy Insouecor-GeneraeiofHeodtiltaylt Dr. Willinm AInton, Depubt spectormieneral of the pGtals.o' Dr. John Forrst Deputy plesdctor Gener l eS Hospitalo, ThothsoAlexander, u q., Deput InspeMor-Generslof Hosprtalro Johns Robert Taylor. lig.. Deputy Insr,eetor-General of HXospital,. Dr. Azehibald Gordon, Staff-S3urg ofthbe Frt Class.~ - James Monat. R ., 6if-Snyg. oi theest C Ialn GeorT e Adamrhsho, DeofCanterbury. enerat e .hi Jof he act of theD th h and. 3)14th Cbisye= ofer aL - s5s Willam Henry Dralee f eo.. Deputy C ommuscary E eners C i To be Ordinary embers of-the Civil Division eof-thed Third Class, or Companions of the sai lMost Honoura2IeOrder, viz.: A - Edward feasThomuaxn, Re., Colonial Seeretasj for Newt South WAle rls fte.I Si aesAeaLce Goc-n eander StewAit-ral., ola ster of h ae olls forwNoea Scot ISeut.-CoLA Robert oefaheyDaon, on tire retired Mu-pay List of thC Royal EnIneeers. t ieut-esr Meark l ubbow , Coiroissioner for the ovrsansent ol prmoionscneuntteen atdte3stut,hv J~ohu HalUaxelL, Fq. BUJCKINGHAM PALAKCE, JA>-. 30.; The Queen was this day pleased to confer the honour of Kighthood mupon Peter Benson maouell, Esq., Recorder of Prince of Wales Bslaud. ST. Jc'S JohnaCE, JAyr. 2. The Queen has beenpleased, on tbe noraination, of the Bight HIon. Lord'Foley, to apopoint Charles Edouard Hopton, Esq., late Captain 23dt Fsrsleers0 one of Her Majesty's Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms, vnce Rice, retirede WHITEHL -PLAtCE, JA?r. 23. The Archbiahop oE CI aterbury has, Guder the authority of the act of the 13th and 14th years of Her Iajesty's reign, ch pter 4, appointed the oight heon. Senoer Horatio Wmapole to be a Church Estates -Commissioner in the place of the Right Hon. Henr Goulbur , deceased. BOAB b OF TRADE, WsEfAIh WHT 2. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Priv CoRncil for Trade and Plantations ha3e receive thro the Secretary of State for Foreign tirs, a copy of a desoatch from R er MCajesty's Ambssador at Pans, en closin icopy oE a French Imperial Decree, dmin r the duty on cotton wvool. imported from the entrepcits- i French vessels at 25 franes per 100 ldlograsmmes. ADMIIRALT-Y, FEB. f. Admiral of the Bleo Sir James Alexander Gordbn, G.C.B.; VOce-Admiral of the Blue Sir eatdin Owen Pell; nd Rear-Admiral of the e Red Sir William Fairbrother Carrol1, K.C.B., having, in pursuance of Her Maesty's order in Council of the 30th of January, 1856, been removed to a reserved list, which is to consist of Flag Offlcers holding appointmnents in Greenwich Hosmal the following prornotions conequent thereo, dated the 31st uilt., have this day taken placo- b R iceAdeuiral of the Red Sir Thomas Johr Coebrave, tC.R, to be Arsnra of the Blue. lse-adma o the White Charles Sihl3 John amsiayne tohe Vine Adminlof tbea I;d. eise-Admiral of the Bluc H 1'respott,a.r, to be Vise-Admiral of -the White. Reabr-Adlnrl sir Andrew Delieti Green EC.H., outheRe}reed ist, to be Vice-Admiral on the esera ed I5stt Rear-Admiral of the aed pleim Boulen DIeuds to be Vice Admiral of the Blue. - o ear Admirl George Ferguson, on th Beserved List, to be a nce gdmiral en the Reserved it- Bear-Admiral. Of the-Red sir George Rose Sartorious to be Vice. Admiral of the Blue. To be RnamAR amcII,S of the P,ia. - Rear-Admiral of the White Wlliamu JamneaMlngage. Rear-dmrainl or theWhiae SirJaes Hubliashdridge, Xns .B. oear-Admiif th &enWhite Sir Thomas Herbert, e.CsR. To be REAdt -Acalto S oE the WHITE. - Roar-Admiral of the slue Henry E den. Rear-Admiral of the Blut Frederle ihWlleia B eec rencoh RearAdmiral of the BluenJamesSeolt - s.- c To ho REALR-ADTnIrtSun of theo BLUE. Capt. THomas Wren Carter, C.B. Cat. sir Thomp as Sauine Pa3ley, Bats Capt sir Johu Hindsarrb, Et to he a Rear-Admiral on&e Reserred Lit : Capt Christopher Wo ill to he ftear- ACdmir31 of the Bis. This Ga_dtcontains a brief reeord, in thoeusitomary official style, of the ceremonies observed onl the arrival of Ear Majesty in thleHouseTof Lords on Thursday oast to pen the sessiaon of Parliament. Thais accolut is follg,oed by the Roale Spetch. THE ECCLESIASTICAL. CODI3fSSIOI1S. This Gazette announces thaat er Majesty in Council has 3epprovod a scheme proposed by the Rev. Atns mBray, :ho perpetual curate of Brent Tor, 'Devon, to' grant or lemise by lease to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners the ninerals lying under a portion of- the globe attached 'to this senefico eallod Birchoy, in Theparish.of Wlsitchurch, inatho aid eounty. SimiLar consent is givers to the grunt of a lease- by the Rev. F. B. Baines, perpetual curate of M;larow, of certain nines of coal, &c., in the parish of Bury, Lancashire. Her Majesty in. Council has aLso given her consenb to cerasi arrangements with a Viewfto male a better provision 'or the cure of souLs inthe parishes of Frant and tother. ield, SisrexM .Orders in Council areX also published in this Gazet notifying tho consent of Her Msajesty to a propwbi d assignmIent o a district dalapel to to church of St. Jude, Isling0n, to ha called theDistriot ChapelryoE St. Jude, 3lldmagpark.- Other orders in Council are plublished in referenc to the ourial of the dead, namingvarbousplacestwherensuchburials sre to be discontinuey 3fter a certain date. COMMhISSIO1NS; - Signed A byr the Loah-Isguon-Arsr of the Cohnty Of Dxh sv. Richard Henrny FitzBerbert, SEsq., to be Deputy-uiert. RadbomewTroopuof Yeomanry Cavilry.-ERoest SwianertonMHlnefa Esq., to be Cornet. By the LoanLzroneA?r of the County of H g5rrosn. Hemtforeehir MSiliti-Henry Dicdaon Demayn. gent, tobe ndsign Btuart ViTian Fraser, gent., to be Ensign. ByI tebLo -rA r of the CoMntyof xsrer. Kent MliEtia Regiment of Mileryt-Chales Beauclerk, gent., to be Lecond Lieuct., vise Jackhos . Promoted. Rest leat Regime-rorfJnlltin.-lEnoibn HemryThorssHowetltobn (dent., wie G un deab ert witboat leave..-W. , - By the Losn-mxrxcAerw of the County of Souran'ror. Hampshire -Regimnst of Militia-Capt. Eustace Hfeatheots, lato lapt. in thejtth Regiment, to be afaior, vise Burrard, resigned. By the LoRn-sxrrsrc r of the County of lOrrroao. RLoal Sherwrood Fioresters or INottinibanshire Regiment ef Mlilitia. -William Elish Smith, gent., to be Lvent. By te Loun-Lrsrgsmrof thc County of Merouooeza. Royal Montgomery RiSee3,-Lient. Johu Matthewv Jones to be Capt. ice Jones resigned; Ensign Richard Tanlieldl Varhell to be LSient. ior Jones, promoted; Johu William IZoyd, geut., to be Ensign, vise Vachesll, promoted.- ' - , :' Montgomersshire Yeomary Cavaly.-Wfiim Henryem A.dams, rent., to be Comet, isie Beck, never ga^zetted. The followi;ng a ppointmcnt is subsfihuted for that wvhich appeared in bec G.azette" Or Friday last, the 1st inlSt.:- By thc loo~r-rurgwx-r of the County of C .Q:flOz Cambudgeeiic MTilitia.-Fnsign Arthur3HarrisIersetobe Lient. PARTR12SHWlS DISSOLiVED. --, J. Barber nadGo.. CartwvorthMfoar.Yorlishlre.-woollunclothmsnufar. mmes-W. OiLPines aldO. Tumbolt, Newcassle-upon-Tyne; greneral nerchants.-bLr Cattley, and J. and J. B., Anderson, Great hulffolkutreet, Sontliovrk, soap mnanufiacturers; as far as r.egards J. B. Aimderron.J. and J. Duelkvorth. Manchester. h oller mnkers.-E. Taylor endR, AveynriL-Shedield, rrinters0f the "Sheffield ChrlimtanHemhld. -J. Lamb end J. Bdliamy, S3hafeld, butlonmanufaretnrers.-G. Tolsoli nd Co..Derrbibury,rag nerchan1&.-. Robertsbaw and Co., Halifax ordesewvecre, commision weolconsbeisbyincbinerp-'asfrarsregards It Crabtreec, J. Sugdeu,-and B. Mrrastroyrt-T. i'elson and E.. andBt. Enmmett. Edenlield, 'Ineabchire, rotten manufachturr-Allin and lfarhahl.31 Wednesburv,. vletualleme.-J. Dyson, Helm, and Co_, Hal h, rcasons.Crlile Cape. locbury, aEn BalSam, Siminng-lane an n Liverool, tea broliers-E. Done and Co.. lManchester, Hensian ieal6rs.-JonesaudWarremm, Mlerths Tydvil, confeetionem.-2T. Riser lad Smart, For-null, rbear Chalfor silk thr,wrsters.-J. Morris suds W. Olney Radcliffe-row. 'John's-ro,v bas fornders--Sute liffo and fsmdfort,Delvsbturydealers in baby hnren.-W. L.-Smit and Co.,-, James-street, Cvent-garrden.irholeelesetnttonera---Saunderr.Rruthrss.. itoke Newin gtou,-lInendraperm.--J.T. Cohng and E lOeep, Carltonad, rhsewirere,- Bedfordshire, farmers.-Seyfried and Herlan BaGestreet, Regenf,etree, licensed victuallerse-S. lattieboy- nd D.2Xrris, llreit BerkchamPetearl, eoru mflersL-Smith and Fittori, KirkbrtOn SYorkshire, groeers.J. Thbomas anud I, . lv ewis, TewrkeabmiF al ter. neys.-Bakreraxnd3Niholson; llddliffnTrrnt, raliwvaycontsncore.- Ellis Hawfley and CO., Brirtol, potterr.-Fi. Dersar and Gob, REast India-chambers I.eadenball-atceet. m,erclhants,: as far as recssds C. W, aregoryF.-S. Hall ana Broth' - Maisdenaisl }Huddeeseld cloth nmanrd ws,-W. Sibi}a nd C. M2ithell, Ebelsield. atone norilmants.-. ReSdP, d. Wbic;er, and F., F. I,. Yslalse, st.ansa'ttet, mnd Wilten-read, Vnuxnl-brldge-rosd, curitej asia aaegsrds J. Ehil.-.Adla and Jene,-Villiers-ateet. Strand, aktwldses-Dene ran andPadon, GrammgeasOntit,shipbrake'4 t-DERATIONS OP'irvDENna J. Ekdon, Chrch-row, Limebonse. 71npowner-&rA dir. of f s,d., on WedneSday nexGt and threee Subvrrient Wednesdas, at M. Ed. ward's, Sambrook-murt Basmghallk-stret L '.*- -;r - - -- . Hodfson, Gretbbmylehone-s*zt,- atationer-refimt Oi.akf Ss Dn Wednedy nexrt ad three rd . weft . * at W. Ed. wards's Sam'lreok-eout, siy,j.e, ----- -- -J. Hugheedo and-L a Chandamasore, sdt .U-5cod - strect. - -r A, Dalrnpls. !dme.set, ierchbant-thrd div. of 91d., a We- IL er snd'.Pa MLrW of Wight lmrgahet first dir. of 3s. ld, ,, Wcn tmre Bsinghall. street. T. EdewarisSo} b r dws any Wedn adniy tX - Acraad, .g .. atJir.Ye'n',-.r. -,]9 ---ose jpue-ti o 6 .S"- s 5fr - A , Hlifax, timSberdealr-secod _dir Of 2Dr 6, . adrtdK- ons . LoXe, eds,.. - - - fiSeld, Allan, and Co.,Huddersfeld, cloth merebat.econd di, ° Sd.L; and a-st dii.ls5. on tho separate estate of s. oldeld. '- a'W.3e'narur'i Brdfxor drid er tcl5rt of Csg. S.. r*da nat ,, betdo.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ ~. :- -ir _l ,-.,¢R J -;ZmoZ=ffi s ,,~.' 4d., anydy. at I J. Kill.., HaIFT,ax. ik f1ollnItke&Y dhy. ft- Yount%! eeds . - dir. IFel and Learoyd. Huddrffidj l fAft rnwilIcb.. ay. day. at Me. YounjLeedg. .L 7 'T * T. P. Feathertne, yor, drper,:3__t. of.SI .G. V -P-nDrqD, 3D"b.augb. l~tber 'crE-first di, d1k, ou a *oiicito t7l' BA S - - . e MM Xicholls and Doyle, Verulams-bollngS^ 1ntnr -a r orga, Maidstone; of fida igee 3fr*D f _mqiD ImilMr.M. " ~ ~ ~ asmiguee,'Mr. VFN.tsure, l3aeng, Johu White, Northaipwo, draper, Feba. 15, March% j2o 1l &do, it the ankrupt'.Conit: solicitors, Cets Ashusxt Obd. Morr; Old Jewsy'; efldscl AedVxee Mr. Caruan, Alderx~esaubur_ HemyRuntinz BhIlt0h, 5tarordshireL ?neercutter, cU2*Xwa 8, atI U odock,,xt ~LsBrtg.,r lsee or f~anrc solicitor,mmeuss. MotTerasandXn3ip3t, Binnlnhhmra, s -Mr. Bittaest, zirmingham. George TirnsCawl Wo mjerFs1 Mar,ch 8. at II delock. at the RlniIW f.str=sOD b`t OC BatikQPt%=hc1tor M a,m rakesford iLd rarJes, W.Vqb=qp.;a.-, Mr.Whitmore, Bir h,noham. - a - George Barker. B,rilenm, veneer cutter, Ieb. 16. A h icS, at 12 .7clock' St tho Birm hxm D tict ourtof B c. Molicitors, Xes. Mottem smrld RIht, Birmiugham; omciaja e Mr. Blttceten. Birmnhm John YTule, ShefBied wine mercbant. Feb. 36, Marc!r at J7 Olock. at the Leeds DWalct Court of Banksrup, Shetel soliciter Mr. Rlls, FShefield; *fic5W1 mKignee, :ldrBresrin. Shleffeld. tohu l fiette e Blake, oEremonuc c4smiiwon agent Feb. 13. Marib 7, at It o'clock. xt the lAverpwool Distriet Court 41 Bank. orptcy: solicitor, ML Greene, MiTerPool; offieal -a&Ndneir, Mr.Bird, Liverpoo.L ReubeuCooper. Oldh0 mwhrleWe grocer, Feb. 2, 1 j, at 12 o'doekt at the 3fnrhesterDistrirt Court of Brnkrupteyr solicitors. Hrses. Atkinson, Saunders, and Last, Mlanchester; oficia dassignee, shossaWfaion, Carlisle. currier. Feb. i9, M iarch 12. at 21 o'cockr, at: the IN e veUte-ulon-Tyne Dhect Court of Bautkrtv: ci-soli tora, Messrs. Rower, Son, and Cotton. Chaneeey.lane;? r . canakil K;endal, andhir.Wa tsos Neirstle- Tne; officia assignee. Mr. Baker, Newelle-upooxn-Tn -DIV}DEDS. -- -i reh, W. Holoway. Watford cocl mxerchnt-:Feb2& T.l:ain and J. Cowan. late of of Madras, zuercmants.-Feb. 28 1L. IBawra, Old Ford, indiarubber sraaufacturer-Feh. 28, G. F. Lyde. Churchpasage, Bsinghallstreet, sewed msnlin maker.-Feb. iz, l. Ricketts and T. James Mooarte-stree merchants.-Feb. , L P. Shields, LTme-treetmerebant.-Feb. 2; J.`Wilso, Jermyn-etreet. bootmaker. -Feb. 2e. W. J. Waller, Herbert-street, New Northroad.r Lntoeller.- Feb.26. p. Wesson. Iorhoruh bleacher.-Feb. 26,3 , uT Heattideld, SbeDield, cotton sp era-Feb. 28. J7. Pdhelras'lo MonchesterI uIbTESlanran antetue.-Fes. 2Y.J. T6U 1t, jFArducri.e3r Man. chester, joiner.-. eh. 28, . and 7:' P. enlish. Bath, auctioneers.- 'Feb. 26. Gt . Deae and P. Youle a niverdool, merchants.-Fe. 26. J. Plumbe, andthport. lrainter.-Febz 26. B. Henairorth.-e. 7vPooLh AeeWer.yFebh 27,er,Wpitaitlds, Chle coal agert.-Feb. 7T. EltI Ross, iverpool, draper.t-.l CeBRTh aTEvi to be ranted miles. ou,e be phon.to twneoantgary -- outhedayofnseetiug. Feb 29, T. H and T. Tpluis Atderet, -s-tbeete wlrresale drugvi;,s-Fe . 29. J.. irub, E. Lwis, and W. T. AenFr ryCouldshan . 1aent. and Krngsland-rnd consent mnanufa turms-Feb. 27, P. Cohen llerDyOpI f pitaleldo. deler in ionmnegery.-eb. 27. i. Winderrtoxfed.2treet, sawld eiler.-Fe.e27, Chat r-abn. Win. ssester-isouso OldBrod-treet, and Southampton. wine rmercharnt:Feb. 27. T. laznuond. Conduit-street, Wettbourue-terrice, hoot. mnaer-Feb.27,J.CsipDin.and W.R.Foreter, Rock Ferey, Chieshireand Birerpool, f eny lsrGunetors.-Feb. 27. a. sr &Dcan Boltou, nullwigbta,-lFeb. 28. W.n Kd.Jidderrminster, ho3iei.-Peh. 26,5. SEuart, Lenten. builder.-Feb. 27, T. Amnor, Couraugbt-tecrace, Edgw!are-road, auctioneer. i SCOTOE1 SEQUESTATINS. _ :H Wallace. Glasgow, lacefallzmanufacturer, Feb.14. atlFeclock, it the Queen's HoteL GiLag-w. G., J., and J. Ha, jun.. C-Glarsw and elsewhere, merbcant Feb. 16, at 22 o'clock, at the Globe Hotel. Glasowr.
PALIAMENTA.RY AOTICES. hOTSE OF COMT1ONS. WFx F6 . ORD):S Or CH DAY. - - Paeir p meAdment Bil inrefrndrending. ^ e ' f tiolt totek Comarnies of ilSu Senndoreafimg cloti Dnes on Shiprpig. (u .if Gl.-Seondic3dnhZ. Meteopoit.sn Pollee flil.-eondreading. valt on ier Sopp m ne-wiort thercbpone o };OTICi: OF atOrtOles. Mcr. Bpoisman-tedtorn of the oamer of the carerl Petty Sbei aionu dLtetdetsinto whlnheath county in Irdand is divided under the Petty Ses donn (feand) ict l851, with tbe flame of thecderl; appointed for each distrit, and the amouat of fees and other emoluoments rpcaiven by snchi cler}s respectively for eaclt jeer sine their respectixe appoint- -Ifr. EI. ED3eeCoiee of any'teanx minrte or minutes ticme 185f, relative to tie ordof Esheieesin Scotland; Andof all ecrspondeneoslneelS54 r.iththeLeIof the Teasry, relative-to lime. amo MIr. E. J;llice,-Addremfet retrnmin refereneeto therecord ofapphia tires to the hoard oE Snpcriionforlfeliefofthel'oorin Scotland. stating ineach case tbe amount of relief, whether in mnooer. feeol clothing, or any otheraae (but if notin money, theD givingfhemoney solue of s;nch other deseription of relief). whimidfornmed the subject of complaint; the dezlionof the board 00suelSUCllOwane being insufflci ent or the contrary, and in cases where the gromnd of complaint as removed. statingthe additional amount and induof relief.that was granted from thei st of July, lSS4 to the 30th of Jume, 1855.
THE LATE FIRE XT MESSRS. HOPKSOWS. The adjourned investigation as to the recent falliuig of the wall and crushing of severnl houses in Fitzroy-place, New. road, by which a woman named Elizabeth Saunders,dlia Wyse, lost her life, and several other persons were srnously injured, was resumed yesterdaymorning before Mr. Wal-ley, the coroner, and a jury, at the Elephant and Castle, King'sroad, Camden-town. Mr. Parry, instructed by Messrs. Jaques, layton, and Co., of Ely-place, -with Mr. Orridge, appeared as counsel for Messrs. Hopi-ison; Mr. Talfourd Salter, in the absence of 3fr. Ballantine, represented. the County Fire-office; Sir IBichard1fWayne attended to give evidence as to the jproper performance of the duties devolving nponthe lice authori_ ties in cases under the new act, and. Mr. Marsh elson, the architect who had surveyed tle premises by direction of the coroner; lMr. Beeves, the surveyor to the Metropolitan Police; Mr. Bak-er, the district surveyor ;Mr. Beanmont andc 3r. Tims, gentlemen connected with the County and other fire insurance-offices, as also the Messrs. lHop. kinson, were prasent during the inquiry. Thegreatpointoftheinquirywis in the first place, to sscertain who were the responsible persons' under the new statute, lgth and 19th of Victoria, cap. 122; and, secondly, should there be any criminal culpability or neglect, in whose possession the premises-were at the time of the occurrencewhetr in that of the insurance-offices or of the Messas. Ilop?ldnson. - Sir Richard Mayne was first examined. Me stated that he first received notice of the fire at 3essrs. Hop kinson's factory the day after the fire-yix., the 13th of Janxuamy. That report was made to him by the superntendent of the division of police. It was stated that the fire was supposed to have originated. from some -wood placed- round the st6ve in the dring-house to dry, and the damage was reported at.10,000L. Onthe morningof the 25th of January he received another report, that the wall of Messrs. Hop inson's factory in Diana-place had fallen, and hadcrusbed the houses numbered 3,4, 5, and 6, Fitzroy-place, and that a body had subsequently been found in the rxins. Hoe 'subsequently received a notice, under the 69th section of the Nevw Buildins Act, relating to dangerous structures, from 31r. Baker, the district surveyor of St. l?neras. This was also dated the 25th, and he immediately gave orders tb Mr. teeves, the s yor to the police, to mae Xa surrey and .el5ort to him. He reported the remainder of the wals in a dangerous state, and. the ownerwere at once served with notice to shore them np and secure them. This was served on the owners on the h8th, afterthe wall bad fallen which crushed the houses mid. caused this death. - Sir1B Mayne, in answer to quesions Lythe cooner, said. he considered hehad talen-every step necessary under the 69th section, which stated " that when any hnildig or hall or other structme, was in a' dangerousstate,the conraissioners shouid require a survey ot such structure to b) mnade by the district surveyor, r some other comLpetent person." He had done so. He had given no new instructions to the polce in reference to fires since the passing of the act, or in reference to the safety of buildings or struc- The Coroner said he thouht there was no blame attachi1g to the poEce authorities in the matter. George Wysej10, iSttle EnirouLth-street, Hampsteadroad, said the deceased waB hiLD sister. He found her body about half-past I o'clock on Friday morning week. She hael resided ir. the fIrs-Ioor froot room of NSo. 5, Fitzroy-place, andhefoundher amid.therubbish under the flooring of theapartmentwhichha.fallenin. She was gotout with assistance, and. conveyed to St Pan6ras workhouse quite dead. Xr. John Hophinson sid. Le was a pianoforte ainmufactarer, of Soho-sqnarem aad was also the owner and. occupier of the prests in Diana-place, :NiFroad, wlhere a fire took place on the night of the 12th ult. He was present at that fire beforeitwaseifliguished, having received notice of it at Watford at a enarter to 1 oislock on the Sunday - It was bal ig, very fiercely at the time e a ed, wbich was half&past 3. A- lage ouanMtt of property was destroyed. The 'Atckiwas inauredTor 2. t. in the County, 1,0001. on the Uilding, and. ,0001. in the NTorth of England. The buildig-was heated. by steam, rnd. therews nestove in the hublu g at all, cx:cept a stove in the eaa -house, and a siNve below forburning shavings, bt the<latter had never been used. - Tho, w orkmen left the boildingabout 6 'clock o-I, the Saturday: evemnin y tieCoroner-Atere fire theinsurAoffiee agsnts. too'.; possession of the entire bulldings.itihe salvane,. ex-l. ceptind the wood yardh which was not Intred. ws. Tilas, of Cearsotte-sothre was there as thcrentesenb& in fithehounty Fzre-ffice, an.i another gentleman representiogthe psorth of EnitTnd. ofsZe. fThe latter sto e that he 4 adieft the setilwment of hp s caim with the-lounty, ani' also Understoodhinotthat 31r. Tims was to n etfor them. It asa queseton wth Ma. Tois wAhether thefinberindt dtyinghouse aLs isorel ornot.- and. we we- dnot alnoe to take. possessioa of it. wall Mfell on tbe<orninlg ouiThursdayt w;eek-. I was thi rc about 20 msinutes.eforeth, -..ll feiL - iMr. Thomas Bar!ter Hopkinson, y sisant anfonpnnger.od' t,he fln was present at the fire sAortlyafter-itbbro;e out. fle could not trace how the fire orgnated. lihaero- waVa.- r-epresentiation, made to him, aer. the fire 3ndtblericr S gable fell, tha that wall was iJx. adangersugstate1~teq' firemanx, or anyoe else, nor hbAs he mnade a represev:ihi to nay-one -thataulch was the cQpee. lMr.-Meer Rakr, of U, ;'pper Gceeasreet, diistrlo surrel'or of SL Pancras, sai he visiteil Sie- ruiW<on the Mondiay affier the fire. Ha- was not aeqsiire&teo ittend, wader the law, toinspect in. such cases,, unless las- received noffce mailer the 6Sth neco of tho MatraseisBuildin Act. 1r. PaTry.-The 69th section saps.that ;when adistriot serveyorreceives "anyinformatie" he;is bomndto givia notice of the dangeronstate of tgtMctoere to the police. Evidence continued.-On MoiLy,.-he 14th, he reioveA a notefrom Mr. Seeb as -to the 1a agerons state:"or the archway, anld,aftervwi6w itn V te to Mfr. Bearont. HeTdid.not urvey tho *ho'lo1ei;e prem3saes it tlia time, bult he did su,onently. - He 6fonsidered. the sAbl wall whiob fell a goai wall quo .Se, perfectly i t, and he e6uld see no cracks init WwU ver. He did.:not aqprohend any dane, and had the wkSd. riotl ben aoligh as. lt:Was OD, the morning of theOI teof January,he thouight -it mright have stood for ywa% .- - * After some OShF' evidence had beenu given; the Cormer iUnimeaed ip. - The.Forev,j and. several of the jury-said they thought tht some BtV,n shoud boe taken to make it compulAcry for «he ?Ot°t4vonrof the snblloi that in such a case cither people 2655W2W in thc vicinity-ibould.beo proniptly removed,-or th3tangeus structures- should. be aecured 'without delay. 9.:ey then.reeordcd ia verdict of " Accidental'dtatlh." 1T 1 P E- S. ep o±tf tihe Commissioners of Inquiry, pubshed. in !CAc'im rt t!he close of last rear, has just ben issued, with the "1Xinutes_0f 9E;. denre," foing alsrg blr.c-hbo of;.5c ,'
lrrE MO-THY RVIE ofLITERATURE, j1RADSHAW's RAILWAY MIN U~hr- bod& ud, Gneysal allwa Directr for 1816 picee PL ged.W..A5mBradsawbas Guid -Cce, Londofi, 59, flLD and RARE BOOKS _tobe SOLkD, abran &L l.free by poton receiptof Id.94tMVp, Address _. Srgrrnl BO~OKSEL RS taines nd Dealers ijn aln J~~4LER~~~uiring STO~~CKh a ipy o sholesle bokrile y is and MUSIC at a di3count of 2d. and th s,aesupplied by PEARSON and SoN. 36, Bihopswithin.ouniry lee lBeda-same day. Music carrnag by post eesy orasordered. S COPMof RECENT Od4ere atgreatly reduced pricefor cash, isnw ready, rts,aa he;also a List of Works recently added to geatWzy WI: Aw3d Mtude. 510, New Oxford-stret, London, andi6, Crows street, Manchester.. TJ IBLES, Prayers, Church Services, adapted for .Ltlleday and other pirsenta :-Bibles, from Is. to £6 G&.; large n,family Bible s, &L . Churcli Ser-ees from Is, 6d. torX33..- .t.In etwith rim andesep. Cs. Gd. ladies' wrtngncases.4s. nd Istwards, portenonnairds, from 2s. 6d_; luveni1e and other books In gTat . .Aety n lote paper,.oo quality, from 4 er. em envlop 5ta bool and lter, 19tatixone-sryequll o.A6LDR WIHI WERE YOUR SWEETH15EAT_,new .3-Bn;also the Valentine Quadriles the Lone-Bride Waltzes. and the Kitta-Katta-Kyno adLilly BakerPoks ameaU inthe PmA. 31ISTA for Freb.. No.191. price 2a. or pest free2ICatanspa. Pianists. oMoe67. Paternoster-row; orhy onler of all book ad music sellems ]POU COp11C ONGSfor 3d, Mlusic and WVords 8021' MUSICAL TEX&SIUlY. London, I Aeter's-bill, St. Paul'% and alu booksellers; west-end agent J. Mabley. Strand. EICHARD the THIID as sung b,y Sam Cowell written by HlUGO VAMP, fut published in the MUSECA RIXASURY, price 6d.. with o"e Eiblihent in Cdoums All Vwl' stComic Songs Cd each, Davidson, 19. Peter's-bill. St. Fal', and allbooksellers. west-end agent~. .Mabley. 143, Strand. SOIEand SCHOOL HYIsIN-OOK-~The munsic JZ."words of 101 hymnsi, arranged oni a norel plan, every word tho3ccopanyis. Friclx6d.,nclotboym. DvldsPeters-hjll, and Paterraoster-m.r;west-endagent, Mabley. 143, Strand. NIGHTNGAL's SOG tothe ~SICK and lnow reaely in DA~fiDSON`s PC Kihinas rie6d. ALungby Miss .FPearceand Mr.RussellGrover.-L9, Peter's. 948, outh of8lt, Pl'an; west endsagnt, J. labley, 43,Strand. W~E HUNDRED SONGS, by ERY RUS-. 01Y1EI1,, for Is.. pwst free, 14 stamps, musie and wrords, amung whirls are-Te Old Arm ChairThe SWi on FIre, Man the LifeBoat, Thmws' Room Enough for Al Good Ti-me Coming Come Brotbe*s ArouSe, an1al r.luselbbs songs. Davidson, l0, Petee's-hill SI, 15111's,and 311 boolbellers; west-end amet. J. hlabley. 143 Stmand. Falkz JUsI'ALWORLD, for 1855.-Jurst pubJLlse,price 20s., the volume for 1815, conRchr Wager's Oper:aand Dnr1is, and an immnense amoutatof andi Tnfcmnaiooelaingto Music. Aoth oueor15,conItainimn ~1ITHER-SCHOOL, by (JAEL LANE: a os sem. Piclis&t PulihedbyGusavSehsandn Laond Co.,t8u IIT YRAILWAYS DO NOT PAY.-See BELL's -Sius ipotat roeTIMES,i alaet and w lleheNewOoL th-e Week doesti, clonil, oreign and political failthfully d chofild Waerologiiluto r ath-teet, oneae-te,Lnd. TLLUSTt_Rze;ATEd TIE,alleky;Vl I,ee to mSWZr,aplctouial and dnexcrllptie fromnhEpdition. pl to ?&tertopeto lustop Tl'iNViewSofteItro teCt and aofe AL thPEsRioS ZOtSIeiL'Wok of the B reseg oeers and athBeieged and conon tahin -gwfuaeCoyitiescrate wayccAunt y of the bookns Vstto~als,on the ling rt CrTONiandSVtON nhispapermty and o allvtertisif agentseof5 StheDa. ?MEETIMEG and CHRLIACLT-TH eT AISOLD, to53 allth boun,nddon Newscaelsentucndiion AUpply to anr. Slnope. ~~ Oxford-street, Hmyde-parkr.ofth ¶'HETATIO1ERS aPr l h DIYPPR rrcountiest caraA. re,t e Werstinsotwnnth BastLEen lTIaES, o tpph a thoi oktlsnteis,ot _po6t-e stMpby-th rmomingsn envening mal,tal at h LAe.fu onorsno Newspaprs 5reguale UPLE,an ue Jnte Annualdomr the ConiLnt th Seulf-Pates ou War. Cornstrapi Ic,k e.Ndro,-u strli,endryall patsof Plthesworld Aidvertisementse onslarge - pnapternewsapers Ai stforlt8 wihdaso publicatien,ine yt-0offlo egiaioide &., s,Aton aplcto.Sb Lntosrcie * sss,caOve EsNGfRwAVdedGS.-oflpstaretioanysr OfthrRocksd KingPeriodicase &c.SOin andsuprorsyles,nawvemndosabeleprics. and atatonce,Acuc-ad,ad79Cno-treet, rltim-o&'= n nesimty, London Eats ECHAINERS, PinLTers, PAF,iusrt lTALEarietes, of thechonicesmtvaiety. withKy tastbe hand V elegance, from Is tor bys. fowredtatdrs on receipt oftw tm.Aloifra Iction tam s,-ti Proisio PSal enrvn%fle 9 rccuoi 5'rot, ourdoos fom ombrd-tret.o o i ob ih un Sc.Rropea senr. 10 W. LR.platen,tb ainent and otheors, nlre.ofpot-efi( morer. JA 01tYODpulse1 n. - aAs, Sc..Tin of superior tl,areonbspis,y supeORGon mderAteN ~ designe Mandfaenurverd nod.sp Cona-sxireet, Irs's-nn-road.Lpeimns andetmtsps re r. A STAW orISA .E A PLATE, ill-usptrlt. varieties,of mechainical montitons, BASthSy VIOLIeNha JLe on1ee a aeFu pplcto,orb otarcit o1 Mnfitwo stampsetls safodnnd DROHMl ienTSor ofy qaupnot riigqaity. Addmt .R Uelsomy near Church. dainction.lbl,md oOdr ecat n h rd supplied,tnemoderat Ctel9rms MnuatuedbyW. OSLIS C0uanal-bridet. O Ken tt-odLondiaond. riemdrae AX iLX STrLAW ftnlg-orALE, Piliout 30 togiens.Ape l thtote am toC.%TgR, aaceTfrhemBREDley Kenot.U MU fbe SOLD, ba rgiv,ateno-onetraSS, V IOglIran. nVETTame AeInt. XApplyat 91,hMansestanxooet, tingland- !ud RPO RTERws oandrk asToUTol BoUGHlap 9rose poer. .To brel givc eniforedn qant ity, Addoee SttonA. BI,qMies'f lirary nArboChurch, =odrligowGrs. hm arL othebesAT,r Larges STOCKi alwndon.Pie mondert. Cao 4toaic barlogssoit praices sdigtl o and anie'sIntrctrnrtds-30,O for-street ,C1 OLD Q bArTZ.-G.OA an CURS ,LL endeCo. Redumec- tIVnMowr Tas, SusendingoandFile bter tlowgiernotic, that theyu sOm¶ldArts f 0Iorral,gamtherraes dU O cofseratoriesfsuerior kbythirnimproved paen iPerocss.l eracttA tbgmi.oi. Pr-srivt late Contacd. igl-rm J and sedoectiwon ow atwrk H alSSU Pan oldemrkbl To tbe hadlcheacy dfteivredlotrsin lhde-rs- dStaton Inquirega of Mvr. Abott,OLD, Bedford-row, Gray's-inn. XrDUhMPSit chPooretbe),fr bulnet biders xaaos n otuere.-eavielL landgie SewOCe alwyseonehnd. frmI t9ic bathels,tl werit h2pano slidi nd alc sucnti on itnsllkns fup mad,en. Mayed,o oen btiWals-Br. MO'ulloand Co,gnea ngnes 1hteri3sgtet,V,-sret Ornaeontsforbalas, airdens,ternaces,edand cnsrvtorime, o superio wmHtir. pate ip. in, patent7 impherishable terr 8icttw.de. 1Praed-Pic treet,; dgewiare-ad m,an xe,wti ~fv-Tl-IS LoEdPAPERStfor MKIN OxfLdt WtearSea-Atet URli Eleto of EAD.-HATISSU PAPERS, ~rouc ruemrabl fo h brmilenceo theidor ce oursnd allndes dittevaieate oins eeryto colours sand lon rengeitiofea MPer enalretnts. WIHolesaleand reCi., Eau-PetrMAultl n. 1hZ Regoent-sre wt, lotenwptn JOb O LD AE- YU.bedismd ed for b1a(ostgIn- pI n nw Pctres ad__0_ N-P -Cy .Pr,lsAns ithchoOmSeD.terblne to bvite tfo effects of =tltempra tu eae da,andwxr ine jewam eloled >movayementgItisemimAparoqec by -the ltt ear ito bapia had, and a warranxty for gieetsmacorrcns woil of tevn. Mabe se enat Walesn MApuly octhes Streeeer Lu atertreet, t A CONSOLENGLAESS-For SA - eseon-band vondiion. late 3by G. fme7 nches hihr n 8 Ficeswie Lwesth price s et. ao bark win.Dlieehfo,untid wti 31ndomixte of Arendom-Aet 316and3t xodsret erDa-tet hees oetnreceiptof .ansapd urvlpe.RCatR ndC. Jusuacurs iland US.l eishpagaerwthns, s Bleewatck C Os-REGISTERED TUNFMVERISAL FURS]~ Gi~tise ine secureandtusefulever inented. Aprospctusentfeou era applicationtothemanufacturer, H-. Good.GO. Morae.eot B AFNMS-FHzeMedals 1851 Yirst-claslS5 D-Thericwinvented!-ACOUSTIC nST,RU'MENTS,tos,rileyfde- greeoeg~sfneu, however txtneme Can onsly be obtained of C. "tiN as invetor and mawer at his Paradise foe the Deaf,. 106, Stran London. AlsnE ein scelebra dCork Resplsatoes ;gPECT CLES,Teleseqpes~, &c.-Secured by Her aaw Royal letter Patent.-The Royal Exhibition, 'SI-3,W KWty1.invruted, very powerful waistcoat.pok GLASS3, the - teof a walnut, by which a person can be sena7ndka&oW. one mile suid a hal distant. Thiey answwer every purpose on a reac&-courat at the Over&qWbiua; Cosntry Scenery and shps are dearl seen at right SO les mum-; ther ame loyaluable for shooting, deer-stalkiug, yachtig 10W t 9,- gamekeepers, andt tourists. By He a $'~ ROWXftt~mPatent, for Valuable imroresestg in the miost - auweefu and brilliant telascopes E.1d1, camp ==g opeos and lPtespetlv gIscue t know thke distan-ces, pes~emsng so o extraordsbary owers that somue, from 3i to etiht inchr,2 with an extr5 !YsPe.pee.wuil show -distincty the Georgian, with his- sixstelliteg, IUW "-k gaftOi'Slsnf. and thde double str;wt the mine so o ntenance from 3 toS miles dIstant, *Ad an OWAret froms 16 to 25 slass.-Mees. 801,03 N *. dans,, Xave invented spectacle lenses of the greatest ka..aet,n., 1he ,Aluable advantage deriTed from this iavTcntil nist"tiatini. 1i-iul?i&mMing stmained heated weakened, andl iiloinoew~ case Mae0iOiyinUre.i, tisPnWierd and Strengthened;"ad vesyxO,&W 'onsaeenabledto, emp oythir xt the most= I dut o¶s-~ Caftseeuitlitb6aoslees o aranchleessmgiyga n hyd ast ainqnire th feremoat ob~~a t hedngro effects of finches =Zfad aegisAnce. Invidbie aco,sstia.inusranent, for relief ofex m*0-0.AIbsamarle-stree1to ccailly, FOR NDN R TOTWRK-hRYa - fr ADrTa bVlon ing to 3. D F andHSOth . NewW ZBU-sRYe.wr Ho.BcrI AI. .Gratl-tre b esm nster. . Itresldent-Tbord,t Hon. ReyEar ohale RAFESUI. IJeutt.n L WHE.AC.LM DEEY To,hFruonr-JoaMP. Coarter Wode, Esq. Ho. F. eotares-lee, st use.Il ;iSme Moroh nPtolB arn . E Siredar Heny Ain, B It. Re. Challers T umsen. BA.L ChankeCHossley. Esq., IL. Wey. S,Samel Marti LRey.tG.CoHd. Iiine Re.Rihr Mln_ Gheorgthe DrundAl Req. fo P Cm oyfrApdnt. D. O'Brien r F Oj.NSn rondr thlt hof Eq. ebrSary e MortoniPae, Dat The Public arc Invited to inspect the new buildings, which -will show the effort nmade bythe Committee durin the recess to render the Institution efficient for its all-imPortant objects, The Comnmittee earnestly trust that, uinder really efficient superintendence, a larg numrber of criminals will he reformed by undergoing the system of probation and training peculiar to thia Institution. The inmates ale boarded lodged, and taught a trAde for 12rmonths, The nnua exense are£350; te anualsubscriptions, £700. Subcrptinsan doatonsreeied y r.Thomas Deane. the Depty-oveor,at he nsttuton;by -.Thomas Peperall. 27, CIAMBIDRG IUNIVERSITY ELECTION.- Days of Polling: Thuda' Feb.' 7 rda. Feb. 5 3rom 10 am, to 4 P.m. and Tuersday, FJeb. 2d6a From 10 sm. to 2 pm )f Damn' Cmmttee ails alya the Trafalgac Htl, Sprinz- card , Carig-am DWARD H. BfUNBURY. Chairman. AB RIDGE UNIVERSITY ELECTION.- C Thua Cmmittee for promoting the Election of the -Hon. G. DE'NMAN have had their attention calble to the quesMtlunof the paymnent of the travelling expenses of voters. As,independently of higher considerations, in ,appears from what has passed in the Court of E- che9uer Chambes thttecneuneo such payment May be to aToid the election, and to subject to beaayy penalties all who are parties to the traunection, the Commnittee have come to a rerolutlon that in no case Whatever will they be usifi~e~dInpayin sneuhe!; B3y order ofrtpA thC m ite, iEuRmY. (~A~IBRDGEUNIVERSITY ELECTION.- Mr.DENAIIs CMBRDGECOMCMIUPE SITS DAILY at hara-o.JAMES CARtTMEL. D.D. B. . THEEID King's College.Tr J. KL CROKEWR Caims College H. A. J. MUNIIO.Trinity CellJS C 'IA1tIRIDGE UNIVERSITY ELECTION.- Mr_ '. WALPOLE's LONDON C0OMMITTEE SITS DAILY at the Union Hotel, Cockspur-street. Chairman-Lord LWVAINE, X?., LL).D. Viee.Chairmaxi-ROBERT 0. HLLDYARD, KEP., q.C. ILA. B. t.CZ TURNEVR, A, f ecetris (, 'AMBRIEDGE UNfIVE'RSITY ELECTION.- Hr.. YWALFOLI7s CAbMBRIGE OOMMITEE SITS DAILY at S.Tr1i9 teet. ILSn BUrtarof Tkinor. ellow an THDLEY Trnty A. C. DAY. Csius, I -CI J. WV. TAYLOB, St. Peter's C -AM1BRIDGE UNIVERSITY ELECTION.- I In addfitionL to the ordinary trains, there wil be. on the 7th, 8th, 9th, and Ilth inst.. an YUNTRA SPECIAL TRAIN (lst and 2d clwa), whichx will leave Shoreditch Station at 9.55 arm., and return firom Cambridge at 9.15 pm. ;it wMl stop at no Intermediate station. MR.DOD's PAMLIAMIENTARY COMPANION fe,e I116 Peh 24th year is now ready, containing the 3SINew Mfembers the New Ministerial Appointmnrnte, the Promotiona in Arm ad NaTy, "c Whittakeranud Co., Ave Maria-lane, and all TFHEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.-Lesoee,' JLMr. ER T. Smith.-The reduced prices at this theatre are as follow n-Private boxes, to hold twro poisons, 1ts. 6d. (So. for each person extra) - on the grand tier, non gtuinea; proacenium and stage boxes, b Is.; gleries 6d. and Is.;, eit, 2s. i upper boxes, Is. 6&t'; Srst circle, 2s. 6d; drese circle, 5s--Dureng Lent the Morning Performances, will 'take place on Tuesdays, instead of Wednsdas.-HISEVENING (being Ash Wednesday) there wil beNOPWEORIANCE.-Tho performances terninate every evnig t half-past U O'clock.-Owmirg to the nighl overflow to wtesthe dirst comedian and the best Boys' Pnoimeee produced, ladiesand gentlemen are solicited to book their places eaLrly, to prevent disappointment. The free list is entirely suspended.. -Notice to tepblic: Irn consequence of the great applause and laughter bestowedupon the wonderful expeimnts Of the Wizard of the S.S.W. by S., the new asuib, entile Te Great Gun Trick. will be repeated every evening, with the highy successful Pantomime. To-morrow wfi be performed THE GREAT GUN TRICK: by Professor CharlesMrathews, theWirard0f the S.W.byS. To conclude with the grand coraieChrist apantomimne, HEY DIDDLE DIDDLE; orHreunKing Nonsense and the Seven Ages of Mlan. The scenery paitedbyMr?iliamBeerly.Two Harlequitw o Columbines, twoPanabons tw Srits, woClowns(Hry loedTm Mlatthews. rnaldne Risinsa half-past 6, n. .ninea . aetl or pna 1T"HEATRB ROYAL COVENT-GARDEN.- LGTitDETMUSICAL FZSRFCAI, and LYRIC CONGRESS THIS EVEN MG (Ash-Wedn esday), for thijsnight only, at plabouse prices.- Reappearanoe of the renowned prima donna, M1adame Caradori, in London after an absence of two yea-m.-Firmt apernethin season of Lucy Kscott, in- conjunction with an unprecedeted combination. of first-class musical talent, Vocal artistes :-Madsrme Caradori (prima donna of the Royal Opera of London, EAdinburgh, and Glasgow, her first appearanc in London for two years). M%adame Asnadeli, Him Enema Stanley, Miss lascelles. Miss Fanny Huddart, Miss Stabsbach, Mis Rose Brahsan, Miss Hasriet Gordon, 1iss Do Lara, and Lucy E.scott (her first appearance in London this seasn), the Misses Breurhianc. Mir. Augustus Brabaren, M-r. George Pereve. Herr Henreichi Jabns, dr. W. Lee (his firs appearance), Mr. T. Wi-lliams, Signor 3Mariarel, and Mr. George Tedder, Mr. Rosenthal, Mr. Win, and Mr. Hamilton Braham. the Orpheus GleeUnion. SololInstriunentalisis:Violins, Mr. Viotti Collins and Herr Iarmonhaye (solo violinlist toiler *Flte Mlr. J. Richardson; Oboe. Signor P ;Trumpt X Cencertina. Mr. George Case ;.Pianoforte, H.Alexandre Billet. Faul Band and Chorus. Musical Directors-Mlr. Loder and Herr Ansehuer Dooms open at hall-past 6 o7eloc1c, commence at 7. The box-office is, open daily from 21 til 5 o'clock, under the dircction of Mr. O'Reilly, Private boxes (which may also be taken at the libratries), £3 3s,, £2 Is.; £1 Is., and 322s; grand balcony, 4&.;. upyerbox, 2e. Ld.; amphitheaitre stalls 2..; pit. 2..; gallery, Is. Second price at 9 o'clock. THEATRIE ROYAL HAY2NARKET.-TO-' Tmorrow (Thursday), the LAAT MIORNINLG PERFORMANCE' of the paontommIee of THE, BUTr'ERFLY'S BALL. Doors open at half-Past I, commence at 2Z and conclude by e. To-morrow E- and on Friday and Slturday (in consequence of its great attracton). The little Treasure. Gertrde, Mis lanche ane; Captain Haydenblush,3Mr. Buckstone, After which,the Pantomm as ascod pee Concluding with Onl Halfpenny as perfrmed at3Windso asl bycemmoand of Her1Majesty. The ileaux' Stratagem on Monday next, Box-oflice open daiIy from 10 till 5. R OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - THIS JLUEVENING (being Ah Wedniesday), the THEATRE will be COLOSED. To-morrow (Thurs1ay), EHamlet. Friday, King Henrsy VIML SatuirdaY, The Corsican Brothems And the Pantomime eTeryerening. ¶'HEA TRE, ROYAL, ADELPHL.-Overflowinr' XHeuses-Great Success of Boots of the Hrolly Tree Inn, whci& will be repeated every nlgt. with the Grand Burlesque and Comice Pantemimne.-Last Three ~iigta of Mr. Wright-To-morrow ffumlday the illustrative sketch, eled BOOTS OF TEHE HOLLYTREE IM.; or, Thelnfant Elopement to Gretna Gresn. Cobb,% Mtr. BWebeter,~ thirdApe sinc me Chuistnras). 'With DOMEsTIC EcoNoxr URG I'VATE AFFAMRS:and the gradburiesque and comic Pantomime of JACK ALND THE BFANSTAL; or, Harlequin and Mtother Goose at Hfome Again. Jack and Harlequin, Madame Celeste ; Mtother Goose and Coluimbie, Mis Wyndham. Next Monday. M1r. and Mrs. Keeley. QTRAND THEATRE,-.THIS EVENING (A~sh Wednesday), a MISCELLTANEOUS7 PERFORMANCE, introducing M1r. Burmaine, the celebrated illusionist; Mr. Charles Sloman ; P'rofessor Taylor and Mdllie. Prudence Baldona, the cdairroysnte: ; Paris and the Corps of Spnh Dancers; M1r. S. Carliton and the Strand Ballet Corps. Stll fs, 4.; boxes Is.; pit, ls. ; gallery, Od& MR. IVILLIAMN COOKE's sgreat PERFORMIN-G MELEPHANTS at ASTLEiCs.-qhe astonding feats of these ponderous creatures, in their new French entertainmeut, entirely surPosses belief-the tumultuous shouts of the, nightly audiences truly estfy teir onde an delght.The lephnts exercises willembrace eacheveingtheche-d'eu'eeoftheelehanineart. Th2e ascent of the tee inlin7 o le, wdththa th anmals.fol-the wonderful ('IITY of LONDONTHA E-TI EVENV-./ MG, Yankee Pam-er ir. his AHEItICAN TABLE ENTERTAIN3MNT; the origiual Pell andI EthioppanlMinstrels; andyarious attractive novelties. THEATRE ROYAL, DRURYT-LAND. Lessee Mr. J. T. Anesmit. To-morrow Evnng H LACREAT GUNSAIC. H.~eso Anderson. TOcnld ithYE BLEALLIANCE. THCEATRE ROYAL, HAYIfMAEMr. Under the Managemenit of Mfr. Buckftone. To-morrw Evening. THE. LITELE TREAsuRE. By Mesrs Ilueksotoe, Howe. PAnssesSwanborough, IL Fase, &;c. After which, THE BUTIERPLY'S B3ALL ANiD THE, GRASS. HOPPERIS FEAST. To conclude with ONqLY A HALFPENN.Y. ROYAL PItINCESS' THEATRE. Under the Management of Mir. Charles MCean. To-mnorrowEvening will be p resented HAMYLE. Hamlet, Mr. C. Mea. o oncud wthHARLEQUIN AND THIE bMAD AND Muz MAGPrIE; Or, The Fairy Pmardisa and Hanky PWank the Enchanter. __ _ _ _ _ THEATRE RoyAI, ADELpHI Proprietor, Mr. B. Webster - Directrems MSadame CeIest~.- To-moriow Evening wil be presented BOOTS OF THEE HOLLY TREINN; or, The-Ifat Elopement to Gretnx Green. Cobbs,Mr. B.Webeter. After which,1 DOMESTIC ECONOMY. To befollowed URGENT gE-AAFyA1ES, To conclude with JACK AND ROYAL OLYMIC TBEA.TB Lmee, Htr Afredwq wig, To-morow e US WDF-r G. Vilg and 3Mrs Stirin. THE DhSCBEr PRNCESS; or, The Thre Glass DlBfi-Mes F. Rob Em, Danver, I Cooper, Clifton, 3.E HWbite )3inei Juia St Gerge Terse, MaCW=A _:af Mayna, and Stephe. Commence tjpst 7. TO COERPSPONDtlrS Our readers are requested to observe that the price of 17ie Time is reduced to 4d., and that is the price of a copy 'with the i- -ressed tamp AMXeL Under the amrended regulations of the Pot-Office (No. 60) The Times is transmisible bg Post to British colonies and foreign countries inthout, an impresedi xtamp. We anoi undertake to .ten rejeed commz;aioa . . epubilcetlond fhe at cTng commenc at5 ocloc ysQte ra -. menin, an finshedat a qrtrto 10.
I LONDON, WEDNESDiY, FEBRUARY 6, 1856. The House of Lords met yesterday at 5 oeclock. On the motion of the Lor.D CaAYcELoi the Lase and Sales of Settled EstateB Bili was read a xccond time. Lord BERKs incuired whether the Government intended to bring m any measure abolishing the laws of settlement -and the removal of the poor in England, Scotland, ot Ireland; or malcin any alte ration in the prent sytem of local taxation. - Lord STAwtYr of lAiLsnaiLiY said a bill had been prepared carryinR into effecetthe recommuendations of the comnmitteooo inquiry relating to the removal of Scotch and Irish poor, butt that no chango in the lEnglish law of settlement and removal was ~contemplatedL Theo Lotn CrtAcittton laid on tlho table n bil to erablo the Court of Quen's BenhIII to send for trial to tho Contral Criminal Court porsons charged with offencee that could nioro suitably be tried in that court than itt the court atWmetmirster. There was no doubt the Court of Queen's Bonch had the power of removing! the process fronan assizo town wherethere was likely to be a projudice algainst the accused, but whether it had the power of orderng the trial in the Central Critninal Court was doubtfttl. The object of the bill was to settle this difficulty. The House then rose. In the House of Commons, in reply to Mr. R. i PnimixOrE, Lord PALaSTON said it was the intention of I HER MS&Tiy's Govermment to introduce during the present session a measure for the reform of the Ecclesiastical Courts. MIr. GLYX inquired whether any step3 had been taken for giving stattttory notice to the Ba-lk of England preparatory to the revision of theirI charter, and whether it was the intention of Government to institute any inquiry into the worling and effect of the act of 1844 The COnAwCoioB of the ExonEQuLa replied, that it wrs not the intention of the Governtent, forthe present, to take any step for putting an end to the privileges of the Bank; that if it should appear to be the general wish of the House that there should be at present a Parhamentary inquiry into the circumstances of the Bank, and into the] operation of the existing Bank Act, the Govermment would not be justified in opposing the general wish; at the saume time it was their decided opinion that the present state of the country, of the relations of the Bank and of the currency, being extraordinary and exceptional, was not favourable for an exanmination of the affairs of the Bank, and it was not, therefore, their intention to move for such an inquiry. In reply to Colonel DumfE, who inquired whether it was true that an armistice had been agreed on between the allied Powers and Russia, Lord PIALEasroN said the preliminaries of peace had not yet been signed, and it was not until they were signed that the question of an armistice would come under consideration. On the motion of Lord PAT=sTON, seconded by, MIr. Dx3snArr, a resolution was agreed to expressingi the high sense entertained by the House of the dis-X tinguished and exemplary services of Mr. Winatx Lxv, the late clerk-assistant.I Mr. W. NVu.iAms moved for an account of the gross pubic income and expenditure in each quarter of the year 1855, stating the cost of the revenue departuients, including the Woods, Forests, and Laud ECevenues of the CBOWX~, made out in the same form as the account of the net income and expenditure presented to the House. Mr. WmsoN explained the reasons which induced him to recommend the withdrawal of the motion, which, after some observations by Sir H. WiLoUonBx and the CEANCELLOR of the ExcHEQuER, was withdrawn. Sir G. GP= moved for leave to bring in a bill to render more efficient the police in counties and boroughs in England and Wales, upon a plan, he said, rompatible with the existing systems of local management. Having stated the nature of the law upon the subject, as regarded counties and borough3 respectively, and that in 20 counties no ruralpolice had yet been established, while in several populous boroughs the force was wholly inadequate, he proceeded to explain the provisions in the bill. these eree of a compulsory character, although the ma- nagement of the police would be left in the handsi of the local authorities, power being given to the a 3ECB;ETR&x of ST~E to make rules, and inspector.si appointed by the UnowcT to visit counties and boroughs, and report the condition andmanagement of the constabulary. He proposed to authorize the Treasury on the reports of the inspectors as to the efficiencyofthepoliceincou'Ltiesandboroughs,toissue sums notexceeding one-fourthof the pavand clothing of the police in any county or borough, not to be charged upon the consolidated fund, but to be annually voted by Parliament. WVith respect to the smaller boroughs he did not propose to compel their consoidation with tho counties; but by way of encouraging such amalgamnation he proposed to issue no grant to any borough with a population which did not exceed S,000. The sum of 2010,0001., he believed, would more than cover the charge under the bilL A measure for the same object, he said, would be introduced by the Loan A1DVOCATE for Scotland. Sir J. P=GToN- expressed his satisfaction at the introduction of such a measure, approving its general outline, and at the same time throwing out tome suggestions for its improvement. Mr. NcsaIr likewise gave his general support to the measure. Brief remarks upon the scheme, generaly favourable to it, were made by Mr. DJEEDES, Mr. Rics, Mr. BIJCE, Lord LovAm, Mr. PALM-B, Sir H. STRACEY, MIr. P.mx, and Mr. Bssuiow, and, after a short explanatory reply by Sir G. Gnzv, lcave was given to bring in the bill,.a resolution to the effect that no opposed business be proceeded with after midnight, urging, in supportof it, the distressing snd injurious effects of long sittings in the house, For which, he insisted, there was no necessity, if time were properly economized and speeches were shortened. The motion was seconded by Mr. EWART, who drew an anusing picture of the state of the House during a protracted sitting, declaring that he had counted no fewer than 26 members, including, the FiEsr Mm-rnsR of the Cnowh, al hushed into repose while the business of legislation was going on. Lord PAxmRsToOa, in a humorous speech, resisted the motion, which-he thought was not calculated to accomplish any good to the public service. The motion was supported by Mr. W. WnLirs and MIr. BAss; but, upon a division, it was negatived by II1 to 50. Mr. PACKE moved for leave to bring in a bill to abolish church-rates for other than certain purposes,to mnake provision for the maintenance of the fabrics of parish churches in certain cases, and to: enable certain persons to redeem theirhlability toi church-rates, and otherwise to amend the law relating to church-rates. After referring to various attempts which had been made to adjust this vexed question, he proceeded to develope the scheme contained in the bill he wished to introduce. He pro- posed, he said, to abolish the rate for the perform- I ance of divine service; to relieve occupiers of rateable property from the rate, by authoriing the reduction of it from the rent; to allow owners of rateable property to redeem the rate by a moderate payment, and to enact that the making and levying the church-rate shall follow in all respects the poor-! rate. Sir W. CrA& c did not oppose the introduction of the bill; and, after afew words from Mr. E. BAn, leave was given. Mr. WigSsON obtained leave to introduce a bil to regulate certain offices of the House of Commons. MIr. Kmoo obtained leave to bring in two billsto consolidate and amend the laws relating to inries in Ireland; and to further amend the proedure in. and to enlarge the jurisdiction -of I superior courts of common law in Ireland. In a- Committee of Supply a resolution: was agreed that supply be granted to H MAs. TheHouse adjourned at half-past8 o'clock.
Some time about the year A.D. 2000 we shall have arrived at a uniform system of adminitration at home as well as in war. The traveller of that,day will find himself and his property under one and the same body of protectors wherever he goes, instead of one kind in the town where he breakfasted, another the moment he has passea the limits of the borough, aiothfir: when, after a. journey of ten miles, he has entered a her county, and another, again, on reaching the metropolis. There are many gentlemen Adh actually pass -through at least. four iyst6ms of police, having no commiuication with each other, every morning as they come from their breakfast table. to their office in the city.. r About the same time that this wonderful uniformity is attained E3ngland wi probably have her clergy stationed with some regard to the number of theor flocks, and paiac-irding to -their work; we zhaTl have found 6ut hou to deal *ith youthful :offenders anid ol ineorrigibles; we shall 'do romething more-for the education of the poor than quarrel about it; and shopkeepers will begin to have a consienee about adulterations, substitutions, short weights and measures, overcharges, and tuch tricks of trade. We forbear to speculate further on the probable achievements of that age, which must be powerfl indeed if it can triumph over the boasted anomalies and proud irregularities of our adiainistration. In fulfilment of a promise made last sesion, after various measures introduced and withdrawn, in accordance with several voluminous reports and strong resolu-- tions drawn up byParliamentarycommnittees in 18 53 and other years, and now l7years after the establishment of a rural police, Sir GEOPGE GrEY is very quietly and diffidently bringing in a bill of somewhat more general application, and with even a more ambitious title-viz., for a County and Borough Police. In fact, it appears that we are now ripe for further legislation, having advanced rather rapidly since 1839. The Rural Police, which, though strongly recommended by a commission of inquiry, was left optional by Parliament, has actually been adopted by 24 counties, which is at the rate of one and a-half a-year; or rather, if we throw in the Isle of Ely and seven districts, an average of a county and five-eighths. per annum. It is true that England was converted to Christianity rather faster than this, but there were miracles in those days, and it must be confessed our Rural Police have not been able to offer this attestation of their ulse. So, all things considered, it, is quite "going ahead" for a third of England to have availed themselves of an act of Parliament for the protection of their property and persons in the course of seventeen years. As Government should not be behind the age, Sir GEoRGE GREY very properly takes another step in the direction of a general system of police, still, however, confining himsclf mainly to those recommendations of the commissioners on which the act of 1839 was founded. As the sole object of Sir GEoRGE GxEe's bill is just to urge on the country gentlemen and the borough magistrates one half-step for the halfgeneration since the first act, people must not expect too much. The Specftcft relates that when Sir ROGME DP COVmRLiY had some country friends to breakfast with him at his lodgings in town, they took a quarter of an 'hour bowing one another up a single pairof-stairs; and that is still the pace of all legislation affocting provincial, or indeed any local dignities. It is now proposed to make the Rural Police " com" pulsory"-a very hard word, but not quite so hard as it seems.. "lHlvFs tempers the wind " to the shorn lamb," and not only is the number of the police left to the local authorities, but the measure is sweetened by a Treasury contribution to the extent of one-fourth the expense, dependent, it should be said, on the report of a Government Inspector. The authority of the Borough Police already, by a late act, runs into the county, and in return for this civility that of the County Police will now run into the town. Small boroughs have been permitted to amalgamate with the County Polce, and have availed themselves to the extent of a dozen or thereabouts; but the question is not yet ripe for a larger fusion of authorities naturally so disimilar. Government, however, now' declines to contribute to a separate police in boroughs of less than 5,000 inhabitants; so that if they still hug the dignity of independent beadledom they must do it wholly at their own cost. As for the assimilation, that is not yet absolute. General rules will, as now, have to be observed, and the appointment of the chief officer who chooses the subordinates has to be confirmed by the Home Secretary. Nevertheless, much will still be left to the local authorities. How much it is not distinctly said; but it is evident that, as the conditions of the question are substantially the same everywhere, there can be no objection to a high degree of uniformity. One ,is not much surprised to hear, indeed, that in Cumberland, for instance, the average of police to the population is about onefifth of that in Hampshire, for the latter, under the name of a county, comprises large towns and disorderly seaports. Police are chiefly required not to protect our lives, nor yet our flocks and herds, our gardens and henroosts; but to keep the peace in populous districts, to watch the crowded haunts of misery and crime, to protect the counter and the workshop from the pilferer,-all of them matters of the town rather than the county. In fact, a police must be in proportion not to population alone, but to population, wealth, and industry combined, for it has to protect aU three. Sir GyORGE GREY lays down very truly that without consolidation there cannot be either facility of management or economy of expense, and we must say we sympathize with the country gentlemen in their earnestness on the latter point. Change is so generally only a pretence for spending more, and improvement is so often the precursor of embarrassment in private affairs, that long experience warns people they will have to pay for a step in advance. We have heard of gentlemen excusing themselves from a reduction of their establishments, when the state of their affairs seemed to render it necessary, on the ground that they could not afford to retrench. The first steps were costly, involving the payment of small debts, perhaps a move, a winding up, and ready money enough to brave the publication of their poverty. -There are misgivings of this sort' in the present instance. How is it that the faster we improve, the more we reform, the harder we consolidate, the closer we affect to economize, in sober reality, the more we spend ? Indeed, one of the clhief features of the day is the costliness of all that is good, whether in a material, a motal, or a religious point of view. The purer the Gospel or the higher "the " tone of. church feeling" the heavier its demands on the purse; and even in a family you may generally find that the pious brother who is lecturing his light-hearted sisters on their, worldliness is daily making larger encroachments on the little family fund whence their fortunes are to come. So no wonder all our public reforms have been very expensive. Hence the very natural alarm ..of country gentlemen-and others at the enforcement of a rural police, and the comparison' instituted' betweei the cost of depre- dation and of protection. We can only advise our English NXAs to take a hint from the notable woman who, in return for- the safety of her husband's foks and herds on the naked hill side, conveyed a handsome subsidy to the band that had both spared and protected them., ,A stout farmer may, perhaps, be well able to watch himself, cudgel in hand, and will only be 'too glad of.an occasion to- try it on the shoulders of a nocturnal marauder.; but most people, in. these degenerate days, would'rather pay somhebody ito'do this fur them,go:to bed in good time, ield !no sterner weapon than the pen,- and cmfor I themselves 'for a heavy police-rate with the lthoughtb that it is better 'than, the vexation of I petty thefts, than broken bones, or even a bad cold and a long doctor's bill..
3 If the public expect that in the reports of the Commiasoners on the Army before Sebaatopol they wiii fina sufficient to make the perusal of tha evn- .dence u necsay they will be,-deceived.' We cannot?saythatthese reports are: unfairor -even inadequate; they are'simply cautious ..They form ..an epitome of the evidence, bat draw no conclusion.s The; results of the inquiry are plainly itated-the follies and- neglect which led to such disasters are uiciently exposed-but the Commasnoners mercifully avoid the fixing of blame, and leave it to the few who will study the volume to say wh:o is responsible fdor what is proved to have taken place. In the first report certainly the eCommissary-General is covertly 'alluded to; but in the second, where the duties of other and more highly placed men are in question, there is caution worthy of an old diplomatist. Sir JOaN 3IN=L is, indeed, too practical to attribute all that he saw and heard of to any abstraction of "system" and-usage, or to lay the blame of an army's destruction on the economical habits 'of the people which had voted readily; and even with eagerness, everything necessary for the war. He merely directs attention by his report to the evidence which he appends to it, and we therefore must examune them together, if willing to form a just judgment. It will be seen that the second report relates more, especially to what is called the Qnartermaster-General's Department. We may therefore at the outset inquire what, is the Quartermaster-General, and what are hIis duties? Sir J. NmrN put this question to General AmEv, who held the post, and received the following answer, which is significant, as a sign of the spirit in which our leaders in the East regarded their duties. At the very outset of his examination General Amys hastens to state that, " beyond regu"lating the issue of camp equipage, the Quarter"master-General has nothing to do with the ques"tion regarding the sipplies of the army and its "transport." A. sound principle of non-interference in embarrassing responsibilities was the basis of the Quartermaster-General's military character, and will be -found to influence his every action. As far as we can judge, he was ably seconded in his policy of self-limitation by Colonel the Hon. AL xumi GORDoN, AssistantQuartermaster-General. A few paragraphs from the evidence of these officers will form a necessary introduction to any clear comprehension of the results stated in the report. Colonel GORDON, even as late as Mlay 28th, is hardly convinced that there had been any suffering in the army. We are told plainly in the report that a chief cause of disease was from the men lying down in wet blankets during the rainy season, and sleeping with insufficient covering in the bitter cold which succeeded; yet months afterwards Colonel GoBDON " is not aware that the question was ever raised as " to the expediency of issuing a third blanket:' He does not believe that the men were cold at all; after recapitulating certain regulation articles, and others which were added at a late period, he does not think that " they were so badly " off when packed 15 in a tent." He is somewhat piqued at the voluminous appendiecs which Colonel TuLLoo was preparing, and thus gives his opinion :-" it is very easy six months after "an event to prepare at perfect leisure a lot of "statistical returns, and to put questions upon "them which cannot easily be answered." He and his superior did all that they could, or at least all that- they dared do, having the fear of a great danger before their eyes. It appears that " a law"suit or dispute was pending between the Go" vernment and Sir H&Rrn S3n relative to the " issue of camp stores during the Cafrre war." " The commission, therefore, need not be sur"prised if we were anxious to avoid a similar "liability." 3uch is the spirit, such are the motives, of a man on whom the existence of a British army and the credit of the British name depended. Really a blue-book may contain reveiations more interesting than those of any correspondent. As for General Ai.EY, it is sufficient to say that he did little, because he conceived he had little to do. One thing is clear from his examination and that of his subordinate--that neither the Commander-inChief nor the Quartermaster-General would go beyond the strict line marked out by the routine of peace, or of a campaign in the most different conditions. Whatever the Commissariat had been accustomed to do in Ireland or Jamaica, in campaigns against Caffres or Canadian insm-gents, it must do on a desolate plateau, in the depth of a bitter winter, and in the presence of an obstinate and watchful enemy. Poor Mr. FI1DEr lived in a hailstorm of requisitions. Horses, mules, arabas, rice, fuel, coffee-grinders, sailing transports were all demanded of the Commissary-General. General AIR'Y confesses to " camp equipments" as coming within the sphere of his department, but as for the transport of the equipments to the camp, " this is a Commissariat service, and "it is impossible for me to give the rea"sons" for any deficiency. Another question is answered by " This is again a Commissariat duty," and the Quartermaster cannot interfere. " We "made a requisition on the Commissary-General -," " Lord RAGLAw endeavoured to impress on the "Commissary-General ;" " I think the matter was "referred to the Commissary-General," are replies scattered thicldy over the pages of the volume. It has been attempted to show that this unhappy department was conducted on principles of pedantic routine; but we think that no one who reads with common attention the book before us will deny that for shrinking from responsibility and from all work that could be avoided the two officers whose replies we have quoted must stand pre-eminent. - But at least the Quartermaster-General'has some duties. He tells us that he regulates and controls the issue of camp equipage, " tents, in"trenching tools, blankets," &c. Let us, then, see how the men were'sheltered and warmed. It is but justice to the Government at home to say that they showed foresight and activity in the despatch of many necessaries. The list of things tent ont up to the beginning of December is given in the report. A large quantity- was lost in the Prince, but the deficiency caused by this casualty was not sufficient to cause any long and serious suffering, as Constantinople-one of the largest cities in the world-vws near at hand, and with slight exertion much clothing was actually obtained there. How, then, were the men supplied t Sir J. M 'N= tells us that "no circumstance was more dilated upon " by medical officers than the condition of the' "men, lying on the muddy floors of their tents, "with nothing under-them,but a blanket or great"coat, often quite wet."- Under the heading of "Rugs" we next learn that the- articles which bear that name and have 'no generic difterenicefrom blankets continued to arrive till' in the .month of January they amountea to 25,000. Yet, though all England -was in a feriQent at the news from the Crimea, - though every medical officer was sending' in 'applications - for something to cover the soldier or protect- him from the mud on whiclh he lay, such was the apathy of the Quarterimaster-General's Department- that- only. 800 rs *;were,issued 'these r6obably. havinng been -got 'out,.-,f store by some ersns.. :who; had. iacovere, th:eir exstence; he- Ctmmo ners ,say - :thatTthe'. quartermasterA of regiments had no notice from the head of the' department thaf such articlesa w'ere to be had, and if even they possessed such- knowledge the,issue should not depend on the application of these subordinates. ' We leam at last that the' rugs wer,e' perhaps withheld because the regulations duly specify "blankets I" , We, however, next come to blankots, On the 2ith and 27th of December, at the edommece;mer.tof the colda*eather, tS~oyveei alone brought 25,ODO, "a nuxmber sufficient to give_z third " blanket to evey man" Wl it be beieved that ' these were never isued? I ne 'omiggn6 in their quiet rebuke of Colonel Gtioes flippant evidence, observe that "he assigns r a rea3on for " the non-isue of many of -these supIliez that he conceives that the mien had enou'g zand then proceed to bxplain that this abundancebqas only towards the close of the winter, after nearly a third of the army had perished. They kcave, and evidently intend to leave, no doubt on te, minds of their readers how severe is their reprobation of General A'xys conduct and that or his subordinate. We have space but for one more.extract and it might provoke a smile if 'Bin could bring themselves to jest in the presence of suoh horrors. Great-coats were sent out in vast nu'.ers`, but were not isued by the department, because " it was Cnotmsial to have such a distribtion-,ft,ejr than " once in three yeas r' . We cannot wonder at the ignorant? that prevailed in some quarters at home, 'whei we Sad what persons are likely to have been fhe inormants. Colonel GosDoN was son of the Pmu3mEa. What intelligence was thePRxsm likely to receive irom one who thought that soldiers must be comforfable because they were 15 in atent? Colonel GoRD6xcc had a place at Court; what kind of truth was the QuEsX likely to hear from such a source respecing the state of her army? Yet both he and his superior are loaded with honoas and appointed to tile very places at home in which on active service they proved incapable, or worse. It is some consolation, however, in the midst of sel£ishne3s and nepotism, to think that truth must in the -end be heard, and that national feeling caunot be disregarded. Is it even now too late to ask for justice on those whose delinauencies have been threefold more fatal than the sword of the enemy !
In his histoxy of the Thirty Years War ScmLLEa pronounces a glowing eulogium on the character of GusTAvus AioLyms, enumerates the enormous 8ervices that he had rendered to Germany and the Protestant cause, and sums up the blowing panegyric -with the ungracious observation that there was but one service which remained for him to render to Protestantism and Germany-the service which he rendered on the field of Lutzen-to die. Something similar is the treatment w}ich the Encumbered Estates Court of Ireland seems about to meet with from its professed admirers and natural protectors. The Court is crowned with flowers like a victim about to be led to the foot of the altar, t'he drums beat, the trumpets sound, but in the midst of the applause the sacrificial knife is drawn, and the victim rolls in the dust. Nothing cau exceed the ardour of the eul giui which was -passed on Mionday night by the SoucrToa-GxNmsAL for Ireland on the exploits performed by the Encumbered Estates Court. We have: never been able to say much good of any of our tribunals in this country, and therefore we pay no extravagant compliment in recording that the Encumbered Estates Court has been by far the most successful legal experiment which, in an age of alteration and improvement, has come under our notice. Without any great pretence to scientific accuracy or enLarged principle, the Encumbered Estates Court in solving a practical difficulty solved also an arduous problem in adminidstration, in policy, and in law. The safetyvalve of the steam engine was discovefed by a boy in his anxiety to get away. from his work to play at marbles, and the only safe exit from the tortuous and intricate mazes of modern conveyancing was found in the effort to relieve a famished country from an insolvent proprietary. It has always -appeared to us that it was in this rough and ready adaptation to immediate necessities, in its occasional character, in the notion of its being adapted to meet extraordinary emergencies, that the Encumbered Estates Court found the elements of its great and undoubted success. Had it been one of the permanent institutionsg of the country it would speedily have been overgrown by the rank underwood which never fails, in Ireland especially, to shoot up under their shade. The able and efficient men who were carefully sought oat to -work the new court, so long as it was ragarded as a temporary and occasional measure, wouid soon have been replaced by men of the ordinary stamp, chosen from party, from political influence, from private favour, with only just so much personal merit as was necessary to float the appointments, if it had been considered permanent. The Sorjciror-Gxa-sxsi for Ireland asks us to make another great experiment. The Encumbered Estates Court, he teUls us, costs the country 15,000l. a-year. It has been in action for six years, and during that time the value of the estates that have passed through that court has been 17,331,6687., of which the Court has already distributed 14,080,0341., holding a balance undisposed of of 3,000,0001. These figures express with clearness and precision the amount of business transacted by the Court. In all this vast multitude of transactions only a single mistake, and that not as to a matter of title, but only a boundary, has been discovered, and that a matter of very trifling importance. So highly vere the powers of the Court valued by Irish handed proprietors, that in many cases they purposely encumbered and afterwards sold their estates, in order to obtain for themselves the indefeasible Parliamentary title which the Court was empowered to give. Theze being the facts of the case he. confess it is with no little misgiving we learn that this excellent tribunal is to be abolished and its powers handed over for execution to the present Irish Cour' of Chancery. 'We are told that these powers are to be extendea from encumbered to unencumbered estates, and that they are henceforth to tke their 'place among the i ordinary institutions of the count try. Will the Encumbered Estates Court retain its ordinary vigour and energy when tran4enrel from the domain of exceptional to that of permanent legislation? That there shoulld be - some power of selling estates and giving to their purchasers a Parliamentary title -we freely admit. We only doubt whether anything is to be gained by transferring that power from. those hands which h-ave. already exercised it so well to the -hnsi of the Court of Chancery, inx which it is as yet a mere. experiment. The weak side of Courts of Equity is not the want of power, for nothing can be imagined niore noble than the external fabric of their jurisdiction, but that they have uniformly overlaid their good prificiples beneath a ma of unwieldy forms and precedents, which have made the attempt to do juitice more intolerably cruel than the grossest and most persevering iniquity. At any rate, we should likle to -hear some better reason for the transfer of the Encumbered Estates Court to the Court- o Chan.. cery than its extraordinary sucoess, a- merit whih. seems to be admitd and dwelt upon principi!ly by those who are bent upon its. destruction. ,Wee shall be, ready to acquiesce in the Xwid img-up of the Enmbered Estates Court -when any other Court can be pointed out to tu vhich has - -worked - one- half as weVL Bit the hopes of Chancery reform ae in the Iuttte; the merits of the Encumbered Estates Vcart ame in the present, aud to barter the one fir
A Cabinet Council was held yesterday afternoon i at the Foreign-office. It was attended by Viscount Palmerston, the Maquis of Lansdowne, Earl Granville,the Earl of Haarrowbyi Sir George Grey, theEarl of Clarondon, Lord Panmure, the Chancellor of the 1E:chequer,- Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. -Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, and tho 3Duke of ArgylL The Council sat two hours. Her MUjesty has been pleased to confer a baio- smetcy upon Lieutenant-General Sir J. Burgoyne,> K.C.B., in consideration of the long and faithful erice. vrhich from an early period in the late war dowrn to the siege of Sebastopol huve connected his iiame with the principal achievements of the British ZMy. SuDmJ,z DmTiar oF A SxN-my.-A detachment of the-2d Regiment of Grenadiers of the Garde Inmp6riale was on dut:F, two days btck, intlie gnardhouse atPont Toumant (the principal entrance of the gardens of the Tuileries). In the nght, a corporal with some men went out to relieve the sentinels, and he was greatly surprised, on approaching one wvho had beenl placed on the terrace, not only not to hear fromhimtheusuaa cr,y of "Qui ricr' but even not to eceire an answer to hs own challenge. Goingtothe sentrybox ha found no one, and on looking about he discovered the sentinel lying at on the ground without movement. Xe caused him to. be removed to tho guardhouse, but a -medical man who was called in declared that he had died ot epoplexy. The man, named Heyrand, who was only 26 years of age and very strongly built, had not complained of any indisposition. NovaTy n; :Atmwrscy.-At the Liverpool -Bankruptcy Court yesterday, at the dividend meeting i. re Thomas Walker, fornerly proprietor of the Clarenont Hotel in that tow, Mr. Frodsham, attorney for -he asignees, congrtulated thecreditos on the fact that throughi the instanmnenb.lity of the Bankruptcy Court they would not only receive their debts in full, but interest Aikewse. MT CommissionerTPerTy said there bad been several similaLr cases in that court reeenffy-. Walker, the lbankrupt, absconded to America som e timeagvo. It wa thought ho had conmitted suicide, as the mangled rema ns ef a man, supposed to be WalVker, wore fonnd, soon after ho absconded, on one of the local lines of railwy. It has since been ascertained tha he woent to u serica. A. Hix!r fTo Tsu!xsmEt.-The case adjudicated in the Court of Queen's Bench on Friday mig,ht be the case of any lady who goes to purchase goods at a linendraper's shop, and goes not in a carnage, for there is of coulrse the utsual -distinction for " carriage customersX' in tecase of all mistakes. If Charles Dickens had desired to exemplify a parti cular kind of wrong endured by the unoffending. he could not have ivented a better army of circumstances than we fnd in the plain story of the facts. Lieutenant Greaves is an Asistant Poor Law Commissioner and has been an officer in the Gu%rds, a combinationofcircumstanceswhich implies social standing and attested character. But Lien-tenant Greaves has grown-up daughters, who are unmarried, andwho most meritoriously seek to sustain themselves by their independent industry, two at least being employed in well-known millinery establishments. One -of these younn ladies is bliss Eliza Greaves, whose appearance ana manners are - such as might be expected from her birth. Good looks and en aging deaneanosmr are not in all cases bestowed by birth and edncation; but at least such natural endowments assist in setting forth the advatanes of early training, and leave the least excuse for uMakinmg tIme mistakes of hasty presumption. liss Greaves liud occasion one evening to make some small purchase at a linendraper's shop in the Regent-circus. eore leaving her home she borrowed some silver of her sister-two halfcrowns and a shilling. She made her pur-chaseand paid for it. There as some delay in giving her change; while she was waiting in the shop the cashier, accompanied by a policeman, approached and charged her with uttering forged money. The first reply of the young lady was quite natural - instead of contesting the badness -of the money she simply said that she was not aavre of it -of course presuming that the cashier was a better judge of coin than herself. He charged the policemen to arrest her. Althongh -o-,i-o of her 1 as,oo, .: dld ret make Anr theatrical stand upon her rights, but laid her plea for being -i-red the ignlominy of an arrest upon mercy, -entreating that ,he might not he carried off in custOy. It w3s remarked, however, that payment in bad money had become so common that it was necessary to make an ' example," and accordingly " an example" was malde of Idia Greaves. -he was taken by the polictnuan to the ontside of the shop door, kept there for some time in the midst .of a crowd, and then led through the streets, followed by -the cashier and one of the shopmen. A second appeal was :Made to the mercy of the firm. The young lads sister went to the shop herself, insisted that the money was not bad, and claimed the release of the prisoner. By night time it appearsto have been discovered that the coin impun ed -was not bad after all, and the inspector released his charge -on bail. The sole excuse for the cashier consisted in the fact that the coins had accidentally been placed in contact . ,with qcksilver, had become covered with that metal, and probably looked greasy and sounded dull A piece of silver mn that condition is no suel rarity; and everybody who is accustomed to handle coin in large quantities knows the various anomalous aspects that the best netal may at times bear. An indifferent countenance for a halfcrown piece is -certainlynot sufficient evidence againstthe ingennouscounte-nanceofareallady. It isquite true that theproprietors of large linendraperyard millinery establishments are liable to frauds; quite true that they must protect themselves. Bat we believe it to be a fact that in all well-conducted establishments the loss by such means is calculated in the tariff-s -of prices, and a proper guard is kept equally for the protection of the proprietors and of the Innocent customers. For -re must remember thatthe protection is even more re uired by the iinocent customers than by the innocent propnetors. *Wnat loss in money could inflict the same kind of pain and terror upon .ay party to this act of "nakin'an example" -tha' must have been struck into the heart of t,latyoung girl by the charge, by the e.xosure, and by all the incidents of a police court' And let us remember, too, that it is not -everygirl whose i' helongingsnwould so completely establish her caracter-as happened-Iortunatelyto bethe caseintlie instance of Miss Greaves. The defendants pleaded in court that they had published an apology in the nevwapapem and had tendered indemnity-the indemnity they calculated at -1O The Court did not consider the damages sufficient, -and the public -certainly will not considewr that the damages awarded by the Court-20.-were at all excessive. A Tmri 1ExCU-roy; nI ISD} A-Three men, named lice; Drskill, and Stocking, were recently hung at -afayette, Indiana; the scene is thus described in a local journal :-"1 At 12 o'clock theyI were asked if they were ready for dinner. Rice replied, I'Yes;- I am hungry.' M. Li I ll sid that he wanted ' a good old diner, as it was -the laste;'he didn't 'want to diehungry.' He remarked to 3tc,'Well ~et su gersomewhere else, Abe.' The dinners wre hroughtm .and espatched with great heartiness. After 'dinner each oftthem in turn washed and dressed himself for the final moament. They could not have made their toilet with nmo-e deliberation and coolness if they had been goinge to a frouc. DriskiilL when washing, remarked through the -window, near which he was sta,nding, to some one outside, -that hie was ' getting a goodi redy.' In putting oni his shirt, Rii:e discovered that there wasa button msig. DrIsl tolI him to sew one on; Rice rephied that he hadn't time. 3)riskll nonchalantly rejoined thatthere was 'an horet f' He complimented Rice with lookin 'd-d starchy.' Rice, as hefinished, observed, 'Well,gentiiemen, Ireckon therewas 7nev-arailligersoul to diethanlarm' Stoc12n,esidnothing but cenductedhimself(ashe did throughont vath dignityand fru Iess Hewasdressedinabluefrockcoat, lackclothpants, blck satin vest, boots, and hat, presentin, a veryrespectable al-Pearance. %-hen he was done, and his arms had been pinmined, he sat down on abeach and piekedup anewspaper. which he composedIy readuntil thepreparationsof the others were completed. Rice was dressed in twvo pairs of drawers the outward pair being woollen knit and fitting close, and bes. He wore neitneo coat nor vest. Driskill wore nobhing but shirt, pants, and socks. Before they were led ont. t.ote scaffold, t ey passed around the ceIls and bid adieu to the other prisoners. Stocking presented one of them with xcne shirts- and a handkerchief and hat, and to ancthera Bib'e and Prayer-book. He vouchsafed to them alI a word of a(laiue, telling them to avoid bad company and liquor, and to treat their parents, if they had any, well; he had Me'ver done justice to his. At 2 o'clock they were broight upen the scaffold, which, as we have previously derenibe, -was erected at the north-cast window of the courthouse. ion e al or 40 persons were withinthe inc7osure. Rice, on entrn addrcssedtheaa with'Ho-wdoyoudo,gentleren" aiden re zing a numaber of int-nce, called them up ad shook mands with thelim. They were then asked by the sheriff if they had. anything to say. They then each delivered an address, protesting their innocence, but stating that tJey died willingly. The sheriff piocecded to adjust the fatal ropes. Rice regnested that a stcol whichhad been p e-d forhisaccommnod.ttion onthescaffoldmightberemoved, mtd et Iis reqrtest not being immeiavatelY complfed'with, he reoed it himself. Eleth'ey knelt down; in'clined his hsad. fftewar,I, reamarlcing that he had 'seen men hung,' by which we understood that he regarded that as the proper position. J)miail4 Ott Observing it, said, ' Abe, are yout going to ucne!]?' Rice answer,d ' yes.' He then turned to Stockirgainsi sid, ' Stock, which way is the easiest.to die-kn0eel Or stand? I wantto die the easiest way' Stocking repliedl that he should stand, unless there was danger of the ropeI treaking-. The msheriff assmred_ him -there wa&-mo clinger. Hfe therefore stoodu, but Dri3kil kn'eeled. -Theaapswere.I then drawn over thei faces;, and at 22A minute~ after 2 o'cloelctho bolt was withdrawn, and the-culprits launched intot eternity. None of them gave evidence of protracted Nxw STsEsW YROsr THiE STRAyND TO CoVMrC-GAt3D!£-,Yesterday morning workmuen conmmenced takinu down the Boars Head Inn, Exeter-street, at thetoope? 3]uleigh-strect, for the purpoew of conatructing thenew street from the Strand to Covent-garden. It w bd:a con- tinnatbn of Barleigh-street, and will cros Tai-istock.streec, and run into Covent garden by way of Tavistock-row, one sde of which will be taken down. The noirtreet wll be a &rea convcnienge to th-e jziighlbourIoo&
-SECOND EDITION. I THE TIMBS OFBIVE, Wednesday Molng. I I_ - .EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The followitg is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m. The following letter, dated the 24th, ha been received from Constantinople:*. " The sensation produced by the news of the acceptance by Russia of the Austrian propositions has by no meQns subsided here. 'The speedy conclusion of peace is fully believed, and a day or tvwo ago it was rmuoured that an armistice would be proclaimed forthwith. "There is reson to fear that the unlooked-for chnge in the policy of the Cabinet of St. Petersburg may produce a certain degree of perturbation in the trade of Constantinople. . Immense quantities of provisions had been purchased on the certainty of the continuation of the cant paign, and if, as there is reason to believe, peace be made, great losses will accrue to houses that deeply engaged in the proviion trade: in the expectation of the energetic resrunption of hostilities. "Conferences are held daily at the Seraskierate on the question of the situation of the Christian subjects of the -Ottoman Empire. The Grand Vizier takes part in them, as also the French and English Ambassadors, and Prince Callimakl. The Turkish Government seems most favourable to reform, and the most satisfactory results are expected. The French Almbassador has received from the Sultan the decoration of the Medjidi6 of the first class. . " The 3d Regiment of the Anglo-German Contingent has lately arrived at Constantinople. It has establishedits encampment on the plain contiguous to Kululee, and which contains already 4,000 men. General Shirley has arived at Constantinople, and leaves to-day for Varns; the outrages committed lately by the Bashi-Bazouks render the presence of the General in that place necessary. Apropos of Yarn, I have to mention that after various operations it has been discovered that the submarine telegraph was broken about 25 miles from Cape St. George. A portion of the wire hbs been found, but the weather is not yet favourable to the operations necessary for searching for the other portion. Baron Tecco, the Sardinian minister, leaves' Constanti. nople on Monday next for Turin. The First Secretary will take charge during his absence. Mr. James Brant, English Consul at Erzeroum, has been appointed to the same post at Damascus. Mly last letters from the Crimea are of the 19th, but they mention no fact of importance. The weather was still fine. The north forts had almost entirely ceased the.r fire, though it was not believed that the Russians werO aware of the acceptance of the Austrian propositions. General Lelbcuf, who had been sent by Marshal Peissier to Kinburn, in anticipation of an attack from the Rursians, has returned to the Crimea. General Vivian hgs made the greatest efforts to complete the fortifications of Kertchi and its environs. The Circassian deputation, whose arrival from Anapa I announced in my last letter, left the day before yesterday for Trebizond, whence it proceeds directly to the head-quarters of Omar Pasha." The following telegraphic despatches have been received:- "M MARSEUMSS, Fm. 5. "The Euphrate has just arrived, with dates from Constantinople to the 28th ult. "The Sardinian Ambassador had an audience of the Sultan prior to leaving for Turin. " General Vivian has had 2,000 horses purchased at I Bucharest for the Anglo-Turldsh Contingent. "Accounts from Sebastopol to the 22d state that the news of the acceptance of the Austrian propositions by Russia was at first disbelieved, but when doubt was no longer possible it caused a feeling of complete stupefaction "1 Trade at Kamiesch is suffering severely. The excess of supples has caused a great reduction in prices, and led to several failures. "^sAccounts have been received from Kertch to the 20th, but they are without interest. "Letters from Athens, of the 31st uilt., state that eight brigands had been arrested and executed. The Greek Consul at Smyrna has been dismissed." " STOCKHOLM, FEB. 4. "ML Bjornstjerna, Chamberlain to His Majesty, has left for London to present to Prince Albert the Grand Cordon of the Oror 'S the Seraphim. "Baron de 3landerstroem, now Swedish Ambassador at Vienna, will shortly replace the Count do Lowenhjelm as Ambassador at Paris." "BERLIN Fm. 5. "Negotiations are going on at Franlefort between H. von Rechberg and HL von Bismark as to the attitude of the Diet. "The States of Central Germany claim to be represented at the Conferences. "The petty States of the Confederation unite with Prussia against the adoption of the propositions of Austria and the Western Powers." The ship-of-the-line Jemimapes sailed from Toulon for the Black Sea on the 3d instant, and, on the 4th, the friggate Psyche entered Toulon, coming from that sea. General Espinasse, Commander of the 3d Division of the French army in the Crimea, who had obtained one montl's leave of absence, has left Paris to return to his post. A Paris letter in the In-dipenince, of Brussels, states that the municipal authorities of Paris have already given orders for a magnificent cradle to be got ready for the expected infant of the Emperor and Empress. It will surpass, it is said, in taste and exquisite workmanship the famous one presented to the King of Rome. The following is a brief description of the work in question:- "It will be in the form of a boat, the principal emblem in the arms of the city of Paris. At the prow will be a silver eagle with outspread wings, and the curtains at the head will be supported by an Imperial crown, also in silver held up by two children, one wearing a helmet, andthe other bearing round its head a. olive branch, emblematic of peace. The body of the cradle stands on two columns, one at the head and the other at the footb and united by a rail beneath. The columns will be in rosewood, beautifully carved and ornamented with foliage in silver. The upper edge of the cradle will have a border of silvar filigree work, having on either side, aboutt the middle, small escocheons insilverbearingtheinitia3softheirMajesties. From these medallions garlands of flowers in silver will lead to the foot and head of the cradle. The curtains-will be of point d'Alengon Lace and blue silk embroidered in gold. The composition, direction, and superintendence of this beautiful piece of workmanship has been confided to K Baltard, the architect of the city of Paris." The Bond Creas made his final promenade to-day through the parts of the city which had not yet been visited by his predecessor, who, by-the-way, has already been beheaded, qtuartered, and cut up into steaks. It being the last day of the Carnival, the principal streets were crowded to excess, and the Boulevards, spacious as they are, were in certain parts blocked up for half-an-hour at a time by long files of carriages and foot passengers. The utmost exertions of the gendarmes and city police were required to keep a passage clear. The maskers were more nunmerous than on Monday, though this is not saying much, as the show seems to be declining apace. These mummeries have much degenerated; they have lost most of their meaning and point, and have only retained what is simply extravagant, 'without taste. Here and there, however, might be seen grotesque imitations of female costume, particularly that part which aLheady rivals and bids fair to surpass the most ex'aggerated amplitude of the ancient hoops, and which makes a-lady's dress resemble - the swell of a baUoon. This seemed to be the favourite costume of the overgrown gamiuas, and the mincing step wiTh which they ,moved along, in imitation of a lady in fiull toilette entering a baU room, was supremely ludicrous. The large ready-made clothes shops profit by the Carnival days to send out their vans ornamented. with flags and streamers, displaying the names and exellenceof therrestablishments; andwhileinrangers are constantly .reminded of any deficiency in thrir wardrobe, they are -also informed that the P#O py&te, P7ince Euene, la bet7e Jardiniere, le Palais ide r?ystcd, &c., will be too happy to supply them. Th munpery, - however, is evidently passming avay , with so-maluy of the old streets and alleys of Paris, and there isno reason why he who regrets it slhould not also regret the disappearance of.those ten-throat pa3sages, the cids-de-sac, where the day* lijght hardly ever entered, and which once filled It':e vat' apace letween the Tuileriea and tle Louvre, on 'which niow rises the noblest pile of buildings Jto to foutd anywhere. One.' can hardly bolieve that it has started into existence within the -last three years. The masks and -revels are disappearing rapidly. As it is they are chiefly left to the meest gamins, with the single'exception of the cortgpe of- the BIt(f Gras, and this' is kept up more for the benefit of a particular clasathan out of regard for ancient observance. . The Opera still has its balls on Carnival nights, more boisterous perhaps than ever, to the annoyance of those who reside near it, and whose eyes are not visited by sleep the livelong night, but in taste far inferior to what they were. At 4 o'clock, when the Boulevard was most thronged, the Emperor drove himself in a small phaeton along its wholh extent, unattended by any one as an escort. He-was well received as he passed. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 65c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-z-Half. per:Cents. at97f. 50d. ; and the new Loan at 73f. 40c.;. Orieans Railway Shares, 1,247f. 50c.; Great Northern, 935£. ; Strasburg,' 960f.; New Shares, 815.; Paris and Lyons, 1;235f.; ;I-yons to the bIediterranean, 1,380f.; Western of France, 845f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 735f.; Great Central of Franoe, 636£. 25c.; Lyons and Geneva, 750f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,5471. 50c.; Austdan Railways, 8561 .25c. Cours Avth sifqu&-PsaUs. Feb. 5-Cash PzicmFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 96£. 96f. 25c.; ditto second Loan of-1855 (35 per cent. paid), 96. 50c.; ditto Certifitates (35 cent, paid, 96f. 50c. Threo per Cents., 71f. 90c. 8.5c. 80c.72f. 72f. lc. 72f. 20c.; ditto first Joan of 1855 (65 per cent. paid), 71f. 75c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent. paid), 72f. 90c. 86c. S0c.; ditto Certificates (3.5 per cent. paid), 721. 90c. S6c. 80c.; Bank of France, 3,3S5£ 3,390 3,400f. 3,390f. 3,395£; Credit Foncier, 577f. 50c. 575f. 580f.; ditto Obligatioxis of 500f., Four rer Cents. 430f 43S5f ditto Three per Cents., 372f. 50c.; I em. Obligations of LOo0f., Three per Cents., 932f. 50c.; Cr6dit kobier, 1,540f. 1,42f. 50oc 1,545f. 1,547. 50c. 1,5ef 1,547f. 50c.; Discount Bank, 630f; Piehmontese Five per Cents., 891.; ditto Three per Cents., 571. 50c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 86A; Belgian Fourand-a-Bait Per Cents., 9O * Romans, 87k,* SDnsh Deferred Converted, 24 241. 24; ditto Interior Ddbt 3Sl 3. Exchange on Loandon, at eight, mnoney, 2Sf. 30c.; three moatbs, money, AUSTRIA (FROM. o oU R eW CORSoNDENrT.) VIENNA, Fz .2. It is necessary to make the followintg slight alteration in the text of the Vienna protocol of the 1st of Februiary :-Instead of "Plenipotentiaires, lui, munis des pleins pouvoirs necessaires pour proe4der ia la signature des preliminaires de paix formels, concluront au armistice," etc., it should be, " Plinipotentiaires munis des pleins pouvoirs ne'cessaires pour proceder it la signature des preliminaires de pain formels, conclure un armistice," &c. In consequence of the omission of the words "et pour' (and to) before the word "conclure," the sentence is heavy, but its sense is, that the five Ministers agreed "their* respective Governments should appoint Plenipotentiaries furnislhed with the full powers necessary for proceeding to the signatttre of formal preliminaries of peace, and for concluding an armistice and a definitive treaty of peace." Tlle Vienna protocol was signed yesterday at a few niinutes after 12. The first person who put his name to the document was Isam Bey; the second, Count Buol ; the third, Sir Hamilton Seymour ; the fourth, Baron de Bourqueney; and the fifth, Prince Gortschakoff. It is said to be evident from Prince Gortschakoff's signature that his hand was less steady yesterday than it was when he signed the variousconference protocols some 10 months ago. There are many persons in this city who have no great confidence in the sincerity of the Russian Court, and they one and all express a hope that the Western Powers wm not grant a long armistice. The term propouail by Fiusain s IjA w iuurut3,n,, Uda this fact is calculated to excite some little suspicion, that her object is to gain time ',rather than to make peace. If the armistice were concluded for a month from the date, of the signature of the preliminaries of peace, it might be prolongedl should it appear advisable. In my letter of the 25th January, which appeared in your second impression of the 29th of that month, 'it is observed -that the words arseiuLuauc nilitaires rnari4imes must apply to Nicholaicff as well as to Sebastopol, and Count Nesselrode was probably of the same opinion when he forwarded his counter-propositions to this city. In the third article in the Austrian propositions is the following: " Consequently maritime military arsenals shall neither be constructed nor maintained (in the Black Sea)." In the modification proposed by the Russian Cabinet three words are introduced, so that the sentence reads: "Consequently maritime military arsenals shall neither be constructed nor maintained o- t Me Coasts (sur 7es r-ives) of the Black Sea." The proposed alteration, if accepted, would naturally have settled the question relative to Nicholaicef to the complete satisfaction of the Russian Cabinet. Information has reached me that the aIlies do not intend to insist on the neutralization of the Sea of Azoff; but the newspaper, Ge77mansy, contains an article on t he subject, which is well worth attention. The following is a brief summary of it:-- "1 The Sea of Azoff is, likely to give the diplomatic world some trouble. Is it, like the Euxine, to be closed against all ships of w-ar? If it is considered a mere gulf in the Black Sea, the reply must be in the ?ffnative. If it is viewed in the light of an inland sea,it is not under the interdict contained in the third article, and Russia can keep as many ships of war in it as she pleases. The Sea of Azoff is extremely shallow, but the events of the present war have clearly shown that vessels drawingbut little water may effect much.1" " Russia will probably, by the conditions of the expected treaty of peace, be entirely separated from Turkey in Europe, but her Asiatic frontiers will remain unchanged; she will retain her trans-Caucasian possessions, and mith them all the passes into Asia Minor. If Russia ever wishes to go to war with Turkey, she can, withont anything being known in Europe of what she is about, send great numbers of troops by way of the Caspian to her trans-Caucasian provinces, and suddenly make such a tremendous inroad into Asia Minor that she will carry all before her." The only radical cure for Russian aggression in the East would be to drive her armies to the north of the Kuban and Terek, but as this is not at present feasible the allies ought positively to insist on being permitted to trade with the mountaineers on the eastern coast of the Black Sea, who, being in correspondence with their brethren on the western coast of the Caspian, will always be able to give them a hint of what Russia is about on her south and south-western Asiatic frontier. The Austrian public, which dances as thegovernmental organs pipe, inveighs 'oitterly against the British press, and accuses it "of fanning the flames of war," but many experienced politicians are of opinion that the London press renders more real service to the cause of peace-fian the so-called " inspired" Paris- papers. The Mos.iten'r has hitherto maintained a dignified reserve, but some of the non-oficial French journals have certainly indirectly-though probably undesignedly-played the game of Russia. If an unscrupulous dealer observes that a customer has taken a violent fancy to any particular article is he not likely to take undue advantage of him. Is Russia likely to be more yielding because the French writers for the press have openly declared that peace is absolutely necessary. lThe Ministerial .Oestersreichisdm~ Correspondenz of yesterday ovenqing con. taned the following:- - -'As a consequence of the general acceptaxide the Austrian draft of prelimninaries of peace, the represeniatives of England, Frvnce, Turkey, and Russia mef at 12 o'clock ihis morning in the Imperial Royal Foreign-office in order, n company with Count Buol, as representative of Austria, to sign a protocol, by means of which the above-mentioned preliminaries of peace should bedome binding. " In the document signed this morning it is stipulated taat an armistice shall be concluded, and also settled that within three weeks from this day Plenipotentiar.es Extraordira y from the fve Courts shall assemble in Pras, who shal be empowered, after having formaly signed the pre- limi;aries of peace to-day p4raphed, to conclude a definitive treaty of peace. - - - - "The preliminaries of peace now agreed on wll be com nunic-ted by the Imperial Royal Presidial Minister to the Germnan biet, at the sitting which is to be held next Tliursday, the 7th. It cannot be doubted that the illustrioUs assembly will in the name, of the Geman Bumd, *rarmly approire of the result so happily obtgned." : LSome iuformation of interett has, reached me from Constantinople. The Sublimo Porte is said to entertain the idea'of making a definitive arangexnent with theiUlemnah respecting the "Vakonf"'or Church property. In order, howevei, that your readers may understand what is meant, a short account of the origin of the Vakouf must be given. For a long series of years the territory and. spoil acquiied: by - the TnrkisE armies in their va rions wars! was -thus divided -The Sultan had onethird,. the clergy (Ulenuih) a second third, and the principal warriors shared the remainder between them. The church property. wag held inviolable; but the Sultans were in the habit of laying their generals and otner subjects under contribution whenever the public treasury wat low. In order to: avoid such. a continual drain onAheir purses, their Majesties' lay subjects had recoure to a legal fiction, and entered their property in tha books of the Vakouf, for which accomnodatiofi a. smal sum was exacted by the Sheik-ul-Islam aAd the UlemaL. If the peopledied intestateorwithoutissue, the proerty remained in the hands of the clergy, and became to all intents and purposes "Vakouf£" At present the Church isin possession bfzieirly_t*vthirds, instead of 6ne-third, of the 'landed property won by the swords of the warlike Ottomans from their neighbours. This the Porto is desirous to obtain, and in exchange it is willing to pay a certain yearly sum as indemnification. It is related that Austria has proposed some very liberal measures for the Danubian Principalities, such as the emancipation of the serfs, the abolition of villenage and soccage, and the abrogation of a law which enacts that no foreigner shall hold landed property in either of the provinces. There is a similar law in Turkey Proper, but it cannot possibly be abrogated unless the foreign Powers a,,ree to renounce their right of jurisdiction over their subjects. This right of jurisdiction is sadly abused, and the statement is made on the authority of at least half-a-dozen members of the British diplomatic corps, who have served in Turkey. Strange to say they all declared, that by far the greatest scoundrels in the Tturkish capital were natives of Malta and of the Ionian Islands. Schiller's works are prohibited by the AustroItalian Bishops. The Austrian Bishops, some 74 in number, will assemble here in the month of April. The state of the public health is more satisfactory, but still the typhus is very prevalent. The prices of all kinds of grain have fallen considerably. The. Eggestorff system is about to be tried in the Austrian army; that is, the food of each regiment or battalion will be prepared in one establishment instead of each squad cooking separately. The Militaer Zeffieng has learned that the heavy loss of mules sustained by our land Transport Corps was solely owing to the abominable negligence of the men. The French suffered no loss 'worth mentioning, as they took proper care of their animals. A peasant, I 60 years of age, has been hanged in Upper Austria for attempting to poison, with arsenic, seven members of his deceased brother's family. The Oestcrreidtiscle ZeitUui has received the following news of the 21st January from Odessa.. Vast I masses of troops, consisting of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, continue to advance towards the Danube. I The troops have consumed everything 'within an -ar-- of I60vcrsts, so thattheteisa great dearth. The tschetwert of oats, which two years ago cost one silver rouble,nowcostseight,andthe prices of all other kinds of grain have risen in the same proportionL There has been a great mortality among the new battalions 'of Rifles, as a consequence of the. men having greedily eaten of the honey of the countri.. The honey brought on dysentery. " The death of Louis. Napoleon was reported in Odessa." Some days ageo there wVas such a conflict between the French and Turkish prisoners that the Russians were obliged to separate the combatants by force. The ringleaders were put into irons. PRUSSIA. (osRO OUR OWN- CORESPONDEuN.) |BERIN-, FEs. 4. According to the present aspect of the political constellation, the news from this place is not likely to contribute much interesting political matter to your columns for some imne to come. Prussia was not invited to take any part in the signing of the pre-preliminaries which took place in Vienna. last Friday, nor has she been invited to join in the discussions that are now going on as regards the exact terms to be imparted to the Fifth Point ; nor does it seem by any means probable that she will be inVited to join in the peace conferences at Paris after the preliminaries have been signed. In,former letters I have endeavoured to show that, when once the preliminaries are signed, it would be advantageouis to the interests of Europe that Prussia should be invited to join in them, though she could not be admitted thither de jure, not having been a belligerentPower, and her position asa great Power having been considerably damaged of. late by her non-p-aicipation, even to the Austrian extent (and less one cannot imagine if it is to be participation at all), in the great European conflict. Prussia will not make any efforts to get admitted to the peace confereuces, and least of ailto the settlement of the preliminaries; the latter she would decline, the former she would accept, if invited. The one leading principle that has guided the King of Prussia in his attitude towards the belligerent Powers is that of avoiding every combination that can possibly in any remote contingency involve Prussia in the war. A letter from Paris states even that Prussia was about formally to resign any claim to be present at the approaching conferences (though reserving the question of her right) rather than in any way introduce any fresh subject of contention into the already complicated material waiting for arrangement ; but this idea presupposes too great anamount of Christian forbearance for the sake of peace. Colonel von Manteuffel has not yet returned from Vienna, although the text of the communication that Austria intends to make to the Diet has been already drawn up and communicated to this and other Courts of Germany; it is not impossible that he may continue there some time longer, not so much for the purpose of working out any high and important mission, as for that of eliing ou Count Arnim, whose diplomatic serices :to his country are neither very zeW. ous nor productie; his amount of adivity appears to equal that of most of our representatives at the small Geimmic Courts, who do not c'rise up early and so late take rest, and eat the bread of care." Herr von Beust has, I believe, left here, and vith-' out entirely succeeding in the high object of his visit. It appears that the tenor of 'Prussias' reply to Austria with' reference to the Bund's adopting the five points in theii present shape aadtat'thepresent time is, that it would be wiserto wjituIntl-the allies have themselves arived at a clear agreement as to their meaning; and if Austria should pres'sthe matter. at once, Prussia, with Saxony and' all the rest, will resist the proposal for the adoptoj of the five point by the Bund. The Austian deunment itself has been forwarded from Vienna to Count Rechberg at Franfort, with instructions notto bring it forward until further orders; and it would seeam as if Austria intendedto take withregard to it one of tho following alteratives: either to wait until the allies have -themiselves conme to an agnee'mert as to the definite contents of the fifth p6int, and'then to propose-that version for the acceptancq of the Bnud-' or else to lay the document before the assembled representatives as a'simple commIinica. tion, and call upon them to come to a resolution of some kimid or other in conformity with the present phase of the European conflict. ; M. von Bismarck Schunhausen -is reported by the papers to -have come hither from Frankfort to re_ceive instructions with regard to the step Austria talks of making at the.Bund, but this is not correct; he is still at Franfort, whera the subject is-being handled by the two representatives under the in: -structions already received from their Governmnents. * It is expected that many militaf~y men of' rank from here will repair to Warsaw to do honour to the obsequies of Marshal Pask6witsch ; and the War- soviana are sanguine enough- to expect that the' Emperor will on this occasion visit his Polish capital for - the purpose of doing honour to his father's faithful servant. The prohibitiorr ~gainst Jews in Russia, that 'ctnppy'tthemselves with a riculture, to take up their abodes in villages or hamlets' within -the tract assigned to them for residence, has been repealed, but on the following conditions .-1. Jews are not -to live in; any house where beer, wine, or spirits are sold; 2. They are not to meddle'with this trade either by the intermediationr of Christians or nonChristians-; 3. Nor to carry out nor* dispose of spiiituous liquors; 4. NTor to-have any distilldrics'; 5. -Nor to take any part whatever in the production of spirits. This repeal of the prohibition as regards the residence of the Jews has been conceded, iM consequence of its having been ascertained by experience that no vigPance, however sharp, can prevent the Jews from dabbling in the spirit trade, in a manner injurious to the health of the population and the finances of the State. There is no trade in Russi3 by which a man can so soon and so certainly get rich as by farniing the sale- of spirits, which is a mionopoly of the Oovernment. The Duchy of Holstein seems likely soon again to a.ttractthe notice of the political world. Count Reventlow-Jersbeck lately brought a motion forward in'che Estates of Holstein, for the Diet to " address to His Majesty (the King of Denmark) a most humible petition with regard to certain changes made in the .Constitution, so that the most sacred rights ofthecountrymightbeprotected." During the debate on this motion, the Royal Commissioner, who represents the King there as Duke of Holstein,protested warmly but ineffectively against its adoption; and after finding his opposition to be in vain, left the Assembly. On Saturday last a Royal Rescript, addressed to the (iumiissioner at Itzehoe, where the Diet is sitting, appeared in Copenhagen, requiring him to "look upon all such disorderly transactions as nont avenues, to receive no motion based upon them, and not to admit any mention of thent in the journal that reports the transactions of the Diet." In another case Baron Blome liad brought in a motion for preferring a complaint to the King of the manner in which the Minister for Holstein, von Scheel, had executed the powers entrusted to him. The committee to whom this was referred have, however, recommended his impeachment. On Saturday last the -Diet adopted the milder form by 40 votes against 7; and immediately afterwards the graver course by 41 against 6. .Yesterday there was a notice put up in the Exchange at Hamburg that an English war steamer, (described in another report as the Polyphemus, Captain Warren, bound from Hull to the Baltic,) had stranded in the neighbourhood of Thisted, in Denmark. Another report stated, that out of' 150 men that composed the crew, 16 had been drowned. SPAIN.. Our accounts from MIadrid are of the 31st ult.. -I The Gaztte promulgates the law directing that a- civiGc and religious -monument be erected to perpe- , tuate- the memory- of .the 31st of Augdst,' 1839,- thel day on which the Convention of Bergara was signed. The mnonument is to be built on the spot wherethe convention was 'concluded, and to be surmiounted by a bust of the Duke of Victory. A commemorative medal is to be strack, and an historical account of the event to be drawn up, and published at the espense of the State. The Gazette declares that there is nio truth in the report that General Zabalawas to exchange the port. folio of Foreign Affairs for the Lisbon Embassy. The Geazte also says "Yesterday, Mr. runmond, an aetach of the English Embassy, gave in his salons a truly curious fete, at whidh the clite of the Madrid society assisted. Mr. Drammond danced himself several boleros with the Senorita Piga, and everybody admired the grace and ease with which he executed our national dances. That agility appeared the more remarkable on the part of a son of cloudy Albion." The Basque Deputies, Messrs. Monzon, Altina, and Mariategii, and two Commissioners of the northern provinces, had been admitted to submit to the Council of Ministers their ideas as to the most' eligible plan of effecting in those provinces the sale of national property without hurting the religious prejudices or injuring the interests of 'the people. 'The matterwas discussed at considerable length, but no decision had been adopted. A Charge d'Affaires of the Court of Rome is shortly expected at Madrid. ' The Spanish Consulate at Singapore, suppressed five years ago as useless, is to be re-established. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM OUR OWN CcREsroxDEN-TS.) - SOUTESAMTON, WEDxozerAY MonurSi. ArrivedL-Susanna, froni Newport; William Catherine, from Sunderland; Argyll, steamer, from Carentan. Sailed.-Atalanta, steamer, for Havre; Ondine; steamer, for London; South Western, steamer, for Jersey. IIVWERPOOI, WnD,%smDAy 3iori-G. Wind S.S.W. Sailed.-John Bright, forNew York; Salem, for! Melbourne ; Cherokee, for Africa. QUEENSTOWN, FPS. 4. Wind W.N.W. Arrived.-Contest, from St. Michael's. (BY SUsAwRs,AXD ANI RMsH IELGRA.) - DEAI, WEDuESDa:y, 9.40 A. Wind S.W., strong. Passed.-Edendale, No. 10 transport, from the Crimea, for London. Anchored.-PxrinceAlfred, No. 126 transport, f roin the-Crimea; Sultana, screw-steamer, froiliondon, for ConDstantinople; Ia Vivandire, from Lond6n, for Cbistntinople; 'Gipsy)Queen, fro m - London, for Terceira; Her Majestys ship Rhadamianthus, froi Woolwich, for Westward. Anchored. off North Foreland.-Charlotte, from' Amsterdam, for New Orleans. - STOCK EXC1 GE. WEDn.-SnAY MlonNG, U O'CLoC Consols'for Money ...'.90X to 90. Consols forAccount (Marchl) ... 91 'to .91* a d rOTIe EcEn.-UEid er this tltlhs treaisedescriptive of th imnprovements introduces in the construction of artiicialnlimbs by the a.pplication of cerWin mechbnical tappaatus to the alleviation of humanmisery has been ipab behed y Mr. F. Gray, of Cork-street. z he. boolkcontains the resuts of many yeans professional prac. tice,' and is valoable ait the present time as. pointing out the' mexs -by-which scientific experience can orme to the assist% 'iseS of those who, in the service of their country, have beon 'deprived of their limbs. There is notbing technical or un-- intelligibe in the book, whichabounds in cts,-pp oraed Iby'the testimnoni6s oE eminent surgebneaandthe ' evlesseeof |letters frommany of the celebrated military aud naval men who have beu benefitted by the inv;Vions of the writer, v-hose reputa,tion wil be deserrlk ginreased b: this publication.,
THE Lo-ITILIAN' LJCfIch. 'o ' ' W CO T T.) A report has gone abroad to the effect tl4t all recruiting for the An h g iojtaliaji L(j lia E ee b, u pendedam 2co6sequence of thc eacez -'eace conference. This was frst put forth. by the AiAnwdi of Turin- the organ of the High.Church paity; anE when .it appeed no one .thought it -ortl contradicton, knowing it to be merely a smajl ebulliton of political rpleen on the part of the Amwonia, which has all alonet regardea eveij-tling. connected with the Western alliance with e-xtreme 'disgust; but, since it hat been repeated by several French papers, it is n6essaryto give itthemostdistct enial,in order to prevent it becoming miashievous. So far from:recrniting having been suspeided; the Legion has made more rapid progress durmg the. latter part of this month than at any fornuer period, 'and the agents in the provinces report that they expect to beable-to send in still greater nulnliers next month. Seeing the.difficulltiea to be cont'euded with. in prejudice, suspicion, political feelings; oc., the. t'talian Legion has lieen iionderfully sucocessful, and has been carried oult more econornicalJy thanl any other'. -t The 1st and2d aegiments are nom complete in men and officers, -and the. 3d, which ia4o be c rifle regiment, will soon make up its numbi*s. The first regiment is stationed7at Nova, under the command' of Lieutenant-Colonel Sir CouttiLindsay. It was formed- by Major 1inelli, forinerly of the a mrdinian rnny, and does him h i the tesd credit. Iii appearntce -it may challenge companwi -iththe best English regiients of Ofe pe day, iand the conduct of the! men bas been maost exemiry, s much so that .when an attack upon them.. mppearE m some newspapers aot I6ng ago; tle 'Sjndic and municipality of Novarra came -forwiard and testified to Major Pinelli and his -officerj their admiration cf the good disdpline ---of th_ corps. At first it was very naturally feed that the privates, havin so large a sum aa 6d. taday to s;pend on mem s 4iirs, would be lad into excessesbut such does not appear toliave be'en tlie case,-ad notwithstanding this sudden 4ccession-of-wealth, they have been remark-ably texpetate in -1thb enjoyment of it. There is now a Bavings-bmiik agent appointei for the Legion, whose business it)will be tc transmit 'all sums committed to hint, to the savings-bank 'of Genoa or Turiin to b lodged there to the a&ount of the person 'wishing to malke the deposit, and this ar ang*bniit ham given thegreatest-satisfactionto thenienthemselves, who are most anxious to economize from thcir extra pay. These regiments have been formed on thenlish system of ten companies of lO men each,and are to make use of the Sadminian drill as far as it can be made available; but I have heiad it regretted by officers of the Iegion that the Sardinian system had not been adopted altogether, and- the battalions formed of eight companies instead of ten, both because the ola soldiers would in such case have beea thoroughly acqulainted with the work, and because it has been found that eight-company battalions are more easly handled, and have therefore been generally established in Eropean armies. A great advantage whihwlill accrue tothe Legion from being equiipped in this country is, that with the allowance granted' for tents Colonel Reade will ~be able to furnish it with bothbell tents and the tektes d'ni, but in other respects the men seem to prefer tle necessaries from England to what they get here, although they cost them dearer. The Rifle Regimeut is to be dressed in the gray cloth of this country, with black facings aid black appointments. The other renments' have scarlet and black, with pipeclayedbelts like the 'nglish line regiments, and wvith a cocks-tail' plume in the -e~ second regiment is stationed at Chiaiasso-a small town on the Novafra Railway, about 14nimles from Turin-where it has been formead under the command of Major Crafurd, 'late;of the Rifle Brigade, but the Lieutebaftt-Colonelcy is to be given tb Maj or De Horsey, of the GrenadierGuards. The third regiment is forming at Novara,and wil be commaudel by Colonel- Fitzherbert, formerly of 'the Rifle Brigade, and; if a fourth regiment is to be 'raised befdre uny of the others are sent ont of the country, it wil benecescsy tohire barracksinsome other towns, which -there iill be no great difficulty -~fiding. -.- That the English Government has .not relaxed in its preparations for wvaris-provedby the eneiNgylvit which this undertakring continues to be prosecuted, and I understand that the officer charged with the purchase of mules for the Land Transport Corps has received instructions by telegraph to increas his operations to a large amount.
E . - COURZTS Cl;ERZCL. -- - TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMS. Sir,-W-Miyoufurther permit me througyouzjournat to publish a scheme. which seems to me feasible for court clerical? L That in case of an atcusation in' witing being sent to the bishop against a clerk of misconduct * copy o£such Ic.usation sall be1,ent, with a list of 10 beneficed dcgymen, by the bishop to the accused, who shill have the power t(i strike offnot more than five names from sush list. 2. That if no exception be taken, the five namesetanding firstonthelist, ortheist five free from exception, be a committee of inquiry whether misconduct has taken place; these having pover to summon and examine iitneaese due notice being given to the accuse and.-the prioedingm being open. 3. That the archdeacon, not being the -scuseev ir named by the bishop, shall not have his name struck ofl - - 4. That the chancellor of the diocoss, or hiS depuCyn=ed m writing by bimi, with the conset o the present at each in4uWy. - -r- 5.' Thait hencefoith diocesan chancelors ba.i-&pointed from advocatel of atleast seven y-as stnding the eocle slastical courts. ' - . 6. That if .three of the'Sve,clernmen grenthat misucou duct has taken plice, they shall send notes at the evidenic to theibishop, who shall pass sente ce. ' 7. That the bishop's entence on the witien noteS of eidence be rem!itte to the 'amchbishop, w1be 7haL ckwunin' cate URe notes: ania sentence to the j*e* f 1hcE,urt of Arches, - the archbishop havin g2owet if hett: fit, to chxect that futther inquiry be '- : 8. aThthe srchbihop have powecto lay itbe7kntenoe, *wberrcouitersigned by the -iude' oEthe'Cou% eF Axches. before the Queein Council, w~pou u tence, ipproved, shall be gazetted and take effect':. 9. That if -the accusation 1. declared~ friyIous,' thei expessshall be borne by tl*aouaer. ' - f -ou10. nltift the senM*oe be approveiabyt Ve Qeniil Council the expenses all be borne by the accuaec IL That if the accusation be nmply not Pseo, thX aecuserand t aocua sa c erlepa c his expensesk . dir. I am. with isece. Your faithful aerint. JOH ALLEN1 kiyhda onF lflo Dicoess TbfiId. - Pret M=whupy, Fe. 4. , -7
THE JBRITISH ARMY IN THE CRIMEA. CAMP BEFOPRE SBEAT6PAT. -T.- 9I (FM OUR OW- ,N.1 - - - At about half-past 9 lat night some heavy firing Ws heard beyond the Tchernaya. In certain states of the`atmosphere, and at a distance, the sound of cannon seems deadened and prolonged, and persons inthe E:nglish camp thought they distinguished 'rolleys of muiketry. The fi-ing did not last long. ¶hismorning it was confidently related that the Rusiana had made a sudden attaclk on the Sardinians, and had been repuLsed with the loss of 200 prisoners. The tale was most circumstantially told, but, on inquiry, proved ho be devoid of truth. tie fact was that at the abovementioned hour Gringalet ahd allthat line of Ruaiiali batteries muddendy opened fire upon Traktir-bridgeo and-the adjacent plain. About 60 or 80 rounds were fired, without doing any damage that rhave been able to Iean, and the batteries relapaed into -ailence. The mOtive of this sudden bunst is to ua a mystery. *At An early hour thia morning there was an alarm of firein Kadikoi, and flame; were epen issuing from one of the stores. The iSardinin head-quart aroclose at hand, and were q*lW3y roused. Sardinian troowp and 'English artillerymnen were active in their'fndeavoq2rs to xubdue the conflagrattis. Two Sardinian engines were brought up, and by 4 oclock in the morning the fire was got under. To stores were destroyed by the flames, and two others were pulled down, or nearly so, to isolate the burning buildings. In a clooely-built wooden Village like -Kdikoi, if the fames had been allowed time to spread, the whole place must have oon burnt down before morning. *The swamp at the head of Balkiava harbour is a mnsance 'which strik-es one the more in proportion as itherxnuisances abate and disappear. Thus, when OeM approaches the town, over an excellent road (the best padt of our high road is that from Kadikoi to the entraMce of Balaklava), and sees on the one hand a railway at work and quite a village of huts and Atorehouses, on the - other the rows of shipping in ihe harbour, on all sides .sgns of activity, commerce, civilization, and improvement, he wolders to behold' a fetid, 'fevwr-breeding morass in the very heart and centre of all this move. .zueut and business. The means- that have been .adopted temporarily to diminish the inconvenience have but augmented the evil. Straw has at different :times been spread there, and the result is a bed of manure and a breeding-plaeo of miasma. I undersland it is intended to drive piles into the harbour Inadvance of this swamp and where the water is of a certain depth, to stretch boards across the piles, . as to form a barrier, and to fill up in rear of this with shingle and ballast, of which a thick layer will be spread over the whole of the marshy ground. This is the only effectual way of putting a period to this -most unwholesone nuisance. It 2rightbe worth while to make the piles of sufficient solidity, and to drive -them in water deep enough for boats and lighters to discharge there, for Balaklava, the paltry fishing village, the unknown lurking-place of the smuggler, -is now aport of great commerce, and has not enough -of wharf room. The filling up of the swamp is one -Of the measure3 most essential to the improvement of the-sanitary state of Balaklava, although I suspect that more will have to be done before the warm weather comes. The Turks and Eupatorians, who form a large proportion of its permanent and floating populations, are uncleanly and lazy in their habits, and the hillsides that enclose the -baain are in a filthy State. At the present -time the place is tolerably healthy, but it is highly important to attend to its purification, ,or it will be a fever-pool when spring arrives. I should doubt that Balklva could ever be a healthy place in hot weather, as long as its population is so out of proportion to its extent, and its harbour so choked up with shipping. It is alT very well, so long as wintry gales weep awaythe effluvia, but in summer the heat is intense there, and the .odours one encounters in or about the port are much lems fragrant than strong. We awe better off, even at thia season, encamped on the plateau, than down in Balaklava. Here the wvinter quarters of the anny may literally be said to have come to it, since it could not - go to them. One could hardly have a stronger-exemplification -of the unlimited power of money than is presented by this camp, where every necessary, many comforts, and even some luxuries, hUve been provided for alarge army. Hiere there was nothing found save the barren plateau. You place .iO,O00 men upon it, and have to supply them with everything-with -ost things from a distance of -nealy 3,000 miles; and well supplied they are, certaily:; too well, were it to last long. There would then be danger of the British army finding its Capua on the heights of GCrim Tartary. A little hard marching and rougher fare will do the troops no harm When operations commence. It 'is very natural that, in the anxiety to avoid the recunrence :of last winter's miseries, Mke other extreme should have been run into. The meen are actually getting fat and rosy, and would, doubtles, end by becoming lazy if the present state of things were -long to endure. We may now hope that a few weeks will put an end to it, at least for a large part of the army. Although nothin,g is known, rany here, while impatiently *waiting for the result of the Paris Conferences to transpire, look to Asia as the probable scene of important operations. It is still expected that part of the Army Work;s Corps will proceed to Batoum; there is at least a strong report of this, although I do not believe any orders have been given. The Highlanders and the Fourth are talked of as tIwo out of the three divisions which it is said are to be shipped in a few weeks for Asia; with Sir Cohn Campbell at their head, to repair the blunders and shortcomings of Turkish Generals, and avenge the disater of Kars. -Thii, of oourse, is mere camp talk; but the -discussion to which such rumours give -rise enables one to judge of the wishes and hopes of the army. I do not ' think a move to Asia would be at all an unpopular one. -Many are weary of the Crimea and of the cramped nature of the operations here; others are desirous to get a scene of action apart from the French, and others are actuated by a wish for new senes and military adventure in the field. I should think any country, as a campaigning ground, would * bemore greeable than the Crimea. There are few countries where one would not find towns and vilIages, inhabitants,. and some sort of supplies; whereas here is a mere desert, with a few Tartar hamlets, a city in ruins, the French town of Ka* rieech, and the English towns of alakiaava and Radikoi. The operations about the docks continue, but. the engineei officers employed are not allowed to give any infornation on-the subject, so tliat, unless one happens to be downherejut at the moment of an oxploion, there is very little to see. On Satuiday 4everal snincs'were sprang and portions of docks pere blown in. The French attempted, a3 an eye,itne*s inforns me, to blow up the gates-of one.of tIe docks.- A number of sacks of powder were enclosed in a sort of immense boiler, sunk, and set on fiib w a ire. Thne6ewect I aminformed, -wavery Carious. A huge mrass of. water, blackened by mhe -po?wder, was diplaced and thrown up 'into tihe ar, uan - fish were -scttered about. The operatiorn was a failure, . as far aS3 blowing up the gates went. On heaing the explosions,thee Russians threw some shells into the dockyard, but I bare not heard that they .did any damage. One of them went throug'a,the roof Qf the old engine-. house. This lastday or two the ltuiianshave been fring'nore than has been usual of late. I have obtainedtaers to nome ofthe questionasl [put iu hvy obtedletter, sei n a litthe additionalin. formation as to the proaigality and isant of judg. ment shown in the natfre and quantity of the stores sent out for the,- ary. The number of pairs of woollen. stckings and. socks in storei. is over 200,000. Of-course, I have not had the opportunity -of counting them, but I give the above figures on e.xcellent authority. Those that ate being re-zhipped are only fit for children. They are German goodi, and were purchased in all haste last-winter- by Conruls and agents. ,When they came nobody could getthem on, and, as they *ere extremely short mocks,there wasno leg intowhich the men might have thrust their feet. The same deficiency in size was found in many of the flannel or wovenwaistcoats seat forthearnylastwinter, and obtained ina similar manner. Tley were so narrow that the mnen had to cut them open all down the breast, thus leaving exposedtheverypartof thebodytheywerechieflymeant to protect. a The children's socks are now being sent back to Constantinople,- and will, doubtlessi have to be sold ior a song or given to the poor in England, which latter would be the best way of applying this precious Vienna-made hosiery. The 1,200 pairs of cherry-coloured inexpressibles are in addition, I find, to the yeafs clothing for the Uth Hussars; so it is presumable that they are intended for other cavalry regiments. The fur boots would be capital things in a Canadian traineau or a Itussian sledge, but- their selection displays a most extraordinary ignorance of the state of things out here. Theyare soft boots, intended to be worn over leather ones. Now, although we do possess an ormitiius which rnns between Kamiesch and Balakla*sa and an Irish jaunting car, and one or two bt'iei stray vehicles, and also a railway, yet, as the former are fe;w among so many, and the latter does not carry passengers, the usual mode of locomotion here i3 -on horseback, or on foot. What you have learned in former letters of the state of the roads and surface of the country in the Crimea wil enable you to form some idea of the probable amount of wear obtainable from these beautiful fur boots. A walk to head-quarters and a ride to Balaldava would be ample,- I should think, for their destruction. So that the 4,0001. may be set down as uselessly expended. Pretty much the same may be said of a large sum that has been laid out in mbrine soap, with which one can wash in salt water, and which has arrived in vast quantities of half-pound packets to be served out to the men. Now, although water has certainly at times been scarce here, we have never yet been reduced to send to the sea for it; and, as any voyage the army is likely to make when the Campaign opens will hardly exceed two or three days in length, the soap is not likely to be very useful, and might as well be handed over to the fleet. Then they keep sending out quantities of soluble cocoa, which the men will not use. In fact, zome of the things sent are so ill-advised as to tempt one to suppose that they are bought, not out of re,gard to the wants of the army, but to oblige dealers -in England who find themselves with a large stock of unsaleable goods on hand. The Great Tasmania left on Saturday with between 400 and 500 sick. She was in tow of the Andes, which, I hear, will take her as far as Gibraltar. The Alps is the next ship for sick to the Bosphorus, and should leave in a day or two-; but it seems doubtful whether she will, for there will hardly be enough sick to make it worth while sending her down. I understand that from the General Hospital there are only eight or nine to go by her. In the Castle Hospital there are 130 patients left; at least half of these are convalescents, who will returnto their duty this week. The Army Works Corps are to constract a pier at Kazatch. There will be eight feet of water around it;, which will allow small steamers to come alongside and land or receive stores and troops. Meanwhile, the corps in question finds still a good deal to do upon the roads, which require frequent mending this weather. The temperature has been very mild for the last day or two. This morning the ground began to dry a little, but we have rain this afternoon. JAstUsuy 22. Very heavy rain yesterday evening.. It has ceased this morning, but a thick damp mist reduces our horizon to a distance of some 40 paces. The state of the ground defies description. GENERAL ORDERS. Read-qaarters, Sebastopol, Jan. 19. No. 1. The Field-,larshal Commanding-in-Chief bas been pleased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of medical boards, to Lieutenant-Colonel Sadlier, 4th Regiment, to the 26th of February; Brevet-Lieutenant-Colonel Sullivan, 2d Dragoons, to the 21st of March; Major Ship ley, 7th Fusileers, to the 26th of January; ideutenant Stisted, 12th Lancers, to the 21st of January; Quartermaster Caldwell, Land Transporb Corps, to the 29th of February; Veterinary Sargeon Barker, 10th Hussars, to the 26th of February; and, for the recovery of their health, to Brevet-Major Laye, 58th Regiment, to the 3d of March; to Paymaster Belfield. 88th Regiment, to the 19th of February, 1856. Nlo. 2. Withreference to General Order No. 1, of the 6th of November, 1855, the date of the appointment of Grahame Craig, Esq., as Chief Accountant in the Land Transport Corps, is August 28, 1I55. NSo. 3. The following appointmBents to the Land Transport Corps are made until Her Majesty's pleasure is known:to be Cornets.-Colour-Sergeants W. Armstrong, 49th Regiment; R. Collins, 57th Regiment, from the 18th of January. No. 4. The Rev. Mr. Bowvden, Chaplain to the Forces, will proceed to England in the Great Tasmania, in charge of invalids. No. 5. There wMi be Divine service, according to the form of the Presbyterian Churcb,for soldiers from all parts of the camp at 10.30 a.m. each Sunday at the camp of the 21st Fusileers, 4th division. Parties attending will be marched in the usual mrnner. No. 6. Dispenser of medicines J. Beeching has been per. mitted to resign his appointment, and will be struck off the strength of the medical staff of this army- from this date. NTo. 7. Leave of absence is granted, at the recommendation of medical boards held at Scutari, to Major Lowry, 47th Regiment; the Rev. Mr. Escreet, military chaplain; and, at the recommendation-of a medical board, to Lieutenant IL De Carteret, 79th Regiment, to proceed to England; on arrival they will report themselves to the AdjutantGeneraL In extension, to Lioutenaut Whinyates, Royal Horse ArtMillery, to the 31st of January, 1856, to remain at Scntari. On urgent private affairs, to Colonel Goulburn, Grenadier Guards, to the 29th of Febrary, 1856; Lieuten. ant-Colonel Nedham, Royal Artillery, to the 29th of Febrary, 1856;, Paymaster Deacon, First Battalion, Ist Regiment, to the 31st of March (on whose responibility Captain Brown will act as paymaster of the battalionduring his absence); Brevet-Major Atcherley, 30th Regiment, to the 31st of January; Lieutenant N. Fitzgerald, 79th Regiment, to the 5th of February, to proceed to Scutari No. 8. Surgeon Fraser, 2d battalion Bifle Brigade, hLA ing left one charger at the public service, forage maybe drawn forit. - By order, 'C. A. WINDEHA, Chief of the StaE lIAead-quarters, Sebastopol, Jon. 20. No. 1. At a general court-martial, held at the head.- quates of the Highland Division at Camp near Kamars> Crimea, on the 16th day of January, 1856, in pursuance of an order-of General SWillizam Codrington, KLC.B,, conimanding the forces, dated he' 14th day of January, 2856 T o. 2,951, . Private XRugh MUcPherson, 93d -Regifaent, was - tried apon the follwing charge:-" That he did,_ .A Camp.: Kamara,_ in -the-Crinea,, on- or_ about the 7th Jay of ~Januzy, l856,elosioaly, wilfully, and of malice' afore.- tyhougght Idl1and maurder John Chalmers, a private jiu the 93d> Regiment of Highlandera." TheCourt found the prisoner "Gailty of manaughter." Sentence.-" The Coart having acquittedthe prisoner of the -cime liad to his charge, and having found him guilty of the crime of manslaughter, which being in breach of the ArticW ofWar, - and taking intoIconsideration his former conrictionan=d general very bad character; do now sentence him; the pri.soner, No. 2,951, Private Hugh KarPherson, 93d Regimue t (llanders), to undergo a punishment of penal servitude for a period of four year :s~~~ a~A F1TG-4;PAr. ',jor, HBaeSIa30 r - OfCiating Deputy Judge Advocate. . "F --MRo3N, - Brigadier-Genemr a nd .-- t esident.: No. 2. The genemi court-martial of which Brigadier. Gezeral Ridleywas president, isdimolved. No. 3. The Field-Mirshil CommLnding;iu-Chief Lai *been pleed toconfirm the unexpired portion of leave of *.absence toMiajor Hope; as a captain in the 71steginent I -vi., to the 15th of February, 1856. No. 4. Captain Eder, 56th Regiment, is leinted Instmrtor of Musketry to the Second BEae-TJzstkDivlsion, vice.Captain Jones, 13th Regiment, pjq d aide-de. camp to Brigadier-Generl Ridley. No.. 5. CaptainW.; E Brow.ne,-57th Regiment5 will act a5 .Paymaster, on the. responsibility of Paymaster Matthews, 57th Regiment, Who lias obtained leave of absenco at the recommendation of a medical board.'- No. 6. leavo of absenice isgranted, attherecomendation of zuediael boards, held at Scutari, to Lieutenint Sir E. Hutchinson, 5th Dragoon Guards; and AetogSu A Asst. ant-Surgeon Allen,-to proceed to Eglad. Oftirivalthey will report themselves to the MIj tt General. On mnedical certificate, to Lieutenant Low, 2d B3igade, 1st Regiment, to 20th February, 1856. On urgent private affamirs to Captain LoUr R. Browne, 7th Regiment, for 14 days from date of emboreation, to procee to Kertch. No. 7. Lieutenant Croker, 47th Regiment, being in comland of a company, may draw field allowance and forAte as a captain, from the 29th of December. C o By order, C.A. WINDRAM, Chef of the Stalr. *read-quarters, Sebastopol, Jan.2L No. 1. The following officer has joined thc staff of this ary :-Medical Staff.-Acting Assistn=t-Surgeon T. L. Lizars, from the 10th of January, 1856. No. 2. The following promotions in the Medical Depart. ment are published :-Acting Ahist uSargeon H. J. Rose to be Assistant Staff Surgeon, dated 6th of March, 1855. Acting Asiistant-Surgeon G. Baley to be Assistant Staff Surgeon,4 dated 4th ofApril, 185. No. 3. General Order No. 662, and the Horse Guards Circular Memorandum (Arms, J;.,J, dated 29th of December,,l855, have been this day distributed to regiments. No. 4. The following appointments to the Land Transport Corps are made until Her Majesty's pleasure is known:To be Captains-Quartermaster J. Balcombe, 57th Regiment; Lieutenant T. G. B. Atkinson, 46th Regiment,; Lien tenant A. Grey, 63d Regiment. To be Aduitant-Lieu tenant Joseph Ashton, Ist battalion Rifle Brigade. To be Cornets and Adjntants-Regimental Sergeant-Major W. Thompson, Land Transport Corps; Sergeant-Major Charles Sutton, 31st Regiment. To be Comnets-Colour-Sergeants Joseph Clarke, 33d Regiment; Michael Stapleton, 4th Regi. mont; Quartermaster-Sergeant Robert Davis, 82d Regiment, Sergeant John Packwood, Coldstream Guards; Sergeant Michael Cain, 49th Regiment, from the 20th of January. No. 5. In accordAnce with instructions received from the Secretaryof State forWar, the undermentionedCommissariat pfficers will have acting rank as follows fromthe 2d inst.:To act as Deputy Comrssanies General, Assistant Commisaries General H. S. Jones, E. J. M'Mahon, ML Dar. ling, and IL Osborn. To act as Assistant Commissaries General, Deputy Assistant Commissaries General G. J. Webb, C. G. Blane, C. Swain, R. Booth, T. H. Thompson J.. H. Sale, A. W. Turner, A. W. Downes, J. Mlars, G. Rennie, J. W. Murray, and J. Bailey. To act as Deputy Assistant Commissaries General, Commissariat Clerks E. Litchfield, S. HL Turner, A. E. Pitrie, J. E. Manning,-and R. ?aussett. No. 6. Brevet-Major Le Conteur, Coldstream Guards, will proceed to Kertch by the first opportunity, and Will act as Lnstructor of Musk-etry to the troops at that station, under the orders of Lieutenant General Vivian, commanding-the Turkish Contingent. No. 7. Captain Tyler, Monmouthshire Mlitia, will continue attached to the 23d Regiment until the 29th of February, 1856. No. & Veterinary-Surgeon Stockley will, from this date, have the care and supervision of All officers' charers and baggage animals, as well as any public animals attached to head-quarters. He will receive an addition of is. 6d. per diem to the allowance alreadygranted to him. No. 9. The allowance to farriers for shoeing the Land Transport nimls, permanently attached to regiments of eavalry, will be the same as for troop horses-viz., ld. per diem for each horse or mule. No. 10. Leave of absence is granted, on medieal certificate to Purveyor. Clerk Adams9, to the 15th of February, 1856,to go to the Monastery. By order, C. A. WfDUA)AM, Ceief of the- Sthfz
T hE SMTExR B3EwrQuE.-SoumlArOi, Tae3day, Feb. 5.-The Belgian Transatlantic Steamnship Company's steamer Belgique was yesterday placed in the graving dock at this port, tor the purpose of being surveyed and reported upon The surveyors were Mr. W. A, Summers, riron.shipbuilder; Mr. G. P. Rubie, surveyor to the Board of Trade; and lMr. Ronalds, of the Peninsular and Oriental Company. The following is a copy of the report of these gen emen :-" We this day surveyed the Belgique steamIshipin the dry dock at this port, and have to report as folloWS.-We thoronghly examined the hull of the ship, and the orly leak of importance we could discover was before the main sternpost, between the garboard strakes' and the keel, in the wake of the angle-iron plaeed there to increase the stiffness of that part of the keeL We also fonnd several of the butts and rivets, more particularly in near to tslighelydisturbL -and the topsides of the ship elare ports e.bibited symptoms of working. The mainmast has settled down in consequence of a want of strength in that part which supports the step. The port boiler has received damage in the furaces, caused hy the plate having been overheateL One-of the blades of the I screw proeller is cracked, and some of the nuts and screws | at the end of the stempipe are torn off or damaged. This may have been caused by the screw having caught a hawser while it was in motion. We beg to recommend that the cargo ports should be entirely closed and plated up, to correspond with the rest of the ship's side, and that all loose rivets should be cut-out and rep d, and butts of plates examined and caulked where found necessary. We also recommend, in order to remove all doubt as to the strength of the vessel, that she should be fitted with an iron stringer wrought on each side between the main and spardecks, extending at least three-quarters of the ship'slength. This stringr to be 2 feet 6 inches deeg, and of an inch thick, with an angle iron 3 inches hy 21 riveted to the upper and| lowver edges, and fastened to a reverse angle iron on each of *the frames. We recommend that all the pumps should be overhauled and put into good order, and wash-plates fitted on each side under the floor-plates of the engie-room, to pr.event them being wFashed up; also that the hold aud Witdeck-pillars b e properly secureds to p and bottom, to the beams. The step of moimnnastshouldbalso bomore securely fastened, and supported on the top of the tuinneh. The furnaces of the defective boiler must be repaired and made good, and the cracked blade of the propeller effiiently repaired. Having given a general outlie of the princpal defects which have been detected, things of minor inorLance may occur during the progress of the work." The substance of this report may be suanmed up in a few wordsviz., thatthe bottom of the ship is found to be strong, but that the upper works are weak, and require to be stayed or strengthened by an iron "stringer" of considerable dimensions. The riveting and caulking of the butts in several places was also defective. Mr. Jobhng, floyd's surveyor, was prohibited by his principals from attending the survey. The cargo has been found to be but very little damaged, as at wams stowed above the level wihich the water reached.. Iti is impossible at present to, sayhow long the necessary repairs wl occupy. Loss OF THEX CA2,eaA BRIG SWsss.rn.-SounrAxatro, Feb. 5.-The Peninsular and Oriental Companys steamer Sultan, vwich arrived at this port yesterday morning with the Peninsular mails, brings intelligence of the totalloss of the Anerican brig Webster. Thisvessel, which belonged to Bicksport, Umted States, Captain Heath, sailed from Cadiz on the 24th ult. with a cargo of salt 'for ' lio Grande. On tli4 26th, at half-past 3 p.m., Cape Sjartel, bearing E.N.B., by account, 12D miles, she ran fon of a piece of timber, about 22'inches square, strildkg endway which split the stem and pressed in the lower part of the port, causimg the brig to leak so much that the crew, although working bothpumps, were unable to free her. - On the folowing day, at l am., the crew took to the boats, and at 4 o'clock the brig went down. The captain and his men ni.nein adllafter 40lhours' of severe exposure in the open Mots; arrived at Gibraltar, having 103t every paTticle of their clothitg, THE LATE, EAss OF Lisowx.-The Earl of Ustowel, 'whose death from paralysis at Morrison's Eotel, Dublin, we casnally mentioned in our columns yesterday, was the s7econd earl of that title. His Lordship, who ias born in 1801, wgas the'eldest son' of Rlichard, Viscount E{nnisore, Dl.P. for the county of Cork, whose father, Mr. WsLliam flare, having represented Cork and-Athey in .the Irs ous7ed Cormmons from 1796 to 1800D,was raised to the peerage at the time if the Union, and promoted to-the earldomin.1822. Thepeerlatelydeceasedsucceededto the title in 1837, on the decease of his grandfather, and was elect;dIMP. for the lately' disfranchisea borough of St. Alban's in February, 1841, and again at the genemralelecti in that year, and continued to represent it in the Liberal interest until the dissoibtion in 1847. Since flEat timei his Lordship has takeri'Jittle'or no-part in politics, but has held lthe office of a lord-rn-waiting to the Queen. He ws aTsot depistylientenasnt and maigistra.tefof the coun.t of Cork, nd ,Vic-Adiniralof the £rovince of lfunster.I e i sncceededminhistitle and estates hiseldest son;Williamn, VLscount Ennismore,'lio beciin&e leutenant 7and captain 'in the'Scots Pisileer Guards in 1854, aid was severely ;-wounded at the battle, of the Alma.. HisLordshipigfan- aidetde-calnp to-the Ldrd-`Lidut&sait of Ireland, and, it anat be r&menibered -contested the cdunty *f- Co'ki withi W. RipkarTd lpeps, Q;C;, the -Roman Catholic cindidate in Ma&cW last; but withont succeMss He was born in I83, and is tnmrried. Ins mother, the Countess of Listowel, is n. daughter of the 'late Vice-Admiral'William Windham, of Felbxigg,. Norfolk, aid whidow' of~ M.r. George Thomas Winjin WGfrons6r-ha7Ll,. in the same county-a hear >tdlatlre; v;e' -believe, -of' the 'gallifit OeoeriVWitndLiain, w ohose namne is so nobly associated with thne Last and succexss | f7el 7saul7 on &Wa7tbpopL ' Ii . ~!;. . - Ir:
TOTAL LOSS OF HER MAJESTYS SHiP POLYPHEMUS. ADlMaALTY, FZm. 5. The following telegraphic nessage has been received from Her Majesty's Minister at Copenhagen, dated Feb. 4:- "The Polyphemus was totally lost on the 29th ult., south of Hanstholm Light, north-west coast of Jutland. The master and 14 hands were drowned; the stores, &c., vwill be saved. It will be useless and dangerous to send assistance from the seaward. A part of the cuttes's and shIp's crews having reached a vessel in the offing makes the mumber of lost doubtfoL A strong current and fog were the cause of the accident. Land not seen. though within 400 yards. I will forward Captain Warren!s despatch to- norrow by the Xiel steamer."
CAMBRIDGE UKIVERSITY ELECTION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TTIMES. Sir,-I observe, in an article in your paper, that Mr. Walpole proposes to paythe travelling expenses of voters, and that M. Denman declines to do so. In the same paper appears an argiument in the Court of Exchequer Chamber, in which an attempt is made to reverse the judgment of Lord Wensleydale, that such payment is illegal. It appears that the Court have taken time to consider the question. Now, among the judges who are considering this question are Mr. Jushee Cresswell and Mr. Baron Alderson; I forget whether Chief Baron Pollock is among them. Mr. Walpole cannot have determined upon paying these expenses without the sanction of lus committee, and these three learned persons are members of that committee. I presume that they will not, while the question is in suspense, compromise themselves -by giving their sanction, by -their votes and by their names, to a proceeding which, unless Lord Wensleydale is wrong, may have the scandalous result of placing judges of the land in the position in which Mr. Slade has the misfor. tune to stand. Mr. Slade has, probably, been taken by surise, but the learned members of the Court of Excheuer Chamber will certainly not be acting in ignorance. b I am. Sir. vour obedient servant. A MASTER6OF ARTS. * Loidon, Feb. 5. - .
* zEmwCn SISTERS OF CHA31ITY f CHEL-The RZtiata Catotica, a periodical published at Santiago, lias the following concerning the French Sisters of Chari sent on a mission to Chili,-" Towardsthe end of 1854," t sYs, "the Magellan left Havre 'with thirty Sisters of Charity, sent by the heads of their order to found a cormmuaity at Ssntia o. They wvere received at that capital vdth an enthusiasm equal to the impatience with which they had been expected. As soon asthe had recovered from the. fatigue of the journey 12 of them devoted themnselves to take care of and 'wit upno the sick at the Hospital of St. Jean-de-Die; *2otherswent to the Hospltal of St. Francis at Borga, the othes resnained to form the central house. Those personswhohave visited our hospitals before and after thearival of these good sisters can alone appreciate howmuch these charitable instititutions are indebted to the daughters of St.Vmcent de Paul,' and the importance of the improvements they have introduced in so short a space of time. Te central house was soon converted into a school as largu as. the building allowed, wv-here the children of the poor receivo gratuitous education and that care which they cannot ind eselwhere. Their estblishment has now been transferred to the Rue'. del Dieziocho, and the extent of their new 'premises ha allowed them not only to increise the number 'Yof their dayscholars, but has enabled them to ttk into their establishment some destitute'orphan girls. They also visltthe poor at their dwelings, and theyhave estabished a nmodest Alsjpensary, wherethey give medicinesh thb poor pratuitously. Noon. is. ignorant of what-Sisters of h nityare, and of thegood theywill do in Chili they-iill be an efficacious source of relief to our public isery, and willprepare the moral regeneration of the, lower classes in our citiesvith whom they will ie broughtcontinmblly4ilcontact. The religious sisters of the Ben-I?asteur have- a Ioly ana tvofold mission. -- They endeavour to reform reptant g S, and keep back young personswhose virtue isin r from the paths to perditiQn by giving them a solidChrishan education. 'This year we were happy enougli to ieceive froxi Frante a colony of thse-, pious Iadies, - much to the I ediftiii of the towvn of Sii-Felil5e, where they hatie een itcstablished-by the ecclesiastical authorities," j
COUJBT CIRCULB. flMDSORE TUISPAY, FMn. 5. There was no additioL to the .Royal din ner party yesterday. -' a The Queen and. Prince wlaked in the E o-park this ornming. The younger Princesseas to6k a i4rria;odrive. Her Majest and Prince Albert and the, Royal family passed this evening at Froginore-house, where her Royal gahiness the Dnchess of Kent gve a childien's balL. The fllowing es and gentlemen had the honour of bein' invited :-he Prince kdward of Saxe Weinar the Duche of Wellington, Monsieur and Madame Van de Weyer and farnily, Lord Dafferin, General Bonverie, Sir Edward Bo. water, the Hon. Miss Byng, the Hon. Miss Bulteel, the Dean of Windsor, Lady Caroline and Miss Barrinton, Colonel Biddulph, General and Mrs and Miss Grey Colonei and 3M Phipps and family, Colonel and Lady Emily Seymour andfamily, Captaiun Diu 1lat, Colonel andLadyylary Hood and family, 3Mr. and Lady IL Labouchere and family; Lord Tullibardine, Mr. Dutton, Lord Dunmnre, Mrr. Fitz. william, sen.; Mr. Fitzwillin, jun., Dr. Becker, Mr. Gibobs, Lord Hood, Sir George, Lady, and MMiss Couper, Mr. Bamsay Couper, Mr. Anson, Mr. Vyner, the Duke of St. Al s, Captain Seymour (Coldstream Guards), Lady. FEanny Howard, Bsaroness de Spaetb, and the Eion. May A deputation from the Board of Works for the St. Olave's district had an interview yesterday iith the Right Hon. W. Cowper, President of the General Board of Health, at his office, WhitehalL The deputation consisted of Messrs. Nash, Shand, Greenwood, Snooke, and Robert Slee, and Henry Clerk.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TUIES Sir,-Every upright, right-inided post-office official wil read the letter of Dr. Taylor irn 27ie Times of to-day with Vn- rgi-w ith pain to observe the misplaced confieuc ofDr Talorincommitting his valua'ble -papers to the care of the post, but which coald not pass withoLt- the most criminal and degrading violation.. If I were asked what, in iny opinion, is the most secure and effectual maode of transmittinig correspondence through the ost comletly cose aganstinspection, I should cover I a, Si, you obeientservant. A YOST-OFFICE C.EC . .cD. a.
TEam AancAs lsAs.-Tho Royal mail steamship Ethiope, Commander Barnwell, which left Plymouth on .Friday for Madeira and the West Coast, got as far as 8.30 Iest long. and 46 north lat. on Sunday morning, at U o'clock, when sho was obliged to put back leaky. Her mails are returned to the Post-office, and she will be discharged for repair. I T7aT VESSEL 1n WHiCIH WmAmx M. CoA3 TO ENC.L^N'D.-Dming the hearing of a case in the Admiralty Court the other day, Dr. Luslbngton remarked that somewhere about 40 years ago he 'was engaged in a suit in which the identical vessel that brought over WVilliam IIL was concerned. Aided by the dindness of a valued correspondent, we are now enabled to lay before our readers the following interesting and authentic memoranda connected with the fortunes of this " ever-to-be-remembered" craft. The Princess Mary, according to the most reliable accounts, was built on the Thames in the earlier part of the 17th century, and was afterwards purchased by the Prince of Orange or his adherents as an addition to the fleet which was destined to effect the glorious Revolution of 1688. The Prince expressl selected this vessel to convey hinself and suite to England and he bestowed upon her the above name in honour of his Mllustrious consort, the daughter of James IT When the Revolution waS uon fait aecompli the claims of the Prinepalaly wne xoyua savour weru noT overlooked. During the whole of William's reign she held a place of honour as one of the Royal yachts, having been regularly used as the pleasure yacht of Queen Anne. By this time, however, her original build was much interfered with from the numerous--and extensive repais she had from time to time undergone. On the death of the Queen she came into te possession of Hfis Majesty King George 1., by whose order she ceased to form part of the Royal establishment. About the middle of the last century, during a fit of economy, she was sold by the Government to the Mesars. Walters, of London, from whom she received the name of the Betsy Cairns, in honour, we are told, of some West Indian lady of that name. Having been long and profitably employed by her now owners in the West Indian trade, she was afterwards disposed of to the MIesss. Carlins, of London, and, alas for the mutability,of fortune I the once regal craft wasconverted into a collier, and employed in the conveyance of coals between Newcastle and ndon. Throughall hervaried vicissitudes of fortune, however, she is still said to hive retained her ancient reputation, " as a lucky ship and fast sailer." She was afterwards (circa 1825) trnsferred by purchase to Ir. Geor"e; inch Wilson, of South Shields, and finally, on the 1cth of February, 1827, while pursuing her voyage from Shields to hamb, with a Ca of coals she struk upon the "B'lack !dddens," a dangerous reef of rocks north of the mouth of the Tyne md in a few days afterwards becaon a total wireck. The new's of her disaster ecidted a very lively sensation throughout the country. She had alwvays been regarded, especially by the sailors, with an almost supersti. t;ious feeling of interest and veneration, and at the time of the wrreck this feeling was doubtless in no small degree enhanced by the recollection of a "memorable prophecy"saidto be associated vith her fortumes-viz., "that the Catholics would never get the better while the Betsy Cairns was afloat " In length the Betsy Cairns was 80 feet 3 inches by 23 feet broad. She had two decks, the heizht between which was 6 feet 6 inches. She waS carvel brlt, was without galeries, square-sterned, and devoid of figurehead. She had two masts, and was square rigged, vith a standing bowsprit. The remnant of her original timbering, though but scanty, vas extremely fine. There was a profusion of rich and elaborate oak carvings, the colour of the wood, from age and e clpose, cosely resembling that of ebony. As soon as the news of her Iweck becamueknown throughout thecountry the people of Shields were inundated with applications for portions of her remains. The applications on the part of the Ornge lodges were especially importunate. Snuffboxes and sour'cnirs of varios kinds were made in lrge numbers, and brought exorbitant prices. Each of the members of the then Corporation of Newcastle was presented vith one of these boxes, which exhibit, in a marked degree, the durability and inimitable qualities of the British oak. A painting of the Betsy Cairns was made by Mr. J. Ferguson, of North Shields. Two carved figures, part of the nightheads, are, -we believe, now in the possession of the Brethren of the Trinity-honse at Newcastle, and a beam, with mouldings covered with gilding, and forming a part of the pricipal cabin, is now the property of Mr. Eippon, Waterville, North Shields.-Duirha.as County Adrertiser. A PAS}A uw A PEw.-The following is an extraet from a letter daled Jerusalem, Jan. 7:-" Yesterday was Epiphany day, and his Excellency Kiamil Pasha came to the English church service,attendedb hisTuridshbusiness secretary and his French secretary rthe train of servants stayed near the door). Who would have thoughta few years ago that upon our small English premises there should have been the church-bell ringing, the British flag flying, and the Pasha waDlkin reverently to church? It was an Epiphany, indeed, to see the Pasha in a pew, standing np, with ourx Prayer-book in Turkish, at the glorious chant of the Tl Deum, facing the Ten Commandments, the Eord's Prayer, and the Creed, in Hebrew writing, in Jerusalem. His excellency had on aformeroccasionvisitedtheGreatPesrecton church of Jerusalem on occasion of the visits of the Royal and imerial Princes, and for keeping the peace between cotending factionsatE Aster- but yesterdayhe came at his own proposal and without the claim of public duty. The lady who presided at the organ, I need not say, play ed with spirit, after the sermon, ' The people that waked in darkness,' &e.2 TjiE AlrtDim OF A Win Aam Tnt CTmns.- Yesterdayhr. Bedford, coroner for the city of Westminster, held an inquest, at St. James's Workhouse, Poland-itreet, respecting the deaths of Sarah Bousfield and three children, maurdered under the circumstances already stated. ! The evidence was similar to that gives it Marlborough-street police-office, as reported in 21ic Timea of yesterdayi and a verdict of " Wilful murder" was retuned by the jury against William Bousfield. - Fnums AT Ety-ppig.--leasx out youtr grate.; tover thd bottom with a aheet of paper, cut or folded to fit plece yoni coals in the gate- to the level of the top bar keeping the larger ones to tho front to provent Wase. l.iErt your fire on the top, and allow it to burn downwards midis. turbed. An ordinary fire, prepared and 7ihted in this way, will, accoraing to the-size and form ofEthe grate, burn six eight, orten'hourswithout any renewal of coal, burning brighter and warmer than if lighted frombelow as fires aro ordn ryiimade. Thecoal should betolerably equal maiue,- something like Mac&daxm one; plac the large-tothe front, the-small to the back. The writer and his friends have made their fires as descriseid for some weeks, and can -vonch forthc " saving of coal,"theeheerfunessanndwarmth, ana freedom fr6so smcke. Some giates may pre-nt more difficulties thanothers, apd servants object to the innoravation. It is" Iegg s" it ic "mean," c. My servant9, inowv they have learnt to make sueh fires, a*pprove the plan, as "the .ateaare notso dirty orso difficult ,to clian as formerly." T hink of s'.-ivinihf the coa Fand most of .t4e smoke fromi thc UOO,OLO house fires inthe metrbpolis 27che Bildr,- : ...
I MO Y-AMIBRXTacM oiT-YRJ2mLLapyI TTa&ay XrWb& -le, premion -a-Pof gokt -Parisg i-about 5 ue 4116e premicl12 L(aoprding ,to the IaJt trJ which, at t*e Egl int pric of 3l. 17X. l0 Ler oz. for standird gol -vean exchange cf :.; the exchii -onLondon t tih being 5 it 'fo o $hit jgold is abbut tli&ae pioaw in,Parisand-:ondon. i By adioes- front Harabug the pioe ot- gold is -425 per mark, which at -the Ernlisis Mint p rioeof St. 17a. lOjiL peroz. for standad gold, gives an exdhapge of 13.4i; -and,. the' exchage at'Banmburg on London at srhoit being 13.6Q, it fqllios thAt aldis 0.81 per cent; dearer in Londodiithan in Hamburg. 7 X; The English funds havebeen eady' to-day, And, ifter having ofenbd at -the lower prics- of last evening,- have c osed at an advance of 'anj eighth. ConsoLs for moneywere first quoted 90 t6o,'whenca they improved to4k to -*from which there was no further alteration up to the termination of business. Thertoofooxitimlftiton:g ,ehppr h ngaccount to the next wa still bet.een 6 ind ? per! I,nt., but short loans were obta ble with ease at 5, per cent. Bank Stockleft- off at 212k to-214; Ris6ed, 90i to 91; New Threeper Cents.,91 to; ; 6nUgAnnuii ties, 3k; Annuities, 1885 Q; In"da Stok, 223k to 225; T1xcheqnernbonds, 971 to 9S -zind India Bonds andExchequer-bills, los. to 5s. disdoAnt. . ,In the discount ma,rket to-day Ihere was leas Foreign securities were rather heavy, ad- quot tions in some cases closed at a decline. There was less activity in Turkish, the late speculativi operations having almost wholly ceased. In the Six per Cents, the baroains for the account -vere -93 93k, and i. The 6uaranteed Four.per Cent..Stoci was negotiated at 101 and 100I; and left off -100 to 1OL The general business comprised-Brazilian Eve per Cents,, 102X; Granada N ewr Active, 20; - the Deferred, 7 and ?J,; Greek, 61; Mei, 2b and; Peravian Four-and-a-Ralf per Cents., for tho account, 801 ; the Three per -Cents., for account, 55k; Russar. Five per Cents., 104k and-lOS; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 93; Sardinian Five Der Cents, 90; Spanish Three per Cents., for 7money, 42k; and for account, 43f; the new Deferied, for account, 231 and 24; Venezuela Deferred, 13; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 96 ; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 95. In the foreign exchanges thisafternoon there was a fair supply of bills, and the rates of last post were fully maintained. The final quotations of the French Three Tper Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f.. 20c. for money, and 72f. 80c. for the account, showing no alteration in the former case, and only a decline of an eighth in the latter. At Vienna the late improvement in the money-market is well maintained. Mluch anxiety is expressed by the merch&nts connected with the Russian trade to lear if t'he contemplated annistice is to involve while it lasts the absence of a blockade of the Baltic ports. According to report, the time to which it wil extend will be the 31st of IkIarch, and the probability is that between its commencement and that period all the ports of Russia from Revel southWard will be perfectly open for navigation. Indeed, vessels have already been chartered in this country to go out to them. Inthis way not only may large quantities of produce be shipped to England, but munitions for a renewal of the wvar may be laid in to any extent-a result which might diminish the feeling of the Russian plenipotentia-Hes at the approaching conferences as to the urgent necessity of accepting promptly all the conditions deemed essential. It is also to be remarked that the danger in this -respect will have been increased by the prevailing expectations of peace having enabled the Russian Government to dispose of theirlastloan, and thus to obtain funds of which they were pTeviously-in the utmost need. At a meeting of the General Iron Screw. Collier Company, heldto-day, MIr. Hntt, MLP., residing, it was agreed to re-arrange the capital and bring the undertaking within the provisions of the Limited, Liability Act of 1855. An animated discussion took place with reference to the bill just intioduced by mer. owe, which was reg,arded with ws ap proval, but, although several of the shareholdery exhibited a dispiosition to suspend any rnovemenf for bringing the company under the stat"+-n 5 year until Parliament shall havo a..aded on the~ new measure, the majority supported and carried the resolutions proposed by the board. In tht course of the proceedings it was explainedthat, upon its becoming law, thlere vill be no difficulty in the shareholders availing themselves of the facilities offered by the new system. Although the rheetind was caled specially for this purpose, and no otheA business could, consequently, be transacted, the result of the operations fcr the past half-year was stated to have been satisfactory. Annexedis an abstracb of the accounts read on the occasion- cAi'rra.vL Amount exended nvessels ... £131,&32 1 1 Stock ... ... ... ... 99D 010 £1329,S22 1 DI Amou,it received oaihares ... £122,500 0 0 Balance from profit ... ... ... 10,322 111 £132,822 1 1 1;EVEDn AccOUrTr. Wages, stores, &c .... £2... ... ;5,408 3 11 Insurance account ... ... ... 7,643 13 3 Denreciationfund ... ... ... 4,132 16 9 Repairs ...... ... ... ... 6,270 S 7 Income-tax ... ... ... ... 1,200 0 0 Sundry expenses for man3gement, &C . ... ... ... ... ... 3,09D 6 9 Balance . ... ... ... ... 17,359 9 6 £65,104 18 9 Freights-of vessels ... ... ... £,397 10 11 Interest, kc.... ... ... ... 707 7 10 £9675,104 18 9 EALAxcE-SHEEr. Balance of vessels ... ... ... £10,322 1 11 lnsurance paid in advance. ... 2,736 2 11 Cash at interest (14,172!. 7s) ... 14,172 7 Or Ditto and bils at bak- ... ... 6,536 12 6 Freights due from Govemnment .. 21,924 18 0 Ditto from others... ... ... 440 4 6 £367,162 6 10 Balance to credit of insurance account ... . ... £12,089 10 9 Ditt4 depreciation fund ... ... 1,169 18 3 Ditto revenue ... .. ... ... 17,359 9 6 Balance due to sundry persns for wages, stores, andsundryaccounts 14,943 8 4 £56,162 6 10 - Balance of revenue brought down £17,359 9 6 Less dividendfor balf-year at 5 per cent.... .. ... ... ... 0 8 4 Balance carr.ed forward . £1154 i 2. . The weekly reviews -from the Amsterdam and Rotterdam produce-markets state that, altihough operations arestill limited, priceswerewellsustained. An increased demand for refined sugar hadcaused an advance in that description, but other qualities remained unaltered. There wa's asteadyinquiry for indigo at mather fmner rates; rice was lower, owing to anugmented sales. The following letter vith reference to the Gvvernment intention of assimilating the commercial laws of England and Scotland iUlustrates, by the citation of a recent and extremely hard case, the necessity of their measure being made to apply to the form and execution of deeds:- "Sir,-In assimilatingthe laws of England and Scotland t w_ be very necessary for Government to extend the measure so as to render the form and execution of -deeds ia both eounties unifoamL At present, in Englnd Adteds are not paged, one witness is sufficient, who maybe male or femile, andin some cases a s alI is usedL In Scotland the practice is different, and a case of great importance to English creditors, who moy lend on the security ef Sctch estates, was dedded by the Second Division of the Court of Session at Edinburgh on the 1st inst, in ' Wbitehesd v. MPCrinmain's Trustees,' whereby a mortgaMdeed, sranted 25 years ago, was declared fl ad an id t u1 jjiec th clrk who *ao?c it omitted to ninbcr cacd of the s--en.pgespf ,cAicf fli dcrd- consisted. There -is an appeal ooen, to the House of Lords as a court of equity, who may aahere to or reverse this dedsion, which is one of very great-importanee, as mnay bo seen when it is considered that.even- when the mortgAe deed itself is correct and in conformnity -witr th Ages or laws of Scotland,-yet- it may be net atide as grated by one net having the power, should it Iube Cmently pe discovered tohat the tite-deeds of the estatei tr infotha in some such trifle as-a particular deed not being numbed on each- page. 4tS A: deputatin of directors anna harehQoldcrs:of the MIadras iRailwazy Company wsaited uD,on the rlairman and Depulty-Chairman of the ±sst TIdn Comnpanyto-dayto suggest some modHifiations- in the existinw rates of guarantee possessed bPthat-under. faking. A meetiing of the Fort Bowen. SEnin Company took place tlhis afternoon, when it wagted to
*- - TAT.&p OF TRADE. * ' M£ANCHE$TEER, FEFA 5. The ct4th market has not beens so active as on this day week, btt' manufatrers have' adhered very firmly to their quotations. For longcloths there has been a rood demand from the Greeks. at full prices, ahd a consi derable btisimess hxssbeen effected. For some descriptions'of printing cloths there has been an active inquiry. The demand for shirtings, Madapollams, ,and jaconbot suited to India has undergone a considerable modification, the accounts by the last mail from Calcutta beirg regarded as the worst that have bec-received formany years. The advices from:Sombay are ilEo discoUraging, but nianufacturers are well en. gaged tqtorder, and prices are not affected.' Therelias not been much business in yarne, but prices are mnostlyf4in. -Manufacturers in some instances have found the market easier, but on the other hand sellers report that in twist:for export, where spinners are engaged, they have realized a slight advance. These, however, are exceptional cases. As a rule, the market has been less actit-e than last week, but prices areinaltered. Messrs.lobn Slngg and Co. report "We continue to ave a very steady demana for long. cloths, T-doths, and some desceiptions of printers, and thefull prices of Tuesday last are firmly maintained.. For India goods, ihat is, lfadapollams, jaconots, and' shirtings the' demand'has fallen off considerably, owin- tb the very dis. counagingnature of the accounts fromnCacutts andlBombay receivedyesterday; but, as thereare no stocks,- and manufactarers generally well engaged, prices are ot affected." LEEDS, FEB. 5. Thetiiocofthe markets this morning did not manifest much iimptovement, and though there was a pretty fair business done it was not so brisk as could be desired. the White (Cloth-all, however, there was a betterbrsiness done. The feeling of uncertainty as to our future relations with the Unifed States, though there does not at present appear to be ant fear thatthe'existing difficulties will lead to war, oreratesginjurionsly, and more or less limits urcases forthe expert trade. Thepriccof wool, too, promises to advance' and chec-A-production a little; but, notwithstanding this, 'vith a peace, and an amicable arramgement of the American dispute, there is no doubt trade would become brisk, and employment still more plentiful. The transactions are generally of a healthy character, and the priospects contingent upon peace are v-ery promising. At the .nudersfleldsnarket this morning the. attendance of buyers was only small, but the tone of -the market was soniewhst iinprovedby purchases for export; low goods of good patterns and doeskius are asked for, and for fancy trousernpgs there are also some inquiries.' The w;ool market presents little or no variation worthy of notice. _
- . WLUWAY AND MNING SHAEM S _ . . e~~. ~~~~~~~~~~ey ' ' -,E in ng. ,1The railway-market was iather heavy6 r`th commzecement. of busihees, b,ut it, subs duently .Tecovered. 'he .principal exception wab iai-he ashe of Great Western, which from 58 declined fo 56, and left off 55A to 541. In the shares of 'th'eAutraliai ]and and banking compci-tlhere w' 3iot mithiqtinty, although prices were- -.'fairly - aupor't Transatiatook plae.'in Canada Land at 131,' m,d 'the linial quotstion was 127 to 182.: Crysta Palace closed 20 to i. The sharesof thle Bank of Egy~pt left; -off 4~to4 'pm.'; Penimbuco2xailway; to ;pm,:; and WJestZrBank of London, Lto 2 pam. .. , . ..
JRAILWAY INTELZ1GENB. i C I I : WES? CQILRNWAT.II The reort of the directors of this company sates that the receipts on the line for the half-year ending the 31st of Decemberlast 'amounted to 15,631L, and for the corrcsponding perio'dof 185£ to 14,6061., shiowinlg ii inereasad of .0251. The eipepdlture amounted to .9,812'l., and L for the -cor.- responding period of 18a4 to 9,8001, shov1iina decreae of 483g.,jmahiagng, together aith the 1,r2eby inerd,animprovement in the net revenue of 1,5O8t. This result gives tho directors confidence in the course they hdve advocated of concentratig the management Cornwall, and leads them I to hope thate by continued attention to details the expenditure may be stibl further reduced, and the tratlic contieued to be developed. The directors strongly reconmendedthatno difdend thoiildatpresentbe deelased,blt that' the 1alancTe shonld remain torthecredit of the general revenue accounit, wihich would live increased confidenlce iu the stabilty of the andertakieg, and thereby enablethedirec. tore th arrange more satisacorily thc debenture debt of the ceomphny.~ The diredtors snliniit to the .propirietors whether. it is desirable-that the-three gentlermen wtho consented to act on.-the committee of investigation shoudl proceed with every-facility wifl be affordedthemnin.the prosecution of their labours. lThe directors have selected Brso as their place of ineeting, and believe that thereby they hav-e consullted the best interests of the company. RAILWAY BITS f PARLIA T. . Yesterday.thefollownsg railwayJbills passed the examiners on stauiding orders*-* . - SWMeSEA V.UE.-To e'nable the company to.rL3e.e tensiogixand branchraiilwavs; t make. ex. * LOqnDO1 AswD Sot7R- srxss .- -To make- a line from Yeovil toElreter, to be cailed the Exiter. Extension ail. FORmT OF DEAN CESmi.r-To.makce. a:ralway from the South'als Iin'nearBrniis'pi1 .to.Howbeach Vhlley, in the, Forest of Dean, at an estimated COst (With branches) of 65,00. -O SBRElcwsBUIrY .&±.Dr H ox.-To..ineea'se thecobn., panyi capital, to arrange as to Shrewsbury sation, and to purchase 3ands. . -- andin. orders-were The other raiv .aybils 'that S stan&g order3 rth the Aberdeen and Scottish Mlidland~Jxintionnnd Dnnidec and A,rbroath .Arrangemtnt and Leas%, thb' LondlondeiTy and Eninisililen, aud theflenny Junction. ..- ..,-' TRAFFiC -RETUI'S, -es -- .eT m , - . . - aIal -;eu .-aen:- :: ea'v.: elabia. 155. . ' 5i Wee encfln iau.2ss:. . * . -L .L oreof Fiance..... - .. - ,.. ..'. 3215 .. 2G,161 ,WjNYuXan.-3?. - '- Konga ad anace ..2...2 Z. -1 9 .1 .7L.. 312 .. .-am . We imdinz Feb62. GIVw andAoUth-WeSteMn .- . ., .- 5.271n ,768 Coast .. .. .. 181k .. %2 ;. 2,430.; 10,702.. U,637 Souta*ni ;:-.: -*7 .Week ea& Yeb. 3.:.. . .- GseatLuumba g... 31 ,. - . .. 276..-. lknda1an.WIndernere ..,-, ..--[ .. - ~-.. 7.4S .. 130 Thefollolnare-the liast returps.of the groi receiptsef the prpiicif T%nch hiilwalys .
ZAW RBEFOWORw.) 7-3 I COURT OF W EEMS BDECH. W;ST Fxm 5. .n-nno * -ir I. *(SiUingg at MOsi P2u, Won orc l;orA CAjELL LaX . CIo Tt J * . ) . Mr. Hawkins ana Mr ordon Allart app~ear7ed for the plaintWf,.and- Mr. Griffits for the defendlant..- This was anaction,inwhich.the 6DAbu1 s, sought to recover amagies froin.IthedefnZaii Oh'rles Gray, fora,false xpcestonf s a t of bnsiness, done by the'defeidnditsst a bak"e?r atta. xshlo~p=ko., &aei stredt,U in he Strand.. -It appeared tlhat e*s thcm 19kh. Mfarch, W*M tbe!defend,nt,. WisingW todisposi of his busIness inx EAsex-stree te,o= We4v`risi= ct t be ins6rted in the Wcekt D4pqetck newspaper;-, IITo Baktms-o eAsp A f h-rpaimj,~ seldomxto be mect with, a, krsso, on botaxaos-el,and mght2be,oubla banpeonthtcan-attond-to~ it, and, 7!. per Wee" nbsut n aty -Rent all let ofE. It complet horughoodandir Price,-200guiWeas. East Temsple Cofeso,No6 ierar-tet,Fleetstreet.'".- The plantiflimaving sten thisdvemnaJe,p the- defedant a-t his 'shop in Essex-aireetn and had spome conversation, in the course of. which the defendmait referred. to enid adopt-ed the reyfresentation contained, in the adver-, -tisement, and als gtated that the drainaeDf the prfmise wagin apeafectstate. On_the 28th:ofV. Mrthe.plaintiff x.nd defendant executed an agreement for theAale'of the' business for the sunm of.2101., of which -thei- mi of_&.L:onlv was paid down, and the remainder was to be paid by=ntf m3nents. -The plaintiff took possession iouithe'11th of April, but soon found that thelsusiness done did hot exceed Anor sacks bf floursa-weekc, end from 4!. to 41. 40Os for psryandbiscuits. .,'On the 11th of i October, when the, plamgt-iff .wen topay the defendant one of. the .instalnient lie toidhirn how much he had been deceived,! and -that he -sold nothing, liketbeqantxy presented :byAhe defendant.Thde fendanat, in explanation, said. the benchtrs of the Inner~ Temaple-end the barristers Zereh isprincipalcustomert ; that it was then the long TWAcaton dng -whiclx they were absent frozh London,. and that when they retprned, business; woull .be. mnore brisk. Thielong: vacation -ceased, bat the business did, not iniprove. and, uitimatelyi the plaintif -. -wa compeled to cose hisshop. Iti further> plsintif; had aated .t -a, frend at-he efic Df the I age wsinabdsate,-andthat the panifhdepne 23Liputtngatright. The defe dntsated that toe had purchLase the, business about six mionths before the insertion of . the advertisement for the swnm of 155i,, And hada- spent about 457.-. in repairs;, enid that iu consequenice of not hanamg a good foreman, he; became desirous of. selling the.. business,_and -inserted -the. advertisoment in the Disjsctc. 'He-rstated-that when-,the. Iplaintiff called-upon him bo. old him the-businessw7s,.mot. actually-whathe had represented, and that he was, infact, only doing four sacks a-week, and.6!. in small goods. lUpon that the plaintiff expressed himself satisfied, and ultimately, executed the agrement. Hlefurther stated that th p laintiff never made any complaint until the yeari855,-and'theA. only spokeoff. the defective nature of the drainage.'- When he first bought the business hse did only- three sacks;,. but it afterwards increased to four, end four end a half sacks. - Lord CASII'nLu, in summning up the evidente, s~aid the. question for thejury was whetlierthe reqpresentation mhde by the defendsait was- 'dishonestly made, and was, false to the. defendant's knowledge. H is Lordship observed -that the evidence of the niisrepresentation was -very strong, for the efedantapparedto ave eferedto the adv7ertise-. One f te jrymn osered hattheinsertion of such advrtiemets as-erycomon,andseemedl to suggest thatthede~dsnonghnotto e hld.to the representa- lodCAm .xLx, with considerableavarmatb, raidthat, -i such was the case, it was a most detestable practice, : and it could not2 be done by- a~n man without'dishenour. iMs Lor:dship observed thaitihieving and pickingpckta wr very common practice, but if a thiief -or. -pickpocket were tried before the jur3rman ini question he (~Lord Campbell). should be very sbrry if the thief or pickpocket thoul-d -be -acquitted because thieving aLnd picking pockets. w7ere very .common practices. After,some minutes' conference the - jury sUtatd they were all agreed, except one jurywm nI -The jury then retired, anid were absent some hour,. but ultimately found for the plaintiff, wsith 119!. damasges. - . OosG W. LEWIS A-ND OTMES.S Mr. Cook Evans appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Haw.. -kins for-the defendant. 31r EvNs,inoetigtheme shedtat heactionwas ~smalteemets ehmtd i a place called -Spring-gardens,, in the parish of St. Dunstain,. Steuy ffh litf *axI survevro, living mn.Unson-street!, Hacekne-y-repdl,-aaintd iffe Awas the le;ssor of the preisein questioz4 which werei leased to the defendant, Jeremiah Lewis, a surveyor in the .Com-. - mherciak-road. 'The lease wadatedthe15th of AprUi.185Z and by it the defendant had becom& the lesse of the..pre-, mises for a term of 40 years froxm Christrmas,. 1851, at an annual renkt of -401., he covenaui among other -thiu;s~, 'to 'kee the houe inrpir h enmns were. za-habited by PerOn inavr ubecondition of life, and, beingngetdbytedfnat,hy got .out: of repair..Tetnns ndr-teecm!sac5 .neglected to, pay thi-et n-eetal ea tocoi nuit depredationsuo hi oss and taeaway. doors, shu-tters sashe,&.D-tearypt of- the year 1855the houses lQeeme sodlpdtdta hywere dangerous to the passengers,, and accordnlpoed swere -taken by the authorities under th-etpoi.aBilngc(h-S8thand.9th Victoria cap.: 84). ohao thempn-toW se state. For this.purps notices were,sry:yte oversee~s of the parish, and,though thepremisewrebr up, so asq t prevent their falling into the street; notmnwe done to-put.them into a good state-of repair in -aerdmc vdth thq covenant in the defendant's lease. It,thrfe,e-came necesmy to bring this actiontoect t he 'ejndnct mkt in the meiiinq.mtho houses becm oi]pdt&ha they were dangerouas to theteatsheele. Jnr 'tht6se circumstmancs,- proceedingweimsl- nrth -etropolitan Building Act of the last session, (the 18th and -19th Victoria, ap.-I12), to bavethein;secured or remnoved. ~Nothing, however, was done, aud,.it being foutr- thlf thd. 'houses were dangerous to their inmates, an application was-on 1Fzidpy last musde to the poIcmastte! Wrhp street to grant an order for theirzremoval.. The application. was made under the 80th section, which enacted that "in cases where a structure has- been certified- -by't, district surveyor or other surveyor as aforesaid to -le-dsanger,~ .611S to its inmates, a justice of the: peace knsy,- it satisfied of the correctness of such.certMfcate,-upo - the, application-of the. said comumissionets,.by -ogorde under I& baud direct any inmates of such nArhctar to !heltmbvsIi - hrfnib a constable.c orether peace oet n-fte inothave no,other aboe he may reqUIrethenrto bereceived. inote wor~khouse established. for theteception-of the.poor of -the placein whiclksuch struettreis: sltuAte2'-- -That applicatiou was made to a police :magistrzate atWorship-stret onx Fridlay lsat, and was granted, so that the tinauts-were probably by-the present time all - removed.-; The question now *as whether at the date 'oDf the 'wr%t,the; Ist-of -N-H vember, 18~55p the premises in questioii. we*igooctxamdtenantable repair; aiLd if,the facts snew statedl wer;eAroved the learnoed,eounsel- said-he: thought thelue- - c d'mob -entertaina doubt upon that point. ?-.A L, Lord CAmI'BELL. here suggested-to the d4fendasuts cbusisel whether, if ithe facts were as stated, -it wa worth-While to struggle against a VerdiCt. --- . - - Mr. HA,wxs said he had- nothing to do~.with the pro, -ce?dings of -the commissioners; hehBouldliketohoanth ,evidence. -- - - -Thomail Prockter, clerk to, the plitifs atttnefy, -was then- 6aled, andp roved the execution',of -the:lease,the ma. -teialpotios fwhchwere thenTe&aL-.He*tatidthat he, had x ind'th-preises-~d~p~dthat-doo2, shutters,sashes,5w., hd beena re.wy~The-hoftswweiemaa!inst ilpidte-codiiou~ nd ss-yrektwo-of theux had- Mr. H~xrss, answerit&cothrape1Iomt Bench, sid he-wo Ldot.:conteudfuhe,trte -i- -Mr. iivA:Fusihensstrrdto4he 73da74tjsdima fthe:Metxopelit;nBui1ding Aettof lastrsessioa4i, hcsih aiied tthe cofminissionerul to, cause daeousrgtr=~ ~tkkenldqwowurepaire4' AnthelltoiselAthe-pstmtises,tni, aftdr deducting- thoe ierpeaosthey W,d-i nur±edto rtst,orb he toimht.~,tsbU~ildtlo giant~ tIi~a~picato or te ske o th intres ofthle public.
-'~ . - CEW2 VZ At, 0 VT, F,. 5. , OLD COIXET. . : . -: gBfo.w* RZCORDEL)' * Thomias Stevenson, 40tarsepectable o ig mai, wASIKdictedfor fogI g an ae7tgece to a billof eicb e tor. 35w, with intet to defr I enzy Duck*orth. There- w aso a ount charginglbe prioner witiivtteringthe instriinentin-quetornknowitigitto be-forgeL -. . - ;- -- r. 3etcalf 'couductedtheproecutiwon; -h:praocerwas defended by Mr. Ballantne -- Itappeared-frorn the openmg. of the loear tounsaIfo the prose ction and t he evdenoe that .w asdduced that tb priwoner was connectea by warri withe a' hi ]y. e- 3wectable family inleiere ire, azd that two of his wEifebsbrothers -were-Tarmes and grziers6insthat oouett On the 1st of December ie Went to--Mr. Duck- ieorth, a wholesl meat saewman in wgrte-=^tEetf, who was aoquainted wvith iin, and- lso wi!t his wife's family, and handed him a lettefr which iontained the bi11 n qestlon, ad -whiclr-purported to beaccepted by both thc brothemd prisosies mife wadto-be payableAt Messrm. Hill's, the bankers,- in .mi -Afid an& upon the fath of the -bil be' I nel 3m e pxi,sencr the arnount bytwo c=ekp VtwM~QbeeUcntI-Arece.. tainedithat tho AccepWoaec were both forg,inittheo iiSL hesessatted that they nevfr sve theriont-.r iny-aithorit3' to. puttheir names.lo: such au izsruiett.- ttspirod-lthe courc of the case -that the wifc-o£ thc prisoner ba fre. sent'.y received pecuiary Assistance fromr-her brothers bS eeks; and -cas,iiamd3t apered te be ginttedth.sbt forged4acceptance was in the handvritingofheison e'fh wife. It ato appeared that neither-Mr. Dncorth nc the relatives of the prisoner ha taken any tep to procte &nthenmatter, and it seemed that 'hen the blilTbctme dqe itwonidhavvebeenpaiciifitbdbemdeliv.eredip. la. BAILLANs, atthe doseeof tbe case for thepromec-. tion, submitted that vpon the facts before the Codrit tlicio vas no evidenoe to go to the jury either ruponthe chage-ot forgexy or utternng the instrumentain'quiestiorn -: The BEcoRDxR said that with reard to the iemnt for Iii. forgery there certainly wa zo evidence tessppcrt it, ard as to-the-ttering it did not even appear tha the prisoner eve. vvte bil that was.alleged to be forged; the evidence being that it as enclosed in a sealed letter written by bis ie,adthererwatnothingfto showthat she had not tolU him that she had reedthe bill fonherothers an" as tbhe prisoner w aware thatthey hld amisted.Mr befoo lie might-very well have supposed that theyhad-done-o eaDin by means of thisbilL -tndertheie ciicmustances he-did. not think tbe ury would feel themnselves juetified in cons victing the prisoner. - -- The jury intimated that t*y. dia nmt- ebtLiiai - evidence-su9icient to support the charge, and they atonee retured a verdict of .Vo.-asUy. The prisoner ws then charged upon anotberindictEdent. with the offence of misdemnour, in having obtai:ed goods unlatwfuy by false pretenca.- Thesamtuelearnedcounselwere engaged for thepro-sec-. tion andthu defence. - The trial for this indictment occupied the Court for 'several hour,, but the facts were in x-aow-ompA.: - It ap; redthatinthe month af September last the-prioner aned . to 3Ir. TrTrner, the nager ofriwaterproofig establishment, in Wood-street, -and uponl the repxesenta. tion that he was carrying on a drapery establisEment at, Cbain he induced hin to -tppy hibnl with some articles. in: his- trade upon a monthly acoount, which -ppeared to have. been regulaly ettled- Mr. Trner it. appeare, was surprised.-veys-ortly fter he becaeac.quainted with' the prisoneito find thlat applications were riade to -him on behaf bf eesrs. Apence,--BagpRayr, Ad Co., Me6srs. Devas and Oo.,-and -other wholesale houses inx theCity, with respect to the prisoner, and he sartainae& eSaht as a idenvoured to. obtain considerable quantities of goods, and that he bad referred to him for his dr*act D'an aspectabiliti vr. TMsner,-it 4ppeared, deced td pPae 2nseLf in te pesi tin of a-refetee and he infoMe ithe parties of tlieactUil nature of the transtionS -that lAd takens ]Vace betweea -himn'ad the prisoner, and he sent for him and complained of the pihceeding . he had adopted, and at the same time told hinim that before he could act as him referee he must -tidy hinn as to -his positxon ant mans. --Thb prisoner theri told hinm that he -ad been in business at Chatham for sit Wonths; that he lad scapi-tle of 40(1 when he onuuenoe& buineus - and- he said t1 his father, Joseph Stereason, w*o s- a fanner at Ullkesthorpe, in Leicesterhire, omld confrs his. statement iadtl regrdtotbe amont-vof u%i hSpo&ed-Wen be eom- min!mxtc, My. Tu,Pe ipaw tM%swrote `Aetter t61Iei-: | thorpe, sisdig for inonto4ni ucours he recei ' letter, signed J teon4' whiehre ted the fact vasa* stated by the prisouer, ad lSothabewould have a Itfuturet t ajpeared that Mr. T ner:isaatisfi&lisitltha lettr, and iniconsequence.of what; he-state&tthe perssho hd applied-to him they were -ndc o et the isonehave gooids of different deDcyhti6i. t1i- whole' which. -were sent dqwn to -hathanL .It wes n thoa facts that the present ine t r o gois by false pretenes weprefezred againWt.the prisoner; d, in oider,tosupporttbe charge,-it wss- othat he iner s in derate circumstaces . at - the tine of the transaction, sid that, in addiftaiihig been inbusinessfor sin months,. he had olyhad posseM on of the shop at Chathani for three weeks, an ih eeomd not open it. because- be had no stockto patiito it. It hsalso provedihataxcon!is derable porion- of the- godo zbtained from the London warehouses was sent toaypthlr shop taken by the prisoner at Sha4wel, -and tht other portioSis of the roert had been pawzed; tdit is likwe. shggestetat'the leR supposedto-havebeeii sent b thorisoneisfatherwa 3in pont of fact;- -written by hinief; It' a2ppered .that tipor these f ats becOming knIwn 1,wig police were mliea to, nd 2 consierable potionef the o t -a ken from the shop at Chathamn andthe onea*t Shadwll bysomeonstables of the city police, and were now-in their posgesion. In the course of the case amea mBAd tches va called as a withea, ind, tothe ityidehco given byliima the prison-er hade adniitted:t hEate mtenei a to defraid the perscns frorn whon emeoieinedtbe g-obds; Henlsio' ptesented that the priso.erb ad tolIii0 thatiet6ad:raMl migneyby means o£ forgedil-ndehsis,feshad signed the meso£her idat on tgtoheae bil;- andae s,id that, ulpon -his obsesring:to .tbe~iionePtlt lie ihad better be carthil, and that he -ntw ta-perthewiosrwas-for a s;imilar act, he ited-thesemtter ver W lihy aI d Eidl thet his relations wroold nt allo hiii t* etinto trolde. - This liitnesslkewie wid>ttb.the prioner bId hn that ,he hid-asged toi get; the letter- tha ws sent to;hi - ithst, 'ardthth-ecntrivedthea*rhiinsrlL Me wa sybiecd fto Aery severe b§-[tf Oh . Baaixtlne, ind' the eounthe p-re ef his previousfe i^:j any mTdeans of i favourable kind, an-it- e that it , thronul the informa~on bxs a& i - ref 1 *bpeet-eoedn t -lu beeii-tl ;glnttheprisoner..1-7- for tlOedefene,and in-the course' f 2is -adrea safid : appeare&tolttiher~'wrreipsetl"#ound fd g-vro * iytle prifoerwth fni Ldulet tbtan the ' proper in.tsion,ridh t t itw1 p ciucb.mel,eprohahle thaI l.: -merel . te&6kt6o edsuiEinoderto 'hbk1 eba.chteoE establis -ig*himsel1d e'i& tht ",e wolda hive -p - d)-rlh odsfa ant5liitf n-erp* rth;e?adtthittheprbeiot1o8@.deaxwiyw*ith, greitbulk.of it.s foi-ihm -o" i iiae; ' -thatthisioiw tatt be ha o- 'inteisticiitt dii e;> .the'nconiniente seeely n*o-.the'@dobft1arw5tne"bne' 'Ehthes,iin dlia0th-` f the 'W i 'aW& imt therec6ild i edQMt tb,tos if eiw migawa+e-tathepboenerirass; tiy bo~n'e - adeu9a ofliifn for lis oeean&invtheDeiidhig betrayed MV4 -d ans - fplidhiniin h present position. , . - t1he Tprintipl point l3eyki fo wcon irs s they ihouid be of opinom tl t the fwelie4tatcaents imped 44him,;b er.herbe intee ,Aaud'Tie e onr6niahomhe oh e*hi67 1 t s p b thtse s tkianee.dhf.fo- . i heotLet f ediiti cM bea5 *tz b ini6M iii tiepndedo defr.obidA tbnero Sh§'n tath oia&sctt~e4d *al$ds : - di-t~ irC-4 -i e'oer ho hd 41 euftMttwy. fii4 f> julOlll stQfiigMteihe"du. . ., ,i jti WktJ'i. W }w.1i npi es' : WdsIV > s aw.) : 3r=r _v_ =27 .-- *6: i343r^.A6--> ,
NIAVAL A2VD MILITARY INTELIGENOO. ' W ----- 45. Captain Coeringtoa's division of gunboats, enumerateda 3tsterdar as at Portsmouthi;ent out- of- abor to the3otherbank yesterday. The Ist and 2a1 divisions of the whole gunboat fEotils will, we are informed, rendezvous at PortlAnd-the 3d and 4th in Stoke's Bay. The Coloss,a 81, Captiin the Hon.I HL eppel, Wi also go to Portland. Tlhi PRodney, 92, one of the depOt ships Cor this effective force, is in hand, and wil be adapted with all despatch. She ill embark, this day, Captain Pickanl, Secondliea. tenant Holloway, 2 seent, 2 corporals, fifer, and 63 privates of Royal Mrine iUght Infantry,, from the divi. sional bead-quarters at Gesport. The C6sar, 91, Cap. tain Robb, left Portsmouth harbour for Spithead, after rcfit. yMerday. The Flying Fish; gun despatch boat, was taken into the steam-basin yesterday, to be e_xpedited for commission. The new steam gunboat }rinctes, lately aunched at Pembroke, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday in charge q the Lucifer steam tender. The steam transport Bahian, No. 160, left Spithead yesterday afternoon for the Thames. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Sultan, which arrived at Southampton yesterday morning with the Peninsular mails, we have the foUowing items of naval and military inttlligenco from Gibraltar :-Her Maiest's steam troopship Pefseverance, which left the bay on the 15th ult., conveyed detachmentseof the 10tb, 23d, 31st, 38th, 44th, and 46th Regiments, and 1st and 2d1- battalions of lhe Rie Briadeto 31alta, where they are to join the teserved. depOts stationed in that island for the purpose of flling up vacancies whenever required by their rcspec. tive corps doing duty at the seat of war in the Crimea. Uer3fajestys steam troopship Transit, Commander Johnson, wh1ich put into Gibraltar during the night of the 14th from Portsmouth to coal, took her departure on,the evening of the 16th, with the 2d Light In4tryRegiment of the British GermaniLegion on board, bound for Scutari. The steam. Sransport Cleopatra put into Gibraltar Bay on the after. 300n of the 20th ult., being seven days from Cork, a-hd having on board 17 officers and 540 men (detachments of various reiments) for Malta. Daring the voyage the Cleopatra experienced very bad weather and lost two boatv, beaides baving another stove in. A man also died of sea sickmew on board. The Cleopatra left for her destination in tho evening. The British steamer Brandon, Dine diys 'from London, with Government stores for 3alaklva, arrived out at Gibraltar on the 22d ult. The British steam transport Madagascar, Captain Rennie, ihipped at Brcelona 170 mules for tho we of the Land Mransport Service, and left for tho DardaneUes; and the Assistance steamer, Captain Blois, took in at Valencia, on the 5th inst., about 260 mules for the same service, and deparfed for Gallipoli. The East Anglian steamer, Captain Joy, which arrived at Gibraltar on the 20th inst., with gunpowder -for Malta, having discharged her cargo, coaled at the Newlrole, and left for Spithead on the 24th ult. The l;incashiro Witch sailing transport arived at GibTaltarfrpm the Crimea and Malta on the 23d ult., and sailed for Spithead on the following day in tow of the steam transport Hope, bat shortly afterwards put back. The steam transport Borussia, seven days from Plymouth, with detachsnents of diferent regiments for 3Malta, arrived -out on the 2Zthult. The Earl of Aberdeen steam transport, eight days from london, with detachments for the Crimea, arrived out at Gibraltar on the following day. During the voyage she experienced very bad weather; wind, S.W. to WVS.W., 'with a tremendous sea, which carried away a portion of tho Iulwarks, figure head, and some of the erections on deck for the convenience of troops. The Earl spoke the Reporter, iound south, in long 9.49, lat. 420 north. After the arrival of the veszel At Gibraltar two horses died fronm the effects of the severity of the weather which the tEarl encountered. The steam transport Eglinton, nine days from Malta, with shot and marble for Gibraltar and Spithead, arrived at the former port on the 29th ult. The screw transport Norman, No. 155, went down to *Woolwich yesterday morning from the docks, and is lying off the Arsenal Wharf waiting orders. As the Norman has been en-aged in transporting cavalry horses to the Crimea for some time, and as her fittings for that parpose still remnain, it is probable that her forthcoming cargo will be horses or other live stock for the troops in the East. The despatch boat Coquette. Commander Risk, haing completed herfittings yesterday morning, bent sails. She is to godow to the Arsenal Wharf to be victuaued and receive her armament. The iron-mortar float No. 1, which sustained considerable anmage-under the experiments at Shoeburyness, has, with No. 2 of the same series, been repaired in Woolwich dock. yard, and they are again ready for service. Soms alterations have betn considered necessaryin the rigging of these boats, which has been changed for a standing Ing and fore and aft roil, thd cutter-riging. preventing them from answering the helm. They againbentsailsyesterdaymorming. Theseare to be speedily followed by 32 others of the same construction .-eiz., 20 from Messrs. Scott Russell's, and 12 from Mare's, the whole to befitted out and manned atWoolwich. The paddlewheel steamer Ardent, Commander Hubert CAmpiOn, from tlle Black Sea, was yesterday morning warned into the outer basn at Woolwil, to be stripped, prior to commencing her repairs The Rhadasmanthus, Master Commander Cole, sailed yesterday morning from Woolwich, with boilers and steam anachinery for Portsmouth and Plymouth. Tlhe gunboat GrasshopPer, Lieutenant Commander Lee, left Woolwich basin, and steamed down to the Arseual wharf to receive her sea stock yesterday morning. Charles E. H. Farrant has been appointed second master to the 3Mohawk; P. J. Mu-ray, midshipman to the Rodney; Radal MDonnell, asstant-surgeon to the Chatham Marines; and William Shone, -awsistant-surgeon to tho PearL Yesterday Captain Barlow's company of the Suffolk Arillery marched into Ipswich from Landguard Fort, to relieve No. o company, now under orders for that destination. They have been greatly im. proved during theirnine months' sojourn at Lasidguard Fort, and their conduct hasbeen indicative of the sound dis. cipline enforced by their commanting officer. Such men are indeed a credit to the serice. Their appearance and soldierly deportment, as they marched through the streets, afforded matter for general obeervation. THE 3EMLTIIA F orty men of the 2d Somersetshire tilitia were attested mn Dnblinon MondsAY upon volunteering, 34 of them into the 13th Light Infantry, and the remainder into the 2d ])ragoon Guards (Queen's Bays.)
BA.YKPUPTCY OF MJJR BOYD AVD THE BOYAL BANR OF A USTPALIA. TO THE EDI5TOgo-p THE TbES. ir,- your report of theproceedings herein, on Saturday lass, 3r. Iawance (the banuxupt's solicitor) appears to ave stated that I; as offcial manager "was the petitioner in the case of thejpoor man who died broken-hearted the cther day tbereZy conveYihg an impression that I had acted with harshness and injustice. Tlhe contributory in. qnuestii was called upon for 1Z5W00., and in Augus, IS5 lie alle&edthat he was unable to pay more t-han 5,OOOL., and at my request he promised, withii a short period, to fuanish me with astatement of his afiair, to submit to the ster for his consent to compromise. He afterwards fled to 3oulogne, and his solicitor caed O me six months afterwArds, and stted that he hadnods of his own but that, by eontributions from private fiiends, hehoped to be ab,le to satisfy' the claim, and asked for delay, w'hich I reiy'grated, heaning he was asn invalid. Learinig, how. ever, that he had a large sm. of money of his o th him Ews uTged by other c ontributoi es not to allowhbimat,o escaM lut to proceed in banlrnpty , under which he paid over to the mesenger ofthe court at Boulogne double the amount of my daimo in Exchequer-bonds, payable to bearer I com. promised my claim under the bankruptcy, and his widow received the balance, he ha n no family HiA fatal disorder was one o long standing, and certainy motcausedbythe rrinous specultion whichhe joined as woolbrok4r to the oyal Ban. w me to add that Mr. 3awrance himself, as solicitor to one of the pyin con. tributories% long previously applied to me to open thss t, which I avoided as Jon4 as possible, wishing on all occa. sions to perform my painfal duties with every considerate feeling.; I am, Sir, your most obedi-et as,.on W. UH A #'T.1F. WRVdVTIV 91iMal Knaer. Sarbrook-owt, c>, Feb. 4.
Mmnrsu! AFTD~.-nliona afternoon, soon after 3 oclck, two inen waoe standin on the roof of the lockof bildi ' tee,liverpool, ' 0p-zto the eas side of theI;o'wn.hXiladweev`re preparing tolow'er the cornoce stones, when a portion of the stage gave way, and they wer-e precipitatd. OIL to the ffts below fromn a 12eight of about 70 feet. One of them, Thomas Wimlli_ms, was killed on the spot, and the other sastained a compGund wactseo the anlelection seorehnoT fractu e of f the s~~ Aovee toth kiop Inrieeroj wierenot ampuatlo ast fon ft the nee mb. ers wholaoh. (and hunduedstdi wso eld o thebondedy o offilm yethevopreday, snd an hewa.1stf Whcdntldat' h" was re ut wned hr.mhr ya wandthe-wouald aebe electinfrhoayofed s of. Aclmthe n& cistrA cesm asthee,rtr thannsiyillt pankd at eatu tou-fthg of theinmemberwovoftheed an deto. did kto) revo defMnhteJin Mmctr. kicoar Cobhet whtuas po andseondedwbastone ofathopresidets,m an Cea. baied hata caneVIdfUt two o=r tre boti year ..up wih all t e ibun ofhlisuethckthen
=PBUI INCOIUR-AND EXPBNDITUBB. The official accounts yeterday published shovw that, in1 e year ended the-SIst of--December,;1855, the 'ublie income of the united kingdom amounted 'co 63,364,6051., and the publie expenditure to 84,5i,7881., leaving the somewhat alarming deficiency of 21,141,1831. Of the revenue, the Customs yielded 20,987,752t.; the Excise, 16 389 4861 ; the stamps, 6,805 6041. ; the taxes (land and assessed), 2,945,784. ; the property-tax (income-tax),. 13,718,1851.; the Postoffice, 1,137,2191.; the Crown lands, 280,5151.; the ale of old stores, dzc., 522,1381.; moneys received from the East India Company, 60,0001.; miscellaneous receipts, 402,7681.; and unclaimed dividends, 115,1491. Of the expenditure, the interest and management of the penmanent debt cost 22,792,5941.; terninable annuities, -173,2401.; the interest of Exchequerbonds (1854), 217,0001.; the interest of Exchequerbills (aupp y)5 o60,6351.; deficiency, 9,3861.; and ways and means, 26,Z491.; maldng a grand total, for the public debt, of 27,647,8991. The civil list entailed -a charge of 396,5701.; annuities and pensions, 340,9911.; slarites, &c., 162,6971.; diplomatic saLaries and pensions, 149,2441.; nnd courts of justice, 493,082?. Of the "Supply" services, thearmy costl4,545,0591.; the navy, 19,014,708?.; and the ordnance, 9,632,2901. The vote of credit (additional expenses of the war with Russia), 5,200,0001.; and miscellaneous civil services, 6,741,1=26. The balances of public money remaining in the 33xchequer on the 31st of December last amounted to the sum of 3,688,600?. against 6,015,6121. on the 5th of January, 1855. I an earlieraccount, made up to the 30th of September, 1855, the revenue is made to amount to 62,990,5801., and the expenditure to 78,505,5531.-leavingadeficiency of 15,514,9731.
X - UIVERSITY INTBLLGENCE. OXFORD. FEn. 5. In a Congregation held this day at 2 o'clock the statute coneerning.the duties, mode of election, ;-c., of the Professor of MSusic, the Cheragus, andPrecentor, the formation of a school of practical ususic, and the excerises to be rformed for musical derrees, was read and promulgated. . G. V. Cox, of Nlew (allege, opposed several points of the statute, and handed in a list of aumendnsents. He objeeted to the requirement from candidates for the degree of Doctor of Music of a decaration that their mxvical exercise vas composed by themuselves, to the examination for the B.M. degree being partly nita roc, to the proposed distribution of fees, and to- some other Points winch we did not catch. Professor Hussey replied, and entered into a general explanation and defensce of the statute, which was an attempt to raise up a school of practical music in Oxford. It was experimental, and: if the experisnent succeeded it would be easy for the University to give icreased stipend;, and otherwise carry out the idea of the statute further. He had himself one or two amendments in details to propose-one to give a power to the curators of the Bodleian and the keeper of the Ashmolean to keep in their own hands all rare and specially valuable musical books' and another, to give the two Sawilian Professors alternately the right of voting at the election of the Musical Professor. Mr. Iawlinson, of Exeter, called attention to the omission of any distinct statement that the professor was henceforth to be elected for life. He presumed that this was the intention of the planners of the statute, but, as he believed the Professor was now, under the terms of the will, nominated by the Proctors amnually, he thought the change to a permanent election should appear distinctly on the face of the statute itself. Professor Hussey said it was very doubtful what the legal mode of election now was. Practically, the Professor was elected for life. In any case he thought the repeal clauses at the commencement of the statute sufficient to abolish the annual election. Mr Macray, of Christ Church, made a few observations, to which Professor Hussey replied, and the Congregation was dissolved. In a Congregation to be holden on Tuesday, February 12, at 3 o'clock, the form of statute on the election, stipends, and duties of various professors, and on the Craven Scholarship, which has been amended bythe Hebdomadal Council, will oe promulgated afresh. This will be its third promulgation. The following notice has beeen given:- "In a Convocation to be holden on Tuesday next, the 12th instant, at 3 o'clock a proposal to add a teacher of the Italian language to the Taylor Institution for a period of five yers, but n gible, with a stipend of 125. a-year, payable from the funds of that foundation,togetherwiththe privilege of receiving the fee of 7s. a-term from each of his pupils, wil be submitted to the House. "BI L COTTON, Vice-Chancellor. "Worcester College, Feb. 5. "N.B. The nomination of the teachers rests with the curators-five of them concurrimg-such nomination to be afterwards submitted to convocation."
WnEmCIs, &c.-SounAwToi, Feb. 5.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Sultan, from GXibraltar, brings int ece of the abandoning of the schooner Silurs, of Scilly, which ut into that port on the 31st ot Oecemiber on her voyage fromi Palermo to Bristol, laden with sulphur. The schooner Caroline, of Cardiff, fell in with the unfortunate vessel about 25 miles west of Cadiz, when the captain sent hismate and two men on board, who succeeded in bringing her into the bay of Gibraltar. Captein flod"es and crew of the Silura were picked up on the l0th ult. by the French bark A!nne Marne, and transshipped on the 13th on board of the American bark lNararine, whcic arrived two days after and landed them at Gibraltar. The following items of intelligenco are extracted from the Gibraltar Ch7nicI :-On the evening of the 19Tha, the weather having became very boisterous, the Frentch Government steamer Sentinelle fired a number of alarm gans, when the French steamer Phcenix got up steam, went to render assistance, and accompanied her over to the roadstead of Algeiras, where she anchored, and proceeded to Oran, apparently without suffering any damage. The British brig Sumatra put into the bay on the 21st, bound from Matacon (Africa) for Marseilles, with a cargo of ground nuts, having, in a severe gale on the 7th ult., had her mainmast carried away, and lost bulwarks, boats, galley, &c. One of the crew was unfortunately washed overboard and drowned. The brig Supply (of Stornaway), 31Lean, master, from Salonica for Gork or Falmouth, put into Gibraltar on the 16th ult., thiough stress of w;eathei, having lost two topsails, fore. topmast,. staysail,. trysail, mainsail, and part of her bulwarks. The Austrian steamer Aquwla Imperiale, put into the bay on the 26th ult., havin, when 30 miles to the eastward of the rock, broken that part of her machinery, called the feeding valve. She was getting repaired preparatory to leaving for Trieste, where she is ound ladenvwith stores for the Austrian Government. The Euxine packet, after leaving Southampton, experienced very stormy weather, with a succession of gales from the south-west, and attempted to put into Lisbon for a supply of coal for fear of ranning short on the voywe to this port, but could not cross the bar of the Tagus on account of the boisterous state of the weather. The master of the Spanish bripantine Dolorcitas, which arrived at tibraltar from terache, on the 17th ult., reported the oss of- a bark 14 miles to the south of that portsupposed from the artiles picked uup to have belonged to 31alta; crew believedto be drownued. Another vessel (a French brig) was'wrecked likewise 24 miles soath of the same place, and thc crewv barbarousy murdered by the natives. A private letter of the 16th ult. from larawhe states that very severe weather was experienced there. A vessel had been 'wrecked to the south of that port where nothing but the chains and anchors were found, and are in the possession of a Moor, Who has likewise picked ul a gilt female figtre-head, and some pieces of sail which, have been brought to Lrawhe. Some Moors reported that they had seen two dead bodies on the beach. THE RECEn-T CuhRGEoFDPA SSGFoaRGED )CcS. -The C=mZdri(7c Chronride contains the followingfparticnwars respectin George Patman, who was charged a few d dballPoice-court with pasing forged che to a large amount:-Patman came to Cambridge about 12 months ago. He took lodgings at the house of a lady in ITewvsquare, and, conducting himself with great propnety, was in course of time introduced to several respectabe families. He had previously, we should observe, made the acquaintance of some lde connected with one of these families at Ber t in Hertfords ire, where he7was residing. Ife was very regular in his habits~, remarkably guiet, a constant attendant a to ent n serious religious convlcti6ns HeenteredClare Col- lege last October, having previously, we 'understand,- been.- reading with a,member o the Univer,sity. I iCoege as elsewhere, his outward demeanour was irreproacha6le. Ue paid his addresses to one of the ladies he had met in Hertfordshire, and prosecuted his suit with such succes that in December last he was united to her. This event did not take place without the father of the lady having made due inquiries as to Patman,s standin so ciety and means - and he was so convince4 from er presentations maie to him, that Patman was possessed ofa miodexate competency that he cheerfully pave his consenIt to the union. One of thes representationswa that an uncle had placed 4,000?. in the funds, the interest of which Wsu to be his and documents were aroduced in proof of this statement. These, it now tuns out, were fosed. Every thing went'on harmoniously til Friday, the 2th ult., f short weeks after his arrae, when illeence was re. ceived in this town that Patman, who was in tondon, transacting some business for his father-in-law, haa be irrated on a charge of forgery. The news was so astound. ing that at first it was not credited --but it unfortumately turned out to be tootre. We leave itto the imagination of our resders to pieture the state of distres which such in. telhigence produced in the family with which kehad become connected. There is apparently some myste in the case noadquate motivesforc nauct having been discovereqd O. U N.LVAL E ,DIUYs-F-Ron a retUrnWhieh is now rather out of date, but pbshed yesterday, it appeas that in the year endel the d-rt of alrch, 1855, the-total expenditure fofthe navy amounted to 15,017,591L, includ. ing 2,"8l t, for seamen's we ; 1765, , for victualB 146,041, for the office b Admiraty UoM -frthe Royial Naval Coast Volunteers-;57,21l, for the~ and 990120g, for the wges of AriEficers therein employed- a , r . ;., for the bUlding ag fore3isoner of w and 7O6 for he pakct-pernoe e! @ oshEct3 depeltj~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~o-nwvik m
THE FATAi COLLISION IN THE CHANNE?. F1rlOLEESONIS T3DAt EV5±a1. At 10 o'clockthiamorning fruEasst, the borough coroner, opeied an inquiry at the Guildhall touching the death of George Summers, aged 19, seamuan, x-iale passenger, and a boy (hamis no known) wthoperished'in the wreck of the Joscphine Willii The lad was apparently between sevenx and eightyears of age, and his rnghtleg had been amputated J'USt above the knee. Rester Clayton, chief officer of the Josephine Willis, was the firttwitness examined.-The ship was on a voyage from London to Auckland, Now Zealand. On Saturday morning last, about half-past 7 o'clock, she left the St. Katha. nine Docks, London, and was tow-ed down to Gravesend by a tugboat. On Sunday morning, about 7 o'clock, we left Gravesend, towed by the steamtug till we were near the east buoy off the Margate Sand. The tug then left us in the afternoon, and we sailed on through the Downs and ran down tho Channel withthe windaboutSE.or S.S.E. Our pilot landed at Deal about 5 o'clockon Sunday afternoon. At 6 p.m.we passed the Sout ForeLand, and at 10 intites to 8 p.m. tho ;Lolkestone Pier-head Light bore abotLt N. by W., distant about five miles. We hove the log at this timne and the ship was going about seven knots. 'At 8 p.m. a light was reported ahead I went fdrward and saw it, and then returned to thepoop. Iwatehedthe light then from the lee side of thepoop. Itwasa white light, and I soon after. wards saw the red light lower down, and shortly aftervards the green light, by which I knew the vessel ahead was a steer. 1 then thethe heal a-starbard; while stnding on the oop I kept her green light open. In about three minutes after I had put theghelm a-starboard the steamer struck as just before the main rigging on the starboard side. She camne bow upon us. bho wrasa scrte steamer. Just as the steamer was striing us, tho captain of the Josephine Willis camo on deck and took the command, and I obeyed his orders. We had courses, top52ils, topgallantsails, and flying jib set. After wre were stuck, wve ndvoured to hul the mainsail up, but our vessel filled sO fast that-we had not time to do it. When wre found the staer was nearing us, two or three men forwad, and I, from the poop, hailed her as loudly as we were able, but the steamer must have ported her helm oar I believe we should have gone clear of her. Soon alter having stmck us, the engines of the steamer were reversed, and she backed. There was a nice fresh breee. It was cler overhead, but rather barv on the water. We all did the best we could to get the boats down to endeavour to save the passengers. . We had four boats, The starboard was stove in lowering, but some persons were taken in her to the steamer. Tho lifeboat was capable of taldng 40 persons in her, but tlhere was no time to get them into her, as 10 minutes after being struck the vessel heeled over to the port side. By the Ccroner.-I think Mr. and Mr Ray were taken in the starboard boat. Most of the passengers had turned in. We had about 66passgers and a crew of 40. Coroner.-Did the steamer remain by the ship? Witneas.-She baeked astern out of the ship, and went astern about half a mile. After she had becn on her beam ends I got up into the rigging,i and a boat came and took me off. Twenty-five altogether were taken on board the steamer, chiefly the crew. I know those five passengers. One boat came from the steamer. The lifeboat conveyed some pas. sengers. Mfost of the ssenges were below; they com. pri6ed men, women, and children. John Sheen, a seaman on board the Josephine Willis, was next called. He said,-On Sunday evening, about 10 ininutes past 6, I went on the topgallant forecastle, on the look out. I had my orders from- tho boatswain. The ship was then to the westward of the ISouth Forelan but she had not got to Dover. The weather was fine,, and we were going at the rate of about six knots. We had braced our yards in. The wind was S.S.E. About 20 minutesora-quarterto 8, I first saw a light ahead, and could not make itout. I do not know what course she was steering, but I saw the Folkstone Pier-head Light. I should say we were six or seven miles of Cannotsay how itbore. When I frst saw the white lght it was right ahead. I reported it to the chief mate, who came forward. The second nate followed him in two or three minutes. I soon afterwards sAw the green light, and then the red light, and I knew it then to be a steamer. She was approaching us rapidly, and our helm wasput a-starboard. When herhenwas put a-starboardthe ship cameup in the wind, andher sails began to shako. There were about 12 of us on the forecastle, and we called out to the steamer as loudlp as we could. Wfe did not see any person on the bridge oi pi the forecastle of the steamer on the look-out. Coroner.-Do you think the steamer altered her course? Witness.-Yes, she put her helm a-port, the wrong way, and she came into us. It was that which brought her 3n contact with us. We were struck on the fore part of the muairn 'gging on the starboard side. C*oroner.-hat distance do you think you couldjsee a man on the look-out on such a mght ? Witness.-About three or four ships' length. It was starliht. After the steamboat came into the ship all hands who were on the forecastle went a£t to clear the starboard boat away. We put two female passengers, two male nassengers, and some. four or five boys into the bot, but she got stove in being lowered, and we removed the passengers into the port lifeboat. There were three of the ship's company in the boat, and she was rowed to the steamer, which was about a mile and a half to the eastward of the ship. Om uras tho first boat that reached the steamer. Our second mate, who was in the boat, said to the caPtain "Are you going to render any assistance to the ship.' TRe capatain replied, " Yes, I have got a boat alongside with two hands in her." The mate said, " Two hands are no use ; they could save no lives." The boat, however, went to the Ehip, and saved the chief mate, four or five passengers, the carpenter, and, I think, two of the ship's company. Me all asked the captain of the steamer if he was going back with the steamer, but he did not do so, and stiU allowed her to drift up with the tide. She was not steaming. I did not go on board the steamer. When1 Iasked the captain to go back, he said he mubtfirst lighten his vessel forward andpump theship. After we put passengers on board from Ithe lifeboat, I heard an order given for her to go ahead, which she did slowly. The steamer did not come back. We asked him to put back several times, and he seemed annoyed at us and used bad language. We were about an hour alongside the ship in the lifeboat, and when a lugger came up they told us to go back with them and save life ? Peter Patterson, boatswain on board the Mangerton steamer, was next examined, and gave similar evidence. Mr. Henry Grey Ray was next called.-I was a passenger on board the Josephine Wilis. On Sunday evenig I was on deck about 8 edock, when I heard a man report a li ht on the starboard bow. I sawthe light; it was a white light. I then saw a red light, and about a minute after a green light. Coroner.-Did you hear any order given on board the ship when the light was -seen? Witness.-Yes; I heard the order given to luff. I can't say decidedly who gave the order. There were two officers on deck. Iwas on the poop. When the light was reported ahead, I looked for the Josephine WiDis's light, and I could ethe rel}ection of it on thie bowsprit. Ileit the shipin one of the boats, with my wife, another woman, the doctor, the second mate, James Bmith, and twoor three others. Coroner.-How long before the collision took place did you hear any bailing from your ship?h Witness-About a minute and a-half. The vessels came in contact about four or five minutes after I first saw the steamer's light. The captain of the Josephine WDlis was admirably cool and collected in giving his orders, but the confusion was so great that they could not be attended to. He directed the mainsail to be hanled up, and the passengers to come up from below and go aft. Coroner. -Was the steamei long about the ship? Witness.-Perhaps about five minutes, or it might be a little longer. We were about half-an-hour getting to the steamer, and I asked the captain whether he considered his ship in a sinkdin state. He said that he must remove some of the cargo aft, and I went below to assist. The life. boat remained alongside some time. I should state that the boat in which I leftwas in a leaky, inkdng condition, and when about 200 yards from the steamer we hailed the life. boat, and w put the ladies into her and then got inourselves'and towed our boat after us. After I got on board the steamer, andwhile the lifeboat was alongside, I asked the boatswain of the Josephine Willis why he did not go back tothe wreck with the lifeboat and endeavour to save some of the pssengers. He replied that he was afraid of his boat being drawn down by the sinking of the ship - he also said that he thought the steamer was in a sinZing state, and that he onght to stay by to render ssistance to those on boaTd. I said, "11 f that is the case, there will be a rush," and asked him to pass his boat astern, and put a rope over the stern for the peopleto escapo by. 'At this stage of the proceedigs itwas proposedtoajourn the inquiry, In order to procure the evdence of other passengem *That was accordingly agreed upon, and the in vestgation was adjourned for a week. The bodies of three female passengers and a child have ,been picked up and talken into Walmer. - - TO THE EDlITO OF THE TDIEES. Sir,-Having just obtained a list of the passengers and crew of .the ship Josephine Willis brought m here by the steamshp Mangerton, I forward them to you for publication. I must add that a boat with U more men has landed at Dover. I am, Sir, yours most obediently, . A. BURSLAC. Iloyd's Ageney-office, Raingate, Feb. 4. 3Th,. BRASwSE y a dece datec Janay 2 AIfr. rassYTo emient engineer ks been ppo'inted A mht of, a loe ofgonof ar. Aince 1839 1z. Bras; hm,bsz teen c ciz vith thse constuetion of the prnneipi rench alwasP. We believe it we IL Ch&ales Iffitto Who called the attention of ihe MiEnister of Public Works to er.l BeeSeys merits- the Rouen, Havre, Dieppe and Boulogne Iines have all ee exected under the auspices of the lnn to which Mr. Brausr belongs * which, xnoreaver, it dwll .be emembered ooDpstrct the kja0a Bal y in the Ciaje, and at fixe present moment they are emRlo an Wmyof w*orlneU ithe easa n au touni,their udtakis in. - , Bwitrrlan, ~aoy~ Ialy n4 Cnada
HEH HEALTH OP LONDON IN 18. j- A(.t n 1' 3 r ; ' , 1855-Biths Maes .....43,352 Total 84,944 Females 41,592 T 1855-Desatls - -Fea 30,203 Total 0,500 1855-Population F (0,' (estimate fort1hej Males ... 181 middlc of the Females 1,3768 Total 2;565,579 If the populatiorn of London has inceaseds since the census of 1851 at tho samo rate at which it increased during tho ten years that preceded it, namiely 1197 per cent. annually, the number of inhabitants at the beginning of 1855 was about 2,540,000. This population 'was increased by 81,944 children born in the course of the year, and wa diminished by 61,506 persons removed by death. If the account were not disturbed by immigrants and emigrAnts, who are ever in motion, tho gain to tho population would be 23,438. The births eadeeded only by 260 those registered in:185t Tho increase is very smalL This is, perhapM- the effect of the high prices of food, am.lof war,which removes mar. ried men from their homes to occupy garnisons and encampt ments, to man the fleets, or as workmen to furnish the mighty equipments of sea and lnd. The deaths contrast favourably with those in 1854, for they wcre less by more than 12,000 than in that year of the cholera epidemic. But tho mortality of 1855, compared with that of somo years unvisited by any serious epidemic, was not low, the very cold weather of the Winter months (January, February, and March) having swelled the weeAly returns to unusual proportions. In somc weeks, at that time, the deaths exceedod, in others they fell not much short of 1,000; while in six weeks the mean, weekly tem. perature was below freezing point. In the seventh week of the year the mean temperature was oely 25 4°, and in the week following the deaths rose to 3,604. The mortality in 1855 was at the rate of 24 deaths tol,000 persons living. In the nine years 1847-55 the proportion varied from 21 to 30 in 1,000. But different parts of London enjoy or suffer from various degrees of salubrity or . insalubrity; a fact ihich is seen, though not to its full extent, by taling the five great divisions in which its 36 districts are classed. Last year the rate of mortality varied from 23 in 1,000 in the western and northern divisions, to 25 in 1,000 in the eastern division. It is worthy of notice that the eastern division is subject to a rather higher mortality than the southern (which lies south of the river), except in cholera years, when the epidemuic, taking advantage of a lower level, eauses the mortality to riso higher on the south side. The years 1850 and 1851, in rhich thoe mortality was nearly the sme in the two divisions, furnishthoonlyinstances withinthe nine years which can be adduced against the operation of this rule. The mortality of 18.55 attained its maaxihnuns in the fourth week of the year, when the deaths numbered 1,630; the lowest numbers were 915 (in the third week of July) and 870 (in tho second week of October). From 25° of mean temperature in a week of February to 04' in a week of July the range is 39°. At one of the thermal extremes 700 persons died in a week more than at the other. In a series of years the deaths in a district maybe doubled or trebled, or reduced to less than their former amount, while the rate of mortality remains unaffected. Populations are in constant movement. Hospitals, workhouses, and prisons are shut in one part, andopenedinanother. Streets and squares spring up in the suburbs, to be occupied by the former tenants of neighbourhoods that have been the dwell. ing-plaoes of generations. The annual average of deaths in Islington in tho four years 184649 was 1,661; in the last four years (1852-55), population having meanwhile rapidly increased, it was 2,490. In St. Martin-in-the-Fields the averages of the two periods- were 654 and 605, showing an absolute decrease. But the greater salubnty of Ish'ngton as compared with St. Martin is shown by their annual rates of mortality, which are 19 to 1,000 living in the former, and 24 in the latter. In 1855 phthisis destroyed 7,545 persons, nearly the eighth part of the whole number who died in London in the year. About the same number died from this disease in the first quarter as in the second, and about the same in the third as in the fourth; while the proportion of deaths in the first half of the year to those in the second half was as 21 to 16. Next in order of mortality was bronchitis, which carried off 5,512 persons, and was nearly as fatal in the first three months as it was in al the rest of the year. Pneumonia was fatal in 3,992 cases, and declined from 1,559 in winter to 492 in s-ummer. Both these diseases were very fatal; for, more than others, they grow or decay as the air is colder or warmer; and the mean temperature of the winter was nearly 60 below the average of 14 previous winters. The remainder of the year was also cold, with the exception of summer, which was rather warmer than usual. Of epidemics, scarlatina was the most fatal, and numbered 2,602 victimss hooping-cough, 2,415; typhus, 2,332; diarrinsa, 2,061; smallpox, 1,024; measdes. 864. VBiy.an;o deaths from scanlathUa were recorded in the sub-district of Kensington-town ; 48 in the sub-distric of Tottenhamr court-road; 56 in SoVers-town; 42 in Kentish-town; 125 in Islington; 106 in SVoolwich; 29 in Plumtead; and to many other parts the disease extended its ravages. 42 deaths from smallpox occurred in Woolwich; 157 in tho West sab-district of Islington, which contains the Smallpox Hospital. For every five persons, or rather more, who died in London, ono died in a workhouse, hospital, or other public institution. Of the 11,310 who thus closed their career not in their own homes, 6,552 died in workhouses, 456 in lunatic asylums, 71 in prisons, the rest in hospitals for the sick, the infirm, or forthe aged soldiers and sailors who havo served the State. In the Table of Oeeapations it is shown that of 15,395 men who died aged 40 years and upwards there were (to select a few cases) 575 shoemakers out of 26,639 of that trade who were living in 1851, at the cenSus; 456 tailors out of 20,257 living; 204 bakers out of 9,841 living; 460 car. penters and joiners out of 21,174; 158 butchers out of 7, 48; 254 licensed victuallers and beershop keepers out of 6,843; 109 (cabmen out of 2,59L As the persons engaged in various callings are distributed in different proportions through several periods of life, and as the rate of mortality depends on age, an analysis of the ages of tho living and dying must be made before deductions regarding the comparative salubrity of professions can be drawn with safety.. (From the Registrar-General's Weekly Retrn) 949 deaths were registered in London in the week that ended on Saturday, February 2. In the corresponding week of last year the mortality was 1,604. The difference is 655. The average corrected number of deaths, derived from the mean mortality for the 10 corresponding weeks in the preceding 10 years is 1,279; and this number compared with this week's return shows a decrease in the latter of 330 deaths. The state of the public health may, therefore, be considered as remarkably good. The mean air temperature for the twopreceding weekswas 381 and 44-5; for last week it dolined .to 33 5'; in the same week last year, when the weather was considerably colder, the mortality was nearly 70 per cent. more; the mean tomperature then descending as low as 29 3'. This return inoludes 476 deaths of males, and 473 of females, and gives a total number of 777 less thanthe births. 433 were children and young persons; 146 were of the age 20;40; 160 of the age 40 60; 175 of the age 60 80; and 27 at the age of 80 years and upwards. Deaths arising from zymotic diseases, of which smallpox, measles, scarlatina, hooping-cough, diarrhea, and fevers form the principal heads, nunibered 228. Typhus shows a tendency to increase, and was fatal to 69 persons. The registrar of the Isington west sub-district states:-"9 more deaths from typhus have been registered as occuring in the London Fever HospitaL" Fever is also stated to be prevalent in the WVitechapel workhouse, situate in the Me-end New Town sub-district. Bronchitis, which was fatal in the previous week in 312 cases, fell to 93. Pneu. monia declined from 69 to 56. Phthisis (or consumption) carried off 31 persons; of this number 111 were between the ages of 15 and 60. Apoplexy and paralysis are retumed in 33 case and diss of.the heart and blooa vesls in 38 cases. Two deaths are registered as having occmrred from cholera. A woman, aged 22 years, "cholera biliosa(24 hows)," and a girl, aged nine weeks, " cholera infantum.' Last week the births of 880 boys and 846 girls, in aul ,726 children, were registered in London. In the 10 correspond. -ng weeks of the years 1846-55 the' average nuaber was A triple birth (two girls and ouie boy) is recorded; the' mother is the wife of a journeyman baker, residing at 3, Nun-gate-cottages, reckham, . . . . . At the R.oyal Obervatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the baroineter in the week was 29-776in. Themeanair temperature for the week was 33 5', being less by n1o than in the weekpreceding, and less by 4' than the averag of the'same week in 3B yeas The air nO an average was colder than in the five previous weeks, the mean tempera. ture havi been below the average every day, excepting Sunday.- Te entire range of temprature was 18 4°. The mean dew-point texaperature was 4: or 41° less than the mean air temperature, The tempersture of the water in the river Thames fell from 44V to 361'. The elecial state of the atmosplherd was potive throughout the weesk. The air for thegreaterpArto f he weeks comprvely c with 1ight breezes from the south-weot. &noW, hail,an4 ceional showers ofrainfell on Monday, . ;DxuiY-W X.TasA!ru,lThe -artisa elnploye4 at this houso have presented Mr. T. Smthithe leseeI with a handsome silver tankard " as a slight testinal (se runs insc3ritof) the ,-: 3 resp and tffx og.
ELECTION INTEZIGENCE. TATTMITA The election for this borough renderecl necessary by iliui i 'Aintment of the Ilight Hon.' Renj 1abouchire o the C ft Olonial 4 SecretrY, Vwacnt 'by -tho d'eath of Sir William Molesworth, took plac yesa.iy. Spacious.- hustings h bee erected for the occasion in front of the market,house. ,Soon after 10 e'clock the right hon. can.didate, accompanied by his pO r,aseconder, and spportes, madBahliffs (Mes srs. n A ftord n wards followed by the 95WiOOJMfan we. Aloon saltr Aferthe;usualfprelim-inarie,' The seniorH GxsRArwy (Mr. Alordirequesteapatient hearing for anygentlemanwho mightaddresst'he electoDrs.; Mr. Vi M. Gn~ then came forward and nominated the Right Ron. H. IABouchere as a fit Andproper person to rfp c~tthe borough of Taunton inL the Commons House Parliament. (Cheem.) Mr. LIDInoy having weonded the nomination,'and no other c-andidate being proposed The HiGnisBAmiy declared the Eight Hon. Hlenry Labouchero duly elected. (Lou&chieers.*). Mfr. LAZOUCHXRr~ who was received w~ith 'irolonged. applause, then returned thanks ir, a brief speechb, in the course of whlich he referredl to the frx lifferent scenes he had wit. nessed in front of those husting and stated that this was the 12th time he had had the lhonour of being returned to represent the borough of Tiunton in Plarliament. He need not dilate upon the general riciples *hieh had actuated hi pblic conduct,%Pecause te eclectorsw werewlacqusisited with them, and, while ha had alwaysfound theruivery indulgent, it was satisfactory to him to kow that they were not an unobservant or an undiscriminating constituency. But there was one topic which uo engrossd the public mind that he felt it his duty to aLddress a few words to them-u-,pon the all-itaportant question of peace or war.' (Hear, hear.). At the time whea war was declared by this country he believed there never was a community liore desirous of presorving the blessing of peace than were the British pol.Te desired it becutise they were perfectysd ldwt h station their country occupied aogtentoso h world; they desired no aggrandieet ocnus-and they desired. it asho because they fetadblee 6tit was the duty of aChiistian people tomiti ec,except when the gravest causes required thmt rwtesword (Hear, hea. They felt that it was no ih hn to shed the bloodI of man, to involve getnatnsUheier andl insecurity of warfare; and he believedtaanGorment which could not 'ugtify what it ddi h face of Enghand and of the wor1l? in lunginig intowar, would have received not only no suMpo~rt, ~ut the meet condiga censure frora the people of Englad. (Hear, hear.) He therefore felt satisfied that if the people had supported the Governmient with a steadiness and an unaunniity of which he 'believed no formner period could show an example, it was because they were satisfied that before the Government resortedtotheextremityof vwrthey haddetemminedtopreservo pec,i tcould be preserved onhonourableand secure terms. The cuse of the quarrel was one in which justice was alto. gether on our side, and, therefore, as Christian mien we weeutfedinengain_ginwar,inthe hope that thebhiessmag of. Prvdence would attend our efforts. For the truth was, it was not that Russia mnenaced Tuarkey merely, hut that she was engaged in prosecuting a systematic attack upon tho liberties of all Europe, which, if it had not been met by a firm and determined resistance, would have po duced a state of things utterly inconsistnt with thefre dom of the habitable world. (Healr, hear.) It was this feeling which induced the people and the Government to believe that this country would be wanting in its duty to the postio which she heldl among the nations of the earth ifsehad not manfully stood forward and joined with our brave and gallant alles,.- the. people Of France (cheers), whom he for one was gla tose united with us in a cause so honourable. (Lo,ud cheers) It was this, ho said, which had induced us to take anat in the confict, suitable to our old renown anid totetion which England occupeied Now wewere engaged in negotiations for peace, and he for one heartily p rayed that those negotiations might be successful. Tor- long a war unnecessarily, he would not say for one year bu for one hour, was not only i6 national error, hut & national crime - and therefore he should rejoice if those negotiations shouh(d lead to peace, that was to say, to sncha peace, and only such a peace, as the British nation expected the Goverinment would agree to-a, pecesch as would aford the respect of its being durable because it was honourable. TLoud cheers. ) In conclusion the right hon. gentleman aanthaniked the electors for the kidndness they had show him on the present occasion. They had now returned him as one of the miembers for Taunton 12 times, andl, thlough it would be difficult for hb to uppse ha hesholdbe returned 12 times more, excet indeefhe should reach-t'he atgoe of Metliuselah, yet, fh mnight judge fromnthe manner i which he had been received en the present occasion,.he thought he milght feel c-onfident t'hat, as long as he continued to assrt thoise principles by which his public life had hitherto been guided, he need never be afraid or ashamed to show his face among them. (Long continued cheers). On the maotion of 'the niewly re-elected member, a vote of thanks and three cheers were awarded to the -high bailiffs; three cheers were also given for the Quen; n h proeedings tcr,minated. en n h NEWCASThE. l'~'EWCATLE-ON.TNE, Fxa.5. borogh f Neeasle-uon-yne ookplace this 3norning' Aft-er the usual forms, M1r. Alderman HODOSON proposedl Mir. George Ridley as a fit and proper candidate to represent the borough. Mr. Is&z,c LoTr&w_ BExr.., of the firm of Messrs Lash, Wilson, and Bell, seconded the maotion Mlr. WATsox p reposed M1r. Rlichard Hart. Ho referred to the.claims of Ilr. Ridley,' whom. he described as representing thei wealth and aristocracy of the district, and not the great majority of the people. What were .1r. Rlidley's politicalprinc I g plbs?r 4VMywS going to support Lord P'almerston. What was Lor Palmierston1? Atraitor!1 (Loud. disapprobation mingled with appas.LodPl mron hadaculesced in the partition and downfallof Poland. Ileha sold Hunar. He had been a traiitor to Turkey, and had contribute towards the sacrifice of Ears by withholding the means by which that fortres might have been defended. He reconimended M1r. Hart as a friend to the working-classes, and a gentlemani who woudld opoethe defalYcations andi error-s of the Ministry, without faofcensure or apprehension of being passed over in the dispensation of place.I Mr. THOzeA. secondied the nomination. No ether candidate having been proposed, M1r. G. Rn)DrEY proceededl to address the electors. He oh. smerve that from the favourable mnanner in which his name had been received on its announcement by his friends Mfr. Hodgson and Mr. Bell, he was satisfied that the principles he had avowed in his short published addresswerein accord.. ance with those of a large manjority of that mneeting. He expessd rgreat he ircmstnce whch had led to the renuaton f M. Backtt,andwhch had cut short a were extremel.y important. They hadbenned wa mighit be ternied a Europa war, and wr btt ne upon the consideration of coonditioims whcmitledoa lasting and satisfactory peace. Withthreunopac the attentionof the country would natualbcmdrce to the improvement of its internal condtoadpiicre form. With respect to the extensionof thefrnhe,taws a subject which would no doubt enaeteatnioofPr biament, when relieved from the responsibilities and anxieties of the war. His ophinin was favourable to an extension of the sufflage commensurate -with t'he spread of edlucation and intelligence among the community, and especially among the working classes;1 and any mleasure based upon that pArinciple would receve his hearty support. ( heems) Terewere,however, ether subjectsof not less importance to which the attention of the Lgsltr would be directed, and .thesc related to the remodelling of our statute law andlthe improvemient of our law proceedings. In these matt-ers he should take a deep intere6t. There was also the question of administrative reformi, which was at the present time attracting considera'ble notice. There could be no .doubt that the principle of administrative reform -was a sound and just one. On the subject of the war he avowed his - opinion that it was a just and proper one. It was just to undertake the defence of the " sick old man" when his existence was menaced by Russia; it was just to restrain the encroachments of that colossal Power, whichthreatened the interests of the States of Europa ; and now that we were in respect of peace he had no doubt the conditions of it wol 2esch as vould be satisfactory to the country. Mrx. HAR~T then addressed the electors. Hfe adverted to the several points noticed by ]Tr. Ridley, and described the views of that gentleman upon education as crude and unsatisfactory. With respect to the franchise, he advocated an extension of it commaensurte with the populaton, and likewise the introduction of the ballot. He then proceedled to review the conduct of the Ministry with respect to the war. Hfdcondemned the manner in which the war had been commenced and conducted throughout, and still. more so the termsz upon which it was nowproposedl to negotiate peace. IThe sheriff nowtook a show of hands. A large number was held up for Mfr. idley but a mucih greter number, especialy inithe body of te hall, for Mr.Hat After a short deay the election was declared to be in favour of Mr. Bidley, and thus the proceedings terminated.
I STH EMvPI OF WH TUB KS.I TO TEi EDITOB OF THE TIEES. Sir,-Ia turning over tho pages o! an old book a Ehort tie since I fell upon the following passage, vhich I thought sufliciently interestingto transcribe and ransmit to you. It is taken from Quavesmius, who wrote a work entitled Mmucidtto Tcine Sanuct. The pAge6 will be found At p. 165, tom. 1, of tho edition of 1639 - "Circa id, quod priori loco propositum est; possumns huius scriptoris (viz., randciscus Navarre, A.D. 1614) sententiam ad qnque articulos reducere. - Pims sit-Mahometica sect'cum suis sectatonbus, et singariter Turciomn imperium in spiritualibus et t"P- ibus, finem habebit intra spatiumn annormu 251 tot ennu duxtnat illi snpersunt.. "Quando vero hoo scribebat Doctor Xvravrrs, vertebatur annus nostre salutis 1604; qnsre, secundum istam, anno 1855ivl circiter ioaod tam 9iritusla tuamtempordia obeudnmdo rito m fabometic1 sectl et imperio L'rcico auctor me considerat) cc,abit et finem habenbit pcrditaist. Euerstitio. . cls lioenitus de. aticta et abolita erunt annoDomini 1854 vel 156." Ia; your. &c.. -N VZSTIGATOP4 . I TgB I &-ZMEFnrooi, Feb.Z D-The 'Unied St&zats ill sEk=ffip Atkuztic ssaTh elieefor New York to.morrow (weanes) -when letters and ~nr ilb 2meceved t th6 - po=st.ormc ~p to 8 a.n, witb-aw Ito. at 9 aa~~ aW~ Ia~tag.st .. a. -
THE WILLz FORERY AN'D POISoZNIG ArZ HAOHESTEP. testerdy morning, at the City Courthouse, Iancheter; mhiM MeNnzgith e and-EdmtuLd I)m, *11had been remanded till next-'hursday on a charge of ad ministerin poison to the latc John Monaghan in- Augws lut, were brought upunder a writ of hacae corput, grantee by, Mr. Jusice Erle on Saturday, chargedwith forgsng a wMll of the saidJohn Monaghan thrc reeks subgequent to his death; Terenee MLougl, who had been reazided on Wednedy lttotbis day for aidingin-the forey, and tames Keefe, clarged with conmmitting pejury efore the Surrogate in connexionwith the same case, wee also plaoe at the bar with the three firstnamed rpsonersm 3s. BradlMugh, from the office ofe r. Thos t oger ' solicitor, Fenchurcsstoenh-t thndon, conducted the ne.e cution- and Mr. Fernley, baritr, and J,Fr; Bent, solid dctor, cdefended ste prisonersw The folowinte is D copyof tLhe wiy aegea to boR forgery:n.d "I, John Monagliar,do herebyb equeth tov-ameslMo; nagan, m.y son, of 31inslll.sreet5 the sum of three hwie dred poimds sterling, due en the policy No. 150, atmy ae;~ cease from the Diadem Isrnce Company, and to py al7 debts gan demands after my death. " I certif this to be my own will sma deed, given unaen my hand this 3a day of August, 1855, in presence of tho undersigned witnesses. - " JOa MOrAGRAN, his + mark. ' Witness, T.xiscE 3IouGmai. WVitness, JAms Ktn." Evidence was then adduced to show that jameos fonPA and Keefe ha taken the usual steps to prove the fi On the appEcation of fr. Bradulag the w* was as evidence aauinst the prisoners. The affidavit was saso read. The aidavit statd that Keefe appeared in the cot a' Chester and made oath that be was present on the said&3 dy of Augus, 1855, when the said John Monaghan exe. outd the wHil ana when it was- ed b hiinselladi WLUg,I;n.- It was sworn to on the 17th of September sn4 probate was issued on the 20th. MIichael O'Neill swon.-I live at 23, Hope-street, andaa a bricklayer. I1 know James 3fonagh&n, by sen himi seeral times, and Terenoe M'LoUn and Jasesef aving seen them at the house of King, son-in-law of th late J-h onaghan. [The original wil (umarked B) wa here put in e h of the witness with penc interlineations answering to the text of the forged wldLj Tho paper B produced (or will) is in my witin from the top to the signature, "John Monagban.".7 wrote that pyer in a roomn at Frncis King's house, Francis King an James Rfonaan boing present. Wben I had nearly finished Terence Lghlin came in. This was after the funeraL I wrots the paper from one which 3fonAghan read in dictation to me. When we camen to the end James Monaghan uaid that John Monaghan did nofs sign some otherpaper. It was a mark he put on it because he could not write. James MonaghAn wanted me-to put a cross on thpaper, andI throw down the pen on a chair and sid I vould do no such thing. Monag*an then kn)elt down on the floor and took the pen, but could not tell what he did on the paper. That paper is th will no vr duced. He then gave the paper to Teree liLo,g0lili who wrote his own name and that of James Keefe, who wsa not present. James lfonaghan then took the paper, but i do not know what he did with it. F=ancis King having been sworn, his evidence given on a fonmer occasion was read to him. In this evidence he Md produced the original paper from which the lat witness copedthe wiLl M = L swon-lam wife of the last witness, anEy James Monaghan is my brother. I know the prisoner Dunn by sight. I think1 have seen the per (the origina will)before. Isawit before myfather ded. Iremember this paper being brought into my father's bedroom before he died, and I rememnber James Keefe reading it to my father. He signed it with a cross. There was some one besides Kcefe there, but cannot say whether James. Monaghan was there. I cannot say that I ever saw it aftermy father died. It was kept in a box, but I cannot saywho put it there. The following is a copy of the paper, or origial will, the words printed in italics being words ritten in in in the' body of the paper, but sulbsequently erased in pencil amil those printed within brackets Lj2 being peuciinterlieat tions or substitutions for words mn the orgnald struck ouwi; in pencil:- "Au,gus 3, 1855. "I John Mfonaghan, do hereby beqneath to Eiis, mudang7der, noilic wife of Frenscis King, number [James Mo han, my son,j eleven, Hope-street, Chorlton-upon[oniMedleek, the sum of ten pounds sixteen shillings ster. lig, the sum due on a policyof the Wdlligton erersionoarJ Annui4y an1d Life Assurazcc 5&cir4 [Diadem Life Assm rance Company, 156, to pay my debts and all claims after my decease. Given under ny hand this third day of August, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, in presencoof the ndernamed witnes I do hereby certify that this 1' Jona MoNAanAi-i%, his x mark. " Witness :-.xs 3IO.AGHIAy,- "JAES Kxe '" Twoss CoaNxon." On the 9ysheet was written, " JsOHNeMo0aN- his x marc "JAXSM MONAGHAN, heir to the estate. Mfr. BRADLAUGH now applied for the committal of al the prisoners, except Barry, against whom he admitted therowas not sufficient evidence. James Monaghan, Dunn, MLoughlin, and Keefe wero, accordiingly committed for trial on the charge of forgery at the next assizes.
SALES BY AUCTION. ToDfraper3, Hosess. Umbrela. ar,d rapier Mach6 Dealers. BRlNadSO ilSL by AUOTION, at &c. And at quarter to 4.6lots papier mach6O trays, table3, &c. On viewtbrsday. ToBuilders, Pecorators and others.-1.200 Pieces of Paperhangings, to bo Sold to overanadvance of money. 1IjR. FREDK. PRIEST is instrueted to SELL by 1V. AUCTION, at his rspacious Iteoms, Upper St. Mafrtin 's-lane. T'omerrose, Febrruary 7. at 12 ori (under abill of sale), 1,200 pieces of excellent PAPE-RIhANGINGS, comnprising elegant drawing roomn plush and gold p.apers satin dtitto, dinig and parloulr ditto, s,taircase and bed room ditto, all in great varcty. On view. Insects and Bird Skins. /R. J.C. STEVENS wvill SELL by AUCTION, at this P>reRoom 5, . King-street Covent-galen, on ToeswoD. February 12. at I precisely, the CoLLECTIONof BRITISh INSECTS of theHlaiDWin. ig. REq., F.L.S., inineacondition, Colcoptere and Lepidoptra fr"o Borneo osome of v-hich arc news). in;vet cabinet, bird skinstrom Australia. and a few binds' eggs. lay be viewed On the day pnor andmoinmgof sale, andcatalogues had. Sale This Day, by order o the Sherif. MR. GE. LEWIS will SELL by AUCTION, on vithPremises, At, St. Johr'3-woed-terrac4 St. John's owood. THIS DaY b ewap esdayi . at 12 preeidoly. the whole of the excelent HOUSEHOLD FrU NITJRE, &o. Catalo2uesmay behadof r . ia . Peaso,O eEes eto.ICC, soiitronastre- istdings of 2Mr.O PltoIks, hlerstormoie l13,G°reaBenwllcalleye. ofthe dayuctioneer, , Coleianstreet, city: atnd on the Prmises. A large qu,antity of good old soied nahogany Furniture, too Cnt-glas Chandeliers of Queen Anne's time, and other speculative loin HSENRY FOSTER a ill SELL by AbUCTION, . I a the his Grover410. Goreastr ear SoSulkret To-morroe w edayl. the 7th, at 12,12 CHIESTS of DRAWEell, six sideboards, secretary, b nookcFse,bureaus,cherfonierfsets,of chairs, lJo. card, and dining tables, 12 superior chairs in morocco, a l rge quantity of horsehair mattresses, goose feather beds and bedding, carpets, and oIlier contents of a large house. NTow on view. No. I43, AIdenrgatestrebt.-To the Boot, Shoe, Lasther and Stay Toade, Salesmen, and Shippers. RX1I. SAIUEL JOHNSON will SELL bv AUtCRINi TIONs, at bin Rooms, 1i3, AldesDateYstreetj ayFeS DAY, February 6, at 12, 12,000 pa-.r of handm , Ladies' i and Chldren's BaoOTSandySHoES, mandtoAmneansOvearshol-fes,t.00tabro lasts, abouT6 lots of Xleather annd shboe flmnercuery,r ah sole-cutting press, twvo iron safes also the residue of the stock and muplemeBus in trade oi 20o. Siaistir, stay manutactdrera of 66, Che.apside. ay beOviewed the day before and morning of sale. Clearance Sale of Brickhs_-To Builders and others. iR. ERWOODN WHITE will SELL by AUICTIONh, iTwithcut reserve, at {ho BrckOdds, late in the occupation of heo. Fra si, a bankrupt, situate on the west side of the Archwiay-road, High- sXo, To-mrrnow Arms Feruaryw. atINort2pntal,hh eann PORTIO;Nof th'e exeleneut rBRICK;S. 2coPnsistng oU f 2580,00strks, grizzles, and place, which must be cleared awiay within a month, an theo holdefs'aermolpossession veilicease. View day before and morning of sale, wihen catalogues may be bad on the premidses, and at the auctioneer's, 170. Bishop36ate-street without. Peremptorily Sale.-To Contra5tors, Town Carmen. CarHrirs, Brewers Hossedealees., and others. ID,ESSRS. BFARTO and SON wilF SELL by An7JC- byTION. at the Grove, Great Sffolk-Ctreet. near Gravel-lane Sonthvarl, TeIS DAY, February 1, at 12, the well-seao0ned STOCK of aCsontrator,tcomprisng TH5IRTY-OnE strong CARTlHORSES, three ponies, 30 sets of Harness, 1 broad and narror wnheel carts, fiv vater cartS, three coal ragoonds a ponytchadse, and other effects. The shole ingood workig consitinem M vay be viewed onedayprior to the sale, and catalogues had on the premises; and at the auatianeeds' otfces. 7, Cheltenha n-place, Wespninster-read. To Furiture and FixtUrd Dealer3, Perfumersd ad.-By JOrN XOBE- PlAIN' and SON, at their Rooms. 5. Little Britain, Alderegate-streec, itY. on Friday, Feb. 8. at 12. by orderof the Trastees 1roT onAT Household Furniture, shop and comutine- J2 house fixtures, cabinet ueanofoHd (removed from love-lane. ct and Greenwich): among which there are bedsteads, heds, and bedding, chest Of draeers, wdardrobes set of good chais sofaS couches, dining and lt o tables couters, tea bins mils,d canisters, pa m ae, bandoline, purses, fancy boxes. indiea' companions, hosery and cloves, wita many mis.cellaneoul artices Onviewthedaypreviousandmoningof sale, Catalogues ay be had at the rooms. Modem curasbantued.Pianoforte.60e vaolum wesdofhadoelyr boun Books, 27 dofm of Elder.and Currant Wino andCidera Ion Garden R.oler. aee; removed from Tilbury's Warehouse, and Neo. 7, Woo d fel d-road, Weo tbon en. ]fR. TAPLIN wills SELL by AUCTION, at the A T Rooms 3, Paddsngbon-green, THIS DAY t Wednesday) Feb. 6 a.thlfr1 ihu esre h adoe FURNITURE,ofinurSpanisom mafogarn cpomprsega sdet ofn madn,ivochairs,a l6-feet5table baeadlded furs company), glove and isokcases, taPestry and Brussels carpets, 20 oI paintings, stbffed birds, saddle and bridles harrow, d On viev al usuaL, Catahogues aitte offlce, Stanlcy-place, Paddington-een. Su tey.-Frechold Villas shout half an hour's ride (by ral) from X[R ORP1FOOD ILundon. Cr . OFWOOD ~wRi SELL by AUCTION,a the day Febart, on Tuesday. February 19. at 2 in six lots, hb order of the Mortgagee, SIX genteel se-rr detached. V- ILo erESIDENCES, with laorggadn,mtefvuie and crilasaba,gs%proverbiallythealtfunitown of pr Elsom. aoacent toh stationm ; inve-lePt (oneonease) at 42 each, an immediate posse;sson can be had of thetheher. PriLted particulars aob tainable at the Railway Hotel and principal inns at Epsom; aa's in London, of Pessrl G. astdJ, Cliia, soldictors. 28, Fnasbury-place: MZr. Opwvoed, land .agent, Artillery-place, Finshury-squaro; and at Trhe Clarendon Arns, o-thb-row. orth Audey-street, just out of Oxfor.-street. adcI'ESSRS. FIELD and FAITHFUL ave instructedf IVI. by Mr. Owren, the Proprietor, to SELL by AUCTION, atSfarraw Lay's, O Tuesday, Nebruay 19. at 12. a AISEG for S years wiL - T A- ' X,ion, at the moderate rent of rdgurineas Per annum, ofthe above c4mpact PUBLIC-HlOUSE, The promises ba-ce been substantiaUye rebuilt withna the lastl years,ace verconvenrienty arranged, and ore placedina neighbeurhoodsurrouadod by mzanufatetries,from whirls source alone a profitable business in derived. ftay be viewed, when particulars may be bad on the prenises; also at Garaway's; and of the auctioneers, corner of Osnaburgh-place, Nhewa-road. Pianofcrtes by Broadrwood, Collard and Collard, Wormelm, raitd- manfacurr, any bdn& rmman, ecopnydo. oite n pir. SCOTCHRe waill SrenLL May AUCTION, at the and1 Rooms, 21, Old, Bond-seet, Picadilly. on e ed,ceday. Feb. 13. at i for 2, upwards of 40Dnew and second-hand PiANOFORTES. bh cBroadwrood, Colards, andother eoineftmaker, intecdingan elegant 16- oavrobslwu oom grd byBras e andwood aindt!abshpendidtdouble-action musical instruments, being the stock-ot a muslesdlier, removed for con venJence of sale. MRay be viewL d te day prior and morniug of sale Catalogueshad at the rooms, and of the auctioneers, 70, 3fortimerstroet, eaavendish-square. Brompton.- The Lease of the desiable residene, and the s aousehold Furniture and Effects. iIjr. GEO. GOULDSMIITHL will SELL by AUC- .iy.LTION, on the Premises, on Tuesday, Feb.l2, at 3 precisely (if noteprevionslt sld by private contract), ethesLAS ofvthe des irable RESIDENCE with garden in the rear, situate 7, Brmptom-rowu, near to Knightsbridge, and in a rapidlyimproving business locality. The premises are held for an une. iced term of eight years, at the lovv rent of $040. Also the household furniture of the several bed and sitting rooms of the usual description, and .numerous effects. The house mzay be viewsedby cards only, tobje obtained at the aucetionce'erofflces, 3, Pont-street, Belgrave-square, where the lease can be seen and further particular5 obtained. The furniture can be viewved the day previous tO and morning of sale. Arcsvher-e'reet esthourne-grove, lteasnon-parlu-)'urniture turet, and Effects of a Grocer and Tcadesler: . art, five-pnUl Beer Engine,Pipes, dc. under execution for root, Also.,renoved fromn Clarenden-road a Drawing and Dningroom Peropry.ne \JjESSRS. WELLSFO12LI and Co. will SELL by J,IY.vA ACPItOP as above, TIS DAY, the 6th inst2nt. at 12 for L, the ElURNITUHI of four bed roomms,parlnulrandsittingeorms, foutr-post and French bedsteads bedding, drawers, carpets, &o. * the Ottings, counters, mtills, canisters, soap and other scales, do., all new;12cars, easy ch.aIs, do., in rwsewood, also mahogany chairs in leather, sideboard, do On view Tuesday andrnoming of sale; eata logues on the premis5es' anrsd of the auctioneer, 25, Queen's-road, B uys. Shop to be Lot, ata3 lowr rent. u Finmliro.-Fittings.up, Furnitum.F andjStock of the Pins Apple Public- MsIr. C. FUBER will SEILLby AUCTION, on ±V te ins Wilamsret Chrotesret. Pilico.j onEFriFsistng of capital bar fittings, five-motion beer engine, bor cabinets, stoemand cordial casks, bar, glass, pewter, do.;* the furnitur of parlouse coffee and club rooms, clumacy-glasscs, paintings, prints, twvo begatelle beards, bookcase, iron safe, the vaal chamber requisites and kitchen utensils, fith the whole of the house fLxteres and the stool-, emistinlg of porter, ale, stout, spirits cordials do. Mfay -be viewed, lanad cuaetalognues bgad sOtn 4the premises, and at the auctionoffices, in and commn&ian Povinsts, No. 22, I.udgate-street, adapted for tOPES) ON,and HARDING will SELL byr R PoPlalic, au wrthconvect of the Mtortgagee,, en Thurrsday, Februaryl14 at 1Ipnmctually. the LEASE of these exceelent IJBUINBSf PREMhIISES, being NSo. 2% Lssdgate-atrcet, upon which a large s um has within a short period been expended. They cotain several bed chamnber, wolarewrlro°n°.two-c(how roo (s ndsoelyfdecomated)i manufiscturer, fancy business, or Insurance company, held for the uuexpired term of L8 years at a low rent. May be viewed, till the sale;and particulars had on the premises; of 1V. Btol4 ERa. official assognvee 3, Colemana-etrset-bclldings;* of ressrs. Mardon and Prichard Chrit. chvrh-chambcss,~ Newgate-strcet, ana of the aucticeseers, 16, St. Absolute Sale.-First-clas Wirne and Spirit Establishmnent, Portesan- B.J.J. ORGILLj is directed by thle Executrix of te late Mr. XMarly to offer to unrestricted COPIPETITIOPl, al Garrawrp's, on Meouday, February 18, at 12 for 1. the L.EA-S aali C-CODWILLg in TRA)E of an exceedingly valuable WINE and SF1Rth AUTS, knownu as the PontefractCas3tle, most elgi4blyrituato in te p,rcferable part of Edwards-street, Portmana-sqearo. The Dremi Cl are of an unusually bold and-attractive character, are subs antisli bunslues3aippliances; the sitRuatrieoneftor tirtade ois endcibveniablgoad bsviag the entire control of an immuense back neitghbouho and abuelt s'old of opposition in the front thoroughfare; heldl by.cease for a term appsvachglog8yea, atibenominal rentof2:65peranu(n, Can b vieved by carets seven days prier to sale. and Printed partisculars thsen aud there obtained; also at the Turk' a Head Inn, Old Kent-road; Salmn an Bal, Beemthnalv-e ad at the auctiee-outtC' eSc,, 01 No. q t desTiwrabeyi stuate, being comnmandi3g, - eferabie Dart of Pic 'dillr, facing h rer-ak ~ FAREBROTHER,CLARK, and LYE Weda~a-~ Intrutedby. the Propreo oSELL, xtGarrawWys, onk thIL F~k~ 13, at 12Xhe TEASEj~wIth pogssessoa) of Y RESIliENCE No Piccadilly. spua A aCOnideabl gme oC money hais lately been Judiciousl, er~e-~ed rederngthe cause replete with elegance, coDmfort, and nnuene,sai sisedfo( the immediate occepatlen of a gentlemans fsruy. heresd(ence !a of handsmie modern elevationi, withporico ntrnceandontaitat numerous principal andt secondary but hamers.dreog ooms, and bath roomas, elegant recirption rooms Ilisd n whieand gold, anti room leading top a conservatary noble And lofty dining room, br-eakfast andmongoo, librry,billardroea, wth ecelent ometicofrices3 on the basemen;hedbylese or tem f 6 yersfrom Midsummer, 1814, alapgoinret. Ma besvidewoedb ltikt on lye , which,pe ait prtir las,my e a o MsrB.FrBROTHER, CLARk,adKy, LanraLYEr plae, trad:pariubr atso pofrGetorg Smth, Es byiitr SoUCTh-N asnpon-uulng, C an -ane sad at Garraway's, t ohe L -hE o Harle ~ ~ ~ Ev N.8. fly-street Cvnlhsnr.Alaehl eae ossigo eav capial ~malyResience letarongla, atndE premrannum th rea. he esdece n ubtanialybuilt and has exteusive accommodatin; sle oeasfor, 14, or 21 ears at the rent of £21 p.r annu; i hed udertheDuke of Portuand. for an unexpired term of 40ycss.aagrondret. My be viewedbycard., t%.hhodon`ppliaten o esss.Fsrbrtlar,Clark, and Lye. 6, Lancaster-place, Strad, f whm aso articoasnyb a;of Messrs. Bturgoynes Clar, ad Mies,soliItos. 10. ~fersirct:and at Garrawav's. Dnchess-strcet, Plortland-place.-Long Leasehould Estates for Invest- 3ent. IIFSSRS. FAREBROTHER, CDLARK, and LYE L .are instructed by the roprieter to SELL byAUCTbON, at GarrawaV's on Wednesday, ecb. 13, at.12, theo long LEASE of a FAMILY RES DENCI; 11, Duchess-street, Portland-place. rerently and surbstaniti[ally erected. Omamentally fftucesed. front, and 'with the extralleor of bedroms, let on lease to a most respectable tenant, at £170 per annum, and Is held under the Duke of Portland for a lon'g term of yarsa a ground rent. May be viewed, by cords, to be had of Messrs. arebrother, Clark, and Lye, 6, Lanrastcr'pLAce Strind. Of whom also particulars umay he had; andot Messrs liurgoyies, Clark, sand Mic,siitr,160, Oxford-street; and at G arraway'sz Wlmpele-street, Cavendi aur.LscodEstates for Investment, cosstn f two caia aiy eiecs one with possessiom 1IrSSRS. FARB OT E,CLARK, seucd LYE itare instructed b the Proprietors to SELL by AUCTION, at Ga:rraway's, on Wdcd,Fbur 13. at 12, in two lots,, TKWO prvate RESIECS,big o.I and 26i 'Wlmpolestreet,. avendlsh-squo ofsiomadhandsome elevalious, recently mnodernised and putiosbtail and derostive repair, eac haingcoah-huse an stblig i th rar. No. 18 is let oni leae fr 2 yars atth yerlyret o £20.Immediate possession calanbleho lo.g LesTheol ov Esares held une iteDueOPrlansud- cardsitosetotaied o dai.Frbobr lr,adLe .Ln Mesday se. Bar13e, lart n iae,slctos 6,Ofr-te and t Griraway a.ta Portland- sree, Prtlad-pace frontsaronstrued by th rpitroSL, tarwysnWd neasda, feb.714, at 212,i tharee repctbeata, (ulsrvasy at tsedorbent especntvelyt valuable65 andHLI peSTaTESn, cosit inareoatheosesneior andsbestadnofRo.17bnd thefuidtures,if adeIed5Te Mare held-tet under the Duke of Portland for long terms of years at ground rents, The property may be viewed by cards, to be had of Messrs. Farebrother, Clar , and Lye. 6 lancaster-place, Strand, of whom also particulars may be bad, of l4essrs. Burgoynes, Clark, and Mines, solicitom, l6p, Oxford-street: and at GarrawWa.'. To Draprs. Clothiers, Shipp;ers n Daes hr L. THOIVAS- HEMMiIING wvi1 SELL by AUC,IYLTION, at bis Rtooms, 54 Farringdou-etreet, on Friday next, the STOCK of a COIJETRY DRAPER and CLOTHTIER On view the day prier, and catalogues had. TO Leghorn, Tuscan, and Strawv RntMkr,plait Daes n PU . LEREW wal istreLL by rAU TaOe onAtE, T b ACIO, n h Premises, in EdwardUnio-street,Rentspr,oTuda,Fbnay lot, abot 12,OD fe f2AOAY,500 drySPRCEPLAKS deals, andcatls,2 batten IOag squares ylow pinepae tloimbe, 8Wfleetlad of sanbtliplnk,dr qu~artrngu Dtuing,la(esbro, &c. May be viewed thoaneor h ae when ~ ~ ong fsle u cataloguesmasb had on the preies n o r Lrw Cerdnotn-sreet Ha onscedre ardin. ns t apta-6 rR.LERE. isistutd.o epr rSL iI. byLLAUCTION,o ath PrMises,o adn 2,UTo-sret of_ los cabeuta N,00ONe NfMAoGAN, 1.5l00d- lank,dsen ~Saurdy piorandmoru f sle,andcatlog esrbad anth aremises; and of the ~~~~auctioneer.Crigo-tec asedrond1, Lt Entlad-gae. R d Invk.estmlent, Residenc, lePa alow rnt hjlR.W. H HIiWITThas received instrctionjsn to L1J..SIA,byACTION,at the Mart, on Tuesday, February 26, at seidngeleantdrain rooms,tinng tio,aptly bulibHOryEFnumvits bed chambers, and the,u ana doesi ofices,atge-theerwth frouvr-stl stable and doubleucarriage-hous e. The premissaeltolasest P. H Aulia. aq..at t envryls reontiof£22 perI8 e annum.Thepro petiedferaong therm f eta mnstlow t ground rent. ariclrs at 'It.W. H. HE WITT has received instruictions to LISELby AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuedsdy, Februr 26, at12 sh ops iuatr n beikbinglte. TEXand ,\ ,ean tagh i Jh-street , rsrnr arelet to exelenttnns at rents amounting to £23178 per anumu. and tea-eoras,r of which uparsof5 years vere snexpised. atCheropetymay as beo viuesed by phermissionrdg-ra of the teat,rnartiulas wit condi-r tinsofum. aahaldfrattheMrt; of Messrs66 Yleavm and Dunnxing,: brlick-burlt 25,ust in-feria-sre;anotM. 3aiH.sHeadtta, ltautione er, nto;sallo acapitalHouzesiabnd Lreaisehol invNewanstments, sitenthesa Old gent-erear, Waterloobrde-trentad,ountspetoead-eroaandumNew- '5iJrRmWum. HEWtITTla wiu rcenivedn instr.ctionsha ato She L by AUCTIONely,Es,a slctherMrt, LlonhFriday,fieb.20 atn12 othiefourtiota er0IL baric-bui~e ltoENmENS,ursituate i oa-tet 'Old Kent-road,bletIatrent amountfingt £21 .pranm n helSfRSatrmo whVIcS yars wereHNexpirEd atCreisetma elst Two doues, in ItherpWaterlo-ride-r of the val o xeue f £10 pErL annpum,i AndChdIOrNa ther GOfD wichit 60yhear aroecunsexprd au brick-erbuil Rmouse i Gheorge-street Ham patea-roade, let athi or0s per annum helds fornatr of 61 years of rombakU vielves,s leastut round merent;also yacpisandHus anPremie invieexdt Nwantfreet,2f wth sin-r bmnt in Theg rear,elet ondaedatress moes'(untnto pran num,b anwd held orderanlyunexi ther da1 ofnrcalFrscatalthesmapllygroun rNento Gatper annum.oPart,oiculars, wit condi-ution Thof sale,nmayreeha ato ThGBewMart;o Es.Bree, Esqto,3, soliciotlaer. a2, Lncat'ialogueds, andh oertove,of the auctionee.IeHrt-sree, BleMabry-squae,t. Cla andothe.uners.n h1FESSRS. DAVIS and JOHNSTON aevir Ected bypbli AUCTION, atheGOdSerin disputue,i the abovle aureetand Mark-lane ciy,en. Frd erur2 , at 3o qun ity thf valubeHOSHL meTLNTre.Ur 53wardbos,eadar inrsvoiced exsdtyatefro and tompf.sper fry rde ony) n te dy o sae. or ataogus aplytoe wesrs. HaiTty, andHoad,e so'Vlucitrs,e. Anehl-crrtme, Throgmrtn-streWes;o P.G Beer, Esaea, solcitoor, .Poom,ithlanettaand.cataoges,nit orErsAoKvEw anf th Nhae aeevc ntuctionees,6.ak-an,ciy Clcnsq earnce o h e Shaple. be.mde neanruply cnpe. oSL AUCTIO . at Candlerg's We( Inarehouse, 8, iiTaersire, onb t 2dn, Fnoeb12 aot, 1 fou2, qantityl ofil vHaluble HOUSEO1LD ROO'Iff,UIE wiharehousoed undeforseveralCestates,andcomprising raaoIota of exeltuate oficuttingso h rand fuadingrt, aocopbing tress,uan a qantty f gocey, onectoney, rug. ik,and faivewtos.oahe hens; ad oftheaucioners,68,Marklan, cTy.w i o h Ioanthape ldadSchool Ream0,0D wfcaithal Cottage and Gahrden.cl ~~~ONwlSELby AUCTION;athKigseaIn,Hro.nTedy c, To-.- Underat2 Binlon lot, Sal bsayntiaFllyod-buitmCAPEL. andm SerlHOte RinOOM, with vaiois-usporices,andamouernroe Cottge and Furatrden adjoining,situae abuttinonthre road lfet.Ading tooet onahelout Melde of arrw-nthe-ill CommecandO oos 4,Fringmstdoutfu vestre,Th chapel orand wehollrommay, atOaSEHOsmLl expensIUe,b cmnveredinto aairnbdtealdweln, cland fromatshproximity-tog thmarbl-fame Haarrowd Scoolsirig,wouldalways comande goo taerhnanytgasTeshlei Q ofv the nerstimaedalue oh f £40lse per annum,,landtelaxnrd eemetd.My beok BWvieolrnesweek pvlrevboiouly Pandmuhadon thex bindins.s of ntr.s Bake, Marrow;, an. elegco. eyaxligitgras14,andeiver.mn Hrokerm, gat kthebpaen ofesaile; andofte qanctityoneuer.l K llotrh.niedzn Fouth,l26 Sldozndlcmp.gne, hhd.OO cpia3cshnerr,k andsote Brpitlfcks vie mordy riowFeruandmrynthnag on thle. Praisd. aOrdnancea atrthek roseldaScthL. nar the au thl Saon n of thee? Greatto Western. Railway aplyng doze uponsihgon,Na"y nw-umtuofad therGadJntoaa,b whiechs they my be oaded and enlverend eiteratsPddigo. h ie 'VIESSRS. GREENOT and SONRVllSEL by AELL IVI.TIN;at heir ommeris Sle Roms.l4, Sherriegdo-strcet, correspond, indulgent and invalid clrats. lea, sosfa, end occasional tables. chimney and pier classes elegant gilt pier tables, Parizsian rdole and oramments cabinetpianoforte, act of dining, tables. a sideaid,hndo Brussels ca ts and rugs, appendagres to the dometic Offices, and' other effects, " be viewed the day preceding, and catalogues bad'ht the offices of Mressrs. Rushworth and Jarvis, Savillle-row, Regent-street, and 19. Change-alley, Comhahl Bloomsbnry FEUch-street and CroTn-street, SBt. Gilegs-perusuant to an rde oftheHigh Court of Chancery, made in tho. causes "MCcle h v. regory." and other causes supplemental thereto, wvithi the approbatilon of the Judge to whose Coiurt the said causes are attached, on Wednesday, the 20th day- of February..1I06. at 12 e'clckl atamoonr, at th e Auction M1art, city, by Messr. CHINNOCK and GAISWORTHY, the auctioneer appointed to sell the same, in 15 lots, r,M~E following F'roohold Estates, viz. :--Lot 1. The ,L long-establhsbed Public-house known as the Crown, situate in Oxford-street, directly op oit Totienhami-durtroad ; Lat 2. No. 57, 3High-street' Lot S. Nio.38High-street; Lot 4- Nos. luand 42, Highstreet' Lot 6 No.43, High-street; Let6. No. 44. High-street; Let?7. No. Oi, Hih-stret;' Lot & No. 47. High-itreet; Lot9. No. 48, EHigh. street; LetlO. Nos. 60 and(I -51 High-street; Lot 1I: No. 23, Crownstreet, and two Tenements on the south side of Crown-place; Let 12.A Farriee's Shop, Stable, with Tenement adjoining, with spacious shboeiig shed, and a coarch-hou6e said ttable: Lot LI. Nos. 25 24, and 27, Crown. street; Let 14. Noes. 28, 2, 30land I. Crorn-strecc, les, 2. 3., and 5 Rents-plcs4md Hs. 1234, 5, 6.and?, Burnuets-buildinga;an Letp1. -Nos. 32ta 1, Crown-street, beth inclusive, andNosa. 8, 9.10, and 11 Regentbs-plce., The afore-said premise are let dehiely on leaem to respectable tenants at rents arneuntingto £1,110 per annum, and wil bmg os the increasedycarly value of +,I 820 as estimted o-n the expirl-a tion of% termof 19yearenow unexpire i~, d to whnich thelots l, 14, and 15 are su'liect, PlarticularS, with plans and conditions of a-do, maybe Obane attal of Messrs C*oocrandHoatw tM 3, VeruL, u, reriflodicaa~d (established in 1543, appointed to ta,ke P,l!o? the Al'r Thwos.yineYerymo-oth, of Absolute and ContingentI vrsionst. -luam dowP'e1 lfe Interests, AnnuitIer,- Policies of Ar"''A "id tlir-m. YtPresentations, XanorialElglsti Rent Charges In Lieu of Tithes, rosft ObitZonds. Toutines Debentures IinprovledRIents, Shares in Bocks, Canals,.Mines, Railways, mansu sues CoDmpnes, and other piubii ii dertaldhgas, for the present lIAR.MARSHbegs to announee that his PER103PI;l,ICAL8SALSMH (established in 1 f4or she disposal of evea desdrlptio ofteaoemnindP A'EITY, take placeon the ~rat Tn dayine~chm out the resent year, as under:-- JanuaryS May 1 I S~~~elptember 4 Februaryl Juned I ~October2 March 6 ~~~July 3Novemaber 6 ~p~l3~ I August I Deoember4. beenindcedto oldthee sales from the lncreaaln8 demnd or he ranferof prpryof this description, the value of whih s mansofinesmet isdal becoming better apprcited, andcoo hi exerinceof thebheavydrwbacks and great 'lSculty to whic ithasbeenexpsedin the orinrycourse of sale, and the experienoel he lst 1y bYA roved-the-above plan to beequally ad. vanaeoaoeeo and purchasers, the elossidecation of numerus ot udrntheurneans of publicity imore effectual and less expensive to he enor,andsiPlifying the tmanser to the'nurchasnr. .fotiees erofascaes Salendedsto beeftehthabvmn eudfrno toc orf the Tatmeast an fotIgd t Canteavgdeint t~o eaboeyatsi I-drtha thyMAyS have thecfullebenestro ubioity frmThe pr seedy Exeiorotoahdyosleatthel tart, awa dJo atsr. Muarihigsx MnhyPeriodical Sale(etbihdn143 of Rerersious, Policies, A,apontedtotakes Shareat tRens Mae.-o To-morrow; Feb. 7, at N afine Bonds ofI£N01 each oftESTae and ISIiCNA CNAlIAINavigation Con0uanb. miJf lut. e MaRS ba p rcen.1,rivedr ayb insr btions edrat the Mart Exn a euto arso hes clatem2. Edward ontestow '%asjosndem _ Mlrontl eidcal Sale (sabi od Reversions PlcieFus, -t. PpoLnte-t Anutakes Shaes Bnds &.-orTo-morrow . Feb. 7.a .1,I Fityhec loSba NThi berngitreta MA SH a erecciendricularstaybeotaioned ato the trt adut Mr.c tah'e olates,r 2,l Charlotte-row Mansldion-housnext PeiodtlyPridcal Sale (estblIsedrn 8iofp rolvecsmene_ Policies,Anutoits, Shares,t Bonds &aFor To-morrow, Feb. 7. t2oco Fit £2t Shares in IFYSAtSo Dce nthe Equitable Fire Insurance Compay annsre et Puyf. MAprsareSHUe hand recied, o wisrchions fromta h rtheo the Maroto;of thoNV leatey Esr. solictr.PStroud,toGinlude inhisex aonthat er. Mial sal ofiRevesos, P.Chr olleles. an .sppn-ouste.totk ~lace t theMart, To-morrow, Feb. 7.,atIl 'clck,1sblve lots gmf 1 eac in thewEquTable perCeIns.rAnnuiCornS per ent. ar boo refuarlyaid. Pnrllcinabr .mybeaotane. a theMar; o W.W. arec.Reive isolctor.uStionst. inludeteihru Peiosca maex (entablise ina18411 of Reversions, Poliies Anutes, . Sares, teondt. tae.o gatote-mot,Tomrrow, Feb. 7, thviheabto lthe RvauberASiOL zm to the suSou71mNwTheeprCet Annuites e%caTeTats,adreceivable on the deceasei of a lady now in her 5t er ofie MCarlotHow banseionhued.ntutos oicuei rV-hsst otl eriodical Sale etbsediI) of Reversions, PoTlies. AA-t,e. happine tontake place attho Mrt To-morrowFb . Fheb un,orat and tevaluable Absolute PteveisIo N to the S UM f 5241s Cof £10 NEd reeca1le Trstees, sadudTheprCnt. receivable ontedcavoaabs oluelinhe 138th year. o Patnlr a eotie tthe Mrr o Msss.Re offce, , harote-ow hMasrcion-house. tost icuei Per hsnxtMnbl eiodical Sale lsalsei 83 of Reversions, Policies. Anutes, Sar3ones t, Raens plate -Fo the-MatTo-mw,reb.. theb.V importin 2ltan tei atadvaluable AbolteeesiOLUnto VRIO othe Suso 554lsesum, n £f4,V onos n 4,183 6s. &d. Reduceed Three per Cents.,rcial,boueyo thedecasle oftt Fatld nentlfrIpoeman,trspectivel inr the Swoth Sash adpteadof their os emiel hpwes.u aaesi h lJR. MARSH 5¶as received instrucions to inELud in Iani AUTIONt,eplc at the Mart, To-morrow,, Febrr 7th at 12In lut of £equ5nc ofs Codisolutiand£18 do. &lt elredp Thre pouber CenTs. Tstadn iATNTh naesof threend hilyrespctableotrusees, andye ceivbleb thevenor under aou maaedetlesex. steonycid bn MethfARSHnts rsectselinbsltraconds tyarof thEir ag.Pbyier mayCeTobaine at the Mar l;T ofow Fesbrs Freem 'OLan ac iompisangly ol .Biciewter-ga3.rCoemn-stgreet;and aet Mr. Marsphins onfav. arhsilces, 2, Charlotte-row. Mansion-house. ealuable Deteswatnhueantdo IBprovemens irndthe, anufacture ofens lI4R. MARSH has received instructionstfoSEn bye N. UCIN at the Mart. To-morrow, Februaryt1 7thoc, i ote lo, in TesbeS ATELLNG-HorUngan, Wales, H-tmt Bowcuorne-Twuee, and pruveme in he Manfactre IrpofeSails, wichhven adopteds makrs n he indom Prtcivdicuastrandcdtions to SaLe mayb Mirse-ortw,anbTempleaesse.Ewrs aeit,adDve,sld or ouside,the forsth conyoofdisx lI[R. AS has received ntructions from SeL I AsbACigee at thess Mar. To-morro. Rea elat 7.L at PA o'lock and onfomingavot forthe ount of iddisex prgevisewed bythu instruthedMrt of tlfed Pruprsellr, taqo soIlctr byArlfIOrd, atent Mandatn Fr.iMarsh' oFes.ar 2, Carltte-row Malansion-EHOuDSeAT LeaseholdgDwelling-housue and fonines Prbemises,lf near the chregnts andR rie hmesH havigs rcgeivleditrcon frontaeta piathero and represnigtatie oftathes decease Proparietor,t SELL bhe AUC-G the wrkshos, an premses, ndodwllg-ose,an now5 Hinl-teoee, torm t a mderat grondmat Mayb vieed,mandarticulatrs withal row, tensionhue.PDrna atod et LettRS PfAten for UCproveeaDe nrShuters MNetARtdtSH byAaUMeceved.antreLuctons tdaySeLLby%t2 andnerUCIN atth then ofartfoTo-mwithow, aFuaebrofr 7,oth 12,th valuabler LoomTEnicatEonwthtemroli,bd for aMR RIET n the SlANt FAtUrm of 3erE,VaLVan etG l lown wtal, comprisnganei other bnesi orescrews andboueth,siatabeingardnliktherfoirmaybespet. tgrormd orotastfyideth cost omanufacturding being chonsierbl lestand any mter,appicable mdainguple room twinos Andprteitins. welshe daw-1 ines adeepatesntayexselen, redpair,tiegratr porwitcondiationsg sae, obthoinedst Mr.anMarsh'ofies,2 Chrlte-ro,w.iMansionehouse.,rg cu Ing roan (fr 70 hy.d-S p;rv`ce f Plteffand late botiiersn.ofig houses. engneroosH blaarceivgbued mbinstrutons . fromvtenb thLvL Assigeelsaof mpples. n2Weadas,tpowSeLL.b AlsothewolN, atthe Mart,bl To-hiner Fbury 7n ath, icungat1efo 20precisely,owitou cofeme-pt tosga ain s. Mssllwit4-o r am eerbo hre gavy sopoonse7 tbeandie dsetfrandnd0ho speroonse, sauceho ladies,ngne and miellahrs aortser boflae: fou plaete uaerso- dishes byDnd cves,tWilon' Ptentms forkstan spooins. Mayh be viwedhthemorning ofd sale,and cataloges,1 Old lechn Windsor.it Braks, threeojboldeLan, lrbl' d other paHttC le6 agShudle and boesUimlover L p re chnsstrce by. thewPryoprietr, ad1rto SElr byaUCId at theV ofMarlssnrs.owaday erand , oE an valuciable11 FEenhOLD EstAeTE, ; conMsisting ofwl annclosureoffetlen ambloe l and, yn nureoa r te hrc andZrve Thames,havingwe a coniealefotgety .ht od Isero P, onaiin BUOKLA,NDia,dor Sorlss andno insrithec ou maPS,157La the lUOw nnual rhentalrof£in Particcuparstith plans, m S e trte Mrat ST yDthecvhiedHart and Cate Hoels;an of Mssrs. ukadad. n BR Wi ndsr;o Mens Crwdr ROB ynard. So, EndLawbyord, a s thtos,Clemansret. iy Tomror of. 7,atsr Hne-at andc bucklad R SureD y]orswne. Radig I aonefd2 Cfanenon-treetx Extensivo ed Paper,Milos. rawley, near D ash-hrd, sent. d garden Hn ASLt and tear onheUChLAh ra,earev opn- sttHeAW iLE UISandPthe MI4th inteocpton the nevr-falln rier Darene pe andm neat he own fof 45yarsfni wirhth advpantaguofbet railway andwatrscomunicaton with the metrp~oblis held for Laiansnex-pbed denced;and offces.skithengrden Brwit frcng-id plAoeatsur g%Tround feeldrp,ais in exellenatrepar,the gratenor-retiona havingbeen reetlSrece,ad ua. of turWNangdOT A.00ounRTS weih ofSteLIbesyanUfCTuredpapteartwel, T orwithFwarehuses, raghoues engn roloms, bl reacf highue, motachine rom DIELN-H,driEn,b mthvauabe, mChimnery-gand pormolane,licludng senew2-hoLtrseapowe fteamengneb Me-fttns nd.HaMewth4er. aelpMscelaerous Art elO-ose power oile, an eeleth Papermachi.no.1eabyDonkas.Dalston'slatcn Hacttngmachne eighto. eb 7 m-ashing,tbeaig andUbEaHOng EFECTeS, stnecleacing sisepead ronwt rocksad,the rmag boilr,ashl' and fabre ofMu6essrs. oard anddDimg ardrobebsitr1, maFbentohurwelstareet; or and2, Cannon-streetwest, cany R ousyseut.n riay, February ,ant 11,eaboudEt 13lads poflueri M erEL Talumlwith the Prinpcipalofwhc iso large icesdimensalins an goodea qu Mry,l.n MON tfr, ntteMart,oldWnTedso-gee. Apithi half ay o ilerf oftevriserTes, and ras shortSl ditneof thn eay Ds.atehofetSlesioouth Sout Western decasla,e tlodsmye.a nh peie;a A LNoble Pile of Bulding consistiHng of three houses, £1. of uniform handsomeelevatp..NOs. 20 ad 21.areJIttedup ins convenient and very.coeti. manner as one establishmernt. in the occupa. tion oftdie Liverpool and'londoux Fire and Life Assnurnce Comnpany, and is. with four szorier, of effioes in rear (approached by aco-tene,w from Rurkiersury, numabered 27 A), on lease to Sir Thomas Ber.r Birch, Bart.; andt otbdm,-TruRtees for the said Comipany, ,rho ha-ve laid out a large sum of money on the premises, foraltermnof which 14 years areiunexpire, at only £400 perannurm, which maybe considered oni lvease,whic will exopirig80,ato wthelo. w raben Ofl £280 ia ya PartIcuatrs a,coor month prneviu totesl,of W.g-di freer, ansun fraicmed, necsr obl imert randohrliaw, seq. Goictr, andcsho -rough-. corOldTBrAd-Tree, late OtAortofogTo M SE L b This AUCTIOg.No6, BistebPomigae% 3 w 3ithin-- aluabe OlPanti, THS EVENING- and two following evenings,. at 8 most panctually, the tSTOCldofthelate Meesr.SooreanidCo. byorderof Mr.Morby'Whohe succeedeod to the businesi. and previaus to extensive alterations; cornprising a valuable collection oaucient and mnodlern pietitres amou which willbe foan d'Woodeatte rs iaAlnwick~pak. by J. PeeL agranjl work of art (exhibited in 1855) - Half-an-Houir before Snet.L a une specimn, by J. Mogford (eXhIl'ted inlSSS,: St. Agatha, by Carlo DoLc fromn the collection of G. Rend, Esq.; Mar adaeeyt h Seucr;by Holt; andI bpcm iy ~ a h Danhy Bright - Fasemoro 3 Bafman Soo Pr key Buchanan Renaeo Roeert La Porto W. & e ornrngtion Cho'ooe watercolour drawinTe, by eceinent ris:aexnivasot To Saiclothi Manuf'actumres, Bleal:he Rcia1-era And others. MESSRS. FULLER ansd HORSEY are iiInstracte4 to. SEL by-AUCTION.-.n the raie,pnhenxaj Salmnon-lane, Linmeouse, on Mod FVebr=yt act I"I. lee tn,wit oat reserve, FORTY 1'OIEMLO iiS. 24 and 30 Iinebeg 20 extrai beamns, -reeds and barness three quMitin nachines yarn. winin acine, So groas bobbins, bobbin-famms, three atarcbing maclaxlnea. onefdoorcioth lourm.wifweave seven yarsid,wOaeopnope ft, SLee6, 6and 9 feet diasmeter, one oblong =e lan, IaPtsg ra tar copper, hydraulic yrswa 0in pum mpS oaa-ktim sevralros o brckork 10tos tam ais ldcheansm 20 ton s0 mAUhineryNca t and w Marht-,on, shaftingspurand Fgebruary 1, &M SW mal ` lattOnf 1114 owi6ng--S Ioplarusd ing, anfwdoleme toes endarmewine fomther effecs o c-ewed onebnO Satrda prcouse to heme, whenVcatalgues may 1be0 batUd in 18bs foremies, n of mc Fulp esy andt Horsey 13 BiltgersIec, cdity. M uiq ;LMe :- TrESSRS. FULLER. and HORSEYwaeifSELtLbte £Yto SECIOL atv the Mar, on thednerasday Georgeasry 1.t Oxcl.. strect win fromdthe Haed elars one bin of wichoute dryzre p0 ortswm sad, Son's ShippngL andto bi"MnG o th . nditae g34 abottle in toz. HSC arrsan Son's:td) shiping. Seaffrdshrebins of coie oldaete spOrt, frotri fOxe'anTurttevnyars inon bolesthompson and Croubls, Sabenarsel, 2 or.- restersaudnutsnz,2aDo itoyalhOnrtogWine Mdompang'smlppispU, 3 do0bens of uperortals d old anlltobronsherry, ineot,ditgonemino coneat sherry, and gonesb wofd Z=ersuprrlroldbrowndherry 20ozight oclrt, and soed- hzeings. Theoacea imrs iongry donbeepllars 5Tie house-ps~ in thesole custody ote (uctioneerOfiloeymayho Tua. bel viewed ai Mnda tased on urxw~n to the sweiaalVesCtrayoel Onstb Pe had t tear; andof Yes me ery an Hose, Boiae- ~j7SSRS. FULRad OSYare instrtacte ATWtO SELL by AUCI n h rmises. G Feoresree, rfy i stetI nTesa.Fbury1.a 1 in lots, without rrre 0 oa Sl arsd Naeo. tdl 6 tn copp oeerue ar,8Incaleprn e! 100 be svougedba andyu al,1tnbs erytw lu,lo aa * Satesstalerrcach spig,cahIomney,dul ucaecaw buidesTIrONmgr, and ah general Camdren-tofn Tronmorrery. FTa betvewedon M(ogdet pervionaotoep ,etye salve. nCatal uEsra b. - ronted premses, bendo Messs. Fuller 4.andHorsorey.Blater-srace, wiy ~sttdros,0 eaLgtte elelrais Wire, n riA aoa I cemLLERdands HOESEheara in aoteiiilestainf,jttim .IVItOs"tLLbeigAU rCTlYOPO.at% the MsbonMnac . FWe ruaye2, anti o 14nding lot withou r,esew e o 0 milaes ofTLGIA?fart, n, heagtsdN.' coher wirer, a n fa o.a isut doeri a casngel. Th msnutctu by ath (ta gtundrebt CompBanyh Ciy-oade. dapte for btnra Luoarlutas telgahtn o yn tCto' herfreTbol-sree. To e-e.M be viewred at any time.b re,wIh wt aaous mayte beb1. of esss. oddrd ndOfe solielto be hda 1t11 od-streert, fchaplde Builders, andothersotice 1N[ESSRS. ENEYand 1BO'NNY will SELL bg ACIN, at the Red Cap, Camuden-wtown, To-monrow, FeTy,, 7,atlfu 1. ftorethe winthethert propety.) TWOVellAbiltASE of la rHOUSed situate bndeing Nos. 7,23.4 and . Fooesstest-race westu,c elteonroofs, lentisgutters, wei-taibugered andrined romasonse aymqea cemnti dressigs vthy gogardens ituatmost eligible, situatin fo aetinsr mending Hampsve o ihat,Hnstead~ and Enggt ia'-ec nf eaae lehboie!heights frrthe wreorke, a far ase isedne, is9 oene welxpher willje selsrat lesesgraned oe achhous,fr_ 97tat yars, frigom 9 Chrestm 1t15 at gm oerd rent, of £8 each be01se, direct fr. tea.ehodr Ladwash- redeemed,h =den beldviewe at lany tie,Frth emO5ears par. atiany ie uteatclars an d conditions of eats to be hada h acines'ofcs Q1 thessrs. Kenedy? MC and, wilalsoSella, atd th oetmeadpae Taonwell-built Toearpenodtouers, beingm andS Fortheieso-trr.ae, Onnea atien-roAYwi Sand satllDeing-houe, bicacsesing. rteste-sreet_ Leybeurne,roae, Hiamescd-o ~ESSRS. KNNEDY Qn BONN Y WiM SELL bS AFLAUCTION, at the red Cap. Camdlen-town, -To-morrow, Fe 7e. a to12tfor IIn oeprat lonats. tWOt well-buct uneAsEHOble HOUSES.IDWLM Sigodet,situateaand bing Ns n .Frestraews,Jn- viwof27Lyournetecad, and Piehat-oabils held- unider separate leate.,. dnxiretfonhsfehler o h term of a97 9 year tai drsn f : unepred amme,ato aProudsentfpe by te,c benorne Annua valuhe £98na ;alanda Of - d'tleem',ed.Alo semallyu Dwellng-oue witatesos. ud hein No.9, ties. Camdentw.T Cretr,Bulescnd,hr,Mas end WSSR AE, EDYa BONNY wil ASELL b M Ar'Ctheoom, at theled Cap-tre. CamSDen-ow, Fo-ebruryoth LESEH2 orLDDWecisoG-H01USEHinOLDFULrcerstUate indlelnr Frno. 27. Loyboubne-tad.~ caruptedrs. cheldo udraers tabtease for taunasesiredatherm ofds abot9 eganrs, atoaegound r.ocaentaofne per onot,e atopresen ccaupleet bah vuendr,an of thfleffcs anna valu oe ofypr30 to thm-e saean catnnedye hand zon ilas el t the som no ame timAewA lae'wst, aucintenroad: aegnd arsmall Dwellinghoue. en 9 rs ton-tret aIdn-rad;als ieCacssoFurninue, c-roomeTrdHeuser being Os.1N,, and 5,e Fortel s-tNorr7c wSt, ameatsh-storee. MaISbaetviwe atm aenytie. ute aters andfieio ciiloyoulnditios o sarle tbahade tatblbsaets ofneers fie, 1fa, Basychanstree, ptalndi_t, Coenwalgs ofthe usualdStcko thanexeloblisaltres ondfithHotsinrsuatl oietyo ]IrR.lHOigisto2k n td wal incld Catalges maboe haLE atMr AuCITIONfcs66, Cathsncewr omsyhecinrofaee-e.dan! Chneylane, onU rdr e .a .bodro h osi g te otiSiltRal Socety th. MASON and STONS ofthir PUBLvICbATIOS;ION,ondinth PeTmies, tNon,6D. andScndSerie, Milon February,s. andthainJlots), th vaubei DYER', bengA0ram, wnluith thrg CopperPlater of the whole,ers ~ OAXLEY~fl SELL wy SELLTbON; AYkattsEoors 21 Old Bond,Streetfl, THISo DoY. Febru. tho-j bYOrerofFrprelr,i forouprcisly, OUSoOL FUNTU FrnebodiBeer Frenh ad oter edstads carets chestsoo dr brerwabre, aut --M glasses, Stath rleding egant r0 ote3o )-ocbuitav cbneto( piaofort couches, chairs, aendtal variet Lof uSeful effets on vieeh old ayliro trouth ste adonndctlgue had bt thewd roomas; hand of M1r. R.bt. (la Ce. uctioneereYr, 8, Reglent-ctreet Wae,terlo-lce, ct;BolyA Vi, ames'lestreeho Pld-HotLsesuaehod Frurnitr. Stock in Trdeo ATEI.&EDWARD LandLSON will SELL byCIoN aU YtheONar, tei Phremses, No'b.y2 67 A2, S.aesssreet, FRXOTHI DAY,t Febth, irat, 12 fr tbecapitl HUSpeHToLD ftiRNitIep, 0!nd: bcares, rugs,grfender and ihere-irons amiahogay adpeor diin,ad,in Pother tabes setsl of chais, sofas easy cHuirs, oahitowMe%smesatfieim: air the usralecriten ;i e Camendynesndon fitngaur o the Brhop,~ Afcutrms, showcases, pier and cheva rlasseys, ,taogethamernit t raedmaman~soad and trae Eif ataoer Cataloges Markt-y beJha at r ,UIMaetGoaics,67 Cay',nceylanea,FbnT.,It-ionl, VL 1YUCTIMO. Honil,es Premses No.6.61 n itn stret,Cepplgat, HISDAYan T2moeos, thed6th and rtveu Faiebrar, t 1, in alots,llbs vauablei zdYeR'cPLnt,lnluigyh lofrePat. fch~prie foure copper pupstren ell brass-brooa~ kitnnsci. balOsa.ll,candsmaleadp eipet Te apioale stvnigate poinesuptwitblen. omacbin repushater roeenrs,rfittng oft andeisn anld dryong roms, siass! bemh viewedhtolders fror to ther safe and Seamfromshdo the prb f ee-b, m1ses; at 6grldf Mentsrs. Maso andl Sof s, whiching Wilam-stret,L Lou. Abcholute Sal h ae of X smel foreehold P ouo.erty,at btratford, B aust tESSBonAmLE, Hloan ; SoN willsEL tn;aCtONatteSn InnhSrefod,Tomoro, Feb,, c Slf3or4 byoderofther.oUrietors,7infouldots, wLoL Freehod Ber. ner. thuie,arhCurch,oletr to. 7sfiertbamFor n.!C. rwr,a 2 per oInter.stst 2. FreeholndPohrempsesatonang,a corner of JA,es place, let toher Sauitalen t, o .Nwy-ul rsedHu Ground adyoining. Ma btte viwdMartculaFrsihad. oFe.rar RobL Lj Cutimlos, Lreotl. 1TRihes-coutret,f Limr-ctreet,npity; loic agenr, Fairfeldroa, Bodse;dplacenotsle Annduofthes audrlctioner,17 e Johnelan-ro-ad St ongb at VaualeFeehol Home andmua proend,a Uppe Tooing. t bfSric-bil PaESiDtE3NCES,twoof theimewith al_ens, deialy situate I frontlftheih road71 , near theBeit, atperT6paymenthofepsre, cpi Mtreatham, n the countyTeof Suey together with Per conttae, CotabingentOt ishes -1gan garoun in therl rear, andmial adapntleda f uinghi putyr. pss hOsol RoneSOM leaseItoYrseHut, Ohif wl. Steau ated t9deom. meinr. 18150, at te lw et0 ofi10 peor aiu,bto iera -leo £110 peeannum, ay beviehjwe.Pinted40 neparticulars mihpas ha tbe B-dttell.%Upprt TootIng; Whit Lartn, pltewgham Ploug, ]lap ha rychmm; of W.ss etae an Feeman, sofficitors m4 , %coleman. street;buofdiesr. - VeOaMBTe.mlw and Son. 7 oner, Ange-cort,Thrgmoto estrteet agndtr th AOuctio nd Clas inrod arEsr-erae,Midnlae Came.own unea theBrkoc Ateus,pand wihnd ten minutes' o Ctho asem stanon,rt Camdiento" FCh'dHr smgavinoues No.12,,ad ,Hrga ofRear FEachhom ConAins seve well-arined roos, kcitchen bakad,adSmallbgArdenO.\ TheFrhleenstateuroduc.ed. up toithi necessaryIepairshavetb.Eencan-le ot, and xais eldb nebyoleased'rc frm hefeeole, or trof07yar, rMth2thoDembr stnffe va in inorocco, noble ssei e! , dirnner unjZzia &w. The libray has a bokes table, chain cc, ThooTousekeepers atrd breakfast rooms with the kitchen iteMs all comptlete, soueepronf m grsevince, asgm-vice Of splendid electro-plated articles, dinner, tee, ans! bralfas servio ba° llapendage stair capets, &o, A finDo clar ci Pertand Shimry, Whichba beenwarebohoused at tloesuctionee.'soflica prepartryto removal to theresidence,whichcanbeseeandtsimples on application. View on Thurday and mon:ngs of t-le, Catza 1E0eson thlpremis.s and ot the auctioriser, 152, (nmbreld-street, Warwick-squayre.- ToHollKeees,Tauiles furnishnSip,adothers [SSRS.7ONES and BO [ SELLbf im AUCTION. at their great Poonis, Ii and 12, ecse-teP Leoester-square-,T S EV-N'G. at O to the minute, a large,eqi.-- tity of elegant and tashiounble PLATED GOODS, a quantity- O! Parisian cloclm and bronzed igures moderateur lamjss, large qnuantiti- ofsotprintsin folio, framaed arid glazed ditte, hookis, drawings iaeQ superior iro.n chests, aned an assemblage of mniseehiarneous propet 10( numomer O for the limits of an advertisemuent. To-morrow, ..t the samn3 hour ch excellent Hlousehold Furniture;* and on Friday a. Collecto n- ofPctures by the Old .Masters, including a case lust imported from alsocontinent, gilt framses, 1.c. On viec and catalog>uer et the rooms aW' On Ylew.-As-cry eholon. Ceilection of high-class Painintgs.-a GARCIA will SEIA:by AUCTION, as above AP l-6morrow. Feb. 7 and follovinsrdvaircs vr choice 00LIXEMIOMoMbgh;-cla PICUl ebri qefno. eommples from tbe Italisn. 0mal-ih. Dat} aund dDs coiof Family, Buenas;- Virgin, Sariour, St. John an d St. Josepnh, A, dcl harto; BattlePiece, P. Wourermans: Landacapo and Fiurcs,ln5 daei iand others by the follgragiters and their ispills:- Naadyko Bebeghom (Xrlo Dolci Perry Coeregglo ticluedone Metre o Cooper Luini- Cignani Jan Steen :taniehl,do, Cataloues maybe had at lbs galery, 71, Quadrant, Regntstrc*t._
