DEATHS. On the 16th of Marhl1nt, at Ryde,near Sydney, W. S. Wde, in the 40th year of his age, Henry, the eldest Son of the late Henry Patteson, Baq. On the lath inst., at Bracknell, Bershire, MBrs Elizabeth Dring, aged 74 On the 15th int., at FAux Bonnes, Bases PyrenCes, 'Willim Bevan, Ean., F.R.C.S.L,, late of Mancheste.- On the 17th inst., at 25, Promenade Villas, Cheltenhan, Colonel Calany, lare Royal Marine Artillery. On the 17th inst., at Eviugton, near Cheltenham, lady Brook On the lSth inst.. at Whitbarn. county of Durham, aged 42, Margaret Adair, wife o: T. B Harrison, Siq. On the l9th isnt., at I anne, Switzerland, aged 65, Thomasine, the wiSe f 0. L. D. Cottter, Esq., and aeond daughter ot the late Captain BoM B NT, of Upton Rouse, Kent. On the 19th inst., at Boulogne-smu3rer, aged 11 montha, the infant Eonnof John Forbes Callsud, Esq. Oni the 19th inat., at Bitton,Glocestershire, Henry Aston Barker, Kin., in the Sld year or his age. On the 20tr inst, at Blomfield-road, Maida-hill, Edward Baxter, Esq., in his 79th year. On the 20th inst., at her residenoo, the Crescent, Plymouth, Mrs. Duke Songe, relict sf the late Rev. D. Yonge. On the esening of the 20th inst., at Brussels, Joseph Tucker Allaway, M.D. On the f20th inst., at Haften House, Argyleshire, the HOn. Maria Corinoo. wie of Caot. C. Monteith EEamilton, Oi'd itghianders, and t irddrtdghter of Viscount Gort; and, on the same day, in London, the Hon. Julis Georgina Vereker, youngest daughter of Visconmt Cort. On the 21st inst.. at Milbrook, Childe Okeford, Blandford. George Perchb ,Esq., aged 78. On the 21st inst.. Georgo Henry. the yongest child of Mr. Thomnz PhiUips, Wilton-place, age t 15 months. On the 22dinst.4atElmerlodge, Beckenham, ent, Edrwardi Richards Adams, BEsq one of Her MaEjesty's Jnstices of the Peace for the counties of kent and Surrey, and a Deputy Lieutenant of the latter county,inhis79th year. At Bishop's Waltham, Hants, aged 36, George Wilder, Fsq., late Captain Royal Morse Artillery.
iARZi` MEARY J.U0iNC- _ -ROUSE 0OF COMMO!S; VDNSD&Y, JuYM23. * The House met at 12 o'clock.- --Mfr; GIBSON presented a petitionl from Veer Bhiusder: *Waider, late Rajali of Coo:, complaining of the peinmptorw :oderaoffneEat India Company, that he chould return to endia, and praygin that the peio on b hich ho erjoys mem the East. IndiatComantymay beaps i to him notwith tnadin2 his residence in the e rnited 'idngdom. * THE VEPO TIOATION OF THlE HOUSE.S J uordg-d CECIL aGked whether there wou.ld be any oel jection to placineg in the divisioi lobbies a book in weibss (members might enter eomplaints as to the ventilation of the houlse ? - .The SCEAER said, that sr.ch complaints ough to be m3ade to the Sergeant-atedrms. TIE R'EPORT OF THE CHELSEA COMMISSIONT. '' 1L-. KINNAIRD asked the righW hon. gentlemnan tbe Judge-A dvocate General wihether the repor' of the Chelsea .Commiissioners v.ould be placed in the hands of members before the prorogation of Parliament ? - r. CG P. VILLIEBS.-I have every reason to believe that this report wil be in the hands of members before the -prorogation. For that reason I shall forbear to continue a -controversy with a iaoble lord in another place, which he originated, and which he seems disposed to continue. -[" Order, order !" from Colonel French. ] I think.that when n person is affeced by what has been said in another place .he ought to be heard (hear), and I hope that the friend of the noble lordwill allow me to saya few words. (Eear, bear.) I shail forbear to continue the controversy which the noble lord has originated, and I shall do so because I think it shows more repect to this House not to bandy unmeaning personalities here with the noble lord, and becausb the report -will soon be ia the hands of this House and of the public, and they will then have an ample opportunity of judging whether I have stated anything incorrect with respect to the conduct of the inquiry or the nature of the evidence. They will then see whether the solitary case of personal animadversion of the commissioners has been satisfied bythe evidence, and whether the inquiry with regarui to that is not incomplete. 1 am convinced that the noble lord will hear from his bon. friend wvhat passes here, and I hope that hon. gentleman will convey to him that I treat with the most perfect indifference all his personalities. (Hear, hear.) Colonel FRENCa.C-I believe nothing could be noresatisfactory than the statement of the noble lortd, that he said and meant to say nothing offensive to the right hon. gentleman. (Hear, hear.) GRAND JURIES, &c. (IRELAND) BILL. Sir D. NORREYS moved the second readintg of this bilL Mr. HORS MAN appealed to his hon friend to withdraw this measure. It conld not lead to legislation during the present session: nor would his hon. friend obtain what he desired-a statement of the views of the Government upon this subject, because, as the Bishous of London and Durham :Rttirement Bill had been postponed to that day oD the understanding that it shouild be taken first, he (Mr. llomman) should not be prepared to make such a statement. Sir D. NORREYS, althougih unwilIing to lose the opportunity of havingthis subject discnssee, was willing-to give way, on the understanding that the Governament would assist him to introduce this bill and secure for it a first reading next session. Mr. HOIISMAN promised the assistance of the Government next sesssion. Colonel FRENCH protested against the Government takng Wednesday from private members, and said that he should oppose the re-introduction of this measure. After a few words from Mr. STAFFORD, the order was discharged and the bill withdrawn. The order for the second reading of the Poor Law (Ireland) Bill was discharged, and the bill withdrawn. BISHOPS OF LONDON MiD DLTRHAM RE- TIRE31R:NT BILL. The adjourned debate on the second reading of this bill was resumed by Sir W. HEATHCOTE, who rose to move, as an amnendmaent, that the bill be road a second time thai day three months. Even though there were no grounds for objecting to the measure on its merits, the time at whieh it had been broug'nt forward would be a fatal argument against it. Just at the close of the session, when niany members had left town, and when those who remaired were exhausted by the labouns they had undergone, the House was called upon to give its assent, hastily and without deliberation, to a bill which was most important not only with reference to its influence on the general interes'ts of the church, brt also with regard to its Probable consequences on other cases similar to those whici had arisen in the dioceses of London and Durham. The House would do wel to remember that those were not peculiar cases; that there were others equally subject to the observations with which the noble lord at the -head of the Government had prefaced the introduction of the present meassure; and that similar ones woaldl hereafter continually occur. Yet the House was asked to apply a new and a merely local remedy to an evil which was old, and might become general. It would1 be difficult to find a precedent for such a proceeding as this bil contemplated There was mention, indeed, of a bihop who had resigned his diocess aoout the tine of Henry VIII., but the reason for his retirement had not been trans. mitted to posterity, nor had we heard anything on the very isnportant question of his retiring pension. If cases similar to those waith which the firesent bill sought to deal had arisen in former times, it was reasonable that an oppoitunity to examine themn should be afforded. (Hear.) The bill did not lay down any rule to govern the conduct of the State in its future relations with disabled bishaps. It referred exclusively to the dioceses of London and Durham, in respect to which it prescribed a course ef proceeding so very remarkable that it was clearly desirable that Parliament should have time to look into the precedents, with a view to ascertain whether history recorded other cases in any degree analogous to the present. But, even thouigh these considerations did not present themselves, he, for one, should be prepared to vote against the bill on thc merits of its proposition. The measure was partial and incomplete, and would throw diffculties in the way of future legislation on the general subject. The law against Eimnoniacal contracts would remain in full force, and the effect of the biil would be simply to legalize two particular transactions which appeared to partake of the nature of such contracts. The characters of the prelates in question and of the noble lord who had introdnced the measure guaranteed the truth of the statement, that, in point of fact, there was nothing corrupt or siaioniacal in the prooeedings to which the bill related, but no abuse against which legislation was directed hadever commenced with a case which was upon the face of it mischievous and vicious. Such praetices sprang up slowly, insensibly, and by degrees. The present bill would legalize what the world would not fail to regard as a very questionable transaction, and it would rexider it extremely difficult to carry into operation thegeneral law on the subject of simoniacal contracts. A conscientious bishoo must manifestly endure much pain and perplexity in ati tempting to enforce against a rector in his own diocess the penalties of a law which, probably, was violated with impumty in the very next diocesa. He himselftnew of a case whhere a parish was held by an incumbent who, being conscious that his strength was failing, would willingly retire if a small pension could be reserved to hins for his support. The patron of the parish was most anxious to promote his Nishes, and, to prevent the slightest taint of suspicion as to the manner in which the transaction was conducted, had generously offered to place the next presentation at the disposal of the bishop of the diocese. In fact, all narties were anxious to act wvith bonsa idea, but the bisbop would do nothing to facilitate the arrangement, being apprehensive that it right lend to pernicious conseq;uences by encouragsag sueniacal contracts in ether places. (Hear.) But, even Sir..th present measure were not partialand incomplete, he (Sir W. Leathcote) was not prepared to adnit that the retiremeTnt of the bishops was the best principle on which to proceed in dealing with these cases. The office of a bishop -was not like that o' a judge, merely functional acd administ ative; it was alho, so to speak, personal and paternal {hear, hear), and its character and intercourse in the latter capacities were very valuable, and nnght be retained with advantage even after the physical strength of the prelate had so far decayed as to render it iznpossible for bim to attend to confirmations, visit3tions, and the other more active duties of his diocess. (Hear, bear.) These considerations pointed to a remedy, not by getting rid of the bishop and appointing a successor in his place, but rather by taking such a course as was open to a rector of a pacish, who under the same disability was -enabled to apply an effective cure. The bishop, like the rector, might emplo.7 a substitute to discharge those more laborious duties which he could not himself performr; but he might still xetain thepovwer of governing his diocess in the manner slrad sain ei_f-Ira,na. uhapoedn,s a from being contray to the spirit of our laws,was harmony w;ith them. An act of Parliamnset, pa9ssed in the 2dth year of the reign of Haenry VIII., provided that it should be in the power of any bishop, who f-sIt himself unequal to the discharge of the mnoree arduous fuinctions of his office to choose tw-o clergymen, whose nanuses has should transmit to the Crown. Whichever of those cler-'men the Crown might select, the ..vbiehops and bishops wcere emp3wered to consecrat.e as a suffragan prelate, or, in e-thr words, as the curate of the bishop. The act specified the titles -which thessesuffiragan prdztatsaight asume andit w,as WOXrth1 of remark that the title. inquestion were precisely as umerous casthesees in England. There was nothingin the net he ,strict the scene of the duties4 f the suffragan bisheop tothe gilace from which he took his title; on the contrzry, the aot L4anted that that place was to ba rgarded as giving him his. .t%i~ and nothing more, and that bis duties and reraunera. tioi avere alike to be limited by the commission lie bLad ob. 4ainci from the bishop requiring his assistaie. The jsat d ause of the act indicated that 7be Wag only- to he employed for certain portions of the bishop's d -ties, for it was provided that., he might be a beneiics-3 clergyman and hold two boefices. But of o ozre, that was no necessary part of the prinelplairvolved. That principle, f' should be remembered, hada een reco nized as recently as .i' the year 1812, when an act rspplicab e tv Irclanrd was pased in the reign ef QGeorge M. if mee' the, case_oi- atsitant,bishops.- (Hear, lsar.)-Xclaiaed fur than Ouse D30s i aunple -oppotrts_ity to dliberate on~a que:tion of eulch importance--but, if driven.toan isnardiafo. decision, lhe would say that the jatinciple of the tao enactinents to, which he had alluded 'was. safer ore than that indicated by the measure nowvunder considerbtion.; Thata prelate might outlive his bodily stiength ;ithout outliving the capacity of performing most`iusportant functions -in his diocese was proved ~by the case of the. -Archbishopof Armagb, who, thoughsofeeble as to need the 'assistance of a neighbouring prelate in the discharge of the msnore onerous dutties of his office, yet-made his presence to zbe so delightfully felt by his kbid,nesr, mun3ificence, generosity,. - and suti:ing; assidaiti, that his r:tirement wrould -be regarded as a grievous loss to his diocess. (gear.) Nor shlould it be forgotten thatth:s ,cuestion was su3rrounded wvith financial difficulties whieh .appeared to have entirelv escaped the observation, of the Gover ment. If it were intended to applg the plan pro. -osed by +bis bill to other sees besides those of London ar.d -iDrham, and to male provision- forthe retirement, with a rYlennion, ef all disabled -bishops, it was -to. be appxehended that such a -burden wo.ld be thrown upon the Ecclesiastical Commission fund as would entirely exceed lts-capabilities. If, on the other hand, it were con|templated to exempt the ecclesiastical fund and to im- lose the onus of expense upon the dioceses themselves, by burdeoing the salaries of bishops with large pensions for their predecessors, this was a proposition of such vast importance as to demand. vwhat it was i upossible that at th's late period of the session it should receive-most minute and deliberate consideration, either by means of a commitec or through some other agency. Taking into con-Rideration all the circumstances of tne case he had arrived at the conclusion that he should best discharge, his duty alike to the church and to the country by moving, as he now did, that the bill be read a second time that day three months. Lord P. CECIL, in secondin- the amendment, observed tbat the opponents of the bihl were met by an ad captandumn objection, which, had it been urged at an earlier period of the session, would no doubt have had considerable weight-namely, that the rejection of this measure would expose the dioceses of London and Darham to the evil of being siuperintended by bishops incompetent for the discharge of their duties. He acknowledged the force of this argument, which was, in fact, the only one that could be urged in favour of the bill, but he maintained that the Government were estopped from the use of such a line of reasoning, for it appeared rhat the Bishop of Durham had offered to resign as long ago as the end of last year; and, even upon the face of the meagre correspondence vhich the Government had given to the Hlouse, it was manifest that the Bishop of London had signified his willingness to resign in the mniddle of June last. (Hear, hear.) The bill vas not of so complicated a eharacter as to require the services of a very expert dranughtsmar, and the Government mioh essilt have introduced it at a time and in a form whici would have allov.ed of its being Imaturely considered. He protested against the idea that, because the Government had neglected to introduce at a seasonable period a remedy for an admnitted evil, but had allowed that evil to go on until it had reached an intolerable pitch, they should rnow come forward and insist that the House should pass any measure, howvever pernicious in principle or careless in the manner of its construction. (Hear. ) The siamoniacal character of the contract which this bill sought to sanction had been distinctlydemnonstrated. Not that he ascribed corrupt motives to the bishops in question -far from it- but he ;vwas at a loss to conceive how ansy man who had read the correspondence could doubt thrt the compact to which the House was asked to set its seal was anything cIse than a resignation bond, which Nvas illegal in this2country. (Hear, hear.) The noble lord at the head of the Government would have it that there had been no bar. gain, no negotiation. The noble lord must have forgotten the purport of the corresponl.*nce which he had laid upon the table. And, indeed, it might be observed. in passiMg. that the letter of the Bishop of Durham pointed to previous negotiations and transactions with a distinctness vhich gave colour to the suspicion that the documents that had been presented to the House on this subject were not vhat they professed to be, "copies of all correspondence wnich has Das&ed between Her Majesty's Government and the Lords Bishops of London and Durham, touching the resignation by them of their sees." (Hear.) The words of the Bishop of Durham, in applying for leave to resign, were these As I shall relinquish a very much larger income, I am persuaded that your lordship will not consider the annual allowance of 4,i001. per annum by any means unreasonable. Upon the assurance that this willbegranted,Ishall beready to resign the Bishopric of Darham on any day not earlier than the 1st of August." (A laugh.) That was as much as to say that if the assurance were not given, competent or incompetent for the discharge of his duties, be would not resign. (Hear.) It was not easy to comprehend in what sense the word "contract" sbould be understood if that was not a contract. He did not profess to be a lawyer, but certainly he should like to have the opinion of the Attorney-General as to whether the letters that had passed between the Bishop of London and the First Minister of the Crown did nct constitute a contract within the meaningof the Statute of Frauds. (Hear.) With vwhat face could a bishop, himself proposing to enter into a simoniacal contract with the Prime Mtiniister, attempt to put the law in force against any incumbent in his diocese? One objection stated to this bill was, that it vas confined to a specific case. While concurring, as he did most fully, in that objection, he did not mean to join in the-ordinary cry against all piecenseal legislation; for in the difficult position in which the House was often placed it was sometimes necessary to content themselves with a small measure, because they could not pass a large one. His chief ob.iection to this bill was, that it sought to carry o,:t a t.wofold bargain. If it once become law it was vain to hope that, easy and tempting as the arrangement was to a Minister, it woiild not be drawn into a precedent. In every individual case occurring hereafter they must expect to find the Iinister coming down to make a b.argain with the House similar to the present one, when discussions would arise such as that of which they had now an example. Objections would be taken to the amount of the proposed pension. It was said in this instance-and not unnaturally-that the sum was too large, because the retiring pension of a bishop stood in a totally different position from the superannuation allowances granted to any other elass of persons. Every farthing given to a bishop diminished the fund available for thessupport of the poorcurate. 6,00-01. a-yearrepresentedtbe inconse of GO curates, with the spiritual care of G0,000 persons; and if it stimulated voluntary contributions to a like amount, it rould represent a provision for 120,000 souls. But, if the impression went abroad that they paid huge retiring pensions of this description to individual bishops, how were the friends of church extension likely to be met when they solidited private subscriptions for that important object 7 With the exception of the judges, this was the only ease in which superannuation allowances were not drawn in some degree from the prev:ous salaries of their possessors. Why, then, was this special favo,sr shown to the Bishops of London ar.d Durbam, who had for many years enjoyed incomes wbich Parliament itself had declared to be "ridiculously large l" The noble lord at the head of the Government had last nigist told them. very truly, that the Bishop of London was a most excellent prelate; and had described, in language too sacred to be repeated, how he had spent so much in charity that he had now nothing left to support him in his declining years. No doubt that statement was perfectly correct; hut what was the obvious inference to be drawn from it ? Why. that if the right rev. prelate had not been so charitable he would not have been entitled to so large a pension. What did this indicate but that on each ocecaion of a retiring paesion being proposed the House would have questions r- ised as to the merits and demerits of a particular bishlop -as to what he hasd, and Nvhat he bad not done; and probably, also, as to his theological qualifications. One honl. mnember would point out that this prelate bad been very violent against the Roman Catholics-another that that prelate had sh-;wn a leauing towards Romanism, and thus would be multiplied all those bitter and excited theological controversieswl- ich alreadytoofreouentlyimpededtheirle-is latioes and brought no little discredit on their proceedings. (Hear, bear.) Bat this was not only a bargain between the Minister and the House of Commons, it was also a bargain betwveen the Minister and the individual bishops. There was a number of prelates still under the old a,stem; and, uinless a general measure was introduced, tlere would be ample reom for negotiatimn in esch separate case. This gave the Mtinister of the day a direct power over the conduct of any bislhop baving it in prospect to retire. A prelate hadl not only to perform his duties in his diocess, he was also a member of the other House of Parlisment, in which a few votes went a great way and might even turn the scale of a division. It might be said that the character of the episcopal bench was too high for a pecuniary temptation to operate on its votes. That was, indeeO., very true; but would the people out of doors be so willing to give them credit for this immaculate purity? No individual bisbop might really be influenced by the prospect of a negotiation for a retiring pension; but would not the public be aBt to suspect that particular votes were traceable to such considerations? The popular mind was at all timnes only teo eager to catch at imputations of misconduct against the dignitaries of the church; and no greater in jury to religion could arise than the increased suspicions relative to pecuniary matters to which measures like this wouild expose the bihops. Few things had done more harm to the episcopal bencli than the angry discussions and grave accusations brought against it some years ago with respect to paysnents into the common fund; and nothing could tend more to alienate the pubhic from that body, or more to excite jealousy against any endeavour to extend it, than the prevalence of a general impression, however unfounded, that the bishops were not so disinterested as it became persons in their sacred calnge to be. (Hear, hear.) This evil, already too extensive in its operation, would be infinitely augmented by the system of which this bill was but the beginning. (Hear, hear.) He had touched this delicate and invidious part of the subject with unfeigned reluctance and would not pursue it further. He vwould content himself with simply adding that this measure had not only been introduced at a period too late to be duly considered, but was open to such grave exception on tbe score of the simony it sanctioiied and the dangerous concequences to which it must give rise tlhat he should offer it his heartiest opposition. (Hear, hessr.) Mr. MILNES thought it apparent from the face of the bill that it was an exceptional measure; and, therefo:e, the assmmption that it would be taken as a pre. <edent was purely gratuitons. It applied only to two dioceses the circumstances of which were in themselves exeptional. The sees of London and Durham were not included in the general arrangement lately made for the regulahion of the churcs; a much larger sum had been appropriated to them titan to the other bishoprice; ..nd the pendons proposed to be given to their present occnpants would be taken from the general fund set aparb for the nsets of the chureh, without trenching on the reasonable emokements of their successors or of any other individual. This question was a perfectly novel one, and whien hon. 'gentlefia,s blamed t&eGovernment for not brining forward a general mgeasure, dealing withi it. in a compreh3ensive spirit, it might faieo' bce asked,: " Why were the present Mtinistry more answverable for this omission than any of their predecessorsP " Som2e hon. mnenm3er.a appea3red to think at the boun3den1 duty of tbhee t,sr right rev. prel3:.es to r&e Z cifenre . of simoLy dies -inu tLe bargain tjawD, by tle i dividul at' the time of =cgnata, T rigt hon. utleman- 5peakspi6ft i -but l spi of ti dividual -birgais -for ;a' 'valruble minidderatto ieon t4bV strengthof w7richl OAT ths bisbop retirT iTht il 9abat constitate. simossy. - I chllenge noy right ho]., fend controvert tbat position. I -am confident that canu.. ontradict tn doctrine. ,'t is not the fzact' c receuIsF the resignation ''of the set, but M> is'-the ! fact of a g the ba "i - t c tbkit pension.: (HeL, .bear.) By te to f lEzliA,, Ibeth the -bishop'was authorized to assign-to & clergy-I mawho Ld xignedhis beefice a en pension. clergyman was not empowered by the act to nake hbargaiaT forthe pension. ItwasadiscretionLry iowerin theiebandsivr of a superior authority..' But -hat *- not the casevzin reepect to the present bill. 'We are not asking for, powers to be given- to others to permit a resignation& of a see and to grant a pension on such resignation, but wer are asied to sanction a bargain widch has areadyv beenrmavde by the very parties srhd are to receive tha t pension. What-f leson does the statute of Elizabeth teach us ? Why, this"i- thAt that law, limited as- it was, had led -to- such) grcsa a)uses that it -wAs necessamy- to. nut a stop to it altogether. That act neither authorized nori' recognied any bargains, of say sort. or kind, but, notwithstanling, such abises 'arose tha' another lawv was ed to correct theevil. Take thecaseofialbishop. who enters upon his see with a certain endowmnent Attached to it, and if he retiies he mav have aipension of 1,0001 a-year; there ispo simony inthat; so with a mtan`wotikei * benefice vith an income of 1,0001. a-year; there is no Is£i nony an tulat, because in both these cases, the persons become possessedaythegenerallaw of the land. But if the-beneficel3ano endowment attached toit,andaifanymar, said, "I will take thebenefice provided you will attach isan income of 1,000k a-year.to it;-' that would be sianonry. So that the crisme of aimony depends upon the aoct of the indvidnal. In the case before the Hoouse there is a, distincti bargainjItis the whole spirit of the correpondence between the Bishops of London afed Durham and the noble lord;" It stands in the very words used by the noble loird, who, says he will tale steps to carry into effect the prol'ositionof the Bishop) of london; and wrel;ow wrhat tLe condition was which the Bihop of London made. The preanible of the bmi does not contain a true recdtal. It states that the. Bishops of London and Durhamn had severally 're-I presented to Her fajesty that they wore desirous to vacate their respective sees on account of theirr inabi^lity t1o discharge, the duties -of theiir office. If that were trce-if it w1ere wvhoUly true-it would bea perfectiyIeg-timate proc6eeding; and the whole measure would be founded upon a true psnciple in regard to ecclesiastical endowments, and would be consistent wivth that provision of the law which was made to insure the perfernance of certain duties by those wvho hold such offices - so that w/hen the duties cease to b3 performed the emolurent attached to them should also cease. If this bill goes into commnittee, I shall certainly move amendments to bring the preamble into harmony with the facts, because as it nowstands it entirely misrepresents them. The bishops state their aesire to retire upon a contract as to pensions, and the preamble of the bill, professing to recite the correspondence of the bislhops, recites it untruly, and completely suppressey the fact o1 the contract upon whiich they poose to retir. (He.ar, hear.) I beieve that this is the first time upon which thel louse of Commons has been asked to sanction any such a:rrangement. I trast that I have already disposed'of the argument of those who say that to resign for money is not simosiacal unless there be corruption. (Hear.) Then my ri]ght heon friend says that it is not a sldicsent objection to this bill that it is piecemeal legislation, and he says that we must legislate piecemeal sometimes. Undoubtedly yoe cannot upan all occasions undertake to deal w;ith the whoiw of a. subject, but every one must feel that there are great objections to piecemeal legilation. My right ion. friend referred to a question recently tried, whether certain gentlemen who had contracted for a loan should be Leld to be liable to the provisions of the existing law, and they wvere held to be exempt from its provisions. But there we dealt with a whole class, while here we are called upon to deal,not with a class, but with individaals. If two contractors, A and B, had applied to the Hiouse and had said "E Exempt us from the penalties of contracting for a loan, but leave C, D, and every other contractor subject to tbem"-that wrould have been the description of piecemeal legislation ;which we are now invited to enter upon, and it i} such a description of legislation that I believe nothing wouzld hav,s induced the Rouse to sanction it. (HIear, hear.} My right hon. friend dwelt upon tho case of Bishop Zachary Pearce, bot that wasa very different case from this. Bishop Zachary Pearce went to George E.L and askred to he allowed to resign, but, so far from desirnug to resign upon a pension, he asked to be allowed tosurrenderentirely the ecclesiastical prefermeea; which he held, atnd he intended to support. himself for the remainder of his days upon the private means wvhich he iossessed& (Hear, hear.) There is, there.ore, no shadow oFex.mple or precedent for such a tranosacion as that to which we are now invited to give onr sanction. As. to the spiritual state of the dioceses asnd the necessity feepiscopal superintendence, provision might have been made for that long ago, and it may be made now under the existing law wiihout incnrring any of tho objections wvhich apply to the present measure, because, if a suffingan bishop were appointed, it would simply be the duty of the bishop on Whose behalf he was aCppointed to make provisions for maintaining him in the duties of his offdce. I cannot. help saying a few words on the unpleasant subject of the amount of the pensions proposed under this act. It is very remarkable that several of those wI' have supported the second reading hive felt that to be so sore a point that they did not scruple to recommend that those amounts should be reduced. (HIear, hoar.) My right hon. friend the member for the city of Oxford expressed himself in favonr of a reduction of those amounts; and I tako thaet a a proof thatv hether he thinks the amounts reasonable or not, he believes that the granting of them by a ote of Parliament wouad be productive of public inconvenience amd public scalndal. You know how these things asee disclussed out of doors, and you may have seen already in the last crop of Sunday newspapers that severe comments arebeing made on the transaction. Watchful antagonaists of the church of England' have already found it worth while to print in the largest letters or. the face of every little shon w.here Sunda3y newsapers are sold, the words " SimOniacal resignation of Bishops of theEstablishment." (A laugh.) I am afraid if my right hon. friend give effect to the intention which he has declared of endeavouring to reduce the amount of the pensions, that after al there won't be any great difference between that and voting ainst the secondE reading of the bill. I thinkc that it would he, however, for the convenience of ; the H ouse, before we go to a& second reading, that the Government should inform us distinctly-and I now put the question to them-- whether it is competent to the House to reduem thc amount of the pensions in committee without occasioning the lciss of the3 bill 9 I hope that that question will be understood, because it is expedient and necessry that it; shonld be szswered; and it is necessary, amnong other reasons, in order to g,ive contentment and balm to the conscience of my rightb hen, friend, who, it is evident to me, 'would feel cob sider ed.e dificulty, notwithstanding his able rpeech, as to the v ote which he should give on the second rscdingc if he were told beforehand that his hands were tied as to the amount of the pensions, and that alteration of tbem in committee vwould infallibly lead to the loss of the measure. (Hear, hear. These are the grounds on which 1 shall vote against this bi. I will not consent to a measure which, sanctions in individual cases a resignation conditional on the receipt of money, because I am satisfied that such a transaction is tantamount to an act of simony, and becase, although innocent in itself, it may tea made a coverb and a cloalk for other transactions. which would be taken under the shelter of it, and which wouldnotbe innocent. I wil not sanction the pensions which are granted under this bill, nor wil I sanc.tion a. measurs which deals with the resignation of bishops without any guard or restraint in a matter which requires to be so carefully restrained My right hon. friend spoke of thc act of 1843 as being suited to this case; why do nDt you copy the prceesss of the act of 1843 .9On that occa,ion so% danger ous did the Legislature consider it to leave open the door for corrupt transactions between bishops and Minister, that evidence wa S taken upon oath to substantiate the3 facts ; and there wis anu appeal to the l'rivy COUncil to iron ide that every means should be taken for the discovery of the truth. You are now going to throw over all those provisions, and to pass a bil which recites that because two. bishops are lmable to dishage the duties of their diccesses, therefore they ae to be allowed to resign upon a contract for a pension. ForThese, among other reasons, I shall give, my voes against the second reading of the bilL (Hear, hear.) Sir G. GREY.-The subject has now been so fully discussed, and the hour at which we must adjourn is so near at hand, that I shall compress my observations within a very' brief comp;s. My right hon. friend who ha. just sat dovua has repeated the objection which has been before talen as to the time a. which this bill was introduced; but I think that those who look at the dates of the correspondentevwil see that it -was impossible- for the Government tc- pro. pose the bill earlier. The letter of the Bishop of London is datel the 18th of Jnune, and that of the Bishop of Durham the 21st of June; andthe intention of the Government was announced almost immediately after they -were in possession of tbe bishope' desire to resign. Of course it required some short time to framo the bill; but within a fortnight or three weels from the date of those letters the bill was laid upon the table of the House of Lordsa; snd I thinlc that we should be neglecting our duty if, on the ground of tine alone, we were to refuse to entertin this question, and -were thus teo subject tbe dioceses of London and Darham-two of tho mort populous and important dioceses in the kdngdom-to be left for several months, or perhaps a year, Without that episopal superintendence which those who thin- that a bishop has duties beyond the formal ones of consecration and confirmation admit to be so. necessary. 'flEe right hon. baronet the member for Carlisle, aeferred to the act of 1843, on which he looks with some parental affection as capable of accrsapl.ishing everything that vas desirea. Singularly enough, that actcame dowa from the Hiouse of Lords on the 21st of July-the identic31a day on which this present bill came down. (A laugh.) Without pretending to be a lawyer, having for 'so many yeasleft the bsr, 1 am-bound to say, in answer to thequestion which my right hon friend who spoke last iddressed to rue, ihat I thought the answer given by the right hon member for the University -of Cambridge to the chge that this was a simoniacal contrct, -was full and conipletk.- {Rear, hear.) - I admit if any clergyman or bishop, having reason to expect - tht he shouldsucceed to the diooese of London o' that 'see becoming vacant, had gone to the Bishop of lndonan and had said, -*ill you enter into a private arrangementwdth |me by which, on -esigning your see, I will give' yob 6,COOL. a-year for hife r' that that would have icensiuinos. ot, if the irst Lord o we T asry o apiicatio te bislhop or i3f qn tiug thepzpcetious e Daod 'ga# 211 1SL~ wigw saI ii8W sign', tteirsee'siwhen their physical srength to Ionger ,irved-themntoerform 'ther duties;,but it had certainly ;everientered te head of' any other-bishoptio nake sbOh a&rnsender,- The-spontaneous act of the Bissops of London lnd Durbam was itself exceptional 't as, in fact; asymp-ni of the growing feeling of episcogal responsibility, and ,m suchi- should be hailed as a hopeful sign of tue times. tHear! hear.) 1 o doubt a general measure on this subject ,*;as highly desirable; althougbh.when it csme to be discussed it would bardly be found so free from difficulty. as the op4yonentsofthisexceptionalbill-seemedto imngimie. But, be thbat is it might, there could be noground for sacrificing the -advantages put within their grasp bar the present bill the arrangement contempiated by which Inioht bc -carried :out without any other scandal, to the churcl beyond that dwhih the noble lord who sp,oke last and thcse 'who agreed vith him night choose to make. That noble lord -had laid down principles 'which he could scarcely be prepared to folIlow cot to their logical consequences, and 'when so devoteid a son of the caurch allowed himse]f«t?indblgein such strong I']anguage towards his venerable parent, ho v could it bc ux1-pected that other members of that }Ion e, 'who Bad not- ths sa.e sense of f9ial duty, should refrsin from .csting r- jpr achesponher even of a more indecorous character L1 Hfear, hear," and a laugh.) The noble lord exceeded the bounds of just criticism when he countenanced the insinnation tbat members of the episcopal bench would be guilty of reprehensible conduct-to say nothing of the mysterious ofience of simony, of vhich those who .brought such accusations seemed to have no very clear conception. The arrangement so unsDaringly condemned in the case of the Bishops of London ar,d Darhim had already been sanctioned for the benefit of tie B shop of Jamaica, the grant of a retiring pension to whom passed entirely without notice, not to say. without hostile comment. The appointment of sufri-agan bishops might ba preferable to thesystemiofretirement, but then the assistant b shops ought to be recognized as the successors of the existing prelates. The great practical deficiency of the episcopal body was, that its members were wanting not in learning, piety, or zeal, but in a personal knowledge of the dioces-s over 'which they ruled, and a personal influence over the clergy amnenable to their supervision. This defect could easily be corrected in the cess of the suffragan bishops, who might acqnire in their subordinate positions the invaluable qualHication of a local acquaintance with their futare dioceses, (lear, hear.) Let the House consider what 'would be the effect of a rejection of the proposals made by the Bishops of London and Durham and accepted by the Government. That rejection must be based on one of twvo grounds-either that the duties of a bishop were so iinimportant that an aged prelate 'was quite as able to perform them as a younger one, or that the terms proposed were exorbitant, The first hypothes is he wouald not stay to argue. As to the second, it could hardly be said, when a vererable prelate had spent his best days in the faithful discharge of his pious functions, and devoted a large portion of the funds placed at his disposal to the good of the church, that one-tbird of his previous income was an excessive amount for his retiring allowance. MIoreover, 'when they considered the station which these two bishops had been accustomed to fill, the scale proposed for their pensions could not be regarded othervise than a; perfectly fair and moderate. It should also be remembered that it was optional with them to retain the whole of their present emoluments, although they 'were incapacitated by physical infirmities froml properly discharging their duties; for it 'would be unjust to single out as special objects of public obloquy two living prelates who might do precisely what had been done by other bishons in all periods of the church's history without incurring any stigisa or reproach. It 'was said there were other momhers of the episcopal bench who were in the same feeble state as these two prelates, and that they sbould all be included in the same measure. But if the Bishops of London and Durham were treated in the manner recommended by the opponents of this bill, what encouragement would there be for other prelates in a similar situation to follow their laudable example 9 If the House rejected this bill because they 'wished for something better, because they preferred a more general measure, or from any desire to embarrass the Goverunient, in his opinion those 'w-ho were menibera of the church of England 'would not display the loyalt.y and affection which became members of that church, nor wvould those who were not within her communion act justly towaords her. Mr. NAPIER said that, after having most anxiously considered the provisions of this bill, and.after having conferred with his excellent colleague, he had not been able to overcome his objections to the measure. He entirely concurred with the hon. member for the University of Oxford in sao quitting the noble lord (Lord Palinerston) and Her Majesty's Government of the slightest intention to make any bargai I on this subject. He (Mr. Napier) must say he felt g:atefu to the noble lord for the appointments he had made in the church, for he believed the noble lord had endeavoured to bestow his patronage upon good and faithful men. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Napier) could state-what was probably *unknown to many members of that House-that a proposition which was most honoiuable to the noble lord had been madc to a minister of the established church in Ireland simply on the ground of his merits. (Hear, hear.) But while he entirely acquitted Her Majesty's Government of any design of acquiring patronage in the proposal of this meaure, and -while he believed that the vacancies which would be created would be filled by men whose ippointments would be satisfactory to members of the church, he regarded the principle upon which the bill was founded as altogether unsound. Strong cases always made bad precedents, and the question the House 'was now called upon to consider was lwhether they could, in accordance with sound principles, give eff'ect to a measure founded upon the conditional resignation of two bishope; for, although the appointments made by the noble lord when the two sees were vacated might be entirely ia-isfactory to hrim (XMr. Wapier), otber Governments, entertaining different views, might avail themselves of the precedent in a manner which would be detrinmental to the interests of the church. He was not one of those who t}ought that the end could sanctify the means, and he aised the House seriously to consider whether the principle of this bill was right or wrong. If the House looked at the papers which had been laid upon the table, they would see it was impossible to say that this bill vas anything else than a measure to sanction the conditional resignation of two bishops. The noble lord (Lord Palmerston) in hIs reply to the Bishop of London, said- " I have to acks,owledge the communication of your wishes to resign your see on the conditions nsentioued by tou, and I ill take steps to carry your wishes into effect." He (Mfr. Napier) maintained that the principle of conditional resignation vasnot recognized by the church. Resignation must be pure, simple, and absolute. He would cite to the House authorities on this subject:- " A collateral condition may not be annexed to the resigration, no more than au ordinary may admit upon condition, &c. For the words of resignation have always been purea, spontis, isolts,et simplicittr, to exclude all indirect bargains, not only for money but for other considerations." -G'ibs. Cod. 821; .Btsiss's £cc. Lawr, vol. iii, 542. It was said, however, that this principle applied only to the irferior clergy; but were they to be told that the inferior grades of the clergy were to be bound by laws and principles which did not apply to those who discharged the sacred functions of bishops? The laww was founded on tie principle that those who accepted ecclesiastical offices were supposed to be influenced by pure and holy motives-by a desire to promote the spirituial welfare of their fellow-creatures, and that persons who found themselves unequal to the duties of such offices would feel it their duty to resign. But could thjs resignation take place upon conditions? It was distinctly laid down that a resignation ivas not good when there vas a condition attached to it. He found it stated in Godolpdhin, p. 277-8:- " The resignation is not good, and the condition void, because it is against the nature of a resignation, which must be aosout?_i ,pont/, pure; et simpliciter; a collateral condition caunot be annexed by the parties themselves ; also this is an act judicial to wvbich a condition cannot be annexed, no more than an ordinary may admit upon condition." A case occurred very recently, 'when the present Lord Chancpllor wvas one ot the puisne Barons of theoExchequer, in which two incumbents, haviDg arranged to exchange livings 'with the consent of the patron, an understaniding that no claim should be made for dilapidations became the question for the decision of the Court. The principle of resignations was then considered, and the Court came to the conclusion that no collateral conditions could be annexed to resignation. Lord Abinger said:- " It might be a very considerable question, whether if a contract for the exchange of livings were made in writing, vith an express declaration that neither party should sue the other for the dilapidations, it would not amount to a simoniacal contract, and so vvould be void." Baron Parke said :- "I cannot help concurring in the doubt t? at has been expressed by my lord, vhether it would be valid and binding. It appears to me to savour of simony." Baron Rolfo expressed the same opinion. "Upon the whole." he said,- " I entirey concur in the opinion 'which has been expressed, and particularly in the doubt intimated by my lord, whebther an agreement to 'wave the claim for dilapidations would have been a. valid ag-reement."1 If, then, a claim for dilapidations would invalidate a resignation in the case of a benefice, 'why should not an agreement to vacate a bishopric on the receipt of an annual income of 6,0001. or 4,50001.be equally invalid? This consideration bad operated so strongly upon those by 'whom the biLl was preparedP, that inthefirst copies, trosentd whon the 'was provided that from and raftDCer tohrellgan but ofSetmbr 1806, the sees of London and Durham should be vacant. An objection was taken to tla prvso onn4 cnsAtituational gr,ounds, and the bill3 was then' put into Its present Iorm the rabedeai that, "Whereas the Right Hon. and Right Rev Charles James Lord Bishop of London, and the Right R v. Eduward Lord Bishop of Durham, have severally represented to Her Majesty their inability, from their state of health, to discharge the duties of their office, and their desire on that accounit to vacato their respective sees," &c. Now. ought that provision to receive legislative sanction? There should be no fine-drawing in matters connected with the church, and if a clergyman who was desirous of exchanging his hivin, and -who attached conditions of the most simple and innocent character to the arrangement, was open to the eharge of simony, could it be said the stipulation of a bishop, that his resignation should be conditional on the receipt of a certain annuity, didnotsavour ofsimony also? He thoug'it it was evident that the framers of the bill had felt the diffi- culty they were placed in by the contract, which was clear upon the face of the correspondence to 'which he lhad referred. If the Bishops of London and Durham had come forward and said, "W We ara not able, with all the assistance which tLe present law aoffrds us, to discharge our duties ini a manner satisfactory to our own consciences, and we are, therefore, prepared t. resign our sees," he (Mr. Napier) would have been ready te 1 adopt the view suggested by the last speaker, that these were exceptional cases. He apprehended, however, that the resignations of the two bishops could not be received duly and cnonisally unless they were pure, simple, and absolute; and could he, or any hon. member, having in their hands thoe dorrespondene "which had taken place, ray that the yerguatiolng wFere ffred and accepted according to the spirit r ind intention'od the eecclesiasical lawl .(Hear,*lhear.}1 if ! hieresignatiiona bad-been porve, ai-mpi o1jboteX,,a 'mi. ii Iconditioniial-if the- Bishops of Lon,on- and Duriham had |aid that, infthipretnt state of th Lat th.e -usble. to'minke' stifcient 'provision for 'the. piiituil. supeintendenoeo o f their respective -, diocesenZ-if ihey h3ad placed their issiguation in-theihands of 1their metropolittnrin' aned left it to Partiament to ma ke for theum such provision a5it 1boughti fitting.he (kr. Nipier) wbuda,lihae readily suppoited the Governmnet in affording pensions to the ngh.t rev, relates iout of-the excess of iomvlie,h 'would remain from the reveiuss of their dioceses after dae provision had been mde for their accesiors. Heheldthe offices of bishops to be of: the hiI est-im rtance,- and be thought it was'the dcty of menbrsof that flouseven of those who were not mnembers of the church of England -to amaintain 'the sacred-oharacter of the bishops from'a regard for the general interests of religion and Christianity lf, however, thay gave effect by J Parliainentax bargain to .a pecuniary arruagement which violated the prmtiple non which the chureh had proceeded-namey, 'hatthe resijntion of office should be abesolute and unconditional,-he .thoughta serious blow-would be struck,-rot only at the pocition of bishops, butitattheogenral interestsof religion in this country. He might be told that there was only a choice of evili, hbut he'-foi on,e did not subscribe to the doctrine, that it - was lawful to do evil in order to accomplish good. -If the House assented to this bill it would be impossible to contend that the cases dealt -with by the measure were exceptional, but precedents would be established which might be acted upon hereafter with serious detriment to the interests of 'he church. What would be said if it was proposed to judges that'-they should esign po pensions the aimount of which was to be matter of bargain? Ho warned the House to be cautious in sanctioning the principle involved in this bill. His moin objection to the measure -was that the resignation to which it would give effect was conditional resignation. He maintained that such resignations *were wholly at variance with the spirit of the ecclesiastical law, and that law was fou-oded upon reasons the soundness of 'which all Chritians 'were ready to admit. HBe thought no one who considered thebill in connexion with the coerespondence that liad taken place could come to any other conclusion than that it would give effect to a conditiornal resignation, and, as lie could not reconcile it to his conscience to sanction such an arrangeruent., he felt it his duty to vote against the second read JDg. Mr. CARDW'ELL owned he did not feel, as many persons for whose opinions ho entertained the highest respec. appeared to do, those difficulties of principle to which hi. right hon. friend had referred. He cordially agreed wi-h the right hon. gentleman that they ought not to do ovil that good might come; and if this biU involved a siumoniacal principle he -si-oild say with the right hon. gantleman, " Iet it be rejected." At the same time he claimed the advantage of the right hon. gentleman's admission, that the object of the biUl was desirable and beneficial. (Hear, hear.) The bl was designed to accomplish two objectsthe first being, that two of the most populoua and isaportant dioceses of the kingdom should not be lefwithout that spiritual superintendence which was required by the law and constitution of the church. (Hear, hear.) It was most important that they should not, by leaving these dioceses under a superintendence which, by the admission of those who exercised it, was inadequate and inperfect, produce an impression upon 'he public mind of England that the office of a bishop -was not one of great practicalutility and importance, and that such an office might be practicaDy left void and vacant for a con siderable time -without involving any injury or mischief to the church. (Hear, hear.) The first great object was, then, to provide an efficient practical superintendence where, by the confession of the venerable prelates 'who filed the sees, no such superintendence at present existed. The second object of the bill was to economize materially he fitnds of the church, which stood greatly in need of that economy. By the operation of the bill, if he 'understood it correctly, the funds of the Ecclesiastical Commission would at once receive a large annual add;tion, whicht might be estimated at about 25 0001. [r. Gladstone intimated his dissent.] His right bon. friend I was onlylooking atthe amount which would goto thefunds ef the commission as surplus, but they must also take into their calculation the incomes to be paid to the bishops who were to preside over the two dioceses. They had been told ihat the income of the Bishop of London was about 20,0001. s-year. [Exclamations from two hon. gentlemen, of " 180001." and "22,0001.," occasioned considerable laughfilr He was told on one side that the income of the Bishop of London was 18,0001. and on the other that it was 22,0001, and he thought, therefore, he had adopted a fair medium in estimating it at 20,0001. ("Hear," and laughter.) He would, however, take the lowest amount, 18,0C0l., and if 6,OGOI. were reserved 12,0001v.would remain. fle wasinformed Ithat the annual income of the Bishop of Durham was 16,0001. [An hon. Member.-"14,0001."] (A lau-h ) WVelL taking itat 14,0001., and deducting 456001., 9,56801 would |remain, hich added to the 12,0001. from the diocess of London would give upwards of 21,0001. By passing this bill, then, they would gain two important objects. They would render available for the purposes of the church more than 20,0001. a-year, 'which would not be so available without this measure, and they would provide two of the most important dioceses of the country wvith effective spiritual superintendence. Nono, what were the objections which had been urged against the bills The objections urged to the bill were various, and, if well founded, highly important. One of thein was, that thi: was piecemeal legislation, and lhat there ought to have beer, a general instead of a separate measure. Now, the revenues of these two bishoprics were not held as the revenues of the other bishoprics were. Those ofthe Pee of London were notregulated, that was to say, they did not fall under the operationof those acts which regulated the financiho proceedigs of the Ecclesiastical Commission. TIhe diocess of I Durham, though falling wvithin the rules adopted whea that commussion was first established, was practically an analogous case, as the revenues received by the Bishnp of Dirham. werefar greaterthan what were nowcontemplated as the proper revenues of a bishop. In these circumstances, even if they had a genieral bill before them, they would have tt deal wits tbese two bishoprics in a manner dis'inc-. from the other dioceses of the country, and that was an argument which ought to have weighit with them in disposing of this part of the case. (ifear, hear.) It was again said that the bill had been brought in &.t oo late a period of the session to enable them to consider it vith deliberation. That was no doubt a difficulty Nwith which they had to deal, but it did not, in his judgment, c3n.stitute a sufficient argument for the rejection of the measuire. (He ir. hear.) The next objection was, indeed, a grave one if w-U founded. The right hon. gentleman oppusite (Mr. Nipier) objected that the provisions of the bill constituted what, ia his mind, amounted to the sin aud guilt of simony-th it wasto say, he regarded it as sanctioning sironiacal contra.-ts. (Hear, hear.) This raised the question, were they simoniaral transactions or not ? and on tnat question ho joined issue with his right hon. friend. It was necessary before de -d ing whether a contract was simoniacal or not to know wha t simony was. Simony was of two kinds. There wVas the sin of sienony committed by Simon Mages, and there was the offence against which the statute of Elizabeth was level!e-I in this country; but except that they wrent by the same namie there was no actual or intrinsic conne.xion between thlem. If they looked into the pages of Coh:e or Btmai-stlon, they would fiud that the offence of simony consisted in procurng or purchasing a license to preach, or some spiritapl profit, by money or corrupt practices. That had been made a Parliamentary offence; but it was not 2nat2m. in se-au offence with regard to which the Legislature had no dispensing powers. (Hear.) It was meatnmpi'ohsibUituc, which being created by an act of Parliament, an act of Parliament could also remove; and therefore a contract openly made and sanctioned by the three estates of the realm could not, within the meaning of the word in the second sense, be a simooniacal contract or engagement. (Hear, hear.) If it Iwas not siniony in a moral sense-if there was no inherent breach of moral duty in this engagenient-neither could there be any offence in making it in the manner in which it was made,-the whole troth having been stated to Parliament, and the whole arrangement ratified by Parliament. (Hear.) The right hon. gentleman had objected in certain parts to the wording of the bill, but he thought rhese were points which there would be no difficulty in arranging in committee. The next objection was one that in the popular mind was most likely to have great weight in creating opposition to the bill. It was said the retiring allowances were excessive, and that it was not right to sanctioii so heavy a charge on the funds of the chirch. In answer to that objection, he would say that they were in aisci'isCri'ordia-they coild only get what those who were by law entitled to these revenues, chose to surrender. (Hear, hear.) If that wvas the case, then came the question whether tupon the -whole it was a wise and judicious arransement for them to accept? (Hear.) Coupled, however, with this consideration, that they wvould have an opportunity in comxnittee, if they thought fit, to alter the amount; for though it miglht :iot be obligatory on the prelates to accept the offered sums, still it would be an expression of the feeling and determination of Parliament, and would be an invitation to theni to fall in with the vievs of Parliament on the subject. (Hear.He would say, in conclusion, that he did not regard the objections msade to the bill as tenable. and that if they rejected it on the second reading, they would l.ay themselves open to the chargo of haviag neglected the opportun tity which presented itself o' securing a practical and eflicient administration of two of the most important dioceses in the church of England. (Hear, Ihear.) Mr. ROEBUCK wished to say a very few words on this subject. He held that thes bill before the House was in- tended to perpetrate a great scandaL He held that the bishops of this land ought to be the conservators of the public morality; that as Christian bishops they should adhere to the Christian law; and that by breaking through that law they set a very bad example to the country at large (hea,b hear); while by availing themselves, aS they were about to do, of an act of Parliamnent in order to parpe rate that breach of the law, they had thereby added to the scandal which their own conduct had of itself created. (Hear, hear.) The preamble of the bill was not in ac- cordance with the facts. What were the facts? That two I gentlemen who woere bishops, liaving enjoyed the revenues of the two richest bishoprics in England for many years, had become so impotent from disease and age that they were unable to perform the duties of their office, and that this being their condition they came to Parliament and said, "If yoa buy us off wo ara villing to go." (Hear, hear.) A right hon. gentleman had told the House thiat theywere ieeeiisericordid m with reference to the conditions they had to make. They were ins siscri6ordiemn to this extent-that these two old gentlemen were in possession of large reienues. ["Hear, hear I" from Mr. Cardwell.3 He did not denvytbat tbey had those large revenues, though he was sorry they did. -They had; ungqestionably, leg'l posseasion of the revenues,:and, finding that they were inable to fulfil the duties of their office, they came toParlia- ment withthis condition-" We can by lawv hold what wehave got, and we will hold it unless you make us an advantageous offer." ([ear, hear.) lNow, the right hon. ge2tleman said tsis oa not simony. He was not there to say it was simony, bat without hesitation he would say it was a cornzpt eontraet, And thereby an offence against the ecelesistilcal lwt. (Pear, bear.) Thncaslesiastical law bad deter mined long-ago thaeorsupti esr ut of iuig-al ;waa an :elesoftical ouffence :Itraa y oliaaia-. clee) s c enoethtsi bishope-thes t f,nservator of pI bbe muiti-ere g~oing fo' co'mmit ii oskiig g-ipt,iC for.their rreltirerent fHIear, liesr 'They aakedFaarnient So tyeers-oayi thonsands-a.y,eadincoudatsoa tha iete gtvtii;,, p -they--were rend g toforego ii- revenees the ot th (HIear--hess.) -This-'a- his' firat bje.Ason eb-bhe,<;Shi; these bishops were t-agParhumt nt to --e he perpetraors, along-awith tBeing elves ofa i at candale ' (Heh.) lais neat objectien~wis.that the-bill was is outrage upon tEhe people of this-counr.ty. t(Rear.)- WEfst as the cao of -these men-?-- That for myea tieyn d enj iy. .conles;- Theiioile lord at-the heaiof-thee Governnsi'ieaId. lm night that the -Bishop of i os dniF ilto-ay. ip -forhiznseif treasures n earth, aud.nder ber in-ere,ofP riam~entary language lhe added,, thtb theu bisbop-iacl sought rather to lay up treeh l utbere.i (hoead hear.) iBeing amderthwe tnkence ofsth-acsiaonofn ireiniIes the sobee lord cwln-!ot mention Heaven p it- t-m e: artineamf. Commons, but spoke of.itas *'anothheewold hLaughtero : Those bishops had enjoyed prioeiy ino lumes for ears. Ir they aNd been- rectors who by age orn infirmitmwerjs udable to tperform theirl dutoe dothey wobti have- been told at onceto relinquish the- ofices 4they oheld; (YNo no iP) Hebiggedsnlardon,ebrtitwouldr eieiund that i-f i rector wisedo retire he hadno chir ond-any one laud conld nte asklfor roney. (year, hear.) But t bishop ,id. whe aid, "Iam impotent and unable to dischargetmyduties. but the law allors me to b eap Posseseion-of lhe revenues a the see, and I won'taquit-iinlesa yon pay eane 3crtiin annsu" If . rector made that steament he would hane thrown athe -his head: he knew noti howl ruiny large volumes to ahoir that it oas an -ecclesiasticalroffence. (R)ear.) Te rector being apoor man,- nothing -would be done for him, and he 'woufdbe sent into the orld to do thebesthe.could: but 1for the bishos a soft cushion was asade to repose uwhnone- receid-ing 6f00mth and- another 4.die. a-year. (ear hear.) Nowr, the greater part of the bishops of this contr;enjoyed but 6,0001. a-yer. [An hon. Hember.-"~4,20hi.';] He was toJ d it was 4,2001. andunot 6,000L Shere was alvayse so much doubt antd uncertainty abont bishops' incomes i Chat house that no wonder be whho did noteknow i mucu - about bdihops should be in error (A laugh.) But, d inthe rate itrappeard thav the retiring pensions of thesestwo farasit hasocould not perforh their dsises -were largerthan the incomes ailotted by oct of Parliatent to bishops who wecre able to discharge their dutties. (tIear, hear.) The: hole thing k irom beginning to end oas a soandEiEand a shame, and as such he hoped it vould be branded by the House. (Fear, hear.) 31r. BLACf supported the bill. He thought there wa.s nothing unreasonable in the bishops asking a pension when they retired from tas- discharge of their duties. There cii no immorality in such an act. Oh the contrar. theire wrs good morality in proposing to take steps for having the respective sees proeerly attended to. The sum mightb e thought iarge, but the earor lay in habyng the iccomes so large at first. If the bil passed it would pecuniarily be an advant.age to the country. (Hear, hear.) Sir J. GtheAAven-I can assure yor, Sir, that before I camsedown to this house I had considerable difficulty is deciding what it w.ould be my duty to do on the second reading of this hill, and the discussiohn, as far as it has proceeded, has not served ti abate those difeculties. At the outset of wvrha' I ant about to say I think it right to relieve myself from sonpe impatations that may possibly be cast on the free expression of the opinions bhich I shey l think it my duty to offer to the Hotse. In the first place, it wvill be at most utnnecessar for me to scy that I venerate the position in the church of the two prelates wvhose cases have been brought before us by this bilL For mnarny years I havehad the honour of their friendship inI privaLe life, and I highly esteem and sincerely reg,ard them. (Rear, hear.) The hon. member for Pontefract laid, there foere variou motives by vlhich hoa. members opposing this bill might be actuated, and, among others which he named he said, there might be a desire in some quarters to unite in rejeoting the bil in order to embarrass the Government. Nt o, Sir, I can conceive wth prostitution of pub'ic duty more base than that-of discussing a question of this kind ubnder the iudueuce of suce improper motives. (Rear.) I do not think that onany side of the hose, in discussing a question of this kind, such in dinences will prevail, and on my part I moost distinctly discLaim them. (Eear, hear.) I quite concur in -what has been said on both sides of the house that, esen without evidence, it wvould be unweorthy to suppose that soy noble friend at the head of the Government was actunated in tbi matter by any lust of patronage. (Rear, hear.t On the contrary, I believe that, filling the high osicion he does on the first adviser of Her Majesty with respect to the districh-. tion of church patronage, it is to himn one of the :nost dificult as itis one of the aost sacred of duties, and s do not helieve he desiresfor one moment to m eltinly the occasi on on which he is called to exercise it; ado the corraspondence which I now hold i it it proves nothing else, at leant distinctly proves that this matter did nof originate wasinoh the nobe lord. (liear, hear,) I hope therfree that having stated thie much, I shall be -hquich ed by the House of being actuatedbyanyimproper motives. (nd ear, hear.) Agbaie* am hound also to adtet-what I think waS stated by the hon. baronet, the member for O.xford Universitythat wre shall be involved in great difficult in the decision at phi,ch we must trrive. Onr decision, whcatever it may be will not be without serious evils. w e have before us the admitted fct that to o of the most important dioceses in England are at present occupied by prelartes who declare themselves no limger able to uisfil the duties of the episcopate- grave ad.mission, invohving the meost serious considerations with referen ce to the welfare oft'le church;- and it is owy byhbalancing that evil against the evils -hich appear to me to be inherent in this measure that I ant wthing, en the wmholen to incur the former for a limited pined ratiher than give my assent to the second reading of a biL which see ns to ievolve principles novel, dangerous and, as I think, most un;wise to adopt. (wear, hear.) I have said that the progress of the debate has not diminished the dif{iculties which I experience on the present occasion. Mi- hon. friend the member for Ponte£ract thought that the circunistance-which he frankly admitted -t; this being an.l exceptional case, and offered iu suoch, might be same rehlef to the doubt which I entertain with reference to the priinciples ihberet in the biiL Now, it is precisely because this is b n exceptional case, and becaTse an exceptional case of this kind, wher based onerroneous principles, leads to the most fatal consequences, that I reupaid this measare with peculiar jealousy. (Irear, hear.) It is not possible to consider this bill apart from the correspondence whxeh has taken place. And what is the nature if that correspondence? It is quite clear that bo-h the prelates, in making their proposals to the Government, did feel that there wzas a legal obstacle icc limusiC to their retirement, They both use the same expressiontoIf allo ed by lac ,"-clearly feeling that the law to which so many aluhsions haye been made in the course of this discussion-the law of shpony-wds, as theyunderstood it, a preliminarn objection. I do not wish to enter into the question, w hat is simony9 more than n is possible to avoid it, involving as it does considerati cns of the most serious and solemn kind. But the question has been mooted, and we are bound to dire--t our attention to it. Trhe religious offence of simony, as it has been transmitted to us, was an attempt to putrchase by money spiritu7al gifts. The lawV of this countr partakes of another character, It goes much further, and, if I v;ere obliged to express an opinion upon it, this transaction is rather the. converseof theoreligious offence-it is an offer in the nature of a money bargain to sell exalted statiotns in the church connected writh the highestspirisualfunctions. (loear, hear,) Iedonotetretend to legal accuracy; hot whatin common f arlanceimay le said to be the defintition of simony by the liaw of England 7 I say it ise e the purchas te sale of the avoidance of a epiritual,cure rora oney consideration, stipulated to be paid uponetheavoidance. (leasr hear,) ThatI beieve, apartfrom techncalities, to be the definition of simony. Apply that definitcion to the correspondesico before us, and I must sa.y that I cannot bring my mdid honestly to any other con- lusion th ha tat thi transaction is of a simoniacal character. (HIega, hear.) The hOn, and learned member forDublin liiversdty has cited an opinion which, considerino the ea-ated station of the person from whor it emanated, I feel iS entitled tothe gravest attention-vizs, that theheadsof the church are not atmenable t the lal whicb frbids these simoniacal transactions. I cannot for one moment entertain the policy, notwithstaudingthe eminence of the authority in question, that such an interpretation of the law can be correct It points to a state of things so morally v, rong thbat I hop)e and believe the opinion may be erroneous. If there be nit error in at, then I am sure the law ought to be reconsidered with the least possible delay. (EIear, hear.) For uhat will be the position of the parochial clergy? A recto4r or v^icar holme down -with a-ge and infirmvity-perhaps with hard work-anbxious for the spiritual wat elfare of his c on qregation, feeling6 th at he c=an nAo l on ger perform hismimasterial duties. would bemostanaious net tohaveacorateA -th^at is a ve.-y imperf;ect remnedy-but to void his living. provided he could make some pecamisry arrsngemenAtwithhis - successor. Bet he is prohibited by leavr from making any such arrangement; and what will he say.,-what will the -whole body of the parochial clergy say-if they are to remain amenable to this law, and at the s.^.me time to he told that the heads of the church-their great exemplars and ruler s-are not subject to any such enactment or restriction?, (Hear, hear.) This bill uapon other groAunds -will, I am afraid, not be very popular among the parochi,al clergy; hut if you suuperadd to the large drain -which this me,asure makes upon the~ common fund legnally availuble for the spiritual. wants of the people and for the augmentation of the smnaller livings the declaration that the heads of t.he church are those alone o0 tb clerical body not amenable to t-be law of siniony you 1, T think, excite among the pLrochial clergy the mo.s bitter and angry feelings against those who are their ove'rlookers, their guides, and advisers. (Hear.) It has been said somewhere that to constitute a smoniacil transaction in the words of the statute it must be "corruptly" donw, NTow, the law has been interpreted in our courts. This - is no new mnatter. The interpretation.--withi referene to simony, or what is done corruptly, stands upon the highest authority. I may read it shortly to the Honse, quoting from a note published by 1 r. Christian in his edition of Blac2stone wi.h reference to a most- important decision upon this very point. Thenote says:- . - "Any resignation or exchange for money is corrpt, however apparentlY fair the transaction; as when-a father wishing that his son in orders should he employed-in the - dutie of-his profession, agreed to secure-by abondthe p%y. ment of an annuity exactly equal tothe annalproduce of a benefice, in eonsideration. of tbh inccurbent resi ning in favour of his son. The auityleingafterw ards ma rrearr the bond was put in suit-aua d-the defeiadaultpleaded tie simoimacal resgnation in -bar;- Lord -Mimsfeld And the Court, though they declared that it was an unconscientionf. defence,,yet, as the resignation had -bee i iide formoney, determined that it was; orrupt ana simonincal, and-that in consequence the bond was-void.". t - -y: lHear, hear.) -Ido nob think, thheT5ore, tba. an-v reliancs' can- be placed upon-ths t **r "ord"ornitl" in th ie ac~t which constitutex _irnonJ (Rear, - hear.) --But it -s sad -htthis tis a ies asure limited infits operation,ad that,- thatereore,-ie may he adopted mnoreeasily and aath less appre-|
PARLIAMENTARY IVOTCES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. TuRtP.5. JTmv 24A ORDER8M OF TIEE DAY. At 12 o'clock. Bishops of london and Durham Retiremeent Bill.-Committee. Metropolis l ocalM Mna2ernent Act Anendament (No. 2) Bill,-Consideration of lords' amendments. Stoke Pogez Hl-pital Ild-As amended, to be cousidered. ORDseS OF THE DAY. At the Evening Sitting. Evidentce in Foreign Suits Bin.-Committee. Sheep. &c.. Contacious Diteases Prevention Bi'd,-Committee. Courts of Commnon LAw (Ireland) BilU,-Consideration, of Lords' amendments. Nuisances Removal, e (Scotland) (No. 2) Bill,- ConsideraUton of Lords' a.nendmnenta. Ray and Straw Trade Bill, -As amended, to be consid-ed. Fecnoation, &e., of Parishes Bill,-- Consideration of Lord's amendments. Smokne Nuisance Abatement (Metr.polia) Act, 1853, Amendment BiU,-Consideration of Lords' amenidment. SontCEs OF5 atOrTON's. At the Evening Sitting. Mr. Rirk,-To ask the Chief Secretary for Ireland whether the report of the Commissioners of Endowed Schoo!s (Ireland) is ready, or nearly so: if so. when, it is ILkely to be published. and whether he is aware that itis r.nxiouslylouked for in toe North of .reland. ColonelNor.b,-Torack if therr will be anyobjectionto lsyontbe table a copy of the report on the proving of the gun mansufactured by the Mersey Steel aPnd Irna Company, tried on the 2-2d and 23d of May, on tha north shrre near liverpool, and wbat is preposed to be done with tlhefr."'Mur oub-To ask wlvetber the Government are prepared to adopt any and what meana for the preveution of the asmed interference of France in the internal affairs of Spain. bir. Gr.gan,-To nsk whetherany minute has been made by the Governor-General of lndia recognizing delegatesfromthe see of Itome. under the style and title of Vicar. At,otolic, us the official channels of communicationi with the Government in matters connected with tho Eoman Catholic Church. and admitting the proprietycoifaddressing the aforesidl Vicsa-. Apositolic in official communications according to the ecclesiastical rank and position bestowed upon them by the Pope. WhetUher the Reman Catholic bishlbs- at e.ch seat of government sro to be allowed a certain salary to enable them to send returas, and to correspord with the Government. Whether aRoman Catholic priest, with a tixe.l sal-ry, is to be allowed at every station shere there may be British born Roman Catholics, although there be nO Eurepean regsiment stationed there. Whether the Roman Catholic priests are to be altowed to receive medical atteadauceand medicouescre-titowelyineertaincases. Whether grants are to In giveni in aid of building RomAan C-atholic chatpels And whether, although the Gos-ermnenit orpbanages are open to Roman Catholic children as to all others, a snce equal to the cost of maintaining each child i3 to be paid to Roman Catholic orphanages into which such child st al be received. Colonel Herbert.-To ask whether the Government have come to a decision to reduce the present eftablshnment of cavalry reg!ments. and whethier Gto,,ernient intend to supply teheniltary force~sat the Cape of oeod Hope wih an equinpment of mule litters for the conveyance of sick and wounded. Mr. Roebuck,-That Mr. James Sadleir, having absconded from public)irsticeb expelled this House. SitJames Dul:e,-Address fer copies or extracts of corre3pondence with the Colonial-oflice respecting a grant made by the Crown to raise and take away guano Irom the Islancds of Jibleea, Huskie, and Ghssrzoad, on the South Coast of Arabia, and of the licence under whirli the grant has beeLr made. lord Nass,-Addrew for returns of the aggcrgate number of recruits who have entered the Engli,h. Scotch, and Irish Militia, respectively; of tbs number who have entered each militia regiment in thethe forces: and of the number of voluDteers to the line from each regiment of militia in the three forces, and by the regiments of the line, and in what proportions these voluntees bave been received. Mr. Kinnaird,-That, in the opinion of this House. it is not expedieLt that any person in the service of the Crown shall henceforward give, cr nuthorae to be given, to any member of this House any remeuceration for profe siosal or other services rendered to the Governnent in relation to any bilU orproceedings in Parlisment. Mr. Schclefield,-Returns of the highest and lowest rate of interest clharged by the Bank of Baglandon a]ll lons or disountsin each month from the ate of the lest return to the latest period to which it ean be made up, distinguishing loans on security of real estate, loans on stock or public securities. and the discount of comimercial paper, of the several rates at which the Bank of England has advanced money on loan or discnt, with the date a.t which such rate has been eutabeishee, sond the priodduring wvhich inhasirevailed, and the amount of money advcan :ea umder each rate, fromu thre lst of Janluary, 1848, to theIrt of Jub-, 18o5: and, tohulur return of the maxinmm sad minimum rates of interest charged by the Bank of England for each quarter in each 1ear since 1848, nd also wbether any commnission is chargedbhythe omatch bank3s in addition to the rate of interest, and w;hat cocamis'iorr, hlrl. S^hole)ie'd,-Beturn of accommts of the notes, securities, bullion, hEw, of the Bank of Eregland, us published wseekly in the Ga^zette, according to the act of the 7th aud Sth o, VIctoria. chap. 32; An2d of the monthly average aggregate amnount of pr misr notes payable to hearer on denmd iin circau. ation in the united ingdom, distinguishing those circulated by the 1Banks of England and Ireland, and by private and joint-stock banksm in England. 8wtoland, and Ireland, together with the bullion in the Bank of E-ugland up to the present time. Isir. Berkeley.-Copy of the correspondence between the Poor Law Eno-el and the guardians of the poor for the city of Bristol on the subject of the death ot Eliza Cstaingford. Mrl. John Ball,-Address for copies or extrActs of any despatcbes from the SBeretar, of Slate for the Colonies to the Governor-General of Canada, cr the Lieutenanit-overnors if Nova Scotia, New Brrusnwick, and Prince Edward Island, on the military establishment to be maintained in those colories. of a later date then the despatch of Earl Grey to the EarI of Elginof the 14th day of March, l85l, of the report of the commissionern appointed by letiers Patent under tie great seal of the province of Cansada~ dt-ed the 27lh day of October, 1804 to investigate and repcrt upon th . best means Of reoarienzting the Imiitta of Canada, and providing an efficient and ecoi.omical system of public defence, andtoreportuponanimprovedsystemof police forthebetter preservation of the public peace:,and, of any act or acts passed by the I'arliament of Canada, in pursuance of this recommendation. r. Grey,-Rteturns showing the amounst of money expended for n-aintenanet a 0ndout-donor relief In u^nions, &c.. under the Poor Low mendent ct i Engand nd Wles,during the half-years ended Lady day 1836 and Lady-day 1868, respectively, and other parti- ir. J. Greene.-Returns of the revenues derived from lands by the archbisbops and bishops of Ireland. distingoishibg the amount received from rents and the amount received from fines, and the gross and net amounts; the number of acres of land from which the rents and fines re derived, the average value per acre of those lands, and total value, &c. iSle. Locke Kirg.-Retursr showing the total number of acres perebasied by the natic-n at AlderBbhotit, ad the total cost of the land so purchased; the cost of the huts and other buildings in each year, in det3il, and of any other expense connected with the pernanent ostablisument of the camp: the total number of troops stationed at Aldershott in each year, distinguishing cavalry, artillery, engineers, infantry, militia, and ioreign legion; the nomber of tbe reviews at Aldersho-t in each year, and the days on which they were held; the quantity of ammunition expended at each review; the quantity of ammunition exrpnded in exyeriments in each year; the total quantity of ammunition expsnded is each year; and the amount pad for feod and forage and for the t-oops in each year. Mr. Butt,-That a message be rent to the Lords, requesting them to ccmmuninate to this House the papers respecting the conduct of the Ameer Ali Morad, presented to that House pursuant to their oudtrof the 29th of March, 1852. 31r. Butt,-Copies of any despatches addressed to the GovernorGeneral of India, in reply to the despatch of Lord Dalhousie, dated the 27th day of bebruary, 1^SI, on the subject of the confiscation of the territories of the Ameer Ali Morad. Of aU correspondence that has passed between IAs Richness 3leer All sborad and the authorities of India on the subject of that confiscation, suabtequent to the Proclamation of the lgth of January. 1851; of any correspondesce that hs3 taken place betv-een lIeer Ati Morad and the authorities in India relative to his intended visit to England; of the depositions or other information on the elaimn oftAli Morsd, recorded by Captain Pope on the occasion of his visit to hRbyspoor in August, 1,Il as stated by Captain Pope in hi letter to F. Trbomason, sq., Secretary to the Government nt Inidia, dated Suhkur, October2 4, 18an th ,of all corresPondence between the, magistratte of Salrkur and the Government of Scinde between the years 1843 and 1845, or during dnring theesame period between the Gove'-menn of Scinde andlthat off India, respecting the withholding from - 5ecr Alt M a nd of the pengunnahs o Meerpoor, Mahtela. aud Meherkes, and of any correspondence between the eame parties relative to their restitution to him in 181 5; of the p reclamation of blr. Commissioner Freere, dated the 18th of January, 1852, conlibscating the territoriestof the Areer AiiMorad ; and, return of the several penugonunhs and districts confiscated by this proclamation, and of the ross reveuue received by the Indian Government fronn each of 'tho2e aistsicts, in each of the years since the date of the prtclamation. lr. IV. Williaats,-On consideration of Eay and Strawv Trade Bill, as amended, to move a clause.
DB. RAE AND THE ARCTIC EXPEDITIONS. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir, -As very few parsons are in possession of Dr. Rae's official despatch describing his last Arctic journey, Ithink it highly desirable to let the public know through your columns the authority that Lord Wrottesley bad for criticizing Dr. Rae's conduct and extraordinas-s apat-hy. r. Rae says that it was not until the end of May that he received informsation on the point that hewas at one time wvithin DO miles of the locality where the Esquiinau stated the dead bodies of our countryen had been found. NTow, in hisffcial despatch hewrites under thne date of April "Ve were met by a very intelligent Esquimaux. This man Mas very communicative, and, on pUtting to him the usual questions as to his havinF seen white men before, or any ships or hosts, he replied an the negative, hut said that a party of Kabloomans had died of starvation a long distance to the wsest of where we then were, and beyond a large river. The substance of the information th7en and subsequently obtained from various sources was to the fol' lowing effect." Dr. Rae then proceeds to narrate the catastrophe, and that there may be no doubt as to his having learned the intelligence thus early, he says, in a subsequent part of his despatch, under date of May 21:- "It was from this time until August that I had oppor. tunities of questioning the Esquimau= regarding the information I had already obtained of the party of Vhites who had perished of starvation." It would be easy to add niore to prove, by Dr. Rae's despatches and track chart, that he was in possession of the above information when he was, as Lord Wrottesley justly said, within 50 miles of the spot where the reported catastrophe occurred; buit the foregoing extracts are abundantly ufficient to enable the public.to form an equitable judgment respecting Dr. It.Ws lame attempt to justify him- F. T - S::i- ---rn M ervant. VkRITAS,. July 23.
POSTAGE STAMPS. TO THE EDITOI OF THE TIMES. Sir,-We think tl:e aid of your powerful pean is required to ascereain the reason why, for four or five weeks, the Post-office and the Stampoffice have been without 4 uand ls. adhesive stamps; and at neither pLace can we gapm any information as to when they are liklely to have a supply. The matter is of some importance, as on foreign letters an edditional poage stamnp wil sometimes cause them to wveigh above the 40z., and the ne,xt rate of postage is then I chargea. We remann Sir:n. obedient servants. Bs. b3 , AND I'. I
XTEN7EZ13LAK.FOREIGN 'IIEBkT-Te corn rleofSpowsh AsirulsBeedhldere request a MESETING of the HDldas of YeeAezuelau Beads onlrdayznext; the 25th Int., at ithe Loadon Tavern,. at 2 O'ctock. n, Austinfriars. July"4. 11d. ALIThED GODFREY, sea.- N.B.-Oop!ea of tbe Report to be trtinted at the Meeting wli ha ieay fogL tae bondholders at the Committees offce To-morow L(Friday). rPHE CORPORKTION of the CLITY Of TO.RONJTO JL(thecatsital of:WesternorU PerCanada) rponora byvlrtje of Acts of theF lliamenetof tho Proeie of Canada, 12th of, Vicowr a; fbapter S1, and 1bIb of Vlctosna&chspter 219. C013fi med bv by-la"s of the Clommon Council of the ass city', for this purpoLe, dul passed on thei2thMay., 15,sWeald with theasealof the Corpsoratios,andesgned by the Maorand ChamberIlai,. to RAISE thp SUW of £110,000 ink stirliug moniey, in debentures of £100 to £l.fM0 each, I;earse interest atthe rate ofX6 percent. Per aLnnum, paxyable on 1st April and lat October in each YeLr. The eapital to De repaid in 20 Years in sterling mnoney. The accruing interest half-yearly sad, the capital, when due, ar rspctvey s~abe t hebakig-hu of Measra uastrman, Feters,and.Co., Nicholas-lane. Loudon. 'This momey lrequlrodlforthe oDnstruetton of an ccplanade in front of the city.as well asfor other general improvemaents, The etty oE Toronto is one of the most thriving on the wester continent, and its resources ame very lare and increasing. The property owned bythe Corporation Is Talued at thi3t moment at £883,000:- bezideg this £883,00. which iis liable for the paymeint of its debts, the whole,3rpetof the city is subject to be asoesed for this purpose. Tvueo %sproperty cannot Weleoe then £8,000,001 sterling. For the payment of interet audito provide for the repayment of the capital of their whole debt. which wBIl (Including this £1ll90101 ameunt to'£C403, 3IM 4, Id., an 110sesset is Made every year for the Pay7seent of interest, sudsa further sunm, equivalenit to 1-20thl of the principal, is alto raised to form a fund for the liqusidation thereof. T.he population of the city, which has double within the lest sIx S ears. is notaobove 00,000. and it isilnot unreasonable to asoumnethat, as Ithe Northern and Great Western Railways are now complete andrzunning to and from this. city, when thE Grand Triusik in fully completed opening up nearly 1,00 mifles of railway oTer the country in connexion writh this city, and which will he the case within a few year, the pons lation will incresse in a stilt greater ratio. Capitalists are invite to subscribe for these debentures,at the rate n;i £100percent, They will be issued in debentures of £100, £250, £200, or £1,000 each, for which puroseappicaionist bemod toMesrs.it.and J. Sutton, at their NGles 2- Royal Exchange,Juy 86 thke. toaiberao Tooto. ADAM RITORI AForE.-htslMnr.. MI1Fyeum.Thetre.-Mn adamealeTORat z~Te comaluio-ofne Satrda nextorw Fidy July 2 5. il heDprsete Dlonizayttly'S Moprano DON Peroranc8e). PN eoormai, ndite. pcotoint(er Scotel apGIo. Itmnighthaotchlarater) Ersort', Signormne CaiscelaronD. Applateoste Sitor boesiti and Dols a b nPasae, to or. Prsonsat. toe boxoufce ofithe theatnew balret, entithedlE Cr oohaniR, with new scndery, dresses, and decrain. Hamonrd, or. Ronhapelrani ed, iir. ODavty; Yondssret 0 r. Seafra; BSbato jmsL VadisStAe Cdamer, Blara liaudC. ndMsr. Jd.Lnrux;lGienaned Cdl. Rogeth; eedobra, adame, Streatdi aoend ' top%era,Xt Tanurd Prllbe, reetdC rtwt o heapi last apernce La f Mdlet buagner.-Upplecatio Mnsgfortbofes tals, an AJll ycer, mrTHeatr-M adgh.Mer. MOriv a Mr.i orrncluson ofther eng.agmn ballt Liverpoolmand eanthitled, and pLWReiu toR her depostuc fon Parich,Rwit WrgiheFOUR peaddtoalPRORAC viz EV21NG(Turdmoco-orow (Friday. uy2) .EE. uandJuon2Slitoertog. Perfotmanen.gPmgdo TolkoDe,adtes poetit comed ITGELTHi FeGs-Tun. WenesdayM. HTule 10 R asmuedo. And Frid pe,daugut; Pran Fsabda mn, and. I. Grret' Fiorlat, beiSwng most pOiivelyth last nigh Olie Mariam , Missf pr formiance Afto easn Appicatieons anr boxes and stalls maynhemade -tto MTr.amu CAPTItES.box-ofic ofhti the th Atre: br t M. Mineel wb r. thookhemow Messs mhdancirewe Miersa, Ebens,, mHammondere, Mr. t. happeunr,and Cor. anylivir Bon-steet-r. To ms,hith Jaml b s-sdd eet; MssrUG Cramer,MBoate wodc Cr. Bcatndnessrs. Muissenlandb Co., vregentstre tet;hara Bte Sated;edtmess Witei1E ti r ANdS .rOwe, Cheapsidme, yfec Lov wl and peast ed figt rbthOe seUnde thte,z Mondayemext, of resss .1ted Tvery avndiP. duingsbythe S week.MERL AN IEBICEC FNTEDAML P T~E. uc Tocolt wich, anballet UI dHveTiseet C nitedTARLOMSGRLO MEATRE ROYAL, 1AMRE.TI day ba;ut Tw fthe Peenng tsf koggeente' omedb y of Ft.Nigt Rogrtstes Fa.land Mr.s. Barrey; Wipllam,th OriisSan Iihsre Ova,d anYrliante ballTet screomisng taentitl ed THE CATiVb,l or, Ah Pereso Coenas, Mne Perezoo Le, and thiruhiaed Cusompan with aopetry, Tovwhic wveill brecadded, ToR.ht byHE Aik andh inke whc r ijtaoeand Momrob h lissgBlache ans wilt B usVe n ther chr. c- tyem. . WithgtHer POSIAN' Wr NOCK3f . The nord mw comdyhofaSecnd Lovei-alme perfested, Witr the sueondtieoME A, on r.onAy nex el and- pheLaydofTf WolTER'S TALEa, Plrecde byigthe nre farce J. olne; lautises, Mr. P andfors., OrpbeuWillim s, theOrgnle Irso and Jsn ls Wyandeeham.-Theorglan scresigtagdofmi deg ormi A Libel on THE Ladyof Clchi, Bon toGoodLuck an The. Customs ofth andvhc To-moaterob The wFlysingucmnLr -deser.M,W-ht IMadry Cenn t." To c ththeburuse wi O TOf GOEDAorA LU bel ond thafertLsly ofBarneyiWilliaes, Mr. wright Che', Mrl .g BFlamnd; G'lancenr.P edodgOpeunMss5.Kely and daason, rMissig CUSTOS OFTHER COUNETRY. eiSs THArs.BmyWIl 'Rfet,Mx.Bre illePiams,mint.which he woailrn 'nun O'Flnnign," nd dnceandyExtahNigh. TEE RATTLEOF THE ~ i honour oftheoreturen ofth 200 Ight, an whoattstthi patiotcelgt b yudafeinishut ef appinusexta,Nght ~ADLER'a-WLast Niht f urezWee oforog aao AndEErs-rwdG (hoursesy every nightf b teroMAGI and th MYSTEY. Pograme enirelynew.The attnd nidrie, owingo S URRE THEARURY-PrfANorAN RSNi MAICad aYTER,ona Mondls Oeay,Ags. ,ben i faeelaoLndoin, ietmMsr...H tal n .Knnuy THS VEI[G.EUBALA:LuhyEcot.AlrsDyr Mesm eny aib,Duan , Borst , &. bUtdvrseet LA. a 4Ps,' L TEATE _OYL _HYMRKT anesi denwbllet pantlomime-caedam RoEsAPTI, B r Night n theAlba Grand Extera Nhight. HGE TidE THI cocueVENithGH r(ThrAsy. ul 24 wlNbO peenedVrd. SignorBa then;Man Germ nt Grto. Sinr Bevutu. Alters Kan THic ilb repeated theentrel new ballet.n entled LE CeRtitled ihnwenr.dess andIC dcor Satios,pConad,la Md,lle. Lisereux Medoralr, M.damesReesti, ROYALIALIOAY OPCTERA,TYCUM Lextehra Night.Wgan THIS EVENING,(hrdy JulyAT 2G)OUllDb pesrfome Afo the, BORGI. Luecci Borla, Adam Crist; Macr o Em ry siani, Miss chll,Sin St olGeo Gueta TignoTagleda, Mo;F Asolo, igno ?oo,int;G Tselzo inRobet; and Genio StringisCormario. PromanaceinrftreAtrena. Toors,. .ludeyaidhot eingsery.xmet THIOEE CIG.F RERA OND ENLcyRcTt, s fyr Mosrs Thenry i H ish DranduBorrano 4d..Th balletht dieieeis afie.Under the M angmentloflMr.gUckatione. f h THIstEVNI0 NG,TH TWELFTH NimGHT: BktoanosmCiss-l beyae pstanbtonh Britwishcloimd.Pes eRn and theg Spantiesh Dacesintheu anewibalet atmieled THsCtTVEmpor. igh inothce Acam be. talter whch MR.oHUGoS cmuiationE. ToVconcluer wsinthTenPOdMe ' Ko nsrinOCK.b utetiae Unde the Maeadanagemen of ihe. Chatrleso H eea ss. i THIS EVENaioNGil beta preseantedte newfare Ins ooe fait, Proprieotor un .eB.aWebsto etrDrectresscommdnicClateo, AWThe publication of Tiax Trac commnenced at 5 o'clock yesterday mnoming,asudfaihed atI15minutes past 10
In the House of Commons yesterday, after some preliminary conversation, the motion for the second reading of the Grand Juries, &c. (Ireland) Bill Was withdra,y n by Sir D. NoiPmEYs, the mover. The order for resuming the debate upon the second reading of the Poor Law (Ireland) Bill was discharged, and the bill was withdrawn. The adjourned debate on the second reading of the Bishops of London and Du}rham Retirement Bill was then resumed by Sir W. HEATncoTE, who, in the absence of Mr. Hna-auY, moved the amendment which that right hon. gentleman had intended to miove-namely, that the second reading be deferred for three months. He observed that the House was called upon suddenly to apply a remedy entirely new, although it was highly desirable that time should be allowed to look into the subject; and, with regard to the merits of the measure, that it was partial and incomplete, that it threw difficulties in the way of futurelegislation upon the matter, and that its prin. -ciple was in many respects objectionable. If driven to a choice, it would be safer, in his opinion, to ap. aItsuffragaDB shopsmunder'the staitute o£ EH - This amendment was seconded by Lord R. CzIr. whoinsisted'that,althoughthe right rev. prelabes! must be exempted from the charge of siinony, the transactioni upon the face of the- cofrespondeiLce bore the character of a bargain upon a resignation bond. The pmecedent he considered to be a da.- gerous one in a consti'utional point of viewT; itgsI'e ,theAMinister a direct power over Bishops wishizng !to ret re. lir. ML. M7mcss supported the bill, arguing that the iases to wvhich it applied were exceptional, a-ad that any supposition that it would be a precedenat for other bills was au entire assumption. The difficiulties in the way of a general measure were great; but this was no reason why Parliament shotld forego the opportunity of benefiting these t-wo dioceses, the cbircumstances of which were peulR and exceptional. Mfr. NApnuR, after the most anxiouis consideraticn, was not able to overcome his objections to this bill. He acquitted the Government of any sinister design to make a bargain for the sake of patronage, and admitted that the arrangement would be beneficial to the two dioceses; but he was not to do evi that good might come, and he considered that this w.as nothing but a proposal for a conditional resignation, the principle of which was contrary to the 'aw of the Church in the case of benefices, the resignation of which must be simple, pure, and absolute; and, looking at the terms of the correspondence, he asked if it could be said that the resignation of the Bishops was pure, absolute, simple, and unconditional. IMr. CAnDwE.r, owned that he was not pressed by the difficulty of principle referred to by Mr. NAPrER, which would apply, he said, as much to a general as to a particular measure. TI1e bill, he observed, sought to accomplish two objects-first, to place an effective superintendence over two important dioceses, which it was acknowledged they did not now possess, and secondly. to economize the ecclesiastical funds, by rendering productive for the purposes of the Church more than 20,0001. a-year. It was objected to the bill, first, that the object should be obtained, not by piecemeal legislation, but by a general measure, but F a generel measure must deal vith these two I dioceses separately; secondly, that the bill had I been introduced at a late period of the session, but that was no reason for rejecting it; thirdly, that these were simoniacal contracts, but the offence, if any existed, was m7alum prohbitumn only, not sealumn in se, and what Parliament I had created it could remove; lastly, that the allow- ances were excessive, and this objection could be obviated in the committee. I MIr. RoEBucK opposed the bill, the preamble of which, he observed, was not in accordance with the facts. He did not say tha' this transaction was simony, but he (did say it was a corrupt contract, and, as such, a violation of the ecclesiastical law. The two Bishops, who were conservators of public morality, were going to conimit this violation, and they asked Parliament to participate in the scandal. I tr. BL.cm spoke in favour of the bill. Sir J. GRAHAmI said the progress of the debate had not removed his objections to this bill, which, in his opinion, involved principles at once novel and dangerous. The case was said to be an exceptional one; but it was because it was exceptional that he regarded this measure with peculiar jealolusv. It was impossible to consider it apart from the correspondence, and it was clear that the two prelates, firom using the terms " if the law allows," felt tbat there was a legal obstacle in limine to the arrangement, which was an offer, on consideration of a money bargain, to sel a high station in the Church connected with high spiritual functions, and he could not brina his mind to any other conclusion than that the transaction was of a simoniacal character. It was said that to constitute simony the transaction must be corrupt; but it had been held that any resignation or exchange of church preferment for money was corrupt. Ile objected to the bill further, because, if it w as placed upon the narrow ground of privilege to these two Bishops, it would constitute a barrier to a general measure founded upon other principles, and that it would place their sees in reversion at the disposal of the-Frsr TMnIsTEa of the Cnow2.. The measure introduced by Sir R. PzEz'S Government in 1843, on the infirmity of the Bishop of BATH and WELL.S, as it was originally framed, would have covered the whole of these two cases. Hle hoped that this bil would be either quietly imurned with the remains of other departed l Government measures, or consigned to the limbo of the Appellate Jurisdiction Bill. After a short explanation from Lord DuNcAswith reference to the Archbishop of Yor, MIr. WALPOLE, in support of the bill, replied seriatim to the four objections urged against the measure. With regard to the lateness of its introduction the question was, he remarked, whether the inconvenience of discussing a special measure at the end of the session was greater than leaving two most important dioceses entirely without a superintending head. The particular objections offered by Sir J. GIAHATM to the specialitv of the measure wrer applicable to a general measure, and, unless it was objectionable in itself, it was, in his opinion, better, at the end of a session, that the measure should be a special one. The chief objections were directed against the provisions of the bill, and especially it was said that this 'was a simoniacal contract; but the b7road distinction between malhrn in se and niwr jrn pro)ibiturm had been overlooked. He disputed Mr. NArin;'s exposition of the ecclesiastical law in respect to resiunations, ?aad insisted that this was not a simoni'cal contract in se, except so far as the statutes made it simoniacal, and, if simoniacal only by statute, a statute could make it not so. Believirng the case to be urgent, that the measure would be beneficial, and that there was nothing in it of a simoniacal character, he hoped the House would pass the second reading. Sir J. SHELsLEY said he should vote in favour of the second reading of the bill, on the ground that the interests of the diocess of London should not be left without an efficient Bishop. Mr. T. DtwcosrBE opposed the `bil, his great objection to which, he said, was that the Bislhops of LONDON and of DusAdM lhad no business to dictate to Parliament the termsupon which they would resign their dioceses. Mr. GL,ADST-ONE lamented the introduction of this measure, since, whatever might be its fate, great evil and great scandal, he believed, would arise from it. Quite independent of its provisions, the House, he thought, ought not to be called upon to pass it in such unbecoming haste at a time when it was im.- possible to give it the consideration required. He contended that with reference to a temporasy arrangement 'no new law was needed; he had heard no good reason, he said, why the statute of HEr.Y vII. should not be taken advantage of by the appointment of suffragan Bishops, whereby all inconvenience and all this scandal would be avoided. As to the nature of the arrangement in the bill, he maintained that no answer had been made to the argument of Mr. NArma, and that M1r. WAnOL. had maissed the point of the case. Parliament was called upon to sanction a conditional contract for the resignation of a spiritual office, if certain pensions were given; and he believed that this was a simoniiacal contract by the law of the Church. Upon the showing of Mr. WALpOLE there coulct not be corruption in a resignation. But it was not the fact of resigning upon a pension that made the transaction simony, but the fact of miaking an individual bargainx to resign for a valuable consideraton that tainted the act with corruption. He would not, he siid, support a measure which sanctioned an arrangement of this kdnd conditional upon the receipt of nmoney, and which dealt with the resignaon of Blshops without any reztraint. Sir G. G SaE observed that, looking at the correspondence, it was obviously impossible to have intrOduced this bill at an earlier period than the end of June, when the Government were first.ap- prised of the desire of. the two prelates to resign l their sees. He thought tbe Housew ould neglect its duty if, considering the onditiionoof those es, it refused to pass this bill on the ground of time. The argument of Mr. WAIPors, on the question of sisnony, he thought, was unauswerable; but in this case therehadbesn,in fact,no binding contractat all. Asto the obsolete statute of Hx r v mI., its provi- sions were inapplicable to the present exigency. It expressly provided That no part of the~ episcopal - revenues should be paid to the suifragan i ]'shops, who were empowrered to hold twro benefices. lrt r. HznLy thought there would be less inonvenience in leaving the question as it was than in legislating upon a faulty principle. As to the question of simony, he believed t at no one w ould say tLat: if a reator or -vici lbad rmadea arraugement in . siilar .t6rmstbo thIt .noi iinder.- ccusideti6n it would--3ot be held by aGcourt of lai, te be -Anony' Re- asked whether,-incewea'the.Xouwie riefuse to grant ret ngpensionaj he Biahoprw6uld be hound to carry out,,the,ir o,ffer of resgniMis*ould smhow wvhether tiere *wab,a, or n, ot..,. .. Lord PA oT xaid the interDkn of the -Go- i -vernment wras to stiand by-the propoaiion cotained in the bill, as: to thetretring pensioni. What the Bishops would do suuoing. sthe -Joise Ahoald diminishthe amount . the he pe insit. would ret with them to determine; the Government,ha1 no power to compel them to retire. - . Upon a division, Tffie amendment ivas ,negatived by 151 to 72, and the bill was read a. s^o,nd time. The other orders having -been disapDaed of,. the House adjourned at a few minutes beEcir-e0 o'clock.
We are not yet fully apprised of the events that during the last -week have convulsed the Spanish Peninsula, and a, considerable time must elapse before the details can be fully filled up; but we seem already to have gathered enough to enable us to understand the true bearings and results of the crisis that has just passed away. Histeryis weary of 3recording the various and sudden revolutions that for the last five and forty years havel agitated the Spanish race on both sides of the Atlantic, and developed national characteristics which, suppressed by three centuries of monarchical and sacerdotal despotism, have burst forth with iacreased fury since the :rench invasion in ELuope and the revolt of the Spanish colonies in lunerica overthrew ancient institutions, and subverted the traditional respect for a tyrannical Csiowy and a bigoted clergy. TFrom the death of FRniflAXjD Vrf. to the present moment the Government of Spain has been rocking to and fro like a tower in an earthquake, without being able for a moment to establish itself on any firm foundation. The bloody civil war uwhich fl.ally beat dowrn the claims of Don CARLos, the establishment of a Liberal Government underEsParTEno, his expulsion to make roomforthesanguinaaytyraamyofNRvAmz, the 31inistry that disgraced the earlier years of Queen IsABr.iA, the Liberal revolution of July, 1S54, and the bloody Co9m d'Weat of O'Noxx.Nsa,I in July, 18a6, have aU passed before us in succession, without giving to Spain a single statesman or a single -warTior whose name will live for a generation after his death. Her public men seem to be divided into two classes. Where there has been good intention there has been no vigour or decision; where there have been vigour and decision there has been a total absence of good faith, fairness, and honour. EsiriA=ro is the perfect picture of a man devoted to the public interests,-honest in his ends, and single-rninded in his means,-brave, generous, mercif-ul, and chivalrous, but inert, unsuspicious, unready, and undecided; destined to rise perpetually to the summit of affairs by the confidence inspired in his excellent qualities, and as constantly to fall from it by a want of energy, circamspection, and forethought. The revolutions of Spain have only more completely verified the profound reniark of the ancient Greek historian, " That in civil con" flicts inferior men for the most part suc" ceed ;" for the superior men, despising their antagonists, and trusting to their own moral and mental superiority, do not attempt to gain by action that which they believe to be thLeirs ahleady by superiority of counsel, while the inferior, conscious of their own defects, proceed boldily to action at once, and their antagonists, being off their guard, are the more readily destroyed. Even so has it fared vrith the revolutionary Government of 1854. Conscious of his - own rectitude, harbouring no indirect or unfair designs against auy one, confiding implicitly in the Soveriegn whose throne he had saved and the colleagues to whom he had forgiven every species of injury, and whom he had loaded with every imaginable favour, ESPrRTERO treated with contempt the warnings which he continually received of the falsehood of the QunuE and her linisters, and remained in heedless security till the hunters had wound their toils around their prey. Not till everything was prepared, till the last man and the last g,tn were concentrated around the devoted city of MIadrid, did the treacherous daughter of FERDINAND and her wily and sanguinary associates thmrw off the mask, and, getting up a frivolous quarrcl, find an excuse to bring on a Ministerial crisis, dismiss EsPA-Rsno, and place the office of Mrst MIinister in the hands of the resolute and merciless O'DoxsiL. Then came the catastrophe. The National Guard and people of Madrid flew to arms. Troops and artillery were poured into the city, and there ensued for many hoars a fierce struggle between the troops of the line and the National Guard. This state of things could not last. The National Guard, deserted, as they say, by their leaders, and overpowered by the superior discipline and arms of their assailants, gave up the contest and submitted to be disarmed. A few of the more determined, under the guidance of PuCnrTA, the bull-fighter, fought to extreraity, and perished either by cannon shot or the bayonets of the soldiers. Little mercy seems to have been soug,ht or given on either side, and the killed are estimated at not less than a thousand. Feeble insurrections of a similar character in different parts of the coun.try have been easily suppressed, and the Quxxif and O'Doxi,-Eau may nowv be said to have trampled out the last spark of constitutional liberty in Spain. That this is destined to last we do not believe. That it must last for some time we do not in the least pretend to doubt. The Constitutionalists have been surprised and overpowered by a sudden and deeply laid treason, and the perfidious daughter of FxaDIN&mNVII. has employed againstthemthose arts which' her father so -eeR knew how to employ in order to conciliate those whom he meant to destroy. EsPRTMro himself seems to be in -the power of the conquerors, and there is in his absence no man of sufficient weight to raise on hWs behalf an effective counter-movement. So ends, then, the turbulent drama of 1854, not without great reproach to the capacity and activity of the liberal party. The two years have been wasted in constitution-making, and have utterly failed to bring forth those reforms which every friend to constitutional government felt that he had a right to expect. The Constitutional Government also made default in two cases in whichl better things might have been expected. The creditors of Spain rermain under constitutional, as ulnder absolute monarchy, disgracefully defrauded, and a prohibitive tariff, the ruin of her revenue and the grave of her industry, remains untouched in its origmal barbarism. If the Constitutional Govermnent has fallen, foreign natiorn. have little reason to regret the change. In England we may regret that the last Constitutional Government on the continent, -with the exception of,D Sardinia, has been overtrilaown, but our Tegreta onaght not to urge us to interfere in any respect with the private affairs of a nationl in which nothing appears to be perpetual except change and, vicissitude. We hare outlved thie day3s -when this country, in absurd imitation of the French Republic, and ivithout the excuse I of a revolutionary impulse, undertool . the task of. combating political opinion. That time is past, we trust, never to return; and so long as the new Government of Spain carefulI perfoims its duties to us as an aly -ire : be content that it should assume the forms of Imperial , hrne I e of V tiittiiona E aiiwtho feelin.g onra.ieYMify &ycalEiJpon teneflf r -in mattro pre1 tdomtic organi i1n. -e ~W ]Ioj,e-indeedA we belie-e.-t h o: t ix the!' AZ-cH will folow lia:e of cond=uc.imI,. to_ our o In. .f the Iebir evo6jjijtoj1 Madid fianed in mnitat&o. ofn conduct, $a iii, niore-reason aic-qeuiewo niuetly in it prciples.!' I,ei, the new Go!ermiint Jaztits time, 4utlheie' the, occasion arrves for de-troying it we truw that Elnce wmab show as. little incbnationg s oelveg. to check th.e course of a. liberal reaction I-; qv3te eviaent that Spain has not yet zetted down onx her ultimate form of govenme Itis our. duty and that of all her well-wiahers to await theresult, and not to force -upon her those instittiona that we mlay believe to be the most salutaryin ouIr own case.
We have several times observed on tne fertile topics'of defence wvhich our Crrimean Generals andadrainistrators might find in th'e most ordinay and peaceful parts of our system. This was never more ilustrated than in the way in which we have dealt with the case of two public servants who, after growing old in office a quarter of 'a century, have just strength enough to declare themselves incapable of work. There has been every possible preparation for the emergency. Bishops have - generally grown old before * instances of long incapacity are not uncommon ; and that the dioteses of London and Durham should be vwithout rulers, if not an evil that came home to the many, was; at least a scandal to be avoided. Yet our Le,islature in this, as in a thousand other cases, has gone on like the steamer which some ten years ago ran down a ship at auehor in a fine moonlight night, after having it in sight ten miles or so. In the Wednesday of the last week of the session the lunister brings into The Coiamons a bill to meet the purpose, as if it were a sudden emergency. Often as the Lords have complained, that the Coommons have sent in their bills too late for deliberation or improvement, they never were so put upon as in this instance. Of course, the two Bishops must retire; few vish their dioceses to remain in the hands of the smaU people who manage an interregnum; still fewer would be content that these two Bishops should together go on receiving near 40,0001. a-year for doing nothing. INor would anybody grudge the, two prelates a reasonable superannuation allowance. We have no right to inquire into their savings, their life assurances, or their burdens. They may die, after enriching their families, worth hundreds of thousands, or insolvent ; andlwe much suspect that those Who have put forth the most palticular and confident statements on these points know nothing about them. On general principles we wish Bishops to retire on sufficient pensions. But the stronger the case the greater the failure, if it is not well met. A diffiiculty, an emergency, a surprize, has its excuse, but there is no excuse where the circumsiances are of the plainest sort and the demand unquestionable. Yet the necessary retirement of these two Bishops has been met by a measure open to every possible objection. In the first place, there has been a negotiatiOn with a compact of a nature forbidden and punishable by an act of Parliament, and- tainted in the eyes of strict Churchmen vith the> gravest criminality. Further, the bill, like those miserable divorce acts, is a pivil-egium in the place of a general measure, and ikely to postpone any general legislation on the subject indefinitely. Then, notwithstanding the vast difference between the incomes now enjoyed and the pensions stipulated for, still the public are rather scandalized that the latter should not be less than the incomes of Bishops on the new scale, and should therefore be at least twice as much as can be afforded in fuatare cases of superannuation. We have insisted on the objections to the measure; its recommendation is its plain commonsense. Parliament is only doing in this case what it ought to have done in tens of thousands of similar cases, not by special acts, but by general laws. It is the want of a good general law that has produced the legal offence. Whatever the ecclesiastical character of the proceeding, there is a political impropriety in a public servant, happening to be in possession of importaut responsibilities which he cannot discharge, and revenues which he can no longer earn, being able to retain them in spite of the State, and bargain for their surrender. The bargain, indeed, is denied. Lord PATnueSroN says courageously there has been no barg-ain; but he would find it hard to procure a good legal or mercantile authority to maintain on the face of the correspondence that there was not a bargain in the comnmon peeuniary sense of the word. Such is the inevitable character of a special act for such a purpose, unless, indeed, the Bishops had such confidence in Lord PALMERSTON and the Blitish Legislature as to resign their sees and trust to the pub[ic feeling for their retiring allowances. Lord PAauxrSTOrc, who has been the negotiator between the State and the Church in this instance, is conscious of no such impropriety. He thin -s all hasbeen right. The Bishops have acted lile plain honest men of business, as they had a right to do. They might have kept the whole if they pleased, but they offered to give up the whole for a certain part of it. Government will keep faith with them. So much for the two parties. The ground of the transaction is public utility. This is the common sense view of the case; and, though the House of ComnLous is very Miused in being caled upon to sanction a bad measure for a good purpose, it has no, choice but to do so. But when t'his common sense vievw of the case has been propounded with I-ord P4TaERusrox1S usual felicity, and when it has been sanctioned by the House of Commons, it recuss to the mind, "Why is this common sense to be " invoked for two cases in ten thousand * why "is the Church of England to be left to mediE,val law, prescriptive abuses, and modern neglect, "when the supremaey of common sense is thut6 :'"for once gdmitted P" The most unscrupulous of men have always been able to appeal to conmnon sense when it answered their purpose. lt is the old horse that can always be brought out 'when the more fancy portion of the stud fails. But commion sense becomes folly, ancd even justice iniquity, when they are only introduceed to serve an occasion. There are at least two other prelates incapable of administering their dioceses to their own satisfaction, and others equally incapable of doing ao to the satisfaction of others. There are scorns of igh dig3nitaries and hundreds of parochial incumnbents in a like condition. Their duties, their parishes, are suffering the most serious consequences. -Hard-worling people are paying tithe3 and rentcharges, not to speak of the surrender oe their spiritual allegiance, to persons wholly incapable' of rendering sany adequate spiritual return. A state of things thus prevail. in the Church of EngXlnd sulch as could not be found in any other. Church in the world. In no other Church does tfh State leave large and populous ditricts under a deinite spiritual authority without taldugicaru for its efficient state. InRomzan Catholic Frnc Cormon -Sense, here the apology for an oceionil jpritS17um, is the principleof. the syste,s far as rega-ds its territoial and- pecumiatf araements.. With us suprstition,-driven:frot ihe irituaities, takes rea in -the tempo. 3 lit:( of th Church. We wor lip.,not -iaiaiz mid .-:tnartyr, ,i,mm" and, rei6,1but. "es bedridden canons, plyti rector, byto.
A personal grievance is the despair of the most vfilling inquiirer. Whenever the " case" of an individual is brought before the world, whether he be an Indian Prince or a debtor in the Queen's Bench, we may expect to find ourselves in a tangle o.f contradiction, reservation, and equivocation. The most strong-brained lawyer, the most persevering and minute politician, might without discrecit confess himself fairly vanquished by the debate on General BEATsow, which took place in the House of Commons on Tuesday. Never did even an ofcicial statement leave the matter it concerned more completely in the dark. To understand the BnATsoN case it is above all things necessary to begin at the beginning, and this, -we believe, is pretty rearly the history of the celebrated force which bore General BEATsorN's name. When France and England determined to make war on Russia for the preservation of Turkey they both had exalted notions of the prowess of certain races of wild warriors inhabiting the most remote zegions of the empire. We have learned much within the last two years, and not the least of these lessons is, that war is not a work of merely personal courage and supposed chivalrous disposition. But in 1854 the savages, both of mountain and plain, were es-Decial favourites. The independence of Circassia was considered a great object of policy and philanthropy, and no military plan was thought more important than the enrolment of the ilregular cavalry who are now well known by the name of 33ashi-Bazouks. An officer was sent out both by Frace and England to organize a force of these warriors. General YussouF, the Frenchman, soon gave in. The Bashi-Bazouks were the terror of their friends, and inspired confidence only in the enemy. General BEATsoN was not more successful. His 33ashi-Bazouk-s said that they were starved, and that they plundered only to satisfy the pangs of hunger. The force disappeared rapidly, and -when the private soldiers commanded by General B&ATso.N scarcely exceeded his aides-de-camp in number it was disbanded. However, the English Government is not an institution that confesses its own failures, and next _year the Bashi-Bazouks were again popular. A force of irregular cavalry was to be drawn from all parts of the Turkish empire, under the titles of " BEATso-'s Osmanli Cavalry," " BEATsox's Bashi- Bazouks," " BrATsoz's Irregular Horse," for we forget which was the last designation which it officially received. A helmet of crimson velvet, a bare neck and much gold lace about the legs, were cde rgtteur for the officers, for a cos-time popular somewhere in Central Indlia was strictly imitated. It need not be said that with these attractions the service was much sought after by adventurous spirts from England. Soon the asubordinates of General BEATsow were to be heard of everywhere, from the Danube to Damnascus. Vhat it all cost Government accountants and .commissary-generals might reveal, and some future historian may perhaps discover. At last, after several months of recruiting, great -movement of steamers, many despatches, requisitions, addresses on taking command, and addresses -on relinquishing command, "IBnATso,'s Irregular IC Horse" was concentrated at Gallipoli. HIow far the "Horse" had horses we cannot tell, but still there it was, chivalrous and picturesque, ready to fall on the Muscovite to the cry of " Am&n-Hu," or any other Oriental shout, while the crimson 'hehmets of the officers led the way. Bat soon rumours were heard rather unfavournble to the reputation of the corps. Albanians, Kurds, and Arabs were all equally bad, and the lnhappy town of Gallipoli was a prey to all t'he excesses of an uncontrollable band of barbarians. -Some notice must be taken; a Vice-consul was 4despatched, powers were given to inquire into the -deeds of what were now called " BArsoxS's " Ravishers," and to put a check to their malpractices. The end of the whole was, that the Bashi-Bazouks were made over to 'the 'T'urkish Con-tingent. There was a good deal of disputing between General BnEATSoN and various other personages, the result of which was that Gene-rat SarTr, of the Contingent, went to Gallipoli to take the command. Nowv comes the grievance. General SwiTH took the command; the Bashi-Bazouks went up to Shumla, to the great joy of Gallipoli; and the career of General BEATsOx seemed to havo concluded, as far as Turkey was concerned. 1But in MIarch last, six months after the occurrences at theDardanelles, General VriviAaaddresses a lefter to Brigadier WATT, then coimnanding theforce, stating that serious chargeshavebeenadvanced against Genera BEATsoN. " When General Srr arrived at the " Dardanelles," so runs the letter,"GeneralBR&TsoN "assembled the commanding officers of regiments CC and actually endeavoured to persuade them to " make a mutiny in their regiments against General " SW=r and against. the authority of General "V Ivvi-." " General BEiTsoN subsequently had a "C sort of round robin prepared by the chief interpre-. 4cter, and sent round to the native officers and CC len, in the hope that they -would sign it, reflusing - to sere under any other General than "I himself." Now, among the irregularities of BzATsows Horse may have been a slight laxity of military law. The General, the volunteers who surrounded him, and the men he commanded, may have considered themselves some what of an independent force, fighftng in the old fteudal style for the Queen of EN-GWo, but by no neans to be dealt with as mere common regulars. l?nnc of Northumberland or DB VBBE of Oxford could not be deposed from the headship of his retainers; -who, then, should dare-to separate Brxrsor from BnaTso.'5s Horse ? - Some of his officers may have felt strongly on the subject, and talked, as even QuzxNs. officers will sometimnes talk, of" throwing up their commissions" and joiuing Scu . in th;e: qaucaSus. The dragomans 3nay have declared-that the men would -i6mst-certainly mutiny utider any other commander,. for that they loved their General and vould beB sure to hate his successor; sudh sort of speeches are not inconsistent withthe dragominic nature. General BrATrsoN, of course, denies that he ever persuaded his officers to raise a mutiny or excited-the interpreters to prepare ai round robin; j'and we may well I believe that he speaks 'the 'trith. No doubt much angry talk t'ok'place at -the General's headquarterg, and expressions may have fallen'from. him which, with some exaggeration, take the shape which has led to the inquiry. But the fact is, that it is hardly possible to treat BE.Tsoi's Horse seriously. The whole thing was such an absurditv that to talk of high treason in connexion with it is out of the question. The Government persisted in spending large sums on this-hobby long after it had been a joke to every one connected with the army and its administration; and when the savages collected from' three continents were .swggering about the streets of Gallipoli it could hardly be expected that the transfer of command and a subjection to a sterner discipline would be assented to without some empty talk, -which had best have been at once forgotten. With respect to the details of the matter,-whetber .Mr. PEEL said or did not say that the charge was anonymous, and whether in either case he was right or wrong, whether the accusation was too long withheld from General BATso-, whether the Government has a .pimdfacde case, and whether a prirnd facie case is sufficient to found a court-mrartial -upon, -we leave it all to the parties concerned. All we have to say is, that among the advantages of peace is the getting rid of the " Osmanli Cavalry," and we trust that it will be long before our Government consents to the embodiment of a similar force.
COURT CIRCULAR. OSBORNEE, JuLY 23. The Queen, attended by the Countess of Desart and Major-General the Hon. C. Grey, cruised in the Royal yacht Fairy yesterday afternoon. Hlis Royal Highness Prince Albert, accompanied by the Prince and Princess of Prussia and Princess Alice, drove to Ventnor, and returned by the Undercliff and Shanldin to Osborne. 3Iajor-General Win dham arrived from London yesterday, and remains on a visit to Her Majesty. The Commisaioners for Auditing the Public Accounts attended the ChanceUor of the Exchequer yesterday with the accounts for the half-yearly deciaration. Despatches for the Governors of the Colonies on the West Coast of Africa were sent last evening from the Colonial. office.
THE BAiTic MFEDA.-We believe Her Majesty has ex>pressed her gracious intention of personally distributing, at _?or-tsmouth, during the present sojourn of the Court at Osborne2 the Baltic medal, which she signalled her Royal mntention of having struck when at the late great naval review. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of a half note, 3001. (I-T 84,636, August 9,1855), for income-tax from " Z." LoRD Co3mSrsNtRnE.-Viscount St. Vincent hag ven the folloving notice resDecting the conduct of Lord Fombermere in the Dyee Sombre case for Friday next 'To ask the followmng questions of the Lord Privy Sealvihether, inasmuch as the judgments of the highest legal tribunals are matters of Dublic record, and may be referred to as facts in the knowledge of Govermnent, and considering the severe censures that have been passed in three successive judgnients, pronounced by the late Lord Chancellor Cottenham, by Sir John Dodson, judge of the Prerogative Court of Conterbury, and by the Judicial Committee of Privy Council, upon the conduct of a noble member of this House holding the situation of Constable of the Tower of Londen, and also a distinguished office near Her Majesty's person, Her Majesty's Government have thought proper, for the due preservation of the high character of this House, to take any steps in reference thereto, or if they intend so to do ?" TEE MIExmrsG OF Trn: BRLITISHE AssocLION.- The programme of arrangements for the forthcomin'g meeting of the Britis'h Association at Cheltenham ha's now been settled. The first or opening meeting will be held at the Cheltenham Proprietary College, on Wednesday week, when the Duke of Argyll wiU formally resiz the presidency, and the inaugural address w,ill be delivered by the president for the year, Dr. Daubeney. On the followcing day (Thurs day) the first ooasu-erion07e wfill he held at the Pittville Pump-room. On Friday, August 8, the sections meet at the Colege, and in the evening Colonel Sir Henry Rawl:eaon wFill deliver a discourse on the recant researches in Assyria and Babyloma, and on the results of cuneiform discovenes. On Saturday the sectional meetings will continue, and in the evening the secondcoanversazone of the members will be held at the Assembly-rooms. On Monday {the llth) the sections proceed as usual, and there wil be a lecture by Mr. W. Grove on the correlation of physical forces. On Tuesday the sections will resume their scientific discussions, and the president's dinner will take place in the evening. On Wednesday (the 13th) the proceedings of those sections not formaLly closed on the preceding day will be brought to a conclusion, and the general rmeeting wil take place, to make arrangements for the scienti'fc matters which will have to be proceeded with during the ensung year. The Cheltenriam people give a grand flower show this afternoon, and on Thursday it is expected excursions will be made to the most interesting localities in t-he neighbourhood. The following selection of presidents has been recommended by the council for the meeting:Mathematics,Professor Wall-er;chymistry, ProfessorBrodiegeology, Professor Ramsay; natural history and -ysiology Professor Bell; geography and etvmology, Sir :. Raw ; son; statistics, Lord Stanley; mechanics, Mr. G. Rennie. MB oroas AcT A mmmxETr B1ra.-This bill, as sent down from the Hiouse of Lords to the Commons, provides, by clause 1, that in parishes where church rates were made in any open vestry, or in any meeting in the nature of an open vestry, such power shaU te exercised in the same manner as before the passing of the act of 1855. Clause 2 provides that nothing in this act, or in the act of 1855, shall affect vestries created for ecclesiastical purposes only. Clause 3. Otherdutiesperformed by vestries shall be performed by the new vestries, created under the act of last session. The election of such vestries remains untouched, and remains the same as provided by Uobhouse's Act and the act of 1855. Clauses 4, 5, and 6 provide that compound householders mav vote. Clause 7. The pyment of parochial rates as a qualiacation for voting shal not be taken to include church rates. Clause 8 provides that the qualification of a vestryman shall be determined by "the rateable value" of his premises, and not by "the gross estimated rental." Clause 9 regulates the calling of meetings of vestries, and simplifies the mode of so doing. Clause 10 enables the Metropoltan Board of Works to make application to Parliament for the purpose of providing places of recreation for the public, and removes doubts as to the power of purchasing such places as Hampstead-heath, &c. Clause 11 enables district boaads and vestries to take land by gift or agreement. Clause 12. The act of last session and the act of this session shaU be construed as one act. CaRihE- i Scom-NcD.-A blue-book, just issued, contains sundry tabular statements relative to crime in Scotland. The nuumber of persons charged with offences last year exhibits a decrease, as compared with 1854, of 64, or 9-114 per cent., but nine counties exhibit an increaseviz., Aberdeen, Argyle, Caithness, Inverness, Kinross, Selkirk, Stirling, Sutherland, and Wigtown, the total increase being 1S 551 per cent.; 2,568 males and 1,602 females were committed for trial in 1855; of these 2,961 were fried, 2,728 convicted, outlawed, or found insane; 852 convicted for the second time, and two sentenced to death, of whom one was hanged. The proportion of convictions to committals in 1854 was 75-488 per cent., and in 1855, 75-142 per cent. The proportion of acquittals was 241512 per cent., and in 1855 21848 per cent. 9y2 offended against the person, 377 against property with violence, 1,836 against property without violence, 78 rmaliciously against property, 124 against the currency laws, and 243 against other laws not particularly mentioned. The offences against the person have decreased S-8171 per cent., offences against property with violence 31-2 per cent., those against property without violence 8016 per cent., and other offences 0-41 per cent. On the other hand, malicious offences against property have increased 47-17 per cent., and forgery and offences against the currency laws 42-53 per cent. In 1855 there were 474 males and 293 femxales who could not read nor write; 1,511 malesand691 females who could do so but imperfectly; 486 males and 72 females who could do both well; *and77 males and 5 females of superior education. Among the criminals of superior education there is an increase of 5-1228 per cent. The sentences passed on convicts weredeath, 2; transportation, 52; penal servitude, 174; inxprisonment, 2,183; flagellation, 10; fines, 257; and out- ExpESE or Tail PAKas.-A return has beent published of the expenditure, in detail, of the sum of 19,391. on Sk.S James's, the Green, and Hyde Parks, for the year ending the 31st of March, 1856. Of this, 5,1851. was appropriated to the repair and maintenance uf the roads and paths; 1,8121. to watering the roads; 1,328b. to the wages of constables and watchmean 2,086% . to general works, including the transplanting of trees and shrubs, the repairing of seats, fences, and hurdles,, and cost and spread of manure, the maintenanco of the banks ofthe Serpentine, and the karchass of grass seeds; 1,2071. to lighting; 8781. to a new iron post and rAilings on the south side of Hyde Park; 7211. to new footpaths in Hyde Park - 2,450. to taking down and rebuilding the ledge at Jma-rstreet, Bucksngham.gate, er-ecting newr gates and piers, sand inprovnDg the approaches to the park;* 1551. tofiling apthe old basiin the Green Psaric;* d 2002. to the salar of the superintendent. Th,^ liverie of the conzstables coat 1721., anD the food o f the JacitiAthrds 8417.
I -11 r FORIGB D5LIaNcA FRANCE. I pergon of the fdUowng appeuod in our xeond ei. Itiont of yesterdlai.-I 11 i , ? O*WOUR 'OWN COREMOIZDM-T.) pARIS, TuzbsDA, JuLY 22. 6 P.iz The despatch 'of yesterday's date from St. Sebastian, transmitted to you this morning by telegraph, showvs the probability that the w.hole of Spain will ver.y soon be submissive to the new Government. It is likely enough that General Falcon, finding that he has no support to expect from Cat0alonia or the northern provinces, will come-to terms. Letters of the 18th from Logrono representthat town ashaning the appearance of a camp, the National Guard being all under arms, and having been joined by those of-Navarrete, Najera, and some other place. General Gurrea had just arrived there to take the command, but we know already that these preparations had no result, - and that trops had entered eLogrono unre3isted. When Uawcon learns this, and that on all hands O'Donnell is in the: ascendant, he will probably give, in, stipulating; perhaps, for the restoration of his -rank and honours, and impunity for those who have stood by him in his preparations for resistance. There are reports of his troops having abandoned him, but nothing positive isl;nown from Saragossa; and the telegraph is still interrapted there, which showrs that the authority of the Madrid Government is not yet recognized in the place. Nothing further is known of iEsparte-ro,hosewfie continues atLogrono. There Iis no confrmation of the statement that 85 members of the Cortes had assembled at Saragossa. At Madrid some arrests have been made, including that of Senor Madoz. The intelligence to-day received from Spain is generally meagre, and of slight interest. It has been said that the officers of the army and navy in MiTadrid at the time of the conflict, and who bad not presented themselvies to the Government to offer their services, are to be brought to a court. martial. Among these would be Zabala, Santa Craz.(Francisco), Lujan, and various other persons of note. But the statementisnotstrictlycorrect. They have been declared liable to be brought to a courtmartial, but the probabilities are that nothing wili be done to them, beyond leaving them without employment. Wolve 'do not eat one another, and the ups and downs of political life are so frequent in Spain that it is convenient and only prudent to show moderation in victory. The fate of these officers to-daymay be that of O'Donnel's friends tomorrow. - In the meantime, the turn out of einploy&i, which is usually consequent on a boileversment of this kind, has commenced, and the JGazette of the 18thl contains numerous depositions and appointments. Embarrassed -whom to select for Civil Governors of provinces, the Government has appointed the Mlilitary Governors to act ad interim. The details of the collision that $ook place in Madrid between the troops and National Guards are not very precise. It appears, however, that the latter fought without leaders, bat remained together, particularly the more democratic sections. I regret to find it generally admitted that Espartero was far from being equal to his position or to his duty during the crisis. His popularity has been indeed fatal to the Liberal party. He has, it is said, asked for Logrono as his residence. Two years of representative government in Spain -years of difficulty and peril, butnot totally without honour and patriotism-have perished in a single day! The coUp d!"tat planed in the Palace, often announced as on the point of realization, and as often as solemnly denied in the name and on behalf of the Queen, and by none more solemnly and emphatically than General O'Donnell himself, who repeatedly declared in the Cortes that his head would be the first to fall if the reactionary party triumphed, has at last been accomplished. Concocted in the Palace itself, it was easy to give it the semblance of legality, but no one will be the dupe of its hypocrisy. On the one hand, EFpartero, with the whole of the Ministers, is forced to quit the Government; on the other, O'Donnell, who stood out alone in opposition to all his colleagues, is invested with the confidence of the Crown, forms a Ministry in the middle of the night. and takes his new colleagues from an almost imperceptible minority in the Chamber-a minority that was only known by its undisguised hostility to the Constitution which a Constituent Cortes had just voted. Militarv precautions had, as I have already shown, been taken during the same night to support the conspirators in the design, and to crush all resistance. That resistance 'asted, however, under adverse circumstances, for nearly two days ; but the result was what might have been expected when Madrid was the theatre of the struggle. A comparison between two such men as O'Donnell and Espartero can hardly be made. Whatever be his merits or his shortcomnugs as a wolitical man, Espartero is still the honest citizen, the pacificator and liberator of his country. Regent and Dictator of Spain, he des^ended from his high place, quitted power, and went into exile, rather than violate a single article of the Constitution to which he had sworn. His exile was spent in England, where he learned the practice, as he had before admired the theory, of representative government ; and igreati est ambition was to endow his country with it. Espartero lon- occupied the highest posts to which a subject could aspire; yet he is a poor man, and he has not only refused all recompense which a grateful nation desired to confer apon him, but he has never touched a real of his salary as President of the Council. The personal courage of O'Donnell is unquestionable, but it is not so much tc, that ordinary quality that he owes his brilliant career as to the favour and protection of Espartero, who in 1838 appointed him Chief of his Staff. In 1840 O'Donnell embraced the cause of Alaria Christina against the people and the army, and, abandoning hIs command, he emigrated with her to France. In 1841 he demanded permission to return to Spain as a friend to the established Government, and made the most solemn declarations of harbouring no design against the public tranquillity. Espartero, then Regent, would not believe that his old protegg and favourite was again false; and, ignorant of the plot formed for his own overthrow between him, MIaria Christina, and Louis Philippe, who was already projectig the Spanish marrages, freely allowed him to return. The price promised him for taking part in the insurrection of 1843 against Eapartero's Government was the Governor-Generalship of Cuba. That promise was fulfilled; and the world has learnt from blue-books and debates in Parliament the manner in which this grasping satrap exercised his command, and the immen,e fortune he and his wrung from the blood of the miserable race, the traftic in which his Governraent had been long bound by treaty to put an endl to. On his return to Madrid O'DonneAl, in right of his rank in the army, became a member of the Senate. Narvaez, whom he hated andc who hated him, was then in power. To his rule no:ae, except a few Progresistas, dared to make the slightest opposition. O'Donnell announced that he was about to reinforce that Opposition, but he was silenced by the lucrative appointment of Director-General of Infantry. It was the place best suited for his future plans, as he could organize the army according to his pleasure. Narvaez soon saw the error he had committed, and he dismissed O'Donnell. Once more he rashed into the Opposition organized by Generals Concha, Serrano, &c.J whio accepted hiim as their leader. Maria Christina, as being the most vulnerable, was the great object of attack. Narvaez left the Ministry, and was once more exiled by Maria Christina, and neither O'Donnell nor the Concls were called by her to power. The Bravo lurillo ;ad Lersundi Minisi tries parsed away, not without lJaving traces of their baleful despotism. Sartorius (mnown as the Count San Luis) was named Minister, and the struggle became nmore desperate than ever. The scandaigof La Granja are not yet forgotten, and the Spanish people have still fresh in their memory the debate on the railway concessions, in which General Concha denounced Maria Christina and her accomplices in a tone fEr surpaming the Commission of Inquiry after the death of Ferdinand; and in that denunciation the whole of the Senate, composed as it wvas of General*, Grandees, ex:-Ministerns, leading finaniers, &c., joined, and voted against the Administration of the detested Sartorius. It will be well to remember that the Senate was no democratic or revolutionary body; it -was essentially the reflex of the Moderado party; it was the i8Sue of the constitution accorded by Narvaez and M1aria Christina; aud its members were exclusively named by the Crown. We remember the persecution O'Donnell suffered from the Sartonius Government; his concealment in Madrid; his mnlitary insurrection; the combat- ot Vicalvaro i his defeat and retreat in"AndslusiaU his utt&x faiZL-e and impotence; and the fauum% 'I iberl manifestosvwhich dieadof approachingde'struc-' I tion extorted from himj-and- in; which he made an appeal to-tho peopleto rise in defence of their liberties. He offei-ed them'his's*6rd, and-filung himself into the ranki'of the Liberial arty. O'DonnellM was defeated and flying whesithatappeal-as made; it was responded to' liyEspartero., Then, indeed, all was C a,ngedr: city after city,">villago afterSvillage, fromsouth to noith, from east to wvest, rose asgaisst the-niiiserabIle crew- who had oppressed, plundered, and degraded'thm, -Espartero. found the Queen besieged in her -Palakef in Madrid, and he saved her frofn. piublie indignationi byth7resfite of bis name, his holiesty, and his 'popularity. 'spartero carried his generosity and his confldini spirit to a point wrhich deserves .censuie. ;Never meanig bad faith himself; he 'did not suspect it iii others. lie had saved O'Donnell from fuin; he now offered him the Portfollo of War. Hfow many timnes in the course of two years has not Espartero covered his unpopular colleague with the buclder of his own honesty and his own influence ! The proI sece of Espartero prod'uced a restraint on the scan- dals of the Court ; and it was by him and his, whom Ilaria Christina and her companions call the "enemies of the throne," that' that throne has for the last two years been saved again and again. With the gradual resiorationof order the material condition of Spain was beginning to improve. For more than a century-indeed, from the time of Ferdinand VI., not even under Charles III., who ruined the nation by the family compact, and who lost the South American colonies, had the Spanish Treasury a maravedi until the late administration of Espartero. It is not many days since the Spanish papers aounced that the Treasury had more than 100,000,000 reals in its coffers after having paid its current obgations; and for the last two months the Government had in Paris more than the amount necessary for the payment of the interest on the foreign debt. Foreign capitalists had begun to invest large siums in industrial enterprises in Spain; confidence was gradually growing up at home, and would soon extend abroad; and wvhen the Government lately wished to convert 200,0O0,000 reals of the floating debt into Three per Cents. Consolidated, they found more than the sum they wanted, and at a rate higher than what they themnselves had fixed. There is a difference of opinion as to whether the French Government connived at the act which has just been perpetrated in Madrid. I believe that sonie who most suffer personallTr and politically by the overtlrow of the Liberal (lovemment acquit the Emperor of participation in it. But the same acquittal ought not, it is said, to be extended to his representative in Madrid. It is possible, too, that some acts of indiscretion haxve been committed by certain persons belonging to the Court of the Tuileries-persons whose influeitce ought naturally to stamd very high. It would be well if an inquiry were instituted by the Emperor as to who sent, without the loss of a moment, to General Narvaez, and, through him, to Maria Christina, at Trouville, the telegraphic despatch announcingl the rising of Saragossa against O'Donnell, and on thereceipt of which Narvaez instantly set out for the frontier. The Emperor had better look to it. Public opinion will make him accountable for the acts of those who are in constant intercourse with him; and he will do well to reimiember that the refival of the policy of Louis Philippe in Spain will but increase his unpopularityin both capitals. The following are extracts of a private letter from, Rome, of recent date, just received:- 11 An Apostolic instrment, or brief, signed by Cardinal Antonelli, and countersigned by Cardinal Burnabo, was, as I have ahkeady informed you, transmitted to Ireland soon after the death of the late Cardinal Prefect of the Propa. ganda, Cardinal Frausoni. This documnent invited all the Roman Catholic prelates possessing episcopaljurisdiction in Ireland to meet synodictrly under the presidency of Archbishop Cullen; and, among other things, it directed special attention-i, to the Irish Catholic University; 2, to the national system of education in Ireland; 3, to the College of Maynooth; and 4, to the Irish College in Paris. "The synodical form of deliberation was preseribed in order to put an end to certain inconveniences which Dr. Cullen had noticed in the former annual meeting of the Irish episcopacy. It has also other advantages, for it obliges all the prelates who deliberate to affix their names to the decisions of the mpjorit-y; and, what is still more important, it prescribes that these decisions shall be submitted to the supervision and correction of the Holy See. If any prolato dissents from any decision, he is at liberty to transmit such dissent to Rome. " Three archbishop3, twenty-two bishops, a vicar capitular, and a procurator of the fourth archbishop promptly responded to the Apostolic summons. On the 20th of June these prelates commenced their session in Dublin, and they closed them on the 30th. The documenits forwarded to the Holy See bear unquestionable testimony to the mature reflection and painstaking solicitude of the prelates, as well as to their filial obedience and devotedness to the Holy See. " The importance of the Catholic University for the education of the most interesting portion of the Irish Catholics-viz., the professional and tlle higher and middle classes-cannot beoverrated. The sucess of that establishment is therefore a primary object of the solicitude of the Holy See; and the Propaganda and tha Apostolic delegate are most anxious to secure for it adequate funds and an adequate attendance of pupils, and also to give to it the pre-eminence and authority due to such an institution. The power which a secular authority not famed for its partiality to Roman Catholic doctrines or practices possesses over the national schools in Ireland, and so over the education of a Catholic people, has bhen ever regarded here with jealousy and suspicion. Tnese have been latterly awakened by reports of undue interference with practices common as well as sacred to al Catholics from their infancy-of indirect efforts to exclude nuns from the chreec tion of schools, and of certain pretensions of the Board of Education. You are already aware of thea anxiety of the Propaganda and of Dr. Cn3len to remove from Maynooth and the Collage des Irlandais what ho considers to be certain secular infiltrations, which however valuable in political communities, are totally mnisplaced in establishments for the education of the clergy. " It was proposed to the Synod to give to the University the inspection and supervision of all the Catholic educational establishments throughout the provinces. The very rev. and very learned rector, Dr. Newman, presented a report, in which he stated that the very moderate sum of 5,0001, per annum would be sufficient for the worling of the University. He suggested that the working funds of the Univer. sity, at present ' the Cullen and Newman Fund,' should be styled ' the University Fund,' and that a committee of three, to be appointed by the Irish bishops, should form a board of trustees. It was proposed, at the instance of the Propaganda, that the Collego of Maynooth should cease to enjoy its past and present unmaonical sort of halfexemption from the authority of the ordinary of the diocess in which the college is situated; and that an appeal to the Propaganda from the decision of the Archbishop of Dublin be pernitted in certain cases. The supreme authority over Maynooth and also over the Irish Collego in Paris is at present in the hands of a large number of bishops, snd, in the case of Maynooth, of some laymen also. - These gentlemen meet for an hour or two on two occasions every year, and only one of these meetings is held at Maynooth, and none of them are ever held in Paris. It mnust be obvious to every one that such bodies, having sach trifling relation with these institutions, and practieally so remote from them, are far less suitable depositaries of supreme power than a single bishop, and such a congregation as the Propaganda would be. Besides, there is too much of secularilm and what resembres constitutionalis3r in these boards and committees. The Irish bishops ought to feel happy that the Propaganda should condescend to relieve them from the trouble and annoyanco inseparable from the administratiou and supervision of such establishments. What do they want but meek- and hodly priests to minister to. the sPiritual wvants of their flocksa? and from what quarter can they obtain them, if niot from the training schools and colleges under the direct influence of the Propaganda ? "1TfOe prelates almost unanimously declied to confer on the Univerity the right of supervision solicitedI for it. They appear still determinedl to claim for themselves the supreme~ direction even of the Catholic University its-elf. They, however, consented to prolong for three year mnore the extraordfinary powers exercliseso wisely by the resent very ray, and learned rector. It is most desiralble that greater unanimity among the prelates, and greater coni fidenca in the working and ultimate sucecess of that esta- blis'hment, and a prompt revival of the first fdeelng .of the . priests and people, should raise it toD a rank andl positiona worthy of Rome and of Catholic Ireland; and that zno future case will arise for-withholding contributions. M-any. of the bishops, were of opinion that there was not sufficient cause for the repreentations forwarded to Rome bishps nd riets wll e vgilnt;an irlteis tbexhopedn of its vd6pll&a would-be the wlthdra 'of 'the giant. There are some difficulties tegargtfi-views of Cajd&-dB o aud Dr. Cullen rearding the College des Irlandix, bit tIey are consdered far from ni3uperble. These prelate3 pap rto Et a Terr high- value -on the 'grant to lBnootl, bat -there are mn y good aihd prdent iessi who holad very I different opimioL:lf -thcs ynooth-grant were now withI draw c, tbewthdra wa:ilof Irnts t,o ilregiou denominations would: soonfollow; and that his, would hbe a satisfatcry. compensationthe Cardinal and theW delegates, do not'deny IBe that as itmay, it iscarinthattheapirjt and teching Iof all Irish sem,inaries and schools wouWc at once- beeom6 mere in harmony with the idea inculcated in the Roman schools. -Iloreover,-aoo-'14,as'Manotcnrno wkitis, there re reasons to fear that the ecclesiastical faculties of the Catholic University must coutinue a sinecuri." The Cousu7ier de MArrseiles of the 2lstint. says:"We aniounced yesterday tne formation of a corps of observation along the Fyrenean frontier. To-day we have obtained confirmation of that fact, and learnt tbat the Minister of War has ordered a certainnumber of regiments to proceed to the neighbouing departm ents. Tho 37th iBegiment of the Line, in garnrson at- Marseilles, leftlast evening for Montpelier, to replace the garrison of that city, which has been marched to the Spanish frontier. " Yesterday the Russian three-master Temio, laden with wheat, arrived at Marseilles. This is the first -vessel from Odessa that has entered our port since the conclusion of peace." Count Paul Dimitrivitsoh Kisseleff, the newly nppointed Minister to the Court of France, was born at Moscow in 1788; he entered at an early age the corps of Chevaliers-Gardes and fought at Eylau, Friedland, Moscowa. and at the siege of Paris. In 1815 he was Aide-de-Camp to Alexander I. On his return to Russia he was named MajorGeneral and C4ief of the Staff of the Second Army of the South, commanded by Field-Marshal Count Wittgelnstein. After having distinguished himself dosing the war of 1828-29, hI. do Eisseleffwas raised to the grade of Lieutenant-General, and placed at the head of the army of occupation of the Danubian Principalities, and was charged 'tith] their administration in 'the capacity of President Plenipotentiary of the Divans of Wallachia and 1Nfoldavna. He there displayed considerable prudence and moderation, and was honoured by a statue, which was erected in memory of his administration by the gratitude of the Wallachians. In ffe course of 1834 M. de Kisseleff returned to St. Petersburg, where he -was named General-in-Chief of the Ihfanftry and Mlember of the Council of the Emnpir6. The MIinistry of the Imperial Domains was created in 1838, and M. de Kisseleff was the firat appointed to it. His administration obtained for him the title of Count and the place of Director-inChief of the fifth section of the Privy Chancellerie of the Czar. -The Moniteur publishes the returns of the principal merchandise imported into France during the first sLx months of 1856, the Customs' duties on which amounted to 84,031,894f. Compared with the receipts of the corresponding period of 1855 there is a dimuinution of 4,274,836f. The receipts of the month of June were 1 6,357,148f., or 1,459,S34f. less than in June, 1855. The salt-tax produced during the first six months of 1856 14,999,7T4f, The Three per Cents, closed to-day at 70f. 80c. for the end of the month; itthe Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 5Gc.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,390f.; Great Northern, 1,067f. 50c.; Strasburg, 940f.; new shares, 862f. 5Oc.; Paris and Lyons, 1,417f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,S32f. 60c.; Western of Francea, 962f. 50c.; Bordeaunx and C'ette, 78Sf.; Great Central of France, 695f.; Lyons and Geneva, 800f. ; Bank of CrdditMobilier, 1,465f.; Audstrian Railways, 865f. Cours AuthniTiue,-P§urs, July 22.-Cash Prices.- FPour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 9ff. 93f. 75c. 94f.; Three per Cents., 70f. 60c. 50c.; ditto, ecRond Loan of 1855 (65 per cent, paid), 70f. 55c.; ditto Certificates (65 per cent. rid), 70f. 5sc. - Bank of FrAnce, 44125f.; Cr6dit Foncier, 675f.; ditto Obigations of 50f., Four per Cents., 440f.-; ditto, Three Ler Cents., 89Of. ; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., S7f. aDc.- Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,455f. 1,450E. 1,445f. 1,46:5f.; Disconnt Bank, 700f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 90f.; ditto, Three per Cents., 56f. 50c.; Romsns, 87f.; Spanish Deferred Converted Debt, 231* ditto Three per Cents., 44; ditto Iinterior Debt 3S8 39. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 27Ac.; three months, money, 25f. 2Ac. SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 18th inst. Among the Generals who presented themselves at thie Palace and at Buena Vista, and offered their services to defend the Queen, were Generals Santos and |Evaristo San Miguel, Hoyos, Iriarte, La Rocha, Urbistondo, Urbina, Santiago, Rodriguez Soler, Galiano, Campo Alegre, &c. General Urbistondo and Brigadier Serrano, who directed the operations in the neighbourhood of the palace, rendered important services. General San Biguel was one of tne fist to proceed to the Palace on the morning of the 14th. He expressed to Her Majesty his regret at the resignation of the Duke of Victory, but nevertheless declared himself ready to shed the last drop of his blood for the defence of the throne and of her Royal person. The General then assumed the command of the detachment of Halberdiers on duty in the Palace. General MlacCrohon, who commanded on the 16th one of the columns of troops operating in the suburbs of Madrid, was to bepromoted to the rank of Lieutenant-General Favours were likewise to beconferredon the Alarquis delDuero and Generals Ros de Olano, Dulce, Serrano, Messina, the MarqTis de la Solana, &c. At 7 o'clock on Monday evening, when the firing was most intense, the Queen left the Royal Palace, accompanied by the King, t,he Mtinisters. Generals, and other political men, wrho had offered he:r their services, and reviewed the troops and national militia stationed at the Palace. Her MIajesty then bravely advanced to the Arch del Armeria, amid the enthusiastic accdamations of the troops, and afterwards visited the wounded. General Serrano Bedoya, having resigned the military government of the capital on the 14th, was replaced yro tempore bv Brigadier Blas Pierrad, Colonel of the Infantry Regiment of the Queen. General Armero, Captain-General of Old Castile, on hearing that the throne was in danger, immediately marched for MIadrid with three battalions of infantry and eight squadrons of cavalry. The General anived in the capital in the evening of the 16th, aud was presented to the Queen by the Minister of War. He gave Her Majesty the assurance that no danger was to be apprehended on the side of Castile, and that order was perfectlv restored at Yalladolid, Palencia, and Rioseco. The troops whidch had arrived from Castile being useless at Madrid, were ordered to return to their respective garrisons. General Amero was to be elevated to the rank of General of Division. GeneralEspartero retired to the hotel of the wvidow of General Gurrea shortly after the Queen had accepted his resignation. The General was stili at INadrid, and intended to proceed to Arganda, a small town five leagues distant from the capital. The Government had placed under arrest, in their domiciles, General Ferraz and Briaadiers Canedo and Valdez, for not presenting themselves to the Government, or having commanded battalioiis of the militia against the troops. The battalion of \Ii. Valdez, however, took no part in the engagement, having dispersed on reaching the square of Bilboa. Valencia was tranquil on the 16th. The district had been declared in a state of siege, conformably to the orders of the Government. T1he Gazette of the 18th publishes a series of Royal decrees superseding in their posts the Governors of the provinces of GraRada, Valencia, Saragossa, Albacete, the Balearic Islands, Guadalajara, and Lerinda, and appointing their successors. L. Valentin Ferraz ceased to be Inspector-General of the National Guards of Spain, and his functions were conferred, pro tempore, on hI Rios Rosas, Minister of the Interior. By another Royal decree General Prim, Count of Reuss, wvas remaoved from the government-of- Granada, the Queen declarg herself satisfied with his .service3, of hich Her Majesty intends again to avai'l herself on his return from Franlce. The Gazete containsthe following.IRoyaldecree:-, W Wishing to give aproof of the satisfaction I feel at the loya!lty, valour, sad enthuigasm displayed bythe troons ofall arms composing the garrson of this capital, I have decreed "'Art. 1. All the Generals and officers.who have boeen wonided shall be immediately promoted to the rank- atbove the one they occupy. '"At. 2. The soldiers who 'have distingsished themselves shall be decorated with the Cross of Mlaria Isabella Inis, and reeive apen lori'for life ef30-'eals per m6nth. Those who have been wounded shall,.i entitled to a pension of GO0 reals per month, and those rendered unfit for ser vice by their wounds to 6 reals per day. I reserve to myself, besides, thle right of recompensing the exploits of Generals and officers conformably to the merit of each. " CArt. 3. TheX2ational Guards wtho, -faithful to their oatb, continued to perform duty in the Royl Place ar comirised -ithin the above provisions.' , !?he casualties of the troop5 are etim ated 'at betwreen.40. ani 50 killed and 150 wotuded. The losseos of- the -isurgeats ere not yet lown. One offtlie battaitonssof themilitaywhichsuiMerecliodt, the 1st battalion-of Atillery, had- 45 meri yo-s do ctwa7 The-Royal toops enggaed conisted of'13 bi;13slo:ns, :with 50 pieoe far lery,in- all about 3 6,000 saen. The cavilryi Zesed of 2,000 men, Iwg employed outside the gat,e 3._. Je yup the ff eonzma betweenl f e olnS tO which theloyal forwerwe dipvi&d-d.i Ninet~en. tousnd muthet a &-ols? iquntity of pisf,ols, Ssabres, IsaSces, &c. Ju~d b1ie iuwrenjerea, by the1ational uad di Diibitai of imarT. The 57,000,000 of rals forwa'ded .l Fnceo by the 13anish .Credit 3Mobilier Coma yitel to he5 Goverimnent liad- arrived it Ia&rid, and:were de~posted iniithe court of tihe Pala ' dui-ng the insurrection-. -v C A tele¢rathic despatch dated.'BarelonaJuiily i9 "Yeste4dayj at 5 in the afteraoon, a moreAiert tboI lace her. The Generalat once sent the Gcvernmenii froops to the inxsurgeats,who'dispersnl, to ntrench them- . sel-ms in the ~ ~ ~ to niel~i selv'ia. the, manufaciuring quarters to- the weit of -the ambla. By 11 oclock 14 bicades wrerafsed, but ini ; hour after the principal ones were tasken'by assgalt, ind th-e others were nmo -defended., This inorning-everythiug-': seemed perfecgy tranouiL Afterwards a battalion ofthe regular troops-ar.d som cnompanies: of.the2NatioWl-Guirds ' decLaredinLiavoUrofthe insusgents. B uorder fromt;heGene-, ral at once directed the N'ationai Guard to bedisolyed, and the:armsto begivcnunp-witUinthd-spsa of anhour. The delivery oi' the arms -was effected -without opposition. At n1 o'clock some new barricades were raised on the Plaza de Prado. By noon they were talen by the troops, General Basecds has received a -womnd. T'he filing is nowcontinuing, but the advantage remains everywhere with the troop6. The insurgents only occupy at' present in the town 5het+erracesof -a fwhouses. Te troops behave admirably." TURKEY. (FROMe O0n OWNl cCORaRESPONDMiTr.) CONlSTATl'OPITE, JuLY14; The question of the Eaimakans in the DanubiaPrincipalities has at last been decided. It seezns that the hEnistry has understood that there are things whlich not even a TurLiseaMinistry can allow, and that it would. be a mockery to the feelings of the neople of WaUsachia, asnd an insult to WesternL Europ, fto appoint to the provisional Government of that cSountry at the most critical and delicate moment a man who is -the soul of the present system of corruDtion in Vallachia, and who ias been the most active promoter ofthe Cireco-Wal. lachian Leegion which fought against the allies inl the Crimea' Jean 2Marco has thus been given up, and the Mlinistry returned to its orginal choice for Wallachi.i to Piince Alexander Ghika. Thefirmans are to be made out immediately for both Xaimakans. The chief object of care and anxiety which now occupies the Court and Government is the great dinnerto be given by the Sultanto the Commancdersin-Chief of The allied armies. To dine, or not to dine, is te question. It is against custom that a-nybody except his immediate attendants should be l)remset at The Sultan's table, much more so is it that he should dine at the same table vwith anybody. As, however, he infringed the former custom b y partakinlg of refreshments at the balls of the two -anbassadors last wvinter, the Ministers proposed that he should go a step further and preside at the dinner which is -to be given to the Commanclers of the allied armies. The Court is against this desecration of M1ajesty, and there is now a struggle going on between the Court and Ministers on the subject, -which is still undecided. The dinner ought to have taken place on Saturday last, but was deferred till Tuesday, on account of the non-arrival of Sir W. Codrington. The latter is supposed to have left the Crimea on Satu rday about noon, the timie fixed for the final evacuation, at which time the Russian flag was to have waved over Balaklava and Kamiesch. Sir William sent one of his aides-de-camp down in the Royal George, wvhich arrived -with the 50th Regiment on Saturrday last. He intends only to stay 12 hours, So as to be present at; the dinner. Lord Lyons is likewise expected from -the Crimea. He arrived here from Malta on Friday last on board the Caradoc, and proceeded almost immediately to the Crimea. I told you in my last of the robbery coinmitied on the road from Shumla to Varna. The Pasha of YTarna, as soon as he heard of the deed, set out himself in pursuit of the criminals, and they were found. They are all five of them Bulgarian Christians, forming part of an organized band -which has for somne time infested that neighbourhood. A c- coraing to more recent details, the crime was commnitted in the most cowardly way. The robbers rushed outandupsetthe arabain which the partywas travelling, and then fired into it. wounding the doctor in the arm and killing his companion and assistant, who tried to defend himself and to escape. Another, if possible, more atrocious crimehas been commnitted nearer to the capital, on boarcl the English bark Globe. She had a mixed crew, the master, the mate, two sailor and a boybeing English, and the five other sailors Italians-namely, three Neapolitans, a Yenetian, and a Triestine. These lat,er determined to assassinate all the English on board, take away whatever they could, and make their escape in the boat. The vessel was. comig in from the Black Sea 'to the Bosphorus when they resolved to carry out their design. They had carefully prepared everything, and went even so far as to se^ure all the table knives vhich could have served as arms. About 3 o'clock in the morning on Monday last the boy awoke, hearing a groan near him, and, looking np, he saw one of the Italians busy cuttingthe throat of one of the English sailors,who wras asleep. The boy, frightened, rushedto the cabin vwhere -the master and the mate (his brother) were sleeping, to give the alarm; they had only just time to shut themselves tp in the cabin when the smuaerers, having shot the other English sailor, who was at the wheel, came up and tried to force the door. Seeing that they could not succeed, they lowered the boat, took with themwhatever they could lay hands on, and pushed off for the Asiatic coast. When they were gone the rmaster and mate brought in the vessel with great difficulty, and gave information of what had happened to Admiral Grey and the Turkish authorities of the port. Tlhe Admiral sent off immediately the Recruit, one of the gunboats, in pursuit of the fugitives, while the Turks gave a detachment of marines. After followving the coast for about 30 miles, they got the first information at a place called Shivi, where three European sailors had been seen. A party of soldiers was landed, who attacked them, and two were captured and identified by the master. The third escaped. While this party was chasing these three the Recruit went on to the next place - and caught anotner. There are indications that the fifth man has been murdered by his accomplices' The Recruit has brought back the three who were caught, ancl they will, I hear, be sent to Malta to be tried there. I -wrote some time ago about the want of a criminal irnisdiction for English subjects in this place. Now.hereis aflagrant case. The whole affair is so clear that it would be settled in a few days, and the criminals hung utp at the yard-armn of onle of the men- of-war, as an example; instead of which -they will go to Mfalta, where the case will very likely drag on for some months, and the men perhaps be only transported. On Saturday, at 3 o'clock a.m., the town of Pem was put into commotion by the cries of "Fire," and' before two hours had passed six wooden houses, in one of the narrowest streets, were burnt down, in spite of the speedy assistauce which English, French, and Turkish engines renaered. The fire was only stopp-ed by the storehouses on each side. While the fire lasted the plate c-f Major Brett, who lives in the same street, but -was that day in the country, was stolen. The practice is on these occasions to remove as much as possible from the neighbourinohouses. This was donein Major Brett's house, aA when the things were taken back again the platechest had disappeared, together with that officer's Indian medals. I hea just. at this moment that the Banshee is in, with Ad Nral remantle ani Colonel Hallewell, Assistant-Quartermaster-(-eneral. She bring"s the news of the complete evacuation of the Cinea on the 12th by the English. The Itussians marched in and took possession of alaldava, relheving the British troops on duty. The weather in the Black Sea is very bad, and it wsm with difficulty that the, Banshea left Balakiava. The Himalaya takes the rezt of the Germaul Legion on ifidaynext; They were -to'have gone to-day, but they have.to help at the embxrcato2n of, some heavy stores. - The Perseverance will to-morrow lear thehospitals here andSat R-snlaioi. The Urgent is i andwlIlleave shortly, nd tak6e ie restof the Sw from Smyrna. The infantry dep6t from Scutaris- illing -up with draught. - -' The Simla is ex tedat-the. endofthe eco take the D troop -of Roy IHorseArllcryand head-. quarters of Kings Drogon -uards; the - : S.' Lindsay the Saippes i-eld'Tiii,O Wedue-- day; andait ishope the ilbatros wfil iake the rest of--the King's )goon amd- The Siffibra - ad- Resolute will clear the remamecr. and i cldays hence the flat red coat -will hae kla TU*T>
-. JULY-E2TES ATJ BJ3RSELS. (roioxm oww coRy?p-qPONO1nrTAl,1 - BRUSSELS, TuESIlr A^\oo ' Byn fav'.urite commonplace wt; oft talkdof thisins' " beggaring description," when, in filet, the paucity f'tho wrords is cau'ed by the poverty of the subject, Butr really the aspect presented all over Brusseli yesterdy wa such as tortendert.hat hackneye-dphrase singular y appropriate. There was so much going_ on at every point, such scenes at successive triurnphal arches, every one of which would be fully worthy of a special account; there wvs something so unique and so ipressive inthe scene in the Place St. Joseph, and in the sentiment by which it was obviously pervaded, that the highest pictoria2 ark could not be better employed than in reproducing the. entire solemnity; and yet, when one begins to attempt a description of the grand. iabteact -t-ivartt, one finds that a multituderedolent with life andc grouped into the moat picturesque masses slirivels up into a dry list of functionaries as soon as pen and ink are employed, and that-for the -most august spectacle that the ima"j. nation could conceive terrms must be uised fit only for an ordinary "Lorcd Mayor's show." To convey even a faint notion of the scone of yesterday, the shortest method is to advise the rcader to raise in his own mind every image thlat is majestic, solemn, brilliant, and even grotesque, arrantge them ixto beautiful complexity, and then console himself -with the assurAnce that he has fallen far short of the reality. As the position of the Kling in the Place St. Joseph was far beyond the earshot of the most fa-voured spectators, aUl that passed betvween him and the Presidents of the two Legislative Chambers might be considered completely confidential till this morning, when the official copies of the addresses and the King's reply were published. The most striking passage in the latter was the brief review of the progress of Belgium since the Revolution. "Soon," said His MateY, "thanl;s to the good spi2it of the country, order and unity appea.-ed in the mtidst of the momentary confusion; doubt and uneasiness were saceeeded by confidence and security. Strengthened within by the organization of her different adshinibtrations, and by the foundation of a national dynasty, the country rose froma her sad isolation, and saw her independence guaranteed by the most solemn treaties. An intelligent activity was intprinted on the works of public utility; the existence of an army, strong through discipline, was secured; the sources of prosperitywere reopened; commerce and indtistry were eeveloped with almost miraculous rapidity; and that old and precious branch of our national industry, agriculture, followed in the movement, by meaws of judicious imurovements. Literature, science, and act shone forth as in the b2ightest days of our history.,' The year I548 was briefly touchedl upon, as a -crisis through which Belgium passed, to her own -honour and advantage. Not the least pleasing part of the exhibition was the demonstration of personal good-will between the King and his subjects. There was evidently a feeling ] of pride among the persons who composed the Bel- I gian crowd, and of affection towards the Sovereiga in whose honour the ceremony took place. "C C'est bicn pour la Belgiqle " exclaimed one sturdy bourgeois, as he surveyed the throne erected for the festivity. "11 elst Wens aime, ce roi !" was the responsive ejaculation. And as the Kijan passed on foot tlrough files of his enthusiastic subjects the good-humoured nod with which he returned their shouts gave evidence of that excellent understanding which, as history relates, goes so far in Belgium, and which stil maakes Charles V. dnrell in. the minds of the people as a popular figure, in sharp contrast to Philip IL So eminently public is the character of this fete that even the grand banquet given at the Palais de la Nation to the King and Royal family yesterday evening did not remove him from the eyes of his subjects. At the early hour of 9 o'clock (the banq3uet commenced at 7) the Choral Societies, " under 'the direction of M. Fischer," Ihaving already given a vocal and instrumental concert on the terrace of the Ducal Palace, which is fitted up as a temporary Orchestra, moved towards the Palais de la NTation, and there serenaded the King with various national airs. The King and his family appeared in the balcony to acknowledge the compliment, and re- I mained during the whole of the performance. Here he was again greeted by the loyal multitude assembled in a dense mass in front of the palace, and shouts of " Five le Roi 2" echoed on every side. The banquet, brief as it was, went off as a cheerful supplement to the more public festival of the morning, and on such a magnificent scale was the haUl decorated, that to-day it is shown, at a franc a-head, for the benefit of the poor. At nightfall commenced the illumination of the park, which was hung all round with festoons of flowers, and set at short intervals with paper 1an*teons, while at every gate were two illuminated columns. An additional ornament to the park is a series of medallions, inscribed with the memorable events of King Leopold's reign, including works of public utility. For instance, one medallion rccords the sanction given to the Antwerp Railway; another, the improvement of the port of Ostend. Thus, while the King is honoured with medireval promp, and, in a great measure, according to mediaeval form, the practical good of his reign is constantly kept in sight. Belgium has a mind to .-how that she is not merely getting up a glittering masquerade, but that her three days of jollity are in commemoration of solid benefits. The same spirit finds its way into the allegories of the triumphal arches, and by the siele of grim Franks and Batavians, and of such old-fashioned virtues as " Wisdom," " Fortitude," and 1he like, that most modern of all moral excellences "Progress" finds a conspicuoits place, and looks as showy as the best of them. The public g,arden in a corner of the park, which rejoices in the name of " Wlauxhall," was illuminated with especial I rilliancy, and was honoured by a visit from, the King, who added the fife champ6tre at this favourite spot to his long list of the day's festivities. It should be understood that the illumination of the park last night is not the grand general illumination o f the July dtes. l7 at will tak-e place to-night on the Boulevards, and, judging from the preparations already made, will be oll a most extensive scale. This morning all Belgium, which, to the joy of hotelkeepers, is condensed into a Bruissels crowd, turned out to see the grand review of the Civic Guard and the Army, who occupied the Rue Royale, and defiled through the Place de Palais. in presence of the Kiing. During the whole of this review the rain, as if to make up for the pause of yesterday, descended in torrents, and the Princesses on the Royal balcony contemplated the spectacle beneath the shelter of umbrellas. Nevertheless, Belgian loyaltypassed safelythrough the watery ordeal. The park and the streets adjoining were densely crowded, and, though the review lasted upwards of two hours, not an individual stirred from his post, provided aglimpse was to be obtained of the King, or even of the passing bayonets. There is one universal holyday, which is<to be kept at any price.
Sm C. BA1nRy AND THE NLEW PALAci AT VESTlj RP.-A Pariiaientary paper pub3ished on Tuesday =ves tom pariclrs of the negotiations betwveen Sir C. 13rf nd t 3; Govrernment respecting M3s renmuneration as architect of the new palace at WYestminster. The Lords of the Treasury, in a special minate, observo that it is clear from the premises-1, That Sir Charles Barry accepted a certain tpoposed Sum, after a distinct refusal of explamation rezardinz the principle on which it was proposed; 2, That DOewaswellaware athetime that it was far short of the usual remuneration to arcbite(.A; and, 3, That he woll understood that it was intended as the whole remuneration which L was to receive for the sanrintendence, direction, and comuletion of the intended Edf ad that it i now, therefore, too late for him to raise questions and found clai's. Their forr3eisu accordingly concur in the recommendations of the rirst Commissioner of Work, ai9d desire that Idinister to govern himslf therebiv. These are to the elect that Sir C. Barry do receive, at a fristlher remuneration for services i?connted with the waImiag, lighting, sadc ventilain arrangements, a stum of 4,92I, ran that an allowanc t for measurement of 1 per cent, boe forthe future made onliy31n such accounts asrequire the service of a surveyor for- their preparation, unless the architect be authorized by the Board of Works, under the apiproa2l Of the Treasury, to make any specil charge fohv special services so authorized. In-bringing this mattor to a- conclusion, their Lordships feel it zih toI sreta whenthe agred o ajaymnttoir . Barry at a rate of I per cent, for measuring they bad before them a report, of lihe Board of Works~, whence it appeared that if the, maea- rg wenered condlucted munder the direction of the board -he r9.emunraction to virofeEsional ineasurera :for the work would he made by 'a commission varying from I to .b; p)er cent." Their lordships therefore comadet that in. allowing Sir 0. Barry i per cent. ho will] recive am Ile 3 emureration for any duties imposed' upon limn pCrsonsUy in coninexion with the measuoring; and they add that~ unider the circumstances, they will liave conceded payments!to hi&a c-onsiderably exceeding the sum to which he wooull bave. teen ezntitled for the inere duty of mneasuring. CZ.YSTAeL FAI~c.AF-Oss Ssnn,sfG D,y.--Wed. mesday, July 2PL-AAinissioraaon &Ymeut, 9,i141; diLto bY. saso tickets, 787; totA visitors, 10,734.
THE A2IGONAL lBALANCB-SHBEET.- 1. The following -is an account of the -gross puid incoQmeI of tho united. kiWigdeaa of :Great Batum. l-and Ireland in the year ended tll 3Oth day of 'ne, ; 1856, anld of te actual ises .or pament4 within tbth.e same period, exelwive -of the- sams applied to ,Theriedemption of funde&6r.paying off Unfunded l, debt, and of zthe advances and repa menta- for Iocal I o9rk, &o. 'The following is an accont of the balances of the public mioney remaining in the Exchequer on the 30th day of June, 1855; the amount of money raised by the additions to the fttndedl or imfunded debt in the year ended the 30th day of June, 1856; the money applied towards the redemption of the funded or paying off unfunded debt, &c.; the total amount of advances and repayments on accountof local works, &c., with the difference accruing thereon, and the balances in. the Exchequer onl the 30th day of June, 1856
[Af 0-',VBY-MAT.XE-T.4n&VITY BYTELLIOBNOX. I- . :. - . . i . Wednesday E.ve'n ng. .The.Engli5h..funds. opened Itoad. at the cosing prices'of lajst eveuing, buit`t h& was isbseouipetly' a deniand for stock, iand the tore of -the 'nirket im-' ! proved. onsol. .for w moneywe fiit quoted 95?; toi,.and:they left off at. 9Q'to f fo'r money; an 9 .to 96: for tie 7th lof Augustt. Bank Sto& closed 210k tbo 217; Red.uced,. 96 to a eT`hree psr ients., 25A to i;y-An.nuities, 18 0; Irdia Stock, .233 to 236; India-boads, 21s. to 24s.premitun; Exche4uer-bonds,.. '10 to-i; and Exchequer-bill, 20s. to 24s. premu A payment of 1,QOOW,000. on the last loan falls due to morrow. There was therefore some inquir for money-this afternoon on the Stock-Exchange.. The supply, however, was ample at 36 per cent. For7eign securities were 'firmer 'towards the'close of business, purchases having.then generally increased. Turkish Six.perCents. were negotiated at 104i and 4 for the aCcount; tte Small at.104. In the' Guaranteed Four per Ceots. transactions too'-place for the acc6iint at'1063 and b' Vehnezuela, 33& ; Austrian Five per Cents., 90; Brazilian Five per Cents., 1.01; Chilian Six per Cents., 104&; Ecuador Provisional Land Warrant, 4; Granad Deferred, 7i; Russian Five per Cents., IlU; Sardinian Five per Cents., for account, 921 and 4; Spanish Three Dor Cents., for money, 44A and 45; for the account, 44A; the New Befeed, for the account, 241, i, 24; and 244; Spanish Certificates, Gk and i; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 054; the Four per Cent. Certificates, 97i and 97; and Peruvian Dollar Bonds, 62. The corn-market was steady this morning at the rates of Monday. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening were 70f. 75c. for money and 71f. for the end of the month, showing a recovery of a quarter per cent. The letters from Paris give a rather improved account of the appearance of the Bourse. The absence of transactions, usuial at this season, 'when many persons have left the city, coupled with the Spanislh quiestion and the demand.for bullion, continued to cause great dulness, bat it was thought that the market was now much relieved from the pressure of heavy sales, and that even a few moderate purchases would cause a considerable rebound. At Hamburg the money-market has become easier, the rate of discount having dteclined to v per cent. A large amount of gold, it is said, is being sent to the Bank of Viemna, which is drawn from Lorndon and Paris. Whether this is with a view to any resumption of cash payments on the part of Austria has not transpired. it is believed that the liabilities of MIessrs. Adais, of the Hertford and Ware Bank, which stopped yesterday, amount to about 100,0001., and that the assets are not likely to exceed 20,0001. The UJnity Bank have opened br-anches at Hertford and Ware. The return recently published of the accounts of assurance associations contains all the documents furnished to the Registrar of Joint-Stock Companies by the offices established since the Joint-Stock Companies A ct of 1844, and -which alone are required to prepare annual statements for public registration. Owing to the deficiencies of the act, which provides neither the form of balance-sheet to be submitted nor any proper means of enforcing compliance with its provisions, these accounts are in manyinstances of the mostvague and unsatisfactory description. They Dive some leading figures, however, which are suflicient to indicate the general x.rogress of each office, the extent to which itis funds have been drawnuUpOnI, and the plans it lhas pursued in order to gain business. As regards fire insurance companies, these particulars wil be found condensed in the following table. It shows the operations of n:ne offices for the specific periods over which their latest returns !extend. In three cases-namely, the Royal, the Manchester, and the Lincolnshire-the traulsactions appear to have been of a perfectly satisfactory character, a surplus of profit being exhibited after the paynient of dividends. In the six remaining cases-namely, the Equitable, the Lancashire, the Unity, the British Empire Mlutual, the National Provincial, and the Times-the expenditure has been largely in excess of the receipts. This result is the most striking in the instance of the Unity, because the accounts of that company extend over a longer period than those of the National Provincial and the Times, which would otherwise be stiU more remarkable. In three yeass, I during which the receipts of the Unity have been 59,521 I., an expenditure has been incurred of 115,1061., includiing 10,7891. distributed in dividends. The plea for this system is that by a large outlay for advertisements, agencies, &c., a connexion is formed which in future years will more than repay the money at first risked, and that the amount should consequently be placed under " prelimina-y expenses" and be provided for by appropriations out of futuire profits through a long period. It wilU be for the public to judge how far the argument is to be carried, and whether it will justify such figures as are now presented. It is certain that if every other insurance office, in order to meet this kind of competition, were to pursue a similar course they would all speedily be ruined: "AN ANALYSIS QF THE TRANSACTIONS OF SOME OF THE EXISTING FIRE INSURANCE COMPANIES, BEGISTERED 1UNDER THE JOLIT-STOCIC CoNrANc,?' Acr 7 A;;D 8 ViCTORIA, C. 100, ABSTRACTED FROM THE PARLIAMENTARY I`ETTURN OF AsstuuNcr CoPirANmEs JUST ISSUED. From the above tabular statement it appeazs that the total Icsses and expenses have averaged on the net preniunin receipts, &c., 9641 per cent.; i.ncluding dividends, 10961 pEr cent." Annexed are the paid-up capital and funds of the above-named Sre offices Cap'tal Funds iuvest,d. paid up. &c., and in hauo-- Royal .. .. . . .. .. 277,515 372,394 IManchester . . . lCO.O 19.2171 Equitable . . . 49.60S 33.002 In=aslixe . . . 1.,4 1401462 Unity .. . 13,(32 S6,903 Brtih Enipire Mlutual .. - tShonal Froviuol . . . 25, 001 184471 lincolnshire1....709 20.35 Timea s . . . 3.30 4,SS) - Anchort . . . .1S .0777 89.579 1iorth of Englandt . . . 153s01 59 733 Dfefendert... 31.787 47.82S These eanounta include duty due to the Goven t, and other t Ineluding life funda. 'The following ire companies have not registered any accounts-viz. "The Athenomn (winding ap in Chance-y), the Emperor, the London Mercantile, and the Saxon." And the following have been dissolved-viz. The British; lng1ish and Cambrian; Halifax, Brad,. ford, and E;eigbley ; Legal and Commercial *;Nationall Guar-: I dan, ation31 Mercantile, ; reston and lNorth Lanc3shire* P ;rotestant; Sceptre; Star; and Timas FIire and Property.'~ Th'e proaspcctu3 has been i.xsued of the Copiapo :Extension daiiwav, with a capital of 180,0001., in E101. shares. It is to be a continnation of the existing line from the port of Caldera, in Chili, to ' iapo. That 3ine, which has yielded large dividends, is 74 miles in length, and the present add - |tion is to carry it into a new and rich. mining district- and is to be 27 miles. The whole of the. shares are stated to have been tb&en -up, anl the works are expected to be completed in a year. A correspondent mnentions~ that seven months back the West MIariposa Company stated they were about to. return :4s 6d. per share. Nothing, he says, has since been heard of it.
THE CORY TBADE. IOIN-EXOHANGZ. WxDN-sDoA. JuT 23. The arTivals have increased. espedDUy of foregn butethe market I nob greatly veied in sppealan^e Only a himied bminen ba6 been I .slne4 at fnrmt.rrxt+ LIVER1'OOL, Jun 22. Tbe arrivals from Irelaud andcoastwise dmur6g tb past week have been quite insigoficant. From foreign porte, howvever. we have received 3S.357 quarters of wheat, 3.047 quarters of burley. 15,F21 quarters of Indian vgrn. 8.6S7 sacks and 107,177 barrels of dIour; bs-ides 1.1C4 quarlers of wheat sad 3.311 barrels of felur from Cada. The exports in the came timnec omprise 4,417 quarters of whust, 2,0S2 quarters of oats, 8.,02 quarters o' Indian corn, 1,517 saC,s and 4,014 barrel' of flour. W}2h ectinued rain zed unsettled weather there has been a very goodconsumptive demand for aU articles and great irmness in the traee; the late large American arrivals have so far had no effect on price3-ina 2s, as-parcels ready for delivery are cxtremely scrce, holders of eush have bern enabled to ecact rathier more money from needy buyers. At this day's market there waa a good attendance of the town and countrytoadeasdof l-uyers frm , distance. Wbeatandeiourmet with a good consumptive demand. and. tbere being a bettershow of samplesthanofl.te, a considerable amo-unt of bueoness resulted at Friday's prices, beiug Id. to 2d. per 7Qlb. overtheratesofTuesdwlast forf Oequalitiesof aheat as,dfullpricesfor ordinary consanditour. Oats and oatmeal, with a fair demand. fuly maintained ate rat.e. Barley, busnu, and peas were in linhited request,ow-ingtothebigh prices aklzed. Inidian corn wvs ecerceayas much inquiredforas of l-te; however. holders being generalLv fudm the sales made were generally at the quotations of Friday, or Is. per quarter over thowe of this day weet.'
THEa ELcF=c= TsLEGtAPrH iN LYDiA.-We have received a copy of Dr. O'Sbaugbnesss first report on the operations of the Electric Telegraph Department in India, from the 1st of February, 1855, to the 31st of January, 1856. ahe volume is so fu}l of tabular statements, maPS, and plasm that it is not very easy to describe it. The reason for not carrying the report futher back is given 'bo Dr. O'Shaughnessy in the introductory letter, --ramely, that the rewrts and documnents previously published by order of tbe onse of Commons give sufficient inforinatlon onS the shb3ect upz to the time at vhicb the report befor us6cormmences. The total numnber of despaubes traiismitfed for the 12 months i'ncluded in thb eport was 9,971, of vhich 8,5S3 7ere private, and 1,438 public service despat6hes. Of these,'smiht'ba expected,byfar thegreater part x ibet*een ' Borubiy ind Calcutta, and Bombay and iras,;iboingthbattbecornunercialintelligetcereceivedby mail either from Europe orChina is what givethsecbieF employmenttothetelegrapL Of theipaidmewages,notlewthan 2,864 irere aent by native correspondents. Thesuperiitendent says:-"I see every reason to conclude that the future income of the department will increase far beyond all our anticipitions. While the European community are ccmparatively avery limited class, thenative 3nerchants; bark-ems, ftndholders, and gentry maybe considered asinnhmerable.-The number of native correspondents iaccordingly increasing daily. Not oDly do they mselbe lines for financdal business4but 'on tbe' moaV delicate and secret matters af fcctiiig 'family- krrsn nents,. betrothals. marriages, and other donestic affairs, of which they treat wilh an absetece of il'disguise vwhich is almsost beyondt belief." Tne receipts baae aversaced Conipany's rupes 10,089-1-2 per month- of this"2the' aicitti' oflie. ilone retrna monthly Com; pany's upeess 4,433-12. The -e*iMe idespatches Ibeing estimatedn St' ihe 'same rate, Dr. -U'Shaugineey thiimks the: -whole value! of ih6 work done in the -ear is hot less than two lics'- of rupeeas This is very o. couraging, for there can be to doubt that when the whole line has icgnied -public co&ndenae by eing found invariably pUnctUale ld: accurate1 the businews -will vastly incresse. At the conmmencement of such a-vst ent'e-nse -some failures 'and diappaintneintt wrere unavoidable, - but they have been. fewer thanS might have been resonably expected in a country lnble tti uch E'evere stormis, and where the lines have innian instaces been carried.through forests or acroBs torrents. -he doctor oxreEses no su:dli surprise tha the Santls. dii lDot cut th3e line, as he aavs, " I believe such an escape Ias never occ urred in 'an' -otber countrv *he s,ene-of civil-disturbnes.om" Mbe fact iii that the Santals are utterly incapable of comprehendiai shbe ise' to.which tbh line is applied, and probably regard itkas''n offering t the gods, which- jt 'roulil be inspion's and: d.gcrus t o meddle rith. Terrihte as are the fihunderstoiruis wshich prevail:over nearly all In1a the precautnins taken to preent injuries to the o~ffoes or persons, aniiployed; haveproved comlpletely succecssul, thopgn the insc Lave bteen repeatedly uek-clcs-G4z¢Eigrii.aM$,.
- - I "i ]A I EIDGKO Z ", - '' OTs''- o :-,7 ..= ' 'iAe5i"iy r5VDh.iing of this, h , -wdy **S+Xn-v,on,-'-,Ye"- -'- -F-1or.iwa;is-7 The-- Secretary havit -read -the notice eon,eaint ! Tni, TheAIR IN a that, t they Ia pEnonal effortw.nd e om ote thea : nl-hnwdthy:dtheitfrfieoda.couldl scicdly be eooireLi Juhan *ia. Tmr hey had perseveted intheUir effoa&' zd hd-ehofulea'e' onfidene6 in being-aisle to eflWck refonration in th, -m6de'of; deIing "with the teMrets involved, and thAt the Still mimlt SDoCC truth sd carry them thr6aghs and evntut prevail. '!- s railway diretor& were not aiiong their-greatiet n pp .- the had met with counteaanoe *ven rfrom 2aih; y boao: direators. Xehadsthat morng ehuster, the- chdaIran of the Brighto tomcn,-which was amstted'oz bhi otnt1emna 't ;d. him o w o,a f nthta bard -of ecteslsonld miol eieceed ~mnc ini nru - ~ b Ar,:and- that seven, would ba A better,, Itunb. tlthn nine for a board, because they otald work Inuclr better than a greater number. e did noct approve: ot d ivding the members of bodrB intD novani comnuittie5; at by that means the generil body knew very littlef About tlhe affairs of the company. "The great' objectin chooiini' directorsws to get men of business, wbo-were not-addicted to jobbing, and who held at-least 5,e0o,. iL the stock of th3' ccsmpany. They should. also endeavour to conduct -f.i affairssof the companyon everroccasion s- they wuould their' own private affairs. - They should -be -on theirt guard at meetings aganst the advocates of engineers, ccntractors, and lawyers-leading themr into the adoption, of. net schemes. The opponents of the association haad stated that they would -never -do any good, but he' woifrefer them to .thea fact of the redaetion of th'e duty on proxy sti:6pg from 2s. 6 L to 6G bJ means of theirexertiows. - If they sdid no -other good than -that it wouldcempensate them for their exertions. A deputation fromtle association hadlwaited on the Chancellor of-the33xohequeron.thel2th-of Febriary last; hevery- fairly met the: subject, sad ubsequently, in a liberal andwiae spirit, conceded-the boon sought by the association. 'With regard'to tbe fimancid operations of- the association the subscnrpionsaicountedto 0161.andlthe expenses-to720. lIewishedit-. to be'fuDy understood that no personal responsibility woald be incurred by any member of the associationi, as onRe - of their body and'Ti--MdF, 'if;thejY got into debt, would pay it. The movement, he believed, was of a permanent character, and when it was properly nuderstood y thowe whom it was intended to se?ve-there could be no doubt that it would eventually be vell supported. Theywould have- the accounts audited bef're they were saubreitted, and for that -prpose it would be necessary to appoint two auditors. He then exlalined the nature of the - contest they had had with the directors of the Eastern Ccunties Comipany in.Parliament to prevent s bill passing wlich indemiufied the directors for all theirformer"acts ildealing with the funds of the company;, and also enabling them to raise a further sum of 900,0001. on mortgage or prefeience capital. In con-equenceof the opposition -byt-he aszociation the Provisions in the bill for indemnifying the directors were abndoned, and by that means a Wharncliffe nieting was avoided;butitwasargedbeforecommitteesof tbe: Lords and Commons by the promoters of the bil that unless the money powers sought were granted it would be impossible to plare the railway in a safe state for public tra&ic. Those powers were therefore granted to the Eastern Coun. ties Comuany to raise a further smn of between 700,0001. and 8g,,Oa on preference capital. They had done some>thir,g, e all events, for shareholders in some of the companie.s, and he bad no doubt, if shareholders generally would. act in the right direction with more energy and in greater numbers, that railway propertywould soon be one of the frst properties in the lingdom. He then read a letter from tr. roadrood, a very large railway proprietor. approving tbtcourse adoptedbythe association, enclosinga subscription' of 201, and qxpressiDg an opinion that the present system of railv,ny manmsement was a nationaldisgrace. Tethen read a letter from lr. Cowley, of Runcorm, expressing an opinion' that railway reform was much needed in the various boards. of direction, particularly wAith regard to sanctioning unremm. nerative rates and in exercising an adverse influence to the interests of the shareholders. 'They now proposed to 'call thte attention of the members of the association to the propriety of presenting a memorial to the Government for the purpose of obtaining a better system of management for - railway plroperty. B:e 'na not then prepared to say what [ they required, but he ' id atllude to various point5 which m required amendment, and they woeled have time to consider Lbetween that and the time for presenting the s.ee-- morial, prior to the next siession of Parliament,whati was necessary for the object they had in view. Ie wrould be for all those who wvere inter ested to point outt in thel meantime anything-they deemed of imnportance, as the wiih of the association was to adopt the right course; ai nd he had no doubt they would be successful, if they con. - duated their affairs with energy, wisdom, and prudence. Some of the railways paid dividends And some did not; the return, tlhough large, was not at all equivalent for the outlay of 300,000,01. on railways. The proprietors reqnired some protection from frauds. Great security for railway property was to be expectedfrom theseparation of thecapital accountfromrevenueaccount. Be beiieved all theirefforts would be invain unless theycouldcompel directors toseparate the capital from the revenue account. He inewtlhatpropositicn would not be palatable to the directors of some companit a, but legislation mnust befor all, and not for a few. The closing of capital accounts mnst also be insisted on. T'heysht-uld have a correct return of all bonds and debentures issued by each company, so asto enable any one to test the legtlity of those securities. The mode in vhich they were created vas open to fraud. He held in his hand a raiiway bord for'3,CO0L, which had merely the comrmon seal of the company and the signature of the assistant secretr-vT attaclled to it. Bonds had Lantally to run for 3, 5, or 7 years, and there would be no difficunty whatever in imitating the seal of the company. The law had made the seal to represenxb the signature of the company, and to bind them to any docementto which it wasattached. Heproposed thatthe seal sbould not bind the company in future, and that the signatures of the directors should be substituted in place of it, or in 3 ddition to it. It was not probable that the bond dobts of railway compsaies would be paid off, and therefore it was necessary to m e some provision with Tespect to them. He woldd have the amount authorized to be issued by each company certified in every case by the Board of Trade. One department should issue the bonds, and another should pay the interest upon them. Directors should not nave the power to nii capital and revenue accounts. Another matter of immense importance was that of uniformity o' accounts. In the present state of things it was impossible to compare the accounts of one company with those of another, as they were made up differently. Th3is was as much requiredfortheinfornnation of directors as for sbareholders, as many of them did not know how they were going on. Something should be done to insure the declaration of honest dividends. The present mode of voting by proxy was open to great objection.- Prodies were required to be lodged with the secretarv thrce days before the meeting ; thesharebolders were thus blindly led into approving of measures which were highly injurious. They intended to propose that proxies should elodged with the secretary seven days after the meeting, instead of three days before it. This would enable shareholders to judge of the inerits of a question and vote accordingly. (Hear, hear. He would also propose ibat a clause similar to that in the Joint Stock Companies Act just passed should be made to apply to railwym companies. It was to the effect that no shareholder should be allowed to vote on a question unless he had held his shares for atleast three months prior to the meeting. He believed that in .he late case of voting in the Eastern Counties Railway a very large number of shares were bought up for the puapose of creating a large number of votes, and were imurediltely sold afterwards. This had, no doubt, turned the scale, and it was important to avoid such things in future. Another mratter to consider was the expediency of limiting the number of directors to seven, or some other less number, requiring thenm to devote the whole of their *me andattention tothe interests and business of the company and, of course, to pay them accordingly. In France the management of railway comgames was generally confided to three directors, and every one M new how well @mrnch railways were managed. He also proposed that a majority of three-fifths of the shareholders, at a meating specially convened for the purpose, should have power to remove a director from offlce. It was also plroposed that two-thirds of the shareholders at a meetingslionldhave power to apply forand obtainaGovernmems. audit oftheaccounts. Theywouldnotthenhavesuchathing happ3n as that recently with respect to the last two half. yearly atc-ounts of the E-astern Counties Railway being unaudited and rejected on that account without a proper means of redress; and it appeared the directors cared nothing about it. s. ORB suggested that the audit should be continuous, and that no accounts should be paid until they were prorerly audited and approved. Men did so in their private affairs, and there was no rtason why it should not be done - for a company. Aiter some obsarvtioon with xewpit to Epecial and secret rates being charged to favoured traders by railway compei; to he injury f other traders, it was contended tht ev-trAderona line hould be treated alike and cbarzed equal rates under similar cirmstncese Sonietbwg shouldlso be done with respect to railway legislation ; the mot. important interests of railwcy companies were generaly left to the deiion by vote of five gentleren who were iu nine cases out of ten not qualioed to adjudisateon such matters. Thepresentsyse-Remof railwavlegiija1. tion required the graves'. consideration with a view to ameument. Major COURT oontended that the 1egislature bad civem shareholders greatwoer, but they had not exercised tem They Fould not take the trouble to bring them into opera, ,ion. They would not listen to any one proposing the exemie eof-tbeir right4 and he thougbt there wa not mucdh to-be, expected from -legislation 'while thoe grat body of shareholders remained inactive and supine. In 1849 3r. 1Ahouehere`brou&ht forward ameasure fortheauditof rsi1' way vacoiunts, but the director told the shaieholders that it was2the commencemesit of Government interferece, aund lkey asisted m the rejection of the bill It also provi&e& forthe mniformityf. ontc Thoughtb& exertas o the late3r. Rus1 r. Glyri, pnd other railway directo the bill sathroun out.-M a did not knmw o6w Gooern- n1nt cou}d protect the tarehiolders when the jo ier owa7i theirown lands an they would not ex3zc se it for therz. selves. -~el 6d~jimfni~ Mr;G S*amorhouhtthe han5i= ad 6her r _enber of the asoiation were untitled to their best thauks foe ~hat. iiheyJ had~ done.. (Hear, bear.). The list of skari:Lol5 haShoVId be accessible to -every A) orholder m a coin pny; so thathe nzixht wowho his partumeweie. ;eo6m. oluded by menDug a resolution approving the recommendstlions of tne conimittee itb respiect to a meruoriil to the Go-- vernment,." i en citing that it be priuted -Y.n "ircue among the shareholders of railwy compbies. > ; , -- - hr.Osnseconde steinoioi and it was id4na- zItt. Griflitha and fr. l loyd were app ted auditors., a wn.the motion of Major OCounT, a n ordial vote of thanks wbs sinioulyv pased t tb ehairman or is eiertiocis lirinoi6ing.theinte.t ,aftlalsare hclde- -_ ,mr The CEiuxxA, i acoknwli the coep1iment, said, iE tX67,Qe000 i o 1 eo to hegke; hir 4
. " w ''X'' - - I ZW ARZiPORT. -- ,, _ COVRT OF CHA iERY. W3 ' -'2' I ooI),V. EASTOWf. ~,- z! . (BefO3etlLORDSJUS-iars ofA.PP,I. .' C JnlIs was a case ot- two appeal3 fzbm a decree of Vice* Chancellor Stuart. The facts were that 31r. Hood,' eing the owner of 19 thirtieth undivi&ed'ps ofiland si.tuateat the Windmill-hills, near Gateshe.d, andi tbe ,mine%and minerals und&r the same, made a mortgage of such shares to Mr. Robert Leadbitter, to secnre 4,2001. and interest, au4 covenantedato confizm ap' lease of the same which Mr. I.e3dbitter might -make ibt 'the' deed dia not give an authority to work the mmes.or to'make a lease. MrcHbod paid off 2,000?. of the money,iand became the owiiei of the renma3n3nig11 thirtieth shares of the plro;perty. In 1853 he had a valuation made gf the coal, 'andi his vaTluei discovered that Mhessrs. Thomasand Fames Eastoi> lessees of coal mines tnder adjoiningtproper-ty,-hadworked-the main coal seam under Mr. Hood's land.: This had been done with the sano tion of Mr. Leadbitter for the parpose of the,-fessrs. Easton exploring and examindng the valuo of the coal, with the view of fheir-hecoming lessees. The coal, how-ever, raised was of the value cf %35. 3Ir.Hood f3led his biIl, eeldum' an aceount oi tho money duo to 3fr. Leadbitter on his niortgage, that lr. Hood might be alloivid to redeem, and that in taking the amounts an account nmight be taken of the value of coal raised by theMessrs. Easton and of the damage 20nne by them to the surface, and that they and lir. Leidbitter might pay the same after deducting themoney due on the mortgage. The Vice-Chancollor rnade a deeze in the plaintiflc favourin all respects exceptas to surface damages, requiring the defendants to account for all the money they ,bad irceived from the ssle of the coal withou.: their being allowed any money for the cc.sti they'had been at in obtain- i. Ali the defendants appealed. Mr. Wigram and Mr. RiddeUl appeared for the appellant, MrL adbitter; MS1. Bacon and 3fr. Toller for the Messrs. | Ezs ton - 3fr. MaImnsand Mr. Bates for the plaintiff. U'IltUmately a co romise owas come to by the Messrs. asten paying to Mr. ood 500 in full of all demands in Lthe suit, and ll parties are to pay their own costs. GAILNIODE V. GILL. This was an apleal from a decision of Vice-Chancellor Stuart. Tho question arcse upon the construction of a wil. Mrs. Jane Gillett, by her will, gave her real and personal estate to her executors, Mr. Gill and Mr. Southam, whom she directed to convert the perEonal estate into money and to payapecuniary lgacy and her debts, and to hold the entire reSdue of her estate in trust for her grandchildren. She made a codicil, giving further pecuniary legacies. Upon a bhll for the administration of her estate it was found that the personalty w^as not sufleient to pay the debts and lega. c'e;, nd the Vice-Chan^ellor held that the real estate was charged with the same and must make good the defiSieney. I he g.ardchiRld en appealed. Mr. Faber supporbed the app-eal - hkr Wigmam, for the respondents, was not caDled upon; ir. Dickinson appeared for the executors. Lord Justice KISIGRiT BRucE at a very early stage of the argument asked for the probate of the will, but was informed that it had not arrived. Upon a reiteration of his desire to seethe document it was suggested that the solicitor might not expect that its production would be required; and when the case was closed it was still not forthcoming. Lord Justice TuiNBsc delivered the judgment of the Court, which was a clear agreement with the decision of Vice-Chancellor Stuart and a consequent dismissal of the appeaaL Lord Justice EISIGHT BRUCE added that he acquiesced entirely, subject, however, to one remark. The Court had repeatedly asked for the probate, and it was not produced. The solicitor-as must every solicitor-mnst know that it was bis duty to have the original document for the irformation of the Court, called upon as it was to give its decision upon the contents of a will the copy of which was not before it. Moreover, it was necessary that the probate should be in the hands of the registrar, EO as to enable that officer to draw up any order the Court should make. He (the ford Justice) should, so far as he was concerned, make the order in such a manner as that the solicitor of the executors should not be allowed any costs. The practice of not having original documents in court ought to bl put a stop to, and unless the Lord Justiee Turner dissented he should not permit the solicitor to have any costs. Mr. DCiCKissoN hoped their Lordships would permit him to inquire whether the absence of the probate could be properly accounted for. Lord Justice TuR,E. R said that the Court twould listen to any explanation whenoffered, but certainly it was absolutely necessary to put a stop to so much neglect of duty in the production of original documents. THOMPSON V. FLNCiL This was an appeal from a decree of the Master of the to]ls. The object of the suit was for the restoration of a trust fund, of which the plaintiff is tenant for life, by the trustees, in whose hands the money' was placed, aSid one of whom bad lent it upon a security m his own name, which ultimately proved valueless, and the money was lost. Mr. Roundell Palmer and 3{r. Shebbeare were for the plaintiff; Mr. Bagahawe and tr. Southgate for some infants; and Mr. Follett and Mr. Osborne appeared for Mr. Finch, one of the trustees, not a Eolicitor. Their LORDSHIPS were of opinion that the decree of the Master of the Rolls, declaring Mr. Finch liable for the breach of trust, was correct, sad could not be disturbed, but they were further of opinion that the miatter could iiot, as to the co-trustee, who was a solicitor, rest so ; but that it was the duty of the Court, having regard to the interests of society at large, to make an order that that solicitor should upon a day to bcqnamad (probably not before November, in order to give ample time), show cause why, upon the materials before the Court in the present suit, and having regard to the causes of "Finch v. Snaw" and " Colyer N. Finch," he should not be struck off the rolL Mr. Johnson, the solicitor to the Suitors' Fond, could take all necessary steps to see the directions of the Court attended to.
ROLLS' COURT. CHANOCE1IY-LANS- .Tm.V 92- RODGSO V. IODGSON. (Before the MAsERT of the ROLIS- jnins Was a suit in3stituted for the purpose Of fixinig trustees with a breach of trust; antd the facts of the case were as follows --A Mr. Hodgson gave to three of his children the interest of 2,0001. Three-and-a-Quarter per Cents, e-ach for life, and the principal to their children after their deaths ; and declared that if any of such children should die -without issue the principal was to be divided among the ether children of the testator. One of such children was married ; the other two, who were daughters, were utnmarried. For the purpose of obtaining a greater rate of interest ths trustees sold out the three several sums of 2,0001.., andl lent them to Mir. Richard Hodgson, one of the testator's sons, who invested themn in Brazilian and other Qe-uarter per C hent stock fr530. The b uetio was whe-b apat having - contingent interest in the trust fiaud. Mr. Roundell Palmer and Mr. Karslake appeared for t-he plaintiff; Mr. Rioupell, Mr. Cairns, Mr. Sefiwyn, Mr. Baggallay, Mr. Speed, andl Mr. Keene appeared for the several defendants. His Hoxouxs said it did not appear fromi the evidence that the trustees mnade a profit out of their trust money. The sale andloan of it, however, wvas clearly a breach of trust. The person to whom it was lent did not appear to have so t-raded with it as to have produced any profit; and, even if hp had, the Court could not hiave gone so far as to make him accountable as a trustee. If trustees sell out funds snd lend them to one of themselves, and that one makes a profit of them, of course that profit enures for the benefit of the estate ; but in the hands of a third party, a stranger to the estate, the profits could not be considered as belonging to the trust fund. The 6,0001. stock has been re-wurchased, and the plaintiff must therefore elect eithef to take that stock or to have such a sum as the original stock- produced laid out on the purchase of that stock at the price of to-day. The plaintiff electing to takec the latter, his HonouLr directed the trust-ees to~ pay the plaintiff his costs;and, as the sale was made wvith the concurrence of the, cestuique trusts, he made no order as to their rosts. EUtKE-LEY V. JONcES. His Hoco-Rm masde the inunction perpetual in this ease, the facts of whichi have been previously reported in The Timasc, and had reference to a claim of Sir W. Bulk-eley to the exclusive fishing over certain oyster beds in the Menai Straits. TIhe effect of his Honour's decWisin is to establis'h the right which Sir W. Bulkeley claimas, and to restrain the fisherman of. Anglesea from interfering wit it.
VICE-CHA.NCE=LORAS COTRT-S .Tm.r 92 BOWES V. STRATMORRE. {Before Vire-Cha.thnrxpJ) R.- 1 'P A Air. BEGBIEI appeared in support of a petition in this suit for the appcintment of new trustees of Gibside Chapel, near Sunderland, under these circurnstances :-The power to appoint new trustees, vested in the late Earl of Strathmore, his heirs or assigns, was, when and so often as any of the five trustees should die, or any future trustee to be appointed as after-mentioned should die, John Bowes, Earl of Stratbmore, should appoint new ones. The Earl died in 1820, having settled his estates, underwvhich deed thepresent 3arl was tenant in-tail in possession, and, this suit being instituted to administer the estate of the late Earl and three of the trustees being dead in 1831, upon a petition in the suit three others were appointed by the Master; but there being Eoune doubt as to the party in whoin the power was vested, on the 31st of May, 1831, the Countess and the tenant for life under the will of the late Earl appointed, and the conveyance was approved by Master Broughain, but was never executed, and all the trustees were dead, except Mr. Hutton, who was one of those who had never executed the conveyance, and, under these circumstances, a petition was presented in the suit to avoid the jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners, the heiress of the sarviving trustee being out of the jurisdiction, but consenting by counseL Mr. Bowes, the patron of the chapel, had agreed to pay the costs. MIr. Jessell appeared for the infant heiress. The VIcE-CHsA27cELLop. made the order. A7TORNEY-GEMERnL V. fITZGERALD. This was a case of domicile, and the question wvas between the representatives of the estate of the late William Leamy and the Crowv.n, who claimed legacy duty on the footing of the domicile being English. Tbe facts were shortly these: --W;Jliam Leamy was an Irishman by birth, went to India, resided there for 30 years, returned to England in 1802, and purchased a house in ff Charlotte-street, Portland-place, Ljondon, of hinfrisudMa. Morris Fitzgerald, where he resided, baving'abanieingaccountatMIessrs. CDoutts',until,A ugust,1812, whenYne sold his house and furniture and went to Clifton, and thence to Mladeira, vrhere he remained until 1814, and made his will, describinghimself-ga "at present residingin tbe island of Madeira." He thei went to Lisbon, and died there, expressing his intention in a letter to a friend to reside there for the enmuing winter, being during all this time in indifferent health. The testator by his will left the bulk of his property to charitable purposes, whiclx had been carried out under the directions of this Court in foundvg*a -charity called "eamy's Charity,"and was now a-sub; aistinz charity at limerik, and no legacy daty 'would be Mayable-inreapect of seahjjift in ease Ihis domicile had b~een rabsh, according to tha 'la w there; - but pending that- question .a sum had bees set saide te answer the legacy duty in case it Was paya,ble. . correspondence was read showing ~Th~tee'tor'gsfeelings from-time-to time, and itwas argued that bhi intention was'.to retnun and dieL in his native -Mr. GLASSE and Mr.-BmR appeared in support of the contention, that, at all events 'the domincile was not English Mr; EILnIA'or the.representntive-of thxe desed'solicitor iSnthe sitt, ionthe qtiestio ofscotis.; -; ^ : ' : ' ': 1IMr i A?iSON appeaaed for 'he-:r', m and contended for tfe English domicile;,arguing that,,3 years' residence in India, was a sufficient abandonm'ent- of his domicile oE origin, and tie'refore if he bad& a.ny ixed domidle it was iStthe coiclusion of ila . t*^ieits,: * TEho VICE-CEANCFLLOr. resexved his Judgment, - : (Befoie Vice6-C,ncA1o r Sir W.. P. WOOD.1 - BOO1;P V. LIEBD ISEINGTON AND OTEEERS. - The arguments in this caieoccupied tle Court during the eatly part of ,he y, and S' their conclusion his HONOUR intimated that he would dispose of thec ase to -morrow (thia) morning.
1. xPaROGATIVE COURT...Wn%mmxsv. uyy 2B.. - I . GIL-B)'RTSOIT V. .NORTMVOOD. (Before Sir JOB- DODSo.) - inis was a bunsness ot granting probate of the last Vill and testameDt of Mr. Thomas North*ocd, lite of Haver.toc3-hil3 dated the 14th of Se§Ptember, .1854,. probate of which was opposed by Mr. Wiliam Northwood, a son of the deceased, who appeared i7 fos-md paupci-. The pus- oEse for which the will was alleged toleave been executed vis to deprive Ml:. WiDliasn 2orthwvood'of a lesacy of 200!. and Miss Coward, aniece. who hiadresided with irn,for a csosssderablo period, of a bequest of 500!. The reason assigned for the alteration was that the son hadi been very importunate for money, and Idiss Coward had determined to leave her uncle. On the -other side it wvas said. that there was no ground whatever for these statements, and -tbat the deceased was not in a state of capacityr when he e .eculted tihe wilL. Te ease was mgued in Mtarch Last, and seported in Tiw T l2ncs of the 18th of that month. Sir J. DoDsoN now delivered* judgment, and, after.exrmining very minutely the evidence adduced in the cause, camne to the conclusion that the vailidity of thbe will was ilOt established, and therefore pronsonmced against it, but made no order as. to costs. aritsx& V. iOicG. The deceased in this cause, Jobhn Spring, died on the 7th of April last year, aged 73, possessed of personal property valued at 30('!. }Ho left surviving him a widow, a daughter ~by her, 'and a SOn by a former wife. On the 23d of Decemboer, 1854, he executed a wi31 by which he bequeathed his household furniture to his daughter and the rest of his provertyto be invested, the interest of which wvas to be paid to the daughter, who Was to Take care of her mother. Mr. I ong w as appointed executor and a discretionary power iven to tim to advance a sum ont of the principal not exceeding 201. per annum. Probate wvas opposed by the son, who appeared in fo-ns4 .pauperis, on the ground of in- - Dr.ADDAaIS was heard in support of the will; Dr. HucnRSs against it. The learned JUDGE considered the will fullyestablished, and consequently pronounced for it.
COURT OF BANKBUPTCY, BasinghwaZsfe4 Jtdy 2t. 11 RE FRANCISCO DE SALVO. I (Be fore Mi. Commiskqion2pI FigRT.A -:nTI h ±nu uasrurup is aesonuec as a mercnanit, Ol IOU, Leadenhall-street. His accounts commence March 3, 1851, with a capital of 501., and close June 12, 1856, writh debts 3,7581., and assets about 1701. Mr. P. MWttovich, of 63, Colemanstreet, and Malta, is a secured creditor for 1,8071., the property held being consignments of ale and stout, tar, linseed, and whitelead, of the alleged value of 1,9641. The domestic -expenses are put dovn at 1,2561, and the bankrupttakes credit for a loss of 2,841. upon coals consigned abroad, and which bad realized only 164. Mr. HOLLA3SS suggested an adjournment of the present examination meeting, the trade assignee being on his way to Malts, where the bankrupt's transactions had principally been. An allowance of 21. per wveek was in the imeantima asked, the bankrupt being a single man. His HONOUR ordered an adjournment with an allowance of 30s. per weEk. In the matter of " Metcalf and Mfetcalf," canvass merchants of Bow-lane and elsewhere, Mr. Lucas opposed the bankrupts' passing their examination, and The ComsnssioyEP ordeled an adjournment sine die,with protection for two moaths.
ZLSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, July 23. ES RE WII%L%IT I A FAR G T'RWAWP [Before ffpL Cth11F. fl- nnccrr I 1 This insolvent, a young man, who had been a cornet in the 2d Dragoon Guards, applied for adjudication. The case was reported on a former occasion. Since the last examination there had been a proof of debts prior to the declaration of a dividend on a sum of money in court arising on the sale of his commission. The CR ComumiuSSO-ER pronounced a judgment of eight calendar months at the sait of the opposing creditors, fie ina number, frou the vesting order for contracting their de3ts withont reasonable or probable expectation of payment. (Bcfore Mr. Commissioner Mumrny.) IN RE GEORGE O'MALLEY IRWNaLs This insolvent, a barrister-at-law, appeared for judg. ment. He was opposed by a Mr. Smith, on the ground of a vexatious defence to an action upon a bill of exchange for l01. Tlhe costs were aboat 301. The insolvent had a large sum owing to him, end said he was opposed by Mr. Haynes, an attorney, out of a matter of feelimg. Mr. Commissioner MtnriPY said he had consulted the Chief Commissioner, and was of opinion that there had been a vexatious defence. He should consider that the insolveat had been in prison since April. The judgment was three months from the vesting order in June.
-----SUEE.A~SZR. :F iv' - i(TT -I - 3A:STON 23. SAW WN II)5L-jjjefrs Mdr. Juslset JRstr) Robert Osborne, 19; .wais indieacdJor stealing two post letters containin&;-man * fi ) ,yog-the P6stinuter. (General,- ~ h_oety h otatr 2Xfr. Wordvwoztli anipd prosecutwon-, thc ,risoher4aiAdefndbdbyr Mr! CampbhlL- :; It appe- re tha .h osser was m iervicc of- per.k sonwho.keeps th`opost.ffIce at.Bexlly.heath,-but wa no'' emp1okyed in any-way in conei i;i. wA tiic'&ditksr oF. hiat office.; h-hi-615indtik'o oing is h letter4sok; alid it wal s6ivla'V dorLnVit- lettrs therefrom.- In consequecnoe of u uiierous oraplaints cf thc10ss-of letters two ftest lettesjt' as.theyare calreld --one 'of: which contained -three- half-sovereigna, and the. otlher a balf-sovereirn and two .sixj*enes the*boleof -which coins were narF.ed o a3 to -render thtnj capable ' of being identified-wero posted at the:Generil Post-office for deivery in the Bexley-abath district.: -At the time vwen, in the6rdinarycourset,they would have ,rrived-at their destination Mr. Scullthorpe, one of ,the principil dlerk^ irL thePost-office, adcompaue-d by Peake, theofficer'of /thez estiblishment, pocee.ed Io'Bexdeh aid'-upncxaniimo'! -the bou it was found that"the lette sid been abstrctd Ift. ScuIlthorpe at once' suspected, fror, .he inquiries 3le' -nade, that the prisoner was- the dishonest person, and hes Teked him to prodcoe -what moseyi he had in- his. poqet. The'e prisoner did-so, and'amiiocig h vas' one ~6f the ma'ri5ied! sixences, which Mr. Sculthorpe immediately'identiffei,i an he then directl7 accused thn ufisoner of stealing the; -two letters, and he adtmitted he had done so, and sid that: hehad bought a vratch with;the three hal-sovereigns he; had taken out.of the letter. .' The jury found the prisoner Gu2it, and he was sentenced to be iaprisone and kept to hard labour for 12' months. Auguste Minchler, 23, one of the German Legion. waS! indicted for felonior,sly cutting and wounding Henryj Decros, one of his comrades, with intent to do him. .grievous bodily harm. It appeared that on the 10th of May last the prisoner, the prosecutor, andi another foreign soldier were at a publichouse, called the Alina Tavern, at Folkestone,when some altercation- took place between them, and the prosecutor laid hold of the prisoner and pushed lsicn 'away from bims. The prisoner upon this retreated two or thrceepaces, drew a knife fromhispoclcet, and rushed at the prosecutor and stabbed himn on the shoulder, and then ran out of the honsa. -The prosecutor wvas not at first awware that he bad been wounded, hut shortly aftervards he found that he was bMeeding, and upon examining his clotheshle found that they had been completely stabbad through. Thecactnal injury inflicted upon his person -ap,peared, howevcer, to be of aw very trifling character. aude wrsnrlas founnd GsciUy of unlawfully wounding, -adsentenced to six wreeks hard labour.
AMIDDLESEX SESSIONS, Tu&sdoy Jlt.v 22. (Before Mr. CREASY.) James Taylor, 42, vwas found Guilty of having stolen a coat, value 20s., the property of George Morris. It was proved that he had been previously convicted, and tbat he bad been fre(luently in prison, where he was regarded as a bighly skilled workiian at his trade, that of a carpenter. In 1842 he was sentenced to 12 months, and his last term was nine months' in 1855. Mr. CREASY said he appeared to be a regular thief, and sentenced himn to four years' penal servitude. Edward Evans, 31, labourer, was indicted for having stolen a clarinet, the property of John 1'Carthy, from his person. The prosecutor was an itinerant mnusician, and his evidence was that on the 25th of June he was on his way back to London from a fair he had been to, when he called at a pmblichouse at Esling to get some beer, and to earn a few pence by playing his clarinet. There were a number of persons assembled there, among them the prisoner, and some disturbance took place about a pot of beer. Prosecutor and a companion, a man named Bodgers, went out, follovwed by the prisoner and two others, who asked him to play them a tone. He did so, and they then told him that by goingupa certain lane thoy woald save a mile and a half in the journey to London. Ihen they got up the lane they found there was no thoroughfare, and on turning round they saw the prisoner followving then. The prisoner went up to M'Carthy and said, as he had had so much to say about the pot of beer, he might take that, at the samne time giving him a blow on the right eye. He was knoelced down, and the prisoner then snatched the clarinet from his hand and ran away. After searching for a polieman for some time, heat length found one, and they then began to search for the prisoner, who, with his companions, was ultimately discovered on the top of a hayrick, pretending-to be asleep. Every effort was made to find the clarinet, but without success. The prisoner said it was only a fair fight, znd he knew nothing of the clarinet. Bodgers, in reply to i.lie jury, said that MCarthy was quite sober at the tinae, and that he saw the clarlnet in his left hand at the moment the prisoner struck him. The jurg fonnd the prisoner Guilty, and a document was nroduced she wing that the prisoner had been senteneed to *hree months' i_prisinment at Reading for stealing lead from the Great Western Railway. Mr. CREASY senten :ed him to four months' hard labour, and hoped this would *e a caution to him, as no such leniency could be showvn him again. Joseph Simpson, who was convicted last week of assaulting Henry lonsack lEmonds, vith intent to rob him by the " garotte" method, was brought up for judgment. Mr. CEASY said it wvas a most fortunate circumstance for the prisoner that the robbery, which clearly was the object of the assault, was not effected, because if it had been -lhe would have been sentenced to a long tern of transportation or penal servitude. The offence he was found guilty of was an assaultonly, but it wvas one of amostserious charactera case of garotting, anid all such cases must be visted by severity of punishment. He then sentenced him to 18 months' hard labour. William Thomepson, 27, was found Guilty of stealing a pint pewter pot and a knife, the property of Martin Gahekiss, a publican, and for assaulting Henry Clark and Joseph Nort4n; two constables who took him in charge. Mr. UREASY sentenced him to eight months' hard labour. Adjourned. _ _
POLICE. MANSIoN-notSE.-Joseph Dunn, waiter at the AntiGalican publichoase, Billingagate-market, was further exainined before Mr. Alderman WnN,, charged with the manslanghter of Richard Branscombe. We published the particulars of the case a few days ago. Yesterday, the surgeon vvho made the post mortc7n examination gave eviderce. He said he oculd only account for the deathofEthe deceased by some sudden shock. Other witsesses w ereexamined who sawrthe prisorer strike the deceawed moan. When the evidence was concluded, Mr. Hobler submitted that no case had been made out a,ainst the prisoner, and that the death resulted entirely from accident. With regard to the inquest having been held on the body so soon after death, the fact was that another inquest was being held close at hand at the time the man was pronounced to be dead, and the coroner took the opportunity of awearing the jury to inquire into the circumstances connected with the death of Richard Branscombe. The jury had returned a verdict of " Accidental deatb." Alderman WiRE.-I think it verv important, when we are inquiring into the circumstances attending the death of a huiman being, that every possible facility should be given to every person who either knowvs or sees anything connected with the cause of death to be examined. Probably, if there had not been so much haste in holding the inquest the inquiry here might not have been necessary. I think that my brother aldernian (Alderman Humphery) not only discharged his duty to the public by ordering a post morten examination of the body of the deceased to be made, but that it would have been a disgrace to the magistrates of the city if they had not instituted further inquiry. As this is a case affecting the life of a man, I do not tbink r should discharge my duty if I did not send it to another tribunaL The prisoner was then committed for triaL but admitted to bail, himself in l00, and two sureties in oOI. each. M1r. Alderman WiRE requested that the press would acknowledge the receipt of the following donations to the poorbox :-from Thomas Greenwood, Esq., o'.; from C. M. M.,` es. Bow-sTRmEr.TJohn Heddart, of Tyler-street, Regent Etreet, grocer, appered to answer a summons. a5 the instance of the Excise Commissioners, charging him witn hl ving. in his possession a quantity of adulterated papper Mr. Dwelly appeared for the prosecution. A small quantity of pepper was purchased at Mr. Hluddart's, on the 4th inst, and tested by Mlr. Cox and Mr. 1'Gibbon, analytical chymists to the commnissioners. They found that only one-half was genuine pepper, 40 per cent being rice and 10 per cent. hard wood. On the followin day those gentlemen visited defendant's establisqhment, nd, having informed him that a sample of peuper purchased of him on the previous day had been foundto be adulterated asked to see his stock. He said he had none left, but upan searching they fonnd a quantity in a box under the counter of wvhich they took samples. Oia being analyzed it was found to contain 10 per cent. of hard wood. Mr. M'Gibbon produced samples of the. wood separated from the peDper. Mtr. lF-ITaY hoped the public would be made acquainted with the facts of this case, as ho believed it was not generally known that this substance was used for adulterating pepper, and it would be well that people should be put on thenr guard. In the samples produced the hard word certainly bore a very close resemblance to the genuine article. Mr. Dwelly observed, that hard wood was nsed to a con siderable extent M the adulteration not only of pepper, bat also of snuff. Defendant alleged tbat the pepper was in the same state in which he had received it from the wholesale dealer. Mfr. Dwelly said, the officers had visited the wholesale warehouse and tested the stock, which was found to be genuine. M-ir. HEENny fined the defendant in the mitigated penalty Of liOl. John Daley, ono of the infamous class known as "bullies" or "followers," iivinr with and supportedbywvomea of the town, was charged wath being concerned in stealing a gold ring from Mr. Socker, who was lately killed in the street by a man unknown. It will be remermbered that the deceased was carried home by a maran named Dennis Lear, asststed by three of his comianions, Daley7beingorieof the nTumber, and thaton Satsirday last Leary was committed for three months foi stealing' a ring from Mr. Stocker. It was then slhown that the zing was sold, and the money obtained for it (3s.) spent in drin-. It was now stated by the young woman Margaret . Keal,ar t-hat Doody, who sold the rng, received it from Daley, ana gave him the money,> Daley-acc.used him:of having kept backpart, and declared that he sbould have- none of ti4i drink, but Doody proteiEted,that -he had only-reoeived 35. And usltimuately defendant allowed him to join in the drink~- in. Atfter the money waa spent, Kealan oyeTheardl)Dehif taunsng to another of the party (whose namceshe did not bnow), aoa4 she glea9c Ironm their cvonversation that the ,tte@d taken Therl rfieng frmcn *e and of If r. Stooker. whe~~~~~~~~~~&b tqig hr stt m se%c of-yhbtei Inpbtor Checkly said -tIe ri prioner wasp wellicukor,w. He-Kdidd.d- his.attefitiont dl etween- several- os making each contribute to bis support. Hehadrecantiy undergQne a tern ,-of mthr months imprisonment- for a brintul ss'ault on one of-t,heaseof creaus. I ~The prisorer pladed '4G - ty," i;lbe- dt4 -- lt w2th -su manirly.-, i- t. -:- :. ,. Mr. HonsY observe4-h h evew the prisoner -must feel I thatjt was barbrous.hing to'roba dyin uln, as I N f ublic'liooe td penld.the'ii pr~ in 'drnk' in'' th!t thfe mac they 'had plnee'^5j -m = I 'breathing hiis list&- He committed-tliepcisone erfthre moutrs.-- MAsteOBsOtJGll-ST}izs.-"JoP. P." lisi ent Ix Cdd,iA poEige rtampg. for the poor-box. -Wzsp3aNsTS.-EHenry Bently,, the driver of a Patent safety cab, appeared to a sumamons charging ii; with.haYing unlawfully, by careless driving, run into thebrosglihan of LordAdolnhus Vane TempeAt,and damiagedait-tothe amount of ipiwards of 5U. -3. Slelgh appeared'in osupprt of the charge, and-r. aMr Sleigh, iupensng his case,-saidtbt the present com~^^paaintngtf brought fofward byhis Lordshippurely oi public sahe felt that omdtting to eO so would'be awdeielictsion of duty, and if 'the defendant weria cjoosed to plead 4'Gnilty" to the oharge,bhe might undextake to say that there w as no desie to press for a penalty against him. As Hr.-Binns ws not dispoxd,'on the part of-tbe defendant, to adopt this oourse, the case ws proceeded ith. The Earl of Bective was-the first witness clledl, and he stated that on the 13th inst. Lord Adolphus, Mr.. KselLar, and Mr. Kennedy dined at -hishouse,d69. iton-sqoara4npd left, accompaniedby-himself, in Lord Adolphus's brougham, at 11 at night, to go to White's. Witness, Lord Adolphus, and Mr. ennedy Lwere inside the carriage, Mx. Knellar riding outside on the box with the c6achnan'. 'Vhen they had 'ptoceoded about 15 or 2a yards down HaIkhi-street a collson occurred with the brougham aa, £ patent safety cab. At that tune the brougham was about a yard froinsthe kerbstone, on its proper side. WiLtness jumDed ont, and went to the cab horse's head, as the driver was soixout to back and disentangle himself. The right vwheel of the 'cab was firmly locked in the tight hind .wheel oE the brougham. Mr. Bmnns took it for-grantedcthat; as the gentlemen had dined, ther had had their wine. Lord Bective replied that he had taken his isual quantity and he believed the other gentlemen did the samec In cross-examination, witness said that Lo9rd Adolphus horse was, he believed, a fast one; he did not kiow that Lords drove faster than any one else. The brougham was certainly not driven faster than eight miles an hour ou their way from. his house to Halkin-street, antl it was stopped before the collision took place The brougham made a full sweep from the souare into Halkin-street, going immediately to its right aide. There was room'for four carriages abreast where the colisiontook place. The "wings" of the brougham were carried of and it was otherwise damaged. There was room for two other carriages on the other side of the cab, and two did pass abreast whiie it was standing there. Witness held the cab horse, in order that a policeman might come up and see the position of the vehicles before they were disengaged. In reply to a question from Mr. AuNOL.D), his Lordship said that the cabman appeared to be sober. Mr. William Kennedy said, he saw the cab approaching on its wrong side; it never altered its position, and ran into the brougham. The turn had been completed iato Halkinstreet before the collision occurred, and the brougham was almost stationary at the time, the coachman having pulled up. Mr. Binus having cross-examined this gentleman, without altering the complesion of the case. MIr. Knellar was called, and gave similar evidence to the other witnesses respecting the position of the vehicles after the collision. He did not see the latter, as his attention was engaged in another direction. In cross-examination, witniess said, he saw nothing wilful in defendant's conduct. Witness thought he must have been asleep. Thomas Paget, driver of the brongham, said Ee saw the .cab about 30 yards of The driver did not seem to have any charge of lhis horse. He was coming down the middle -of the street at a moderate pace (a statement concurred in by the other witnesses), and, suddenly crosing, came into collision with the brougham. It was stated that Lord Adolphus was unable to attend owing to his duties as foreman of the grand jury at. Durham. A coachmakker's clerk described the necessary repairs of the brougham as amounting to 5!. Mr. Binus addressed the Court for his client, and denied that there was a shadow of pretence for saying there was any necessiSy to bring this matter forward upon public grounds. L ws purely the effect of accident, but he contended that the brongham ran into tie cab in making the sweep from Belgrave-square into Halkin-street. Hwe called two witnesses, who put the hlame uipon the brougham, and agreed with the other side that the cabman was going at a very moderate pace; but their evidence was certainly in many respects very confused. Air. AuNOLD said that the question for his consideration was, whether the defendant had committed an offence for which he wass penally liable, not whether he had been guilty of carelessness genemUy, for the consequences of which he might be amenable by action at law. The present was a nenal proceeding, in which defendant's own mouth was shut, End ho was debarred giving evidence, which he might do in defence to an action; and it was necessary to show gross carelessness to make the party aceused liable to a penalty in proceeding lilke the present. He must at this point say that he certinly agreed with the opinion expressed by Mr. Binus, that thin was not a case which it was necessary should be brought forward on public grounds, there being no such misbehaviour asto entitle the matter to be treated in that way, or enable any person to take merit upon himself for the prosecution on behalf of the public. Al1ter adverting to the evidence at soine length, the worthy magistrate said there was no other carriage, it seemed by the evidence, in Halkin-street when defendant was fir,t observed, and, therefore, nothing to induce him to fear collision while in the middUeof the road, when the brougham turning into the street at a tolerably rapid pace there was hardly time afforded to prevent the cirriages coming into collisiom. Although a man ongbth to be on his owvn side-and it w;ould be better that be always should, even when he had a wvhole street-to himself-as it woud prevent accidents of this sort, he could not savthat defendant had been guilty of that sort of carelessness wvhich would justify him in imposing a penalty nponhim, although it was blame for which he or the owner of the cab might probably be civilly responsible for the amount of damage. The summons was accordingly dismissed. L,MDETrL-Mrs. Alice Mills, a well-dressed woman, the wife of an omnibus driver, was charged before Mr. ELLIOTT with having in her nossession a msssive silver gilt desse.-t spoon, bearing the Royal arms of George or William IV., of which she could not give a satisfactory account. The spoon was supposed to be a Dart of the extensive robbery coniuitted on Saturday, the 15th of MUarch last, in front of the Mason's Arms publichouse, Porchester-street, Paddington, when a box containing a quantity of plate belonging -to the Royal nursery was stolen from a van while the latter was on its transit from Backingham Palacto Wind,or Castle; and Inspector'Witcher, of the detective force was, in consequence, in attendance to hear the evidence. Police-constsble Thomas NTorman, 195 L, said that on the evening before, whileon dutyin the Westminster-road, he was talled into the shop of Mr. Ri'chards, the pawnbroker there, and the prisoner was pointed oust as having just offered in pledten in desher spoon he then produced. The shopman, oTserving the Royal ahrs on the spoon, suspected that nil was nOt right, and sent for him (witness). le questioned the woman as to how; she became possessed of the property, and her account was that her husband was an omnibus driver, and that about three weeks before his conductor found the spoon i the omnibus, and made her a present of it. This statement, together with her admission that she came from her resi.dence in Camden-town to Westminsterroad to pledge, did not satisfy him, and he took herto the station-house, where her shory appeared equally unsatisfactory to the inspector on duty, and shae was locked nup. In reply to the charge, the prisoner said the facts were these stated by the officer. and that her husband was in attendance to corroborate them. Mr. EariOTT declined examining the husband, but desired that the conductor spoken of might be sent for. This was done, and in a short time the required witnews made his appearance. He gave the name of Francis Dralke, and said he was conductor of one of the Yellow omnibuses plyingbetween Hungerford-market and Camden-town, 'of which the prisoner's husband was the driver. About a fortnight ago, while going iaong Tottenham-court-road, he stopped atthe end of Goodge-street to putdown apassenger. and while doing so he heard something drop from the omnibus, and picked up the scpoon in question. He carried it to the end of his journev, and asked 41l the passenger4 as they got out whether it belonged to them but none of them owned it. Bethen carried itito the house of the prisoner r and her hultsband, with whom he dined on that day, and told Mrs. Mills, the prisoner, to place it on the shelf, and that any one claiming it might have it. Mr. ELT.nIOrT.-Then, you did not make the prisoner or her husband ajpresent of the spoon ? Witness-No, Sir, I only told Mrs. Mills to p'ice it,on the shelf, saying that any v;erson claimiing ittnight have it. Mr. Witcher observed that there was a great discrepancy in the statements of the parties, and requested a remand to give time for further inquiry. Mr. ELLIOTT complied with this request, and remanded the prisoner on bail to Saturday next
(Advertisement.]-Day and Son's Gallery of F:ac-sirdile Paotings, by eminent living Master.-Eecouragedby the approbation accorded to the many imitation drawings lately published, and feeling that the process is cap.ble of far higherxesults,i 2Tessr. Da? and Son, I thographers to the Qneen, desirous of carrying the chromolithographic art to iti utmost limits, have resolvedupor isming, from time to time, perfect fayr-nfiles of well-clected exam ples of the best living mrsters. It is intended that the chromo-lithograric f:Eelmiles shall be of a size and possessed of power ofcolomr intable for fraynings .picures easuallyareframned, andfrom thegreat care, labour, andexpenpethat will be incurred in tbeprosuctionofeachexample, tne resemblance to the origisals vill, in the most minute pacrticular be so perfect as to deceise, not alone the uninitiated eye. bitt those of the amateur and the artist, Thus, then, all lovers of-'art in its own coloers," i'll, at a small eet,be enabled to haug alpon their'-wals (and grdally form picturo ealeries) coumterparts of works thlt haTe cost sums varying from lOttoL.OtOguinea; Tbelollowing atings arenoewready ,ouisHagbe. "The RHppyTrio," ize 21 X : on a mount, 30 X 37: price z3 3s. or proofs, £a r-W. V. niit.1,&l "Dolly Varden,n oval sire. 12O X lM.: on amoermt, MM x 30:. price, 'S Is,. orproofs, " 2s.-J. Sant, !' Lavinia," ovl rize, 16 X 19%; onmount, 22 x 30 :rice, £1 Is. or proofs. £2 ;f4 Thefollowin ,'anong othem are preparing:-P. F. Poole. A.,A. "The Rtgged Pl size 1X 23*; on a mount,27 x3S: pnre, :!2 l2s or mroofes,z4eA Moutaaghe. from ararvingtintedfor tbh Queen, and RerX ajeg rope-y. "Tht Ckifirmation of Her Royal lighues the Princess Wcoyal," erize 12 X 1S; on ma 22 X 30 prse £1 Is- or sw- Ae 2 s Theo holeof theabovTeabjectnrenderedtafoa a-mile bIXr O. Itisdon. Day and Son, lithographers to the Queen, 6, Gste t, lincowin'-inn-fields. * [AdveriRsemenat.-"The Young Lord." . ew r novl, -by the author of "T'he Discipline ot Life. &e,' 3. morw 3eay bat allt the libraries, in l2 °ols "This new novel by - lady miy .nonro'b. .1I interesting as a story, sud still m"s'e o be cor_-xended for the tone of high Pinrciple witsh which iti is perwaeed and they iwoftable ffleasyna it in&Culates, lateras Bsete,. '"No noeew.etveversritttenics hetterspDint and fe wartt 11 better development hoth of story'anId charatlerChronse -- ,"7'is book pre-emmeUty belongeto the higherclriaseefwxo ke. It ai in aeteDeloteS taste, ofthe seperirto feeling assuhr heltlg
TBz PUBLrC HEALTA - - Fx.=.,. _ i W. o. . . Y -{ X ae - W d]l -I ' ]'a the week that ended- onISaturasy.ihe AttC oi1 ,018 persorens-is 551 3salea d467.fernale e bire&in London.,. Tbe average number in 10eoemm Adiz -weeks of the y lSa 4i -55 ml ,0 32,dif tlhiSL pr(IMrtion to the incremie of pputinit: l l35 The deet of- s week are therefore less by 117-tlijai't rat of mor tyiclsruid med:in porr ndisg k;ili1 The mortalityofpZnoio di.sa in tbe xregi .isTelo theaverage. Sir children sand two.adultsaied olamA.Upoa; diarrbei --e.'hibits a tendency to inaie,.ansd-asital to 56':hildren andl six adults. Of- the 62 deaxths fro-this disasse 10 oocurred on the south ,side of the Kiver *th remainder on the north side.. Throe ehildra died of-41o0 Ia-viz., a boy, aged aix--monts at, Workliouse, "choleraiainri a UT, agel m-orAEi4 tt2, George's-;plaoe'west,BermoDdsey, "En 1ifihaioier2 -das); and a girl, agcd four months,. 9, -Bdett e Wlworth#, "infantile choler> (3 days) Te ,Aeaths from .typhus and common fever 'were. A, or rther fewerlaa&ii previous weeks. There were'16 deaths ' orn typhos in * beast-district3, 7 in the centralistrcts, 1I in the n'rth . etrits, 6 in the west districti and only S in. those .distrcitk on the Surrey side of the Thames. From phthiis :133 persons died, from dropsyand diseases of the hert 53, from aIpxlexy nd pralysis 94, from deliriuinr tremep"4_ .ia -from inteUper ance 2. Five nonzgenarians died, qS femaies and 2 males. T6 two oldest persons recorded in the -weelks returns iverea gertleman at Brixton, aged 97 years, and the -widow of a gen'tleman alt Haggerstone, agedalso sJ7 years. Daring the woeekthe births of 798 boys and 765 girls, in al 1,663 children, were-registered im 1ordon. In the'10 correspondiag weeks of the corresponding weeks of the years 184i6-55 the average number was 1,349. Ait he Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the barometer in the week was 29840in. The mean, temperatLure of the air was 601 deg., which is 1-9 deg. below the average of the same week in 3S years (as de bnine y 1 Mr. Glaisher). The highest temperature in the week ws 77-8 deg. on Tuesday; and the lowest was480 deg.0on Thursday, when the range of temperature was 23S5 deg. The meinm dex-point temperature was 54 7 deg., aud the dilrer. ence between thisandthe mean air temperature rwas -4deg. The mean temperature of the water of the Thames was 63 4 deg,; its temperature rauged from 62 2 deg. to 64-7 deg. The direction of the wind was S.W. The rain measured by the gauge wras 0-33in., which fell nearly all on Tueeday.
-TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I am directed by the commiKtee to state, lhat fr. James Railton, the report of whose examination at the MaMkon,house appears in yonr paper tiis day, is not, nbr ever wa! a member of the Stoek- xchange ;- - I zm. Sir. -vonr obedient servant GEO. WEBS Secrtar ' LomlrattDe-xowm, !Stock-Exchange, London, July 23.
THE CASE OF ARCHDEACON DEZHISOIV. BATHJ, SunTL 23. The Court having this morning overruled some technical obijections taken yesterday, TheRev. William. James, minor canon of 5Vells, and the Rev. Constantine Esnest Prichard,of South Luffenham,were called to prove having received copies of the sermons of Archdeacon Denison, the doctrine contained in which in reference to the Holy Eu^harist was impugned by the promoter of the suit. Mr. John Gifford Everett, grocer, Mayor of Wells, identified the printed sermon No. 1 as one which he heard preached by the Archdeacon on the 7th of August, 1853. Mr. Thomas Serel, bookseler, of Wells, identified the first sermon as one which he had himself heard preached, and proved the sale of that and two other sermons purporting to have been preached by the Archdeacon of Taunton at his shop at Wells. The Right Rev. Bishop Carr was then called to prove that a report had been adopted upon the matter by a commission of which he was president. Dr. PaimLLrrorx cross-examined Bishop Carr, with a view to show that the proceedings before the commission were irregular. Dr. PHIsLIuIORE then handed in a,protest on behalf of the Archdeacon of Taunton. The last three of the points contained in this protest had already been disposed of by the Court, but two others remained which he would yet urge, and vwhich might be briefly stated. First, that this high dignitary of the church, who 'was the defendant in the case, had not been tried by impartial judges; and, secondly, that the common right of the meanest csiminal-the sight of a man who might be tried in that very court for robbing a henroost-was refused to the Archdeacon of Taunton when he was tried under a statute the object of which was to remove him from the ministry, and to deprive him of his preferments. Having cited the authority of Dr. Lushington to show that commissioners appointed under the Church Discipline Act were, in fact, clothed with the powers of a court of justice, and could not be likened to a grand jury, whose functions were merely preliminary, the learned advocate proceeded to argue that a full and perfect trial was contemplated by the act in proceedings Lefore a commission. The Archdeacon of Taunton had offered to produce evidence, and he had a full and well-founded belief that he would be heard in his own defence, yet this was denied him, and now, after two years of suspense and torture, he was called upon to answer for preaching doctrines which, whether held exclusively by the church of England or not, had, at all events, been maintained by some of her martyrs who had been burnt at the stake, and others of her noblest divines. Dr. BAwYFORD justified the course adopted by the commissioners at Clevedon, and contended that there was nothing in the statute which would warrant the Court in pronouncing the preliminary proceedings null and void because a plea of recusaetio judicis had been rejected. Dr. LUSHINGTON decided that the case must go on in the ordinary course to a final decision. Dr. PRILLInORE then made an application, first, for time, so as to enable his client to apply to the superior courts, thereto urge the objections which had been overruled; and, secondly, if called on to appear, he wished to give in. a negative issue, not waiving his protest. Dr. LusrsiGToN overred the application. Dr. BAYFORD then argued that the writing, printing, and publishing of the sermons in question by the defendant within the diocess of Bath and Wells had heen established, and submitted that the only question for the consideration of the Court was whether those seranons contained anything which was contrary to the doctrines and articles of the churen of England. After some time had elapsed, Dr. LUSmorGTON stated that ,the Court were unanimously of opinion that the printing of the sermon dated Sunday, the 7th of August, 1853, by the authorit of Archdeacon Denison, and the publishing the same writhin the diocess of Bath and Wells were proved;* that the publishing, hut not the printing, of the second sermon, dated Sunday, the 6th of NTovember, 1853, with the authority of Archdeacon Denisan, was proved; and that there was no suf6cient proof to satisfy the Court of the preaching, printing, or publicston of the third sermon, dated Sunday, May 14, 1854. Dr. Bayroan, as this determination mig>ht affect the argument ho should have to lay before the Court, asked for an adjournment till the following day. Dr. Psns&nsonsE, in reply to the Court, stated that it was not his intention at present to call any witnes-ses TLhe COUjRr then adjourned. SPBAKEE?S DnrnsR-. The Right Hon. the Speaker's Parliamentary dinner to the clerks and officersof tho House of Commons took place last night, July 23, ifad was attended by Lord Charles Russell, Sir Denis Le Marchant, thle HIon. George Waldegrave, Mr. Dyson, Catin Gosach Mr-. 2F. Garnier, Mr. PRickards, MEr. Lefmoy, Mfr. Mfay, Sir. H. Ley, Mr. Jones, Mlr. Gudge, .tL. J. Rose, Mr. Pole, Mr. Frere, MIr. S. Smith, MUr. Gibbons, Mr. Rowland, Mr. G eorge Gun nell , Mr. Postlethwai te, llr. Gray, Co lonel iForester, and Mrr. Varden.
7RJBLAYD. LIMON OUR ?Owx OOREDWONDENT.1 DU-BIDD , WEDNESDAY MOKE(SG. -THE Mdrxy, AT; X=EAMa Accounts received this morming state that the court-martial on, the Vsoldiers of the S rtih Tipperary lfEitia, rioters closed on. Monday ight, and the result is-that four -of the mutineers were found guilty; and senteneed to death; and the Court ordered two more to be handed over for trial by the civil authorities. . Te findinga of the Cour't wvas forwarded at once to General Sir J. a. Chatterton, -who transmitted it to -the Commander-inChief, to be again submitted to the Queen for; Her M,ajesty's final decision. THE sauSn PNImATE. The Lord Primate returns from London to Armag'n I this week, and the days for holding his triennial visitation of the several dioceses under his charae have,been publicly notified. It is believed, however, that from his Grace's advanced age (84), the I duties of the coming visitation w11 be discharged by -deputy. The health of the Primate continues as good as usual. |3R. JHSTIOE REOGH. The Mayo Co0tstitttion1, a high Tory and uiltraProtestant journal, says "Mr. Justice Keogh arrived here on Friday to open the Zfayo Assizes. His reception by all ranks and classes in the county wsas most fattering. The rapidity and decisionwith which he disposed ef the cases that came before him have been the subject of universal praise. Eis I,ordshiip was etrandat dinner on Mtonday at the barracL-s by the colonel and ofiScers of the North Mfayo Rlegiment, the high sheriff, the foreman of the grand jury, and a distingaished party having been invited to meet him." TBE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 95Q; New Three per Cent. Stock, 95% 96; Hibernian Bank of Ireland, 251. paid, 31; City of Dutblin Steam Comnpany, 501. paid, 32; ditto, shares of 1S36, 501. pyad (account), 31; Consumers' Gas Company, 71. paid, S ; Minin Companyof Ireland, 71. paid (ac-ount), 14A ex. div. Railways.-Great Southern and Western, 501. paid, 57; ditto, for account, D7; ditto, Eights, Six per CeIr. Preference, 61. 5s. paid, 7g ; ditto (paid in full) 2.OtA I9lX, ; Irish South-Eastern, 121. paid, for account, 61; Mfidlancd Great Western and Royal Canal, 501. paid, 54Q X' Waterford and Killarney, 201h paid (accomnt), o§ ditto, New Six per Cent.^Preference, 4b 10s. paid, 2 l; 'Waterford and Limerck, 501. paid, 24k; ditto, for account, 25ditto, Five per Cent. Preference, 501, paid, 461.
PUBLrC TVORKS IN INDIA. TO TEIE EDITOB. OF THE TIMFES. Sir,-Pablic vworks in India, af'er a mortal struggle of years, have just raised their heads above the surface, and, unless a liberal and comprehensive policy be adopted in regard to them, they will (as they have already done before) remain in ignoble and inexcusable abeyance, while the vast amount of released and available capital which should be directed into these useful channels will flow into and enrich foreign countries. The nnavoidable magnitude of the works and of the requisite fands appears to have oocasioned a degree o£ ap. prehension, which, on close examination, will be fotund to be entirely without foundation. The day is past for requiring to demonstrate the benefits of railways; and India has been at length admitted to present no exception to a universal law. The policy of directing private capital into British colonies, rather than, by obstructive measures, driving it for employment to those continental States which better appreciate it, can scarcely be disputed. There are, in reality, but a few broad leading questions which should determine the course to be pursued :-L The extent and limit to which the principle of guaranteeing a minnimunm interest by the East India Company should be carried; 2, the lines which should be made with a view to the complete future system under which two capitals shall not be laid out to do what one would have sufficed for; and, 3, the succession in which, after the trnnk lines are constructted, the branches are most required, and the regulation of their progress, in part, by the power of providing materials and freight. As regards the first point, I consider that the East India Company and the Government have done all that should be required of them, by guaranteeing the great trunk lines, and thereby allowing tho experiment to be fairly tried. I do not consider that the principle of the guarantee should be extended further than to those lines connecting Calcutta nith the North-West Provinc2s, and Calcutta with Bombay, Bombay with Agra, Bombay with Madras, and Madras with the Malabar Coast. The great trunk lines are all that can in reason demand the application of this most judicious principle, as without it they would not lhave been constructed; but the branches sheuld now constitute the subject of private enterprise, and should be released from all the conditions which in the guaranteed lines are indispensable, but which have been supposed to militate against the prejudices of many who would, without such conditions, embark in these works. The authorities might with advantage establish a few simple rules under which they would sanction and encourage the application of capital to the public worlks of India; and the result would be such as to fully justify such a course. I offer an opinion with great deference to the manv who are so much better able to judge than I can be; but it is the result of personal experience of several years, and not a theoretical view of the question, several plans having been submitted to me for Indian railways since my return to Eng. and. I have no hesitation in stating my conviction that there is scarcely any part of India in which a railway, judiciously planned and constructed (with especial reference to the traffic to be provided for, and at a corresponding cost of construction), might not advantageously be introduced, with the certainty -if its paying all working expenses and leaving a dividend, moderate at the outset, but of certain gradual increase. The second point will be provided for by the avoidance of the evils so much complained of in England -of encouraging competing lines in directions in which branches from the trunks would have sufficed, and in permitting the construction of branches where the only plea for their construction has been to prevent others from making them. T'ne third point will be met by the constant watchfulness of those who may be charged with these duties, and who periodically repori to the authorities upon the proposals submitted, their relative merits, and the state and progress of the works in hand. As regards the administration of India by means of the double authority of the Court of Directors and the India Board, I have only to say that the difficulties and delay occasioned by such a complicated machinery are not without their efects on the progress of the railway works; and that, without venturing to offer an opinion as to the remedy (unless that the late Governor-General of India should be in. duced to undertake the responsibilities of Minister for India), I must express an earnest hope that some steps will be taken to facilitate the working of a machinery on the promptitude, judgment, and integrity of which so much now depends. I should hesitate to trespass upon your time and attention but that the subject is one of real importance, and that, having devoted so many years to it, I am anxious for the removal of all ueedless obstacles to signal and complete suecess. I am. Sir. vours most obsdii,ntlv ROWLAND MACDONALD STEPEENSON. iondon, july 22.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TI-ItES. Sir,-I shall be obliged if you can find a place in your valuable paper, for the enclosed remarks of Ux. Disraeli, senior, to which I referred yesterday in the House of Commons, on the long interval whicl elapsed between the completion of the present authorized versiou of the Bible in 1611, and the adoption of that translation in 1660. Tho delay in the publication of the translation is attributed by 3Mr. Disraeli, senior, to the fault of the King's printers. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. JAMES BEYWOOD. 5, JEaton-place, July 23. from the luriosiies of Litcrature; by I. Disraeli, sen. 2d series.-Vol. IIL, p. 322. "The manusoript copy of the translation of the Bible, mnade in King James the Firs-'s time, was in the possession of two of the King's printers, who, from cowardice, consent, and connivance, suppressed tlle publication; considering thta Bible full of errata, andl often, probably, accommiodated to the notions of certain sectarists, was moro valuable than one authenticated by the hierarchy! Such vas the state of the English Bible til 1660." yt gee the Le adon Printe' Lamentation on the PI-es Oppressed." Rlar, CODl. M1. 210. TLsB ROYAL AGRicuLTuAL SOCETY.-A wellexecuted and appropriate medal has been struck to commemorate the Visit to Chelmsford of the Rloyal Agriculbral Society. It is, we believe, the firstmedal ever issued upon such an occasion, and is, from the. k-ste displayed in its execution, well calculated to form a memorial, of it. The obverse is from a design -by lIarrisor, Weir arid is executed by fessrs. Pinckes, medalists to the Crystal Palace, and the prominent object is a fine sceimen of ono of the -many beautiful bulls exhibited at Chelmsford. - In the distance are horses;and sheep, and the plough is also introduced. The reverse of the medal represents the County-hall, Chelmsford. We nolice the medal, not only because it is creditable as a work of art, but also to give an opportunity to those interested in agriculture to pceserve a a,u-enir of this very successful exlhbition.
; - HAYAIRKET IMEAT".- -: i -. 14at night a variety of e'tertainaasents was p =n fiathe binefit of Miss Rehnold, who made reappeprance after a severe indisppsit#on. Theperfornckee begn with Mr. W_.;Brough's o0micat Cot1nJss, whichsfollowed by a ne* tbree-act piece, entitled SacoonzdLove To these succeeded the ballet'pantomiueof 2The Capt fies, for S,enora *eren lNena; Mr. Buicelstonels `capital frce of J' Dead Shiot; and YUe Doctor Am Zove, for SenorI.Maicuel Perez and the Spiniih dancers. With such a prodigabll of fare, and the popularity of Miss Reynold-s to boot, it wa3 no wonder that the house should'ce crowded. Second Lore isannonnced as an "original" comndy, and we can certainly trace no resemblance in it to anything 'we nave seen before. Not that the plot presents any strking novelty, either of character or incident; but that it is conducted in a very peuliar nanner. An old gentleman na3ied Mowbray dies; yery, ricb, in India, and leaves his property to his nephew, Ralph'Thornhill (Mr. Buckstone), with the condition that provided Ralph can vin the affections of his ovni cousin, alior Mowbray (giss Reynolds) they are to be iteLd ]31inor is a blind orphan, and I1plb, being of a generous nature, desires, under any circumstances, tEat she shall reap the benefit of their uncle's bequeathal. Thus, while he is himself passionately attached to her,-he 3isdains to take adianittge of the stipulation in the will, and spreads a report thai the estate of 21owbray has devolved upon hUminor, niece of the defunct. This reaches the ears of (Japtain Iaugarfield (Mr. Howe), another cousin of Ellinor, who, lured by the prospect of wealth, forsakes a prior enga6ement aud wrones his fair relatmon, at her country residence, in di-guise of a painter under the name of Weldon. As soon as Ellieor is informed by ph of the tenour of her uncle's will she proclaims her intention to marry Weldon, and her earnest desire that " cousin Ralph" shall wed a very particular friend of hers, called Mildred. Vernon (Miss M. Oliver). At the end of the first act, when the feigned lVeldon has revealed himself as Captain Dangerfield, and Mldred Vernon appears, the aience is let into the secret of their previous connefion, of v'hich, however, the blind heiress suspects nothing. In Act IL we find the unconscious Ellinor in London, where sbe has assumed herrightsas successortoheruncle's property. Here, through sundry circumstances, her jealousy is at first awakened; and a letter from Mildred to the Captain, 'which is intercepted by Hawbuck, an intriguing servant (Mr. Compton), and interpreted by her faithful maid, Lucy (Mrs. E. Fitzwilliana turns doubt into certainty, and induces ilinor to quit the scene of her unhappiness, eand retire to her country seat. She does this on pretewxt of undergoing medical treatment for the cure of her affliction, and requests that none of her friends or relations will visit her dung the spare of tNvo months. In Act ITL, the two months having expired, we find the draalatis.persoesea-Mildred Vernon, Rawbuck, Lucy, and the good and bad cousins-all reassembled at the rural villa. The daweement takes place, after a quarrel between Ralph and Dangerfield, which is about to result in a duel. By the intervention of Bilinor the combatants are srrested ; and the despair of Mildred at the impending catastrophe simultaneously discloses the state of her o heart and the deliberate falsehood of DangerLeld. At this juncture the apparently distracted ElMer sends for her uncle's will, and reproaches Ralph for having deceived her as to its contents. Ralph persists in his ori. ginal story, that the property was not left to him but to her, when suddenly, to the general surprise, Ulinor places her finger on the very words which describe Ralph as tho appointed heir. Medical art has triumphed! h inor osira is restored to sigh-and not to physicau sight alone, but alsooto mentalelearuess of perception. Addressing herself to the devoted Ralph, mTa sentimental apos. trophe which shors how second love is better than first, sie confesses that she loves sies now, and cares nothing for the other; while the foiledelangerield admits his rascality, and coolly pcints a moral to the purport that his own knavish plaus have deservedly failed, while the honest designs of Enalph have as deservedly succeeded. The play was for the moat part admirably acted. In the simulation of beindness throughout nearly the mhole of three long acts Rdiss Reynolds displayed remarkable talent. Mr. Buclstone's Ralph Thornhill was genial and hearty, to say nothing of the original humour of the actor, which gave it an additional attraction. Miss m. Oliver looked very pretty, and ated with great liveliness as Mtildred Ver,no and s ". Fitzw'illiam was a model lady's-maid. The part of Captain Dangerfield has no redeeming point; Mr. Howge, nevertheless, did as mnuch as as possible to render it acceptable. To conclude, Mr. Compton's Hawbuck-spoken in north of England dialect-was a piece of exquisite dry comedy. It was a benefit audience, and every thing seemed to please. Bliss Reynolds, Mtr. Buckstono, and the others wvere unanimously recalled at the end of the comedy, and then there were loud calls for the author. Mr. Buckstone, after some del.ay, during wvhich the applause continued, and the cries of "author" became more and more vehement, at length came forwvard, and said that the author, Mr. Palgrave Simpson, was in tho theatre, but "too modest to cc ue forwvard," a proposition which was almost immediately reversed by the appe<arance of the gentleman himself, vuho was ulproarionaty cheered. Ssoo,uf Love is announced to be repeated on Mtonday neat, and every night thienceforivard " until further notice." _.
THE Mov sswrs mn B- uFsro s.-In April last, when the preliniinaries of peace in Europe had been established, and the reopening of the State canals was at band, operators in breadstuffs began to lose confidence in the stability of prices. It was known that there werelarge supplies in the interior to come forward, and it was thought by many personsthatsupplies would beobtained, to a greater or less e-xtent, from the ports of the Black Sea. It was also reported that there was a glut of receipts at Mar. seilles, in France. Withal, too, the spring veather opened wel in France and England, and was considered highly favourable for the coming crops. Under these circumstances, prices by the 1st of l¢ay reached a low point, and were destined to reach a lower range before the 1st of June, .nd he wras a hold operator w;ho shipped flour and grain abroad under the appearance of such odds. Yet there wsere some wvho continued to export. It soon became evident that the supplies in England and France were less tban wvas supposed, and that they would he compelled to augmnent their stocksbef.orethe advent of harvest, letthe weather be as it might. It was also discovered that the expected supplies from the Black Sea were not to be had, and that the 'United States contained the only grsnaries from which they could freely obtain them. These circumstances strengthened pnces abroad early in June, and produced a corresDonding effect here. The recent arrivals from Europe have added to these general unfavourable prospects for low prices. The news of heavy injury to crops in France from the late inundations, and of unfavourable weather in England, has produced considerable excitement in breadstuffs in this market and an enhancement of prices. Fortunately for us, we have ample supplies with which to meet this increased demand. The receipts of flour for only the past week, from the interior, ending Saturday, July 5, amounted to 81,000 barrels of flour, about 474,000 bushels of wheat, and 400,000 bushels of corn. The total receipts since the 1st of September, 1855, have been 2,364,378 brrels of 'deur, 5,311,775 bushels of wheat, and 4,126,006 of corn. To these receipts should be added large supplies from the Southern States, ineludinlg from East Tennessee alone over 500,000 bushels of wheat. For some time past the exports of wheat to Great Britain have greatly exceeded those of flour, the English preferring to do their own milling. Notvwithstanding this, the exports of flour have also been large. The exports of wheat within two or three weeks past have probably reached over a million bushels. Within the past week alone the shir.ments of wheat have exceeded 500,000 bushels, about 100;000 of which were taken on Saturday, and about 100,000 or more were engaged on Monday, the 7th inst. It is diflicult to say how much remains in the country to come forvard, but it is probable that it may be nearly equal to the demand until the new crop comes in, whici is said to promise a large yield and of goo quality. Should the crops in England and France fall much below an average we may expect prices to continue remunerative for our incoming crops. The recent large sales of breadstuffs for Europe are auspicious for the country. Usually at this period of the year, when breadatuffs are low and dull, and cotton shipments are measurably over, we have little for export beyond specie, which, on the advance of sterling exchange, is freely drawn. Nov, everything seems to -work favourably. A large crop of cotton has been sold at high prices, and in what are generally the dull summer months we find a large demand for breadstuffs and provisions, at advancing prices. All this must have its effect upon the genera prosperity of the country. The heavy exports of grain and flour going on must supply considerable amounts of sterling exchange and tend to checkthe shipmentsof' specie. It 'wll be perceived that the chief rise in prices has beer realized on the common and mredium grades, which have formed the bulk of the supplies. The stock of extra hrands, from the scarcity of prime and choice wheat, has been limited throughout the season, and mostlyUtaken for home consumption. Hence, for this description of flour prices hsve nut varied so much, and were even higher on tho 31st of May in some cases than they are now. Our exports of wheat and corn would both be much larger could cargoes of good qualities have reached us to a gre-ater extent and in good shipping order An unusual proportion of Western corn has come to market this season wet or heated, and had to be sold at low figures for either distillmg or short voyages to Eastern States' ports. Prime to choice white Southern, most saleable in Liverpool, has, in a measure, been exhausted, and ceases almost to appear in market. Yellow also is scarce. The Upper Lake and Western mixed and red'grades of wheat from that part of the country have been in excess of supply, compared with the stock of prime white and red Southern and Canadian, and prices have varied accordingly. No supplies of the new growvth have reached market sufficiently dry or in sufficient quantities yet to to justify shipmient; but it most seen reach uls in large amount and eater feely into domestic euse. On the 3d inst. 2,000 bushels of new Georgia grown wheat was at August, c -oec for the seaboardand a market,-2f'ew Yer }erald. Ls&Pnov3arxscrs o r Ty .-Wo understand that it has been determined by the Piers and Public Works Committee of the Commissioners of the River Tyne to sabmit to that board a project for going to Parliament next session to procuro powers to make another new public doel on that river for the shipment of coal. The site projected is the Coblo Dean in Shields harbour, and, if made, it will be principally used in shipping steam coal from theHartley coalfeld. The lNorthumberland Dock, 'vhich is being made by the commissioners for the same purpose, is maling satisfactory progress, and it is anticipated will bo opened in the sp6ringof lS7. The worksofthe JarrowlDocks, which the :gorth-Eastern dAilway Company is making upon the Durham side of the Tyne, are advancing most satisfactorily, and when the -whole of those great works are finished it is anticipated that facmities will be afforded for the shipment of above 3,000.00D tons of coal in the year. The extensive marine works, tho north and south niers at the mouth of the Tyne, which have been undertaken by the RiverTyn Improvemuent Coessissieners, are hemn" proceed(ed 'with this summer. The pbblie wforks now in ;sand- upon the Tyne, and projected, are e,jBated at above S 3,000,0l1 steirling..
SALES BY AUCTION. Sale.-Garsaway's, July 0`1856 MR. H. STANTON begs to state, that the FREE- HOLDS. Westrmoreland-place, and Leasabold, M1urray-street, Hoxten, wereNOT SOL. and that he is open to an offer by private contract.-Auction offices. 9, Amwell-utreet, Pentonville. Furniture and Statuses, Pianoforte by Broadwoods. 1 ijR .WF. HAMMOND will SELL. by AUCTION, .Jj T ro-mon-ow(Fiday), at U for12, at thb ooms, misellaneous EFFECTS5 furniture, grand pianoforte, offfice fittins and Sxura To he vewe tb moringof ale,andcatlogus bdoa ~ODthe oBffc, Caresy-sireet, T s-ncoln's-inn.wa o oSc 3, 21o. 31, Cbap,el-atreet, Pentonvilie.-Vsla'sble Lcaseoof capital Bud nesa Premises, FiSxtures, and Stock is,Trade cia Grocer and Oilmon and remainig S Housebold Funiture and Effects. M ceive ins R TIN wEiLL SELI by AUCTIONR DAY Jul b3 h atero 1t2. tbe XaCb=otve v.,iabln e LEtASE, logetier with the F1xtures and remiroing Stock and re unine Ho usehold nms prviously Building Materials, Westinfster.road, Lamnbe iet 1iTllESSRS. E§VERSF11ELD and HORNE have re- R.k cxived instructions to SELL by A UOTIO1N, on the Premises, G;ilber:'sbuldings, WVestm nster read. L rbemhh, (nearly c mppe'ite the Orphan Asylum,l on Tnesday. July 29, at it des 12, the vatuable hATL-ItIALS and FITTINGS of SIXHOTJSES5 of the bsua description; 01 e.nanEtilyof exeeslnt loose doors, eashes, and other woo;t fttigs. Daybeviewedone day previous, and catalo0guses had on the. Dremsises. and of the auctioneers, 4e, Pariiament-street, Westminster. c Corl Exhchange. f4, Park-etrext, Grosvenor-suars.-Gesdne Elousehold ESurniture, Oit Paintings, Prints, linen. China, Glast. a few dozen of Wins, do. te. LO, X will SELL by AUCTION, on the IS.T Premises, To-morrow. July 25, at 12, FURNIU}E; romprining mahogany forur-poet and hron bedsteads, feather bedst end bedding. tables, tch ney-glases tcheffoniiers,sideoard ohes, chai,t easy ditto. boo, card, and wnlngtables, ofnar entaiitef s,andnumerous effects. May e aiewoed on Tfsursday and morning of oall, andt eats lot 1as had on rhe pretmses; and at Mr. b Lomaa g ofpa ces, 8, Orchardstreet, Portrnan-sqnre. Olamorgusn eur.-For Sale. Barny Island, near Cardiff eantsuing &bout 1S3 acres of isnd.-By Mr. T. WAtKS. at the Cardif Ams Ho atel,Crdiff.ton Thursday,fAuguster anta 3su tn h ftron A brect tf such condidtions of os aeservll tmo thenandetereproduced ,t rY Island is sitnate in the Bristol Channel, } about eight miles west of CarSdff. is accessible from the mat land by' a read open for several bourn daily, commands deightful stviese, vsndmirably adapqed for a bathing piace, in subje:ttoasmGll mous in hleu of tatheof 13su4d,tyenr, and to otsmaFellqutorentof 3. 4d, a year; in oalupied by a yearly ten,ant 3a net ai2n0al rent ot ;£10, 3tter de.ducting a rent of £i52 per annum, sublectteto hich and to aPriatged shiDg and dryin, nets.reservedtotheownerotthe matof £o,tie property is soldl SFrer particelars anda mass maybe eontaimed from Messrs. Simpson and Dinond. solictors, lO, fenriettastteet, Cavendesh-tuare, Lon don; or frem the Juctioneerlat Cardiff. Pusseti,square.-Excel(ent Furniture. 8-octave Cottage Panoforte isv D'Almaine. capital &-day Clockc, linen, China, Glass, Sites. of Plato' Plated Articles sandEffects. 1,IJI . FINNWIS wFill SELL, on the Premises, 2. Mon- .YL a_tugr-strtet, EusLseltaquare, en Thursday July11, an llfostvzing day, at 12 each day, the HOUSEHOLD FVIfNITURE, including rosewood loo and card tables, Eofas, chairs, lounging ditio, a set of dining tables 315 feet 6by 5 feet, library bookcase, dining room chairs, catital Turkey and Brusselscarpets, cbhimney-glasees,foeer-post, French, sad other bedsteads, excellent beds and bedding, chests of drawers. wamthstands, a lady's wardrobe, Eix single ditto, four large folding esceens, :stair- carpets, new oilcloth, lamps, aud numerous valuable effecti. Maybe viewed tbe day rrior sad mornings of sale. Catalo)gues a.ybte hadonthepreemiseOS.and ofBMr.lFnnis, auctioneer and valuer, 85 reat Russell-street. Bloososbury-square Tstbe tent-clarge. Advowson, and Farm in Ievonshire.-By sIr. JOHN WAtRtt. at the London Inn, Exeter. on Wednesday, July 30,at3intheafternoon. Let1, A Valuable Preehold Farm, conistuin. of a farmiL houso andbuiuding, and abouttl1 acres o? land, situate in Aylcbeaze, Devon. I.ot 2. The Perpetual Advows-on and Next Presentation of the Vicarage of Aylesbeare, with the Chapelry o!f NewtonPoopleford. comprising a avicarage-house, 62 acret of glebo 13md, and an inoct from ether Sources of about ery., per ann zs. Let 3. A Tithe }tnt-charge, arising ont of lands in the tsegfo the conShop. at £74Ils.4d. -PHleLPSre is distanteightumies fromy t eAeterandgnine from Sislmouth. Further partuselarysm be a olabtl e ofC eossrs. Lang- cfgord and Wateroue solicitos, AlbrtaperIa-bcalls, Amsignfriaus don;le bri. Square, slciter. aingdbridge. Devon; Mhr. uwiL sanes soadeator 5, Grays-snc-cquare. LoAndon; and htepsrs. Bawerman and,edrir pltdd Qter.s. Uffeclme, Devon. as el Eegent-sdree&-The Sfttee of JeveLaery, Clucks. t rounce, and o icskel- L3ies= of Federick Fntvoye a bankrutbo and the expensive GLasses tndEittines ef the Sho p. iI-srR-PRILLIPS is instructed by the Assigneus to rov SEL any A UCTO, ettn t 1hfe P aem nies 29. Beet 6cee. awh-six cf geld and solver watches, Aibert and long chains, signet nd ladie . 6r, gold nesw ledes sod hracelets, ean iched with stases sod enamed dare, Precingcea l fitetaed, avalretysofbmounthed jeoel andothercarskets ormoulsa ana broisam ocks, enriched with Scvres, broom groups, fgurrs AndtOrnm lents,psysnt andeother bottles, 3ndagreaetvaretyof tasteful objecia. Also the extpeonve fillings of the elie, includine show cses Vodau cabinet extending aI fIeet. end9 feet 6 huio withati ptmte-gl2ss doors, anOn margnificent reflecting glaso 12S incren high 1sz :r6 in ches wide, gus chandeLier, and ether eifectt.. Slay he viewed the day-prceding the eels. Catalogues had at the oifices of Edward W. EdswarurE, REq., 1. Sombrook-conort, the ofliticr assignee; on tee promlsess, audat Jlr. Rhillips's sUCtion offina, 73, Bo'sd.street, 3Droitwich.WoFrcestorshire.-Impsrtunt Inse3tment.-Freehold Patent Salt Works-. rESSRS. BROOKS and BEAL are insiyucted to SEYLL Iy AUCTION, at Garrawa&'s. on Thursday. August 7. at 12 the valunble and inmportnt FREEHOLD PATENT SALT :'ORKS. comprising about two acres, wi'lh dwelling house, yards, and rremise; brine sbalts, brine tuon, engine, boiler, U Large pans, piping, ytant, adL macbinery in fist-rate order, yielding from the tenancy of . IL Bradiey, eSq., the annual rent of £550, on le. se until IS73 The =eans of transit are complete. The Oxford, Worcester, and WolverhAns.Olon atl,aybhasasiding into theproperty. The Droitwich Canal adoaistheworls with conveniencoof loading, &c., timb;randIron resevoi rs. The whole a first-Clars investment, and deman(iing imme&i3touttentlon. 3la-ybe viewed by permtssion of the tenant, and parti,lan had at the George, Drmitwic; - the Lion. Kidderminster B,R EL Il5grau, Esq., Stoueport;3 . Southall, Esq., Birmingham; T. '. Jonrv, Req., New Bridgestreet, Blaukiriars; and of the auctioneers, 3 12.Piccmdlll Freehold Inn and Premises situate in Westgate-sreet. in the city of Gecsuoo-er.-8y UTSrHARLES WILLIAM CAST3REn,at the Spicesad Eagle HoteL forthgateneet. Glose ster , en Monday, Ju3ly 28. at S osvlos oin-the afteroon, under Power of sale contained inamort- ggos deed, t none lot, - stlel estshed and well-n nown Market lEdw Red, the W Swan Inn together with the convenient sad extensive otabing.-vcoaeh-houses, yards. gardns, buldinggs atnd ieiga.tm r "iheralohal g st uate in t3he pEls of St. Nicholas, nithe cityf Goceten n te Orcsation of Mr James Lev-se a ayearly tennt,51 he nnulsent of £0. Unap~reauses containabar, bar ploudr.clubroom,-niebed ron ,Tbrewigpremiss end plarnt, exten1 StofOlltringand every requisite for alaigom Alsoall t ethre Heesagesr TsemotslmmcediatelY adioining tlse above, situate in Swan-lane ~ ~ ~ -rh, In? h frsi aihi the respective occepations Of, Emma Vicl.Edward_feee,and Imr Gray, as weekly -lonantg, a a-onto aroutIn to For2 partiannum. Tue hole of the foregoing wreise ar frenod. or sctculm Impy to Womehington E'vans, sq.; solicitor, 72. Colerna.-sstet, Losdomn; to Mr. Jaimea Lewis, osn thle premiuses; at the.- Spread EFagle Hotel;- and at the onlices of theo augtion'er, lit. MTary'osqsars. flieccter. I Davondsire.-Importsau Sale.---l. W .-w ,(tm p vieu4i'disporestof by private contract,of which due notice-Wm be3 gkres,, at the -New L-ondon Tun, Exeter- en Tuesday, 5th .ktZf,gs rn-Manior. of COlleton anid valuable -Freehold - TH IEta-ttes. -dsexholy situanstoin the parishes oDf Chud3~lsem-ad Chnwleflel, e-n the North Devnenise of railway, wbichpas..esv gd the Chulcaletob estate, andl is within.ess distance fro th uhwsgi esiatei. rbot 2i miles from-Ranter. 1g-frm CremstheCl lh Esrgisie cosvgsin thmaniouho ofn QCallon, salid 15 franu farnt-homies nodbhuLliulna,-nd cottages Exd atOut7 tacr..snurO arablo. Orchard. mesvow. mas1h, post~ure and wood lad. TIe propety is wall vdansedIfor'Peerervh)g gores, and several pan-s of Zox-hound% and -barters3 areC bunit in the irniedtiatil Vicinity ' and the riveir Taw,wbichcrnisisthe Western boundary of tb-s Chulrnlefgb essateco. aronb excelltut fishing : and all, the prereises am capable O' gerr-t Im,proveracnt- and offer a rare, opportunity for~ investment. Pr-tued pjctlcla writh p)lans oC the property, showing tine proposed lots, may. be h-sd a the 'Jew Lonimd'1Inn kforesid:av Celt ton;o &crfo,- fr. wills, th, nuneoncr, a Exter.- Fr viwin thepreises In Cbulraedezh aiply do Sr. eore IenciSh,at ollton an asto tbOU i us Chawlegh, t, ',: ~WRTON- HOGGAkr,C,n:TIT at tht-Ma546 To-morrow,atl 2,-iil be 06*re ilathe: 101vi PolojeforZ. ., _1 .:I ~ -. - 2. ~ 5Otslk~iihiemur ncCOfce ntwo lots., 2. et~rehl ~Ae in %xlepai deenC,nd,EbOey, 4OXoXt-rsish.s fdo Sttatt%po Dgr on awuley . -.6loiA COxordlile-Te tmtoixAudeyManor and Estate, noar I~~RjIAJSHs ORDERE of. SALE, at the jti5M el 11,WalthmssssowL.A 5V35 deahd, Freehl -Re Srec,ih dens, pleaeureiXounds. azdpark-ilke paddock,inseot O!Sito atlsituate atHale.E.d,, onbThvergeof the forest ;also abolt: consilderable buildingtfrontagm be 2- A F.,hold Ground Rent oi £e12 per anu:-tue oi vroperty_ At West Ham,.E.sex.-- 5. AeFho'd Ground'lezst o!1 er anmum. mcrdoupropecty iu 'fitn-teme, Old Ford-road. 4.APre-hol Grun Steut of HOO per annum, secured on tho MAqi Cold alli Pablio-house, andL adjoining property, situate iai 5. 'A valuable GrAundRent of £73_ peranon.m secu red con 26 houses, -einmate ut Cornwall-terace Bth, M6. 8hvcn ieaesholdy sidlcuce comprLsingo Ifo.1to 7,York-terrac, 7. loee oues.siuat i Cade-ton ndsomers-town,~ 3. ixleasbolHuucs,sitateIn oufibrokstreet Shepherd's. * 3, FeseoldReidece siuae i Wnlok-tret,New North. ,ThFrieehold BidgLndat Cr 'o,and Leasehold Bual. nese Pe Ise n theOl etrs. Partirnarazamaybe obane t teMrt; andat Mfr. aih'ws offces, 2, Charlotte-row, Mninhue Yaluable Stock sad Plant of .a Varnish, Colour, sacs Printing ink~~~~~~~~~~~lantof Vamsly 3nuacturer.-Byoider-of the Adminimtea-tri. UNIURE" will SELL by AUCTION, upon miPresl. 21. Old Monlague-treot, WhitechapoJM DAY, July 2 and To-morsow. at12 each -day,the valuable PLAET A TC 1-a V~arnih Colour, and Printing -Ink Manufacturer, Iincludbinga 10-homse *ewrstean,-eugine. 40horsepowersteaunsbDiler. Iwith the sbhannageanry. grinds iing mn Wgrlis, crushing ma- chloN CPrr Oann Tarnish Pot4 AV cd,r and tin cdatera colours, e pipes of ffots. 5 cat, of white lead, Itton of gum, 100 pgaLaof catsup, household furniture, counting-house fittings and numerous effects. May-be Tiewed (the machinery in mnotion) the day grevious andmnornings of sale. Catalogues had on the pele ;-or .1.roughton, Eso., soilicitor, Falcon-square ; and iOf Mr. Mrrell, auc- toer Walbrook,city. Gloeer-oduare, Hyde-psrk.-lfandsome and newrly new Furniture of the best manufacture, Pismoforte by Board, valuable Bronzes and. Ornaments, China, Glass, Choice Vines, and ntumerofos effects. 'jR. MNURRE,LL (i conuntien with Mesarm AflYiVlkinsonandSon)wlllMEIby C CTION~uoter~ss No. 47, Glocester'rquare. H dogar. o Tesay, Juy29,andr followiog dfy, at IL~ the hadsome FUNIU of thelbestl mnufacture having boon recently supplied by Messrm Wilkinson, comprising maogn four-post, Arabian, and iron bedateas,goodbdig SOTrs marble-top washstands, winged and other adrbee, and;al onychamber appendages,elegatrso6ewooddrawing room suite, handsom buhil cabinet-, wInged ana other cheffonlers noble chimaney. ginreseer, ~~octave cottaige pianodorte by Board, valeable brtonzes end ornaments, cornices and curtr.ins, get of mahogany dining tables. handsomecarved panish hoganysideboad, withlete-l back. eayadother chai-rs, dinner oldaHoun, lrrtbe mntrad Brssl Garmwe', aboJutly,de of chEEoiewHOeS, , elgandtadinner n desertd swrices bckt-ands culinat gartiens, n sit theo.4 genral ose o a gmentleman's esablshdment, thehoe Old exelent-rorder Sad nearl logtiulas bad o h sease of Messrs. Wilkiad :rne sonlldtSrs, 8, Eold. Bn-te;anofIr,urelautioneer, &e., 1. Warorook. city. CommebRgiee-old.-e Holdp Houear Land-ta Chredemed lifE. MURRE~~LL wvill SELL b AUCTION, at delmed,uith beache anBdenrontgen, situh t l nog 4,d WIllams-t errate RL. INURRELL will SELL by AUCTON, at AIYGarraway'o. on Thursda, August 7. at 12, a brck-bplt and ellMOLtdetce RESLIDG-NCESE conth ash-heoeuse,tyard c.mtuate o!j ~5,Islnd-ow,Colmerislroa, nar isnhome posCon wMa be tioneer, &e., 1, Wahousebiraoproccity. Welbuilt nrodeTaoe Reiene,l with longdiu Garden, Stblng, in. at W otchefland wonveien b u-. n 1~IRM-JERELL wiLl SELL by AUMTON, at iTGooraway's, on Thurslay, Augus. t?1, arLtwo2 aompac and capitlbAuil etce RESIDENCES, cn ontrainingit lacegen gaccommodlatio sivn,l suandonvnetystaein the Loe-od Badwrixtnra, immerynsfortndis nvewprk now minfts ormaion aet tBatee. Tbihlrehosoeta ienapproatche5b ycPrchaesweep rencilosed byus irn raiing.irHold upnleasehfourho afong owpto.Hl o ogterms, ata low giround rantg. May bevTiewed atclsdbtO ess Wodand Mrance, solicitors, 29aClomn-street, ;leoao at Garraway's; te ro othprmises; and of Mir. Murrell, auctioneer, c, 1, Walbrooi, city. Brn ixtnralls--work( genteeland ommodiouos, Famil0 Itacdesuofs, ins - mstcherhlandpconsenirenstain EiFi. MURRELL wis istELLd by submit~ toAtC M TIG ONw', on G hursday,ug , at t 1een if the lois, TW mo pitbvalu Fuy.about fotESIDNes, ino gehamrpair, wonisthlage gfarden pe-d saeHntlan conmeiently fitated win thre pirsofxton-ros, anver chosked dby wtanefrpomer seunpietoby gasteon and even~ iaorg stoe,0and,1 omollandplaidce Oamnyibuss t the catyowet end and otherc parise antedoo perannum and the th wil be kept vabjcat to sulite itheret convenenc o. oculpat=rwtio.Hld prlongtrs, ate lowarig,oand rents,eady mabev e hand ofMearsce S.Sihnon,slicitoes 9,slea-sret; atmardaa's ona tHeoloeansde ond ofr. Murrell, auctioneer, &c. Wabro, cait ok7cty Northamptoutolrhe Tfne-iON, atd Gamrtway's, at tileoen of the ensuding mouth,vlubury abot for mies fomdNrthLamtn;d osstn.flag n waterpwr upidb togadee fwn steam cmfrtbl retdero,fam-ard, and FcaboAugst ce of richV areadpa(stur LAND. The proprtyhwi be sold mexjetton anlif interest,no Haboktey. Full particulars,awthplans,mareowreparig,andthen reaOdyemay.b hadlofbMessrs.hS.dSmithad Sng ad, na the Tottes~, a nhraim, Ralwayn fntit-ar- donton lIA,R. MARBIADUKE MA4TTHEWS Wil SELL, 1iLk at the Mart, on Friday. August 1. SEVEN ThremsaluableFRNX lorner Lof S ofEFR EHOLAD, BUILDN ADo the hgrodlaigfmPagove gesmta te.he a ipotwantifon, otage thTttnbr and che emloe lto the nl ew cae,Prtsns- t h ic, l esy ToHnackne-wik n superior Mn-Enlaidil Ploim ofFreehodade Cropuhods R.7 th&IIABAUEMATTHEWS will sELmtL, AUCT, N art, one Fariday dy August 1, aWE U tlhgbl PLOry of tie, soeritbualte inAhurh-raY MAmeStON. placd witickrod Hpackney wik,Prticularsoand plants,wt maryno beershadsatothe ofss Old Rentay. waiath exeriePleasuilin Gronds, anea other Hotteohahe walwayro ducineabout6700 erSaslio;beng h . trino h at MR. MALO ON asU reeveA ntT ruWStills Sr teL forpubic O. II at the Mart, on Friday. Auut,SKEvauable6.ONaGA2,i loreet Themiwhoay teolatin,dotlhas a ndt Three eadesiprable lttin gramorndroad, Partcule pa vrsan plaeUnsfmaly nowubeshad Matetheofies, Trom 5toen40m,yeayspeirMa and 11c acrels of whlehasoure Grounds,y prduin n eae10 per annumAsHet-oe, fra mbortm temanio winl extnsideabwlet r eoesiocry epcabnt 05cy.,a h edcdrna f 9 1 o a ubi astt tio As th verMart,snFiay,l August1 Partcl tatvery coeobnlnermdem-bilartoFAMILYoMANSION, placedlwithin upards of 11 sguare:and ofMr. `W Mocon anveo ageal itanceMfroimth No-wood,ur ground. To I llns, pe rs adIale U .ge-OgOeen,, LLam, posesn AuctheaiuneMat,ofn geTlemnsdeay.ablshone9, anvrydejstralyonded theEmOL t complTE romprsidngeita famvouresdence,ty knownthinbrmiles Hofse wthe citydand, veryneful telrailtay sptawthion,hspeetn a sodtmoeot elirible prohrty foersudvion ine buistldn Palaie ndonos theeapirtnedsation of rsnttenaey Paroticeular and plnains ater.y superior brickesrt. Ol aery,uaru Frehldwmyb GoutanedRets wthe early; Reesons tohe thel RackmRnt,so tof d Geat-l Pcrope-~retyetise; alsnHdt-hof. largeFml Mresdnce3 S, wihExtensive Sal6oLeasueloGr ounds, wl ul and otelues;,the whoe pro.- of the lte W miHe th,erEstate Pambndo-hah Hcny MR. MOXONwi hSrEceived intheructions fromdthe Ja.k2xeiulorsto lcethefabove ingRstcasPERTYPEdtorlngthmret forpulicCOPI,'ETIN, t heSlat,WeAucdiyn Aug .art-12 in loin.The holei feehol andlandt ofedee edan excuomrisesf thee groud rein, ecued uon vry xcelentvamiy poueas,antMrellsbuilt Hackny, Csnbri~e-hath,sh-gove, he Cescet, ande the Oral,th £4,660mperanm MecantsoHileat-ose, BarModternasio and o xther ieem groundst CW o amb Tidgb-erth,frmerlyth reside,nea0 r. Hek-ath, but no ltenlAsefrQbUtIR ebars,a the redunuced ethatohe9 has,o a rpbeceisive -tution, Alstoovl smbyAll CIO Hose, Partiulresady b OAKtainMedt tueat ofEEW. Th. Cboventimer. s, soflicitorate Graliy,venstralg:tand ofgoMr. W.x, suvyr n uc tioneer, lbepr . Martin 's.odb miesfomrteod SRocieham-ta,Cption.sonSpecRulatrs andtfr Buldners six R. xo MOXntowilln h SELL atd rtherborugo Mant, ond1 m1es furdm arketn 29,arveryugdesCaahloges E ehOLd, E isAT, com-h prxisn am framil rEsidencte,Faknown, Ur Cohcn oose, wit rgardens, orhard an shevegMral pdetk inallbabouth:M oeight acres m,sinae on feebrontges, ;andcotheainsioverperi ortbicharptho Patcuasn Wood, Great Boaston, near Buckingham and Uppingbam. 01-11N MACQUIRE begsto announce that he haa Aj receivedinstructions to SELL by A&7CTON, for ready money, on Thuroday, Jufly 31, at Great Barton-park WoVod, Li&csetershire 2,11 POSTSf Piles and Stays.- 130 oords of Peeled wood; 10,160 bundles of farel rnd Ash Reds, for crate. wood, In 15 stacks; 250 scores of Bobbin Weed; 1,160 Ash Poles; co lots of. Oak Topo;~ 201 .Oak Saplings, los- prop wood os-pit wood,. suitable for mines or farming rurose, Lnchon illbe rovdedin heWooetby-11 o'clock. and the alecemencet Slosminue. he oodis two mileafromsthe Itocusehm Sttio on he Iuchand.Stamordline, six miles from, Sianen o th Syoon nd Ptesorouh lne,sd 10 miles from Mayfleld,w-Susx-EAilpbloFreeboldBotate,Land Tax-e(deeraed.- 1AR..W. TURNER isinstructedto SELL by AUG.1 ,L1,TION, at Garriway's. To-omorrow July 28, I55eat 12 0o'clock; unless previcinly aisposed of by Private Contfact, of wiiclodoe notice, wil be given,the--BIfN GIHURST FSTATE, consisting of a sulistan. tieS and comsfort3ble.farm-heuse, barn.%;stalbles, cost-houses cattlelceges4four- Labourer cottages gamekeeper's cottage, brick kiln, with an abundantsupply of brick earth, containing about MSacras of amable gross, woOd,-.and-hp-lana,.]ying within-arsingfened, of sound and stable quality, in -,good state of cultivation, withia fair tcroportlon of thrIvingaend growing timb-er thereon. Is well adapted furgame,and perth', bounded-sy a omall river In which these ore trout, as also a small trouit stream - running throughthe estate,-upen which there a delghtius -views and besfidisig gites. -Is of easy acces for market,beis)g.abos-t fourminles distant fromthe Ticchumt-food Station, on th Eactings and Wbbridge-weli Branch of thelSouth Eastern Hallway., An A&etof Parjismenthaaben-obtaned.Tora breach-lilne, extending from,h ieus-odSaio n esntrog.this etote toIfafled. Ditan 10mils fom atihan. 1 Lees,10 'Tu-abuidgewellscdwit~gq silesfem Ladau Psti~ ars d cooditloen ma&oha,.euct, sn lpplcalon o Hsor, P areyad Hawke, solicitor, Tre. Cosos-quro,Booug;.at heoflcoof.Messrs. Turner' -tinees,andnarater; 14,Higs-a.rt, ojsig, tedo; and at. -~~ ~~Iueln4ingsemelar~ ~ ~ vre Chlar ~1.TON t Us G.~j~Pall-mall, THIB DAY, Juls ifr,An at 1 ~~~~DR 3e ~ .German- Anr n vass,ajae4,tneah=.iks, b:z k Ok, thased metals, san;and an ImporIation to be aeauiwlh.. Outressre inludngmoms -ns Osientat chIn Jars, 1ea'ere,; and bwls earediedes eh~ea,handerchefs ko.Oniew two days -~ ad ealepss ba at the' Ga .5l 5,Pal-alN IMiESSR S FO STER and S ON are dircie te 0*OSELTJ by, t AUCION attheMar, et Te1iatnda Jl Ifnor, Ier of-th 2mp hi at- I w MiIn, oseph bein No. 1.8a 9 ke D Adsxxrd matidew ays N ror.s lend eatLtalosbad atM Pe, a--null jg aptSebou POSTERL 1 and SON are o dimlrected o&S bylae AUCTION at huthe beit, inoseparateda,uly29,) at12or * ordr o Y.te Mrtasee, TOmAr, AIof detached RIbfvewe, byerissg nO e7 te, 9 and2,dlonra noegt,-ottng-sthim' ooupe betwd espe alntnn4odhvn thoroSM. FOSTER b. lOad SONro aimdir vieted idbyth houseMU. bieiwebprmiAUCIONof thetenNIsfan T5frOf bad 79'at thert =dofk ineuri. Al0en An onts, LESBo cigrTE Hobos-squaregandofwell s.l %ve10uer,5,1Pa=-ol.2723I3A 3lll39ston42t%et, 7isd.49. between Van 0-bidetron le and tew MESSES. FOSTER and SON abee derectedbyx thfew tY.LMorie4fnewthe SELtLony AUCIONd Huat the Zv.eralnTota fa M ESSRS41 43 FOSTER and S9~gON Aee diete to leSELanLt byAUTIONy moeate Mrets, moun tain to 249.t 12rannm ariomlots.BeTurl htS fratm,of vaubleh IRS1rears RunxIred, LAtD,atground reteo5. onthesGea hortsem haUebeenearece bto an few ointhey oardemblihae neehbfullyocdplready byaU rspd.cuinbe d, th trol within prveenutscLe owalen of ther molermate,. and an adianc may belogibed siuton, ethis fwor ocuaisnwortlte-tteniong ofe pertsofs dimesonscythmosneti1n leautexehodin lsuever abot2 coelM and thbe rewdoand patltheareenhIme to Sothate.Mr t-n,T Tesao acnd Ho shstteoesMioingl.-s5e-at tne art;yanihd i,ESSP.S. FOSE and SON are drce to-SELL iJby AUCTION atthe Mart. on Tuesday, July 29 at 12 n toarioubs lts. evallI'Ob spcous RESluable oRHfiO habndtm lrn t Jioin.ing a coutnsiderablec nelgblurb already abuhot dsandocupe, oe the brhole winthi ve minutera. Walklof thetCntoy-latch-wandenothe Lte ctateion ouiering treat advuntagegwtolthoserwhopmay denirgoto build in anrwhr e bsegi ble siutin etheor ferocuationM oarbletig chimeyplos land 'vher fomsintes toerctionsevior tw house to other of thre= douimensos The monstrImportantw wextenigng ove aadd ut chs withe egimte ovfortnsae oonv&thehigherodifuroomthe Greenlaes toe Sonpthaon rloGomslo-tyaldlpdotshe and f forthe mmedand ocption ofd awm nrneriecableaight,and ar otheerHoutesr,wallafehod anyrtd feefofr1sndaleehe ngrlohmourhdo, arrawemkpledt wi thwter fromen wator-work aneall the poioperusty. fulr particles and plams may bhe hador of Mre Pamponecl spperPofr a,bud I6nng-have ee catrefMlt: attnde to. Mes.rs Foster, 5 Pauld-snigg st. vimewa*toe,acwh maida-eiln west,o Harrowroad inea thes Brtd5eb neigbourood.u wel wtoWethose newhomay e,loigfrs enet mJentSfSapta. Hel~ ad SONeaatl" airec directhedTrw.esELf the b AUCitIoN, AatfrU theMart, atonTusa,uly 219,rua aet. Ma,y twe lots,d ruantilith-bule, sndpaciurt)icularsChad of baneCodoer evamd tviesihal souicth asec, clmonstreiilypaed; at theort dioande ofvesr-t Fridemi th Harrwrad hlesbtatait a be heSa eerywhr observN.able the ornies skstngTe,%marlecmey29ietne, and otherV oraLtprin eic tpi dANce,o wthe uua rotne h cronstervatories arewell dEsind n d ohth ermleganto comfotsofoccuationf thedRingrt owm iStampon, bhein recptor room lofyandspacous,andth besedctoabilty Iwuld, lihe ndiutt te sertants trewbeaut and fudvyantaded fothin r Y s fopnrothmsaondmi_he aranemeants oheltbrdsemthentstr;andorthe pointsrgeqiteoforal fhsills acsomdt the sufaemfrguaryn ofpl udathempivedg sthle ofar buld -a ety to ahl whomaey, and indiwdanity of arsiteuseiontoifach itah. ounteighburhonod, arspwellta to thosane ofa overlookingproxafinety. OmthePddmgore eltae frtor yas, at oenl th6 Regrou ndret Maybte llew ted untton the salels B-il, and patclrtaho es rwer andt Downa,Th solictors,He o7,Colemn-reet;l adsto the Mrt;candssof tMe T Pw Tehallhfallego. eooba eo- roeb h el btesidee Surfe.loalnghifua oDitesa ofo Villas orTe Redene, ofd thelk in lots.d'vahying fro Theretow10sarigotues,stEHO w ate, within frmlivera tolesmnuts' beaek cofnteye teoate Tosw nStion,l befing apr iountof ray Park, ine bhichealreadyimarecanyotecmporetmnsitdons, h-ersae the by%eatan advueerantages ofgthisoroestrt or h otp efrrleVated vx and shlee rm gthe s candanotheyr ghrne of cj!6 Uhalk henils tnomet he suractIexgla Lsan rdeepl mnuaed. gIving tndatichlarmso varet sto n the Mesey,and indter,idualtlo statintj ahIs ih out -mintrrpto fl prospect, or annoyancecofooverlooings poximet-y. On tESmore FOSvTERo~ti are SeeN the dreigtead taoitELd Hils, AUTION, tthe Gleith Hilt, Boll-hill, and thednsduth owns. The frtilertlly ofa goendtlemadd tonthedicnes of. tihae Moew. The halthuless of Reioat,to hars beyme a. Wrveb the sILA, bhesies eatfinlelomis aotr of stnfed;nd,fritb grael suton, and chario, alldfoundConhestaor, byCtterolre; springso Cthoeureat waer which Binge several Dasvnei a en ovyd to hfdmn yS oothe resiifu nd bueildins a cuthe renisiec thobf co ldibrcneb cmestdfr of.rura Hrner,dand Nmastr he cactrOf weir-esAbb.Ah e CoptilenyMeldnt. The landbtrts reee ed, lans RAndpriclr ofesrs.Maten Thma.anoollass Eictty, Miciglae;a tewat;wndof d esspnrs.au oster,gu4, ba tF all-mall, Waiml,Aetmanltl Colletioeo Wenater-coloO Doraig of theam M ESRS FOTERand SON wr iretdt SELL bA C byTIN aUCIN tefartothesGaley.Au5us 1al9al, one Wednesday1, JulyG10,-atRI, anlexuste CoLLJTohBhNgEq (wofhWAtEorCoWIat D7.er.mINGS Pathiprpelay of a genaleman., staclisSto. Michaben's Montandret atView of bridoort,etwo worstberaJ dI. . Turner, 1.A theeexmpesbofltedeGd; Rewo of fru6 pe W.nnunt:a neir andth ConrCTIOry . Cat therMes Sevll CThesdral, Ayugust 19Hatbe; twoEbyLDai CROIx a%hfD'RENvT bf S.6 Coper; annum enmost from thred pencl of adoeadarhtcua ulinscle h ha . Ar.s Hitardi tKigNash Cooper,wo Mka,IsqA. n Bodnteop cupyFiling t 1.n forb6earts frmChrisms , 1c57,Rat B~udrent of46tteepirtonole wichtemty, ulLAs. wl Ondo viewwodas. prioe , and cat K alogusmadltl. al-al 0 WbrdeshinnTherM-ingroed RsUental prpet of £1 Soi1 er s. i MIESSRS. FOSTEI- aLnd SON arel Siecte by UC- theeart,anTuedAugogut 19, atthe n lt MDNLHYTASTEofNo.2r miesalrod Ctamfri30geas at £1nciert mannum, fandl eheld fr1 yesrtath 0e anum.ol Particularsof pl.aMceal,n Req. slcintreor.a19r, Abintdegn-streetnt thme Mrt and ornamens.lwater. and whon,e Psall-mall Freeh bya oldGuousfnde Rent ole £u6peranlynum.at i iAsSopen FOBe R land SON arabe pareofthed eto SEL. FrE0.1eOLDe Grops RN of £16) prctno abndnum,mus amplyncsocuein the huurand somec and theitetrld bidigs cle the praneclmarehawems seletumateoiwth aingPs-uroad, btwen Markham-squ are aomd syter-stareei ododt, icense ad pulisouse,e onh lenanshelto undr Johe famudyforlongocl76at therexpirationbof whicheterm the purchaserawil ontee ae. akgeyi Paurthicuar witill the pre,andy it days befor thesale,f an maybe t'rdGawhen haatheMarkteha irs; clbatted Elart; anToh Mse s = oste and on, 54e Pall-all.etenfrareieta Cablrin e-the ou dingoey Rotate, The prophertyn n f Sirgbal Vincento Cottoin,th liart.,fh comrisngteetraih of CMrig,andingieym sieoadfGroto1aged for btlioig St. Giesentil the nlatt weer ithinet effet madngthe stat tibridgee Texooteninguiyo h vr tniety oMaigly with the ancen vansionsand thrbe soviery 2,57 acreys, ary tis ES ta FOSTeR aeynd SONmer rnare Mditegted y Sodisr cnad hrent CottonK Ese-toSet, byrUd;N a thte Mart ,3non Tueday AuguEsFste19 at nd inone 5 Plot,mall GEYH.4fu Mile fRobmCamboride andauriaentmapositoramiy frtteehl eeitain.-ith thenoleold Englis mansld on,olaed in the cnity of la pak, n l agiEntLImbhae recanvd oamnstrutowater TheL whol esCTate ist thonedb aar ontinuow uslfence and12 ies unuseuaoy ofMrac. Roinsthe whole2,g75uacres, ' theogeae spartoneiseb aua ecs and aomnig RMSS inpore rtaoispn, fiel hids, To e agra nmbleprt ofyetmhe ehate pro-s d~ucsecllrgoenutcoed of extensia frace.Thno abcundantly eviencedl min otheTlxriatapecty its susathields;d thne pauendl ernclosures areecellent meadwsend ptastuofres;athe fand-houe vlandehomeneteadn are intoo tondition andoeo therpn tenantsdheldo unoderathe onpithe, estate. oppad tunityCuc is weaithing thebe his t h beauitaifus ht a red Gpeclatr she otmltd kpI amndts was thislo A usaetall snatprofiayl psbl wropety, s elebrted Elegy. The Statedn ofgreatimeotalc an a ivester nt,fruw esdnta proe Mrty,o fonrra family iheitnc, and12 in o wiothou itsE poiticault infUSEncSnh countyEofSCambinudnge.Telantal extendhp ownathe,h, si6e and froldngtagestfrebuiding atd?p rsatnth 1woCeoleis-nuderSt,e Plourgh.Th touithe agof th;parah l of inclued in ta,heldpurchae, In rreufect mayin te esate tithe free. TEs. contiguityof,12 Sth Urtnivesityet Tradingiey, with the MadvantRcages o h bestsoiety, woillto Alw v this estat-fe vlue beyot the eare rentaat MessGadidng,eyWoolntea Plo,artclasad planss of Clme nt8Ol Froancis,req, caity ge.Mros JonadCAre Cle, 8hol Estex-tee, StrWand; twheMrt Lndn Mr. obisons Hose nd arrige epoit orynite loit,aiLAS-n imporant reehld Cocerninete cited of elondng.os CA])SDEN, WIWqTERwoODh, ando RAv reCevdisrcontoSL by AUCTIOIS, atthe Marto-oronW, dneuly2J5, Y at 12, in cosquneof Mr.Rebiran LelinHOLD~gbuies E ThoESe sptaceiousn commwrkandin PerEmonsey' produiong ofthe r,It substanate6Ial. and covnim enlydaranowgeducncapitl, a crtinoportuinity of regslring fortunTee whils tod thei PFAK will SELL by -AUCTION, at the 20J'tBrtaunua Tavern, opposte i4mehouse:Church, on Thur-sday,juayly ,at 6 for 7 in the evening precisely,THRErbilkbult~m DVELL-1 ING-HOUSES, NTos. 1, 2, anI3. north side of Bun.-treet, Henrystreet, Limehouse-fieldsa aln Cottiage and a Plot of Ground in the rear: the whole let to good paying weekl tenants at £51 12&. per. annum. Particalsobtainedatthe nlaofsale ;of Mr. John Butier, solicitor, Tooley-street; and atMr. ofces, r, ToPeaysk Southwark, fie,4,Toe-ter * leaeebeld,-5. Gleceetoe-street, Port'nau-quar at a ne cm. AIite PerUBE,RGlotS-tErLL AfyeiA OT C ON, up hel fr 18years at spppe rco=, w'itlh coa-ose -ad stabls. Ma be'si*red, and particuar -had-of Mfessrs >Abbott nd'Wstaes 31.ay Snhamnerptonr-bidisgs; ,an,d o,f Mhr. J. Ferber, 18. D,ke-tVhe3e t Ma l leitSoueE ld Lurnioie, Pot oF Plate rvio-Platd WamrePcturs Linen, a n e l Postmansquare.-.- r-atreet5 .IE "J.. ?FUEBER wilSlIL-by AUCTION, by maisee; 5, Gloccrter-atreetPota-qur,OWensy.Jl1 t 12, ths y excellent and seo 1 wardylibee and bedding, drawing room suite in roseweed hey glaeaes, commodes silk crse,iebaddnng ta'bles-cia ls -^CO :. ouf plate, a servicof platedwe in entre dild ers, Wsaltrs, 1~9-pailg, candelabacofeSriedo,hn,in,afwpIlturesand.effecin. May b iwdoTeday,.edctlousao Mr. -T, Furber. 1,Duk-Iet Manhstrsuae To Print ann Book Sellers and hleorT Bkupc.- .. 1MESSRS. DEW-and- EYE the Asgnees to SELLby AUC t r Caoiesre,BishopysgtonTrea insfTOOKofniaemedre and unfrmdmdm 1 h po bof impm'resin, etcbings,frmsmodig&eCtloe o bebdo .'G. Morton. Req.. ,Bodsrebij;ado h auctieneere, 12, Bishopegate wit ot,- :the p=tllthre su 4 buf ton with oa hot4taq, ostto. ]bad at thse prnial,lu sBeiaaa ue.mpb bAUCTION, akGMamway'a onTaaday July 4A29at12 u.lms g egs,tbeprei n JsstIvaise outrzactTHRE If FrXEHO r R. LAN.situteat warms. * stulns. in the PPAkilsOf-Wadd1$don,; AbcOtfivsrmlelndatirzffre bztaaikn~o-ouwf9ie - .k-to Mfr. o4eishR obb.atu e viu. T e V wed-up perulason oftheter-nana Prinated partloci, .1i saas=kx~i 0?o to the sale at~tbe whadpal himiatIsBi0,. bam, ow. ,sd bteucb feesWWad F.lIzxAnd Sun suct raeeas.-&e., X6 Pe&Euxbsc.tsset padb,ur, Buc`kin;isaMPhJzirs'ebeAed arid, Colgehol&Uamo Ss , ELLIS and SON. amr directed to SELL .1kyAUCTIlO2M at Gsrrvaw a, cTusdaty 3July29. at 12 o'clock' (unless a eeoal offer. be!.vosmade', prvtecntraet),s paital PAS 'TRE nd AIsALR PAIs -sitquate atPadbur, nsar Rucln~asu eoeqwsin abest180ac~ith-fre.itit oommoiloua resienc, fam~~rd.stabline, baser uic. fasm.b.lsdinm.s letonaem to Mthf At £lOPer anmum. Abofit U w aces freehold, thererrsLlnderbeldof All Soul's Oullego,,oxford. renewable accoiding to custom. -To be slewed, -byplermWorion fthe ten"nt P'rinted prticular, -11ay be had prior-to the Male At the,srule Iinnsatliuckmgblrrn, Wirslow,&lreallmy; and Whitchurch: o-Mas W; W. andR.-Wren, solicitors, Fenchureb4~trect; at Garmw,,ls and ofessrs.R3iUiand Soe,auctoneers, *c., e26r. nhurch-aket ; .Quainton,;Bu kinghainalre-FYreho]dFarm. -MESSRS. ELLIS and 'SOX-iie instructedi to SELL I yA'UCOTI, at Garrway's. oni Tuesday. July 29, at 12, unless an acceptable offer be preTir&Elnade by.prit-ae oontract, a FREE. HOLD PASrURE andAR&BLEFih rutaQano.6sue frosiAylesbumo.ompriing abOut9 a~.witheOMfcet&abefarrnahouae,and sialagriclurlbildings.-- Lately in the occupation of Mr. - Michael Jones, acidjnow let on lease to his oaou4n-lawr Mr. Wiliam Shurley, starent of £1U0 ner annum.. Tobei viewedby 3ermissiou of. the tenant. Printed pirticulas may be- had prior to the sale at the principal Irma at Beeblungham. 'Winslow, A-ylesbury,- and Whitchurch;of M1ews.W.W.auidt. en,.sol,citors,2,Feuchurch. street; At Gasrawssy's; and of Mews.E2liu and Sonu,autioneers, "c, 36. Penchurch-street.. G0wer-street, 3dfoqurs-Secure lorsatment on the Bedforl. IEstate.-Nct Retoi£0t. er annumfor24 years. ME SSRS. ELLS dSO~are directed to SELL b, A1IIO -,~at Garrwa',o TUOuedy, July 29, at 12. a capita LEASEH OLD ItESDENCE, sIuate on. the east aide, of Gower-street, Bedford-square, bei4No1. -8, with garden at the backr, end douable carriag,e-house and atab~,ein Chenlee-mews. The residenoe is let; on lease to A. Solomon, Mia., for 21 years, from Mildsucamer. 181,4 at £100 pe nsm The stabes are let to Mfr. MTylor, at £20 per nnm The house andall"lte btcehldby two teasenat ground ree8, amounting to £17 1fs. for an-lanex plred term of 21 ysess from Lady-- da,1856. Toboee by hketa only. . Pzirse particuIar may be adprior to the sslc, of Me s. Hoome, Street, and Gutieres. aolici- toes I,rab&nt-court, Ph ilsne : st Owrrway's; and of Mews. Elaand Sonj, auctioneer, n0, Puchurch-atreet. This Dar, at Gazraway's.-in Insolvency.-t RehrMcaliew North-road, Ilnin RU . ROBE,RT REID wilSL.at Gairrway's, by ILorder of the Provisional AgneTHSDA.Y. JulyK24,1a2,a LEASEHOLD PROPERTY comprsntw delighus,o, un2 eru,New t7orfolk.etreet, and tw bsops in the rear big NoL, 01 and 54, Kingsce-erc, nthe west ride of New~Nck road, Islington, of thZnna aleof£ . held far an uinexpired term of 20 years at A rMD of£5rno .Th ossmyb viewed. Farticulahrs may be bado . ui. Trei hoaw.,solctr mayb Gray's-inn-square; at G raa';and of Mr., IICnte Reid, 48, Great Marlboroughi-street. This Day, at Garraway',s-Spafleldis.-A weBscue ron ent Of £271 per annum, held for 59 years unexpn d 1,1. OBERT REID will SELL, at Garaway's. IPT 1 THI D AY. JuldY 2 4, a t 1 2, i 6LEASF,HOLD GR ODN DRE B'T of 4I7 per annum, amPly secured on six houss (being No., 8~ and 9, William-street, anid 2, 4, S, and 6. Saint Helena-place, Wilminsgtonsqar,Spailelde. h id rom the Marquis of Northampton, loran unexpire term of 5 years frum Christmnas 186 subject to a rent of X1 &6. The Present reck rental of the house.is £'120. Thebhomes maybe viewed. Particulars may be had Of Mesres. Loveland and Tweed, Solicitors, 68, Lincoln's-&inn-felds;- at Garrways; and of 3Mr. Robert Reid. 48, Great Marlborough-street. TiDay, atIaraa',Vauberehl Einetenet., in he eihor oodo Oxford#treet. ~j4R. RO E T EI will SELL, at G4rawayes, LYJmTHISi DAY, Joulys _4a2,I i lotbaFREEHOLD ESTA~TE, compisig s,- ouss. ithshupe beint N~os. 8. 9, and 10, Rarrett'iounrt, an&Xos. Snd 9, Gee'-court, Oxford-street, andaNo.2 jo,hn'scourt, Edwards-street, Portmran-equare, let At rent. aonounting toM£0 rr11111 hhousesmaybe viewed by permis.sion of theesisnana. atTd=mybe had of Messrs. Burgona Clark, and ldincs solicirtilrs, may. Ofr-tt; at Garraway's;a of Mr Robert Reid 45. Great Marlborouign-street. ThsDay, at ~Garrawa;Y's-On the MArqIsM fWamntveiaae -Welt 6ecured Improved Rentals,prdcn£18eraum - 'r.ROBERT REID willSEL at(rawy, .L E§TIS DAY. July 24. at 12, iu he os ESHL PROPwScTY; conprianig on, 75, 70,ad O soun-tet,,r vFenor-square; and Three Dwellingsinthe rear, bigNc ,,ad7 Street's-buildings, let on leases, in consideratioofpeus,aey low rents arsoumtirg to £1l5l per snnumu, and hl hecfo h Marquis of Westminster for unexpired terms ofuwrso10yr, at groud rents, amounting to £58 per anumm. Ti rpryor a very desirable opportunity for secs're investment nsuha h grea~ent rack reatalis estimat,ed at £10 eranu.Tehssmy bOTOO YPermission of the ze~peetlveteat.y be had Of mesars. Bugoynes Clark, and Mi7usn oiior,10 x ford-street, west cormerof Strsatford-place; also a arwys;ado Mir. R-obert R-eid, 42, Gmeat Marlborough-street. This Day. atO arrway's.-Clitton-greo,Wrw-ic-rod0 ad-il -A very superior eaiyReiece fih imeiate Pow-sesion. RV OBET EIwllSELL, at Garr&Way's, MTHISDAY. July 24, at 12, b order of the Mortgagee, a LEASEHOLD) IgSIDENCE, situate , Clifton-gardens, M%id&-hill finished. in a very aupterior. manner, and c onta.ining ample accourmodation for a family. It comprise. two noble drawing rooms commu. eatin3g by folding doors a spciu diig orn1d1 lgatbedi or library, three PrinciPal bed chambers two barlow dressing rooms adjoining, four aecondax,y bed rooms, a noble entrance-hall paved, stone etaircase, well-arrnged kitchen and other domestic ostices; smiall garden in the rear, with enktrance to sacious pleasure grouInds, of which the occuniers of this and theI adjoining houses have the use, The residence is of the estimated annualTaluseof £118, and isheld for 'I1 yea-s at a ground rent of £15 anm May he viewed. Parti!n la re MAYbe had o f M essrs. Baxtleeyr Snouutf woodc, and Eearticey, solicitorus, 30, Somerset-street, Postman-square; at Garraway's; and Of Mri. Robert Reid, 42, Great Marlbornugh-street. Superior mo-derm Furniture,'Table and Freacket Clocks Pinmts ~C-n, Glass 12 doz. of Wine, and Misicellaneous Item&s. 11Ir. ROBERT REID WMl SELL, at his Roonms, ort ,L.Londay, July 28. at 12 for precisely, FURNITURE. inrlodo walnut,smahogany. and marqnetene 16o, card, and other tables, two9 bonheur du joir ditto, pair of inlai walnut china cabinets. sets of dining tapies, pedestal and other writing ditto, oDuches sets of chair, in damask and hatrcloth, chimney and gurandole glasses Brussiels and other earpets, mahogany four-peet, French, ani Arabia. bedsteads, clean bedding, SPanish mahogany winged And other wardrobes, chest. of drawers, marble-top wabshtands, dressing tables and tollet glasses bed chamber appendages, kitchen requistes and numerous other elfects. MaY beviewed onSaturday,and catalogues had, Richmond, Suxrey.-ImnPortant Sale of Valuable Frieehola Reltes j) R. PIGG OTT is instructed by thu Mortgagees 11under power of sale, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Gre6yhound Iunn Richmond, on Wednesday, July50., at I for 2, in.lots, THRISE substantial DWELLING-HOUSES, with ahops, extensive coachbuilder's shop ad premises. 12ocottages, a detached resridence, and nine recentlywedll botrdwelling-honses all freehold, and preenting a crae OppPortuuitY fQr investment of caPtAl3, or Of securing noure for occupation inth elihtu lrod n enlipy. Partiulran dodiin mayOb har at the Greyhound,In Richmond,; oa Mednersd rayds and Allen soiitR . PIG T C wciR-te, SELo by of Uesss.TIOk, Hatthes an Grie,ysoliitrs I . Bedfmord-rw, of Thomegas Juayt LwSO. at2fre3, aFrcHOtctD9 Jon-treet, FAdei;Y anSDEof CEr kngwnt,aucioeer,valuer, esith oand house, saglen, andrelugee Ritchmond Surrden.y. Mortlke, urre.- ecur Invstme twonea Co cmpactCcphod In e GimToo,atUther Greyhoud Inn Rihod,olededy,Jl 0,atM3,etensieol-esptabliHoseheld RNmentE-6s, Binaker's,r and Smiths PRMISE. it a sbstatialbitu rShopce co-achhose,an situate; i o the HighuStceLet rtaks nea thes rlalilway stationndth whaLrves on te bank of the AUThame. PnrticularsmancoaditionsmTay be~rw obtained, at12fr, the Gryondwihmond; Of theHTssrs.u anFSUnsY. soli,citrs.I.Poutsrygs aendern of r~. irgons, actioneer valuper,gland~ setstatebaent Georye-stree, Rndcchmon, srey.fetndn iin als tw R.ffnes rIG OsTo wan SELLbog by lo fa, In , o the tabes Daecon lose t .-ortebatfl nvetnues tof Dsat-hu adHm fieds,nea t ehu lrrch nd ir,mond-ps,rhand haingacomn tthGReyon. o ihmn;o er Bird SELL solicito M .eig TIOf esrs a et owtnd UVk oIciators2 foI, thne' biAElding,Lnon'-n ;ad fM g It aud Io ahoe-l* sand, hous agent, Gorg-tet ihod ue.n e,vle,et Veoyrtmsr-silauare,-ColletslHou schOld iiirm eturSo ites and i- n Effects; Walother valurbl Leaseoftes osnss,oo Prtremiatskes. he mRd E DWiag,lomd.b h latLe Joh Alinason te_ bq th Tuteet toe aeistuedoBELL byAUTIN onCTthe Peise the lbssrgT miOw, ul5 atth wu 120t for1,thewole on Therda HanEOd FrdyFuly 31 TndugutE, arpts,rus fen6derst and re-rons,ach abney'andpietrglses,in sOLEofChaIrs, eas chirs, and coucheS, setrf eigend dininga &_ table tof whchenrs are hDsoewlo aud maogany ilueo nueoafs n usherie tbley fleathDuer,bd and Rseddug mahoganye wasptgnds drile,sing tles, oand g3alasses, chngo daeris. tnhem amodmsoitrsad various ohrdsn~ =aeffcIs,toeter with th valuable learse of thsecmmningpro mises Maybe aesro Paticuars f th _ease, ar~Id catlogebrhatd Iolns ad others, maniy rare and curious portraits, lau,da_pp,, in Lacashie andChesire m Bobbin's plates of -Well-mnade HoufoholdIturniture, Down Beds, Pianoforte, and Effeorts, - .w~~~~ithoutreserre. - ~Jr-.B.TH MAS will SELL -b .A-OTION OIL - XTL -te Prmise, 6.Bedosd-PIiaes Ol Kent-road. THIS, IAy., Jol24,atil,HOSEHLDFURNITRE; comPrisinwMFench adfou-pot bdsead, hirmAttre.es &c., down beds. japaunent add -smacgaywaastads,toilet ittngs,'drlceatg-tables. glamses, bed-als.,- On Tiew, and pemblokes t t is eesa ieoad bos .-erocs cut-gAlasd tatedwarsTo ndLrten requisites a n vihew Waed- !1IR;E.THC0MtSONWMl SELL'by -AUC'TIOK, at b -IGB6 .OULDSMITHwnSL.1 C asO,o them"uie4a THSDOa mca atbd~ ~ ~~~~~wlbl -evt lecai,.wrngw ade BietateofthHm 'W Tolw45E acm othaa.0tynaJeem eMc et1 ias' t-1 r-auawe e-iwd ?aTIONla andtedeoso eeesbo eu*e..pje MOet0sNesa t h LEALo a etesmads y orerofTh Of te bihistremeUbilthe - t Ha e-or se's-od,tmle, ls h aoth he ldrearuyznesiedt of I= 75w yciat , amt..mxluemerte7or" whmAybeviowe U Patolr n o ljneie atticsL"t ;Of Jassa. Coil, Fa., Jashn =th Auduwte i ttl TWO ne]Y-uilt-pivas uls-rNewOL17 wel-ult Spacousaelst, mero8.Gbircur ncibnazounndBestayfta tsouO excellent Opoetiinity fo att OXly ett oe Mart, ~ow Mandat. buy28 t ,1 e of the'etmtd'iec X&AP per7anm.-e 1.1tw, BIX tiwell-asltLYMHsOr ofWMIni. Te,tham, ,,B.1%jobmdn 25, Aoretantefr~ ade at tO. anoteooldr a offiancdSho. 3elgsavwa-ug.d,p.~, GERO. LOKWOUDSIare ir eLfe byv th Aoth e tsumtfr8AEbAUTION, at h atnMn.J ,t t em seart.T zatote, ToWO nely-built prictuate beSWb24uS, BUoS, and 21PRoEetei. 6streepberane-road. h laoadirng.1 he3etfofrsa logyeva,lt t Houss o Prtaent,Aof Xo61Ise 1 per invn aOfteetrannum anualo 17u vacnt bay bfte vnledva. nec£7lranmhld pfeeu'spworde of7Kears atcd £10 rrannumht erachoue. Edgewobyr~ z, Itloneertoo Fa. suwod-lamtr,1 Hyapre-or, Tees 1. a4heMm PImliholdS wellsul Laehldwllns, for Investm entr- cuUmLWwc or oon- a -to'submit toheL b U O,attozak omro Julytimleo25th athe imceSalt.a- bick-bily omithetanew rdVe LeA. to SrDEM deigftfu.he greate and boeient Now bstn Wasrwieod. yeads,naton in ploer nu eroXbMenee, a sndthe holensof ith containatrle bed0.omsayheviwe bgpromi=themeu respePtionreDmt,eldants, Tieweads and prointied o arsal obtaine. s L taeyMart;lpia, Messrs Tol'r-nndeldatte, M.xbart- ando atm tandctteotiners of tee, Puol-. stet,ad 4 Belravoe-rioa, Hyepimlad4is Upo.lae-srOt Lapl easehold 13eBonest andt Shopeaterstretond. hatr ~MESSRS. LOCKWOOD wl submiretefot SAE by JgAUeetYoN sbyi fordro SALe byJTeesundr.a poweMrs o T-la,ath Vrow Juioro,Jly 25t,a1lvcnay the t eligibley BO-SIEHS P1t PS21 0 CTephcom-rosin, lCano2bury, lauing26,.htel Cbealog er-ste, and -l low coud rnt f per nna,, nd f tedetidedo wt annul ya MES SRS. L O r ietc by inthuiont- g-esto submit for pALEby UCTIOE, at the afart To-morrow ow, the 25th. day of puntly, th hpriorbultseemi-ed dtach~edim, VI,~- oftiECE due losigtfly~ oituateandbing vios.o 21e Warwuning k-Amry. 1 Ptanadingln in close jirdexismountdy t brick wgtandg u ;it cantalani siferooms, t ane-od,resentgioom,and exreereetiorportunhetd for tact longate,addta ow ground retont;hassreemtybeeron prutinto hemas preto rep=atr 'ndeowte estimated annual vAYlue Teof b85 Maeynofwte vienen, and printed puartcular obtained at the Mart: of W.X eetre Eosq. RaymTwsd-bie, ly-pl GaceHthrn; and at tbe offices of the ann. tloneer L, Bowo- ls,yde-park, and 4&. UppeBaker-etreet. Fligible Leasehol GInvestnant.Lsome Chestegr-stree aendgChestr- mews,n o thelae-oae puMTarodumn Heahn toualmtel f£10 R.AEJOHN LOAWSOOD il istubcte tot SELL by LYL UCTION, byttre artof thTree uonderJcy poter nof sal.atho' MeraftrtTomoreprow, ulary descrall pscerallyre, o LEA EEHODHO-a PEARTTIONcomprin ug thline of42,an 6 itle Chestefromtreeftioand Cohestr-ew,blcrodaresour, l lemfrbt a retiableottaenanits,lro derng£and oevraluu loso udhen groratewiof buhinh abouta t2 thea ace unexpired,aat thelow groundion rentdf2 prn mannm tothye pro - pertmayb ieboed b-ytlaeofteteat, and uet 8Cre-rekluinoe loulansi. sobictained at theauctionrt o Msrt. Bichut,f J79. wonnaug f-erane,u Edgeare-oad an tte fieAf h utines7, uwoW plac0e, yd-pk an 4T. UpproBker1-street.dadOo7od~ St. ohn'-woo.--Carm dg e,tan theiar ia RfeAidenewmt earlI BusheyS. LOCKthe omtofersaabt disetned byo thne Mttort onL tagee tono subit fortphblieSALm Ratlay Ahe Marlo-mbor- oW.the2t dayk of husauy,th sug.er,in oryectedplm dtoache orderA of the wihole localty,f Clumeryndinvewf tha aue sroun,diong cvnr. Coot. staneds Ainarge gardens anemuegounddhbrcwal, farmodhasa. valuabl frountaedb tomBrige-oad, presentin land excllnta i ogeothetfr erectacrgsn addituaeona thoue: Iitg conadn seven beod, roo Barnetsin roo, thenemreueption rooms, oohsesvaloue pc 'hold.frealngte, aitlarg prospedrent newluet to Mrn :yarcsatie lots.et t cof£05.estimd arded groand, and twonlodetisru2land,obteaifed atUihegi. on . AI L Benlt, FreeholdI Bildreting Ground andomeri Cottpes, Northgardees, con. rgoy a tqu te. p alodun tatproni oentaloSnth-Weter, Raiway, rarn cabuting ony the hadlioSadue Bfro erehBotoWto.nq, 5,Tvsok BQ f cio. oO f MeWssrs iome instrusted tong SELL beyIn B,idpaUCTiON,&VranBrn at the MarttnMody JI2, atl nlets,x Jolbe rmus,eflcnd aed ruzconarly desrbd seeaxl ooghcacres of 4REERaLI Pnll,andTICipon, runniewtyheln fte al-yrm h tto To Fnthenbi rttoad;erso Tw dl othesubAStaotial otgene,l with oir rood0Paticlarswthconditions and Coprplansma lxssoc es. d;o PAGE.Bihi nyh andi SurEtt, by. ACae-Treef, Licol'thnn In Chncec-'Doxo 24. Moogetekeyon Freeod and Aouygo Estat te. SOKnown a CtatdionrltokLedger, ind teParishes, cofm A.gldenam and Bou chey.ithounlccpDybofoees, a.O sheot ditanee1e from hsatoDn. on tztthe Lodons and orth-WesutioernRiway. Colso a Lteaehol Mdr upatue ortmov-teet,mo. Bito-qark ot` an8 Twio hope, H.JH lAS. wAilan SELL by -SELL bON iY1atthe Mat,o thuirsday,Ag. ,e inom lat, pUrsat t an rde aw co-apital,AMIY RE&bENat wit thOdmURNThousce omprice, de tachd tbling, gsarden, plreaue garround, farem-ycard,les and gluserounde tbym somie logood mheadowt lfmaoand,cnann ogeathrer abot. o0 acres, stuate onthwighd rooadse fot m Wted tonh Iri Bairne linetr vggoleaor, irwtab ,easycihait r bl tabnexpc, atoncswot~sm winthelrest lgpbrospetivnvaue Alsota dwin separ gatelotsr,tw cottages and glass,ani leasiehyolditrs in someu propcer.Ty in Upperd tRordoy-praoed, ita de mnla'cel.wenctslge may be ha f aue aredBoh F2q ft.a ravmsto. lqabre, y,olcitr:ofaetons,Tw Horsue, L tH,arnd engd 10ed. NwIn Das on'ts, land nd auction aovies, onMwayln Juglyhame8, 49 1, Palthmalual,en igtn HO Surrey. NEIZ ndETET o TouPrinerst, Esq.tomprisi nd outhor.- Stof genraigrom Siatiziomne,aud bdrooms fur, tooes-gatbe-rbeds, chn Fida. gaugst a 1a aitce 12,qu quntity of&toes,ghtwoll sippr-pate presage,Bad. T aeiwd CLata- logue atjiin,i the rooms, and oftebutoeer, 0,Coemn vteet, m ModernFurnture,i eoftledugebromle.gI arksp Cooafs Ceadnonbr M ESR . S. EAL MIT and SON ai r eL com mdn,d ato sumthilag taule COMPET101',a Upe-theet Auc.n tio ar,nea.h ak fEgad To-morw uy5 tZteoepRIrrow5 cFiomprising25 *,mahooany rtabian-ustnt and othomdstad,dgesofs hfrmedy mattrsses, with Te-Tonvwenisntandoes hre wardroes, dtebling, taoblhoesn glassesbhests fl lrawnr,wlu and flwrgroesewitd d'ainrooai chasle, lerrc and orbfr tablkes,bchaise odge wthre sa of ahogany of aise,thl reeses el6 duuiningt hable, nedarbookcas, siulrar ounebyrch. merdwlandai, adinna vaegy valiabrae titbs,re fycairm of l tablu 0 es, irn cludts,sen itwoerestthiing whoodgaps, with n, darawious, and ealletres, ch inaadiglarenmd labvariety oftages ciaenhe ricles.a Torbetiewedf the Day precdnge abondsmoringh saleturhenucatalogus may hrie, bad atthe rehoftoms, tho. 2acs. o homuryrnd, aowe Caincfot-SuperiorwFh ura niture,large Ltaibra), olomei bhaet ouneyTw torms LorneedondEfheestats,uo b lUe.e witoutanode. JO rtNSOlN withSElanL ayb byACiONa thLch uponn the PdeiacsasdHtabov tte. oniModay Jly2.a 2 all the vaublnet elHOUSEHODawn FURTTGErad EFEOS o , Mutl-.Aieston, Eeqo; comprising suiteas oIdawiS*ngro,digningrom, sDits, dngsedtaned6i-ort ipDrano-Fos eeloy Hopton palirt Oof380d volumEs L ebr Acin ONa the MnTso i aiter Sott Tusand otherppua authoris)a near-lylne mail hacntfon,era thezstdenc ae sftanen la-ii handS,man iron-graythorouC-rred mar.,desed, 1and lLtl hig ndthelnoev yeas,itwobst anHes,nry n eladdw.;le, odlandoeletheer aeoet. On viewsaturday lpreviu eto ndon thae morning o 0xle, and cratalogue; hadh upo thres prmsed- at thel frmbus Taverni, Dandnstodngline;an pof forn audjoinng, virs.Te tteavote as nd U nrheal ty aseh Calney-hatin 121 Acres, 'well timbered and judiciously planted; the gresad pleasure grundsnreextensive;parxtof theearsleseaTare beetlet or. some6, ydears to M. vt, Net Cnannuao oueI £1.-Mho lntc for venr-d amurobtawine the fe enefrfetadioesgontee cesiteClsmpartl tiuhe frle,eaudi mallhportion oly.s7sbjeat-t-oned tar.geilpaticle riuDnaye, had o,aOfplctond to Metss. baD. Taylr llasn nd ~taylore,ut'p1, Ueniml'ste.oblebom; essrs.i Lignitfoo andrlroftoh, Catle-s.ret, LoiestOer-.ur;ado r nket, ettagn, BaiSley. io rnete.'e lntuboA Hao 69-Qseastot New Cwoi4rannon-strret, ctul-EtigAnt Household', -FrAootere,--inthprviigfalnicdngaosyinidW- ictav otg Ug aoo olts,=e, PIr of inaidCbet, at, Walnut-tree o Snitont.'pieCsropetenob w Glasses,LduaCina Js, N-banznnnrsouvlualdo4e.,andraumserlas bffet Lc.-aPortin-b, tOrderof theSherif, and-adge'=Order. * ->LES-be~ to aanoune,bad s-roomtrpuctM-6. kY.SEIcly UCIIO,atbetoms,No 49- neWstrLet live lognAa oI Mr. B, Phlpt Sher fie,1. r elaly F- SILXXxn AUCIMOX JLttb lZk TR Au ERCE-~~~~m ~uLr.. M SRS. SPILIAWf and SPZXCE7*Uilt EEL R~LMAUCUONa~t KII DAY-at 12,thel~nw -T. 10M1*90J 5gmshsm-42. iMxS~~1~eholdwieyellid oorinall iBtali4r' ~4~SSR~~LLMAIJand- SPEYCE -WiSELTS AVCION attb TKWfIBDAY, irievou.Mio4woegg. ~J7ES8RS.SPILLMANAndd wpg roCaEwitsloj theL __ Mart~ THIS DAYAY Iihte12 31 the ramaisa Am a Jentleisk-wose lease s~ waxyrl, i Yluic-t2,sulleb-ud, rTem &le-bar are.rmwo ~pskrof ea, navilooe nin eligightflrsresl oalisca. n-fet wiged abint, iothmabe utopL, pesia- UlamSacpaudscm£8 dayesnpert, Tha agstliuultue a. Efelt.ofja'oe*obextwin. sq decac Lusual doI tp,I bt mnd igfar,gimet aid. omf aIna gofs k. AUoG whrl Lurther formcdas byl theladte rtised. Housd-itehol'dd Furitute. ro.no. 4,UppertHarly-tre_adtth. 21satRnpuliGOOdh illtero SELL, THISVke J)a., &zt fee WiwiselMtdaIndING eorgeC-ntSo- a getle-n;Toe eae S Majr.n iboncluding dhemuulbed-B room asOle, a2 caredXj r oenod drnayin Aroo chis bay odittof ahd Excuofa,k.M idwutJs 0ssrn 9,de laHestepr-taerravuluabew-roacneactock, hadncrv ta Hosdeital. metg ta blstantal 1hoirs, sacontaingus,gb dlnorms, M. gr de avid.g beeacts Catalogue anto MeEgtooet ldets toMroladkay reee.2 in tghtroomd Huse,cW and lowica Inazronnsnre rolUlt to tCiKtte and zPON andctioneeMrs'of 1itreetChale 1.d leotstD -AndlroSELb UtION,7at he dfrngret Boer Iirlio. etriuente can ereceuve ofo this Wsateuntsd teSohn, Dt.tm BaiAuloRagstrhet:Cand o the Isuloeer. It.UCnLiocibeu, Ownld.lBro u(: Gree(ateohusoh-nslgtre)t.4Lteso tePe op Herforderosd, will SELL by naUCtIOe Caat-bthdeir GnateRoo I1`e Piuradithy onrdayb Augustl1, and olown gilay. amlarge COLLE..- P10Kof TO r.APH atrER fuhel bym the luteay A.sam4,' IHEle Houstice hand auga fronsi thf t7pfeet.,Hde, andh porther ieebntrnedoldletion:icuing, 44h lepter storfthport bwedroo dorewhc We1 are aoydihed, So et.Iersa of aioDavid Wilie,do., alosoafw engeL-rgs FataloGODes will bem nec Lto tbo sAmps. ON on. bolrn aer. des,47Tsedt.-By t. MAon at the. Meget, oa veMona,Auut4 by~ order meltepoosl of the llaectoos NTO. 1, Gloestertermo, West-rogdo,noearthe L,ondotie Hospial. s a iubsantl hopeute, th continnnegtroom. wthe coa-. an igh-romedH~ne, fs 4,eldoer CarnnSream t. Cannon-stretpe road leto CatainNa oresa £20 :eard. atX4pranm4o stet,hare se etret, et o Mr.Aderon, at £1let-pll eld 33oas long ers Czyat liseoghat-eteet and o theautogneer,d one Un7ionrcour, Oldroa.W stret Ste f Hrto! aga-tre). - ydu tth oanHnf Neao.2Turd-od.inelanu-re, d near tsh. Caibidged-et-eelp fWr tl ron Thuy Mr. MAS A. at the M at, on lfordy. August 4 bat RIESI 2oj afoThurle of 37 i thebest,wh particftrop eontrhavnce,hand coonris, ofnbdthambpersioha.dsomerbedoetoms, dressoeing toom anadosowmor.large hn lst rubdmorydionlnxom brandfanin ratloor kaeitcen, and -wpitabboude. nd isNour. 2. Maybolomewei,loce cdnandsf priew tof the Xi, ndepandroad; held di arecBut fom, lvrihar OmenynDe Asandir Pueoel. fo 21 nghall-horee.nol8225tom guiea ftrie annumrwicb Tiseceied from Dthe ypr. doinin thosles,d leagug thar esand r of M r e ownt . Halrintlc rrace Bgray, P usro. . ..licito ..,........- slace, Xin To l pnd- amed; and ofthemacine,2 UIncut l MIL/J. FCE. SOTEVENS will SELL by AUCTION a. 2 rcluinelo,utheubat,1lg wish incmmedwiatehosin ofprthe, Voringin, sitation, pleasnl aitoe infes an ovene pasute reofvr tho ad e panr ith oah hose,e t stable,gan gardew: heDlrd show 8 erGs, aite£4r1,. td. boe ingbose n Chyniiuratb Sop, sad Aplhett- gem, skroaldg ieeu RooLe, Mayth viewsed ton d r rer and, ti ametimIces the d.r untr fte Evai,ga bAeriewedNoL 5,an e*t -sand97 iadnced-a7oto cler aeWt. Nuller, auctioepelr,o101.Houhstret,boydon tthuand ho,ects, CroVd of:aandrooer.-AGoDwiut Sollwxlesrae Begae,s.e RjR. PEEER BROADW will SELb AUCTIONi .0 knth Pemises, o hrdy uut4 tifrI h el MuielitREp adENC areo 2. Turue-equreiotr betprolioo veton, having treors oX ed chtamuemoter adoercpinro topener,t a& lpaoulctry ao. lreibes,romn nddnn rooaie, and Unretebledofi ,e. -TortOe ,a£sg oudrnt; days priord toWheale, anpstiulR baalf Meyrs utton,E-wend Ommlante and Prdeec 6uafnlall-treet,sler-bo, The fund- atur12 fer ewetoeoLAtTeandy priorUto the eale, san ofataogtueshad. aond ofatr, todwin 3.pailkiu-torsec, sBegarnble-pure.nlwrl~Ai piping, lAiL To Spe lh orms,e a ndtearlys,bdulcper coluloinem auraohssbarrel guns in ases, wlcigthiasparatus..bfxes,ingLditto, firoesingleide, aoadinlverymoutimbvoer, pirol 4an view pairW off W Cartialgue{stos aon -two pemonisesda show sue-ounetes, toflbook03= Ville, cutFamdliohd gemVlls, teoaicew,k. f henw'ordiesuofithre w dFire InsurneScey ~1SSRS.HONE MHIiDawUdEILLATI direUCTed ArI.tSELbUCO,non the Premi ses,M AY vl 4 as 1 abovIe,do-ieiow,lulyu s5,t 1o. tihegn his sound RIC and 2deSwORKmi, clmeay sDd .asdohesr doors, puraving. dirtervtwoi-on. safer, inrvronclun, safts, fu-mtand general aty erialso fu eodae ano be.L viewe nondid- pro osl,adctlogufshdnwa es tOxbenliadat theeauctioneerfs ofstce, near Chancuery-lane,m-adolrF=tam -Gadlaa~ byBoNwod2,btwobaCloatt-Hdtousby ld Furniture,Acoot,an Effe:c& oter a mirentmaer-As.lt Sales, Gw-nndrarllj of sandle er. M ESSRS. ]XRNAJ) -will SE LL by AUCTfON,~ M theirRomis.s THo. DA Oxlyrdsat 1, nerthe HUSROI The-ltinoros and tns aore of2 pntallsuperio chrer, supelor se!inh:cais tURIon Ur, 26 ooulitry. fAaim,orps.ad.oodrbd Positiv and hangngs,erwdith ed. -Tompalet,wirdromps, drawes, waah stractoretta, e and others,A powerful signe oomotv lninr, and sini- SsUR C.anEEwI SELL HyAMCwIONSELL bi MIAv J tile zo's adeiroinmgthe Sar n)41&d aerInZ Lew-bdgem TH-IS DAY.Juy G. at 6 to Il the mi bove spolentdid SEGESE,LD Umtd patclrV a hres an d io atIauto bodos,11Irn Wawiokcoirt, [taer Aucl Rom;ha14.adI.Lfstrare-I G.sth An,s lift.blA nLador~h a F~~~~~~~atcesf,t,Cahfvne Go-n aon ,peuzs lmof1otpreosj ae se l Volw~arIng ,,lvneise~sb sae efceda riae eIiees Yluairzs, egntaues.- al Gllryod acintaumoe
