DEATHS. On the 4th uit., at Hastings. Robert Henry Baines. Rsq.. late of Verulanh-buildin-s, Gray's-inn, iifth° souof the late Rev.JamesJohnson Baines. vic.-- of tlynhamn. Sropshire. On the 9th nidt., at lounmouth. John Barnett, Esq.. of Cheltenhsam, Coroner for the Forest Division of Glocestershire, and son of the late Henry Barnett, Esq., of Cobrey. near Ross, Herefordshire. On<,Sturday. the 23th nit., at his residence, Blossom-street, York, a-ed 25. Joseph Crawshaw, REq.. of Dewsbury, of the lirm of J. and R. Crahaw, raiUlway contractors. Oa the Ist inst., a' his residence, Furzley, near Axminster, Devon, John Stevens, Fsq., aged aL On the 2d inst., John Hinainan, Esq., of Garratt-lane, Wandswo,th, Surrey. On tLe 'dinst, at her residence, 7, the Terrace, Camberwell, Anne, widow of the Late Joscph George Stokes, Esq., of Hoadesdon, Perets, aged 54. On the 4th lpzt., at West 3lolesey Parsonage, Sarrey, of Ecarlatina. after fourdays- illness, Annette Louisa. the beloved and eldest child of the Rev. Tressilian G. 2ftcholas, aged 9 years and U months. On the 6th inst., Capt. Thomas Jordaiae Clarke, R.N., in the 43d year of his age. On tho 6th inst, Stella. wife of Joseph Bovill, Esq., of Regent's3ark, MElbrooke. near Southampton. age S9. On Sunday. the 6th inst. at the Rectory, Abbess Roding. Essex, IMary Enmeline, infantdaughter of the Rer. WViliam Eem-y Curtler. On the 6th inSt, nt New Brighton, aged 38. Fanny Dixon, wife of Pat.-ck Vance. Esq., and eldest daughter of the Rev. Edward Hall, chaplain of the chapel attached to the School for the Blind, Liverpool. On the 7th inst.. in the 6i'th year of her a-e. 'Mary. the beloved and affectionate wife of C. LCope. Esq., Spark-hill, Birmningham. On Monday, the 7th inst., at the Piantation, near York, beloved by all who inewher, Uarriet, the wife of the Rev. Isaac Spencer. vicar of Acomb. On the 7th inst. John Evans, R,q., 31, Gresham-street, city, after a long and protracted afliction. borne with Christian fortitude, aged 49. His end v.w peace. On the 7th inst., at the residence of her mother, Ham-common. Svrey. after a long and lingering illness, Mary Ann Rebecca, second dauighter of the late John Lewis Cox, REsq. On the evening of the 7th inst.. suddenly, at the house of his brother, in Grove-end-road. St. John's-wood, to whom he was on a visit, Robt. A. Allen, REq., of Ballingdon-grove, Sudbury, Suffolk, aged 46, to the inexpresdsole grief of his relatives and friends. On the Sth iDt.. atthe residence of her son-in-law, Frederick Bankart. Champion-park, Denmark-hill, Sarah Joshl Fowler, in the 86th year of herage. On Tnesday. the 6th inst., at Allestree Hall Derbyshire, William Emuns, Eaq.. agedl 63. On the 8tl inst., at Rams5gate Cnarles Gregory Greenwood, Esq., a3ed16l,umversallybelovedanddeeplylamented. R.LP. On the £th inst., at the Deanery. Carlisle, Mrary Susan Tait. eldest sarviring chil'd of the Very Rev. Archibald CanDbell Tait. Dean of C,ril-. aged eight years and nine months, the fitth sister cutoff by zcarlet fever within tive sceeks. On the 91th it. after a short illness, at hs residlence, 9, iockingham row. -New Kent-road, 31r. J. H. Simpson. of 54, London-road, in the C-th year of his age, most deeply Lmented. On the 9th inst.. in Manchester-squae, the Hlon. Wililam Leslie 3elville, in the GSrh year of his age. On the 'th inst.. at 3, Connaught.place west, Hyde-park, John Al!card, Fsq.. of Burton closes, Bakewell, in his 78th year.
IRELIAND. TIM SPECIAL COMMISSION. (nROIM 0b OVlN CORRMPOMEN-T.) DUBLIN, WEDNESDAY MoMI1TG. The Special Conuaission will open to-day at Cavan, for the trial of' the persons charged with the murder of Miss Hinds, and to dispose of several other serious cases. The Judges are Chief Justice M11onahan and Mlr. Justice Mloore. The Attorney(3eneral prosecutes in person, and he will be assisted by Mr. Jonathan Christian, the SolicitorGeneral. Great interest is felt in reference to the mnurder case, as some strange revelations are expected in connexion with the extenit of the Riband conspiracy in the northern counties. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 9-1; ditto, for account, May 8, 92 "; INew Three per Cent. Stock, 921 93 93A; ditto, for ac<ount, May 8, 93j; City of Dublin Steam Company (1031. paid), 58, Railways.-Cork, Blaclrock, and Passage (20Q. paid), 101 11; Dublin and Wicklow (10?. paid), 51 i ; ditto, for account, 5i {j; Great Southern and Western (501. paid), foraccount, 52,; hlidland Great Western and Royal Canal (501. paid), 492 ex. dilv. ; ditto, balf shares (251. paid), 25 ex. div.; Waterford and Kilkenny New 6 per cent. preference (41. 10. paid), 2; Waterford and Limerick (50?. paid), for account, 22 ; ditto, debentures, 5 per cent. of 5007., 95; ditto, 5 per cent. preference (501. paid), 42-. (By ELECTRIC TELEGRAPIL) DUBLIN, WL;EDNESDAY EVxMoG. DrEADFUL !URIDER. Letters have been received in town this morning, stating that Mrs. Kelly, of 63, Upper Baggot-street, whose name has been before the public for some years, and who had been left a sum of money exceeding 3001. by her late husband, Mr. S. Kelly, of Rookwood, in the county of Galway, was wilfully murdered yesterday evening, at 6 o'clock, on her own lands at Ballinderry, within half-a-mile of the town of Moate, in the coumty of WVestmeath. The foul murder was perpetrated by two assassins dressed in petticoats and black veils. Shortly after the murder the police were on the alert, and two persons in respectable station of life were arrested on suspicion of being parties to the murder, and are now in custody. Another account says :-" Yesterday evening Mrs. Sarah Kelly, hitherto disting,uished in our law courts, as the successful suitor in the cause of ' Kelly v. Theroles,' in which a very large amount of property was litigated, was murdered while out walking in her grounds in company with her nephew. " Two men, with blackened faces, approached, and, desiring the nepliew to stand aside, thiey discharged pistols, and shot the unfortunate lady through the head. Her death was instantaneous."
TEE EAsT I.NDi Coxrrwnr's Sm:vimc.-The Rev. Robert Bruce Boswell, ALB., Bengal Ecclesiaftical Establishment; Mr. Thomas Andrew Anstruther, Madras Civii Service; Lieuteniant-Colonel JohnJackson, C.B., 1st Born bav Fusileers; and Lieutenant R. Brackenbury, 19th Bombay Native Infantry, have been allowed to retire from the service. The Rev. Robert Easum, MA., of Lincoln College, Oxford, has beeni appointed assistant chaplain oni the Bombay establishment. MlEr. William Charles Loraine has been admitted a volunteer for the Indian navy, on the Bombay establishment. Mr. Campbell Robert Jackson has been appointed captain's clerk on the Bonmbayestablishment. Mr. Howard Blackwell has been appointed to the oflice of mineral viewer on the Bombay establishment. The Rev. Robert Bruce Boswell L B., late of the Bengal Ecclesiastical Establishment, hai been appointed to succeed the Rev. Frederick Hamilton ai chaplain to the Hon. East India Company at Poplar. There have been some changes in an important branch of the executive of the India-house-the examiners or correspondence department. In consequence of the retirement of Mr. Peacock and Mr. David Hill, Mr. John Stuart Mill las been raised to the head of the department. Mr. Hawkins, late of the Bengal Civil Service, and recently secretary to the Legislative Commission in this country, succeeds Mr. Hill in the judicial department. Mr. Prideaux, with a step in rank, remains in charge of the revenue department; Mr. Bourdillon in the public and educational departments; Mr. W. T. Thornton, te in the marine department, takes the public works branch; and Mr. J. lf. kayc, fornerly of the Bengal Artillery, has been appointed to the political departluent. In consequence of Mr. William Thornton, the second clerk in the marine branch, having been transferred to the Examiner'soffice, Mr. William Byron, the third clerk, has been promoted to the station of second clerk; and MIr. C. A, J: Mason, the junior clerk in the Military Secretary's-office, transferred to the station of junior clerk in the marine branch.-Srzi-t7 and Elders O-vrland Mail. CinrnmxPAP EnEcnox.-The election of a representative for this borough, to frll the vacancy caused by the death of the late Mr. Joseph Neeld, took place yesterday. There was only one candidate, and the matter created very little interest. After the usual preliminaries, the Mayor (Mr. T. A. Fellowes) briefly opened the proceedings. Mr. W. Colborne, the late mayor of the borough, then came forward, and, after paying a touching tribute to the memory of the late MIr. Neeld, proposed Mr. 'Robert Parry Nisbet, of Southbroom-house, in the county of Wilts, as a fit and proper person to represent the borough in Parliament. The nomination was briefly seconded by M1r. Wilson, and, no other candidate appearing, the Mayor declared ir. Nisbet duly elected. Mr. Nisbet then addressed the electors, and, after thanking them for the high honour conferred upon him, andmaking a few remarks upon local topics, lie stated that, although a Conservative, he was willing to support all measures of sound reform that might be brought into Parliament, and was prepared to support any plan that would place the vexed question of church-rates on a more satisfactory footing. A vote of thanks was then given to the Mayor and three cheers for the Queen and the new member, and the proceedings, which did not occupy half an hour, terminated. THE OFFICE, or PuBic ExEcou oER.-There are already four candidates-one of whom is represented as having received a liberal education-for the office of public executioner, although Calcraft has not yet been discharged. What recommendation being an educated man may be for the situation of common hangman it isimpossible to imagine. At the last vacancy there were only two candidates-Smith, a discharged soldier, and Caleraft. On the 4th of April, 1829, the day of election, Smith represented that whern in the Peninsula he was invariably selected as one of 12 men to shoot crininals. Caleraft stated that on one occasion, when the regular executioner could not attend, he performed the sad duty on two criminals, who died without a struggle. The Court considering Calcraft's qualification supenor to those of Smith he was elected. "M 1!Ay LODeS" IN AUST.ALIAN TUANsr.-But the Lords are going to do something now that there is peace. They have issued a minute, in which they are good enough to tell us comSamercial men that there ara thlree ways of getting to Australia-ti6! the Cape, s-i Sues; via Panama;* and with great modesty declining to pronounce any opinion of their ovn as to which is best. They ask the si.; Australian colonies to consider and agree which route shall be adopted. They invite steamship companies totenderforalltheroutes. This no doubt believedto be very energetic; but, all the while that the six colonies are wrangling-as they are sure to do-I shall still have to go by the clippers; for it will be at least a year before anything can be settled. Our firm says, " Put on the Point do Galle boats again." But the Lords of the Treasury are not going to prejudge the question in that way. Other firms say that if the official hydrographer (a person who would rather puzzle yon in an argunent. I should think) ba set to calculate, he would very soon find out which is the shortest route-commercial men generally regarding the shortest route as the best route. They say that if you draw ahline from London to Melbourne it will go by Dover, Paris, Marseilles, Sues, the Chagos Islands, across the Indian Ocean, right into Broad-street, MWelbourne; that there are railways, steamers, and caravans into Suez; and that all that has to be done is to put ten-knot steamers. on between Suez and Melbourne. This would land letters between London and Melbourne in 44 days. But miy Lords say that, although this is very true, the form must be gone through of waiting a year or so until the colonies have fought out the battle of routes. I say, make the tube; or, if you will not go to that expense, Clt as straight acrossthe globe as you can; and, for mercy's sake, get the circumnavig.ation discusgsion out of the Circumlocution-office as fast as possible.-Heusekhold Wor-ds. CIVi SRtvxoCS, No. V.-The estimates for Civil Services, under the branch " Colonial, Consular, and other Foreign Services," have been printed. The amoumt required for the year 185(1 is stated by the Treasury to be 320,2651., against 328,3441. last year, thus showing a decrease of 8,0791. The items include 12,0001. for the support of captured ne gross, 11,0501. for the "Suppression of Slave Trade Commissions," 167,4981. for consuls abroad, and 25,0900! for "extraordinary" expenses Ministers at foreign Courts. The ecclesiastical establshment of the British North American provinces figures for 7,397!., including 1,9901., the salary of the Bishop of Quebec, and 2,7621. for foreign missionaries of the Society for Propagating the Gospel. The civil establishment on the Western Coast of Africa figures for 10,2307.., of which 2,9000. is for Sierra Leone, 4,230L. for. Gambia, and 4,000!7 for the Gold Coast. The isle of St. Helena costs th;e country a sumn of 10.8-50!. (principally for pensions and retired allowances), and that of Hfelig,oland 960t. The iFailcland Islands figure for 2,901!. For excpenses of emigration fr-om this country 14,58-21. is required. 3,329!,. is demanded for the establishlment of a new consulate at Bangkok;, in Siam, under the new treaty, the consul to receive a salary of 1,200!. BRISTOL, SUOAR-MMUCE; Wednesday, Aptil 9.- There is a fair demand for sugar from both g,rocers and reliners, and about 1,000 hhds. of West India have found buyers at rather higher rates than.-could have been obtained last wreek. Some sales have also been made in Itnritius at full prices. Ruin is but little inquired for! but ! prices continue firm. Gambia and4000. four notice of the mammath tree. from Califosts tyesterday its height was inadvertently for esions be118 feet, instead of 363, 118 feet being-the height to nhich time btk c rd been 52 irQYdd.
ORDERS IV COUNCIL. (From the Supplement to the London Gauffe o' T*scsday, April 8-Wednesday, April 9.) At the Court at Bucldngham Palace, the 9th day of April, 1856, PRESENT,-The QUEEN'S Most lrcsllent Majesty in Council. Whereas a Treaty t Peace and Friendship has been signed between Ter 2. .ty and Her Allies and the Emperor of all the Rttsias,it is this day ordered by Her Majesty, by and with the' advice of Her Privy Council, that the Order made by Her Maiasty in Council, bearing date the 29th day of 31arch, 1854, by which it is directed "that no ships or vessels belonging to any of Her Majesty's subjects be pernitted to enter and clear out for any of the ports of Russiat until further order; and that a general embargo or stop be made of all Russian ships or vessels whatsoever, now within or which shall hereafter come into any of the ports, harbours, or roads within any of Her Majestys dominions, togetherwith all persons and effects on board the said ships or vessels;" and such parts of any other Orders in Council as prohibit trade with Russia, be hence. forth revoked and discharged. And the Right Hon. the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports are to give the necessary directions herein as to them may respectively appertain. C. C. GREVILLE. At the Court at Buckir'gham Palace, the 9th day of April, 1856, PRESEN\T,-The QUEEN'S Most Excellent Majesty iu Council. It is this day ordered by Her Mfajesty in Council that the prohibitions now subsisting under Her Majesty's Royal Proclamation of the 18th day of February, 1854, and nnder divers subsequent Orders in Council, on the exportation out of the united kingdom, or carrying coastwise, of arms,' ammunition, gunpowder, saltpetre and brimstone, marine engines and boilers, and the component parts thereof, lead, nitrate of soda, sulphate and muriate of potasb, certain descriptions of iron, and other articles mentioned in such proclamation and orders, be, and the said several prohibitions are hereby, taken oft And the Right Hon. the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, and the Right Hon. Lord Panurare, one of Her Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, are to give the necessary directions herein as to them may respectively appertain. C. C. GRFVILLB.-
CONDUCT AND COURAGE DESERVE REWARD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIIES. Sir,-In an article in laec TimeCs of the 4th inst., on the proceedings of the Military Commissioners at Chelsea Hospital, you state that "the old flags of Blenheim are hanging behind tile President's chair, and the gretfaofin hurninfrontof him."geat flag of Kin- Now, Sir, it is well known that the old flags of Blenheim werepresented by the great Duke of Marlborough, and were won for the country with much bloodshed aid loss of life; but I believe the country generally does not know that the Kinburn flag, so ably won, was presented to Her Majesty by a descendant of that great GeneraL Is this because there was so little blood shed at Kinburn? 'No doubt, if the blood of some hundreds of our fellowcountrymen had von for us the Kinburn flag the name of Brigadier-General Spencer, who commanded our forces on that occasion, would? be better known among us, and the gallant Brigadier hinself. would have received some reward for his able ser ices. But no! No blood was shed; and the Kinburn expedition, with its important results, has been allowed to fall into the background. Brigadier Spencer has now been eight years on foreign service; his regiment-the 44th-was one of the first which embarked for the Russian war; and no "urgent business" during the whole campaign has induced him to leave his duties. He was a Brigadier-General before the expedition to Kinburn, and he is a BrigadierGeneral now. I have the honour to remain, Sir, Your obedient humble servant. BE'ITER LATE THAN INEVE
TiLEGaRApmC CO3nwiC ON WIT CONSSTATINOPLE.-The following informationrespecting the Ottoman Electric Telegraph, between Shumla and Constantinople, bas been forwarded to us for publication :-" The Ottoman electric telegraph between Shanla and Constantinople is now open for the transnission of prvate despatches. Every despatch mnst be suxpelssribed *oie dMAdrianople.' By eason of the breaking of the line across the Danube, which cannot be remedied ntil the return of fine weather, such -despatches must ail bear the indication, 'Gourerneur de 1?oustchouk:.' The zonal distance from Giurgevo to Shumla is three zones; that fromShamla to Adrianople two zones; and that from Shumla to Constantinople three zones. The telegraph offices in England will, on sending such despatches, l eceive tne total charge not only as far as Giurgevo, but through to their final destination, notwithstanding the indication ' Gouvrcneur de Rout(ciouk,' which is merely intended to insure their transmission across the Danube.- Ottoman Embassy, London, April 8." IoDowD GaRAL ON}mUS CompAsy.-Traffic *Statement, week ending April 5.-Number of omnibuses at work, 412; total receipts, 7,742Z. 1Rks ld.; aversge per om>sbus, 19g. 6s. 2d.
U2IVERSI2Y IWT.FZ-YPENCE. OXFORA, MA1IL 9. 'The Kegsgus Vrotessor Dt (iree;, Mr. Jowett, wi1 resumo his lect-rcs on the Republic of Plato Co. !V.) on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, at 12 o'clock. He wil also give a course of lectures on the Trachinie of Sophocles on Tuesdays and Thursdays, at 12 o'clock. These lectures will commence in the Ball of Balliol College, on 3Monday, the 14th, and Tuesdav, the 15th of ApriL Dr. Lee's Reader in Anatomy (Dr. Acland) proposes to commence an Elementary Course of Lectures on Anatomy and Physiology on Monday, May 28, at 12 o'clock. Gentlemen desirous of attending this course are reque,ted to enter their names during the present week. The Christ Church Maseum, reading room, and work room are open to all perEons who obtain orders from Dr. Acland. These, and particulars concerning private instruction in anatomy and physiology, may be had on applying to Dr. Acland any day at his house at 2 p.m The Vlce-Chancellor has given notice that the teachers of French and German in the Taylor Institution will begin their lectures for this term on Monday, the 14th, and Taesday, thel5th of April, respectively. 'These lectures are free of admission, and open to all muembers of the University. Those gentlemen who wish to attend them are requested to call on the teachers, at the Taylor Bailding, on Friday, the 11th inst., betwveen 2 and 3 o'clock p.m. The subjoined notice has been circuLated in Common. rooms:- "Members of Congregation are respectfully informed that Dr. Macbride, Lord Almoneres Professor of Arabic, will ba proposed on Saturday next to fill the vacancy in the Hebdomadal Council, caused by the resignation of Professor Wilson." CAMBRIDGEf, Aprn S. The Lowndeau Professor will begin a course of Lectures on Astronomy at 12 o'clock on Tuesday, April 22, to be continxed daily. Those persons who propose attending them arerequested to leave their natmes at Messrs. Deighton Bell, and Co.'s on or befete Saturday, April 19. The Professor of Botarny will commence his Lectures on Wednesday, April the 9th, in the 'Schools at the Botanicgarden, at 1 o'clock, to be continued on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays. Gentlemen purposing to attend are requested to put down their names at Deighton, Bell, and Co.'s. Terms of attendance, one guinea.
BE ALEXANDER ZESIVE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your report of this case in 1The Tires of to-day you make use of my name, and certainly not ia a very flattering manner. TowY, as I am the only solcitor of the same name, and as I know nlothing vhatever aboout the case, being in no M ay concerned, or haling anything to do with it, I trast you 'will rectify the error without delay. I am. Sir. vours very- obOdie!ltlh J. CHY3?LE. 19, Great Carter-lane, April 9.
Tim RECEon- COLUsiox AT GBALTAm.-Tu The Times of yesterday we gave an account, fromn the Gibrailtr Cjhronicle of March 29, of the collision between the steamship Mino and the British sailing transport Minden. The Citronide of the 31st of March contains the statement made by the master of th'e Minden relative to the accident. He describes the weather as being very hazy at the time. Those on board did not aDprehend any danger of collision, and he therefore did not thinsit necessary to alter the course of Jthe ship, as the vessels would have passed quite clear of each other if they had both continuedtheir respective courses; but within a, minute or two after the master caught szight of the steamer thelattersuddenly altered her course by porting her helm, which caused her to shoot under the bowus of the Minden. Thse jibboom of the latter, coming in contact with one of the masts of the steamer Mino, was carried away, and the bovwsprit knoclk-ed down the steamer's funnel. The stemi of the Minden then strack with a severe shock against the broadside of the steaner. The master of the Minden rendered all the assistance he could, and his first boat had just succeeded in reaching the steamer when she sank, stern foremost. Captain Marshall proceeds to say that the boat saved 21 persons,-viz, 2 ladies and 29 gentlemen(passengers)and 17 of the crew, icclading the second engineer, the boatswain, aud the second steward. The time that elapsed from the collision to the sinking of the steamner did not exceed 10 minutes. The boats remained for three-quarters of an hour near the spot in the hope of savig more lives, the ship being hove to all the time, With her main and mizen topsails aback, and her head to the northward; the bearings of Tarifa light at the titne of the collisioa being W. and by N., Europa light bearing 1.E. and by E. half E. The ship immediately beganto nre guns, and continuedto do so nt invals for an hour, firing 27 iounds in all, and burning blte lights and rockets in the hope of getting assistance. At 4 a.m. the boats rsturned with the persons saved, and they had every assistance rendered them on board the Minden. T'hey informed Captain Marshall that the s'teamer had altogether 109 souls on board, the engineer at the same time remarking that he had received no orders to stop tl;e engines, but that he stoppedthem himself after the callision of his own accord. THE GsArT Smp-At the Liverpool towncouncil yesterday Mr. Hodson, one of the members, stated thathe had recently had a conversation with Captain Harrison, commander of the leviathan ship which is being built at the yard of M1r. Scott Russell, in reference to the accommodation to be provided for the Great Eastern at that port. In his (Captain Harrison's) opinion, it rould bh quite impossible: to swing iser in thie Sloyne, the usual anchorage ground of the American steamers, as she would there snap all the ropes that could be attached to her. The accommodation suggested. was a landhsg stage, to which she could be moored. MIr. Robertson Gladstone (brother of Mr. J. Ewart Gladstone), speaking as an extensive shipoNvner, expressei a belief that another vessel would never be built of thee same size; and it was, therefore, scarcely expedient for the local authorities to provide special accommodation for the Great Eastern. M: Tyrer (also a large shipowner) wras of opinion that the Great Eastern would zide safely at anchor in the river. The subject then dropped. EnI'XAORDIN,ARYAO ClDE-.-Al Sinquest was he'd on Tuesday, at the Bristol Royal Infirmary, before Mr. J. B. Grindon, the city coroner, on the bodv of Henry Barrel, whose death was occasioned in the foUowing singular manner:-The deceased was a gardener in the employment of Mr. George, of Cotham, 32 years of age ; and on MIonday afternoon he went to St. Philip's, for the purpose of ordering some tan for the garden. In Elbroad-street, which was in the way, are some steam sawmills belonging to Messrs. Fear, and when the machinery is in smotion it is not uncomsnon for a number of persons to congregate round the gate to watch the progress of the work. The deceased founda group of spectators looking on in this way, and he himself went and stood amnag them. A small circular saw was being worked at a spead of about 1,000 revolutions per minute, cutting a piece of crooked birch to a sharp edge. There happened to be hollows in the birch, and as the saw passed through one of these a piece of the timber broke off. It was a long piece with a pointed end, and, as in falling it camne against the back of the saw, it was hurled with fearful violence into the street, and striking the deceased, wvho stood at a distance of about 27 feet from the saw, penetrated near the bottom of his neck to the depth of between three and four inches. The poor fellow staggered a few paces, and immediately held his head forward, when it was observed that blood was streaming from the wound in an alarming quantity. The deceased was immediately convreyed to the infirmary, but he died almost immediately upon his admission. A post snorlenr examination showed th;at the stick had divided two of the largest blood-vessels, and M.Tr. Powells, the assistant house-surgeon, was of opinion that even had medical relef been at hand it would have been unavailing. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," but recommended that in futuLre the machinery should be covered by a proper fence. MTr. Fear, sen., who expressedi the deepest regret at the occurrence of the accident, undertook that the suggestion of the jury should be carried out. The deceased, who bore an excelent character, was a married matn, and has left a vidow and three children. FACTORY ILwisLATiox.-A subject is brought inder public notice through the pages of TVc Timncs, which, as affecting the manufacturing districts, well deserves consideration at the hands of the Lancashire and Yorkshire millowners. The Factory Acts are undergoing revison, and we think that the opportunity may be appropriately taken to improve some of the provisions of those acts having reference to other matters than the fencing of machinery. Mr. George Robinson, of Thong's-bridge, Hiaddersfield, questions the propriety of longer "requiring a surgeon's certificate of theage of every child or young person working in factories." The Registration Act has been in force for 19 years. Vnder that act all children are registered within six weeks of their birth; and souniversalis the popular obedience to this law that we very rarely indeed hear of any prosecuEtion for neglecting its requirement. Alrthough, therefore, every child and young person now employed in factories must have been registered at its birth, the millower is not entitled to take this registration as evidence of the child's age, but must have a doctors certificate on the subject. This is one of the singular results of our unwieldy and sadly overdone legislation. The registratiOn certificate of birth, which in every matter relatig to a child's civil interestthat certificate which would decide a title to an estate or a legacy-cannot be received as evidence of a right to work short time in a facto The doctor must be brought in, and he must do his best, by examining the child's teeth, to fix the date of his or her birth. It as singularly absurd thus to elevate guess-work over certainty-to do, in an expensive and unnecessary manner, what could more easily and ,with perfect convctness be done under machinery which the lawr has appoited of a national and comprehensive character. The fatory inspectors themselves complain that they have had to admonish certiyg sargeons "for having executed their duties without sufficient caution"-thatisto Sa for having guessed that a child was. 13 years of age whch was only U1 or 12 years. Perhaps a surgeon here and there has really connived at an infringement of the law; but the ins-pectors who isist on taking guess-work for reality-imaggination for truthcan hardly complain of deceit after themselves:-wilfully abanuoning the unerring test furnished by the books of the registrars of births. We rejoice, however, that we have their confession of the deceptivenesss of medical certificates. We ask them to help the miliowsiers to pay deference to the writtern word of the parish register, rather than to the tradition which has inthis case been allowed to overlay it. We ueed hardly point out the decided advantage to the factory slorit-he worker of the extract from theregister, which he or ahe may Cary from one factory to another, ever a medical. certate, which hasto be renewed, at the epense of the employer, es-cry tnim a,sz engagement
ADELPIPI YzEA TEE. A fortuitous resemblance between two individuals so strong s to occasion a constant mistake of one for the other was, in former times, generally used as a cause of comical dilemma, but of late yeara it has been frequently employed as a foundationfora serious interest. The story that attributes all the scandal endured by the unfortumate Marie Antoinette on account of the famous diamond.nec,kacetothe likeness she bore to an anprincipled adventuress was revivei by IL Alexandre Damas in his sequel to the i/cmoirs of a Physicia. Mademoiselle Rachel gave a temporary cele. brity to an indifferent tragedy called T aclrks, in which the reputation of the Empress 31essalina was rescued from in. famy by a sirilar hypothesis. As for the "Courier of Lyons" and the "Corsican Brothers," who that !mows anything at all of the modem stage is ignorant of the strange histories to which they give the name? Latest on the list is a drama by ML Bayard and Arthur de Beauplan, entitled 2h1drsc, ots Ange ct D6non, and produced at the Gymnase as far baeck as October, 1852, but not seen in an. English dress till last night4 when, with the characteristic name like ard Un2like it was brought out 'with decided success at the Adelphi Theatre. The first act takes place at "an elegant bou'doir in Paris," belonging to the domicile of Mr. Harry Mlowbray (Mr. B. Webster), a Yorkshire gentleman of fortune, who has resolved to marry Lisette (Madam Celeste), a sempstress of unblemished virtue. The apartment is empty at the rise of the curtain, but a lady-only called " lady" in the bills-presently enters accompanied by a footman, deposits an orange-wreath on one of the,tables, and, alfter enjoining secresy on the part of the domesttc, quits the establishtent unseen by any other of thedramwc(is pcrsonie The mind is thus prepared for a mystery, but the remembrance of the lady is soon obliterated by the entrance of Mowbray himself, who, on account of the 7nJsd1ia=nc he is about to commit; has to undergo the raillery of his cousinArthaurLeslie (Mr. Charles Selby), and the serious remonstrances of Sir Arthur Redgrave (Mr. Garden) formerly his guardian. The old gentleman's prejudices are however soon removed by a t&de-;-tcte with the bride, who explains her affection for Moowbray in such an artless manner, and describes vith so much pathos her simple and innocent career, that premature dislike is changed into boundlessadmiration. Thediscoverythat the mother of Lisette has been leadingan unvirtuous life andis now dying in ahospital (afactonlycommunicatedte Uisette by a letter delivered after the commencement of the piece} causes a slight ripple over the smooth surface of happiness, but it is a ripple only, and soon subsides; for the delicate IUsette, who, when she learns the stain upon the honour cf her family, would break off the match with her distinguished admirer, is prevailed upon to banish her scruples by tho passionate arguments of Mowbray, who declares that he does not value her the less for crimes that were not her own. However, a thunderbolt is yet in store for the fond couple. Mr. Peter Potter (Mr. WMrizht) a Manchester beau, madly in love with the leaYing opera-dancer of the day, has forced his -way into the establishment, convinced that Mowbray is about to marry the object of his adoration, whom he has traced te the door, -and weill not be persuaded to the contrary. Mowbray, to convince him of his error, introduces him to Lisette, wvhen, to the utter amazemnent of the bridegroom, Potter coolly declares that the lady before him i the very dcuscurc who has jilted him, and his statement is deliberately coniirmed by Arthur. We, who recollect the enigmatical " lady" at the beginning, and are aware that both she and idsette are played by Madame Celeste, have a shrewd sarpicion of the cause of the difficulty, but the personages on t he stage are not in our secret, and consequently the drop-curtain descends on a scene of terrible confusion, occasioned by Potter plucking the orange-wreath from the head of the bride. Six months elapse, the drop rises for the second act, and we find ourselves in a "splendid drawing-room" belonging to Mladam e Ventadour (ifIs Wyndham), a Parisian ladY of fashion, who has assembled at her house a considerable number of the beau 2iznde, among whom Count Kromnows1de Mr. Paul Bedford) and his lady, the Countess (3ladame eleste)-in whom we at once recognize the mysterious fair one of the first act-are eonspicuous ornaments. Arthur Leslie and Peter Potter join the party, and once more make the acquaintance of the ci-dreet op.rr,dancer, while they also amuse themselves wsith quizzing the bewhiskered Count, who is wholly ignorant of his wYife's anltecedents. A D(il rna. t iS proposed and MIowhray, wvho is still in Paris, is invited at the soeecial instance of the Countess. He arrives, while al thc rest havo retired to put on their fancy costumes, and is astounded to meet Lisette the real iAsette-who, in her capacity of sempstres8 has brought home a domino. From the conversation that ensues he is half-inclined to believe once more in her innocence, but when she has quitted the. room his hopes are again destroyed by Leslie's explanation, that the married opera-dancer is one of the party, and that. he has probably seen her travestied for the ball. While in a state almost of distraction through the atmosphere of doubt by which he is surrounded, he is accosted by the Comitess masked, who extols Lisette, and warns him not to give way to unworthy suspicions. He tears the maslk froa the face of his adviser, and believes that lUsette is again. before him. At this moment the Count comes in, swords are drawn by both him and iMowbray, and the Countess is slightly woanded in her endeavour to part the combatants. No sooner is she led to the bacl of the stave thau IMsette. hearing that her calumniators are at the ball, rushes into the midst of the party, and the -whole difficulty is speedily solved. Now the sisters-for such they areare seen in the presence of each other, NoWbray has no further reason to doubt the virtue of the sernstress, who has led an industrious life at home with her bereaved father, while her sister, who has accompanied her profligate mother, has pursued a course of splendid vice, and the curtain falls on the renewed happiness of the lovers The story, which weZhave given in pretty full detail, is of itself sufficient to show that the drama is one of no common interest. We should add, that the situations are exceedingly well contrived, and that, though the audience are in a great measure initiated into the secret of the plot from. the commencement, surprise is frequently occasioned. as the incidents follow each other. The acting is all that coiud be desired. Madame Celeste, alternating between the devoted innocent Lisette and the reCkless Countess plunged into the midst of gay dissipation, produces the most striking and effective contrasts, and her last change borders on the marvellous. With Mr. Webster it has almost been a special vocation to represent the state of despondency produced on a sanguine nature by some bitter rankling disappointment, and he never displayed his talent in this kind of delineation more forcibly than by the haggard, abandoned appearance which he gave to Movubray in the second act, after exhibiting him as an ardent and joyous soul inthe first. Mfr. WVriglst, dressed as a thorough Gallo-msnisc, with awful appurtenances of beard and mous' che, struck out an origoinal "hit" of character as the Manchester "swell," with his abrupt imperiousness of manner and his sharp irascible tone; and we regret that such a specimen of genuine comedy ws marred in the second. act bv the assumption of a harlequin's dress, that zeduced the part to mere grotesque. Mr. Selby, as Leslie, conspicuous im one of those cylindrica coats which Mr. Bucrstone has immortalized, played mith all that enjoyment of foppery which has often amused the Adelphi. And here, again, our regret wvas aw;.kened in the second act, when the masked ball converted the irresistible exquisite into a semblance of Oliver Cromwell. Mr. Paul Bedford, as the German count, stolid but suspicions, Miss Wyndlsam as the magnificent 3Iadame Vre.tudour, and MWr. Garden, wsho did himself infinite credit by his very sensible and finished representation of the old. Efnglish ger;lieman, Sir Arthur Redgrave, wvere all employed to good purpose. The scenes, two in number, were exceUlent illustrations of a lusurious$kind of life, the boudoir being as "elegant" and the drawing room as 'ispeurdil"' as the bills declared them to be. It is some time since we have had anew; drama of serious interest at this favouite theatre, and we masy cc.ngratltate the managter on resuming his old kind of business w-ith snch happy results. AL little p,.*nio6 may, ho wever, be recoin mnended in the dialogue of the masLed comic characters, who are much more humourous when they appa in t.heir owin proper costume thern in their fanciful disuisiags. In reply to loud shouts for the "author,"lIr. Webster, after announcing the piece for repetition amnid universal arplause, gave the names of Messrs. La;ngford and SorreU, vho both bowved from a private box.
NATIOXIAL STANDARD THEATRE. The exp'riment of reviving the "lecitiniate" &2r.ma in the east, which was commenced at this theatre in the holyday weel-, has proved eminently successfil, and the Lahtibitants of Shoreditch, reposing from the melodranatic horrors of the £ued-y Horscshoe, and such Eike works of the intense school of art, have been satisfied to shed tezis at the more poetic woes of Constnce and Isabella. The last revival is that of Anfony and Clcopalra, by the production of which the engagement of Miss Glyn at the same theatre about a twelvemonth ego was chiefly sigrall=ed. It is with Cleopatra and the Duchess of Malfi 'he, this accomplished actressis especially identified. W7izh respect to both parts she has almost been vhat the French cail ihe "cqroatrice," for Shakspeare's Egyptian tragedy -carcely exists in the memory of playgoers, and Wehiter's tale of terror had not been played for something lie a ccn-;mry and a-half when it was revived at Sadler's Wells. In both parts, too, she distinguishes herself blv the sll wi-nth which she renders a high-comedy style conducive to purposes of serious interest. When she represents the irresistible beanty of antiquity she shows, throuch all the SCelf5 -with L-arc Antony, that she hRas exactly that influence over her lover which may be acquired by a designing, but not unaffectionate woman, over any victim who hns once yielded to the potency of her fascinations. Her smnile is at once luring and triumphant, as though the certainty bro-ght with itthe means of conque$st and we feel -hat howevcr the Roman warrior may writhe and struggle beneath the yoke, when he finds himself losing every point in his pcitical games he will end all controversies by rushing into the .nse of the lovely tyrant. To the sustained le-i,y of character throughout the greater portion of the play the co'emnity of the Queen's death comes as a most "m;presive contrast. Misfortune has rendered Cleopatra sublime aud it is almost as the inhabitant of another world that se speaks of the deadly " aspic" as the " baby at her breast." 'ilhe last stage of woe is treated by the actress with a poetical ffeieg that tones down the horror of the scene. gazc Antony is exceedingly welplayed by Mr. Marston, a-ho represents withgreatforce a uisit, genial nature, cert lain thatle is can the road to destruction, and receklessly, not blindly, adh"1'ing tothe fatal path. The muse en acetic of the piece is highly creditable to tbe manager, Mr. DouUlas; indeed, such hieroglyph-spaugied decorations would, 30 years ago, have been loo'hed upon -as archeologica marvels at theatres of much prouder p,rveusiog t}an the National standard
PARLrAAfETARY IzvTELLIENCE. flO0USU OF COADIONS, WEDNs-A., ARir 9. T SPEAKER took the chair at 12 o'clock I'ditions agaiust State Education were presented by Mr. WNW,iER, from a congregation of Protestant Dissenters weeting in St. Mary's parish, Norwich; also, from a conBregation of Protestant Dissentersmeeting at Necton, in Norfolk; by Mr. MILLIGA:N, from the College chapel and Salem chape, Bradford, and the Baptist chapel, Bingley; by M1r. A. PELL:&TT, from the Baptist congregation of Sheffiad-road, Barnsley, Yorkshire; by Mr. CROSSLEs, fromsthe west-end counregation, Sowcrby-bridge; and by Yr. H.GsAn 1,fromProtestantDissenth g Congregatioels at BardweltSuffolk, Tring, Berkele4-, Broulghton, o`tu 3mpton, lambvedon, lrley, Bradford (iltsi), Staplehurirk Thetford, eod CastleDoninCgton and froLD Baptists, Tedrnorden(5, Hatch-Beauchamp, itarsley, Satterton, Beckngton, gandfrom a publc meeg of inhabitants of PWrsley. Pletitions against thef ofthef Abiureon Billpe weed preseaed! by 31r. HI. G. LAZonTOY;, from thze committee of the EristoiProtestant Alian^rce; by Mr. CsiLu, from Ridduiph, St3iardshire;- by M[r. WnYsssoie, from inhabitats of the Sarish of Lambeth; by Mr. Srn'.aro, from Wshe Kirk beasion of Kiilmadock; by Colonel LLwnSAY, from the legyand inhabitants of Wigan (2);- and by itn r. WICt31 from ButtershMr, West Rtiding of Yorks'oire. P~etitions in favour of the bill were presented by str. IdLLG.AS- from the ongregation meeting at Camberwiellgreen Chapel, London; by lTr. MIIas., fromn Wisbeach; byMr. SCHOLEPIELD, from the new meetingL0ouse, Binningham; and by rl Gsorsoee, from the tnitarian eongregation of Bymouth, and ienibthe inhabitants of Aspatria and Newbury. Petitions against the Bleaching Works Bill v.were presented by Mr. Sncur, from t he dyers, lace dressers, and bleachers of Nottingham and its vicinity; by Mr. Bo.iD, from the operatives of Lislea, county ofAnnagh;l - adhy Mr. 'CA;S, from the operative bleachxers and linen mnanufacturecs of Drogheda. Petitions were also presented by Mr H. BU oVne, froSithe lergy, magistrate, and inhabitants of Tewkesbury, for an aboition of "the diLracefal laws in the cclesiastical Gourt s" b Colonel BuciS, froi the niisterand inhabitants of the parieh of Sendford, Devon, against the abolition of church-rates; atso from the parishes of Crediton, Bampton, appsedore,f Ghitheridge, Thorverton, Uftulme, Silverton, <)kehampton, and Holsaworthy, in the county of Devon, in favour of the Medical Profession Bill; by er. B;A byE- from tho cBsorhyds in the Montrose Post-office, praying for superannuation allowances to Post-office oflicials, by ofr. Achurchtes ;by Mrf, from the minister and session of the United Presbyterian Church, Etlinton-street, Glasgow,hVaainst theHMaynoot g,rant;* also from 621 inhabitants of GlDagown, praying for repel ofdthe act for the better regulation of pubEichouses in Scotland; by Mr. BELL., from Boronghibridge, Burton-on-Treat, Ilighl-flatts, ant Gildersome, near Leeonl in favour ofrth theotal aboEtion of church-rates;- by hIr. G. BlT'?, from nnedical practitioners in the Tisbtuy Union, Biltshire, for giving reasonsblefeesntd aoLoancestopublic vaccinators by a nrovisioniu th.VaccinatioE Bill before the Houser; by3 r. BanSoN,frO aeneymore, Dert Chaore, and Ringsend, county of Den-it, praying the Horse to extend the garliEhouses (Scotland) Act to Irelpand; by Colonel aL Tvret, from the colireoation of the Baptist church, Bridgewyater, against the appointment of a Minister of Public Instruction; by Ilarn HiPDFTLD (3), from the ministers and congregal gallons at Rlusholme-road Chapel, Grosvenor-street Chapel, and Canon-street Chapel (all Independent), in Manchester, for meaigres for affecting with due regard to existing interests the repeal of aLl acts of Parliamenlt, and the discontinuance of all publEc grants, vvhereby any tensporal provision is ma.^de by l.aw for relialous teaching and wrorship) in Ireland; by Mr. PELLATr, f'rom the Congregational UTnion of England andi Wales, praying that the Dissenters'. Marriages Bill mnay pass into law; by Mr. AM'CAsN, from John hunber, of Preston, in favour of the Factories Bill of 1856; by Mr. KnE, from a place in the North of Ireland, complaining of the dishonest practices there resorted to in the gettingr up of petitions on the subject of the Bleaching WYorks Bill (this petition wvas read at the table by the clerk); by MIr. AIL, from St. IWaves, and -Mylor, Cornwall, for the abolition of church-rates ; also, from the inhabitants of Wisbeach, Warwickshire Association of Congregational Ministers and Churches, Independents of Oulton and Wood Dalling, 2Norfolk, and Wilburton, and Isle of Eiy, for withdralwing State endoNwments froni all ecclesiastical bodies in Ireland; by M11r WAnRtSES, from practitioners of medicine residing in Norwich, in favour of the Medical Profession Bill; by Mr. L. D,,AVS, fromn the inhabitants of Llandissiliogogo, in the county of Cardigan, a,,ainst the removal of St. 'David's College from LaInpeter to Brecknock; by Mr. KiRIC, from the bleach-green owners on the rivers Callan and Bann, in Ireland, complaining that the signatures to the petitions Purporting to be from thelr workpeople, presented to the House last session, were obtained on false pretences and from parlies who wvere not so employed at all (this 'was read by the clerk at the table); by Mr'. ALCOCK, from Putney, against the Local Management of the Metropolis Bill; by ',r. DILLNVYN-, from the congregation of Ebenezer Chapel, Swansea, against the Maynooth Grant, the Reginyn Donum, and similar grants for religions purposes; by Mr. J. DCF,^, from the I're-bytery of the Established Church of Scotland at Fordyce, for the repeal of the 3faynooth Endow-ment Act; by MIr. STIP.LIiG, from the Free Church, Doune, and the Kirk Session of Pathstrine, against the laynooth grant ; and by H1r. BROT11ERTOyN, from Maenclochog, in Pembrokeshirealso from Llansa-ntfraid Glyne Ceiriog, in Denbighshire, against all religious grants in Ireland. D CUSTOM-HOUSE REGULATIONS. In reply to Mr. Tncor-AOEY, Mr. WILSON expressed his satisfaction at bein^ enabled to announce that an order in Council would issue this day removing all the restrictions imposed in conseunence of the late war on navigation and commerce. .BLEACHLNG WORKS BILL. On the motion of Mr. L BUrT, the second reading of this bill was postponed to Thursday, May S. PENTONVILE PRISON. Mr. BOWYER gave notice of a question for Friday, on the subject of the regulations of Pentonville Prison, as to the access of ministers of religion to prisoners not members of the established church. OATH OF ABJURATION BILL. Mr. GIBSON rose to move the acond reading this bilL and observed that, not having bad an opportunity of niaidng any statement with reference to it on the occasion of its introduction, he would now submit to hon. members certain considerations which appeared to him well calculated to to induce the House to give a favourable reception tc the meaesure. This course wvas the msore incumbent on him as he found thathe was threatened wsith opposition (hear, hear), though, indeed, remembering in what the main difference consisted between the hon. gentlemen who supported the bill and those v-ho sat on the other side of the house, he had not been ivithout hope that he might have been permitted to carry the bill through its present stage. To avoid misapprehension as to the objects he bad in view, and to gu.ard against the dang2er of being lured into a wider field of discussion than the oceasion required, he would assure the House at the outset that he had no desire to raise the general question of promissory political oaths, or the kindred question to what extent such oaths formed the real securities for the Crown and Government of this country. (Hear, hear.) But he would claim the assent of hon. members to these obvious propositions, that politic_il oaths ought to be suited to the times in which they were taken, and that useless oaths were opposed alike to policy and religion. (Hear, hear.) He might also assert with confidence that the position that had been l aid dowvn by a coinmittee of the House of Lords in lI&4-namely, that it was the duty of the Legislature to abolish all unnecessary oaths, commended itself to the judgment and good feeling of the Commons (hear) ; as also did the opinion advanced by the sa3^me committee that, even where oaths were retained, care should be taken to avoid their needless repetition. These were such obvious maxims, so true and clear, that he would not attempt to enforce them by any argument; but it wvould be for him to show that with these principles the proposition he Wa-s now maldng, that this bill be read a second time, was strictly consistent. The bill dealt only with one oath. It simply affected the law which required that the oath of abjuration should be taken by persons occupying a -ariety of offices in this country, and also by the members of both Houses of Parliamenit. It w,as substantially the same as the measure that had been brought into the other branch of the Legislature by his noble and learned friend Lord LIyndluinst, and, though verbally different, it enjoyed the entire approval of that distinguished man. (Hear.) The enacting clause merely provided that the oath of abjuration and the assurance as set forth and prescribed in an act of His late Majesty George m. should not, from and after the passing of this act, be required to bh taken, sub- scribed, or made on any occasion or for any purpose wvhatsoever. (Hear, hear.) There was no interference here with the obligation now imposed by law on R oman Catholics, to takeothe oath prescribed by their creed, nor did the bill affect in the slightest degree the liability which would still remain to take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy. The biU confined itself exclusively to one object-the relief of aU Her Majesty's subjects from the obligation of taking the oath of abjuration (hear, hear); and it did so on this groumd -that the oath in question was a political one, adapted to meet a political danger existing at the time of its introduction, and that, tlat danger having long since passed away, the oath itself w.as now superfluouis and unnecessary. To certain hon. members who had paid but little attention to -this subject, it might perhaps occur that, in askin" them to discontinue a practice that had prevailed for a century and a-half, he wvas soliciting their sanction for a needless innovation; but, if they would read the oath and reflect for a moment on its history, -there would probably arise in their mind a feelingthat there was a strong antecedent probability that an oath originally imposedunaerastate of things so unlike our own might be unsuitable to the days in which we now lived, and that lapse of time, and change of circumstance, had com- pletely superseded the necessity for its administration. (Hear, hear.) That we should have so long neglected lookmg intothisnmatter need not5rprise us, seeing-thatwewere nowr daily employed in getting rid of obsolete oaths. One of the objects of the Universities Bill was to enable the authorities of those institutions to dispense with such ihings. Soon after the passing of an act introduced in -the rei;a of Willinm IY with the object of providing for the Ati'1iyion ofuniecggusry oathu, and which act, moreover, contained an exceptiQ,n hi certain cases connected with the Customs and Ex6cis, from the very oath now under consi- I deration, there wsas laid upon the table a return showing that the cperation of the measwue in question had been to aboEsh in the course of a single year no feower than 125,000 oaths. (Hear, hear.) He delea the keenest scrutiny to point out the slightest insecirity to our institutions consequent upon the removal of tUs hue heap df oaths. (Hear, hear.) Let him now call the Mtention of the House, and especially that of the hon. andl learned member for Stamford (Sir F. Thesier), who h given notice of an amendment to continue the aw in its present shape, to the anomalous position in which the oath of abjuration now stood. By his proposal to retain the existing law. the hon. and learned gentleman wiould no doubt te]l them that he did not mean to assert that the oath should be enforced indiscriminately nlon all who were now required by statute to take it, but that it should be systematicaUy waved in numerous instances. If the House, however, were really not prepared to enforce a law, it was surely high time for them to miquire whether that lawv ought not to be either wholly repealed or materially modified. (Hear, hear.) He had obtained the opinion of emineint counsel as to the various classes of persons who could be legally caled uon to talke this oath, and found that they comprised all the officers and men in the naval and military services of the country, as well as all schoolmasters and niinisters of religion; so that, if the statute were rigorously carried out, it would practically prohibit the education of Jewish children and totally suppress the public worship of that persuasion. The only persons exempted by law from the abjuration oath were the officers of the Customs and Excise department, who were simply required to take the oath of allegiance. The enforcement of the law would, therefore, amount to a virtual outlawry of a large poztion of Her Majesty's loyal and affectionate subjects. The hon. and learned member for Stamford would probably remind him of the acts of indemnity passed year after year to relieve many persons holding the offices and emDloyments enumerated by the statute from the penalties-which it attached to non-compliance with its provisions; but then it would surely be far more rational (to use the language of Lord Broughamn) to pass a Perpetual instead of an annual indemnity an thus vwolly to remit the obligation to obey this obsolete enactment. In the cases in which the oath was insisted upon-viz., when it was made a oreliminary condition to the assumption of any office-no doubt it affected many persons injuriously; but in the great majority of instances-namely, where it was not required to be taken, except at stated periods, subsequent to the original appointment to any situation-the la slept, and the parties were often aow ed to escape the oath entirely. The enforcement of the law which the hon. and learned member for Stanford wished to preserve would, however, exclude members of the Jewish persuasion who now practised in onr courts as barristers and solicitors from all professional employment. Another inconsistency which marked the present state of things was that members of Parliament were the only class of persons denied a share in the benefits of the annual Indeniaity Act. The avowed object of the oath of abjuration was to bind down persons engaged in the discharge of important executive duties from perverting the power vested in them by the Crown to further the claiins of the Pretender, and the persons specially contemnplated in its enactment were those connected with the army and navy, the teachers of youth, and the ministers of religion. Yet the crowcd for whom the oath was chiefly prescribed were exempted from taking it by the annual acts of indemnity, while members of Parliament were, on the other hand, pertinaciously held to the obligation. As illustrative of the inteilded universality of the abjuration oath when originally imposed, it might be mentioned that it was related in Boswell's Life of Johnson, that the person vho drew it up shamelessly boasted that he had devised an oath that would damn one half of the nation and starve the rest. (A. laugh.) And certainly a very large number of persons would be starved at the present day if the law which the hon. and learned member -for Stamford proposed to maintain were impartially exacted. The hon. and learned gentleman, how ever, could not really mean to enforce the provisions of the statute; his proposal, therefore, as far as it went, amounted to a practical repeal of the law and, therefore, it was rather hard that he should oppose the second reading of a bil which would grant relief in the very class of cases which he himself held to be entitled to it. (Hear.) The first ground on which this bill was based w'as, that no reasonable man could desire the o.ath of abjuration to be maintained in its present shape. Alter the form of this oath they must, whatever else they refused to do. Nobody would dispute that; and therefore it was surprising that the hon. and learned member intended to resors to the extreme course of attempting to throwv out the bill, the more especiallyas one of the miembers for Cambridge lUniversity had given notice of his intention to bring in a measure to alter the wording of the oath, as being unsuited to the times in which we live. (Hiear, hear.) Certainly, he (Mr. Gibson) would not have treated that biU as the hon. and learned member for Staniford proposed to treat the present one. In his own opinion, no substitute for the existing oath of abjuration was at all needed; but those who took a different view would not be precluded by voting for the second reading from proposing a modified form of words when the bill was in committee. One thing, however, was quite clear. This oath could not be retaned as it now stood. Its most important clause was as follows : - A and I do solemnnly and sincerely declare, that I do believe, in my conscience, that not any of the descendants of the person vho pretended to be a Prince of Wales during the life of the late King James the Second, and, since his decease, pretended to be, and took upon himself the style and title of Kin" of England, by the name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the name of James the Eighth, or the style and title of King of Great Britain, hath any right or title whatsoever to the crown of this realm, or any otherthedominions thereunto belonging; and I do renoumce, refuse, and abjure any allegiance or obedience to any of them." The only persons here abjured were the descendants of the pretended Prince of Wales in the life of James II.; but it wvas a notorious and indisputable fact that none of the descendants of that individual now existed; and to make a solemn appeal to the Deity in attestation of our renunciation of all allegiance to persons who had no existence vould be simply ridiculous if it was not manifestly profane. (Hear, hear.) This part of the oath was a palpable anachronism. On this point Lord Derby, on the second reading of a " biU to alter the oaths," in another place said,-" I do not object to leaving out of the oath the words 'renoimeing allegiance to the Pretender."' But this clause omitted, the oath at once lost its distinctive characier; for it could hardly be contended that, if the abjuring words were ex;punged, it could any longer deserve the name of an " oath of abjuration." It would then only consist of a series of ailirmative promises to do certain things. The preamble of the act first prescribing this oath, and which received the sanction of WVilliam mI., only wvhen that great monarch was on his deathbed, distinctly showed that the renunciation of the claims of the person pretending to be the Prince of Wales in the reign of James II., and, together with his descendants, was the main and primary object of the enactment. The preamble stated- " Whereas the French k-ing, in hopes of disturbing the peace and repose of your Majesty and your kingdoms, and creating divisions therein, bath, since the making of the said act, caused the pretended Prince of Wales to be proclaimed in your Majesty's said kingdom of France by the naame,style, and title of James," &c. This oath was, therefore, at first framed to abjure the Pretender; but when the Pretender died in 1765 Parliament did not act so absurdly as to cling to a form of words which his decease had renderedobsolete; bhut changed its phraseology so as to point it against his descendants. Therefore, now that the descendants of the Pretender were all extinct, the House would only be conforming to established precedent in again adapting the oath to the altered circumstances of the times. (Hear, hear.) When Lord Lyndhurst introduced a bill on this subject into the other house, Lord Derby, although differing from the noble and learned lord on the question of Jewish emancipation, consented to the second reading of the measure, in order to secure the excision of the effete part of this oath; and he hoped that the hon. and learned member for Stamford would now follow the exaniple of his leader, and allow this bill to go into committee. He (Mr. Gibson) was, however, prepared to show that the whole of this oath could be not only safely but advantageously dispensed vwith. Having already disposed of the paragraph abjuring the Pretender, what were the clauses of the oath that remained ? The opening words were these:- " I, A. B., do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify, and declare, in my conscience, before God and the world, that our Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria is lawful and rightful Queen of this realm, and all other Her Majesty's donminions and countries thereunto belonging., These words were quite superfluous, their purport being plainly included in the oath of allegiance, by which the person sworn promised to "bear faith and true allegiance to Queen Victoria." The engagement taken by the oath of abjuration then proceeded:- " And her will defend to the utmost of my power against all traitorous conspiraeicsand attempts *imatsoever, which sha)llbe made against her person, crown, or dignity?' The obligation to defend the Sovereign from traitorous conspiracies was necessarily implied in the undertaking to bear faith and true allegiance;* and this passage was therefore only surplusage. The same remark applied to the next clause-viz.: " And I wlIl do may utmost endeavour to disclose and make known to Her Majesty, and her successors, all treasons and traitorous conspiracies which I shall know to be against her or any of them.' The oaththen continued:- " "And I do faithfully promise, to the utmost of my power, to support, niaintam, and defend the succession of the crown against the descendants of the said James, and against all other persesq whatsoever; which slicession, by an art intituled 'An Act for the futhtler Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject,' is and stands limited to th Princess Sophia, Eleetoress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being Protestants." To promise to defend the Queen against the deseendants of h said James," was to promise nothing, because those descendants had no existence, and therefore these words being wholly impertinent ought unquestionably to be struck out. To say that we -would support Her Majesty against " all oteer persons whatsoever," had indeed nmore apparent significance; ut, armed as he was with the authority of both Lord Lyndburst and the Lord Chief Justice of the Queen's Beach on this pointt he ventured to assert that the necessity of an oath to maintain the Act of Succession was entirely superseded by the oath of fidelity and allegiance to the Sovereign for the time being; because, on the demise of the Crown, the Sovereignty inst-antly vested in the Protestant heir under the Act of Settlement , and all niembers of Parliament were required to swear allegiance to the new monarch. Thus the maintenance of the succession was fully provided for. The same noble and leaned lords further said thatthe support of the succession was also involved in the oath of allegiance, inasmuch as it would be impossible to be faithful to Queen Victoria and yet engage in plots to subvert her rights and those of her legal heir, the Prince of Wales. Moreover, the oath of abjuration did not bind members of Parliament in their legislative capacity. That proposition was admitted on all hands, Pt was once disputed whether the King after taking the coronation oath 'could con"isteistly give his assent to the Roman Catholie BeliefiBill; butit aards held that that obligation was only binding on him in his executive and not in his legislative capacity. H the Act of Succession could speak for itself it would hardly thank them for an oath ike this which could not prevent the three branches of the lsla.1 ture froma alterin- the succession if they saw fit. At ithe same time, whenrtord Lyndhlurt introduced his Oatis Bill into the other house, he was ready to agree to 'a form of words guarding the succession, out of defere:ace to those who thought that necessary. ln a similar spirit he (Mr. Gibson) was willing, if the omission of su'j1 a provision were made . naterial objection to h bill 'co offer no resistance to its insertion. It might be as i*ei to mention that when the Criminal Law Coinmisaloturs reviewed the oaths some timenago, tney recommende4 tlat an obligation to maintain the succession to the thone as limited by the Act of Suecession should be added to the oath of allegiance to the i reigunig monarch. Whether the object in view should ha effected in that form or otherwise, it would, however, depend upon the wisdom of Parliament to decide. (Rear.) Re hle now come to the concluding part of the abjuraration oath, which was as follows:- " And all these things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear, according to these express words by me spoken, and according to theplain common sense and understanding of the same words, without any equivocation, mental evasion, or secret reservation whatsoever; and I do make this recognition, acknowledgment, abjuration, remnuciation, and promise, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true faith of a Christian, so help me God." Having got rid of all the antecedent paragraphs, this one must as a matter of course go lik-ewvise, because there -would be nothing left to " acknowledge and swear." (" Hear," and alaugh.) Thewords of acknowldgmnent and rec6gnition, on "the true faith of a Christian," would thus be disposed of, unless it was to be contended that they were a substantial part of the oath and ought to be maintained as a declaration of religious belief. If this were the ground taken by the hon. and learned member for Stamford, nothingwould be easierthanforhim to enact that asa qualification for sitting in that house and for filling public offices and other situations a declaration of religious faith should be insisted on. That would be a straightforward and intelligible proceeding, and, if Parlianient assented to it, it yvould have to be submitted to as the law of the land by every man, however dissatisfied individually with such a principle. But if the oath were in itself obsolete and unnecessary, surely the hon. and learned gentleman would not seek to keep it alive for the indirect object of instituting a religious test. Parliament had formerly enacted such tests for the avowed purpose of excluding from the Legislature and from certain ofices persons whose religious or political creed was supposed to he danugerous to the State ; and therefore it would he unfair to insist on retaining the words "on. the true faith of a Christain" until the Rouse first declared its express intention to be to withhold the civil righlts of a portion of Her Majesty's loyal subjects. If any one point wasmorecle.arly elucidated than another at the trial of "Mliller v. Salomons" in the Court of Exchequer,' it was that the concluding words of the oath of aburation were never meant to be a religious test. kr. Baron Alderson distinctly stated that these words were not a religious test, and he explained the maimer in which they found their way into the oath. It was thought that the introduction of those words would render the oath of abjuration binding upon some persons, who might otherwisehave taken theoath with a mental reservation. Baron Alderson said " It isa curious fact, only lately brought to light by the publication of a manuscript from the Bodleian Library at Oxford by Mr. Jardine, that one of the mainproofs used by Lord Coke when he laid that case before the jury was the production of a little book found in the chamber of Francis Tresham, one of the conspirators mentionedin the act, called A Treatise on Equivocation. This treatise, corrected in the hand of the Jesuit Garnet, and having the imprinzlatur of Blackwell, the then arch-priest of England, discusses the question how far a person called upon, as he thinks unjustly, to make a declaration or promise, or to depose or swear to a fact within his personal knowledge, may lawfully equivocate by using ambiguous words or reserving mentally a sense of the words used different from that outwardly expressed by him, without incurring the sin of lying or the guilt of perjury. The question is there resolved in the affirmative, that he may la fully do this; and among other propositions it is affirmed that even if he be required bythe fonn of the oath tenderedin terms toswear 'Iwithout equivocationormentalreservation,' he may still equivocate and mentally reserve without danger to his soul But in that treatise there is one exception to all tlis. No person is allowed to equivocate or mentally reserve, without danger if he does so of incurring mortal sin, when his doing so brings apparently his true faith towards God in doubt or dispute. For, though he may lawfully, on proper occasions, omit to avow his trae faith, he must never, by what he says or swears, bring apparently his true faith into doubt or dispute with others. Now, this treatise being before the Government of James L, and in the hands of his Attorney-General, and used at the trial of the Gunpowder Plot, we findin the same year, 1605, that in a statute enacted mainly with reference to the same plot, these words,-' On the true faith of a Christian,'-are for the first time added to theoath of obedience then framed, and for the obvioas purpose, as I think, of preventing effectually all such equivocation. I do not, therefore, call this properly an oath intended as a test of Christianity, which it was not, nor as a mere test of obedience, but an oath initended as a test of obedience, and framed so as to be a test againt all equivocation also." If, then, tlus was a correct view of the intention of the legislature in adding these words to the oath of abjuration, was it fair to advocate their retention for the purpose of using them as a religious test? If it was intended to exclude Jews, or any other persons from that house, from public employment, or from the enjoyment of civil -rights, that object should be effected by statutory enactment (hear, hear); for no British subject ought to be deprived of civil rights without the consent of the Crown, the House of Lords, and the House of Commons. (Hear, hear.) The consent of the three branches of the Legislature had not been given to the use of this oath as a religious test, and it was therefore most unjust to apply it in a manner which deprived a portion of Her Majesty's subjects of those civil rights to which theywere equally entitled with the rest of their fellow-citizens. Mr. Baron Alderson, in the course of his judgment, expressed his serious regret that lie was obliged, as a mere expounder of the law, to come to the conclusion that the words must be retained as an essential part of the oath. The learned baron said he did not believe that the case of the Jews was at all thought of by the Legislature when they framed this oath, and that he thought it would be more worthy of this country-if the Jews were to be exeluded from any privilege, as to which he -would say nothing-so to exclude them by some direct enactment, and not bythe casual operation of a clause which was apparently intended to apply to a very different class of persons. It was a singular circumstance that the words "on the true faith of a Christian," which were originally intended to apply to the Roman Catholic subjects of the British Crown, did not at present apply to those persons, for they were onitted from the oath now taken by members of the Roman Catholic Church. He could not for-et that he had seen gentlemen who had been chosen to represent free constituencies in Parliament, and who were le,gally qualified to sit in that house, excluded from the privilege, because they could not, without a violation of conscience, take the oath of abjuration. This fact of itself seemed to him a strong reason for abolishing that oath, but as he had shown, besides that the oath was unnecessary and obsolete, he thought it was perfectly monstrous to use it as an indirectmeans of deprivig individuals of those rights to which they were fairly entitled. (Eear, hear.) Re might remind the House that, in consequence of the existence of this oath, the city of London had, for about nine years, been unrepresented in that house to the full extent to which it was entitled to be represented. Re must say, however, that in proposing the present bill, he did not appear as the advocate of Baron Rothschild or of any other individual. He had ne4er had any communication with Baron Rothschild on the subject of the measure, and he brought forward the bill because, as an Englishman and a member of the British Parliament, he felt interested in the maintenance of a principle which in itself was of the hiighest value, without any reference to the personal claims of Baron Rothschild. He conceived that the principle of religious equality-the principle that men should not he excluded from civil office and employment on account of their religious opinions-was one which -was well worth maintaining for its owvn sake, independently of any peculiar injustice which its violation mig,ht inflict upon Baron Rothschild or upon the constituency of the city of London. As a Christian man he also deemed it most objectionable that he should be required to abjure persons who had no existence, (hear,hear), and to take a political oath which was altogether unsuited to the present tunes. (Hear, hear.) He Caimed relief for himself from this obnoxious necessity, and at the same time he would be no party to allowing the fag end of the oath of abjuration to be used for a purpose for which it was never intended,-namely, as a religious test to exclude his Jewish fellow-subjects from the enjoyment of ther cvil rights. He would not charge hon. gentlemen opposite who owposed this biUl with bigotry or fanaticism, but he gave them credit for pursuing a course which they believed to he conducive to the interests of the country. He remembered that the right lion, member for Bucldn yham shire (Mr. Disraeli), in his MIemoirs of the late lamented LoArd G. Bentinek, stated that that noble lord, when he voted for the removal of the Jewish disabilities, was actuated by as migh and as noble a sense of public dIu-ty a-s e'v-e-rg-ud-edh conduct of any public man. HEo (Mr. Gibson) was also quite ready to admit that hon. gentlemen opposite were not actuated by any selfish or intentionally unjust motives in opposing this measure, but he thought they -were mis- taken in point of judgment. He hoped he would receive some little support from gentlemen connected with the great Conservative party, because the most distinguished leaders of that party, at various periods of the history of this country, had, he believed, been advocates ofthe policy which he now urged the House to adopt. He doubted, whether if Lord Derby were now sitting in that house, he would go the length of opposing the second reading of this bill. He believed, indeed, that there was a time when Lord Derby went further than this bill proposed to do, and when he supported by his vote a measure the avowed object of which was to admit Jews to the possession of civil rights and to allow them to sit in Parliament. He had also seen it stated that two archbishops and nine bishops had voted for the abolition of the obnoxious religious test which was contained in the oath of abjuration. When, therefore, lie found that the Conservative party was divided in opinionon this subject, andwhen hefound members ofthat party whose desire to support existing institutions in church and State could not be questioned, deliberately givingtheir votes in favour of a measure similar in character to that which he now proposed, he thought he might venture to hope that the second reading of has bill would receive some considerable support on the opposite side of the house. He must also remind the Rouse that, in the minds of many persons, there was a strong religious sentiment on the subject of taking useless oaths (Riear.) He believed there were many Christians in that house who entertained serious objection to repeated solemn appeals to the Deity when such appeals were unnecessary. (Hear, hear.) He claimed for his bill the support of hon. gentlemen who entertained these views, andhe might be allowed to remind them of the opinion expressed by Jeremy Taylor with respect to unnecessary oaths. That eminent divine, observing "The reason of this advice relies upon the strictness of t4a pi-ecept against promissory oaths and the reverence we e'we to the rname of God," declared his opinion,- " That princes, and such as have power of decreeing.the injunction of promissory oaths, bo very curious and reserved, not lightly enjoining such promises neither in respect of the matter trivial, nor yet frequently, nor without great reason enforcing. And because Chrisuians are otherwise very much obliged to do all which is their duty, in matters both civil and religious, of obedience and piety, therefore it must be an instant necessity, and a great cause to superinduce such a confirmation as derives from the so sacredly invocatmng the name of God." Dr. Taylor also stated that oaths of allegiance mnight bDC imposed "in atroubledState or to a mntinous people," buttthat when this exceptional state of thins ceased to exist such oaths ought to be dispensed with. It certainly could not be held that this country presented the spectacle of a " troubled StaWeor of a "mutinousgople;" therewasnottheslightest disaffection towards the Cown or the reigning family; and the " instant necessity " and "great cause" referred to by Dr. Jeremy Taylor could not be urged as any justification for requiring fequent and solemn appeals to the Deity. He hoped, therefore, that those hon. gentlemen who concurred in this view of the question would assist him in relieving HIer Maesty's subjects from the necessity of taking what he regarded as an obsolete and unnecessary oath, and from an obnoxious religious test. He must protest against the retention of the concluding portion of the oath for the purpose of using it against their Jewish fellow-subjects ; for it was in direct opposition to the principles of the constitution to subject individuals to such disabilities as this oath imposed without the direct consent of the three branches of the Legislature. Lord Lyndhurst had, in another place, lad down this principle in clear and emphatic language. The noble and leaxned lord said, "No British.subject, no natural born subject of the Queen, ought to be deprived of the rights enjoyed by his fellow-subjects unless he has commnitted some crime, or unless he is excluded by some act of Parliament directed agaist him or the class to which he belongs. That is the true principle of the constitution ; and, such being the case, these persons can only rightly be excluded bythe concurrent voice of the two Houses of Parliament and with the assent of the Crown. If you exclude them by the casual operation of a clause which was never directed against them or against the class to which they belong, you unjustly deprive them of their birthright." (Cheers.) He thought that their policy upon this subject should be dsrect and straightforward. The Crow n and the majority of the two Houses of Parliament could, if they pleased, exclude the Jews by statute from the possession of civil privileges, and their power in that respect would not be in any measure lessened if the House assented to the second reading of this bilL It had been said, that by this rmeasure he was endeavouring to secure to Jews the posession of civil rights in a furtive and indirect manner, but he repudiated that accusation. The oath of abjuration was the only obstacle -which now excluded Jews from the foll enjoyment of civil rights, and could any course be more direct or straigthforward than a proposl to abolish that obstacle? (Hear, hear.) He thought the charge of obtaining their object indirectly was rather applicable to those who desired to retain an unnecessary oath, mot for its original object, but in order to exclude from civil rights a class of persons who had never been deprived of those zights by any direct enactment of the Legislature. (Hear, hear.) The right hon. gentleman concludedby moving that the bill be read a second time. Sir F. THESIGER, in rising to move as an amendment that the bill be read a second tine that day six months, said that, before he proceeded to address himself to the measure itself, he wished to inform the House that he had received a letter from the Solicitor-General stating that he would be unable to be present that morning, and he had reason to know that the Attorney-General was also in the same predicament. He had been requested to mention this circumstance in order that it might not be supposed that the absence of those hon. and learned gentlemen was intentional; and although, as, had they been present, they would probably have been opposed to him on this question, he could not so far regret their absence (a laugh), he had thought it only fair to them that it should be distinctly understood that their absence was iUIavoidable. (RIear, hear.) The right hon. member for Mait chester (Mr. Gibson) had, with a simplicity of tone and manner which was quite affecting, expressed a hope that the House would permit his bil to be read a second time, but he (Sir P. Thesiger) was not aware that anything which had passed between the right hon. gentleman and himself could have led him to entertain any sanguine expectation of such a result. He thought it would be quite inconsistent with his duty, and that of those who agreed with him in his view of this question, to allow the bill topass another stage. The right hon. gentleman asked the House to consent to the second reading of a bill founded upon a certain principle, and the question was, whether the House would sanction that principle by assenting to the second reading? The bill consisted of an assertion and an inference. The assertion -was that the descendants of the Pretender had failed; the inference was that the oath of abjuration ought to he abolished. The right hon. gentleman assumed, without the slightest attempt at proof, that conditional propositiosi upon which the whole of his argument depended-namely, thatif the descendants of the Pretender Lad failed, the oath of abjuration ought to be abrogated. The right hon. gentleman had adduced no proof as to one part of the proposition, and although moat hon. members might agree to the first part of hins proposition, that the descendants of the Pretender had failed, they might be of opinion that that failure would be no reason for abrogating the oath of abjuration. (Hear, hear.) The misapprehension which prevailed with regard to the oath of abjuration was most extraordinary He had conversed with many intelligent persons who seemed to entertain an opion that the oath of abjuration contained nothing more than a renunciation of the rights of the Pretender and his descendants (hear), and they had been very much surprised to find that, in addition to that renunciation, this was the only oath which contained a formal and solemn recognition of the Protestant succession to the Crown, as established by the Act of Settlement. (Hear, hear.) The right hon. gentleman had certainly done his best to continue a cloud over this oath, for he had made no allusion to the passage upon which he (Sir F. Thesiger) intended to rely. That passage was, " which succession, by an act entitled 'An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject,' is and stands limited to the Princess Sophia, Electoress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being Protestants." The right hon. gentleman might endeavour to connect the differentoaths, and contend that one was involved in the other, but he (Sir F. Thesiger) defied him to show that any one of the oaths, except the oath of abjuration, contained such a recognition of the Protestant succession. (Hear, hear.) The right hon. "entleman had stated that the right hon. member for Cambridge University, and other members of that and the other House of Parliament, had allowed that a portion of this oath had undoubtedly become obsolete, in consequence of the failure of the descendants of the Pretender, and he (Sir F. Thesiger) admitted that he entertained the same opinion and that he was most desirous of getting rid of that portion of the oath. He greatly regretted that when there was afailure of the descendants of the Pretender, the opportunity was not taken of abrogating that portion of tihe oath which then ceased to have any object to which it could attach. That, however, would not have answered the purpose of some hon. gentlemen, for so long as that portion of the oath was retained it afforded a plausible argument to those who desired to get rid altogether of the oath of abjuration, which was objectionable in their viewv, because it was the only oath which bore upon it the express stamp of Christianity. (Hear, hear.) The right hon. muember for Manchester probably expected, on this question, the support of three classes of persons-first, of those who objected altogether to promissory oaths, and who were ready to accept this bill as what they considered a step in the right direction; secondly, of Roman Catholics, who were, of course, desirous of getting rid of an oath whieh contained a recognition of the Protestant succession; and thirdly, of the advocates of what was caUed civil and religions liberty, who entertained the strongest objection to the oath of abjuration, because it was the only oath which prevented Jews from sitting in Parliament. He (Sir F. Thesiger) could not, of course, expect the slightest favour from the Roman Catholics, who wvould naturally and fairly give their support to any measure which might be in the slightest degree prejudicial to the Protestant succession. (fear, hear.) He might, however, venture to say to those hon. gentlemen who were desirous of abolishing oaths altogether, that that was not the proposal of the right hon. member for Manchester, for the right hon. gentleman proposed to retain the oaths of allegiance and supremacy. (Hear, hear.) Ho (Sir F. Thesiger) regarded those oaths as a solemn declaration and recognition of the faith and allegiance of the persons by whom they were taken, and he confessed that he would be extremely sorry if the time shouId ever ariTve when members of that House entered upon the high duties of their position without such a solemnity. It might be perfectly true that there wes a w ant of impressiveness in the manner in which the ceremony was performed, butif the oaths were lightly regarded, the fault mnust rest waith on. members bhemseives. The right hon. member for Manchester had taken great pains to satisfy the House that he had no other object in view than to get rid of the obsolete portion of the oath of abjuration to which he had directed attention. The right hon. gentleman had informed them that he had had no communication. with Baron Rothschild on the subject of this bill. No one had accused him of having had such communication - but, after the statement the right hon. gentleman had thought proper to make, he (Sir F.Thesiger1 would ask,him whether he had not been in close and earnest conference on the subject of this bill with a gentleman of the Jewish persLuasion, an honourable and distinguished man, who now held high office in the city of London (hear, hear), and whether it was with the view of getting rid of the obsolete part of the oath relating to the Pretender, or with the object of abolishing what the right hon. gentleman had called the fag-end of the oath, the words, " on the true faith of a Christian," that those conferences had taken place? ("Rear," and a laugh.) He (Sir F. Thesiger) had never accused the right hon. member for Manchester of endeavouring to attain his object in an indirect manner. Indeed, hb thought nothing could be more obvious and palpable than the intention of the right hon. gentleman. lf the object of the right hon. gentleman had been merely to get rid of the obsoleta ;ortion of this oath, he knew perfectly well that the simple course would have been to introduce a bill for the amendment of the oath; but the right. hon. gentleman would never have resorted to the course of proposing the absolute abolition of the oath, unless his intention had been to get rid of the only baffler which now prevented the intrusion into that house of persons who were not Christians. The right hon. gentleman avowed that that was his object, and to attain it hd was adopting a course and putting intoaction a machinery that would affect other barriers of the constitution, and weak-en the security ofthe Protestant succession. (Hear, bear.) Variouls attempts had been made at different times to itroduce the Jews into Parliament, and the leader of all those movements was the noble lord the member for the city of London. Whether the noble lord had dropped his mantle upon the shoulders of the right hon. gentleman the raember for Mp;hobestr, or whether the right on. gentleman had stoleA it while the noble lord was asleep, it was impossib2, to say (a laugh); but there could be no doubt that it v es much more becoming to the noble lord while he -'ore it, although it was a little threadbare. (Laughter.) -The noble lord, when he proposed the introduction , thte Jew, upon every occasion except one, proceeOa in 3 straightforward and manly way to his obje:t. lie amowed his intention to admit the Jew; there was, no tquestion as to his aim and end, and his oppor.nts knew wlhat they had to contend against. In 1853 he introduced one of his bils expressly for the admission of the Jew; but, so far from proposing to repeal the oath of abjuration, he retained it, and merely struck out !thelastwords, "onthetruefaithofaChristian" Unhap- pily, in 1854 the noble lord departed from the course he had previously pursued, and endeavoulred to introduce an oath of comprehension to be taken by every member of the House of Commons. That oath necessarily, imasmuch as Roman Catholics would be required to takleit, infringed upon the supremacy of the Crown, and consequently the ouse rejected the bill of the noble lord, though by a very small majority. Butinthat oath,whichwasto besubstituted for the oaths of allegiance, sUremacy, and abjuration, and the oath passed by the 10th of Crge IV., the noble lord did not propose to a rogate that portion of the oath of abjuration which maintained the Protestant succession. The words of the oath were-:- "I, A X, do swear that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, and will defend her to the utmost of my power against all conspiracies and attempts whEatever which shall be made against her person, Crown, or dignity; and I wiill do my ntmost endeavour to disclose and make known to Her llajesty, her heirs and successos all treasons and traitorous copiracies which maybe formed apainst her, or them; andldofaithfuly promise to maintan, support, and defend, to the utmos of my power, the succession of the Crown, which succession, by an act entitled 'An Act for thefuther imitationof the Crown and better securing the Rights and Liberties of of the Subject,' is and stands imited to the Princess Sophia, Electress of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, bemg Protestants, hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any obedienee or allegiance unto any other person claiming or pretending a right to the Crown of this realm; and I do dectare that no foreign prince, prelate, person, State, or potentate hath, or ought to have, any temporal or civil jursdiction, power, superiority, or pre-eiminence, directly or indirectly, within ths realm. So help me God." So that in 1854 the oath, carefully and deliberately framed by the noble lord, not only contained that portion of the oath of abjuration which related to the Protestant succession, but included, if possible, something more stringent and strong as a declaration with respect to the succession of the Crown. (Hear, hear.) The riaht hon. gentleman had referred to the authority of Lord Lyndhurst, representing that noble and learned person as expressing the opinion that the oath of abjuration was entirely unnecessary, because it was included in the oaths of allegiance and supremacy. Mr. GIBSON remarked that what he said was, that Lord Lyndhurst had expressed his opinion. that no oath was necessary in regard to the succession; but that, if it were made a material objection to the repeal of the oath of abjuration no declaration would exist with respect to the succession, provision might be made for that matter by adding certain words to the oath of allegiance or in such other way as the wisdom of Parliament might devise. SirF. THESIGER was obliged,withthe greatest deference to the right hon. gentleman, to question the accuracy of his recollection, because he had beore him the words which Lord Lyndhurst did use in 1853 upon this very point. The noble and learned lord said:- "There isin addition to that which I have stated an extension, I may call it, ef the oatl of allegiance, and I refer to it in order to show how unnecessary it is, because I propose to strike out every part of the oath except that which relates to the succession of the Crown as fixed by the Act of Settlement. This is sufficient, and this Ipreserve because I conceive that no greater calamity could befall this country than that the Crown of this country should be placed on the head of a Roman Catholic." (Cheers.) It thus appeared that in 1853 both those great statesmen-the noble lord the member for the city of London and Lord Lyndhbrst-proposed to retain, after deliberate consideration of the whole subject, that portion of the oath of abjuration which maintained the Protestant succession. As, then, the noble lord opposite was a firni supporter of the Protestant succession, he was bound to oppose a measure which proposed to do what he himself, in 1853, thonrght was improper and fraught with danger to the succession of the Crown. (Ilear, hear.) Let it not be supposed that the dange. was distant or chinerical, and that there was no necessity for exercising the greatest cauition. (Hear, hear.) He warned the House against tampering with an oath which had for its object the recognition of the Protestant succession. (HIear, hear.) ltad no circumstances occurred of recent date to show the absolute necessity of caution being exercised ? A remarL-able circumstance had occurred so recently as since the accession of Her Gracious Majesty to the throne. In 1841 Arch. bishop Cu31en, legate of the Pope in Ireland, published a selection of a portion of the Papal bulls for the immediate use of the Council of Propaganda, and his object was explainedFin a dedicatory letter to Cardinal ranzoni. He said that he published the selection in order that- "All things inay be in readiness which may appertain to a right and expeditious mana"ement of affairs." And at the close of the letter he said:- " This edition has all those Apostolic letters which have been promulgated since the first edition to our times, and either the necessity and opportunity of consulting which may easily occur in the course of mnanaging things by the sacred comncil." In that publication two letters were introduced from the Pope Clement XIII. to the Pretender, the first written in the last year of the reign of George II. and the second in the first year of George IIL The first-written in 1759was addressed to- "Our mostdear Son inClirist,James, the illustriousKing of Great Britain." And in it the Pope informed the Pretender- " That he had appointed Daniel Kerney to the see of Limerick on Hlis Majesty's nomination; that, for reasons which his own prudence would suggest, he had not mentioned His Majesty's name in the letters of appointment, but that he addressed this letter to him as a upledgethat this omission of his namne in these letters should not injure or derogate from his right of nomination, which should remain uninjured." The second-written in 1760-was in similar terms, and referred to the bishopric of Killala. It might be said that those letters were written by the Pope a great number of years ago (hear, hear), and that, therefore. no danger was to be apprehended from them. {Hear, hear.) Lethim pointoutsomethingverysignificant in the publication of Archbishop Cullen in 1S4L Between the dates of thetwo letters there were CG papalhulls, from which Archbishop Cullen had selected eight only for publication; and among those eight were two letters con: tainiDg a denial of the title of the House of Hanover. (Hear, hear.) Moreover,'the object stated by the archbishop himself for the publication was, that it might be ready for inmediate reference and use, and that an opportunity for consulting itimight always beat hand. (Hlear, hear.) The archbishop had thus brought down the date of the letters to a very recent period, and those hon. gentlemen who had cheered the fact that the letters were written in 1759 and 1760 ought to explain, if they could, how they proposedthe oath of abjuration being swept away-to take security against the clauns of Roman Catholics tothe throne. (Hear.) The idea of danger to the Protestant succession was not so chimerical as had been supposed, and the House ought to recollect that the claim of Her Majesty to the throne rested upon the Protestant faith of her ancestors, and not upon their hereditary rights and that if the Act of Setj4ement were abolished to-morrow a foreign Ronman Catholic prince -a descendant of Charles L-would, in the opinion of the RomanCatholic authorities, be de jzereiing of these realms. (Hear, hear.) It would be extremely unwise, by tampering with oaths of such importance, to stir these delicate constitutional questiolls. (Hear, hear.) Therighthon gentleman had disclaimed any intention of interfering with the Roman Catholic oath, which, as the House was aware, was establshed after careful consideration as one of the securities that ought to be required from Roman Catholics at the passing of the Emancipation Act. Under it Roman Catholics were required to promise to " Maintain, support, and defend to the utmost of my power the succession of the Crowvn, which succession, by an act entitled ' An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject,' is and stands limited to the Princess Sophia, Electress of Hanover, and the heirs of her hody, beig Protestants, hereby utterly renouncing and abjunng any obedience or allegiance unto any other person claiming or pretendinga right to the Crown of this realm." Enpposing Protestants were exempted from the necessity of taking an oath of that kind, swearing to maintain the succession, with what reason could it be exacted from Roman Catholics9 Would not the bill now before the House necessailyform thepretextofanalteration of the Roman Catholic oath 9(Hiear, hear.) The question at issue involved far more than what might have beesi supposed from the plausible statement of the right hon. gentleman, who might well have led the Hlouse to believe that he proposed to deal with nothing except what had become entirelyobsolete; for, while he put the unimportant pat of the oath in italics, he spoke of the important passages in a parenthesis, or omitted them altogether. (" Hear, bear," and a lau) Was the Hlouse prepared, upon the arguments of the right hon. gentleman, to express an opinion in favour of the pmn. ciple of a bill which was intended to abolish an oath that furmished the only security for the Protestant succession, which succession was not so wholly free from danger as some might,hitherto have imagined? (Hear, hear.) The right hon. gentlerman admitted that he had an ulterior object in view -to get rid of the objectionable words " on the true faith of a Christian ;" and upon that branch of the subject there were those who felt most deeply, and who believed that here the right hon. gentleman was making an attack upon the Christian character of the Legilature. (Cheers.) It had been stated by the right hon. gentleman, uot for the first time, that it was only by a mere accidentby the insertion, unintentionally with regard to the Jews, Of certan words nto an act of Parliament- the Jew had been excluded from a seat in the Legislature; and it had also been maintained that therewas a period-viz., that which passed between the 1st of William and 31ary and the 13th of William Im-in which, there -being no oath that contained the words "on the true faith of a Christian," the Jew might have been entitled to assert his right to sit in Parhiament. Both those views were entirely mistaken. (Hear, hear.) That the Jews at any period of the reign of iViiam Im., or even later, could claim a right to sit in the Legislature would be asserted only by those who vere ignosunt of all the circumstances connected with that extraordinary people. (Hear, hear.) The Jews were banished from. England in the reign of Edward Il, and did not return in any numbers until the reign of CharlesIL In the third yeare olthat reign, 1663, by the records of the peoole, it appea ed that there were not more than 12 Jews in Eng-lnd.. He remembered asserting that fact on a fo occasion, when he was severely tak-en to task by the Secretazy to the Admiralty, who, with that courtesy which invariabiy cnaracterized his remarks to opponents (a laugh), accused him of very gross ignorance, and asked whether he .was not aware that in the time of the Protectorate the Jews offeed to purchase the cathedral of St. Paul fora synagogtt(a laugh)-from which the hon. 'and gallant gentleman drew'w the logical conclusion that, because they sought St. Paufls s a synagogue, therefore the Jews were numerous enough te fill it. (Laughter.)WIatever the hor. and gallant gentleworn roight syof h,tS i-gnorance, ho had read in a ctrious w X n an etrhaordintry incident ie the history of the Jews. They were extremely a&uxiow to be allowed to return to this cout sent X learned doctor-ldansseh Ben Israel-to the Protector Xn request that he would permit the retablishment of the Jews here, offeinug him the large sm of 5W0,0001., profvdedE that he would give them St. Paul's asa synagogue and thu Bodelean as aplace of traffic. (Hear, hear.) At tha time that Dr. 3anasseh came t4oEnglandnupon thisr missica there wer certain Jewsi-nAsia who sentover a rabbi aol several of their nation to inquire whether Crorwell wasaol the expected Ifessiab The mission of Dr. hianasee enx tirely failed, because it vas not thought desirable that thli Jewls should assemuble in St. PimI's; but the banished race floclied back in considerable numbersduringTherein of Charles IL, a period when the author of Angiie .ThJciccs slyly observed they mnight be exected to bend their stepg towards England. (Alaugh.) But when they retrned here they were treated as aliens; the alien duty was impses upon them; and, in the reign of James IL, a porf tion of the duty. having been taken off-viz., t Iai which related to the export of commodities-upon a petition and remonstrance from the merchants to Willianz in 1690, the whole of the duty was reimposed. 'WhenA' therefore, it vas said that between the 1st of William anld l3fary and the 13th of Wlliam fII the Jew might have sat in the Legislature by reason of there hein no words in the act ofEParliament such as "on the true faithof aChristisn, he replied, first, that there was nothing in the estimation iv which the Jews were held at that time whiech wo0ld induce one to suppose that they would have been allowed to enter the Legislature; and, secondly, that being aliens, under an act passed at the period of the Reiolution, they wereRp hibited hbvlaw from taking seats in Parliament. ( ear,t hear.) were he might be penritted to quote some forcibl% expressions from an admirable charge of A rchdeacon Ra* in which he said:- "It happens continually that those very principles whicEh are the most powerful, the most pervading, which permneate all our feelings and opinions, and are wound up with our whole being, do not receive a distinct enunciation; becausn3 so long as we do not meet -with anything to contradict or: oppose them, we quietly take them for granted, and have ao motive for uttering them in definite propositions. In the *very act of enunciating a truth we tiansform it from a living power into an outward object of thought. We donot; makze laws against that which we do not conceive as a pose sibility." (Hear, hear.) But it was said that the words "upoal the true faith of a Christian" were directed against equivocating Roman Catholics, being supposedtohaveai influence over their minds which they were afterwards notl found to possess. He admitted that when the words were introduced in the 3d of James L the Jews were not in contemplation; but to say that it was by an accident that the Jewvs were included seemed to him to be an unfair and unreasonable mode of viewing the queshton. '(Hear, hear.] It had teen stated that -when the oath of abjumation was established the legislators of that day, finding the words " onl the trne faith of a Christian" in the oath of allegiance, transferred them to the new oath without any reference fX persons who were not Christians, and that the words re. mained there,'not as indicating the intention of the Legis. lature that our senators should be Christians, but simly because, from an accidental circumstance, they had been servilely copied from the oath of allegiauce in the 3d of James L He entertained a totally different opinion. (Hlear.) He believed that those great men who framed the Act of Settlement, when they found it necessary to introduclw a new oath applicable to existing circmnstances, prepared it; with the view, first, of having a clear acknowledgment of the undoubted right of succession to the Crown in certain named persons, being Protestants, and, secondly, of bida ing up with that a solemn profession of Christianity as the groundworkof the constitution. (Cheers.) Since thattime to the present it had always been recognized as the wish ana intention of the Legislature that the assembly which he now addressed should be Christian (hear), and it was the opinion of many of them that the national religion depended upon their upholding the Christian character of the H3ouse of Commons. (Hear, hear.) There were some members who thought that Parliament had nothing to do with religion-a most remarkable o inion to be entertained. In the very weekly prayer which they ttered, he hoped, with a proper feeling in their minds, they prayed to God not only that peace andihappiness, trath and justice, but that religion ant piety might be preservedthroughout all generations by their consultations; and if they had nothing to do with religiont -nothing to do with promoting the piety of the nationthat prayer was a mere mocer. (ear, hear.) But he would not argae with those gentlemen who thought that; religion was beyond the province of Parliament. The ques. tion lay much deeper; it reached to the motives and prin. ciples upon which they should proceed in the legislatior intrusted to them, and he agreed with the pithy and strike ing observation that the sphere of the Christian religiont was everything and everywhere. (Hear, hear.) He was particularly struck with a quotation made by the noble lord% the member for the city of London in his admirable speech on the subject of education a few weeks ago. The noble lord on that occasion auoted a passage from the works of Dr. Arnold, which, although undoubtedly applicable to the subject then in hand, was not less so to the question not before the House. After speaking of Dr. Arnold as s person of the highest possible character-one of the most enlightened men that England ever produced, the noble lord read the following passage from his works:- "On the whole I am quite clear as to my original position-viz., that if you once get off from the purely neutral ground of physical science, geology, and pure logie -the moment, in short, on which you enter on any moral subject, whether moral philosophy or history, you must either be Christian or anti-Christian, for you touch uport the ground of Christianity, and you must either take it a. your standard of moral judgment or you must renounce it, and either follow another standard or have no standard at; all. In other words, the moment you touch on what aloneis education-the forming of the moral principles and habits of man-neutrality is impossible. It-would be very possible if Christianity consisted in a set of theoretical truths, as many seem to fancy; but it is not possible, inasmuch as it claims to be the paramount arbiter of all our moral judgments; and he who judges between good and evil, right and wrongs without reference to its authority, virtuallvydenies it." (Cheers,) As a Legislature, they were caled upon to forza an opinion between right and 'wron", good and evil; and how, with the passage from Dr. Arnold, which by quotina he had adopted and made his own, the noble lord conkl maintain that any person was qualified to be a legislator irn a Christian country who had not the Christian failth he was. at a loss to understand. (Hear, hear.) He would now address a single observation to those hon. members who might be disposed to adopt the views of the sight hon. gentleman with respect to .civil and religious liberty. He had not the least doubt that there were many most sin. cere and zealous persons who thought that they would beadvancing the good cause by removing from the oath the words "on thetrue faith of aChristian," and permittingpersonswhowere not Christians to enterthat house. HewouldE venture to suggest, for the consideration of such persons, that the Protestantism which we professed was not a form of religion as opposed to that of the Roman Catholics. We protested against the errors of the church of Rome. That. was our distinctive character; but ingenious and subtle adversaries had very little difficulty in persuading the unstable and unwise that there was nothing positive in our religion, and that it consisted merely of a negation. He was very much afraid that many had been turned from our fold to Boman Catholicism iu consequence of a suggestion of that description. (Hear.) That negation which was spokent of might very easily be turned by quick-sighted adversaries into thie notion of a system of faith which wams founded or. mnbelief. He asked the House, then, to consider what would be our position if there were removed from the oath the words, "on the truefaith of a Christian," and whether it would not be likely to interfere materially and pre'udicially with the faith of our weaker brethren. (Hear.) 'What a weapon such a course would place in the hands of' the Roman Catholics! They would say, "We told yos there was no belief in the principles of the Christian religion in Protestants; and here is the proof of it; they had an oath embodying the words, ' on the true faith of a Christian,' which was to be taken as a condition of admis. sion to their Legislature, and the whole united Legislature has deliberately determinedto remove from the oath those important words, and they have showvn by that act that they have not the true faith of a Christian." (Hear, hear.) He was uost anxious to know what course the Gov;ebament. intendedtota,ikeuponthisoccasion, and lae assured them that their views were most eagerly anticipated by the whole country. (Cheers from the Opposition.) He could not imagine that the Government were so lost to a sense of their' duty as to weaken the smallest of the securities whica existed with relation to the Protestant succession of the Crown -but, whatever might be the course which they might adopt, h,e should be auite satisfied with having done aU in his tower to oppose a measure which he conscientiously elieved had an indirect tendency to unprotestantize the constitntion, and a direct tendency to unchristianize the Legislature of this country; and he should be contented with having thus performed what he believed to be his duty to his country and his God. (Cheers.) He begged to move that the bill be read a second time that day six months. The LORI)-ADVOCATB had no intention in the few' observations which he should make of going into any his. torical details of the question, but he should endeavour shortly to take up the point which had been spoken to by the hon. and learned gentleman who had just sat down. Though he tookanentirelydifferent view of the merits of this bil froma that entertained by the hon. and learned gentleman, he was not in the least prepared to concede to him a monopoly of zeal either for the Protestant succession or for the Christianity of that Rouse and the country. The real question which arose, however, involved neither of those propositions. The arguments-of the hon. and learned gentleman were-Ist, that if they abrogated the oath of abju. ration they necessarily weakened the security of the Protestant succession to the Crown, because part of that oath related to the Protestant succession; and, secondly, that if that oath were abrogated, inasmuch as the vords " on the true faith of a Christian" excluded JeWs from Parliament, they should be injuring anddestroying the Christian character of that assembly. He (the Lord-Advo. cate) thought that both those matters were entirely besida the real question. Herewasan oathwhichvwas framedfor a'parti-cular object-tat of securing the succession to the Crownasfixedbythe Actof Settlement, and of excluding otherswho might otherwise have pretended to it. That was the object for which the oath was intended, and nothing else. (ear.) 'Ho ad always supposed that that objecthad been fully and permanently accomphashed; and his own feeling, therefore, was, that it was almost a dis2grace to the sttute-book that FO unmeaning and absurd a collection o2 -words should stil be taken and sworn to inso solemna mnanner as they usually were. (Hear, hear.) The hon. and 'learned gentleman told them, indeed, inthemost mysterious and alarming manner, that though the Protestant succession haa been fixed so long there were dangers abroad, of which he (the Lord-Advocate) was sure no one had ever dreamt rntil this day. They were told that there was, somewhere or other, a pretender to the throne of England, who, if this oath were abolished. would be likely to turn up some day, and that, if he did, he would very probably meet with a great dealof support. ("IHear, hear,' and a laugh.) He (the Lord-Advocate) believed, on the contrary, that the Protestant succession nevet was so firm in this country as at this moment-not merely because the race of the Pretender s extinct, but because that succession was founded in the afiections and convictions of thepeople. (Hear, hear.) He often heard people talk as if Protestantism were in great * danger. He was not going into any polemical discussion, but, so far as ho could judge from the prevalent feeliny of the country. ne was convinced that the Protestant taith never resk 1 on so largo an amount of opinion as at this time; r;d that at no period would any attempt to injure the sf>bIe Protestant foundations of tLe country have been niozo streniuously resisted. (Hear, hear.) But in this. as ix other matters, he reaUy set little store by oaths; for they 'were at bhst but very ilimsy safeguards. The very men -whom it v.as wished to exclude either crept through them cr roke them; and the only effect of them generally was to exclude the conscientious and the upright. The lion. and learned gentleman, however, made the siegular aosmption that, because it wvas now pro- os-ed to abolish the oath of abjuration, therefore there was not to be enacted any oath in regard to the Protestant succession. His ri"ht hon. friend Aso had introduced the bill had distinctiy explained that if it were thought necessary to retain that part of the oath wihich related to the Protestant succession, he should be perfectly ready to do that which Lord Lyndhurst also had been perfectly ready to do-namely, to abolish the oath as it stood, andto add that part of it which related to the Protestant succession to oce of the other oaths. There could be no -difficulty aboutthLt, and in making a difficulty of it tho hon. and learned gentleman was only leading the House and the country away from the real question at issue. (Hear, hear.) He thought, then, that the first part of the argu=nent of the hon. and learned gentleman w as altogether beside the question. He would next inguire what was the value of the second part The hon. an learned entleman said, "You must not abrogate the oath of abjuration, although what you abjure doEs not exist; you are to continue to swvear at that table an oath -which for the most part has no meaning at all-for this notable purpose, that at the end you may say that you abjure that which has no existence 'on the true faith faith of a Christian."' (A laugh). He (the Lord-Advocate) should be sorry indeed to think that the Cbristian character of the House and of the country depended upon what he really mnust term such a subterfuge as this. The hon. and learned -entleman ssaid that thosewords were introduced into the catl for the purpose of founding the Christian -charaer of that House. He (the Lord-Advocate) contended mot only that such an assumption y1-as not historically correct, hut that a,ny impartially minded m.an upon readinlgthe -oath must come to a directly [contrary conclusion. The words had not been introduced to prevent any man who was not a Christian from taking the oath, but in order to give the strongest sanction at that time to the thing which people were abjuring. There were, when the oath was instituted, persons vwho were ready to sweear that the King was theEiDg d=facto althoughIi not le jure, and the oath was imposed i order to remove all equivocation in the matter, and to operate as a test whether persons wvere favourable or other-wise to the Act of Settlement. (Hear, hear.) Independently, how ever,of all ouestions of an historical character, he asked, was it belitting the character of that House that they should do by a side wind that wvhich, if it were to be done zt all, should be done openly and directly ? If they were not prepared to enact a law by which Jev.s should be excluded from that house, wvas it creditable to exclude 'hem by retaining certain words at the fag end of an oath which had nothingv whatever to do with the matter? This brought him to consider what the consequences would be, if by abrogating this oath Jews should be permitted to sit inParliament. The hon, and learned gentleman said that it was desirable to exclude Jews, because if they did not a great rgument would be given to Roman Catholics, who would say, " Yonr Protestantism is merely negative and not positive, because you have struck out from your oath of abjuration the words 'on the true faith of a Christian."' This -gument, be it observed, was put into the mouths of the Roman Catholics, who were supposed to taunt us with the want of a positive religion because we did not retain those words in our oath- when in their own ooath no such words ccurred. (Hear, hear.) Every one mnst feel, then, that observations of this nature did not touch the real merits of the question; but, if he were obliged to meet that part of the hon. and learned gentleman's argument which related to the Protestant and Christian character of that House, he had no fear to meet 1iim upon that ground. He was far from saying that the Le"islature had nothing to do with the religion of the people. lie held a very different doctrine indeed; but did it followv from that that they were to exclude from sitting in that assembly thosewho belonged to our social community, who enjoyed the same rights, had the same interests, contributed to the same re-venue as ourselves, and to whom we looked for the same civil service to the State? W,hen they were dealing with a matter of civil government they must consider whom they were to govern; because this was a Protestant country and -a Protestant constitution, was it therefore to be said that no one but a Protestant wvasto take any share in the govermment of the country? W'hy, they had denied that principle long ago. According to the hon. and learned gentleman, it would have been the duty of the State, even if the nm2ber of Roman Catholics had exceeded that of Protestants, to exclude the Boman Catholics from all share in the government, because it would have been an infringement of the principles of Protestantism to admit themtotake r,artinthelegislative assembly. With regard to Roman Catholics as to Jews and to all other persuasions, he (the Lord-Advocate) contended that the Christian character of the State and of the Legislature depended upon the Christian character of those wh2o sent them there, andwhoni they had to govern; and that it wasimpossible to say, while the character of the legilative assembly took its colour from the opinions of those who elected it, that any portion of the communit wvas to be excluded from the enjoyment of civil rights. 'Lnder the existing state of things the law was no$st inconsistent, because, clearly, if Jews were to be excluded from that house they should also be excluded from *every place of office, power, or emolument. On what principle could they give to Jews the right to vote for members o Parlament, and yet refuse to them the right to sit in Parliament? The w hole thing was utterly inconsistent. It appeared to him that the question lay in the smallest possible compass, and that it was of the simplest and most elementary nature. The moment that the Catholic Relief Bill passed the principle of excluding all persons but Protestants was abandoned, and from that time it became evident that it would bel necessary speedily to sweep waway all those barrierswvhichwere founded upon a difference -of religious opinion-barriers which woule never promote the cause of truth, but must only lead to heartburnings and jealousies without end. (Hear, hear.) Mlr. XAPIER, believed that, if the bill passed, its direct -snd immediate tendency would be to make the propriety of the Protestant succession and the truth of the Christian faith open questions. The effect of the oath was to close those questions, and if the bill would open either of them, that would be a sufiicient reason with him for opposing its second reading. The views which had been put forwurd by the Lord-Advocate with reference to the oath of abjuration -would apply as well to the oatls of allegiance and to the oath -of supremaly, for it might be said with perfect truth that never did the allegiance to the Sovereign rest upon such .sure, broad, and deep grounds as at this moment. (Hear.) He (Mr. Napier) re"arded these oaths as imperishable and conclusiverecordsof tiosegreat fundamientalprincipleswhich ought never to be called in question in that house; and, although It was true that the Roman Catholics did not refer to the "true faith of a Christian" in the oath which they took, the reason was obvious-it was, that on entering that house they were obliged to profess themselves as Roman Catholics; and in this Christian- country the State recognized the term " Christian" in all its broad comprehensive. ness. The Lord-Advocate said, "Having admitted Roman Catholics where can you stop?" He (Mr. Napier) would stop short at the limit of Christianity, admittinig the term in all its fulness; but, because this was a Christian State, -was he to push his liberality beyond the margin of the Christian religion itself? (Hear, hear.) He held in his hand the bill which had been introduced by the noble lord the member for London, in 1849, and he found that in that -bill the noble lord retained the whole of the oath relating to the succession, and concluded it with the words-" I make thisrecognition, declaration, and promise, heartily,willingly and truly, on the true faith of a Christian;' and then there was apTpended a separate clause applicable to the admission of Jews, and of Jews alone. 'fhb next bill wlhich avas introduced was that of Lord Lyndhurst in 1853, and -that bill also contained similar words. The next bill wasanother proposed by the noble lord the member for London, which introduced what he (Mr. Napier) called the " coalition oath '' and he thoutmht that in the meantime some one bebind the scenes haa got hold of the noble lord and had rather put him into a trap with regard to that bill, because it differed materially fronx the measure of 1549. In 1849 the right hon, member for the University of Oxford said, vithreference to the retention of the words "on the true faith of a Christian," that lie rank-lv os-ned that he was glad the noble lord had retained -these words in respectD to all (jhristian mernbers of thieHouse, -considering the soleum duties which theywere called upon to perforn. The right hon. gentleman added that he thought the noble lord hadacted wvisely in decliningtozeduce that igh standard which they had fixed for themselves. He was satisfied that, among the Roman Catholic laity generally, there existed a sincere desire to sustain the p resent succession tothe throne, but there was a party upon wvhom he looked with the greatest apprehension, because he believed that they wvere anxious to get rid of that succession. Abook lba been publLihedby Archdeacon Wilberforce, aswe understood, in which it was stated that the principle of the supremacy of the Crown embodied the national sin of this country. Would the House consent to abolish this safeguard? He was perfectly willing to admit that oaths were not the only safeguard; but oaths had always been used, and properly used,a a security, and the argument which had abeen used, that they were no real security because unconsientious persons wrould take thens without thinking of their purport, applied with equal force to administering oaths to witnesses in a court oflaw ; andit must be evident to all that no person who had taken an oath as a Christian could openly in that house advocate anything contrary to theprinciples of Christianity. He thought that the noble lord the member for Londonand the House would 'e of opinion that the question of a Protestant succession ought not to be left an open question, and he would wvarn the House that it was a most serious thing tampering with these oaths, and that it was a very different thing to enact that oaths which had not hitherto been required should be taken, and to remove those wvhich had always been re- qucdi The object of the measure -was to procure the admission of Je6rs to Parliament, and why *was that subject sot brought boldly forward, and the opinion of the 1esGe taken upon it? The question of the adniission of Jews to Parliament was one which he had considered and reconsidered over and over again with the greatest ains ar d anxiety, and he w-as bound to say that he still nint.i-ed the same opinion which he had always expressed upon that subject, which was, that he did not think that it was ct;-itcnat with the principles of the constitution tQ
PARIMENTABY NOTICER HOUSE OF COMMONS. THM^SDAY. APiTm 10- ORDlES OV TIR nAV E;dueation,-Comnijttee therenan.m BRa&1waE and Carn l Traffic BiIl,-Secrnd readi omen's B eversionw Interest B ilJoin; Stock Banl:s Bill.-Second reading.~ Mbedicaa Profeselon Bill,-Adjonrned debate tberenpon WVays and Meanus,-Iteport. a;olTIoKq OF WiTrfl're Ar. Bwart,-TO ask whether it may be peacticable to endeavour to make arraugements withthe Russian Government for the removal of vexatious restrictions imposed upon British traders in Russia; more particularly the regulations of the Guids as to thebuying and re-selling of imports and exports. VLscount Palmerston,-That upon Thusaday, ths 29th day of May next, and on every succeeding Turaday during the present session Government orders oftho day saU have precedence. 3Mr. Bowyer,-Slect committee to inquire into the claims of Mrr. Edwards, as representative of Mr. Sturgeon, on the rrench fund for compensabing Bs-itish enbiects. Nr. Brady,-Iu commnittee of the Twhole BHeuse, to movo for leave to br gina blnito amend the laws relating to -he sale of wine, spirits, beer, and cider by retail in Ireland. The Chancelor of the Exchequer,-That the Select Committee on L,ocal Charges upon Shipping do consistof 17 members, and that Mr. Vance and Mtr. Kcirk be added to the commitee. Mr. Vance,-that Mr. Bearish be addedto the Committee otn oea1 Charges upon Shippin6g 3fr. Brady,-That Mr. Maguire be added to the Commiitee oc Local Charges upon Shipping. MIr. W. Lindsay.-Retmrn of ships epged as regular taspots with thenames lstating whether steam ec sailing)), from the1st ofJanuary, lS55, to the 1st of April, 185&6;the date of engagement, with a list of the ships in the ssrvice at the latier date, their register too-. nage, rates of freights, and mulets or de4uctions from the same, and why made; in steam-ships, the horse power, the time occupied in their assag, and,vvhere inforluation ha& men received, the quantity of coals or fuel consumed per hour. Mfr. I. }iing,-Addreas for return of vie number of coumissious of inquiry ap1moited since the year 1830. hfr.L. ing.-Retrnm ii detail of th items of expendihmx in the Civil Contingeneles in 1855. Mfr. Hapier,-Bii to amend the l2a.ws re]atmg to the election of Poorlaw Guardians inIreland. Colonel Boldero,-In addition to.theereturns sanctioneLon the 14th day of ilarch last, respecting morttar and guns, to move as fo'luws- 1. The names of the different contacters of the said ornance ; T The calibre of the ordnance supplied;; f The proof-charge-of each cescription of gun, howitzer, and mortar, 4. The number of rouad; fred from eneL Sir G. B. Pechcll.-Return of e cisparish and towasbip in England and Wales in which the poor are miaaged tender theevroislo of the act 22 George IIL, chap. 83, commonly caUed Gilbar-' Act. M1r. Cobden,-On motion that the Speaker do leave the cbair to go into committee on Lord JomUnsaeU's resolutions en ed&ation, to move, That, in the opinion of this House, the ereetoes and maintenance of schools for tea2ibg-the various formss.t doctiil religion. to be supported wholly or-iE Dart outVo lo aet rates. will not bS. deemed a just or satisfator sAcsn of educatiebythe people of thii countrv. MrHenley,-As an amendhn2et to Mfr. Co roosed amed-. ment, line 3. after "fcm;" insert "secular," and, i ter- tcachLgX insert " or for teaching." In Committee on Education:- Mr. Henley.-Toraovsa thak the cbairma.tds'now-leavo the cLDWr. Lord John RusselD,-ToqzMopose resolutiqns- That, iri the opinimof tola House, it is exPedient to exteniJ revise, and consolidate tie, tires of the Ccafnittee of Privy Cianril on Edlucation; Tbat it is expeDinttoadd to the pres3 stfitors of chbd: schoo's 8Osub-inspectom atDtodivide Engla>d and Waes into a8 divisions for the pu-pseoPfodnation;- That it is tenqedite to appoint sub,in.:ctors of British WFesjey, and other Psrettsschoots not cressecied with the cX-.ch, and also of Roman V>ghlia schools, arcotdiDg te the preseen prsocuotla$ oE inspectors of'au&L schools to the inetse of church wehools Thuat, aer;th rePurt of the in67ectors and atb-nas*tors, the Comn snittee of Pivy Council shoul& hamepower to fors Sr. each divisior school. eds.sts conaistine: of ai3i or united msist,es ,m, re,rts *i panaIe Uiati;e rub-inspectorsoft3aoclsof eac iSiMribozTObe in rst to moct on the available ae%^usfor the educatio, of the poor in eac4 xbooldistrict- That, for the purpose of extending inch mW s, it is expedient that the powers at prebeut ymaged bY the Come.njisoners of Charitable Trustsbe enlarged. and tuhat funmds nOt Ul.ss or injuriousto the oom. 3nusibt be applied to the education of the -,iddle and poorer cbFseD of the coDuumumty 'mt it is exAent thit in any sdrool district where the means of education arising from endowmet.t Subscriptiorn, grants. andarboolpeuce shall he found deficient, and hsh fl be declare to beso by the Committee oE?rliYy Council for El.ncation, the ratepay2rs ahold. hare the power of taxing themsaeiveo to: the erectionL and. mLaintenance of S school or schools. Wlat, after the 1set 0! 3.nunry. 1358, when any schoo. distcia 1hal1 h*erebeen dreclhd to .e~r deficicutin adequate rrl ft0r the eduranioa of the poor. the quarter zeasions of tbe jt;ee lv: tne cmunty.2c t or b rugh should bme power to impose a schooal ite. Thatwherensb or mposed.a sncou o Breene ebyty. ratePaYei sh 0oul d apporitnettdhem anho sst3 f 0 n te ae d aeloedbt regulations for the nanagenent othe rW asc h oo ntoD That in every sehoDl SuPP Ovie'diuwhole r iu PartbyAct eAl o Of the oIYSeriptoures sh4 ild b, rsdduin eead daii olher Provision shiould he msl o egms~rcina h eso os m3ittea may think fdtnlbcut that n,o Chlds sho)Ud be eonpeij,-d to 'ii .I%r Prens r gir n.or atte-nd any religious wForship, to wbi.1 big or nr prent orgoadians shall on couoscientiosss gro'ne±s bet IOJ~s of hildrn an tyso g wen a mst i attendance of so II ~ ~ ~ c~th~ ..~-I., -e to SumenuSresolution l.5 thmss I at in eryTYaCheo suposrtedin whole or i by rtessuch Iprovision sfld lb n adkfor rellgion s instruction as lh~ e 15bol c0ommittee S y tht fit, but fathno child should be in e to receir e In>- religious irtdction orf *ted .n religious wrorsh 'foarhih his or her par nts oreardiau e jsrl on eons eintiousg grutorn ect. nor tiial religious sieb ion f in any ip se remnunerated out ed the proYeeds of the school re)' EirH. Ewlroughbc,alTo move the followeing o snentot er:-lteave oas resolution 8. Sir S. lcorthcoTn-To re the fol ioin resolution:- "That it is e_Pedient to'uisake orostsio.. Sor the education, k:hdis !trial ad other sf hol,o~f vaznloydit e bt e in sl yeirs Gt age." n,-To mope ameciden tns Mlr. Royer,-To calltheatN::ktion of ieto, othe fact thst'.in the unienwqorkhouies of St. Thorras- andL SI. Marylebone, childrrsi.ot pbersoes. o members of the establihSed ebureh .are comDpelled! ti> att end: te established church scisooDls. Sir J,. l'haxon.-Lease out resolstion 6i Mr. A.eciek.-To move rescolutionS h-.J: P.ake-ton.--To move amerelinents - Resolution & Leave out, and iwrt tlhe iDlowing resnoltiour instead:- Thatvwhen. aStern periodtobe fixexi 3any sbeo4 ditrict shall have been declared tobe deficient in adeqat means foe thie education of thepo4r; the Committee of PrivyCoune:isould hare powr to require the rntepaersin asch district to elect a sShool eah tte; and uhod school coianteeshoild have powser to irnPosea scol rate, to prov-ide schools, to appont masters and ma srsce^. and to maLe necessaryt regulatios, c esolution sI. Loe out, and insert tie follow resolution Dhat the Coues mitteFe of Privy Conne g enldI havpswer to issue rTihforagidanet s ot loal school comidttees1. andp tG senf5e general superontedesr e-analooin td that exercised f pths }eior oaw enaro over Poor LJaw adinio sin. That inocalditsict irstEsich bl school cosusittee shall bare been elected,rndosnh-rate imposed, thefo ov nitmedsnouldieave power to give assistance f rues the rate to pree-existing schools,. su5ct to twvo conditions :~-L.Poper and satisfactory insection.. °. Cosnplianc.e wvith the tules axvtereligiouoaehusnt That school commnittees should have Dower to'sendtfree sholar.s to schools receiving aid froe rates in case of pewer.t of p>arent,c or That local shol racasbosld be 'assted in dxwd.propor,ibifro annual ParliamIentary grant for education. Mr. Vernon.-To snore tle foollowing anhedmaenic:. IeaTe out resolutions 7. 8P, a, nd 1Q. 3r. Adderlers-Tornove, asanaxnendmentto tha la resobationl:That; in the opinion of this Hoese it is not expedient, ot the peesent time, to proposseany sebemefertiseproesotion of edueatinAaE|nglanO and Wales by aififrorn public funds, otherwise than hp-iso reviaion and extension of the systemanowesctablished tironlgh the sacue-ofthe Comsmittee of Privy Council on Edcaion.
INCOArE AD P-ROPEBTY TA.'L HOUSE OF COMMONS. TPAVr A-P. St Income and Vroperty Tax,-Motion made and question proposed, "That, in the olinion of this -oase, a= equntable adjustment of the income and property tax is essential to the interests of the country, prtiacuxly as regards the rates of payment npon industrial and professional mncomes, compared 'with those derived from fixed property.-(Mr. lunte.) 'Whereupon previous qnuestion put, "That that question be Dow put." The House divided :-Ayes5 6;; Noes, 194. AVES. Adair, R. A. S. HorsfT11, T. B. Robertson. P. F. Anderson, Sir J. Hutchins R 3. Sandars, G. Ball. . Reating, ¶E S. Sibthorn, Major Baxter WF. E endall, N. Steel, J Bigg3. l9. Kershaw, J. Stracey. SirH. J. Baemre, T. W. B. Langton, W. G. Swift, R. Bovyer, G. Langon. H. G. Thompson, G. Bramley-Moore,J. ILslett. W. Thornhill, W. P. Brotherton, J. Luce. T. Tite, W. Bucl Colonel Martin. P. W. Vance, J. Blutler, C. S. Michell, W. Vernon, L. V. Cobbett, J. AL Ilitchell, T.A. Waloott, Admiral Duncan, G. Montgomery, Sir G. WTalmsley, Sir J. Dunlop. A. L Miulliugs, J. RI. Williams, W. Ewart, W. Oales. J. HL P. Wionghby, Sir H. Ewart, J.0. a Paxton. SirJ. Wise, .A. Forster. C. Pechell, Sir G. B. Wyndham. General Fox. W. J. Fnillimore, J. G. Fuller, A. E. Pigott, F. Tellem Greenall, G. rilkington, 3. Hastie, Alexander Repton, G. W. J. Mnr. Muntz Hastie, Archibald Ricardo. S. MIr. Pollard-Urqunhac. eywoood, 3. Ridley. G. NOES. Acton 3. Freestun, Colonel Moffatt, G. Agnew, Sir A. Gallwey, Sir W. P. Moncreif., J. Annesley. Earlof George, J. Monsell, Rlt. Hon. W. Antrobus, B. Gladstone. Et. Hon. W. Montgomery, H. L. Archdall, CaptatnM. Glyn, G. C. Iowbray. J. B. Bailey, C. Goderich, Vsoount Mundy, AV. Bail, 3. Gower, Hon. F. L. Murrough, J. P. Baring, Rt.Hon. Sir F. Grace, 0. D.J. Naas, Lord T. Graham RtHnSirJ.NapierRig&htHon.J. Bell, J. Greme, T. Newarlk Viscount Bellew, T. A. Grenfell, C. W. North, F. Pennet, P. Grey, IL W. O'Brien, J. Berkeley. G.0. L. Grosvenor, Lord B. Oliveira. B. Bethell, Sir B. Guinnes, B. S. Osborne, B Black, A. Haddo., Lord PageA. Lord. Blackburn, P. Hadfield, G. Palmer, Roundell Bland, L H. L Hale, B. B. Palmerton, VIsocount Blandiford. Marquis of Hall, Rt. Hon. Sir B. Patten, Colonel W. Bond, J. W. !hL Hamilton. Lord C. Peel, Sir B. Booth, Sir E.G. Hankey, T. Peel, F. Bouverie. Rt. lln3.P. Har3ourt, Colonel Pinney, Colonel Brand, Hon. HL Hardy. G. Power, . Bruce, MIajor 0. Hayes, Sir E. Price. Sir B. Buckdey. General Headlam, T. E. Pirtchard, J. Burke, Sir T. J. Heard, J.a. Leynham. Viscount Burroughes, H. N. Heathcoat, 3. Ricardo, 0. Byng, Hon. G. H. C. Heathcote, Sir W. Rime, B. R. Campbell, Sir A. I. Heathcote Hon. G. H. Russell, F. C. H. Cardwell, Rt. Hon. R. Heceage. . P. Seymour. HL D. CasUlerosse, Viscount Henley. Jight Hon. J. Shafto, B. D. Challi Ztr. Alderman Herbert, H. A Shelburne, Earl of Chambers. M. Herbert, SirmT. Sith, HL T. Chaplin, W. J. Hervey. Lord A Spooner, R. Chelsea, Viscount Heyworth,L. Stafford, A. Cholmondeloy,LordH.Hilyad, R. Staftord, Mars of Christy, S. Hogg, Sir 3. W. Staen, Lord Clay, Sir WV. HoRseat lit. Hon. B. Stanley. Hon. W. 0. Cole. Hon. H. A. Hue V . Struitt BighstHon. B. Coote, Sir C. HL Hutt, W. Sullivan I Cowan, C. Inghamn B. Taylor, Aolonel Cowper, Rt. HILW. F. Ingram, H. Tolielache, J. Craufurd, E. H. J. Jermyn, Earl Tlder, Sir G. Crossley. F. Johnstone. Sir . 'Vansittart, G. H. Cubitt, M1r. Alderman Jolliffe, SirW. G. H. Verner, Sir W. Dalk-eith, Earl of Jones, Admiral Vernon, G. E. H. Davies,J. Kernson,SirE.C. VL, Sir .a I Denison. J. R :natcbbull, Wg. F. 'adington, H. S. Disraeli Right Ha. B. Labonchere,Et.Hn.H.Walsh, Sir J. B. Divett, E. Laing.S. Warner, B. Drumlanrigg, ViscountLee W. Waterpark,r Lord Duckworth. SirJ. T. B. Lei, G. C Watldns, Colonel L. Duncan, Viscount Levis Rt.Hn.Sir G. C.hatmJan. Dungarran, Viscount Liddell, Hon. HL 0. Whitbre=adS. Danne, IL Lnsy. Hon Colonel WiC;h&m,H.W. Dunne. Colonel Lockhat, A B. 'Wilkinson. W.- East, Sir J. B. Lockhart W. Williams. lL Ebrington. Vicount Lowe. Bit. Hon. B. Wilson, J. Egerton, Sir P. ke.J3.WnYuington, SirT. B. Egerton, W. T. MGregor. James Wyndiah. H. Eliot, Hon. J. E lGregcr. John 'Vyrne. Eight Hon. 3_ Euston. Earl of nt'Tsggart, Sir 3. Wyvil, bL Flrurer, 3. J.lius B. Feliowes, B. Martin, J. TeUers. Fergus, J.. Massey, W. N. Filmer, Sir E. 3Latheson. A. Mr. Hayter Forster, Sir G. Heagber, Thoma Esrl of Mulgrave. Forster. J. Mulligan, B.
TBIE MooiQ's MOTIOK. TO TEIE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Iventurod-to a&k for proofs that the moon rotates on her own axis, and I am favoured to-day withBeven letters, referring me to facts each of which results either from the moon's revoation round the earth, orher cycloidal revolution round the sum. These are no proofs that she rotates on her axis, which I apprehend is 'a ber centre, but which " Cam!' confuses writh the centre oE her orbit! Her rotation round her own axs would be a distinct and an additional motion to that which the moon has; and a reference to an orrery, or to the still simpler instrument I mentioned, will aff6rd,demonstration that this is the fact; nor will it, I think be refuted by science or affected by sarcasms. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant. JLGE SY$1OXS, 137r3ajesty& inspector of ;3ck1ooIs. April 9. TO TlkEDElOBL OF TEFI TDFE& Sir,-When.fLws.at Cambnidge zesed to say7 of ax man wrho seemned ica pable of learniumathemFtix.s earough for n. Junior Opt., "Oh, he.is- a,knd of anan.ca't understand that tho moon revolvei% on her-axis." We certainly never expectedi thab2 the tkne- woul& cotae when this view of the 1nar--theoory wa. to. be- taxgM b: authority, and schoolmasterJ ."rted aganst. to+lae- Psivi7 Council if they refused to teachh.it, as-we may inferthey wi1l be, iwithin. ITr. Jelinger.Symous!tdominion at anyxat",±nns his letterin z1c Tintes.to-day.. I do2't know what. LoDI GmaUile's V3ws about the moon may. be; but; for the- prottction off 32r. Symons's inspec'ees, aUoNwm0 to.-offttWD.-4erY su i fustrations caut of t c.hundred- wk-_h mng easilyhooPed for the Eupose ef makingjhis. maten clear, pebsqe even to ths inspect;wrhimse1f: although. " soeu very iieresting andiimg-Senious theorie," hic,he~es. to.i_m tothe papils, svlbe therehjJenockeixon.ths lkead.. tte ui b5 the nexs school- be goes-to. let.li:,ma1ce a chaX.spot on the floor and *wlk rounn it at. azy distance ke.likes, kceping hisqIace .steaAy to.it, astboon does to tth.eath, aad as lie walks& lot him go. closeeraad closer to the. spot, saying tll theotimoe,, "ow boys, you seeI don'ftturn on |ay aads,'" tilliat lazhe Unsisielf moving upvA,the srot ,itself; rzd, let hn the aslk tls wether he is turni_ on his as0or-not 1 belc itwil be clear to ti-gstupideet'. boy inibD-school Assuwbg itto be so, he mn-4.next vro-- ceed to.eyplaini.b.ihera and kimsdf at what rticuLr distaneefr.oi thespot rotation isto hc said to bo. Pehaps he he sppeaentaxy theorta settle this veint. By way- ck anooier illsustrution let him vi.ebab h4,ith. one side w}a+and tAe otier bla6k, and vi' it onihezright. hands of ltoe inksanc, with -he white.-sdi fecingit, Thern lat iin 1t it up, and, takiDg care not to. turr ib hin.j hand, put it down on the left haEiuof -tfh ytkstand. Trathetbin he will find the darkwfaguugt&inkstand; and if he wants to make the ightsl Ue it ha must tur the bill half round on its. azJs. h bWa is th moon, and the inmstand is the eaib; AV_ Lhavin done that, perhaps it will occur to 3i. SymAonsntat thornooon could not present the same tace .the eaEth is it dit nor turn half round on its axis in -atply thw same tIme that it performs half its revolution sg orbit nnud the earth, or once round in- one revolutAM in its orbit, and be7may perhaps cease to -wonder A'hat this revolutionry Aheory should have received tl} sanction of such high authority as he mentions; and Tl suppose he mnight have Wdded that of every astronomer ia the world who ever thought it worth while to express an, opinion on such an extremely simplo matter. .. E. B. D. April 8. THE BiSmor oF Lo-NDox.-The health of the I Bishop of London has sfiiently improved to allow of lis$ 11.or4sip's removal from London'howae to B.thtcl. I' - -
]I OYAL NATIONAL LIFE-BOAT INSTITU- JLUTITON. for the Pres-erration of Life from Shiwreck Founded i In 124. SuppOrted byr oluntary contriblntion&-The AXTNUAL GE. WEIRAL . EESTING of this Institution will be Theld at the L-ondon T,-,v. Bin s,6-teAtreeet. THIS DAY the loth histu, at 2ococ Isisl: Rear-Admiralthe Duke ofRbqRTHUMIBERLANlD, E.G., Ieel.,It of the Society. in the chair. RCADL L%e. It. John-ghreet. Adeipld. ADril.10, 1116. L 'JDON OSPIAL.-)IOOne Hundred and Sitent Anterar Fstva-TeANNUAL DM-NER wil t~lc Plce HISDAY IThsady. he 0thApril.) at the London Tavern at in'eockrc'ney; IGE~ .G..President, In the chair. Ticets(lI. ech ma behadoftheSecetay,at the Hospital; or WZLJ. NSIXON~ Secaetar. R OYALTMAIL STEA11I-PACKET COMIPANY: 1_aincorporated by Royal Charter.-Notice is hereby given, that tho A.NN.UA-L GENERAL1 MEETING of the Proprietors of this CoznZany will be held at the London Tavern, ishopsgate-Btreet, on Thurs,day, tho 10th day oX April next. at 1 o'clock preisely, for the purpose of zeceiving the Report of the Affairs of the Vouleiny for the year ended the 31st of December last, and of Electing, Three Directors in place of A ndruw Colville, Repq.. deceased, and Rtobert Cotesworth and George Cope. Rss. beng ligblc oier hemelvs fr r-eletiu. obert Any ropietr itemiugto ecoe amodlat orto propose some othurPropieto as canidat mus sigif *his nteniont in writingc, to be lft t th Copan's ofic. 14~yatl~before the day of elecThe Transfer-Books will be Closed on M1onday, the 31st of' Marcb,and re-openzed ou TLesdiay, the I1th of April 1816. Fly order of the Curt of Directors. London. 55, M,orga a-tmet steo B. CtHAPPELL. See. J AM S AN }IRON, rageian-James Amclerson beg repecfuly o ifor tosemangis who have honoured binRb an pIAJETi Y`orhs THErAceThEat his aranempentsforth lires-nt aenipentsf, anetatihoctannebeenegotiatedbothirngagerent tillae, a the mobhos'yr Jamertos u~s-d.ton mapperse tTHISEENwoG.thn conjtncioc wilhheties lewerthy. atsthr Theatre Royal ubLr.aniou, ned thatnd ofHer a3jesty's Theatre, wil ee REOPn inearlyst in thLe success of tliLs great establishmient, are respectfully ins-ited to forward early intima-tion of their intention to subscribe. The season will Consist of 10 nighti, and the prices wrilt be as follow :-Pit boxes, 120 to EUO guineas; gi-snd. tiEr, 180 ta3 200 gineas. one pair, 120 to 110 guna; twvo pair, T 5 to 100 guineas ; pit otalls, 25 guineas. The box. OH-se i now open. U)OYAL ITLA OPERA.-MNr. GYE be,s RL mnot resp,ectfully to announce that he will, during the present Iesn,gv the OPERA at the LYCEUM3 TliEATitE. The subscito ilbe fOr -10 nig'hts, commen:cing on Tuesday next, April IR. with VnI'Vs new grond opera. IL TROVATORE J)RURY-LAXNE.-Enelish Opena-tin cnseqUenhcead of tieexa'it.- atue o BTrovtatre, thins opera, nt,tsad jug the iucrrnsedienthusiasm with which it in received on each evenisig, can only be presented four times a weeek.-TD-worrov (Friday). The Bolsemian Girl. Arline (second time), Mire fle;Qeer. of the Gi'ie isFanny Reeves: Thaddeus, Mr.1Henryllaighi;Florestemn, ?r. nascs; Derishoof.-Ur. Henri Dray ton; Count Axuheini. 'Mr. Durandl. &c. THIS EVENING (Thursday). and on Saturday, IL TicOVATORE: or.,The GipsybsVeng,eance. LucyEscotl, Miss Fanny Huddart, Mliss Dyer, M1r. ATugustius Braham. 'Mr. Henry Haigh, Mr. Alan vers. ML-. Henri Draytonl. Mr. Durasid. Mtr. S. Champion, &C. To 1- feSl-1s, aeah ev,eninmgwith a grand ballet divertissement, entitled EIRE ENCHAXTED GiAIIDEN: Miss Lees, M1r. Farmer, sait the numerous CeridedoBallet. Reduced prices as usual -stalls, ds. ;dress -circ.'e s. fist circle andpit, 2s ; upper circle ar.damphitheatre. Is.; gLalllery, ed Private boxes.l0s. 0.1. l I., andM£52e rf1HE ATRE ROYAL, HAYMIARKET.-THIS JLEVENING (Thru-sday). To-morrow (Fridayl. and. on Saturday. the -n,rw and successful comedy of THE EWEl GENIUS. After which the reniowned Spanis-h Dancer. Perea Nena, wiith 'Manuel Ferez and a new Company of Spaniiards3, will appear in the entirelynewballet pasntomilns3of ELGA.3IBLSLNO;:or, The Mexican Goldseeker. WithL a, new f.sre. called THLE POSTMA4N'S KNOCK. And ON-LY A. HALFPENNY, as performed at WVindsor Castle by cormmand of Her Majesty. T EATRE ROYAL, IIAYM,ARKET.-M1r. TRAN%SFORD hx, the henour to announcie that his Annual Conacert and Dramatic Performance will take place at the above theatre on WVednesday, April IS. on whichi ocaionill be presented the highly su-ccess-ful comedly, entit'Led T'HE EVIL GENIUS. Peincia cilaracters by 'Mr. Chippendale, MIr. Burhstone. Mr. Compton nud Ilbz Ry,nolds. After which, the newv ballet pantomime entited EL GAMBI-SIXO, in wvhich Senora rerea -Neia and Senor Manuel Perez will appear. supported by an enltirely new Company of Spanish Dancers. To which wil he added a Grand Uoncert. Vocalists-- Maclamze rudcr.,dorctY 3ile. Mathida Rtuderslor-ff. Miss Ransfordl, Mr. Hoary Hiatls.h and M3r. Itansforl Flute -3ir. R. SidneyPratten. Cou,.e;rta:ca-St. Richard Bltgrove. In the ensur-e of the Concert the celebrate.d Spanish Ilinistrels wHi slag- "Le Pouvoir de Is Melodic," and " Le ItatapLan du V;al d'Andorre.y Conductor-Mr.. Lindsay Sloper. To Conclude willsh the popular farce of ONLY A HALFPEN'.NY, as rerfocrn.e before the Qlueen at Windsor Castle. in which ZsL-. Dcck3s,one will appear. Ticketi -nod places: to ho had at the box. office of tLe theatre: of -Messrs. Campbell. I'ansfoed asud Co.. 53, -Ne, Poul-street; and of M1r. Eamsford, 595, Welbeck-strect, Cavendeshesquare. ( YAL PRINCESS's THEATR.E. - KINGU RHENRY VIII. wiltlbe perforrmed THIS EVENIlNG (Thurslay-, April 1Gt, and1 cn Thursday. April 17. when it wil be definitively withdrawn-l. havinfg then osnllaeted the unpreceidented rnui of 150 niights. CI.T. JAM,IE-'-THEATRE.-Mladar,nieandi . Gassier, Sidie. ifleril. r. Fraiik Mmr, and Mr. Alfred Mellon -(with full orebo-trul wildl aPPear at thie abo.ve Theatre on WednesdIay, April 16; on whic, occa-ien the tragedy of OTHELLO wilil be performedI by the Ailuna e.who playedilast year for the.Patriotic and Crimean Fundsbeing foir t.e IIFSEFIT of aLITERARY GE~NTLEMAt%N. Tickets and f:,ll particulars at Cramer, Beale. and Co.'s, 201. Regent-street; and all musiczellers' and. libraries. H EATRE ROYAL, ADELPHL.-Noveltx- antd TAtraction.-Great IL-t.-The newr Adelphi drama, Lik-e and Unlike, every evenirg, in which Mr. U. Webster, MNr. Wright, and Ma-dame Celeste will appear.-Lsst Nigits of the Royal Buirlesque and Comic Pantomsire.-THIS EVEN1E`G. the hiirhlys-ucccosful new Adclplsi drans,. in two aces. called LIKE AND UNLIKE, with ne0w scenery. dresses. .00. Characters by M1r. B. WVebster. Mr. Wiright, SIr. P. Bedfford, Mr. Charles Selby. Mr. Garden. Madame Celeste, Mtirs Wyndham, Ac.- AndI last night hot two of the grand burlesque au-I consir pantomime oc JACK AND THE BEA-N STALK: or, Harlequin and Mother Goose at Home Again. Jack and Harleqiuin, Mladamne Ceb,site:' Mother Goose siite' Colimilbine, 'Miss Vysiulham (as Performed by command before Her' Majesty amid the Royal Famsily). flRATRE ROYAL ADELPHL (REBUILDING T HLa'd ENLAItGDGIN ,l-R e present proprietor. Iraviug- puarchased the eutir- freehisid of this theatre andI freehold property adjoining, ri-i tends daring the enstsir.,s:umnner to rebuiild anet enslurge the sante. so as to atfort~ m -re ample acCommondation to the numerous patrons of this popular place ofamnusemnent, and increase tile means of producing theecRusts for wli:c!it is o universa.lly-celebra.tdI; tot hisseid, and to fieet_in some derete consequent heavy expenditure, a limited namiserof DEBETURES,securedo the entire freehold, will be invstuentareunasprsrlabl. Fll artculrs illbepublished in Ti I -EATRE JROYAL, SADLE's - WELLb.- JL~ two nights of the eminent trag&idinune, Mliss Cash-san. in hue ext-a.~crdinary ins;er;oustiou of Meg, lesrilies, THIlS EVE~NING (Ta-radar) and oni Satirilay, In consequence i f hundreds- being ni,eat'.y unable to obtain aumizsitoU to see the greatest actress of thle ag.ieManager ee.in-ts that places in the boxes be secured beforehand. Piinnhgs bet I urle5qae will be perforEssd thxis evenisig-after GuymSAKNEriIN,G. Mr. an~d Mrs. Charles Otllon, of the Theatres Royal. Mhazclwses:r. d ug. Dublin. &C., will appear on MIonday, APril 21. in the dsuamn of Ilelphe.0r: Boxes, Zr. suiEt 2s.; pit, is.; gallery. 0d.1 ROYAiL SURREY T.HEATRE.-RO ELV R IN T1I-E WOItLD OF LON-DON, Thisgraseetinghl disclosed. Fourth appearasnce in England of on.aloswhr ia-redhi)le performances have been pronouncdb th Emer _Natso:e.sn to 1be mos- nurrecodented. brilliant, a dwnefl ROYAL_TNARYLEBONE THEATRE.-Thse -Last Nigi.t hut Oire ni Sr. Charle; Mathe-s's Fin-agement.-THIS E-VEWNIG (Thursday. April 101. THE GAME OF 6rPE-CUIATiox. AffaiPe Hasv ko. Mlr. Charles 31atheiws. Aft r wich.ieb THE GREAT -G6IXN TR10K. The Wizard of the S. SW, Mr. Charles Mathews. To co=Nd,,e with KATHERINE AMPS` FETItUCIIO. Boxes, 2sc.; pIt. Is. ; VallerY. .1. frStnge Manager-M3r. E. Sttriiug. in REAT NATIO NAL STANDARD ~THEAT~RE. 'AX Proprieter, Mr. Joles Douglase.-Engarrnsent of Mliss Glyn, Mr. H. .lr,sn.ao MssRebcc Ianc.-HI lVENING, the play of A.NTO)NY A.ND CLEOIA.TRA (unparalel,ed inbtstrioiiic pag-eantry). .AntoLv. Yr. H. Marston (of the Theatre Roal adler'a-rll) DseURY-LANE.-ENGLISHI OPERA. 'Ur.ser tI-e Managee~nest of Messrs. J. H. Tully aod P. lingabury. THInSEV?I LEG, IL Th'OVAXOIIE; or. Th'e Gipsy's engeance. Ols-urctecs by LUCY F_,cott, Miss F. Huddart ; ir. A. Brahlamd MIr Henrs Drayton, Mtr. Durand. &ac To eocu,do with THE ENCHANTED GARDkES. THEFATRE ROYALL, HJAYMARKEP. U1ndue the Management of MNr. IBuokotone. THIS EV ENING, THE EVILL GEN IUS. My Messrs. Eucketoate, Compton ; Misses Reynolds. Swanborougb, &e. After which. EL GAMI3LUSINO: or. Th e Mlexican Goldseeker. To be foilowed. by THE POSTMA-N'S KcNOCK. TXo Conclude with ONLY A HALFPENNY. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. lUnder thebManagemnent of Mir. Charles Kean. THIM EVE'NING wilt ha presented KING HENRY VIII. Queen Katharine. Sirs. C. Kean : Cardinal 'Wocey, Mr. C. Kean. After -which). Till VICI'OR VANLQUISHED. To conclude with A PINBZCE FOR AN, HOUr. TIEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHL. Plraprieto~, Mr,. B. 'Webster ; Directress, Madame Celeste. THIS ifTESINf will~ be presented LIKE AXIs UNLIKE. Characters by Messrs. E. Webster. We'ight. P. Bedrord, C. Selby. Garden, Moreland, Henry; Maclame Coleste, M1iscWyndham. MTiss Laidlaw, &c. To conclude with JACK AN%D THE BEAN STAL.K. ROYAL OLYMPnIC THEATRE. Lessee, Sir. Alfred Wigins. THIM EVENING wW ll presented STILL WVATERS RUN11 DEEP. JohnUSildmray, SI1r. A. Wigan : iSle. Hector Sternhold, Mrs. Stirling. To conclude withTHE DISCREET PRIN-CESS. Charactersbylifes3re F. Roheon. Emery Danvere,H ECoper,WbiWte,Cllfton;: MissesJulia St. iGeo.pe,Terna3z. Sdton. Ilakel. andgStepheus.Commence)atipast7, THIIATRE ROYAL, SADLER13-WELLS. Under the Management of Mr. George A. Webster. THIS LE,ENING will be p resented GUY MIAkNNERING. Mteg )Icerriiies, Sties Cushmnan; IDandie Miomont, Mlr. Barrett ; Dirk Xlattemaicc. Sir. E. F. Edgar; Julia. StiesH. Gordon: Lucy. Miss SI. Oliver. Afterwhich. THE I.N-VISIBLE PPRINCE. T onldewt ROYAL SURRLEY THEATRE. Ie-sees, Messrs. Shepherd and Cressick, THS EVENID;G will be presented HOW WE IIVE IN THE WOLD OF LONDON. CharactershbSessnm Shepherd, C.A.Calvert, J. H. Rickards. Widdicomab, &c.; Misses Marriott, E. Sanders, &c. After wvichi. IL arion's Performances. To be followed by THE POSTMAN'S KNOCK. To conclude with TUFELMAUSEN. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. Leseec ard blanager, Mir.W. Cooke. THI EVEN-IG will be resened THE ARAB OF THE DESERT AND HIS FATIIHFI ST . After which, the Sceneg in the Circle. Ac. To conclude with THE GRAND SPRING hIG AND NATIONAL STEEPLECH ASE. TO CORRESPO?DENTrS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., alnd that Wid. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affied. Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreiga countries 'without ae; impressed stamp. We camot undertake to return rejected Communications. AVTMepnblicanoI THafll im T° commenced at 5 O'clock5yeffterdUy monn,and ffinised at 25 minutes to 10.
LOiYDON, THUBSDAY, APBIL 10, 186. In the House of Commons yesterday, Mo.E GxnsoN, in moving the second reading of the Oath of Abjuration iBiIl, observed, in order, he said, to avoid misapprehension as to its object, and to narrow the field of discussion, that he ~d 32 deasir to waIsQ the general bquestion of promissory political oaths. His propositions were that political oaths ought to be suited to the time when they were to be talken, and that useless oaths were opposed alike to poEicy and religion. He hoped that the position laid down by a Comnmittee of the House of Lords in 1834, that it was the duty of the Legislature to abolish all uecessary oaths, and when oaths were retained to take care that their needless repetition should be avoided, would fird acceptance with the House. The bill dealt with only one oath; substantially, it was the same as the measure introduced into the House of Lords by Lord L n-DHuRsTs; the enacting clause simply declared that the oath of abjiuration and the assurance set forth in the act of the 6th of GEORGE II. should not be required to be taken or subscribed for any purpose whatsoever. There was no interference with the obligation imposed by law upon Roman Catholics, and the obligation to take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy would still remain. The oath of abjurationwas apolitical oath, framed tomeet a political danger which did not now exist; yet, as the law now stood, all persons (except those employed in the Customs and Excise) were required to take that oath; and if the law were enforced there could be no teacher of Jews, and there would be a practical outlawry of a large number of HER MAJESry's subjects. It was true, a yearly act of indemnity exempted persons from the penalty; but what an anomalous state of things was this ! It couild not be the wish of any man of comnmon understanding to require the oath to be taken in the form in which it was now prescribed. Why not, then, read the bill a second time,, and in Committee consider whether the oath should be repealed or whether another oath should be substituted ? If the abjuring clause were taken out of the oath it would cease to be an oath of abjuration. If the oaths of allegiance and supremacy were taken, there was no need of a third oath, unless it was to be madea religious test, and he insisted that if it was intended to exclude Jews or any other religious sect from civil rights, the Leg,islature wvas bound to do so directly by statute, not by the application of the fag-end of a form of oath intended for another purpose. He stated the swum of his argument to be that the oath of abjuration was obsolete and unnecessary; that as a religious test it had never been recognized by Parliament, and that it was a gross injustice to punish any nman without the direct consent of the three brancles of the Legislature. Sir B. TflSIGER moved to defer the second readingr for six months. The question was, he said, whether the House,. by consenting to its second readling, would agree to the principle of this bill, which consisted of an assertion and an inference. The assertion was that all the descendants of the Pretender had failed; the inference was that therefore the oath of abjuration ought to be abrogated. MIr. Grssos had assumed, without proof, the conclitional proposition contained in the inference upon which the whole of his argument depended. But all might agree in the assertion, without believing that to be any reason at all w hy an end should be p.t to the oath of abjuration. Many persons thoug,ht that the oath contained nothing but a renunciation of the rights of the Pr.zrunnzn, and were astonished when told that it contained a formal and solemn recognition of the Protestant succession to the Crown. HIe defied M!r. Gmssox to show that any one of the oaths, except that of abjturation, contained this recognition. Both Lord J. RUSSEnLL and Lord L-xstrnUsr in 18a3 proposed to retain this portion of the oath, after the most deliberate consideration of the whole subject, and he warned the House of the danger of tampering with an oath which embodied this recognition. That danger was not so remote as some supposed. In 1841 Archbishop CUxLTm published a selection of portions of Papal Bulls for the une of the Council of the Propaganda, "that they might be ready for immediate use," which inluelded two letters from Pope CLE-if.QT XIII. to the PPRxx=nDEr, dated in 1759 and 1760, addressing him as King of SEngland, and recognlizing his aigfht to noninate bishops. The claim of HuIn MA.JESTY to' the throne, it should be remiembered, Sir FhEDERnc olbserved, rested upon the Protestant fcaith of her ancestors, as based upon the law, and not upon their hereditary right; and if the Act of Settlement were repealed, a Romlan Catholic descendant of ClrAxLrs I. world be dlejur e monarechof these realms, and it was exceedingly lunwise, inhis opinion, to agitate questions of this kind. MIr. Graso had said that he did not intend to interfere with the Roman Catholic oath ; but this would be a precedent for an alteration of that oath. The avowed object of the bill was to get rid of the words " on the true faith of a Christian," and this was a direct attack upon the Christian character of that House. He denied that the Jews were excluded by these -words accidentally. They had been always exc.uded as aliens, and, although he admittedthat the words referred to were not originally directed against the Jews, he believed that the great men who framed the Act of Settlement worded the oath of abjuration so as, first, to have a clear acknowledgment of the right of succession to the Crown by certain Protestants; and, secondly, to bind that acknowledgment up with a soleni profession of Christianity, so that the ternis of the oath might be regarded as the expression of the Legislature that the House should be a Christian assembly. Roman Catholic assailants of Protestantism subtly suggested that there was nothing positive in it, and if the words " on the true faith of a Christianf' were removed from the oath their suggestions might be reinforced, and weak minds might be made to doubt whether Protestants were not conscious that they had not the true faith of a Christian. The LoRe-ADvocATE said that much of the speech of Sir F. THESIGER was beside the real point -namely, that the oath was fra-med for a particuilar object, which had ceased to exist. The House had been warned of danger to the Protestant succession from a Pretencler to the throne of England, who might turn up some day if this bill were adopted; buit he was not aware that there was such a person, and he believed that succession to be firmer now than ever. In these matters he set little store by oaths, wlhich at best were flimsy defences. There could, however, be no difficulty in framing words that woul-drecognizetheProtestantsuccession; allthatMr. Giusox sought was to do away with the oath so far as it was not applicable to the present state of the country. The words " on the true faith of a Christion"-which would not prevent a man who was not a Christian from taking the oath-were intended to counteract the equivocation of persons who distinguished betwveen a defacto and a de jure right to the throne. Was it befitting the character of the country to do by a side-wind what, if done, should be done directly ? Ni. rN,,ik warned the House of the consequences of leaving the Protestant succession and the Christian character of the Legislature open questions. He had no desire to exclude the Jews by a side-wind; but this was an attempt to get rid of therestriction by a side-wind. Why not proceed in a straightforward manner ? He maintained that it was not consistent with the principles of the constitution to admit any one into that house who denied the truth of Christianity, which was part and parcel of the law of the land; and the introduction of the words " on the true faith of a Christian" into the oath was a tacit acknowledgment by Parliament that every member of it must be a Chlistian. He hoped the House wrould not assent to this indirect mode of admitting Jews into Parliament, which was not an honourable way of effecting the object. Lord J. Russmz observed that there were two points upon which the House agreed; first, that it was no longer necessary to abjure allegiance to the Pretender; secondly, that the part of the oath of abjuration which secured the Protestant succession to the throne should be retained, and to which Mr. Gibson did not object. The Protestant succession was secured by act of Parliament; but still he agreed that it would be right, in repealing the present oath, to insert words in the oath of allegiance or that of supremacy, or in a separate oath, binding persons admitted to high offices or to Parliament to recognize that succession; and he, woulld propose in the committee words similar to those which he had introduced in his bill of 1854. Then he came to the real point in dispute, whether or not Jews shoulld be admitted to offices of State and to seats in Parliament. Mr. NA&rixx thought that this would make Christianity an open question. But the admission of Jews to Parliament would not make the question more open than now; it only recognzed the principle that political functions ought not to depend upon religious faith. Hteretofore, not only Jews but Dissenters were excluded; buat the exclusion of Dissenters and Roman Catholics was done away -with, and there was no ground for maintaining it against Jews. He held, that if a man was to be allowed the right of private judgment, that house was not to decide whether that judgmenet was right or wrong as a reason for admitting or excluding him. But it was ad that the Christian character of that House would be taken awayr if a single Jewr were adrcitted into it. What, then,was the present position of the city of I,ondon, where a Jew; held the highest offlce? H ad the eity ceased to be Christian until the 9th of November?7 This position was altogether untenable, and when he came to consider how all this difficulty had arisen it appeared that the original object of these words was not to exclude Jews, but to obviate the mental reservation of certain Christians. If Jews were to be excluded, let them be excluded, not by a collateral and an indirect impediment; if not, let the House remove this discreditable relic of persecution. MIr. WALPOLE said, the considerations urged by Lord J. RusszrT ought to induce him to advocate another kind of bill. When a measure was brought forward in that house it should bB in a direct manner. Nominally and in appearance, this was a bill ostensibly to get rid of a useless form of oath; but, in truth, its real object was to do away with a Eolemn fecognition and a continued declaration on thepart of members, whentheytook their seats inthat House, that the character of the Government of this country was Protestant and that the character of its Legislature was Christian. It had been said, if a Jew was allowed to be a magistrate why not a legislator? The answer was, a magistrate was bound to administer the law, but the Legislature made the laws. He agreed that religious liberty meant the fullest enjoyment of religious freedom; but Lord J. RussEr meant something more-a title to hold any office appertaining to the State, even if incongruous with the religious, opinions of the party. If political functions were not to depend upon religious creeds, why should any one, Roman Catholic or Jew, be excluded from any offlce? If the bill had been merely to remove antiquated phrases from the oath, or to render it mnore simple, he should not object to it; but it went to abolish solemn recognitions and declarations. Lord PAMERSToN heartily concurred in the m.otion for the second reading of the bill, which would abolish an oath which no man took without wishing to be exempted from it, and which did not belong to the time in which we lived. In getting rid of the oath of abjusation, hewerei, he admitted that it would be desirable in committee to retain the declaration recognizing the Protestant succession to the Throne of this country. Mr. DisRAELI deeply regretted that the question had been brought before the House in its present form, and that it had been mixed with the Protestant succession and other topics. No one had said that the oath of abjuation in its present form was nct a most anomalous one. He had never advocated the claim of the Jews upon the principle of religious liberty; he doubted, if their claim were founded upon that abstract principle, whether grounds of opposition might not arise which it might be difficult to deal wVithl. Re had always felt that their claim. depended upon the recognition of the fact that this Mas a Christian State and a Christian community, for it would not have been so but forthe efforts a-nd exertions of the Jews. Under these circumstances, he should vote for the second reading of the bill, and, when in committee, he should tal;e the opportunity of proposing an oath in lieu of the oath of abjuration, in which he should retain the words "c on the trne faith of a Christian," but should relieve the JLws from the necessity of using those words. I-r. NEWDEGATE opposed the biU, because it proposed to strike down the recognition by oath of the social compact between the Citow and its subjects. Upon a division, the second reading was carried by 230 to 195. The remaining business having been disposed of, the House adjourned at 10 nlinutes to G o'clock.
The bill of Alr. mIxEn GIBsoN for the abolition of the Oath of Abjuration once more brings us baclk to the question of Jeewish disabilities. It is in an old statute intended to guard the succession to the throne that the words " On the true " faith of a Christian" occur. These words form the sole bar to the admission of a Jewish member of Parliament to take Ihis seat. It is now nine years since the question has been practically brought before the country by the election of a Jew to represent the city of London. Year after year has exhibited the same strange and indignified spectacle. The House of Commons has invariably affirmed the principle of admitting Jews to Parliament, and has been willing to alter the telrns of the oath by which they were accidentally gxcluded. The Lords, on the other hand, have persisted in rejecting their claims, but in so doing have avoided a fair discussion of the real question. It is evident that if Jews are to be excluided from being representatives of the people the objection must be founded either on some immemolial English law which is not to be changed, or oni some natural unfitness in the claimants themselves. Now, on neither of these grounds have the Lords argued the matter fairly. As for the historical question, they have not a word to say. The statement that the Jews are aliens has been once or twice feebly uttered, but only to be proved untrtte by any one who chose to remind tho House that every one born in the realm is a. British subject, and that Jews may hold land and advorwv sons, fi3l municipal offices, and receive commissions in either service, just like other Englishmen. It is not denied that the words which the Jew cannot consistently utter were never intended to exclude him; but, if not merely expletive, were meant to guard against the tendency to mental reservation which Catholics were supposed to receive from the teachings of Jesuitical casuists. As for any settled policy of excluding Jews from public functions, nothing of the kind can be found in our annals for long before the Oath of Abjuration was framed. That the Jews were then a people living apart, deeming themselves and deemed by others a race cut off from the world, is true enough ; that they never thought of seeking office or entering Parliament any more than Gipsies at the present time may be admitted; but no law or custom spoke of them as distinct from other subjects, and no tradition can now be cited by those who would reject their claims. On tho other hand, if it be right that Jews, as disbelievers in Christianity, should be excluded from the Legislature, honest politicians are morally bound to argue the case on its own merits. It is admitted that the present form of words was not intended to exclude Jews, and those who desire to exclude them should not take advantage of its unforeseen effect, but boldly bring forward a mepqure which should make Christianity essential to a member of Parliament, declare the election of Baron ROzusc3ILD void, and require tlhe SPEAKE to issue a new writ for London. Mr. MmxER GBSo;s bill, the second reading of which was carTied by a majority of 230 to 195, proposes to abolish an oath framed a centiny and a half since to secure the Protestant succession against the claims of. the STUARTS. By it, as is well known, each person who takes his seat in Parliament abjures all allegiance to any descendant of the PREIENDER, and promises to uphold the succession as provided in the Act of Settlement. MIr. Gmssof urged the argumernts which must occur to every thinking man. The descendants of the Pis- ENxDEr. are all extinct, and Englishmen in the 19th century are compelled to abjure allegiance to persons who have no existence. Any one, there- tore, who looks upon an oath as a serious thing, and considers as an evil the useless multiplication of such sacred promises, miust wish to see this vain formality at once abolished. This oath, according to stiict law, has to be taken by a grent number o- persons holding various offices, and even follouing somo piivate professions, and it is only by an annual act of indemnity that suck persons are released from the effect of their disobedience. - Such a condition. of things ought clearly no longer to exist, and it is difficult to c6iiceive what argument could be used in favour of the law, except that it had been framed by wise anceators, and ought not to be tampered with by us. In the van, however, of opponents came Sir F. TXsIGER, who moved that the bill be read that day six months, and urged that, though the PzuMnZrn's line had failed, yet the oath was needful to uphold the Protestant succession. There was danger in unsettling the foundations of the present Royal family'srights.LordJ.RvssxTzandLord LvxDnuRsT had on former occasions when urging the abolition of this oath consented to retain the clause about the Protestant succession, incorporating it with some other oath. MIr. GInsoN had not done so, and therefore the bill should be rejected. In deference to these objections it was conceded bythepronmoters of the measare that the Protestant succession should receive due recognition in the Oath of Supremnacy,or someother ancientform of words. But such a concession was little likely to satisfy SirF.TixEsiGER and his fiiends. In fact, this bill was a Jew bill, and their zeal for Protestantism and the issue of the Princess SorA was prompted only by the fear of seeing the representative for London take his seat after nine years' exclusion. The repetition of the old arguments came in due course. The removal of the words " On the true faitlh of a Christian" would be a direct attack on the Christian character of the House. The great men who worded the Oath of Abjiuration designed not only to shut out the STuvAns, but to assure the Christian character of the Legislature, which would be lost if a Jew were admitted. MIr. NnAm warned the House against leaving the Protestant succession and the Christian character of the country open questions. Mr. WA3;roi0; held that Jews might be magistrates, because they onlyadministeredlaws; but not members of Parliament, because they would have to make them. In fact, all was said against the bill that has been said during nearly a decade of sessions. The PxRin and MIr. DIsRAEmL, however, both supported the motion, which was carried, and the bill was read a second time. -Nothing has occurred to change the opinion which we have held during so many years. Putting aside the. question of obsolete oaths, we take the measure as it concerns the claims of the Jews. The case is simply one of right. No vague oratory about unchristianizing the Legislature, no palpably untrue assertions about the Jews being aliens, can have any effect when once the case is clearly understood. The English Jew is just as much an Englishman as the English Christian. The country has long recognized the iight of every subject to share all the privileges wlhich belong to his fellows. Religious tests have been abolished in the case of every other sect. Tlie law refuses to recognize any distinction of race or religion. Parliament itself has heretofore adopted the principle of complete equality. It has allowed, the Independent, the Unitarian, and the Jew to be Alderman and Lord Mayor, Sheriff, or Lord-Lieutenant. On the grounds, therefore, of natural right, of analogy, and even of positive law, we assert that the last restriction on the rights of one sect of British subjects should be taLen away. Can it be believed that common sense or public opinion is against such a concession? If so, let the opponents of the Jews bring forward a bill on the subject. Will the Lords send down to the Commons a measure for the express exclusion of the Jews? Would they be equally zealous if the question were not whether an old form of oath should be maintained, but whether a new one should be established ? If the words of the oath were intended to exclude Jewvs, either directly or in conjunction with other heterodox sects, then it is the duty of Parliament to pass a bill declaring the election of Baron Roruscn=m void. If they were not so intended, then it is unworthy of a great party and of a branch of the Legislature to make such use of a claluse to which circumstances unforeseen when it was framed have given an accidental importance.
The resolutions on the subject of national education to be proposed by Lord Joaii RlussEma in the Houtse of Commons to-night contain various provisions for the augmentation of the present educational staff, acting under the superintendence of the Conunittee of Privy Council. We pass over these, however, in order to arrive at the characteristic and distinctive portion of this series of resolutions-that, namely, -which introduces the compulsory plinciple into our educational system. This is done in resolutions 7 and 8, which declare,- " That it is expedient that in any school district where the means of education arising from endowment, subscription, grants, and school pence, shall be found deficient, and shall be declared to be so by the Committee of Privy Council for Education, the ratepayers shall have the poDver of taxing themselves for the erection and maintenance of a school or schools, and that after the 1st day of January, 1858, when any school district shall have been declared to be deficient in adequate means for the education of the poor, the Quarter Sessions for the Peace of the county, city, or borough shall have power to impose a schoolrate." LNow, upon these resolutions we must observe, in the first place, that, if the conipulsory principle is to be introduced at all, a more moderate introduction of it perhaps could not be expected thlan what is here proposed, and this whether we look to the subject matter to which the compulsory principle is here applied, or to the eoecutive in whose hands the application of it is placed. The subject matter of the compulsory principle generally is only " the Taising anZd vaiin"te2unee of schools," though in one paricular instance it extends to the payment of children's education by their employers. Nor is even " the " raising and maintenance of schools" brought under this principle till the voluntary principle has in the particular district been tried and failed. When the schools are once raised they are to depend on the voluntary principle for their being filled; it is only for the raising and maintenance of the schools that the compulsory principle is to aet. This is the limitation, then, in the subject matter of the compuLsory principle. With respect to the executive in whose hands the application of the principle-i. e., the power of compelling, is placed, the limitation is equally marked. Here is no central Board constituted for wielding and exercising this power, and putting districts at its own will uider the compulsory regimen, as a military commander puts a district or province under martial law. The exercise of the compelling power is first put into the hands of the ratepayers of the district themselves, and next lodged in the Quarter Sessions of the town or county to which the district belongs; that is to say, the power of compelling is first put into the hands, of the subjects of it, who are thus, in fact, left to comnpel themselres; and next into the hands of a local, county, or borough Board. But, no colntral or national Board wields this power. The central Board-i. e., the Committee of Privy Council-can declare when an educational district " is deficient in adequate means for education," and therefore ozght to be put under this principle, but cannot act upon this declaration, or put the district under the comlpulsory principle. How long the said Committee would be satisfied with possessing this negative influence is quite another question, and one which the promoters of this scheme would probably find it inconvenient to answer. So much for the limitation and qualification of the compulsory primciple as put forward in the resolutions. But, in the next place, we mutst observe that these very limitations appear to destroy its effectiveness, and that, as a qualified, a checkled, and a confined rule of proceeding, the compulsion is a feeble and inert one.- You confine, in the first place, the operation of the compulsory principle to the "raisiug and maintenance of " schools." You do not compel children to go to those schools when they are raied. You know this is impracticable. You know that public opinion in this country would not support such an interference of the State with the family interior and the concerns of private life. But does the compulsory principle do very mauch for you, if it only builds schools and leaves you, as you are left now, to the discretion of the parents for your children and pupils? The occupants of the schoolroom ara more valuable than the walls and the recipients of instruction are a much more important article to secure tlhan instructors and instructresses. These resolutionsi legislate as if the great defect now were the want of schoolrooms and schoolmasters. But practical men tell us that we have even now in large parts of the country more buildings than we can fi6, and that the great want is not the want of schools and masters, but of children. Unless you carry the compulsory principle, then, a step further, and oblige the children to attend at school, very much is not done. And this further step you cannot take. You may say it is a pity it cannot be taken. You may regret this particular result of our hereditary and traditional notion of liberty, our jealousy for domestic rights, and our watchword that "a man's house is his " castle." But this willnot help you. It maybe adnnitted that our English notions of liberty do stand in the way of a more perfect, effective, and systematic scheme of national education. Nothing, perhaps, is ever enjoyed without paying for it in some shape or other ; and one shape in which we pay for that iberty, which is our genius Zoci, is a certain want of facilities for education. Continental nations have not the same idea of liberty which we have, and they can therefore submit to State compulsion in education. But this compulsion would jar with an Englishman's whole idea of his rights as a master of a house and pafera?nilis. Ile has no idea. of any one coming into his house and ordering him to send his children to school. This is not a sphere in which he admits of dictation. They are his own children, and not the State's. He is not an easy subject, then, for a. complete and compact system of State education. But so long as he continues thus difficult to deal with, and so long therefore as you cannot oblige children to be educated, so long you are deprived of the central portion of a scheme of State education, and will not gain much from a half compulsory system, which goes a certain way, but just stops short where the real difficulty begins, and, having built the school, does not supply the pupils to fill it. Again, in what hands do you place even this limited and qualified compulsory power? In the hands of the ratepayers themselves or of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace ; for both of these bodies are mentioned, though it is not exactly clear how they are to divide the field of jurisdiction. But will the ratepayers be very effective appliers of the compulsory principle if it is left to them to apply it ? Will you gain much by providing that "in any school district where the "means of education arising from endowment, s"ubscriptiom, grants, and school pence shall be "found deficient, the ratepayers shall have the " power of toaing t1teniMsves ?"V Why, the ratepayers are the very people who, having had the power of taxing t7¶t n2sdve-s-i. e., of supportina a school by voluntary subscriptions, aul this time, have, it seems, declined exercising it. Will they De any more inclined to exercise tins power, then, when forinally invited to do so by an act of Parliament, than when they were left to their own good sense and good feeling to do so? Such ratepayers wil not, at any rate, make a very energetic executive on such an occasion, and will exert the privilege of con[peUing tinbse!ves very softly and gently. But there is an appeal to the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, if tlie ratepayers are stingy. But will any one seriously maintain that the Quarter Sessions of the Peace are a proper and suitable tribunal for the control and decision of m.atters connected wvith education ? Thus failing of its proper subject matter and its proper executive, the compulsory principle, is embodied in Lord Jon- Russxi's resolutions, is but a feeble and poor engine in the cause of national education. It does enough to iritate, but not to succeed. It stops short just where the difficulty begins, and provides neither the material which it is to work upon nor the hands which are to wield it. Are we sure, then, in this state of the case, that we shall be much better under such a scheme than under our present desultoiy and irTegular, but still hearty and active one? Of one thing, indeed, we may be quite sure .-The voluntary and compulsory systems will not work together,-we must choose between them. The tendency of Lord Jon:N Ru8s='s scheme, however mild and inoffensive in itself, would be to absorb all the educational establishments of the country into the vortex; of State control. We do not believe that the people of England are prepared for this.
The sudden and melancholy death of Sir CnuLEs HoTHs-.r, the Governor of Victoria, gives to the head of the Colonial-office a valuable piece of patronage, and at the same time furnishes a hint as to the manner of exercising it. Two prefessions-the military and the naval-have hitlherto, with few exceptions, enjoyed a monopoly of colonial government. This we must consider as a relic of that system of centralization, interference, and repression which is now so happily and so speedily passing away for ever. So long as it was the policy of the home Government to interdict to the inhabitants of the colonies the management of their -own affairs and to regulate those affairs in Downingr-street no instriment could be found better adapted for such a plan of government than a soldier or a sailor, whose professional 'habits had taught him alike to command and obey, to tolerate no oppostion from his inferiors, and to offer none to the wMill of his official chief. But when people began to grow disgusted. with this simple and summary rigine, and it was conceded that the colonists had a right to some voice in their own affairs, and were more lilk-ely to Imno. what was good for them than men who exercised their patronage, managed their finances, and controlled their leWilation at the distance of the diameter of the globe, the vices of the. military, and naval system began to declare themselves. Many and bitter were the conflicts fought out between gallant captains, strong-tempered colonels, and unyielding generals on the one side, and hybrid colonial legislatures of all the varied forms which the P'rotean ingenuity of the Government could conjure up on the other,and bitter was the rancour and quenclhless the heartburning against the home Government e:Xcited by these obscure and absurb conflicts, in which the extreme claims of half-emancipated legislatures were encountered-with doctrines of prerogative unhearrd of in England since the days of the Revolution. Still more com,pletely has the system of appointing naval ind military Governors failed in proportion as a larger measure of self-government has been conceded. We find one Governor dissolving his Council with a precipitation and violence which recaJl the days of the Oxford Parliamellt of Cj.ms IL, or the attltai3 toasize the fivesnembers by CHnias I*; aid another engaged in unseemly conflicts with his Liegislature, which consist in au interchsage of iniperious messages on the one side' aud defiait resolutions on tho other. A still more m- fortunate iustance of the unritness of milita and naval men for the government of colonie3 is afforded by the history of the Governor whoie death has given occasion for these observations. Si, CH&zX.S HRomHwis adnlitted on all hands to have been an exceDlent officer, haying shown on many occasions the most undaunted courage, axid once, nhllappily for him, Tery considerable dexterity in managing a negotiation with such assistance as he could derive from the cannon of his frigate. On the strength of these excellent qualities Sir CHAR3xs HornHx was sent to govern the turbulent colony of Victoria at a period of great financial difficulty and rapid social transition. He was received with an outburst ot popular enthusiasm-we might say of enthusiastic loyalty-such as no one, perhaps, except the new Governor of a colony in these unkingly days, is ever destined to experience. Elated by the unexpected warmth of his reception, Sir CH&r.us gave way to a burst of democratic sentiment, which he mnust since that time have often seen reason to regret. Popular enthusiam soon cooled, and was succeeded by a rebellion which tested, only too severely, the professions of the Governor of an implicit deference for popular rights. The rebellion was put down with considerable, perhaps unnecessgry, bloodshed, and an attempt was made to follow up this succes by a number of trials for high treason, in all of which the Government was foiled by the determination of juries to screen the offenders, at whatever damage to the administration of justice. At this time Sir CuARrEs HoTrHAus popularity had ebbed to the very utmost, and a0l his honesty and good intentions could not extriate him from a series of irritating conllicts with the colony and the Legislature, which graduaOly wore out his strength and consigned him to a preemature grave. I-et it always be remembered to his honour that he retrieved the finances of the colony, which he found in a most disordered state ; that he had to combat the effects of errors not his own, and that, in addition to all his political difficulties, he had to stru,ggle with a period of monetary anxd commercial depression; but let it, at the same timie, be not forgotten that this gallant and wellmeaning gentleman was placed in an arena of which his previous habits and education gave him no kind of experience, and was called upon to apply the maxims of a profession of absolute command and passive obedience to the shock and conflict which are inseparable from the worling of free institutions. Sir CaAMEs HoTr&ar failed because he possessed the qualities of a gallant, open-hearted seaman, which his employers had a light to expect from him, instead of those of an experienced and careful statesman, to which he made no pretence, and which they had no right to look for. We hope that this instance, which is only one out of many similar, though less fatal, catastrophes, will not be without its lesson, so far as regards the appointment of Governors to colonies possessing e'ected assemblies and responsible government. It is in watching the operations of free government that the art of presiding 'over it with dignity and success ismost thoroughlyand mosteffectuallylearnt. Theruanwhorules over freemen shouIld be practically conversant with the only manner in which freemen can be ruled-that is, by their own will and by their own consent. This lesson will be best learnt in our Houses of Parliament-the great patterns and exemplars of free government to the rest of the world, and it is to them, rather than to the ranks of the army and navy, we must look for men who can conciliate the utmost freedom of local self-government with dependence on a central and Imperial authority. The number of such men is unquestionably very limited, but if they canmot be found in this class theymaybesought for inthosewalks of life in which mien are most brought in contact with the opinions and characters of independent men. To govern a colony successfully does not require abilities of the very highest order, but the abilities which it does require are those of the well-trained civilian, not of the naval or military commander. L selfgovernment in our colonies is to have fair play, it must be placed under the control of men who have been themselves trained in its schooL Experience has shown how rarely those who want this training succeed, and we feel convinced that it will also show that men who have this training very rarely fail.
E%s:r LNDIA-HousRe.-Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the East India-house, when the thanks of the Court were voted unanimouisly to 1r. Elliot Macnaglhten, chairman, and Colonel William Henry Sykes, deputy-chairman, for their great application and attention to the affairs of the East India Company during the past year. TEIJ3 N-iG=ALE FuEND.-The total sunm subscribed up to the present time to this fund, intended as s record of national gratitude to MissNightingale for the invaluable services rendered by her to the sick and wounded of the British forces during the recent war, and raised to enable her to establish an institution for the tramni-n, sustenance, and protection of nurses and hospital attendants, is very little, if at all, short of 30,0001. The -more reeent contnbutions include 1,872L. from M and Madame Goldschinidt-Lind ; SO. from the citizens of Ilanchester; 6501. from Oxford; 4001. from Edinburgh; 3001. from Bath; 2551. odd from Bolton; 111M. from Winchester; 3361., a further remittance from the British army in the Crime; and 1741. from the officers, chxplains, and soldiers 'stationed at Scutari The committee for managing the fund acknowledge vith much gratification the contributions of a large number of the clergy of various denominations, the aid they have received, and are receiving, from British ambassadors and consuls in various parts of the -world; and refer with pleasure to the large sums contributed by the army at lorne and abroad. A letter from Lord William Paulet, which conveyed the subscriptions from the Crimea, bears testimolly to the ready and hearty manner with which the whole army there had responded to the appea made to it on behalf of the objects of tho fand; and he adds that, judging from the amount subscribed by the soveraI divisions and departments, the committee of Which he is the chairman have reason to believe that every officer and soldier had contributed a day's pay towards it; and they feel that the Unanimlty ind willingness with which these contributions had been *made afford the strongest testimony both to the value of the services -which Miss Nightingale has rendered to the army, and to the appreciation in which thoee services a-e held by those in whose behalf they were undertaken. The committee are also in communication with the authorities in the colonies, from many of whom they have received offers of co-operation, and they especially direct attention to the results already obtained from the aggregate of small Subscriptions collected throughout the kingdom. Tnx 1ks.-SouTA?n'ro., April 9.-The Rtoyal Mail Company's steamship Tamar, Captain Bevis, sailed this afternoon with the Brazilian and River Plate mails and 75 passengers, among whom are the Hon. Major ereker, Dr. Johnstone, Chevalier St. Robert, Le.; 43,000L. mn specie, 13.000D. value in jewelry, and usual cargo. The Tay, Captain Brydges, wiith the homewvard South American ails, ishourly expected. The A.trato, Captain Woolley, with the next mails from the West Indies and Pacifc, is looked for about the 14th inst. The United States mall steamship Arago, Captain Iines, left Havre and Southampton to-day with the French and English mails, and about 150 passengers, among whom ie the Hon. James Buchanan, late Minister of the United States to the Court of St. James's, and a fall cargo of general merchandise. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Sultan, Captain Cook, will sail with the Penirsu. lar mails on the 17th inst. The Madrid, with the next mails from the Peninsular ports, is expected about the 14th inst. The Royal Mail Comlany's seamship Tyne vill sail -with the West India and Pacilic mails on the 17th inst. BhnAD_VOnD, WnTS.-The house and ground3 known s the Priory in this town are about to be taken oa a long leae by some ladies in connesion iwith Miss SWlon. Of Plymouth, and others, better known as the Siters of Mercy, and it is their intention to open an establishment similar in all respecstet those already ineristence at P1y mouth and Bristol. Great alterations aze intended to be made in thepremises, and some new buildings added for the purpose of providing accommodation for the numerous zueaabwra and pupils wh9 ;e eexpeted ts rode Ibt-h
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. FRANI.- We have receivedthe MAniteur of yeaterday. tt Dublishes the following - " The Marshal Minister of War has received the followIng despatch from the Marshal Commander-in-Chief of the Army in the East:- "'H ead-quarters, Sebastopol, March 2:5. "Monsieur le arCchal,-The army, of the East has halled with enthusiasm the happynews of the deliverance of the Empress, and the birth of the Prince Imperial has been ivelcomed with loud cheers. " 'The event hasbeencelebra'edby our faithful allies and by ounr-lves with great rejoicings; even the Russians participated in them; for, on the evening of the 2.3d, perceiving that fires of rejoicing had been lit in the three 3%rmies, they responded by lighting fires along all their lines. " I On the following day races on a grand scale were held -on the banks of the Tchernaya. Nothing could equal the 4coup c'ro,i of this magnificent spectacle. English, Franch, and Eardinians were exchanging congratulations on the event ivhich the deep voice of the cannon had announced the evening before from Sebastopol and from the camps. " ' Eor my part, M. le Mardeha], connecting this great -event wvith that upon wlhich your despatch of the 1Uth leaves no doubt, I am happy to state that never did star thine with brighter lustre than that of the Emperor. This peace, signed upon the cradle of a child, bears a happy ngury for al. 4' ' If the Emperor and Empress will deign to accept them, beg of you, 31. le Mar6chal, to offer them the respectful congratulations of the army and of myself, and to say to their Majesties that all of Us have a Idressed sincere prayers to Heaven for the welfare of this clild given to us, and who has come to secure the destinies of France. ' I I begof you, M! le Mar6ehal, to accept the expression of my respectful and devoted sentiments. "'I Marshal PELISSIER."' The AH4niemr aniso ptblishes the following- ' The bad season still prevails in the Crimea. In the 'night of the 29th of March the thermometer fell to 12 degree3 below zero, and marked a cold of 10 degrees on the following nights. On the 5th of April there wvas a heavy fall of snow. " Despite these drawbacks, the health of our troops is improving very considerably, so much so that the number Zone to the ambulances has diminished one-half during the past month, and it may be confidently hoped that the end ,of tha winter will also be the end of the sickness suffered by the army in the East. "The telegraphic despatches of Mlarshal Pelissici are each day more satifactory, and the last letters from General Larchey point out the happy results of the meaxsures taken at Constantinople for improving the hospital :ervice."
THE BRITISH ARMIY. CAMPl RERORP. SVRAqT(PCl. 9ATt (FROm Our, SPECIAL CORESPONwDET.1 The occupations of an army during a cessation of lostilitics differ but little from those of our military training-schools at Aldershott or the Curragh, and, but for the vicinity of oiur enemy, the traces of the late protracted conflict, and the severity of the Crimean spring, there would be little to distinguish this -vast camp of English, French, and Sardinians from the ordinary standing camps wvhich are more 'cor-monly seen uion the continent than among -ourselves. All the open spaces on the plateatu are -covered every morninrg vith our battalions at drill <or exercise. The day that is not for a divisional inspection is sure to be devoted either' to brigade or regimental drill, and there is no 5doubt btut that the British army is now fast assuiming that rigidity and regularity which oiur inilitarymen so muchiadmire, but w1hich in this -oar at least has on no occasion been of service to us. The Light Division, broken in two almost by the abstraction of the 77th and S83th at the Alma, chazged the Russian batteries iumder the very nose of Sir George Brown in such formation -ancl order as would have insured every officer and :.:an weeks of extra drill from that gallant officer in peace time. The 30th, 55tb, and 9ath of Evans's Div-ision Nwere also speedily deprived of their -orderly formation. At lnkermann the regiments -were broken up and fought man by man or i little groups, meeting the surge of the Russians by so many shifting points of steel and fire ; and in the attacks on the Redan there %.vas no formation at all, from the time the men left -the trenches till they returned, and the place was attacked by a brave and devoted armed mob. Some -considerations connected with these matters might teampt our chiefs to consider whether our drill might 3not be submitted to some modifications. No mili-tary man dares to propose the revision of ouLr squad books, but there is not one of them -who could not point out faults and absurdities in them. TtmsD Ar.-Your theatrical critic would have a busy time of it here, not, indeed, in noticing 3lew pieces, but in discussing the merits of nev; actors. Amateurs disarm criticism generally by their helplessness on the stage; but there are 3any here u-ho really may bear it; utmost severity -vithout any fear of the result. The Commanderin-Chief attends some of these performances, and the theatres arc always crowded to excess ; nor are they altogether filled with redcoats, for now and then a bornet or a feminine wideamwake belonaing to an -oflicefs w-ife may be seen dinmly through the tobacco smo!e. The officers of the -th and of the -th, of the - corps and of the department, who -were taken flagauote delicto by Sir W. Codrington -at the other side of the Tchernaya yesterday, have nearly all been released, aft-er the receipt of what is irreverently termed "a good wigging" from the Commanldler-in-Chief. Some of the men, sailors, and naav-ies are still under arrest; the officers have been called upon to give their reasons in writing for disobeying orders, and most of them have stated those reasons to be that the example of the French officers wsho crossed the river and conversed freely with the Russians led them to imagine that the orders had been rescinded for the day. As yet I have only seen two Russian officers across the Tchernaya, and that vwas yesterday at the races; but it is affirmed that one or two have ridden into Balaklava, and that some others have been taken to Kamiesch and entertained by French officers, greatly to the anger of the Marshal. The 'Russians do not disguise their joy at tlle prospects of peace, and, indeed, they must have suffered enormnously in the siege. They say that the shot of the allies sometimes struck their boats full of men crossing from the north side, and sunk them, and they tak-e pride in relating the horrors of the siege. Some of them will never be known. ir:. Deane, the diver, has, however, brought others to light. Close by the ruins of Fort Paul, whence the bridge started to the north side, he discovered, at the bottom of the harbour, a battery of field-artillery, horses, men, and all entagled in the harness, and u-ith their skeletons justNanging together in the -network of leather. He has fished up five fieldpieces and two howitzers. They are filled with -aud, but they can soon be made fit for Voolwich. The wood of the carriages has been litterly destroyed bythe teredo nuaalis, or whatever it is which lives on such hard fare or in sutch hard quarters as the best old oak affords. On the skeleton of one of the -horses there vere the 3oies of a driver held together by the rags of his uniform, and with his foot still in the stirrup I The Candia has arrived with Captain Gardiner's troop of Royal Eorse Artillery; but they have been ordered not to land for the present. The mail has arived, and it is rumoured that the armistice has been extended to the 10th of April. AVED-DE5DAY.-" Returns" are the order of the (lay. One which has been ordered, of the names of :all officers who have been present with their regi3ments without leaving the Crimea since the 14th -of September, 1854 (Old Fort), to MIarch 20, - 1S4, has excited an immense amount of hope and conjecture among the very few luclky msen whose names will appear in it. Had the return extended to the Varna campaign, these names wouild be considerably decreased in mrmuber. The Commander-i-Chief and General Eyre, the Chief of the Staff, Colonel Wilbraham, 33rigadier Spencer, Mr. Romaine, andl a few others will appear among the returns of the general Staff. Of the medical staff only sLx-Deputy-Inspector43eneral Alexander, C.B., Dr. Paynter, I Dr. F. 25mith, Dr. Lightwood, Dr. Coome, and Dr. Elliott -have been present throughout; and one purveyor, 2iIr. Fitzgerald. Several regimental surgeons, such as Dr. Thornton, 9th, and YDr. Fasson, 95th, have giad the same good fortune. In the Royal Artillery 'only sit or seven have been in the Crimea without some short leave or other which disqualifies them, and there are about the same number in the Conuidssariat. Ifthe departments onwhich the labours and dangers of the trenches did not press so heavily X D1n;tIe Guar4s and oa the Line show so few who have undergone the ordeal of war from $eptember 14, 1854, to DMarch 20, 1856, it may rea& y be imagined that the proportion of fighting officers is still less in comparison with their numbers. Little hlp§ oll board ship, visits to Kamiesch, or absence on duty along the coast do not invalidate the claims of officers to be included in the return. There was a review of about 40 French battalions and of two regiments of Cuirassiers to-day behind the Feduilkhine heights on the plains of Balaklava. The whole of the army of the Tchernaya was under arms, and presented a very magnificent spectacle. The MIarshal and a large Staff of Generals and many of the English and Sardinian Staff were on the ground, and, notwithstanding the coldness of the day, many spectators wvatched the evolations of the troops and the charges of the cavalry for several hours. The 2d Brigade of the First Division gave a theatrical entertainment last night, which was very successful and very well attended. Here is the bill of the play - THEATRE. SECOND BRIGADE, FRST Divrssoy. This evening, Tuesday, March 25, will be performed the burlesque of ALCESTIS. Apoo ... ... . Mr. Bailey, 31st Regt. Admnetus .. ... Captain Anderson, 56th Regi. Orcus ... ... ... Dr. Johnston, 9th Regt. Hercules ... .. Mr. Litton, 31st Eegt. Pollux ... ... ... Mr. Harford, 56th Regt. Alcestis .Hon. J. C. Dormer, 1ith Light Inf. Pine2ra . M 3r. Thomson, 5oth Regt. Children ... ... MIessrs. Burland and Thompson, 9th Regt. After which MACBETH TRAVESTIE. L;uncan ... ... Captain Anderson, 56th Rezt. M1alcolmn.. r. Thompson, 9th Regt. Donaldbain .. Mr. Everett, 13th Light Inf. Mfacbeth .. Captain Boyd ,, Bano ... Mr. Gilbert , racduff ... M.r. Litton, 31st Regt. Rosse . . Dr. Thornton, 9th legt. Lennox Mr. Segrave, 13th Light lif. Seyton M.r. Baster, 56th Regt. Physician . .. Mr. Harford Genitlewoman ... Mr. Hill , Lady Macbeth ... Hon. J. C. Donuer, 13t1aLight Inf. First Witch . . M.. r. Thompson, 5Nth Regt. Second Witch ... Mr. Wright Third WVitch ... Dr. Meadows, Oth Regt. Doors open at half-past 7 o'clock. Performance to comInence at 8 precisely. [Vivat Regina. No matter wvhat reduction may take place in the army, Mlessrs. Litton, Thompson, and Dormer will alvays be sure of a good income as long as there is a-y-i=te..tw.ft s;^ thiu,e stage. TmlnSDnAY.-Last night the performances at the Fusileer Theatre, Light Divisio%6 were attended by Sir W. Codrington; and went offr with great success. There was the usual drill of several brigades of the English army to-day, in spite of the extreme cold. The French stugeons are visiting our hospitals, and are said to be loud in praises of our arrangements. I regret to state that Miss Nightingale has received a slight injury from the upsetting of a vehicle, in vlich, with other sisters, she was coning up to the front from Balaklava. Her back is hurt, and she is at present at the Castle HospitaL We all hope for her speedy and comiplete recovery. The call for returns continues. Colonel M'MLurdo, of the Land Transport Corps, has arrived, and is busied wwith the arrangement of his department, which the news of peace has in some degree paralyzed. The soldiers are going back to their regiments in some cases. What is to become of the non-commissioned officers who have received commissions fiom the line which have not yet been confirmed at home ? But, above all, how will those deserviing officers who have received the brevet rank of Major in the Army for their services in the colps be treated ? FnxnAI.-The norlth wind continued to blow throughout the night up till 8 o'clock this morning, and at 6 a.m. the thermometer was down to 12 deg. Fahrenheit. Soonafterwards a change took place, and the thermometer rose to 24 deg. The conduct of the north wind is the more provoking in that we have a bright sun daily, and between them both one must be very tough or very clever to escape some species of catarrh. The unfortunate crocuses, snowdrops, and other bulbs which have shot up their buds to greet the wvarm Sun have received rude welcome and scant encouragement from the cold and nipping air. About 11 o'clock a.m. a stronfg division of the RUssian army appeared on the parade ground above the heights of Inkermann, on the north side, and were engaged for a couple of hours in performing the ordinary inanceuvres of a field-day; -within sight of them the 2d Brigade of the Light Division was occupied in. a siilar manner; and al that flash and show of glittering arms were the more pleasing to the spectator that they heralded no bloodshed and auiiured no coming battlefield. Rumours of peace fly swiftly through the camp, and the extension of the armistice to the 10th of April is regarded as its certain preliminary. All thoughts are turned towards home, buit it cannot be denied that the sudden prospect of peace has given a rude shock to those eager soldiers who regarded the armistice but as a breathing-time granted to the enemy, and to those newly-created departments whlich, forced to an exuberant development in the hotbed of our necessities, will now possibly be deprived of the measure of favour and encouragement which the civility, devotion, sincerity, and zeal of those who orgassized and adopted them have Lunquestionably entitled them to expect. Among others the only question is, " When do we go 5 There a-re few indeed who bestow much tllought on the interests of Mir. John Bull in this nostalgic passion. What are to become of the thousands of huts ? What will become of endless forms of expenditure and representatives of wealth which make this plateau an El Dorado ? Wl7hat will become of the thousands of tons of iron which cover its soil-of our railways, of our steam-engines, of our mechanical appliances-in fine, of those myriad contrivances for the absorption of the estimates, including the army itself ? It is certain that the British speculator, who has displayed but little enterprise in the commencement of the war, may now exercise his peculiar faculties of calculation and bold conjecture with advantage to the Government and profit to himself. To the pleasant little colonies of cantiniers, marchlands en gros, en ded.il, of wine importers, pharrnacopolists, and storekeepers at Kamiesch and Balaklava, with their affiliated branches throughout the camp, Peace presents herself with a most ferocious and, threatening aspect, her hand charged with a cornucopia of flats in bankruptcy, conesimIs des biens, outlawries, repudiated cargoes, and blighted gain. The Medusa's head could not be more terrible to them and to the crew of dependents and parasites who flock around them. Already from Marseilles the myi-idons of the law, armed with ineffable powers, have descended on Kamiesch, and have stamped all kinds of seals upon all sorts of premises, and have aroused the energies of the French Gendarmerie. Those gentlemen who had nothing before will, however, be sure to carry out of the Crimea at least as much as they had; but it is probable that the most utterly riined of the gentlemen who so kindly supplied our wants, and even pandered to the appetites of the more luxurious, wllU depart from the Crimea with more money than they ever had any reasonable idea of possessingin the most prosperous moments of their former lives. SA1um&AY.-The weather has again changed. The thermometer, whlich fell to 180 last night, has risen this morninp to 300, with a light southerly breeze and cloudy sky. The Brigadiers have taken advantage of the weather, and the various brigades are now drilling on the plateau overlooking the Tchernaya.
THE PACIFIC STEAMER. TO TEE: EDITOR OF TfE TIMES. Sir,-The loss of the Pacific, likce that of the President, with no tidings of the fate of the passengers and crew or how the disaster occurred, has suggested an idea to me -which, if carried out, might under similar circumstances, if not save the sufferers, at least hold out a chance -of safety, and would, at all. events, give the owners of the vessel sufficient information to send help or look after the wreck. Let every vessel that is sent on a perilous voyage take on board carrier-pigeons. A few words, giving longitude and latitude, or oven more, would serve as a guide, and at least set at rest doubts and hazarded conjectures. The birds would bh let loose, of course, according to distance from the respective coasts. Your obedient servant, 1'H Y VOVE FROM TIE ARKL THE BA?N LT - GTow-ADNs.der have been issued by the authorities at the Horse Guards that the band of the Royal Horse Guards Blue shall play on Sunday next in Kensington-gardens from 4 till 6, weather permitting. A band will play on each succeeding Suniday, I and the time of the performance will probably vary as the se5on advane.-G- ot.
. TTRKEY. (Throm OUR ow0 OOOzDD,Pr CONSTANTINOPLB, L,incn 3i. Tho commerclal world of Galata is just now thrown into a state of considerable excitement by a rather curious lawsuit between an English merchant' and an Austrian bankin%g fLm. Both parties are reckoned among the mnost respectable houses of this place, and they have been for years connected in business. Only lately they transacted together some very extensive business as contractors for the French army, and it is from this latter business that the lawsuit has arisen. They undertook last year to supply cattle and lost a great many by epidemic. This year the English house alone concluded under very favourable terms a contract with the French Intencdance to furnish several thousand heads of cattle per month, and has in consequence of it at this present moment a claim for 24,0001. upon the French Commissariat. Now the Austrian firm comes forward wvith a bill for 1,000,000 piasters, and asks on the strength of it the sequestration of the 24,0001. The English house raises, the objection that the bill was only one for accommodation, which can be easily seen from the accounts current between the two houses. As the case is between an English and Austrian subject, the usual custom of the place, which follows French law in this respect, admits the sequestration, and the English Consul-General has, at the request of the plaintiff, locked up the 24,0001. until the question has been decided. In such a place as Constantinople, where so many foreign jurisdictions are in force, and where there are so many opportunities for eluding the law, some such summary measure as sequestration can scarcely be dispensed !w-ith; but, the delays to which, on the other hand, the administration of justice in the rmixed courts is liable, and the arbitrary and frequently tunjust proceedings of these courts render this custom of sequestration often a great injustice. Take the case in question. By the sequestration of the 24,0001. the credit of the English home has been seriously shaken, and it may in consequence of this be compelled to make sacrifices. Now supposewhich is by no means improbable-that the claim turns outtobeinvalid,what redress will the defeniant have ? The plaintiff will have to pay, perhaps, $10 of costs, and there the matter will rest. Of course' the defendant can bring an action against the plaintiff; but as a case between individuals of two different nations, the affair will be referred to a mixed court. These mixed courts are composed of three members, one named by the plaintiff and two by the defendant. Nothing-iseasier thantofind "friends" here who will do anything for a consideration, and the chance for redress -%ill be very small indeed. Thus, a man who chooses can, with the greatest facility, ruin another without incurring himself any risk, and without more cost than a few dollars and a small fee to the lawyer. There are not a few who actually make a regular business of pleading and live by lawsuits. They never pay unless compelled by their consuls; and, as it is the custom not to pay the interest while the lawsuit is going on, they hlave the use of the money for nothing during that time, and come off, ultimately, with a tritling expense. Besides, the man of maany lawsuits has alvays a chance of -winning now and then one by some slip of his adversary. As filth breeds vermin, this disreputable state of the European couits of juistice in Turkey has produced a swarm of petty lawyers, mostly Greeks and Italians, as ignorant as they are corrupt. The confusion which the application of a dozen or more codes creates, affords an excellent opportunity for the display of their ingenuity, and as peijury is a crime which is rnever punished they make the most of the occasion. Our preaching against the corruption of the Turkisl native courts in the face of such a shanmeful jobbing of justice among the European communities is very much like. the sermon of a tipsy parson on temperance, and it is absurd to think of reforming Turkish courts of justice Lutil we have done something towards reforming those of the Eluropean communities, which are at least as great, if not a greater satire' on the name of justice. As the increase of the international relations betveen the European States has led to the establishment of an international law of peace and war, thus tlec daily increasing commercial relations point out more and more the necessity of an international code of commerce. This is especially the case in Turkey. In other countries foreigners are in all their dealings subject to the laws of the country which tlley inhabit; in Turkey they enjoy an exceptional position, which places them completely out of the pale of native jurisdiction. There are as many codes as there are nations having their representatives in Constantinople. The wonderful thing is how under these circumstances commercial transactions ever take place at all. Everything is imicertain. W5that is law in one is not in the others. Thus an Englislunan may mnake a contract binding according to hiis own law, and find after some time that he cannot establish a claim on it, because he has neglected some formality which iv ould havebeen necessary according to the law of the other party. In this state of confusion recourse has been had to mixed courts, the members of which are named by both pam-ties. These members have no judicial knowledlge w,hatever, and being usually themselves engaged in business are so occupied that they cannot give much time to the affairs of other people. HEence, in the first instance, interminable delays. One day one member has no time, the ne.xt again the others are busy, and so on.' And now I am only speaking of bond4 Jide delays, for, as the defendanlt has the right toname etwo of the three members, he has it always in his power to protract the cause to an indefinite period. Want of time and absence of judicial knowledge make moreover the studying of the case out of question; all that tlie members can acquire is a superficial knowledge of it, and on such premises they judge. But worse than delay and ignorance of law in such decisions are the frequent corruption and favouritism. If this be not changed, it will be very hazardous to introduce foreign capital into Turkey; it can have no security in its transactions, and the only means of reforming them is by the introduction of an international commercial code and an international court of justice, to which. every foreigner would be amenable. Surely, if the European States were to waive for one instant their petty jealousies there would be no great difficulty in the "way. The general principles of all the codes are about the same, and the details indght easily be arranged. The WVestern Pow-ers are assembled at a conference for the regulation of the internal as well as external relations of Turkey. All the great Powers are represented there. Surely stops might be taken to do likewise something to regulate the relations of their own respective subjects in Turkey, which are in as great, if not greater, 'Thonfusion than those between Christians and a- homedans. The establishment of a just system of gudicial administration for all foreign residents in Turkey wVould exzercise moreover a favourable influence on Turkey itself. It wouldbe ansexample which wouldnot fail toreact on the Turkish administration of justice, especially if it gere left open to the nativesto have recourse in mixed cases to these international tribunals. There is no doubt that great opposition may be expected, especially from the smaller Powers, who naturally are most jealous of their prerogatives, and whose agents have only small private cases on which to exert their scanty influence: but, as the great Powers are so continually reproached with sacriicing the interests of the smaller States to their owvn, it would make certainly no diffierence to expose themselves once more to this reproach in a case where the comnmon interest of all is at stake. This morning the sound of 101 guns announced to us that peace had been signed. As the end of the armistice approached rumours of the most different nature began to circulate-now that the armistice had been prolonged-then that the news of the actual conclusion of peace had arrived-. and again that unforeseen but not insurmountable difficultieshaving arisenthe war would be continued as well as the negotiations. The salute this morn- ing put an end to all these conjectures. Although the whole commercial world here was interested 'in the continuation of war, the belief, especially during the latter part of the negotiations, was more in favour of peace. Although only fragmentary and often very apocryphal newvs reached the public abtout the progress of the conferences, yet the telegraphic orders sent out to cease w;arlike preparations and the settling of contracts somehowr or other transpired, and helped to confirm people@s belief in peace.: The grand review of the English troops at Scutari, which had been fixed for Saturday last, has been p ostponed on account of the bad weather. As that dy was not fine the Sultan named to-day (D!tLo;4), Ihe rain yesterday and to-day, h.owever, caused it again to be postponed to an indefmnite' period. I told you that General Storks had og'i,red medical men as welL as medical stores'to the French, These .latter wser first accepted, and now the othe2 are lilewize; two civil and eight military surgens are oficially appointed to assist in the KLrenc2 hospitals. A very suspicious epidemic has broken out among the Artillery horses belonging to the battery stationed in Galata-serai. On Wlednesday last the horses were as usual taken to be watered at the troughs erected within the enclosure of the building. Soon after they returned, thehorses, which had been quite well before and in excellent condition, began to show symptoms of uneasiness; they refused to eat and became restless. This restlessness soonturned into a spasmodic nervousness; the horses beaan to tremrble in all their limbs, and the palpitations of the heart were so violent that they could be distinctly heard. In spite of the efforts of the veterinary surgeons attached to the battery, these symptoms in some of the horses soon changed into a state of th'e most acute agony. They stood up erect on their hind legs, or threw themselves in violent convulsions on the ground. The muscles seemed to become rigid in some, while others swelled to an enormous size. By next morning 13 of them were dead, while all the horses which had gone out first to water were more or less ill Several of the horses were opened, but nothing was found except a congestion of the in- testines, scarcely sufficient to cause death. Since ' then the intestiies have been sent over to Scutari to be chymically eximined by an analytic commission formed for the purpose. Of course, until this inquiry is concluded, it is impossible to say what the cause of this sudden illness and death was, but all the circumstances which have hitherto come to liglht seem to point out a case of poisoning on a large scale. The first idea suggested was that some poisonous plant mighthaveimpregnated the hay, but on examination not onlyno trace was found of this, butlikewise, although all horses received the hay indiscriminately from the same bales, there were many which were not attacked. All the horses that died and that were seriously attacked belonged to the first batch that was taken out to water. When they had drunk, the water in the troug,hs was removed, and the second batch, the troop of Captain Oakes, of the 12th Lancers, which drank from this water, showed indeed symptoms of illness, but none died. A detachment of Artillery horses and the other troop of the 12th, that had been ouit drilling, came in late, and which were only watered in the afternoon, when the water had again been removed, were not attacked at all. esides this, all the horses which died were those which dralk from the troughs in the middle, where the water runs out from the fountain, while those moretowardsthe end escaped altogether, or wereonly slightly attacked. One driver deposes that, of the twVo horses in his charge, one which seemed very thlirsty and drank a great deal, was one of the first dead, while the other, having tasted the water, refused to drink, although repeatedly brought to' the trough, and this horse never was ill. Whatever the cause was, the effects showed themselves on the. muscular and nervous system especially, although the symptoms were of the most different character. Up to this morning 20 horses have died, anl several more are expected to die. All these hcrses were attacked at the same time, and not one case showed itself since the first day, which puts epidemic out of the question. The symptoms remind one very much of those lately so much discussed, of strychnine. The absence of any visible cause of death in Ehe dissectedhorses suggests the same idea. Every measure has been in the meantime takeh to clear up this case, although the absence of the necessary means for a chymical analysis may render this rather difficult.
COUBT CIRCUZAB. The Queen held a Privy Council and Court at 3 o' clor yesterday afternoon at Buckingham Palace. The Council was attended by his Royal Higimess the Prince Consort, the Earl of Harrowby (Lord Privy Seal), Viscoint Palmerston (First Lord_ of the Treasury), Sir George Grey (Sectetary of State forthe Home Depaxtment), Sir Charles Wood (First Lord of the Admiralty), Lord Stanley of Alderley (President of'the Board of Trade), and the Marquis of Breadalbane (Lord Chamberlain). Her Majesty having been pleased to appoint the Right Eon. Francis Earl of Ellesmere to be Lord Lieutenant Of the county of Lancaster, the custoumary oath of office was administered to his Lordship. An order by the Queen in Council was issued, removing the prohibition of the export of articles to certain foreign posts. Mr. C. Greville was the Clerk of the Council in Waiting. Sir George Grey officiated as Lord President of the Comncil in the absence of Earl Granville. - At the Court Sir Alexander MIalet was presented to the Queen at an audience by Viscount Palmerstoni, on return. ing from his post. Her MlAJesty gave audiences to Viscount Palmerston and Sir George Grey. The Queen was attended by the Earl of Muigrave, Treasurer of the Household; Lord Ernest Bruce, Vice-Chamberlain; Viscount Conibermere, Gold Stick in Waiting; Lord De Tabley, Lord in Waiting; and the Hon. Mortimuer Sackville West, Groon in Waiting. Prince Albert, attended by Colonei F. H. Seymour, honoured the E-xhibition of the Society of British Artits, in Suffolk-street, with a visit yesterday morning. Plince Arthlur and the Princesses of the Royal fanily took cairiago drives. The Queen took a drive in the afternoon in an open landau and four, accompanied by the Pricesses Alice'and Helena, and attended by the Hon. Lucy Kerr and the Eqnerries in WVaiting. Prince Albert, attended by his Equelry, rode on horseback. Her Majesty had a dinner party- in the evening. The company included her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, Lady Fanny Howard, Baroness de Spaeth, Lord George Lennox, Viscoumt and ViscountessDurican, Lord and Lady Colville, Lord Redesdale and the Hon. Miss 2iitford, Lord Panmure, the Right Hon. Sir G. Cornewall and Lady Theresa Lewiq, and Major-General Whinyates (Royal Artillery). The Band of the 2d Life Guards played during dhiner. Overture- Stradeea .. .. .. .. Flotow. Selection-" Predosa" .Weber. Selectioe-" Louisa Miller" .VerdL Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louisa visited her Royal Highness the Duches5 of Kient yesterday at Clarence-house, St. James's. A. meeting of a Committee of the Governors of the Wellington College was held yesterday at the new Palace of Westminster, to make arrangement for the ceremony of laying the first stone of the College by Her Majesty on the &A of May next. Present the Earl of Derby (Chairman), the Right Hon. Spencer Walpole, Mr. Cox, the Rev. G. R. Gleig, and MIr. Chance (Secretary). A deputation from the North-Western of Lreland Railway and from the Midland Great Western of Ireland Company had aa interview yesterday with Lord Stanley of Aldgrley and the Right Hon. R. Lowe, at the office of the Board of Trade. The deputation consisted of Lord Crofton, Sir Thomas Burke, M.P., Colonel French, bLP., the Right Hon. John'Wynn, ML>, Sir R. Gore Booth, ILP., 3Mr. W. G. Hemans, C.E., Mr. L. Gisoorne, C.E., Mr. Frederick Barry, C.1E., Messrs. Holmes, Tnrnbull, and Bryden, Parliamentary agents; Mr. Sharkey, solicitor; and Captain Bellew, ALP. A deputation of magistrates of Canongate, Edinburgh, consisting of Mr. Ritchie, Baron Bailie of Canongate ; 3r. Lewis, Bailie of Canongate; 3Mr. Beattie, Inspector of Canongate; M1r. Fraser, Writer to the Signet, Clerk of Canongate; Bailie 3Meuclans, of Canongate; and Dr. Middleton, Treasurer of Canongate, had an interview with the Right Hon. Sir B. HaU yesterday, at the office of' Public Works, Whitehall. His Exelleikey George W. Dallas, tho 'United States' Minister, and family, have removed to No. 24, Portlandplace. Despatches from the Governors of Tasmania and Victoria were received yesterday at the Colonial Office. The hearing of the appeal " The East India Company v. the Hon. Mrs. Dyce Sombre," was continued yesterday hefore the Judical Committee of the Plrivy Council.
* The Chancellor of the Exchequer ack-owledges -thb receipt of the first halves of oank Of Egitlhnd notes for 1201. (36,24-2 for 1001., and 03,811 for 201.) for omitted return of Income-tax from W*. STEAM CO0MMUIpOATION WI1S AuSThALIA.-Ar=angements; we unders:nd, are being made by the General Association for the Australian Colonies for olding a public mreeting early in the ensaig -week at the London Tavern, at which the Lord Mayor i3 expected to preside, to considar the present state of the posnal comnmnication betweei London and 3lelbourne, and the question of the most desxable route for steawers em loyed in thaL &erzice, ta which pU1iliC atteion owascaleTin t"i jourial Qo lQaday
---- F01MIGN.77_UELLIGENC-P. FRANCE. (FROM OUR OWN COORRUSPO1DM-.) [Th following appeared in our second edition of je* ir.A I1 rAIAlo, *XUESDAY, APRIL 8, 6 PIr. The Congress ihela a sitting to-day. The same :eserve is maintained on its deliberations, but I ant informed that the question of Italy was the one proposed to be treatedL and that an animated discussion was anticipated. It appeAs that Austria, who had shown much disinclination to evacuate the Danubiau Principalities, hai yielded on that point. It is generally believed that the Congrex4 will be able to bring its labours to a conclusion thif weekor the beginning of next. The journey of the Emperor to Algeria after the ratification of the Treaty of Peace is very generally talked of. Instructions have, I understand, been given to expedite the completion of the electric cable from Cagliari to Algiers without loss of time, and the reason assigned is the journey of the Emperor. A letter from St. Petersburg, under date the 31st of Maxrch, says as follows:- " A telegraphic despatch from Paris, received at 11 dclock last night at the Imperial Chancellerie, brought us the pleasing tidings of the conclusion of peace. The Journas de St. Petersbo urg published about midnight an extraordinary supplement to this effect *-' A telegraphic despatch from Aide-de-Camp-General Count Orloff has announced to the Emperor that a treaty of peace was signed at Paris the 18th (30th) March, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon.' " The clubs, the cafJs, and public thoroughfares, were during the whole of the day encumbered by an immense crowd, all anxious to learn particulars. The sensation is imimense and profound. A1i the journals of this morning have published the news in large letters at the head of their columns. At midday I assisted at one of the finest military spectacles that could be given to the public. A grand review took Dlace of the whole of the reserve corps and the Guard, the crews of the leet, and the active divisions of St. Petersburg, to which were added the cadets and the militia. The Emperor arrived on the ground, accompanied by tho Grand Dukes, his brothers, and rode slowly along the lines of troops, who amounted to at least 75,000 men. The gans of the fortress and the hells of the churches bailed the oicial announcement of the treaty of peace. :His Majesty and the Grand Dukes were received 'with real enthusiasm, and when the corUgge had returned to the Palace the soldiers had much difliculty in keeping back the crowds, which gave expression to their joy and gratitude by the loudest cries. This evening there is a reception at the Winter Palace, and to-morrow aTe Dcusawill be executed in the chapeL You will see thus that peace has been hailed by the people of St. Petersburg with great demonstrations of joy." The Emperor reviewed to-day in the Court of the Clarrousel the division of Infantry conmanded by General Forey, and composed of the 3d battalion of Foot Chasseurs, and the 39th, 50th, and 97th Regiments of the Line. All these corps formed part of the army in the east, and officers and soldiers all wore the Crimean medal. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 45c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 75c.; and the -New Loan at 731. 90c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,345f. ; Great Northen, 1,052f. 50c.; Strasburg, 1,036f. 25c.; Now Shares, 872f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, I,362f. 5Oc.; Lyons to the Mlediterraneau, 1,650f.; Western of France, 915f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 787f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 66Sf.; Lyons and Geneva, 810f.; Bank of adit Mobilier, 1,6901f.; Austrian Railways, 926f. Cours Authentique.-P s, April S.-Cash PricesFour-and-a-Talf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 92£ S0c. 75c.; * boui per Cents., 86f.; Three per Cents., 72f. 90c. 85c. 73f. 72f. 90c. 73f. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 73f. 25c. 50c. 70c. 75c.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid),. 73f. 25c. 50c. 70c. 75c.; Bankl of France, 4,Q00E. 4,100. 4,050. ; Cr6dit Foncier, 725f. ; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Three per ants., 400i.; Prom. Obligations of 1,0001., Three per Cents., 930f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,682f. 50c. 1,690f.; Discount Bank, 650f.; PiedmQnQtese Five per Cents., 93£ 50c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 90; Belgian F?our-and-a-EHall per Cents., 97A; 3tente de Xaples (Rothschild's), 113; - omans, 91; Spaniis1 Deferred Converted, 265; ditto Interior Debt, 40A1 @ A. Ex;change on. London, at sight, money, 26£. 37.&c.; three months, money, 24f. 92sc. AUSTRIA. (FRsO OUR OWN COPRRSPIONDENT.) VIENNA, ApRi 5. Nat long since the Austriansrwere loud in their eulogies of the Emnperor of the French, but the evident desir of that potentate to ingratiate himself withRussia has excited both their jealousy and their fears. Mllen in office are extremely guarded in their conversation, but they are in an ill temper, and hint that the French Government has not paid sufficient attention to some of the wishes expressed by the, representatives of His Mlajesty the Emperor Francis Joseph. It is also a great grievance to the official politicians of this city that the Sardinian Plenipotentiaries have been peraitted to play such a prominent part at the Paris conferences, and that Count Orloff has taken so much notice of Count Cavour, - "the Minister of a country which, for the last eight years, has displayed such a hostile feeling towards Austria." In short, there isso much g,rumbling that it may reasonably be supposed that the expectations of tnis Cabinet have not been fulfilled. We have, however, proof positive that the Sovereign duly appreciates the exertions made by Count Buol to maintain the honour and dignity of the empire, for he the day before yesterday sent him the Grand Cross of the Order of St. Stephen, and with it a highly flattering autograph letter. At the same time that the Austrians ceased to flatter the Emperor of the French they left off abusing England, and this fact is worthy of notice, as it may be considered a sign that this Government does not consider a Russo-French alliance beyond the bounds of probability. In a letter written a few days since it -was stated, that the Ministers of Finance and of the Interior were playing at cross pur-poses, and information this morning received serves to confin the intelligence. It was represented bythe Reichenherg-Pardubitz Railroad Company to Baron Brack that the line must prove a losing concern if a higher turi9 than that originally fixed were not allowed, and the Miniter, after naving duly examined into the matter, acknowledged that the company had a fair claim to some further concession on the part of Government. Strictly speaking, railway matters do not come within the province of the Minister of Finance, and therefore the Minister of the Interior was not inclined to pay attention to the opinion expressed by his colleague Ui favour of the Reichenberg-Pardlubitz Railroad Company. In reality the Minister of Public Works is the f unctionary whose duty it is to attend to railroad affairs, but he is a mere employ', and seems to be dependent on Baron Bruck, to whose influence he is said to owe his appoinitment. An address has been presented to Baron Bruck by the Vienna stock-brokers, who appear to have just reason to complain of the exuberant zeal of General Baron Kempen's Gendarmes. So much business is now done that an evening Bourse has become necessary, but the brokers have no fitting place in which to meet, and they get into difficulties if they transact business in the open street. The evening before last two of the brokers, who were discussing the price of Credit-Bank shares in. the Wollzeiie, were suddenly seized by two Gendarmes and walked off to the police-office. It is trae that they were at once set at.liberty, but as they found it unpleasant to take a walk through the crowded streets of a city between two Gendarmes armed -with carbines, and bayonets affixed to them, they have requested the Mlinister of Finance to give them some "locale" where they will not be exposed to the "razzias' of the police. 0 It is the declared intention of Baron Bruck to form one great Austro-German Commercial Union, with the same customs' tarif, currency, &c., and it may be confidently expected that .at no distant period the plan of the energetic statesman will be realized. As you will perhaps recollect, the first step towardi vn Astro- German Customs' Union was taken in Februtary, 1853, wnen Baron Bruck, as the Tepresentative of A4stria,concluded a " Trade and Customs" Treaty with Prussia. The Austro-French Railroad Company is about to construct five branch lines :-the first is from Temeswar to Basiasch, the second from Oravita to Basiasch, the third from Oravitza to Steyerdorf, the fourth from Reschitza to: Franzdorf, ancd the fifth from Gladna to Bega. -We learn from Rome that, as His Holiness the Popb does not go to Paris, M. Yillecourt will be the bearer,of the "golden rose" to the Empress Eugenie. It is believed, at Rome that Prince Gortschakoffis to be the representative cf Russia at that Cour. PRUSSIA. (FROY OuR owR cos:msoxN.3 BERIN, ARImL 7. You have. dovbtilels published this morning nytelegraphic despatch of yesterday to the effect that the exportatiol ~of com from Rusiin. is ugiwr pF- mitted by that Governmest i tl& wvas thl eiioi- of a private despatch forward*d from a respectaiAe house in St. Petersburg to aniciteiant in1a3rmberg, and the Oesterreichisc1e Corresponden has inee on. Ifirmed the news as authentic. This rtolution of th6f Russian Government appears to havebventakensd, denly and in anticipation of the negotiations then going on in Paris in connexion with it, for may own information, forwarded to you on %aturday, and since confirmed by the offcial Dresden-aJurna, only went to the extent of indicating that mbject as on the order of that day for discussion Fy the 1 Conference in Paris;the RussianMinister of laence had already, on the 4th, affixed a notice to this effect in the Exchange Building at St. PetersbggP. TheRussian GoTernmlentwill also,in all probabtiL, be the chief exporter; the stores that have beebi collected in Poland and Bessarabia frona ittr; - own subjects as war contaibutions will nosw be converted into specie for the behoof of theo Government, while at the same time it will get clear of anl its liabilities towars its own and foreign subjects on the scare of the grain on the coast of the 13laeL Sea, the exportation of hich it prohibited at an early period of the wat, and for which it was under liabilities it could not orwould not fulfiL It is endeavoured by many persons to represent this measure of the Russian Government as a concession made by Russia to the allies in return for the removal of the blockade, but in fact the permission of the export is as much called for now by her own interests as its prohibition was formerly by her own necessities. While the Plenipotentiaries of Russia are doing soranch in Paris to convince the world that warlike dreams of conquest are for ever banished fronm, the Imperial counsels, and that a new line of tactics, dictated by political economy, has taken theirplace, the home Government finds it necessary to keep up for a time, and in some degree,the bellicose strain, and take its time in modifying its martial key. Thus on the 31st instant there was a grand representation at the theatre in St. Petersburg, in commemoration of the victorious entry of the allies into Paris, and the receipts are to be appropriated to the funds of the Invalides; simultaneously with this theatrical celebration of that anniversary there were other demonstrations of a more general kind. The Ni'orthJernw Bee is permitted, or instructed, to keep up its diatribes against England, but of all the powers Austria is made the most to feel in the person of her Aabassador what the nature of Russia's sentiments towards her is. The Russians of all parties and shades of feeling are represented as varying only in the degree of their animosity to Austria; in this country (Prussia) the same feeling is, perhaps, less acute, but it has all the deeper root and inveteracy from being chronic. The following remark of a Russian of good standing in St. Petersburg is believed to be characteristic of the general feeling on the subject of thepeace-"Peace is welcome to us,thoulgh it was not longed for. WVe mnust accept it because we want it, not because we vish for it." The strain in which the philo-Russian journals on the continent, and still more the Russian correspondents in the different cities of Germany and France, speak of Russia is in precisely the same key, though somewhat more bold in tone, as that of the Austrian press when speaking of the incFinations of Austria; alliance -with Fxance is the key note; the construction of the aiilitary lines of railway in the interior is the dominant, and the sub-donminant is the management of public opinion on the continent. These three elements of the present policy of Russia are to be found expressed in almost the same words as above in a great variety of its organs and expositors. As many as 10 journals in the Russian interest are spoken of as arranged for establishment in Germnany inthe course of this year, and, though this is either an exaggeration of the intentions of the Russian Government, or a visionary plan not likely to be executed to its full extent, it-is certain that great endeavours are being made to realize the idea. In general orders the Emperor has expressed his thanks to the Admiral General of the Fleet, the Grand Duke Constantine, to General Berg, and other high officers, for the exemplary state in which he has fousndthe fleet and the army during his tour in Finland. The Emperor is believed o have returnedIto St. Petersburg on the 29th ult.i Advices from Riga state that the manning of the Russian Baltic rowboat flotilla has been stopped by supreme authority. The staff of theofficer in command of the Baltic marine corps is to be removed at once from M-ittau to Riga. The visit of the Dowager Empress of Russia to Germany will take place earlier than was at first expected; instead of waiting till the end of June, she will set out in the month of Mlay. This has perhaps been caused by the alteration in her niece's wedding-day, Princess Louisa, who is to be married here on Jiune 11 to the Prince Regent of Baden. The Empress Mother, after leaving t1iis Court, will go on to Stuttgard, to visit her daughter there, the consort of the Crown Prince of Wurtemberg. From there it is expected that she will proceed to visit the Principality of Hohensollern, which has recently been incorporated into Prussia, and. whence the present reigning family dates its originn. Accordingto advices froinWarsaw of the 5th inst-, the price of wheat had faDen there already 2 roubles per tchetvert; bread had also sulk in price. On Easter-day divine service was performed again in' the English Chapel, for the first time since the breaking out of the war; as it has also been continued since Easter, the inference of the Varsovians was, that peace must be close at hand. This i-lference was corroborated by a telegraphic despatch from St. Petersburg, on the 31st uit., announcingr the conclusion of peace the day before, and this despatch was closely followed by another; counter-manding the fresh levy of reci-nits then aboit to take place. ITALY. A letter from Tmin says:- " Diplomatic relations between Russia and Sardini has-c been interrupted since the spring of 148, when King Charles Albert declared war against Austria, and crossed the Ticino. At that time Count Kakoschine, the r-ussian Minister, quitted Turin, awith Count Bnol, the Austrian linister. After the re-establishment of peace, and the conclusion of the treaty of Idilan on the 6th of Aunust, 1849, an attempt was made to renew diplomatic relations with Russia; but the Emperor Nicholas having demanded the dismissal of the few P)'ish officers who had enterec the Sardinian anny, and the Sardinian Government considerig itself in honour7bound not to comply with the injunction, these relations have remained suspended ever since. The treaty of-Paris will alter our situation. I may even add, without fear of being contradicted, that at this moment Sardinia is on the very best terms with Russia, and that both Governments have already had occasion to exchange expressions of thosemlitual sentiments of esteem and goo. will which naturally exist between nations that have fairly and courageously fought each other. Thus the resumption of official .dplomatic relations with Russia may be reg=arded as imminent. I have even been assured that General Alfonso Dela Marmora, Commander-in-Chief of the army in the East, would be sent to Russia, on Iis return from tlue Cnimea, to assist at thecoronation of the Emperor Alexander II., as Ambasador-Extraordinary of King Victor Emnianuel I.L A better choice could not be made. By drawing,closer the ties which already united her to England and traauo Piedmont has also gained the friendship of PRussia." The 3d Regiment of the Anglo-Italian Legion arrved at Genoa on the . 2d, and immediately embarked for MIalta in tlie Great Britain. -
MIR. IMIoRRis BARNTL=.-The playgoing public *vill learn with regret the death of this geatleman, which occrred at Montreal on the lS.h ult, after a lingering illness of many months. As a deineator of Frenc)h character heobtained a celebrity in which, save by Mr. Wigan, he 'was completely unrivalled, ani it is not too much to say otat he was the only En_lEsh actor 'who ever achieved, a. solid success at the St. James's Theat The attempt of' thelate Mr. Brahamto makelthatestablishmentanerseanenthome for opera proved a manifest failere, but a temrporar3 gleam of light was cast upon the effortbythe production p9 i(oisicurJacqucs, which gIr. Barnett had hismself dapted, from the French, and in which he played the principal character. -Monsicur.YacVm, in fact, became a towntaLk, anda Mr. Barnett, as the old musician, clad in aU the trap-. pings of poverty, was one of the most familiar figures in. the mind-ef the ILondoner. At several other estblishinents Mr. Barnett has been a! leading actor, and he ws. a member of Mr. Macready's company atDrary-lane. Iathe, year 1854 ho went throagh a series of farewvell peiarmance& at the Atdelpisi, and played in 'succession all his principlu , haracters.' Shortly afterwards he departed f:or America,~ mn.the hope t3hat. his talent, being of aldind. by no means fanilliar to our Pepublican cousins, milght prove snlliciently !attractive to enable him to retsire irons, his profesaoa. duties. A severe illn nformatelypretd t l tion of hishopesj though the few perrozmances Le ,as abls to give afforded general atisfacionr- From the United States he proceeaec to Canada, w hoe the :meWscho)Y GntU occurred'whieh we have recorded above. -lz, Darnott waa kmown not only as an esteemEi member ca ilsahiationiu profession, but also as a draatic author and a writer for the periodical,press. The' &rious 'w;;g-y whil: he bugt uponL;e Marnd Ia g Campa, was o-a of theI nisw success' 'fal idaptations erer produced utpon the stage, And is still W t 4e sprtrc wherever Mr. Woebitoer laauae
MONRY-fABKBT anad CITYl% TBLLWNCJiB. Wednesday Evening. The English funds opened this morning at the closing quotations of yesterday, and mnanifested a tendency to animation, which would have been still more apparent throughout the day, had not the denmand for money been again extremely great. Consols were first quoted 924 to 93, whence they advanced to 93k. From this there was a reaction to 92y, but towards the close of business the upward movement was resumed. and the last transactions were at 931k to i for money and 93g. to i for the 8th of May.The preparations forthe settlement of the account, which takes place to-morrow, paartly influenced the market, and it was chiefly after these had terminated that the disposition to buoyancy becamne obser-vable. Among the causes of t'he final improvement were the knowledge that the Australian gold just arrived w ill remain in this country and the receipt of favourable quotations fronm the Paris Bourse. Bank Stock left of at 213 to 215 ; Reduced, 92V to J- - New Three per Cents., 931 to j; Annuities, 31) years, ]63; India Stock, 227 to 230; India-bonds, 9s. to 4s. discount ; Exchequer-bondcs, 98i to i-; and Exchequer-bills (March), Is. to 3s. premiium; (June), 2s. discoiunt to par. In the discount-market to-day the pressure ivas considerable, a large portion of the advances made by the Bank during the slhutting of the transfer boolks having to be repaid, wvhile at the same time provision had to be made for the instalment of 1,350,0001. clue to-morrow upon the loai. There was little activity in foreign securities, but prices on the average were well maintained. The operations in Turkish SiX per Cents. took place at 101& for money, and. 102, 1021, and 1017y for the account; the Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock was negotiated at 1017 for money. and 101 7g, , and 102 for the account. V13razilman Five per Cents. were purchased at 99j; the Small, 10(0; Danish Three per Cents., 84 and 84l ; Ecuador New Consolidated, 15J and -; Granada b)eferred, 74 and 8; Mexican, for account, 23- and 23; Peruvian Four-and-aHalf per. Cents., 78k; the Three per Cents., 55k; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 24k and 25k; Passives, 7M:; Belgvian Four-ard-a-Half per Cents., 90k; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents.,063k; and {he Four per Cent. Certificates, 94. The corn-market this morning was without altersition. The closing quotations of the French Three per Cents. ontheParisBotunse this evening were 73f.45c. for money and 73f. o5c. for the end of the month. showing another rise of nearly a-half per cent. The continental letters describe continued liriness in the rates of exchange. At Paris the avidity for speculation is rapidly increasing. At Hamburg the pressure for money is still great, and the rate of discount has advanced to 6 per cent. The gold brought by the Red Jacket yesterday is understood to amount to 448,0001., instead of 402,7001., as stated. There was also between 20,L001. and 40,0001. in the hands of passengers. The whole will be taken to the Bank of England, and the arrival is opportune, the sums withdrawn for transmission to the East diuing the last week or two having been very heavy. The prospectus of the first of the anticipated Russi=n railway companies has been put forth this morning, the line being one that was about to be introduiced just before the commencement of the 'war. It is to be caDled the Commercial Railway of Russia, Riga, and Danaburg, and the capital required is 1,600,0001. inI 20,000 shares of 1001. each, -t-o be issued at 80Q On these shares the Russian Government guiarantee a nditnimo interest of 4 per -cent., which to subscribers at the price of 80 will yield 5 per cent. The dividends are to be payable half-yearly in London, St. Petersburg, and Riga, and the sum proposed to be raised covers a provision for the payment of interest during construction. An additional half per cent. :. also guaranteed to form a sinking fund to redeem the shares at par within 56 years. The concession was granted to -the committee of the Riga Exchange, comprising the foreign merchants at that place, by whom all the requisite surveys and estimates have been procured, and the company are to have absolute control both as regards construiction and management. The length of the line will be about 140 miles from Riga to Diinaburg, where it will join about midway the great line from St. Petersburg to Warsaw, now in progress. The chief advantages contemplated are those to be derived from its power of transporting the produce of the interior and central provinces to the port of Riga during the long period in which the river navigation is closed by ice; and a belief is stated in the prospectus that it must become the main commercial trunk line from the north and west of Russia. The London Board of Directors consists at present of a few merchants largely connected with Riga, and MIr. John HUawkshaw- is to be the engineer. lThe terms granted furnish an illustration of the determination of Russia to obtain whatever amount of British capital she may require to promote the growth of her ports and develope the power and resources ofiher territory; and, as Austria intends to follow a similar course, and both are likely to be imitated by all the German and other continental States, no forebodings can be too great with regard to the drain to which, with the progress of speculation, we are likely in a year or two to be exposed. The following letter is understood to express the feeling of all persons interested in the subjects of fire insurance with respect to the bill proposed by the Chancellor of the Excheqtuer for preventina the competition of foreign offices. The expectation is that it will fall altogether short of its object, and that a large portion of the business will be gradually transferred to foreign companies by means of correspondence, in the manner at present adopted for effzcting marine insurances at Amsterdam and HEamburg:- "Sir,-Thereisnothing in the bill nowvbefore Parhiamerit relating to fire insurance duties to prevent any persons or firns corresponding direct vith any of the foreign nsurance comnpanies, and effectingpolicies from loss or damage by fire wehich ould not he subject to the duty, as iF issued by an English office, or through any representative of a foreign company in England. " The third clause states that the duty shall extend to and he payable and paid for and in respect of every insurance of property within the united kingdom, from loss or damage by fire, whether the same shal be made by any company or society wvithin or out of the united kingdom, or whether the policy or ether nstrnmlents relating to any such insurance shal be made, signed, or issued in the uunited kin-dom or elsethere, and whether there shall be airy such poLcy, inseTrirent, or not. " The bil does not say in whlat manner the duties on insurances or policies so effected are to be payable and enforced. Is the insurer to be held persona}ly liable for the duty? and to lwhom liable? also what penalty for non-payment of the duty ? " I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, "April 9. "1 N'VESTIGATOR." The bill regarding crossed checks, in the futile form to which it has been reduced by a Government "amendment," has just been printed. It simply provides that crossed checks must pass through somc bank-er-a custom already enforced in harmony with the opinion of the Judges, and consequently requiring no leg,islation to insure its continuance. The evils intended to be met by the bill as it originally stood are to be left untouched, and the public must therefore still bear in mind, for their own security, that the crossing of checks with a banker's name will afford them no reliable protection against dishonesty or carelessness on the part of those to whom such checlks may be intrusted. Mlr. Lowe's new bill on the law of partnership has been printed to-day. It is unclogged by anyy of those restrictive attempts to " protect" the interests of creditors swhich, by discouraging the exercise of vigilance, could operate only as a stimulant to fraud and litigation,and comprises simplythefollowingprovislons, giving freedom to the public to lend money upon such terms as borrower and lender may mutually deem expedient:- " Whereas it is expedient to amend the law relating to partnership: be it therefore enacted as follows- "1. This act shall not apply to the business of a banker. 2. The term Itrader' shall include any person, partnership, company, or body corporate carrying on any trade, business, or undertaking. "s 3. No person making a loan to any trader shall be dee7ned to be a partner of, or to be subject to any liabilities incarred by, such tradertby reason only that he receives as a oaniensqation for such loan a portion of the profits made in any usiness carred on by such trader. 4.; Noperson, being an ahent or servant or person in he employ of~ any trader, shall be deemed to be a partner _of, or to be subject to anyliabilities incurred by, such trader rasononly that he receives as aremuneration forhis sericea as such agtent or servant a portion of the profits nsa4e in any business carried on by such trader. "5Nouerson receiving by way of annuity or otherwise any porton of the profits made by any trader in his busi- ness shall by reason only of such receipt be dee ob partnerof,o,r to be subject toany tdeemed to be a such trader." to any habilities incurred by, The prospectus has been issued of the North and South Wales Steam Ftiel Company, with a capital of 30,0001. in lOl. shares. The object is to carry on and extend certain works already in operation near Liverpool for the manufacture of a patent fuel -svhich has received the approval of the Admiralty. A prospectus has been issued of the MNAetropolitan Field Bleaching, Washing, and Scouring Company, wvith a capital of 30,000!. in 101. shares. At an adjoulrned meeting of the Australian Royal XMail Steamn Company to-day the result of the ballot wlas declared to be in favour of the proposal of the directors to apPly for a supplemental charter, the respective numbers being 65 votes, representig 8,437 stares, and 35 votes, representing (,000 shares. The following have beeR received from Australian nmiing compames " COLONIATL GOLD. t " The company have received advices from Mr. Spence, their superintendent in New South Wales, dated the 26th of December, which are to the following effect:- "I'Louisa Creek.-There has been some lttle improvement in the quartz this month; we are now openingthe vein at the southern end, where it takes rather a slharp dip; wo shall follow it in order to ascertain what its quality may be as it sinks; hitherto we have worked only where there has teen an outcrop. I cannot venture to express any very sagnine expectations as to this place; we have spared no labour, anud have brought a counlderable amount of experience to hear, yet the results are far froml satisfactory. I have made great reductions this month, and shall continue to curtail up to the point w hen it wvill bo just possible to fulfI the engagement wsith the Great Nugget Company. I 1 ave received a communuicationI from the secretary of the (ireat Nugget Company, desiring to know whetherthere -%ere anyprobability of the Colonial Gold Company pur.hasina their interest in the lease of these claims. I have i eplied that ouir occupation of the ground is uncertain ; that the returns continue to disappoint all expectations; that, eccnsequently, there is no inducement for further outlay *n the extension of machinery, and I value their interest in the lease at a mere nominal sum. At Tambaroora, with three men only, we are trying another I ile of quartz, which appears to be rich enough to cover (ur expenses. I am only doing this to make our exaninatien of the stuff still more conclusive, pending the disposal of the plant in some way or other, nothing having occurred to change my determination asto closing that establishment. I have succeeded in disposing of a large proportion of the tools, &c., left at Burrandong, and am doing all I canto clear off the remainder,' "Xr. Spence advises that immediately on receipt of the instructiolns from the board and managers, dated 19th Sep. tember last, relative to the management of affairs in Vietoria, he tock the necessary steps to terminate at once Mr. Corner's engagement, and all the stores and other property whi.h may net be disposed of at the end of the year will be trnnsferred to the care of Mr. Sanumel Bawden, who has been sent to Sandhurst by MIr. Spence. " POuT PnriP AND COLONLIL. "The board have received advices from the resident director dated the 9th of January. Therequisite machinery for quartz-crtushing was nearly completed, and would be forwarded to Mr. Thompson as soon as his arrangements had been nmde. The Assays-office bhad been made more use of during the quarter ending December than any previous quarter. "lionsni iSsD AUSTRAIJAN COrPER. "The directors have advices from their manager dated the 29th of December and the 2d of January last. The smelting work-s were being carried on with energy, and the make of copper during the month of December was about 220 tons. The Nimroud had arrived with mule waggons and seven more smelters. The Burra Burra Mine had been paid all copper due to them for ores delivered."
TRADE REPORT. Wednesday Evening. SUGAR is extremely languid to-day, with very little disposition to do business, and the market is rather lower. The public sales were 18,S22 bags, 1,130 boxes, 292 hhds., 22 tierces, and T0 barrels, and only half sold, of which the following are the particulars:-5,353 bags of Ilauritius brown, 37s. 6d. to 40s. ; low to good yellow, 40s. 6d. to 43s.; low to middling gray, 39s. to 41s. 6d.; 13,362 bags of Penanlow to good brown, 36s. to SOs.; low to goocd yellow, 40s. to 42s.; fine, 45s. per cwt.; 1,130 boxes of Havannah, low to fine yellow, 42s. to 4Ss. 6d.; 142 hhds. of French colonial, 43s. to 44s. 6d.; 150 hhds., 22 tierces, and 107 bags of Cuba, broawn, 37s. to 39s.; low to good yellow, 39s. 6d. to 42s. 6d. per cwt. 283 hhds. of WVest India have been sold. COFErX.-The market for plantation Ceylon is rather easier. 300 casks and 100 barrels and bags were chiefly disposed of at 59s. 6d. to 62s. for fine fine ordinary to low middling, and G3s. to 66s. for middling to bold blueish. Of 3,000 bags native Ceylon offered about two-thirds sold at 51s. for good ordinary (old), and 53s. 6d. to 54s. 3d. for good ordinary to fine of the new crop. 2,685 bags Bahia were partly sold, at prices that ranged from 41s. 6d. to 56s. 6d. per cwt. for ordinary pale mixed to good bold paEsh. Coloury mixed withi blacks were withdrawn at 41s., and good even co]oury at 4(3s. and 53s. per cwt. 2lsCs.-l,400 pockets of broken white were cchiefly sold at &a. Gd. per cwt. Privately a moderate busisness has been dlone in muddling Bengal at steady rates. S ALTprBEmE.There have been no public sales, but pri. vately 10 per cent. refraction is reported sold at 34s.; Sto 7 per cent., at 35s. to 35s. 6d.; and the better sorts at 37s. per cwt. TALLOW'.-A large business has been done to-day in this market at advancing prices, closing very firm at 48s. to 4Ss. 3d. on the spot, and 48s. 6d. to 48s. for the last three nionths.
STATE OF TRADE. 6OTTflTGIIAM, WEDNESDAY. The lace radeis in a very healthy condition. Manufacturers are very sanguine as to its future prospects, and are busily engaged preparing for the expected demand. The transactions thisiweek are satisfactory, and as the spring advances the demand will be more so. The operatives are ex<ceedingly well employed at good wages. In hosiery thehome demand is quiet, but as more genial weather prevails we shall soon have a more active trade. Some buyers from the United States are in the market. aw material is stil very dear, with little prospect of a decline in prnce.
THE COBRI TRADE. CORN-EXCRANGEF WME)-SD&Y, AIL 9. Tho graintradeshows no great alteration although in somecases there is rather increased firmne. The suppAes of foreign have augmerted, but those of other descriptions are moderate. DUlBLW APRTL S. We had a slow maarket to-day for every description of grain, lbut we do not note any alteration in the currencies of lasS Friday, oXcept for sTns;-zr -Ar -MhIn --tf.l5 1. I>.-
RAILWA.Y AND'MINZYG SHARES. - Wednesday Evening. The railway-market was steady, but there was rather less activity towards the close of business. Foreign descriptions continue to be freely operated in, and the late advance has been well supported. Australian Agricultural and Peel River were purchased at a further- improvement, although the highest quotations were not fully maintained. Mining shares experienced a better inquiry, and prices generally showred frnness. Ljondon andCounty Bank; shares w ere dealt in at from 332 to 3a, and left off 341i; Ottoman Bank shares closed 1 to 2 pm.; Bank of 13gypt, 1- to i pn.; Western of London, 21 to 1. dis. ; Lonaon and Paris, 3L to 21 dis.; Alliance Banik, 1 dis. to par; and National Discount Company, @ to i pm. Transactions continued to take place in the shares about to be issued of the Lombardo-Venetian Railway Company, and the quotation advanced to A to 8 premnium. IlR7TNAP.V RE[IARS AYT) v-.<
R4ILWA Y INTELLIGENCE. GREAT WESTRRN OF (ANATA The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in this company was held yesterday at the London Tavern, Mr. J. B. Snith, M.P., in the chair. Mr. Baker, the secretary, read the notice convening the meeting; and the report (an abstract of which appeared in MIe Times of Monday) was taken as read. The capital account showed that 4,078,5091. currency had been received. to the 31st of January last, and 3,93S,3651. currency expended, leaving a balance of 140,1431. currency. The revenue account for the half-year ending the 31st of January last showed that 331,7611. currency had been received, aid 165,6181. expended in working the traffic, 2,9541. for accidents during former half-years, and 14,9157. toss foon runningtthe steamaers Canada and America durinn the season of 1855, including 2,65a1. for insurance, snaking together 183,487T. expended, and leaving 148,2741, currency net revenue. The total revenue for the preceding half-year, ending July the 31st, 1855. amounted to 249,6931., the expenses to 126,7731., including 7,2991. for accidents, leaving 122,9201. as the net revenue. To the net revenue of 148,2741. forthe half-year ending the 31st of J5nuary last was added 2,1761.,the balance from the preceding account, making a total of 150,4501. From this was deducted 5S,SSSI. interest on loans, 5,63Sl. rent of suspension-bridge, 12,7751. for half-yearly liouidation ofGovernment loan of 700,0001., at the rate of 3 pr cent. per annum, leaving a disposable sum of 73,1491., which is equal to a dividend of 4 per cent. for the half-year, and a surplus of 3661. The CLuRAn , in moving the adoption of the report, said the recent act of Parliament required half-yearly meetings of the company to be held in Canada, at which a statement of the accounts by the directors was to be submitted. A large amount of the stock being held in England, the directors thought it right to call the shareholders together, with a view to enable them to form an opinion as to the valua and position of their proprtv. The report went fully into their affairs, and he believed it was an honest account of their undertaking. The traffic was very great, and had developed itself more rapidly than was formerly expected. l'here was, hovwever, a temporary supension of the traffic during the very severe weather that prevailed in Canada and the United States duri ng last wi^nter. They could hardly form an adequate idea of the effect of the weather on the rolling stock. On the Miichigan Central line ouit of 71 engines 42 had been disabled. Several of the cast-iron wheels, which were generally used in America, broke from the effects of the severe frost, and some of them failed from a like cause on their own Great WVeskern line. They had, however, several English engines Ni-th wrought-iron wheels, that stood vwell, and, of course, were very much better than the Americau engines. The London board had sent over w.rought. ] iron wheels to replace the cast-iron wheels on their American engines. The great increase in their traffic had rendered it necessary to proNide additional accommodation, and to incur a large outlay for rolling stock, sidings, and so forth. They were at the same time most anxious tokeep the capital account as much as possible witliin certain limits, so as to secure an adequate return for the outlay. They had suspended the doubling of the line for the present, and they w ould see from the report that the greater part of their traffc was through traffic from D)etroit to the Wia¢aa-bridge. The Mlichigoan Central Railw ay was a single line, and so wras the NTew York Central Rzailway, w hich joined thLem at the other end, so that until those lines weredoubleditwould notbe of nuchuseto double the Great Western line. They would ther .oro for the present not require the outlay of some 500,0001. for doubling the line by adding another line of rails. When the other companies proceeded to double their lines they would act accordingly. They had nowc disposed of the remaining nortion of their stock in the market, and they thought it Just to the shareholders that they should have the benefit of the issue of thiat stock. They had placed the finances of the company on a sound footing, so that when they went into the market they could get money on the best terms, and he thought the public wvould appreciate their position. lIe believed they would be able to borrow money on very low terms to pay off the Government debt, that the Government would be willing to allow them to do so, and that they would pass an act to enable the company to raise such snoney as might be deemed expedient. They would thus replace the sum now paid out of revenue aunually to the Government in part payment of the debt. That annual sum of 3 per cent. would be appropriated to a depreciation fund for the mnaintenanece of the permanent way. They wvould then be enabled to divide the wrhole of their profits every half-year without having anything further to pay for the renewal of the line. Re con- ciufua try nuormg rae aaopTion oz zne reporn ana accounts, and the approvalof the proceedings of the shareholdersatthe meeting in Canada on the 19th of March last. lir. S. HERAI'ATH called attention to the item of loss -apon the steamboats, and said it was equal to about 1I per cent. of dividenld. He hoped there would be some 5hLek upon such expenditure in future. The CaAntuaN said they were very willing to take the responsibility of all that belonged to them; but, unfortunately, they had not had an EGnglish board of directors till within the past two years. The directors in Canads were inexperienced, as many directors wwere in this country. The Michigan Central, the New York Central, and the South 3iichigan Railwvay companies had all got steamboats, under the idea that the boats would bring them traffic. The GreAt *Western directors followed the example, and expended ! 50,000. on thetwo steamboats. They had been run at a loss with the idea of increasing the traffic on the railway, but he (the chairman) beleved that the least expense would be to burn the boats. They were confined to a lake, and there was no way of getting them out, or else they might be sold for half what they cost. - Mr. S. HnEPA1THw vasg gladtohearthatthere wouldbe an end to the losa by the steamboats. He complained that the shareholders were not made acquainted with the extent of their capital at an earlier period.. There was to be 400,000l. expended on the Sarnia branch, and he had no doubt other large sums would also be expended. He was satisfied that ulmess the shareholders would set their faces against any further extensions, or any further outlav of capital than that already sanctioned, the directors would folLow in the wake of all the large companies in Mngland, and bring down the dividend to S or 4 per cent. (Hear, hear.) That which had ruined ail the English railways was the-unwarrantable increase of capital. He hoped the shareholders would firmly and unflinchingly support him in a resolution to that effect. Mr. CAoOGAhZ said he perceived by the accounts that there was a profit of 22,8391. made by the sale of shares and issue of bonds during the half-year. On a former occasion they had made a larger sum, making together G4,5001. by the sale of shares and bonds, being about 5A per cent, on their capital. He contended that the profits so made should be divided among the present shareholders. The profits so ymade would give them 2 per cent. dividend for the halfyear. As nine-tenths of the stock was held in England, he thought that the shareholders and directors in Amierica should not have the disposal of their funds. Mr. L. HEJMWORTH, M.P., remarked, that if there had been a loss instead of a gain they would have had to make it up on the same principle. He liked to see the accounts clear, and if they had sustained losses on capital account they should be deductedfrom the gains so made. It would le for the shareholders to deal with the balance. There were losses on the steamboats of 14,0001., and other matters, which -would have to be considered. lMr. Hoyss said they had paid 44,0001. for commissions on the sale of shares and honds, which might be considered as a loss, and ought to form a deduction from the profits alluded to. He did not approve of the way in which the accounts were kept, and thought theyrequired improvement. They had an increase of 83,0D00. in the traffic reCei ts, and in the expenditure of 50,000. he thought that 40,W1. wouldhave been sufficient for the extra expenses. He objected to paying offthe Government loan out of revenuej and contended that it ought to be paid off out of capital raised for the purpose. Mr. PqrrTr was glad to hear the opinion of the chairman in respect to the steamboats. They were not justified in employing steamboats under the circumstances. He was opposed to branches, hut he thought that the extension to Siarnin should be comapletedais soon as possible. The Cu rsia~ said the shareholders had received 6 per cent. during the construction on the paid-up capital, and the sum so paid amounted to 150,0001. They had paid 44,S02!. as commissions on the sale of bonds and shares, and, although they had made the profit of 64,0001. by the sale of shares 'and bonds, they must set the losses against it. There was 50,000?. paid for steamboats, which 'was a loss to the capital account. The hon. proprietor would find that there was no gain to divide and that the proper course had been adopted with regard! the capital account. With regard to the Sarnia line, 70,0001. had been expenided on it; the contractor would reouire 100,000!. comnpensation to give up the contract, and the total cost of the branch wrould be 350.000!.; it wvas therefore thought advisable to proceed with it, as 170,000!. might he considered as expended. The line would be completed in about two vears from the present tnme, The Secretary, at the request of Mr. GELL, a director, read a resolution passed by the board with respect to the profitmade on shares, which was to the effect that the amount be placed to a suspense account. In reply to questions, it was stated that the company had issued 12.5,0001. municipal bonds to the contractors at 80 per cent, discount, and they had now 20,0001. of them, for which they could not get above 7D per cent. The vice-president of the corepany had 1,500!. a-year currency, the managing director, Mr. Bridges, had 1,5001. currency a-year, and the other directors were allowed 400!. currency a-year among them. Mr. GrnL stated that when the English directors came into office about two years ago they fonud everything in the greatest confusion. The COHxtsrsN explained that Mr. Radcliffe, the vicepresident. representedthe English directors at the Canada board, and he sent them information every week as to howv things were going on in Canada, aud had given them great satisfaction. The difference at the Canada board had arisen from the managing director assuming a power which was not for the interest of the railway. Mr. CADoGAt moved as an amendment that the profits from the sale of shares and loans be placed to a suspense account, but after some conversation he withdrew his amendment. The report was then unanimously adopted, and a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent. per annum for the half-year was declared payable on the 21st inst. Mr. S. HlkR&PuATIu then brought forward his motion for restricting the cxpenditure of capital on the undertaking - but it was explained that a similar resolution was passed at the last meeting, and that it was still in force. It was agreed to inrease the allowance to the unpaid directors to 2,0090. currency a-year, and the proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the English directors. GEELONlG AD N 1dELBOURNE. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Geelong on the 1st of January last; Mr. C. N. Thorno in thbe chair. The report adverted to the facilities afforded by the London agencyinregardto the execution of orders for materials, plant, &c., and the conduct of the monetary and official requirements of the company. Contracts had been entered into in England for the supply of every requisite for the railway, from rails, engines, &c., to lamps for stations, carriages, &c. The wharfage facilties of the company inCoriobay had proved exceedingly valuable in the landing of the materials, carriages, and locomotives. The works on the line continued to progress, and fresh contracts were shortly to be entered into for the completion of the railway, the temporary suspension of the works duringthe winter months having terminated. The Permanent -way from the pier to the terminus at Geelong, five miles in length, was finished, and thence to Cowie's Creek and the Duck Ponds would in a few weeks be in working order. The line generally was so far advanced that it was expected to be opened for traffic in July next. The report and accounts were unanimously adopted. It was stated that 233,33!. had been expended, and that the contracts in progress in the colony and in England were estimated at about 110,0001. Mr. Alderman BRIGHT expressed an opinion that the line when completed would produce from 10 to 15 per cent. per annum on the outlay. The PBESInxr (3fr. Therne) said be had gone nminutely into the probable traffic and expenditure, andwas of opinion that the return would he from 20 to 25 per cent, per annum on the outlay. The meeting, after passing some formal resolutions, separ-ated. TRAFFIC RETURNS. bElea Pa5- Mer- Total, Tobl PAIlWaY& open. seugers. thandise. 1S56. 185S Week ending March 30. Caledoniau. 1911 .. .. .... 10063 .. 6 .. AM -North Staffordshire ,. 233 . . - .. - .. 7,1SI.. 5,815 Great Northern .. =.. 2 55 - ., - .. 21,S26 .. 20,796 Week ending April 5. Cork, Blacrocl;, and Pas- sage 15- .. - . . 7 .. 139 Gork and Bandon .. 20 - - .. . 274 - 27 Week ending April 6. tLondonandNorth-Western 53j .. - .. - .. 5S,352 .. 55,228 IManchester, Sheffield, and 11neolas1ire .. .. 1731.. - .. 8.73S 8,9M North London .. 9 2,093 2,175 London and South-Weste - 9,554 ..4,031 .. 13,585 ..;14.954 Belast and County Down - . . -. - .. 241 .. 2n Week ending April 7. Belfast andBalymena - .. 542 .. 343 .. 90 . 72 * Exclusive of traffic duo under agreement with the Bondon and North-Westem Railway Company. t Exclusive of the trfic of the }Nudderafield Canal Shrpophire Uynion, North Union, Preston and Wyre, South Junction, MWanchester and Buxton, and Buckingasmiro lallways. t Incleing half of the Manchester, South Jumctioo ana Altrincbam roeeipta. Griab' Dlock dutiea. &e.. and Chostedield Canl receipt. § Good Friday and Easter Sunday.
IRONMASTERS' QUATERBLY MEETINGS. WOLVERHAMPTO0, WED2YESDAY. The quarterly meeting of the ironmasters of South Staffordshire and East Worcestershire was held in the Exchange of this towvn to-day. The attendance was by no means numnerous, but most of the principal firms were represented. The tone of the iron-market is even better thban it was at the preliminary meeting held in Birmingham a fortnight ago. a of the leading makers are in arrear of orders, aud the vices recently received from America evidence a decided improvement in that market. The chief drawback complained of to-day was, the high rate of interest charged for money, although unquestionably the decrease which must now necessarily occur in the denmand for iron required in the building of ganboats and ships-of-war will male a material difference in the production of some descriptions of iron: still a large increase is anticipated in the ma'ke for general purposes. It was remarked that at the present time there is an entire absence of speculation, and every appearance of the trade being in a healthy state. lt is scarcely correct thatunderselling of the best makes has prevailed to any great extent. The bars which have been offered at 8L per ton. are made from cinder pigs, froml5s. to 20s. perton chleaper than those fromwhich the best marked iron is manufactred :None of the standard houses are underselling. Most of them have abundant orders on hand at 9l. per ton, and several are reluctant to undertake further commissions even at that figure. The pig market continues remarkably firm, with a tendency to a fmtheradvance. The great meeting of the quarter wil be held in Birmingham to-morrow, when a large attendance of persons interested in the iron trade from all parts of the locality is expected. Att the meeting held at Walsall yesterday the payments of hills for saddlers' and other ironnmongey wrere met with promptitde, andthe proceedings of the dasyfor the most part passed off satisfactorily.
[Advertisement.]-On Tuesday last came on the election f10 GoTernor and DeYAtY-Governor of the Bank of England for the year ensuing. when ommas Matthia Weguelin. Eeq., 'v chosen Governor, andSheffield7eve, E ..D^y-DUtyovernor; andyeaterday came on the election for 21 Directrs for the year ensuiung, _whn the
JUDI AZ COWMIT--EE OP 2'MYY COUT0CIZ I W)esdnday, 4pli-il '. TIM2SEP !D THE HON. 3LST IbDI& COA3 y _Y. - DYCE SO39BRE, TROUP, A2%D SOLAMOT.T I{Before jr. P7RTroN LEiGa, Sir EnwDvAf j.? Dr. L s andGTOo, - Lrds Jutics ]KNIGHT BA'ox and tp_ % The QUEE'S AnVOCATE, inp urs,uing his argumenf caled the attention of their 1ordships to the Iennanenc andthe insane character of the - delusions entertained 'By MIr. Dyce Sombre respecting his wife's infidelity. lDr. OI rated that in 1847 the deceaed sti laboured mnder the im. pression of her uilt, and that his r trctation did not a pear genuine. flis own account of his hast interview wit her, which tooh plsce in November r 1, was one of the strongest proofs that the impression ti remained. Several witnesses deposed to its eontinuance in 1SS1 Whenand where was proof to be foud of his complete ere ofthat aecusion?rA1X that cohld be sad weasthat he did not aloays repeatitin the samewords and refer tothesxme place, time and person. Eis habits and conditlon at Paris towards the close of his life were evidence of his continuing insanity, There was not race trae hem nothe earlier Dart of tne ease, or even othen he first went to Paris. oue was fre. quentloins a state f intoxication, and, indeed, utimatel drank himself to deth; hut that would not aecount for the whole of his conduct. There were patsages in his "refute. tion" wmhich showed thathe had not lost his delusions. The learned advocaFte tlten reviewved the various medical exanilnations which had taken place, and contended that they incontestably proved that he continued to believe to the last both in the ifidelity of his vife and thle illegitimacy of his sister. There was 3nothing in his prior testamentary paners leading upto the main features of the will now propouned. While the rou"h di-au-lit of it was being converted into a fair draugt thea Lord Chancellor )pronounced *a judgment deciding that the deceased was mad. It had been said that it vas an officious will, but 'le contended that it was inofficious so far as cutting off the -^idow was concerned. The sisters, it was said, had been well provided for, they had received about 30,O000. each. That might have been verywell if the deceased's property had amounted to 100,000?. or 200,000?. only ; but it was a different question looking at its very large amount. The bequest in favour of the East India Company was in direct violation of every declaration which ke had before made-in fact, he had cherished the most intense hatred against them. He repre. sented them as having been involved in a conpiracy against him, and as having induced his vwfe to commit incestuous adultery. By the will, however, he had placed his revenue intheir hands, had given the directors legacies individually, and had provided for a gentleman who was not a 3member of the Company, but whose duty was rather to control them. It certaifly was an eccentric will, and in someparts as zuearly as possibly amounted to foUy. The deceased had been prompted, advised, and prepared to pass his examina. tionsbefore, andimposeupon,themedicalmenbybIr. Prinsen Mr. lsahon, and Lord Combermere. In the position which Mr. Prinsep held it was incumbent upon him to produce Mfr. Mahon as a witness, or to account for his non-production. 'What was to be said about the mysterious award in favour of Mr. Lshon, which had been most strongly conn-mented upon by ord Cottenham9 There were outstanding claims on the part of the deceased's estate apnist the Ea3st India Company; it therefore became a most important question as to who should have the administration of his affairs. The East India Company were not disinterested trustees acting for the people of India, but -were exactly in the position of Mr. Prinsep. If their Lordships listened to any of the observations made on behalf of the respondents, they -would not be in a position to reverse the judgment of the Court below, even as to eosts. It did not followv that, because if they had heard the case originally they might not have condemned the appellants in costs in the very same manner as the learned Judge had done, they would re-verse his decision. The SoLicIToR-G.NErAL followed on the same side. Their Lordships had now to consider whether the afflrmative of this issue had been proved by the appellantsnamely, that 15r. Dyce Sombre, having been a decided lunatic, the comnission of lunacy having been properly refused to be superseded in 1844, 1846, and 1847, there were symPtOms and sigts of the recovery of his understanding in 1848, which recovery was complete at the dates of the will and codiciL The admissions made on the other side, that it would be madness to deny that the deceased had been mad, overthrew all the pleadings of the appellants, and all the assertions which had been brought forward in opposition to the allegation of the respondents Those admissions destroyed entirely the whole body of medical evidence produced by the appellants. That evidence was to the efect that things which in another man would be insane delusions were inmthe deceased the natural suggestions of his origmal temperament, of his original education, and of the character of h ind, and were to be accounted for on that principle. Theydimi ssed,therefore, thenotion of insanity. There was, however, latent disease, for there were certain symptoms, which symptoms were sufficient to prove its existence. The delusions as to his wife, wliieh occupied his mind in 1843, continued down to his dying hour. There was no medical witness who said thathis recovery was com- Their Lordships rose at 4 o'clockl, when the case was adjourned until to-morrow (this day).
ZAW V REPORT. COURT OF CITANTCFRY La7rnT-Tm'-E. APRTT. 9 JIN ICE DAINESS rPATENT. (Bcforc thc LoRD CHANCELLOR.) TI'his part-heard petition, praying to have the great seal affixed to a patent claimed by Daines for aU improved nmode of treating surfaces of stone, plaster, and cement, forthe preservation of the same from decay, wvas this morning resumed. The application nas opposed by a person nained Hives, the assignee of a patent granted some vears back to a MIx. Earrett, for an invention in the mode of indurating porous stone, &ac., and which patent was afterwards, by a license deed between Hives and Daines, arranged to be worked for their joint benefit. The grounds of opposition were that the alleged invention was similar in its nature to that of Barrett's patent, and that Daines had been guilty of mala ?es and deceptior. in not disclosing to Eives whatever struck him as an improvement during the time he was working Barrett's patent. The Attorney-General had certified thatthe twvo processes were distict, and the petition sought the confirmation and carryin out of that report. The invention is of conuderable value, being largely used on the external wails of the Nev allace of wedsminster and other pablic buildings. A great number of affidavits were read on each side, but the only thing noticeable in the judgment of the Court was that, although the patent was directed to issue, terms were imposed upon the patentee. Mr. Fooks appeared for the petitioner, and Mr. Webster (of the common law bar) for .ives. The LoRD CsH&wCELLoR ordered the patent to be sealed, and to bear the same date it would have done if there had beex no opposition, upon the following condition-namely, that Daines undertook to assign the patent to Hives, subject to the same arrangements, as to license and otherwise, made between Hives and Daines in respect of Barrett's invention. The case would be in the paper next Wednesday, to give Hives an opportunity of considering whether he would elect to tahke the benefit of the proposed arrangement. Mr. Selwyn and Mr. Cairns, having been appointed two of Her Majesty's counsel, were this day calledwithin the bar.
ROULS' COURT, CANIRIy-LAF, AriL 9. wTWrrnTrR V- fT.TVTCnfl WiCtore the TLASTER oftJte±ROLIS.1 His HINOUP. gave judgment in this case, which came before the Court as to the construction of the will of Sir Robert Clifton, of Clifton-hall, Nottingham, dated the 7th of December, 1S32, and whether, under this will, a question of election was raised with respect to certain family estatea that had, previously to the date of the will, been settled to definite trusts. The particulars of the cazs are without interests except to the parties immediately affected, and it is sufficient to state that the Court held the question of election did arise, andmade a declaration to that effect. Mr. Selwyn and Mr. Cairns, having been made Qaeen's counsel, were invited by the Master of the Rolls to take their seats within the bar.
VICE-CHANCETL101S' COURTS.WIEDIESDAY. APiRm 9. l,EW QUEln'S COUNSEL. (Before Vicc-rh7tn4v7lor Sir R-- T: KTw7)vmrrvY. ar. ;elwyn alid Ar. Uairns were tlis morning called within the bar of this court upon being appointed two of Her3lUajesty's counsel. EVANS V. COVENTRY. This suit originally came on upon a motion for an injunction and receiver before his Honour, who refused to make any order, on the ground that the plaintiffs and those whom they represented minght incur detriment if it was ranted. On appeal, however, to the Lords Justices their prdshis thought otherwise, and made an order upon the motion or inin-tion and receiver. The cause now came to * hearing, and the case WaS shortly this :-In the year 1820 a company was formed entitled the General Benefit Life In. surance Company, to which was subsequently added a concern m the nature of a banhint business bearing the name of "The City of Inondon Loa4 Company," which was 3 registered under the 5th and Gth William IV., which ultimately were blended under the title of " The General Benefit Life and Health Loan Society," with a capital of 50,000i. over and above the premiums, as appeared in the circulars, the deed of settlemint, and rules and regulations. This company carried on business from theyear 1820 to the year 1854, when in the month of September Jolh Brydie, the secretary, absconded, as was alleged, with a large sum of money, and the office in Farringdon-street being closed, and the directors who managed the concern .sspending business, application was made to the Lord Mayor, and ultimately this bill was filed by the plaintiff and several other persons, clainming to represent 21,000 insurers, against the managing directors and certain shareholders in the company, some of whom had subscribed to the deed of settlement, and some being the purchasers of shares, and havingreceived dividends, claiming a lien on the funds of the company, and seeking to make the directors liable in respect of certain alleged breaches of trust, in having omitted to take sueicient security from John Brydie, the secretary, and having actod in other matters contrary to the rules ; for an inquiry and account, and a declaration that the property and estate of certain shareholders mght be declared liable to pay what remained unpaid on their shares. The defendants were not either holders of shares, or holders of shares and directors, or depositors. Some had merely permitted their names to be ased 'without puablicly eiaclaimig such authority, and. others were actuil directors and managers. The insurances effected dining the 3 years that the company <carried on business mere individually of small amount, and among the humbler clases of society, for sums varying from 201. to MW., and allowances of a few shillings weekly durisg-sickness. Thecompanywas caried on ander a deed 'o settlement, wiereby the capital was fixed at 50,0001. in DOZ. ahares, withl a deposit of 21. l0s.each, t!h company to consist of five trustees, secretary, treasurer, 15 directo3rs chairman, deputy-clhairman, and.three auditors, not being directors, with medical and other usual officers, for theypur po.se3 of insurances on life, during sie;ness, and. snvivSr ship, the servants of the company to give security; and there were provisions for the invesmient and accumulatiol of nappclied f.uds and as to the geserl administr5tiQfl.
COUBT of BALYKRUPTCY, Basinghall-3tree, April 9. IS RE MtORRIS. (Before dar. Commiswioner FOzBLANQuE.) The bankrupt was a straw-hatmaker of Boston. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Lavwrance supported. Mr. ROBzSON-, for the assignees, said the bankrupt's accounts commenced in July, 1853, w.ith a deficiency of 1,0001., and closed with debts, 2,0781.; assets, about 150?. Notwithstanding this state of affairs the bankrupt had continued to meet his bills regularly, ui to the last moment. He must have been an extraordinary financier. lis HoxNorP. said the bankrupt would receive a secondclass certificate, after six months' suspension, Nith protection. (Before Mr. Commissioner Goutnunx.) EThere were several cases before the Court, of minor public interest, in which the learned Commissioner deferred judgment.
ILYSOLYE2LTT DEBTORS' COURT, April 5. LS RE WlLLAX IL BARDS. (Befoe1 the COTF Co2ImmsIoNnER.) lhis nsolvent, wvho had been a plumber and income-tax collector at Erith, appeared to Teceive the judgment of the Court. Mr. Reed opposed for Mr. Jaznis, a builder at Erith, and MIr. Sargood, with Mr. Macrae, supported. The cormplaint was fraud in the contracting of the debt with Thr. Jar-is in some building at Erith. AMr. Jarvis had obtained a judgment against the insolvent for 1921., and under the Common LI-w Procedure Act sougnt to make the debts owing to the insolvent available for his claim. The answer was that the insolvent had filed his petition in this court, but the Court of Common Pleas ordered the sums to be paid into court, and then it would become a question w-hether Mr. Jan-is or the assignee of the estate was entitled to the money. A composition of 5s., as alleged by the insolvent, had been offered to the opposing creditor. On the schedule the debts owing by the insolvent were 1,0461. 15s. 2d., and to hin 2711. 7s. 6d. The case had been before the Court on two former occasions. The CHRFA ComDnsSSIOsn held that the debt with Mr. Jarvis had been contracted by false representations, and pronounced a judgment of nine calendar months at his suit from the vesting order in January. LN RE HIERMAIN CURTIS. This insolvent, who bad been a wine merchant in St. Mary-axe, came up for adjudication. 31r. Dow se opposed and Mr. Denney supported. The ease stood over to pay 2001. into couirt, which had not been done, and a judgment wvas prayed. It appeared a number of debtors had been wvritten to and "31" letters returned through the Dead-letter-office. After some inquiry on the subject the case was adjourned to Friday for amendments. (Before Mr. Commivsioner MrRix y.) IN RE HENRY COE COA. E. This case, which has been before the Court on former occasions, was appointed to be heard on an application for a final order under the Protection Act. Mr. Dows-e appeared to oppose, and Mr. Sargood supported. A number of wvitnesses were in attendance, but the insolvent did not make his appearance. After -waiting some time forhim the case was struck out of the list and the protection ceased. TSNR JAM5ES NV. EUr.EON, This insolvent, a corndealer, &c., at Stratford, Essex, applied for his final order. Mr. Caarteen opposed for a Mr. Tanahill, and Mr. Sargood supported. It appeared that Mr. Tanahill belonged to the Stratford Bread and Flour Economical Association, and the insolvent sued him for 731. due by the society (which was still owing), but, as he was not the proper person to sue, a nonsuit was entered, at an expense of 471. and upwards to him. A long inquiry took place as to some horses and transactions wMith the insolvent and his brother. Mr. Commissioner MtRPuY gave his opinion on the case, and concluded by expressing his pleasure at granting the finai order.
[Advertisement.]- Religious Denonoinations.-In royal So, price Is. "Sketches of the R1eligious Denominations of the Present Day," with particular notices of the Church of England, Tresbyteriann, Independents, Baptists. Society of Friens, Unitarians ?,tormuus, Roman Catholics. Catholic and Apostolic Church, Foreign Chnurches, nC., to which is added the Census, comprising the number of each denomination. from the official report of omeoe Mamn, Esq. -- We are now able to ascertain the entire number of places of wvorship, the particular sects to which they respectively belong, the numbe of rsittin.s provided by each sect, and the actual attendance on a given day. It ilt servc to show how the country has gromn into that state of comparative relgious freedom wvhich so strikingly contrasts with the ages that have passedaway." London, George Routledge and Co.. Farrinzidon-street. [Advertisement.j-"Eastern Hospitals and English 2Snrses: the 2Narrative of Twelve Mlonths? Experience in the lospita!3 of Koulali and Scutari." by a Lady Volunteer, in 2 vols., with illustrat.ous. 21s. boumd. This work is juist pubGlshed by Messrs. Hurst and itl1ckett, andl may be had of all bookselers throughout the kingdom. Also, just publishcd, "Journal of Adventures with the Eritish Arry," from the Commencement of the War to the Fal of Sebastopol, by George Cavendish Taylor, late 95th Itegiment, in 2 vols., 2LC " The evidence these volumes contain is exceedingly valuable. The real state of things is here exhibited in trua colours."-John Bull. Hurst and Backett, publishers, 13, GreatIMarlborough-street. (Advertisement.J-The new novel, "' Mlargaret and her Brndesmaids," by the author of " Woman's Devotion," is now realy a.t aU the lioraries, in 3 voLs. " A large measure of popularity may be predicted for this novel. The characters are drawn vith great ability and knowledge of hluman nature."-Moernig Post. " A production of no ordinary talent. It bears a charm. in its pages that attracts irresistibly."-Sun. " The femiinine grace and attractive manner of the writer ar the same as ever."-Spectator. Also, jest ready, in 3 vol., - John Halifax, Gentleman." by the auithor of " The Head (of the Family, n&c. Hurst and Blackett, publishers, successors to Henry Colburn, 13, Great Marlborough-street. [AdvertLsement.j-.' Clara, or Slave Life in Europe," 'with a preface bySirArchi oaldAlison. Bart.. second edition, 3 vols. "Much suveriortoordinary English tales, and has the additional advantage of ceiog quite new to Enclish readers It is a satirical novel, suggestet by the popularity of Uncle Tom's Cabin,' and the satire is continuous and all-pervading. 'Monte Christi' is forcibly recaDed to mind; is rminds one of Alexandre Duimass wonderful invention and skid in story-tellng. It is very varied, and the inmrest Is incessant fromr be ginning to end.'-Globe. tAdvertisement.)-The Eclectic Series of Volumes, uniform in size and price, averaging from 550 pages to 650 pages, beautifuy printed, 12mo, superior antique cloth, price Gs. eacb, sold together or Eeparate. Recently pubUshed, fth edition. " TruthafIusteated by Great Anthors,"a Dictionary of 4,QC0 Aids to Reflectionand Quotatior, derivtd from the works of ShaksPeare and other great Poets, Divines, and Philosophers, from the earliest ages to the present time, in prose and verse, arranged ona newplan to faciltate continuous re", g or instant reference. Also, just published, " The Beauty of Holiness,' a coUection of upwards of 2,t00 of the most sublime reliective and spiritual passages, selected for their practicability from the Holy Scriptures, and arranged for daily or occasional use and instantreferenee. " As a daily manual, and a -vade mccum, we have seen nothing to equal it."-Christian Witness, Also, in the press " Songs of theSoul." tlexived from the writings of British, continental, and transatlantic authors, ancient and modern, original and translated, and now for the first time colected. London, WilliamrWhite, 70, Piccadilly, and of any bookseller. (Advertisement.]-"' The Pirates of the lssssippm."-In fSa,p Ovo, price ls. Cd., fancy boards, or free by post for 20 stamps, "Ti e Pirates of the Mississippi," by Frederick Gerstacker. This is ro fiction, but a true narrative of wild, daring, and exciting adventure. The scene of the story is laid upon one of the islands that stied the "rnsght3Ldssrqsspp" w vchere shbaud of pirites had fisedtheir retreat. nd from whieh nightly excursions were mde, carrying terror and desolaticn for miles roun. The inidents with which the tale is re-- F ete are narrated in language to clear and expressive that the interest of the reader is enlisted in the first thapter and thoroughly sustained 'to the e cd. Londlon,CSeosge Rloulledge alnd Co., Faxringdon-street.,
CETYAL CiMIZAL COUBr, Apiiz 9. OIO COURT. (Before Mr. Justice CRtEsswELL and AMr. Jbsttce CRnMoTON.) THE UXBR-DGE 3IURDERS. Elizabeth Anne Harris, 25, a good-looking young woman, with an infant, apparently aboutthree months' old, in her arms, was indicted for the wilful murder of her female child, known by the name of Ellen. There was a second indictment against the prisoner, charging her -with the murder of another child, named Agnes. The prisoner, who appeared to be in a very weak condition, pleaded "Not Guilty" to both indictments. The case that was proceeded with wvas the charge of murdering the child Ellen. During the trial the prisoner was seated, and it was evident that she was unable to stand. MIr. Bodkin and Mr. Clerk conducted the prosecution Mr. Sleigh Nas counsel for the prisoner. The learned connsel for the prosecution, in opening the caseto the jury, said it was his painful duty to state to them the circumstances of this most painful case, aud he was afraid that when they had heard the evidence that it would be his duty to lay before them, they would have no alternativebutto sayby their verdict thatthe prisoner was guilty of the crime imputed to her by the present indictment. The charge against her was that of having committed the crime of wilful murder upon the body of her own child, five years old, and it would bouseless to endeavour to conceal from them the fact that at the same time this offence was alleged to have been committed, and in all probability by the same act, the prisoner deprived another child of life by throwinT them both into the canal, near l'xbridge. The prisoner was an unmarried woman, but it appeared that she had three illegitimate children, two of whom were those whose deaths were the subject of inquiry, and the third the baby that was now in her arms. It seemed that at the time of the fatal occurrence she had taken her children out of the union workhouse, where she and they had been living for some time, with the avowed intention of going to join the father of her last child, who was living at Portsmouath, and it was to be feared that, finding the two older children were likely to be an encumbrance to her, and knowing that the man vhom she ,as about to join was net in a condition to sup Iot them, she had recourse to the dreadful expedient of taing their lives, and thus relieving herself of the burden they entailed .uPVn-x. A.JU l MtUne UUVLtnUi tans procceEen WgXvea brief narrative of the principal facts of the case, and the following Nwitnesses were examined:- EllenWalker, examined by Mr. CLERK.-The prisoner is my sister. She had three childreni at the beginning of this year. She was unmarried. Two of the children 'were named Ellen and Agnes, and Fanny was the name of her last baby. I remember seeing the prisoner with the two older children on Friday, the 15th of February, at 11 o'clock in the morning. She had been twice in the workhouse, [and had left it on that morning. I met her in Cowley-road, near Uxbridge. I spoke to her, and walked on; and she told me she was going to Potsmouth, and that she was going to take the three children with her. She had not enough money, she said, to pay her fare, and she sent to me in the afternoon to bolrow 2s. I understood sho was going to the father of the last child. I sent her the money she asked for and some refreshment t'o help her on her journey. I saw the dead bodies of the two children, Ellen and Agnes, on the following morning, at the Anglers' The witness wvas very much affected while giving her evidence, and wvept bitterly. By Mr. SLExr.cs.-The prisoner always appeared very kind to her children. Elizabeth Wallker, the daughter of the last vitness, said,I remeinber the day on which the twvo children vere drowned. I had beein to the workhouse that morning, and saw the prisoner and her three children, and we all came away from the workhouse together and vwent to Mr. Tollett's publichonse at WFest Drayton, and left the prisoner there. I went there again about 6 o'clock in the evening, and found the prisoner there wvith her three children. I gave her 2s. and some bread and butter. In a short time the prisoner went out with Ellen and Agnes, and I nursed the haby while she was gone. She told me she wvas going to look for a bed for the clUdren ; but I did not know where she was 'oin A person named Cozens keeps a publichouse near Drayton. The prisoner -was absent about 20 minutes, and she camie back without the children, She took her luggage to the railway station, and then returned and took the baby and put me into the omnibus to go back to Uxbridge. By *Mr. SLEIGII-The morning of this day was rainy. I do not know whether it was necessary to cross the canal in order to get to Cozens's publichouse from Tollett's. Joseph Goodall said,-I am a labourer, and live at Yarnsley, near Uxbridge. There is a bridge over the Grand Junction Canal at Yarnsley. On the evening the bodies of the children were found in the canal I was close to the bridge, and I saw the prisoner with two children near the towing-path. She went from the towing-path into the UTbridge-road. I sav her again aboutthree minutes after this, apparently conag back again, and the children were still with her. She made some inquiry of me about a Mr. Turton, a shoemaker, and I told her where he lived, and she 'went avay in that direction. I saw her a third time, on the Colbam-bridge, which is another bridge over the canal, about half-past 7 o'clock. She had no children with her then, and she appeared to be going towards the railway station. As the prisoner passed ine she asked me wvhom I was speaking to. A young wvoman was with me, and she said, "-No," andtheprisonerthen walkedawray. Isaw theprisoner .again about S 'clock the same evening, near Yarnsleybridge, and she then had the baby in her arms. I saw nothinginore of the prisoner after this, and later in the evening |sawthe dead bodies of the children lying on the banks of the canal close to Yarnaley-bridge, at the spot where I had first seen the prisoner. The bodies were afterwards taken to the Anglers publichouse. By Mr. SLEISC.-When I wvas upon the bridge wvith the youngwomantheprisonerpassedus in avery hurried manner. There was nothing to induce the prisoner to suppose that I had spoken to her when she addressed me. Mary Ann Goodall said,-I am the sister of the last vitness, and live at Yarnsley, which is on the road to Uxbridge. About a quarter past 7 o'clock in the evening the bodies were found in the canal. I was standing alone near the bridge, and saw the prisoner with three children, Ellen, Agnes, and the baby. Shle walk-ed on a short distance towvards 'Yarnsley, and in about ten miniutes came back towvards me. She was alone at the time, and she appeared to come in a direction from the towing-path. At this time I observed something hanging before her. About a quarter of an hour afterwards I sa-w the bodies of the twvo chiidren that had been taken out of the canal. They iucre on the sane side the prisoner came from the last time I saw her. Thomas Whsyman, a labouring man, said,-On Friday evening, the 15th of February, I -was crossing Yargsleybnrdge, about half-past 7 o'clock, and I observed two objects floating on the surface of the vater. I went down to the water's edge, and saw two children in the water. I pulled the eldest out first, and then the other. They -were both quite dead. Tlle children were dressed. I laid the bodies on the side of the canal, and then went for assistance, and a doctor was sent for. MNfr. Warden, a surgeon of IUxbridge, proved that he exanmined the bodies of the unfortunate children about halfpast 9 o'clock the same evening. There -were no external ijuries that would account for their death, and he had no doubt they bad died from suffocation in the water. Mr. Cozens said,-I keep the Railway Arms publichouse, which is close to the West Drayton station. There is another publichouse on the opposite side, kept by a Mr. Tollett, to which there is access under the railway bridge. On the day on which the bodies of the children were found theprisoner came' to my house, about a quarter before 2 'clock in the afternoon. She had uo c.hildren with her at that time. She made some inquiries of me about getting to Portsmouth, and I gave her some information upon the subject. She then wished to know whether she and a baby could he accommodated vith a bed, and I told her they could. She went away, and about 7 o'clock she brought a bundle, and she left and returned about S o'clock with a baby. Soon after this the officers came and took her into custody. The prisoner mentioned no other children than a baby. By fr. SSLEIGH.-.I amn sure the prisoner asked for a bed for herself and a baby. Joseph IL Taylor said,-I ant a poEce-constable, and, in consequence of information I received relating to the bodies of two children being found in the canal, I went to Cozens's publichouse and found the prisoner there. She had a baby in her arms. I asked her where she came front when she came there, and she replied, "From Uxbridge." I then asked her where she was going, and she said to I'addington. I told her the reason I asked the question was that two children had been found drowned in the canal at Yarnsley, and she answered the description of the person who was seen with them shortly before. She said she did not know where Yarnsley was. Joseph Goodall then came in and identified the prisoner, and I took her into custody. Before this the prisoner had said she wished to correct herself,-she was not going to Paddington, but to Basingstoke. On our way to the police station we had to pass the Anglers publichouse, and I and the prisoner went into the room there where the dead bodies were, and I told her they were the children that had been found drowmed, and the prisoner went towards them and kissed them both, and said, "- They are my children; I brought them out of the union this morning." She made no other observation. I found a bundle and a basket in the possession of the prisoner. 13By31r. SLEIGsu.-I showed a hat and a jacket that I took out of the bundle to the little girl Ellen Walker on the following day. The matter was investigated by the magistrates on the day after the bodies were found. A policeman naumed Masters was present, but he was not examined as a witness. Mary Smith said,-I act as searcher at the Hillingdon police-station, and I searched the prisoner the same night she was brought there in custody. I said to her, " Oh dear, oh dear ! are you aware what you have been doing ?" She replied, "II ani perfectly aware wviat I have been doing." On the same evening the wife of one of the inspectors came into the room where I and the prisoner were, and she said she wondered the prisoner had not served the bady the same, and the prisoner then said, "This one has a father; the others had not." By Mr. SLEIGE.-I was examined before the coroner, and g.ave the same evidence I have to-da. Mr. SLEIGU (to the witness).-And I believe the coroner's jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned 2' MIr. Justice CRESSaWELL interfered, and said, however serious a case[might be, he must enforce regularity in the proceedings. The learned counsel had no right to inquire into what took place before the coroner. Mir. William Timewell, a police-inspector, who was on duty at the police-station at Hillingdon when the pri. soner was brought there, said,-When I was about to enter the charge agaist the prisoner I told her it was a very serious charge, and anything she might say would be told to I the magistrates. She then gave her name, and said that she had left the workhouse that morning, and she was going to seek a home, and she could not leave her children behind her. ;Stephen Masters, a police constable, snid,-On the nighlt the prisoner was brought to the Dolice station I wasin tho same room with her and had her in charge. She was about to.address me, when I cautioned her, and told her that what she said would be repeated again to the magistrate. After this caution she said that she wishedherbabywasin heaven too. Sheadded that she had seen so much trouble lately that she nad no .wish to live. She then said that she hoped that some lettersthat had been taken from her would not be shown in court; they were from the father of her last child, and he had no knowledge of what she was going to do with the children. She then said the father of the child was at Portsmouth, and he wished her to go to him; but she could not take the children with her, and she would rather see them drowned, than in the charge of others. She then said that she took them down to the canal and threw them into the water, and they neither, cried nor screamed. The prisoner added that she had told her sister that she was going toputthe twochildren tobedat Mr.Tollett's, and she askedme ifpeople did not sinkwhen they were thrown into the water. I toldherI could not say, and she then said " They did not sink, or else they would not have been found.'" She added, "Idid not stay to look at them more than a minute." I gave a written statement of all the prisoner had said to the inspector a day or two afterwards, and I was in attendance at the magistrates'.oflice, but was not examined. By DE: SIEIGII.-I went into the roomwhere theprisoner was coniined about 10 o'clock at night. Mrs. Smaith was present part of the time the conversation was going on. The statement was all made within a period of halt an hour, and Mrs. Smith heard part of it. This closed the case for the prosecution. Mr. SLEIGH then addressed the jury for the defence in a most impressive speech. After observing upon the melancholy position of the prisoner, he said that, however great was the responsibility that devolved upon him, as counsel for her, a far greater one rested ulpon them, for there could be no doubt that upon the verdict theyWould pronounce the lfe of the prisonerdepended. He was sure, therefore, that they would not come to a concluson that -would entail such dreadful results unless they felt that the evidence was so entirely concIusive as to leave no possible doubt of the guilt of the prisoner; and the question forthem to consder was whether afl possble doubt was excluded, and whether they nizht not, under all the circumstances, feel themselves justified in returning a ver. dict that wouldhavethe effect of saving the life of the wretched woman whose fate was in their hands. The learned coumsel then proceeded to comment on the facts of the case, and said that, even supposing the jury should feelthemselves compelled to come to the conclusion that the prisoner had thrown these unhappy children into the water, the actmight veryreasonably be considered as having been committed under the impulse of sudden frenzy, created by the miserable circumstances in which she was placed, and they would be quite justified upon the facts in saying that she was not responsible for the act. He then went on to say that the evidence by no means made out that the pisoner had thrown the children into the water, and he contended that all the facts that had been proved were equally consistent with the suggestion that the children had fallen accidentally into the water. Mrr. Justice CRESSvELL, in his summing uip, said that it was now his duty to assist the jury in coming to a right conclusion uipon the important inquiry in which they were engaged, and he must observe that himself and the jury were in a very different position from that of the counsel for the accused. It was the duty of the counsel for a prisoner to exert all his ingenuity for the safety and interest of his client; but the duty the jury had to erform. was to return a righteous verdict according to tle evidence laid before them under the solemn obligation of .an oath, and without either looking to the right or the left, orhaving any regard to the consequences that would result from the verdict so delivered. fl'he learned Judge then proceeded most carefully to call the attention of the jury to all the material facts of the case, and observed, with regard to the suggestion that the children muight have fallen accidentally into the -water, that there did not appear to him to be the slightest evidence to warrant any one in Icomirg to the conclusion that this could have happened, and be said lie believed such a suggestion had never been brought forward mntil the ingenuity of the learned Fcounsel for the prisoner had laid it before the jury that day. As to the other defence that had been suggested on behalf of the prisoner-namely, that the act had been committed under the influence of some sudden frenzy, he could not help observing that it would be a most dangerous proceeding on the part of a jury to come to the conclusion that a person who had committed a dreadful act of this description was to be rendered irresponsible on tle ground of sudden frenzy, when there was not the slightest evidence that the conduct of the party at any period of his life, or either before or immediately after the transaction, was such as in any manner to warrant such a conclusion being arrived at. !The jury then turned round in the box to consider their verdict, and, after being in deliberation about a quarter of an hour, they returned a verdict of Guilty. Mlr. Cl2erk, the Clerk of Arraigns, thsen called upon the prisoner in the usual form to state whether she had anything to urge why sentence of death should not be nassed upon her. Mr. Justice CRESSWVELL, having put on the black cap, addressed the prisoner, and proceeded to pass sentence upon jher. He said she had been convicted by the verdict of the jury of the crime of wilful murder, of the murder of her own child, and he should have been much surprised, after the careful consideration they had given to the evidence, if they had come to any other conclusion. If they had returned any other verdict, he should have considered either that they were incomspetent to consider the weight and effect of the evidence laid before them, or else that they did not possess sufficient firmness to discharge the duty that devolved upon them, as the evidence appeared to him to establish most clear.ythat she had comnntted the crime for which she was to suffer. "W What a melancholy story," said the learned Judge, addressing the prisoner, " is yours; -first shame, then misery consequent upon that shame, of such a character as to make you say you were tired of your life, and then the murder of your child. I fear that hitherto you have paid little attention to that state to which you will be sent. It is a fearful thing to see a person in health and youth standing at the bar of this court to receive the dread sentence of ihe law which wil consign you to death, and I entreat you to resort to the advice and counsel of the minister of religion in whose handsyouwillbeplaced, and who will tell you what thoughts to encourage-how far you may encourage hope, and how far you must entertain apprehension. I cannot encourage any hope in your mind, and the only duty that remains for me to perform is to pass upon you the sentence of the law." (H is Lordship then-pronounced the sentence of death in the usual form.) The wretched woman, who appeared almost prostrated by terror and grief during the trial, when the learned judge had concluded, shrielked out several times, " I am innocent, I am innocent; oh, do have mercy upon me 1" MIr. Clerk then put to the prisoner the usual question in all cases where a woman is capitally convicted whether she ihad anything to say in stay of execution. The prisoner, who did not appear to pay any attention to what was going on, and who continued exclaiming that she was innocent, and entreating for mercy, had the effect of the question explained to her -namely, that it was to ascertain whether she was in the familyway or not, and the female turnkey wvho was in attendance upon her at length reported that her answer was in the negative. The wretched woman was then removed from the bar, stil shrieking " I am innocent-I am innocent-mercymercy !" The scene was a most painful one, and the learned Judge and every one els in court appeared much affected. William Thompson, 33, brickmaker, was charged with uttering a forged 51. Bank of 13ngland note. Mr.Clarkson and Mr.: Bayley conducted the prosecution on behalf of the Bank authorities. The prisoner was defended by Mr. Thompson. It appeared that on the afternoon of the 25th of February the prisoner went to the shop of Mr. Frew, a clothier in High Holboni, and purchased a coat for 11. 12s., and paid for it -with a 51. note, which turned out to be forged, and he received the chbage. About an hour afterwards he went to the shop of Mr. Moses, in New Oxford-street, and he there purchased some boys' clothing which came to 11. 9s. 9d., and he there tendered another forged 51.-note, but it was detected, and the prisoner was given into custody. A very extraordinary defence was set uD for the prisoner, which was that a farmer named Cranfield had lost two 51.-notes in the town of Bedford, part of a sum of money he had received on the 23d of February, and that on the following morning the nephew of the prisoner, who lived in that town, picked up the two notes inl question and showed them to his mother and some other relations, and they were eventually given to the prisoner. *Witnesses were called for the defence, who deposed positively to these facts, and the prisoner, who, it appeared, was a native of the neighbourhood of Bedford, in addition received a very good character from some respectable witnesses who liad known him nearly all his life. The jury, after some deliberation, returned a verdict of NEW COURT. (Before the RECORDER.) Stephen Wiggins, 23, carman, was indicted for forging and uttering an order for the payment of 14s. 2d., with intent. It appeared that the prisoner had been employed as labourer by Mr. Bugbee, the contractor, and had received at Mr. Bugbee's offices a ticket for 4s. 2d., for his day's work, which ticket was made payabe at the Greencoat Boy, a publichouse belonging to Mr. Bugbee, and managed by a man named Mills. The fraud had been perpetrated by placing an additional number to the original figuires. 1l the course of the case the jury said that they were of the unanimous opinion that the system adopted in sending the men to be paid at a publichouse was a very bad one, and ought not to be carried on. The RECORDEP said he entirely agreed with them; it was a practice that could not be too severely censured. It was a temptation to these poor men to spend their hard earnings away from their families, and had a direct tendency to demoralize and degrade them, and lead them to acts of dishonesty. The prisoner was Acpuittcd. 3Iichael Geary, 18, and John Flynn, 22, labourers, were indicted for stealing two watches and other property, valued at 301., the property of John Morritt Walter. Mr. Thompson prosecuted, and Mr. M'Entcer defended. The prosecutor is a pawnbroker, living at 106, Aldersgate-street; and upon the evening of the 27th of February some one broke the plate glass window of his shop, and stole the articles named. The prisoners were seen to run away, one having a watch in his hand. Both prisoners were found Guilty, and sentenced to six yeSAs' penal servitude. THIE D COURT. (Before the CO5ItO%N-SERJEAy7T.) Abraham Solomon, 26, silversmith, was indicted for unlawfully obtamiing, by false pretences, from John Jewell two watches and other articles, from James Summers four chains, and from Joseph Dixon four chains, with intent to defraud. The prisoner, who seemed-to be most fearfully afflicted with nervousness, and kept shaking his head very violently while he was in tile dock, pleaded " guilty." The circumstances of the fraud were not stated to the Court; and - Mr. F. E. Lisiws, who appeared for the prosecution, applied that all the property traced should be given up. Al- though there were only three indictments, involving si:x charges there were a great number of pawnbrokers with Tbeho P theprisnegr bad pOabwned the gdoobds he had obtained. The elu of he oodsobtinedhadbeen 'betwreen 30(. The CoMON.o!SmERnAxT direced that ti the propert should be given up, and sentenced the prisoner to 12 months imprisonmaent. 'The other cases tried in this court during the day didnot possess any feature of public interest
MIDDLES SESSIONS, 2Weday, April S. (Before thAe ASSiSTA_XT.JUDO[G3 and a, bend of Maagistratea.) Robert Marsh, 18, and Jonathan Reed, 20, militiamen, were indicted for having stolen four communion cups, valued at 121., the property of Timothy Edward L.e Bean, in his dwelling-house. MIr. Poland prosecuted, and Mr. Horry appeared for the risoners. The prosecutor, a coal merchant at Hackney, was one of the trustees of a chapel there, in which capacity he had charge of the comnmu,on cups. The prisoner Reed was the pew-opener of the chapel, and, as such, had access to where the cups where kep', and on the 1st of March four were missed. From information received, a police-constablo went to the head-quarters of the militia at Hampstead, and took Marsh into custody. When the constable told hin that he was charged with being concerned in stealing communion cups from Hackney, he said he had been led into it, and inquired what punishment was probable to follow. It appeared that one of the cups flattened was purchased by a watch and clock maker, named England, in Britanniastreet, Gray's-inn-road, as old silver for It. 15s. 7d., of a , oung man whom he had not since seen, and he took it to Benham's, formerly Sirell's, in Barbican; but 3Mr. Benham declined to purchase it, as he was satisfied in his own mind that it had not been honestly. come by. England took it home, melted it down, and then sold it at Benham's for 1i. 17's. 9d. The prisoners made statements implicating each other in the theft. The jury found them Guilty, and a former conviction was proved against Marsh. The ASSISTANT-JUDGE said, it would be as well if Mr. England were more cautious for the future in buying silver articles in the way he had this cup, which had evidently been battered up for the purpose of destroying its identity. Had he used but ordinary observation he would have come to the same conclusion as Mr. Benham, that a sacramental chalice so broken up was in all probability the proceeds of a robbery.' Were it not that such facility was afforded for the disposal of stolen property the inducement to steal would be greatly the less, and he would repeat his caution to the witness England in this case. England said he certainly was sorry, but he was thrown off his guard at the time by the apparent respectability and the manners of the young man he bought the cup of The AsSIsTA.NT-JUDGL-You are a man of respectable appearance, but, notwithstanding that, Mr. Benham refused to buy the cup of you under the circumstances, you then melt it down, and sell it in the lump. It is to be hoped that you wiU not incur the risk of such conduct again. The foreman of the jury said, they wished to cxpress their concurrence in the observations which his Lordship had addressed to the witness. Marsh was sentenced to four years' penal servitude; Reed, to one year's hard labour. As he was being removed, Marsh said, "Thank you, my Lord. I hope that four years will make a man of me; but, Pm not innocent of this-oh, I beg pardon, I mean rm not guilty this time. (A laugh.) In passing a sentence of penal servitade on a prisoner, the ASISTANT-JTJUDGE observed that it was necessary it should be understood that such sentences were strictly carried out, and that the whole period of the sentence had to be served, unlike the former sentence of transportation, which was very uncertain of being carried fully into effect. Henry Seymour, 30, described asan engineer, was brought up for judgment. He pleaded " Guilty" on Monday of defraudieg tin-ce pablicans of sums of money amtuonting to 31.15Ss., by borrowing on the security of spurious jewelry. It was proved that, in 1854, the p3risoner was sentenced in this court to nine months' h;ard 1sbouron an indictment containing five similar charges. The prisoner, pretending to cry, begged for mercy. The ASSISTrA T-JtDGE sentenced him to one year's hard labour. Josiah Ross, 51, silk dyer, was indicted for stealing 151b. of silk, valued at 1St., the property of Prederick Armand Bourbon, his employer. He pleaded "Guilty." The prisoner, a very respectable looking man, had been 35 years in one situation, andhad borneduringthatlongperiod a most excellent character.° The Ass5ST_AiT-JUDQE said, the prisoner had been in the receipt of good wages, and a case of that description could not be passed lightly over. The sentence was, that the prisoner be kept to hard labourfor 12 calendar months. William Robinson, 47, clerk, was indicted for fradulently obtaining from Mary Ann Phillips l. Ss. 6d., with intent to defraud, and also for obtaining, with like intent, 2s. 6d. from Elizabeth Bricksey. He pleaded " Guilty." It appeared from the evidence in the depositions that the prisoner had been in the habit of going to houses and rcp resenting that hewas inspector of waterclosets under Sir Benjamin Hal's new sanitary act. He would find some fault, demanded what he called his fees for the inspection, and in some cases had obtained money on the promise of not bringing what he complained of before the board, or of staying informations which had been laid. He had no authority whatever to act as inspector of nuisances, and he was given into custody by one of the persons he attempted to defraud. When before the magistrate he said he was not aware that he was doing wrong, as he had been told that anybody had a right to act as inspector of nuisances. The AMSST.XT-JU1DGE said, it was a most impudent ease of fraud, and sentenced the prisoner to six months' hard labour. Thomas Jones, 48, was indicted forstealinga watch, valfied at 61. 10s., the property of Cabino Jerome. The prosecutor, a coloured seaman, one day met a man in High-street, Shadwell, who asked him the way to the East India Docks. He said he was going there himself and would show him, and, after some conversation, he pressed Ihim to take a glass of ale. The prisoner and another man joined them, and after drinking together at various houses a game at skittles was proposed, and the prosecutor was induced to stakehis watch againstiOI. on the result. They got- the watch away from him and then made off. The prisoner was the p rime mover in the affair. The jury found him Guilty, and The Asslsrxxr-Jununs sentenced him to eight months' hard labour. WEDESRDAY, APRIL 9. (Befotre Mr. P?,IsILEY, Q.C.,.Assistant-Judge.) .Michael Hogan, 38, was indicted for assaulting James Chapman, a police-constable, in the execution of his duty. He p leaded" Guilty," but urged that he had no recollection of the assault, as he wvas intoxicated at the time, and said heregretted the injury he had done the constable, He was sentenced at Quebec to transportation for desertionfrom the 66th Regiment, in which he had been a priv-ate and, in consideration of his services as a soldier mid his exemplarv conduct in prison, he received a pardon on the 25th of February last, and was discharged with a gratuity of 41. 9s., vith which lie came to London. He got drinking, lost his money and his senses too, and committed the assault on 'he prosecutor, for whichhle repeated his sorrow. In answer to the AssisTArT-JuDGcs the prosecutor said the prisoner kick-ed him on the knee, and the consequence was that the tendons -were permaunently injured, and he was afraid he should never have the use of the limb again. The AssIsTANT-JUDGE sentenced the prisoner to nine months' hard labour. Thomas Mason, car-..an, was indicted for stealing ls. 6d., the money of the Great N'orthern ailway Company. He pleaded "Guilty." The prisoner was in the employment of the company, and was supplied with money to pay toil for his cart. He was watched, and it was found that he took his horse a long way round about to miss the toll-gates, and kept the money himself. He was recommended to mercy on the part of the prosecution. Sentenced to three montls' hard labour. Jane How, 21, Ann Williams, 22, and -rederick Whitby, 30, M-ere indicted for assaulting William Keen, and stealing a watch, his property, from his person. Mr. Metcee appeared for Whitby. The prosecutor was accosted by the two fesmale prisoners, prostitutes, in Penton-street, Pentonville, they robbed him of his watch, and the male prisoner came up and struck him to aid the others in their object. The defence set up for Whitby was that he was not cogniizant of the robbery until after he struck the blow. The Jury found them all Guilty, and the Court sentenced t'nem each to 1S months' hard labour. (Before.31 CREix.Y.) Daniel Hurly, 25, was indicted for having stolen a parcel of lace from the person of James Butler, for assaulting and beating John Bone, a police-constable, in the execution of his duty, and for unlawfully attempting to stab William Judd with a knife. Mr. Logic prosecuted; Mr. Hlorry defended the prisoner. Nappearedthat the policeman Bone saw the prisoner abstract a parcel from the pocket of a person in the street, and he followed and communicated what he had observed. While they were arranging where to meet after the prisoner was apprehended a boy crossed over from a batcher's .hop, and spoke to the policeman. The prisoner saw this, s nd, suspecting that the boy was giving information of the theft, he ran down a street, round to the shop, and seizing a knife wlhich was lying on the counter lie made a thrust at ihe boy; but was prevented doing him any mischief by a woman, 'who courageously held him by the arm. The policenan hadto send for assistance to take the prisoner, whose violence was such that it required seven constables to convey him to the station. He kicked Bone violently about the legs. The juIy found him Guitly. A former conviction for felony was proved against him, and lie had been sentenced to eight months' imprisomnent fir assanltinr the police. Mr. Cnsa-Isy sentenced him to six years' penal servitude. William Brindle, 29, -was indicted for having stolen a watch and other articles, value 6L and upwards, the property of William Jones, in tle dwellinghouse of Mary Ann Tanmpsett. ur. Plat' prosecuted; Mr. Metcalfe was for tIme prisoner. The prosecutor was the manager of a publichouse, the king's Arms, at Hoxton Old-town, of which a widow living at Brighton was proprietress. One evening, about S o'clock, the barmaid, on going upstairs, found the bedroom doors open, and on pulling the handle of one of them to shut it she saw the prisoner behind, with a constable's truncheon in his hand, vith which he attempted to strike her. He pushed through the room and got on to the leads, from which he dropped into a back- yard of a ncighbouing house. The prosecutor saw this, and went and collared him, 'and having brought bini back to the house, and heard the particulars from the barmaid, gave him into custody. When he was maling his escape to the leads the gril became giddy and, losing her balance on the stairs, fell down. Os the rooms being examined it was found that sundry drawers had been forced open with a chisel and a watch and other articles enumer4ted in theindictment placed ready for removal. The jury found him Guilty. Re had been previouly convicted. It was stated that last year he was sentenceb 3fr. Bodldn to si-years penal servitude; but his counse, Mr. Metcalfe, had a oint reserved for the Court of h ind Appeal, upon whi the convictionwas quashed by th r Judges e Mr. CRF-kSY sentenceclhimn to four yeare. penal servitude.
POr;ICE. G0 wLUL.-Soln Thomas Brown, formerly a letter carrier in the General Post-office, was summoned to answer a charge of sending threatening letters to Mr. Frederick Kelly, the Chief Inspector of Letter Carers, whereby that gentleman went in tearof hislife. Mr. Lewis attended for the prosecution, and stated that in October, 1854, the defendant, in consequence of a report required of, and made by, Mr. Kelly, was discharged, since winch he had wrntten several letters to the prosecutor, irn which he threatened him in an indirect manner by telling him that life was uncertain, and that Mr. Kelly might be called before his Judge in another world at any moment, and that he (the defendant) considered himself wron-ed by Mr. Kelly, and that he would Epend the last drop of his blood in obtaining revenge. There were other passages in the letters complained of which induced Mr. Kelly to fear that some attempt upon his life was contemplated by the defendant, and lie, therefore, wished that the defendant might be restrained by being required to find heavy sureties to keep the peace. Mr. Kelly corroborated this statement. The defendant said, the fact was he had been injured in the spine, and thereby incapacitated; but that having served la years in the Post-office, he applied there in the usual way, and was, after being bandied about from one department to another, referred to Mr. Kelly for a copy of the report which was the cause of his dismissal. This Mr. Kelly refused, and that was the reasosi he had had occasion to 'write to him £o freauently. Alderman WIRE said, the defendant should apply to the Postmaster-General if he felt himself aggrieved. The defendant said, the fact was, Mr. Rowland H1l and Mr. Kelly managed matters so well between them that it was no use applying to any one else. There was no Postmaster-General; MSfr. Rowland HRill and Mr. Kelly filled that posti and the Postmaster-General knew no more of I what was going on in- the Post-office than the natives of Southern Afica. Alderman Wan said, he considered the threats of a sufficiently alarming character to justify him in calling upon the defesidant to find two sureties in 0, each, and to enter into his own recognizances in 1001. to keep the peace towards Mr. Kelly and all Her Maj's subjects, or tecomnstted in default. The prisoner said, he could not procure bail, and he was accordingly removed in custody. M1AxIoRouGH-sTniEET.-EUlen Wilson, an Irishwoman, well known at this court as an incorrigible beggar, was charged by Lord Raynham, of 11, Grosvenor-square, with begging in Bond-street. His Lordship said, he saw the prisoner annoying somne ladies in a carriage which was drawn up in Bond-street by ulilng up the blind and begging. Ie saw some money nandedout to the prisoner in order to get rid of the nuisance, and he then went up to her and spoke to her, say. ing it was too bad, upon which the prisoner, no doubt with the intention of creating a mob, pretended to fall back in a fit. A constable fortunately came up at the time, to whom he related what he had seen. The constaole knew her as one of the frequenters of that district, and he then told the constable to take her into custody. The prisoner, in a whining tone, said she had been very iU, and only came out of a sick bed that day. Police-constable A 299 said, when he looked at the prisoner, who was sitting down shamming illness, he saw inmediately that her indisposition arose from intoxication. Lord 1{avyliam did not wish to press the charge. Mr. BRCDox said, if the prisoner was caught begng in that district again he would send her to prison for a month, but as Lord lRaynham had intimated his wish not to press the charge further, he should give her the benefit of that circumstance, and order her to be discharged. WESrIIsTEut.-On Tuesday Charles King, cabdriver was charged with steaiing 6Sf. in Bank of England notes. Mr. Hlenry Courtenay, of 2, Railway-place, Hollowayroad, ssid, he hired the prisoner at Highbury-place to drive him to Chester-square. He fell asleep.while in the cab, and on his arrival at Eyde Park-corner, found he had been robbed of a oOl., a 101., nnd a 5?. note, which he had felt safe in his fob after he entered the cab. He stopped the prisoner and gave him into custody, and, although he and the cab were both diligently searched, the notes were not discovered. He had a confused notion of the cab stopping twice while he slept, and of some person abruptly entering and leaving it. HIe said he was sober, only having taken a glass of ale and a drop of brandy that morning, and that he hiredthe cab at about noon. Theme was something so peculiar in prosecutor's appearance and manner, that Mr. Arnold despatched the police to make some inquiries, when it appeared that the hiring of the cab had taken place at 6 o'clock in the evening instead of noon, and that prosecutor, besides having taken a drop of brandy at the White Swan as he described, had changed a i. note, and exhibited a 501. and 101. note at the Pied Bull at Rollosay, when the magistrate said the case was one requsrag a searching investigation, and remanded the prisoner until yesterday, when Mr. Wontuer attended on his behalf. The prosecutorwas cross-examined, and said he would not swear to the time which he hired the cab. He took his money out of his pocketat the PiedBull, and not at the Swan, where he swore he had threepennyworth of brandy, and oppo. site to which hehiredthe cab. He walked from theTied Bull to the Swan, a distance of a quarter of a mile, and went to sleep in the cab till he got to Swan and Edgar's, Piccadilly. r. Edward James Morris, clerk to IMr. Gregory, gave evidence to show that 1001. had been paid to prosecutor's wife. Mrs. Courtenay said, she received the money, and went out on Tuesday morning to pay an auctioneer 631. for some furniture they had bought, hut failed in meeting with him, and returned home at about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, when her husband hastily took the three bank-notes and went out. In reply to interrogatories, she said, her husband was more sober than drunk; he was much about the same as at the present moment, and knew what he was about. He was in the habit of drinking a little, and was generally as he now app eared. Mr. Givers, the proprietor of the Pied Bull, proved that prosecutor came to his house at about half-past o o'clock on 'Tuesday evening, changed a 51.-note, and had some gin-andwater, lighted a cigar, and went away. He showed witness the 501. and l0l. notes, and wanted to change the former, but witness told him to put them in his pocket, and he did so. Prosecutor appeared a little the worse for liquor. The barmaid at the White Swan proved that prosecutor did not come there at alL Mr. Wontner was desirous of addressing the magistrate for his client, but Mlr. ARSOLD suggested that, as the matter must be further investigated, he had better reserve what he had to say and produce any witnesses to character, in order that lie MIr. Arnold, might assess the amount of bail for the accused's future appearance. Mr. Wontner said, there were two witnesses present who saw the prosecutor get into the cab. Mfr. ABSc~On observed, he should like to hear them, as he was anx:ious to receive all the evidence that couild be procured upon the matter, as the prosecutor had evidently been robbed of his money by some one. The two witnesses were then caUled, and proved that prosecutor was much affected by liquor when he entered the cab. One of them stated that he fell on his hands and knees in doing so. A tlird witness gave prisoner a good character. MIr. AitxOLD said, the circumstances of suspicion against the accused were very slight, and accepted two sureties in 251. each for his reappearance on Wednesday. WORBSsIP-STR .-A tal slim young man, respectably dressed in black, and who refused to give either name or address, was charged before MIr. D'EvNcoiRT vwith having in conjunction with another man not in custody, committed the folloving robberies:- On the 26th of last month the prisoner and another person of equally respectable appearance called at the Contmercial Coffeehouse, in Finsbury, at a late hour in the evening, and having inquired if they could be accommodated with a bed for the night, were answered in the affirmative, and, having engaged one, the prisoner paid for it, and they took possession of the apartmient. At 9 o'clock the next mormng both men came dowfn together, and, expressing sur- prise it was so late, said they iust run out upon busmess, but wvould be back very shortly, and should feel obliged if the landlord would cook some ham, eggs, and coffee for breakfast. There was no indication aoout them of anything being- wrong, but upon the landlady going upstairs the bed was found to have been stripped of part of its clothing, and neither the prisoner nor his confederate ever came backl On the evening of the 30th of March the same two men presented themselves at the house of Mr. Clark, the Victoria Coffeehouse, Crown-street, Finsbury, where the prisoner again paid for the bed, and one of them wvas noticed to have a large and carefully-secured brown-paper parcel with him. At half-past 9 in the morning they descended, and contrived to get out of the house without any particular notice being tak;en of them, but on the servant going up she was astonished at discovering a large quantity of loose straw piled up underneath the bedstead, and, this exciting suspicion and the bed being examined, one of the blankets, worth at least 10s., was found to have been stolen, and was afterwards found at a pawvnbrolker's, pledged for 5s Cd. A third robbery w as cormmitted the very next night, the 31st of Uarch, when the prisoner and his confederate engaged a bedroom at the Eagle Cloffeehouse, at HingLaad, one e(f them, as before, carrying a large paper parceL On coming dowvn the next morningthe confederate vwas noticed to have apparently the same bundle, hut Mr. Stollery, the landlord, thought it only prudent he should be satisfied of its contents not being his property, and attempted to detain the man and the bund.e. The man, however, contrived to get avay with the parcel, and the prisoner attempted to follow him, but the landlord was obstinate, and held him while his wife searchedthe bedroom, andenher doing so she foundher chest of drawers stuffed full of shavings and hay, and that a proportionate quantity of the bedelothing had disappearea. The prisoner was therefore given into custody and twice remanded, a fresh case turning up against him at each examination, and the officer stating that stiUl more would be preferred, but the confederate has not been discovered, and the prisoner, who still declined giving either name or defence, was ordered to be cornmitted for the completion of the depositions. C=RLEnRNvELL.-rs. Eliza Graham, of lo. 4, Frederickstreet, Gray's-inn-road, ws summoned before -Mr. TiRwzlTrr for assaulting and beating her servant, Ann Williams. It appeared from the evidence of the complainant, a modest-looking young woman, that tse a few days since entered the service of Mr. Graham, wio holds a hih posi- tion in the employ of Mr. Cubitt. Oni Saturday last her. mistress was very cross with her- and behaved in a Tsry nladylike manner,- in consequence of which she tola her that she would leave -on the 17th. About 12 o'lock she went upstairs to bed, -when she beard the drawmg-room bell ring, and upon proceeding downstairs she had some conversation with MrGraham. A short time rwards her mistres, vwho was very much excited, left her seat, opened the door, pushed her out, and strack her a violent blow on the shoulder, which made her feel very sick. Her mistress also called her a liar several timles. She afterwards left the house and went to the police staton, when the sergeant on duty advised her to go home. 3frs Graham in defence denied the charge, and said the complainant was drunk. AU that she did was just quietly to put her hand on her servanV's shonlder. Sergeant Holloway, of the G division, who was acting as inspector on Saturday night at the polioe station, was then sent for by the magistate, and he distinbtly swore that the complainant was not drunk, nor was there any pretence for any one saying that she was. The complainant here atated that all that she hbd had given her for her supper was one half-pint of fourpenny ale, three parts of which were left on the dresser. Mxr. TvRwawm said, hewas afid thatMs. Graham ha put her hands more violently on the complainant's shoulder than she was aware of. There was not the slightest ground for saying thit the comuplainant vwas drunL-, and certainly her conduct was anything but disrespectful, and her cha^ racter was free from imputation. He should, therefore, fine the defendant lOs. and costs. The husband paid the fine, and the partes left the court. Mr. TvRwmrTr requested our reporter to acknowledge the receipt of 1Z. from " a lady at Cheltezham," for James Chapman, the disabled policeman, with a wife and nine children, who had his leg broken by a tikket-of-leave man named Hogan. THAms.-Falsick Clifford, an Irish labourer, aged 41, who has been remanded several times, was brought before Mfr. YARDLEY for final examination, charged with stealing 1101. from the dwelling house of his brother, Daniel Clifford, of No. 4, Ellen-street, Back-church-lane, St. George-in-theEast. Mr. YADiw-z ask-ed if the 100Z. note lost by the prosecutor had been recovered ? Dunaway, a police-constable, INSo. 129 H, said, he had been unable to trace the 1001. note stolen from the prosecuter, and, althoughthe robberg was committed on the 19th t., and the note was seen in the prisoner's hands on the same day, it had not yet been paid into the Bank. The number of the note w,as S307, and the date January 9. The year wsas 1S55, he believed. IZr. YaiiR.s.-Theu I shall not remand the prisoner anv longer, but commit him for triaL The prosecutor-Thirty-four years I was saving that money. Mr. YARDLEY said he deeply sympathized with the poor man, Daniel Clifford, who had been deprived of his hara earnings, and although what he was about to offer him was very small in comparison with his loss, if he lked to accept 40s. from the poor box fund, he was quite welcome to it. The prosecutor said, he was very grateful to the magis. trate, and accepted the money tendered to him.
SHIP NEW&S LIVPOOL A_n_. g he Jteindeer, frOm Aulstraia for ShaLnghai, wvas lost the 27th of Septemuber, onareef, in]at. U1 S. long 15SE. Crew arived at Fort Culrtis, after eduringgreat suLfferings. The Boomerang, from Mobile for this port, was abandoned the 27th of Mrarch; iive seamen lost, the remamder landed at Falmouth. The Princess Victoria and the Chorister, hence, have arrived at The iosan and the Coromandel, from Alexandria, have arrived at this port. Arrired.-The Eleanor, from Maranbam--the Burmah and tha Delfthaven, from$ew Orleans-the Oregon and the Daniel Webster. from Mobile-the Iebanon, from Cosstantinople-theladia !CHenry, fromBombay-thoe H;ermann, from Rio Blathe-the Zobank and the Ja>es N esmith, from NRew Orleanthe John Foster, from New York -the Snake, from St. Michael's-the John Miller, from Mobile-the floyal Victoria, from Charleston-the A Z,fromNlew YorkStepBides, from New. Orleansthe United Kingdom, from Savannajh-the BranrIsks, from Galveston-the Enterprise, forNlew York. Sailed.-The Taurus, for Conlstantinople. Off the Port.-The Cressida, the Alice Jane, and the Juanita, LoXDOX, April 9.-Wind at nDOon, S.W., moderate breeze and cloudy, with slght rain. FArsouras, April 7.-Arrived.-The Rarenswbeeel fromAlexandr"a --the Hermar Theodor. from Porto Rico-the EliraHiter, from New Orleans-the Reaper, fram Gonaves-the Orean, from Jersey for Newfoundland. April S.-Wind. N. Sailed, the Bonsole, for Aatwerp, SuNmsDAND, April8-The Darlington, for Constantinople, waich put bacd leaky, had struck on the bar going out, will discharge. BsrF.r.As, April 8.-The Emuisus, from Barhadoes for Queenstown, has putinleaky, anfwithloss of bulwfarks, sails:e, c.and part of cargo (sngar)throw.n overboard, and wfill discharge to repair. Pxnas, April 9.-The lomhard cleared at Calcutta, on the lSthof F;ebruary, for Reunion, grouLnded in going dowvn the river, and it is probable would return to Calcutta for repairs; if she werenot lost. Mazsouaisc, Jan. 5.-ThePHavannah, arrived here. reports having fallenx in wiLth several large icebergs in lat. 49 S., long. 30 to 50 B. GRUVFSED, Arnrr 9. (BY SUB ram-z A-hBs.rrss1 T£cr`n rI. EFrom Lloyd's,) 9.30 a.nt-Wind, S.S.W. ; tide, lasthour; cloudy. Arrived.-the Tinas from ariager-the Batav,ier, from Rotterdamthe Elbe, from Hambnug. Sailed.-The Belgium, for Ostend-the Dorothea, for Stettin-the Lord Johl Russell, for Dmlunirk-the Ida, for Constntinople. I pm.-Wind, IV.; tide, 2 hours' flood; cloudy, with rain. Arriveda-The Diana, from Bremnen-the Holland, from Ostend. Sailed.-The Ceres, for Rotterdam 3 pML--ind, W.; tide, last hom's flood; Tariable. Arnived.-The Maid ofiJudah, from Sydney-the Barham, the Wellington, and the Jabez Snow, from Calcutta-the Asia, from Sydney-. the Hendrika, from Rotterdam-the Elora, from Hobroe-the Glane,. from Barbadoes. Sailed.-The Romance of the Seas, for Boston-the Rainbow, forRotterdam. 7,30 p.m., Wind, W., tide, half ebb; lght. Arnived,-the Mint, from Newschsrd-the Christina, from Groningen -the London Packet, from Terceira-the Ruckers. from Trinidadthe City of Rotterdam from Dunklrk-the Marina, from Nazanilla. Sailed.-TheJohn Bull, for HILamburg. April 8,-Arrived, the Rdlianos, from Guernsey. DEALT, ArstL 9. - Br SuaxArssx rano BELStcrs Tsmcor.Ara IFrom L.loyd's.) 9 £MnL-Wimd, S.W. . fresh. Passed.-The May Ilower, fromSevile, the Jesscy Byrne, frcra Halifax, both for London. Her Majesty's ship Porcupine, from Sheerness for Portsmouth, withL two mortar boats in towv. HerMajesty's Gunboat, No. 43, from the river for Portsmouth. Anchore(L-The Neptune, from Smvrna for Leith-the Doris, from New Yorlk for London-the Medora, from Boston for Hamburg-the JohnRichardson, from the north for Dieppe. The.Neptune has been in eoliWsion vith the Ranavala, from London,. at 3 oclockthismoraing. Both vesselssutained damage to spars and rigging. RePort of the Jabez Snow. from Calcttta, Feb.10, in lat. 340 S., 1ong. 22 E., spoke the Asdelaide, from Mireisus for London, put into St. Helena; Feb. 24, got underway from Calcutta; iMarchi, in lat. 3 S.. long. 19 20 WV., signalled the Bararm ; 3MLah 19, in lat. 22 20 N., long. 3640, spoke the Jaeob Ludgernde, 95 days from Batavia, in lat, 2440N., long. 35 50, spot-etheWeascl, From Barbadoes. 2 p.m.-Wind, SW. ; squally. Atnchored.-The Lammermuir, from London for Port Philip. Passed.-Her Majesty's gunboats, Nos.8and40, from the river forPortsmouth. 2 pm.-Wiad, S. W. by W.; fresh and squally. Anchored.-The A- B. Thompson, for Calcutta, the Eugenia, for ,Narseilles, both from LondonL Pat Back.-Her Majesty's gunboats, Nos. S and 40, for Portsmoutlh 7.34 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W.; strong. Arrived and Passed.-The Candidate, from Barbadoes, the Bromley, from Alexandria, the Emma Eugenia, from the vestward, the Au5a tralia, from CaUao, all for London-the Yankee Blade, from Sav-annah for Bremen-the Fortunato, from Palermo for RotterdamL Arrived and Anthored.-The Ida, for Constantinople, the Reilly, for Gibraltar. the MIaryAnm, for IHalifax, aU from London. The A. B. Torrpson. from London for Calcutta, has been supplied with an anchor and chain, hence to replace others lost. VEssELS SPor Wrrn. TheeAdelaide, from the 31auritius or London, Feb. 10, in lat. 45 S, The British Queen, from Whttehaven for Antigua, March 8, in lat_ The Aro, steering eastw,ard, April 1, off Cape St. 3Iary. ThWbe DStar of Newceastle, steering eastwsard, April 2, off Cape St.. The Agamnemnon, steering southward, April4, in lat. 43 X., long, The Victoria Regina, steering westward, April 5, in lat. 45 N., long. 16 W. The Royld ai ad ndthe Trent, with the Meteor in tow, both eteexinZ eastward, April 7, in lt. 49 N., long. 61. The-Nova Zembla, from Valparaiso for London, March 8, in lat. 29 Nz.. long. 45 WV. The He'iich, from Madras for London, Feb. 19, in lat. 13 S., long,. 9 W. T-he Panmelia, from Manilla for Limerick, March 4, in lat. 5 N., long. 5 W. The Clarendon, from the MIauritius for Sydncy, Nor, 21, in lat. 23 S. long COE. The Hispano Phillipino, from Cadiz for Manila, Octt 20, in 'at. 10N., long. 20 WV. TXbe Agra, from London for Shanghai, Oct. 30, in lat. 7 N.. long. 24 W. The Wild Eangerof Boston. Nov. 17, in lat, 22 S., long. 7 W. The Crcscy, from London for Sydney, Nov. 27, in lt. 37 S., long. HIGH WATER AT LONIDONRBRIDGE THS DAY. Morning .. S mnl. after 51 Aftemoon .. 31 min. alter 5.
ST. rARGAREPS CHURCHYARD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIUES. Sir,-I thought and hoped that I had donewith the vexe. question of St. Yargaret's Churclhyard, but, a fresh attack having been made upon me in your paper of to-day, and this time in a serious tone, I am obliged to beg once more for a little space in which to make a serious reply. Your Brompton correspondent says that he saw among the gravelly soil a great many pieces of human bones, and that children -were picking them up and carrying them off in their pinafores. I will not say that this is not true, but I believe that he greatly exaggerates. However, if he did see anything of the kind, it was the fauit of the policeman on duty, not of the churchwarden. If " A Stranger" will refer to msy two former letters he will see that I never said that there were no pieces of hone turned up. It would be utterly impossible to disturb in any way a soil which has been used for centuries as a graveyard vdithout turning up some here and there. What I said, and I repeat it, was, that we were not recklessly raking up people's bcnes, and carting them, away to dustheaps, but that -we were treating what earth was unavoidably disturbed wvith reverence, and removing it to consecrated ground; and I state most positively thatl , who have not heen, as he supposes, wholly occupied in letterwriting, but who have every day visited the churchyard. at least once, and generally oftener, have never seen. anything of the nature he describes. And, with regard to the policeman wlo "Stranger} -would seem to insinuate is a myth, I amn glad of this opportunity of stating publicly that before any operations were commenced an applicationwas made to the Commissioners of Police at attehaln, witt a request that they would give us amnan to attend to the churchyard -while the repairs were carried on. This they ;indly and. readily did, and there is the man now on the spot, and I hope be does his drtF, as I bave certainly exerted myself to do mineo Iam, S ir, I hope for the last time of so subscribing THE SENIOR CHURCHWARDE)N OZ ST. MLARGARETS. 7 Gxeat George-strett April 9.
tMg CRPIJLeAN BOARD OF INQUIRY. Ths Beard 1it yesterday at 11 o'clock. The attendanee tf theyDUbl e~tltough not quite so large as oan the first day, l wvas sti.iexudingly numerous, and included r. tolerab:o I sl rinklinge members o£the aristocracy. UpoIt e mnembers of the court taking their seats, The Bwrl of LUCAs rose and said,-It is witl gr.tl gto uc 'tace ,at Ifeel compelled to add in any way t. t$k difficul'-Y of your task by bringing wvhat I may call &traneous sat.ertunder your notice; but, as I stated v:_atsslay, I am nt& actuated solely in this application by a 'Iesim to do justie to myself alone, but with a view eqselly to secure 2estice to those officers who will soon find tIntnselves in the Tsame position as myself. I tlink, therefore, Sir A. Woodford, that I ran only discharing my ditty when I request the attention of the BoZad to an artiola which has again appeared in 2rc1 Ties. I 'will offer netonamnent of my own upon thin article, but tfintk I shall be--Ioing enough in asaing the Board to consider how far -1ils article carries out their rc=olution'ofyesberny. Hatr said this I shall only rue t the Bord:te4vc their attention to thlu article. -: noble teLrl, haadag handed! 'in a copy of Tize YZies, s*t Qown, but nooapinsin was expessed by the committee. 'I-he TD)PLty-itsDSE ADvtaarE then rose and asid, I %ok 'directed by lie Board* te inquire of your lordsixip to 'hdittcnusesyoin-2tiibute te -greAt muortality among the 'horses during'the time the ravalry was under your com- - The unhoble-'El, inreply,rmcade a statementwhich occupied 'maorethaif twe h'ours inO-everv.-The qeuestion ibesaid) was ;- iarge one ail requfrp&a extended answer. He mssust say lieattribfitec the great ess of horses by the rnsy in the Crimed tt tie insufickitov of food and the irregilarity with '8' u-hk ie tas supplil 'the horses became deteriorated in cbhdibiositfrom tbe u snment they landed at Verna, and thoy -c6tiitifissl to det rino?e until they reached that desverate state ofemnaciatiorifrom starvation iwhich few'of them nsyr'nvied. It as tel known that animals exposed to ' the' wetdber regt'red more food than at 'other times, and' he dectaei Athat the atlion issued to the cavalry horses was iAsbR_ient if even it had been zalways issued in full, which was'Zar from being the case. lHe w-old 'first ?-refeirto what'was the st.te of things in BuI'g-ie, but avotild ' hot speak of 'Atat happened at De,as, not Isa_isag been 'very perfectly'infcrm-ed by the brigadier. lie mnight mention that the first step he took on arriv,ing at Consantinople 'was ' to preside ovrr a board to inquire into the rations of troop, arti ery -a?<c baggage horses. That boarddoided-and Locd Raglan approved their decision-that cavalry n=d artilery horses should receive dailyl21b. of barleyandl0lhof'ha'y, or - 61b. *of' ehopped straw, and that baggage horses should veceiv6lthe samne quantity of chopped straw or hayv but a quartet-less of barley. At Varna, until time gre.at fire in August, ftere was no deficiency of barley, and the cavalry statio-ned with:in two miles of the town drew their own forage:AVhen they arrived in the Crimea, wheneverhmaywas issued, the ration wvas never more than Slb After the fire at Varna there w-as a great deficiency of barley and hay -snupped by the Comnuissariat. We had then only-onecommnss.ariat officer,Mr.-1lirr.ay,wvhowwaa quite new to theser-vice, and such was the difficulty of procuring forage and barley 'that he (Lord Luean) found it necessary to appoint an aidede-camp, Captain Walker. to attend exclusively to the foraging and to accosnpany Mr. Murray about the country, to examine the sources of supply for the cavalry, a duty vwhich that offlicer executed w%ith zeal andsuccess. Soon after 'the fire at Varna all the troops were brought together -there to prepare for the expedition to the Crimea, and if there ever was an instance of absence of order, systen, and -arrangement, it occurred then. The commissariat cficers were nearly all young men, very few of them had any experience and they were allowed to ride about the country bidding against one another for prov,isions and forage, thus 'enhancing the prices and creating conftusion. The supply of forage was so deficient that he was obliged to give the rations of his baggage horses to his chargers, and he must :rernark that throughout the campaign the troopers' horses fared equally with the general, for when one got an insufficient ration the other was similarly treated. That irregularity of supply continued all the timie the cavalry was 1U and the horses certainly had fallen off in con- consequence. Hcould produce no documentary evidence in support of his statements, because at first there - had been an endeavour on all hands to conduct business -with as little correspondence as possible; bnt he called very frequently upon Mr. Filder, and, although he (Lord Lucan) vas prepared to give that gentleman the greatest credit for the manner in which he rationed the men, yet he could not give him the same credit for the supplies he gave for the horses. He never had an interniew with Mr. (Hilder upon the subject of the forage but he left wvith a feeling of dissatisfaction at that officer's proceedings. His horses were his first care, and when he found them falling away from starvation he complained to Mr. Filder, aiid told him it was the duty of the Commissariat to make the forage of the country more available by adopting a proper system of allotting districts to particular officers, and fixing saxiwunz prices to be paid for sheep and corn, instead of allowing them to compete with one another to great public disadv6antage. That course, however, wvas never adopted The 200 horses which had accompanied Lord Cardigz'n in his patrol to Kara-su were very mCcli affected by that journey, and upon being inspected by himself six weeks afterwards -were easily recognimzable bv their deteriorated condition. When the army started for the Crimea, about 1,100 horses of the Light Brigade were embarked, and were on board altogether about a week. On tlie Sunday after the embarcation the officers of the Simla informed him that there was not sufficient forage on board for the horses. Mr. Filder, in his evidence had stated as an excuse for not having landed forage from the transports after the storm in November, that Lord Ra,glan had issued an order that all horse transports should alw;ays have six weeks' supply of forage on board, but in the case of the Sinila there was, after a fewv days, a deficiency of forage, coal, and wvater, and al7so, he believed, in the other four horse transports. These vessels, immediately on landing the Light Engade, wvere under orders to retuarn at once for rise Heavy Brigade;but from the deficient supply of forage and water it became nece.^ssaryto take on board fresh stores which, of course produced considera.ble delay. Immediately upon landing, a large body of the light cavalry w as -ordered upon patro, which occupied them from early morning until. late at night, and greatly distressed the horse, somne of which wrere without w ater for 30 hours. o corn was issued until the morning of the battle of the Alma, when a little was supplied by the Commissariat, and, so anxious was he upon the subject, that the moment Lord Raglan came upon the.field he rode up and complained to him that no corn could be obtained for the horses, when Lord Raglan, wlho wvas then reconnoitring the field, expressed his regret that he had not apulled earlier; widch he (Lord Lucan) had abstained from doin,g, as he wvas in continual hopes of being supplied. (The noble earl read a letter to the Quartermaster-General dated Septemnber 29, complaining of the insufficient supply of food for the horses issued by the Commissariat.) At Bala}dava a considerable amount of fodder was found, over which he placed sentries, and which, after sharing sith the French army, lasted for about two or three weeks, and he 3night say that never was there a period during the campaign when the cavalry horses were in better condition than they were on the occasion of the battle of Balaklavsa'. UTpon the 30th of Octobertthe cavalry moved up to the plateau, and then the horses receh'edtheir allowance of barley, but hay was very irregularly -supplied, and then only in rations of 61b. or Slb., wvhile the Artillery horses were getting 101b. On the lst of Nlovember the Light Brigade -was ordered to Inkermann, and lie went to select a spot for its encampment, and at once saw from its distance (seven miles) from Balaklava it would be difficult, if not impossible, to obtain regular andgood supplies of forage. He represented that matter to Lord Raglan through Colonel Gordon, but the order to proceed thither -was adhered to. 'When the Light Cavalry nmoved to that position it was four mailes from Ilis own camp, and he considered therefore it became then the duty of the Brigadier to attend to the foraging of his own troos, as the commissariat officer in charge of the brieade woul hardly aCknowledge himself to be-responsible to him (Lord Lucan). (The noble earl referred to several letters from MEr. Croot4shank the -comumissariat oflicer in charge, setting forth the difficulty of 'supplying the cavalry with forage in theirremote position with the limited me.ans oftransportatIsis command.) After .the storm the means of transport completely failed, and he recommended a trial of some of the hay which had 'been. found floating about the harbour, the interior of the trUssesbeing tolerably good, and in that wvaythey -were suppliedfor two or three days, and afterwards -they.got a little .chopped straw, but not sufficient. He mentioned this to General 'Canrobert, wvho said he had as much.interest in the welfare of the English cavalry as of the French,.and desired *General Martinprezto see if any asitance could be ren.dered. After inouiry General Martimprez said, if the :English Conmmissariat would undertake to replace it at the end of 30 days, he could furnish them xwith ;a supply for that perind. Hte (Lord Lucan) communicated that offer to 1'fr. Filder, buthe believed it was never accepted, on account, as he heard, of the Commissariat being doubtful whether they could comply with the undertaking required. At Kadikoi Mr. rFlder laid down a rule wlich h-e (Lord iLucan) believed was not sanctioned by precedent, and was certainly unjust and preposterous-that if Lorses were;kept .ever. soleng ipon short rations they could never claimn the arrearitobamadeggoad to them. That rule was brought under the notice of the Quartermaster-General, who le-cided that tme arrears should be made up. Sir W.;towrs intrted that Mr. Fildl-arvas justified :by the, ruIl t he seryice. Iord Lucan thought tle2 rule at least was neot applicable -to the pcsitOn an is'dch the cavalry was then placed. He 'kept the autLonties infomed of the sad condition of the 2horsea,.but he beoicved (altheugh he had no official Unow-Jedge.on the satbjee) that thIso were strategieal reasons for k:eepig the cavaLry at Inkengnann, and that it was in ccordance w%ith xn zrrangerment with our allies tbat the Jight cavalry was se=t there, w,ile a French infantry divisum took up - posiie3n near B&'y"va. The J?ISgE_N T intMU ted that the statement the noble earl was nov' makinD nwas harnly relevant to the question -vlrich he had been asked. Re bolievd that Lord Rag had no more pov er to move the caveiry from Inkernana than le (LIme Earl of Lucan) had, in conence of the engagem:ents his Lordship bad entered into. 'With regard to the deficiency of forage, lhe had made co.'sftgged reports (some of which his Lordship read) upon this subc;ht. As to the loss of hores,, he saw by a letter he had wa.itten to the Military Secretary, before they left Yrarna, that lhe t:ad asked for re,inforcements from Eniland, and had sta'ed ,that they were 4ficient uvpwards of 98homes at that moment During the 7,:onth of Se,ptensber the Light Brigade lost- .,together, in ladng and in other ways, between .Wa and 60 imprses. The He4vy Brigade lost 226 troop horses on the pWssage from. VamXns to Balaldav, besidesa considerablennmbh cC baggage Jioir.e and a greal number of offlcers'elargersgtie total lossabuljg not far short of 300 horses. 1n October >e be3ievedjisere were not a dozen horses lost. in Noveaber Come .owes ere lost by starting from the fmes, bht no Tare large yumber. In the Heavy Brigade 4G korses w'egc bjfl$,aAd 53 wounded at the Battle of Balaklavz, and the Light kigatc lost 341 horses. These were not aL killed, 'tut maji wereswept off by the enemy. In Nov'atDer 12-3 horses died bhi on referring to his correspondeilee the board woull Sadl tAMt above 400 horses were sacriflce3 to the Commissar{tt sasport system. iThe JUDGE-ADVg0A'qPi.-Referring to your Lordship's order of the 28th of NoYemlber, did you take measures to r,2g nF4theryouv jgGg.pq aticns were- acv Upon,01 i' fir hA "-Cssible, in the several regients ?-Perhaps the board Vill alh.w me to read this order:- " Camp before Sebastopol, 2Nov. 28, 1854. *'The first and great object of the general oficers torm branding bri-ades must iand will be to give the rr.an and horses aU die benefit in their power of tne dries' spots in the neighbourhood of their encampmnent. T'% LieutenantGeneral wishes it to be perfectly understos,d that he relies upon those officers to keep this great obiSct in view; and it is hiis order that, without refereneor to those secondary objects-uniformity or appearance of any sort, any commanding officer shall shift his ?*un and horses always at the earliest moment, and to the aevost suitable places that shall offer Commanding offi'er5 will of course communicate their vishes to their brigatiers personally, if possible; but, 'vhen this cannot be doxe immediately, they are hereby authorized to act of th&'Y- own accord at once, informing their brigadiers as soon as psssible that they have done so." N`ow when this had aoeen issued I am satisfied, having the cavalry nuder muyeye, that it had been the practice to observe these directions, libr I had told every officer to give up all idea of uppearanca or uniformity, and alwavys to leave room -enauA on their {lank and front to shift their men and horses. The ceenmanding officers of the Heavy Brigade had acted under these directions from the commencement, and the order Iha-e just read would never have been issued at -alU had I not zeceived a communication (I don't know whetther intended as a private or public communication) uroceedimg, 'believe, from Lord Raglan, or at all events from the-Quartermaster-General, informing nie that such was not the practxice in the Light Cavalry Brigade, and that the cornmanding-officers had been checked infollowiogrit. My order wrasissuaed on the 28th of November, but it did net then reach the Heavy Brigade in consequence of hesitation on the part -of the iEarl of Cardigan. Indeed, it was not issued by his Lordshi,p to Lhat brigade at all, but was subsequently issued on the 50th of November by Colonel Doherty, who was left the senior offlicer in comrnand. - At my. interview with the conmnanding officers on the 18th of November I informed -them of what I conceived was their duty on this subject. 'General PEFL.-I understoodyonto state that the cavalry -deteriorated in condition from the time of their arriving in the East, and that they suffered on the passage from want -of provisions. Do you agree in opinion with the Earl of ;Cardigan, who said in his evidence before the SebastopeI 'Committee that the Light Brigade which he commanded were in excellent condition at the time of their landing ?-IX this was the opinion of Lord Cardigan all I can say is that any own is very much and entirely the reverse. Sucl war 'the state of the horses that I found it necessary to issue this I order:- r " Camp, Steneskoi, Crimea, Sept. 18, 1S54. "The Lieutenant-General commanding the Cavalry feelb -much concerned at the very reduced state of the Lighi Cavalry Brigade. He much fears that many horses will bi found not in condition to enable them fully to do the duties which awvait them. The Lieutenant-General feels, as must the Major-General and all the comm3nanding officers of regimeats, that their own characters are involved in the din efficiency of the corps under their orders; and he does hope and expect that every effort will be made to give flesh anc condition to the horses. To effect this all-important object every exertion must be made well and perfectly to wate them, and to give them the best and largest quantity : food that can be procured. This alone wrn avail little unles it is thoroughly instilled into all officers that every unne cessary exertion, however trifling, must be spared th( horses. The dragoon should not be allowed to sit unon hi, horse, except when indispensably obliged to do so. arades and inspections shouldbe as short and as few as possible, anc the men taught and made to dismount at the first moment practicable. The pace, again, should be as slow as the service will admit of." You will find that the orders on this subiact are constant. I looked over my order-book the other day and I found n( less th3n 72 orders on the subject of the state of the horses. Not only did we lose 272 on their passage from Varna, but the horses landed in such condition that I should hardly have recognized them in consequence of what they had suffered al sea, and, I believe, also in consequence of their not havini been very well fed at Varna. Colonel TuItoch was then called, and addressed the board to the following effect --Sir A. Woodford, in cominE before you on this occasion it is to me a subject of deei regret that I shouldhaveto appear alone; andthat at a time when his assistance would have been so valuable to me ] should suffer under the absence of my valued coadjutor. Had I held merely a civil position I should probably have adopted the same course as he has taken, for, to me, nothing can be more painful than such scenes as the present; but, iD my capacity as an officer, it is my duty not merely to obey your cal but to be ready now and at aU times to afford te any other officer who may feel aggrieved by any act of mine the most ample explanuation, and, if need be, reparation is my powver. I am cheered in this part of my duty by the thought, I may say the confident expcectation, that the result of my statement wil have the effect of removing much of the asisunderstanding which I fear unhappily prevails in some of the matters under discussion, and which has pre. vented at the commencement those mutual explanations which both myself and my colleagues have always been ready to give, and which were so neceSsary consideiing the great range of public duty -which devolved upon us as Commis sioners in the Crimea. I think itnecessary, however, tc premise any observations I may make, or any proceeding, I may take before this board, by requesting that they may be distinctly considered as in no way affecting my colleague, because I have no riglrt by any statement or opinion of mine, given independentlyhere inthe capacity of an officer, to affect rim in his position as commissioner. Had there been no distinctionbetweenusin that resNctweshouldhaveeither stood here together or not at alL To have completed such a duty as was imposed on us without giving offence to some one by our conclusions was, indeed, scarcely to have been expected, but, however much I may lament the soreness and acrimony of feeling onthe part of some of the officers who may feel themselves aggrieved, both myself and my col league have at least the satisfaction of know;ing that by HIer Mfajesty's Government and the public their report has been considered temperate and moderate, and 1 have fo13 confidlence in this board ultimately arriving at the conclusion that it has done injustice to no one. Judging from the tone of the address of Loid Lucan to this board, I am apprehensive that he considers the commissionerE as actuated in their remarks by some feeling of hostility against himself and the cavalry. Nothing can be more unfounded. Of his Lordship I have no personal knowledge, and till the present hour have, I believe, never seen liim consequently, any ill feeling or ground for ill feeling, is out of the question; and I have too great a respect for the officers of cavalry in the Crimea, whose acquaintance I do enjoy to disparage in the slightest degree the fame which has been acquired by that arm of the service. But a want of promptitude and ingenuity in devising temporary expedients to supply the place of stables is certainly not a very heavy charge against them, when it ^an scarcely be denied that so severe a loss of horses as they sustained w as not altogether -without a remedy. Even the mere comparison of the loss sustained by the cavalry, artillery, aud baggage horses respectively excites Lord Lucan's indignation, though at the same time he accuses the commissioners of having concealed or misstated nearly half of the loss of the cavalry in that comparison, which they were certainly not likely to have done had they been actuated by the motives which he attributes to them. But, in order that I may enter on this and other points more in detail, I must refer to the printed report of the proceedings as given in The Times, which will, I hope, be sufficiently accurate for my purpose. PscsEsDsnT.-You had better refer to the minutes of the Court. A copy will be furnished to you. Colonel Tulloch.-The first objection taken by Lord Lucan is to the letter sent by us in answer to his representations addressed to the Minister of War, in which we stated that the examination of Lord Lucan in regard to the Cominissariat supplies, as proposed by him, could not, it is believed, bring out any information of any moment. Hie seems to think that he was the best judge of that part of the inquiry. Now, I wish to state the reason why we objected te him. In our letter to Lord 1'anmure we state that we thought the examination of Lord Lucan in regard to the Commissariat supplies could not bring out any information of public impoi-tance on that subject beyond what had been furnished by the officers of aU the regiments under his comrmand. If Lord Lucan shouldoffer any new evidence on the point it would beonlyright, we thought, togivetheCommissariat officers a similar opportunity of answering; and there would bo no reason why the same privilege should not be extended to -every one elseinterest This wonldbe, in fact, to reopen in England an inquiry commenced in the Crimea, and it was to be doubted whether any such result was expedient. Thereisanotherreasonwlichwedidnotenterinto,and itwas that r-ealreadyhad inthis Appendix a statement of the whole deficiency -from the 1st of J anuary, and p rior to the 1st of Janulary the deficiencies were to a very large extent indeed. At page 18 of our report we state - " With respeot to deficiencies of forage, which form the next branch of our report, there is very considerable difficulty in arriving at acenrate conclusions, because, previous to the lst of January, no account of such deficiencies was kept by the quartermasters of cavalry; but it is adnitted, both by the regimental and Commie3ariat officers, that very large deficiencies -did occur in the -hay and chopped straw prior to that date. There appeass always to have been enough of barley in: store or in the barbour, though there was occasionally mnuch difficulty in gettingat ilt owing toe tire crowded stAate of the shipping, and it vzsas at all timles dif- ficult to find conveyance for it to any cnsiderable distance. Tlhe hay and stcawv began to fall abouthblie 14th of Novemher, aLfter thegale in 'which so many :essels were lost-off alle coast; piror t to.thatatte no se-rio;ussd~e-flienciencis l';ave been establislhed. During the great sECarCity of hay nd ,ebraw, between the 14th of November and the 1st of -J.anuary, the Comnmissatiet seim to have been in iiearly tLbe - isaue difficulty as the qnaiatermasters in regard to furnishingany accuilatestatements of their issues. Tie forage had to ire sent up on the regimental Mt animals, 'there being no -other mneans of transport. It was often le before they reached Balaklava, and they were in so we_k a state that theannn sent with them could only venture to ,carry up a portion of the forage due; what was left behind would probably be considered by the synarternaster a srhort issue whilc,the Commissariat officer would, perhaps, hbld that he had m ma e an issue in full. Itis.aditte(l, on all hasthat 'here vwas great irregularity in -the arrangements at that time, whi -we hope will be eonsidsred a sufficient: sieason for our not,attempting to enter into sny details of the defi- eceanes at -hat period, It may suffice to state th-at Gh y must have bel n very considerab le iadQed, and, coupled wih exposure, w reD no doubt the gauze of crey heavy losss O ld inefileisncy." Now, wewere in that difflculty . it ;wass.iterly impossible to have catisfactesily ascertained t hie d4oa-iescies of that period, for there wp; nothing but confusion prior to tho lst of January. After that date we, with great difficulty, etsab lshed a prety fair return, in which the gr . agreed as to the state of the deficimncies. That w ilfoul in pag 58 of the Appen-dix, aned there you will see any deficiencies which we could establish in the months of Janumary, Feb- ruary, and March, and also what it was equaly necessary to give-namely, the supplies; for in many eases there was A great surplus in one article to make up for what was deficient sl another. I trust his Lordship, after this explanation, wilt believe that it was only owing to these circumstanes, and to the want of power in our case to open up in this country ai investigation which was closed in the Crimea, tAt we wc?e prevented paying that attentiog to his repre- aentations which he w shed for. N ow I comue i the pint J9JAti g t ty ame ng the cavalry horses. -r Luca' denied that on the 1st of October there was an bi"Avy cavalry in the Crimea; and he said this showecl the incorrectness of the commissioners, they haviug shted 1hat, taking the six months from: October to March inclusive, such nd such was the strength of the cavalry. XOW, that is a verystrongstatementonthe part of his Lardsh:ip, and it is certainly not a bad one to commence with ; but when I now hold in my hand returns forwarded to the War-office, showing that every one of the heavy cavalry regiments, with one exception, were in the Crimea at that date, I must say I feel considerably surprised at his Lordship's assertion. Here is the 1st Regiment of Dragoon Guards, Head-quarters, Balaklava, October 1, 1854; the 5tIh Dragoon Guards, Head-aqarters in the Crimea, October 1, 1854; the 4th Royal Irish Dragoons. Head-qksaxters, Balaldava, October 1, 1854; and the 6th Enniskallen Dragoons, Head-quaLters, Balaklava, October 1, 1854. Thlese are the facts, and if such returns as these, signed in each case by the comnmanding officer, are incorrect, in what position must commissioners be vwho were sent to obtain information on the spot? Lord Lucan procecds, "My sobject is solely to show the incorrectness of these commissioners. It is not wbether this report will tell mere or less to their disadvantage, but solely to show that whenever they treat of the cavalry these gentlemren are Anfortunately in crror." Now, if we have been in error, it has certainly been on the side favourable to the cavalry, as I shaU presently be able to show. His Lordship proceeds-" They say the heavy cavalry in the Crimea from the 1st of October amounted to 1,055 horses.' Then follows a long dissertation to show that we were quite in error with regard to the statistics of the cavalrylosses. Now, I think I needscarcely mention to the Board that there are two ways in which the loss in a regiment can be accounted for. In the one case you may say, III arrived in the Crimea with 1,000 men six months ago; my strength now is only 400; I have therefore lost 600; and the proportion is therefore 60 per cenrt." That is the ordinary mode of reckoning. You don't go into calculations of what was the strength of the force on the first of each month,-what number joined and what went away, but you merely make a rough statement, that out of 1,Q00 you have 400 left, and have lost 600, so that the loss is 60 per cent. Bnt, if it is to be gone into more minutely, there is another way by which you arrive at an average mortality, while the other is called an aggregate mortality. Starting with 1.000 men in January, and continuing to reckona loss of 100 permonth for six months, tho result is that when you add the 'whole strength together you find the average strength is only 750 instead of being 1,000, and yet the totZal number lost is 600; as before; making. therefore, your mortality, calculated upon that principle, 80 per cent, instead of 60 per cent. The question was, which of thesetwomodes of calculation-theitricate or the more simple one-was to be adopted? Now, by refering to the return of Mr. Deputy-Commissary- General Adams, page 69 of the evidence, which was really the only information I couldget in the Crimea, you will seethat there were no meansofgettinugto know how many were alive and how many joined. Tho other return would have been more complete, but it would have been infinitely more unfavourable to the cavalry, because, perhaps, it 'vould have been double the proportion:-"Transportiimported intotheCrimea since the andingofthearmvon the 14th of September, 1854horses and mules,,329; Maltesecarts, 296. Thetransferto the Land Transport Corps is not yetcompleted, the numbers will be about-horses and mules, 1,200; carts, 200. Issued for regimental and other purposes-horses, 160. In possession of Commissariat storekeepers, conductors, interpreters, and orderlies' horses 80. Casualties.-Died and shot at the sick depot at lKaranyi, since January 1, 1S55-horses and mules, 200; died from the severity of the weather, fatigue and oxp osure, horses and mules, 689. Ljost or destroyed, carts, g6." A mong these 'were upwards of 200 horses and mules which were lost. You 'will see the statement with regard to them in the correspondence between Lord Raglan and the Commissary-General, in which great fault is found that so manyshould be lost. UJpon that information with regard to thle transport, whlich wasthe only information I could get, I was obliged to construct my tables relating to the cavalry. Since I returied to the War-office I have been able to go into these returns more minutely-especially ato the aseimnum mortality among the horses, which I understand Lord Lucan thinks considerably less than it really was. The loss in six months is fearful. In the heavy brigade, I find that out of an average strength of 727 horses there died 501 in the months of Novemner, December, January, February, and March; and, recollect, not one of these livas lost in action. This makes an average mortality of 77 per cent. After this his Lordship will hardly believe that in our original statement we wished to injure the cavalry. I have a similar return with regard to the light brigade. The strength of every month is given; the deaths in that month are taken out, and I am almost afraid to say what the mortality is. Out of an average strength of 427, 394 died, showing an average mortality of 92 per cent. These are from the authentic returns, signed, if not by his Lordship, by his Lordship's officers, and I am certain that wten you see recorded such a frightfutl maortality as probably never occurred before, and will probably never occur again, you will not find fault witl me or with my co-commissioner for expecting at that time that every nossible effort would be made, everything attempted which human ingenuity could devise, for the purpose of remedying these evils. His Lordship will now, perhaps, see that statistics are rather dangerous tools. I must disclaim any intention, as his Lordship imputed to me, of instituting invidious comrparisons for the purpose of throwing discredit upon the cavalry. I perfectly well know all the dificulties under which the cavalry were labouring, and, after having shown that there was a mortality of 92 per cent. instead of 42, as we at first stated, I am sure his Lordship will be the last person to say that we ever attempted to disparage or injure the cavalry in any possible way. Lord Lucan next says that there is nothing so incorrect as our figures, except our facts. Refer-ing to ourreport he quotes this passage :-" The date at which the hutting of the cavalry comumenced was in no case earlier than the end of January or beginning of February." Now, I must say, it appears to me very disingenuous of his Lordship, after we ad sent to him a letter e.xplaining that this paragraph had no reference to the stables, again to refer to it. 'The paragraph alluded to is this:- "The date at which the butting of the cavalry commenced was in no case earlier than the end of January or beginning of Februlary, and it was not completed before the middle of March, by which time the severity of the season had so far abated that this shelter was of comparatively little importance. Considering that these men were within about a mile ofthe store where the wood might be obtained, that they had no work in the trenches, and that the only duties likely to interfere with the application both of horses and men to this important object was the carrying up of their own forage from Balaklava, and furnishing parties occasionally to bring dovwn sick and carry up provisions to the front (which seems never to have occupied more than about a fifth part of the whole), it appears strange that snore rapid progress was not made in obtaining the advantage of hut accommodation, particularly when they are described as having suffered so much in their tents." Now, as horses don't live in tents, I cannot imagine how tbim can be mistaken as applying to the horses, and, therefore, I have only to refer to the evidence upon which this statement is founded. In order that there should be no mistake, a series of circulars was sent round to each officer and this query was put to him:-*' At what date did you commence to hut your corps, and when w ere they all hutted ," To t;his Major lWardlawf, of the 1st R1oyal Dragoons, says:" Commenced at the latter end of January, and completed the hutting by the 1st of March' Lieutenant-Colonel Griffith, of the 2d Dragoons, says:-"I made requisition for huts, and got some of them early iti February, and the regiment was hutted partially (the issue not being enou-h for the whole regiment) on or about the middle of March last." Lieutenant-Colonel Forrest, 4th Dragoon Guards, says :-" First hut for hospital completed upon the 28th of February The duty men werehutted in course of February and March." Lieutenant-Colonel White, 6th Dragoons, says :- "In February. There are now five huts for the men and two for the hospital." Major Thompson, 5th Dragoon Guards, says :-" Commenced hutting on the 15th of February, completed on the 7th of March." Licutenant-Colonel Low, 4th Light Dragoons, says .-" On or about the 6th of February they were commenced, and all hutted by the middle of March, 1855." Colonel Shewell, 8th Hussars, says :-'The first hospital hut was finished early in February,and the ldst of the troop huts early in April." Lieutenant-ColonelDolierty, 13thLightDragoons,says:-" On or aboutthe 10th of February,and finished about the end of March." Major Benson, 17th Lancers, says:-" I began hutting about the beginning of February. 'T'he men were all hutted by the middle of March." In these replies you -will find our statement exactly borne out-namely, that "the date at which the butting of the cavalry commenced was in no case earlier than the end of January or beginning of February." I think you will agree with me that, considering the fact that these men had nottheusualtrench duties to perform, and had nothing that 'we know of to interfere with the ordinary duties, except to carryprovisions to the front, it is strange that they could not rmanage to complete this shelter. I will establish to you that there was a part of the cavalry unemployed. Taking all ranks except officers, I find that there ivere in the Crimea, in December, 1854, exclusive of the sick and offlcers' servants, 836 men in the heavy brigade - the sick numbered 130; officers' servants, 76; making a to number in that brigade of nearly 1,036 men of all ralks. In theLioght Brigade there were in December about 560 men, exclusive of siuk men on detached duty and officers' servants, or with these about 704, making altogether about 1,760 of all ranks, exclusive of officers and non-effectives. One-fifth of 1,700 is 340, and I find by the returns that the veryutmost number of men ever employed incarrying down sick was 180 in the Heavy Brigade, and 60 in the Light Brigade; making to-ether 240, instead of 340, which would be one-fifth. L5rd Lucan wil now admit that so far I hare understated the numbers, and my anxiety in apearin here is to state the full facts, which the pubA c may :arcuse me of baving withheld. Here are the returns, and one signed by Lord Lucan's Brigade-Major, and upon them I found my answer. The next rema*k I enter upon vith considerable pain, not for myself, but the noble lord who orininated it. His lordship, with the view apparently -of sligXlting the positionl of thoeommissioners, refers to the one as a Commissioner of Poor Laws, the other as the Statistcal Clerk of the Waroffice, ahe inference intended to be Arawn by the public being obidously that we could know nothing of the military subjects wge had to investigate. But for this inference I should ceatainly not have adverted to the remark, conceiving that it 4ould havo been sufficient for Lord Lucan that the one conwnissioner, originally in the army, bad held with honour and credit for many years the high position of .anbassador to . foreign State, and the otier, after being 33 years in the-asrny, was now holding Her Majesty's commssion as colonel, and that both had been selected by Her Majesty's Government for the performance of an arduous, a painful, and a dif}icult task. His lordship, I premme, must be aware that the position I have held for the last 14 years has been that of Colonel and Military Superintemident of Pensioners, involving the command of an armed force of above 15,000 men, besides the superinjendence of about fourtimes that number who are unarmed. A- his lordship has thonght proper, however, to refer to m v statistical services at the War-office, it may be proper to men:ion that I v:s, some three or four years before my ap;cointm,rit to coisppand the Pensioner force, taken from the effective strength of mY regiment a5 captain after serviog for ievemnd Ycar§ hi ISke Badt hWIAd) the 3igr Department of the Royal Military College, for the purpose of assisting in carrying through the nutnerous impo- , changes then making by Earl Grey, the Secretary gi W in the localities for quartering th troons. - le y e tropical climates, the mode of relit!; tief tor s, diet comLfort, aa health. These changes ba tohbe foundedi e not on loose opinions, but on statistical s- obrmaliounderived from a series of military returns and reports e ritendin over along seriesofyears. That tnTs m & tdon wpas reported by me too Parliament in a ser at ofrvolames wsimlretorthed presernt encountered a siFf l f Vop osIio smilf r tv tho officers, but was ultimatelt: qsrrie and ultimately attended with the happiest effect ot. ehandsthe Boatdewilyl concelve thatthiswasnoba trati'ng forthe duty which subsequently devolved on me in tb'0 Crimea, and that, though I am no statistical clerk of tLne War-office, as hislordship has pleased to call me, my connexion with that department anad with the science in question has, I am proud to say, been a good preparationf'or the strict investigations demanded and expected of meon the recent inquiry. I may add that when the advauts'ges attending these arrangements were fully realized by the loss of the troops being reduced on several stations nearly one-half, I was complimented by the Commander-inChief with the rank of Major for my success, an honour which, thus acquired, I feel prouder of than those on his lordship's breast. Mine was obtained by the saving of the soldier's life. I hope the present investigation will chow that his lordship's has been gained in a similar way, and not merely by his deeds of valour in the field. Considering the inference obviously intended to be drawn by Lord Lucan's novel designation of me, perhaps the Board vill excuse my adding that my next step of rank was granted severalyears after,for special service in Ireland, by Lord Hardinge, where, under his lordship's direction, in 1843,I had suaceeded in training, clothing, arming, and equipping, during a period of great commotion, and in different parts of that country, about 7,000 pensioners, who w ere subsequently kept up for some time, and thereafter extended during the next two or three years to about 15,000 throughout the united kingdom, and formed into a regularly organized force, which has since keen under my command. Perhaps this may be considered also no bad training for the duties which have recently devolved on me in the Crimea; it ought, at all events, to have accustomed me to that organization of masses of men which is so essential where an officer has to inquire into facts connected with an enormously large collection of supplies of every possible description, and in great confusion.) I am not aware that there are anyfurtherobservations which I have to make just now, but I shall, if the Board will permit, call a few witnesses to show the accuracy of our statements. There is one point, however, to which I have not yet a4verted, and upon which it is necessary to say a word. I deny altogether that there has been any aniuss upon our parts or anything of the kind; and, before proceeding further, I should hke to read the paragraphs which are complained of, I was particularly anxious that the sub. ject of "'animadversion" should be discussed, nnd I did not wish to appear here until that had been decided, but I have been compelled to come forward to defend the truth of our report. I should have wished to have the question first settled whether there had been any animadversion, in the strict legal acceptance of the term, upon any officer. I will just read the portions to which Lord Lucan objects - " With reference to the effect of the deficiency of forage and the other privations to which the horses of the army were exposed, we have ascertained the loss among them from various causes in the cavalry and artillery. A summary of the returns obtained on that head will be found at page 193 of Appendix, which shows the loss attributable to sickness to be as follows, for the six months from Octoberto I March inclusive:- On referring to the loss sustained by the Commissariat animals during the same period, it wrill be found rather less I than in the Cavalry or Artillery; the deaths among them I aving, according to a return furnished by Deputy-Commissariat-General Adams, amounted to about SS9 out of 2,329 riginally imported into the Crimea, or in the proportion of S per cent., a result which could scarcely have been esected, considering the advantages which cavalry horses might be nsuposed to have over hard-worked baggage animals, to whom little attention could be paid at such a e iod. Now, does it follow that because these horses happened to tie a little faster than others did that there is necessarily ny animadversion upon any one? It does not at all animad'ert upon the noble lord. We had a reason when we stated - his, but it had no relation to the cavalry at all, and if it Lad we have perhaps been guilty of improperly concealing some of the facts; but how those sentences can be construed into animadversion I cannotimagine. Onepart that is complained of is this- " The date at which the hutting of the cavalry commenced was in no case earlier than the end of January or beginning of February, and it was not completed before the middle of March, by which time the severity of the season had so far abated that this shelter 'was of comparatively little importance." It is tlle case that the liuts were put up when the men would really have preferred being in tents. The report proceeds:- " Considering that these men were within about a mile of the store where the wood might be obtained, that thev had no work in the trenches, and that the only duties like'y to interfere vith the application both of horses and men to this important object was the carrying up of their own forage from Balaklava, and furnishing parties occasionally to bring dowvn sick and carry up provisions to the front (which seems never to have occupied more than about a fifth part of the whole), it appears strange that more rapid progress swas not made in obtaining the advantage of hut acconinodation, particularly when they are described as having suffered so much in their tents." Now I should like to kmow whether there is any animadversion here. Lord Lucan's name is never once mentioned. I understood that no officer was to appear here uuless animadverted on; that his feeling sore as to the statements made in the report would not warrant him in appearing; but that as far as he was concerned there must be an animadversion in the strict legal meaning of the word. There is but one animadversion in the report, and only one; it is not upou Lord Lucan, and not upon any person in this country;* and when the person in question finds fault with it, I am reedy to meet him, and to explain it. But there is no animadversion upon Lord Lucan. His lordship may conceive that hins conduct is called in question in connexion with the state of the cavalry; but it is only, I conceive, when there isan animadversion onthe officer, andnot onthe corps, that an officer is entitled to appear. I come now to the opinion expressed in the report that "Considering, also, the suffering and severe loss of horses fronm exposure to the weather in the commencement of the winter, there appears to have been a want of promptitude or inigenuity in devising for them some means of temporary shelter, such as saved the baggace horses of the Sappers and MIiners at BalaUlava. Experience has now proved that even a very moderate degree of shelter would have been sufficient to save the lives of many of the horses, if not to maintain them in serviceable condition; and it must be presumed that such measures were considered practicable, for a proposal to erect, with the assistance of his men, some sort of cover forthe horses of the corps, appears to have been made by the officer commanding the Scots Greys, but the manner in which it is stated to have been received by the Lieutenant-General commandin' the cavalry was calculated to deter other officers from ma ing any similar proposaL." Now, there is not one word here stated with regard to Lord Lucan in the early part of this paragraph. The suffering mnd loss of horses might not have been Lord Lucan's fault; it might have been, some people would say, the Quartermaster-General's; but all I had to do was to state facts, leavina it to the Government to do what they judged proper in the matter. I was not there to inquire into the conduct of officers, but into the facts, and I think there is good n'isd fadcie evidence for supposing that what we stated was the fact. In the Crimea there has been always great difficulty with regard to stables, and the ordinary course, when proper stabling cannot be had, is to dig a trench about nine feet square, to the depth of tbree feet, and to throw the earth up to the height generally of two or three feet. That gives a shelter of about five feet, and affords a very great protection indeed to the horses. I. don't mean to say that it is the beat possible protection, but it is a vast deal better than none at all; and, judging from the results I Ln the Crimea-though I am not prepared to go into statisIticalstatements on the subjeet-I aveevery reason to say | that the horses which stood in that shelter did not lose onefifth part, or anything like one-fifth part, of those which were entirely exposed. This is not alL It is admitted, I believe, that sailcloth is a very great advantage; and that in three companies of Artilery which procured sailcloth it bhad the effect of preserving very many horses. Itis true that occasionaUy the canvas has been broken down; but still, in the cases I refer to, after the whole winter was over, it was standing when I vas in the Crimea, and in very good condition, which showed that by the aid of a little wood and workmanship it might be made very valua1ble. The first question is,-couldthecavalrygetsaileloth? Now,when we tail of ingenuity anddetperience, I thk one probabe means wich mright have been resorted to was thise:-At Kiamleach a fleet was lying, which contained upwards of 15 sail of the line, besides smaller vessels. On board of a 78-gin vessel-I wron't takeafirs,t-ratethere are 12,947 yards of ships' s<ails-more than an acre. In addition to thins, there are 7,844 yards of spare sails to replace the others. I am not quite sure but that there is a double set Of sails in addition on board a man of war. Will any one teU me that if there had been the slightest ingenuity exercised in a case of this kind, one of the finst measures taken would not have been to send to the admiral and to say, "Can you let us have, out of your some hundred thousand yards of *spare sails, 20,000 or 30,000, which will be replaced to you fron j Constantinople?" Itappearstome thatthis wouldhavebeena !implemode of proceeding; and one of the matters1was sentto inquire into was, whether every Possible means were taken jt o remedy the frightful state in which the troops then were. iThere were100,000 yards of spare sails; and after thatl hope weshall hear nonmore abont the difficulty of getting sailcloth. "B {Bu,"it is said, "rwe could not put it up without ea ters." Well, in this case alo, you had a large fleet -iUmg to give every possible assistance to the army, and I am sure ,hat if L3ord ucan had told tiem that he was losing at the rate, I think, of O00 horses in two months, there would not have been a carpenter or sailin tleadmiral's possessionwhich wouldnot hlve beeninstantlysent. With regarrdto carpenters, perhaps you ruay not- be aware that -there are 10 on board a first-rate, in addition to a large number of what are called *' handy men,' who are always taking a share in carpenters' work; in a secoad rate, there are 14; in a third rate, 13; in a fourth rate, 11; and so on. Now, there were then in the Black Sea absolutely 14 vessels above 50 guns, and I should say not less than 30 or 40 smaller vessels. What could have prevented Admiral Lyons from sending on shore 100 out of his 200 or 300 carpenters, and an indefinite quantity of sailcloth? But uppose; there had been no fleet at sall, there were in Balakl av harbour, in the mnonth of livember, 14 steamuers and 1b- sailiag transports, agood nun6rt of whinch were acting as ,store-ships ancd not using their KJls. Thus, when horses! were Pe.iing for t o gaileloth, the sailcloth Was lying .m thlis short $t-lance of them, ard was never -used. Tpon the 18th of November there were 12 steamers and 13 sailing vessels; on December 8, 120-steamers and 19 sailing transports, or, upon an average, cbout 34 vessels lying in the harbour of Balaklava, besides those which might hive been brought round from Eupatoria, 'and each of those vessels had two or three spare ret 'of ails -One set of sals mijht have been got frouii each, ot course by paying for it, and the ships could have replaced those -ailsat Constantinople, where there was a large arsenal with noships to maake demand upon its stores. -'These are some of the expedients which might have been resorted to. We shall hear of the difficulties in the way, perhaps, by and by, but as to any difficulty about digging trenches to shelterthe horses there could be but one, because there was the soil to throw out and build up, and the only other thing wanted was men to dig it. The frst point to be considered is, how muchdigging would be required and what time it would take. The cavalry we know areastrong class of men; capable of digging welL I can give the Board some information from a very useful book, well known to all, the Handbook for Fied SoMi4 in which the quantity of work a man can do is clearly defLned, and certainly not overstated, The task to be executed by men varies according to the hardness of the sell, from one to two cubic feet per man per hour. Supposing that to shelter two horses required nine cubic feet of digging, one man would accomplish it in one day, and was it not possible, from the 1st of November to the 13th of December, for the men to construct this sort of shelter? I found in November the total number of the Heavy Brigade was 946 mnen, and the Light Brigade 560, mahing together about 1,500, from -which sick and officers' servants must be deducted; butsurely even then there were sufficient to have constructed this temporary shelter in two or three days. It was not till the 12th of December that the horses were employed to take down the sic;, and I wilt hereafter refer to the evidence of officers to show how far such steps would have tended to the preservation of the horses, With regard to the huts for the men, if this temporary shelter had been procured for the horses, either in thewayIhave described, orbythe use of sails or in any other way, you might then have set the men to hut themselves, and afterwards, if necessary, to turn their attention againtotheshelteringof the horses. If these means had been adopted there would have been no difficulty, and the men havin,g more time coud have housed themselves much earlier than they did. The PBESI DsST.-Have you any questions to put to Lord Lucan? Colonel Tolloch.-I have a number of questions to Put to his Lordship, but I have some 'witnesses whom I should wish to call firt. I would like to examine Mfajor Thompson. Major Thompson (5th Dragoon Guards) was called and appeared, but explained that not having been summoned as a witness he was not in uniform. The P ISmDENT, after consulting with the other members of the Board, gave permission for the witness to be examined notwithstanding his appearance in a plain dress. Colonel Tulloch.-In what state were your horses early in December, 1854? Major Thompson.-In a very bad state indeed. Did your horses require shelter, especially at that time owing to being in such a reduced condition 1-Certainly. Were the horses entirely exposed when standing at their pickets after that severe weather, without any shelter whatever, and the cold freezing their bodies-I mean in December?-That may be correct to a certain extent. we had trenches dug for our horses in December, in the way you have stated, so as to prevent thewet getting to themas much as psil.1 Was that found to be of great advantage to the horsesSOf immense advantage. I cannot say whether all the regimnents of cavalry had the same protection; I can only answer for my own regient. I did not go mnch among t'he Light Brigade, butthe Greys had it to a certain degree. As much as they might have had?-I was engaged from morning to night among myow nen, and did not see much of what was talkng place elsewhere. At that time, in December, there were as many as 70 men in hospital, the consequence of 'which was that there were a great number of spare horses to be looked after besides getting forage. I cannot say how many men were disposable ; there must have been at least 100, but I don't know whether there were 150; I can't say exactly. If there had been 1oO men at work in diggimg the trench upon the ground that we had, it would have taken them, perhaps, about iwo days. Had you a sufficiency of trenching tools at that time?No, we had not. The trenching tools wvere very bad. Immediately men began to use it the pick bent, and was of no service whatever. We had no spades at that time, but the shovels were infamous, and broke at the handles the instant the men began to work. Was the chief difficulty the want of men or the want of tools.?-Both. If wehad hadmore tools we could have done the work more quickl. LI order to provide such shelter as I am spealing of then, it would only require plenty of tools, and then with 150men you could have put up good shelter for 150 horses, perhaps, in one day?-Yes, provided we had had plenty of good tools. Supposing you had had canvas and carpenters, could you have succeeded in putting up shelter of that kind more quickly9.-Muchmore quickly, and it would have been a bettershelter. Would it have stood the 'wind in your position?-I have my doubts asto that. It would depend upon the manner in which it wds put up. Of course. But suppose it had been blown down once or twice-all the tents were blown dovn, were they not t-yon could put it up again?'-Yes; with the material at hand such shelter could have been put up immediately. With 20 carpenters, plenty of canvas, and everything on the ground, I think shelter for the horses of one regiment might have been put up in one day. Did youlr men exhibit much ingenuity in providing shelter for their horses? W ere they good hands at it .9-Some who may have been labourers were better than others. But, as a general rule, did they show themselves, for cavalry soldiers, to be good hanIds at that description of 'work?-I shonldsaythey did. The exanination of the witness was here suspended, it being 4 o'clock, and the Board adjourneduntil Fridaymorn. ing at the usual hour.
NAVAL A?ND EL TARY INZ'ELLIaEGCZ,. The feet at Spithea was augmented yesterday by the Algiers, 91, C(aptain Codrington, C.B., from Portsmouth harbour, after refit; the lNautilu,s, 8, sailing brig, -ieutenant Doiling, manned by navil apprentices from Ply_ maouth; the Meteor, 14, steam battery, Captain Seymow,. from the Mediterranean; an& the Otter, steavessel, fron, the eastward, with-two new gunboats, The Beet Wll to day (weather permitting) rehearse the movements to be executed at the great review. An instraction to the following effect has been addresed by the Admiralty to Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, theo Corder-in-Chief of Her Majesty's ships and vessels at Portsmouth:- "The Lords Cormmissionors of the Addiraltv havin directedthtalltHerMajet's ships of -r andgunboats composing the fleet to be rTVIewed at Spithead onthe23al inst. by Her Majesty the Qaeen should be supplied with the best Welsh coal, not only to prevent Eler lajesty and theL company assembled being obstrlucted in their view of the evolutions of the feet by smoke, but to obviate the'chances of collision, the captains and masters of steamvessels.intending to be present at the review are requested to adopt the same, or other necessary precautions, to avoid the in_ convenience which may result from smoke, and are warned, should this notice be disregarded, thatit wi be necessaryto. remove to a distance." The John Bowes, transport No. 159, arrived at Spithead from the Crimea on Tuesday night, but without passengers or invalids From Siuthampton we learn that the Peninsular anc Oriental Company, in obedience to orders received from theAdmiralty, have commenced removing the horseboxes ansi other fittings from Her Majesty's steamtroop-shipHimalayas, now lying in the Southampton Docks. This vessel will at once be fitted for the reception of infantry, it being thel intention to give her early despatch to the Crimea, for thepurpose of assisting in conveying to England the soldiers of the English army remaining there. The screw:steamsbip Simla, belonging to the Peninsular and Oriental Company, which vessel has rendered much assistance in the conveyance of hozes and troops to the seat of war, is also t, be prepared for sea, and will be employed in bringing home horses and troops. It is expected that both vessels wMill be. ready in the course of a week. The General Screw Company have alsoreceived instructions to immediately prepareforse. the GoldenFleece,Jason,andCslcuLtta,nowlyingat Southampton. The Calcutta wll be ready totakeher departure on orabout Tlesday next, and 'wll embark the following officers and others for conveyance to join their respective regiments --To Malta-Lieutenant-Colonel Burrmester, ILE., on his way to Corfu. To Scutari-Rev. lr. Gilbomne, officiating chaplain to the army in the East. To the Crimea -Lieutenant de Carteret, 79St Regiment; Major Frend, 55th Regiment; Battalion Surgeon 'P. A. Bostocli, Scots Fnsileer Gnards; Majors F. F. Lennox and W. Barry; Lieutenants IL W. BriscoC and C. L'Estrange, of the Royal. Artillery. The Golden Fleece and Jason will speedily follow, and will no doubt, together -with the Calcutta and Simla, be employed in bringing home cavalry. The RoyalMail Company's steam transport Orinoco is still at Southampton, quite ready for sea. Her horseboxes are all standing. This vessel will, if required, be prepared at once to take part in removing horses and troops from thpe Crime& and Mediterranean to England. By the Peninsular and Oziental Company's steamshipEuxine, which arrived at Southampton yesterday with thoe Alexandria nails, we receive the following items of nyva and military intelligence from Gibraltar:-Her Majesty's steamship Ifegiera, 10 days from Malta, arrived at Gibraltaron the Ist inst. The steam transport Imp6ratrice left for Bala'lava on the evening of the 29th ult. The steam tras port John Bowes, which arrived at Gibraltar for Spithea* on the 29th nlt., experienced very severe weather during her voyage from Constantinople and Malta. Yesterday afternoon 52 Crimean invalids reached Strood from Portsmouth. On their arrival they were. received by a fatigue party from Chatham Barracks, who assisted them into the vans and ambulance-waggon for conveyanceto Chatha.n Second-class Surgeon W. J. Fyflc, MIbB., made the necessary examination of the invalids, when those requiring further medical treatment were talken to Brompton Hospital, and the remainder to St. Mary's Invalid Depot. The iron paddlewheel steamvessel Antelope, 3, LieutenantCommanderCharlesHI Young, latefromthe Coastof Africa, has been dismantled, and has retnrned stores in Woolwich. dockyard. The Antelope, having been four years in comrmssion, vill be paid off on Saturday. The paddlowheel store-transport Rhadamanthus, 4, Master. Commander E. P. Cole, was warped out of the outer basin, Woolwich, on Tuesday, and sailed yesterday with mortarbeds and gun-carfiagesfor Portsmouth, and steam machineryfor Plymouth. The Hesper, Governmnent screw steam-transport, 12-horse power, having completed her repairs, is waiting orders at WYoolwieh. The ordinary proof of gans and mortars at the Arsenalbutts, Woolwich, averaging about 12 or 14 daily, is still continued. An order has been received from the War Department by the Commandant at Chathamu Barracks, directing that the under-mentioned detachments are to be held in readiness to leave the Provisional Battalion for the purpose of embarking f, r the stations specified to joiu the head-quarters of their respective corps :-.th Northumberland Fasileers-X officers and the whole of the available men of the depOt, to proceed to the lMauritius; 37th liegiment-4 officers and all the available duty men belonging to that depOt, who will embarkfor Ceylon; 45th Regiment-1 captain, 1 subaltern, and the available men stationed with the depot, +o proceed to the Cape of Good Hlope. In addition to theabove, the whole of the available men belonging to the depot of the 12th Regiment are to be held in readiness to join the Reserve Battalion at the Cape of Good Hope. The following are the latest appointments made at the Admiralty: - George Burn, deputy-inspector of hospitals, on board the Minden, at Hongkoug; Edmund Waller, assistant-surgeon, to the Naiad; B. Luxmoor, paymaster, to the Emrmouth; H. S. B. Giles, clerk, to the Brunswick - J. N. Harvev, clerk, to the Vigilant; J. K. Ray, clerk, to the Exrmoutfih; J. G. W. Hoare, assistant-clerk, to the Exmouth; G. B. Westcott, assistant-clerk, to the Houe; ThomasMarch, assistant-clerk, to the Tictor- W.H. Horne, assistant-clerk, to the Coquette; Frank iittan, assistantclerk, to the E-mouth; A. A. Smith, to be lieutenant tothe Vesuvius; Alfred J. Veitch, to be master to the Kite - John Andrews, to be staff-surgeon to Lisbon Hospit.l;James Carmichael, to b¢ surgeon to the Algiers; George Clark and Du4ald llEvn, to be promoted to smugeons.
THE iMEDITERRANEAN. SOUTHAMPTON, APRIL 9. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship. EuXine, Capt. J. K. Joy, with the India, China, and Yediterranean mails, in charge of Lieutenant Tickell, RN, Admiralty agent, we receive dates from Alexandria. March 24; Mfalta, 28; Gibraltar, April L The Euxine wag compelled, in consequence of a derangement in the machinery of the screw steamer Alhambra, employed between Malta and Marseilles, to coiivey tie India mails to Marseilles on the homeward voyage, and left Marseilles forGibraltar on the Ist inst. This packet brings 44 passengers, and on freight 50 boxes of oranges, eight casks and 2 cases of wine, 15.3 bales of silk, eight bales of wool, 41 bags of gan, 84 cases and 2 bales of shawls, one box of ostrich feathers, one box of tea, 26 balesof flax, and 151 packages of general merchandise. During the outward voyage the Euxine experienced bad weather, and was detained 24 hours outside the bar at Alexandria in consequence of the piota not being able to reach the ship owing to the heavy gales. of wind. On the homevard voyage she spoke the ship Coronet off Marseiles, the brig Anna in Gib. altar Bay, the steam transport No. 12, in lat40 N., long. 5.45 W., and the Peninsular and Oriental Company's screwv steamer Pera, with the Alexandria mails, in lat. 44.6 N., lat. Q.20 W. At Alexandria wrere the Austrian Lloyd's steamship Calcutta, the French steamer Nil, the screvr steamer Clyde. with the Marseilles mail, and the transports Nos. 222 andc 174. At Malta were Her Majesys ships Royal Albert, Princess Royal, Terrible, Tribune, Medusa, Gladiator, Odin, Tartarus, Spiteful, Hannibal, Caradoc, and the Royal Mail Company's steam transport Great Western. From Gibraltar our dates are to the 4th inst. The intelligence of the conclusion of peace reached that garrison on the 1st inst. by a telegraphic despatch forwvarded from Her Mfajestys Consul at Cadis to his Excellency the Govemnor. Royal salutes were in consequ1ence fired by the garrison, and by EMer MIajestys steam-sloop Arid, and the Freneh Government steamer Phenuix. The vessels in thebay were also decoratedwithflags. TheAmerican steamerUnion arrivedat Gibratarfrom 1;ewYork, onherwayto theeediterranean, twith. despatches for the squadron, under the command of Commodore Breeze, on the 1st inst. She brought Mr. Brome, Consul-General for the United States in Morocco, and. family, who were shortly to leave for Tangier. The British. screw-steamer Arno, five days and a-half from Liverpool, arrived out on the 2d, and the steamship Teneriffe, also five days and a half from Liverool, reached Gibraltarthe Same dzy. The steamship Pactolus, seven days from Liverpool, put into Gibraltar on the 31st nit. The Peninsular and Oriental Conpany's screwv steamer Alhambra, nine and a half cays fromMlta, in ballast, for Southampton, reached Gibraltar on the 1st inst. The steamship Valettva, also belonging to the Peninsular and Oriental Company, four days and 20 hours from Southampton, en rozdc to Marseilles, arrived out on the morning of the 1st; she saild for her destination in the afternoon. The steampacket Madrid, with the Peninsultr mails, ched Gibraltar on the 2d inst. On the 31st nlt. a solemn mass, followed by a Te Dewn was solemnized at the Roman Catholic Church of St. Ma the Crowned in honour of the birth of the Prince Imperial of Fnce. It was attended by the French COnSul th Chancellier, the captain and officers of the French warsteamer Phonix, the foreign Consuls and many of the officers of the garrison and principal inhabitants. Just at the moment the Te Dcus commenced the Phcenix fired a royal salute. A. psiblic meeting has been held at Gibraltar for the purpose of considering the neceeMty of Ii hting the city with gas. The immedite establshment of a pa comnpany, to supplythis necessaryo at a moderate charzge, was proposed, Iana tne ptstonage and approya of the Governor in developwg tbs Qb@IIz wew aaitea
Saczlnd thousand, in onie vol.. 10s C. IT IGTS adthieir DAYS. By Dr. DORAN fb'Tri."London, Riechard. B=eyte, New Burlington- NIVS NO'VEL. by the Author ot -Ieela, "arig n l Li.fe."1-Jost readyin3vl, THE OLD GRAY CHURC,a oel. By the T Author of "Trevelyan." "Marrig nHg Life."' London. ltichard.Bentlley. New Eurilnston-street. -The NEW NtVEL.-Now rd.WOddition,inIol. t"LA1tA; or, Slave Life in Europe withaPrfe C.by SirARCHIRALD ALISON. lS. it ia the inte masiterly s.nddelightful wock of St cion ihwihw awe t01uintel."-MGlr5lag POSt. Lordon,. RichadBnl.Ne Briini-ttenstreet. TheGU,ARDS inthe CRtI.EA-.-Now ready, in See, with Portmat of the Dake of Cosobridirs, 1345 SN DIARY of the CRIEAN D JWAr. from the Depattur-ot the Guards to the CaPture of loestopoL. Londton, Richard1 Bentley, Publisher in ordiuary to Her 3Iaiesiy. ewrdyinpoet see., O's. C V1IE PRIMAY iICIPLESof RAOIG T Revised ant Alirproved by the Arebbishopof UB N. y ROBERT BgOYD KIID. DA. Perpetulal Curateofute.Sflk zlndou. Richard Bentle:y. pub:iah.r-irl ordinary to 1Her Moesty. SL GTIIIZ 's NEW Ot.owrayin2vt.lo,te HISTORY of RICHALRDCR WLLndth RE-NT011ATION of CM&PRLEN IL. ICy 3. tI .Ate .of H1Fistory of Oliver CromweIL-.- History ofthEglsReot15." Looen.Itild U-ntlcy. publiAher in ordinary to Hefaie"ty. A PUPULAIZ HI TOlty Ot the FFi'ACY.--Thiis dlay is PublL'hed. cecaper elition, in 2 rots. Sma.. 2-e,- HISTORY of thle PAPACY to the PERIOD of theIiZIRMA.TON. By the re. J. F- RIDDLE, Author of -The Latin Iwi.tlio Dictlonsry'." Mr. Riddle. an accomplished selsela, ad sno,e1l cinlrczn.an_ byT making this work a political history. arnd Lot a theol.Virai one, his added greatly to it-s interest. arit nindo it soirat he wished-onle wrIl calculate.i fsr popular rcnding."-Notes .aesd Queries lendon, Richard Bertley, publihder in ordinar to Her In fcap. Sev.. price to. 6d., fanicy boards fl1HE SOLITARY HUgNTEPR; or. Spoxting Adven- JLtures in the Praicims By JOHN PIALLISE R, Fsq. With eight 311usiratiens ihn,vnfront actuial sketchIea. `Theromsantleadventures ~ad. lair-breadth e-Tso- ofe the 'sst'tary Hin tee~ equal, if they do *~iot surpa~s, th-ose of the far-famed Gordon Cusmsinag Or Jules G6rard.` london. Geo-'pe UIos-tted-n andI Co.. 2. Farrinsplon-strew-t. tIes DE2OSED KING of OUDE.-In emnaU post Evo., price 5s., cloth! extr:l gilt, T HE PRIVAT E LI FE of ani EASTERN KING. By WILLIMAM K{NIGHITON. Antitlir of "Forest Life in Cecylou.' With liustrationsbl,y acrion Weir. ex,pressIyly esigned fec this, the 4th editiorl. -In this work is prominently beouglht to our motice the private life of the now deposed King of Oude. It sbould be re.d by alt interested. in the erpsnsien of our Inalon territory, it being a, book of fiict, and riot Of fiction." London., George Routledge isad Co.. 22. Farringden-str,,et. 'WEBTER's DtCT10NAIY.-The sixth and only complete See. editi,ma.-In one vol.. royal Sve., price i6s.. cloth extra. `¶7BSTEI-s DIC,T loNARY of the E-NLLISH TV L.ANGUAGE. RivdadelrebyGO IC.Notice to the t-ublie.--This editioni of Webster'sa Dictionary. so generally known. endf universally acknowledged the" et inthe English langusige. is4 thle one orgialyintruoaced into thiis c,ountry by tie propiseivors of teIllustrae . Lond-nl News. a3nd by tbem most extensively cieIzted. It is now the property of the advertisers, who particularly desie tocauion o cstsss spine theman abridgments nowv lease:d. Becindostee. Lndn;an I. lusma.crct.New York BOOKS for the COUITRY.-NewVYolrnes.-In tcp. Svo., pa.co is., c.oth cover, THE FLOWER GARDEN; or, the Culture in the TOpen Ground of Bulbous. Tuberous. Fibrouc Rooted,. and. Shribby Flasers. By F. SEEBIASTIA DELAMRREl. Also, price ls. each.- 'The Kitchenx Garden. By E. S. I The Poultry, Yard. By Mica B. D esane r W a itts Ii m c An,nlig. andI Where toD Go. By The Ilonre. P.; Yo nt aniCei llicd.zey cage n.nd Singing Birds. By H. Pigr-,s and'i Ialbbits. By B. S.~ G. Adams Delsa ec Small Farms. By Martin Doyle Becs. Bly the rev. J. G. WoodI Londan. Gvorge Routledge and Co., 2, Farrirtgden.-stret. An. extraordear Work of great Int-scee and exciting Advcnrure.-In fcan. 8eo., price Is. Cel.. boards, TiE PIRATES of the TMISSISSIPPI. By F. TGEMSTAECKET'. T`is really amusing work. 12.CCO of which Amnerica" at the time the Union wvas first formed, when crews of pirate-s t3letos possess-on of rome of tire islanl!'- that istud this mnighty river, by their nihl vnesteermcriddismasy and terror for miles around. It containls graphic dtescription., of izenery. excit- irs aventure,o a~d stirring senes, which remind the reader strongly of the Tre ly et of Cap-tajin Marryat's famous itctiens. Londn., Georsie foutleslge and Ce,.. 2. Fars-indon-sireet. Now ready. price 7s. 6d., fep. 4te.. rliHE LAY of the STORK: a Poem. By MiNss AE LOUISAk STUART COSTELLO). London. W. anid F. G. Cash, 5, B3isbo:s.igate-earLet. Prire Is. CoL boards, powt iree, THE ALPHA.: a Revelation,~ but no M stery. Third T edition. By IAN- DENNYS. *'Thisisareenm abesoinevery way"-tisec'nn. London, CToss H. (iborire,I. 2 Poteroster-row. In our- val. isupseiat 410.. aloth. 4,is., half-ruorocco. lOs.. JjURIAL AICORITECTURE : a Ser-ies of Desi_gns .Lt fo On.snetnlCotags ad ills.Exemplifed in Plans. }Iev.ct,o"s Ssrstiolls. enld Details. Withi Descriptions. By JOH_N WHITZ. Ar uirs.tlaoki- a=d So-, W2r-icek-squnxe, city. London, oat Gla,n-.-v and Edinbnargh r. Just p1esbLibed. price is., O UR NATIONAL ERRORS. Viewred in eon- nenon will the Rev. 3ie. Carir 's Sermon to royalty. on Iterso ii Cunmn Lfe ByG. . HNR. o Hul.London. Richardrss. Brothers.Z Ce Asl;Hl,A T. W. Long, 15, Soiville-atreet ; York, Beilezby and Son. Stoner .te. T HE EVILS of VA-CCIN2ATION, writh it Protest aantits Legal Enforc-ement. By GEORGE S. GIBB.Ln dnJonChal-man. S, Kizng William-street, Strand. Now ready. lrice 15.. C OMPULSORY VACCINATION, briefly eon- ssederesi in zfa cientific. RElig;i,us, anda Politic:al Aspecis ; being a 1etter toc the Rig-ht Honl. Sir B. Hall, Bart., lIP_ Presileat; of the B~,.d of liv.dzh. by JOHN GIBBS, F--I. whicIs letter has been, ret,-ed to the iHouse Of Cowmnto= on the maotion of Mir. Brotherton. an5 ocr&a-l to los printed. Withi Atilendices. London, Wills and Soteruan 15. :S-r,,,d andIO0. LittleT'rower-street, just published,L fep. cee., 2.s, Cd.. E.2'DACEES:the-ir Causes and their Cure. By H (1 C . WIRiGHLT. M D., Phtysician to the St- Pancras Royal .' pe,nsary. Lond:~on. John Church.ill, New Iurlington-strect.' Just poohlLsed. piet Sve., cloth. 5s. Cd.. ~HE REMEDIAL I-NFLUENCE of OXYGEN, T't,'vll, (xyle. au-l other Gases. Electricity and C,alvri-sm. to Oxid-iz tl- tv. t restore healithy secretions of the liver, kIdnys 3XVl mmi. funct-oss of pir-Lyril)zO limb--, &c. By EVAS tLtBIt.K ILD. to. Lvoturer on Surgery to tilt tnunteriun School of Medicine. Londo3n. J. Chuarch'ill. New Bartiniso-ostrect. Thie tiagh edition. with ceensiderabld edditimus, priceIs.., "'N THROAT AILMENTS, in connexion wvith N-FDef-ects ci' Voice., Speech. and Hearing, cough, susceptibility to co' d, rtnsal el.trssction, impetrfect health in young revons, &o. By ,TAS. Y-EARSLEY, Surgeon to the M.etropolitan Ear Infirmary and 'OrthoDphonic11 Inst-itutliin, Szck-vlle-streiet. Author of" Deafness I'rac- Mr. VERRALIen the BP.gNB-vIt~h edition, price Is. e.. bypo,t2Is., TATERAL CURVARTURE of thic SPINE, wvith a -&.kJ :-th&- s(f Treatment. for securing its efeectral re-moval writh' out thle recess'tY or constantly lying 7oe-n. By CHAR1LES VERRAL, F-I.. Surg;,on to the Spinal Hoqpital, Lcndon, Autho)r of " The Spine: its CarvaturesanDd otherlDisease." do. Leaden. JohnCthorthill, New Baziintor,Dr-street, and all booksellers. .1 not published, post See., cloth. 5s. Cd.. ONl IRRITATION of the SPINAL NERVIES, nis -7the Source. of ladTgestion. Nervousness. Spasm. Rheumatism. Faasi,and T)s-Ranment 0f th-e Organs of ti:-e PFelvis, edo. By, EVAN.ST RAOltlS. Lecturer on Surgecry at the Hunteran School of Medicine. W Ne can conscientiously recommenid Dr. Riaklore's work for its merits."-Lancs!t. London., John Churchill New Burlington. L co.. cloth. price 12le. Cd., O N RHEU'-IATISMI, Rbetnantic Gout, and Sciatica. By HMNRY WILLIAM FULLER. 3ILD.. Cantab, T.R.C.P.. AsIt 1 -hysician to St- Geo.rge's Hospital, &do. "We earnestly reconemend a careful perusal of Dr. Fuller's poges."-ILancei. Th"e profession ban received from the hnnds of D.Fuller a very vjrnlnae additiona to medlical literature."-Edin. Mc.nthi; JournaLl, London. John C hurchill, New Burltngton-etreet. T STRUMI TulE of the tTPtET H RA.-Just published,. price Is., O 'N RECE-NT IMPROVEMEINTS in the TREAT " EYNT of STRICTURE of the URKETHIIA. By JAYMES AliIN'OTT. M.D.. late Superinten,ding-Stirgeon at SI.Helena. Also, A Trea,ti-ec-nSeict,c~ue ad Stone. Ss. Cas-es llns~tr,stie-eof the Dilatatlon of the.Urethra &-c., by the Distendion of a Mczt,bennons Tube. is. Cd. Measures constituting a new era. in the treatment of these diseaFes."-Medlcs I anid Physical Journal, John Churehill. New. Burlington-ttreet. Jnit publisshed. price 4d.. post free. COD LIVER OIL, its Mledical Use, Kinds, andl Var,ietics aezzlterte,d andl spurious Compounds. WVith numerouts Cases- wiceosifulty treatedt by the most eminent foreign and British mnedicatl practitioners. London, A;r-e. Hlarford, and Co.. 77. Stranid. Thirdl edition. price Is.. of Is. Id. pee-paid, O N SPERMIATO1RRHLE-A. By J. L. MILTON. Revprintted fromthe orniginal par-ent in the Lamoet. "WVedo not think the sibest could have beenbhandled in amoco unexceptionable and Judlicious rriamner."~-Iedical Circular. London, Kent and COD., Paternoster-row, Just. published. peiceCoL, post free. pAINLESS TOOTH EXTRACTION, by corg-Oftlie. itoutchorfor (EMItK OI.Byj.1.WHITEINIAN 'WEBB3. LS.A.., Surgeon-Dentin, John P. Shaw,Souithampton.-row, and Patermoster-row. Mr. IWeTbb opera tes daily from 10 to 4. at 21, BSnuthnonpt,u-strect. Bloom.obury-ciqeare. Price 5s. Cd.L. free per poet. Illustrated witll numerous Cases, ON~ NERVOUS DISORDEIRS; especially -when 0 rsising from Functional Deran:rement of the Liver, Stomach., Heart. Uterus. Kifineys. or other Organs, or from the Effects of Tropical Climatesr. Intem~perance, &c. Bty Dr. MADDOCK, foermel Phy-sician to t's Mrailing Lennrtic Asylulm. kc. Simpkin,. MNarlsball, and Co.. Stationera'-court.; o. Bai'llillre. 219. Regent-street. Post free, Is.. A TREATISE on AC, CIA CHARCOAL (anfl the ZS Antis-e:ti.c Lawrs) in CO'NSUMPTION. Ulceration, soil Irritation of thte Mucou,s NTembra,ne. permatorebees. Indigestion. with Nervoiusness. Is invaluable inaslt cases, v,here tories are prescribed. By W. WASHINCGTON EWANS. 12. r,eeard-street. Pehlarose-hill. Just published, cloth. 2s".. or hy post 2& 6. i, T HE DIAG NOSIS and TREAkTMNENT of SYPHI- LLITIC DISEASES. B r LE.ID.lI...LSA.c 'LConcise, yet comprehensive-the suibject is folly discussed. ecientif1ealt;anodpractically. Is calcuilateLdby tho juriicioiisadvice it conta3ins greatly lo 1,enefit thosea for whom it is intended. London, Rippolyts 33,ilIase. 2i9.Regentt-street. __ Price 44-. -cby past of.f. Mi. Horton and Co., Ipswich, 5... CONSU.NPTION : its Best Treatment in all Cases andI Sta;e". AlUso the Beet Preventiv.e Treatment. By Dr. B. Fifth edition, price S:. 6d., postage free, with Cares, CONSUMIPTION, Bronchitis, Astlmas, &c. success- fiully TiEtkTED. By Al.FRED B. MADDOCK. M.D. "One of the chief advantages of the author's treatment is, that the remedies are directly o-tplied to thc air passages and lungs, which parts, it is obvious. cannot lc reached iby medicines received into the stomach. Numerous inlteresiir.g caes of recovery are appended. and the lisphest anthorities are cited in fivour of Dr. ?.t.'s practice."-Literary Journal, Simspkin and rlitoehall. Btatiooeas-hell-ecourt. NEW WORK on CONSUMIPTION.-Jiust publishel, second editioD, with plates, 5s., by post, free. -s. 4d., CNONSUMPTION: its Causes. Prevention, and Cure. t By TH0MA'LS B.BARTLETT. M.D. "The treatment recommendea by tihe author is founded upon genemal principles which appear to us to be correct."-3 edlic Times and Gazette. " We can saiely recommeLd it, ES consaling Eound viewVs and consonant with the knowiledge of the dv7."-Dul;iin M[edical Press. "A sterling rork.-Bm. "No fainily ever visited by consumption ought to be w -ihout tlh bcok."-Standard. "Good sense and scientfil knowlcdge are th e chief c2naraoteristies."-Globe. "Dr. Bartlett is entitled to our thansrB."-Press. "We renmark in every portion of tbe booksound practical te-nse and great medical kno-ledge."-Bell s Weeldy Messenger. :-Dr. Bartlett's volume has hetereted us very much."-Economist. "The volumo will be found of much scrvice."-Morning Advertiser. 'W'e conltdentlyrecommenda careful consideration of its details."Zrorning Chronicle. " A vNalu.blo contribution to medical literature."Morning Post. "Not nafl-elyto effe^t a considerablerevolution in the medical treatment of consumpticn."-Mornimg Herald. H. Bailiere, 219. P.egeot-strect. f,ondon. Just published. cloth, plater, 3s. C(l., by post 4s. 2d.. j-UGHT PILES, Psolapse, Fissure, Fistula, to be. I " CUT Or TIlS-XN0-o. Can they be Cured without Cutting or Tying?-Yt3. The doubta and dangers of o:ration superseded by treatment esmple. safe, end certain. WVith Cases. By ANDPREW pA.UL, Surgeon. "One ofthe most important imProvementg in modern conser.ative surgery." Dalir. Regent-street and New York; or of the AsUior. 29. Upper North-pince. 3ecklenbu=gh-squaie. JuIt published. reo.. cloth, 5s., by post Ss. sd., S TRICTURE of the URETHRA: its Complication, sy:mptwoms,4 and Treatment: safe and efficient Mlode of Treating its iaiors Intractable Forms. With Cases By RBER]:PT WADE, E,R.O.l., Surgeon to tho Westminster Dispensary. "M3r. WCde has .. * 'i £reet attetitloi to the subject, ^nd is deservedly lo^oked upon ass an-*; athoityithsis ratter,"-Med-iizt Timne. " The w.hole volumue is gof~ ~crscj gad im.^Drtant infornsation."-Rlaniai'e AbsAhtract of 12o.pie3S d.. HiE TURKISH CAALRY DRILL: in Turkish Tand Engllish, ComnpiledI by G. A. IIAIITMALN, major, Corm- licdng S R cnt Cavalry, Turkish Contingent. 1ondoxn, Joh-n 'W. Prker n= 445. West Strand. In post Svo., price 7s. Cd. the fouirth, edition, ReTised and -Au&- meneted, of r11HE ANGLO-SAXON CHURCH: its History,I .JReTenues. and General( haracter. Ily HENRY`SOAM1ES,AlLA., Chancellor of St. 1aul's CatisedrA, London. London, John W. Pre .and Son, WYeet Strand. Ivo., price L&.. T HE OSITON and F~UNCTIONS of BISHrOPS T sEOUPR COLO3NIES: a S3ermon preached Ln the Chapel Of Lam- beth I'alace. ono Mond.y, Mlarch 24. IS56, at the Coinsecration of theL Bishop of Xingston, by the Rev. JAMES SHERGOLD BOON E, Incumbent of St. John's, Paddington. Lately published, by the same -Author, SennnsonrionllubecteandOcasins. vo., Its. Cd Lonidon. John W. Parker and Son. West Strand.- Now ready, price Is. Cd., "XFORD ESSAYS for ISMi. Contributed by Members of the thiiyersity. Contenits:-l. CoLparmtive MythLo;vgy By Max Muffler. M.A.. Christ Church, TaYloreen i'roes.sor2. The Growth of Laws~ and I siages of WsxL. By Mfoutaga Bernard, II.C. E... Trinity Colllego-3. The Rapbael D-avrings in the University Gallrie. B Oln Rv. eore Btle. .,UAte Yellow of Exeter Colegs4. he andSysem f Ielad. y Wllani,O'Cornor Mornia. lt.A. OielColege5. Ntioal durtio. By the Raw. F!rederick Temle,M.A. lte dllwoflillil Cllee-S CalornganlRomaLnce. By ichrd ohnRin. M.. xetr Cllee-I Reiewof Mr. Con- Pellw o Unieinty ollee. ondo. Jhn . PakerandSon, Just published. 8vo.. price Is", ACT'IC RENVARDS and their CLAIMANTS. AR Loodon. T. H.tchard. 187. Piccadid.ly R~oyalau?no_ Ai6 pages. pirice Is. ICittcvec Libraryl. Is.- id, best edition, T ECOTTA1GER's KITCHIEN, Fruit, and Flower TGAERDENS. withi full dIrections for the managemnnt of stich By .7.H. CLARK. Halifax. MIiltierandISo.eerby; and all bookiefsece. With six l)~ds of Pates, andsevera1 Wood cuts. andabouit 10pagos of explanatory letter-press, price 2z. boards~, or 2s, Cd. bound in cloth, derny Ivo.. HEA-LTHY HOMES, and How to M1a3ce Them. Dean and Son. 31. Ludgate-hill; and may be obtained of all booksellers. N"ow ready, price Ig. 2d., Pact VII.. for teunysafterEatr TIHE SEASONS of the CHURH, hat they T Teach :a tSeres of hormone on the ahtrnt ie and Occasions of the Christian Year. Edited by the Rev, HENRY NLWLANiiD. London. J. and C. Mozley. 6, Pat-srnoter-row. No,w published, Fe-onid edition, price Bs.. by post is,. ad, PRACTICAL DRESSM1AKING: a 'Mode], coIn1- bin.s with Instructions and l'Atitrns. to impart. without. the aid of a teacher, a perfect method, of lltting. inivaluiable to Lad!-ea'maids. To be had nf Hfarrison. publisher. 59. Pall.nmall; and of the authsr, Mrs. BARItttT 6, Upper Berkeley-street, I'ortmia,r-%quare. J-ust published. half-hounet rumsr.isLt11g l., VYLD's ]ar"'e FOLIO ATLAS, containing 67 Mylapsis lnaluing all recent,dsoeie This is' the largest and best atlas published. Smasller atlase,sof every de..crptioni. Jatmes 'Wyld. geOogmpher to the Quecen. Charing-cross east, next door to the post.oiice. and 2. Royal Exchange. 4to. Tniperial. SW,C.-OOLS andI SCHOO- HU001Viws perniussioi to theArchnb!isop olf-Canterbirv and Bishoipstof ro,heste-r and Oxfo'rd. By JOSEPHI CLARKE. F.S.A.. Dliocesa.n Arch:iteetof Canterbury and Rochester. London. G1. Boll Fle-tet oseph Mtasters. New Bond-street. Oxford, J. H1. Parker. 'Mr. h-eritaurt IANNITING on the MARIzIGt,AF QUJE,.T1UN.-3JnstI Wuhishe1 second edition, dedicAted by permaission, to Lord Lynd1(- ur)tB ERVATIONS on the DEBATE in the, HOivUSE Of LORtDS, on the 25th of Februaary, 1SIl, ipon1 thle miotion of the Eatrl of St. Germnaue. for the FecondI reading ef a Bill to Ma-ke Lawful Marriages wvithiii certain of the Prohiibited Dlegrecs Of Alir.ity: and on the Debate in the Houcoof Cororonson rhloBlarriag:s Bill. during the Session oif 1&w1; with observations on the I'eport of Commins_ioners appointed to inquiire into the ILaw of Divorce. Ily JAMES MANNING. Her Majesty's Ancient Seriesuit-at-1Lawv and Recorder of Oxfo,ed.-Londoii. W. GaB. hnnig and Co.. 43. vleet-street. rI'0 ANGLERS.-CHA-'RLES FAhI OW. 191, atimoderateplrices. New catalocue3gmrtis.- ]FLY-FISHING EQUIPM~ENXTS, lOS., ~21S. a-lt.) 4ts.h: Salmon ditto. 72s. and l12s Zt: bottomo 6ishiur.i.. Is. au, gut in the wrld. fs,-JOtN ~ 131g. Oxerdustre t!% Ie RCEYEQUIPMENTS for LA'DIES, l. A 33s.. and75.. for gentlemen.n 25.. 13J.. 40S.. n ts i 4 rove sueirtare CI.: et it.s : gentlemenf's bes't -elf o-.CX,. lais siOIN7 CHER , 132 c, Oxford-street. New Ca't Zv cs o prices end archers' guide, gratis. Y ABELS CUT by AIACHlNERY.-AdhesivQ-. for J mnarking goods-, Is. per 1.000; dispeneing or chyinical,1. I&S., keti in stock;: with name and a4dress,2tie : mixture, pill. &C.. etunllytnUtM%e rate. An assortment of labels for all trades. 00tntracca With Isrri' consunmers-J. CRtOSS and SON. engravera. machineo printers. heio-'O gra.he,rx. atod stationere 1S, Ifoibore. E,-etablishted ISIS. X TATCH!ES, Chronometers, Cloc ks, by -. WV WRISTER, Chronomnetsr Makl.er to2 the Lords of the Aii ralty and thxe East indis Company, at as lows3 price as is consistent with maintaining- that character fo- supe-riority of wvorkmna-sbip) whi ch hasditiguihe hs hus fr 10 sas.Theprizes givenby Gove-n.1 ment for the bes pea-forming rixonometers were awmarded to R.I 'Webster three yersinsisceson:,t. iseA).lf.-4 e,-0 7ATCHIMAKERS and GOLDSM1THS.-- V VHAWLEYS'. 1200, oxford-street. and 28~4. Highi Holborm, (froma 75, Straend.ant Coventry-strcet).-.Elegaut GOLD WATCH ES, &rsWelled in fouar hoes. horizontal inovement, £3 ifs.: gold lever an dupl watch es, highly fdr.ished. from 12 guiineas in 35 guiineas ; silver watches. jewel-led in, four hole-, snaintainisig power. richly.engraved_ cases and dials,~ £2 is. ;silver lever watches, from £ XS 1s. to 16 guineas. Fine, Gold Chains, cornmsencing, at zli l0s. cacti. 1- ES-.LE ROY and SON, chronometer watch, A JESSIand lckmaniufacturera to the French Adsirzalty 3ad1 Galecie Merrtrensier. Palais Rtoyal, to whom ta-a medals hiave been awarded at the last Paris Universal Exhidbition, beg to inform their nuineTrun vatrons tha-t they have opened a BRANCH ESTAISLISH1. BIEN-T. 2216 Regent-street. Learly opt-osit e the Polytechuiclnstitutic.n, Where will be found the came choice assortment of goeds, and at the msine termis, as in Paris. lDEiNT, 61, Strand and 34 and 35, Royal HE-' F hag,hrnmseWtc edClc laker by appointmernt to he uee an PrnceAl'ert coe ercesorto the late 15. J. Dent Ien eihispaledt ritht an bustclsintessa at the Paboveshos andverat thebi clock acdcompars fatoy ath bove fiattering rastermonil croempeteull inatc hepsb. atronoal turrect5iand oftheir cLocD dipLeidNsops and exen pieatenrtsips cmpses(ue on JWILLY l boarde Hnrh premsWsy-W. adieS gtold ancesd Brgdeineas gensmtleens,1 guineas;y 1tHeron iletasrlveet, watd chles.y£ Co s.; chuch.cok,wt opnainpnuu,£5 FDAbriue.-A Bpwu.S A THERYadSONan BmGDnuf havtuing t iol,accmpniedz,1 byd the aobove . t onatterith tesimnil, kscful invteth pbli t a ispetin f heiGLDCHIN aONd eatnd FoleKSorotnto7f4d e omiceLLRY all maeotepemditte s.-Wtlertoune and Brogdewn. goldethswi gesnfctral use, Heritthearsticeet Cov ent-ard ihen:Establisedve a "').1798 Nrice Aseay mun do: ohan andijwllePtery tor. s. each, d iesPteno.S . ead 12T lbeesmity, I and 42, Coajl London. opGonsitea th Bank of 12Dasetdi-thebs wrough 6ddla Dettertn it SIVE SPOON and 12ODessat I d. e une ito.274 6 Quesenrs pateistt to25 7 e. Cd.p 2 GTabeSpoons 10a7 4 1 OI 2 TravlSpcons 12t 76 15080 iSoupLDadle 10 7 4 3114 1 SoupLadle 11 7 64 2 6 I Sauce ditto 0 70 38 4 SaucePditto 12 8 0 4166G 4salSpeoslstonggilt) 1 0 0 4 Salt spoonaero"it) 22 I Fish SlielperedJ , 2 10 0 Fishhiclvee5) 50 ItiTaSpoons 10 710 31841 2Teap s 1 12 0 i Pair SugarTongs ,, 010 1 PaiSuarcns 50 The Guide to th extenai-ve Stock int thcewrosonis the weights anid doscriptions of sllver plate, with copious issformhation respecting Shieffield or electra-plated ware, illustrated with engravingr it xoss be had gratis, or will ho forwaded, post free, on application. ELKINGTON and Co., Patentees of the Electro' Plate, masnufacturing silversmiths, brouzists, &c,, hog to Intimate that they have added to their exteinsive stock a large variety of NEW DESGNS i thlehighest classof art, which have recently obtainedfgol them at the ParisExhibit-ion thedecomatitenof the cross of th,eLegionol Honour,asewelsstthe Grar.deM%ednflle d'Honneur(tho oul,yonea,cceded to the trade). The Council Medal was aleo avakrded to them at the Exhibition in 111 Each article bear their mark, E. and Co., under a Crown., and articles cold as being plated by Elkinetoni's Patent P'rocess aff-)rd no guarantee of qTmlity.-22, Regent-street, and 45. bloorgatstreet, London: and at taieir mranufactory, Nesrhall.atreet. Birmiing. harn. Eatimateasand drawi-ags Font free by post. lte-platin andegilding, r"IRDH PE8RFECT SUBSTITUTE for SILVER,- Tliereal NICIEL SILVER,introdueed 20ye=arsaob1-W.ILLIA2d S. BURTON, whlen plated by the patent proe, of3ess.Elngo and Co., is beyonid all comp,arison the very best article next to sterling silver that cana be employed as such, either useully or omamen'tally, at by no possible test can it ho distinguished from real silver. Fiddle Pattern, Thiread Pattern. King's Pattern. Tea Spoons, per dozen ISs. . 2Cz, .. 12. Dessert Forks .. 0.SO. . . 405,. . 44s. De-sssert S poo ns W. ls. . 42s. .. 43s. Table Fork-s .. a0. .. Id. .. Ss. Table Spoons .- , 40s. .. SO. .. CO Thie new Brnsawick pattern the samne price as the thread. Tea and coffee sets, waiters, candlest.icks, hr., at proportlounto prIces. All kindIs of re-plating done by thle patent process. Chymnically lpore Nickel, not Plated. Fiddle, Thread. King's. 'sable=Son ndlFrs cfoIllsire, per doren 12g. 28g. 3Os, Dessertditanittolos. 21s. 253. Tea dlitto .. .s.5, 11s. 12g. The alterations and additiOns to these extensive premises (already b) far the largsst iu Europe), which occupied the whole of last year, are of surb a character that the entire of eight houses is devoted to the dis~ayo throotmagidcntsockof gnerl huseiromongery (intampa sdgaselirs, irn arid rass besteadsand bdig.so arranlged in 1 laro shw roms s toaffod t parisafssisingfasiliiies in the eletionof ood tha canotbe lSpe fo elswhee. Illutrated cataogue ret (pr pst) ree-39,Oxfrd-sree . 1 s 2, and 3, Xew' man-steet. nd 4,. andC, Pery's-lace.Estabished1520~. Hr IAIR JEWELLERY.-Artist in Hair.- DEWDNEY begs to inform lauies or getilemen resident in toirn ar ny artof he ingom hatbe eanifulymakes and elegantly itue.Ir.,an frwrd te am, arfulypockeinE boxes, at hawl suehal te uira carg, beutiulcolecionof peimer.hand- TOREEMASONS -MARK MIASONS' JEWVELS, _221s.W.; oyal Arch apron, sash, and ewI 4I; Knight Templars aronsas, coss eScr tar an £710a. - P G clothing £1 lOs.:P. St. ewels, 1g.; P. it. tiler leves, . ie ;Mwster Masnsjeel, 1g. a o th vrybe T qaiy etcrig re W a tEDDIDNG CARDS.-T. STEPHENSON invites attenliou to his ceautifully engraved WEDDING CARDS. enameled envelopes. and other requisites in wedding station ery. Cen. t:eman's plato engraved, 2g.; lady's ditto, 23. Cd'. Addrem T. Stephenson. stationer. 99, Oxford-street (the post ofrice. near Regent-circus). DOLBY has your CREST ready STAMIPED on DNOTE PAPEII and ENVELOPES. at the price of plain paper. He keeps in stock paper and envolopes stamped wvith the erests of more than 50.tOO families. 'Wedding cards and superb enamel euvelopes, in the present f.ashion.-H. Dolby, heraldic and wedding stationer, 5i, Iegent-strect quadrant. IO CHARGE MADrE for STAMNPING PAPER a and ENVELOPES with Arms,Crests, or Initials.-RODRIGUES' superior crcam-laid adhesive envelopes, 4 per 100 cream-laid note; fIal sirs, 5 quires for Cd. thick ditto, 5 quires for 1i. foolscap, Os. per ream; sermon paper. 4g.Sd. per ream; black-bordered note, Cs. per reani: black-bordered envelopes, 1g. per 100; all kinds of stationery equally chc.ip.-Observe, at Henry todrigues', 21, Piccadilly. S AFE BIND SAFE FIND.-RUSSELL's DE- FIANCE ENILOPF. registered, is the only ernvelone yet offered to the pbloe vwhich resists all attempts to open it. either bj steam, heat. or moisture. Closed by the same meant as-the present adhEsive envelope. Orders received at Dodds and Co.'s, 29, Devonshire-street, Queensquare, Hol1*oru; or at the manufacturer's E. Dove, 6. Fountain-place. City-road. Thetradesupphed. AMI1LY ARTIS.-Fersons furnished with sketches khavgiven them into hands who have executed them not in accordanco with the laws of heraldry therefore, those requiring ARNiS ENGRAVED; Painted. Impalod, or Quartered, arrangements have been made by the Heraldic ofice for their execution, at charges in many cases les than those of tho unskilful. Designs and Ust of prices on receipt of enveT1pe. Fee, search and sketch of arms, 3s. Gd, orstaimps.-l. Salt. HeraldiooffirceGreatTurnsl,lej.incoln'-inn. SIXTY THOUSAND GOLD PENS have been sold eby F. IIORDAN during the last t7year. Sisccess sodistinguished I has not failed to create a hoet of imitators, whose productions will only %ause annoyance. The genuine pen is samped "F. Mordau," anda numbered. Sold by jeweUers and sationers, and at the manufactory, 13. Goswell-road. HYDE's BRITISH EMPIME INKS.-" I find theee inks do not thick- e ordinAry inks: they we vrfluid, speedily beoome al intense anid abidf and do not c 1otode st penU.-edrew Ur, MD.,. lRSe t lOOrder Ot r 5 ttloii.- = 97I f1 , o7re^tr TINO de PZT, 46s. pear dozen, in our lar~ge bot- G- OLD1 Sl{ERRY, 23.e. per dozen: Port, fine andI vXfruity, 26s. per dozen; 5larsfla, 21s. per dozen; vory fine Palo Sherry, 30g. e-nd 42s. per dozen. Bottles 2s.. paek-ages Is. per dozen. Four doeancarraenefree. Aurs AO n.C.1,Br-ul. inhB. Stra,,d. PORT, of Vitge 1825.-GEORGE HIORLEY 1 d3sh-street, Portland-place, bega to informth wfiSlt.y, gentry, and clb,ta e b,aa been fortunsate enough U) =eet wtth so f above reo Ned IA which he can ofrer at 22g per (NIVAYN's PA-LE SHERRY,1e egallon, by 0 dozeni 34&..ft for the ta'ble of anygetea.Toalnsn stone jar, ceeriLag free, on receipt of,otilcorefo &.erg Onwhya wgine meertiant, I A, Cathern-tre,onedorfo h 1RC T from CADIZ.-LEWIS FARLEY uudC;o., L Xeree do la Frontonr, Cadiz, und "3 Pexachurelg-stres.t. city. ahptheir pure SHERRIESl free on board in Cadiz-bay, in bhd&, 16 gatons (28 dowen); quarter casks 28 gallons (14 dozen) ; or octaTee. It galOng ul dozen) ; costing, duty paid in L-ondon, only 2,3, Gd., 32g~& C<t, 3Kg. and 42s., per dozen. P ETER. ARNOLD 2U1UMIM, Fa-ankfort-on-the JLMain. and Job nnesber--on-tha-Rhine, grower of the celebrated Johanncesbeiy Ceatnet and ;al other still Hocks and H-oadlies. Fparkling Hlock" and iseselle. Clarets. Ited Hock, Inipexhal Tokay. and Sauterne. --0. II. durnmo and Co., Retina, growerte of creamingr and sparkling Champatgne of the choicest qualities.-J. COI'PLESTONE, U3, Mark. lare, adoq agent for Great Britain and Irelafd. O LD PORT WIN.-No. 1. dryand fuill of colouir, lOs pe doen:No.. inMro 844 70.;No. 3, very nelieate uolseurg-Gl&ItG RA~E1'P(lat 0.and J. H. Bloctfey), 28, Dukestret. t. amna's.Retatahd nerlya century. T liEISOLRA SH RRY136a.per dozen easb, cw refrene,cariag fee.No hage orbottlee or packages. Am eleantoge wne,fi fo th tbleof nygentleman, pure, highdevored dr, ad. emakaby ceantased,without the slightest IIiCIILLandCo. 8 Crsslan, dollae. Tower-atreet(removed IromLire-s--eet) estblihed113. aerydecription of Sherry and othr wne, aYel a epris. aleal, eo C. d.c 1NAULTERATED WIN ES.- FELTOE?, SONS, tJ and Co importems 26, Conduit-street, Regent-street, London, beg resectfuly to notify they oDntinue tu adhere to their undeviating Eradple of deali= in only lpure WNES,- fre-e from acidity and not mudie, th sucak tte:nding which plainly deinongtrsteg that their gystem iseenprociated. Tneir prices narn in accordance with the economy ofilrs,,ent times. Examples :-The Pale or4GoldenDe-spreguerSherry, forwrhich teaesole considgnecs, prosseesinz the admired nutty fvoir.nr Ife, ; fu2"-'-.de old Port, 42s. : sparklig Champagne. 43s. : Lattittej's Claret. 42,g.; finest -i'd Cognac 66s. per dercen, for cash. Caxrketaoree. A,aextenkd~vestnel, of choloeestTitages aind grwths. foreign liqneurs.&c. FFHE NATURAL WINES of FRANCE have boetn tencrefullysonght for in tneir respective localities byJ.CAIIPBLL., for-SALE, at 158, Regent-street, whtere, withb all other foreign wine.,, they oan be obtained at moderate pIricee. Attentionis p.rticularly direcoted to those wines of tho -ithneand Garonne upon whxich fahion hasnot stamped an artificial value, saamely :-Volasay, 36s. and 43g.: Deatuie, Sig.s,ian 42s. : white Burenl4y (P'ouilly) Ifs. and 425. ; (,habliE, SOs. pe.r do7v"n; Vini do Bordeautx, 30g. : t§t. Jifliers, 32s. ; La Rose, 36,s.; Yin do Grave, 30g. ;Sauiterie and R,-,rsc, 42-.per dozen. The leading qualltie.. 36s. vex dozen. -N. B. Solo agent in England for Clicqiot's 11anying couintry ordes, should be addressed James Campbell, wine merchant. lId. Rltent-stroet. EDG3ES zand BUTLER, WVine Merchant,-, &c., H 158.Rgntsre. London, miud 219. Kin5g'sendk Ergtois original y, establishedl A.D. 1067. Ih Fla ol-fahine B PORT. Msl. per ttoreu; thxis wino posse*te all the gemauine sgssltlesof pure and flyfermeated Port wine, which are drynega. astrin.-ency, frattiness, and good colour, with bouquet, and is well1 worthy the notice of connoser.Gordon's golden anti palo sherries, 39g., 303-. and. 42a. per iloan.; Mancanlt)iaantd Amontillado. IhighlIy reconunended for invalids,t 4&s. and #02o.: itt Julien Cla11ret, 3SO.&; linezt growtis Clrets, lOs.'. 48s., k's. andit 7L.g I I..ck suid MOs'elle, 42g. to fig.- sparkling Charnp:ane. -435, t,i Stk, sli'tto. in plnt,,j3s.% to 42a. Any quantity, with yecsd lis (if aill other inure,v willb amlneyfraddo receipt of a postot~liso order or re,ferne I.Odpl nc brandy. MLg per (1rsonu; olnrlao, Ill hn, oeu,mrr orn4 ,?an other foreign liqueutrs yIIETHRIER we c-onsidler ROUSSILLJON WIE A " touseholdoi ate-t of the. me,dical man-tho admirtable siulenitltte for drugs of doubtfule eLlicacy and inevitable after-ills--osr iyohr ,eovAi,Iler lI sa theo bonne-bouche of tite gourmet-in eittier a,''it is not to tag exoedl,'I. Flavour. aroma. after-taste, colour, sod nngnc.s, rivo.usuncd it to the fnaicier; gen,tly stimuiatisiO, generous. eng ti. ni mll. wigeol5w515l. it- reeoauneuds itsnif to the domiesticphyg.c,an,_ Vitnier Slierry,3., 30k& ; standani or natur-l. 36s. ; old ruby ..~-,ts o allwine endspirt orwarded, post free, on 3d,ratfree, 11 What is WVine r to 11I~seIIP& EIt and INLE, M1%itre-court, 7,tll 1V`AUl DE N1IE, snore pare in its coiiposition, more jj.Sgceesi'e niiii;s re, anddmuors salutary in ltseltcetg than Cognac tsun.ty at louble t'is prr5ee Imp~erial gallon. If,-a. in French bottles, 34& E, ~ daron. hot-tlcs i;nchi,deA: seenrcly pc:ca in a, -ase, for lie. HlNlY irEianCo.l rnaisDtllry. Holrn. "ATEVEN'N S mId 'SON. 78, BL-'I 0)Sh p wat-stre 0t , C't- tL-Suerlo-r ENGLICH GIN, l(is Sd. and lus. per gallon, cllo-re Hai-bland snall-still Whsy,dLY 15s'. per gallon. Terms, casha on T NCHY W-ATER.-W. BEST, havingnmade arrangaeA ment.g -ith zhe Vichy Water C-mpany of Franice. caLn 5,ow ofer i at Cte-c -a ~uWi price of 12g. per doz-en in the new glass battles, corn- prin the!l oi'owmn sources, Cfleetiaima flO)p1itl. Grand Grille. Hauterave Djame-a. ant. Iardy C,Ilestiuos, also the Vichsy saris anldpjastils, at hn- cl,d-est.ab abhed ean de Cologne. arquebcrade. and forreigun mnecral watV-.-r ptl. adn-3 Heasrietta-street, Cavendish-squario. Agent for Dr. Struve', lti-ghton mineral waters Q TOGUMBER MLEDICINAL PALE ALE is b3 rewed with the wate:r from "Il Hilt's Wall`' It cures~ di-ssases, audL is renovating, reasonable, and delicious. References ta, the fl:culty.-B3. Heide.= 55 a, Urper Seyrncur-street, Portincn-etuare, sole London agent.-H. Watts, mnanager, Stoganuber. Taunton. -ASS's PALE ALES, London Stout, Burton, dt BLPburggh, anld light 'Ales, P'orer Ulder~dc, ete ncs rote of iead spirts, of the beet qualities, atvery modst pie,of FIELD ARIL,and Co., 10, Ada-tet,Aep ,tredoor.s trou, the Stranld. ALLSOPP's PA-LE ALE.-Reduction in Pa-ie.- HARIIINC-TO'.I I'AVP M H ,ad Co.. wise and beer maerclants, 52,, Pail-iansi) are now llvering te lse arch brew;ings of the alwov celsbrated ATE in casts of 1S gallons, at 13g. each. Alto All.,opp'5 Pate Ale in bottle-imperial pints. at Ss. imperial half-pints [for luncheon), 3g.-5i, Pall-mall, Marcia 17, 182. B ARCL Y andCo.'s TOUT,3s. 6d. per dozenL f'3ULIN STOUT.-FLNDLATER and (Co, Du Brewers. Dublin, beg to inform the traue that their Agents folr London, IEtightoii, d.c.. are constantly supplied withi their celebrated extra and imsperial brown tounts, in caslie of 54. 36. and 10 gallons each, ina fine condition. Sole ecnsiguees, PindIlater. Macide, Todd, and Co., Toonly-etreet, Borough. JfALT VI-NEGAR MAAKERS;: SARSON and IL SON. City-road, London.-iteduce.i p rices for cashx buyers- NO. 16 per half hogellead (515 gal1ons), 17's.; No. 18. 253. ; No. 20, 31s.; lo. 22, 42sg. Ca-sk 8s. until returned. Country orders executed on receipt of post-chico order. h_YALF-A- CROWV N a PO UND is no t'neprice of J good CONGOU TrtP at the warehouses of the East dndlis Tea Comp1any. Goodi ooffee in the berry at ls. per ib.-9, Great St. Helenl's, city. THE BEEST and CHEAPIEST TEAS in England Tame to be obtained of PH-ILLIPS and Company, tea merchanlts. 63, Kin BilliA Im U LFs,9 im-street,ct. trn coones, Le. d.,2s ltai . Is.e, is. th. Afgenhestald brice Sarlean Is pntiht per eyonhlcntb.n all SAvUtaEis ofiralthe Lo kndon warets,gad to benthfre bys vorttaon cauinen, ad x arie at poe makts erice. tea ind ofe s. bae orS SUpCE arenrat' lculriag to ayrllewaed stationsx or art toweisgnuine u Eng and. c easteilm fWi e isethe freshet bando besc ot.Slmo n.I addito per lb. ro lae SuaiiCeais, univigersld iackowedgLaedobe. the mors_trvalabl andEGoN;adTh pricialdAlOErS, meverytherouhut.fh H AResffvoY's deAUemCaria-eTh .t3-te imperer o tiacl6e-o that nb;Bone slgenine bluts that wihich bears thlesnm of Williamo tamaony ykdeas. an. sLIgned E, 2bet Yoarenhy, 6,in wars-crstre,ot man-OUare. ,A.NTDIEErnDLEA _'TION. delivered to any part of London (not loss than one pock) carriage free:;-Whites for pastry, per bushel (561b.j) 12s. 8.1.; fine hrouseholds. recommeunded f6r bread-makin, ll. ecn s, 1. 4d.; whcaat meal. for browvn bread. ils. 4L Best Scotch oatineal. Address HORSNAILL and CATOII1'OOL,h Bullford MILl Witbam, Essex, or Caieelouisn-road, Ielingtori. Ternas cash. T HEbestFOOD for CHILDREN, Invalids, a-nd Totbers.-RoBINSON's PATENT BARLEY, -for making superior barley water in 15 minutes. has not only eobtained the patronage of HEer !'tsiesty and the royal Family,butlhaslx-come ofgeneral t,aoto every class of the community, and is aelmorledged to stand unrivalled as an emuinently pure, nutritious, and light food for infants and invalids' much approved for making a dleUlcous custard pudding, and excellont for thickening broths or souips. Robinson's Patent Greats for more tha-n SO years liavo been held in constant and increaring public estissation as the purest farina- of the oat, and as the heat and meet valuable prearaio fo mkin apur an dlictegrul,which forms a. light to th Quce, 64,Red ion-sreet,Ho hoiceLndn stolk by uerll resectbl grces, ng-its.an oter abnton an conry, inpe, ~JArm and Nary, hand s inie nolemen.M . ofiem adgBIent-re-e toectiuwlyhrequestsiae coseCinfpeetlonIGf hisAhoice.stocksof suderio ChRiOnsrh, SsA61 S,l Fnc aluding Caanas bavaEm pebr, 9s Lopeubzt Iciner'os, Lsaind a Cexiastsailnd 7s.-Warehouse, 2, Spread Eale-cnt) anoyal 7xchange,,leading intneFich-lane R EMALRA CBLUNTCalKNIVS,.-:M- eesAsTOSS- WiXOLL ndCo,mericans, ytiinvteohmentiofsicer,ozdentbilemen cand 6, e7, land 8, Pudd min-ae. city. mnte.T e p -warded on receiving 2O stamps. p ATElNT KNIF'E CLEANERS, from 6s. each. KL Knives are cleaned quic,er and better than by any other process, and rive a keen edge, willhats 20years. Kepti iorder filveyearsfree.- S. WORH, patete, 293, Oxford-street coiner of Daviea.strect. imnstrated catalogues sent. O YOU LIKE a DRY HOT MEALY POTATO 7 D It you do, have one of SLAC1's NEW STEASOKEaS. Wlsich cooks them to perfection, made to fit any saucepan from 3a. 6d. To be had at Richardand John Slack's economical ironmongery warehouse, 336. Strand. NSLER's TABLE GLASS,. Chandeliers, Lustrcs, d. c.. 44, Oxcford-street, London. in conuexion vwiths their mannfartory. Broad-street. lirnaingth.1n established ±007. A large assortment of decanters, wine glasses, dessert survices, and every description of table glen of the neweest dedigos, at moderate prices. A varietyof crystal glass chrandeliers, for candle or gas. Ornamental glaze of the newvest and most beanutful de.scription. Co.'s DINNER SERVICES of STONE o p.eces, fromn 2 2s. Several huadred sersicea always on viev, from neat piain patterns to the moot costly designs Breakfast ana tea services. dessert, &c., i eqlal variety. ticiycut glass for the table of every deecri p ion, Portion furnisigmayselect from themost extensive stuck in Londen, and effect a caving of 20per ocnt.-S7, Oxford-street., Rcgent-circus. U':} IN'NER SERVICES of STONE CHINAh, complete, e to dine l2 persons, £3let.; second quality, e.; idchly git ditto, from 6 gulineas; tea and coffee eervices in grcatvariet foam ltie, to 10 ghiners; breakfast services, beit white and gold chiw a, 1's.O atorcthiang houeirnl"'en-o'spatente7ronstonterhninan Catalogues froeeb post.-T. and. If,T BROasEt.47. Et. MVartins-lane, Oharing-, 2lIRKINC4 LlNE2T MADE EASY.-Tlie Pea isV..Lfipereeed.-The most easy, permranenst, axd best method of the ink blotigortue laqicty of itelwashingonktiswth CILMFS'se PATENT, MO:VER-PLAIES. Aly person can ue the.- Patronied by the Queen and the Royal Family, the nobility and gentr, and mo3t of the hotoleepeRrs throughout. the kingdom. Initial pltesl.; nae plte, Sa.; set of numbers, 25.; - ect plte, 4g, with direction,. Sent post free 'o anymrt. of the idaidoma b thesginl inventor and soeptnee ,< a.uleton,> 2,11gcs IitlteeFryto ow lhadru S PRING SILKS, £1 Is. ijd. the full. dress;'i )floeuLced Frenceh eLslA. 2 ISs. fd. the ruba.-At KING's. 243, R- gent-stre.t. Patterrs poet free. M,ILLINERY.-Mrs. CLIFr, tlir~ou-h this mediumn A e announce thait se now, bas allA le newet r,le -s~ LL,X Y 1=01= ~ ~ ~ ~ slictsthe favouro aa~ Iieen-rlyr, icedors ro7S, and F4#gar's - %ILLI Y- r.JONES, 101, Oxford-street,' IY. bgsto otfythat her SHOW BOOMSg are OPEN. wii'h her' ouat = noroseut l &traw. fancy, and other bonnete c ag s- e,ortinent of hats. N-.B. lO%, Oxford-etrect. Corner ~f.foln-;ArfreaToa. iEfkSSRS. HARDING andc Co. wi.sh to dra-w atteli-; M[± ltion to their LADIES, LDNNEPA RTME! ,wihehave recently opeced, and whiubh wIll be foundI to comoprise eesytbine requisite for a wedding trous.sean.-81-and 82. 1'all-xnaL. EMBROIDERED CHERISTiAN NAMES.-2 ELAAAES' HANDKEFMCHIEFS, .ith Uhri3tian mames embrol-1 dered by the nuns ofPau, with the noweulleetchaneedle. Prico!&. j,~ by pogl for 14 staaps.-JAMES HElD, 16. Oxfosd-street. MYSLINS of the PA TSE-ASO2N.-The w%hole of~ lfthe .STOCK of thle VRE-NCH MIUtiIJ COMPANY to bhe CLILAREIOUT. at ridiculouBprRicesfor ffnch goods. Patternfree.! -16, Oxf5tco,-Ftreet. LADIES' and IANT&SREAD)Y-MADE LINENI L WARBHOUE:HGIc,23 Reet-street. Cheinies, and, drawors, from Is,4.; nihEUMss e 4. ~is Ss. 61.: carrLs.: Ss.,1ld.L-, NssineteiS.6; dstng rolbes. Ifs.6J.L; and braided mnerin,, cloak and ho.sWedn.nda.nod Anstralis outfits. ''ILKS - rih Plain, strn-ped, and chec]ged Ghi<5A. at 22.WLpe of 12 3,rds, well worth the attention of families. Patterns sent free by post,-JOIIIN HARV-EY, SON. and Ce.. 9. -Ld gdito-hlii: e6tlilsho ugiwaad of 10 sears. Carriage pa!d uo .-_outat, stove fs. ~ILKS for the MVILLION.-A STOICK, amounting Kjto,XI,439.athalf-peice. Rich-ginod sl-, the widlesidUith,i llthe A large lot of handsonie br"e now n->" goods and wide wi4th,-at Iuwprices. Now SELLING OFie at HIOOPER and C..s, 52, Oxford- [ICN SL S, at 31s. bd. tire dress of 12iynxds, five~eigth.sf a ardwi,de, in white, bhacl4, and all colours, in glaeg and anc sik,, uitblefor eddng,din er.veninir. and onino , andmounin wer. attrnsren pot fee.These silksca COMPNY. 42 nd 14, egun-rteet.and25. 10. and 31, War-ckirLr.t L ATE EVERINGTON and GR4AHAIN.-J. GRA-AM 11,begs to a,nnounce the a.rivelof the wholeofbhis NOV'ELTIEd forthie SIAS(N. This beauti.ful andlvaried a~rot-tment of silks. farceydreescer,inAu,tles. nd sbawls3will befound ttj .urpass in richnes of quality, costly effcrt, and maoderate price, all former troluctimms-- Indin sIlawl warehoiee. 10. Ludgate-steest. raven tounAsfrann St. Pa,,ps.o ?IBELI-NE.-This entirely neow and clit-nat rerLA ticle for mourning attire is intermediate in texture between the pe*,rsaatta and barelgq, of richi appearance, very darable, and particularly adapte~d fur er-rnor anid uneurar wear; obtained "hononralble mention" at the Paris Ilxldbiti5nn for wovent fabric-s. .qcle agents in I,nfland. Messrs. BUCKNALL and SON', 112, Bold-street. I.iverpooL Pattcrns free by pasFt oni application.. S TAMPEDandTRAOED MUSLIN, forenmbroidery. K-DOJ)0W ELO,a NEW DES9I GNS fo r thea sp ring nio w r eady - Stzi p,s, tie,s inches wide. 2d.;' celm lain.oh or guipare. 4d. ; sleeves. Is. per pair: handkerchiefs, 19a.; children's capes Is. ; dressEes, from 2s. 64c. to lOs.: belies' dress,es complete, three flounces. Its.; collorettes, 84.; gauntlets, 4d. per pair; cnUidren'a jackets, 2s. 64. ; embroidery cotton, kt. per dozen skcins.-159. Oxford-streept. (' LOVEth-LADIES' ALPINE XID GLOVE-S XXcheaper than any, hones in the kingdoin, No. I. is. per pair:, Eu, 2, Is. CAL per pair; No 3 best Grenioble kid, Is. 54. prai:No. 4 vybetParis. wamulneA~ 2g. 7J1d. per pair, or 14s. 94% hehl1 dzn eutleomni'e, real Alpine kid, double sewn, Is. f4. per pair; v-ery here aris Kid. warranted, 2s. ld, per pair. M oney returned if not approved. Samples of any of the above sent past free for two extra Rtsrnps. Addre.ss BAKER and CRISI',-2l1.lRegent-street. rVIE -gtin-aCASHMERE SHAWTL.-Fashion, Tlso~~OifAMMER and ROGERiS have arranged with a tirst-class manufacNTuer for the exclusive supply of some very choice d6sl;ns in woven CASHMERE SHAWVLS, far saperior in style aind erality to anything prcoluced in former sea-eons.-The Great india Chin, French, and Briti-h Shiawl and Cloak Emporium, 1.71, 173. 175, Regentb-stteet. All goods marked in plain figures. F RENCH PRINTED MUSLINS.-This day ex- hibiting at Lambeth-house a. large importation of the maost beau. tifl dsigs o plin nd heced rgadimuslin. The cofours are all ermnen, icluing he mpeialblu enfashionable In Paris, all at heridcuousprce f 14.pe yad.A fllflounced dIress mar Ibe madewit 13yard. te pice f wichinPae..s is 20 francs. Xotel ('OLDEN LION.-KIMPTON andl TAVENER G,W23. Oxford-street. retiring from buasiness are SELLING Oii~ thleir valuable STOCK of rich SILKS, at prices strikingly cheap. Brocadlee anid checked silks. from 21e, to Ils. 4. for 11 yards, A.-wide; dlounced salks, 4r. said BO._ formerly lOs, anditOs. ; ber6ge and sylphide scaf shawls, 2Os, 6t1.. originally 5Os,; Sweiss printed mju lin. canernene- in t Se. 'M. the drms for 12 yards; French printe-d bonrKCto,e 6.4d. per yard11; French satin checked ditto, Old per yasrd: a large stuck ofhIrsuehold liinen equally reduced in, price, and the guods of cevey other de~partmneit on the same terms; a better selected stock: was never ufic-redl and ladies rsadont hiave met anl opportun-ity of purcliaeing goode of a high cas-, so nlsch below the:ir value.-23, Oxford-street. The extensive F'remieea to he Lklt FROAI ABBEY, anid Castle, aind Towrer-from recFtory, priory. vicarage, and parsonage-from mnanse and grangefrom palaces. anid larks, anid cottages, and halls, and homes of every class throughout the land, noise of aPProval are from day to clay rcm-ired by Mlesda,mes )ITARIO.Nand MWAITLAND, expressin- admiration of the style qluality accur-sicy of lit, and comforlt of teIEI LrMtT BODI6E and COBS iIETTO di MLEDICL These notes. their own evidence of veracity, are in volunies, o; en to the inspection of visitois. Enilarged illustr-ated pros7pectus, price list. self-mecasurement papers, &o., to any ladly, poet free. All country orders sent, carrige paid or post frea.-Mesdamres Ha-rion and Idaitenud, patentlees, 23.Oxfordt-street, opposite Park-lane. rPESANS-PLI SHIRT.-None genuine but those TstaEmped withi the smansfacturer's r.ddress.-WM. BRID. 51. Con1duit-street. Price-six for Ifs., or tfs, GdI. erebi, reaidy-money. Direction for srlf-mneasurernent in inches-round the neck, chest, waist, aud wrist. length of ti,es ar from coentre of lana to knuckle. BlROWNL's ENUIiA SliIIITS are thie best an_d meet perfect fitting shirts madg. Firs' onality, six for 40s. ; so-- cona quality, six for MSI Gd. ; Coloured shirts. macee from the new rt&gistereri coloured sb,irts. six for 26 s. Illustrated lhist and directions for sef-keare=ment sent, pa2st free, on appiVICation.-Thomas Browvn, 164, Strand. Y Hr MJETY' ROYAL LETTERS B PATET.-Te PAKN-TPORT-HOLE COLLAR is now frdelivery, wholesale bylWELCH. mARGETSO3N, and Co., hU-.Realyeveryhosler. &-c..Sinte United Kngdom. S ERVA-NTS' LI-VERIES.-Thie best, at moderate K:prices. furnishedlfor cash payments by HJ.3.audiD.N-IcOLL, Iii, 116, 118 12-0, Regent-street. and 222. Corahiki) London. rPHE NEW SU3MM1ER WAISTC-OAT PATTERNS J atezentlenninly and neat, 7s. each, or three for LI; trousers, fine doekmn and Sctch tweeds, all wool and shrunk, lS-e-fsswa. DOUDNlEYS challenge competit-ion in quality, fit, and durability.- 11, Old Bond-street, 25,13urtington-arcasie, anid 49. Lombard-street, THE FORTY-SEVEN SHILLING SUITS made to Torder from Scotch heather and Cheviot tweeds. all wool, and thoroughly shirrunk, by B. IBENJ AMIN, merchant tailor, 74l, Regentstreet. The Peliseier over-coats, 21e.and Hes., adaptedfor the seas~en; tlio two-guinea feock or dress coats: the guinea mress trues&nd tht talf-guidnea waistcoats. N.B. A perfect tit guaranteed. - 7CONOMYandFA-SHIOLN.-TheALBERT CAPE , J2J wit-h sleeves, from 2ls.; the promenade frock, in every colour, from lOs.: the Oxonians, from 21s.; ellastic doe trousers. from 14s.; veats, from 6s.; and every articlee of attire equally moderate and distinguedin style, .E.Otist h rmaadalpcso h lb at one-third less, than the usual pricme-YOUNG and Co., naval and military tailors 317, High liolborni, OPPoste Gra?'s-inn, and 8, rue do Ia Chausade dAnti.. Peisi. tailr. 13,HighHolornafte may 3ar~experienace and study, is enabed o aser, wtho6 far f cifiradctin, hathe can fit gentlemenwih tlaarmntheterhsnan~oterperonin london. The W OOF ad C.'sTROSERALLIANCE, re-- the aiscoatin s p ope poitio, ad isfoud inalublefor riding. of self-ms.-suremeat sen, poet free.on applicaton. frmWoolf and Co.s otfttig areoue, 9,Picadlly opesteSt. Jamcess-street. FOR HUNTING and RIDING.-TROUjSERS Fand PATL?'NBELT-BABi)DSP.I'NG DRAWERS, upon animprovd prncipe, wichrendrs tem etreely plessant. wRith or witoutbraes r srap. Te dawes fr sp~otig the loins and ENDER FEET.-For ease, elegance,rand -oocl work. '.Lmnshbip. nothinugcan supassHUT-CHINSON'\-,s PA LEN LA_ THEP. BOOTS, at the unprecedented low price of lOs, 6d. ,calf, 12s. Gd, -13, Printinghouse-lane, Blacicirfiars.near TheTimsne-oflice. Gentlemien attended t their own residences, and lasts made to the feet. WAiNTED, for Auistralia, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES. W-Established 30 years.-' Mr_ GLASIE. (or foreman) contisnues to PU RC fASU every kin d of LADIES'and GE.NTLE NIEN's WEARlEG,APAIIEL, Fa%miUeswa,ttodo,nataiyttme oroistanceby addres-,ing letters, pro-paid, to 20, Great Titchfield-streef, Cavendishi-square. W~A-NTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTH1ES.-M%iss WOO0D is in WANTofladies', gentlemen7s, and children's LEFT-OFF APPAREL, of evry desrip.tion, in -large or sm3all quantities. dlfs W. has removed frm21 tegent-etreet, tD 52, where all letters,% &c., rmust be addressed. W ANTED, for Aus,tralia LADIES' and GEN.- FLMNs L_FTOjF WgAkjIG A1'PAEIIEL &c,, of ev.ery dwecription andmay quantity. Ladies and gentlemen waited onat any time or distenee. byaddressing, pro-paid, to M1r. or MNrs HILLiP;1,, 31, Thayer-street, ucachcster-rqjuare. Established 10 years. 1~TANTEDLADIES', Gentlemen's, andl Children7s _VT LFDOl WEARINIiG APPAREL, of every description, and In any quantity. Ladies and gentlemen waited on at any tier distance, by addreesin, repit r r Ms.HTI SON, 17, Dean-street. Hgighl olborn: established iSlO. ANE,to PURCHLASE to anv amount, APPADELof Gentlemen's. and Childrer sLEFT-OFIf WEARING ever desripton,including- silks, satins. velvete. bGots, shos,bedortale inn.All applications to Mrs. Walker, 6r Woburnbuildings. Eus,ton-squaro. Laidies waited ousat their own readunces, WA-NTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for exports Wtion.-Ladies or gentlemen wil be waited on at any time or disstance, and have the highest price given for LEFT-OFF CLOTHES of all descriptions, by addressing to Mdr. or Mrs. G. HIYAMS, clothisers,% 16. Tyler-street, Regent-street. Established 31years. W ANTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for Australia in good or inferior condition.-1r. and Mrs. JOHN ISAAC8, oolonial clothiers, 319 ann 320, Strad. opposite Somerset house, con. linus giving the highest price in csmh for LADIES', Gentlemen's, and Children7aWEARInG APPAREL, do. letters addressed as abovefor any day ordistance mot punctually attendedto. Established 4S years W ATED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for exporta- tion.-Mr. and Mfrs. HART still continue giving the highest price In cash for everv description of LADIES' or GENTL EE W.ARLNG APPAIIG. ladies or gentlemen having any of the abovofor zalei inanyquantities orcOndition, will hepunctuallyvaited on at Utcir residences. any day or distance, bv a letter addressed to Mr. or .Mrs. Hart 3, 3Newastle-et, Strand. taabhlizbed ISOL. WI ANTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for exports- tion.-lessrs. L&VY (successors to Me;srs. Sanders, of 231 Strand), hog to acquaint ladies audgentlemner that they give the most libralpnic in cash, for every description of LEFT-OFF CLOTHES. Le-.dies or gentlemen having any of the labov to diepose of will be punc. tuly wvaited on at their r-esidooce, by letter being addressedto Mr. or MSrs. Lavy, wvholesale lot.hiers, 251, Strand, opposite Twining's hanking establishment; or 341, Strand, near Waterloo-bridge. E s ablLlehed40 years. TADIES' W9ARDROBE :REPOSITORY, 51, PaclLdington-street, St, Mfaylebone: sablisbecl 44 years. -hfM AN DItFVS wighes to inform her friends lbat sho pvurchasos 1afics? and children's LEFT-OEF WEAIt1GAPPARET-- A. wvil wait upon ladies at any time. -DARASOLS and IRISH POINT LACE at vety JL low prices; rich moirO antique parasols, with deep fringes. at 4s. 6d. and 5s. 6d. each: l;ned white, Ss. 1ld. and 6s. 94.: children's, 2s. to a.' - Iish 3point collars, Is. 6d4 and 2, 6d.: slceves to siateb, 3s. 94. to 5s. :; handsome Spanish point oollar, 4s. 9. and 5s. 9d.; and deep ful sleeves to match, at 10; 9a. and 12s. 94. Sleeves or collars sentfreeby post. Address to JAMES BOOTY, 15, Stafford-sewr near the Palace, Pimlico. WIXDOW BLINDS.-TYLOR and PACE, window blind manufactuers, ICO New Bond-street, and 3, Oneen-etreet, Cheasids, submit bse following prices of WVIDOW BLINDS, which they ca recommend as being roade In the het manner :-Venettan blinds, per aare foot, 99d. best HooUand blisao aroLlers. 6d.: heat ditto, on sring rolles, 96. gauze wire blnds, In mahoganyframes, Se. ; perforated zinc blinds, in ditto, Is lOL; outaldeimlurds, of triped cloth,2 it. ransparent blinds in great rety. Engravigs with-priCs, forwded on application, pst free. !AEETY for STREE1!T DOORS.-CHUBE's PTENT LICEl with small anDa neat keys, at roymoderate res.Fir eproof sfee of all ,and Chbb's Detector osfor ey, purrpos ilusrtea iut aCt ens a~sllatIon.-Cbb antI60n ", x Z?^dM {,h3, ~ ~ ~ ~ fro 1 I NOORTESfor HIRE,nith option of purc:hase.1 JL-PZILCHEYTh first-'a7s PICCOLOS.-73. taishopgt'swtIm .lIAN-OFORtTES for HIRE, -with choice of Fur.' Lchase.-GEO. LUFF a&d SON, 103, Great Riusell-street, Bloomsi-bury. I) AXOFORTE for SALE, a bargain-apoef- tonUed rosewood cottage, nearly 7 octave,y t frescain, metalli plate, beauitiful touch. kc, To be ruigedor10 una through thtiparty wanting immediate cash. To be seenat3,Stamptou-street. Peritonyile, PIA~NOs, INs. the monoth on hire;- Collard and ColxGttags. 61. a bargaitn full compass Cottage. £.12; Kirkman Cottage. £0; rosewoodt Cottge.14 ; Qibinet. £71;' five S-kuareg, from :£3 toi X8 each. To bo clearedimmnediately, from 80. High Hel. bornu ipiriate door).- pAN)FOREfr SALE-a very powerful tooned it has alithe reent improrcexnnta. has boenTer-y lttlensed. andicil be sold at alow pricefor redymioney. To besoeeu*t171. Bisbopagatestreot wTithout. DPIANOFORTES PURCHASED.-WANT-9f, A.some second-hand SQUAIE Piccolo,o or Cottage PlasNO-, -FORTFE, for wh-ich immedito caLsh wil be given. Addres,% stating par'ticuLizare to price required. with number of octaves, to Mr. W. Edridge. 4L Oakley-square. ICing's-road. Chelsea. - DIANOFORTES for HIRE, GA' cottagges, by aU =.mkers, 11 and 2 guineas per quarter. or rnsy be pcrchssed on .Tery easy.terms. 6l rosewood cottages. ret4irned froma hire. 1S guiLUaS, .episa aftauulcagaIID)adC. DeaIn- see,Soho. ~IANOFO1LTES and HAII1ONIUMS for SALE, If~.aaroth,wit e oefsurclaase. by perl. od;.ral paymenta if reqnirert. FRltDhtI LYI' rix s-wr ,ranted. Secoond-ianand hiao.from e5-bacrmciuros.from 10 uineas. -'26. Gb aristr,"t Berxer,s-treet Oxfecd-VLs(tr eat:abslirlrd 1000. V )IAIKOFORTES. at 15 (,itineas.-J. IMANKIME- Low's REGisTERED PicOoLo PIANOFORTA,651 ootavsm; warsanted to possess all the essential qualifications of tone. 'toucba. ld durability of the mnust expensiveratueos Well adap-ted for schools, hire, or general us-e-12. Huntley-street, Tranneia-stzet Totteuhwa.-court-road: ostablished2 years. t -PIANOFORTE. A 'o~r and remarkablv iF&e brilliant-toned COTG na bearutiful] rosewood cm% Oi-octaves, carved frn n rtoi thas all the latest improvements, only used four monthse, and wil be SOLD at a very loxw pneae for cash. So very superiur an instr=umetis seldom to bemet witlh. Tobe seen at,)tr. raWus. l ihrsaesre.oprocate the Loudou Taxero. *DLANOFO TE.-ForSALE, adecided bargzaun i ,L er sueror ndpowrfl-tne Ciecave SEMI-6OTTA6Ii, by oe o th lizt aker, wth atet rpettion touch, and all the inipns'msn.'s ina bautiul useoodcas. Pice. to an imimedilate Radon-square.2, Dmnon-s DIANOFORTES, by Broadwood. for SALE or A. IfutF.. suatable for exporatlon:-Sqluaroe, 3. 6. and 10 guineas; cabilnets. S and 122 goineas; cottages, 10 sad 14 guineas: 100 othlers by Uollard and the Is-st usasLers; a niearly new hiarp by Erard, 35 gui.ea%; an eight-stop haxsoorriurn. IS guineas; a finger organ, 30 guinea&-,-t EflTtX'tD.S. 1 an'd 2, -e-uo-tet ntnsrsE, P IAXQ1ORTES,20 guieas.-RJ. VN N offers stamed garatee.for 0 ginea, awia rovethedurability, half the cas ca h let t h pad i tre uarery pymets Referencesualso 1 ANOFORTE6 BXTRAORtD12A1tY._-.JuHN andHIILlCRY M%OOR.E call ttention to the IMPRIOVEMENTS jest now introduoedI into their PJANNOFOTETJS--iropovemunuts that are at once- pleasingly astouishing. These exqriivit-j pianios, claima the admiration of aill; for while they possess in their build every wellknow prncile f sbstatiaity thy cmbie a result of every good musialquaity. n al thatapperains o deino Dodern andc antique, toduAbiiyNoF Touch an tone, tey tn niach-'Led. uoatinsd An o. exefen piano,quritre perfect. 21 gnAs; ditto 2e gauifastuditto, the guinAs;Lto 21 guinTEaS; ditt-o. a0 guiebasdit, szd guineos; ditto,c15 guineayis;dtto,e4 goaneant, D~elier ariageifree,tSppnored piaos follr hire, wihofera therse fe plznfrtcixebes e- scriedoas 1n01 liihaogae-tret=imhn 1oor sigfrom ythreadneede-strer. The ecuiaradvn- s o thee ianforesgreabet dleascritbed in t floigpordsawinrona.l tStioiignedW..belth matori L R. thlead tLU, ofessian. e ha'caefll examinod th Ramoyaianfre mnfc tuE. d, byGsr. L 1'A.na1,ee And T.Cfor, hav Jr. s L der. r r ern teaviicy to thei.F.r aegitazrdcRaP.lRimitc t ItpEr.sIoou mstheo p'Roekuc instRum vens, s.f th a oaro siz pTemp etoing ihra ie oe mereT.ff elasigtoc, or. 4mormqalz anlOmperanre, whilae th elgneo thircnstr nctio rendes thea ahNdsomTeSOfnor foRtE, ltibrry E opteionto,.7 Buzhise. t, CeafirstoquUt.P atpp modemelaprnicesC.ale roomy. B.Ralceritrwilitm W.rt Fo~rdse. .AFrn,S oerA.G. junigumery, PIANe , OS fo. OsbRnE, frohn Bary H. Pa inotle, tinr Phillips,tPliPerear, allowanie ibault,i. 1maely pct.h. ItdveL l lt troe el R fous Reeves, .om. Sobe, J remplton F.moe Wee H., WesRo,TE. rgt B licST and CHAPESadTo. 20 ShoAqurne MM T LVANDSae nd76 C'StrIand.for ATE o foRt HIRE, opitho optionse To purchse,tireddurstbluaitybatrmodertoeacicesoucare anp,ome,77. Barstreeout. Port-ane.mae.ndhmpaoal-ee OLBRIiPAR O forLN HIIRE,Fro ORT. wrinoth,reaewioth th wiotl alibheratl allowan iren if ultimatel arease rL.4tl5n Mertitfird-street. fordoom f-juroRegetsre rmve rm12 e TRARDBsT aevndotv EHETENT REAPETITIEN- LGAND rANat76, TrAnd for SAlept ror eIRd witeh Rno ofr pulirdrchs.Tander soundwo and duable,ihcami-onga bdito;e an ouch rnd,v, byedofordtae cot: a' free.eSeco.d ehandpianoCOOt lowupricess thie propguiert fas gomn rc 0gina.T ese t14 CrwodsRee, THO.oXtg-qaeEY. oesre,Bdod T-RARMOsNseven ocAvE JCTATENTDR'sPATETNT GRAN,,tD I'YVtIANOTrTE, inbyteleantI vrc'sngroo eae,fandvery' nea5gury ne-Costrn17. Buieale; als.o. a201st-rtesenf-en,toctav at Bicernt.Gfroni rllradtwood;l andes ait Sei-Cotatge by dito; anery'. sprior Patent GanduObliurerlot.Dpt,137by atig: aeCottage, nerl I3,olliwoargth-street,orhBand. 61elni-tohn-storet lWr1aewood Cot.rtage ]NJ .T{O. sget O XtLe.EY 5 tr-tet 'do IREARiMONA IOLINS.-For SAE,' a eaTENTl threeDyEStr withrus Amprasl ad Byterhanz. vanyng fine riooce fom b0 tosephGuarneriumase. Beal, atfio17 20. E lta'deg-t-storet.nnsqa C RGNSERIA secofurtaer BA EdutoLo 25AN per OC CGIDLEY. maainufacturer. Depot, 135,111g anlBreltsrn Fintery. sftobiin orthstaUeortnorh,adrWelingtron-streea, ictoria-road, ollo buiay . . Littslentp&olltfree, .Bomsuy COHNMOEALLSOLndC.-,o SALWe,t-atremar-abl J in a.ndG handsoeVOI byM JOONIFRPH F ofItRIIS ulsor theeiu byd Stadnarustr, Aat. andBergoteopi;e.De anda ieilnelostbyo Josph uareris.oupl atUS wi uae'-tr.te et.Pstmart-lsquare ( uDRG AII`7Siramseond-rhand BAmRhizwreL oRGAN byce faiGrshyn as bargainy lsotwoFi.nge Organs, and Barre apnd inger. sutabe foruaesmaLlndchurch or drawingrom.Oran mteias o0 eer dEscripin onLE reasopnrg terms lapplyoasto otS.PAStoNS orgh.and buolder. 2,poLittle. Grassol-streea,Buoonmppiatonfrry.rera J8 OHNyl WELLSa insen o,20,Roetstet.m DRAONOad IN G FRNOITURET'11l, ofninperiol DeiAseadwRomanufature, ofth mfirstrqa3teprCe. DeSigns39 and lst o OforU-rNItbsH yowurl HompSe ted the br iesnet ar hics, atw a devtnE'vshoironmoney n furnishinfgwmrehnses.A Apriced thMnmbent Loundton-rde co sLtablished choc.s 1nlih00 freg foodr, SAi1e. compriiang tof lare sofas btwsotn tablesbt.ath vrmnrr eigh t theis praiceshre biyun ton pourhseayseethemriat gohds orthmte fS rgyle-square.oKng'scrss W RAWIN S ROONIFUREIUE inn n k tebed Roomiptton, fof the mistqansioynC orNottgeTTlnI,lly andu-0 Oford-ureet,th hast nowmfull copetend uhltherarracngemeint of hesene Sandfertensiv show-room. Th1e STOC poefreutyTe CAbUity Fand genItryrepawiclalyiofondtetooinspetofthchiest E:knglish and foeingn woodirgs, equsiteblintastet aulnd ofnte PRyIhaT' furtndituregliehrt,I nd s2i, ati thr-priest chrigedstbye m-anyhossfifririods Etmae rTP¶IFAT-CLES FURNITURENCrpEts,LLeddidg cAT GRTAtIs aonsi oniaLUSTRATED CAIxbroGUconeIetaiinngche - iems, Rell Swisstd economn wutith, eganc re shoudf applort this,a eit heir pesoaley by post beore nastingi any pufrcthaeirs.oc o00 pieest rnicBrssels carpets ath ol d. pricer yard,last oeaths pattanern0 piaeces frt-rae goes podsuation.-nempatoen HouFe BAPLE, 145, Tattndhaa-l Courto-road.eLondon: etabbri-sred1 est, S UERIRSCONT-HFUR)IFURE.ITURE o the besti otescripis freurn th masuion or corttdage, prniall man,u-oo artclefo th drwig ad inig rom th liray adhed camboers, pianfores,andvalabl micelaneus roprty onIe nobiltye andt genty ar paticuarlyinvted o inpec thestocaan prems, beiingl the arget etablshmnt i Lonon.PET'sfurnitretmrt, 1wared 2,oud LOrset, S Bridge-tret lllwfordiatrsBa-rstet ]poFAR ILIESFeruRNISpa ING-mo Eth ELTJ Ds are de -JATENIAT wdConsisting tor of ni silk Crnaekt Wroctellrth much-ur half hei value2, seed and Crwo.rdtmr cto offer thebeg stok of - Bruselscaretsat he od pces reardesaofth advasc madoe by manufcturrs, A mmnse sock f Frechtad, Eonglshtciate of tm Compton-etreet ; 48andr47ticFriman-saceut. men an othes reqiringa suieof irst-cass, onu-thr woodit CABINET. FUR NITURE, Carpets, and. Bedding.- LEVIN CRAWCOTIR and Co.'s niew ILLUSTRATED EMMM7ATES and FURUITUR GUIDE-, containing nearly 200 desIgns and prices of fashionable and elegantcabinet andupholstery furniturem "e. sasdisplay-ed in their numerous show rooms, is now ready, andwill be forw.arded, gratis and petfree. on application, The extensive well manuifactured stock cannot be excelled for cheapness. A first-rate Spanish mahogany dining room chair, covered in real morocco leather. for 21s. Superior mahogany Arabian bedsteads, -full-sire, with spiral twisted pillars, 6le, Country orders carriagefree.-Levin Crawreour and Co., upholsterers &O., 7, Queen'e-bnildings. Knightsbridge. ASYCE S,Chaises Longues, Settees, Convers-a- E zoeS,a &-e., of the most elegant and luxuerious forms, stuffed in'the French, German, and English styles by native worlnnen; Cobinet and Upholstery F`uraiture, fashionable Bedsteads, superior Bedding, Carpets, &e.-Purchasers before deciding elsewhere arc invitedtovisltthi. unique anid celebrated est-ablishment, which isunrivalled for the immense display of useful and ornamental requisites for homse furnishig, manufactured by first-rate worinnen, of ch6oce seasoned materisls; aud it wil be perceive-d the price isaibout onethird less than usually charaged. A large and elegant collection 4of Parisian furniture at very ±educed prices; supertor dining room chairs, l1s. ea4els; down quilts,.5s.6Ed. eac; sperbearpets,lLperyartiunder the usual prince. N.B, Every article is miarked in pa lafigures, and a wrtenwrrny is gircu.-DRUCE and Co., upholst-erers, cabinetmnalers, audbedilng marnufacturers, 66,9, and 5,Baker-street, and 3,4.5, and68, King-street5 Portman-square. A U1USSON CARPETS, in the styleof Louis 14tb~ M 15tb. and 16th, from toe Paris Expoeition, for whichr a Grands Medaile d!Hoeneur was awarded,. at WAUGH and SON'sY Londen carpet warehouse, 3 and 4, Goodge-street. B DDING.-Economay, Durabili!y,~ and Comtort.- J. and S. STEREI'. SPRING and FRENCH MATTRIsSItS make themost elastcandsofrtestbed. A pricelist of every description of bedding, blaakets, and qtuits rent free. Bedsteadsb of eve ry descip t ion In wood, iron, and brass, srtbh, oDts, kc, Eiderdown qu~ilts, in sil andi cotton case-e.- aud S. Steer. beddinig, bedztead, and b~ed zoom femituremanufactureres, 13, Oxford-street. -JN.TOS-- ESED to CHOOS which enable them to keep upwards of 1-000 bedsteads in stock, 150 of which are fixed for inspection, comprising. cvery-satiety'of-brasgs wood, andiron -with chintz and duuask farnatures complete.,- Their mew -wareroome also contain an asmometnt of bedromfntue which comprise every reqolaite. from thie plainest ja panedeafo scranWt roomas to the newest and mosttsstfrrl desgas in aoan and other woods, Tire whole warrated of the goundest nd bst manufacture, Healand Son's 3llustrated Cataogue ofBedsteas, andI Priced List, of Bedding, am% t fe by poet,:-ReeI arid Son. 196 T-ottens (¶OALS 16s. bestSiktone, 'Ss. ; Coke, 11z&-~ -WOOD WAlt). GrSt Nrthrn coal offioe. Knightsbridge. CO0ALS, 16s., best DER~BySHI~RE.- be-St Silk-stone, IS etdouble screened NWa'1!s-end. j22 bes.t gas coke. IU_. Address JAM1ES COOIALL sand Co.. 2 , Cal Excharige. VOALS.-H. P. DAVISbento inform his friends %-/ard tha pobbe htli)~e o wxebet sceden ABix per ton--Grest Caig~o I ok,la.-JOSF ODA ~oe 1ee-tet Ald 4.i n'aeee OALSI.-GetWsenROiwy-ea h&o - I e . e flenbi,ghTO deeB. WIC&X sole o. sh ~ce frthi threeou miles of- the PaditonSatioil drFsIUI andtCod, Great t'OA.LS.-Condon L ndCo'sand5 Oa XJSta.stion. Casmdenpe ton. HeMaesyo 1o . combll-P frmiEsrl-straeet chtria's-;d 2Nd E-onwa iBegasla fIOavleorS.l-Etoen 3s.ren Silkato' e S.6. et IS&DerbyHIreS a&'d Seonds 1~duto..1s ar unceCas Ia tnSIstioAss 2es. beiast.-R { b, t eysappytheoe- 8cr n re -R thesl agland kafp betrtanwci wrked by imotherso i best cd-Fovls ALL.aid Bel~~edere-road, oLl.amreeethe pijCe 4sAevt. eM Screeed by ene atpr'nd Y- elats rAzekmIou ot o metropolisfrerom OAny oter pear~e et u l on udbelivseooaane. curt onmcOA.Lrg, delerdanl ct's. 25sto. p her ol;'liver,' are dl chnar,ed by maohler.22aercldeTngono. 0aiated presrvigth-esternewC Dpl,namge tor.T. F'angr COALS. - Buttrley t orthern Coa Come ny' easihC COLS-d, 2. bf tho dhiutqalto,2s., thorougedyascreton;,hard Etea Northurnac coal -Comp1any's offies. t- ess - -Y gust h Bt'tOAle .-Compnydort Lnd orth-Weey taen. ala Callna-oal- fou rllc :Stvely .'.reen, iOs; Caylae. ilAndygroes, I and Sliscley-or ill,tone 1&i; Stnerfrd,iSa fotecambers. ani!ta FIOALS, 2s best, .-. . IXN ad O,hvn ,~iChazile0ge& Eees ofER- delIery Qurchanyr slUaPirmnvied the Bhari Fto see (hozx nbow k&-ln 520the vry bre~sto 3 It.~ J(.tA-qET. fGreighYsrent d. C rom -le York- shir nfld s.; a'e ifs. per ctialitsohe Cbarht, n4IN 6. pr tu dom Crei va Depot. toseu -T.v WHtaiTL,mangr COALS-24l. betnecl a scrUerea-ne TNeaMt HOUSE3! the 2 nes ult.Sieeata arrasolai7e6-lu xldesuteor Pt-a pupsnaetror;th Sutrlcmey cn&d.-' Noorlith owgosatRibesny on.t2I.CLaledninrton.- or to den-tsen, Klburoor h ri bdge lr.aro Cst-rad, an T(P A Lnd Oos ighi a nd JYoabifgdandTh 'FMiL ntg N*. howeve rlom the Miereay bote, Sc..ateam ni.14 Dolive ed wthi. ndfu miNso chidreasahe of fnimc, 111. warlsnt; sWthel'sej,.Cal amSljo C inerit.-<%ledoian-rerc Depot.- best ruaiwy. ara biuths prton bceet collcr, f%p-rocm don eirr lo.shirehields.to1c toio Uvy atdtde svere d 19.to e dlvrd Adere tse CHAIiRouHAlFIIILe. Sertay SothYoksirini O0ALS.-L4s bet oNalsnsdend NO ewcaWstleR2N jat 2eo.,Isi. p-e nfr cadro. wti theOrepmile ofn Patinong: tretiommn. Thez ecast aU-tre iaas bingreja ee fr t Ceamnplyse. anod arle srongl recoall oenald. Loddito awWXewcag&e seatbthe stAtpron,atlu. d. perA ton -RaW-lW. SfeGE coIal merchanDcrts, llsipe-Chrf Cln-P!Oed, a4nde at the Gre ~~at Wcster ala iof L addivuCalDpttuPids.en an Eor ol- Whrm a. ReeI'iOs'zk IPALL'.}25' direc from the rles'ro tw prop~&- toksh ther1re any art f lodon,at " er on arra-Lem and for, sharUng,Wlces, Norn.th ondon Rilways at os. uhny panrt G oews. of HLagrond. ptitcoALS.nrorthin Londoner RafirghlL o Coaruden-twn,t- nie -nt ST-CAleTosia or IM DeON-t WAIL'sECOAD, dofube brest uait, atrte abouve by srcrew cls fron -.derleryd inOrdrsto bardreasattmeh to this neraiwy n dlvrdteteoeu-'t. ie whr he g thorroughly screened iby.dt ntne p.esaof dabro'h.nd StewLart',b thoa's, ralwnstWiol'b, at 23los (dliert;Caeod oihi f-iveraioe of the Stlkttone,- ~osm;bet fe Sotxtre YvlmiaeI.ondnalnied.-Horus-Wste Is creeyedssp er ton : carnsh on. 1live. Aoth orer toIL% h.oa Iaddres -ed t endO2Ls.-OfO n no care COrLaM dPANYaenow b(deliverming. fromn thisC dai Ieortcast astthe . oEeirebest SrateaNorHatitbg.teratn: eebad rnit.is;Seney.ix ford its.;Deryshre.ils. bet DrhaoWaLo-ndonb tes. Grall, Its. ;cOke,14s. pr chadrunHohelCo wany an ndgi ca ao-uld ypa.iuJ peait ton auny ewcasste se-brn co al.9. jce-od ctug great per* tond Dlver'fed' asct-hW.fT miles fthe deprotsr. atCarolne-platew Camden. -oalS Coas nha.FLNEY SA POR ofsADI-Be Tomsta Can.. The Gretl Shenst o oal Cm C tl eot Pantiagln.ha tasin, cals ofc Thaforoe mand Yoars Coal Whave, Rkegeth, robasi, hvingsreedd inaplyis ngtecrw prbopelle to thei abargeCo. on heRegnts ana, non orfu aigt h pHMSs Eublic i bfe:n tee t~.m t ofertoheuekep-rsatuanye parht nof the wst onf-b Gondon. Pinsico Brrnl,T or qBuealtery Noti i-coal for sCaniprndss.t and h *,.~beatST r AR~'powr. wil eTenon'reference t,', donb- he ddrzso totheacaes Tidepot. o olssiedt LeSu COMPAl~Y.la Iechnd fothDate then prics ofa cand broughte Sofwihe Statiown inFo th0ot okhr oals-Names -of Coal, creened, per thn exparimntsey with: lthwel economic Idpom itgpowra, ors prountds oun'wtero Durap :-atelafrome 21all'sII-c.A ofs. cWi-h'me ierd,byr. At10e1, or FufrynaeCa:Rny. A1'4 ixo's.; Hertleyr, AiTs.' Caish toKbepat on0rs.n th.-estGASoroelvey COKE peiertnper, mile is pcercharldrfor n Discerb~ieyRondfie milessfrom thebCotl Depot at this Sertaton. Deliverie aelvampatUSeLLo igyt ar care Cos. pevtwbrf KifoB-rtlcnRiwy r tRn'scosadatolw,an aesol b~eSTae iGArdein cost t a1drss -"M. peer r Chldroe, SolierAed. fo-The Sl fCsbogt London byeCmpn r thelGrengt ieir beni GASl waOKE e. ther 6 peig'-ros or Hdolloay O cdors to the a proxito of G Binwls-ras Station. Bltndon.haifarl Kin.-J8d-b6i.Tem o e pieryton a3antAetgwaeas telam coa,le; nsrem udcbls .5 e ton Dlierd ithn iv mle o th dpos,atCad.paen-tow oaKn. Coat Exchange..;bot m.IL30. DORT of CARDIFF.-Thornas's Mdrtlva' StEno nodo. iodo. aMetlarCal.isowship y h 4 bv Cm- W antdlis.Th aupero S=tlito theis coaUfr steam% purpose49. and itsehgh evaptioratin oer.yfictnllbey.enddonrefetrenietothesibjof uzued entactefro theTird ReortonColscited toprv the fat.ter ashe Iav." by6rd er d n eb and Dr.. cb t yo Pbufm r ad retnh Showe,ivngthoEcon tomi ae,o h es oi:N eo ol employed in0 theur expermen itthecomceaotng r,Or pondgh'wte eN prtdfoo22 ylt,ofca-hme' MerdtyrN. A 10V;DItn.A0:Nios tehy,AP;HI -,NTEW LIGHT for INDI.T .GIE n - Co. earnestly invite the atninoOlcr to their new PATENUT LIAI,PS, for In dia, beffore pucaigelsewhere those which hiave been foune upon tria to be utel useless.. They give a most brlliatlght whchis ut ffcte byhepunabor other duraugt, bthanbsuller chrge. dtaile preets-cnvn raig n Q,1XK OSrIUNITCHEN RANGES.TeIPOE EM K. certainecurefor asmoky chimney, withh2alftherusual ool. The Patent itadiating and Ventillatiug Oven Range is also strongly reconimended. Mray be seen at 67, Upper Thames-street: or proEpectause3, Post free, by ltcnwx!sndGreen uton -1.MOKY CHLMINEYS.-No (,ure no Pay.- S.JF. EDWARDS. SON: and Co.. her to inform the public that, the nassertake the CURE of SMOKY CHIMNEPS. of whatever desr tion, on the above terms, and givepreviously an estimate of the cost. 42. Poland-st-rest, Oxford-street. MOK CHMNYS.POP'aPATENT AIR. draght eande Mretr smokEin rhmeyuswthenpronofinu e,aebimag 6xUto NyR fireplace atD s aemalh coT'; al donprasss cureOO fod nook cheater roft anyvXoe Oescripin Aplyoe t i opurfed andSn,l d81 IS orCA WLAESH LEATRDERS.- aBSOreN's -hi h arbst, best, ad ce.ps inLoden. ihatg rom ca
SALES BY A UCTION. Drswing room Clock, wiith Chime of Eight Bells, in perfect order. j'j TESSS. HA4M1N]) and EILOtART vill SELL 11 by AJCTION-, at their Great Rooms, 28. Cbancery-lane. THIS DAY, April 10th, at 12 for 1, a most expensive SKELETON CLOCK. It chimes the q=arters, the half hours, aud the hours. and goes a mn meth: is of excellent workmanship, and in goodl taste, with glass st ade aud mnahogany stand. On viewv. Oak Bark. on the Great -Northern Loop Line of Railway.-By Mr. WHITE, at the Bardney Station, on Tuesday, April 15, at 1-30 in the mornin-' precisely *,Col>id:ierable quantitv rofOalk-Barl;,bein.-execedlinglg Awehl harvLsted and carefuby ptit together in June, 18iS, and now standing wvithina few yards of the above station. Any further information required, apply to 31r. Thomas Greetham, Stainfield, Barnley Station. near Lincoln. To Gentlemen, Florists, and others. _IrESSRS. PROTHEROE and 2,IORRIS will SELL 1Y L by AUCTION, at the Mfart. THIS DAY, April 10. at 12, a firat- rate COrLTCTION of CARNATIONS, Picotees. and Pinkss: also dne atandard and dwarf roses, an assortment of American plants, a-eas indica, fuchsias, verbenas, dahlias in dry roots, &C. Onview. Catalogues had at the Mart - and of the auctioneers, American Nursery, lestonstone, E-ssex. Utnreserved Sale.-Milton Villas, Milbrook-road, Brixton MR. ROBERT KENYONwrl SELL by AUCTION ..LILat the Mart, on Friday, Ith April, at 1 precisely. ELEVEI genteel LEA^SEHOLDVILLA REISIDENCES,and a Clisise-house and St_ble, situate as above. These vill3.s are newvly erected, and have gardens in thefront and rear. For particulars and conlitions of sale ar~p:y at tbe 24art; to Messrs. Paterson and Longman, solicitors, 68, Old Bre.ad-street, Royal Exchange;-orto2,1r. Robert Ke;nyon, auct-.oneer. I, Copthall-ehambers, Copthall-court. near the Bank. To Ironmasters and others.-Importauit Sale of Freehold Ironvworia and Piant, at Greet's-green, West Bromnvich-By Mr. THOMAS DAINKS, at the Dudley's Arms Hotel, in Dudley, on Monday, the 14th dLay of April, at 5 for 6 in the afternoon, (subject to such conditions as will be then produced,) by order of the Trustees of Mr. Thonmas Payne, A LL that valuable Freelhold Property, called the A1 the Staffordshire Ironworks, situate at Greet's-green, in the parish of West Bromwich. Staffordshire. Full partimclars may be obtainc on application to lemny Coiner. Esq., solcitor, Stourbridge: G. Jalret, Esq.. Mecssrs Gem. Doc;er, and Sutton. and W. Cottrell, Esq., sollitors. Birmingham: or to the auctioneer, Dudley. Pi'mnEo.-Lenseholts, Furniture, 50 Paintings. Drawings, about 'ito vets. of Books. Square Pianoforte, by Broadwood, and Eifeets. _IR. GEO. HAINAES will SELL by AUCTION, by -t lireectoa of the Executors of Mrs. Elizabeth Long. deceased, on the Prermies, 103, Ebury-street, on Tuesday and Wednesday, April 22 and 23, at 12 each day, the valuable GRO UND LEASE of the late Residence of the deceased. No. 103, Ebury-atreet, Belgravia, held for 67 years, rt onuly£4 per annum, and Buliness Premises, 28, Elizabethstreet tenth. let at £40 a year. Also the excelent Household Furniture linen, clina, glass and effects. fay be viewed Mlonday previous to thesale. Particulars and catalogues of Messrs. Simpson and Dimond, solicitors, 1, Henrietta-street, Cavemdish-square ; of Messrs. Hames, auctioneers. 3Moorgate-street, city; and at the auctioneer's of-ices, Gr..s. enor-street west, Eaton-square, and 12, Eigh-street, Ken- b:. Johu&-odo(L-Valuable Leasehold Residence, at a peppercom rent, vith possession. THESSRS. W. KINNG and Co. will SELL by AUC- TION. at tne Mlart, by order of the Excecuitors of the late Thomas 'Weatherhead. Esq.. on Tuesday. April 15, at 12, an excellent semidetached ITALIAN VILLA, with coach-house and stabling. Wo. 8, Weilington-road. St. John's-wood. and being a complete batchelors rcsidence. encacled in its own grounds and screened from the road by loftywalls. entered by a carriage drive and folding gates, of the value of 70er earnum, held for term of 64 years at a peppercorn. May be viwedQ at any time Iresiously to the sale. Particulars to be had of Me-ars. Lacy aind Bridges, solicitors, 1t9, King's Arms-yard, Colemanstreet, city; at the Mart; and at Mlessrs. Kiing and Co,'s, auction and esta'.e ofiEces, 1, Wleiisztounroad, St. John's-wood. Reaihng.-Vshiable CommercialFreehold, Nos. lO andl 105, London- treleth.-Ahsolue Salc, by directica of the Tristees of Mr. John 3 R. PETER BROABD ill SELL by AUCTION, ..Ns. on Thursday, the 17th April. at 2. at the Upper Ship Inn. Da-Acstret, IReading. all that valuable FREEHOLD tE_TATE, late in the occupation of Mr. John Smith, situate in the best part of London- reet, compriing extensive Celarage. spacious doub.le-fronted shop, L-rgc &e commodious dwelling-house extensive wvarehouses, store roomas, lofts, sheds, coach-houses,'stablig fKr nine horses, well-stocked garde n, lrgeyardl ith two entrances from East-street, and a freehold tenement. No. I. Talfourdplacr. The premises occipy a depth of nearly300 feet May be seen on application to Mr. Barter, of Londonste I;o r. Lamb. of hligh-street, Reading. of whom may be had p>arc at the Ship In- of h Messrs. J. and J. H. Linklater and Ifaksoe, 17, Sise-lane ; or of thie auctionacer 28. Poualtry. London. Iee, K}ent, Lear Blackheatb,Valuahle long Leasehold Investment. MESSRS. KIlRKAN and ENGLEHEART have .'Lr Steined instons IaSELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, To- T,p rccIved I; hasben onuiedionsnsru morrow, April 11, a ll preisely hlinessreiouSly disposed of by private trcaty). atdetached VILLA REkIDEN,CE, with coach-house,stabling, mand fcital gariln. situate and being in Lee-grove. Lde, near Blackneath. en,Itonlae stoahghyly respectablentena ane at the low rent of LICS perEannum, andheldonleaseforalongterm, atalow ground rent, Two-thirds of the Purchase-money may' remain on mortgage. Tue rroperte is wvell situate, near the church, andI witliin a fewv minutess -walk of the BlatcL,enetha-nd L--isharnR-Uiiway Stations on the North Kent line. 3May be viewey cards only and partielionas, with conditions of sale, may beobtaui at the Mart-of j. j.Kirkioan. F_q, 58, -r..Wilani-street, city ; and at tb; ofllees of Messrs. Kirlra and En-grehesart, auctioneers, 5$, KengWllhiam-sret, city, and Blalheatli. New Steino, Brgtn-usatal eetdRehl eiecom -c, manding a good seca view. ~f.WILKI-NSON has been honoiired w~ith instru-I- AJ1 ions from the Executors of the late 'Mrs. Standlert, to SELLj byv AUCTIO_N, at his Estate Sale Rtooms, North-street, Brighten, on Saturday, April 19, at 2 for 3 precisely, an excellent FREEHOLD RESIDENCE, situate andheing 25, -New Steine, witibyfotadotaining on the upper floor, tw'o good chambers, fitthay frot, and oenand Closet on landing; on the Second floor, tw,o cheerful chambers, etressing room, large press on landing, corner si~nk with water laid on; o n the first floor, a well-ProPortioned drawring~ room and back room, small conservatory ; on the ground floor, double dining rooms, good entrncewt loby,wate-clset an enrane t h adn h basementis replte withdomesti office. The stuaini otdsr In the east sidle of the West Riding of Yor`sbhlre.-The important and very valuable Freehold Domain of Bielby Orange, with its noble stone mansion. rich wvalled park. and capital far-ms. bounded by the beautiful windingsof the river Wharf, close to the town of Wetberby, between kYork and Haxrcegate. a highly picturesque part of tlie county, only seyen miles from Konaresboroughi, and 12 froma Leedr, end within easy reach of the meets of several le ofh houds. MESSRS. DANIEL SSITHE anX'SON wll (uinless - - an acceptable offer shallibo Previously made) submit to public COMPETITION, entire or in lots, at the end of May, the above mose Taluable and delightful FREEHOLD and nearly tithe-free ESTATE, comprising a capital andI spacious mansion, with every appendage for a family of distinction, superior gardens, hotlhouses, pleasure grounds, s tabling, lodges,t do , in perfect order, surrunded by a rich superbly timbered Par5k enclosed by a wall, and skirted by tbac river for a co,,siderable extent, together wvith several first-rate farms, with suitable and most substantial homesteads, in the hands of good responsible tenants, at very low rents, altogether about 10.5 acres. in a ring fence, and in the midst of a neighbourhood of the highest respectab3ity in the heart of the Lsrarabam Hunt, and wvithin easy reaceh of the York and Ainsty and other hounds. and with numerous; ether great attractions and solid advantages, both for residence and investment. There is a railwaY to York. connecting it with all Iarts of the kingdom. The mansion is a p peahed byhatndsome lodges and ornmenetal sron gateways, andisewel seluded and sheltered uipon a gentle slope of the paric, near the bank of the river, and command. ta t poiepictuiresque and wooded brows. The land is of fivatriVte ul -amty_, great part rich pastures and meadows interspersed wlith crnamental and thriiog woodands and a considerable POrtion atomsuodlation land to the town. insusring high rents and a eafe permianent investment for eapsitat. Half the purelsmie-oney may remain on the security of the estate. Further particulars will be shortly pub1:sbed, and irs the iuterim plans may be inspected and every particular obtaised in Waterloo-place. Information may bealso obtainedof Mrr. ,V. raver, Plecklield, Milford Junction; and of Messrs Freshfeld, solicitors, New Bank-buildings, 'Mr. Smith is fully authorized to treat for its disposal previous to the auctidon. Wilts,-The Lordshin or Manor of Laclam wvith itz spacious aisd hanslsome modem Mansion. beautiful Rive,OnmetaVoodlands, and exceedingly rich Domain of Sf acres nteprs of Lacock, near Chippenham. and within 14 miles oBahinteheart of the Duke of Beaufort's Hunt. ESR.DANLIEL SMITH and SON aro comnMEni3ssone by the Executers of the late Captain Ilooke. Rt.N., deceased, to orepare for SALE, in May next, (unless an acceptable offer shall be previously made,) the above singularly desirable and complete3 COUNTRY SEAT and very valuable ESTATE, jall freehsold and free of great tithes. The handsome stone mansison, with colonnade and wig, and on which the late proprietor expended several thousand pounds in substantial imnprovements, in delightfully placed upon a gentle elevation, with all its principal rooms opening to the south, and is suited in every respect for a family of rank and fortune, amildst unusually rich park-like grounds, bounded by the windings of the river Avon. wvhich for about thiree miles exclusively appertains to the estate, wvish its fishery, &r. It is Particularly adapted for the preservation of game. A fine terrace wallk, screnedI from the north, leads to the walied gardens. and to a beautiful wood of nearly SO acres (a famou's fox cove r), fuill of thriving oak timber, and intersected by gravelled wralks an turfed rides, part sloping to the river. There are excellent st.ablinig, suprinor farm-houses and homesteads, and cottages for gardeners and labourers. Thie approach to the manson is by a neat lodge and iron gates from the Chippenham road, wvith a carriage drive of about thiree-quarters of a mile chiefly throsigh Plantations; and a pleasant waLk throgh te gound leds t thechuch, n wich n asle is attachied to he stae.Paricuarsan plns re rearig, utin the interim The Prior pak Estate, Batlb,cemprising a noble, splendistl.n paiu Stone Masin. with its exteasive modem wi-nigs, connectdbaci tectural arcades aud corridors, lately occupied as the Gedoa Catholic College, wvith various other Appendage%. delightfiuly situate on one of the proud eminences overlooking the fine city of Bath, and commanding a grandI expanse of magnificent scenery, bitt soclhided in private grunds of surprWisig and varied beauty. S%7SSRS. DANIEL SMIITH and SON ar-e commsisJ3J[sioned to prepare for puiblic COMPETITION,early in June next. (smilessanaceptableoffershailbeprev,ionslyniadebyprivatetreaty) entire (or in a few suibdiv-isions presenting clioice sites for buiilding) the above very important and far-famed ESTATE, within andI consequently posssessing- considerable influence ina the borough of Bath. It comprises nearly2tp acres.in a ring fence,tithe-fcee,and chiefly sound pasture land. finely undulated and richly wvooded, and embellished with oarnaental Plantations, fish- p eels * and bridges. The mansion (formerly the resideuce of Lord Hawarden) is of the best Batlistone), and in aperfeet state, Presenting a noble specimen of architectiire, wRith a grand portico to each principal front of lofty Corinthian colsumis, and containing ample accommodation for a family of rank and fortune, with handsome mahogany and stone staircases, mahogany doors &c. The wings, distinguishedats St. Peter'sand St. PauPls, comprise te chapels, dormitories, lecture rooms, theatres, studios, refectories, &c., but might be enafly removed. There are capitalsatabling and farm buildings., w,ith various other dletached offices, excellent gardens, and romantic pleasure groundIs, with terrace and other walks and rides of ununscalvarietyv andI extent. The wrhole abounding with springs of the Purest water. Also an ornamental cottage retreat known as the Priory; a complete aymoaslmun and several neat animatce lodges, an observatory, and very valubleton qurris. he stae ennobevewed biutbyspecialorder, whic ma be ad t thir ffics, n Waerlo-plce Poli-oolin, byear- Strnd DesCriTIve, particulars,with plans, willhes publishedtwhen thfer dhaylo sae einoisled mande)byinetono the ineiTveyifrmatiesonfa bhe obtained of aMessrsma. DaneleSmithe andbon, land valents, inWaErHLoo plaCe,Rat whose orgce aoplnexmaynb seen. eprsntton.Iti sthae Perphetualh Adisowion of the and oetoyo Cooling,Csl,ewe nraear endndChtbmDanIteL Sncm ITHclsveofes and sON wpll submit AUCTON, t th Mar, inMay Aulssa acepale Destatefua genutleman, decegase,th aboverver valablonteFReEHOiflD sitate in the rihadsti ofpChite anv adeCooling Castl, betweenGravesend handCh icharaol, -bdheincoe. (xlsv ffe)i f0pranm arsig Sromglb lANdIEn tithereTH argeS. payalelb asfewmoc cupiers rendeingAE,a the oleciopaticularly eay aund (ulsecure,iousincreaosed of inom pisatepreted)ro the vryecegntan cutiaption ofAhoSIONth laetheesieneof the poagresent iCumbent isc06.ePopulationgu150. thIserwprticularsmye, knowny oaneappiatione in Wtherloo-plaoce also delightfsully situatean relregatupnthewhdee Manrsion on the rvrbeatiful bankmofsther Tameins,porItsitendselvgareden and park,fetwyeenlIse-, won t b antfd peasured-briudgen. rc eao aa dmrbyds posed wtohpulicSE atoin wtheat earl outhJune (unlesstoth prteviosl edisoe,dthofub prvae treasty) itherveryn elobegat and btrcapital ManSIcoN. latethea reidne viwofth Dicwager Landy Cooewgr,decesed dtistinguoached asm h Islewortihoue aldwaysrakedi radsone of tenmotrac choice and Westmiser gtvandWIndsor.Intainds eeveyated,mobutiperfectl seldd,g inr beautifulmple,asureiroundsane and rihieaowland admiorably disciposed,wuith oawn slopsing wfiths,a soth-east aspngiethouthe, waterans meoge witouctithe waledastitrvenswing hobet-horuobstruction,eand om-e me .andin abfine virew of Richondande ewgarden s.oud uitinh mappfroahe fromthe sleorthandTuvikenhm rads iyga orenr,ance lodgeind handome ateay. t cotais evryacom odatisoncandbappendag forelarg famly, dmirbly lannd anhiglytdcolrated, wiothla competesuie o doestc ofcs, apial tabig ie-house, J.H. and G Thseaaeltth wholenaot40sares, aUtndins high Trader and foxtrmin an importan and most ldesral propry oesncnbeemittedrtoliewrwrithout an ore. Decitvpaiulrmyshty betuhad Matythe hiefwoels CatoRchond;s mand oe MhesPrs. miseH. and G olake Rolicitor Rei,08,Linol's-nn Matr heAlborMrtondo mall,hoare fullyn aurthariedt treatlform imeldiag.Thre dpisposal.s ThGisDHar.noes1s, Groer'seStockandet,-tensin Stradeo an Fhyixt ure Chsina,c Botlass, at Drg,&c,aPtnTml,adother Effecis irR. ROBERT REID wffl SELL, on thenay Apric- at 12, thatENSIl mode TURADEUof acomprisTingE, comprisingpewter ofeeingtagbpos,an mookcds,s copperg toulds, preervng pans, cand oeth,ernculhr artcls Arbafrbedrstgaps wtheru bengnsbedg,chestadcuhos, how glawers, aonstampngdrss shop dresesn tablew, chvlondo housetholdfur niue. Maymber vuriewed, Catcheogeuesimytes hand onther effetses.n oiewe. RoberatuReda, 4n, GeatMarlborugh-hreet aT ig Harnnerss. Grotkcer's rstockndFtens, Stoc otheasChyenReis-t,on Sisting ef0 Brottles Dendgs, aPtn-age and Folos Fetoplther Effies. -it.ESROSER WEISOD awill w SELL, noda,Api .iVJ4 AUT12, amodemr FUNTRom,5 E, Comprihsingeet, cud,gocarsional, andS fAnY, tabes cabinets, chImneyr and pieFRS glase,Tideboars secofpdinin teables, bookcasesi, writngdalestci, Brusselso an fter car-o vuriew reden Satrday aVend sa n mmn c ae atalogueshad To0 ron.mondern Hoate(Qeepers, Brokers), Pan teh ertaTen Drewigise Stoves titBrine Felndtersoand fir-rons, resienct-plthed Arichles, rea.; ne ilo ae A/IESSRS. WELSFORD and Co. wil SELL by iLL ACTIO, atthei Roos, 3 NewChurch-street, Edgeware- furniure. n viwWedesdaand or by ofdsale. Cagetalogesmat, Room Suite in ~ ~ 12ebft i walnut,reoefrmarsdneithFiciy .LeaehLdAUCtION.aTtheiHrRomi,a3e, Nlew Church-stremnueet,Egware- oead thIS DsaY, Stheti0th inst,oati12uors t, byorer ofat agntlGremn, 48- dit spcuoons.o lades fishMslie Adai; alo 12L chir ACin walnut covePredminselve, easyednchairs April1abt1n bredisteads, pai ofEAbiets,D niESTois,bronpres,itre vagnlabemaclocs chineat, glass and variouces othe efets. Oneview.ull Citatalgesi ats the groomds, 15, diueenguse-rad Bays-th Laeldstt-TeHermitage, Blackhlticotinnaou eth abew chminut des'swal rofmsthe sewrhaut Stton, aandsontraiguou toomthe Heath sd Greeijnwich-patark. abemne-ic,acheflbwwnov iw room D.vnin A.ud,sacioAs hasl bichens,instutdb theuuldmsi it Exctrso heldo e-o la.ter ofs Adamh to SELLs bye AuCTxiONd, onth ther Powremises on - Wed anedyApil16, at2 preectiselyn, autLesiaSeH oL proTATe,hcomprising ragntlemanl rerticlreat, ithanesytaessmof teobtan,edelghfullyssituatooesindinlown grliounsn distgOlbd Bran-stheet Hf3ermitag.Youackhathconitaining foud rybest mbedhambr,dressing rooms Randserv anttsone,,suvayrhandsmdrwn roomer ofarg dimensVions, witchesatuaryoumarblemarnitel-iee, Patcherfulam bowe wiundoW,dnin room,convnientstud,saiu Engaving, akidees and theuuaomsi o Rfces .e A .hhs RAndStAbYhg s greenhue lawn,oitchsnt iadn, Mo;hl en leaonse frorm thermetr of whihe16yars eve. unexired ato thE prodUCeIN whnlthe11 Peroannum, thcalersitand lckharsto, vioewma bhe Lbtvishnedo eSsrs.on Morees adaSll, sorlcior, a5 Od Bread-street; a of Mressrs. Young caccounantHOS,HOLD FURIwRy-hmEr end ofFEOTS, DP.A faendyrsandctioneeir,nsureo, maoandyvalur,post aing otiliiamBiceah,ilomiursehl furntuerbe,s Pat e,dlssdinen,pa China,loVany uige warrob Bookhs,s Engdravings, 3andbEfects.adote asad byd AUCtiON,son thiet Prbemsdes,inthelaHermithaire, Bruaklcathdcoshert crtzthe esha dstion. ronsewdnesdray,inApril16. e ancollowing sday,a lcmprisingifndesandore-irdons,ertahlesany four-postuffandotherbedwingd wrdrbes chsts f dawes, arbe-tp and otheritwashsimnds andfiting an tile taule, desingglasesrcairns, Buselsay pother carpts~ he hufisme rsewod drwingroom tsuite,eompising sofa, ~~tass, damask andabe, nU wanu tabe, ite ofchars enravngsfraed ndglared mahogany side- vases, elegant park phasetn, kitchen and cullinary utensils, green-house plants, and miscellaneouls effects. Mafly be viewved twro days before the sale, and cat310gues obtained of Bluteis. Yolung, accoluntants, Old Jcwry-chambers; and of Ufr. D. K. Raasay, auctioneer, surveyor, and valuer. 79i. Iiing WiDliam-street, city. Herefordshire.-By Mlr. JAMES YELD STEPHE! NS, at the Green Dragon Hotel. Hfecreford, on Friday, April 2S, at 30'clock in the a'.ternoon (subject to conditions of sale to be then and there pro- A Valuable Frecebold Estate, known as the Combo Estate, consisting of about 410 acres of very superior arable, meadowv, pasture. orchard, and wood land, in a rig fence, situate in the parishes of Presteign and Byton, in the county of Hereford, of which 35G acres, with the farm-house and building, are now let to highly respectable tenantsat a rental ofeil0PerAnnum. The mansion house and the remainder of the estate am in hand. The mansionhouse is wvell built, and contains diniDg, drawing, and breakfast rooms of large dimensions, with bed rooms to correspond, and extensive offices and servants' apartments. The out-buildingscomprise a stable, coaci-house, cow-house and dairy. The farm-house has recently beeln put into good repair, and the farm buildings are numerous and large, most convenient, and well adapted to the size of the estate. The property is situate in the valley of the river Lugg, and in a very romantic part of the country, affording fine views and very pieturesque scenery. The river Lugg runs for nearly a mile through the estate, and affords excellent grayling and trout fishing. Anotner trout stream forms a boundary for a considerable dintance, andrims into Lugg on the estate. The whole of the meadow land maybe irrigated by vater-courses from these streams. The Nash Lime Roke!s, affording excellent lime for agricultural purpose, are within three miles' distance. The turnpike road from Presteign to Ludlow annd Leominster traverses the estate, which is distant from the Leominster Station of the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway 11 miles, and fromthe Pembridge Station of the Xington and Leominsterailway about five miles. The land is letto most respectable tenants. The tithes are commuted. The land-tax on a portion of the estateis re. deemed;* on the rema inder it amountsto £417s. Qd. per annum. The property occupies a central position betwteen. and lies witbin an easy distance of, the excellent market towns of imngton, Knighton, and Leorainster. For further information a3jply to Messrs. Banks and Sen, solicitors. lCington; *a-. J. D. Waters, socucter, Great Yatmouth; and to Mlessrs. Tatham and Proctor, tsolicitors, 10, New-square, L'ncoln'sinn, london, of whom, and of the auctioneer, printed parti.culars and plans may be obtained. For a viewv apply to thetenauta. Furniture, modem Gothic Ham, Piano, two Ladiea' capital Side Saddles, &C. M R. HENRY FOSTERB will S:ELIL by AUCTIONf at his great Room, 410, Oxford-street, near Sob-qare, TB!4 DAY, at 12, ssquantityof uaefulsecond-handFURNfITteE, capit-al sst dinig talbles, large chimnmey-glass in carved oak frame, clean bed room effects, a very elegantwalnut-tree cab'net, and other effectsl, from store wFarehouses, eo Xow on view. Sale This Day, at the Mart.-£43 a year Profit Rent, arising from No. 14, King-street, Portman-square. will. SELL by AUCTION, at the HISTL DAY, at 12, an elgible LEASEHOLD PROPEXY. o. {, ingstret,Pormanquae: eton lease at £65 a year, and heldfor 32 years. at only £2 per annum. Particulars at the 3sr:adteofilcee, in Covent-gaiden. o1zAa. Day, at the Mast-No. 1, Charegtreet, Manheer-square, and No. 12, Grenville-atreet, Somers-town. nl- ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION at the ILY 1M3art, THIS6 DAY, at 12. TWO deirble IN;VFSTMEkTSNo. I , Charles-street, Mancheste-quare, with double-fronted shop, let on lease at £45, and held for 30 years at four guineas only; anda private Dw.elling-house, No. 12, Grenville-treet, Smers-town. let at £20 a year, and held for 25 years at five guineas. Particulars at the Mart; and at the offices, in Covent-garden. hale This Day, at the Mart.-Weybridge. Surrey.-A l?reebold E;ci- dence, .ith Gardens. Coch-house, and Stabling. . ,FR. ROBINS w%ill SELL bv AUCTION, at tbe , Mart. THIS DAY (Thursda). at 12. a superior FREEHOLD RESIDENCE, with ample accommed3tion for a famiy, carriage drive, large pleasure and kitcheu gardens, coach-house, stabiang, and imuediate possession, on4y half amile from the railway station. Particulars at the Mart, and at the offlices in Covent-garden. Sale This Day, at the lart.-Absolute Reversion on the death or. a gs ntleman in his 51st year, to the Beciford Estate, on the borders of Glocestershire and Worcestershire. ijR. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, at the 1. Start. THIS DAY, at 12, the important REVERSIONARY INTEREST (absolute on the death of a gentleman in his .1st year) to the FEE SIIPLE of the BECKFORD ESTATE, in the counties of Worcester and Glocester. altogether 1.527 acres of first-rate land, and producing a clear income of £2.266 per anlm, charged with paymentsamountiig6to £30,100 and also to -10,000. Particulars at the Lart, and at tlle ofiices, in Covent-garden. Elegant Jewelery 150 Gold and Silver Watches (some by eminent london makers|. useful Plate, and a variety of valuable Pronerty ESSRS. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTIOtN, at .their Roms, Piazza. Covent-gard,en, TIS DAY. April 10, at l2, elegant J, IELa EIdY. enriched with dIamends and other precious stone, Includingsuites of necslaces, ear-rings, and otherbrooches, diamondrings and piuscloomestoes,ltkaleablegold and silver atches by eminent makers, Swiss watches, a vatiety of usetul plato for the table and eidebbotds omamental ldocks, plated arties, gtus, and pistols. On viewv, in Covent-garden. Service of modem Plate (abeot 1,200 ounces). the prolierty of a gen- tlenSan to he seld aithont resen-c. i ESSRS. ROBINS orc instlucted to SELL ba their AU ION, at their Roois, Piazza Covent-garden, atH1IS DuApY April 10th, at 12, and unreservedly, a SERVICE of modem PLATE, abeut 1.200 ounces, consisting of several chased tea and coffee nots sugar basins, and cream ewlers, tea kettles and stands, candleatleks, waiters, four comer dishes to form eight. tankards, four richly chased antimues saceboats, fourditto Cvte, an.quespears, cruetframes,sauce. pans andl beats, soulp and sauce ladles, table and dessert spoons and forks, set of dessert knives and forks, chased faloer stand, elegant jeteller, Marthes o e.e Now on view, and catalhgues lnad of T. J. J erv2ood, };.. 17, Ely-place, lofiorlssq andat ,esses. Rohinsve offices, Covent gOarden. nest of England super,dne Cloths, Piece Goods of all kinds, rich and tasting R Bi'lks and Satis. Le theirqRooms. Pia Covent-arden. T.mrrow, at2, superfineWVESTof ENGLANvD WVOOLLEb CLOTHS,kerseymeres,doeskins, rich velvets, satins and silks wvearing apparel in great variety, table and bed linen, and generalmiscellaneous property. Onaview, and catalogues had.,-Great Piazza. Covent-garden. Foreign Cigars, or a genuine, old first-cass quality, w el inaterei ESSRS. GROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, at j3Jg the Marts on Tuesday and Friday, the 15th and 18th est,, at 12, old FOerIGN CIGarS, of first-class quality, and in very fine conitionn lottedto suit private peucasers. On view, wdith catalogues, ondmhornings of sale, andtaample hex of each opened forinspetion leicester-square.-Bnsmess Premises, with Oven, and smal Leasehold Honse, Orchard-street, Harrow-road: beth with poisession.-By opder of the Meortgagee. M UTR. FRED. GODWIN will SELL by AUCTION 1 - at Garraway's, on Tuesday, Apri 29. at 1, the BENEFICIso isTpEEST, for 30 years, at a low rent, in the PWEMISES, 7S, Castlestreet. corner of Cranboure-pwassageh wel knowl n as a coffee and lodging house. Also, the Ground Lease of No. 7, Orchard street, Waverleyroad; held for a tong term, at X5 ground rent. The houses mayvbe viewted, and particulars had there, of H. Whitehead, E1q., 7, Whitehead's-grove. Chelsea; at Garraway's; and of Ur. Godwin, 3, Halkinterrace. Bclgrave-square. Sydacy-strect, Fulhans-road. Carohine-place, Fulham.fields.-For Occu- pation andInvestment. AP.R FRED. GODWIN will SELL by AUCTION a1 at Garraway's, on Tuesday. the 29th day of April, unless sooner disposed of privately, the smadI LEASEHOLD DWELLING, 31, yrdney-street, near Chelsea New Church; held for 70 years at £6 ground rent, and of the estimated value of £42 per annum. Also the nnexpsred Term of 93 years is four convemrntly-built Dweling-houses, Nos 1, 2, 3, aiid 4, Caroline-place. Hammersmithmain road. 4ielding £60 a year. and subject to a groundrent of £5 perMhouse. Mny bet iewed at any time, andParticulars had of H, Masterman, Fsq., 17', Bcklerssury of H. Whitchead. aEjq, 7. Whietehead's grove, Chelsea, at Garravay's; and of Msr. Godwin. 3, HaDkiu-terrace, Bedgrave-square. For Investmentaor OccBpation-Stanley-street, Belgravia south, and ellington-square, Cheleand by order of the Idortgagees. R. r FRED. GODWIN will SELL by AUCTION 1Vtat Garraway's, on Tuesday, April 29. in four lote. unless sooner disposed of privately, a teaIl LEASEHOLD ESTATE, Aoonrisin 126. 127. and 129, Stanley-street, St. George's-road;* held for unexpired terms of 76 years at £n8 Is per house ground rent. No. 127 iselet ae £42 a year, and Nos. 125 and 129 are in hand, Also No. 4, eldingetonsquare, Chelsea; held for 7X4 years; groundrent w£10, sandilet to a good tenant at£5S per annum. T'he houses may be ievwed (those occupied by pemilaion), and particulars had of N. Welmnert, Esq., 4, Eernardstreet Russell-square, and 3, King-street, Cheapside- at Garraway's; and of Mr. Godwvin, 3, HalIra-terrace, Belgrave-sguare. Battersea-park Brewery and xpen f a, 10-horse oer Steam Engine, and WeU of fine Water. SR. FRED. GODWIN w Pill SELL by AUCTION, at Garraay's, on Tuesday, Aprile29, at 1, by order of the mortgagees, and unless sooner disposed of privately, the unexpiredLEASE of 60uyears, at ouly £6 ground rent, of this eigible PROPERTY comprising treestorye -quarter brenery, extensive cedarage, yards stabhing. wvorkmnen's cottages, brewery tap; together writh the modemn fixed plant, Timaed's patent, moved by stesa ,power, in capital order and ready at a chlrt notice to be put into full work. The premises may he viewed, and particulars now had at the brewery tap: of H. Whitehiead, Esq.,b7,o tehead's-grove, Chelsean at Garraa ny's tand of Mr GadTun,3, Halkin-terrace, Begrave-square, whois authoriLedtotreat for the sale of the same by privatecontract, Quarterly Sale.-19 Pianofortes, Harps by Erard, Pleyel, and others, Cabinets, &c, MESSRS. DEBENHM, STORR, and SON, wELl 1 3 SELL., at their Rooms, Kin"-street, Covent-garden, THIS DAY, April 10th, hlISCELLjAU1'OUS' PROPERTY, including 19 planefortes, 6 and CI octaves, in roserwood, walnut, and mahogany cases, by the leading makers, double and single action harps, bY Erard, rast, and others, futes, niolins, cErnopeans, conLertE s, sextants, quadrants, theodolitos, powerful day and night telescopes, surgical instruments a pair of or-monld cabinets, and effects. On view. Qularterly Sale.-Veluable Palntings and Drawvings.-On View. M ESSRS. DEBENHAM, STORR, and SON will rSEuLL at thei Rooms King street Covent-garden, To-morrow GFriday). at 11, the SELECTI6N of PAItrINGS, including specimens of and alterr Claude Ruysdael A. Dumer Rubens Mumillo Iandseer Danby Buchanan d sinnfield, and other esteemed masters; prints, wlatercolour drawings, and effects. Quarterly Sale.-Pianofortes, Harps, Bronzes, Paintings, Books, and MLcelianiee.-l'bree Days' Sale. MESSRS. DEBENHAiM STOlR. and SONf beff it*11.to announce that the QHAR~TERLY SALEh of WORKS o ART, musical and mathematical instruments, microscopes, coins, china, bronzes, and miscellanies, will continue on Saturday, Monday and Tuesday next, Each day's sale to commence at 11 o'clock, and the property on viewv the day prior.-IKing-street, Covent-garden, Apsil 10.18, Portman-equare.-Desirable Leaseholds. MESSRS. PRICE and CLARK will SELL by A133. AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Tuesday, April 15, at 12 for 1, n three lots, by order of the Executors of the late Miss Frances A. Bland, THREE substantial LEASEHOLD RESIDENCES, uNdeniably situate in one of the best localities at the west end of the meiTnopols, being 1, 2, ndr3, Lowler Seymour-street, Portman-square, hlhico aro held for long terms, nt moderate ground rents, at rentals amounting to £350 per aunumn, offering an exceilent opportunity for firat-class leaseholdinvesthment. The premises may be viewed by permissionnof the tenants, and particulars had of Johm Trail, Esq., 4. Hare-cout, Temple; at GarrawMay's; and at Messrs. Price and Clark's offices. 48, Channcery-lane. Capital Freehold Investments, Islintion, producing £1tl per annumr M ESSRS. PRICE and CLARK have received oeinstructions from the Mortgagee to SEomL bY AIJCTION, ae Garrawoay's en Tuesday, Aprily5, at 12 for 1, in four lota, valuablo FREEHOLD PROPERTY, viB.:-Trro dwselling-houses, wnith chops, 2 and 3, Roman-road,Bamnsbury-park, aimo convenient stabling vwith largeo yardoandaoiodbuseoss premises; together with a blacksmfiths chop, dwelling-houe, and excellent ranges of stabding for 50 horses, sEth pacio:is yatrd, &cv, situte in Dover-street, Roman-road, built in aovery superior malner let upon lease at £65. The wrhole is freehold, and produces a rentA of £171 per annum. The pnopertgein this improving neighbomrhood is rapidly rising in value.,and is recommended to the notlce of capitadsots. May be view,ed by permission, and particulars had of nlessrs.WVeail and Berkeley, solicitors,Tesmple-chambers, Falconcourt,F lect-street; at Garrawfs and ot Messes, pariceand Clark, 4S, Chancery-lmne. An excellent Residence, close to Portland-place. 1t ESRS.PRICE and CLARK9 will SELL by 1 AliCTION,at Carawavy's, on Tuesday, April 15, at 12 for l, a safe LEASEHOLD INVESTMIENT, being the Residencs,Eo. 5, Beaumont-street, Portland-place, in the parish of Marylehene, held for a term, at a lown groud rent, and let to l respectable tenant at £57 per tannum. The residence mayrbe liewed by permission of the tenant and particulars had atGarrav;ay's; of Mssrs. Simpson, Cobb, Robertis and Simpson, solicitors, 62, Moorgate-street,eity; and of Messrs. Price and Clark. 4S, Chancery h ne. City.-By onder of the Sheriff.-Elegant ned se limanufacmired House- ohold Furniture, in good preservation, includine a cotly e alnAt-tree Drawing Room Suite, ;sith Commodes, tables in cttnespdndit g order, fashionableipanish mahogany Dining Rtooin, Library, and Red toom Requisites, Six costlY walnut and rosewood Pianofortes Galices, Vevet pile Canrets, Bronzes, China, Glasts and Effects. A portion by order of the Sheriff, together with the Effects of a large residence, removed fromn Hampstead. M R. LEWIS ber,Ato anounce that be hasreceived in- structions to SEL% byAUCTION, at the Vareroonms, No. 69, Queen-street (two doorsfrom New Cnon-street), city. TT-morrowae April 11. at 12, the wvhole of the superior FURNITUREa , comnprising a magnificent lalnut suite, covered in satin, large clr msy and console glasses, handsome c,-nved tables, rich velvet pile ca1rpets andmugs, elegant comnmodes, fitted with pl.nte glass and marble tops, a noble Panisiiai clock, bronzes, proof and other prints, plated articles, pole fire screens, fenders, irons. &c.- b andsome Spanish mnahogany dining room, library, nind bed room requisites, including several sets of chairs, oun-es, covered in morocco, noble set of telescope dining tables. carvea baick sidebeard, large Brussels carPets and rugs, beokcase, library table, noble four-post and Ai-abian bedsteads and damask hangings, toilet and winged wvarelnobes, drawers, wvasbetands, bedsteps, Ac- ; iaPan furniture, and a few oult-door items;- also, six costly planeforteS, stools, canterburies &-c. Many be view.ed the morninz of sale, from 9 until 12, and catalogues had of Mlr. J.ames Cox, solicitor, Old Jewry; of the Sheriff's officer. 13. Great Bell-alley; and of the auctioneer, 4, Colemass-strecet desty City.-Under an Execcutton.-To S'nippers, Private Families, and others.-SiX costly andbrillianttoned S-c.tave cottage Pianofortes, in elegant and richly carved choice walnt-tree cases, fitted wvith metallic plates top and het-om. to resist any climate, jIjF. LEWVIS wvill SELL by AUCTION, the above, ' 7L at the Warerooms, No. 69, Qneen-siet. eci,ty (tw.o doors from New Cannon-street), Te-morrow, Atpril 11, at 2. May be viewved the mormingof sale, from 0 until 12. and catalognes had of the otficr, Mfr. Philpot, Great Bell-alley; and of the auctioneer, NXo. 4. Coleman- Lewis-place. Fulham-fields, F lbam, near the Grayhound Tea-gardens. -Superior modem Household Furniture, including a drawing room suite in Walnut, suites of curtains, cottage piano, chandelier, plated goods, linen, china, glass, and effects, of a 10-roomed house. R. GEO. LEWIS will SELL by AUCTION, 1X on the Premises, as above, To-morrow.April 11, at 12, the genuine EFFECTS; comprising a handsome draning room suite covered in velvet, cottage piano, suites of window curtains, consoles and chimneyglasses, loo, card, and other tables, cheffoniers wvith plate-glass, handsome Brussels and other carpets, rugs, fenders, fire-irons, 12 dining room chairs in leather, couches, tables, &c.; together with everyre- quisite appendage for the bed rooms, including Arabian bedsteads, with hangings, goose beds and bedding, chesta of drawers, washstands, sl r carpets, platedgoodc, linen, china, glass, kitcheu requisites, and other items. On viewv. Catalogues onl the premises ; of -Mr. Hy. Thompson, solicitor, Fig-court; of MIr. Phtipet, 13, Great Bell-alley; and of the auctioneer, Coleman-street, CitY. No. 4, Ledbury-terrace, Bayswater.-C apital modem Furniture full compass nearly new rosewood Grand Pianoforte, by Rtobt. Womum. ItR. GAIRDSNER will SELL by AUCTION, on .L the Premises, THIS DAY. Aprl at 12, (by order of a gentlenn going abroad,) well-made FOUR-POST and ARAB3IAN BEDSTEzAD1S, clean bedding, winged and pain wardrobez, chest of drawersad crs hamber requisites, a drawing-room suite in rosewood, and French dama.k windowv curtains, oramental items, 12 dirng-room chairs in morocco, pedestal sideboard and dining tables, Brussels car- pets, china, glass, a-nd cultoaryv utensils, On viewV the day prior and morning of sale; and catalogues had at Mr. Gals-drer's office, 159, Tottcnham-court.road. Lake House, Ianstead, Essex-Surplus Household Fumiture and Live and Dead Stock. lR. W. H. DEAN will SELL by AUCTION, on V kTuesday, April 15, at 10. in consequence of the pproietorlaving the locality the SURPLUS HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and LIVE and D EAD STOCK, including awell-bredbroin gelding, 8 years old, 16 hands high, a good hunter, and quiet in harness, a wel-bred bay gelding, 3 years old, 19, hands (unbroken), with substance and plenty of bone, a mostpromising olt, two heifersanearly new van for one or two horses, suitable for a cordealer a new chaise cart two loading carts, a nearly new three-horse double-land roller, capital iron gardenroller,severalsetsof carriage andcatharness, a chaffcutting machine, an oat-bruiser, quantity of bar iron, 20 iron hurdles, pair of ionharrows,alargequantity of woodfencing. quantity of wire fenc- ing, tw o pumps, elm and deal boards, sundry tanks, two hesps ofI mnanure, and a variety of useful effects. Mfay he viewred the day pre- I vions to the sale and catalogues had on the premeises;* at the Eagle Inn. Snareebrooi;George Inn Wan}stead; Green han. Letonstene; While Plart, Romford; anud of the aucticaceer, Stratford, Esex, Grond Rents, on the For'unan aud Southampton Estates., MjR.ELGOOD-is instructed by t-he Trustees of the WM o T-d RoertSeymour, deceasmed, to SEL. at the .Mart, -on Tuesday, the 29th inst., In fire lots, net GROUJND RE.NTS of £232 15.. Per annum, derived from wereral Houses and Shot Crword-street, &c, held lg epep;g eorne Ofth, Postman ,at £. 30 per annuma, defr 5Ted r unexpUasirEd onQ aMadThxee Housesarid Shops, &c., in St. js et!s-place, Hatupetead.road, held of the Southamptorn Estte or 2 yars 1rintedl partcular to be had at the Mart : of Megrs. frW e nWilan aolnstora 19. Mrgart-stroet,, Cayerdish-square:&ndat Mr. 'a someie.K28,ivipole-Etreet. Cit Eaae-Aol750 per annum,. for 10G1 years EEGOOD) is instructed by the Trustees of the M 'IOfLord Robert Seymour. decae to BELL, at the Mart, vauble. estate in thuer6toY-road, near the Bunhill Burial Ground, forrning the whole of Comercial-p'lace, kc.. comDrising several houses and ,hons,capitalwarehous-es, Lx. let for the whole term. with atrifiLng exection, at ground rents and moderate imroe rents, amountin)g to £S1,028l. Per annum, and held by one lease of the city of Lonuloni, at a ground rent of-£223 Os. for56 yearsfrom MNiobaelmias,1610. Prioted Wticlar attheAngel, Islington ; the Mart;, of Mfessrs. Browne and Pirssolcitors, 19. Mara et-street, Cavendish-square ;and at Msf. Elgood's offices, 96. Wimo. O0-Street. Blackfriars and New Rent rad -Aot£0 per annum for32 years; £40 and £60 for 161 Years; chiefly Ground Rents, and Iruprov_ ble. lIR. ELGOOb)is instructed by the Trustees of the AlV. Will of Lord Robert Seymour, deceased to SELL, at the Hart, on Tuesday, the 20h irist, in three lots. a net 1lq&NUAL INCOME of ahout £700, with reversionary interest, for Elq years, in ground( and othsr rents derived from a large estate, cIose to the Surrey Chapel. Blackfriarsroad, producingaboa~ut £878 per annum, and held by one lease for 61 years from Michaemas, 1787,ataground rent of£11; a net Annual Rental of ahout £;40, for 161 'years;- and Ground Rents of £60 per annum, for 161 years, with reversmion for six yXears to the rack rents, derived from several houses and shops, ix., in Uarper-street, New Kentroad, near the Elephant and Clastle. Printed particulars at the Duke of York Tavern, Blaekfrnars.road; and the Hop Pole Tavern, on the estate; a the Rising San, on the Harrier-street estate ; at the Mart ofMsr.Browue and Wiilams, 1 Mlargaret aedLi Esquare; arid Of MT. Elgo0d 98, W&Imolesteet. -tet Cvnih Household Effects in good conditin nerynew, Carpets, brilliant riPate Glasses and Girandoles, a five-ligtCtgasGsCadle, Plair of 6 arid 12 Li his for war, large Model o ah,Ctae Square, and Grand l?inn.os, P'ictures, Clocks, StieGls,adOrmental Items. _A, ESSRS. BULLOCK will SELL, at their great .,Y1Room. 211. High Holborni. on Saturday next, at 11. aio HOUSEHOLD FURNOITtURE. including winged wardrobes, ehvali ari toletglase, dawes, arle ashtans,bedsteads and bedding, elegnt rawng eousuiesi wanutandrose woods, damask ourtam an conics, arbe-tp ommdec bokcaes,dinngtables and bad tomorrow. ~ ~ ~ ~ ad v Capital ~Vne, from gentlema'sacellar lItFESES.BULLO K wil SEL, attheir great Rooms 211 HIghHolbrn o Satuday ext,at half-past 3, a smal bt slec CELARof I1~. aout70 oze, Prtsand Sherrie. My b tatcl a th tme f sle.Saple proron payment. MIESSRS. BULL C are directed t-o SEL th -_ - Mart, on Wednesday, April23. at 12. a well-secrdGON RENT of £8 1Os., issuing out of four cottages andgresint Mary's, Stembrook; held at a peppercorfo66yastcmean paid most punctually by Messrs. Page, ofterwryDor. aicalars mlay be had of Mdr. Steele, solicitor.,.Lrcl'-u-lls at the lMart : arid of Mlessrs Bullock, 211, HighHobm Clerkeriweli, Leaseholds; and a Share inte rehl o uhin- bridge, giving votes for East SuryadMdlsx 1U S RS. BULLOCK are dected to SELL, at iLL Ethe 6 Mar, on Wednesday, April 23, at 12 in four lots, eligible INVESTUMNT for small capitalists, viz, Nos. 5 and 12, Mferedith. street,and 10. Skinner-street, Clerkenwell, held at very asm ll ground rents, rid producing £110 per annum, from safe tenants, of long standln~q; also slhare in F'ulham and Putney-bridge, paying an average divicLend of £8 and entitling to vote for the two counties. Particulars may be had at the Mart ; of. Messrs. Boulton. solicitors, Northamptein-squatre ; and of Messrs. Bullocks, 211, High Holbern. At te Mrt, hinlls.-Fo Inestent and Occupation. ~,rR. OORE b~ to rmind te public that he wvill LVI ELLby ACTIN. atheart,T~IS DAY (Thursday. at 12.in0nine lotson, vlube FREHLDad EAEOLD- 13,ckAtES eigible foCivetmnt andtwd Dwllng-oues adated foigroccupa-d inthn aer ad a b otin Ed at the ar-AUCTIONofce, Milteend-road. April10.brdg-radSttinsofth 2,000,060 ~of sound,wl-ae ulsrd STOCKSan otsherdrcs thle6 Wash, Calk, an Pug Mils,prearedaBick arth, Sol-rvl, c alk ndl -npleit.B reofteEeuosof Mr. Samuel Emsaleycasd,wtou e-re J .MOE MSL by AUCTION, on the TV Premises,th Gobe-towa rcfe Goera,rca h .tra en ond sRalayadghaRgntsCaa, on Thurday, April 1,a 2ocok nlt.aot30nw el 24,atoned hafor12.about 2a0006 cpofrdsouneld STOCKS,10 wahdwMarf Aapltanks and plwtate,pms spoutlEs,tartes,abu.0,0ofperd bRic .at at ahd6 c.YO NGw llrnfol 1,600b yardsIOf, hogging sand andbayls, eHREEctinpfitalig and veytreffets My beviewed prvtwe daySEprio aridgmoringlo stale, and cth arlooguesh_rad,a h Rihsingren. Grecamhu. randtity fars is Taeshrns, neardth forield;Andctithe andc ettoner' offie.s Mileend'hrc-sroad. t,gwaLod S.Mryeoe ofI.Saulntomawoleyngeceaed.swihout resrivae.Huss lIi.n MO YOREGwivll SELL by AUCTION,o teal Officre, New Chtrhsteet west, Norfgk-sreet Btno-geadnerMie end-gatne, on Friday, Apr 16.e at Dro'lok.ing losts,uabots 0ingedowel- seasoed, half-Pinchroomle andtcupoaFrdpniuellredovdOOS 100m dwromp dea berdsandpreare stff,nais, ines, locs,aridmusedfu rom hapngigs three Hosbehutin machineuresses,Toh odem sire), cuttiG-r itron,lathrer, 200eano Panduefu Csunres.f May biler-viewed Daysprert andve monin Fofkssale;rind catafiloge hlatd Watrte, autirersden oWes,gMile AVapita and Omusteattractndltl Estt,f edfiectsreod from tiheoc frnd Lower Grosvenor-holder. MjR. B. THOUNGA wil SELL by AUCTION, atl h31in MaUey,THRE Mcapitolsqandreryo Tusastfly, decrilate pivathe HOUSES, delNIgTfUlly state inEC themrboroudhfromd th-stovereet, destt (suppices,byea hurctratret wehost,edgerwardi ie-oadi t.iMarylebcome pysig sidaingro-Tomsie long Lasvryehlderiantean Houstles. rpin of Bra .fr orwnos YO N willSELLrby cair,cucheIOnd earl a very dsirablelong LEAEHOLD nsole table sitateintheCaedoiai-rad.Paticlas wllbe shrlred- OfiEalyal,. New ChRchstreetlwst,uEde.Wrel-mad. untr,ToPao 400 vluose of B oks r0taes. Lifn Dawin Effet&o t,Wigdok ton, .nd100Oi PinEWTingsCarvedandisteroraes ofemtvedfros M R.ence.il1ELObASUilSL yACIN INtermeonatnhis Gpi1,allery.or 1, oniaes unr-sfnare, THIS berEof loG,Aprl10 at 6,en 4F0RvolUmEs;fBOS co prints paiogntgsby fold-ostandmoderncmasters. ctarvdsgosbes and ote hfa eswern u appcambrelot ariedashos, hoausehold furnitu r.i.onm vuitew, and choatyaloudoeshad,ah rooms.imeyan Supeos nsfien Hosehod Fuuitue. 50ertals, oc ooks o Genercali and orks supriorShefieldPlatd Wa tDese sandle,adgwatod Vase rin Ornment, an Effcts:remoed fomeRchmod Sand- LoerGosvntyofernstreet Vlub.retldFrs R w illtontoSELL by AUCTI ON atthWlieIoHtl,n instou of . Te eseb-qyre on Tuesday, te1t aofApria 5 at I co5, the priin aft drawing froom suitel, ofla very elean ade costly deRScription ofdcurtain foCourt windoews walnut-trete cabufirs,conces, ando teas cahioairsentsuite, Tens-et-pil carets wingd foremebroiers consoleytable fou-pot bdsead, wol ndhai matrese, bds ndbyeddin,mar-on Earl S1 nals.-g.a,ruel-square,Bopo.-Wuperior Furnnitue, TwouPiano-d FuAr.itur H.d HEff ItT,b dihavciongoh dpoedutiof the loa-e GL Euce) ERRwill SELL by AUCTION,ohePeiss n Monda Aprl4 ath 10frmi, ons ccounteo The numbe ofi l lot, ath 12foxpe-ln FURelITURE;tcomprisingd mahoganyOL four-postTand Frenchrbedstadshoose beds,eands the usualz chamberssk appndags drawinguf band dining romsites inmgauchoganyo adra rsewo, lais pnobeshimneygand pistganssaddes,stwoct-glas rs chandelirs,wcnsroletbls clcs,ite ,c capsi-g tf alhoganydwingenbo excelleant hinen china, glass, ande boktchenranuisitce qsies. Mybiaond oaturda preceds. thy e sale,wad ctndaprvosadmrigo eadctlogues had on the premises; tM r.Sms,T;dl,ai Saudlads 3 ecirbsre;adat the auctioneer's office,8~,oom-tet egaes,q11,Hae t ~Rict3mn-l,iATeKIatel facinstruthTede byitheit wesrld-.d .kLPmero toND WSNwl SELL byAACIOUiteWht TLo IOte, i tetwofthenbyr, on WTuesday, the 15thhayof April, that 1 'cockai ithe aftieernoon for 2peiey al gethoeaTWO desirable FAit S potcalle Rebacnerth Courteandssewinapw,state abouternfivecomaioesfo The fahionabe otewns oTenby,ancte rol,adfm Pembro, ked to Tenby endm onrmathe, etnoin or th egocuantio sevrallyo Mr.oDavi ouynes and rihtse ofthfis com on r n thereunoblnig aneegtbd chavingssuitablethom hadrfofoesrs'. leumre an Cou,soaidscitors,t, Laineoins-inri- hels London;l Mfiess. Honwell and Son,eLeaplly; ordofuhelauctionee, ato Furntur andEffcts by iretio ofahexectri cofdithenlate Captain LediaraddWld.%Ne-stLre R. GEG. BRRY willSELL byQuCe-tIONt oafar LV th Prmiss,as bov. TISDAY Apil 0.autio 12fd pre-c Clerkenwel-a near St. John-street-road.--Genume Househsoldiiarniture, superior set of inahogany dining tables, handsome rosewoodI chelfonier, plate-glassback and marble-top. 10 very fine proof prints, splendid-tone 6Ol-octavo cottage pianoforte, in roseewood case, miahogany winged wardrobe, set of mahogany swoop-back chairs, leather seats couches in leather, large Brussela carpeta and hearth-rugs, splendid jap)annedl and brazs Arabian bedstead, 100 vola. of ocooks, large ebimney, lrs, &C. Y . WARD will SELL by AUCTION, on IVLtePremises, 24, Mlyodelton-square, Clerken*ell, THIS DAY, April 10. at 12. without reserve, 200 lots of excellent HOUSEHOLD F URNITURE and EFFECTS ; comprising iron and French bedsteads, capital feather beds and bedding, wool and hair mattresses, mahogany and japanned washstand and tables, sueirdressing-glasses, mahogany and iapanntd chests of drawers, bdroom chairs, and all the usual chamber items, sets ot mahogany chairs leather and hair seats, Oairs larlgeo dam--askwin owughFrtaist, broltandsteel feners, and fir-iOns, 440eiir bonsokse mahogany, sideboard, mahoganyof woo thsorinping,sofdP unzoaktabinni 14-ayeinourltchina, gLas,pits, pandtallithe usua ktheClngornequistites, Onsview,aned catal0ogus ;toi beoha of Mr. S.deatvereorg ariAdDerao, St.efod Boh-sreaet-wroad on thearlboroeg; an to the auctioneer,th, D as'er. ow, Wl sth- brkofa oug. a then Castl arid Bmall-zd tinntMrlbrogh on Touesday, April an, other- ntaios n he tong dstofiOt egiBare, at4otns;stin hislyotfil pingsr. st3th br of youngoa oalur thin6 ning four ltsviz.e -treI, thiefbar of yoaun oaktsionningsaiboCollughFurest Woosiad other ?ln pattoions in the CErlorougbodrsnedisrc, esdmtimate at00 tons; this 1otwi wilbe delivered at Advr ugrod Burbage-wharf, or Marl-oog,a h pino u borug,athopinothpuchaser. Lot 2, the bark of young oak tinnsi h mlWos anpoherpatationsiintheBorbagen district, estimated at4O1 tons; tsnltwl thsltwhbe delivered at Gubg-hreato arbodwyn-h,atf tHunerOpton ofrh chielybofogh mall theosionsof ineparlborugeFrest and. ourbaer panta tiowns inte arlbo reoug dtrie enestiae anAto 20atns; thrins lo20it bent deloiveet willbogre-quirfeodalbrh at the Opt o al,an ixionofthe puehaier wLo be Thven bark ofe young oa hnigsi h Wos andothr panttina n te Bdwn disrict, apoedstiaedaty 1L0tos;I this le wil be delivered at. GreatngofO gey ouhrfnHaer o3b ferd,o Reynolds. of Lyehll near Marlborough, and Mr. Evans, of Marlborough-hill and lot 4i by r. Wooldridge, of Great Badwyn; either of whom wil give any further particulars required. Every information as toD transit mybe obtained on application by letter to IMr. Goold, ,Xottesanspakj arlborough, We-tbourue-grove w6st.-Long Lea6eholds, for investment or occua-a tion, by order of the Mortgaees. will SELL by AUCTION, at the 1,i on 2ne6sr.Aprtwo lots, TWO capital gardens in rear, being o U4 and S6, Arher-street,n a direct line with Weatbourne-grov; held forvery sg'erms. at lor groundrents. Maybe viewed, and particulars bad Of ees. Gray adBury, solicitors. 10S, dgewarerouad: at the art; andofthe auloneer8,Orchard-street, Portman-equrre Aetahon-Mr1easehold Etatea.-By order of the Mortgajee,. LL byOAUCTION, at the 1art nTuseday, April 1S, at 12. in twvo lots, TWfO wveli-haUl eight-roomed HO0USES, with gardlens in front a nd rear, being Nos. 20 and 32, lloxbnrgh-terrace, PKrince of Wales-road, suItable for invessmentor occupation_ HIeld for ion6 terms, at lowF ground rents; of the presumd nal alle ofE£80. ?,ay be viewved, and pas-ircular had of jfea GaY spdBerry, solicitors, 103, Edlgewre-road ; at the MaLrt; and at Mr. Lomax's ollices, 8, Orchard-street, Poctinan-sqluare. Secure Leasebold Investments, Edges-are-road. M R. LOLAX is instructed to SELL by AUC- ATION. at the Mart, on Tuesday. April 15 at 12, in to ots.TWO capital private HOUSES, 146 and 178, Edgeware-road ; both let on lease, to tenants of the first respectability; producing a rental of £iS9 perannum, and held at low ground rents. The preme may be seen by permision of the tenants, and printed particulars obtained of idessrL Gray and Berry, solcitors, 108, Edgeware-road; at the Mart; and at Mr. Lomaf's offices, 8, Orchard-street, Portan-square. Im oved Rental of £42 per annum. IM2E.LOmnL isi nstruted to SELL by A:UCTION, ^ v t. the Mart, on Tuesday, April 1S. at 12, an IMPROVEI) RIENTAL of £42 per annum, aising out of house and balrer's shop, situate 2, Newhberry-laco. Malden-road, Kentish-townL The premises are held on lease for an unexpiredterm of 82 year at a grounm rent of £10. and underleasedfor42 ears on payment of ;=. at the annual rent of L2. Printed particul arto be had of Messrs. Gray and Berry, solicitors, 103, Edgeware-road: at the Mart ; and at the auctioneer's office, 8, Orchard-street, Portman-square. Islngton.-Ieasebold Premises and Plot of Buildng Grounmd R. LOALA i Wl SELL by AUCTION m byorceroftha'Morteageesatthe Mart, on Tuesday. April Ds, aSt 12 in one lot, a brick-built H tS.E, Coach-houses, and StabliCo` rituate in UJnion-road, Liverpool-road,let to a yerly teant, at £3, perannum, andaplotaof Building Grond, sCitabletfor the eretiou of a factory or large stables, the whole held loavavery long term, at a ground cent of £4 lOe. per annum May be viewed and psrti:,ulars obtained of Messrs. Grayand Berry, 108, Edgewvare road;* at she Mfart - and at the auctioneer's odfices, S. Orchard-street, Portman-squace 8ihort Leasehold Investment, in St. Jame.'s, under the Crown. K ]1R. ALFRED CO will SELL, at the 11 on a rvosyby pfivat e contract), the brick-built EtES ID ENME. 4 Great Ryder-street, together with te braclk premises adjominig, all let upon leaase to responsible tenan or f iearat a ground rent, and yieldsn" £124 per annum, clear of all dednetians. Good repairAtuctioneerfs offices, S4, Hew v Bond-street, radsd, Upper Ba1;er-street, Elegant H3 ouse. in four acres, neafthe Epsom Eailwiay. TNALFRED00 wil SELL,oonthe P1th of 1A of t he veryatasteful, modern VRS& RESIDE2NCE, havin- 12 room, gardensq coach-house, stabling, and long carriage drive, standius elevated in its o ewn paddock, atofnstead; freeholwh-AuctioneeteoIthes, New Bond-street, orxtpper Baker-street Beautif el large modern ansion-ho,non at Old Charltou, on the Sbuil Kent In. a 1th June ll (unless previouly disposed ofo), a fia M SION, in the Italian style, deached in 2i acres, on a bill, at Old Charlton; comprising numerous bed chambers, four large and loityreception rooms, stone staircase, and fnc offices. All most subsatntially built, completely finished, and in rine order. River views, Particulars from Messrs Willson and Bristow, 1, Copthn.ll-buildiags; the Auction Mlart; an-I (with tickets to view) from Mr. Alfred Cox, 64. ewifv Bond-street, and 2, Upper B,aker.strcet. Belgravia.-The superior Leasehold Residence, with BiUiiard Boum. MlR.GEO. GOULDSMITH wil SELL by AUC- &VLp TION, on the Premises, To-morrow. April 11. at I precisely, the LreSElof the veioyexceltent FEAMfY RESIDENNCE No.1, Belgraveroad, E clesten-squarel Pimlico. held for an nexpired term of 3.10. or 17 year at the vcer iodeste rentof £150 per annum, which, together with the whole of the tenant's fixtures and billiard table (manufactured y Messrs. Sne), wil be offered in one lot. The premiwses are hoilt in the meet substsntialmaner, and w^ell adaPted for a family of the iirst respectability, and contain, on the upper stories, eight bed chamoers, dressing room, bathroom, and water-closet; on the first flodr, to vnoble drawing rooms, rchlyflinshed, and hihardroom * grondi-loor.shdaciors entrance baUl Iarge dining room, library, morningeors , dre sig room, large china closet, &o, on the basement, ample culinary offlces, with housekees room , butler's pantry, servants' bed room, lare store closet, with good cedarage. and other conveniences. Mmay besview edhy cards wahich, with particulars, canbeobtainedattheauctroneer's offiCeS 0. Pont-street, arnd 2f. Belave-road, Piilico. Lo. l, Belgrave-road, Pimli?e odem Household Frniature, frard- forte, and Effects. '1tjR. GEO. GOULDSAIITH wil SELL by AUC- TION, on the Premises as above, To-mossnow. April ll, atn1 precisely, he whole of the CON2TENTS of the PESIDEet), wvhich cludes several iron bedsteads and bAedding, mabogany wardrobes, chests of drawers, marble-top wvashatvads, and the usal fittings of the several bed chamber,, rosewvood drawing room suite, c}hmney glasses, lo,carandoccasional tables gvand pianofortesbyCouardandCollard, mahogany diirng tables sideboard, dinner oamogonsu se of ditto chanis i leather, mahogany bookeaseo and other ilheary frnature k;itchenrequisites, andnumesrons effects. On viewv the day preceding and roming of sale, Catalooues on the premies, and at the actioneers offdces 3, Pont-street, and 24. Belgrave-road Pimiaco. The douprable residence into be let on lease. In Bankrupt^r.-To Cabinet fakers, Carnenters, Furnature Dealers, and others. oeiR.. GEO. GOULDSimIITo will SELL by AUC- alTIOin , on the Premises, 3a0, O.ford-street. on Tuesday. April 15. at 1 precisely, by isrection of the Assignees, te STOusKn in TRADE of a CAIlET MaKEE, including a large s unetity of diiferent kinds of veneers, number of deats pieces of oak, mahogany stabs, sPuares, and boards, workbenches, brass work, look;s, hinges, -&e; also, twvo newv Spanish mahogany sideboards, ditto wadoe, marble-top wsashstan d and dressing table, Sutherlanad table, partition forruing offlce, and varions useful materiaL On viewv the day preceding and nioming of sale. Catalogues o. the premises; of Cbarles lIee, Esq., official assignee, 20. Aldermanbury and at the auctioneer's offices, 3, Pontstreet, and 24, Belgrave-road, Pimhico. Lee, Klenlt-A valuable Freehold Estate eminently adapted for build- seg purposes,with a spamious framyReesidence and Out-buildings, and two genteel detached Cottage Bresidences; aLs Qlot 2), contiguonato the above, capital House and Premises,imown as the Manor /rESSRS. GREEN (23, Old Bondstreet) have re- ILL ceived instructions to SEL1 by AeUCTION, at LLarraay's, on WVednesday. AyMl 23, at 12, a valuableFR EEETATE, delightfully situate, at L.ee,vwithin a fewvminutss'v.walk of the Blact;heath andliew isham Stations, and within half sanhour's journey of London comprisimg a thoroughly substantial and commodious detsched family rcsidence, formerly in the occupation of the late Joseph Sladen, eq., iteh coach-houses stabhing and out offices, walled sardrens, conservatory, lawin, wtell-timbered pleasure- rounds pad- dsic, and two genteel oerl-tenanted detached cottage residences, the site of the vhole comprsing unpwards of 10 acres, gently elopingto the high read,. and presenting most valuable frontages of upw.ards of 1r000 feet, the estate being singularly well adapted, and at ease availabie, for building purposos. This property wiull be offered for sale in one lot, presentrmi a most advantageous and speculative invest ment. Lot 2will comprise the capital Fleehold Htouse and Premises, nowv occupied as an educational establishmento and ou nown ss the Manor School, w;ith its out-offices, garden, and playground, Particulars and plans may be obtainedof 5t Barb P Staeen, saq., soicitor, 14, Parliament-street; at Gan-away's- and of Mesrs. Grees, estate ageNts and auctioneers, 28, Old Bond-street e Flreeld, Sussex, about 8 mites from Lewes, 10 irom Hannardns-heath, and nearly midway between Brighten and Tonbridge-wells-A caital Masion, and 68 acres, freehold, and land-tax redeemed. 1 , SSSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) have re- IVLceived instructions from the Proprietor to SELLLby AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Wednesday, Mnay 7, at 12, the valuable FRoEEHOL,t ESTATE, known as UAcNI eld HSouse, a thoroughly substantial modernbuilt mansion, adapted for amoderate-sined family, heautifueysituate, commanding fine vieis of the highly picturesque acenety of the surrounding country, standing in the midst of its pleasure frolyds sadgardens nwithproductive orchard, and surrounded by about 6S acres of park-like d h nd some of thebest in the soput, boeundd byethe estates of the late lord ILiverpool: ;with capital stabliug and out-offices, and all necessary farm-buildings-the whole forming a most perfect and desirable property, eligible alike for investment or occupation. The real. dense contains estrane and inner halls, handsome draw ing, dinuing breakfiast, and morning rooms, library, and strong closet, bath room, princpal oak-staircase, six beat and secondary bed chambers, four servants' bed rooms, and capital damestic offices; coach-house for four carriages, exellent stabhuag, gardener's house, dg. Particulars may be obtained at Garraw-ay's, Corab ill;* and of Messs.n Green, estate agents and auctioneers, 28. Old Bond-street. North Wilts, within four miles of three Mlarket Tov;ns.-Yaloable Freehold31monrial Estate, wiith stone-bruit Mansion, Plantations, and Grommnds, and 35 acres of rich Arable and Pasture in a ring fnce, yith Entrance LOdge, Farm house. H ometead, and Cottages. n ESSRS. GREEN (28, Old Sond-street,) have ye. IVA ceIOvedinstructionshtoSEL Rby AUOC-ION, at Garrawatys, on hednesday, nmme 4, at 12. (unless in the meantme disposed ofs) the valuable MAhNORIAL ESTATE (freehold, and laud-tax redeemed,) of Blunsfien St. Andrew. pleasantly situate wiithin three miles of the Stindcu Station, and about four miles from the mrcaket towVns of Sbindon, Cricklade and FRgh Iorth, comprsin the capital family roe sidense know n as Binunden House, approached by an entrance lodge, and delightfullyplaced on the sonthema elope of Blumsden-afl,. commanding extensive and varied vieis. with farm-honse, homestead, and cottages, and 15acres of rich arabia and pasture land, in a rine fencesurrounded by excellent roads, and produting arental of about £8600 per annum, besides the mansion, ohfices, gardens, and plantations, which are im hand, This propeEty offers a capital investment, and prrsents beides many attractOons for reidence, especially to a sportsman beig situated IN the entre of the V. W. H. Hnst, and eaithi easy reachof theDunkeof Beanrfort'saandtheBerksairehonnds,andof theprin. cipal station on the Great Western Railway. The buildings are all in good repair, the lands in excellent cunivati n, under the occupation of a highly resnectable nnd responsible tenant, andthe mansion in in everywayadapted for theresidence of a county gentleantm. Partiuslars may be obtained at Garraway's of Messrs. Mullings, Danbeny, and Chubb, solicitor Cirenceste.: and of Messrs. Green, estate agents and auctioneers, 2Suld Bond-street. An Immense assemblage of capital Second-band Furniture, in excel. ceDaent condistion, Pianofortes by eminent makers, a Double-actono Harp by Erard, Ornamental Items, and numerous useful Miscel- j'iP SSRS. OXENH}AlTo and SONS will SELL. by AUCTION, at their Rooms, 353, Oxford-street, near tho Pautheon. To-morrow;, at 11 for 12 punctually, an immense sassseihinge of capital second-hand FUitNITUPRE; comprising draw.ing roam, diningTroom, and library hairs, sofas, ousche,C and easy chairs, of walnut-tree, rosewvood, and mahogany, loo, card, ooccansional, and sets of dining tables, pedestal and enclosed sideboards, chimney-gltases, pianofortes by emment makers, a double-action harp by Evard, bookcases, &c, Arabian, four-post, and secondary bedsteads, wilth hangings and bedding complete, wardrobes, drawrers, w;ash-stands, dressmngtables, do., ornamental itams, china and glass the domestic requisites, and numerous effets MayV be viewred on Thursday and morning of sale, and catalogues hat, SmaLl I,easahrold Estate, East-street, M1anchester-square, lIjEsSRS. O2XENHAJ!I and SONS wvill SELL. by IV L AUCTION;, at their RXooms, 353, Oxford-street, near the Panthoon on Tuesday, April 15, at 1 for 2 punctually, a small LEASE:HOLI) ESTATE, consisting of a capitally built residence, 71. Eaststreet, Mtanchester-square, held for an unexpired term of .years, producing a net reatal of w£30 17s. per annum. The house may be view ed by permission of the tenant, Sunday excepted. Particulars had of MUessrssFuller and Saltwrell solicitors, Carlton-chambers,Regent-street; and at MIessrs. Oxenharn's offlces, 353t, Oxford-street, near the Pantheon. The Beull Spa Hotel, Tavern. Villa Residence. Cattages, and Ba,i,r- ing Land, wizth unusually extensive and favourable Frontages, Norwvood. Surrey. MR. DANIEL CRONINwviII SELL by AUlCTION, itaat Garrawray's, on Thursday, April24, at 12, in ens lot, the valn. able LEASE of theabove extensive and excellent PllOPE:RTY, with immediate possession held for a long termu, at a moderate renst, with a covenant enabling the purchaser to purchas the freehold oEthe whole estate at a modemte One. The situation of the hotel is weh known to possess pecliax attraions,, and the frontages onthe high road from Lon(on to Croydon, and on good roads diverging1thereirom, are peculiarly eligible for building sites, being situate on a gentle eminence, overlookingth surrounding country, and at a convenient distance from the lCrystal Palace and the railway statoans. Mny be viewed, and articulars thd on the premises at Garra, ay'sn Cour Exchange Coffeehouse, Mark-lane;* of J. F. Elnlie, Esq., 47, Moorgate-street; of George Ware, Faq., 30, Blackman-street, South-aark-; of Charles Applevard, Esq., I New fnae Lincoin's-tan; of Win, Pemmell, REq.. of ficial assignee, I,Ginldhall-chambers; and of the auctioneer and estate agent. 42, Boomabury-square, The Royafl Crystal Palace H;ote, Tavem, and Grounds, Norwoool, Surrey, the Stabling Premises attoched, and Four ttractive Shops, with Residences adioining. in four lotsl AIR. DALNIEL CRONIN is instructed bv the cAsignees and Mortgageesto SELLby AUCTION, atGrraway's, on Thursday, April 24, at 12, the celebrated PREMISES, with immediate possession, known as the Royal Crystal Palace Hotel, Taverm, and Restaurant, opPosite to the Crystal Palace, Norwood, in the county of Surrey, incelding a large number of well-arranged bed chambers, dining and drawing rooms, honoured by the coutinued presence and residence of various members of English nobility and fashionable world - also several assembly and other public rowns, and the well-arranged grounds adjoining, the whole judicously planned. The average trade is extensive and profitable. A lease will be granted to the highest bidder for a term of upwards of 90 years, at the alEost nominal rent of £225 per annunm Also at the same time will be Sold the Stabling Premises and Stabling in the rear: also l I and 2.Pslaceterrace, adjoi'ming, let on lease to two respectable tenants, at £100 per annumn; andNos. 3 and 4. not quite finished, and of which immedi%te moesuon may be had. They are of the annual value of £160, and a lease in emanner will be granted for a term of 90 years, at a peppercornurent. These properties smay be viewed, those in. Oupationby leaveof£the tenants, andparticularsmaybe procuredattheHotel; at Gas--aways; Coin Exchange Coffeehouse, Mi1ark-lane; of Wilham Pennell. B aq., of fcialas siguce, 3, Guilfball-chambera; Of J.MF.lmslie Eaq., solicitor, 47, Moorgate-strect, city; of Charles ippleyard, Esq solicitor,!1, New-*square, zinroin's-un; and Of Mr. Damel Cronin, aunioneer and estate agent, 42, Bloomabmly-squars. The Collection of Pictures of James Clift, REq., of Bloomabury-square, who is retiring into the country. C.OINGEO. ROBINS& has been instructed to IS remove and SELL, at his Rooms, 21, Old Bond-s , TH;ISDAY, prillO, atl preciady, a COLLECTION of PIC1URES, formuedduring the last 40 eas which incldesmany rare aindvaluable portraits, particularly a Charles by Yandyke, and woriks by the undermentioned artiss:- . Guido Rubenb, Breughel E;idd Dornendieino Cuva Rneler -Ehaye Snyders :Bril Morland mA-dield S. Rosa Lely Lance Calvert, kc. )Iyb fed eltwo days prlos, Ind catalogues haa. Oider of Mae.-Hereford House, Old l3rompton.-The Lease of t1f, Mansion and its6valuable Content,. CHN'NOCK and GALS WORTHIY beg to announce Li that the OIDEEt of SAJLE ofthis laluablepROp'ERTywMllbe as follows, commencing at 1 precisely each day:- M,nday, A ril It-The Lease of the distinguished Residence, with - t I ieusjW +ala kardens, hel-dfor atems of19 yearsunexpireda, a If8 eraxu to be fOlloweduidth sale of the furntr f h pe led haber, thediainroom, and l-rry,includitngampendidoired mtuf,t numerous oil pantings and OrnAments, old china, 200 vols. Ofbooks, servies of china And glass kitchen utensls numerous garden r~u-tes vase s, nd ornamental seating. - Tuesday. April 15.-The well manufactured Contents of the prir.cipalt C~ ooams, Vnldn neeant white eunae b Dseadsumer Isintroigs ofathen urenhr deon rm%ratvcool aietwrs exeniv greats meri. Wrdnsensiyl chrina theA furn utuSerofite Ofdo Panefo thail, a ancld panted beautiful oandth elearngs etrets of the lirafgryo incluinglworks dele33ianuofanotie, auongturelarge glsesnd1p'Panls ofrnnpo artstand byVendces aro smarlltSno Piece and Cirattiea by Wuecas end others by ~ ~ ~ ~ Series Picart Sireater *Vtaenprmiss; nd rOumoer ossplarenuensils beeswong forae, rollners, epnive pnhts&. fAnnerntable babut 500 oucs,haplarge platesalver,0sixtdoden Svrese paitdpltes adh elgn efet f th drwigromsencun well.manufacturefrmtue lre= gglass 1TH panerpresfaVngute( -wrthn siensrcios from Caton Prolace,o by CpiSEL ay vAlUable\ a;tthy Muartero Modock, with lee andI jrewelled teapemeent,easgran cabnet riaofotein hndsme acoodcaE, nwalynut-tree boowase cellar ina adlater, BuTezrgundey, bron anod-pale, Strends&.; abr circulayronpeted adouleseatped oga, andfo warnceit ar poerfelvbreuglThis horse,KA harness, d bytepeen&weuin.h ai o 95 A Onuview.iataloguestled, en ach)into been1 bting itred on the vrnaultad ow her autoners 2E5. Regen,t-storeet Waterloo-plaed.o ayeaso h 4eriodobrnaof spleindid oftbe esinPot, uaratee,dinalleofioeoquaity Saongodeoloursupbirandandoshippry vintdgellSbetteding.4 ithe tradet ofn a private, getmentlMemnfssm Chbeoelutd R Galswot.b- Patheulart,ton odayi Mya,ae1prctey the attninobh ulctovehi extenorve andy imot Fnt CeLLAeR of POmRTe wine, nof ying whbaere itas bonYttled inavaut i;mwellequantiiesyindablforduse Ptrand, wHoelporieitmayh clunehoases purhed bye thae preseoneral durfing thssae panic o 1Sarly~ idesedviategyoftthedr epcalndohstince. bapeenbottgundstrIbed ient theaul periot boa,Te iei of the wutneuo etrp quliaimity, andsr Cin slnddconi bels-olfromoesmpehyth u ua,teh the auctioneers, 3 ofntsret eisualcruactuertor umthautsed and willts bemlotted from suitbothate. patcual todiecutor the atEntion o the prcublit, 5e thilos e treoedcar andsbeuryueb Paermitsasime whenrBrd winerof suhe adcbaveaeteionl warho hobtaied foinelasmt quamntitis,) at faulospies.a.Ar 22d Hthelgonuineb clb-omews,daigromsie aie and th-tadtgnralywileu tbisofrsal pariuarlof desevin ofthei esecilnoieas of Ganiermatne isnlluEat,senttofa v-ar of he ounty uonprpets appchecitidr id th esses.tcireo effnt Gateorth, th aucionersata,lRguenrt-stre Eet. Ol wy Adrbottadperiorn Funture Caind Efecs,reoeditl oppomit Sheperin-anent 1%f . ARIT-IADUKE MATTHEWS Nis ietdb AJL Uthe ExectorsetoSELL,ndon oThePeises,da5., Worhip-stree acrsb,byeriio of exeerglhoc a ird, whereathe gREODs have een wrs. housed fboruthelastcrSpmonths,) on TueosdCay,Armig si,uallthe, genuin shFoCtS ditcefomHriMgady'Ws wingedn and otheriwardrobes fourm-pat nento darawingroomnsuite,mabdingvets and ctthe piaofe oenrte,air of superior cheffoeieampand bookastheyeofi Germ b,and m snurctssre tseto dinilng ta bule,sdeboard, carpetlits,a falee OPriitems afdth enetire efortse EFtatwUfrihdhue.Ctlge tte offices, Old Jewry. 'dcshmot n djoinSgrreyCamp,imeodariatelmopie the pfermanen Barrr,adWithin afEwLunre byArdsIOf.Her aety'e Paviio. -13aisesf ver valuablew Freehol Quil?sodi ng Ldu halfacre Aprlos. - T .at ther rell,b Mart,r London, Ponrithursa. May22.iin ablOUtSacre ofhe bexseaedislcoc and vagng,luable fReatherbdsn bedd'iag LANDoginy abou hralf-dacdrepotes, i ma mehoariyang situation, a ver shrtwe dastsanfrom Hoier Mlassesty'snPavilion,uan adsoiblag te pfermnhmert barrackuroun, comadngviw of tatlSaihe iaogayele scoeneryaond tarblein maho-nd th dem stfar asth eye1 willa reah, and ishe pchairsth ronlyD cvailabes land ofhalike chrateroD obtad,ainabeb thesina pabl,pesenoutingt buildersen and clapitalistschen oprtqunsitys anohr eretnghues suiayblevior otcers prceinandmtenue ous nta fsocalscnecte with thuez tamp ned wnhichrehase- alraybcm the wrnialnts in the neighibourhood,Esate of tesOl Jurinewry.~g-tet,cmid M richmond Surroy-aubeyWatersiehd Furnmitues.andCEffets. ta H torEWf h wllt mraet SELL by AUCTIOX, o t t the. at 12s foc recInel, byorderkof the Proc,Ay prieo, h genin Ht2 oUSteHOlDal n saiu CORPITREOan EFFET E; ompiEsi ng stnahg of I b. sand ther beds-uiteads ol aehue and hagnstpief athrbedsindtlf b veddag drawrs,washstads,toilt gasse, ad t etusua rbleago of bhedre uchamber furnturet, Setraof caiat Shepainis aoan eecoednn hoDeod coce- n his oeodlocr, and occasionaGtables cInie glasses i-rngitforames, Mrusel aSe. Cidrniushers cambrpMetrnS-t Jai .o bookcase handoePrsa timepivece monstutedions thmol, ien chsignae ond gafeEs ss,Itenrquse, and CD othErL eyfAeCts Myhvewdthe dayreier in Handhaf Hmorningdo sale.nCtalogduesdoh. taed. onth premises' at th porinia inni thesete sive LEALHOoDi and ofsthe autinery, andoreuildiet, Rihml ond.em f4 yasa thelo ret f z er ea.Litahtermn and aothers. oniuusth Gl ridRE hsJeeuennsrctionsCnl n h itne i fromwy tgther Ewit- g nerl toew 0hofrte later hors.o Ptage stoa SeLLgyi UCIO, an, lt them valunriable and .the ar fm spaciousCaPdHOLDPREMISE ,acneirgo ar substntia brick-buil lotacawwrhos, and astevlubepat,abli, ngwacithntoery larg yad, sefu ou-buidigs, c.;latly det.i on lae aot, thenr yealy ennt.Thee alubl prmiss ossssThe greatseadvant a-eo vios t ste y prmssin o tetnan.carticoulas hand cpondition ]%Jf. J.J. LEM NS hs rceiMedAnstrtacpon th TION upo thePremses,Ham-harf He-rod Beeutfog aiddlresex o Tesay,Apil13a 1 or2,th UeTenIOeNLEaSEtheL Grn ucionwcanal, Sandte inendebod Inesrlw,togenthe it na Lynw2hOUro, pwerointa steam engineT and, wrugt imur cldRicl beie, thre po a lbrt ofmllwstons% and fTtinsda, Aprirel ar saw inubnchuandy saws andcto all the valutableepan, gar susandia maichineil, withthelatst mprvemnts ingoo wokin fordoer, tincn lomot,an thelooe atices,in ot, imedatey ateraTei Draisccan mahHil. chinsy my eiewendprticlarsandcantoiguous tthed raiplnath igstreret afnerg Brown,gsw., Hnsoitr.-FLasryepfaceo nornfieth Oakat t fAmce ond the auTioneer, Bomyel-ow,hefms Finsbury-sqare In Bn.rPAICy.Bentfwd Mr.L by AUCTEIONS, upo the Premies Ha-war, Kinm-ereoad Bria,tentfrd ofTedy April, a5t2,14 THREEwrougt iBroTRES Cistern andi loptos eanects. May 3ble e vs40piewed and.30 C atalgushadn, Sne p7hreein advertise. M !droeen adArmsiunn, audjoiniSngdtefordwood, RIlwgsey Satio on groud rnt, nd eldfor n uexpied ermof 1 aryirul articmay b Blchah ewisham,.--and LreasehoVlald nestment.d i ],JR.LOGUNS will SELL by AUCTIO N, at th. Hats,ter Roaslen ABert.dwyN eptfcord. on Thuesday, April 17,a - puntually , by diureota ydrion of the oTg ustees, a o sbtantial bric-buIth lateSIDEN releen it every6nd cWOnvneco domesticD comfort. HOSitaES anbith three Florence-roadnwtheinrafee, plachestof ltelgh on road,atL5 New-cross,nDehtfad, an imeditey owgoidrntigou to the ocilway sttion.o Heldm for 0 nyears,a theyne,mind renthom4 ad. letpeatbl2e oferiogbotdhDeinsahouapitalitaLewishaurah ines tment. MAybe atiwd agaeor 2, aGreatol HoughtanderShope, Deartom'-comors;bridge oft the Kinoclm nd eelinowli,Hats.LagTwal eoflmdnifiellntga UR. PAICE will SELL by AUCTIOR, Ratnth capsitgallNAVtOAKtI-Moldin MtrEEs,fWithateire-loptp and bossark, jo ollm,40pimeias, 300foak sailings, and 27rn larche l sad f3eLds ndrw andlSONg andem avudfrdcl-woot Iinsfrctropaso o JlansL nea Anigtsbidg and ine Noremh-swoodWEehingelda Apri. A lat2rge lropatis, ofl this valuable tUimberis MrAT- EmRIcAbLS Forixturs sueiorgqality&, extrordinar lnth, andrshipful Itostandso unrivaleds finrhsae timber-growingand13 dsturict, bandd witllgv toimberchanM0tos,si curin thechoiest escrptionof etherkind eFul patiulrs. maynsbet bad n aplictio to r. ate autio eerls. Basngatmoklins. tn hold Dwelling-huses and Shopd J. J.ROERSGIllSLL byfaoue AUCthO antrthetn TITIO Dove Castle Inn, Broadway. Dtordon 21 t infr I(radaAri17 vi2 or3,dinl oforlt bypdivttretionofthe TruStEefoth fanmd G ofDthe lftate Mr. akonnd d exsgraud, TWO aleASEHOLDE DWEI S G.pl HOTLSESwithN'Thre dhos, musedb Motpesier-ofale. Bcheathlets onm eileasetuat Ll ea, and hedi aomtoa-veryelow ground en,in thuae. occpa tion oestimtio.i whuchtisgam paoeryne,anld Wtenharade, anrepetabe avear;reelsld Hom and Sop, ner to epter-bidgeo let to4 dayprcedngthesae (unay xcpte).Pato elarsofthatRsuoc Grenwih; arrways;at he lac ofsae; nd ofe Mr.eris,s auc- ticulars then obtained on the premises ; at thieTurk's Head Inn, 'Old Kent-road ; at the Salmon andl EABalethaal-green-road; and at the - autioneers offies, 151, New Oxford-street, corner of Totteaham.cmetroad. This Evening, at 6 to) the mlinute.-Excelient modemn Household Fur- niture, Pianofortes, and General Effects, removed from BaviWatr- ESR.JO.NES and BOINHA3I Will SELL by AUTIN, at their great Rtooms, 11 and 12. Loicester-stret THIS EVJEEIN G, at 6, exeellent HIOUSEHOLDa UtITRa EFFECTS, viz, :-Arabiau, four-post, French. tent, press, and iron bedste5-rds, hair and' wool mattresses goose feather beds and boedding, wardrobes, chests of drawers, washstands and dressing tables, leo.- ,pemrbroke. card, occasional, and teleelcope-fr-ame dining tables sets of chairs, sofas, couches, and easy chairs carpets, glasses, curtaina,cheffo. niers together writh bed chamber and idthebearequisites in abundance To-morrow, at the same hour, a Collection of highly speculative Pictures The wh,ole on view, nd cataloguesto behade.at te roms, No. 60, St. Pauls churchyard.-A. magnificent Collection of hIgh-claw Ancient and Modem Pictures, of the various Schools, AUJR. BARNIS wil SELL bv AUCTION, as above- onJ Friday, April131, ancl following cly, at 1 -precisely. an ASSE3CB3LAGE of capital PICTURIES, including a riew in Holland. Van Str; adu spcien,Tebur; aSuny anscae,Cayp; The Flght mewtbAnmprtn Colbecin of tancientad Rode iturs Regent Gellery, 71. Quadrant, Regent-street. 11F.GARCIA will SELL by AU CTION, as 3above, .LVLT-o-morrow Friday, April 11, and following day. at I p,reciselyI - -vrery dune COU16 of CA73INET and GALLERY PIOTURs. colectd b awel-Imwn onoiseurdurngmany years' residenoe abrea; amng wich ill e frnd sme vry de sp-cimens by the- Rembrandt Bcrghem Miens Woollett Vandyke Iuradast ouverman Linton,&c.
