DEATHS. On-Wednesday. the 23dinst, at a Lower Grosvenor.atreet. Caroline Elizabeth Mar. Dowager Lady Wharocliffe, and widow of the fart Lord Wharmclife, aged I& On the 5th of Febrwary, 155, at Melbonrue, Australia, after a long and painful Illness, home with Christian resignation and patience, Lucy Anne, the beloved wife of James Denham Pinnock Rsq, Registrar of tbe Supreme Court of the Colony of Victoria, aged 3Q. Oa the 21st ult., at Torquay, suddenly, after a long ilisess, of cbronie bronchitis, Clara, the beloved wife of Samuel Parker, Esq., late of Park Lodge, Cheltenham, On the 19th inst.. at the Vicarage. Walsgrave-on-Sowvc Warwickshire, the Rter. F. D. Perkins, age 6S, 38 years Vicar of that parish. Rector of Swayfield, Lincolnshire, Vicar of Down Hatherleigh, Glcestershie, and Chaplain in Ordinary to Her Majesty. On the 22d inst., suddenly, Thomas Cockeril, Req., of Richmond, Surrey. On the 23d inst.. atSt James!s-place, Hmstead-rOad. May Ann Cooke. sister to the Rev. DanL Cooke, incumbentaof Trinity Chaurch, Brompton. Kent. On the 25th inst., at Woodlands, near Ipawich. after a few hours' illness. Regiuuld Claude, the infant son ofP. F. 0 Halley, ESq. Oa-Friday. the '5th inst, at Kimpto Yucarage, Herts, Brly Anne, wife of the Rev. Frederick Sullivtan On the 25th itst., at Hammersmith, after a painful illnes, Mrs. Mary Tapp, aged 75 years. OnTriday, the 25th inst., at Dorldig, Surrey, in the 88th year of her age, Rebecca, relct of the late Thomas Hart, ESq. Oa the 25th inst. Edward Leigh, the beloved and affectionate son of Henryand Sarah Lovibond, of the Cannon Brewery, Chelsea, inxb 14th year. On the 25th inst, at Upper South-street, Gosport, John Mortimer, Erq.,M.D., retat. 4, Inspectorof Hospitals and Fleets, and late Surgeon of the Royal Naval Hospital at Haslar. On the 26th inst.. at 2, Lansdown-tev-ace, Notting-hill, the infant son of George L. Ullathoene, Esq., aged 19 days. On the 26th inst.. at his residence, Park-street, GrosTenor-square, Henry Hulbert, Req., in the 80th Year of his age. On the 26th inst., at 23, Wilton-place, Belgrave-square, Mr. John _Se31, aged 47 years. On.the 26th itst., of consumption, 3farlian, Wife of Mr. Henry Ching of Park-hill, Clapham. aged 27. On the 26th inst.. Robert Tidswell, Req.. of Seymour House, Denmark-hill, Caruberwell, in the 46th year of his age. Oa-Saturday. the 26th inst, at 23, Westbounne-place, Eaten-square Mary Caroline, youngest daughter of the late John Street, Req., of St Jrohn!s, Newfoundland Oa'the 26th inst.at 4,Clarendon Villa4, Notting-hill.Adrian Ratcliff the Youngest son of John Gardner, Req., C.3, aged 17 months. On'the 26th Inst. at the residence of her soa-in-law, Charles Pugh, Req . Marlborough-place, St. John's.wood, Mrs Elizabeth Smith, in the 94th year of her age. On Saturday. at Beresford-square. alter a long and paLafel ilnes, Frederick Allinson. ERq., late of Somersethouse, son of J. H. Allinson, E-q., surgeon, Woolwich. On the 26th inst.. at 2&, Manchester-terrace, Irngtoen, 1iss norton, aged 86. Oes'the 26th inst., at his residence, Norwood-lane, Dulwich, Isaae West-orland, REsq., of Lloyd's, aged I6. On the 26th inst. at her residence i Norfolk-street, Park-lane, aged 89. Aimelia Alice Jane, relict of the late IHoe. and Rev. John Dymoke, of SdLirelsoy Court Lincoolshire. On 'he 26th inst.. at 9, Trafalgar-place eat, Eackney-road, Edward Topl£s, Rzq., in the 75th year of his age. much beloved and deeply rogretted by an affectioeate vwife and by all who knew him, retaining his mental famulties to his last moments. On-the 2Tth inst., at Loakes-hill, near HighWycombe, the Hon. AMr Crewe. On ihe 27th in3t. at St Leonsrd', Herbert Stephed, aged two years and three months, only soa of C. Rippingali, REq., of the Manor Cottage, Langham, Norfolk, On Sunday. the 27th inst., at Wembridge, Surrey, Susan third daughter of Heary Cory, ESq., of the Middle Temple, On-the 27thbnst. at 14 ,Hlton-reet, Islegton, Emma, the wife of B. B. Williams, Req. On the 27th inst. 3r. John Tllyard, of Hammersmith and cincon'rs tnn-fields, in the 65th year of his age, after a long and painfal illness, hornm with Christian fortitude, leaving a family and large circle of friends to lament his loss, His end was peace. On the 23th inst, at & StoreY's-gate, Westminster, Louis Furse, the S-unkest child of John Alexander and Fanny Johnson Radcblffe.
tONNY-3fARKEian4l CITYINTELLIBENOB. _- I Monawfa Evsnrng . The Elnglish ftunds opened this morning at the 1tic of Saturday, and UpoIn a renewal of sales ex7petienced.a further-deeline of nearlya-half percent.,. making a total-fall of onie and a-quarter per cent. xin6e this day week. Consols for money were first; -qoted 92M, whence they recede& to 91 to 92, from -;rich there was no recovery up to the official close. -For the 8th of May the last regular price was 92 to 1, 'but 'trnsactifns subiequently took place at-221 to J. Anticipations of' a newlr loan still con.stituted. the chief, cause' of,, the -do*nwaid ;4ovement,, ',but au adverse' iiIlfu'ence iva5 atso c exercised' by, prevailing doubts 'as to the, position -of the Governnient and thle possibility- of a dissolution of, Parliament being resolved upon. -The ight increease of lirni3ess after official iou'rs was atttibuted to the prospect of this contingency havfng been dimished by the result of the nietuin called to-day by Lord 'alnierston. BankStock leftoffat '211to 212; -Reduced, 90K- to J ; New Three per bents., 9I to'i; Annuities, 30 vears, 17 1-16; l ndia Stock, 22G to 228; India-boinds, IOs.' to 5S. discount; and :Erchequer-bonds, 9St., In the pre-ent state of the money-market there is. an almost *total absence of demand for Exchequer-bills, -and the quotations are merely nominal. The Mlarch descriptions are at 3s. discount to Is. premiuin, and the June 5e. to 2s. discount In the foreign stock-market the chief decline was in Turkish Six per Cents., the transactions in which .-.ere at 9G, 9-, and 96j for money, and 96k, i, ifor the 15th of May. The Guaranteed Four per C-ents. were also lower, and were-negotiated at 0LQi. and 100g. The other operations comprisedf-Buenos - .4Ayres, 61I; Mexican., 21P, kX 4 >;; Sardinian, 9D ana flh4; Spanish, and 44X; the Deferred, 23k, i; D Four per Cents., 93 and 93k;' and Ecuador Peruvian, 59.. . The- corn-market was firm this morning, and in -ome instances an advance of is. was obtained. - The final quotations of the French Three per :-Cente. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 7S£. 0c. for money, and 73f. 65c. for the end of The month, showing a decline of a half per cent. The Paris letters continue to express great confidence in the state of the money-market. The exchange on London is still very firm. From Ham:burg it is mentioned that some further amounti of silver had been shipped to London, and that the pressure for money was heavy at 6$. Australian advices received zid Singapore to the 37th of February state the following vessels to have uiledfor England :-The FantOme, with8 000 ounces of gold, on the 5th of February; the Indemnity, with 7,367 ounces, on the 7th; the Sultuana, with 13,026 ounces, on the 12th; and the Stebonheath, with 61,957 ounces, on the 16th; making a total value of 361,4001., -in addition to 'the 300,0001. rnentioned on Saturday as baving been-shipped in the Albatros, the Thames, and theStatesman. The commercial advices by the Overland Mlail to-day are again, on the whole, satisfactory. At Bombay the market for manufactured goods has been steady, and but for the firmness of holders an extensive business would have been transacted. At - Calcutta operations continue on a satisfactoiy scale, and in China there has been a furtheradvance. The rates of exchange at Canton and Shanghai have experienced a decline calculated to check the .shipments of silver from this side, the quotation having dropped from 5s. 0Nd., at Canton, to 4s. Ild., and fromT s. 7d. at Shanghai to 6s. 4d. - Mr. Aspinall, of the firm of Aspinall, Mackenzie, and Co., whose failure in Shanghai for 150,0001. was -announced about three months back, is stated to have absconded. Re sailed on the 8th of bMarch in the Formosa, it was supposed, for England, and the steamer Confucius was sent next day in pursuit of him to Hongkong. M1r. Robertson, the British Consul, is said to have been warned bythe creditors that the flight was meditated, but he appears to have taenno steps to prevent it. The debts of the firm are principally to Chinese dealers, who have hitherto placed great faith in English houses. Some more banldng disclosures, perfectly harmonious in their degree with thoseof Strahan, Paul, 'and Co., the Aberdeen Bank, the Tipperary JointStock Bank, the Westminster Improvement Commnission, and the other cases of the kind by which the past two years have been distinguished, have 3u'st been furnishedduring an examination in the Birmingham Bankruptcy Court of the surviving partner ofthe Lichfield Bank, which suspended at thie com: mencement of the present year. The establishment was in thte name of Messrs. Palmer and Greene, and it enjoyedthe privilege of issuing notes tothe amount -of 22,7861. Mr. Pamer died in 1850, and the Bank had since been conducted by Mr. Greene. Iniiis examina'ion Mr. Greene admitted that the firm had -been carried on with a gradually increasingdeficit for about 30 years. His partner MIr. Palmner at his death owed the concern 45,7871., and an estimate of its position at that time showed a deficiency of f,5701. Nevertheless the basiness was kept up as sual, and would not have been distur'oed at last but forthediscretionof Messrs. Smith, Payne, andSmiths who refused to make advances. From 1850 to ihe Slst of December, 1855, MJr. Greene maintained his personal expenditure at the rate of 2,0501. a-yearan attempted reduction having been discontinued lest it shouId excite suspicion, and thus put a stop to the power of expenditure altogether. Here was a deliberate system of living on property held in trust; yetthe law providesno-penalty for it. In the same way, the parties to the delinquencies of John Sadleir in the Tipperary Bank are likely to avoid adl inconvenience. In the case of the Westmister Improvement Commission and the Aberdeen Bank the creditors are openly defied, and the same system prevails in a multitude of minor instances that daily occur. - Under these circumstances the conclusion must be, either that Sir John Paul was a martuyr, or that the scope of the criminal law should be greatly extended. The accounts of- the trade of the manufacturing towns during the past week give no signs of inconvenience being experienced from the continued pressure for money. At Manchester the markets have been firm and healthy, at an advance corresponding with the rise in cotton. At Birmingham the iron trade is steady, and, although the American orders are still below the general anticipation, confidence is felt as to the summer demand. .The Nottingham advices state that both hosiery and lace are 13rgely purchased at full prices'. In the woollen disictS the orders are equal to the supply, and in - the Irish linen-markets there has been a further improvement. - The Board of Trade returns for the month ending the 31st of MIarch were issued this morning, but owing to the circumstance that- the period of 1855 with whichthey are contrasted comprises only from the 6th to the 31st of MIarch, they do not afford the ordny means of comparison. The new systemof mnaking up the returns to the end, instead of to the 5th of each month, caine at that time into operation, and henceforth the dates of the tables wvill again eaca month correspond with those of the preceding year. In the present retur our eoports are shown to have amounted to 9,448,5701. against ,31,3051. during 26 days of March, 1855 ; and, if allowance be made for five days wanting, the latter total will be raisedi to 8,717,3251. The actual increase on' the corresponding month of last year may therefore be estimated at 731,2451. The- subjoined abstract shows the exact totals under each head for the 26 days of March, 1855, and the whole of March, 1856:- 7ip iinspectora of the etate of xe3w, IX ^1e, Janvrin, and De Lisle have to-iday declared another dividend of Is. 6d. in the pound,to be 'paid' 6n the 5th of May. The dividends previously paid have amounted to lOs. The Bank of Egypt'have appointed Mr. Robert *0iggles, late of the tirm of Leach, Diggies, and Co., of Calcntta, their Londox manager. tA communication from the solicitors of Hansor's Olefiant. Gas Company states that the questions 'regaiding their own and rival patents are. about to be submitted by the company for the highest scientific and legal opinions, aud that these will shortly be published. t to NThe following"rlates to the suggestion stated to have been ptt .forward for a return. of the' amount :paid oit the shares of the London and Paris Bank:I: Lndon and Tarts Joint-Stock Bank,; : . "4. Princes-street, Mansion-house,.April 28. 'fl Sir,-As the paragraph in. the city article of Die Ttin-cs of this day is, if uncontradicted, .alculated to mi3lead the sbareholders of the London and Paris Joint-Stock Banls I have:to state that no suggestion nor .pplicatinn wvhatever has been made to the directors or to. myself from any sbareholder as to winding up. the company; and that, on the contrary, the directorshave every confidence in the suundness and succegs of the undertaLkng. "The formalities nece-sary to obtaining the charter of incorporation have been fulfilled, I believe, in loss tiuim than in the case of siUilar institutions, and the directors can confidently asserS that it will be granted in as sEort a tieriod as the usual governnent requirements will nAdmit. ' "-Insuediately after the receipt of the charter the directors wfill be prepared to submit th3eir Pais organization. " I am, Slr, your most obedient servant, "''3. XGHT, General Manager." In the nnexed letter Mr. Francis Fuller proposes a. plan for the health and cleanliness of London:- " Sir,-One of. the provisions in the Metropolitan Local Marnagement Act compels owners of house property to provid water to every house, not onily for domestic, but also for leansing purposes, and, unless some more' efflcient and cheap mode be adopted than by the present water supply, snere of haouse property willfiad the supply of water for: Icleansing rurposes a} very seriouw and expealive question. - "4It wrould appear, therefore, that one of the, first wvorks thatthe Board of Wforks has to do is to provide London with wzter not merely for drinking and cooli and other domestic purposes, because the.present watercompanis can orought to do that, but water for cleasing and watering the streets, and al those other purposes for which the act under which the board is cons tiated makes water supplynecessary. "Thepresentwater companies cannot arcomplish this, because water carefully filtered and prepared for drinking is too costly to be used in large quantities for cleansing. I therefore propose that pure sea water should be brought to London and ased where necessary forclena purposes; and if the Board of Works have too much on and to acconplish this, i win undertake to find responsible men who would construct a canal on the north side of the Thames by which pure sea water shall, at each tide, be received into reservoirs at a sufficient elevation aboveLondon to supply every house in the metropos, sad in such quantity that every street, court, and aley could be *ashed each day with it. "The parks might have lakes of seaw ateras well as fresh. The Zoological Gardens might'have sea water for such of its inhabitants as required it. Fountains of salt water might be placed at pleasure throughout the metropolis. The baths -and washhouses could be supplied with it, andthe celebrated Chainag-cross fountains might then send forth pare and refreshing sea water instead of hot water from the baths and ashhouses as at presen~t; and by pipes under the Thames, the south side of London might be supplied as weU as the north. "The whole of this work can be accomplished and paid for by a rate of one penny in the pound on the property in the metropolis, and MWater direct from the sea may flow throughout London within 18 months after Parliament shall pass an act giving powers to a compasy to levy such a rate, and take the necessary lands undei the usual powers. "Several parishes are at present in great didleulty to carry out the sanitary provisions of the MKetropolit,an Local Management A ct for wrant of water supply. To carry out that act an almost unlimited supply of wrater must be had, and wrhere can it be had better than from the sea ? T am, Sir, yours obediently, " FRANCIS FIuIr.x. "Abingdon-street, Westminster." The following gives a melancholy account of the approaching wind-up of the largest, and at one time the most proniising, of the Australian gold-mining undertaliings. The company started, in 1852, with a nominal capital of 500,OOOM., and a charter of incorporation, with limited liability, granted by the Government wshile they wvere discountenancing almost every application for similar privileges Ui connexion with home enterprises-. " The Colonial Gold Company have received advices by the Beemah and the overland mall from their superintendent in Australia, dated to the 16th of Febrnary last. "In Victoria the eale of the company's property at Sandhurst had taken place, and the whole of the land, buildings, and machinery, with the exception of the large engine and boiler, had been sold. For the sale of these 1Mr. Spence was in treaty at a price which would. cover their original cost and the charges for transport. Mr. Spence reached Sandhurst on the 30th of January, after the sale, and has relieved Mr. Comer of all daties. Inregard to the eale Mr. Spence remarks, ' The prices obtained are miserably poor, compared with those we antieipated some time since - yet considering the general depreciation of property they are fair enoarh ' "M 3ir. Spence writes as follows of the operations in New South Wales:-' It is now so evident tc me that our operations in New South Wales cannot be profitable, and that it would be imprudent, in the present state of our finances to engage in any new erterprise, that I shall at once adopt the prelimmary measure for cIosing our concerns in that colony.' " There has been a sHght improvement in the yield from the quartz at Louisa Creek, taken from that part of the lode where it suddenly dips below the surface towards the south. I have directed them to proceed with the work on that spot, and we shall thus prove the last place where there is a chance in our favour before it be possible for us to close our operations. The machinery is taken down at Tami. baroora, and stowed ready for transport, and we shall proceed with the sale of the buildings and such articles as will not bear the cost of conveyanee."
COLOSSAL BUST OF Tx' Quazs.-After repeated sittingS, withwhich HerMajesty has been graeiously pleased to honour the artist, Mr. Noble, of Brmton-street, has succeeded in modelling the colossal bust. of Her Ma' jesty which -is about to be- placed in the -Town-hall at Manchester. Thebustveryhappily,unitesthe feminine expression of the original features with the dignty of Royalty, andisa very perfect pcortrait. The di cultyof preserving ina colossal bust of a fernse head identity without exraggeration - has been surmaounted, and, though the bust~isof very large diensions, the relative proportions having been suecessfally attended to, the portrait has adl the delicacy of amnitore. The treatment of the hair and the disdem, wvhich latter is tken from a diademnof the ancient Saxon shape an character in osession of Her ajesty, and the fashion of the dress wich is Saxon, give an air of orijinalityto thebust which ispleain. | Suosm'Drcov y Or oF o OSCm- -On Sunday inforiation is received at the chief policeH office, Scotland-yard, that the body of Foschini, the Itilan had been discovered-in-the River Thames; Notice of the circumstance was at once sent to Vine-street,to the iripector who has the ase in handi and the latter proceeded with some persons who were weU acquainted wi&Poichix to the place whither the body had been conveyed. Theythe found the body of sman agreeinzin eeierpsticularwitb the description givenof Foschmni-tecothes beinoapparently identical with those worn by lhim tJe night of the terible occurrence, and the thin beard and moustaches COpond ing. The only difficulty that aroe was the ideutiflc tion of the features, the head haTing swollen to nearlydouble the natural size. It was, however, ascertained iea y that the bodj is,not the body of Foachini, as was a hr suppOsed thougrh itPbears a ver ne Man - 5r5t-PCL-%;;Smnn DAY, Monday, April 28.-AdmiFsions on payment, '2,f9; ditto by baog tike, N0; total vitors Z;29.
. PALIAMBNTARY INTLZGaENOB@ . -a HOUSE OF LORDS, MoNDi; AnPn 28.' The House met at 5 o'clock. Lord REDESDALE presented a petition from a place in Glocestershire against the abolition of church.rates without a proper equivaleit. Iord BERNERS presented petitions against the abolition of church-rates withbut an efrectual equivalent from the incumbents, parish officers, and inhabitants of' Cud)vorth, in the deanery of- Crewkerne: from White Lackingtonu Crewkerne, Bartington,'Chillington, Lonen, Hardingtdn. M andeville, Peridomer,' Wishahm, S6uth tetherton, Chard, ]Mersiott,. and'Wayf6rd' also, numerburly signed, from inhabitants of the rural deanery of Langar, against the unqualified abolition of church-rates, especially against the substitution of pew-rents. Petitions were presented by the Earl of SSAFTKsnluay. against the opening of the Crystal Palace on the Lords'day, from Hillygarven, county of Donegal; }ilbride, Isle of Anan, county of Bste; Wadhuist; Gayton, Northamp. tonshire ;Ballygar, county of Gaiwy; Michsslston-y-bedw, Newp6rt, Mohnouthshire; Baptist Chape, Westbronwich; Ardsley, near Barnsleg, Yorkshire; also, a petitign fro women of Glasgow, for more liberal legislatiunrespecting the property of women. Lord REDESDALE said, had given. notice thiat he should present a petition from certain members -of the convocation of the,province of York, praying that, before their lordships proceeded with the Church DisciplineBih, or any measureaffecting the clergy, the same might be submitted to the 'clergy of the province of York; but he regretted that the illness of the Archbishop of York rendered it necessary for him to decline Presenting the petition at'the present moment, but he would take an early opportun4,ty to present it to their lordships * THE MARRIAGE LA4W. Lord BROUGHAX reminded their lordships thata few wieeks ago he presented a petition from Magistrates, bankers, andothers of the cowuty of Cumberland, complaining of 'the conflicting state of the law, as between Scotland and England, in regard to marriages. - The country was already under great obligations to those worthy'and honourable men for the support which thev gave to one of the greatest pracUticl improvements in criminal law procedure--he meant the 'law of summary jurisdiction; and he was in hopes that they migiht owe to them also another improvement in their jurisdicton-namely, in the marriage law so far as it was conflicting between the two countries of Scotland and Eng-land. In 183;t he, at a late perid of the session, presented a bill on the subjeet to remove the greatgf.evance which had been so long complained of,s but it-was not carried, although th8.-e was a general concurrence of ooinion in its favour, above all in Scotland. - It waXs not till i° years afterwrardsnanely, in 1845-that he agaim presented a measure on the same subject. It was one of the nine bills which he in that year introduced for the amendment of the law. Five of those bills, he was happy to say, had since been passed, including that grand improvement of the law by whlch parties in all civil suits (with the exception of one particular dais of cases) were aldowed to be examined as witnesses. The other four had not yet received the sanction of the Legislature, among which was this 3Lrriage Bill, and which he considered to be the most inportant of the four. He considered that now was a fitting time for once more pressing the measure upon the attention of their lordships. He was quite asware that it might be said that there were other amendments equally required in the marriage law; but, as at present advised, he was content to postpone those other amendments, and to rest satisfied in endeavouring to remove the conflict of the law in the two countries. There were two objects which he sought to effect by this measure -first, to prevent the evasion of the Eimglish marriage law by parties removing across th'e Scotch border, and there don- ' tracting a marriage according to the law of Scotland.' It was a very great defect in Lord Eardwicke's Act that he did' not require altogether the consent of the parents and guardians to constitute a legal marri'age in England. It was another defect that he did not extend his law to Scotland; rnd it was a. further defect tnat he did not provide against the evasion of the statute by the parties removing to Scot- land. That evasion was one which. in every respect was to' be disapproved and deprecated. No doubt it was another defect in allowing marriages to be valid by a mere publication of banns. In smail towns and country vilages such publication might be effectual, but in large towns and cities, where 100 or 150 banns were published in one church of a Sunday,the law was a mere dead letter. The present bill consisted of two parts. By the first it was enacted that if Scotland were not the birth-place or domicile of the parties, three weeks' residence in that country should be acondition precedent to the validity of the marriage. With regard to the second part of the bill, it was his opinion that it was absolutely necessary to do away with the stato of things which at present existed by giving, under certin circumstances, validity to divorces obtainedc in the Scotch courts, in eases when the marriage had been celebrated in .England. He proposed, therefore, by the present bill to enact that' persons, after a residence of 12 months in Scotland, might obtin a divorce in the Scotch court which would be valid in' England. The present state of the law was most anomalous, nan he entertained a strong opinion that it required change. If a person were declared legitimate in the country of his birth he ought to be looked upon as legitimate all over the world, and the billv which he now proposed would go far towards producing that result. The noble and learned lord concluded by moving the first reading of the bilL The Earl of MINTO trusted that, during the progress of the bill, the propriety of extending the operation to both. sides of the border would be taken into consideration, and of modifying the law of marriage in Scotland, so as to have -some more distinct evidence than at present as to whether the contract existed or not. The bill was read a first time. THE TREATY OF PEACE. The Earl of CLARENDON laid on the table a copy of the treaty of peace recently concluded, the ratifications of which arrived yesterday. Attached to the treaty there were three separate conventions, and also a declaration respecting the maritime law and the course to be pursued with respect to neutrals during a time of war. Lord BROUGHAMI-To put an end to privateering? The Earl of CLARENDON replied in the affirmative. (HIear, hear.) He likewise laid on the table copies of all the protocols of the sittings of the Congress; and he now had only further to move that the treaty be taken into consideration next Monday. STEAM COMMUNICATION WITH IRELAND. lord DJNGANNON caled the attention of the Hou.e to the expediency of accelerating the communication by steam-packets with Ireland; and inquired of the Government whether there was any prospect of steasers of great power being employed during the summer torun between Holyhead and Kingstown? He also desid to know whether t was the intention of the Government to establish a mailsteamer between Port Patrick and Donaghadee ? The Duke of ARGYLL said that the subjeet had been a considerable time under the consideration of the Government. No distinct arrangement had yet been concluded with the various companies for the acceleration of the Irish mails, but the Government departments principally concerned with the matter had agreed on the conditions necessary to be laid down for a more efficient service; and though he was not able to assure the House that thev would be carmred into effect in the course of next summer, yet he had great hop that such would be the case. At all events, no time would be lost. One of the conditions was, that the passage between theLondon terminus and the Dublin ter-' minus should not exceed U hours in time. The Earl of WICKLOW expressed his satisfaction at the noble duke's statement, and urged the necessity of every attention being paid to the accommodation of passengers. Be also reminded the noble duke that when the present svstem was established by Sir R. Peel a large and inBluential'meeting was held, at which there was a unanimous expression of opinion that one comnmunication only ought to be assisted by the Government, and all the others given up. TheEarlof CAWDOR protestedagainstanysuch arrangement as that to which the noble earl had just referred, and' hoped that in any future arrangements a proper communication with Wales would be established. The Earl of GALLOWAY held that, in arrangements of this nature, provincial considerations ought not to prevail contrary to the interests of the country at large. 'The Earl of CLANCARTY urged the importance of giving every possible facility' to passenger and other traffic betwen this country and Ireland. The iarl of EGLIl'O1JN said that two communications had, in fact, existed between the two countries since the establishment of the present system. . The Bishop of CASHEL objected to any arrangement by which only one communication would be established, and called attention to the necessity of a-comynunication with Waterford and the south of Ireland. The Duke of ARGYLL said, it would be necessary that the arangements - should be under the control of one responsible authority.' ' - Viscount DRNGANNON was of opinion that, considering the immense traffic betwreen England and the sister country, the Government ought to take into' its serious deliberation the best means of facilitating the communication between the two countries. AiUSTRIAN OCCUPATION IN ITALY. Lord CLAPrENDON.-My noble and learned friend (Lord Lyndhurst) has given notice of a resolution with respect to the occupation of a portion of Italy by the Austrian troops and I take theliberty of asldng himn to postpone his motion for the present. I need hardly say that I do so on' publisgrounds alone, but if he consents, I think he will be more likelY to promote those interests which he as well as mysel' has at heart. 0Lord LY.NDHlMST.-After the appeal which my noble friend has made to me, I will not proceed with the motion npon vhich I have given notice at present. BUt I beg leave to add that I shall obierve with considerable anxiety the course which is intended to be pusued to put an end tothe intolerable grievances and- misgovernmenS under wlich thepeople of Italy have been so long suffering., EXCHUEQUER.BILL (2l,182,700l) BILL. This bill was'read a third time and passed. Their lordships then adjourned.'
HOUSE OF COM3EONS, MONDAY, A-nm 28. The SPEAzR took the c1arat 4 eo'clock. PRIVATE BMIS.' The foUoming private bills 'were read the third time and ,assed.-Edinbnr ' Minicipality, Filey Water' Ulster rlway, Wakefi dGas, and West Ham Gas. PEd TfOfS. Ptitons wecre prereuted by Mr. T ouxAeI, from Wyblihibufiy, Aiginat the abolition of cherch-rate - by Mr. Doaeaor, from-the Free Sytod of Gleneg, for t0e withdrawal of tbe Mayiooth Endowment; by Mr. Cxioog, from the board of guardians of the Bolton Union, against certain clauses of the Scotch and Irishr Pauper Removal Bill - by Mr. X;R, from the Presbytery of Connaught, from Sligo, -Dromore' West, Furlough, and Loughaghey. praying thie Housee to extend to Trlaxnd the Scotch act, probibiting the, sale of spirits on the Lord's-day; by .Mr -BArZsoi., from .Magherafelt, county Derry, praying that the salaries of medical, officers and sehoolSiasters attached to workhouses in Ireland may be charged as in 1eglaJd, on the consolidated fhnd ; by. Mr. BuTLER, from the directors of the Monarchl Asuranoe Company of London, praying the House to repeil the duty on o; assurance; ahsofront the worshipful Company o Farriers, aganst the London Corporation Bill; by Colonel ADAm, from the .town commiasioncrs of Ballymene, for amendment of Towns' Improvement Act; by Mr CRAIFUnD, from practitioners of modicine in Haimilton and Glasgow, in favonr of-Medical Profession Bill; by 3r. L n, from justices of the peace at Axminster, infavour of the Semmary Jursdiction Bill * from Admiral Donald Campbell, of Barbrck, praying-that entailed proprietors in possession may disentaiE their ands, nmking suitable proision for the interest. of successive heirs. ana also making- more suitable proision for 4heir younger children; by Mr.l. PBILLtmoRE, from the deaneries of Sharton, Dorsetshire ; of Waiton, Yorkshire ; of 'Uttoxeter, Staffordshire, against the present moode of assessing rthO e; b, Sir B. PERRY, from the board of guardians for East; Stonehouse, against the Scotch and Irish Poor Removal Bill; and from St. Helen's, Runcorn, for stuendment of the law of pr rty with re c to maTied women -by Mr. AL&'cxi, froni the Synod os aallw, against the parochial- schools bill for Scotland; by Mr. MA'DnPaD, from the guardians of the poor of the Sheffield Union, praying for several alterations inthe Vaccinatfon Bill- also, from thelReforrn Presby-terian Church, Newtownaxrds, Ieland (not receiving lsay from the State); from the- congregation of the Baptist chapel, Rotherham, and from the inhabitants of Thornbury agamst grants to Maynooth, the Begium Don*in, ministers' money, and all other State eclesiastical endowments in Ireland, and for the repeal of all laws wherebv temporal provion -is - made for religious tching or worship there ty Mr. Psr3s, from the dealers and consumers of hay -and straw in the metropolis, prayimg for an investigation into the gross frauds in the hay trade ;: by hIr. HODrEY, from the Poor-law Guardians of. -the lUnion of Ashton-under-Lyne against the Irish and Scotch Poor Remnoval Bill, and another, from the same .persons against some portions of the Vaccination Bill- by Mr. BRoc Rur, from the inhabitamts of Elbam and Lninge, in Kent, against all public grants for any religious teaching or woorship in Ireland; by Mr. MIALL, from the Guirdians of the Poor of the Rochdide Union against the Poor Removal Bill and the Poor Relief Bill; also for certain alterations in the Vaccination Bill; from Eraintree and Bocking, and from the Independents of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, for the discontinuance of religious endowments i Ireland; by Captain LI VsRNOoy, fromthe'artisans of Hler Majesty's Dockyard at Chatbam, praying to be superannuated in the same ratio as the inland offlicers; by Mr. FOLEY, from the Board of Guardians of the iugs Norton Union against any increase of fees for public vaccination; by Mr. TsrOsaaELY fromWVolvecbamptonBoardofGuardiausagainst alteration of lawre zgarding removal of Irish paupers; by Blr. COWVAN-, from the Free Synod of L,othian and Tweedale, praying the House not to repeal the Act of Parliament known as Forbes Idc enzje's ct, and to provide for its being thoroughly carried into operatin in every locality for the reduction of the number of publichouses, and the removal of eaisting temptatons to drunkenness; from the Kirlk Session of Free St. Luke's Church, Edinburgh (21, in favour of the two education bills (Scotland), introduced by: the Lord-Advocate; by Sir G. STRsIscCRL i, from Preston, for arbitzation respecting the fencing of mill machinery; by Viscount EamLY2, from Nash osirn and LampheyinPembrokeshire, against the abolition of church-rates; by Lord E:snnzGToN, from the Board of Health at Ilfracombe, praying for powers to enable them to supply with water as well as drain the town; andfrom Carons and tinplate workers for opening the British Mfuseum on Sunday; by Sir C. IE0sso, from Penzanme, in favour of the Oath of Abjuration Bill; by Mr. L. Gowmi, for 3Mr. J1. LBRicardo, from Longton, Staffordshire, for the repeal of the duty on Se assurance; and by Mr. Alderman CsrAr.ais, from the committee of the Protestant Society, for the protection of religious liberty, for the insmediate total and unconditional abolition of church-rtes; ilso from the inhabitants of the rds of Cpplegate Within and Without in the city of London, against the hill for the Better Regulation of the Corporation of the city of London. REFRESHEINTS AT THE NAVAL REVIEW. lMr. PEACOCKE asked, whether the wine and refreshments furnished to the persons on board the Pacific at the late naval review were contracted for and provided at the same rate as those for the Transit and Perseverance, or for the other vessels which were engaged in carrying the officials connected with the Goverument on that day? Mlr. OSBORNE said, that the refreshments for the Pacific vrez contracted for by that excellent public servant. Mr. Quartermaine, of Greenwich, at 7s. Od. per head; and he beeved that a very satisfactory collation had been provided. In the case of the Transit and the Perseverance no particular contract had been entered into; but the stewards of those vessels had been told to provide an excelent cold collation, and the best sherrynossible forthe Houses of Lords and Commons. (A laugh.) Xe believed that theyhad not been ery wrell provided. It was a mistake to suppose that the clerks of the Admiralty were on hoard the Pacific, they were indiscrimiatelydisersed over all the vessels. The ?rovisions for the Himalaya had been oontracted for at THE IRISH CONSTABULARY. Viscount CASTLEROSSE awked the Chief Secretary for Ireland, whether the Government intended to introduce any measure during thepresentsessionto enabletthem to alter the rdative pro:ortion in wrhich that portion of the constabulary force char'ed upon the Consolidated Fund wass at present distributed among counties in Ireland;* or to apportion the burden of supporting the supernumnerary force upon a more equitable principle than that which regulated the present systemw Mr. HORSM said, that the Govermnent had had this question underconsideration, and that they had come to th opinion that a. more equitable distribution than now existed might be made of the constabulary force in Ireland. It would require an act of Parliamaent, however, to carry out the chasnge, and at wa questionable whether in the present state of Irish business there would' be any chance of carrying such a measure as would be requisite. If other business should be sufficiently forward he intended to brig in a bill to effect the change proposed by his noble friend. THE PEACE. Lord PALERSTON laid upon the table by command of Her Mfajesty papers relating to the conferences recently held at Paris, and copies of the general treaty between Great Britain, Austria, France, Prussia, Russia, Sardinia, and Turk;ey, for the establishmmentof peace. The noble LORD, who was loudly cheered by hon. members on the Ministerial side of the house, said, that part of the papers which he had just presented consisted of a copy of the treaty of peace, the ratifications of which had been exchanged in Paris on the previous day, and it ws his intention to move that those papers should be taken into consideration on Monday next. THE ISLANDS OF TE DANUBE. Colonel FRENCII a-sked the First Lord of the Treasury whether the islands at the mouth of the Danube, which were not ceded with Bessarabia by the treaty of Bucharest in 1812, but seized by Russia in 1829 after the treaty of Adrianople, were now to be restored to Turkey 4 Lord PA.MEIISTON sfoid that he wouid inquire into the subject, and give an answer on an early day. DAY OF THANKSGIVING. Lord PALMERSTON.-I wish to mention that Her Majesty has appointed by an order in Council Sunday next as a day of thanksgiving for the return of the blessings of peace; and I beg to move that the Rev. Thomas Ganier, the Chaplain of this House, be desired to preach before the House at St. Margaret's, 'Westminster, on that day. - The motion was agreed to. WEHflU±qTIDE HaOLYDAYS. In answer to Lord J. MAe-Ms, Lord PALMERSTON isaid, he should propose that tile adjounent should be from Friday, the 9th of May, to Friday, the 16th. (Cries of "M Monday.") THE LEGION OF HOlOUR. Colonel NORTH was understood to ask when the Order of the Legion of Honour, which had been conferred upon British officers for their galantry in the Crimea would be gazetted? M-r. PEEL said, he could not state the precise date, but he believed that it would bo on an early day. WEDAIS FOR THE BURMESE AND CAFiE - WARS. In reply to Mr. BEL ,' Mr. F. PEEL said, every possible expedition would be used by the War Department in, going thrugh thienamnes Of Claimanlts, and transmitting medals to the officers and Eoldiers who served in the3gurmiese and Cate Wars. n sur. TnV.J&!5vjTej oe for th foloin reurs Ikr. LOCK sNG moved for the follom-n-g retTurn s, which were agreed to -Return of the sum total of all moneys paid orallottedyto drangtsmen by the several public dePartments during th year 5 fo r ttlin the draughts of Parliamentsryb b- l anlincasesuchdraughtsman is a member of or employedunder anycommission, tho name ofsuch draughtsman, and the amrountreceivedbyhinmi also, a return showing how the balance of 2,101L. 17s. Id., remaining in the Treasury on-the 26th of April, 1855, out of the sum of 7,550!. voted by the House of Commons for the Statute Law Commission, has been xpended; also, an account in detail1 of the expendituxre of the-sumn of 3,m£1! 4s voted by the House of Commons in 1855~, for the Statulte Iaw Commission ;and-a return of the names of the draughts, men employed TiO prepare Cowolidation Bills, and the feespaid to each draugiitsmen. - - THE -FALL OF KARS Itr. WHITESIDE rose to move the following resolution: ---That while thia Hoase feels it to be its duty to ex press its admiration of the galiantry of the Turdish soldiery and of the devotion of the British officers at the siege of ar, it feels-it to be equally SCduty to express its ousintion that the capitulation of that fortress and, the surrender- of the army which defended it, thereby endangerung the - safety of the Asiatic provinces of Turkey, were in a great meIsure owingtothewantoffore5iht and energy on the part-of H ger Majeate's- A-dmiult - '-H e aid,-! crave the- in4ln-a of the Houste Mouhile I endeavour 'to prove- thatthi e n' oigh t to be affi~med by its vetle I hae' slepder claims upon the njt ie of hion, gentlemen reeet Ontthe 9th of July Lord,Catdn recie' z.Jo es J*Uch fromn Lor& Stratford, sv4 an,. = & i n for mD h imiv tehi s; *th n,M,d g l~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~- i i t I A t 6 wM -ar-ui1 ard &edrod ie o } d inA Kiss 2osald *raliaved&. But where;, ed, were th auslie, IQ Co0ia.from orthe plans Of oeai%rwa a hb *J w~ ythereriploythe'aele ies of th t oops with 4ffictV? Wlb. TUoyr'nmeM w*ere c~iato h ~sin =ie1 oLonlake.Aliasndn*t state Of airs, wrhic311aa 'iniplyth iata fark a lute 0ec6aries were conoerned the army was deficiefit,Ihest that if they wera plentifully supplied in this repect Rarn could and wouldlold out t o the last. On the 9th of June General Willians iroteoto Lord Clareidoa a etter, 'eiery =tdoft whchh imiiport t. Itisa. followsn , , "i~~~~~~Yars; June 9; 18S;. " Lord,_O the d&y after I addresed Ptord .p f Wo I n6vdboyonou, Ireceived'from Colonel -ethe, con. irmation of the intention of the Russianss tattahkthir lc in great force. I also got a confidential mesoag'e frora e Bushir, proposing to abandon Xars and, defind Zraeroumr. Instantly wrote back to Colonel Lakei to beg theMushir to act with the utmost idgour, nd pressec 'onand reached Ears the day before yesterday; where I hate tsed every endearour to instil enegy into the mind of the Mnslir, and Ilikewise ahetainedfrou remonstrating with his Excellency on his strange propostion to,abandon a placee which wre had been at such trouble to provision and fortjfy^ Thnking, as I do, that he feels the wveight 'of the'fal step hie wras about to take, and is willing to act upon xmy sugges. *ions. - " With this impression I have been occupied all -day in tationing the troops intthe various batterie, in armingand supplying those batteries with ammunition, and in addressing to each regiment words of encouragement and hope. The enemy, in force about 30,000 men of all arms, accompa. tied by a traii and vast supplies necessary for a sieee, is *lthir four houm-of us, and will raost-probablyattac us tomorroir. - ;" I have advised the Mushir to write te -3fustafa Pasha, -of Batou3n,- for 500, to e directed on Ardahan, and to Veli Psshs of Tosirai-Kaleb to piepare for an instant march when-he shall have received orders for it. This is all Iean do iu ou~r isolated and negIected state, and I an haupy o say that ourga o appears in good spirits and promises mneto do its duty. ~ "-I bave, &-c. i1st is the letter of a gallant high-spirited Englishmarn, who, at the very moment when danger is rr.ost imminent, is hopeful himself and prepared to do his duty to the last. O hearin that the Miushir propcosed to abandon Kars and f7allback on Erzeroum, General Williams flies froin Erzerou:n to Ears, compels the MIushir to forego his inglorious purpose, inspires the army with new hope, and resolves to defend theplace intrepidly. This despatch, while it testifies to the heroism of General Williams's character, shows that that officer was convinced that there could be no greater zoistake than to retire from Ears, which was the key of Asia Binor, thie abandonment of which would make Russia as triumphant in war as she would be sure to be inl the diplomatic negotiations consequent on her victory. On the 30th of June Loid Stratford sends a despatch to lord Clarendon, in which, after giving an account of a meeting which took place that moraing at the Grand Vizier's house, on the Bosphorus, he observes:- * IIt was clear to all present that, whether the Russiang besieged or turned Ears, the Turkish army required an effort to be made for its relief with all practical despatch, and that of three possible modes of acting for that purpose the only one likely to prove effective was an expedition by Kutais into Georgia. To send reinforcements by Trebizonde would be at best a palliative. To establish an entrenched camp at Redout-Xileh would, at this unheidthy season, be equivalent to consigning the troops to destruction." He then goes on to explain the propositions made by the Turkish Ministers, which were in effect, " that an expeditionary force should be composed of 12,000 inen from Batoum and the neighbouring stations; of the troops made over to General Vivian, and es'i mated at 10,000 of all arms; of General Beatson's Ir. xegular Cavalry, of 10,000 men to be detached from -the army in Brlgaria as the complement of the Turkish Con-tingent; of 5,C4C0 more derived from the saume source; of an Egyptian regiment of horse now here, and of another regiment expected from Tunis. To these the Seraskier proposed to add 2,000 Albarians by way of riflemen. These several forces completed, according -to the figures, would present a total of 44,400 men, not perhaps to be reckoned with.prudence at more than 36,000 effectives." Upon the same day a despatch was received from Lord Stratford de Redcliffe,urging' upon the Government the propriety of attempting to save tars, and that despatch was accompanied by a memorandum drawn up by General IMansfield, entering into thedetails which it was necessary that the Government should be made acquainted wvith in order that they might be able to make the attempt. At that time it was proposed to employ the Turkish Contingent, and I think -that it iY importantto the character -of General Vivian to 'oint out that he did not oppose the expedition. General Yivian said that it was one thing to throw an army upon the territory of an enemy, but that it was anotherto provide f ropermeans of transport for it when thrown there. Novr, etthe-House consider what was the plan laid down by Lord Clarendon for the relief of Kars. That noble lord, in a despatch dated the 13th of July, 1855, wrote to Lord Stratford de Redeliffe and told him,- - "Her Majesty's Government are of opinion that the wiser course would be to send reinforcements to the rear of ibeTurkish army, instead of sending an expedition to the Tear of the Russian army. The reinforcements might go to 'Trebizonde, and bedirectedthence upon Erzeroum. The dis-nce from Trebizonde to Erzeronni is less than from Redout-Ealeh to TitUs, and the march is through a friendly instead ofthrough ahostile country; and at Erzeroumthe arny would meet suporting friends instead of opposing enemies, and supplies mnstead of famine. If the army of ars cannot maintain that position againxst the Russiains it should fall back upon Erzeroum, and the whole Turkish force should be concntrated there. If the Russians are to be defeated, it will be easier to defeat them by the whole force collected' than by divided portions of that force; and a defeat would be the more decisive the urther it took place within the Turkiish frontier. Trebi2onde is a port where supplies of all kinds might be landed; and Her Majesty's Government believe that it is a healthy place, and that lrseoum is so likewise. Such an arrange-ment as that which I have described would give time for -collecting and organizing the various detached corps of weich the proposed army of 40,000 men is to becoamposed; -and Her hlajesty's Government entirely concur in Ilauten'ant-GeneralVivian's opinion that, an army thrown on a -coast without means of transport and supplies is doomed to destruction." Sow, that despatch contained rather a free translation of -what General Vivian did sy, for he said nothing about an .srmy being doomed to destrction-all that he said was that 'before landien an ary On an enemy's coast it was essential o consider all the details, for it was one thing to land aa .yand another to move it. "How,let usconsderthis v-Ia nr. The noble earl objected to sending succour anywhere e bcept to Trebironde. That was the plan of strategy .embraced ythe noble earl. Now, the opinion of the noble earl or of the noble lord at the head of the Government on .A question of foreign policy, no doubt, would be very -ailable, but on a matter of strategy the case is not quite the same. Does anybody livzn, any m ilitary man enterh tain the opinion now that the plan of the noble eari was a good one? (Hear, hear.) Could the noble earl have known anything about the country or the means -of transporting munitions and mtheWo-in of war7 Why the propbosa made in this luminous despatch for an des, wath all its uphseb and artillery, to march from -uprebironde to Erreroumn would have occupied from threerto four months. (Loud cries of "HIear, hear.") The road was merely a mule path over which it would be almost b m- -Gossible to drag artillery, and, iir point of fact, in the last war, raskewitach, when within four or five tiles of Trebizonde, found the road imprceticable for -artillery, and did not attempt the passage. Now, how was this proposal looked upon hy military men wvho had had the advantage of experience to 'guide them ? Why, Sir, the -opinions of Omar Pasha, of (General Guyon, of General lhnsfield, of Colonel Simmons, of the whole of the mernbers of both flrench and Enlish embassies, were in direct -opposhtion to the opinion of Lord Clarendon and of the noble lord the Secretary for War (Hear, hear.) I repeat that the opinion propounded by Lord Clarendon in this despatch was upheld by nobody. (Hear.) Wbhat u fall back apon Erzeroume? Why, Sir, upon the 11th of July a letter l-as received from General Willians, almost sharging the Governor o Mrs -with treachery for suggesting the aban-o -oneent of that town. That letter was in the possession -of the Government when this cowardly suggestion was ma2e-andmadn e to suchi man as General Wflliams-to fall hacUk upon Erzeroum'l' Why, do youL suppose that if the ermy bad fallen back upon Erzeroum that distingcushed -soldier ?slouravieff would have followed it? You would have been doing the very thing he wanted you to do, and so efarfrommolestingyohe would hat e said, "bood morning, gentlemen, I wish you a pleasant joutrney; yot are on your - way to Erreroumi, and I am on my way to ConstaLntinople." (eear, hear.) The proposal was a terrible mistake. (Hear, hear.) I say a mistake, because no one canfor s n insta nt believe that any member of the Gove-rnment, and lesit of all the Secretary for ForeignAfairs, wonld wilfully do anything prejudicial to the interests of his covntry. (Hear, hear.) The object which he h-d m view was to fend aia hlinor, and was that to he done by abaLndon-' g ha key of it? And2 yet, with that object boefore it,'the Wsroffice of EGngland su"ggested to General lYilliams the :proprety of falling -back On Erzeroum, and thence upon Trebizonde. I can well imag,ine the feeling7s of the gallant GeneralWilinsms-henhe read thatdespat-ch. "Botrn it,"hLe wvnuld SayJ, "destroy it immnediately ; let it not be whispered for a moment that such apropossl haLs been entertained; for it would disconrage the troops sand lead to the fall of Asia --contrary, I will fight against famnde and against the MEussians to- the Tery last, because I know that it is my --uty to my countrto mlaintain vaslongas I an the key of *Asia Minor, the loss of -which will tend only to miake the *ar inglorious, and to lead to an ignominious peace."' (Cheers.) No, Sir, that despatcb, I ans happy to say, produced no effoct on Gene-ral Wiliams, and the milfitary officers whom I have consulted upon this subject .l1 agreed as to the necessity of holding Asia Minor -as long a~s I~nglsnd. had the power of sendinig assistance there. (Hear, hear.) The interests of this country, the -interests of Asia Minor, wera signalyaadndb the advice contained in that despatch,anIkowotight -would have given greater satisfactiontGeeaMorief when Karn fell into his hands, than to find. a copy of tha *document, for it wouldI have tauh him for the Ifuture what maight be expected fromn the War Departmaent of the British Government. Now,l come to the next plan proposed. The next plan was to send detachments of 25,00 men. * sow, let me remind the Houase that it. was always 3maltatamd y enealMasfild ad al hemilitary men who havewritenupo th sujec, tat omeeffort should be magc t reiev Eas b th wa ofKutisand Tiflis. That iili,howve, ws dreclyoppsedbyL'ord Clarendon and Lor Pamur. O th 14h o Juy Lrd-Panmure, int a - "Sir,-I - War D)epartment, July 14, ]85. S&dreWsing as I d inen of anEjugme aed uerstandin-g:- siple proposition will be more to the purpose, and win imas-. moreeffect.than allt hdeclainatiohi,nd invective that; ~a by the most skilful Person beiheapeaitogether. I listened with the greatest possible attection to the speecis of thehon.| ¢ nd learned gentleman, with the anxiouls endeavour to aind aut what wrere the real pointa on which his accusation I urned. I have dealt writh One of those points, I hope. satisfactorily; and I now pas on totheremainder of the se. From that time I flad General Wlliams in constant -conmunlcation with lord Stratford, and there is no lack of energy on Lord Stratford's part in promoting as far as in him lay the object wh;ich General Williams had so mucli at heart. It is si&that when General Williams, in answer to the leters of Lord Stratford justifying himself, urged that 'he had not been dealt with as he ought. Lord Clarendon did not do sufficient to vindicate General Williams; and it is further said that Lord Stratford put to Lord Clarendon a question which Lord Clarendon ought to have answered.; maisely. what was the character which General Williams was to be considered as occUpy9inU as the representative of B er Mfajesty with the army of Ears?7 There wvould be force in that objection on the Fart of thehon. and learned gentle- ans were it not that in tho meantime, under the pressmng instructions of Lord Clarendon, Lord Stratford had obtained from the Turlish Government that which, also by the instructioxns of Lord Clarendon, he had applied for long before, namely, the firm3n constituting eneral Williams a Ferik or general of division of the Turkish armny, and which gave 1dm, therefore, a clear, distinct, and definite rank. Moreover, *t that time a change tookplace in the command of the army a- }:rrernuin General Williams having made it perfectly clear to the English Government that Zarif Pasha was unfit for the post which he occupied, Lord Stratford was instruted to use his utmost endeavours to obtain the appointvient of a more efficient genekal to that command. The British Government were extremely anxious that a European general should be appointed, because they knew o)w few Turlrksh officersthere were who were competent to exercise the functions of general in chief. The Turkish Government, however, would not accede to that request. Jealous of foreigners at all times, they were unwilling to. trawnfer the command at Kar to an Europerm general, and Ismail Pasha was, therefore, appointed. It unfortunately liappened that Ismnail Pasha was taken ill-or was said to te .11-and he would not join the army. The result was, that Shukri Pasha was appointed to the chief comniand, with the assistance, of llussein Pasha,- as chief of the staff. We will find that General Williams at that time had very great difficulties to contend with. He vwas remoustrating from to time, pointin- out objections and obstacles, mad asking the assistance of the Government and Lord Stratford ; and we find, him invariably obtaining the most efficient assistance both f-om Lord Clareidon and Lord Stratford. But that has been entirely passed over by the hon. andlearned gentleman. (Hear, hear.) It snits the hon. and leaimed gentleman to single out those parts whichl uake in his favour, while he dexterously throws in the ibackground those whiuch make against him. Immediately ncon his appointment, Shukri Pasha sets to vork to thwast ll the attempts of General Wrilliams to introduce reform, diicipline and provement into the army at Ears, and in all th.:she isadmirablysecondedhyHussein Pasha. GencralWilliams at oncewrote to Lord Clarendon to point out the wvay in which those individuals were conducting themselves, and asking that the Brtish Government should insist on their recalL The British Govenment did insist on their recaUl. The ambassador at Constaninople supported to the utmost of his ability and power the remonstrances of General Williams, and the result was, that a new pasha was sent out to command the army. At the comnmencement of 1855 Vassif Pasha was apIointed to succeed Shukri Pasha. That was accomplished tLrough the instrumentality of Lord Stratford, who then took care to have the most precise instructions drawn up, directing the pasha to act in co-operation with General Williaus, to behave towards himn, not as a stranger, but as one high in the confidence both of. the British Government and of the Porte, to actin concurrence with him, andto treat him with the utmost confidence and the highest consideration. -ecordinglywe findthat themomnentVassifPashaarrives the state of things entirely alters, General Williams reports that affairs have assumed a much more satisfactory aspect. and that he is enabled to get a supply of provisions. Shukri IPasha and Hussein Pasha are pUt under arrest and sent to Corstantinople to avoid trial, abuses are put a stop to, the colonels who had been plundering the soldiers are deprived of their employment, and everythin" assumes a different aspect-a matter which General Williams afterwards gracefully acknowledges. (Hear.) When a charge is brought against Her Majey's Government of having done nothing, it should be remembered that these things were achieved under the special instructions of Lord Clarendon through the anmbassador at Constantinople. (Hear, hear.) This was the state of matters in February and blarch, 1855. liertheless, when the numbers of the army in the district of l:rzeroum camue to be carefully ascertaied, the custom havingr been to keep the muster rols at double what they really were, that the commanders might poc'et the profit, it was found that they had not more than :O,QOOr3en, and thess it wasthat General Williamns began to represent the necessity of having further reinforcements. He writes to Lord Clarendon and points out the necessity of succour. He writes to Lord Stratford to the same effect. Lord Clarendon directs Lord Stratford to urge the necessity of sending reinforcements to strengthen this army. It is said, vwhen that application was made, the Turkish .uthorities answered, " Our attention has been directed to the subject; we know the position of that nrmy is one of danger; we know it is not snfficientiy strong, but we have no means to strengthen it. We can take no troops from the Danube or from Bulgaria; all we have are essential to maintain our positions there. We cannot at the present moment aid the army in Armnenia." Hen- gentlemes sa.y we ought to have sent men there. Fromnwhence? (Cheers.) It asvery easy to say, "Look at the inmportance of Armienia-look at the im,portance of Kars and the magazines of Eizeroum. If theyfall, the enemy may be at Constantinople before you know where you are." True, it was most important to maintain that country in the possession of Turkey. It was most important to prevent Ears falling into the bands of the enemy. uat how was it to be done? It is rery well to say, "Yon ought to hasve done it," but where were the means? "Cheers.) This country, awakened from a peace of long duration, and never a great military power, found it necessary, havig determined to carry war into the Crimea, to avail herself of every disposable man, to raise minn wherever they were to be found, to call urpon the millitia to undertake garrisoni duties abroad, and to send on regiments to the Crimea, that not a single man availableforthepm-nose should be wanting. I want to k;zow- vhere were the men to befouid to be sentto Armenia? It dees not occur to General Williams to say, " Let a portion of your Crimean armv be sent there." He knew the idleness of snch a suggestion. -Where were they to come from ? The Turkish Government said, " We have 15,009 uren at Batoum, and we can spare 10,CC0 of them to shr athen the g'arrison of Hars anid the army of Erzeroum." But when it came to be ascertained, it was found that that force, represented to be 15,000, really amounted to 3,770 effective men; so that source was no longer available. W'That mwas nest to be done ? It vas proposed on the part of -the Turikish Government that the British Contingent, tstimated at 20.000, and General Beatson's cavairy corps, xeckoned at 3,C00 and 5,CCO men, from Bulgaria. ilicuMd be landed on the coast of Circassia, to <perate in the way of diversion on the rear of 1he Russians, and force th.at army to return. It -was very true that Her Majest's Government did not adopt that proposition. And why ? In the first placeand that one reason *s sufficient-the contingent of General Vivian consisted of levies only recently made; they were perfectly raw troops, with whom their officers were scarcely acquainted, and Omar Pasha himself declared in the raonth of July they were in such' a condition as to be unfit for service. It would have been the height of madness to -ssent to 'he proposition when first it was made. (Hear, hear.) oloreover, these circuinstainces wvery to be considered: -we knew nothing of the conntry, we knew nothing of the .oads, and no supplies had been prepared. Just conceive what might have occurred if an army of from 30,000 to 400,0 men bad been thrown upon the coast of Circassia -withoutlmowing whatdangersit oouldhave tomeet, orwhat visions and rmeans there were to maintain it. (Hear.) Wculd the British Government have beenjustified in enter-ig, without further knowledge, upon so desperate an exIodition ? What if it had been tried and failed? What %-ould then have been said of the want of foresight and prudence on the part of Her Majesty's Government? (Cheers.) But Her Majesty's Government said this:" Although we are not prepared to hazard the destruction .f the Contingent in so desperate an enterprise, if Omar rasha will hazard a portion of his own armv we shall be very happy to co-operate to the best of our ability." (Cheers.) 40mar Pasha made certain proposals to the allied generals. 3le went to Constantinople to see his own Government. lord Stratford assisted at the council which took place, and -the Turkish Government made this proposition,-that, instead of the British Contingent, Omar *Pasha should take the Turkish force then at Eupatoria, that- to that force slould be added 10,000 men from Bulgaria, and that the whole, underthe command of OmarPasba, should be landed ini Circassia, and endeavour to make a diversion in favour of tl:e army, of rmenia. To that proposition Her 2Jajesty'a Government wvere prepared to accede, but it was necessary to' Gbt?n the concurrence of the French -Government to the withdrawal of the Turlish force from Etupatoria. And here, though I readily admit what the ion.r nd learned gentleman bas assert,d so very trinmphantly, that this House will not shrink from t discharge of its duty from any false feeling of regard for the French alliance, yet I think the House, as a matter of justice, 'will not forget that Her hjesty's Government were : to ta-e into consideration theposition in which they were p laced with reference to the Govenmaent of our Impe- id ally, who has stood byuns so faithfully in the war. (Loud * cheers.) The British Government swas not justified saud I do not believe any hon. gentleman opposite will stand up and say it would have been justified-in agreeing with the Turkish Government that a certain portion of the army then in the Crimea should be withdrawn, and raw levies, such as the Turkish Contingent, substituted, without asking the consent of the ally with whom we were acting in oo.,operation. (Hear.).Accordinly, application was made to the :FrenchGovernme4t for their concurrence. What -as the 4sawer! The FrenchGovernmentat firstdeclinedto concur. SThe priniple- dopted ,y that Government in the conduct of 4Lhe rwar vs thatltlhe efforts which the combined and allied Armics could niike should be concentrated up,on Sebastopol, believing that on the fate of that city depended the isse of the war. (Hear, hear.) The French Government, uon ttLe representation of Lord Cowley, gave way, and acceed to the proposition, but in these terms-" The French Government agrees to the proposition that Omar Pasha, rgt3ead of rcndering his assistance at Sebastopol,shallproceed toCircassiand make a diversion in favour of the army at Erzerouln and at Ears, upon the condition that the number of troops before Sebastopol shal not be diminished." It Inay be supposed that all difiiclties were then surmounted. But no! It turned out that Omar Pasha, instead of being wiling to take, as was proposed, the 'rkish troofs at Eupatoria, peremptorily refused unlesm he could take those at Balaklava. The difference was thi. The troops at Eupatoria were Egptians, and not part of his com~eri army on the Danube, whereas the roos, t uon he ad ollwedhim throughout fie, c°m°P5igs upon thc Danube, and were sbarers of his Successes. Therefore Omar Pasha insisted upontalkirg his owvn armyWistelofille 'trop itEdiioiia.in whom he :coald plae ho confidenc& ,-'his e'baoge th aect of 4hbinga:' 'Whit'aid the British-GorGe±nnntin ol ehteof deavoured to obtain tha concierrenc& of the Fienes Goverdment in that new priopbitios. 1Lord Clarendon sent' Lord Cowley a telegraphic dtspch'proposing h%at"Vhat hid been offered by.-Ouiar Psh should be-acepted. 'ThUs-is-the despatch; itisdated'the 28th of Augost, -18355 s e '^"HerMajesty'sOGoverninent trust that tho Govsi,ment efthe Emperor will agiree' to the f6llowing answer tthe despatch from Viscount Stratford de Redcliffe, dated Daiskavas, the 26th of August, in-which case your Excellen4 'wMl send it on immediately froraLDrd 'Pammure to Generia Simpson, who will infonr Viscount Stratford de RedcliSe, if he sstilhatBalaklxav. 'OmarPash' is to bait libertyto take such of his own troops as- he, pleases from Balaklava-to Asia. They must be replaced inequal iumberslby-Lieu. tenant-General Vivian's Contingent. or by-troops' from Eupatoria, as the alied genirals nmay decide; and in. structions accordingly mnsit be given, in conjunction with the admirals, as to transportizg them.? " That direction is dated the 28th of August, 1855, and if it hadheen acted upon promptly Ears miht hat vebeen saved. Lord Cowley, however, sent -back this telegraphic mnessage E- "The Emperor has no objection to the removal of the Turlislhtroops from Balalds#a, and to their beingreped by others, provided' that the alied CoSmanders-in-Chief have no objection; buthe wil not take npon himself the respnsi. bility of saying more. Under these circumstances, Iend the telegraphic despatch to General Simpson inserting. after the word' 'Ass' the words 'provided tLat you and General Pelissier have no objection.' It turns out that both General Siinpson and General Pelis; sier entertained the stiongest objection to the' removal of troops from Ba1aklava, said General Simpson pr tested against the Tnrkish Contingent, in its then incomplete stat4 of discipline,-being sent to join the troops before 'Sebastopcol, or indecd'to its being' -added-to the armnyin th& Crimea. Under these circumnstances what rwere the Govern: ment to do? What is the shape rhich the accnsation against us really assumes? We ohjecded to the Turkish' Contingent, which was then in a stato of imperfect discipline, and without stcres or means of subsistence, being added to' the army before Sebastopol; but the Turks' were told 'that' they were at liberty, if theo chose, to send their own army 'to Asia. Omar Pasha, however, objected to take the troops which were stationed at Eupatoria, and wished to have hs' veterans from Balaklavs.' The English Government a pp lied tothe French Governmeht for its concurrence. The Emperor bf -the French declined to give any direct order, and the allied generals sid they were ready to allow troops to he taken from Eupatoria, but not from Balaklava. The generals said, however, that if troops were sent from Balakleava and were 'replaced by Turkish troopsfrom Eupatoria, thwe latter place would be garrisoned solely by the Turkish Contingeat, who in tho opinion of these officers hasd not attained a state of discipline which would render it safe to entrust them with the defence of so important a post. What, then, were the British Government to do?' The alied generals said-' You shaU not remove a single man from before SebastopoL" Were we to fly in the face of our allies and dissolve the alliance? (Hear, hear.) Were we to tell our generals that we at home were better judges of what ought to be done than they who were on the spot? (Hear, hear.) Suppose that notwithstanding the objections of the French Government, the remonstrances of General Simpson, and the Vigo- rouns resistance of General Pelissier, Her Majesty's Govern- i ment had sent out orders to remove the Turkish forces from Eupatoria and to replace them by the Turkish Contingent, and that the enemy hadt attacked Eupwtoria, and that place, thus imperfectly defended, had fallen into their hands, who then would have been the objects of blame? Undoubtedly the British Government. (Hear, hear] But when the French Government clearly indicated theirpolicy, and when the allied generals declared they could not spare men from Sebastopol, the British Government at home were left powerless with reference to Ears. (Hear, hear.) What could they do? We have been told we ouhst to have sent troops to Sara; but what forces were available? We had strained our utmost energies and exhaustedourlastresources inorder to send men to the Crinmea. The winter had been disastrous- our men had perished in great numbers, and we had beeu obliged to put forth our utmost energies to render our army efficient. It was efficient, and was fully prepared for action ; but would yon have been justified at that critical period in dividing yourforces, and in leaving half your army beforeHebastopol, while you sent the other half to Axmenia? Where would then have been the objurgations and the vituperation of the hon. and learned gentleman? (Hear, hear.) How this House would have rung with his fervid denunciation of the imlproper conduct of the Government in adopting a policy so unwise and injudicious! (Hear, hear.) Bet the hon. gentleman says we ought to have sent supplies. From where ? Why, no one ever dreamed that provisions for the annyweroto begot elsewvhere than fromAsia Minor, while supplies of arms and ammunition were to be sent from Constantinoplo; and it 'wil be found that Lord Stratford' do Redeliffe was incessant in his applications to the Turkish Government. It is very well for tho hen, and learned gentleman to take up the despatches,and, vith great artistic skill, playing the part of a most perfect actor ("Hear," and a laugh), to read letters in a manner whichis calculated toinvest themwith ridicule. But is that the way in which the despatches of public men ought tobe dealt with? (Hear, hear.) Lord Stratford, at the time which has been referred to, was exerting himself to the utimost to get supplies sent to Constantinople, and they were sent. General Williams acknowledges the receipt of. ammunition-powd er and baU-forhe.avyguns. Artillerymen were also sent, 300) arriving at one time and 600 or 700 at another. MLany of the sup'lies sent, no doubt, never reached their destination. ( Hear They were stopped at Erzeroum, but the British Government were not responsible for that. We could net wvatch the Turkish Government, or ste p in to prevent the system of peculation an. corruption which unfortunatey revails throughout every department of that country. The eon. and learned gentleman says. we ought to have sent money. In wvhat forni-as a gift or as a lean?9 (Laughter andceeringfrom the 31misterial side ) If we had proposed to send money as a gift, we should havze been told that we were resorting to the worn-nut and mischievous system of subsidies. 'AsTe did ask for a loan (renewed cheers), and we also asked the sanction of the House to the raising of a Turkish Contingent, which was one of the most effectnal means of assisting Turkey. The TurLsh soldier is active, and brave, while according to all accounts the qualitiesof Tirkish officersaregenerally preciselythereverse, and what was wanted was Turkish soldiers well disciplined well armed, well clothed, well fed, andwell officered. We asked Parliament to sanction the establishment of such a force, and how were we met? Who so loud in opposing the Turkish Contingent as the hon. gentlemen opposite ? (Hear, hear.) When we asked for a loan how was the proposal received? We w-ere told we had not mado out a sufficient case of necessity on the part of Turkey. (Rear, hear.) WVe were told also that more time ought to be afforded for considering the subJect, and the right hon. member for the University of Cambridge (Mr. Gladstone) strongly ured upon the House the necessity of its postponement. (lear, bear.) This, let it be remembered, was m the month of July, at the very time when it was 'necessary, if at all, to sarnd assistance to Karm. I should like to know where the hon. and learned member for Enniskillen wvas on that oecasion? (cheers and laughter)-he who to-day denounced with such glowing, and fenrid eloquence the ambitious projects of Rusala, and who really seems to lament that the war has been terminated and that peaceful and amicable relations 'have been restored? (Hear, hear.) Why, he voted against the Turkish loan! (Laughter and cheers.) I do not quarrel ivith the course which hon. gentlemen took on that occasion; I have no doubt they acted from conscientious conviction; but I do protest against the injustice of now turning round upon us and saying we have not done our best, (Cheers.) The question for the House to deter- mine is, not whether Lord Stratford de Redelige may have I written in a somewhat florid style, not whether this or that despatch is couched in the most statesmanlike form of words, but whether there is anythisg the Government could do which they have failed to do in order to avert the surrender of Ears? (Hear, hear.) The hon. and leaned gentleman has told us that the fall of Ears is the prelude to the downfaU of the Turkish empire. Yet the policy of concentrating all our energies on the Crimea, and regarding Sebastopol as the real key to success or defeat, was, I think, not an injudicious one. And what was the result? Sebastopol fell; and so did Kars. But his the Turkish empire fallen? Did the enemy march to Constantinople? On the contrary the Russians did not advance a step beyond the conquest of the latter fortress. And let me ask, are the allies responsible for the surrender of Ears! Was therenot an abundantly sufficient army in Asiatic Turkey? Selim Pasha had a considerable force in Armenian; ad if he had done his duty Ears would not have hadto capitulate. Moreover, while Selim Pasha had a respectable force in Axmeni, it would have been imprudent to withdraw any important part of the besieging force from before SehastopoL It was said that our Government was wrong in resisting the proposed diversion by way of Circassa; but when Sebastopol fel and Omar Basl wvas set at liberty, the Geaeral lauded with his army on that coast and attempted to penetrate into the heart of the country, and tha sequel showed that he could not proceed further than Kitais. Yet Omar Pasha would have been in time if -ho had get on, to relieve Sars (in ironical lau-h), the season was not too late for his advance; but he was met by difficulties to which we should have been equally eoposed had we made a diversion by (ircassia even at an earlier period. The hon. and learned gentleman asks what military man would sanction the plan by Trebizond: but if he consults the views of General Williamshe will findhis opinionto be decidedly in favour of that project; and, indeed, the despatches at the close of the blue-book, written by persons on the spot and in communication with the Russian officers after the fall of Ears, showed the general impression to. be that Omar Pashn's failure was attributable tohns choice of the route by Circassia instead of by Trebizond. If, however, military authorities differed on the course to be pursued, is that a fair ground for censuring the Ministry ? it is all very well to say that the war has not been conducted vith vigour or skill but what is the result ? And at what epoch are we discussing this question ? The ratifications of peace have been exchanged, the substance of the treaty is lnown to the world, and, probably, before another sun sets the heralds of peace will' have announced the return of its inestimable blessings to Europe. And pnder what circumstances does Great Britain close the contest? She wll ha-ve achieved every legitimate object for which 'she drew the sword. (Hear, Aear.) Turkey has been preserved, the balance of power maintained, and the progress of Russia in' her schemes of aggrandisement arrested. And in what position does England now stand? Whenever were her resources so great or her power so manifest? Who that saw the noble spectacle which we witne5sed on Wednesday last-ALoucd ironical laughter.) I regret that hon. gentlemen should regard the spectacle 'of that noble fleet as a fit subject for their ridicule. (Renewed laughter. I should have thought that no Briton could contemplate that scene with other emotions than those of pride, because 'it demonstrated that, while our enemy was exausted by the efforts he had to make to sustain a defensive war, Ennland, on the contrary, *as never in a more prepared state for continuing the conflict. That favourable result is, no doubt, due to the liberality of Parliament in -ding the means ot mintainingsuch nalghtyarmament; *'ut, surely some credit-may' a16i - be claimed -bythoee-who have aninnitered'the Aiffair:of the:i coitry,- and produo-d; nsobrief a spaceoftime,.a navy the like-of which was unever before beheld. Ought the House then toeenaure the G tir nt*bichhaobtnedanh6nourablepeaoe, and stiU -leftocnr war establishments in a condition mwn-hich they would be capable of -sustining, if necessary, -an arduous and protracted struggle V It is impoesible not to;feel that this corntr, has the strongest ground for rational exultation; yet t liohn. -and learned gentleman, amid the general ejoiclings at the restoration! of a peace which achieves all our objects, discovers in his retrospect of 'the pSt onelittledarkspot, andeagerlyseizesu onit. Yetno fatalcona sequencis followred theaeveut on hic]lethe hont. and-learned gentUeman dwelt so gloomily. - It did 'not-for a single momnent-retard the-attainment of your great end-a happy and honourable peace. The hion, and learned' gentleman, howeever, think2 it maybe made the instrumuent of a. successful attack on the Governmuent. 'I do 'mot hblime him if-he believes he will do himself and his party any good, bet I am convinoed that the House and the country mbetoo just and too generous toa4Sxthe brand of their censure upon the present Adnistto'i. (Hear, hear.) Lord J. ANNEtS 'thought that the -Attorney-Gieneral had appealed almost in Jori dupeCris to the Honse'for a voke of confidence in the Government, not on the merits oi the question now under consideration, but on the generat issue, whether they had so conducted affairs as to provide the country with a Bfeet ready to continue the war. -The question the House had to decide related solely to vhat the hon. and learned gentleman candidly described as the one little dark spot in the prosecution of the war. (A laupgh.) That small speck, the hon. ana learned gentleman ' owever contended hd piodAuced no ef6bct on the result of the negotiations for peace. -But tbe,true iniport of the fall 6f- Kars was this-that the star of England in Asia-had paled before' that of Russia-that Persia had morally be. come a Russian province-L-and Russian supremacy been'reestablished from the Caucasus to HifidooCoosh. (Hear, hear.) The hon. and learned gentleman had i£ tempted to show that everything which foresight, skill, and intellect could achieve for the relief -of Kars had been' accompished by our Government. Never was there anything lesse satifactorythanthohon. and leaxned gentleman's explanation of the causes that'led to the fall of Ears.' He would not allow that it was the fault of the Trlkish authorities either at Constantinople or in Armenia; he would niot admit that the Home Government wera in any degree responsible for it; he laid it all at the door of a single individual-Selim Pasha. But the charge could not be sustained. If Selm Pasha had evacuated Erzeroum for the purpose of re7ieving Ears, the formerfortress would infallibly have fallen into the hands of the Russians, and a fatal blow would have been 'dealt to Turkish power throughout the Asiatic provinces. Selim Pasha was not fairly chargeable with the disaster of Kars. It was to Her Majesty's Government, and to them alone, that the blame should be imputed. The great, the wonderful speech of his hon. and learned friend the member for Ernniskillen proved to demonstration that the guilt lay 'with the Government, and with them alone. It was idle to think of implicating Lord Stratford, for, though the conduct of that noble lord in not taking notice of General Williams's despatches was no doubt very reprehensible, no sooner had the English and Turkish Governments become sensible of the necessity of relieving Ears then he exerted himself most zealously to p)romote that object, and had his advice been taken the fortress would never have fallen. (Hear.) It had been said that that calamity was attributable to the unfortunate position of the Government, who, though they had the whole resources of the nation at their command, were so absorbed by the siege of Sebastopol that they could not spare a gun, a g=nea,- or a man, for the salvation of Ears. If this was the true version of the story, the sooner we agrced to any terms of peace the better, for we had ceased to be -a nation who under any circumstances could prosecute a war. (Sear, hear.) But no; the Government were alone responsible. It -was their incompetency, their want of system, their want of energy, that had rained alL No one could suppase that if the hon. member for Aylesbury (Mr. Layard) had been Foreig, Secretary and Lord Ellenboroughat the head of the War Department any such disaster would have occurred. The Commons, acting withcharacteristic generosity, had guaranteed aloantoreplenishtheexhaustedtreasuryof thePorte; but Ears was sacrificed to the routine and redtapism that had destroyed a gallant army at Balaklava, and the Turki6h Government nowv complained that long afterthefortress had fallen not one farthino of the loan had as yet found its way into their coffers. (llear, hear.) The Turkish Contingent never having been employed in any effective service, its embodinient, so far from being a benefit, was an injury to the i'urkish army, f'rom the ranks of which it had withdrawn some thousands of men wlho otherwise might have been a source of strength to it. He maintained that theabsorption of 20,000 Turkish troops in the Turkish Contingent, placed as it was underthecontrol of the incompetent man by whose hand the war resources of the country were directed, was one of the chief causes which led to the fall of Ears. (Hear, hear.) The hon. and learned gentleman had not quite accurately represented the facts as regarded the proposition of the Turkish Government in Jnly for the relief of Ears, for the fact was that all the military authorities at Constantinople were in favour of a diversion beinig undertaken- and the subsequent campaign of Omar Pasha entirely justified their opinion. Ihe hon. and learned gentleman stated that the obstacles which prevented thq success of the expedition under the comnmand of Omar Pasha had nothing to do with the malter. .he ATTORNEY GEINERAL explained that what he bad said was that the weather was by no means the only obstacle which prevented the success ofthat expedition. Lord l. MANNERS.-Undoubtedly the weather was not the only obstacle with which Omar Pacha had to contend; but the other obstacles had been overcome, or were in a fair way of being overcome. by the genius of that distinguished man. (Hear, hear.) The obstacles were Russian troopsthey vwere overthrow/n; hlingrelian levies-they were disps-reed; bridges broken down,-theywere replaced. (Hear.) A narrative of that camnpaign had been wvritten by MEr. Oliphant, ar.d he thought that the hon. and learned gentleman could scarcely have rend that narrative. Why, Mr. Oliphant stated that he had, with the advanced guard, got within four hours' dibtance of Kutais; there were no Russian troops to oppose them, and Omuar Pasha must have succeeded in taking that town had it not been for the break-up of the weather. Well, then, it followed that if Omar Pasha had been permitted to undertake that expedition at an earEier period, important results would have occurred. When the French Government gave their sanction to the expedition under OmarPasha, allthat they stipulated wVs that the number of Turkish troons before Sebastopol should not be diminished;-and when tlhe second scheme was proposed, he s.awnoreason whythe matter should have been a-gain referred to the Government of the Emperor of the French. ThatGovernment had alreadygivenits consent upon one stipulation, and with that stipulation the Government of the SultanandOmarPasha wereable and wilingtocomply. The resultofagain referrinDgthematter tote French Governmuent had been to create confusion, and eventually a matter which had been already settled by the allied Governmeats was left to the derision of General Simpson and Marshal peli-sier. Was it the best way to carry out the ente.ate cordilsk with our ally to constitute Generals Simpson and P lissier arbiters as to whether Omar 'asha, the generallissimo of the Saltan, should be at liberty or not to make an attempt to defend the key of the fairest provinces of his imperial master! (Hear, hear.) We must, of course, touch lightly upon the conduct of General Pellissier ; but certainly General 'Simpson had not displayed energy so signal as to justify him in thvalting the plans which had been agreed upon between his Governmeat and Omar Pasha. The answer to the statement of the ,on, and learned gentlemasa (the Attorney-General) that, after the fall of SebastopoL the allied generals showed no reluctance to grant the permission demanded by Omar Pasha, was to be found in a despatch within three weeks after the capture of that fortrss, in which Colonel Simmons stated that General Pelissier had then given his consent to the departure of only three battalions of Turks. Could it be said that Her Majesty's Government had displayed foresight when they allowed the plans to which they had assented to be frastrated by the opposition of the allied t%nerals? The hon. and learned gentleman said that no -words would have been strong enough for their condemnation had they acted contraryvto the opinions of these generals; hut, unfortunately, -they had, in conserting to the expedition of Omar Pasha, adopted this course. The despatches of Lordls Clarendon and Paninure, written on the 13th and 1.4th of July, represented the defence of Ears as hopeless and rejected the only plan for its rehef as visionary thoughtless, and impracticable; yet, on the 1Sth of the same month Lord Clarendon sent a despatch to General Williams, in which he rged him in the strongest terms to continue his exertions; and he had it on the authority of Dr. Sandwith that, baxt for the encouragement which he received from the noble lord, General Wiiams would have attempted to cut his way out of Kars. Had General Williams and his officers no cause of complbint against the Government ? The hon. and learned gentleman asked what the Government could have done? The TurlishGovernmentproposed a plan. At first the Enghsh Government rejected it, and when they consented to its adoption they clogged their consent-with condition3 which renderedit useless. They made OSt isulting. contemptuous, and unjust" charges agamst 'the Government whom they had renidered poweriess, while, although wrielding the resources of themost powerful emp ire in the wrorld, they themselves did nothing. Their conduct reminded him of the words of Sir Peter Teazle, who, when speaking of the supposed mahehaviour of Charles Surface, said, " L, who in some manner 'was left his guar- dian, and who never in my life refused him-my advice." They refused every proposa laid before them for the relief of Ears, or else clogged their -permission with such conditions as made it of no effect; but advice they sent by the ream, and the worst of it was, that their advice ws generaly self-contradictory, and, when not that, foolish and impracticable. His charge against the Governmment was, that while they did nothing themselves, they prevented others from that which might, 'and very likely woudd,' have had the effect of relieving Ea He would admit that the Government was consistent in their inconsistency. The hand that penned the refusal of thefirstTurkishproposal aswild and impracticableandwhich afterwards penned tbe assent to a plan from Omax Pasha which was identical with it, was the hand which refused to oppose 30,000 Turkish troops to Mingreian militia and a few Russian troops, ahd afterwards charged Selim Pasha with cowardice for not having marched to the assistance of Ears with the ganrison of Erezoum. The noble lord who had formerly denounced the settlement. of the North American boundary question as the " Ashburton cpitula- ion,"wasatthehead of that Goernment through whose supineness and short-sighteduess Rus;sia had been able to regain in Asia that which she had lost in urope. (IHear, hearo m When thle noble lord Sat down no hon. member rose to ptitismyhopethat, tW ingtotheimpor nccandmagnitde cf the abjectla Ireceive theircoosideration .nd attention. (Hear.) Upon an inquiry into the fall of Kars it -will be inpossible to escape from a discuslon,of the circumstances and policywhich led to that disaster, and if in the progress of our inquiry it becomes necessary to observe on the political cow duct or the political chacter of public men, that dutr however disagreeable, must be performed, as essential to the interestsof our country. (Hear, hear.) . The hon. gentleman who.pened our proceedings at the commencement of this sesion in an eloquent and graeful speechlU1hded to the coadition of a Minister who should terminate a glorious warby a glorious peace. - He sid, an h sonie trith, thatsuch a Minister might be content rrds to recelon his ViCtories and repose upon his laurein The joyful expectation. of that hon. gentiem n I eluctant to disturb. Mine is a gloomy task. -1 have to recall the attention of my hearers to splendid opportunities, I fear, lost for ever-to the sacrafce, of a gallant armya-to the abandonment of: the bravest of our countrymen, to the military trlmnph of- Russia, to -the disappoint. *ment of the fondhopes of the natior.: The attitude esiibited by Parliament during the last fewr months imust, I ap. prebend, have produced m the States of Europe a feeling of respect for representative. government-calm, dignified, forbearing-abstaining from' comment or debate upon political questions of the deepest interest so lbng as debate or com3ment might be prejudicial to the public service. But :that forbearancemustnot be confounded with indolence or apathy. This House can be alive -and active in the performance of its duty-in the assertion of its authority ' when the suitable time Wrrives; and that LsiAtable time lias come. (Hear, bear.) Sir, I can conceive. no responsibility more awful than that which a 3inister of the Crown under'takes when he advises his Sovereign to embark in vwhat mxv be a bloody and protractecl war. lNo great war ever left a nation in the same condition in which it found it, and, therefore, the advautage to be derived ought to be proportionate to the possible sacrifices made to obtain it. (Hear, hear.) I can conceive a 3Minister ased that question, revolving in his mind the answer he should give to his Royal Mistress. I cmn conoeive that inister retiring to his closet, glancing at the history of Russia, reviesing the provinces she ham annexed, the kingdoms she has incoorporat4d, the country ahe was conquered. I can conceive him then turinZ his eye on the. sap of Russia in the East- the eye of a statesman-and rsi6iP from the contemplation with feelings of' constemation and amazement-cousternation at the result, amazement at the: infatuated policy wlhich endured it; sad I can conceive:thatMlnisterarriving at the clear and satisfactory cond lui t it'shis duty to his Sovereign to advise her, under God's blessing, to grapple vith an enemyto be submitted to nolonger. (Hear.) The question before the House. cannot be connnenced at once with the contents of that blue-boolk There are arguments historical, political, geographical-all tending to prove tLat, if war broke out between. Russia and Turkey, it was the paramount duty of a Minister who understood 'ihis duty, to assist, in referenceto warirAlja Minor, at the right time,; with the right mews, erthe .Poweu that was conten'ding in truth 'on the side. of.-English interests. (Hear, hear.) About 30 years ago, was published by an experienced officer of the Company a tract, called Z?gzan,d, Russia, avid Persi. The object was to point out what ought to be the true 'policy of England in reference to Persia, and in reference to; the designs of Russia he advocxted no aggressive policy. He did not advise any conquests or agesions, but he said it was the first duty of England, by judicious counsels, by the employment of judicious agents, to teach Persia to develope her resources, to strengthen her army, and so to obtiuir. such influence over her Government as to constitute that. gdn4orn, -wiat he argued she was by nature, the great bx rcrn l Rsqi aggressionintheEast (Hear.) The 'lhigs adopted that argument, but, at the same time, with great deference, I think they pushed it to excess. The expedition to Affghanistanwasjustifleduponthat ground. SirJohn CamHobhouse, whose scholarship I have had the opportunity to enjoy and admire, and who possessed a full knowledge of the affairs of the Fast, went the length of contending that, if it were dis. covered by a British Minister that Russia sought to obtain influence over Persia and gain possession of Herit-which he caled the gates of India-It would be justifiable to makc war and invade ths country which adopted that policy. He said it was mightyridiculous-that ws the phrase he usedon the part of gentlemen who sat on the Opposition side of the house to wait until Russia or Persia acted; it -was the duty of England to extend war into the country of the Power which was discovered to have that design. He usel a sentence which I may be permitted to read -- "The intervention which I particularly allude to was the intervention on the part of the representatives of the Cabinet of St. Petersburg. which was totally incompatible with the very safety of India. Count Simonich advised the advance upon Herat. Hon. gentlemen are' now so familiar with the importance of that -city and State, fromu its position in Central Asia, that it is unnecescsary for me to dwrel on it. This, hov.wever, I must state-that the best authorities' had laid it downu as an indisputable fact that that citv and its immediate dependencies are the most important of all th cidties and States of Central Asia; and that the Master of Herat is in a position, both in reference to Persia and to the Affghan States, to hold the balance, if he has any considerable power, between the parties who might contend for empire much further, and i&th much greater proximity to India. But Count Simonich did not confine himself to gi ing advice. At the very time that the English Minister, i consequence of instructions from lord Palmerston, retired after fruitless endeavours to prevail upon the Shah to relinquish his intentions, Count Simonich remained in the neighbourhood, and actually, it might be said, superintenaed the siege; and an officer of distinction who had been in the Russian service, assiad at the siege and, I think I recollect, was killed there. But it did not stop there. The intervention of Russia did not stop with the mere appeaance of the RussianAmbassador at the siege of Herat. Forsooth, a treaty was entered into, it will bo be found in the papers before the House, by which, in the most summary way, the lawful Sovereign of Herat (the real representative of the ancient dynastv) wis to be dethroned, and his doniimons were given to one of the Princes of Candahar, a brother of Dost Mahomed. By that treaty an entire change was to occur in the whole o} that important part of Central Asia, and who does the House of Commons think was the guarantee of thAt treatyg No less a person than the Russian Ambassdor, and I lold a proof of it in mnyhand."' (Hear.) That was a very strong argument, and upon it a sanguinary war wasjustified. In the course of the same dis4u-ssionaletterwasreadfrom,SirA. Barnes tomyunfortunate fellowv-countryman Sir W. WP1?aghten. That eminent Indian officer thus exposed the Russian policy in the East:- "It is clear that the British' Government cannot with any credit or justice to itself permit the present state of affairs at Cabul to continue. The counteraction applied must, however, extend beyondDost Mahomed Khan, and to both Persia and Russia. A demand of explanation from the Cabinet of St. Petersburg would, I sonceive, be met by an evasive answer,. and gai for us discredit. Besides, the policy of Russia is nowv fairly developed and requires no explanation, for it explains itself, since that Government is clearly resolved upon using the influence she possesses in Persia (which is as greati there as whatthe British command is in india) to extend her pov;'er eastwa. It had better, therefore, be assumed at once that such are her plans, and remonstrate accordingly." lGo plitical writer whom I have been able to consultno e.xperienced oEficer of the Company-has ever argaed that you can consider the question of the interests of Englald in the Bast asprt from the interests of Persia and Asiatic Turlkey. They all hold it as a fongamental principle that the interests of those three States are not merely inddentally- but substantially connected ; and contend with irresistible force that the past history of Russia shows that when she wishes to make war on Persia she remains at peace with Turkcey, and, on the other hand, when she wishes to go to war with Turl-ey she continues on good terms with Persia; because the combination of both those countries might' be inconvenient to her power. The same authorities declare that Rusa hbs steadily, for 100 years, pursued her conquests in- Persia on the. Caspian, and those Against Asiatic Turkey 'along the uxine. After the peace of 1814 a prormise was given to Persia to restore certa provinces of that State which Russahadunfairlyacquired. Lord Cathcart endeavoured toobtainthe fulfilmentof thatppedge at St. Petersburg, but failed, on the ground that Russia never surrendered what she had once gained if she could possibly avoida it. (Hear, hear.) Subsequently, however, Russia said, "Here is the Aaxes, which forms a convenient frontier between us and Persia. Let that be our bound:ry, and we shall be content, and thus constant disputes wdi be avoided." An hon. gentleman a few nights ago asked the noble lord the member for Tiverton whether he had taken any means to have a road completed between Trebizonde and Bayazid for the advantage of commerce. If that hon. gentlemanran his eye alongthemap from TrebizondetoErzeroumandthenceto Baya2id into Persia, he would find the town of Khoi, by which anentrancewasgivenfor ourmamufacturesintoPersia, There is no ford between that place and the Caspian, although a little above it there is, and there Russia hs placed a strong fortress, called Abassaba. Ru 's practice is to exact an indemnity from the Power which she has provoked into war, and whenthat-Power cannot pay she seizes one of her provinoes as a material guaantee. 7In this way she obtains a mortgage on Persia, and intends, at a favourable moment, to -foreclose it. Her geograhicaI position also enables her, whenever shepleases, to- our trade with Persia, by se'xng on the fortress of Xhoi, as she did on Abasabad, Th:s ws' the'shteof£ thin s'when war broke out in 1853. It'isunneesaty o emind the Hou of the provinces which eausiextto om ic Tirey-. -he key of Russian policy is, thSt the vital stngth. of 1 Turkey consists in her Aziatic. provinces; and usabeing desirous of conquering Tirkey, whenever al e makes r against that Power, begins by st ng at her in those rvic The root of' Russian power, as post =ngAd's Indian emnpire to Pergsi, and toAstc mre lies in Georia The u of Imeritia to Russi is yen trifing, and hr soleobjectin securing a tasitacost;he Caucau is to complete the'ponQuestof Asiatic Turkey and -of peia Her troope depaend on the reoure ^' ^eog'a and tozet there abs s his eoroms the stepps fotera ussia by the pathwa cuots'cte4i b the Empress Catherine, and then to pas through thae ragged conatry occupied by fierce tribes. These obstcles renderi' difgull for her to maiintain a suficient force in Georgiato. carry out her designs on Persia and Aziaoi-cTurkey; When the late Emperor Alexander said he 'medititel no aggression-that he wanted no more territory--he couldi see, in the Black Sea, Poti, Amnpa, aud the miver Rion, These gave Russia access close to Xutais; and then a racadamized roid enabled her by a short cut to introduce an army and the mnunitions of war directly into C:eorgia, az thing otherwise impossible to her savc bycrossing hesteppes of Souther Russia, and advancing through rough, perilos mnountain passe. IUnder these circuustances, wrhen war breals out between Russia and Turkey, an English Minister ought carefnUy to watch thoe-tate of thiny Asiati:> Turkey, as being of the highest concerntc T.heerzanent interests of England. It may be said that these are Tague and unfounded apprehensions of the designs of -Bsuia; 'rS ontbis pointthe lioryof the canpaimus of Paskiswits-ch,i 1828 and1829,is very_instructive. That histiydiaclosis the policy of Russia and ler agents, and shows hbor pas3-5 witsch, in a shorter space than any previous ccinmandesr, sized the strongholds of AsiaticTuakey, conquerafortress after fortress, his only difficulty soon bSeing-wbhether he rhould advance on Coaktantinople from Eneroum, or march by the great rivers towards the vast countries lying near the Perian Giilf. Psideewitsach mached towads Trebizonde and took Yibi (as we understood). Hig instructions then were to co-operate with the RuEiasn fteet; in the Black Sea, and the comlmon object. of tLe rmssian forces was to complete the conquest of Asiatic uikiy, on the shores of the Black Sea. The roads were almost Inpracticable for artillery betweenKarthi and Trebizonte; And a. foolish Pacsh, going out to fight the Russian geieral, was repulsed by him with frightul slaughter. PIkiewitsech then returned to Erzeroum, and laid out his peaa for a future eampaign; to aoamsplih L the fundamental and cherished poliy o his contry. I am not; in a condition to say whether or not that sinmglr docurnent -the will of Peter the Great-is genuine; but in the ipapenice- to the Russian histories to wvhih have referred t is bequeathed to tliesuccessoss of that monarzh as a policy fixed and never to be forgotten-that they should march to' wards the East and conqner Persia andAsiatic Turky; the same document dedaring that the Power which ruiles East and at Coustantinople mnst govern the world. I _ to have mnentioned that the lieutenant of Marshal & witsch in his Asiatic campaigns 'was General L-Mjca-' vieff,- who fuSly comprehendel the policy d objects of his chief; and ltusaia, always putting the right maan in the right place, raised him to thie comumnd of the armytthatwasfinallytoachievethegooa work which Paskiewitsch left unfinished. These fTacts wet av patent to the British Mnister who had to r,dvise his Sovereign on the course she should take at the outbreak of the late war. That war I understood to have been undertaken to defend Turkey from invasion and to uphold, if possible, the independence of that Power forthefuture. The importance of the problernwas only nhanced if in its solution were involved'the tranquilhity of both Persia and our Indian possessions. Whait, then, was our policy on commencing the warin 1353? 'A rench friend of mine remarked to me, "I a admire the boo's of your Seymour (meaning Sir Hamilton Seymour), it is so droll." augiter.) But there is an answer in it which is not droll-the answer given by Sir Hamilton Seymour to the memorable statement ofCount Nesselrode, when the latter told him that it would be impossible to settle -with Turkey until she had been calmed by a defeat. The reply of the EngliEh ambassador was, tbat as the policy of his Government was f(ir peace, that Government were more anxious for the end than for tbemeans that would secure it. lown that I cannot see much to admire either in the morality or the expediency of such an answes. (Hear, hear.) But, not to linger on this point, what, let me ak, was your first policy at the commencement of war Itwas a represve policy. Inl828 and lS29 Turkey s dispirited, enfeebled, prostrate; in 1S63 herpeople werefull of enthusiasm-they were eager for the fray-they flunZg their money into the Treasury, andthe rich took their horses from their carriages to drawv the artillery. There wvas a general impatience of diplomacy, and the universal feeling wams, that if usia wished to negotiate she could do sO as well on the bank6 of the Pruth as on those of the Danube. The day of cordict had arrived, and the Turks could see no reason why the struggle should not take place on the basdefield which from its position they deemed most favourable to their cause. England prevented this, and no doubt had a policy to serve in so doing. I mean not now to call in questin the propriety of her conduct in that respect; but this I do uvtlhesitate,to assert that, having for your own purposes prveUted Turkey from taking the fleld when she was herself -convinced that her time hadconie to strike-and to -stike hard-at her remorseless enemy, every consideration of duty, -honour, and magrnnimniey bound you to assist her afterwvards in her extremity. (Hear,hbear.) The war broke forth in 1853. Is it conceivable that any Minister of the Crown can have seriously believed that Turkey in Asia was at that time able to contend, unaided and alone, with the trained battalions of Russia? If so, upon whiat plea of precedent, upon what pretext of experience, upon what ground of history cs such an opinion have been formed ? Surely, it cann3ot have been wanted by the result of the battles of 1S28 and 1829, or by any other passage in the history of Asiatic Turkey. It is impossible that any Jifnister of the Crown can have entertained such an idea, or. if he did, this House would cot have beei justified in attaching any weight to his opinions. Tarkey had already been defeated in several pitched battles; her army was disorganized-shattered to pieces. How was it restored to disciplne and efficiency? Solely through the efforts of Guyon. (Hear, hear.) Guyon. the most brilliant soldier, as he is umdoubtedly one of the purest patriots of moderi Europe, wasbrought from Damascus; and he itivas wbo, in 1853, inspired the army of the Sultan with fresh hope, renewed its orgaunzation, and restored it from being a rabble to something like the power and efficiency of -a military force. In 1854 two of our countrymen, for the mere love of the thing, visited Asiatic Turkey, and were present at the battles fought in that year. 0f course Russia carTied all before her. Our unfortunate ally was defeated, and sustained a signal reverse at Bayazid. The first object of Russia was riaturally to impede the commerce of England with Persia, and inthis she now completely sueoeeded. The army at Batoum was overthrown. On Sunday, the 6th of August, 1854, wasfoughtthe battle of Bnjukdere. Thesdisaster to the Turiish army was complete, although it was the opinion of many, not unsliiled in military tactics, that had the advice of Guyon been adopted the result woulJd have been very different. On that occasion the artillery of the Turks was commanded by Tahir Tasha, an officer who, notwithstanding the aspersions cast upon him in this blue-book, has long enjoyed a reputation, brilliant indeed, yet not beyond his merits,forhe was educatedin England, and I am ssared by theoe who had an opportunity of knowing him in this country that his natural talents are of the highest order. and his acquirements in his professon most profound ancd varied. So effectively was the artillery work-ed under his command that I am credibly informed that the loss to. the Russians on that eventful day was 3,025. Such -was the consequence of having a well-served artillry. The army fled to Xars, and here arises a very in rtant' question of fact to cast a light upon the policy of the Gverament. It has been often asked how it happened thut the armny, victorious at Bnjukdere, did not pursue the routed and disorganized force, take Xsars, andt destrov the remnant of the Turkish power in Asiatic Turkey? The reason was that Schamyl, of whom ve have often heard, but whose presentwbereabouts apiea to be enveloped in mystery, invaded Tiflis in the rear of the Russian armry and stayed their further progres Tlhe effect of that sudden and impetuous foray unon Tiffis, which, as every one knows, is the capital of Ge;rgia, stands upon a plain, and is not fortified, was to comupel the Russin general to divide his forces, with a view to the protection of the town, thereby saving the remnant of the Turkish armny from utter annihilation. AU military authorities, v7ith the exception of the noble lord at -the head of the NVr Department, lay it down as a cardinal maxim that as Russia invariably strikes at Tarkey in her Asiatic provinces, because sbe knows'that her strength lies there, so if you woould strike at Russia you should aim a blow at her in Georgia, w;hich istble: root of her power. (Hear, hear.) By this means, if her army is in advance you can compel it to retreat, in order to cover and protect the capital of her power. When, according to this policy, Schamyl rushed npon Tiflis in 1854, be coerced the Russian army to divide its forces, and by this means rendered it impossible for it to perform nvhat its leaders had proposed to themselves. It wiU bc- admitted by the most casaal and thoughtless observer that when these events had come to p ass it was full time for the Elnglish flnister to put himself in motion (bear, hear); and so he did. He looked around him, and began to concoct materials for this blue-book (a laugh); and certainlyit is one of the most extraordinary productions that bhs7 ever seen the light. (H[ear.) Turkey havingbeen defeat-d in five pitched battes, and her case being as calamitous as can be wrell imsagined, it wvas resolved lib:4tb English Minist;ry to send out a. commissioner {''-iier hear," and a laugh), who was to pick up w;hat 'oblRitiinformation hecould, and communicate it to the Wiii Secretary, Iord Raglan, and tlhe British Ambassador a Constantinople. He was likewise to report ontheconditi*n of the army. He was to leave 3gland on the 4tb d !kugnst. The next day-or, it maybe, tEe very same daythe Foreign Secretary wrote a secondletter to him, appri2ing him that it would also be his duty te res*re the [Tur;ish army t6 efficiency (lauahter) by all the means in his powver. Unfortunately, the nobilelord at the head of thle F'oreign Deprtment forgot, or neglected to mentionl, what' means for that purpose wvere at the command of the cornmissioner. Exicept his indomitable courag,e, his -ininate energy, his sense of duty, his mother wsit, and his English. heart, I kinow of none that wvere at his .disnosl (Hear, hear.) Instead of powder and shot, they provided him with a plentil supply of paper ink, and I will do him the justice to say tbat from the mnoment heisched EBreroum he bombarded his correspondents as vigozously, though not, unharily, with so, much success, as has ever donethe Russians. Tne House ill not fal to admire the notable expedient of regenerating Turlkeyby means of a conmissioner, to whom was confided the task of collecting information with which the Governmentoughtthemselvesto have been acquainted. The peesage in Dr. Sandwith's narrative in which he decnribes the duty assigned to the commissioner is as well worth reading as anything in that interesting volume. "He seized upon Ana authority. He usurped -n authority. He trampled upon etiquette and saved Aia Minor." May God bless hima for that, say I. -I1f that commissioner bad been in the Crimea and had seen ten thousand soldiers p1erishing, -with cold opposte to the~ store ina. -which were the rments to ' lothe them, - but the keeyle of which was stopped with red tape he -would have ]dce-ed open the door and saved theirlve (gear.be;ar) Had he had the care of the limejuice, lwe would without an order have disrbuted it to his countrmen before thiey were plunged in the charnel houses called hospitals t di(Hear, hear.) No doubt he had these high stime5 but is this, let me asc the House, the way in Jaich a Foreiga Seretar oght to send out a gentlUean so p. tho aUthoritb-f Enlnd, to vindicate- her wer, and to awsis; herally. Hence arese hi flt i ffl~jf¢y; becauae.51onS. knew what he was, It save rise to disputes and was certainly the cause of mwiiuh inconvenience, tbat for along time nobody coud ll exaty wrhat tis estnao rom'~ ZEnglihnish Wras who ha appeared sulddenly it B aerme i een fa st,i with'- a lin'e by your~ t .xvellesry, even with an e#khoeWkd$ment of the -xceon of my public or.ptiv%te wmunsmcations. To rue -who has served your lordship 3hr so many yea rs, Mac an avowal on my part can only be Yecorded with feellnes of deep disappointment and'ior.t- fication-feelings whic I have atudoy endeavourel to I conceal, evea from my-aie-de-camp and secretAies, because {eh successivepostw anxiously loolcedfor, inthe hope of receivng anses fromn your lordship on the presing and i3nportant ~rs connected with any3mission to thehea anr'3tsof thxe army of lEas."' Brigad~Wier ams litee' blude's to ' the Russian ladies wro 'were carried off- by- ;Schamvl from- Tiflis in the foray -ohich I hxdoretioaed. Lord Stratford's gllantryit wsecax nw -ftouched, and be wse to the comisener on tEf subject,ibut befralyavoiding, howevere, all reference to basinessa I t h to state expliitly that the chorga e cainot the asn oxtdhe s;for it maymbe that thechas cter ansd positiesef Lord Siratford do Radcliffe will1 he affected by thevoteed this Eouse. I adimit that, as we were told this mom3ing, this rust of the inqu ir s of a judicial character, and we mu;s therefore watch nthe evidenc brought forwvard wrhich assay affect the amnbassador hereafter. There- are three partiies to he regarded-thieGoverumsent, 5irst, wvhoare anppoeed to have anthority over the ainbasaadorand the com. misioner;- next the commissioner; -and lstilvthe amba ssador. The chage against the ambasaador is, tbat Brigadier Williams, who was contending against 4.complication of unwnlled 'diffculties, having addrssed no less than 54 aestches tohim on important. matters conn6eted with his duty, that imnsmovable mandid not answver a single one ot' them-in fact, took r,ot the, slightest notice of hin. After the extracts which Ibhavo read thie commissicner goes on to state alL that he wanted, all that he asked for, and all that he did stot get. Al thesewants, he says, he had detailed inpr elette nddespatches before. " With regard to theriniplermial, h sas,"Zarif MIustapha Pasha, who must, by his false muster-rolls and other dangerous dleceptions, have caused the discomfiture 'and disgrace of any British force sent to his -assistence, I leave him mn- the hands of the. alDied Governments." To this last passage I request particular attention. Several times, through bis despatches, the commissioner refers to a promo which, I supwose, had been made to him in some document which doesnot appear in this book, that a British force should be sent to his assistance, and he is anxious to guard against anything which may tend to disgrace the British troops when they arrve. The extract concludes thus- "And, having misade this appeal to your lordship in the name of Her Majesty's Govermnent, it is ny duty to state distinctly that I shall not be -able to give such intelligence. to my superiors as is absolutely necessary for them to be masters of; that I shall fail to. preserve the power which I have (unaided) seized; ind' that I shall consequently not succeed in shielding the troops from starvation without my :deraands be complied with. If they be not, the dissolution of this army and ths fate of Asia minor dwll inevitably follow, and a golden opportunity be 16st." Itis easy to see was passiir'in the mind of that able and intrepid officer, whenl he toldr lord Stratford that a golden opportunity would be lost. He w.as evidently looking forwrard to a moment whez the British Government-rightly advised and fuly comprehending their policy-would strike at Russia in Georgia through Tifls, and when every Russian soldier would be extirpated frof that province, which is the foundation of her power as against England, Persia, and Asiatic Turkey. (Hear, hear.) That letter produced no impression on our ambassador, and on the 6th of January Lord Clarendon wrote to him. I wish to state all that makes in favour of the Minister-and, when say I the Minister, I mean the PrimeMinister especially-because in the course of the explanations given when the noble lord opposite quitted office' in 1851--an explanation, by the way, which explained nothing-the noble lord the member for the city of london told us that it was the duty of the Prune Minister to read every important despatch on foreign afiibirs; therefore I assume that the noble lord has read all those despatches, and is as answerable for themas I,ord Clarendon. The Minister reliesvery much on this letter, which I am about to read.- "Her Majesty's . Government desire to receive your Excellency's observations upon the despatch of General 'Williams, which I need hardly say has been read by them with great regret, after the an5xiety they have felt, and the remonstrances which they have in vain addressed through your. ExceUency to the Po*te, respecting the, unfortunate army at Eats.- - ",As an instance of the disrespect shown to BrigadierGeneral Wiliams by the Turkish militar authorities, J transmit to your Excellency the cover of a letter addressed to him, which he has seutto this office. " Such is the conduct of Shukri Pasha, the man just sent from Constantinople to take the command at Xars, and who, if he had not positive instructions to treat General Wiliams with contempt, can have had none to show him respect, although your Excellency announced on the 15th of November last that he was to have the rank of Ferik in the Turkish service. " But Her Majesty's Goverment wiU no longer endure to be trifled with, and they are determined that if the Turkish Government still persist in treacherou sly disregarding the Sultan's interests the Turkish officers shal, at all events, not insult the Queen's Commissioner; and your ExcelUency is instructed to demand the immediate dismissal of the Pereon who gave orders that General WllUiams should be thus unbecompgly addressed." On this last point Commissioner Williams was mnistaken, because any one iho has read the translation of the titles by which he was, addressed on the occasion in question must admit that they are not oF?en to the complaint which Brigadier Williams made. I behieve, howsever, that he is as simple and unaffected' a man as can he met with, and itis only so far as his .office is concerned that ho wlould have complained of not having received all the titles which he thought were his due. This may be said to be the onlv point in the p part of the correspondence in which our ambassa or got the better of the commissioner. Lord Clarendon concludes by saying . " Your Excellency wril also transmit to me a copy of your applicationto the Turkish Government for the official recognition of General Williams when he wrent to liars, cud of the answer which you recwived; and you will also demand, if you have not yet got it, a copy of the instruction that was sent by the Porte. "Your Excellency will understand that Her Majest' Government require to be furnished with a full and detailed report of every thingwhich has passed between Her Majesty's Embassy and the Porte respecting the army at Kars, in compliance with the instructions that so frequently, but in vain, have been addressed to your REcellency." I request the attention of the House to this point. Here is the IForeign Secretary stating, that an ambassador who is bound to obey him has systematically disobeyed his directions and has evaded his instructions, and that it was a vain attempt for him-the Secretary of Stateio prevail upon the ambassador to pay respect to the directions of the Sovereign speaking by his mouth. That is a statement which, I think-, affects the Governmeikt more than the ambassador, and will give us an 'opportunity of investigating the constitutional question as soon as Ihave read one or two sentences from this extiaordinary document. I find that before lord Stratford de Redeliffe condescended to write to Commissioner Wiliams he made his defence to the Foreign Secretary with respect to the first-and, I must say, merciful-charge brought against lim, thatheneglected to return an answer to anyone of 54 despatches addressedto him by Colonel WiUianis. His defence is this:- "`Constantinople, Dec. 28,1854. "My Lord,-I think myself entitled to remark on the hasty manner in which Colonel Williams has allowed himself to suppose that I have neglected the important in. terests committed to his charge." Ihe " hasty manner P" Why, his lordship must be the most plegmatic man in Turkey. (A laugh.) I understand that ewantedto answer all. the despatches of Commissioner Williams at the conclusion of the war-in the lump, as it were-reserving his general views on the manner in which the War ought to have been conducted, and what should have been doue at Kars until Kars had been taken, Erzeroum in the possession of the Russians, and peace concluded on terms satisfactory to the two great Emperors who would' have been' engaged in the -concoction of that important document. The ambassador continues:- 1 - " Because he did not hear from me as soon or as frequently as he expected, he rushed to the conclusion that I gave him no support; and under this inconsiderate impression le has made a deliberate appeal to your lordship and 'Lord Raglan." It is plain from this passage that all the documents were sent to Lord Raglan; it is plain that that admirable person wrote his opinion upon the transactions to which 'they referred, and it is plain that his despatches have been. sup:pressed. (Hear.) Lord Stratford proceeds to say -' " These circumstances do not in the least degree warp my judgment as to Colonel Williams's excellent intentions and zealous exertions on behalf of the army at Kars, nor am I at aU 'inclined"- And herefollows'a sneer at Colonel Williams- - "To depreciate the somewhatvoluminous correspondence which. contains the' esults Of his researches and remon- He then reminds' the Foreign^ Secretary of the important :steps he took td induce the Tu±ldsun M;Aters to correct the abuses denounced'by',the -English commnissioner, said calls attention to a set of queries- which he addressed to a person who isstyled, 'I think, a Count-Count PisSni-andwho -lives in Constantinople. Let me-say a word-or--twio upon this gentleman,. Lord 'Stratford -de' Redcliffe, who- is a remarkably clever man, when he -wished to make his defence, addressed'a'series of queries to-Count Pisani.. The Convenient count answered allthe queries in a manner perfectly saiFfactocy toorr 'aumbassador. - His lordship then delivered the queries -and treplies to-our Boreign Seeretas lobe laid before the Government; but Imust 'saythattour-Foreign Secetry~ is'a very innocent man if he believes nine-tenths of what is stated by Count Pisani. (A^ laugh.) I want to know how it 'came to pass that Couxnt Pisani was employed infthis business At aIll 9(HIear, hear.)*- Er. LABOUMCE -He is the dragoman attattaed to 'the embas. Mr. -WMITESIDE.-I know he is, but that is no answer to my question, .W heni Lord Stratford w ats to get y tking done he goes 'hirnself, and his great influence over - comes all obstacles; -but whenever. he wishes a thing not to be dtone he sends Count'Pisani.. (Cheers and laughter.) The count, I understand,- upon such an oecasion trembles at th6 verysight of the Fsssa ' riaiuisayswhatthe -thinks fit to the Pasha, and the Pal does. the same to Pisani. The count then hurries home to Iord Stratford; and tells. him that t he Pasha'will do n-tDing. " Put that down,". says .ord S"atford, and down-it goes in g curious reord kept by PIsaniforsubsequent use.t ap,pea s to me thateonscious f egu3lt--ousci6us thht ah,4l called -to acount, by' Piament, if Paramen s understoo d ina wjll;n to' perform its dAuty-or ambaaedor -took -hews ec tion irom 'the fir to ?prepaire for Isis4 defenee. H conduct iRsinindaine of what Io46'h4jamanj 'ay,i&- ry reNamilcalLIe' trial (or oman-rder. - euio ledavdasgin e led' eetiija the placew vhere the h conspiac wa ' ted. "Wht adny'sd Tt,si inqir th* cgssfiiel, ." wBenat- h me- -to' a& eiic" 'aas te -eply' Soisihee througlh-thee isrm.stolify of' eaai was layng th& founaonspihics ef his Use very inomelatlde aj,.% ,doing that wbjgE} h kii eF w~l4bc brought;atn peHiOdt;ga t ge-'ggaint lsm. I bare' been told by the ig.htaet geutlemnal opposite-that Pisni is dragoxantothe eatzb. Elow is be paid?z I do not objeot to the payment 'oE ey person engeged in thes iscsvce of the country, becausYe evvxv public servant ghould'be liberally remunerated but let the House -leek at the staff. atOConstantinople. lis, is the amba sador himself; secr- tary oP emlbassy; nect. Mr. .Aisen, Oriental secre-$ tary ; and lastly, the following attach6e:-O. W. L.i Russell, W. Doria, P.. E2 -F. W. Smythe; T. F. - Hughes,- E. C.' G. `Mutray, and IX 3-oore. All these- persons- but one are well paid. Whatare! they paid for ?-Isit for runningup and down the coahtry enjoy. I ing that delightful scenerya'- Can nobody be trusted- to! transact'the business of the enibassy but & lovantine colUt7 l One would imagine that, if our a;mbassadorwished anything I important towbe done, he would-send one oHfthesegentlemen j to do it; but, no - for eom6 inscintable- reasons they arem passed over,- and the services; of the count are pre!er.rd. rerhap -who can tell5-'Lord, Stratford de Redeliffe does' not speak to any one of his secretaries or attachis, who, being7English-gentlemen ma:y not be as.ready as-Pisani to. return:pleasant answers to his iueries. ("HIear, hear," and' a laugh.) But I may remind the Colonal Secretary that threegentlemenare'paidbythefState becausetheyunderstand the TurJdsh langaage, because they may be depenided urn, and because the important interests of England in the Et: should not be intrusted to a Greek, who is certainly not a man-in whom reliance could be placed in a war between Russia-and Turkey. (Hear, hear.) With these observations I may leave Pisani, whose statements I am not di'osed to. credit, and proceed with the despatch of. our smnassador.1 After the passages I have quoted, and some mnore to the same effect., Lord 'Stratford begins to moralize. This desbatch is, I understand, much relied upon by the friends of Lord Stratford, and it is certainly a curiosity in its .wayi He says:- " But the well-known proverb which contrasts the -facil lity of bringing a horse to water with the impossibility of forcing biuto drink is no'less true at Constantineletha in London or Paris. Unfortunately, too, the horses whosd reluctance I have to overcome are not without circumstances to excuse, though inot entirelytojustify, the slowness of the;i oace." Then comes an allusion to a matter wlhich i&mentioned in many other parts of the blue-book-the want of funds. That seems to be a faundamental difficulty; it is one of considerable force, and Lord Stratford is entitled to all the benefit of it. He informs Lord Clarendon that- "Winter, distauce, roads scarcely passable, want of funds, -te extent of evil to be cured, the scarcity of trustworthy offficers, the greater intrest of operations elsewhere, the illness of Ismail Pabsh-all these causes of diffi. culty, and others which might be enumerated, have concurred to produce hesitation ad delay. I regret the existence of such obstacles, andlilame the Turkish l3inisters for not surmounting them with more activity. But can I wonder " With great ability and truth Lord Stratford thus answers his own question:- " No?t Corruption, ignorance, prejudice, waut of public spirit, and the instincts of selfishness engender the same consequences wherever they prevail in long habitual exuaberance. Such cankers, wide-spreading and deep-rooted, have ever been the harbingers and instruments of ruin, except in those few and favoured States-whEere public opinion proclaimns the danger and suggests the remedy in time. Has England itself been always without a taint? Have we never heard of Bacon or of Marlborough ? Have we forgotten the memoirs of Pepys, the proftigacies of his day, and the one claim of an exiled Sovereign to the gratitude of his country ? Are not the denunciations of Burke still ringing in our ears ? Place, time, and circumstances vary altogether, but the disease differs only in degree. In Turkey it has reached the sta'ge of extreme virulence; in Christendom, generally, it is in abeyance, or shows itself only under mild forms; in Russia it mingles with the system of administration, and would, no doubt, fulfil its mission -there, as else'vhere, if the power and energy of Government did not maintain a counteracting vitality." The noble writer alludes to "-public opinion." Does he think thatpublic- opinion is respected inacountrywhereconduct such as he himself pursues can with safety be passel over-unnoticed by the Government? (Cheers.) Wel may ie talk of public opinion if the acts that he himself does in violation, at enunparalleled crisis, of his manifest duty can be covered or defended by the Government that maintains him in an offlce for which he has proved himself so wholly unat (Cheers.) What is the meaning of his moralizing oa Lord Bacon? Are we to read all he tells us of Marlborough? It is gratifying to find that our ambassador, amid his severer studies, fails not to cultivate the lighter graces of literature; but, while dilating on the infirmities and vices of Bacon and Marlborough, he affords in his own person the very beat proof that great talents may be accompanied with vices that obscure them, and great knowledgc with infirmities that destroy its use. (Hlear, hear.? lNow, is our amibassador to be p raised for his style of wrting oa matters of business? (Hear, hear.) Lordl Clarendon did not want to hear of the character of Baicon-that wisest, brightest, and meanest of muankind-and could read Pepys himself without being requested to do so from Constantinople; while I think our ambassador may leave Marlborouh to ilacaulay, who will take care of him. (A laugh.) But at last Lord Stratford condesceids to notice the charge against him, and in reply gives an excuse the most curious ever recorded in the archives of the Foreign-office. He says:- " It remains for me to say a -word respecting my silence towards Colonel Wiliams. It has, in truth, continued. longerthan-I intended. It originated in my anxiety not to occasion disappointment by announcing measures which might or might not be carried into effect. I knew that duringthe winterseason little, comparatively, could be done;and I preferred, under the pressure of business -flowing in abundantly from other sources, to give my cor espondent an answver in full, rathar than keep upsa succession of partial conimunications. To this may be added the total want of uunctuality with which of late the packets for Trebizonde have left Constontinoplc. It has happened more than once that the opportunuity was not brought to my knowvledge' till within an hour or tw-o of the vessel's departure. Thus to the motive for not making preparation was added the difficulty of 'writing at the moment for vant of time." Every word that the noble lord writes is inconsistent with something that he has written before. Sometimes his silence is designed; sometimes it is accidental ; but the pith and marrow now are, 'I never answered your communication before, because I did not wish to disappoint youwhen all is over you shall have an answer in fulL" That is a modeof transactingbusiness, permitme tosay, which no amount oftalent-andI do not deny that Lord Stratford has muchtalent-andno length of public service-and I donotidenythat Lord Stratford's public servicehas been considerable-can justify or palliate. (Hear.) And I-ask, if this system isto be carried into other branches of the public service, what willU- become of this great empire ? (Cheers.) On the 11th of January, 1855, the Earl of Clarendon answers that document. - He says that the defence of Lord Stratford has received the careful consideration of Her Majesty's Government; and, after justly remarldng upon the inadequacy of the steps which have been taken, he says:- " But this is all that has been done for the relief of the army, notwithstanding the repeated and urgent-remonstrances of Her MIajesty's Govermment, which are of a date long anterior to the departure of General Williams from this country." He ontinues: '- "General Williams was in a position of great difficulty and responsibility, surrounded by traitors and robbers, with' whose occunations he was bound to interfere, and he stood in need of all the sanpport and encouragement that Her Majestys servants could afford himi." Be then says that he has answered all General William's despatches, and has had great satisfaction in 'conveying to that offlicer the entire approval of the Government; end he concludes: "Her Majesty's Government, therefore, cannot but re. gret the silence observed by your Excellency towards General WllDiams, and they can well understand the discouragement and mortification he must have felt at receiving no acknowledgement of his 54 despatches, accompanied by private letters; for he looked to your Excellency as his natural protector, and must have weul known thatthegreat, the deservedly great, influence of your Excellency must be more powerful on the spot than any Her Majesty's Gove*nmnent could exercise to save him andthe Turkish army from the consequences of that corruption, ignorance, pre-judice, and want of public spirit which your flxceliency;so well describes, and thieproofs of which are in every directica unfortunately hut too apparent.".- ow, I admit in' the most unequivocal manner,.on the part of the Foreign Secretary, 'that he has foly discovered the miscondu'ct of rordStratford de Piedchffe. I admit that he has been made aware of Lord Stratford's defaults. I admit further, in fairnes to him,- that he has expressed himself in a manner hi-bly creditable to Lord Clarendon as a privAte entleman but,as I shall contend in a'moment, fatalto hi as an English statesman- (hear, hear) ;-because I- rely upon the very,-fact -stated in that document, that L:rd Stratford's conduct had nearly rained an, army, to siustain one porEti of the- argumients involved in mnr motion. But this is the last of the letters written by -Lord- Clarendon -irn censure of Lord Stratford 'do Heddliffe. General Williams, however, did not submit; to that mode bf being disposed of by 'the ambassador, and I now begto draw the attention of the House totwo letters from General-Williams, a sentence iu oneof vhich is the foundation of the view which I would respectfully submit to the House on this Important question. Lord 6arendon having sent to General Williams the defence of Lord Stratford!de Redeiffe, G'eneral Williams writes this despatch, received January1o, 1855 z :"'Your lordship vill be informed, through the copy of my despatch' to Viscount Stratford de ltedchffe, inclosed in mine of the 8th of December- addressed to your lordship; of the slence and disregard with which his E,xcellency has been pleased to treat my despatches and pr.Iivatecomuni cationsrelativetotheaffairsofthe army, to -which I ama accredited, as commissioner, by Her Majesty's Government. Under these extraordinary; I may say unprecedented,- cir - cumstances, it behoves me to demonstrate to your lordship that Ihave not failed in my duty, either towards Her Majesty'sGovernment, or to his Excellency the Ambassador, with whom I was instructed to place myself in communication.: * st. Before I landed at Constantinople I sent Her Wajesty's Ambassador a copy of your lordshi ' instructions tome, and afterwards had the honour .of four - interview.s with his Excaelleny, in which, among other things,- Inentioned, the precise words of 'he Deke of Newcastle (addressed to me in my interview the day prior to. my departure from London), on the,importance his grace attached to the dutiesof my-mission-i that it was second only as to the prbsecution of this war.. 2d. On the receipt of -my. -)n4ructions from General Lord Ralan,. which 1reated me after niy return from Yarns, I enlose6d acopy o-them to Her MajestWs Ambassador, accoropanied by a bptch, i copy- of-which Ibeg toencose herewith for your l sri inisinformation.- A copy of- this was also sent to, GenralLord Ragla as an enclosure in the deptch which ackn owedged the receipt of his lordship's instructions. :- 3: 'Imadejageneral appeto Viscount Stratford de Redliffe for his 'eountenance 'and support,' written from Erzeroum onulny to' thecamp at ars. I new beg to forward, for your Iordsbip ' information, a coPy of' my second ' and' special one. -In order to redouble the zeal of Mustafa Pasha: aid i;nin Bey, I told theL tbAt I Wiad broug1t tbeir con- duct.o the kcnwleapt of the Porte, through the British Ambassador, and 1keld out the, hope of rewar.L Had that I recompense follbored my solicitation, it would- have -been! Imovwuto every officer in the army, and incalculable iesults vould have followed. Having thus performed a dutywhich I think imperatively incumbent.on me, I shall for the present abstain from any remarks, save that of announcing the axrival of another post from Constantinople, without a line, public orprivate, from Viscount Stratford de Redeliffe, although-I have addressed 62 identic or special despatches, and many private letters bearing on public affirs, to his excellency." . - - The House will observe that the charge obtains fresh force from the statements in that letter ;.for, inthe first place, it appears thatthere aye 62 despatches uinans*ered asicd, in t he second place, itappers that, upon a particular occasio, if a small recompense bda been mede by the ambassadoi to msitafa Pashi anad Emin Bey incalculable results. would have-followvd to the Turkish army.. (Hear.] On the21st of January, 1855, Lord Stratfordconcocts an elaborate defence which he addresses to Lord Clarendon, in which he falls back upon that trifling matter of the'superscription of a despatch and the title of Colonel Williamsr and dwells -a good deal upon a mistake w-hich a man is likyeenough to mae who is unacquainted witihthe language. Then he says-probably truly enough-tathaving an- army on the Damnbe and another in the Crimea, the -Sultan's revenne is altogether -i nadequate to the support of a third army. He makces that point, and it seems, a rational one. Fe then says that General Willianms has been raised to the rank of Ferik; but the date of that appointment isallimportant. Lord Stratford was early instructed to obtain for General Williams some rank which should give him an intelligibleposition and influence with the army at Erzeroum. It sopears that that* was not done-or, at least, that it was done in an absurd manner. In November the diploma was being made out; in Deoember somethig was doing; but Commissioner Williams indignantly records that that doeument did not reach him till the 25th of January, 1855. (Hear, hear.) Again, I find General Williams, on the 15th Jannr,. 1855, in a despatch which was received by Lord Clarendon on the 7th of February,expressing his disappointment that the expectations which he had founded on the promises of Lord Stratford de Redeliffe were not fulfed, and he adds:- "It is my bounderi duty to canl the attention of your lordship to these grave circumstances, and to state the extremnedangerr'hich such a state of things engenders; half of one precious month has slipped from us, mid has broug¢ht with it the fruits of either an ndiference on the part of the authonities of Constantinepl to my rarious unanswhered representations, or a signal want of influence to enforce them." I fmnd, likedise, thateon the1thofJanuary he repeats the necessitt that there is for paying the troOin, and he enumerates the difficulties under which he *abours-want of clothes, want of arms, want of shoes, and want of money. 1 find that thiis submitted to the Minister of War, and the first thig that the Minister of War does in referencepto the war in Asia Moiner is this :-On the 26th of Februar he o mmunicates this importsnt opinion to General ofh lhams . "tlord Panmure is of opinion that it will be impossible for him (General Williams) to do any good, unless he is allowed more discretion in organizing the army of Ears." (A laugh.) That is the resuilt of the deliberations of thre head of the War Department. (Laughter.) This extraordinary dispute or discussion between the ambassador and the commissioner is brought to a close by the two documents which reached Lord Claresidon on the same day-one from Lord Stratford de Redeliffo and the other from General Williams, for it is a singular circumstance that both those despatches arrived on the 1st of March, 1855- The despatch of Lord Stratford is a very elaborate document. In it he puts forward all the case that he could make forhimself as against the Government, Commissioner Williams, and the indefinite character of the commission under which General Williams had acted, and ho calls upon Lord Clarendon to defLne what was thereafter to be his duty in enforcing the demands of General Wiliams at Constantinople. That is a very able and a very clever letter. It is a little artfully written, perhans, but its plrport is this:-" You sent out a gentlemanidith a commission that is not intelligible ; aU sorts of difficultieshave arisen', he has one to Ears; the Turls don't know what he is; f don't kiovw precisely what he is;.' inform me now, and tell me, for my my guidance hereafter, how I am to behave to him, and how he is to behave towards our ally Turkey; because we must have a distinct knowledge of our reciprocal position towards each other and towards the Porte." " It is not enough for me to know in general terms that Brigadier-General Williams is a military officer, instructed to act as Herhaesty's Commissionerwiththo army at Ears. It is further desirable that I should be made acquainted with the extent of his powers on the spot, with the degree to which he is independent of the commander-in-chief, and how far it is expected by Her Majesty's Government that I shaU insist on obedience to his demands, without reference to any doubts entertained of their expediency either by the Porte or by me." Lord Stratford de Redcliffe asks Lord Clarendon, " Do yon mean General Williams to be commander-in-chief, only exempt from the responsibility of taking command of the army in the field?' and he concludes the despatch very judiciously for his purpose, because he gives a delicate hint to Lord Clarendon in reference to the severe letters he had sent out with regard to the Government of Constantinople, in these words " We should be inconsistent with ourselves if we sought to trample down what remains of Turkish independence." I ask 31er Majesty's Government whether that despatch required an answer ? A clear, explicit, point-blank request is made by-the ambassador to the Foreign Secretary once for all to explain the relative duties and relative authority' and the extent of jurisdiction conferred on GeneralWEams, and I wvaut to know where is the answer to that commnication? (HIear, hear) I fancy the Prime Minister and Lord Clarenden must have come to the conclusion that it was inconvenient to explain directly the limits of the authority which General-Williams was to exercise, and that, as there was a very pretty quarrel between the commissioner and the ambassador, it was better to leave things asthey were, and not attempt by any effort on their part to adjust them. (Hear, hear.) On the same day, the 1st of March, arrives the startling letter to Lord Clarendon from Commissioner Williams, in which he utters these words in reference to the ambassador: - " Whether his influence 'was sufficient or otherwise to induce the- Porte to hear my warning voice, I boldly assert, as a British officer, that such an unaccountable silence was highly dangerous to the public cause. (Hear, hear.) What could' not have done in the shape of reform had even a note from Lord Stratford, and an order from the Seraskier, reached me by the return of the first Turkish post,' which was then as regular in its arrival as that etween London anld Constantinople." (Cheers.) The pith and marrow of the first p sit of our inqmry are all contained in that passage which General Williams submitted to Lord Clarendon. I suppose the House will hardly dredit me. I suppose there is hardly a rational man in the country who believe that no answer was given by Lord Clarendon- to that despatch. (Hear, hear.] There were subsequent letters fromLord Clarendon-"I beg to acknowledgo the receipt of your despatch of such and such a data ," but there was no answer defining General Williams'spowers, so that njeither party should be perplexed, andproprietyand respect for authority should be introduced into the embassy at CoDstantinople, where it seems never to have before (xisted. (Cheers.) It is an argament in favour of Lord Redeliffe, who: may say, "Iaddressed myself to you upon all the disputes and confusion in the correspondence with General Williams, and, lsvinn received no answer, my statement inthatletter must be ta-ento be authentic." (Hear.) Can this matter present itself ins amore ridiculous aspect as betw,een the Government at home andthe ambassador at Constantinople and the commissioner at Ears ? The comn-missioner said, if his authority had been recognized,1he *ould have effected incalculable reforms. Tnat is written home. The Foreign Secretary's attention is caUed to the fact, andhe neither writes to the ambassador nbr to the commissioner, but leaves them to fight it out as best they nay. (loud cheers.) There is another trenchant conimunication from General Williams in reference to one of the despatches of Lord Stratford de Redeliffe, remitted to him by Lord Clarendon. - This is the way he describes the analysis of his d'snatches forwarded to the Government by Lord Stratford de kseddulife: "It exhibits, throughout the analysis of my reports from. Ears, a marked disregard to my opinions; and a future reference to a Mushir to be appointed is the burden of this long story. In.forwarding it for your lordship's perasal I must, nevertheless, call your lordship's attention to one or two sahent ponts." And havig stated these he says- -' Unhappily it is on record that his Excellency did not do' me the honour to acknowledge my communications public or private, until fiy despatches had reachedthe numCr of GL" nm (Cheers.) Now, Sir, those despatches contain the substance of the first part of this inquiry, and before I touch upon the second branch of it! I to-ask what is the constitutional - question arising on those facts, because upon -that the House must give its opinion? *I pereve by the amendment of the then. and learned gentleman (M1r. J. G. Phillimor) that he prqposeso refer to a comxnittee to decide: whether theambassador was or wis not,. by: his silence or misconduct, the cause of thecalanity which occurred at Sara. I beg to ask the House one or two plain questions upon that point; Is the ambassador responsible to the House of Commons.? I say, " W'ea 1 (Hear, hear.) Who apointS him ? The Crown.. Who exercises authority -overm 9 ThYeMinister. Who can call him to account? The Minister. (Hear, hear.] Can w call him to account? TNo. We operate upon public servants tbough the medium of the Minister, and to call upon the House to enter upon - the consideration -of te msonduct of a publc officer is -to- ask the- louse to assurne tbe. F-xecRtve. fThe Ifouse can neitherta point . nor dismiss. We can only exercise ceontrbl by making known our oninion of a jlsniteer that -fails in the ierfoimance of duty! f a matter of groat pubic interest.- Cheers.) -How does.this.case stand? Take it as put in the strongest possble -m=anner for the Government,. !Lord Statford Redcliffe is an extraordinarily intractable and clever man. He wvas our ambassador at Constifitinople.. He failed to perform duties required of- hin, and- the Foreign Secretary cenoured him." But where, I ask, is the ambassador? He is there stilL (Cheers.) He misconducts iiniself, and therefore the Government retaini hI. It is in exactgcoisistendy with that principle of GOdveratint, latterly adopted,: which rewards a man according -to his demerits, anu, in daing defiance of public.opmioneprp.ot- bim in exact proportion to the excess of his. fault. . Some time sine we discussed the dism,issal of 3r. Eenfiedy and I well rsmcmiber the right hon. gentleman the member f or the.lUniversity of Oxford put the dismissal of Mr.. Kennedy upon this ground-not thlt -he, was a dishouourable or dishonest public sefvant, but that bhe Was intractable a4d diffi. cult to manage-a man who wraigled and dispputed ith the Secretary of- the. Treasury, -and -was not in harmony- i th tho heads - of -his dpa ent., The-agmnent used on the part of an Admrninisttion-of which`the e noble- lord the member for -Tiverton wag a member was, that vwhenanoffi-i misocoducted him elforembarraadd public business it was the duty of the Government to dismiss him,.- 2nd the Ho e haLd no zight'to question Lthe dismissa, how-' ever ardih it aught appear. Does the- Government Jostify, tha donduct of tbird titrit&& Clearly not:! Their M'u- Dlar .1t U', that his t .nductwt xa rinjstifiibldfq, an}if wd e, - ~ ~ - - ,, -,J4 lieve Geaeral'lliams, sWdangerous tothe puablicacuse. ear, beasr) If the effect of- that conduct s to prevent a descrvinr man accoupllsbing great reforms in the army il ;anaior-if that meny was dsNorganized by tho e unaccountable bebaviouer, the ap3thy, and the neglect of the ambastador, khat is tho condition of Her Manjesty's Government who still retain hio be office7 It is thorough lehquism to declare that no other man in the slan do the mat-v of ambador a onstantnmople bg t Lord Storatforyde en. cliffe; andefor the Government tosay, m " o matter hoi the rmisconducts himef, sincewe censure him therefore the Housc of Commons must acquit sas," is to nealntain that the moet marked niscbndnct of a puhblic servant, if he be in a high positioe, is certain to be screened by authority, when, in truth, thataauthority should no morde shelter the manin a bighpositionthanthehumbleet offlcidlinthecountry.(Cheto a) If this system is to be pursued, a man may he appointed the general of an army; he may refuse to obey istructions and therefore he may be continuedl in his responsible position. An admiral mybe ordered to sailto a particulr pomt; hemaygoin exactly the opposite direction* and therefore be may be allowed to retanm th command of his sieet. (" Hear, hear," and,a laugh) By such a tystem you put anoend altogetheretoeonstitutional government, and if the House of Commons wanetion it the SoOner you abandon theopricipleot exercing any authority or control over the conduct of the Executive the better. (Hear, hcar.) It is an impostmre to tal} of public opinion and not to respect it, anditis mostindefensible when men engaged in the publio servicecare guilty of a dereliction of duty to shelter I them from censure because they are persons of eminence in the State. (Hear.) What is the meaning of thc amend mnent which the hon. and -learned memxber for Leominster (Mfr. J. G. PhiDlimore) has given notsce that be intends to move 9 Is it to transfer to a committee the duties of the Executive? Why, thaf~is worse than the original proposition. IeJ HEcr Majestys Ministers defend the conduct of lord Stratford de Ifedeliffe boldly, bat, if they do not, I put it to the House wliether if is possible for any man -sho respects his own character-I was going to say his eonsceance-to maintain that the mere fact of their having censured Lord Straford exonerates thec Government fromllFresponsibilityign rcerence to this case? (Cheers.) Althoegh ambave referred to this subject, because it is inportant and has arrested public attention, let no one suppose that that is the cardinal point which I w,eish to bring under the consideration of the house. As far as I can anderstand the matter, the quarrel ended in March, f hen the parties who were bcefore at voariance commenced a correspondence. The horeign Secretaryimrotest tohe ambassador, the ambascador wrote to the commlissioner, and things went on in Asia linaor nd Constantino ple as if that deadl fe ad the recordso£ which aro preservedoin the ForeigAofdce, and have been publshed for the edification of the public (a laugh),h adcnevr existed Wefl, that pertsof theinquliry being disposed of, ws come toIa very interesting portion of our parliamentnry history. It iis impossible to anderstand the mnsconduct of which I complain, -unless we recavl to our ecollection whattook lace at the destruction of an tdministration commonly known as " Lord Aberdeen s Government." (A laugh.) Att that crisis, as the House may recollect, we ere favoured with personal explanations which were as interesting as they were iTportant. It appears, likewise, that, in another p'ace, a noble earl, remarkable for -his abilities and his thorough ltnowledge of this subject, endeavonred to convince some of Her thajesty's inisters of the necessity of attendig to the war in AsiA. Aesving knowledte, vigor, eloquence, and ability, oE c srse he failed, and he now lives to lament the fulfilment Of the prophectwhich he then uttered. ahe hon. member for Aylesbury (Mr. Layard) wa, howvever, more fortunate in this house, for he made a convert, and that -onvert was no other than the noble Iord the member for the city of London. ("Hiear," and laughter.) The hon. member for Aylesbu in the sad month of December made a speech on the subject of the wrar in Asia which wras most instructive and useful from the matters wshich his soquaintance with the subject enabled him to disclose. The noble member for the city of London said nothing on the subject that night- but it appesus that the speech of the hon. gentleman made a deep impression upon the noble lord's mind. The noble lord meditated uponit-* it produced fruits and the result was theoverthrowof Aord Aberdeen's Adfinistration. (Cheers and laughter.) The noble lord (Lord J. Russell), beingn naturally required to explain his eonduct made a -very isaportant statement with reference to the war in Asia Minor, and to the -misconduct of the A dministration of whlich he w,as himself a member. The- Duke of Newcastle was also a member of the Administration which was the subject of the noble lord's judicious and friendly exposure. (Laughter and cheering.) I will read the statement then made by the noble lord, and I intend to call upon him to-night for his vote, not on the score of party-because Iknow onthat groundhe would not give me it (a laugh)-but on a ground which will, I expect, have stronger influence with him than any party conssderations-namely, respect for his personal honour, for his consistency, for his conscience, and for his country. (Cheers.) This is the statement of the noble lord on the subject of the war in Asia Yinor -" With respect to some of these questions-with respect, for instance, to a question raised during the short sitting in December by my hote friend the member for Aylesbury (Mr. Layard)-namely, that of holding some consultation, and of making soine provis-on for the next campaign-I was not satis£fed. My hon. friend pointed out the danger that might be incurred if the Russian army were increased on the Asiatic side, and he spoke of the necessity of providing some force to meet any invasion of Russia in that quarter. That was a most important subject, and it occupied my mind very much; but I could not fidu that I received from Lord Aberdeen that support which I had hoped for -when the subject was under the consideration of the Cabinet." Nowv, wrhat does this prove s It shows, in the first place, that the noble lord was convinced of the truth ofthe arguments of the hon. member for Aylesbury. What did that hon. gentlemmn recommend ? That communications should be opened - with Schamiyl, that the mountain tribes should be excited agasist-the Russians, and that an armned force should be provided to act against the increased army which RIa would bring into the field in spring. These points were urged with great force and eloquence by the hon. gentleman. The noble lord meditated bn the subject, and we see the fruit of his meditations. He says the subjedt was important. He says also that the war in Asia Minor was brought under the consideration of Lord Aberdeen's Cabinet, but that he could make no impression upon that immovable Premier. Finding that it was mposible to move lord Aberdeen, the noble member for the city of London, like a true patriot, upset the Administration on the ground that it did not conduct the war, in Asia lMior w.ith rigou and effect ("Hear," and a laugh), and,having overthrown that Administration, the noble lord brought in a band of chosen Whigs who were to do what the previous Administration wo-uldaot do. Thatwas the course pursued by the noble lord. - I will not inquire whether he did suffient in Lord Aberdeen's Government. I was not there (a laugh), and I can only speak from the statements of the noble lord himself. I show, however, from apassage of the noble lord's speech-a passage which no eoequence can mystify or pervertb-that- an- Administration which did not attend to the war in Asia was not deserving of public confidenceanid support, and that Administration after Administration should be shattered to atoms if they did not undertake that important daty. That duty not having been performed by the Government of Lord Aberdeen, the noble member for the city of London felt bound, in the discharge of. a conscientious duty to his country, to overthrow the Administration. There is something very singular in the accoumt given by the noble lord of that Government. He seems. to have considered that the combination of the Premier, Lord Aberdeen, with -the War Minister, the Dluke of Newcastle, occasioned all the difficulty (a laugh), because if we had a good War Minister and a bad Prime Minister, or a good Prime Minister and a )bad War Minister, public affairs might be successfully conducted, but with the conjunction of two bad Ministers that -was absolutely impossible. (Cheers and laughter.) Yay, the noble lord eushed the agument to this singular extent-he says, if the fiery spirit of the noble member for Tiverton (Lord Palmerston), in the capacity of War Minister, had been added to the rigid nature of the Earl of Aberdeen, the zaixture would have been a goodone. (Laughter and cheering.) The noble lord illustrated his meaningbyhistoricreferenceswithwhichhisrichly cultivated mind enableshimtosupplyhimself, andthus toenlivenourdebates. Why, if Lord Chatham had been in the place of LordNorth we should not hav made the conquest of Canada; and if LordNorthhadbeen-in-the-place of Lord Cbatham, we should not have had to lament the capitulation of Saratoga. Who is Lord North? -We -can guess (loud laughter); but the modem Chatham is now before us (renewed laughter and cheers)-he who is to exalt the nation to -the height of glory, to terrify the enemies of. England by his name, and, like his immortal predecessor, to make his influencefelt wherever war rages in every quarter of the globe. (Cheers and laughten) The f'atterers of the noble lord (Lord Palmerston) say that he succeeded to his position at a time of great difficulty. That is- true, bau such was llis-ambition. ("Hear' and a laugh.) Times of calamity and confusion preduco the greatest mnnds. It is then.that the genius of the statesmnan shines conspicuous amid the general gloom, as lightaing isfost brilliant in contrast -with the dsriest " clouds. The noble menberforlondon, however, only -wanted: one great = rlnister, -blt he got two (much laughter)-a Prime Miniter of gener and a War Minister of. urjprisn geniusy (Laughter.) let us inquire whether their action has been, equal to their ability, and then Irvll ask the noble lord (Lord J. Russell) whetherhis splendid illusion-is not dispbled (a laugh), and whether, with reference to the kentiments he expressed on the occasion to which I ha ve ferrid-if thehwar in Asia does not appear to have-been conductedwith due energy and vigourhe can, as a conscientiousman, vote against the resolution I am about to submit to the House. Cheers and laughter.) Now, Sir, to business. (A laugh.). The quarrelis ended, the ambassador is in good temper, tbeForeign Secretaryishappy, the -Mlinistry is changed, Lord Panmure is at the War De. nartineut. and General Williamns is where ho was before.- at Eraer6m, and i , as usual, witing to the gentlemen who reeived his despatches, blat w ho seldom condescended to notice them. ("Hear," and a laugh) Now comes a subject all important to-ourmnquiry- Un the 5th of March a letter was -writtea by.Brigadier Wiliams to Lord Clarendon. This is an impernt document, which describes the state of the army, and- the future prospects of the campaign, and which ought, therefore, if thc Minister was disposed to do anything, to - have put him in motion. The despatch was as follows:-.- e _ I - V-33rzerqum, March 5,1855. bad'a long conference -with the Mushir on Saturday mlant andthe numenal strengmth of .the army under his comjnind, the ery. extended line of. defence occupied -by that a thy e and the -ere esentatifnis he was abont to make to the Porte on.ther e subjects. The -sariou detachnients of this armyamonfit on pa_erto-30,000 men, hIthis Excellency agreedwithm splacing 20,000 effective-men of all arms pposiite fo thktnuniber. -The lines of defence extending from rdahan toKars, nid, thence to Baghisman, Topras Kaheb Ffch-i eliia, andBiyazid,present a distance sogreat, whezfcomfared with ,the fores under his cotmond,s to, lead Vs iLPasha tofesr, t iias the event of an offensive zmovement en .the part of the Rwussians from Akhirkdele, Gusnxi,wud~ Eriv,.n, itnv oill be impssble to reain theI ground whlchithe detaihmests6of his rnyfnosr hold; In thiis - opiiiion I fullly: agree with his Exsiileney, - mny y-jzOnS report tetiy [ do hoet see these- reports amonog tba papers.] I, howevet,- told the- husbir tihat I ihought the allies would not leave us without- mater.il ass stance to bear the brunt of such ani attack; but he a - plied by assertmg an opinion formed from a conversation he recentlyhadheld withpersonagesof highnank at Constantinople-that he couldexpectno asistance from theaJlie5 till the fall of Sebastopol, and that he should conaequeiily Write by this post to demand a strong And prompt reinfofeiementof infantryand eLavlry, anabesged me to supportits demand by sa appeal to er jees ambaador and the British Government. Being, of courra, ighorant of the combinations contemplated by the allies foi- the defenoeof tbis important frontier, I cannot offer an opinion as to t,he number of Turkish troops desirable for tiL servricoe [G[erks ral Williams here s:hows himwelf to b a very innoco,nt si well as brave man, for he seems to have setiously -bieiti that our Government were really contempltitg soine Co n- bination for the defenco of 'he Asiatic fron6iier of VTurke I-; butifweareto depend on the unaided servic sof Buch . xo Icannot estiate the prompt reInforcement tid Trebionide under 15,000 infantry, 3,000 cavalry, and 2,000 artile, men (barely enough to man all the gus at our compaac Man these resions). Unfortunately, these -discussions are, niow taking placem March, instead of December of thepatyear; my warning voice having been utterly disregarded by the aLuthorities at-Constantinople." This is st very important despatch, and it proves that dbe lines were far too extensive to be held by the arinytben in Asiatic Turkey; and that some other force, l2urlosh or allied- was indispensable. It is a'docunrent-which. aliit have `com;nded the attention of any limEt&Xwhopyo. fessed to have at heart the right condauct of thewar-A duty the most. important, as the noble lord the. memberilor London said, which could occupythemind of a Gove:mn ment. Another personage now appears upon the sceie, and I should be very sorry to overlook {he part that he played. Lord Wodehouse, the Under-Secsetaryfor-Foretn Alirs, is called into activity, and on the 29th of March he writes-.M Foreign-office, March 29, 1855, "Sir,-I am directed'oy the Eal of Clarendon to transmit to you to be laid before the Secretary of State for ilbe War Department, copy of a despateb from Brigadier.. General WVilliams respecting the reinforcements required forthe Turkcish army at }hs." o TheMiniatertookfrom the 29th of 31archto the 12th of. April to answer that letter, a period in whicL he niight have gone out to Constantinople and with his own eyes seen what what was requisite to be doxie. But when he took up his pen, with the existence of an empire at stake, wiat didhe write? Mr.P leel, on the 19th of April, in reply to lord 'Wodehouse, says:-- - "Mhy- Lord,-}laving laid before Ilord Panmure:y.erletter of th.e 29th Slt., with the eopy therein enclosed of a : despatch from Brigadier-General Williams, relative to ithe aLmount of reinforcements which he considers are recaiied for the Turkish army in Asia, I am directed to reuueat yooL will state to the Earl of Clarendon that Lord Panmijure is of opinion that it will be desirable to erge upon the Porte 1i,e importance of their paying attention to these requirements. whenever the more pressng reed of the services of iihe Ottoman troops elsewhere shall have ceased (laughter); and, if Lord Clarendon should concur with his lordship that it is ex-pedient to adopt this course, I am to request. that you vill move his lordship to send instructions toHer Majesty's ambassador at Constantinople accordingly." (Iaughter.) This is a most charming production, and I cannot help thinking that when 2ir. MZfacaulay -was. describing Louis XIV'a War Minister, vho sketched& plans of campaigns, controlled commanders, and wasthe greatest comnmisr-general, he miust have had my Lord Panmure in his eye. (Laughter.) The, scope of this important State paper, as far as I can. make it out, is that Lord Panllre would suggest to Lord Clarendon that Lord Wodehouse shouald be instructed todirect Lord Stratford to advise the Turkish Government totell the Mushir to pay attention to General WiDliams's recommendations. (Lenudlaughter.) Thisfrtile, absurd, and childish performance is the work of the modem Chatham who supplanted the man whom the noble lord the memberfor London insisted on displacing for his want of vigour in. the vrosecution of the war ! Any maa might well shudderto think of a great nation like England being represented in the crisis of its fate by the author of such a miserable despatch. (Cheers.) Then Lord Clarendon comes to 1herescue to carry out the design recommended to him by theUnder-Secretary for War, and in his letter to Lord Stratford. he says :-- " Foreign-office, April 13, 155. "My Iord,-I communicated to the Secretary of State. for the War Department a copy of General Williass'sdespatch of the 5th of lUarch, which will have pasecl through your Excellency's bands, and in which Gene.al Williams calls attention to the reinforcements required by the Turkish army in Asia; and I now enclose a copy of a- letter from the War Department from which yon will perceive that Her Majesty's Government consider it desirablethat your Excellency should urge apon the Porte the inportance of their paying attention to the requirementamentioned by General Williams, whenever the more pressng need of the services of the Ottoman troops elsewhere shalL have ceased." This was the despatch written when a hostile army was on the point of seizing the key of Asiatic Turkey, and them marching on Constantinople. I know nut whether M. Pi-anr or our ambassador communicated the contents of this de-- spatch to the Ports. On the 26th of April M. Pisaii wroteto Lord Stratford:- "IPera, April 20, 1S55. "I have duly communicated to the Grand Vizier, Saffet, Effendi, and the Seraskier Pasha, Lord Clarendon's despateh of the 13th of April to your Excellency, relative to the army of Asia, &c. These Ministers told me, in reply, that theywere all aware of the urgency of reinforcing that army, and:. their commanders repeatedly recommended that measare; but it is Utterly impossible, at least for the present, to-- spare any of the troops in actual service on the Danube-and. in the Crimea." With. great labour and at much expense to the country these. despatches were concocted, and when they were delivered, the Seraskier replied, " Oh, we know all this as well as you -if we had an army of our own we should not wVant yoU as' au ally, nor if we had a full treasury should we ask you for-money P (Cheers.) I am aware it is not possible for a. great man to do great things every day of his life; aIdc mowonder that, exhausted by this last stupendous eflbrt, ourWar Minister soon relapsed into an official slumber (laughter), until, unfortuniately,he awakenedintomischievous activity in the month of July following. I have hearid it. said that there are members of this FHouse who are prepared to vote that "energy and foresight' in this matterhave been displayed by theWar Department of Engh ud ! But I will not believe it until I see it recorded on the division list. Let me warnhon. gentlemen that iS is of little= moment what becomes of a Ministry, but of the last consequencewhatbecomesof th character of thisRouse. (Cheerm; If abody of Englihsgentlemen, the represertatives of. the people, who have sacrificed their blood and their treasure in a great struggle, are ofopinionthat whenf6urlPritishofflicers are enclosed in 'X;ars and 'Erzeromn, heroically fighting their country's battles, a document such as I lave. read acquits the inister of all responsibility for the dis-- aster which occurred, then I say, talk no mnore of. constitutional Government, but give us institutions consistent. with national safety, anid with the primary ends of State policy. (Cheers.) Compared with the War Minister, wheevinced such signal imbecility, I say that the man whom the. noble lord the member for London overthrew was an intellectual giant. (Cheers.) The first thing done byLord Panmnure on entering office deserves mention. General Chesney early in August, had sent in to the Duke of Fev, castle a plaLn for carrying on the war in Asin. The main purpose of Colonel Chemneys suggestions wtas to. point out what was afterwzards indicat'ed by OmaPr]asha anrL many others, that a force landed at Batoum would not only save Asia Minor, but uproot Russian power in Georgia. UIpto this time Colonel Chesney had never had the honour of speaking with the Duke of lewastle. lrHe sa`w himsef gazetted to the command of the Foreign Legion, andreoceived a letter from the Secretary of the Drke, intimatihu, that, if he. were familia with foreign bengec he should lose no time in comtng to London, aet accenting the appotment. These orders hr. obeyed wital chaincteristic promptitude. Hle came up to lomndon too]r the comad of the Legion, and continued fora fortnightusthe edischarge of the dutis inciiental to that position. The appointhuent was aX gooad one-no better could have been). made. Throughout the lengt and breadthofthe eritish empirethereasonot a military officer etter qulified fer the post. 1co man could be more compettet than he to give. advice at such a juncture, for he was familiar wthal -the country to chich the legion was proceeding-hoknewr everything about its military establichnaent, anid bad. predicted that in case. of war the ordnance system pould probably break dosen. But hehad not been more than a fevday sin office when he received a letter frorn the secretary Iof Lord Panmure, informing bins that, inasmuch as that. noble lord found it unpossible to carry out thce views of hi; Iredecessor, the commrnd must be withdrawvnfrom him. ;o this gallant and accomplished officer was dismissed a; abrunotly and uncerimoniously as if be hald beau a footman. Hear, hear.) And t-hisfor nO otherFreasonthanfthe varue and untangible one that Lord I'anmuro foundf It cmpossibue to carry out the 'iews of his predecessor. Viewingj his fact in coneneion with others which this stsd story brings to light, I find it imnpossible~ to avoid the conviction that, from first to lastl, it was the deliberate purpos-e of Lord Pan'iure notia any way to contribute to the prosection of the war in Asia Minor. I donot say this with the intention of disparaginghiim, but such is my conviction. Oanthe loth of lhlay Ge neral Williams wvrote to the Earl of Glarendonbo say~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~- .J'r ;oLs.n *"I regret to inform your lordship of the continuued neglect at Coustahtinople of my requisitions ibr boots and other necessaries, for the cavalry these unfortiunate men are now even destitute of slippers,'aud a' staff officer informed me yesterday that he han met the regibnents coming into line at Toprak-KSaleh, from Koordistan,F the greater portion of the men ridinginstockings! (Hear, hear.) The requisitions for the infantry have -met withi -ernal-isre- :gairL Tahir Pasha informnd me yesterday ibat no-knap- saeks and otner indispeble necessaries had reached the I army; and this branch of .the army must march with a noatineonvenient bag on their backs, with whicl-they cannot Ifight. (ear, hear.) beg to advis'the 'immediate eeditionof 300 artillerymen'and a regiment of infantry to, -Trezibond, .to march -vithout delay on this placee, it would inspire our troopswith nolittleconfidence to know that this army wa not toI yforgotnbe the I perialGovermuent." On thel7thof Ap ffGeneral Wlliamsagainraised hiswrnangvoice6 and informed Lord- Clarendon; that hlis latest re- prrts from Gumri repreented th Russian as prepin or tecamepa guand that intelhlgence racently received led hm o lievethat the enemy would agAin advance on Bayzad. He enclosed plans and skefhesfor the defence of Ds, 'Whiclh are iao doubt c efully preserved in the War J)epartn,ezit, but-up to that date nothing s done 'f the r-elief of thhe fortres, 'This neglsctsemalth oTinz -coTutable, all the more culpable, when it is borne in min that Colonel Iak,, writing to. General -Wiliawi OKIthe Nthlv -a April, made out a case which shouldavch sufficed to sWwaken the enthusiascm of the.iosd therpiad and tourge the 'mot listless to actioii. '"l- think 'I may say," he- siars, ~'that-with an efficient force and-a godsplf sannnua - tn,iwhch it is ,very defliciati7Ax wil.be- able to resis anyattak ta could be moade a"s.idnst- -it."p st~ inducm tt.afford thie . sig4st a5d required,
Tim MTRoro TAx TnEAmPs.-At 3 o'clock on Saturday afternoon a meeting was held of the lessees and managers of the London theatres, to take into consideration the position in which the various metropolitan theatres would be placed with reference to the general rejoicings and public entertainments which will take place in consequence of the conclusion of peace. There were presentMr. Benjamin Webster, of the Adelphi - M1r. Buc}stone, oFthe Haymarket; Mr. Cooke, of AstleyVs; IYiessrs. Shepherd and Creswick, of the Surrey; Messrs. Johnson and Nelson Lee, of the City of London; Mi. Towers, of the Victoria; Mr. Conquest, of the Grecian; Mr. Payne, of the Strand; Mr. Lane, of the Britannia; Mr. James, of the Queen's; Mr. A, Wigan, of the OlymDic; and Mir. E. T. Smith, of Drury-lane. In the course of a very animated and earnest conversation which took place on the subject it as suggested and. coincided in by all the gentlemen present that the greatattraction of the fireworks in the parks would cause the assemblage of a vast concourse of persons in them-possibly more than had ever before congregated, and vould entirely draw away the audiences from the various theatres-no matter what attractions were offered. If nothing were done by the Government on the subject, it was stated to be the intention of the lessees present, representing the wiole of the i London theatres, except the Princess's, to close their establishments on the evening in question. This they regarded as a necessary, though very objectionable and disrespectfal step to take,-objectionable, for it would deprive some 4,000 or 5,000 persons, who depended on the theatres en- I tirely for support, of emuployment; and disrespectful, inasmuch as, being the celebration of Her Majesty's birthday, the lessees present stated they were anxious to present extra attractions to their audiences on that account, and to take part in the illuminations and general rejoicings, It was stated the remedy for this would be found in Gov,ernment throwing open the various theatres gratnitously to the public on that evening, as was done in Paris on a recent occasion. By a judicious distribution of tickets, as on former occasions, 30,000 or 40,000 persons, at the least, wouIdbe drawn away from the out-of-dcor masses. Performces, aceonnpanied with mnesic of an appropriato character, could easily be selected, and the whole mght be judiciously carried ontata* comparatively small espen se. It wFas fninlyresolved that a deputation of the gentlemen preaent should wait on Sir George Grey to represent to him the state of the matter aud to hear his sentiments on the bubject.- Sumldy Time".
~ARUSSIAN BAB3LE 130A LOST, at the Crys~tal Paae -aedY. 'fflo6vag wil1bl l*sthe 5aID90 36.Great; P-= 6 g2&lre0eiyea50V%REEIQN`3XWARD. OST- arr ThrWatnedle.atreet, a CHXECJ, oni lme B~arcilay t,n Co.,. for, i;eut js.g. 4ated 2811 of April, anacroLa4tYoent of.which-has besa stopped. Whoeyer willbrin th- t drawrersin 8t.Ha nsplace,Bimbdii Ibe RWARDED Ioretheir trouble. --- ~PANJISHE COUOUPTS.--A PUBLIC MEETING )3of the 'Solders of -Gonporis (r Ocrtificatee), froma 140 to 1851, will be he'd at tise lond osTavm THISDAY (TuedaUy, the 2MttOApril). atl2lorldOblockpiftisely. - ' TiW .hair'willi-etakea bkG~e era Sir JA IZEAD energetic measuzwsaa may tendl toileed to a favourable line. Holders of Certifictate or Coipoos, daieios to act oni the Cesimiltite sad t6'snbscribe- to any neceiagy epena may address Sir John Fitzgradprevious to the Meetog a.is residence. 20. Cociall'r-at. CUEEEC1S CITY- STERILYNG- BONDS.-Tho Jn~DIVIDEND WARRA2TS, falliug doe on the 1st-of May neXt on the QUebec, Cityrin Six er Cent. Bands, which werem 3Degotiated tbrougltBari& 11ruthe A COD., Wil be I-AID) one tha ,or any succeedins day.( Tesda6yand Friday excepted), between-the bours 0fl10and 2, attheir couni-ng-'bonse.%Ejhop-te-teec-itbn STAII BONS.The DIVIDEN-D th o r t du falng duelo of theIst on yntheseurties iuisdlan Oren, filb PAID f Oln D h atdyo My 94 riday texcepted,hertweenthehCoIurA ofl7 nd2 th ithe , co.nt2n-houd ofc arig Bf bther*-andcopa aa -h-opthen bteooe due. Banke t lodg thew Sooth ales ho lldb theAY athscfi,the A.Ya list etEREST dothte ouuthersdter, Man. amoun, on the secaites innoredr thteYCorporectionofte paownt of Gheecleagrodathe lttda ofday. 1854, undmerthe auhrtJfte ooilAtOfN7th Vcori,NSo.23tarnd nch Cannon-stheet principa Awhal then 1& ca d * Prtesenitedtoreeie nc pinipl um ad nteres arere 1) OYA GARIENP, ATREXHALL3 -Under the AA~1'tronae ofHer Donet.-Theo Sinobiit CandzOter pDtonXaof thee Grdes ae rspeifn oily infomdta, theno Belentyt Alterationa adiproesented beng enearely oebaletdied.theywment hnited ENI) a QAnTerlyEro MayON, fofuhihedu onotie wllbet given.is Immentftse thmebyollotin, chelebratedavLes-v0lzesBilsle,nzia. MjissPa .Adrn, Mr. Herhes. te,oMr. B. Dnitt,sek reaFYdo trnge. and Mr. Henr CorbDxewiLdhavethbe hnoufappearingduroficngfthetpresetweekolat to Mr. Henry Corel.-ivenas asu abopte. andlc,SignorTZmbeolik. n adn,Sgo Blet.Atrwi QUATR RAISNS, fundedon h balltag vrtement of that J I nam byM.PetpaIntheopra o DIVLesV0e havtisng een Princplye past hyMlle.l lonsismoneti Liea eresentndation,. wAborPpliation norboxs d sall tohe ad aTo-theo (Wex-dnesodathe thanre Con:lon- nade, Haymarrarlfteet.ppar 0Thrs Nigt,Inliu f helat ueday ofetheoreason, on wthichr occaion opera NORA. Pincialrcardcters byMaae Geerated(herfirst and igno Tamerl W. T c.nclodene (wihoseDperfioermnesnt ete J)RURY-LANR.--Unprecelan eT uess ij of therb Tully and F. Elogchnry,-FR E D iVO hain lben renceie THIS EVENING (Tuesday) TmorweekWtednewdaa)d andmol comeday inuhchs onerLayMIingwodye, -MissFan Peevesd. Mfr. whenry Haih,e roirridSanves,hr drande, Mer.2 Ben%r, with Maill Ppear.z Ond Thudayt and Saturday, Sucandis I.aMms,r wLucypari ctte Mer. Ellio Goilern bar turantomime Bern-ard, I.Oh ceeraThed Aemeican Godarti k~,r. andtMr. Wn e . Florenceu iwhs gea perfrmanct hes resived -aopera Gin THE AWIC AGHA.WSEANEPERADSwiHMAW. Flrenhcher Duck-stone;wl susadynhisgwordigina chraeynoldf Gtrimbwhh, the repleteoCompanypofrSpannshudorgwhthTs.Ewill appear N te ewan O IAll PKITNCESS's THEATRE. - THIS H,EVENINI' (TTuesday), and on 'Wednesday. Thursday. Friday. and Saturday. Shakap 'ae' play of THE WIlsTER'S TALE. THE VICTOR VANQUISHED) erery evening. FTUIBATRE.ROYAL, AD)EL'PHI.-Unique Noveltv _I and Dramatic Effects.-The highly successful comedly of Like an~d lUnlike every crvering (To-morrow excepted); sa performed b,efore Her Mlai esty).-Urg ent Plrivate A-ffai rs at sece nd price. -THI S ErVENMIG, LIK AND U.N'LIKE : 1by Mlr. B. Webster. MLr. Wright, and Madame Celeste. WVith URGEN'T PRIVATE AFFAIRtS: by Mtr. Wright. Anid ROV'S TYOUR `UNCLE2I by Mxf. Wright. To-morrow Ifo this night ouly, owing to the overflow to a3llpart of the house on Wednesdaiy last). The Green Bushes. Mr. Wright, Mlr. P. Bedford. and M1adame Celeete. in their original characters.- TUHEATRE ROYAL, SAD)LERs - WVELLS.- LThxe greatest triumph since the days of Edmund Rean is Mtr. CharleslDiltou7sBelphegor. At the end oftevery act inthinsbeautituI and exciting dramalie is enthnsinstically called before the curtain by crowded miad delighted audiences. Mms Charles Dillon as.Xadeline, The German danseuse, Idlle. Bertha Cassimer. in her national dances. Mine Harriet G"rdon. M1r. Jamaes Rogers anodMr. George A. Webster every evening. Formiing an entertainmennt unparalleled in dramatic annals. A petite cmoely wil each uiight be presnted beforeBelphegor., Boxes, 3s. and Is. ; pit, Is.,. gallery, ad I)OYAJL SURREY TMEATRE.-Last. Nights of Rt HOW WVE L,1VE1, previous to tho production of the VWhetoiantide novelties. Positively the last five nights of Monsieur H-anlon's performing in England. SARAH'S YOUNG MAN wi visit his friends evezy evening. WYALSH THEATRF.-THIS EVElW'ING~ 'bMs.lewhry (late bliss LucyBennett). of the Theatres Royal will appear as Mdrs. Mralaprop ; Sir Anthony Absolute, Mr. Shirley. G RET NTIOAL TANARDTHEATRE.- Proritor M. JhnDonglas&-En'.a,ement of briss Glyn, M1r. ISABLLA unprcedetedin histrionic pageantry). Biron. fr1 H. Marten(oftheThetreRoyal, Sadler's-wells) ; Isabell, bMis Glyn Mis Reecc Isueswil aSo UPpeCarin opera. ROYAL ITALIAUN OPERA, LYCEUM. Third Apipearance of M-adaime Besio. THIS EVENIYG (Tuesday, April 29) will be performed Donizetti's opera. V.ELISIRl D'AMORK1 Adina, Madamse Bodio; Giannetts, Madame Tagliaflio; NeMOrinD, Signior Gaxdoni:- Bolcore, Signor Tagila-fico; aLnd Duilcamaira, Signor itnconi. Conductor-M1r. Costa. To concelude withi the niew tivertiss-ement, entitled LES HTAA-A DItYADES. Pryincipal character by Mdli Es.Blier. Geoat, Combs, Emmra. Mr. Payne, and Wd. Desplaces. Commence, at S. The box-office, in the grand entrance under the portico, is open-from 10 till 5. DRURY-LAN`B.-ENGLISH OPERA. Under the Management of Messrs J. H. Tuay and P. ]ingabury. THIS EVENING. PRA DIIAVOLO. Characters by M%iss C. Dy-er, M&iss F. Reeves, Mfr. H. Haigh, Mr. bianvems dr. Durand. dir. Bernard. Se= To conclude withi THE YAN'KEE HOUrSEKEER. THEATRE ROYAL.. HAI.MARKET. Under the Masnagement of Mr. Buelcatne. THIS EVENING, THE EVIL GENIUS B3y Merems Buckstone. Compton; Misses Reynolds, Swaniboronghc, After which. EL GAMBUSINO: or. The 1exictan Goldseelker. To be followed by GRISEISAW, BAG-SHAW. A ND BRAMIISAW. To conclude with THE POSTMAN'S K4NOCK. ROYAL PR.INCEsSSS THEATRE. Under the Mlanagement of Mr. Charles Kean- THIS VENINGwill be presentedTHEEVICTOR VALNQUJISHED. Alter which. THE WNVTER'S TALE. Leonine, Mlr. C. wMea; Hermione, AMrs C. Mean. THEATRE ROYAL,. ADELITLI ProP rieator. dr. B,L Webste r: Direct ress. Madamse Celasfte. THIS EVENIING trill be presented LIKE AND UMIlER Chsaracters by Mfessrs. B. Webster. Wright. P. Bedford, C. SelbhY. Garden, Morelan, Henry; Madame Ceeste. 'MisWyndham. MirLaidiaw, o. After which, URGEN'T PRtIVATE .AFFAIRS. To cOnclude with HO'WS YOUR UNCLE? ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. Lessee Mr. Alfred Wizan. THSEVENITG will bepresented STILL WATERS RUNDEEP. johu Mfildinay. Mfr. A.Wgan Mrs. Hector Steruhold, MmrsStirling. ToooncludewithTHu-DISCREETPRINCpsSS.CharacterobyMessre. P. Robson,kiemey Dauvers. H. Cooper, White, Glillton;MissesJulia St. George, TemanauMarton,Maskell.and stephens,Commne aoBtipeetT THEATRE RtOYAL, SAI)LERI'&.WELLS. "Under the Managment of Mr. George A. Webster. THIS EVENlING will be presented DIAMON'D OUT DIAMOND. Charactershby Miss H. Gordon, Mr. James Rtogers, and Mr. GeorgekA. Webster. After which, BELPHEGOR, THE MOU.NTEBANK,% To conclude with 'TWAS L RtOYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessees, Mlessrs. Shepherd and Creswick. THIS EVENING wil be presented HOW TM LIV IN THE WORLD OF LONDON. CharacterabyMessrs. Shepherd, C.A. Calvert, J7. H. RicaLrds, 'Widdicocab, do.;- Mises Marriott, B. Sanders, &do. Liter which, IHanlon's Performances. Tobeffolowredby SAISAIT YOUNG MAN. To conclude with THE TWOPOLTS. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AIPHITHnEATRE Lessee and Mfanager, Mtr. W. Coolie. THIS EVENING will be presented MEAZEPPA ANDTH 'WILD HORSE. Alter wvhich, Scenes in the Circle, with Miss Mate Cooke, Ac. Tooconclude with aNational Steeplechase. TO CORRIESPONDENTTS. Gar readers are requested to, observe that the price of T7ze Times is reduced to 4d,, and that Jd is the price of a copy -with -the impressedsam ,affixed. Under the amended regoulations of the Post-office (No. 60) !Lte Times is trausmisi-ble by post to British colonies -andl foreign otuntrieit without an impressed stamp. NO 3notice can be takenx of anozininons cominautcatlonz, .Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticatedI by the name andl address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarnutee of Isis good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejectedcomnatos SW The publiction of TstscTcars coDmmenced at 5 e'clocky3egierday mnorisinc, atidfinished at 20 minutes Past q.
.LONJDOIO, TUESDAY, APRFBL 29, 1S56. In the House of Lords yesterday, -Lord :BrOuGnA introduced a biM to remedy the evils arisinfrom the abuse of the Scotch law of marriage in those cases in cic$h parties cross the bGrder for the purpose of being united under that lawr. Ele proposed to make a Jreviou resideuem of three weeks in Scotland essential to the validity of such a marriage. The bill was read a first time. The Earl of Ciar.N-DoN laid on the table a copy of the treaty of peace between England, Frace, Russa, and the other contracting Powers, recently concluded. He gave notice of a motion for taking the treaty into consideration on Monday next. In answer to a question from Lord DNGAONX in reference to the mail communication with Ire land, the Duke of AiuG#Lr stated that the arrangements for expediting the transit of the mails would probably be carried into effect diurmg the preaent summer. - The time wal not to excuid. flhouloisi. t,tween-thetLondon akDnublin terminL' , ,ielarlof CLAERDoi,sked Lord'LxDnrmof to postpone the. motion o£f which he_ had givehx inotice. on the state of Italy, und- the oon int6l =miitary occupation ofr portions oftt ohintrybi strias. :He asked for thepostponement onuhii groundsalone; and if .Lord Ly S consented to It he would pr,omote those intereeti which they were both anxious to secure. - Lord LmrDnuRsx consented. t9 defer his moti&> but stated' he ^,hould ,watch- .iYt. oneidedibls anxiety the cours pursued by the Government to alleviate the intolerable grievances under which thet people of Italy labonr. The House then Adjourned. -. - In the House of Co m-ons,J Iord PAasToN, on presenting, by command oa hIs,copes f te potooliand treaty olf peacJ tove tht te pper betaken into coissi deainon Mtonday nest. HEe likewise announced that HnwM^aisrv had appointednext Sunday- (the 4th of May) as the day of thaksgivniug for thtt peace. Mr. WHrrzssi moved the following resolution -i " That, while this House feels it to be its dutv'to express its admiration of the gallantry of the Turl.asl soldiery and of the devotion of the British officer. at the siege of Kars, it feels it to be egually a'dity to express its conviction that the capitulation of: that fortress, and the surrender of the army Whichl defended it, thereby endangering the safety of the} Asiatic provinces of Turkey, wreie in a, !great measure owinag to the want of foresight aidl energy on the part of HnR Masrres A&ninistrk. tion." He introduced, his speech by prefatory reflections upon the hopes disappointed- by thet fall .of Kars, the military triumph it affordeda-i Russia, and the splendid opportunities which hacl been lost for ever by the neglect of Asiatic Tarey, the interests of which,inurelationto Russia, were ini timnately connected with Persia. He described the! polic and the designs of the Russian Government w:ith reference to both, and theposition of its forces at the breaking out of the war, insisting that it -wa the duty of the British Government, looking even to British interests only, to watch the movements of Russia, 'whose fundamental policy, he said, was notoriously directed against Persiai and Asiatic Tulrkey. He admitted the. late war to have been just. What 'was our policy whern we commenced it? It w%ras a repressive policy, What 'was the condition of TurJkey in 1853 ? Hei people were enthusiastic for the war. But England arrested her 'when sihe was eager to strike, and prepared to strike hard, and duty required EnDgland to assist her effectually afterwardsin her distresxs. The root of the Russian power in the East was in eorgia, and 'what had been the course of England 'when the armies of Turkey had been defeated inher Asiatic provinces! The Government resolved to send out a commissioner to inquire into and report upon the state of thingas 'which the Ministry ought to have known well enough before, who had no controlling authority, and whose presence had puzzled the Turkish authorities at Erzeroum. The cardinal fact which Commissioner Wmimes desired to ascertain was the state of the magazines, and the very day he arrived he described the conaition of the Turkish army, and, above all, warned Lord CrA:umox that the pay of the soldiers was 18 or 19 months in arrear; but -the only assistance zendered by the powverfull B3ritish nation to its ally 'was sending four men-such men, indeed, as. were' rarely found-and a doctor. Mr. WETSWEz then? adverted.to the quarrel between Lord STIIAFOan DE Ri cIa}Fm and General Wrairars, which commenced in December, 1854; to the multitude 'of unansvered despatches written by the latter to the Ambassador; to the circuitous course of tHe communications, and to the unnoticed warning of General Waxra-s, that the want of support would cause the dissolution of the Turkish forces, the sacrifice of Asia Minor, and the loss of a "golden opportunity," which Mr. WSriDr interpreted to mean that of inflicting a decisive blow upon the Russian power in Georgia. He animadverted severely upon the conduct of Lord STRATr.ED, whom he accased of a violation of his manifest duty; but he charged the Government with covering and protecting him. He read extracts of letters from General WnasNrs, complaining of the neg,lect of his representations and requests by the Ambassador, the replies of Lord CLAnENDonc, and the despatch of l;Ord SrEaaron, calling upon the Foreign Secretary to explain his own and General Wraxuars's relative duties, and he aslied 'here 'was the answer to this most important and reasonable inquiry. Talkng the case as it was put by the Govermunent, to whom alone Lord STRATorpnD was responsible, that he had disobeyed their orders, that his conduct was unjustifiable, 'here, he ask;ed, was the Ambassador? He was at Constantinople still. Referring to a speech of Lord J. RuCssant, in 'which he taxedctle Admsinistration of Lord ABErWDEo with not conductingthe -war in Asia Minor 'with sufficientvigour, 3Mr. WIrTEsrDE asked that noble Lord whether, as a conscientious man, he could vote againstthismotion. Turning then to the proceedings of the War Secretary, he exposed the delays 'which resulted from departmental action, and contended that it 'was the fixed purpose of Lord PSY7Uan not to assist i n any 'way the prosecution of the vwar in Asia MIinor. Citing the despatch from General Wm s, dated from Ears the 9th of JFune, stating that the Governor had advised its abandonment, and urging the impolicy of such a step, he discussed the plans proposed for the relief of that fortress, condemning the schemes and the policy of Lord PsAi3mREu, who avowed that he despaired of its relief, which military men believed might have been accomplished, and which O0BA PASHA urged with an earnestness approaching remonstrance. The delay occasioned by the perverse mismanagement, the confusion of orders, and references from one authority to another, after the tardy assent to the PAsa'se xpedition,hechargeduponthehomeGovernment, acknowledging that from the time his quarrel w7ith General W Tmx.S~ ended Lord S'rxxroxD had evinced zeal and ability, and had never ceased to argue in favour of relieving Kars; but here every proposition for saving its neglected garrison was rejected. While Lord PAREX was writing that it 'was too late to relieve that place, he declared, on the 3d of August, in the Houlse of Lords, that Turkey was in that country able to maintain herself against the enemny,-a declaration which M~r. Warras:I E characterized as a gross deception intended to calm the public mind. After speaking for upwards of four hours, he concluded with sni animated peroration, reminding the House that, although the past could not be redeemed, the experience of the past might suggest lessons and cautions for the future. The Arroamya-GNa-ERAL asked the House to descend from the lofty flights of Mr. Wnrzsn7s vivid rhetoric to the sober domain of fact and reality. The question, he said, rested upon a simple statement of facts, and it was upon such a statement he called for the complete acquittal of the Government. Declining to follow Air. WHinrDAS into extraneous topics, he described the deplorable condition of the Turkish army in Asiawhen General WmnTars arrived as commissioner and the measure3 taken by that officer, who received, he saidthefullest instructions from Lord CAR.oo, and,if he had no authority from the Ottoman Court, that was no faultof theBritish Government. Sofarasregarded his efforts with the Turkish authorities no blame was imputable to Lord SrnTFonD OERuDI;AAAAan,1 although he (the ATrOwnEY-GaNERAL) could not defend the serious omissions of which he had been guilty with reference to General WInu,s, he asIked whether the Hlouse ras prepared to censure IHa3LrMsss's Government because Lord Cr.snax- DON did not think itright or expedienit, under the circunstances, to recall that distinguished diploma-tist. He gave ashort history of thetransactionsatKars aiYc Erzeroum, and of the communicationsbetween Lord CMAn'uBoDx, Lord STRAT.ORD General WnAs , and the Turlish authorities on lhe subject o E the defence of Armenia and Asiatic Turkey. He pointed out the difficulties in the way of an expedition to the coast of Oircissia; when, however , the Sursm consented to the Turkish force at Eupatoria being employed in such an expedition, our Government Eaceded to the proposal; but as the safety of the Crimean army might be compromised by their removal, it became necessary to obtain the concurrence of the French Government. Con- ditions were annexed to this concurrence;. u mnavoidable obstacles and delays were interposed in consequence of these conditions, but this ffovern- iment were not responsible for those delays. Had they taken -upon themselves to order the Turldsh troops to leave Eupatoria, and a disaster had occurred, how could they have justified their con- ducdt? The real question, he observed, ws what the British Government could have done to avert the fall of- Kars, whch. they had
The entire text of the Treaty of Paris is now before us. Of the four missing articles, the 5th 3nd 6th provide for a general amnesty and the restoration of prisoners; the 7th and 8th admit Turkey to the public law and political system of Europe, secure her independence ind territorial integrity, and engage each contracting ?vower, in the 'event of any serious misunderstanding with her, not to proceed to force till they have given the other Powers an opportunity -of mediation. The two- latte'r articles' are as im- portant as'any in the treaty, and it is difficult to dmagine how the late wvar could ever have occurred if they had hitherto been part of the law of Europe. 'They very considerably modify the peculiar position -which Russia has for ages assumed towards Turkey, cas a Power it had a right to deal with alone, on principles of its own laying down, and treaties of its own interpretation. deeming the mediation of other Powers a gratuitous interference, which it 'was a great coiidescension to allow. Turkey does -not receive this new privilege without qualifying -herself for European membership. It was not to :be expected that the nations of Europe were always to be ready at a moment's warnmg to rush to arms and spend their best blood *and treasure in the defence of a State which stiDl, within its own territories, kept up an odious persecution againist our - fellow-Christians and fellow-Europeans. The races so long degraded -by the barbarous policy of the PorTE were members of our religion, our race, our civilization; and so Iong as Turkey persisted in denying them political -equality there was a cruel absurdity in our -strengthening the hands of their oppressor. We 'could only do so from the obligations of treaty or. particular political considerations,. for opinion, feeling, and nature itself called the other way.. -N ow that we have aclnowledged. Turkey to be one of ourselves, it is very proper, and indeed a logical consequence, that it should act as one of our-selves, and no longer exclude from political rights the mass of its population. On a deliberate review of the Treaty, we think it will be found that it cannot be said on this occasion, as it has been so often before, that what we have ,ained in war we lost in negotiation. The treaty is at least commensurate vith our military successes. What more we might have extorted -from Russia, what palpable humiliation we -might have imposed, what material guarantees we might have taken, hacl we more signally vanquished her in the field, it is vain to conjecture. As it is, we have inspired one another with mutual respect, and that respect is reflected in the :Treaty before us. To use a hackneyed phrase, -" the objects of the war" have been "achieved;" ancl we are really at a loss to discover -what has been omitteGd that we had a right to reasoufe There are, indeed, two points on which, as often happens, public opinion had defined. its -own expectations with greater exactness than ,diplomacy can attain to. 'When it was announced 'that the Black Sea was to be neutralized, and that Russia was not only to keep nothing of -an_ armament on its waters, but was to destroy all its maritime fortresses and arsenals, there arose a question as to Nicholaieff and-what 4still more touched the feelings of many--the -northern forts of Sebastopol. With regard to 4he former of these places, we are assured that Russia is dismantling the forts and even removing -the stores of Nicholaieff. With regard to the northern forts of Sebastopol, considering that we sat before those forts for twelve months, and -did not even attemipt to take them, it might seem ,too muchi to require the Plenipotentiaries to do by negotiation what our fleets and armies failed. to achieve. Yet, we must say that, taught ' as -we are by experience, and compelled to watch ,closely the fulfilment of the Treaty, we shall be apt to test Russia!s honesty by her mode of dealing -vith those forts. The Elrzson engages' not to -establish or maintain any military-maritime arsenal on the coast of -the -Black Sea. If irhat does not literdlly -involve the -destruction of the stone batteries and earthworks which still -commandthe harbour of- Sebastopol, and under the fire of which any works could be carried oi, at - least it involves the dispersion of all the mnilitary and naval stores there collected. and 'Whatever is commonly meant by the dismantling -of the fortres Togetherwith the Treaty now appear the Conven- tions annexed to it, and necessary to its full interTretation. The old law as to the Straits of the Dardanelles and the Bosphorus is recognized. and revised, the Straits being closed against foreign ships of war so long as the- PoFTE is at peace. In the second Convention Russia and "between'themselves,-andby a clause in--tfie Traty are 'egaged to the Europeauj Powers n-not to keep nfthie Black Sea, each oE; them, maore than wsa teaTmveselz, at .the . most of O.met.- or- 162 feet,. in length, and,800. tons ,burden, and& four, light steam or sailing vesbels not exceeding-201)0'tons each. The thirdpoiivent.ion isbetween Russia, England, and FraIce, and engages the former, " in' order to resiond to the desire which has been[ expressed'" by the.two Lfter, 3iot to fortifylhe Alafd 1slands or maintain any.military establishunent; there. Of these.three Conventions, that- which liniits the ships of war in the Bla:ck Sea to a force -whichi will not be deemed toomnch for the. purposes of peace is the most important, and is a very -great advance on what some .politicians were content to'demand a twelvemonth ago. Conisidering'the three purposes of a pacific armament,themaintenance of sanitary regalations, and the repression of piracy and of smuggling, ten vesselsY aniounting to 5,600 tons, are no very unreasonable amount. It is true that on'the: immense lakes between British America and 'the. United States we -have absolutely nothing,, but then we have: neither quarantine laws nor pirates in that part of the world.. With its armed vessels thus limited, Russia; can have no possible'excuse for maintaining anyj of her maritime fortifications.: The Congress did not separate without one further step, in -which, they flattered, themselves they added to the world's stock of civilizatiin. 'This is a declaration, founded on the practice. of this war, against privateering, against the seizure of enemy's merchandise in neutral ships, except contraband of war, or of neutral merchandise in enemy's ships, and against a blockade not actually maintained. Doubtless we have made a considerable advance even on the practice of the last war, and it is to be hoped every fresh one will be conducted with inereasing respect for the persons, and property of those not actually employed in it. The inhumanities of war do more to keep it up, by exasperating the feelings, than to shorten it by destroying men and materiaL.
The speech of Mr. WmsTEsiDE last night was one of those ponderous displays of oratory which seeni to be thought necessar on :a great occasion. While in the literary worId books have dwindled from folios to octavos; while personal friends' no longer correspond in lon" epistles, crossed and recrossed; while sermons are every day more and more generally limited to a decent half hour, the House of Commons still retains itstaste for speeches of enormous length, or at least acquiesces in the infliction. A budget, a defence of foreign policy, a scheme of colonial government, seems to carry greater weight if from afternoon to midnight a speaker can pour forth-an unceasing stream of words, read extracts vithi .which everybody is acquainted and returns which few can understand, quote a great number of irrelevant facts, and emphasize on a quantity of trivial details. Mr.WnWm=s= is a lawvyerof eminence and accustomed to the statement of cases ; he has on this occasion haid his brief for a long time, and must have especially desired to be effective and cogent, yet few persons out of the House of Commons will think that he has improved his subject by speading it over five hours of time, and thirteen columns of newspaper space. What, indeed, has he said that might not have been equally well told in a third of the time ? What new facts has he revealed-what new light has he thrown on. a subject which has been discussed for many months, and known accurately in its details from within a short period of the meeting of Parliament ? Mr. WRITESIDE would have been more happy if he had been less elaborate, less primed for a great occasion. His speech commences, like a prize essay, with a historical retrospect and many general remarks on patriotism and political morality. It rather shows weakness in a case when the advocate thinks it necessary to hold forth on the duty of statesmen to resist their country's enemies and to employ judicious means for the attainment of legitimate ends. To convince the House that Ministers are to be blamed for the fall of Kars he enters into a long exercitation to show that the wilful betrayal of Kars would be blameable. Much geographical knowledge, perhaps somewhat recently acquired, is brought forward to enforce this point. Russia has seized the fort'of Abbasabad, and has designs on the tort of Hoa. He' enlarges on the objects of -Ar x.usnDr in annexing Georgia, points out exactly the value of Imeritia, knows precisely the direction which the Russian aggressive designs take south of the Caucasus, and shows how the recent formation of a macadamized road will facilitate ambitious projects. All this is an introduction to along, desultory series of charges against the Government, founded on every event in the Asiatic war. It appears, according to Mr. WHrIDEnE, that to Scmum we owe the preservation of Armenia in 1854. That warrior, by an inroad. into Georgia, checked the career of Russian conquest. England ought to have been stimulated by this example; but the Government thought fit only to despatch a Commissioner to the Turkish army to advise the Turkish Generals and report on their proceedings. -why, asks Ar. WHrzsnDE in effect, were not Generali and army despatehed to Asia in the autumn of 1854 ? It is evident that when this style of attack is adopted theo. defence cannot be difficult. Bnt Mr. WHISIJDE then deseends to actual occurrences. From declamation he turns to criticism as to' definite points. Naturally the first subject is the dissension between General WnmAns and, the Ambassador - at Constantinople. And here the speaker was probably less prudent than his party might desire. Their wish is, of course, to wound the Ministry, and transfer the blame from diplomatistc and Generals to the Cabinet at home. Mr. WHITESIDE, no doubt, shares this desire with his fellows, but his strategy is not brilliant. He honestly owns that the conduCt of Lord STRATFORD DE REDCLFFE was scandalous, and worthy not only of reprobation, but punishment; but his conclusion is that Lord CL_R&NDoN, by allowing the Ambassador to remain at his post, condoned the offence and is responsible for its consequences. His argumentamountstothis,-that Ministersdeserve to be dismissedbecause they did not dismiss the Ambassador. In aiming, however, at Lord CLARENDON through his subordinate Mr. Wnrrssrns' Bshaft fails of effect. It, indeed, pierces Lord STrTFoOnD, but the Foreign Secretary remains unhurt. The world has read the correspondence, and can judge whether Lord Cr EDDONT was wanting in zeal andc energy. He is found rebulking the Ambassador, inveighing against the corruptions of the Turks, demanding again and again with all the force of language that the position of 'General' W Auws should be assured and his direct authority enlarged. If it be true that in the case of Lord STRATFORD, as in others, serious shortcomings have been lightly passed over, the country will be slow to attribute blame for a lenity which at worst was the product of misplaced good feeling. We really cannot pretend to follow Mr. WurrSIDE into his military discussions. We have already pointed out the difficulties which attended any movement while Sebastopol was yet untaken. The French General protested against the withdrawal of the old Turhish troops; the English General protested against the substitution of the newly-organized Contingent. In fact, the allied Commanders, with good reason, cared for nothing but success in the great enterprise befojq 'elastopoland-woild-not-allow-even-a brigade--too depart befor the -cap'tur6 of the pljse i'as a matter. of certainity.. When th'e- spng had passed away, M ihiKars yet incompletely provisioned-when the Russian General was able to seize the roads around the place, and G;'nbralWEnEiAMs,sWithaifew'thousand ill-fea ill-,clothed' troop7, was'shut. up within the limits of the 'forts,- eventiual surrender m,ight be looked upon as nearly .certain. . Both- Goveriijnents-'that 'of Rngland 'especially-had even ian sxaggerafed notion of the portance of !Kars, naf .,in the; continnal' and' large aid which they ' Turkey-they had in view,"to.a very great extelit, the security_of the ,Asiatic provinces. For the military faults of.OMA PAsHA?.4 campaign :io member of our Government is responsible, and it is, indeed, m'uchto their credit that they, pointed out with considerable acuteness what afterwards actually took place> The ATrotsiY-GEmnuL defended his colleagues with the arguments which must occur to every one. The usual conventional apologies were made for -the-Ambassador, and it was somewhat faintly stated that, his conduct ,had no influence on the fall of 'lKars. SWith more success Sir A. Cocsnuxw. arguea that it would be.unfair to pass a-vote of censure on a'G6Vernmient merely for not .recalling a man whvom it had censured -aind disowned. T- The course 'taken- by Government was' fairly pointed out; they had 'urged the shipment of Turks from Eupatoria,- although deferring& to the opinion of. the Generals,, who would not weaken the force b'efore SebastopoL Those' troops had subsequently been transported in English vessels, and in every way assisted.by English counsels and support. The statement'of Lord J.' MAfxms, that the Government supplied, the Turks neither with money, materials, nor advice, is simply inconsistent with the fact. British gold has enabled Turkey to support the burden of this war; British ships have transported her armies from port to port of the Black Sea, and even from distant provinces of the empire to -the seat. of war; thousands of Turks are in British pay, and many thousands more have been for 18 months supplied with every necessary at the expense of England. On the whole, we cannot say that this great and long-threatened attack has made much impression on the Cabinet which it was intended to crush. We know not what new arguments or hitherto unrevealed facts another night's debate will bring forth, but as yet we have heard nothing which has not been mnown and decided upon 'for weeks by the public in generaL A debate on the Kars blue-book can add little to what the blue-book itself teaches us; and 'we think that by the publication of all that relates to the question the Government has shown that it behaved with much more energy and. prudence than even its best'friends had believed.
We are now arrived at that period of the session in which. the business of Parliament is usually more or less interrupted in order to give time for the ordinary number of party conflicts. Slightly defined and irregularly traced as the limits of party, are, there is still enough of ita ancient tradition remaining to make it requisite for those who are to go to the country at the next election as the representatives of opinions distinct from those of the occupants of the Treasury bench to enter into a few grand'conflicts in the course of the year, in order to prove to their bewildered constituencies that such differences of opinion do really and actually exist. To those, indeed, who peruse the debates and scan the divisions of the House of Commons without having before their eyes 'the actual position occupied by the speakers thepresent, avowed differences of party would appear to be utterly incomprehensible. 'Whatever be the question that is raised, the violent differences of opinion would seem to be, not between the supporters of Ministers and the Opposition, but between the Ministy and their supporters on the one hand, and the respective leaders of Opposition on the other. Whatever be the question between the different sections of the Opposition, 'at least the most marked differences exist. On the Maynooth question we have the leaders of the Conservative party carefully absenting themselves, while the party itself follows for the night the safe and moderate guidance of Sir. SpooN-ER. On the education question we have Mr. HENLEY taking one side and Sir JOHN- PAKINGTON the other. On the Jewish question -Mr. DIsRAnr votes with the Ministry against his party, an example in which he is in most instances followed, and in many surpassed, by the irrepressible liberalism of the Conservative Lord STAwNY. Very necessary is it, therefore, for both parties to rally to their common standard, in o'rder to convince themselves and the country that there stil are parties, and that their points of agreement are stil more numerous than those of divergence. Yesterday Lord PAuERSToN and Lord DFnBY rallied their respective hosts in order to animate them for the coming conffict, and to breathe into them, if possible, the spirit of accord and unanimity. We cannot divine the topics which these eminent persons respectively used to arouse the flagging zeal and counteract the growing disunion of their followers. We may, however, be permitted to offer on behalf of the public a few of those observations which occur to the minds of all who, apart from the influences which party exercises, contemplate from a national point of view the proceedings of our representatives in Parliament. 'No member of the House of Commons, we apprehend, ought to forget that it his duty to consider every question in a double point of view ;-first, as it relates to his convictions and interests as an individual member; secondly, as it relates to the conduct to be observed bv the House of Commons in its corporate or colIective capacity. The House ought to have a conscience, principles, consistency, and conduct, just as much as one of its members. If each man is to think only of himself, and not at all 6f the assembly of which he forms a part, there is not a little reason to fear that, whatever becomes of individuals, the duty of the whole will be ill performed. Now that Peace has returned, it is, we apprehend, of no very great consequence to the country whether the reins of government be placed in the hands of Lord PAnssmERSToN or Lord DERny; but it is of the very last consequence to the maintenance of our Parliamentary system that, whatever Government the House of Commons decides to support, it should support with firmness, constancy, and loyalty. To profess confidence in a Minister, and yet to place hiim continnally in a minority on matters smal in themselves, but very important- to the prestige and durability of his Government, seems to us the greatest of all possible absurdities. Yet that is exactly the course which the present House of Commons pursues, and has purmued from the beginning. Each Government in succession has been wealkened and damaged by a series of small defeats. Were it that the House of Commons had withdrawn its confidence from the present Government and bestowed it on any other party, we could not, of course, have a word to say against their right to remove it from office, to substitute in its place, if they so pleased, an Administration led by Lord DEnnBY and Mr. DisnA-xr, and then t) await the opinion of the country as to the propriety of the change. What we complain of is, that without any such intention, and apparently without:any nerious intention at all, the House of -Commons is perpetually, either by lulkewarm su-p I- Ictr p -dcfbetio)T, aen,ak fthe -very-Goverfme2lt tvliich uponli tie Tv.hole '*si.W4 to - etain in poTce. 1irnistere. often placed in tihc dilemma of choosing between bein, beaten in the xttempt 'ti resist propositio6ii like that for reforming the: civil service, - br beaten in the mere At'empt to carry them out.. The House will focce Government to do what, -it 'has not imade -up its mind*ought to-be donb, and will impede the execition and 'fritter downv the' effect 'of the very principles; it h'as adopted. Bils that look- for-- nidable on the second reading aTie pared down 'ilto nothing. in committee,, and it is not unusual 'to see the appointment of' a seect 'committee agreed to, and then the committee ,pack-ed with mn nibers notoriously adverse 'to the views with 'which the inquiry was desired. 'We have said that such tactics are now 'habitually practised' 'against every Government, and we have a firm conviction that if they con- tinue to be had recourse to so wantonly and' 'unnecessarily they ',ill very seriously impair the effidency -of Parliament.. If members areI deter-' 'mined to concede nothing--if every man is to be the slave of his individual prepossessions and convictions-if every division is to be regarded with 'reference to his precise- estim'ate of its merits-if rQvernment is only to be supported wlien it exactly 'hits the views of ench one of its supporters, our nembers may indeed be able to give to -their constituents 'a satisfactory account of the. divisions' in whicli 'their names appear, but they' will give a very indifferent account of the great' trust committed to them-the maintenance of our existing Constitution, and the support of a party pledged ±o'"ertain clear and definite objects. In the present instance the treatment of which Lord PAErxsrToN has to complain has in it'something peculiarly' ungracious. The Government of Lord PAL MBRSTo? has not, indeed, been able to terminate the war with glory, but it has saved us from the disgrace of agreeing to those terms that would have been imposed on us at Vienna. Yet, no sooner is the war . over than supporters become lukewarm and adversaries alert, and there seems' no small danger that the IHouse of Commons will break up our present Ministry without providing anything like a sufficient substitute. Gratitude we know has little place in politics, but something, we should have thought, might have been conceded to the memory of such services as Lord PAniNcasTo= has rendered to the country, especially as the ratifications of the Peace *hich he has procured for us have only just been exchanged, although the benefit itself appears to have been totally forgotten.
COURT CIRCULAR. The Queen held a Privy Council at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoonat Buckingham Palace. It was attended by his Royal Highness the Prince Consrt, Earl Granville, Lord President; the Earl of Harrowby, Lord Prxivy Seal;Viscount Palmerston, First Lord of the Treasury; Sir George Grey, Secretary of State for the Home Departnient the Earl of Clarendon, Secretary of State for Forei"n Affairs; Lord Pamnure, Secretaryof State for War; Sir Charles Wood, First Lord of the Admiralty ; the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Presidernt of the Board of Control; Lord Stanley of Alderley, President of the Board of Trade ; Earl Spencer, LordStewvard; the Marquis of Breadalhane, Lord Chamberlain; and the Duke of Wellington, Iaster of the Horme. At the Council proclamations were issued announcing the Peace, and appointing Sunday, the 4th of May, as a day of ThanksgivIng. The Hon. WifliamBathurst was the Clerk of the Council inWaiting. The Queen was attended by Field-Marshal Viscount Combermere, Gold Stick in Waiting; the Earl of Mulgrave, Treaurer of the Household; - Lord Ernest Bruce, ViceChamberlain ; Lord Waterpark, Lordl in Waiting; and General Sir Edward Bowater, Groom in Waiting. lHer Majesty gave audiences to Viscount Palmerston, Sir George Grey, Earl Granville, and the Earl of Clarendon. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Rent vsited Her Mrajesty. Hfis Royal Highness Prince Albert rode on horseback in the forenoon with the Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred, attended by Colonel F. H. Seymour. Prince Leopold took a drive in an open carriage. The Queen and P'rince Albert,- accompanied by the Princess Royal, and attended by the Marchioness of Ely. th e Hon. Emily Cathcart, Lord Waterpark, Loidl Alfred Paget, and Colonel F. H. Seymour, honoured the Princess Theatre with their presence in the evenig. A deputation on the subject of y-ostal steam communica. tion with Australia had an interview with Viscount Palmnerston yesterday. The deputation consisted of the Lord Mayor, Mr. W. C. Wentworth (late member of Council for the city of Sydney), Sir W. 3Arthur (late member of Council for New South Wales), Mr. Edward Hamilton ditto), Messrs. John Moore, Airey, and John Ward Cole (late members of Council for Victoria), Messrs. B. Stephens, A.LB. Elder, and F. HI. lutton (tatemembers of Council for South Australia), and Mr. James A. Youl, from Tasmania andhon.secrtaryto te GeeralAssociation for the Australian Colonies. Mr. Press3y, Deputy-Chairman of the Board of Inland Revenue, had an interview with the ChanceUlor of the E3xchequeryesterday at his official residence in Downing- Desptche fro theLor Hig Comissinerof the onian lIslands were rtceLived yHesterdyat the Colonial. A mectinr was held at the residence of Viscount Pal. merston, inmPiccadilly, yesterday, which was attended by 205 members of the House of Commons.
PECESSS THEATB. At present we must confine ourselves to the brief statement that the MInter's Talc, as produced by Mir. Charles Kean last night, is. such a perfect work of theatrical art as even to astonish those who are already familiar with the glories of Sardanapalus and Henry VII. The fact that the scene is laid in Sicily has been seized upon with avidity by the enterprising manager as a pretext for converting the greater portion of the piece into a 3nost. costly exhibition of Grecian antiquities, while "Bohemia" is changed into " Bithynia," that the pastoral life of Asia Minor may be contrasted with the town existence of Syracuse. When we say that the trial of Hermione takes place in the theatre at Syracuse, that the introduction of " Time as Chorus' is accompanied by an allegorical representation of Luna and Phcebus executed on the same 'principle as the vision of Qaeen Katherine, but in a manner far more fanciful and elaborate, that ? Syracusan feast is enlivened by a Pyrrhic dance, and t5e sheep-shearing holydayis heightened into a Dionysiac orgie, in which somethmg like 200 dancers are employed, we have said enough to stimulate curiosity. Every detail, however minute, whether it be the pattern of a drinking-cup or the border of a robe, has been a subject of archweolog3ealresearch ; in short, the theatro becomes for the time a sort of classicalmuseum, without forfeiting any of its usual attractions. On a futurem occasion we hope to give something like a deseription of this xharvel of mise cm sasewhichi so completely throws into the shiade all that has preceded it. The benefit of 3r. and MIs. C. Rean, who played Leontes and Hermioneo took p lace last night, and was honoured by thefpresence_of Her Majesty, who thus inang_ratedthe great dramnatic revival ofth season.
UivmisAL SuFFRAGE IR FRncE.-The MHinister of the Interior has addressed to the prefects the following circular, dated the 24th :-" Monsieur le Prefet,-On the occasion of a recent discussion on the distributions of voting bulletins in matters of municipal elections doubts were thrown, in a general manner, on the free and bondfjvk: practice of universal suffrage. This fundamental principle of our institutions should not be the object of any doubt or equivocation. The desire of the Emperor is that unliversal suffixge Shall be perfectly free, and, moreover, that every one shal be wel aware of it. I therefore consider i my duty to remind you of the simple and prcise rles wih conformably to law and jurisprtuddncee consti tteour puLblic law on this point. According to articlelOof the law of July the 16th, 1850, 'During the 20 days which precede the election the circulars and political progrmies signed bi y the candidates may, after having,been deposited in theo office of the procureur imperial, be posted -up and distributedwithout aly authorization bemi requlired? Thevoting bulletin, bearinh the name of the cancdat, is a natural annex to his circular, and may be freely distributed with it. Any eandidatesbip, avowed by him who is the objectef it, is tous at perfect liberty to make itself kuowal, and to distribute to the electors the material means of mahing their choice known. But this exception to the general law on the distribution of written or printed papers is only admitted in favour of candi- ateships the reality of which is guaranteed, and tho responsibility -publicly accepted by the signed circular of the candidate. It does not apply to anamymous distributions of voting bulletins, and does not blindly permit the havking about of names which, frequently pulb ghed vwithout the consent; or even at times in spite of the legal incapacity of those who bear them, may become the . occasnof a disturbance. or a public outrage. mor such distributions the common law resumes its application, and an authorizaton must be demanded. But, as the president of the Council of State declared in the nane of the Government at a late sitting of the Legislative Body, you must, in deciding on such demands, give tho greatest latitude to every citizen. You will not forget that the prohibition must be raro and exceptional, and founded on the danger of - public outrage and disturbance, and must never be an indi. rect favotur for the benefit of a candidateship w%hich mnay be preferred. These rules, Monsieur le Pr;fet, are sihple, aid securetbe fullest liberty to universal suffrage. 'The wi of the Emperor is that it shal be practised in ge fAltl. AcCapt, &. ILTL,
?r- -- -- WA'A, 1-?P, '). ?;il . - -;II --m -;zv, .1 - :- - - tmBY an TEGRIH .l LTVER,PQQ, ih,foNlDiy EvKNnqLa. 1, The Axs has iabiga ed, with- advices from New iYork to the 16th ins., -ndl$453,000 in specie on *-fright. 7 "- , 'rThek. tpaidthB ic;, hence,goin' intoNew The Cambria, hence, had anved at Halifax on the 14th. V -In the Senate a- pe,tition, presented by General fane,; ralative to the 'memorial of the menibers of the 'Free State Legl atnre' of Kansas to bo admitted into thoI Union, whichi the Senate had refused, hAd, after a lively discussion, been Ilaid on the table., The Post-office Commnhittee has reported a bill to encourage steam navigationi, The bill authorizes 'the Secretary of the Navy to contraict with Messrs. Vanderbilt and Livingstone for carrying malis: betwven Southampton and New York, or some other Port in the United States, in steamners suitable for defensive purposes, for a term of six- years&; the compensation not to be more than that allowed by the British Government to the Canard line. The indisposition of' Mr.' Clay'lad preveated the continuance of the disicussion, on the Kansas question, and the Senatehad gone to executive session. . The President had reported-that Messrs. Howvland and Aspinwall hadreceived $2,2;50,000, andEargous Brothers the balance of the S3, 0O,000 payable to Mexico under the terms of the -MesillaValleyTreaty. The New York Legislative Senate -had agreed uponan extension, but-the Governor. of the Assembly would not consent to follow: the example, and the House had adjourned sine die. The Know-nothings and Nigger WVorshippers hlad carried both branches of the Connecticut Legisla- It is reported from Washington that Mfr. Stoeclie, the Russian Minister, had got himself into difficulties by engaging the services of some eminent surgeons for the Russian army, and, now that peace is established, informing them that their services are not wanted. P'hiladelphia had been visited by a terrific hurricane. Two churches, three factories, and about 15O other buildings were partially demolished. The large boiler-house of the Franldin Ironworks, 160 feet long, was totally destroyed. The Trenton Railroad depot at Kensing,ton was considerably injured, innumerable awnings, signs, and glass windows were torn into fragments. -Two sloops were blown from their moorings and driven high and dry upon the shore at Red Rank. SD far as known, the disaster was unattended by loss of life, and but few casualties were reported. The gale prostrated the Western telegraph wires. The North River was open. The Erie Canal was reported to be in such a condition that it could not be opened before the 5th of May. The Gerrish-market, Boston, had been destroyed by fire. The loss was estimated at $20,000.; The Califormia mall had not arrived. The steamship Eranador had arrived from New, Orleanss oid Havannah-with dates to the 8th inst. The British ships-of-war Powerful and Arab were at Eavannahi. A splendid enitertainment had been given to Aaniiral Fanshawe and his officers at the Palace. The sugar-market was usettled. The state of trade was rather more satisfactory, but inanimate. Great improvement was expected to ensue from t.he peace. MIoney continued abundant, wvith an active demand at $7 to $9 per cent. for ffO0to 90 days"tna.. turities. Sterlinc, exchange closff at $9r per corn-meai dul, ana ripe flour 12c. to 20c. lower. The iron-market remained inactive. Scotchpig vwasirregular. Prices had a downward tendency, and were quoted $35 to $35 50c. Nro change in bars. Turpentine and spirits of turpentine were dull. Common resin had further advanced 2c. Exchanges on London were 9i to 9,5; Paris, 5f. iSic. to 5f.1 171c. 60 days, and 5f. 12c. short sight. Antwerp, 5f. 1Sc. to 5f. 17Ag; Hamburg, 36kto 36i. Cotton continued buoyant under the Cambria's advices, and an advance of an eighth had been established, with a fair business doing. Breadstuffs had receded 62W. to 7Mc., with only a moderate inquiry. Southern was riving more. MIess pork hnad advanced 5Qc.; other descriptions unchanged. Beef dull, but meats more plentiful, and prices declinled. Bacon dull, ham steady, butter lower and dull. Cheese had declined 5c. to 10c. Freights continued dull at 1-8th for cotton to Liverpool; flour, Is. 3d. to is. 6d. per barrel. To London, 2s. to 2s. 6d. per barreL To Havre, cotton, a cent per lb.; flour, G5G. per barrel. tBY ThEGRAPBt RO3L NEW ORIEANS.) Aram 11. The sales of cotton for the week ending to-day foot up 61,000 bales, and the increased receipts at all the southern ports 513,000 bales. Stock on hand, 398,000 bales. Cotton has advanced c. to ic. Sales to-day, 3,500 bales middling, at Joe. to 104c. Cottou sales to-day,' Arr.i 14. Cotton sales to-day, 2,500 bales. Middling is quoted at 10jc.
PnOCLAMATIOr OF PEAc$.-The following are the regulations to prevent obstractions of the thoroughfares in the lrne of procession from St. James's Palace to Temple-bar on the proclamation of peace, this day (April 29) :-No carriage will be permitted to pass, after half-past 10 o'clock in the morning, along the line of procession from St. James's Palace, Pall-mall, Charing,-cross, and the Strand, to Temple-bar, until the procession has passedh Ijoiw DAX,n;OusE ur Malta correspondent states that the steam-frigate Tribune, having on board lord Dalhousie,leftforEngland on the 20th in tow of the Emious paddlewheel fLigate. THE Coi.noxroN OF IE TATE Rm.SAiIuELRoGERs. -The sale of this very celebrated collection of works of art, the property of Samuel Ro"ers, the wealthy banker and esteemod poet, commences yesterday at Christie and Mlanson's. Their great room was crowded, and the Egtian antiquities realized high prices. No. 59. A beautiful Egyptian stone ornament, to be worn on the breast; in the centre is a scarabxeus, in a boat, between the goddess Isis and the goddess Nephthis. This important specimen was brought to this country by Belzoni-151. IO.. No. 70. Egyptianbronzes,consistingof a sphynx,formed of abeetle's body and a hawk's head, anda figure of Osiris, with his two sceptres-l1o. 10s. - No. 79. Egyptian marble3; a colossal head of Nephthis, in red grauite, inscribed with m-ny hieroglyphics. It formed part of the lid of a sarcophagus, and was found in the Thebaide, and brought to Roome by Basseggio. It is mounted ofi a maasive square pedestal of black marble, 4 ft. 11 in. high. In the cell below it is a small Egyptian statue of a priest, in black basalt, holding a shrine. The hieroglyphical writing upon it is in honour of Neith, the goddess of- Sais. It was made in the reign of Pharaoh Hophra, about 5o00 B.C.-64f. 1s. The specimens of antiouo Greek gold concluded the first day's sale, and are wel worth noticeNo. 94. A pair of very beautiful earrings, with cnrved to the surface covered with Grecian honeysuckles-&. O. No. 95. Anothef of great beauty, with a mermaid suPPorting a basket-18. 7s. -d. No. 97. A pair of very elaborate and beautiful earrings, each with a jaciuth andl numerous drops beneath-16O. lOs. No. 93. A beautiful fibu4a, with how-sbapecl top, elaborately ornamented with filagree and honeysuckle ornameats-209. No. 99. A very beautiful necklace, composed of fluted beads of glass, of light blue, with a gold flower between each bead, from which is suspended a fruit-shaped - gold ornament, a raile bust, of gold, suspended from the centre-171. 10s. No. 103. A pair of very beautiful bracelets, of blue glass, in two pieces, each joined with a gold'band; a gold lion and pine cone form the endsof each. Theseraro specimens were dfivwvered in a tomo at Rome.-40. No. i110. A group of three priestesses, 201. 9s. 63 No. 127. A fine fibula. surnounted by a winged lion, 23S. No. 129. A very fine large ibula, circular, with raised centre, circles of blue glass set in the inner rim, on which are female figures seated between ornaments; the outer circle formed of discs and trefoil; This rnique specimen is 2_inches in diameter, and was the gem of the colection. It fetched SL. No.133. The celebrated golden bulla, formed of two cuirved gold plates, lentil-shaped, united by a third gold Zlate bent double. Across this plate is inscribed " Host."iHos.' (Hostus flostiBius). Weight, 363 grains. (Note by Rogers.-' It was discovered among asaes and bunmt bones, in an um of red eartb, by some'lahoureTs in a vineyard about 12 mniles frona Rome, on the way to Albano. According to Faccaroni, the frst. boy who wore a bulla in Rome was Tullus Host'iAs, and this, in all probability,belonged to one of theirfauisly.') i-5Gf. 14s. No. 135. A portion ofa Greeknecld3ce, formed I of light fiat plates, with Victory in a biga suspended from I-It oval bo;ses, with -double honeysuclde. ornAxnents-Siz. | The produce of the fir3t day' sale amqulnted tQ 1i?,r1v QQ
PARLIAMENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMIO MS, Tues,DAY. .Aa'E: 29. xoncEs OF M OTIONS. Mr. Brady.-To ask if the Government intend giving instructions foi the prosecution of the man.Perkins and others, owners of "Leaving shops,"vvho appearedbeforeSirRol,ert Carden at Gub'dhall a few, days ago for receiving goods and lending moneY thereon vwithont har- - ing a pawvnbroker's leense9- Mr. Brady.~-To aski the Secretary of the Treasury if (in the event of the nlaw being fonud imperEect so as not to reaeh such cases as alluded totin his formner question) be intends introducing any measre thi:s session basng for its object the suppre33ion of places so incentiveto Marciulsol Blaudford.-To ask the Chief Commissioner of Works if he will state what arrangements have been made, or are contemplated. withreference to the performance of the miitary bnds in the public paMsron Sudays; thaT is to say wnt hich of the publie parks t io m proposed that the military bands should in future perform . an whether thera isany trnt in the statemeots that hareappared, that preparations are contemplatedein suchrpaiee foor theaccommodation of the performerss andthe publiciby the erecieon of an orhestra ands place forthe eats of reireshmente r Mr. L. H g,-Bill to repeat certain stat ntes 'whichare sleeping asn 3Ir. Olabon.-To call the attention of the }fouse to atphEitegnfro certain inhabitants of the pan-ibme of Kilbegnet and Ballynakill, county Gaed ay. presented on the ilt of March last year and to move for the ppointmentof a.select esuitteetooinvestigate the allegaions of onclepetitons. and to consider ithe expediency of devfsng means for r raiing the wholesle depopulation of rturl destricts in sre- Nf. Tte vood-Select o commttee to inwewhc hat pubg c mearures can be adoPted to advance science and improve the position of iSa coltivatorse lMr. Olvetm.-To call the attention of the Honse to the high duty charged on foreign and colonial ines, and to mres with a view tu promoteinoreased cmmercal prelaeionsew FranceD Span, Portuga and other wine-growing oastries that the Vonuse ila resolve itself into a committee o take into oc sderaion a sedtion of the same. Sir B. Perrye-In caling the attention of the iunte to the state of the lawv of propertY as it afects manried wtomen to move reaoiutiopst- 1. That the role of the comnmon lawv wvhich gires on marriage l11 the pewrsonal property of awom an. andralb stoequentlyor andproperty and earnings u to her h isbmdh are njsigt in principse and inthons in thenr operation. 2. That the principles of courts of equity which recognire separato property in siusrited wvoman, and give hereall the rights of orvnerehiP. in shyropesty. are much mawr jest. ll. That.in atheoopinionoofothisHouse, the prinples of equit yought to beadeptedas thebasis of agenerml 3awof property witulgrd to maried w omen. Nr. Xapter.-1hat an humble addresa be preseated to 3Ier Malesty. praying that she wil be graciously pleased to take into her consideration the formation of a separate and responsible department of admminitraiEan for the affaira of pubicjustiee. Mr. Whiteside.-Selsct Coassedttee to inquire into the circumstances of the purchase of the machineand invention. for Perfoeatingpostage labels hy the Government from oler. orcher. the inventor; ao ar4into the circumstances nder w hich the eSisting agreeents bewree" the Governmr et and the cotrsactors forgnumming andrntingthe poKage and receipt label wer anmde.o- Mr. reillatne-Thath in the opton of thise Hu,r it th expesient thaT. public executions should be abolished, and that in fnSare all sentences of death hecarried ito citec wiihin the walls of aprison, beforetrnpwe and suffcent . iteesse 3fr orefaLl,-Jeturns respecting the Cestom-horre at 3iiverpoo'. Mr. W.MWcatnes-Copy of the Treas,ny minute which sporinrme the purchase of pensions charged on revenue deparlments. Mr. Groaln,-dret urashewino thenumber ofproof gallons of L4itish spirits on which duty was pian r Yeand in the year endig the 31se of Iecember 1811. the amomntof dutsreceived on Iamoe the debcieacD b ntity and in strength on such graiLons. i d ties aflowahce made by the Inland mevemue for nsuh deficicy, m in preof gallons and money. fr. CMer,tneyh-Adtress for copies of iarther payers reltive to tha recent Arctic epelitions in search of SirJohn Franklin and the crewa o£ f Her Ma3jesty's ships ~Ehnbs anDd Terror. including the reports of Dr. la;ne and o mttessrs. t t deret n u el teoart; sad, of any co roresodence rative to the aduudicatlon of the rosardforthe discoveryof the north-w est passage. Nr. NaGirtner.-:tJeturn of the P me age. date of appointment, salaries, atd othervcngol mtens of alchtaocers of thes onolventgDebtoc ard Bankruptcy Courtsin o 3lryandt mNr. Palk-Addrnsal or return of te numfber o£ wills proced ant administrations gr anted in each year dung the lart lise ers. by the Episcop al Archde1con3 y andlecul CourItsproioedtcvle abo- ihedubythe GllsandAdMtnistrationsBill, showing the number of probates and admnist,atiens in ec leyar, nurder 1e8hy mierato1' of stamp dutyt Mrn Collier, -ThatCaiproposalslforthe consoldation.of tbe statu law, submattedrtotheStatutedaw- Commisdiontbynay member of it. beGrintedandJlaid uponmthe table ln the-house,. BMr. John Abel Smithr-lae)urn of the medcal o r nuder the }Toor-lawr acb . che?wing the name of eachL smion.nnsco£ distriets into which divided, population of each district,ae of acLresi of cash district. andamount of saLarypaidte each medca officer. rtating the amount Of annulal *atary. cr amoant of tee lac pas id by easwe; the return to be made uP to I:a.y-day fbr each of the three years endimg the 25'h of .March, 1513,. 1814, and lSi55respectively. Vicount Goderieb.-Bi'd to amenDd the. ac: 15th and 17thL of tVictoria, ehap. 15, intitled " AnEAt to a$men the InusrIal adproainent Societieos Act, 1112. Wbcbwsool Forest. Bill.-omruttbee. lankets' Compositioos Bill-Thirds'.ding. :' 1'all of lKarss-.djourned' debate therespon. Grand Jury Asseameata BIelnd) BiL-aeCdl readsing. Buril Grounds (IrelanLd) Bill.-t ComarttSee
MEBCHANTT SL" S' F-' --The uisual yearly acoount, just issue&, shows vhatt hVtotal receipta laat year, under the Seamnen'!;Fand Winding-up Act. amounted fo. 122,6621., and the total expen-ture to S4,4821., leaving a& balance of 33,1SO. In ISW 226B pensions, to the amoxit. of 6,433L. were nted; while 2608, to the amount af, 5,20Z., expiret On the 31si of December, 1855, there wsxp. 26,230 pensiomers. on the fund, the a,grepte amoun! of whose penSiv0S-was 62,501..; ;3,351f. was recreived last year from the maters of vessel an1the collector, of Custoi4. il the colonies for the vwaes and effects of 3,617 deceadiseamnen, ane 20,8971 wasaid overto the relatives atu renpeIsentatvosof 1,823 deceasedseamen. LAU-P-OPE}L rST COr( .-At a 3yiebow} vosbL on S&iurday Dr. (:ay brought up a report and,siemoI. for trnasniissionlo the Rome-office from the msiWtarY foesaatbee on the subject of the dangero's prctite b puvssed bF ihe drivers of cAbs and other public vehield in W dead bodies and patients afflicted with fevoa smsa]l-ox " other contagious diseases in their vebi*.; the re)a11o ve. commending that Sir George Grey, ;i2aP Home Socreaw,. shousldhbe memorialized to stop snel. i.l rming proocedings, by inipoeing dines on the drivers, and plLacing o-.her simililar resrictions on' persons guiltv of such erces'dingjy dangerQ135 practices. Af fter snme 7^csso tho raport and mnen.ovial were Isnanuxneusy ad.,pted, and several 'entlewOn veru bPPOLltVd tQ ^ai upooiz ,!it (egrge -ry oaUI wiiubJect.
INDIA- AD CHITNA. (A potkoncf the foUowing appeared in our second edition of vorly .II ,. ...~_I; . ^t? . . t ., I My thel apival of the Overland -Mail we have receted out private letters and journals from Bomby to th- 2d of April; aoutti, 22d of March; and Hongkong to th-e 15th of Nfarch. Our Bombay correspondent writes "BOMBAY, Art 2. "lThe accounts from Oude continue to be perIAtIT satisfactory.- After- numerous delays and much vacillation, the dethroned King quitted Lucknow on the 13th of MIarch, and proceeded to Cawnpore, where he is likely, it is said, to reni'ain for some time, preparing, perhaps, for his journey to England. His departure was unattended by any popular ferment, and, indeed, appears to have made no sensation at all. In picturesqueness of appearance, indeed, the city has suffered by the loss of its Sovereign and the breaking up of his C6urt. The richly-caparisonedc elephants are gone, and the erowds of gaily dressed attendants, and all the brilliant, if often tasteless and tawdry, magnificence of an Oriental Court. In their place are seen but the uniform red cost and white-covered forage cap or the shooting-jacket- aud grotesque sun-hat of the palefaced lords of India. But if the city has lost in splendour it has gained in purity. The British Hercules has leansed the Augean stable of the Court, and the foul parasitic swarm of either or of no sex, broken up and dispersed, has vanished into those dark. recesses from which the miserable King evoked it. " The raising of the various regiments which are to form the contingent progresses favourably. Several regiments of the Bengal establishment are cantoned in diffierent partsaof the country, and at Lucknow itself Hler Majesty's 52d Light rnfantry Fre in excellent quarters, in the ex-King's cavalry .lines. The Commissioners of the several districts j-re hard at work with the arrears of the troops of -the late Government. So confused and complicated * re the accounts that a settlement of the matter w*ill -be attended with much labour and no little difficiIty. " TZhe principal' news from Burmah is the completea deathuction of Prome by fire on the 25th or 2!8th of-February. The cause of the catastrophe is nots lnown, but incendiaries are thought to have -been at work. The hous,es were for the most -part *of very alight and inflammable materials, andthe fre spread fast, the Burmese, as on the occasion of the great fire at Rangoon some months ago, giving no assistance in suppressing it. Among the other buildings the gaol was destroyed. and -the cutcherry or mag,istrate' office was saved -with difficulty. The loss of propertyhas not yet been' estimated, but is supposed to be very great. In rebuilding the place it is suggested that new and stringent regulations should be published and enJorced regarding the roofing of the houses and the mode of construction generaly. " The balance-sheet of the province of Pegu for 1854-55 has been published. When, three years -ago, this country was annexed to our Indian empire, it was the general opinion that the newly-acquired territory would, after payig 'its expenses contribute its quota to the general revenue. -;o great -and so evident were its natural -advantages in -s most fertile soil, noble timber, extended water-comunication inland, and an admirable port, that the expectations of our rnlers were possibly raised to a somewhat extravagant height. . Consequent upon this exaltation came a proportionate or more than proportionate depression when it was discovered tnat the singular paucity of the inhabitants of this favoured country rendered labour so searce as mi places to be hardly procurable. - But the better informed and more sanguine maintained, that the natural capabilities of the provinee being unexaggerated and Indisputable, thelackofiabourers, though -a great, was only a temporaiy evil, and that Pega must ultimately pay. Such were the anticipations -of the Friend of Inda, which now, in proof that -they have been realized refers to the' balance.sheet of the province in the third year of our possession. Already it has ceased to be a loss -to the empire. The account shows a surplus of -nearly four lacs of rupees (4%0?001.), or, if we deduct the extraordinar y expenditure and receipts, a surplus of about 10,0001. a-year. -Nor is this alt We are assured that the revenue of the present year has risento 28 lacs, while the expenditure has ine din a much smaller proportion. Pe, therefore, so far frombeing a drag upon-the finances of the empire, already 'contributes I00,0001. a-year towards the general expenditure. The war cost the empire a million sterling. The return is equal to 10 percent., and the conquest is therefore by Manches- ter morality most amply justified. This surplus is of course- not yet available. There are public works in progress which will consume it thrice -over, and many of them in a pecuniary sense -are altogether unproductive. -That item of expense must, however, be speedily at an end, and neither the interest on the outlay nor the charge of repairs can rery materially reduce the surplus. To meet the deficiency in the amount of labour -and enable Pegu to develope to the full its splendid resources, it is strongly pressed upon the Governfnent to establish regular steam communication be-tween CaIcutta, 1adras, and Rangoon. The ordimary laws of supply and demand will, it is urged, do the rest. Already, indeed, they are beginning to operate in inducing the people to cross3the Bay of Bengas] even in the wrretched native vessels, in search of a'land where their labour is four times as- vaitable-as in their native villages. The interference of Government could do no more than regulate and control this inevitable emigration, and insure its being conducted to the benefit both of the province .and of the emigrants. " One of the two war-steamers which were de-apatched to the Persian Gulf when the news first 4arived of the quarrel between Mr. Murray and the Court of Teheran returned a few days ago. At Bushire, when the ship left, all was perfectly quiet, ana there were rumours of arrangements at the capital tending to the settlement of the question between the Shah and our Ambassador. With regard to Herat, and to what, if any, share Persia has had in the capture of the place, there exists, at present, considerable uncertamty. That she regards with satisfaction the fall of the town into the hands of Prince Yousouf as an event favourable to her own.- interests appears certain; but that she openly aided the adventurer in his attempt, or, indeed, that the Prince has up to this moment been *oined. by any Persian, is now strenuously denied. *I'achiFe ,haedi alone, as we are told, that he achi senterprise, and hais only constitute hsadherents and foDlowers.. It is, of course, con-ceivabIe that he may be secretly the -tool of Persia, in spite of the apparent freedom of that Power from any participation in or sanction of his undertaking; hut no overt act has been done in -violation of the treaty under which the Shah is bound nor to add. the city of Herat to his dominion3. In addition to assurances of this nature we are now given to understand that the treaty of last year between Doet Mahomed and the ,British Government is not, as has been supposed to be the case, an engagement reciprocally 'of aid and defence, and that it by no means binds "us togc towar with Persia as allies of the Ameerin an attempt on his part against Herat. "An interesting ceremony took-place at Peshawiur on the 13th of MLarch, in the presentation to an ,ffghan named Nazir Khairoolah Khan (father of one of Dost Mahomed's wives) of a dress - of honour, and a documnent from Lord Dalhousie, conferring upon him a pension of 500 rupees a-month, in return for great kindness shown by hini to Stoddart and Conolly,while in prison at Bokhara. Colonel (better known as Mf ajor) Edwardes, who presided, detailed to the assemblage of officers and native chiefs how that the Nazir, a rich merchant of Cabul, chancing to yisit Bokhara when the two English officers were imprisoned there, advanced them, at great personal risk, sums amounting in all to 3-5,000 rupees, enabling them to live in some sort of comfort; that the King of Bolkara heard of this, and immediately seized his person and sequestited all his jewels and property; that, at length he escaped to Cabul, and, proceeding to Peshawur, told his tale to the Colonel, and produced as vouchers for its truth the little scraps of paper on -which appeared the acknowledgments of -the two officers; andthat the Colonel represented his case to the Governor-General, who ordered for him the pension and the dress of honour, besides directing the -reuayinet in ful of the 35,000 rupees. "c A letters from up-country stations, whether in the Decan or the North-West provinces, speak of the unusuat intensity of the heat, attribhtable, no doubt, to the scanty supply of rain last year. Here, where, we have the steady sea-breeze, the same cause hajs not produced the same effect. But the w ater is falling fast, and mre have 'two months to waitbefore the clouds help us.. "The railway companies are commencing Ito bring im supp`'e1,-t bdtnot as yet in any large quantity. In-)rder to economi ze as far as possible the reniaining '" Stck,l a bill was _pre- ted- -by the Adv6c;ate A-enCeral -of Bombay, and h beenpassled 'by -the -Legislative :Council i5 rapidly as possible, in compliance with requests from high quarters, -under. which tanks, and wells, being private property, but not in or under any occupied hsouse,'may be taken temporarily' auner cbarge of the police, forthe purpose of insuringthe proper and equal use and preventing the wate of the drinkable wRater contained therein. :Compensa-. tion is to be allowed to theowners and te all who may suffer loss or injury; from the- measure. The act is to remain in operation for six months. ';,Lord BIphinstono does not intend to leave -Bombay till towards the end of the month, and then not for Mahabulesiwar, but for a- new hill.station called Matheran, which is now coming into vogue a good deaL. It is not more (or much more) thaii half as high as Mahabuleshwar, which is 4,50O feet, but it has the great advantage of being very easily accessible from Bombay. In three hours, by rail and pony-back, you are at the top, or will be so when the line opens tothe foot of the ghaut next month. Sir . R. Somerset -leaves for. Mahabuleshwar after the arrival of the next steamer. "Since the termination of the native holidays, a fortnight since, trade has worn an improved appearince, and the arrival of the last English mnail had a favourable effect upon' the export market. Eichange on England has declined." ' ' COMMEIAL INTEIGENCE. THE CAICUTTA MARKET. - (From the CCatutta Engltisman of Marcli 22.) In consequence of the London news of the 10th of Februiary supporting the previous expectations ;of peace, by the continued firmness of Consols,and the depressioj in the prices of most articles affected by thev war, our produce-market is-in a rather languid state, shippers not feeling safe to operate at present prices, 7nd the dealers being unwilling to reduoe,a they can mostly afford to hold, and know that by firnness, ships must be loaded, they have a chance of getting their demandsconceded.. Indigo is in most active demand at the full value under late home quotations. Sugar is being freely talen both for Great Britain and Australia. Silk also is wanted for shipment, and corahs are inquired for. Seeds are still being tiken for America. Rice is not being shipped so freely. Wheat neglected. In hides sgood business doing. In jute low freights have tempted purchasers. Most of tho minor articles are quiet, except castor oil, which is again receiving attention. The Government opium sale of the 10th instant realized nearly 35 lacs to the Treasury, oran increaseontheFebruiary sale of 2,25,775 r. This increase was mainly owing- to the usual gambling operations in this market, arising out. of an opiniongenerally current thatthere wouid.be a short supply of Patna for the ensuing ye r; we think it is to the credit of the Government, who of course benefit by ligh prices, that they took steps to allay any such fears, by the publication of-a letter from the opium agent of Behar, contrsdieting the reports in tihe bazaar, and stating that the accounts received to date were, on the contrary, very favourable, and " promising an abundant harvest ;" it is still, however, said that the Maiwa crop will be short. We have been somewhat-'surprised- during the last few days at perceiving among our exports the prohibited artideof saltpetre being cleared for Fran'ce in- French vessels; it is'stated that this relaxation of the act of the Legislature of India hsas been7 permitted under orders from home, the saltpetre being in execution of certain contracts on theopart of a French commercial company to supply the French Governlnentvwith this article. i: : Some heavy arrivals have rather flattened ourfpieoe goods market, but as stocks are far from heavy and.the markets above in an equally sound-position, unless sales be forced, we- see no reason to aniticipate any reduction ian prices; indeed itis most satisfactory to observe the enormous quantities of cotton goods which our market has of late taken off, and generally at prices affording a fair remuneration to the manufacturer, so that we may look for a continuance of the trade to its present extent; and when railroads open up the resources of the interior it is impossible to say to wvat extent markets may be found for British -fabrics, in return for the produce which will then become available for expdtt Twist, though. rther: doll at the morient, -is alsa in a healthy position; stocks have rather been iIcreased latterly, but are still far from heavy. Metals continue very, * The Money-market has 'experienced no change, nor can we hope for any until the Bank of Bengal is in a better position and can afford to lo*er its rates of interest ' and discount, but which we do not look for until the close; of the Burimah rice season, when the drain 'of - secie 'for that quarter will cease. - Some anniety is said to exist as'to the probable large amount our shippers may lose upon their operations, - inhe event of a sudden termint.tion of the war; doubtless it may cause temporary inconvenience, but we- think the profits the trade has lately yielded can sustain s rebuff, and letters seem to say that a' reaction may be looked for after the first brunt of the change from a state of war to thatof peace. - The Bank of Bengal accounts for the week ending 12th iast., compared with the preceding week's return, exbibit the following changes:- Governmenft ecuraties had been decreased 2,07,591r.; cash, 3iint certificates and dues from Government show a decrease of 31,33,54r.; -Government bills -discounted had increased by 34,91r.;' loans oni deposit and accounts of credit with mercantile bills discounted exhibit an increase of 7,75,504r.; shovwing that the commercial commnunity hadagain enhanced their engagements to that 6xtnt. The it.ms of udran n cash credits, current accounts, and other claims showed an aggregate reduction of -the liabiities of 19,21,391r., added to a decrease of bank-notes and post bis 6,09,422r.,andmade tho total reduction of liability 25,30,813r., aist-decrease of avaSable assets above noted, 31,33,654r., thus proving th bank to be then about 6 lacs ins worseposition than thewtek before. - ' - Doubtless the large decrease of 31 lacs in the Bank's available ineans was far from compensated by the decrease of liabilities; but the call upon the Bak was not unexpected; it was the - contingency the directors had been providing agiainst for some months past, and ve think the brunt of the demarid forBurmah has passed, and, the Bankhaving at that dato in cash nearly half the am ount of its issue in notes-ind pest bills, weo ace not the slightest reason to look otherwise than hopcefully as to'the future state of our money-mnarket. besides, we observe that, jn bills and silver we receive 3S lacs by the present mall, which should help to make matters easier. Al going to press we are able to state that the Bank accounts to the 19th instant show the following imnproved position of affairs:-the available assets are increased o,74,157r. ; investments are less by 3,86,833r.; the liabilities on accounts and for issae are increased 1,87,325r.; so -that the Bank has very nearly bettered its position 4 lacs in the last week, and wMhicb, with the arrival of funds by the steamer, will doubtless continue to improve. Government securities have fluctuated during the fortnight, but the tendency has generanly -been do-wnward, and perhaps the state of the Bank's accounts have heled the movement. Business was at one time steady in Company's Fours at 13r. 8a. and 14r., but latterly they have beeni offered at 15r., and at cos,ing we quoto 14r. 12a. to'15r. 4a.; Siccas, say from 17r. to l7r. 8a., we quote 17r.';-Net Fives were at one time at a premium of lr. to lr. 4a., but paper having been freely offered on the market the rate has again -declined to from 4a.to 8a. premium. Shares.-The Assam Company have held their halfyearly meeting, and the report of the directors shows that the crop of 1g5354 weighed out 46,142 lb. over the estimate, giving an actual increase of 153,731 lb. upon the produce of 1852-53. The crop of8 455now coming down Is expected to equal 6,00,000 lb., or an increase of 75,600 lb. over tho previous year. Neither the report nor theLresolra-, tions state the amount of profit made or the dividend declared, but since the meetmig we hear of some shares h'aving been purchased at 230 rs. The India General Steam Navigatidon Copany held their meeting on the l7th inst., and decided to makea dividend at the rate of 14 per cent. per anntim, although it was shown to- the shareholders that this could only be done by anticipating the assets pertaining to the.current haLf-year. The profits of the past half-year-vere very god, but a. portion dad, under previous votes, of the shareholders, been appropriated to the keeping up of the block of the concern. The deed of this compang should be altered; so 'as to enable ab- ient shareholders, who hold as a permanent investment, and not on mere speculatio.n, in some degree to control the acts of their Calcutta co-proprietors. 6 We may also state that the Ganges SteamTa'vigationl Company have had an equally prosperous half-years statement to make to their shareholders, having with three vessels made nine voyages, grossing 3,07,187r. - deduct expenses 1,59,900r., leaves asprofit on the six monthsi,47,287; of which it appears that 15,OoOr. is placed to the depreciation of block (a safe and commendable mode of keeping the acconuts), 6,800r. is Dnut down for discount on Co.'s paper held, and outof the bafance a dividend at the rate of 28 per cent. per annum is proposed to be made, which, on the capital of 6,00,000r., divided into 400 shares of 1,500r. eac, "ill be 210r. per share, and still leave 60,OOOr. to a reserve funnd truly the respetable position of this company is highlk creditable to the present able management. 1'he Steam Tug Association held their half-yearly meeting on the 17th instant, and also with most satisfactary ,ccounts, the earnin's having been 2,65,006r.; expenses, 1,51,684r., in addion to 26.71k . paidafor-repairs of the Powerful and other dock bills, leaving a balance of 82,S85r., out of which a dividend was declared at the rate of 14 per cent. per annum, or 70r. per share for the half-year; 40,000r. were placed to the cost of a new boat, and the balance of 5,600r. to wear and tear account; the meeting also decided on an increase of 24 lacs to their capital, to be appied to the provision of new boats, to meet the annually increasing demand for their services, the new shares to be assigned. in equal proportion to the holdersof the pgasent stock of the company. These accounts of our several steam companies show the increasing prosperity of this presidency, for they are all based upon the actual business of the port. T 'he East India Coal Company have now-come before the public with their prospectus, the statements in which are being impugned by the present manager of the Bengal Coal Company, and on which we mayhereafter have to comment when both parties bave had theit say; meantinie, it would be prudent for all those seeking investment to waitch this correspondence in the daily papers and draw their own coaclusions as to tho real position o' thie new compay. All shares are buoyanc at our q~uotatioms, and doubtless when the Linilited Liability A&ct -passes our Legildative iCouncil we shall have a fewr more associations to employ A.1e sPMr capital of the comuiyn pnxgttth e sucsof the country.'. rmnt noeigottez 'We understnd from a London letter that the Court of D)irectors say that the charter of the London slid EAstemn Banking Companly does 'not. authorize them to do banking -business in Iiidia, hut whiclh we believe is opposed to hizh legal opiniion in Bombay,- so probably the directors of ta *establasment mnay test the power of the Government,of Indi'atcilimiititas atiols iinderxachazrtrfromatlheCro*n. Excbange.-The rate for this mail opened at 2.2f for fist class credits, and was showing synijtoms of going down, but, the Orientalle6tting off*a few lame at A,, drawers evinced More desire to sell, aind were content to-acetpt the j -with j~ for less knbwn paper, and as high as 4 to J for documenit bills;somae 90-days bank bills were also placed at 2-11,'which at thec p)resent rate of interest at bome is equal to 2-21 for six imonthse sight bills. but atp resent there is very little doing. On the whole we bellieve tbe transactions by thIsmail to be below a~n average, and we close stiffat o frced, and 2-2a to A for document hill'sxmotsigt h amour.t of silver and Company'sbil uttohn ma have an effect upon our transactiosfrntma,fr which we hear of engagements in atcpto ttert of 2-21 for Amierican credits. The rt nCiai 1r to 220r. per $100 ;on Mauritius 5o4 54 cet hvbei done.-ctshaebn Freights. -For some dlays the heavyarrivals create a, sort of Vanic in this inarket, and one s'hipi, requiring to fi1 up in a given time, had to arrange to ldo so on very lor terms_, lute being taken at 21! this however soon rallied the sliiPpers and rates reviveWxlittle~,en,ngexuents being enotered into maore freely, and they eventually subsided to miore moderate fSgures; but business is i-ather dull, and we have yet to see the effect of letters only just to hand, as the Easter holydays commeince, 'anLd whsch, oultirring at the Hooley festival, put a stop to business for a time. The following charters have be-en entered into :--Thoe Daphne
EGYPT. (FIOM OUR OWN CORRBSPONDXNT.1 ALEXANDRI, Apri 20. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Pera arrived here yesterday with the London mail of the 10th of April, which was thus' brought to Alexandria in eight days, and, as there will be nro * *:Nat Suez, this mail will have been transmitted to t-in a shorter time than any preceding mail. Be.- ajesty's steam surveying vessel Tartarus is here, and is in the first instance to make an accurate survey of the coast of Egypt. The report on the coast of Damietta and Tineh, where the projected Suez Canal is to join the Mediterranesn, will tend much to assist the public in England in coniing to a conclusion with regard to the practicability of the canal across the isthmus. A new Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies has just: passed through Egypt on his way to his post. On the 18th he had an official intelrview with Said Pasha, whom he presented with the insignia and decorations of some Dutch order, for what object is not known, and Said Pasha did not seem to appreciate the honour imposed upon him. After making a portion of the embankment for the line of railway between Alexandria and Mareotis, Said Pasha seems to have abandoned the idea of completing this work. The works -connected with the deepening of the Mahmoudieh Canal were commenced on the 8th inmst., with about l00,000 labourers, and it is expocted that it will be completed by the begainiiing of oIay, when the canal will be again navigable, and the trade of Alexandria will resume its wonted Activity, as since last January little or no produce, except cotton, has' been brought down from the interior, and the vessels in the harbour havefound great difficultyin completing theircargoes. The Pasha has already deepened the important canal of Damanour, which feeds the. Mahmoudieh canal at low Nile, and is mnking, or has ordered to be made, several good roads m the interior, connecting the principal towns,allwhich will eventually be very beneficial to the country. IRS igHhness has also ordered a lighthouse to boe erected at 'Suez, the lantern to be brought ouit from England, which will be of: very great advantage to the steamers on arriving at Suez by night. Trade in Alexandria is very-dull, the only commercial transactions being contracts for wheat deliverable in August or September next, and some sales of cotton- which is brought down by railway and on camels' backs. The sloop Elphinstone had returned to Arden from Hodeida, and the steamer Queen from Jedda. Things are now comparatively quiet along the coast of the Red Sea. The appearance of the cholera among the Aseir tribes and the ravages which it cauaed while besieging Hodeida, has saved the whole country from a worse scourge. The chief of the Aseir tribe fell a victim to the disease, which was the signal for the return of the tribe to t heir own districts. A French brig had left Aden for the Mauritius with 200 emigrants, and more men 'were being recruited for the plantations. After September next steamers are to ply regularly between the Mauritius; Suez, and Aden. The Hon. East India Companv's steamer Feroze, which brougyht Lord Dalhousie to Suez, left Suez on the 10th for'Jedda, having on beard the newly appointed Sheriff of Mecca and 100 persons of his suite. The new Sheriff is an old rman, quite in his. dotage, and totally unfit to exercise authority and keep in order the excitable inhabitants of Arabia. Included in the Sheriff's retinue are 25 female Circassiari slaves, who were given to him by, the Sultan on his leaving Constantinople. The present of slaves shows theinconsistency of the Turkish Government, and the spirit with which they inter- pret their new constitutional laws and the anti- I slavery acts. The weather on the coast of Syria has lately been very bad, and the shipping has suffered very much. The English bark Jessica, of Leith, was wrecked at Jaffa, anl; sold to the harbourmaster for 3301. Five hundred irregular cavalry, raised at Damascus by Colonel Bruce, have deserted in a body from -Acre- with the exception of about 40, and carried off with them' the arms and accoutrements provided for them by the English. The birth of the son of Louis Napoleon was celebrated at Jerusalem with great pomp on the Is; of April. The consuls hoisted their flags, and in the evening the principal houses were illuminated. TheX English. Consul had a reception, which was attended by the Pasha and the heads of the Latin, Greek-, and Armenian churches; and the French Consul gave a diplomatic dinner, with fuieworks in the evenig. I A serious disturbance has taken place at Nablous. The Rev. Mr. Lyde, Englsh missionary, was leaving Nablous when a half-vitted Arab, looked upon by the natives as'a dervish, or holy mnan, asked him for baksheesh, and seized the'muzzle of his gun, which was lying before him on his saddle, when the gun went off and killed the man. The Arab population immediately rose, plundered the house of the English consular agent, the English school, and a Greek church, pulled down the English and French flagstaffs, wrapped old shoes into the English and French flags, which they tore and threw into the street, and ended by killing the father of the Prussian consular agent, who was attempting to defend the property of the English. Mr.Lyde took refuge in the Governor's house, and wvas brought to Jerusalem by an escort of cavalry sent for him by the Pasha. Thenorth of Syria is in a very disturbed state, and in and about the mountains there are 30,000 men carrying arms, and the Turkish government as administered at present would be quite powerless against any rising araoncg the people. The house of Mr. Bowen's isucessor at Nablous, Mr. Zeller, was broken into, and the furniture and books were destroyed. The new decree of the Sultan conferring rights on all Christians had been publicly read at Yablous a short time previously, and the minds of the Mahommedans becAme very much excited about it, as also by the putting up a bell in the Protestant place of worship. Exchange on London, 991 piastres the pound sterling.
Gn&sGow, April 26.-Cotton.-The week's busi-a ness in cotton wool has been large.; prices -Ad. per lb. hikher. i The market closes firmly and quietly. A steady busmnes3 has been done in goods and yarns at full and advancing i picea. BuyeTs, however, aro now exercising considerable caution in their purchases, and tho'business loingin the end of the week was rather limited. Iron.-There has been some fluctuation in our pig iron-market during the past week, and prioes are now slightly lower tban on this day se'nnight; thetone of themarket is, hoverver, buoyant. Shipmentshave been and continue tobeheasfy. A rumour,: industriously circulated on Thursday, that themen oustrike l ad resumed work, caused a sglight panic, during which' m. ns. were quoted at 73s. 6d. cash; the report, however.' Iproved to be without foundation, the men generally being as determined as ever to stand, out aainst any reduction in their wagos ; in consequence, prices have recovered to 75s.. which is the closing quotation to-day ; sellers shy. No. 1 g.an.b., 76s. ; No. 3, 73s. 6d. ; Gartsherrie, No. 1, 79s., cash aginsi bill of lading.
1- FOREWI NTBLLrGZNCB. FRANCE. i I I I - D follo*ing appeared ia our socond edition of ye. !-r OX *oT1. OWN C ooxYSMN i ! PA.S, Stnunjr, AiML 27, 6 '.- The Plemi otentiaries met to-diy at 3 o'clock at the hotel o ithe tirt for Foreign Affairs. They werein'fulluniform. Theyproceeded at onceto an exchange of the ratifications- There were present, for Auitria,'M. de Hubner; for France, Count Walew.ki and Baroin Bourqueney; for Great Britain, Lord Cowley;-for Psia, Count Xatzfeldt; for RussiaJ Count - Orloff and Baron: Brunow; for Sardinia, the M.Iarquis dc Villamarina; and for Turkey, Aali Pasha. and ?hemet D3emil Bey. At 10 olock the Secretaries. attached to the Legations of the Powers represented in the Congress had amselmbled in the iame place, in order to collate, with the Chef du Bureau du Protocole,-the instruments of ratification. The minutes of the exchange of ratifi,cation were then drawn up, and at thor sitting of the Congress at 3 o'clock the Pleuipotentiaies affixed their signatures To -Treaty of Peace will be conimnuicated tomorrow to the Senate and Legislative Corp5. On Tuesday the Moniteur wfill publish the treaty and its annexes, and on VVednesday the protocols. Count Cavour, who. arrived here yesterday from LEondon, left this morning at 9 o'clock for Turin. Baron Brunowr leaves Paris in. 15 days, and M. de Bourqueney returns to his post as Ambassador to Vienna in June. The statement of the Ind.ipendatw,e Bedge about General do la Rue going as Ambassador to St. Petersburg is not correct. The journals publish the followving tegraphic despatches:- g "MARSEILMES, APRIL 26. ' Tho Thabor has just arrived, with accounts from Constantinople of the 17th inst. 'aIt *as believed that Eupresli 31ehemed would be appointed Ambassador of the Sublime Porte at St. Petersburg. t" VelyPasha, Go.rernor of Candia, had sentA present of l8,000 orangesto the French hospitals at Constantinople. "'The -gunboats Grenade, ileche, Eclair, and Flamme had reached the Bossphorus on their way to Frause. "Letters from the Crimea of the 15th state that the Trident and Gemappes ships of the line had taken on board 4,000 French soldiers, whose term of service bad expired. The evacmation of the Crimea by the French armny was to be effected by divisions, beginning with thoeFirst One-half of the Sordinians had already been embarked. "TTle blockade in the Crimea was raised on thel3th, and a convention, regulating the communications betweenthe Rus. dans and the allies, had been signed by the Generals-inChief. The 'weather was magnificent, and the health of the army rapidly improves. "Itwas reported that Marshal Pelissier would leave at the end of April for Constantinople,, and thence proceed to France. He had paid a visit to General Luders,who returned it on the 14th. The Marshal entertained- him at a break-fast, during which the greatest cordiality prevailed. "The Commander-in-Chief of the Rssian ay attend. ed in the evening at the theatre. Trade had recovered somo activity at Kaniesch and Balaklava. "The Pera Journal states that the movement of the Persma~ troops towards Herat was not directed against the English, but against Dost, Mahomed, 'who was plundering the neighbouring provinces and nuenacing Kborasan. "The accounts from Athens were rather alarming. It was said that squadrons of English cavalry were to reinforce the garrison of the city.. A change in the order of succession to the throne of. Greece was also talked of. These lumours, however,-required confirmation. "The price of wheat has declined at Marseilles." "TRIESTE Ararm 26. "A Christian having accidentally killed a Mussulmmn, the Tarks of 19ablouz attacked the houses of the Consuls and murdered the Consul of Prussia." - The 11Won-ite7r publishes the returns of the principal x'erchandise imported, into France during the first quarter of 1856, and of the. Customs levied thereon, which amunoted to 38,548,100f. As comnpared with' 1855 there is an increase of 189,472f., and of 8,431,997f. over the corresponding period of 1854. The receipts of the month of March were 14,382,224f., or 667,447f. less than in M;arch, 1855. The salt-tax produced 7,661,217f. during the first quarter of. 1856.
THE COz2N TADE. CORN EXCHANGE, MARK-L,NE. APIr 28. '"here were fair arrivals of wheat and flour last week; tho other supplies were moderate. The exports were, 489 quarters of wheat, and 72 saels of firur. Of native wheat there were 7,525 quarters, of foreign 6,720 quarters, mostly fromz the Baltic And Hambmu. The morning's supply from Rent and Essex was moderate. Higher rates were asked at the commencement; but onwy is. more was obtained for fine white v;heat; for red prices were firm.' The inquiry for foreign was decidedly improved, a good deal of low quality quitted for the country at prices not before obtainOf country flour there were, 14,176 sacks; of foreign, 1,423 sacks and 5,336 barrels, of which 1,800 barrels came fromnavre. Higherrates were askedforNorfolk, 47s. being paid, with holders to 48s. American and Spanish were also fully Is. per barrel and sack dearer. - The baArey supply consisted of 2,661 English, and 1,336 foreign Trade continued steady for all sorts, at fully former rates.' : NO change took place in the value of malt. Of oats, there were, from Denmark, Sweden, and Holland, 9,614 quarters, with 3,750 quarters from Ireland, and only 683 quartersBritish. There va's a fair business, and prices fully equal to the previous Monday. Linseed was-rn small supply-viz., 160 quarters. from ILiSau, tiEo.exports being $31 quarters. Contemplated sales being withdrawn therowa a good demand, with some reaction in sellers' favour. A lingering demand still exists for cloverseed, at unaltered prices, stocks being very limited. Tames quite neglectedF Canaryseed, hempseed, rapeseed, and other soeds unaltered. A Asoountot:10rn arrvedinLondonfrom Apri 21 toApriH6. CURRENT PRICES OP BRITISH GRAIN AND FLOUR IN MARK-LfNE. - Shillins -per quarter. Wbeat-Psex Iand Kent,whitc;new .. *.8 c xr ov Ditto, red, new . 59 --65 71 Norfolk, LincoInshire, and YorhhJre red,new.. 59~5 ---69 Barley- Matting, niew 4-4 Chevalier * 2-4 Distilling! * s- ia Gr inding 33 -35 Dbut- Easex, Norfolk. and8nuff-olk .-. 3- 7'5 --SI * Kingston, Vare, and town-maade ..73 - 75 - - Si Rye --48 Gaa-Enlih feed 22 * Potat * .. .. .. 22 -26 Scoteh feed, new...... . ... 23 =21 Diltto,ld 26 2? Potat. In5 2 25 Ditto. blaek . 1-19 20 Means- Mazagan ... 230 TiC4 .. .. .. ..32 35 Harrow ~~~~~~~35 38 Yes-Wlite oilers . 3 41. Gmy.. ~~~~~34-35 flour- Town-made, persk. of Ssmb., Hozba. Dde 63- 65 Country .. . . .. . .47 -49 Deato households 0 -5 llbrflk and Sutfolk. cx siWp * 4?- -48 FOREIGN GRAIN. - nflhlngsyer quarter. Whea6t-Dantale, mIxed 80 to 82 high mixed - - Si2ext.- to 88 Kovigsberg -. 73 -3S - --_t --65 Reoknew.. 727 is -76 -84 * .Amnrieanwhite 72- M red - --so- 6065 Pouiera., Meckb., and Eckerk,red73 - 79 8D - 82 Si!esisnred .. 74-75 hite .. 73 -79 DaiakHosefi60-51. . .60-8 Odessa St. Peter*- b urg. &Riga 62 5-564 fine . 66 - 3 Baxrley-Grinding. . . . as3 - Distilling z3 O6ti- - Dutch, brew. and Yoiands . 3 26 flitto, feed.RIz2' Danshan wedi'sh fee'd . 2'I 23, Bens Prelu n ose22 z24 li ~~~~~~36 37 KonigBberg.. 5-3 Egyptian.28 30 Peas.A Feeding.~~35 36 Iu3dianCIOen-White.. 2-3 Yellow.32 31 Flomr- Spadseh, per saek.49 36 Americean, sour, perbsxre. . .335-35 Dhtto,SWeet,dditto 69 BRITISHE SEEDs. Cloyerseed. red,.per curt.65 ::S Ditto. white.-0 SD Trefoil, per cwt.-3 4 Tarts, winter. per bushel..75. 6d5.- 8 Codstider,percat. .. 2~~~~0 -24 -Csaway, per cwt. new.50 - Canasy, per qr. ~ l. rsi60-62 f e,per to.12 10 £-13 a Rapeveed,_perqr.. new 9 t*ke.perton.£6 10 £-7 0 .FOREIGN SEEDS, ae. Clorerseed. red. French D 7 ThttD, wbite, Dutch.7 11 Taxresperbushel -56 56- - Coriander, per cut.~~~~15 - 28 Carway434 LInsee , per q.atlo,,52 12 57 iRapebee& Dt4ht.£1 £121
I A.IAWAY AND Jf4LVG SHABE _ -I The share-market to-day exhibited no particular alteration, but the tendency was-towayds depreg on. The jtares of the .various joint-stock bau lswete, .flatter, and Bank of Atstralasia, London.and Paris, ind Western of London all cIosedll. lower, OIttoman Bank anid Banil of Egypt shares were heavy at to I premjihum. RCa Railway closed ia to d premium, *and Ljombardo-Venietian 5 to ~premiumn. ' In the 'shares of the proposed EB.xkb'f .3vtland tiransac.tiona took plaee ut i tand- Ij .preniiuni, and there ,.were fninay buyers at 1 premivum.
RETROPOLITAg CATTLEtARKET, Amil 28. The areiral of cattle anO sheep into the port of London from the continent during the Past week bas been very limited. The Customhowe retirn giTes an entry of 152 oxe, 195 calre, 16 pigs, and 10 sheep, smalig a total of 471 head. The state of trade to-day wa slowr for everything, at a reductioo of aboat 2d. per stone on former prices. The supply of beef was large comprisinZ4,150 beatof various breed* and _uaity. The attendasco of butchemr wan although the weather has again be-omnd oold, they were notInedine4 purrbazse stoc'k freely. The tone of business wa decidedly dull, at lower rates. Sects made 4s 6d. per stone of Silb., and inferior quali. ties-went at a siniiarxeductionum quotations. There was a larger supply of mautton and lamb than on ?donday last. butstil te tte nuberon ffr ws fx fomhea,y. Neveethelese. thesaes roeedd loly,alo a aredctonof 2d per stone. South. dows ot o th wol ade4s.Sld, gaist e.on Friday last; half. Lsnhs oldat dclie lkewseof d. er toe. we Staemet o Prces ad Sppl ofCatleat MLLrke. Thi da. Msd,~ ornse ee
HOP-MARKET, Aronday, April S. We hLTO exeriencea a Steady thoush lDt actie dewand f, at CoonIyT 2LInPles dozing the puit week. choice and fine hops aUl nan taming their reoent currency. For browmer degiptions the lnquir ha beenbut limit,d. t
ORIAZEK BOA -RD O QJR *7±H4 ioidmg.AN ib0RD OF IYQ8trl.~k~_ 'ho Bostd of General Officers reEumMa their sittigs at t(seta yesterday. morning. There was a larger attendance tlhn on any fonmer occason. What may be calledl "the reserved Beats" were fully occupied beforo the proceedings opend, and it became nece6ssry to refuse admission tg a arze number of distinguishpedvisitosa. Inaddlitionto these the police returns show that snore than 1,900 persons were admitted into tlo body of tho hall during the day.. The Earl of Lucan at once commonced his reply upon the wholeOea. Havi,ng, ho .said, carefully periied tho atatement made by' Colonel Tulloch at the last meeting of the Board, it appeared to him that that statement had,only two objects, the principal one being, not to uphold the report, but to excuse the comnmissioners for having niade it'; and, while claiming credit for the most generous and .chaitable intentions and the strictest honesty of purpose, Jo seek the sympatly of this Board and of the .publie for the difficulties which Colonel TuUoch lamented had driven him into so much miscalculation and error, and Ihad oocasioned so. mLny false conclusions. The second object of this statement appeared to be entirely to exone-*ate him (Lord Lacan) and the cavalry from blame, and to leave it to be inferred that the charge of want of promptitude and ingenuity no longer apphed to them, but to others. He waa ready to acknowledge that he had *little'to take exception to in the tone, manner, and spirit of Colonel Tulloch's address; but he might complsin that, in referring to evidence, Colonel Tulloch ingeniously enough quoted such portions only as he considered favoarable to his own views, while he passed by those of a different com- lexion, Assuming, moreover, ,that he (Lord Lucan) tadabandoned or was prepared to abandon many objections 'which he bad made at the opening of the proceedings. Colonel Tulloch would probably sec the fallacy of thisassumption before his reply was concluded. So far from abandoning the- ground originally taken by him, he was ready to show that every part of his original statemnent was now established truth, and that there was an unvaryng andrunpardonable incorrectness in the figures and the acts contained in the report. Colonel Tulloch in the opening of his address complained of the difficult position in which he was placol in having to establish' by evidence in England the correctness of the eoncluaions arrived at by the commissioners in the Crimnea, and concluded by 'representing himself as. the victim of prejudice and misrepresentation, and by larnenting that he had raised np enemies in various quarters through the honest discharge of his duty to the Government and to tho country. But let the Board only contrast Colonel Tulloch's no.. rsition with his. In the Crimea, as a Goverinnent comn:jis-. sioner, ever sort of infornation was open to Colonel ulloch. T hat officer carried on bi~s inqlury as he chose; andherehe had taken pains to inform the Court how -warmly and zealously he was supported And was to be '-n ported by the Government and the War-ofeice. In addition to this Colonel Tulloch had the popular prejudice on his side, and was vehemently, eagerly, and claniorously supported bv tlle press. All his witnesses were applauded, while each that appeared on his (Lord Lucan's) side was ran down; and even the clear and manly evidence of Aditmiml Lyons could not escape ridicule and misrepresentation.. Ho did not believe the Couirt 'was to be influenced by any such means i but could any human being doubt that the course of justice was impeded and perverted, or could it be sup. posed that witnesses would come forwvard as readily whert they were sareto be calumniated asw;hen they were sure of being held up to admiration9 Under all the circumstances, then, he thought it was not Colonel Tulloch who had to claimindulgence and charitble consideration, though for lumself lie asked for nothing hut justice at the hands of the Board. His conscience told him tlat he had dono his duty; andlet this inquiry, this (for aGencralofficcr)hunmiliatingin. quiry, end as it might, he should never fear of being haunted bythe reproach that he had in any one respect neglected the comfort and the efficiency of the gallant troops confided to his care. Colonel Tulloch had not in his examination of sny of the witnesses-not even of Colonel Griffith himself -attempted to establish that that officer or any others were in the remotest degree discouraged or deterred from giving to their horses all the shelter which could possibly sugest itself to theum, or which, under circumstances of perhaps unparalleed difficulty, they mi£ht find practicable. On the contrary, 'he had shown, 'by the evidence of the General coummanding the Heavy Brigade and-of the other commanding officers that, so far fromn discouraging or deterring them, he encouraged and urged .all of them to make cvery possible exertion. He thought, therefore, that Io might consider the inference so imfairly drawn by the comniissioners from the altercation between him and Colonel Griffith as purely gratuitons and groundless, and that he might pass by that paragraph of the report as altogether beside the question for the consideration of the Court. He would not, however, allow this, the first opportunity which had yet offered, to escape without stating what, to the best of his recollection and belief, did pass between Colonel Griffith and himself on the occasion referred to. Colonel Griffith visited him one morning- to take his orders about the pickets, and he' well recolected complimenting this officerupon a grayish 'hite greatcoat with which he hawd provided himself fromn Consthntinople. Colonl Griffith satid something about thc permanency of the camp, to which he replied, "Heow c.an I tell you what we are aboult to do 1" The Colonel continued in a tone of reproach, his reply to which aeo was quite unable to recollect; but no doubt he did receive with a sneer some - extravagant smrgSestiosi on a matter which at the time he had uppermost an his mind, and was discussing with the Commader-in -Chief and the Quartermaster.Gencral, as could be shown by his correspondence. To his amazement Colonel Grifaith threw himsef bhack on his horse and said, " You are not speaking to me ILe a gentlcmnan." Uponthishe told himtobeqnietorhewouldplacehim under arrest. Colonel Griffith continued that he was oalt speaking as one gentleman might to another, upon whi he (Lord LucaV) desired him to hold his tongue, and join his regiment. Hlc had now given to the Court all he recollected of this incident, and ho declared upon his honour as an oflicer and a gentlenman that he had, without the slightest reservation; stated the truth, the whole trath, and nothing but tht trut-h. If the Court considered, S they must, t'at this r-cital differed materialy from that given by Colonel Griffith, he asked them to weigh well which account was the more probable. Did the Board, consisting of General officers of great experience, think it likely that immeediately after a familiar conversatinon a matter so triflisg as Colonel Griith's coat, he would threaten that officer with immediate arrest if he had onlz made a suggestion connected with the welfare of his regiment? He (Lord Lucan) spoke now in the presence of other officers who, equaUy with Colonel Griffith, had beeit under his command in the East; his words would, too, probably meet the ears of some who had servedunder him during the 11 years ho bad commanded a regiment of Lancers; and hc would ask them whether such wsq his mode of treatimg officers w.hen they approached hinm on business. Colonel Griffith had stated that gross words passed between them. Now, he altogeber denied havig given expression to one gross word nor could he recoDect that any had fIllen from ColonelGriffith. As for the degree of confidenco to be lacedun the different accounts of the interview, he roughttat iniopart of this inquiry bad he shown his memory to be faulty or defectivebut, with regard to Colonel Griffith's memory, the Board mnUst test its value by the evidence given by this officer, who could recollect very little, what he did recoUect not being very accurate. As regarded thc evidence given byColonel Griffith about the changeof en: campment, he could well imagine that the inconvenience attending the removal might derange that officer's well-regulated culinary establishment (a laugh), and that this, therefore, must have left esxaggeratcd and unfounded impressions upon his mind. He (Lord Lucan) would not suppose that Colonel Griffith was actuated by illwir or maevolence towards him, so inconsistent would this be with that officer's professions of sympathy and regret upon li" (Lord Lucan's) recalL. He was more inclined to supoe Colonel Griffith to have been actuated by an anxious desire, which was testified in every part of kis. evidence to dwell upon his own superior merits. (A laugh. Leaving this part of the question, however, he would now refer to a passage in Colonel Tuloch's evidence whero that officer, beig asked whether if he had known there existed a deficiency of tools, labour, and materials, he should have altered that passage in the report imputing a waant of promptitude and ingenuity to the cavalry replied that nothing was stated in the eporwith ari to anyblame being attached particularly to the cavalry- that iv was not alluded to as chargeable with want of promptitude and ingenuity; and he did not see, therefore, that the rePortol ve rewere this a charge brought in any court of law, he might here probably save both nimsdf and others troubleby at once closing his case, which after such an aelmiasion from the prosecutor, might weU be considered as abandoned by that person. But, as such a course would be as little satisfactory to himself as it would be to the public, he was compelled to address the Board, and to caU their attention to anmi comment upon that which had been given in evidence before them. He wouldbegin byreferringtothatpartoftheoommis. missioners'report which alluded to the percentage of deaths among the cavalry, hors In the first place, he still denied that on the 1st of October, as stated inthe rert, there were 1,055 horses of the Heavy Cavalry in the Crimea; it was not until the 5th or 6th of the month that bythe arrival of the Enniskillens and of the Royals the. briad became complete. As to the perentage of deaths ,md'the statistics given by Colonel Tull}och on that subject, e must say that more unintelligible stuffhe never heard in his life. Adopting Colonel Tulloch's figures as to the numbers of the HeavyBrigade-namely, 1,053, his calculation was that, deducting for killed 83 horses and for deaths 493, there sutrvived 479,, so that the loss by sickness or other casualties tnkiedin actIOn-wvas as nearly As possible 5085 per cent. With regard to th-e Light Brigade, again adoptn Colonel Tu]lloch's estimate of the number whichi arrived in the Crimes-namel, 1,161, there were kielldor trAnsferreda489, leaving 67:2. o7i which 489 died and 233 survived, making the loss by sickness and other, casualties. except kiled in.action, 65 per cent. Hle owedI Colonel Tulloch great thanks for having attended here to uaphold the report of the commissioners, for his (Lord Leacan's) defence would have been mnost incomplete had henot done so. The army,also, nht to feel deeply grateul to Coloniel Tulloch for comu'g'r ward in sucaha manly way and displaying so mnuch pri nacil~y and determiniation ia the attempt to -upholdti 'hope less report ; and he thought that if Sir j'ohni WMNeill baa shown as much nerve he -wouldI have takenaz:more creditable course.- Mu the appendix to the report itwass stated that amonlg the Artillery horses the loss was- 42 (r cent., 'whie Colonel? Tullbch in his statement the othery declaredthat Colorel Wood was so successful that he loet n o -horses -Now, acording to the Adjubtatt-General, seven batteries stationed in the front (of which Colonel Woodl's was one) lost four-fifths of their horses,or80percent. They were g2r0ed all. the winter, and had to.fetch their own forage emyfrom -Balakla~va. -Battery'W, whlacx was atationed.- it Balaklav'a all tbe'aintex~ which had nothing on earth'to do' butto take care of the 'horsey, whihwcntpu ntas Balaklavlas,odt one-half of their horses, or 60 per cent. Therefore Ahe whole loss among the artillery horses,. not'withbtandingtha axcceufu1 e-ertiona of Colonel Wood, anad including the most favourel batteries, was 67 per cent.-- 'loes exceeding that of the fight Cavalry by 2 per cent., that of the HeavyBrigade by 17 per cent., and'exceeding the nuaber stat-ed in-th return to which ho had alluded by no less than 25 per cent. ;- - Colonel Tillooch said it was not ho who had stated that Colonel Wood's horses had beensaved; it was lord Lucsn's own witness, Sir Edmund Lyons. . lord Lucan replied that the'statement of Admiral Lyons baa been adopte by Colonel Telloch. In their report the ,coinnissioners adverted to the small comparative loss ainong tho commissariat animals during the same *peno asanely; the six anonthe fromn October to March inclusive. This loss, according to a return furiished the commissiones by, 2Dputy-Coummissariat-General Adams, amounted- to. 'about88$9 out of'2 32 originaly imported into the Crimnea,, or 38 per eont.-' a eul.t wihch could scarcely hii'e,bett expiected considering the advant ges which cavalry horses rid ht b uppoma to have over bard-worked baggage apima , to wshich little attention could be paid at, such a period." Nowv, Comniissary-General Fder in-'his evidenco stated that within a-fortnight subsequent to tho arrival of the army in-the Cimea 492 .animals. for draught and carriage had been landed by the commissanrat. Then, again, there 'were landed betvween December 10 and. January, 11. a number of animals which wvas given a.t 716,i but whiclh ho believed to bc considerably more. In addi- ' tion to these, many more animals were landed of which no* accoont could be had;* but in the absence of the returns be had asked for he fell back on the total of 1,208, to which he had just alluded. Now, on January 16 there were only; living 505, including efficient and non-efficient animals, so that, independently of all those with respeot to which thero was no information, 773 had died, givng a loss up to the, above dayof 60 Per cent. - - HEo thought, howover, it would, be no exaggeration to. say that, taking into account the whole number imported, the losr, instead of 0, would more' probably be 80 per cent. 'Up to the beginning" of January D,97S baggage aninsals had been provided for thC uso of the; army. On the 16th of January there were, as appeared' bythe appendix, only 505 alive in the Crimea, and only 1l,7l at Constantinople, making a total of 1,576, so that 4,402. animals had at that period either strayed, becn stoler, or; pe-ished in some way, making an average loss of from 73 to 74 per cent. Now, what were the cavalry lsses up to tho' samea period? The 16th of January was a most mnfavourablo period to select for comparisosi, because the transport' duties of the cavalry ceased two days afterwards. However, ha would adopt that date for his present purpose. There: were landed in Bulgaria 2,454 horses, of which 472 were hilled, and 226 were lost by the Heavy Brigade on their pas-n sage to the Crimca. On the l6th of January 905 were lining,I Eo that the wholo losses up to that date were 847 horses, or 4S per cent. - It w,as only right to add that in the passage between Varna and the Crimea, particularly in tho landing at Kalamita Bay, therewovre a great many casualties, and he should also state that the cavalry suLffered mucl from glanders and infectious' diseases. Ho hoped therefore he had' satisfied the Court that the comparison of tho cavalry withm the commissariat, to the disadvantago of the foniier, which' had been attempted by the commissioners, was as littld founded in fact or justified by the truth as any other part of their statement. Colonel Tulloch said the commissioners limd only referred to the horses which were in the Crimea, whilo Lord Lucan was alluding to horses which wero at Varna and Con-' staritinople, of which three-fourths awerc stolen. Lord Lucan cared not what had happened to those corn-missariat horses. Alt he said was, -when it was. attempted to be shovm that the cavalry were less careful of their horses than the comnmissariat, that the commissariat accounts showed a totally different state of things. As to the hutting of the cavalry, it was not the fact tnat at the date to wnch the report referred no huSts were erected- there was no regiment 'hich had not at least one hospital nut erected at that time. The same paragraph in the report stated that the cavalry "were withinaboutasnile of the store where tho w.-ood mightbe obtained." Thlis w.asnot the fact; they wcrenot within two umil es of that store. Coloncl Tulloch hlad endeovoired, but with little sucems, to show that no animadversion upon him (Lord Lucan) was intended in the passage -where a wvant of promptitude and ingenuity was spoken of in connexion -ith tho provision of temporary shelter for the horses; but 'in his address at the lost meeting of the Board ColonelTTulloch hadvirtually fastened this chrge npon him more strongly tlhanu ever, and al the sophistry in the world could iiot exonerate the commissioners from hav ing made an animadversion, and a severe ono, upon hinm, though by not mentioning his name they attempted to evade the responsibility which the- ought tohaveincurred. Thereport stated that "a proposal to ereet, with the assistance of his men some sort of cover for the horses of the corps, appears to have oseen madeby the offloercosninanding theScots Grays." Tow, whEere did this appear? lNot in the evidence of Colonel Griffith, though that officer had been examined before the Board tw o or three times. The amount of what Colonel Griffiths said was that if he had known the camp would have been a permanent camp he would then have been induced to cut a drain six or eight inches deep. That was all which Colonel - Griffiths was ready to do, supposing he (Lord Lucan) had had the power of assuring him (and this he had not) that his regiment was to remain in a permanent camp. He would have cut a drain six inches deep, and for this he looked to tho Engineer officers, so that the active, enterrismg, zealous Colonel Griffith, at a time when the whole Engineers of the army were oppressed by the labours of the siege, looked to these unfortunate nien to carry on even the surface drainage of his own camp. HIowever prompt Colonel Griffith had shown himself before the commissioners in his examination before the present Court he was actually prepared to suggest nothing in the sbape of an erection so long as the cavalry were on the plateau. As to thoee wonderful erections which were described in 'tho reprt as having " sved the baggage horses of the Sappers and Miners at BaTallava," they seemed at the tinie to be unknown to any, except the commissioners. He, however, now knew more of them than ho did, and the Board would probably be surprised to hear that this temporary shelter, which was put forward for the purpose of instituting an invidious comparison with the cavalry, consisted of cover for 20 baggage ponies, which, as he was informed, were enclosed in high yards in the town of Balaklava, requiring nothing on earth but a little roof of canv-ass, which .was supported by the walls. Tbis, therefore, was about as inapplicable a cempamisn with respect to the Dragoons as if their position had been contrasted with that of a regiment of Life Guards in London.. Colonel Tulloch had most industriously attempted to show that tho imputation of " want of promptitude or ingenuity" was not to be taken as any animadversion upon him or the cavalry - but on referring to the letter of the commissboners to Lord Paumuro, the Board wculd fisd that they had justified the charge by alluding to the evidence of Sir Richard Aircy and Colonel Gordon, when those officers said he w' as ordered on the Sth of the month to make shelter for thc horses, and that on the 12th of the month en Engineer officer was given him to assist. Now he contendedthat, although it might have been intended in the report only to throwv out an iusinuation, the commissioners had, inadv'ertently no doubt, fastened tnat insinuation upon him in the letter to which he referred. This charge resolved itself in,to two questions-onebeing the canvass, and the other the trench or pit question. W1ith regard to the use of canvass, he lveuld call the attention of the Board to the fact stated by General Airey that it vas from him (lord Lucan) he first heard canvass mentioned, and first heard of the suggestion, whether that article might not be useful to the cavalry. He did not recolect the circumstance, but if he mistookl not it must have been on the Sunday before the battle of Balaklava, wben he had the pleasure of riding with Sir R. Airey to the outposts. The weather was then very fine, and it certainly, therefore, could not be said that he had waited until the weather was severe before ho thought of providing for his horses. Now, did Colonel Tulloch show the same forethought and the same ingenuity ? The Board would recollect Colonel TutUoch had informed them that during the autumn of 1S54 he was in constant intercourse with the Minister of War and was much engaged in preparing the huts for the use of the army. Did he think of sending out sailcloth ? Colonel Tulloch had stated that he had nothing more to do than what was specially intrusted to him to do by the 3Minister of War, and sailcloth was certainly not one of the things about which he was consulted. Lord Lucan did not wish to misrepresent Colonei TulUoch HIs case was far too strong to need misrepresentation. What he said was that in the course of Colonel Tulloch's communications with the Minister of War that officer did not appear to have had the sagacity or the ingenuity to think of temporary shelterfor the cavalry horses. Colonel Tnlloch called for the protection of the Court HIe had been sent for by the MIinister of War and by Lord Hardadge, to ma-e arrangements with regard to the huts' he a ade those arrangements, in conjunction, with an Engineer officer; but he hadnothing whatever to do beyond that. It was not for him to suggest what should be done; !he did whit lie was directed to do, and nothing more.'; Lord Lucan only wished to show that, though in constant 'communication withthe Minister of War, Colonel Tuhloc4 suggested nothing with'regard to the shelter of the horses, That officer did not even appear to have inquired into the use of canvass at all in his examination of witnesses in the Crimea; and he could not help thinking that the canvass questionmust havezugtested atself for thefirst timn to the commissioners' minds when they found themselves called upon to explain what on earth they meant by want of romptitude or ingenuity. Then, and not till then, they had the ingenuity to think of canvass. In short, he realli -could not believe that the same value was attached to thit article bythe commissioners when in the Crimea as had been attached to it by Colonel Tulloch during the uroceed. -igs before this Board. Hebelieved it to be smiply a clumsa afterthought. Colonel TLUoch said Lord Lucan would find that sailcloth wasalluded to inthe evidence of Major Chapman, of,the Engmneers. . Lord Lucan was referring to cavalry, andnot to Engineer officers. ' ColonelTulloch replied that in page 8 of the report canvass was alluded to by one of Lord Lucan's own officers i-MAorWardlaw'. ., I Lord ucan continued. As to putting up canvass on the iplateau, he had already expressed his opinion that nobbdv l,butamadmanwouldfhave thought of doing so afterth - I4thr of November. General Scarlett, 'Geneial Beatsonl and even Mr. Bracebridge concurred in thinking that 'it. would have- been nprOper. to use canvass on thd *plateau in 'the autumn. Mr. Rawlinson said that under' -the same circumstances he did not beleve a railway con-fractor would have lost haf s6'snany horses, but he thoug t 'that gentleman would have- shown more discretion in nat *ivingutterance to sodecided an opWion whenhe must have' ineei. total ignorance of the condition of -things five months b'efore- he visited 'th country-not only the con'i' tirn of the weAther,lbutofthe horses-and wasl naware o ! aniny other circuinsaces;'a knowledge'of which was i necessary before any such opinion could be. given. Mr.- -Eawlinron stated that places mighthave beinseected in thei i valleys leading to Kadikoi where the horses ight hav been sheltered, but it should be rememlbered that at'thatn t3re it was niecessry foi the safety of 'the rear of the army1 'before Sebastpopl that'the- cava3ry should' not be potd in-the plalce wbere' they ciould' Sihnd,mnost'Ythdter. General~ Airey wvould bear him-oat,iaigttodRga -becs to i ragmoving ,evenl Gne-ouarter of aL mile off,( lecauso his Lordship said that would defeat the object he, bad in view, in having the cavalry on-the plateau, adding that they must remain as neSar to the colline as possible, ina order to.83 flup. the intervals between the other troops; Colonel Tulles said that all the witneesess admixed the idea of canvass, hut h (Lord Lucan) did not read their vidence in. the same way. Some, no doubt, had said that "if" canvass had been thete-" if" this and "if" the other-it might perhaps have been useful; iad he ws willing to adnit: that: if there had been nothing else eanveiss might shave been employed to a certain extent and for certain purposes, such, for example, as the roof ing of stables. But he contended that even hlad therd not have beenbetter materials-at hand the use of canvass wvould have entailed more difficulties than the use of timber. It was to be remiembered that they were suffering from want of men and want of the proper scaxtlines of timber. So far as tle xciavating and the scarping went, it would have been 'necessary to have scarped and excavated more for canvass 'tban for wood. Then, again, what delayed the erection 6f 'atabling was not tho want of boards for the roofing, but -want o: proper seantling to support the roof. It had been stated by Mr. Rawlinson himself that it would not have been safn to use the sane light scantling for canvass which might have been employed for timber. But Colonel Tuilloch said, "If canvass could not havo been put np on tho plateau why did you not use it in the valley of radikoi"' Tho anawerwas thalt when they arrived in the valley ci Kadikoi they had boards in abundance, but no scantling. Colonel Tilloch was quite mistaken in supposing hirnto be favourable only-to permanent buildings, for if he hnd thonght 10 or 14 days would have been saved by the erection of tempOraV buildings he would have preferred tlat kindof shelter. ae denied, however, that the use of c.nvass at a moment when there was no deficiency of boards would havo at all hastened the construction of that shelter. B3esides, the evidence of Admiral Lyons showed e'.arly that no canvass could be got from tbe men-of-war, and ho might state, in passing, that every word which fell from Adnural Lyons would have beenconfirmed by Admiral Dundas, if he (Lord Lucan) had been allowed to read that officer's replies to his queries. With regatrd both to the number of ships, their equipment. the numnber of carpenters, tho sailcloth, the spars, and everything else, Admiiral Lyons proved that ColonelTulloch was labouring under an extraordinary delusion. As to procuring canvass from the transport service, it appred by the ovidence that there was no direct proposal fro. that service to provido canvats fox' the shelter of the cavalry. If, however, such a dis. position had existed and if spare sails had been on board the transports, he was assured that it was very questionable whether the captains could have parted with them without forfeiting their insuranceeuolicy,sothatthosetransports could not have been looked to for providing canvass, unless when their sails w,ere taken the vessels had been kept in harbour, inl tl-edreceipt, as General Airey suggested, of heavy demurrage. He thought, then, he had showvn that the canvass argument had not much to recommend it. He now caine to the question of trenches or pits. Mr. Ilawlinson, who had the advantage of being a genoologist as well as an engineer (great laughter)-he meant a geologist-had stated how many feet of soil a navvy could excavate in a given time. Now, soldiers-and English soldiers more particularlywere not as successful in removing the eartht as ordinary laboureis; they would not do one-fifth part of what an equal number of navvics would executo in the samo time. It was asked, "Wby did you not scarp aw-a and make pits for your horses?' Now, ho contended that in that country, and with that cculiar soil, such digging would, witlhout a roof, be totaly useless, le it vould have been productivo of much mischief in obstructing tho frequent removal of the horses-a point of great importance; An officer now present in that room would, if he were called, tell tbe Board that in the Land Transport they did make these pits, havine the advantage of being able to dig them on the side of hilIs, but it was found impossible to drain thom, and the horses suffered so much that the Turlks, wvho had charge of them, could not be got to use tho pits. The fact was that a pit neither roofed nor paved would be more appropriately called a grave than a pit. MIr. Etawlinson wished to compnare tho Sardinian troops with the 10th Hussars, and said that in tho spring of the year lie found a trench dug before tho horses of the Sardimans; whilo ours had none. Now, all he (Lord Lucan) had to say i-as that at tbat time the Sardinians were novices as campaigners, and did not only an unnecessar, but a very foolish thing, wlhen they dug that pit, wlul the 10th Hussars showed far nioro judgment in not digging. Until tho winter came on, and they could pave their pits, the Chasseurs d'Afrique, wlho were generally considored to bo troops who thoroughly under. stood their business, never thought of putting their horses behind trenches. The Russians, too, never did so. The great object in all camps, particularly in spring and summer, wasto procure a changeo of ground as often as possible, on account of the health both of men and horses. Then let thoBoard consider with what an amoint of labour these trenches would be made, at a time when the exsure of tho men had to be particularly guarded against. He had no hesitattion in saying that by fruitlessly attempting to benefit your horses in this way you would have sacrificed the greater part of vour men. In theory this trenching system looked seciousenough, but in practice it would bo found absurd. With -reg.rd to the cavalry horses, he thouight Colonel Tullocls was rather disingenruous, because ho would not aUow that they had suffered from transport duties. Colonel Tulooh observed that wbat lie had said was that he hadno doubt the transport duties did occasion a loss of horses, but not to tho great extent stated. Lord Lucan said that letter after letter had been written by bins to show howv the troop horses were sacrificed to their transport duties, and General Scarlett had distinctly expressed the same opinion. Colonel Tllloch had complained that he had been unable to ascertain what vere the real numbers of men disposable for stable-building, but it appeared to him (Lord Lucan) that Colonel Tuloc had studionsly avoided anything like positive knowledgeo pon the subject, never having, during his whole exanaination, put a question to himself upon a matter of fact. He had a paper which was an abstract of returns made to hin by the colonels of the 10 cavalry regiments, showing that on the 16th of December there were disposable, after providing for camp duties, transport, and other duties, in the Royal DXragoons, 10 men; 4th Dragoon Guards, none; 5th Dragoon Guards, 16 men; the Sceets Grays, 15 men;4th Light Dragoons, 6 men- 8th Hunssars, none; 11th Hussars, not stated; 13th Light Dragoons, one man; and the 17th Lancers returned 30 or 40 men, fromvwhich must ho deducted those on reghuental duties. Colonel Tulloch objected to the returns being received in evidence, lie having no opportunity of examining or consmenting upon them. The JUDE-AnDVOC,ex said they could only appear as a statement made by Lord Lucan, and not as evidence. Lord Lucan then proceeded to detail the various duties of a cavalry soldier, and argued that when all those duties were discharged the men were quite unable to perform ether and e.xtraordinary labours, especially as the men w ere sickly and net competent to tas<ks which might have, been required of those in robust health. In order to prove howvmuch the horses suffered from the severity of the transport duties imposed upon them in December. he referred to the evidence of General Scarlett and other officers, who stated that batween the time of the arrival of the cavalry at Kadikoi and their employment upon the commissariat duties the horses improved in condition. but fell off immediately they commenced their tlansport labours. He had himself been most anxious to provide for the wants of both men and horses, and as early as the 1st of November he had applied to Lord Raglan for additional horse clothing, which was immediately ordered. He made several other apvlications subsequently for tle assistance of an Engineer officer, and one was-ordered, but never came, save for one brief visit. Tools he also asked for, and after being promised 200 sets was glad to compoumdfor 50 picks and 5Ospades. Colonel Griflithl had stated that the order to provide sbelter for the horses was not issued until the 16th of December, but verbalorders to that effect had been given some tinse before. The Quartermaster-General and the Commander-in-Chief were most anxious to assist the cavalry, and gave evely order that was asked for, but those orders, from the difficulties of the time, were not complied with. He had himself endeavoured to get the assistance of Turks, and applied to Sir C. Campbell, t Osman Fasha, to Rustem Pasal for that purpose, and he was also daily importuning the Quartermaster-Generars Department to the same end. He did not hesitate to say, if the English cavalry had had no other duties than their own to perform, and blad been as favourably circumstanced in that respect as the French cavalry, in the course of two or three weekis, had the materials, been forthcoming, they would have succeeded in hutting all the horses. ny delay which occurred subsequently to the arrival of the materials could only be attributed to the transport duties and to the want of proper scantling for roofing. The noble Earl then, proceeding to read from a written paper, said he hid, at the opening of the inquiry, -undertaken to rebut every charge, every insinuation, which could in- the shightest degree besguu < posed to-reflect upon the cavalry, and hecould not dou6t thathbchad succeeded in doing sO. :ffehad further undertaken to show that every figure in every account referring :to that part of the report -was a fallacy, and he believed it would not be denied that he had done so. Unfortunately fo3: Colonel Tuloch, who grounded -his special qualification for that particularduty upon bisproficiency in the science of statistics, and 'who appeared to be exitremely sensitive upon that point, the blundering was so unceasing throughout that it was difficult indeed to account for it. WVith -a fatality that appeared to have always attended the commissioners, aU the returns furnished to them appeared to be as incorrect as their calculations, were unfounded. Indeed, how could it be otherwise, when it was from the wrong officer that evarj return was asked for and all information was obtained ? It would really appear as if a conspiracy had been formied against those unfortunate commnisnoners,-and that, instead of being supplied with the information they required, only enough was given them to delude and deceive them. - But did they take the course most calculated to ob- tain proper e-ideice? Was it e-xpedient or proper for commissioners to examine witnesses in private with a power of- putting what questions they pleased, only: recording so much, of the answers as they thought fit, and then1 having made digests of such examinations, to submit them at some fature time to the witnesses for signature ? - Was it decorous or respectful to commence an inquiry by exa3nipig regimental quartermasters, and to conclude it witiolut examining the General officers? Why should the inquiry have been begun with such a feeling of suspicion and mistrust? and why, instead, of crowding their report with the evidence of hundreds of witnesses, rossessiconly limited information, did not the cominisnesses, such as Lord-Reaglan and his Stff, befoe quitting the country on account of their ill health? If their iquiry was then, as theyadmitted it to be, incomplete, why did the commoners allow any matter of personal convenience to prevent their retur.n to the Crimea to r&esume that inquiry? and why, upon their return to England, hd they not examined himself (Lord. Lraean); for the inquiry was not cloEed, ss the subsequent examinations of Colonel Gordon arndiLSir R. Airey proved? In the course of the proceedings beforetthe Board much curious information had-been elicited respecting the commissioners' repor The period of its gestation appeared to have extended from Auzgust to -Janury;> dulring wFhich tisne constant confereno , and cosiamunicatloes appeared to have been carried on between the commissioners and the Minister of War. Upon one occasion his Lordship-was stated to havebeen lidup Ridth the gout,-aqomp]3in from which the military branch of the army might be said to be exempt. The scurvy, frombad living and scurvy treatment for their services, wa more a soldier's complaint. It hiad been proved that the first report was sent to Lord Panmure in parts, f6r his c;iticisa and approval, and, after much manipulation, the present report received his Lordship's sanction on the 26th of January. It was usual, as it -was desirable, to attach great respect to a report emanating from commissioners appointed by a responsible Minister of the Crown, andinthe present instance some might be inclined, from reasons not difficult to be diined, to gold as positive heresy a doubt of ths veracity of the report, and to regard as sacrilege any attempt -to question it. But, constituted as was the commission, conduicted as was their inquiry, manufactured as had beca their report, could it be that that report was .entitled to such absolute reverence ? In the first place, IColonel Tulloch, from his long connexion with tho Waroffice and the civil departments of the army, was not, and could not, be an unbiassed and independent commissioner fitted for a delicate inquiry into the military branch of tho :crvice. The report of tho comninssoners should have been drawn up without communication witli the Minister of War and only handed to him after signature. Colonel Tulloch denied there ad been rny interference on the part of tho Ministcr of Wat-. Lord Lucan procceded.-The report was the joint pro duction of Lord Panmure and the two commissioners, . and therefore could not claim that respect which reports differently circumstanced might merit. Colonel Tulloch said it was but justice to Lord Panmuro to interrupt the noble Earl, who was stating that which was cot the fact. The report was handed to Lord Pabmure, i ldpontained all that was now in it, in addition to tw9 thlier portions, which he thought fit to strike out, the: subects treated not being within the scope of the commisi oners' instructions. Lord Lucan repeated that the report was the joint production of lord Paniuure and .the two commissioners Colonel Tulloch hld told the Board that, having arrived in England in JTly or in August, he became in constant com. unimication with Lord P1anure. Colonel Tulloch.-Not upon this subject. Lord Lucan.-Colonel Tlloch's evidence shows that he was in constant communication with Lord Pannmure from A-iugust to January; that he had long communications with .him when his Lordship was laid up with the gout; that there were two reports, one a private report, and the ono now beforo tho Board,-which only received the commissioners' signattre on the 2Gth of January. The JuDGE-ADvocAIE-Colonel Tulloch denies that Lord Panmure altered the report. lord Lucan.-I attach Implicit faith to Colonel Tulloch's evidence, and I have stated the inference I draw from the evidence. Colonel Tulloch.-Not ons of my communications with Lord Panmure referred to thia report until a few days before its signaturc. Lord Lucan was content with that admission. There had been conversations ab'out the report before it was signed, and therefore he was justified in lFegarding it as the joirit production of Lord Pannure and the commlsssoners. The JUDGEs-ADvocAT.-That is not ustified by the ovidence, nor by anything that Colonel TuUoch has said. lord Lucan.-That is a matter of opinion. Snch is mine. General PEEL referred to the evidence of Colonel Tulloch, and, having selected a particular part, handed the book to Lord Lucan, who read a portion of the evidence relating to the communication of the report to Lord Parmure, in -which Colonel Tulloch stated that the report was handed in two or three portions to the Minister of War, by Sir J. M'Neill; that the Minister, being then confined to his house, had ample opportunity of considering it*; that he struck out two portions of the -report relating to the mortality in different regiments end to regimental duties of the arny with w-hich he was of opinion te commissioners wero not authorized to deal. Colonel Tullocl said that besides those two portions strack out by Lord Paumure not a lino 'was altered. Lord Lucan replied that the Minisier and -the comraissioners were in constant communication, and the report was handed in piecemeal for the consideration of Lord Ianinure. Colonel TuUoch st4ted that from August 14 until Decembor or the beginning of January no intercourse tool place between Lord Panmure and the commissioners respecting tle report. oesrsetn Lord Lucan stil entertained his own opinion of tiho ciaracter of the report,-tbat it was the joint production of Lord Panmure and tho commissioners, and therefore could .nost claim that respect to vwlich other reports, diffeTently f amed, were entitled. Indeed, after all, the report was not worth the paper upon which it was written. (Some hisses issued frorg the body of the hall at this assertion.) Tho object of the commissioners was now perfectly well known and understood. It was to secure temporary ease to the Government ; to lull the just indignation of the public; to absolvethe Government from the charge of sacrificing the finest army that ever left England. If there could be anydoubt that that was the object of the moment, the extraordinary success with which the report removed every vestige of culpability from the civil departments at home to the unhappy army in the field only rendered it too apparent, and any disappointment of result could only be attributed to tho excessive zeal of the commissioners, probably frem an absauce of that wise caution which a Mnister of greater experience than the Minister of WVar would not have failed to give to his agents upon such an occasion. Upon no occasion would the caution of "no zeal" have been more usefuL. Lest he should be doing injustice to the M1inister and to the commissioners, lie would caU the attention of the Board to the fact that while the report teemed with innuendoes, reproaches, reflections, animuadversions, and, perhaps, charges, against officers, military and departmental, prudently excepting the Colimmander-in-Chief, in no one instance was tho smna3cst w.ant of effort, or provi§ion, or niiscalculation, or error, or neglect, attributed to the Governmnent at home. This could not be more distinctly shown than by referring to the losses of the cavalry, which were clearly traceable to the want of transport and insufficiency of forage-two wants vwhich should lave been supplied by the authorities at home, and yet those insufliciencies were charged exclusively upon the unhappy scapegoats in the field, totaUy in contradiction to the evidence, andnotwithstandingMr. Filder had showvn that his applications for forage were completely unattended to. It was by that very want of forage that Mr. Filder was prevented from increasing his means of transp,ort by bringing ump tl animals which he had in reserve at onstantinople, and the absence of those nmeans of transport compeUled Lord ltla"in to ilpose upon t,he cavalry horses duties for whiels thlieir low conditmon completely unfitted them.. However much it might suit the commissionors to pass it over, it was not the less a fact that that duty-caused a loss of more than 400 horses, and it was his own conviction that not only those animals, bet many other horses, were sacrificed by insufficiency of supplies, which rendered themi unfit to undergo any hard labour, or to bear exposure to the weather. If AMr. Filder could be believed, the deficiency of forage could be traced, not to any want of forethought or caution on his part, but to a want of proimptitude on the part of the Government at home in supply-l ing those wants, which were formally made known to them, especiaUy when it was remembered that three vessels of -1,200 tons each per month would have supplied compressed hayfor 7,000 or S,000 horses, at the rate of 101b. per day. He declared that there should have been no difiiculty in providing a sufriciency of bay for the army, and, if there bmad been, more means of transport would have been available. Ho had shown the calamities which resulted from a want of hay, and that want could be fairly attributed to a want of promptitude on the part of the Minister of War and the Secretary of the Treasury, who at that time directed the commissariat. Thus, when the commissioners did not scruple to level all their animadversions as to wvant of, promptitude and ingemiity against the military branches of, the army, and to impute a-want of comprehensive vews, and consequently incapacity, to 3Mr. Filder, whom ho iLord Lucan) never expected to have been called npon to defend, they were only consistent in carryng out the unmistakeable object of the commissionnot to spare the military branches of the army in the field in order to screen the real culprits at home. The loss of horses had been attributed to -the insufficiency of food and the severity of the commissariat duties. The next question Ehould be, who kdlled the horses? If the loss could be truly ' ttribiuted to the'causes he had mentioned, then unquestionably the Xfnister of War and the Secretary of the Treuasury directing the commissariat, were- chiefly, if not entirely, responsible; ana if--as from what fell from Colonel Tulloch lie supposed. there would bc -another inquiry should take place, he hoped the real culprits, the civil I officers, would, in their turn, be placed in the position he had filled for the last three weeks, and that officers of the army, in return for their services, would not again-be called upon -to'. be scapegoats for the shortcomings and mlismanagement of the civil departments at home. (Applause from themaudience.$ Although neither of their etters of instruction gavoe the comnmssioners auth6rity to inquire lint6 tho conduct-of mnilitary officers- those gentlemen had -thought fit to extendtheirpoes-rs, and had drawn up the report which lad received the approval of Lord Panmure. A civil inquiry intothe conduct of Generaland other officers iu l the field was, he believed, -without precedent, except in the worst days of the Preach- ravolution, and then the civi I commissioners were sent to examine into the General's fidelity, and not into his military conduct. -He felt convinced the Board would do justice in this case, but ithad Inot the power to remve from the army the ridicule, from -the country the scanda, and from our institutions the re-,roach which the Crimean inquiry -will have occasioned --throughont all Europe. lHe would refer to his own orders, : to the evidence of- Geeral Scarlett, and others in proof of rhis Own anxiety for the ,-welfare of- his nmen and horses. nd that he exercised all the promptitude and. ingenuity vhich the circumstances suygested or allowed ; and with - reference to -the ease of Colonel Griffiths he-would rely uon his orders and correspondence to relieve him from any, hrgewhichmirhlt be iimputed un that ccoun-t. He- wvas in daily conanunication,with-the-cominiandfing officers' of regiments, Aind was most anxious for the progress 'of '_shelter for the--horcs;: and 'he -had a letter from'I Mr. Blunt, new in the consular service, but formerly Iss interpreter,:- which bore testimony to. his zeal and anxiety for-his- troopg and Lhis horses.: To those mwho imputed to the English' cavalry a- want of resource- and anr inferiority to -other cavalry he -replied that under the pressure of -insnificient forage and heavy duties quite foreign to their ordinary ones the .English cavalry- ware nevertheleassmore successful in sheltering their horses thasi -were, either -their allies or their ene- sut,ad sustiid lose iniistitesmaller. He bad no - hsiaton- n-sayngtht f ftr the battle of Inkermant Ihe avary hd ban mvedto the neighbourhood of ,Xaiko soe (00 r 700 ihorse would have beeni saved, ~zndthe whoe -of the- cavalry ol have been buted efoe.Chrstms. Inthe boole which - he had hande to kn Bord tserewere - 72 o-rders oii the managment and -care- of -the horses. Those orders would ,rft h da`vil the evidence of' Colonel -Griffithminght snggel,t of harshi words in oominunications withother officers~, and lie -believed -would also meat any charge of ignorance or inczpacsty whi'ch sm'exight please to. make aqaiust him, i a ld.o aea potnt his command, but which-inquiry wasmpnlitical ineonvenience, and therefore the professional character of a ztbordi-,nate General officer was not to be'weighedintho balance, bat he must be sacrificed .to the exigencies of the; 'imoment. (Ajplause.) HEo would onlyaddinreferenceto tbe-personaI portion of the case that he, being only a subordinato General cffloer, bad certain duties to do and 'was responsible to, bat not for, the General coinmanding.in-chief. In those duties he had never jailed. The army wvas one as devoted to its country as any that had ever left England, and none in it were more devoted to duty and to its interests thanm himBelf. Colonel Tuolloch concluded his observations by remarking that " care and toil, injustice and ill-will, formed a portion of the burden -which fell on him who served the State." If such -were the fate of the Cvil servants of the public, how much harder was it' when soldiers like himself and the gallant nien he had commanded found themselves objects of obloquy and animadversion; instcad of being considered deservingof their country's con; sideration and gratitudo I Why, he would ask,"'Were Einglsh soldiers less deerving of acknowledgment from theircountry than the 'French, the Sardinians, or the Turks, all of whom were- received with ovatibns and triumph, while the English army only met with oontemely and reproach? If all that injustice was intended for the officers alone ho could only say the private, so brave and generous, little desired an unduo share of that credit and thoselionours vhich,'with' frankness and with pride,he ackniowledged to have been as well earned by the offlcers ai by himself. At the conclusion of the noble Earl's addreFs some applause was again expressed, but was immediately repreca The Board then adjourned, at half-.pst 3, until to-mor- row (this day). L_I ,
LOCAL DUES UPON SHIPPI.G. The committee met yesterday. in Room No. 11; Mzr. Lowz in tho chair. - Mr. T. Jolmson, a mercjant of Runcorn, said he hzad been requested to appear on behalf of the town and merchants of Runcorn to complain of the oppressive nature of the town dues of tiverpooL In addition to his own personal*nteres, in the subject as a ncmber of a firm of merchants, he possesset n estuatec asich produced ofnuallyr50,000 tons of coals and 50,000 tons of salt, A sum of 9001. was leviedonRluncornbytheCorpor.tionof Liverpoolforbuoying and lighting the river, but the shipowners of Runcorn were obliged to pay 3s. a-vessel to the Bridgewater trustees for this pupose, as nothing was done byLivernool in return for the tax so levied. The local taxes in Tkncorn were -about 3s. 3d. in tho pound, including poor-rate, is. 9d. - bighway, Gd., lighting, 6d., and improvement mte, 6d. The total amount of taxation on Runcorn was 4,1801., and the Liverpool Corporation was assessed upon 1,3331. for -towvn dues alono - this they did not refuse to pay, but they would not contribitc to any improvenients of the town of Runcorn, which vitness coasidered n-as a fair and -legitimato demand, conisidering their contributions to tho town dues of Liverpool. Theodues payableoon salt amounted to Gd. a-ton, or 10 per cent, upon tho iirst value of it. This w.as a very lar" amount, and witness venturod to say it exeeeded thc p refit derived from tlho manufacture. Some firms who were freemen of Liverpool exported 00,000 tons of salt, and they had a profit over others in thetown dues saved of 1,5001., and theywere thus enabled to sell at a lower price. Iron ore and the various commodities used in the potteries, the barytes sent to Runcorn, as well as tho salt and coals, were al subject to the payment of tle dues, aud it was felt to be a greatgcievance, as no equivalent was received in any shape whatever. With regard to the navigation to luncorn, it could not be carried on without being buoyed and lighted, the channelheing. shifting and dangerous. B3y the expenditure of a sum of money it might be made navigable for very Iare vessels. He did not consider R3uncorn part of the port of Liverpool, and ho believed that the Custom officers required a receipt to beproduced for the town dues before a vessel was allowed to clear. Mr. J. Hutchinson, proprietor of alkali works noar Warrington, opposite Runcorn, stated that in his district the following quantities of materials were used in the alkali manufactories-viz., 50,000 tons of salt, 40,000 tons of barytes, or sulphur ore, 60,000 tons of limestone. These raw materials produced about 30,000 tons of soda ash, 4,500 tons of bicatbonate of soda, 3,000 tons of crystals of soda,! aiid 1,500 tons of bleaching powder. The first tar levied upon these articles was an amount of 2,5001. for Weaver navigation dues upon the salt consumed, the value of which would be 20,0001. On the barytes, value 40,0001., the Liverpol town dues would amount to 5001., and on the limestone, value 12,0001., the town dues would be 250I. Fourfifths of tho alkali -was exported, and toWn dues had againto bo paid upon it. The largestmarke was in Amuerica,wherethe dutypayalble varied from 10 to 20 per cent. UJpon the alkali soldforthenuseoof theotown of Liverpool no town dues woro levied. Witness stated that the alkl manufacturers at Newcastle used pure sulphur instead of the barytes, upon which a very small duty (not moro than 2d.) was levied, while at Liverpool it was {id. a-ton. Upon the barytes the duty was 3d. a-ton, and as only 25 per cent. of pore sulphur could be obtained from a ton of barytes, it would make the duty upon sulphur ls. n-ton as contrasted witi the 2d. at Newcastle. A process was coming into general use for extracting the copper, goltl and silver contained in the barytes after burising off the sulphur, and therefore everything which tended to diminish the Iuse of,thq bajytes was, in fact, fatal to tho invention, which occupied n large umaber of hands and was greatly extending. The land occupied by wvitness's works occupied about three or four acres and commandeda renit of 401. an acre; *yettherent, togetherwiththe poor and other rates, did not aniount to so much as the town dues extorted by the Corporation of Liverpool without any benefit whatever. The tendency of these dues was to remove the trade from the district to other places where no sucl charges existed. Witness referred to thecase of a Mr. Muspratt, who was compelled to remove his works from Newton, and who erected other works at Witnes and on the Dee. The former had romained stationary, while the latter had increased to a large extent, in consequence of their freedom from the town duevs of LiverpooL Mr. W. Hayes, merchant and shipowner, of Runoorn, described how the town dues of Liverpool were levied, and said, unless a person had the initials of the receiver of the dock dues, as well as the receiver of the tovw n dnes, he could not'clearhis goods. Tlhe freemen were exempt upon certifying that the property was their ownL If witness had been a freeman he should save 1,0001. a-year in this way. A large proportion of the exporters to America were freemen, nd the exemption they enjoyed completely shut out other persons from competinr.. Inreply to Mr. REABLAM, witness saidthe town dueshad been a oenefit to the town of Liverpool as far asthe improvement of the town itself -was concerned, but they had been no benefit-to docks and shipping. Mr. Hull, an attorney residing' at Lverpool, said, he appeared for a nuuber of merehants and shipowners of ,iverpool and several manufacturers in the valley of the Weaver navigation, to compLain of the duty levied upon salt; &c., by the Corporation of Liverpool. Mr. HORSF.ALL moved that the room be cleared; And upon the e-admission of the public, The CscrRiLl_N said, the committee declined to hear Mr. Hufll in his public capacity, but would go into any evidence he might have to offer as a private individual relating to the town dues of LiverpooL Mr. W. Worthington, proprietor of salt works at Northwich, was about to give evidence as to the dues levied on- the river Weaver, when the room was again cleared, and on the public being readmsitted, The CsAInRsrix said, the committee were of opinion that the Weaver navigation, not being within the pert of liverpool, tley could not hear any evidence from the Weaver manufacturers. Mr. Hull was recalled, and also Mr. Shuttleworth, the town-clerk of Liverpool, wvho gave some evidence as to the extent of the port of Liverpool * after hcaring which the Committee again deliberated, and finally announced their decision not to go into any evidence with respect to the Weaver navigation. . The Committee then adjourned until Thursday next at 12 o'clock.
ADULTERATION OF FOOD. tAdvertisement.l TO THE EDITOR OF THE TfltES. I Sir.-InordertoplaseDr. Xormandyand our bread irL theirtrue position before the public, it is necesary to state what really did take placo bet-eon us -which I wil do as briefly as possible-Tin, Isaw Dr. Noremaudy aboit the beginning of the year 180., when be was told bya k fEend ofhis that my bread w pure (he arwaysaddrcedmeaas r. Gilbextson, andno doubtthoughthe was right maso doingb for Inerer contradicted it or correctedhim i his'erroDr. It does not at all afect the case, as all tho tranactions alluded to Gilbertson's bread, thouh, in point of fact, Mr. Gflbert.son, nmy father-in-law, nover saw Dr. Normandy on tbe subject, and is mot sure that he ever raw him in Iis life to speak to; he said he didluot believe any baker sold purebread, as he bad analyzed some hundreds of samples of bread and found none pue; I sailths tnightbe andzyetnot affect mine. lethensaid het oiuld analyze my bread, which he saidho did. and found alum in - it. I did 2nt believe him. and the sequel proved I was quite justified -inmy unbelef; so. in ordler to test Dr. Normandy's capabilities and - accuracy. I eballenged bini to analyze my bread and tour and give. me * certificate of theresult. lIe said he would mbn bhis charge vould be agolues 2 which I agreed-o pay. I then myosef tookDr. Y onnandy tDoehalferSunternloavesof breaduand amin pleeof four- one loaf pbred , and the other wiith atur. in it. putthere byunyself, wvlh canbe peoyed by the testimony of four witneuses, and I requested him to analysze iteem; which he staled he did, and, on mny paying him his guinea, gave into my hands the following ncratifatet " 28, Church-roid, D_ Beauvoin t qusre, li'mgsland-road, tDar 3:tool-, Sir. but thave stertlli farel ch 1850. " Debbarinedcaromef shop,iexsanincdthe twho lovesof breadand theesple of , lbon wvhich yon left v,ith me for the purPose of ang si, tadtt am happy to informyou that neither the loaves nor the lefwiatn question containalum. 1ou aref therefore, oneof Othe few bakers i London, if net altogether the of nelye, whose breha is freeafront his adilteration for I have invariably, found nldedabeo proafonf the presence of that suabttane in all the bread frhih I have hitherto a^nalyzed. *-I remain, dear Sir, youesrespoctfelly, ")li. Gilberteon. Judd-street. .X Dr. lNosanwcny ' Idis therefore quite da eartha.D. Rhormandy. in hisletter to "The 'Times of Saturday. 26th inst., in stating that he never analyzed bread thatI tbok bin. but that his certificate aluded to bread whic he himo- efhadwobtainedfromthe shop, isestatngathat hich is not moruyisa ocrect,hbutpositivelyuntrue; forthere isthiseou handwnoting toshowv ,othat the certiDcatean question alDodesto the loaves and dwour left dith him bylmyself forthapurpose of analysis, so that that fact is estahliohedheyond a shadowy of doubt. ThatDr.IYormaudy, in Octeber,lfay, beingtbwreeyears fterthe memorable certificate, di.d_ ie aletter tr-. Gilbeteson to infoerm him tFat he hadestablsbed beyond a doubt that his bread contained atom is sluite correct, and cent it by his domnestie servant (who came es-ery moruingto uarehase breadfor the doctor, and -does to this very day), and I IA,- ltoertsoi,l took the letter froem ber .and opened it, andon seeing thc -eonlenta laughed rigl't oeit, and Sent voed backtby bcer that itewasD aeapital joke-I yondered Dr. for. mandy tas not afraid of being poisoned; it's all humbug; I haidhadl one guinea's worth vvhich so stitsfied me that I bad no snore 4uineas, tof throw aw;ay on tthe came errand, It wras then, and not till then thaut .-Dr. Xbresandy wrote me wrord that Imighatyethmave ooesaioss toyeoet 'beth the practice and the unpolsin manner; v;thwshichlhad recei jed,his well-meanut informtion.- I felt rseured- the character of "our bread waca too firmly establiahd ince the-year 1813, lmd&r certificites from hfr. Faraday and Mr. Wacvlogtc, to be the ;leat affected by anly statemelti of Dr. Norssandy, so I theefoe treated the whole affair with thecontempt it deserveAd an dIa not. at all afraidto leave the Public to judge of thia xe a.it StaD3S, abli haveno doubt they will return isa teir own nsbadsa properverdiet.. I shalldecline, under any circumstances, wrtingmemre on the sbjectwilthecefore with these facts before themn leave the public to formtheir own opinioci as to the value o£ t&e essiletoi 'jostidon orau of Dr. Normandy's atatemente. --- Your humble se.+nnt. '. - A. M MRF:Rk71Th 0of tDe 2l of.f;idbet" a-a 1, - - APTU S . 52, Judd1-sreet. - P.a iving examined the oojieti,t of MY S-in-IaW'$ (}&. Rol0rj !oq?') letter. I beg to certify the sane is true and correct. .W. W. GILBE1ILTSO3, - -- .
IAavertisemnent..- >'1'lle WYidow Bnrnal,y," by r g- TroDope; new and cheap edition; Price 2s boards: frce by post for 2S stanop;.-Sneh all exceDlent novel as .Mrs. Trollopce'i "idovr Barnaby" in its present attractive fernm will bao heartily wselcomed by all lovcrsonffiction. Also, just published, newv and cheap edition of Mlr. J. 31oejer's " laini Baba in England," price ls. 6L; freehsDo5t for 20 etaml's. Mr. .§ronce's Persian tales are nnivesally aclmnow. ledgcdto equal in interest the far-famed" Arabian NXights' F9tetaln menls." Afen-thedition of ths±rensr,rkable Indian tale "Nick of' the WVoods; or. the flchting Qoniner,'7 is nowv ready. price lsg. Gd boards; 2e. cloith-London. W9ard and L.ock. 15iS, Fleet-stceet. [Adverlasement.]-Tlse Newf NoveL, " John }Ialifaxr, Gentleiaman," hy the author of," The Heado£ 'he Fausl,"kc., in 3 -role., in now ready at all the Ibraries. "In 'John Halifax' the author has made r considerable adva ce upon her provions weeks."-" 8pectator." Also inst puh'ished-" Modern Society in Bome,' by 3. lt. Beste. Esq.. anther of "Th.e Wabash" 3 eels; "Mrgaret an d 3Ier Brilesmaids," hy the author of." Woman's Devotion,' 3 rob.. "We recomnend all w ehoare in earchof a fascinatingnovelinreadthis worfk'-"Athenneun" "Ranka ?nd Beauty; or. the Young Baroneso," 3 vols. "The story of ' The Young Baronesse is sureto be attractive." -"Lit. Gaz." "lilliesleaf; the Concluding rassages in the Life of .fa Margaret Mfaitland, of Sunnyside.' New and cheaper edition, in vol., 10-s 6d. llurst and Blaekett, ublisUbesr. [Advertisement.]--Will you dine nvith us to-day ? The ..Wife OwnnBook-of Cookery," teDsvihattD provide, ndhorwbestto dress and lay on the table a dinner for two ormore inanystyle, either cheap or costly, and adapted -to any incoene,- smals or large. This useful book contains above 1.500 original reeeipts for dishes thatcan be get up in any household, and is illustrated with 250 dscHptivo - engravings. "Elcgant Arts fo! aIdies." gives plain instrnetions in every elegant art and graceful accomplishment. l'lice 3. C each. Should be in evry lady's keeping. Bechstein's "Haudbook of Chaviber and Cage l:irds" s 6d.;, Treasures in Neediework," by MiWarren and &rs. Pullan (s; 6d.1, are t.he best books on their SUbjects. Superbly illustratedL Ward and Lock, 155, Flect-street. LAdvertlsement.]-; Memoirs of the Court of the,Regency," from original family documents, by the Duke of Bucking. ham and Chandos, KG., 2 vols. The above work is just published by Messrs. Hurst andBlackett. Among the sabjects eleidated in threevolmuessill be found-the Personal History of tht Prinme of Wales, vith Noticesof hs princinal Friends, puiblicand private-tbe Career or the Pdincessof -anes at Home and Abroad-the last great Europeans Coaliton agslnstANapoleon-the-Visit of the Sovereigns to Englandthe Conaucttof the Princess Charlotte-Sheridan atCarltou-bou the Private Negotiations of the Massiuis We'lesley and Mr. Canningthe .Seret Polcy of the Cabinet-Russian Intrigne-PcroeedigC of tlT;..t r> l < t> I tW.l_s [Advertisement]-Websters, Dictfonarvy.-n one -lu.e royal S o volume, prcel6s., " Webster's Dictioiary of the English I2ngnage," the sixth edition. - Thlghisbly important work, which has been, styled bv the press, `'zmine of inexhaustible wealth, a noble monument of erudition, to the student an invaluable treasure, and to the man of business aneverreadsybok ofreference," m aynow be obitined of any booleller for I1S " Such a marveL of cheapess, such a mass of accurate and- reliable inrormatio4 throughout, compred with the highest and. most recent authorities, and newly edited 27,000 words not to be found In Todd's JohnSon being here inferted, cannot fail to wcmmand for this edition of " Webster" a preinent yositi6n among books of its clas.' A specimen-pago, if desired, will beforwardedgratis on application. London: George3Routledge and Co., Farringdon-strett. [Advertisement-]-Pictures in the Roya CollectionsAThe " Art Journal for Way, price 2&. &L, contains engraings fror the pletures of " Amalfi," by G.E. Hering; and " The Children in the Wood," by J. T. Peel, both at Osborne; sd one foen Spenme'i Statue of " Spring." The literary contributiorns included-"MinsUe of-the liddle Agee bythe Rer. E L,. CUtt, Illustrated: "tiorOelain ,Worka of' Memss. Kerr and Bunms." ilustrated; " Exhibition of the Soeiety of Pritish Artists'' "Novelty in Fanc7 Work,' illustrated; "BritishsArtists, co.14-1T. Cremac, k; A.' illustrated: - "The MarineAquariux," by M S. C. aali: "Whitby JetandAmnopite Ornament5" by t. Bunt, P.R.S.: " The National Galle and its fDeifaners, 'ST Virtue and Co.,21 Paternoster-row,. - [Advertisement.;-" Engliahvwoman's Domestic 3_- zine," 2d. monhly. tV-ttteabyaeoomplishedauthors. Ilustrated by -famous artists. The May nunmberof this mgne commences a new volume; anditspastsuccessbasenabledtheproprietors toxaakesuch arrangements 'with zartbos, artists, and prnterFs as will'Iave it unm rivled. Itwill be printed0o superior paper and with increated cae. The illustrations (always manyand good) wi really be the begtobtain.able. Thus the proprietors have already obtained the sevices of Birket oter, John leech, andSoel }H un,hreys. Tre gentlemen have undertak-en to illustrate a tal by he editor, the "Path of Roses," commencinginthe Maynunber. Other eminent artiste win illustraie -horter stories, poemi kc,. among wbich will bo found un interesting series ot "Tales of the Operas." Arlirles on subjecta liar)y interestg t&wonwiman will freoently appear-as hitherto. The magazine wil aso I-reserve its reputation for naefnlnea as well as intceat. A member of the Royal College of Surgeons-a man of large exoerienee -in public hospitals-will contribute a series of articles for guidne in medical and surgical emergences.- Thesepaperswillbefound under thebead 'The Doctor.' Valuablereeipesfortheteiletandtbebhoa, 1 tdilato beIraBcy Eupplitd,- Thewoek-table depume~t is no* plcedintheexperienced halds of .s.PllanL, A1d he peoprit os feelconSident that the resultof these arfangementsiflxbe a ma=gaine unapproachedin ts class. Apecimennauber'wii be entby thepub-. ler, S.0. O.Beton, IS, Botverie-street, Londoe, on recript of threo stamps; or order of any-bookseller.--- - - [Advertisement.]-Ooramons lnclosure,- essrs. Stevens an Norton b-g to announce that the second editiosi of Mr. WinrveCookebs ' Treatise on Rights of -Comamon and Inelosiins" bceig, now out of print a third editiou-hssbee prepared, is now prFing through thepress, aud wll be ready in a fe7v dsys. The "Treatise on the UVw and Practise of Copyhbld Enfranehiasn,ent " by the anne author, is still on sae; as is alco Mr. Wminroe Cooke'"re! atite upon thelAwsasd l'ractlse of Agrinmiucai T-nancies," 'wherein all the custioms Saxd teant-rights are set forth, and Soqan are givea sui6ed to evvry'v Of SOIL, Climate, and culture. These .works maLy be -had through al bookasllers, or direct frm Steven r BelI-yard, Linofin'inn - - 7 [Advrex sement.]-"SiosiesofW teroo>tin fooeD- -S of Waterloo," by W: H. xwell, auhbor of " Tbezivosse." !moor OTtalloran," km. These amirable "Stoies° P I r Ow D n t- venturet-he Detacliment--she Grenadier Captain-the Nutc-% e MachSasfel-rak Cened-.ooael~iehe Tal aeer Sin 7Llgry-Chvla~ iket-asirie M'.isrin-WaetleOOaRmaes-ttepben P nrcell, ac.: - Prom ba to las tfiis tolOtc k- mroded with theexcitinmg adeeteass f g ulitKeMin i,D ativOWI are. Every lover of the redc '30Ui4 read ther o,Theitoryof aurse harthy alone- would l>ist at ed te lame of s author. Londons: George Zoitldge and Co,,I&dnhI et 3
. RALT I PI CAT ION OF THE TREATY OF PEACE. MC-c.m the Toa.o G&Wte Jaot)rdwa .y of M.enday, -April 23,1856.) FoGRIGK-OFFICE, ArRIL 92t, 1S6.I the 1' Hn. W'millin Stuart, First Attachur to ieajesty's Ems:samy at Paris, arrived this morifing at the FeteiguoKee, being the bearer of the ratifim1)n Ay -teir lIajesties the Emperor of Anstroi the Mnperor cf the French, the. King of Prussia, the 'mper-r cf All the Russiss, the King of Sardinia, znd the Sultan, 8f the definitive treaty for lthe Zstorntfon of peace, and for the mainte=ance df 'the mitegrity and independence of the Ottoman: enipsre, which was signed, at Paens oii tihe 30th of =nr`c last. (!Fem the Supplevwnt to the Loedon '-azUc Extraordinary of Monday, April28.) BY THE QUEEN.-A PRQCLAINATION. VIcronRA R.-Wnereas a definitive treaty of peace and friendship between us avd our allies and His Imperial Majesty tlio Emperor of All the Russias 'was conchided at Paris on the 30th day of March last, and the ratifications thereof have now been duly exchanged; irn conformity thereunito we, have thought fit hereby to comratnd that the same. be published throughout al'l our doniinions; and we do declare to all our loving subjects our will and pleasure that the said treaty of peace and friendship lie observed inviolably, as wel by sea as by land, ind in all cases whatsoever; strictly charging and i'oumnanding all our loving subjects to take notice hereof, and to conform thenselves thereunto accoriingly. -Given at our Court at Buckingham Palace this 28th day of April,.in the year:of our Lord 185G1, and La the 19th year of outrxreign. God save %he Qneen. MBY THE QUEEN.-A PROCLAMATION FOR A PUBLIC THANESGIBING. VicroRA &R.-Whereas it hath pleased Almighty God, in His great goodness, to put an end to the warfare in which we have been engaged against the Emperor of Russia, and to restore peace to Europe; 'we, therefore, adoring the Divine Goodness, and duly considering that the great alnd public blessings of peace do call for public and solemnn acknowledgments, have thought fit, by and with the advice of our Privy Council, to issue this proclamation, hereby appointing that a General Thanksgiving to Almighty God for these His mercies be observed throughout those parts of the united kingdom called 'England and Ireland, on Sunday, the 4th day of May next; and we do earnestly exhort all our loving subjects that they do religiously oDserve the said public Day of Thanksgiving; and, for the better and more devout solemnization of the same, we have given directions to the MIost Reverend the Archbishops and the Right Reverend the Bishops of Fngland to compose a Form of Prayer and Thanksgiving suitable to this occasion, to be used in all churches and chapels, and other places of public worship, and to take care for the tinely dispersing of the same throughout their respective dioceses. Given at our Court at Buckingham Palace, the 28th day of April, in the year of our Lord 1856, and in the 19th year of our reign. God save the Queen. BY THE QUEEN.-A PROCLAM]rATION FOR. A PUBLIC THANKSGIVING IN SCOTLAND. VicromA R.-Whereas it has pleased Almighty God, in His great goodness, to put an end to the warfare in which we have been engaged against the Emperor of Russia, and to restore peace to Europe; we therefore, adoring the Divine Goodness, and duly considering that the great and public blessings of peace do call for public and solemn acknowledgments, have thought fit, by and with 'the advice of our Privy Council, to issue this Proclanlation,hereby appointing that a General Thanksgiving to Almighty God for these His mercies be observed throughout that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, upon Sunday, the 4th day of May next; and we do earnestly exhort all our loving subjects in Scotland that they do reverently and decently observe the said public Thanksgiving on the said 4th day of Mlay next. Our will and pleasure is, therefore, and we charge, that, this our Proclamation seen, ye pass to the Marketcross of Edinburgh, and all other places needful, and there, in our name and under our authort-y, make publication thereof, that none pretend ignorance. And our will and pleasure is that our solicitor do cause printed copies of our Proclamation to be sent to the sheriffs of the several shires, stewarts of stewartries, and bailiffs of regalities, and their clerks, whom we ordain to see the same pub- j aished; and we appoint them to send copies thereof to the several parish churches within their bounds, that, upon the Lord's-day immediately preceding the day above mentioned, the same may be publishled and read from the pulpits, immediately after Divine service. Given at our Court at Buckingham Palace, the 28th day of April, in the year of our Lord 1856. and in the 19th year of our reign. God save the Queen. THE TRE3TY OF PEACR GMYERAI TREATY BETWEEN ICER MAJESTY, TH E mPEROR OF AUSTRIA, TIIE EMPEROR OF TE3 FREMCE, THE KIG OF PRUSSL, TEE EMPEROR OF RUSSIA, THE KIG OF SARDINTA, AND THE SULTAN. (TRANSTATAoNv ('Sige at Paris, March 30, 1856. Eatifications eachanped at I'aris, April27.) In the 2le of Almighty God I Flier 3ajesties the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ar Ireland, the Emperor of the French, the 7Emecrr of All ie-Rustias, the King of Sardinia, and the Eznperoro the ttomans, animated by tie desire of putting an aM to the ealanities of war, and wishing toprevent the etn of the com.p!Scations which occasioned it, resolved to 4ometo anunderstanding with His Majesty the Emperor of .Austria as to fhe bases on which peace night.be re-esta. blighad:n A onEolidated, by-securing, through effectual and xeciprocal uaranteeE, *the independence and integrity of the owman &emnp*re. * Forthis ,rpoze their.idMaiestiesnamed as their Pleaipoiensarias, " thatis'tozyl- * Her 3Maesty the 4-ueen-ofthe United Kingdom of Great 33ritain and lreland, the RigbP on. George William Frede. iick, EArl of Clazrend, Baro Hyde of Hindon, a Peer of the United Kingdom, a member of Her Britannic Majesty's Most orn. Privy Council, Knitof the Most Noble Order of the Garter, Knight Grand Cross of the M)st lHon. Order of the Bath, Her Majests Principal Secreta.-' of State for Foreign Affiirs; and the 31ight Eon. Henry Ric rdCharles, Baron Cowley, a Peer of tne United Kingdom, a h:ember of Her Majest,'s Most Hon. Privy Council, -Knight Grand Croms of the Most Hon. Order of the Bath, Her' Majestyg Anbaaador Extraordinary and Plenipoten.iary to His Majesty the Emperor of the French; HlisMajesetheEmpewrof-Austria, the .Sieur Charles' Ferdinand, Dount of Buol-Schauent-ein, Grand Cross of the Ixnyeri Order of leopold of kistrii, and Knight of the Oxder of the Iron Crown of the First Claas, Grand Cross of 6e Imperial Order of the Icgi of H{onour, Knight of the Ores of the Black Eagle aaof the Red- Eagle of Prussia, GrarA Crs of the Imperaja Orders of Alexander Newaild, ;n diAonds, and of the White Eagle of Russia, Grand C.;oa of the Order of St. John of Jeruslem, decorated With the Imeri Order of the Medjidie of the Fir3t Claxs,, ,_ big Cpn3ebiw nd actual Privy Councillor, his nr of thg je,a and of Foreign Affairs, President of we lLoaience dg .iniaers; - and the Sieur Joseph Alexr: eErron de Hikog Grand Crosx of the Imperial Order e & g on, GCo. O$cer of the Impeeal Order ef peeflcnor t4 Piv snillr d EnyvyExtraordid yand Minister Plenipotenti%r to the Court of Fraure; -' Mis Xlajet the Emperor'of the French, the Sieur Alekx' snder Cosatt Colowa Walewski, a Senator of the Empirem i Grand Qfficer of the Imperial Order of the Iegions of H16noer, Knight Grand Cross of the Equestrian Order of the :Serapllim, Grand Cross of the Order of St. Maurice and St. 'Izarug,'decoratedwvith the Imperial Order of the *Vedjidie, of tha First Class, &c., his Mlinister and Secretary 'ef State for Foreign Affairs; andthe Sieur Francis Adolphus,-Baron de Bourquency, Gracd Cross of the Imperial Order of.the Legion of Honour aud of the Order of Leopold of.Austria, decorated with the portrait v£ the Sultan diamonds, kc., his. Envoy Extraordinary' and Minlister Plenipotentiary to His Iaperial aad Royal ApostoliEc His Majesty the Emiperorof All fbe 3Bussiss, the sieur . Aileis, Count Orloff, his Aid-de-Cap General aUdGe6eralj of Cavalry, Comxmanderef tihe sEoaa-quarters of His Majesty, a menmber of the Couacil *f the Emipird and of the Committee of :Minitetrs, decorated with two portraits in J1nohams'of their Majesties the' late Emperor Nicholas sand the Emperor Alexanaer IL, Knight of 'the Order of St. Andrew, in diamonds, =a4dof the Orders of Rlssia, Grand Cross of the Order of St. Stephen of Austria of the First Class, of the Black Eagle of Prussia in diamonds, of the Annunciati6n of Sardinia, and of several other; foreign orders; and the Sieur.Philip, Bargn de Branow, his Privy Conscillor, his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipo. tentiary to the Germanic Confederation and to the Grand Ouke of Hesse, Kuightof the Order of St. Wladimir of the First Crass, of St.AlexanderflXewski enriched withdiamonds, of the White Baglc, of St. Anne of the First Class, of St. Stanislaus of the First, Class, Grand Cross of the Order of the Red Eagle of Prissia'of the First Class, Commander of the Order of St. Stephen of Austria, and of several other foieign orders; His Majesty the King of S.rdinia, the Sicur Camille Benso, Count of Cavour, Grand Cross of thie Order of St Mastrice and St. Iazarus, Knight of the Order of Civil Merit of Savoy, Grand Cross of the Imperial Order of the Legion of Honour, decorated with the Imperial Order of the Medjidie of :the first class, Grand Cross of several other foreign orders, President of the Council of Ministers, and his Minister Secretary of State for the Finances; and the Sieur Salvator, Marquis de Vsllanarina, Grand Cross of the -Order of St. Maurice and St. LAarus, Grand Officer of the Imperial Order of tho Legion of Honour, &c., his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipo,entiary to the Court of France; And His Majesty the Emperor of the Ottoman5, houhanmmed Emin Aali Paaha, Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire, decorated with the Imperial Orders of the Medjidie and of Merit of tho First Class, Grand Cross of the Imperial Order of the Legion of Honour, of St. Stephen of Austria, of the Red Eagle of Prussia, of St. Anne of Russia, of St Maurice and St. Lazarus of Sardinia, of the Polar Star of Sweden, and of several other foreign orders; and Mehemmed DIeniil Bey, decorated. with the Imperial Order of the Medjidie of the Second Class, and Grand Cross of the Order of St. Maurice and. St. Lazarus, his Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to His Majesty the Emperor of the French, accredited in the same character to Hismajesty the King of Sardinia. Which Plenipotentiaries amsembled in Congress at Paris. An understanding having been happily established between them, their Majesties the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and. Ireland, the Emuperor of Austria, the Emperor of the French, the Emperor of All the Russias, the King of Sardinia, and the Emperorof the Ottomans, considering that in the interest of Europe, His Majesty the King of Prussia, a signing party to the Convention of the 13th of July, 1341, should be invited to participate in the new arrangements to be adopted, and appreciating the value that the concurrence of his said Majesty would add to a work of general pacification, invited him to send Plenipotentiaries to the Congress. - In consequence, His Maiesty the King of Prussia named as his Pienipotentiaries, that.is to say:- The Sieur Otho Theodore Baron de Manteuffel, President of his Council, and his Minister for Foreign Affairs, Knight of the Red Eagle of Prussia of the fLrst class, with Oakle Aves, Crown, and Sceptre, Grand Commander of the Order of HohenzoDern, Knight of the Order of St. John of Prussia, Grand Cross of the Order of St. Stephen of Hungary, Knight of the Order of St. Alexander Newski, Grand Cross of the Order of Sh. Maurice and St. Lazarus, and of the Order of the Nichan-Iftihiar of Turkey, &o.; and the Sieur Maximilian Frederick Charles Francis Count of Hatzfeldt Wlldenburg-Schoenstein, his actual Privy ConncilIor, his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Court of France, Knight of the Order of the Red Eagle of Prussis of the second-class, with Oak-leaves and Badge, Knight of the Cross of Honour of Hohenzollern of the first class, &c. ThePlenipotentiaries, after having exchanged their full powers, found in good and due formn, have agreed upon the following articles:- Art. 1. From the day of the exchange of the ratifications of the present treaty there shall be peace and friendship between Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, His Majesty the Emperor of the French, His Majesty the King of Sardinia, His Imperial Majesty the Sultan, on the one part, and His Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias, on the other part, as wen as between their heirs and successors, their respective dominions and subjects in perpetuity. Art. 2. Pence being happily re-established between their said Majesties, the territories conquered or occupied by their armies during the war shal be reciprocally evacuated. Special arrangements shall regulate the mode of the evacuation, which shal be as prompt as possible. Art. 3. His Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias engages to restore to his Majesty the Sultan the town and citadel of Kars, as well as the other parts of the Ottoman territory of which the Russian troops are in possession. Art. 4. TheirMajesties the Queen of the UnitedKingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Emperor of the French, the King of Sardinia, and the Sultan, engage to restore to His Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias the towns andc ports of Sebastopol, Balalava, Kanmesch, Eupatoria, Kertbch, Yenikale, Kinburn, as well as all other territories occupied by the allied troops Art. 5. Their Majestiesthe Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Emperor of the French,, the Emperor of All the Russias, the King of Sardinia, and the Sultan, grant a full and entire amnesty to those of their subjects who may have been compromised by any participation whatsoever in the events of the war in favour of the cause of the enemy. It is' ex-pressly understood that such amnesty shall estend to the subjects of each of the belligerent parties who may have continued during the war to be employed in the service of one of the other belligerents. Art. 6. Prisoners of war shall be immediately given upi on either side. ' - Art. 7.-Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdomof Great Britain and Ireland, His MIajesty the Emperor of; Austria, His Majesty the Emperor of the French, His MaJesty the King of Prussia, His Majesty the Emperor of All! the Russias, and His Mbjesty the King of Sardinia, declare the Sublime Porte admitted to participate in the advantagesi of the public law and system (eosacc-t) of Europe. Their, Majesties engage, each on his part, to respect the indepeudence and the territorial integrity of the Ottoman Empire; guaantee in common the strict observance of that engagement; andwill, in consequence, consider anyact tendingto' its violation as a question of general interest. Art. 8. If there should arise between the Sublime Porte and onae or more of the other signing Powers any misunderstandingwhich might endanger the maintenance of their re-- lations, the Sublime Porte and each of such Powers, before having reconre to the use of force, shall afford the other. contracting paries the oppority of preventing such an extremity by means of their mediation. Art. 9. His Imperial Majesty the Sultan having, in' his contant solicitude for the welfare of his subjects, issued a firman which, while ameliorating their condition without distinction of religion or of race, records his generous inten- tions towards the Uhristan population of his empire, and wishing to give a further proof of his Eentiments in' that respect, bas resolved to communicate ,to the contracting parties the said firman, emanating spontaneously from his sovereign will. The contracting Powers recognize the high value of this comunication. It is clearly understood that it cannot, in any case, give to the said Powers the right to interfere, either collectively or separately, in the relations of His aeOsty the Sultan with his subjets, nor in the internal administration of his empire. Art. 10. The convention of the 13th of July, 1841, which sraintans the ancient 'rule of the Ottoman Empire relave to the closing of the Straits of the Bosphorus and pf tbeDavdauelles, has been revised-by common consent. The act concluded for, that- purpose, and in conformiiy wi Y1 that prli,4ple, between the high contracting parties, is a,ed rem;ains annexed to the present treaty, and rhall'i have i'lsc same force and validity as if it formed an integral part thelreof. . 1' the Blck Sea is neutralized; its waters and its port; th rown open to the mercantile marine of every nation, are f,_'rmay and in perpetuity interdicted to the flag of war, eith'er of the Powers possessing itg coasts or of any other Po ver, with the exceptions mentioned ,in Arclae 14 and 19 'f t the present treaty. Ax4 12. Free from xwiimpedisent, the commerctin;the portk sd TAMd s Vth 1at Tc sal 1 5.bte u only to regulations of health, customs, and police, framed in: a spirit favourable to the development of conunercial tranwt actionr. In order to afford to the commercial and maritime intorests of every nation the security which is desired. Rusida and the Sublime Porte wvil admit Consuls- into their ports situated upon the coast of the Black Sea, in conforinty with the principles of international law. Art. 13. The Blacck Sea being neutralized according to the teams of Art. 11, the inaintenaaco or establishment upon its coast of military-maritime arsenals becomes alike unnecessary and purposeless'; in consequence, His Majesty the rmperor of Ail the Rusiisa and His Imperial Majesty the Sultan engage not to establish or to maintain upon that coast any military-maritime arsenaL Art. 14. Their Majesties the Emperor of All the Russias and the Sultan having concluded a conlvention for the purpose of settling the foree and the mumber of light vessels necessary for the service of their coasts, which they reserve to themselves to maintain in the Black Sea, that converntioi is annexed to the present treaty, 2nd shall have the ia'me force and validity as if it fornmed sn integral par thereof. It cannot be either annulled or modified Yithout the assent of the Powers signing the present treaty. Art.15. The act of the. Congress of Vienna having.estahblshed the principles intbnded to regulate the navigation of rivers which. separate -or traverse different States, the contracting Powers stipulate among themselves that those principles shall in future be equally applied to the Danube and itsrmouths. They declare that this arrangement henceforth forms a part of the public law of Europe, and tUke it undertheirguarantee.- The navigation of the Danube cannot to subjectecd to any impediment or charge not expressly provided for by the stipula'eions contained in the following articles; in consequence, there shall not be levied any toll founded solely upon the fact of the navigation of the river, nor any duty uponf the goods which may bh on board of vessels. The regulations of police and of quarantine to be established for the safety of' the States separated or traverEed by that river shall be so fransed as to facilitate, as much as possible, the passage of vessels. With the exception of such regulations, no obstacle whatever shall be opposecd to free navigation. Art. 16. WVith the view to carry out the arrangements of the preceding article, a commission, in which Great Britain, Austria, France, Prussia, Russia, Sardinia, and Turkey shall each be represented by one delegate, shall be charged to dasignate and cause to be executed the works necessary below 21satcha, to clear the mouths of the Danube, as well as the neighbouring parts of the sea, from the sands and other impediments which obstruct 'tlem, in order to put that part of the river and the said parts of the sea in the best possible state for navigation. In order to cover the expenses of such works, as well as of the establishments intended to secure and to facilitate the navigation at the mouths of the Danube, fixed duties, of a suitable rate, settled by the commission lby a majority of votes, may be levied, on the express condition that in this respect, as in every other, the flags of aU nations shall be treated on the footing of perfect equality. Art. 17. A commission shall be established, and shall be composed of delegates of Austria, Bavaria, the Sublime Porte, and Wurtemberg (one for each of those Powers), to whom shall he added commissioners from the three Danubiin Principalities, whose nomination shall have been ap proved by the Porte. This commission, which shall bh per manent:-L Shall prepare regulations of navigation and river police. 2. Shal remove the impediments, of whatever nature they may be, which stil prevent the applcation to the Danube ofthe arrangements of the Treaty of Vienna 3. Shall order and cause to be executed the necessary works throughout the whole course of the river. And 4. Shall after the dissolution of the European Comniision, see to rnaintaining the mouths of the Danube and the neighbouring parts of the sea in a navigable state. ArL 18. lt is understood that the European Commission shall have completed its task, and that the River Commission shall have finished the works described in the preceding article, under Nos. 1 and 2, within the period of two years. The signing Powers assembled in conference, having been informed of t'nat fact, shall, after having placed it on record, pronounce the dissolution of the European Commission, and from that time the permanent River Commis' sion shall enjoy the same powers as those with which the European Commission shall have until then been invested. Art. 19. In order to insure the execution of the regula tions which shall have been established by common agree. mcnt, in conformity vith the principles above declared, each of the contracting Powers shall have the right to station at all times two light vessels at the mouths of the Danube. Art, 20. In exchange for the towns, ports, and territories enumerated in Art. 4 of the present treaty, and in order more fully to secure the freedom of the navigation of the Danube, His Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias consents to the rectification of his frontier in Bessarabia. The new frontier shall begin from the Black Sea, one kilometre to the east of Iake Bourna Sola, shall run per. pendicularly to the Akerman road, shall follow that road to the Val dc Trajan, pas to the south of Bolgrad, ascend the course of the river Yalpuck to the Height of Saratsika and terminate at Katamori, on the Pruth. Above that point the old frontier between the two empires shall not undergo any modification. Delegates of the contracting Powers Ehall fix, in its details, the line of the new frontier. Art. 2L The territory ceded by Russia shall be annexed to the Principailty of Moldavia under the suzerainty of the Sublime Porte. The inhabitants of that territory shall enjoy the rights and privileges secured to the Principalities; and duning the space of three years they shall be permitted to transfer their domicile elsewhere, disposing freely of their pro. perty. Art. 22. The Princiralities of WAallachia and Moldavia shall continue to en5joy, under the suzerainty of the Porte and under the guarantee of the contracting Powers, the privileges and immunities of which they are in possession. No exclusive protection shall be exercised over them by any of the guaranteeing Powers There shall be no separate right of interference in their internal affairs. Art. 23. The Sublime Porte engages to preserve to the said Principalities an independent and national admninis tration, as well as full liberty of worship, of legislation, of commerce, and of navigation. The laws and statutes at present in force shall be revised. In order to establish a complete agreement in regard to such revision, a special commission, as to the composition of which the high contracting Powers will come to an under. standing among themselves, shall assemble without delay at Bucharest, together with a commissioner of the Sublime Porte. The businens of this commission shall be to investigaie the present state of the Principalities, and to propose bases for their future organization. Art. 24. His Majesty the Sultan promises to convoke immediately in each of the two provinces a Divan ad hoc, composed in such a manner as to represent most closely the interests of all classes of society. These Divans shall be called upon to exuress the wishes of the people in regard to *the definitive organization of the Principalities. An instruction from the Congress shal regulate the relations between the commission andthesefDivan. Art. 25. Taking into consideration the opinion expressed by the two Divans, the commission shall transmit without delay to the present seat of the conferencest the result of its own labours. The final agreement with the Suzerain Power shalihbe recorded in a convention to be concluded at Paris between the high contracting parties; and a hatti-sherif, in con. formity with the stipulations of the convention, snall con. stitute definitively the organization of those provinces placed tbenceorward under the collective guarantee of all the Signing Powvers. Art. 26. It is agreed thit there shall be in the Principalities a nationa armed force, organized with the view to maintain the security of the interior and to insure that of the frontiers. No impediment shall be opposed to the extraordinary measures of defence which, by agreement with the Sublime Porte, they may be called pon to take, in order to repel any external aggression. Art. 27. If the inter nal tranquiDlY of the Principali ties should be menaced or compromised, the Sublime Porte shall come to an understanding with the other contracting Powers in regard to the emeasures to be tahen for maintaining er re-establissing legal order. No armed iintrvention ean take place without previous agreement between those Posvers. Art. 28. The Principality of Servia shall continue to oold of the Sublime Porte, in conformity with theImmperial Hats which fix ina determine its rights and mmmunities, :plced henceforward under the collective guarantee of the contracting Powers. In consequence the said Principality shall preserve its in- dependent and mational administration, as - vW e as fuul liberty of worhip, of legislation, of commerce, and of navi gagtin . Art . 2 X> The right of garrison of the Sublime Prte 'as Stipulated by anteior i regulation iAs maint andea N2o armed intervention can take place in Servia without pro vious agreement :between the high contracting powers - Art. s0, Hlis Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias and His Majesty the Sultan maintain in its integrity the ate of their possessions in Asia sueh as it legally existed betore the ruptuere, In order to prevent all loal dispute the line f iefrontier shall be verified, and, if necexary, rectified, without any. prejudice, fi xegards territory, being sustaned by either )ar thi '. a ' ' p ' '' hi puzpo ali 3nze4 c mniQn, Cegsllori cof;X < lessian eommisioness, two Ottomau Conimiscioners, ozie English Conausiaoater, and one French Comissioner, ahat1 be sent to the spot immediately after the re-establishmeu' of diplomatic relations between the Court of Russia ant the Sublimo Porte. Its laboursa shall be completed within the period oE eight months after the exchange of the ratifications of the present treaty.. Art. 3L The territories occupied during the war by the troops of their Majesties the Queen of the United Kingdomin of Great Britain and'Ireland, tho Emperor of Austria, the Emperor of the French, and the King of Sardiiia, accordiiig to the terms of the-conventions signed at Constantinopie on the 12th of March, 1854, between Great Britainj Frnce, and the Subl'me Porte; on the 14th of June, of the same year, between Austria and the Sublime Porte; and on the -15th of March, 1855, between Sardinia. and the Sublime Porte, shall be evacuated as soon as possible afterthe exchange of the ratifications of tho present treaty. The periods and the means of execution shall form the object of an arrangement between the Sublime Porte and the Powers .whose troops have occupied its territory. b Art. 32. Until the treaties or conventions whichl existed before the wvar between the belligerent Powers have been either renewed or replaced by new acts, commerce of importation or of eiportation shall take placo reciprocally on the footing of the regulations in force before the Wr'ar; and in all other matters their subjects, shall be resectively treated upon the footing of the most favoured nation. - Art. 33. The convention concluded this day betwaen their Majesties the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Emperor of the French, on the, one part, and His Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias onthe other part, respecting the Aland Islands, is and remains annexed to the present treaty, and shaU have the same force and validity as if it formed a part thereof. Art. 34. The present treaty shall be ratified, and the ratifications shall be exchanged at Paris in the space of four weeks, or sooner if possible. In witness whereof the respective Plenipotentiaries have signed the same, and have afixed thereto the seal of their arms. Done at Paris the 30th day of the month of March, in the year 1856.' CLARENDoN. COWLEY. BUOL-SCOAUENSTEIN I 1~~~BUBNER. A. WAtLEWSKr. BOURQUENEY. MANTEUFFE C,. C. ML D'HATZFLDT. ORLOFF. BRUNNOW. 0. CAVOURM DE VILLAMARINA. AALI. MEE MMED DJEMIIL ADDITIONAL AD TRANSITORY ARTICLE. The stipulations of the convention respecting the Straits, signed this day, shaU not be applicable to the vessels of war employed by the belligerent Powers for the evacuation by sea of the territories occupied by theirarmies; but the said stipulations shal -resume their entire effect as soon as the evacuation shall be terninated. Done at Paris the 30th day of the month of March, in the , year 1656. I ~~~~CLAXENDONz. COWLEY. BUOLSCHAUENSTEIN. HUBNER. A. WALIEWSKI BOURQUENEY. MANqTIBUFFEL C. x IYHATZFELDT. IORLOFF. IRRUNNOW. I CA .VOUR. DE VILLAMALRINA. AALL MEHEMIED DJEEMIL. CONVENTIONS ANNEXED TO THE PRECEDING TREATY. L-CONVENnoN BETwEEN HER MAynsry, THE EmePn. ;ROR oF AUSTRIA, THE EMPEROR OF THIE FRESnCu, THE KING OF PRUSSIA, THE EMPEROR oF Russim, AND THE KIsNG OF SARDINIA, ON THE ONE PART, AND THE SULTAN ON THE OTHER PART, EESpECrLNG THE STRAITS OF THE DARDASELLES AND OF THE BosPlioRus. (Signed at Paris March 30, 1856. Ratification exchanged at Paris April 27,1S56.) In the Name of Almighty God, I Art. 1. His Majesty the Sultan, on the one part, declares that he is firmly resolved to maintain for the futuro the principle invariably established as the ancient rule of his empire, and invirtue of which it has at all times been prohibited for the ships of war of foreign Powers to enter the Straits of the Dardanelles and of the Bosphorus, and that so long as the Porte is at peace, His Majesty will admit no foreign ship of war into the said Straits. And their Majesties the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Emperor of Austria, the Emperor of the French, the King of Prumsia, the Emperor of All the Russims, and the Kingof Sardinia, on the other part, engage to respect this determination of the Sultan, and to conform themselves to the principle above declared. Art. 2. The Sultan reserves to himself, as in past times, to deliver firmans of passage for light vessels under flag of war, which shall be employed, as is usual, in the service of the missions of foreign Powers. Art 3. The same exception applies to the light vessels under flag of vwar, which each of the contracting Powers is authorized to station at the mouths of the Danube, in order to secure the execution of the regulations relative to the liberty of that river, and the number of which is not to exceed two for each Power. Art 4. The present convention, annexed to the general treaty signed at Paris this day, shall be ratified, and the ratifications shall be exchanged in the space of four Wreeks, or sooner if possible. In witness wflereof the respective Plenipotentiaries have signed the same, and have affixed thereto the seal of their earias. D Done at Paris the 30th day of the month of March, in ihe year 185{. CLARENDON. COWLEY. BUOL-SCHAUENSTN1. HUBNER. A. WALEWSKI BOUIRQUENEY. MANTEUFFEL C. xL D'HATZFEIDT. ORLOBF BR'UJNNOW. C. CAVOUR. DE VILLAMARINA. AALL. MEEIMMED DJEBIT 2.-CoNvNTION BETW N THE EMIPEROR or RUSSIAs AND THE SuLTAz, LcInG TIR NtVAL FORCS LI THE BLACK SEA (Signed at. Paris March 30. Ratifications exchanged at Paris, April 27, 1856.) In the Name of Almighty God. Art. L The high contracting parties mutually engage not to have in the Black Sea any other veels of war than those of which the number, the force, and the dimensions are hereinafter stipulated. Art. 2. The high contracting parties reserve to themselves eacwhto maitaininthatsea six steamvessels of 50 metres in length at the line of floatation, of a tonnage of 800 tons at the meximun, and four light steam or sailing vessels, of a tonnage which shall not exceed 200 tons each. - Art. 3. The present convention, annexed to the general i treatysigned at Paris this day, shall ba ratified, and the ratifications shall be exchanged in the space of four weeks, or sooner if possible. In witness whereof the respective Plenipotentiaries have signed the same and have affixed thereto the seal of their arms. Done at Ptdis, the 13th day of the month of March, in the year 1856. ORLOFF. BRUNNOW. AALL MIEREMMED DJEMEL 3. CONVENTION BETWEEN HER MAJSTY THE Er. , PEROR OF THE FRENCH, AND MTE EM3PEROR OF RUSSIA, RSPECTG THE AwnD IsLaN-Ds. (Signed at Paris, Mrch 30, 1856.-Ratifications exchanged at Paris, April27, 186). In the Name of Almighty God. Art. 1. His Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias, in order to respond to the desire which has been expressed to him by their Majesties the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Emperor of theFrench, declares that the Aland Islands shall not be fortified, and that no military or naval establishment shall be maintained or created there. Art. 2. The present convention, annexed to the general treaty signed kt Paris this day, shall be ratified, and the ratifcations shall be exchanged in the space of four weeks, cr sooner if posible. "In witness whereof the respective Plenipotentianies have signed the sane, and hae axed thereto the seal of their as. - I)Doue at Paris the 30th day of the month of March, inthe ye2r lB.i6. CLARENDON. COWLEY. - -A. WALEWSKL - * BOURQUENEY. - * ORLOFF. BRUNNOW. -Delaration respeting maritime law, signed by the Plenipotentiaed of Great Brtaitn, Awsi Thince, Prussia, Rlissia, Sardinia, and TurLey as- embcd in CongressatParis,Apri1 16, 185 . (Trahutio-L) TbeKPlenlipotentiories who isigned the treaty of Pari, of I he 30th of rch 1856, assembled in conferenceeConsidering,- That maritime law, in time of war, has long been the sabject of deplorablo disputes;; I That the uncertainty of the law ana of the duties in such | a natter gives rise to diferencs of opinion between neutrals' and beligerernts which may occasion serious difficulties, And *eve conflicts; - Mhat it is consequently advantageous to establish a uniform doctrine on so important a point; That the Pienipotentiaries assembled in Congress at Paris eaznob better respond to the intentiois by which their Governments are animated than by sceidng to intdroduce into international relations fixed principles in this respect; . The abovemehtioned Plenipotentiaries being duly autho. oifed resolved to concert amiong themseln es as to the means - cf tining this object; and, hiving come to an agree ment, have adopted the follo'ing solemn declaratiou L Pzivateerisg:is. and remain, abolished. 2. The neutral flag covers enemy's goods, -with the ex0eption of contraband of war. 3. Nteutral goods, with the exception of oontraband of war, arc not liible to capture under enemy's flag. 4. Blockades, in brder to be binding, must be effctivothat is to say, maintained by a foroo sufficientreally to pre vent access to the coast of the enemy. The Governments of the undersigned Pilenipotentisries engage to bring tho present declaration to themnowledge of theStates whichhave not taken part in theCongressof, Paris, and to invite them to accedaeto it. Convinced that the maxims which they now proclaiu cannot but be received with gratitude by the whole world, the undersigned Plenipotentimies doubt not that the efforts of their Governments to obtain the general adoption thereof vfll be crowned with full success. Tho present declaration is not and shall not be binding; except. betveen those Powers Who have acceded, or bIf accede, to it. Done at Paris, the 16th of April, 1856. BUOL-SCHA11ENSTEUT. HUBNER. WA.LEWSKL MOtTRQUENEY. CLARENDON-. COWLEY. IdANTEUFyEL EATZFELDT. ORLOFF. JBRUNNOW. CAVOURI DE VILA1rARINA. AAL'L MEHEI,IED DJEM1 We have received the Moniteiur of yesterday. It publishes the following:- " The Emn)eror received to-day different foreigners of distinction, presented to him by his Excellency the Ambassador of Great Britain and by the Ministers of Prussia, of the Brazils, and of the 1Netherlands. " The ratifications of the Treaty of Peace, signed at Paris on the 30th of March last, as w-ell as of the conventions annexed thereto, were exchanged on Sunday, at 3 o'clock, at the M1nistry of Foreign Affairs. " The Treaty and the Protocols will be published in the Moniteur on Tuesday."
NA YAL AND MILITABY INTBLLIGEYOE. I- I'he following account of arrivals and departures of vesels is given by our Malta correspondent in his letter of the 23d inst.:- "The City of Londousteamn transport arrived from Genoa andSpezziaon th2lst. " The Berwicck steam transport arrived from Gibraltar on the 2d. " The Andes steam transport arrivedfrom Dublin on the 22d in ballast, and on the same day the Alps, from Liverpool, and the Madagascar, screw steamer, from Gibraltar, all bound eastward, to embark troops for England. - " Her;Majestys steam transport lesolute left for ConstantmDe nh 16th. "7The Impratrice steam transport left for Constantinople and the Crimea on the17th having taken out most of the stores brought from E ngland, and hlled up with abont SOO tons of coals. " The Great Western steam transport arrived from Constantinople ou the 2}st, bringing for Mala Sir J. and Lady Wood, and their son, Cornet Wood, 13th Dragoons. She left for England on the 21st. "Her Majesty's steam frigate Dauntless, from Sinope, Constantinople, and the Pirmns of Athens, arrived on the 17th.~~~~~~~~~o h " The steam-transport Arthur Gordon arrived on the 15th from Constantinople with returned stores. "The Cleopatra steam transport arrived with ordnance from Balaklav> and Constantinonp leon the 21st. " The Lady Jocelyn steamer, from Bona, l{aving in tow the American hay-laden sailing-ship Gauntlet, both in the French transport service, left for ovsn aople on the 16th; and on the 17th th se Vittorir Cmonanneleo ardinan screw steamer, likewaise in the same service, and for the samue destina.tion. " tThle Sardinian brig Campodiglio, from Bona, arrived "The French steam transport Provenco arrived on the 15th from Marseilles, with stores for Constantinople, and left on the 20th. "The New York, English steamer in the French transport service, airived from Marseiles on the 20th} "The City of Washington steamer, in the same service arrived from Marseilles, like1wise with stores, on the 22d, baving in tow the Lord Dalhousie sailingtransport, both bound to Constantinople, to embark troops'for France. " The French steam corvette Mrilan arrived on the 18th from Constantinople, bringing 28 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, and after embariing 33 left for Toulon on the 18th. "The Maiden City, steamtransport in the French service, arrived from Constantinople on the 21st, bringing 19 French military invalids, and left for Iarseilles on the 22d " The Czarina and Ifaraquita schooner yachts arrived from Syracuse on the 17th. " The Grecian screw steamer arrived from Alexandria on the 18th, and left for Liverpool on the same day. " The Taurs screw steamer arrived from Liverpool an(d Gibraltar on the 20th, and left for Syra and Constantinople on the 21st. "The lady Sale screw steamer arrived from Antwerp, Plymouth, and LkLbon on the 21st for Constantinople. " The Brenda screw steamer arrived from London and Gibraltar on the 22d for Constantinople. " The Xarnak screw steamer arrived from Alexandria on t'he 22d. "The French Government screw steam despatch-vessel Passepartout arrived.from Tripoli on the 17th, and left with return despatches on the 20th. " The Seine French steamer left for Marseilles on the 17th, and on the same day the Oronte French postal steamer for Messina, Naples, Civita Vecchia, Leghorn, Genoa, and Marseilles. The latter conveyed, among other passengers. Lady Napier, the Hon. MrL. Hay, Lord Henry Scott, and Colonel Browune. " Her MajesWs steampacketCaradoc arrived on the 2Sth from Zante. " The Canmel French postal steamer arrived from farseilles on the 20th, and left for Constantinople on the same evenng. "The Vatican, French postal steamer, came in at the same time, from Marseilles, Genoa, Leghorn, Civita Vecchin, Naples, and Messina, bringing, among otherpassengers, Lady Hamilton Chichester, and the family of the :ussian Consul, the Chevalier Tagliaferro, returning to tale up their abode in Valetta. "The Timber French mnail steamer arrived from Constantinople, Smyrna. and Syra on the 23d, and left for Marseies on the same day." The Conqueror, 101, Captain Symonds, ana the Cruiser 17, Commander the Hon. G. Douglas, left the fleet at Spitheadyesterday for Plymouth. The Centurion, S1, Captain W. J. Williams, and Pearl, 21, Captain Sotheby, left the fleet at Spithead on Sunday night for the westward. The Meteor, 14, floaing battery, Captan F. B. Seymour, went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday afternoon to refit ; the Glatton, 14, ditto, Captain Cumming, also went into harbour for the same purpose. The Trusty, 14, Captain Campbell, put back to Spithead yestorday afternoon, the vessel which had her in tow having broken down. All the Coastguardmen and seamen riggers are to be discharged from the fleet. A general muster of the men, numbering upwards of 1,000, employed in the shipping department of Wonlwich docky.ad took place yesterday morning, for the purpose of commaencing a slight reduction in that establishment and examining the claims for saperannuation. A new mortar float, numbered 116, was taken down to Woolwich yesterday morning, and is to go into basin to be fitted out. The Government transport East Anglian, No. 162, arrived off Woolwich Arsenal on Sunday, with returned stores from Portsmouth and Plymouth. Certain storeage rooms attached to Woolwich Arsenal having been ceded to the Laboratory and other departments, and a superabundance7 of returined stores being shortly expected from the East, sx new storehouses are in tho course of erection there. The dinensions of one of the rooms, which will be appropriated for stowgwy case shot and shell, will be 235 feet by 65; and a econd, to be used for housng ambulance and other carriages, 'wilibe nearly of an equal sze. The immense floating battery laLunched at Jarrmw on ThursdaybyMess Palmer for the Government left the Tyne on Sunda for Sheerness. She was under steamw hen shevwentoutof Shieldsharbour, and seemed to steeradmirably.. The Royal Albert steam tug accompanied her as a tendei, and'the Alice and Warrior screw colliers left the Tyne by the ,mie tide to keep her company on her pawsge up; She is not quite Snished, an& several workmen went out to sea in her to complete the work. She is propelKbs 119g p .esr c&nfI . I i The following sppointments w.ers made yesterday at tfhr Axmiralty :-Francis Osbornetobe Lieutenant (additioniat tothe Royal Albert ; :Richard P. Greshamtobe IUentenaii. (additional), to the Royl Albert; Frederick Townaend t& be Second-1aster, to the Ala1 - W. E; E. R. Jamstobe NavalCadet, to the London; J. B. 3xrsden, J. Anderror, and C. E. Dcmville, to be Naval Cadegs, to the Eryiaa 'C. ITAUghlin, to be Naval Cadet, to the ksk-; I Perc to be Naval Cadet, to the A-phion- F. 4, to *bbTayal Cadet, to the Roy.ld Albert; T. S. Jaclson, to be -Navi3 Cadet, to the Calcutta; W. E. Garnett, to be Naal ade'tf, tothe Ebunouth; W. B. Bridges, tothe RoyalAlbert. F. J. Easther, to be Naval Cadet, to the Brunswick; 1 C' G. T. .Vest, to be NTval Cadet, to the PearL The following statement of the deftinations of tbe regi. ments named on leaving the Crinmea is, wre believe, quite ac. curate.-The lSt Poyal, 2d Battalion, 14th, 21st, Ztn, 31st, 47th, 48th, 57th,and 71Lt go to tlta; iiei3teh, 30th, 55th, 89th, anu 92d to Gibraltar; the 3d, 40th, anui .68th to Corfu; nndthe 9th, 17th, 39th, 62d, *nd. Gto Pri. tish North America. The 51st ae on their way homefr ou 3ata, and the 54th, 66th, and 94th from Gibraltar. It is probable that no reliefs to the East or West Indies -ill take place this year.
UNYIVERSITY INTEEZIGIHCE. I OXFORD. ARTI 28. In the Convocation to be holden on Prday next, fay 2; atlO o'cloclk, a decree will be iubmitted to aUoW2rr. Harper, of Merton College, to preeent himself for examination in thew School of Law anud Modem History, notwithsauding hlis. having omitted to give in his name to the Proctor. The Professor of Chyrnistry has given notice that hi6lrst. lecture is unavoidably tostponea from Tuesday, April 29 nntil Friday, the 2d of ay. at 9 oclock a.m:
TO THREEDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The Bishop of Oxford, in his able speech on thea Marriage lar iu the aHouse of Lords on Fxriday night, in' reported to have said,- IA' great casuist in the Church of Rome, LIgxori br name, 'whose teaching in the matter o£ dispensation h . been declared by the rope to be the true doctrine of. the church, had laid down this rule with regard to the dispensing po ver,-'Iapa no~n potest dispeusare in lege DeL {neo Episcopns in lege Ecdlesue),' hut he added this qua7l;fification-' sinle jnstcaus' (Lvaghter.)" - WiU TOU allow me to observe, both as amiatter of litM. ary accu1racy and as an act of justice to the theologian.in question7, as wellas to the church of which he was a metaher, that ttheabove are nutthewords of St. Lignori,.bIt of Busembaum. the theologian, upon whose work St. Lignori'? .AforaZ l2cotogy is a commentary, and they wifi accordingly befound in most editions of that work, ininverted eomunmas They occur in Busembamn's Vtheol. Morlel. 1, tr. ii., c G and St. Liguori, in his commentary upon those words(Iib 1, tr. ii., Dc Legib.), and, again, in reference to matrimonial dispensations (Dc Maf!irim, tr. vL, sec. 1,118), contendsagainst the Pope having, under any circumrstances whatever, the power of dispensing from the moral law of God, or the observance of directly divine precepts,-such, c. ., aj. that which prescribes the essentials of the Sacrament, &c. I add his words, in support of my statement - " Summus Pontifex potest dispensare in quibuscunq#ae legibus canonicis, etiam sancitis ab Apoetolie, tanquam pe_ c=abus prelatis Ecclesiarum, ut stnt jejunium quadragesimale, observatio festorum in Dominicis, &c. Non vera in legibus traditis ab Apostolis, quas ipsi acciperun' .M Christo Domino; . . . nut sunt leges circi formas et materias sacramentorum, &e." Again-" Probabilior opinio negat (PrLpam posse dispensare in aliquibus prueceptis di-inis), quna nu01ibi huec roncessio reperituLr Papse facts 3sDeo," &c. (De Legib. ue supra.)See also the passage above indicated in the Matrinony Treatise, where he expressly denies to the Popethe power, under any circumstances, of dispensing from the moral lawof God, and explains how the didumn of Busembaum there, quote& is to be understood and qualified. Your obedient servant, Y. VA K I Y. I Dancan-tace, Islington, April 27.
"BAYNARD V. BATES, A DIRECTOR OF THB ARGUS LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY, AND, OTHMER." TO THE EDITOR OF TBE TntES. Sfr,-Ilow e, a the laintff'ssolicitor, to suggest.- that your report of this Cese i t-ay'fs, !Fiw implio Dges*tat the insurnce comlpany bad consented to pay interest on. the plantiffs clhim only after much negotiation. It is dae to te insurnce-office to etate that the reverse is the casc, they havmng promptly and honourably conscented to pay inl-. terest, and waedallojetosedonther t. I~ ~~~ m i.Tu bdetsrat THE PLAINIFF'S SOLICITOR.- April 2S.
3xLMonuI CHURCH AT CO0STA2 OI'LE.-Ye3terday a large and influential public meeting was held at W'lIIs-rooms, to inaugurate a project for the crection and endowment of a church at Constantinople, for Divine worship after the rites and usages of the church of England, as an enduring monumnent to our gallant countrymen who have.- fallen in the war with Russia. Eis Royal Highness thea Duke of Cahibridge presided, and among the nublemen. and gentlemen on the platform were Earl Graivilie, the Duke of Newcastle, the Earl of Elgin, Lord Lyttelton, Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, Lord Berners, the Bishops of Oxford, Chichester, St. David's, St. Asaph, ad Lich6eld, Mr. Sidney Herbert, 1LP., andc. Sir John Pakington, MLP. The Duke of Cambridge,. in an opening speech, congratulated the meeting, as a soldier, on the conclusion of a treaty of peace which, without wishimg to express any opinion as to its merits, he - did not doubt was as hononrable to the nationas he trusted. itwonldbeof longdunration. He thought the momenthad. arrived when, feelingthandkfl thatthe warhadapassed away, we should direct onr attention to the duties consequent ont. a return to peace. Among those duties none could well more become us, or be more consolatory to the feelings of those who had suffered from the loss of relatives during thewar. than the erection of a monument to our gallantEoldiers who had died in maintaininig the honour of their country, while it would also be a graceful expression of the gratitude of those more happily situated, who werejoyfully anticipating the return of relatives to their native contry from the seat of war. He found. another motive for the proposedmemorial in the circmustance, redounding little to the credit of this oountry, that. the only religious persuasion which was notrepresented, ina suitable editioe, in the great metropolis, of the eastern iworld was that of the church of England. On those, groumds, and also as a means of advancin'i the Protestantfoimn of religion in that part of the world, lis Royal Highness comnuended the project to the meetin.g and expressed a hope that in its architectural character the Memorial Church, when erected, would. be alike worthy of this great nation and ofE the feelings and occasion in which it had its origin. Lord. Granville moved the first resolution to the effect that au enduring monument, such as had been indicated by his. Royal ligbness, was demanded by the general feeling of the nation. He dwelt upon the spirit with which this country had always waged war, bot-h by land or sea, whenever its, safety or honour was imperflled, in answer tothe taunt that. ve were " a nation of shopircepers," and especially dauring the recent struggle, in which we engaged from nomotive of national ag.grandizement, but to protect the weak against the strong. He attribuited the. high degree in which the spirit of the nation had been roused during the war to the applhances of steam and electricity which had been brought to bear upon it, and especially to the unusual degree of publicity given to it through, thepress, by which we had been made spectators. asit were, of all the stirring events by which it had been charactesized, though thousands of miles distant from the scene of o-erations. Whatever the form of the memorial to be7 aropted, he hoped it would be carried out in a munificent spirit, worthy of the nation in which it was our privilege to live. The motion was carried unxiimonsly, liaving.beenfirst seconded by Admiral Sir E. L ns, who. bore testimony to the bravery of the irmy mner nil the trying circumstanes in which they had been placed, and. expressed his conviction that nothin-would be more gratifyiDgto the survivors of thexpedition, or more consolatory to those who deplored the loss of relatives. The Duke of Newcastle moved the next reslution, that the most suitable memorial would be an edifioe, to be erected at Constantinople, in which Almighnty God might, from generation to generation, beworshlppeda cording to the rites and. sages of the church of nland. Es Grace passed a fitting eulogium on the patient endurance of the soldiers in the trenches, their bravery in action, their exemplsar eonductin hospital, and while the'ir companions were wastingaway during their stayat Yarns The Earl of High seconded the motion, which was also carried without a dissentient. The meeting -waslkwieadrse by the BishopofOxfor and r. Siney erbert ;and, on the motion of Sir J. Paklngton, seconded by r. G. HL Money,' a vote of thanks was accorded by acclamation to his Royal llghness, the chairman. A sum of about 0.ws mbscribed during the proceedings, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Portland, and Mr. 4E. W. Montague giving ach THE M S.SOUmIFTOIN, April 28.-The Peninsula- and Oriental Company's screw-steamer Sultan, Captain N. Ccok, sailed this afternoon, with the mails for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar, 20 passengers; o,70. mn specie for Lisbon; for Cadiz, 9,1261. ; total, 12,82%1.; and a fne cargo of general merchandise. The Royal Mail Company's steamship Magdalena, Captain G. Abbott, isexpected withthe homewardportion of tPhe Wes India and Pacific mails about the 2d ro imo. The Plat- Captain Weller, will sail on the 2d of May, w.ith the' mails for the West Indies, Mexico, and boe r^acific. The, United States mail steamship Washington, Capta-n Cavendy, is e-pected to arrive off Cowes, Cn rotetC froim New York for -remen. on Saturday next. Finn AT ED-iaONwTO.-On Sunday night a fire took place on the premises of Messrrs. ramseford, tailors, Hligh-streetEdnmonton. The buildingand cententswere com1pletely destro-ed. Three houses belonging to Mr. AoAo-t.A were nearly burntaiown, indotheradjoinin- prmsesr anuch injured, and the furniture and stock in tr d stroyed. Most of the proPerty was ninsured [Advertisement.]" Bell's lie in London,v e£ suna next, 3May 4, 'dflccnta nfufl and exclusieDctce-tVw meiketirst 8pr Weeing--R.ace Io Mfothe Tec a O rhoend GuZ;ea.-Px-gr&nmeeand A tit
SALES BY AUCTION. Wbite 1CA rV e and Spirit Eetabliehmtnt. IESSRS. FIELD and FAITHFULL beg respect- Ltkfnlttoa onnCeto their friends xnP the nublic that thoWartE BEAR WLNE and SPLRIT ESTABLISEIMENT. King Willlin-tree%. city. advertised by thea far RAL: by AUCTION, ut Ca raway'a. on Monday. the 5th May, is DISP-OSED OFl by Private CCntrwtt-Osaburgh-pleee. New-road, April 26. Eztates of Lord llobert Seymour. deeeaaeel-Order of Sale. ?VP ELGOODI' SALES, at the Auction llart, i 1 THIIS DAY froedy, at 1 prece' will take place as follows: Gromnd rentms ond So amPton'seatt.in fiyoelots: secere net rentals o! eboot 760 per annnn. for 10) ea derived from house;,bop£. iDthe City-mad one2lt ando er arnum. for 12 Iears timprovabte) derived fromeeerl l *shiops and preeisee, in Cartte treet5 &c., adjoining the 6cCha'et.Blackfriars-road,onelot; aeotwo lots of pennd rent6, i, of abont £40 and £60 per anm (tinprorablel. secured On houss chop. &e.. in Harper-street, Newv lent-rosd.--95, WVipole-street. liportant Sale.-Hope Te-asdr and Steam Engine Works, Burnheua. .Buck, near Mlsdehbead. PREECE is instructed by the Pronrietor r(Mr. J. toretorl to SELI by AUCTION, on the freiLseg. May 5th and 6th, the wholea of tbe valnablo MtACHINEAl}, stoek in trade, and orlcmg plant, lng 3r t-rate team enoS one with oomubined threshin. aSd winnowRDg minima, Son-horse Toer utereZbo.ter, four excellent iron lthet patent chie ntter for stexm or brse ofter, all teb firti&a and tools of fnndoy end soith's Saops, and jevecra othervaunabie effeete as will be deaeribed in eatelecues. vhic nry be h;ad OD applicetion +Qhto o andetonexr, o ixdenbead, -odof;ereaa -e- R GLAS°rER°sf EORDER o SAiLE, To- alirrow, Apil 30, at 12 for 1, ait Gaxaway'e. ,L 'me i. aeleold *or+ Be a , Xe 4. .rk-etet Cr.mden-town, by clireesion of£ the Excecutoes ofthe late Caleb Norris, el. 2. NinueCopybeld Cottinee7sd x plece of Suilding Land at Hpton, .Mf.ddlesex; olso. Six - old tloRgaee,atKCenmnet+n, Surrey, en tw5o lat, purenorut't aBnorder of the Tigh Court of Chancery, in the mat.er of the estate of Georgo Butter, deceaed. 3. Seven4lesirable and robstantially-bunt tea bd Hou'e, 7 os 19 to \ i ve, H ast-tret, Cty-road, in three lotbylvdioectioaofthe3Morteees. . .Abaolute Sale Vainabloree ho'4 (Iroond Rents, BO7ers, and Building Ground, aUising from property aituate arid being in-and near, the Yor}-road, Batteraee Snsrey, beingthe renzsenig xportionef the eetatc70fthbelate Mlr. Gecorge Carter. in 36. lobs, by dirion of the Elxecuto7rs- MXay be viewed, and r rt)~n~ bad at Q&rsb,e eVad of the auctionleer, 41, Cherin. Hakwy and 1meho, f iua-jA6 dumg 4,126 er,puraunuL -- RAM Ksa s ELL by A:V3 TION at the bWELaxtOUanIWednesayt. ate 7. 12. TYOM_ L~EHSIOLD .- 1 to 4, V k l;. i t £1 3ieaprarmtusand a eaehdd, r u, rttoe Nts.. 1, 2,i? ;as tt h.ous.rurnctieom to e SJLheh w Ath aottIe -n. ott the yar.d We ar. klt to Moa te7nantt a.it ot,s:.lerZBaw e -Day E e T ie-edn p aeularsObexine of .ir,, .Toh Ti3tller. jtWb- pEoiiitor. 3o00b-i4ceet' at 2bc. ~t;r ad it 1 Pi'aue' officee lO r thed oiSla64 f as.ttte he ;"BoUthal a,e r holsir isotas, Wxotluclg '-17S *nnn.mtun. - IM- BPEAXE is favoured ith SELLuctiom to SAUCLTO V at tbheA It on. st t he Mart, on Wr dnfe.Jy 1 Jjy 7. a 12, u ta loteEROLDDWE8aOl1 ESTA*Z Nts- 119, t1s, ade tO4 BenOrtedtec uec! d let OD lcl a .t £ th5 per annum. o?2so, te sslt'ai - brittvideunco ritnate .n. J,. orreerly 2No. 10, aue-ozad Becmson&. 5seyately in thb o cutstsien or BIfny Stny. E., eWuna to rleelold.pla beisetd for upwards of 800 years free of giound rent. }ay be'tie & be peuidon of Ithe tennnte. Peclare. -lm.ditiens of s.e, otenukf-fonre. 51cc and ltedAeet,n. 1solieiere, P -tiref.t, Southteri; st Ulse Mart; anod at M«r. Inke's offices fur t'he diriol o£ estatni44 T£oaley-ttreet5 So;slthwaek - Oiaphace thd Pe dziaust-Freehuid asnd toeho:d LEtlles. '1-R. PPEAKE is direoted toSELL by AICTION;. iVJ a£ the Mart. on Weeadntal, 3.ray 7, M at 12. aOUR sustantial E21itEHOLD dWELLtlNGdXOTT:iGS situatu 1to4,CorLand-grc'e, thzlt-laneClaphnnt,letLst rent peodutngHtIOD per asnum.r.dgsTwM L-easehold Hetuiea, 7 anjd 2, Werleingbatn-plaee. Smnsnr.sireeCt ComnLAD.niAt-ioau. PeeThain. of the tie of £31 per anume . aWdt an it-O wed irommd rentoS po 3 per aunum ariingcrom 9. Waindhtabplane. kx bc vewed bf perniseaof thc tenardtar. Particulars obiouebe, of i. Eturmy. Ssq., solicitor, Welhig nS-ater on ther.ordon-he OT. D. ltuhrs. blsqe, oflicitDr, 13. ObaX0n-stveet* Or ar-r Wee1%, Gurrey-1- hoall (Olattaue Street, Canoshrrev:; xxnd at lirA. Peako's offices for the dipoicil atStiete, 44. Toolew-street. Sonlaiwrk.c TDu er.iiheperon aosset istance ?n teb Walon i 31atioll .- h Delithte, Cttteo Resitence and ISAre, of Laud. dis favored wtth insruction s to SELIi IOb1N, at the art,2 on. Wenesday, Masy 7 at l2. a ?l? ti(Wl.D deichebe COT2A&X RiESUjENCib and.n V ritail) I, -D. iSPate in t re ela ol S,ep)eert<, .lUni the waltol Statoo , with inmediote piso c hnradse. I eug fe lh usdoalnd rtasblin6ior tir hocoa. rwnr. sorer and ltchen aigdeere t ael acxr. To be eined by 11ppliction to Thnrar Hea1ther. on the - renlaes: anu paticlars obeyludof D. lughes, Ken ., eo.1r. A,reshansuatreek. Gnl"- R.- etlAl AK wth Fhnas, t the hWalerSide anon te Bns tbthoe Ih, at the Shp Jnn. H n3Lfod , agt MAr. Peskeva OhiCeJ , , T-atrtet Saothwvsnlr To M fturr. BreVwesShlLAsus, and otber L-irtlalke rt Serhi C teau.-lucd-tndlre temed.- 'e . - - Xffl. PERiEW isdirected to SELL by AT CTIOn , t Mjiat teD Miart, on Wednestday, r 7, at 1ou mssoltantraly M eay - ' buit fPorEH12LI) TeAV?Swln. ?;nown asL tbe rtaJr,ni a Baittaua.. 15s. wdptehna Ned w-toa. swit q car y ranpdbtlity fororductingv a lar e trade; 8ls, r Plot an deeehoTd Landt a danuh the whole comdrofith ass accenta upwaals ol 7.000 antertIeta feet. and,wl?St rntedto sanfrfe.- tucer. beer. ams nd PIere.eetni k g 5cr-p t extent Or rctsists a iOndtsOe pAor',io thereof anhe had. finay he vriewea sbon applicatSion to B spdin, of 2UD Ckarnid-ple. Ia tcalm Pfer -to ih near the tdcperty. aind ptiLears Obtanethd at the Rising Sun, filn Ketced; of 3esses. Bxer. d :ne, al:d orton, A opri itor3tla. ep'rketreely. The tpinter; ut thetMar; and at id.t eauPe d oflice lforith dises:le ofetltre. 44. TLolev+-rtret. hScatheatko day prior tasins aSO oa'oalhe rerhoktuansand Clad . resut b ,al StRrnle hiDehuRAY _;et, Dnverr.at. SCuLE hwV k, WM , tEL atrrcin Llscd nolcingr£l.aL ltts. p)er snues r, F by. PAUCIN bOeus the honoar to senournre tbat bo- a' i\1itwl euinAci 'o public ATCI'6 N, ao t tr e Auctin t art. ve a Teurs-- day. Jno 5., in lats, by trder of aith Trieae, the batem higy baleable F.if hLl) and LIfASSIN'LI) ESTAES. furthrer partlcnlerar of phichd fo be aOnudnced indat a'ine.-xt-d aogencyuoltes, 4ob Taiela- 'To itailsers. tstiestee aDd cdhr..Q yK. LEREBg will SELL by ATTC.TION, on tho lfX rc-d:e, 4,Union-rtreet, Senlerano. ou Mlonday, MWay S. at 1t Aoe 12,l,StO rfowo sdat thlei' PhAAflt_ d9al,e aiLrbattent . 3.080 ieet wide pine bhrid, 110 squarst Wi and - whie flooring. 6.00feet' itto'1b,g. dry C .t sto, dotrs. aoj e udry usels osecis Hny be viores! Ct-a Saturay isrieri and catatetoscs had on-the Peenselee* alnd of tiso asretoneer. 2, Caerdigteu-sueet. Harnpstead.rotsd. Cud 33otue:d Port, visateece 183t end 1844 line S'herriea, thsnst Ke. &o. MIIEISSRS. .T. B. PUJDDICK and Co., vtLluri3s to tho seine*l tradci, are instesci'e to clear off the roecahiner of tlF lice3 etsld3.ORTp, S*herries. Chasuosseges.sI Lirucuran by public 8AL1:, at. taei tlsoos, 51i A. Oxfoed.eteeetb Tu-somre~s, April the Iftit, at2 l,re essely- The porta were blottldit3 an emuinent ahapeer, and nowr li e ha^ his private ce13l r, 315. Lesidenhali-street, wvhere they can bc tascted one dany prior cc sa3e; a3 eialno atfhe auctieneess; and eaatsleguee had. lt.'ett said Shin's.-Thcoieien±is Stock. iaJrBSSuS. UiNDE1EHAY nd CLE:AVEwll SELl1 1Y 3 by AlJCTIO N, by order of the 4 .eeignee. To-mcrrowyj Apri3133 sIll, .atthe Autiltonl:oona, i3. iwon-ero-re teeth, the very excellent GPi N(EI' SwTO"3 of a Lady's end C.ceternSkan's SO OT aLnd S 1031 D_LM3S. latter to suitthe trade and rivate buyers. To he viewved. paid for. and cleared the day rf rate t!:stlo3ets t-s be oblarinee al the Auction Rou: : said at ehe -otlce, 9, Upp3er Bat-kee.street, }tegent's parl;, and 2, Sheet- stet.Wliedsnr. To ltiulders and atheea-Wesb-Is, pek nto,na ho -. H~~~~oyal Oac M P., F. SAIDERS is uistrnctedto SE.LLbyPullbit 3 1AUCTIONY. on- the land odi inin St. Stephen'.- Rurch, Wet-~ bwmroe-paur.% on Thurs.day, May 1. at 1I the very excellent Furl,lus SqC&FUGOLINGI, sceffold poles, boards, pn-otig cords, ladders, u badee'snjnteria.ir. Can he iewed tbe 1ay preoedingthe&roe. -C!at&. ogeto bohadn of Messrs.Fos syc licitom. 23. Jolm-etreet, HeedfoMd-rsow ; and at the a ctouees' offices, 473, Omford-s±reet, LBloors- DouiLUeBroughean, in.. removed fromxth on:ty HIERi. F~OSTER will SELL bY AUJCTION, atP. the r-no=%a 21, OIld Bond-etr-eett T1, mofrrow, Ari 'I . at 2le1, about I0D lota. the remainitng 1OU'SEHOLI) FvrN-qi TtRoa, =teanioacoving into the cotonry, including Turliey car*t WL .111.1~12 i- groom chuabs in leather, dinner woygen, maJisgany 1Psenchs bedsItead, good b~edding, a Piecl0 pianoforte by Wocnum, a double- broachern. chaff-cutting tmachaine. &c. On view ono day prior. and estalogues bal cii Mr. E. Foster, 410. OxfOrd-street. To, Gentlemezn. Floristo, endi others ME SSR. PRUEEFROB anid MfORRIS wll SELL, siuUCiN at the -Veet. on Thursday, Way I. at 12 a dm1tmc,e)OLEOIOI ofCAPWATIONS. Picotces, and kitiks ; also an assortwent of American pISnts. 20 of the rinest double mixed belIly-. hartis from a celebrated grower, Azalea Indica. fachelas, irerber 13 clabLaso in dry r-X~ ct.&,. with a variety of pilants in bloom. On vlewr the mojrning of sale. Catalogues bad at theAlart,; and of the aug. tioness American nurse-r-. Leytonstone,Esee,t Ca,nden-t,awn an.d Wlsrh- Mr. IdASO.N, at tbe Mart. To- morrw, April 30. in two late, Af_rounfd Rent of i for 11 years, ist,uing fromi A t.. re-id tnoes and exten,ive- ga rdens. aRn d 2, St. Paul's-pl ace, ite front, of Vrstm,,r,aiand-road. n-ear Walwortb tollgate. Extensive Pere-. maiees. :t. ad 31. rrntt.E-eret~,the frnt bonsefromu Great Coilege-strect. C&aiden-town, trontage 30 feet. depths 100 feet. eligible for a builder, -ioau-ison,. or wheelwright;. ILI to hte. Bailey at X£13 6s. per asinuna; held for 24 year-n; ground rent only 3s. Id . yar305 payable to L.ord Chain- scuau t,iravonlct free at geesund cet, Lear the Niew-road, Vit ese. 'eon, 3,ESSRS. KEMP will SELL by AUCTION, ati h.bteir Of2cr, 37. Judd-street, ilrnns,cick-sqnare, on Fridlay, Ma. 9.a i or 12oprecisely, by direction of thre Trustees of Mr. and lIrs. owe.a com?pact. convenient. and newly-erectedI HOUSE sadi SHOP, being Nto. 6i. Weir's-passage, Somers-town, heldforBS1 yearse from Slii7. at:, peppercorn. Mlay be viewed, Particulars of.Vtssms AAldi,ie aind Bromuley. South-sqluare. Gray`b-iucc; of W, C, KYitchener, Esq.bewnnrret Andul thenriCtioneers. Bal-.5 le,ex~.-kio.sebold Fuonuture, Lve S:tock, end other Eiteets. removed to thelbiree Pigeonsn~otel, near thermarktt-place, for convenience oZTsoe. 1-AR JOHLN GREGORY -WMl SELL by AUCTION-, mont ,Ilremie aswabDve,THIS DAY, April29, autil.H0TJ513. HOLD l"URINITUIIE Live Stoclk, and Efferes comprising iron, French, and coerup bedsteads. miattresses, chestatfdrawess cba!M~ couches, grand pianofarte. cocoa6 matting. tcxcelient hiia d ad iga..Ute tabl,,e, va!u;a,Ce large brewing coPters rind utunsil, comple, hotwsater appacratums, hewer and vapour ba th, quaantity of sheet lea ..,I p1pe. two tons of iron, Dr. As-not t' and other stoves, new cash framres aid French easeacents, light spring car-t, chaff-cut ting machine witlh dyv wheel, superior carriage and gig hamness, dark brown gelding, tbnee hlandsome Alderney cow's, mulch ditto and two cales, 00 fowls, and an assortmnct of useful articles. May be viewed the clay rirep~ moruing of sale. Cataloguts to) be bad Cltthe baLr of the a Toe hotel sad at tlhe sucttonteers office; I, F4Msbuary.square. £71 per Annum diuring the Ida of a genitleman ager 58, and Folicy of Assouoance for £-01 upon the maid life, effecedl with the law TLifac Assurance huaoeIation in M02..; 'ASESSRS. DANTIS and VIGERS ame directed by the lii surviving Admfinistrator of the Grantee to BELL by Atla. TION. at the Mart. on Wednesday, May 7. at 12 for 1, in ore lot, ans ASN'fJITY of £2 41or 99 yeats, from 11fth Mesarb, 11122 if a gentIe=ai4 nowage 11. hel solog lve,cenre sronextensive and valuable freehd Uuestat lesri wampshir an miteiad hal: ao d ah Poicy of ofa Assrt.Ancexcorllent effected waithtely ReifenAssu3ranc JAociEty, utoteL lifePHEItho abotev11regentotlema, Herwcsdstnhednesdalgy. Mrayt n14,e atheren.. subjettocolaiics aind ondtpeionuJo dalpossd he a Ldattheauthioeeery odiesi . rableriand's-we.l race,O d Jewry _the Larelse, e caer, wthin Lauselle rnda-half ot s tentn of hralt 1ftc.-bAlf.u mr 5f.b e1cllntmodrnFailyn Hesm eoet.B bY rf. daIIES YEm-AL) y STEHEN. b-atfthe lieelur Hoitel, Herefrd, on Wedn esay. ueah aierLco gn'lled thed Larels,ab cnsitingoe olan te fntraceloo.i witha sacius oac-hose.iliee-talrdstable, and otter euoo.. vealnse adabfg. n fontof he oyc isan extensivo lawn, sm-. and gardns fonthaiptnzhoi ware.se, Thes house Famid rouidnds, -and arein xcelen BorderB and cHnitn ISt Par theM intthte Harocwlils, of aget'enaesta blis hment, Mare situate in ah bautifoo unlend h real- mAndn viLL O tht susatallyrnbuils and th corroudiccountRry,tewCL-Ihole omn -ain eigbl aoprndgdesira=lepret, For. dinirthdr awicg.uIssrippl to taon cinbtie rad orotoms ltr. r with w anerod. sofct wtr, Hunting diry.-3 Marie. CHA"Ldry un.eBLISS, atl the wat*-Cowmnts S.ndensto mhouThusda,d May o.hat reuiinthe nft-ecoftonunees psiviruel *cispume of byds PrieaenContrct, sn ubge ktosch~i codsaU w, 1ciomans ion. compurisn eand anjireh..dini nd, drtawing, n wimoth,dco oferichtiasturems, landtagjoinino,h and containingIesehral-out dor acres;i thep whole sinth ruptiM anker-th m". prIL,tor. Ho..in pact, for., woaipaleaiong the nmbleborhproducr , Thag sriDupereyi n talhBobroe JRep.r andth mast, deigrhotoewlansitat. azijonav Wa 91 b tunpie-rofd thre aDiece fr om the entory A-ind rtxa seenmiles uromBrugySatious . adis ise in the pivmdite nety boi Fhoo o iereybexterngeiv te andbc Hunt,and Preithnseach ofNos.t _ouLha=dpoL al..rnd-EtreNet, end Solun-th-o t Wrkhie Imeio Durd,anc Coffrs .n,andoportunit far inetmn orndoncupateo th rarlelf Commerme with. Aarft oft tio pl uuiBrett mone may remaito mortgbage'obIem poereted wahnd tesehie posocoio tile b gin en a o viewaua sInmper H. dBatnnerya- grand for ute pan ticular tontesec.T undhtfloor thre Itiray. solicitor Coventr; o toe cMe. C,P.rEissuraneilne sod pstate ison.- diu arge cek rturryf.e ord o.terta cmorutL.ant Merantile- Preomises,contiguust tire 11,-rsal mxchange cela-.uwthdf a pedVublts cemipany for a inetittiere hant Tkers urcsr chanotcots. &e. numertorus cloun.tighowes,retane trotheRailwaysgom Fridays May 9,~uc byordern ofd therDirespctr bl te taentor asturental Comss unessprvioslydisoss, f ,y pivThe prpeaty ie TetctoyandVimaagnopasrtantPren'Maes,N g with a lionart Ottn Baroadsreewth of 6trfet.on Teyn thae - hbes eorectede inrisbInte Wlas of tewlt ytears, inomi a Canmbogatoa sntmi ad ACtIaOver grat t oe bst, andcomnis on T-theav eJund doort. thE saiu of iloNes9 latel used Woryo the Mentor Assandcte Cot,, tisoy. Ti-beidiu a large, clkormmuteid offct board0 rooe saetumaRu'y Adowsuitig iad waitiny Preosen-atio -ndtoithe neiarageatf msenb onwL*euigteecellars,reidu with lrchedgvault s, sutbe o in ecan,toTgethrerwik poertion conrt-cainsuer, commtn tin-oss letG tw tan Rilwayl p,.- sesgeof Aaua- auce Copanyir glband.ethe rupet,ate tenn, at. rent ls asa,sur&tiug to e.sey uothrdm 0 tImepresm ptil, Thentiropebty Ms lrew4 F'orsi-ssinrnb gives,n oftheo grund ioprmisein To" 00sSI viewe by cards whiLch,uwth o partcuas, maybte oabtae ined of MrbJ*y Eastrtne. Uout.CoRalway,.et et Pile roiin LorcsatsO 0 W ronia Curay, dra. it.ro Lnn-bmu-sest Vrocl,u-eaidRfrom :adihoe Aution'sisrT.evcr for ate usArwithen1 'iutW ill of the late 1ev 1'ho atlcuandIg to nqr
