THE GREAT WESTEBN RAILWA . TO TEE EDITOR OF TEE T'rEnS. Sir,-In your columns of this day appears a letter front the chaiman of the Railvay Reform Association to the' chainnan of the Great Western Company, rmging upon him -and his colleagaes the expediency of at once completing the narrow gauge between Reading and Paddingbtn. Xlow, Sir, as I am iot Mr. Malins, considering the lettersL *which you did me the honour to publish in October anrd November last upon this very subject, -which letters, expanded into the form of a pamphlet, were subsequently zepublished by Effingham Wilson, I think I h ave some reason to exclaim, "That is my thunder." In those letterm shortiy, in that pamphlet more fully, was set forth every one of the arguments now used in that letter, with the facts and gigures to explain and proveit. 2Mr. llalins, however, hesitates, and, holding as he does a public position, perhaps rightly hesitates, to canry his reconimendations to the fall extent to which a thorough investigation of the sub. ject has led me. Nlevertheless I feel convinced ihat the advice I have heretofore given the Great Western shareholders was and is sound, will prove to be so more and more as time passes on, and must ustimately ba adopted, I fear, however, that much capital awill be expended in themeanwbile, which it will afterwards turn out might have been saved by earlier action on the part of the proprIetors. - liy object, however, in now addressingyou is not so muchL to assert my claim to' the credit of having set this ball rolling-notso much tov-indicatemyrighttoastatueinte netsation at Paddington (though assureoly whoever does effect this alteration is entitled to some mark of gratitudo fro)4 the Great Western propriethrs), as for other and more disinterested purposes.; though "Ilos ego versiculos feci;ferat alter honores" Miy object in addressing yon is to ask you to back the appeal of Mr. Malins to. the Great Western shareholders; to assist me in pointing out to them -the folly they have exhibited in not earlier taking up this question, ana in allowing it tobe postponed even daring the last half-year, in which so much money has been wasted on that cunrse to thteir system-the mized gauge; to urge upon them the necessity of at once fzlly considering it; and to press on them to secure, atany rate, an adjournmentof the meeting for thiat purpose, by forwarding their proxies foMr. Malins. Let the matter be now fully discussed and finally settled. If the advocates of the present system are right, then lethe propretary follow them ;-if, on the contrary, the Railway Reform Associatiorn andIare ight, then follow us. Under any-circumstances do not let them halt any longer betweca two opinions. Even-if the present policy bo right no harm can come of the discussion; if, on the other hand, one views are correct, iwhat-loss -to the company must attend any postponement of a question so important?-loss, notonly of mousby which will in the meantime bec expended ii constructing, maintaining, and working two gauges to ao, that for which one wciuld sffice, but the far greater loss Of tram.u which every hours delay in completing the nzaroI gauge communication necessarily and indisputably involves.; I have the honour to be, Sir, yourold correspondent. ; ! MWESTIGATO. f London, Aug. 8. T an SOx.raEr7:S Arim-r ' ildiie of I a corporal of the Moyal Artillei, was one bf' ree,Woniez. who were allowed to land -with the troops at Old Fort, ii tne Orbnem. She was pesent vith her hiusband at th battle of the-Amm, nircrhed byids side across the countr to-Ba la*b ,:nd wtremni at the- battle -of -Boalkhivi where she took-a hlori from a Rusan offioer.- Duflegx.hi eD iesideaoe in the camP anie eax¶1ed. w Sbin an &Verap amount df 2(k. p ierj i sa a conerable xum. Heiavaail cempaide duringte wax wa a n exoengu ml ,whc sebeNtiud price Clcrl WiJdiirw- '*ilj - hi Jun wifej left WogiFodie for onbarajr l aez d
2 M I _ ! , ' .,T T &OZYMA&rn CTINTWELI TGBNOR. I - - - 13-glish funds opened with- indeased-heavi- ssesa this -morning, ana the mark3 et was inscjive | throFhuto the day, 3ilthoug:i. th~p. t a. little lesI 'ieekl;es at thecIos.e. Consols for mOney, whinch I left-off yesterday at9S to -, wiere first uouted 94; to W,; bit the .iantions were agn at 9' to i for money, aund. 952 to k.for the lOth of September. I T1he tractions' of the iy-iier- too limited to test ilether -any chaijg has taken p)aOe in the demand. for money. - Duriin the morning some further pur- I chazes -Were made by the:Goverument :broker on ac- count of the savings-banks. But- for the assistance s 3stely aflforded to the market in this manner, and I tIh e ridhiarily 'favourslio2weather of the past I ftrtn;iht, it is -vdent that the reaction on the ZtoclAxchange woild have Ibeen much more revere. Baik Stock left or at 217 to 218k; Re-i d-Uced, .95 to A; Newo Tn per Cont., 96 to I1 | Aniuities 18 516;i diaStoc k, 235 to- 237 ;and X Exchequer-bonds, 10 - to J. Exclhequer-bills were almost unsaleable, and the nominal pnice was 83, to XIs. premium. - Foreign securities were quiet, and the transac- Lions -were unimportant. Turldish Six per Ceits. i for thb account showed hea;viness, the - bargains being at 1031 and A. The general transactions comnprised-Buenos Ayres, 84; Ecuador New Consolidated, 14; Povisiaeal La3nd Warrat, 42; Mexican, for account, 22g and i; Portuguese Four per Cent3., for account, 51; Russian Five per Cents., 312; and Peruvian-Dojjar Bolnd;s 60. The final prices of the Fren'ch Three per Cents. ,on the Paris Bourse this evening were 70f. 55c. for imoney and. 70L 75c. -for the end of the month, chowing a preponderance of speculative over money' :purchases, but no average alteration. ' The railway meetings' of 'the week have been niumerous, and have presented some facts of interest. The dividends proposed by the directors c*f the St. Helen's Company have been agreed to, anad the traffic continues steadily to increase. The directors of the Taff-vale Railwav recommend a div'idend at the ra'.t of 8 per cent. per annum. The eividend of the Blackwall Company will be at the rate of Ss. per share, the balance available amounting to16,4801. The Irish South-EasternCompant have entered into a new working agreement with the Great Southern and Western Company for maling the line, commencing from the Ist of July last. It is stated that the revenue of the Great Western Company wil allow of a di- 'Vidend at the rate of 2- per cent. per annum,, leaving a balance of 6 0001. to be carried to the next account. The isposable balance of the 1London and North-Western Company is 578,4621., *nd, after the payment of a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent., the balancewill be 14,07ffl. The Midland cividend is proposed to be at the rate of 4 per cent. erannum, leaving a balance of S,OOOl. At the meeting of the London and South-Western Company the report was adopted, and the dividend vwas con- The traffic exhibits a steady increase, and the general expenditure has been reduced to a satisfactory point. The board, at the close of the pro-ceedingO=s, were authorized to appropriate the unisaued. Share capital among the shareholders, and to convert the debenture debt into a debenture dStock, entitled to interest at a rate not exceeding 4 per cent. per annum. The report of the Leominster -and Kington Railway has been adopted, and it is stated that the works, will be pushed forward in a vigorous manner. According -to the report of the Stockton and Darlington Comapny, therevenue exhibits an increase, and, after the 1,ayment of the 5 per cent, prefe rence and the 6 per ucent. dividends on the. Wear Valley and Redcar anhares, there will be ample funds to continue the -dvdend of 9 per cent, on the ordinary shares. The -aividend of the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock, and DIidaud Junction is at the rate of ls. 4d. per share, -and the report has been agoreed to. A connexion 'with the Whaley branch is to be carried out, it bzeing desirable to support the viewvs of the London 2and North-Western, the MIidlvand, and the Man-cester, Sheffield, and Linco]nshire lines. The ?3fonk1and dividendwill be at the rate of 6i per -4cent. per annum, leaving, after the payments on the guaranteed securities, a balance of 1,4611. to be -carriedto the reserve, wbich will then stand at 8,7591. SUhe inhabitants of Buntingford have passed resolutions in favour of the construction of a line from -that town to the Eastern Counties Railway at Ware. At the North London meeting the dividend -declared was 21. 5s. per cent. for the half-year, and the directors have been authorized to convert the mortgage debt of the company, or any portion of it, into a debenture stock, bearing a rate of interest not .exceeding 4 per cent. The directors of the Port Carlisle Railway state that the traffic exhibits an increase. The line from Drumburgh to SilLoth Bay, wvhich will shortly be opened, will be worked in con- 'nexion with this company. The dividend proposed. by the East Lancashire Company will be at the rate -?f 4 per cent, per annum. To pay this amount :3,OlC. will be taken from the reserve fund, but the -directors explain that an equal sum was credited to 'tiat account at the last hlalf-yearly meeting, wrhile the fund itself has been relieved from a large con-ingency, and has also been augmented. Atthe Cockermouth and Workington mee:ing the dividend ideolared was 6s. 6d. per share, and the revenue presenteaslightincrease. Thereport6fthleMidKentRail. way, detailing general progress, has been adopted, .and the line from lroiley to St. arry's Cray will, it is stated, prove a valuable source of revenue.' It wras ment-ioned that the whole of the land is now in he hands of the contractor, with one unimportant -exception. The dividend of the Glocester and Dean Lorest Railway is 12s. 3d. per share. Ltetters from Vienna mention that Sir Morton Peto has been engaged to construct the Empress Mlizabeth (Western of Austria) Railway. A correspondent complains of the course taken by the directors of the Riga Railway in making a call of 41. per share while the question re,garding the -concession and its rate of guarantee is in uncertainty. It is to be presumed, however, that the directors will not part with the funds thus raised, and which wre understood to be required for caution money, -except upon the concession being ratified in the ehape in which it was originally interpreted. The gold arrivals this week have been exclusively -rom Anerica, and have amounted to less than 300,0001., the whole of which has been sent away. The following note touches upon the question as 'o the extent to. which banks or other public companies may fairly set "preliminaryexpenses" on the credit side of -their balance-eets. Within certam limits there can be no doubt the practice is -correct, because the costi of the organization necessary for establishing a buness is fairly entitled to bie spread in proportion over every year duig -svich that business may exist, and if a different ysten were followed few traders rwould be able to -nhow in the first year or two of their course anything, but ruinous loss. The only point, therefore, for consideration in each case is whether the -amount stated can be shown to be consistent with' prudence and economy. To permit laxity in such matters is highly dangerous, because any kind of -expenditure may be brought under this head. flence it may always he regarded as a favourable indication for the management of a new -concern when the item is within an amount on which no discussion can be raised. Among recent instances that of the City Bank is maost deserving of imitation, snce its preliminary expenses fgure for only S,1181.-the whole of which has been written off during the first year. In the case vDf the Royal Britiah" Ba;k, the one alluded to in iThe following communcation, it may be doubted -if {he sum, althoughlarge, is much beyond the average, since it inchsden expenses connected with the for- natson 01 the sx branchxes of the company -which mow exist in the metropoius:. " Sir,-I appeal to 7 r' i-t ty lrthoinsertlnof the following renark.ot r E1 very jointst;ock basD hss a Might to pzepare its Statem:ents, consistently wth t-ruthl, as any be mee agreea'ble to its proreltrs;but if nlo reserve fund exists, where it is otherwise represented, is not the stBatement illasory? In your columns of to-day there is thwe half.yearl renortef one of t tlose insttdtions, an TO it 1 make th . Jysis: "At0neaseed bmT , .-. . t,S. G 1. '{:ormca5rec ,ssa c .. .. . 170s4 9 3 "Total sst . . £i563 9 4 "At debit:- ePAosits,Satigbances,& , * . 842,42812 3 *Exdit=re for the sf-y .. .. .. .. 85 1 'Dixceto.re'alioie . . ......... - .eOo 0 0 o 'Di,idsn5en'r tha7 C ~ .-. *. -*-3,000 o o !BaaLnco Dct of ;=lSO,OcO ctsi).. 2,28160 a - 94t68.g 9 "It thus appears that 2%'71L 4s. of the capita is OU* fo me. which is the valu0e of tie bank prenaises entered at the cost of 23,6Sl0. 3s. 4L1, yet, though thevapital $took-is Mow par, a reserve fund of 15,2620. 11. 3d. is said to exist. Where? Oat of mcney acully spent in kroliiuityexrns'es. 'The systein basiut OdvArds Wo it zs a omiyenwiet bld, and therefore tuadaq adopted -by thise who have a Zserve fuMd to fozraL oUt Of expectod profits. , * ouro-'bedieiut eryant, "Angurti - " i':EOSITOE" - itThe atnded meeting: of th' InWrn4tional FRce Trad6 CoDoress at Brusel*on te.-22d of &ptier .otimue4 i to excisi great lintereet, owmeg to Jthe sound .ad -vgorous maer in which this -body have hitherto .oziucted their proceeding and; the suluenb& they have exer.cised on public opinion 6n the Continent. Dsegates aee expected from i1al the pria chanhers of comm,erce Lathgland And to secure the adhesionof as-msny iends-of -tie cass asm ay be able to assist it by their perbonal co-operation the assoeiation have eitablished an agency in Iondon; at 9, ! hew Palace-yar'd. The amount paid init the treasury 6f the Eat India-house- for bills on' I idia from- the 25th of Jtly to the Sth inst;ant 'was 76,2531. - l The foDowvinc' on tfe colonial produce-mark-ets during the pantimith is fror M esrs. W. J3and H. Thompson:-. -' "The accounts from all parts or the united dlngdon still spesk of aprogressive movement in mercantile affairs. Tho colonial-markets have been freely supplied, and considerable tansacticas have been concluded. 9fhere have been many 'factuations in sugar cluring the month; a good demand prevailed in the beginnin,g, and business-to a large exteit was effected at an enhancement of Is. ed. per cwt. Pending the result of the DuteA Company' sales this gradually relaxed, and a alight decline was submitted to. On the result from Eotterdam being known, that they passedoffbrishlyat an advance on the valuations of 2s. per ccwt., and of tho continental orders executed together with the reduction of the dutaies, both on foreign rawvand refined in Russia, morc animated demand arote, and an advance o2 s.k was paid. The enhancement, however, was not maintained, a flatness ermed, and a fall to D similar extent was accepted. This dulness now seems to be gradually passing away, as a much better feeling is prevalent, and some large contracts have I been made at firmer quotatios, while prices now rule about Is. per cwt. above those of last mnonith. The imports to the united kingdom have been c6psiderable, partly owing to early arrivals; and, though the deliveries for home an4 expoit purposes show an excess over those of 1855, yet the stocks exhibit a large iacrease; still it is to be remarked that in conjunction with those now in the chief continental ports they average far below those of 'previous years. 1um has been largely taken for e.xport at an advance of 2d. to 3d. per gallon proof. There have been rather heavy importations of coffee also, yet the market has been very buoyant, an excellent export demwand existing, and all 'he plantation Ceylon kinds went off well at 6d. to ls. per cowt. advance. T he native inds, -of gosd quality, are in fair request. The stocks of rice have been greatly increased, yet business to a large amoun,t has been transaced, the common kinds being < chiefly sought for. A meoderate inquiry continued for salt. petre. 'Thequarterly slles of cinnamon passed off rather heavily, and a decline of 2d. to 4d. per lb. was accepted for the first sorts, wYhile the remainder Ywent at abont last sale's rates. Cotton is firm, at an ad.ance of id. to 1d. per lb. rThe indigo quarterly 'sales went off very flatly. Salk has been in very good request, and with fewr exceptions high terms have been paid. The tea-markset has again been ext;remely flat, and a further fell of Ad. per lh. br ta tken place in black leaf congou." The annexed information relative to the progress of English mining adventure is condensed from the MiningJournal.- " The nnining share-market has not exhibited any great change. A good denand has existedfor shares, andtransactions of a fair average amount have taken place. At Wheel Basset meeting the accounts showed a balance in favourof adventurers of 6,333t.; a dividend of 101. per share was declared. At Baynford Hall Lead meeting the accoants showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 6491. a dividend of 51. per share was declared. At the Byam meeting a dividend of lOs. per share was declared. At Alfred Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2,571. ; a dividend if 6§. per share was declared. At Bwlch Consols metting tho accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 2721.; a dividend of 2g. Gd. per share was declared. At Vale of Towy meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 688. At Herwasd United meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 921. At Wheal Ludcott meeting the accounts sloved , a balance against adventurers of 7341.; a cal of 5s,per share was made. At Buller and Bassett Unitedn meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adfentnrers of 2,3001. At West Wheat Boltoms meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 1,9641. At Sortridge and Bedford meeting the accounts showed a balance in hand of 631.; a call of 6d. per share was iade. At Noith Wheal Bulier meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mineof481. acallof lOs.per sharewas made. AtGawton Copper meeting a call of 2s. 6d. was made. At Devon and Coanwall United meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 3781.; a call of 3s. per share was made. At lIheidol United meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 5191.; a caU of Is. per share was made. At Carvath United meeting the acconnts showed a balance against adventurers of 6491.; a call of 5S. per share was made. At North Wheal Gilbert meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 421.; a call of lOs. per share was made. At North Tamar meeting a call of is.6&per share was made." Witb regard to foreign rinime, there is no g worthy of extract.
1BAIL WAY AND MINING SHARES. Saturday Evening. The railway-market was less active, and prices generally were rather lower. Foreign and Indian descriptions also exhibited flatness, but the operations were not important. The shares of the Australian lmd and bazming companies presented scarcely any alter-ation. Miscellaneous securities were dealt in only to a moderate extent. Ottoman 16an left off I to i pm.; Bank of ypi,-4pto to pm.; National Discount Company, 1 to i pm.; ditto, new, 1 to * pm.; Riga Railway, 14 to 4 pm.; lPernambnco, 1. to 4 pm. ; lIombardo Venetian, 5 to 4ipm.;* Banl of Switzerland, i to i dis.; Ceylon, 14 to 4 pm. ; Bengal, 4 to 4 pm.; Euphrates Valley, i to i pm.; and Copiapo E xtension, 4 to; pm.
LONDON, MONDAY, AUGUST 11, IK96. It is a natural, though not the less a dangerous, --error to look for sudden changes of policy in nations as the result of great calamities. People forget how slowly and how difficultly the gambler, the drunkard, or the brawler of private life is reformed-how inveterate are the old habits and the old longings which cling even to those who see and confess their error. Yet the world is ready to hope that powerful and ambitious nations will be turned from their course by a single check. It is only the few who have learnt from political experience that fully understand how little will be changed by what seem great convulsions. These more prudent thinkers, if they calculate on the effects of a war or a revolution, rightly look- upon it as only likely to alter something in the moral constitution of the people who have undergone it, which change of tone will, after a certaia term of years, have its influence on outward actions. Thus, we may fairly hope that the lesson of the late war has not been lost on Russia. For the first time ishe has had a coalition agamnst her. For the first time she has seen her immemorial allies hostile or neutral, and for the first time her frontier has receded. The CzAn is no longer the arbiter of Europe; not even a German or Italian potentate dares to propose him openly for an example. The dreams of European and Asiatic conquest are nOw dissolved, at least for all the world beyond his own dominions. No opponent of England no w talks of the MIus- covite march to the Indus; no enemy of democratic, France speculates on a second entry of Russian soldiery into Paris. The spell which in one form or another has bound a succession of nations for nearly a thousand years is now broken. We may therefore expect that Russia will eventually undergo a great- mopal change. Hedged in by the armies and the reprobation of Europe, compelUed to restrain her acti-vity within her own territories, it may be predicted as a necessary consequence of her condition that new forces will come into play to civilize and elevate, or perhaps to ,weaken and disrupt. But these things are for the nLex-t ten years or perhaps for the next generation. We of the West can hardly pretend to see the full scope of what has been done, and we may be sure that the Russians see still less. They probably do not feel- how much theyhave been beaten and what they have lost. To them it is doubtless only so much fighting, in which their deficiencies of land transport have detracted from their success. ;Every inLcident whech tells in their own favour is of course magnified, while reverses are foitbtterf or explained away. The Baltic and PetropaulovSkl are in the mouths of every one; Kars is a glorious triumph, while the fal of Sebastopol and the dismemberment of Bessarabia are disposed of as disasters inseparable fonm the checkered fortne of war.- A little ease disperses the memory of last year's sufferings; the beginning of a new reign seems to typify a renewal of national vigour. What wonder, then, that ta' Russian Czan> army, and people should still bE .spparently as far as ever fromn acquiescing ir any new policy ? The Esir:EoR has been Blow to caTy out th evacuation of the territory which he must eventually abando, Hie has availed himself of his extrerae right of leaving the posts from which he retires in a state of ruin. But, more than this, he conteats his liability to quit a spot which every one but a Rusaian holds to be plainly ceded by the treatyiof March last.; Fidonisi, or Serpent Island, is situated about 25 miles east of the Sulifta mouth of the Danube. It has always been an appendage to the coast near which it lies; its only value is,in its use as a post for assisting or controlling the navigation of the river; and, in fact, it is as much a part of the ceded territory as the Scilly Islands are of Great Britain. But this spot the CzAB declares cannot be brought within the meaning of the late treaty.- The island and its lighthouse still, in his opinion, belong to Russia. It need not be said that the Western Powers can never permit such an infraction of a solemn agreement. As tlte wish to retain Serpent Idland reveals the spirit of the Russian Court, so a yielding to such clains would be an encouragement to a revived policy of aggression, and would do array with nearly all the moral results of the war. It is evident that a firm determination to carry oat the spirit of the treaty will be followeed by the required cession. If, on the contrary, we suffer the Russian MEaPRon to retain this post, we may prepare for future attempts at a. revival of Muscovite naval power. The possession of the island would, of course, be construed as giving a right to superintend the navigation of the DanLbe at its mouth. Russia would keep up a lighthouse, furnish pilots, perhaps establsh an entrep6t. The consequence wouild be the employment of small armed vessels to manage the business, and the tradition of naval power would be kept up until some new complication in Europe gave an opportumity of openly trampling on a treaty the spirit of which had been broken from the beginning. In this matter we have both right and power on our side, and our remonstrances are therefore likely to be effectual. But the affairs of Kars, and Ismail, and Serpent Islandare chiefly remarkable on account of the spirit which they indicate. Russia will yield with unwillingness even where bound by positive treaty. We may therefore guess that where her decision is unfettered she will concede nothing to the new order of things. ALF-xxDi's promise to follow in the footsteps of his father seems to have been no idle boast. The hopes of free trade are every day becoming more faint; little is said of railways, except as links between the central stations of the army and the points which an enemy might assail; but worse than all is the continuance of the passport system in all its crude barbarity. It may be said that we have less cause to complain of such hindrancesin Russia than in France or Austria, simply because Russia leads to nowhere, and its people may, if they choose, seclude themselves from the world, so that they do not stop up the pathway between other territories which vish to communicate. Still, in the cause of the world's generalinterest we have a right to protest against such a policy. It is the right of every civilized man to have free access to any territory so long as he behaves himself peaceably and with decorum. Any infringement of this right must be reprehended by the public opinion of Europe, and tne country which habitually rejects the intercourse which is the lifeblood of civilization must be told that its neighbours have reason to complain. We have concluded a peace with the CZAR, in which the terms allowed him were better than he had any right to expect. It is to be hoped that he will not persist in giving us reason to regret an act of too great leniency.
It is ungracious to find fault with people when they are domg good, and yet even in their liberality and munificence men require a word of advice and caution. The 36tl amnual Report of " HEi "TM-,EsT's Commissioners for Building New " Churcies," which we reprint elsewhere, gives us the number of churches which bave been built in the last and in preceding years by aid of grants from that fund. This is a good work done, and we congratulate the public upon it, Church-building has, indeed, increased so much of late years, that it amounts to being what is called a rownment. It is one of the facts which foreigners observe. The King of PRusSiA was so struck vith it wvhen he was here some ten years ago, that he sent over a commission of inquiry to discover the causes of the phenomenon, and find out how it was that we built so many churches. We could have given His MAJESTY a very complete explanation of this curious fact, and one which did not require the labours of a commission of inquiry to elicit. The reason why so many new churches have been built in this country is, because the people of this country have been ready to pay for them. The sanguine sagacity of a Prussian commission may have hoped, perhaps, to solve the intricate problem of building churches without money, by the aid of some powerful charm or secret, but the very simple reason just given is, we believe, aU that the most voluinious report could supply on this subject. Much, however, as we have reason to congratulate ourselves on the increase of new churches, there is one defect, and that a not unimportant one, which has aU along aecompanied tbis remarkable movement, and that is the want of adequate endowment for them. Forty pounds a- year is all that the law secures to the minister of a newly-built church, with its district, and though this stipend may be raised a little 'by pew-rents, &c., the whole amount is in mnost cases a miserable pittance. There is something obviously wrong here,-there is a want of proportion and a want of common sense in this munificent churchbuilding movement. People have thought of the fabric and have forgotten the man. The popular liberality has thrown itself exclusively and precipitately into one channel. There has been a rage for erectinig. " Build, build," has been the word. A liberal subscription is collected; you appoint your architect, agree on your style, and determine to have everything as it should be. There rises in a short time a structu.. e, with tower, transept, east window, porch, and the rest. There is a dwarf wall and palisading round it. That is what your money has achieved, then. You look with satisfaction at the creation of your purse. It is a visible, a tangible result. " That is the new church," people say as they pass by. " So-and-so built it," or "So-and-so was most active in building it." All this is natural enough. People like to see the result of their liberality, to have it before them in the shape of something visible and tangible. A handsome structure satisfies this want of the mind. There it is, a solid reality of some kdnd, indubitable masonry, indisputable " early English," an unquestionable church. You are satisfied, and know that something is done. But, surely the minister's salary, though it is not a fabric, and though it exists only in the subterranean region of bankers' books, is not an unimportant thing. It is the first rule of reason, common sense, and natural justice, where there is a work to be done, to provide for paying your worlmen. Yet, 'with this great law of natural justice hanging over them, and with Scripture telling them expressly, witht respect to this -very matter of clerical duty, that "the labourer is worthy of his hire*" the best meaning and the most liberal persons have been everywhere building costly clhrch fabrics, and leaving it to mere blind chance how the clergyman of the ihurch was to live -trusting to his having :some private 'hare ditary fortune, or-marrying a wif with money, or taling pupils, &Ac. The.whole -dire.tion of individual, liberality is to'the fabric, as if, tlat achieved, the payment of the clergyman might be left to take care of itself. But the great lai; of wages cannot be superseded in this way with impunity. It is a law of nature, and 'ou cannot escape it; it finds you out if you neglect it. You may get your church served, and doubtless in some cases you may profit by that disinterested zeal which looks to the work and not to the pay. But in too many cases, where a clergymnan does mot receive his proper pay, he will not think himself obliged to give his workin return. He will in many cases have his attention necessarily diverted from his professional employment by the labours which have to supply its pecuniary deficiency; and even when this is supplied by private means he will very often think that, so far as he is thrown back upon private means, he is also privileged to livo like the private gentleman. We are obliged, then, to say that the churchbuilding movement, which has for so many' years gone on among us, has been a somewhat onesided one; that the national liberality has attached itself too much to one object, and that there has been an exclusive attention to erection as distinguished from endowment. The 'consequence of this is, besides the disadvantages already mentioned, the growth of a large impoverished clerical class, which passes its days in one continuous struggle with the difficulty of subsistence. But it is surely inconsistent under a Church which allows its clergy to marry, and under a rule of society which; lays upon clergy the obligation to be gentlemAen, to mix with the world, and to show the accor-' plishments, the manners, and the 'information of a superior class, to neglect systematically the whole subject of clerical income, and subordinate it wholly to the mere external fabric of the church. In no age of the Church has there been so great a disproportion between church-building and churchendowment as this. The twvo should naturally go together, and generally have gone. The fundamental institution of tithes was an institution for endowment, and not for building, and medi eval munificence, while it raised costly edifices, erred in the excess of its endowments. The system, then, which at the present day wholly divorces the fabric from the clergyman-bailding from endowment-is neither natural nor authoritative. It is not natural, if any one will reflect for a moment, to build a costly edifice, on which you accumulate all the treasures, the ornament, the gorgeous intricacy of the architectural art, and give a wretched pittance to the clergyman. The architectural result is not a solid reality without the endowment, it is a magnificent case and outside. The stream of individual liberality should be directed to this new channel, and any measure which can give encouragement to the cause of endowment will be truly serviceable. We may therefore refer vith satisfaction to the 5th resolution of the " Select Committee of the House of "Commons on the Ecclesiastical Commission :"- "That it is desirable to amend the act 3d and 4th of Victoria, chap. 113, sec. 67, in such manner as to enable the Commissioners, if they shall think fit, in making additional provision in populous places for the cure of souls, to give a preference to those places in which sach additional provision is met by local contributions." This resolution calls public attention to this subject, and endeavours to elicit private endowments by meeting them half way. We hope the call will not be wholly ineffective, and that private generosity, together -with a proper application of the large funds now coming into the hands of the Ecclesiastical Commission, will in time remedy more or less one of the great defects of our present system.
Mlr. B. Lu3LEXY, the manager of IIER MJESTY'S Theatre, in the Haymarket, has forwarded to us a defence of the opera named La Traviata, which has been performed under his auspices during the last season. In truth, the exhibition stood much in need of a defence, and as many of our readers as may think Mr. LumunEs arguments worth consideration must judge for themselves how far he has succeeded in establishing his point. For ourselves, again we renew our indignant protest against this exhibition of harlotry-whether harlotry triumphant, or harlotry repentant-upon the public stage. There are foul stains in human existence which notoriously exist-which cannot and should not be ignored, and which yet cannot be exhibited on a public stage without imminent danger to public morality. We write in no Puritanic spirit on such matterswe admire and wish well to the efforts of dramatic genius-nor do we, who acknowledge ourselves in all humility to be frail and erring men, wish to cut off from human sympathy and commiseration those poor creatures who have been led into viC3 by the passions and inhumanity of our oWnI sex. With all these admissions, which ate made in the plainest sincerity, we must still protest against th-s poetry of the brothel as a fit inspiration for dramatic perfonrances. The image of the weeping MAGDALEY is one of the most touching which has been handed down to us even in the pages of Scripture, but who can wish to see the story of MAGDAnEN dramatized, and presented to the public with all the soft allurements of music and song? Does Mr. Lu=Ey believe in his own proposition, that one of his purposes in setting La 'raviata on the stage was to soften the hearts of women who yet stand upright to the shame of their erring sisters? Is it true that the opera at the Haymarket was intended in any degree as a charity serraon for the relief of unfortunate persons of ! the class to whom the heroine of La Traviata| belongs ? Mr. LumLuy knows better than we can tell him that notling of this sort wvas the case. Whether this were so or not, there is notling in the progress of the story which is peculiarly calculated | to evoke the active sympathies of women. An uinfortunate young person who has acted the part of a public prostitute-not from dire necessity, not from the strong impuilses of passion, but coldly and professionally for gain, and much gain,-finds at last a man who will love her for her own sake. She tus with disgust from the fith of her condition-but it is too late. The fell hand of consumption is on her. The patents and relatives of the young man who had become enamoured of Vior.urTA very naturally oppose themselves to such an ill-assorted union. The excitement consequent upon these struggles still further agitates the diseased frame of the wretched young woman, who coughs her way through three aots,- and' finely expires on 3 the stage in the public sight in a manner which, Lowever true to nature, 6ugh?t to 'be revolting tD the feelings of the spectators. Such is the story of La Traviata. 3Ir. Lusmx contends that it is one pre-eminently fitted for dramatic representation. His chief ground is, as we before suggested, that as such thing3 as prostitution and seduction unfortunately exist, it is wrong to slur them over and igncre therm altogether. We ought, on the contrary, to display striking examples of them, for the benefit of young 'wives and maidens, just in the sarime way that Helots-to use an old hackneyed example_were exhibited in a state of drunkenness before the - youth of Sparta. The spectacle of a 'poor prosti-.te dying of consumption must necessarily operate as a wholesome: warning-_to all young 3 adies. ' Why, then, should we not take oar i sisters and daughters and wives into the hos- -pitali af once? T1i'ere -is fothing 1ike- the rude truth of nature.. 3r. Lulray only weahens and dilutes tihe wholesome impreesion by the help of his orchestra and stage seenery. There is no escape from this poeition. If the arguments by which he endeavours to defend the exibition of La Traris.ta betrue, then, on the same principles, we ought to direct the attention of all those whom we most wish to preserve from moral soil or pollution to improper booke and improper exhibitions of evriy kind. ALi that will be necessary will be tAat the book, the picture, or the exhibitiona should contain some suggestion of retribution, and that the subject with -which each may deal should not be presented in too warm- and attractive colours, and all I the exigencies of Mr. Lcw=r will be satisfied. WYe entirely protest against such a doctrine. There are things which cannol; even be glanced at withiout injury to the frhness and delicacy of the mind. We are not writing for maen hackoneyed in l the ways of the world and familiar at least with the existence of vice, but even the worst among such persons would, as one may hope, be lnwilling I that- their young daughters should be initiated even in the prelimini.ries of vice. Now, of what persons is the majority of the audience at the Opera composedc? 3fainly webelieve, of youngpersons, and these young ladies wrho have for the most part been carefullly and religiously educated. Why complete this education by a finishing course of Magdalenism, to show them what they may come to if they misconduct themselves, and the consequences of such misconduct? Mr. L =aEY must excuse us if we still persist in the belief that this I last finishing touch to f'emale education is wholly superfluous. Again, with regard to the' argument that the hearts of women are likely to be softeiied towards their erring sisters bv a;n operatic display of the miseries of harlotry, we are compelled to exprems our entire dissent from it. If the implied command of the Divine FouNDnr of the Christian religion and tihe recorded' example of His tenderness and mercy in such a case are unavailing, neither will the warblings and simulated cough of a PICCOLOaMIN be of much avail. It is unnecessary for us to repeat here the distinction which we drew in our former remarks between I Mr. luTnaxE's present apotheosis of prostitution ancd the other, examples which he quotes from earlier authors. Let the reader judge of his candour, or fitness for instituting such a comparison, when he finds that the manager of Hzun LAJEST'S Theatre can really see no substantial cdifference between the plot of the VIcar of jra7kefield and the plot of La Travieta ! On such a comparison it would bo idle to waste a word. Finally, we renew our otjections to La Traviata on artistic grounds. A dirty story is the ready resource of every vulgar fellow who can do no better; and, just in the same way, our present concoctors of dramas and operatic libretti, are ever ready to serve us with hideous tales of incest, rape, prostitution, seduction, and adultery, because they have not wit or capacity for anything iore tirte to human nature under its usual and healthy aspects. We have not made this protest against Mr. Lu_=ur's opera from any spirit of hostility to him, for we sincerely wish well to his enterprise, but we leave it to the public to decide whether we or Mr. LU1LEY and the Satanic dramatists are the truest fiiends to the stage. Who plays most into the hands of the Puritanic partythose who represent or those who protest against the systematic representation of obscenity in our theatres ? Besides, we protest again most earnestly-despite Mlr. Lu3 Eus special pleading-against any further exhibition of consamption, dropsy, cancer, cholera, or hydrophobia lupon the stage as necessary for the instruction and delight of mankind. Let Mr. LxILEY leave the prostitutes to the pulpit I and the patients to the doctors. Next season we trust to hear no more of such abominations.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. The Afonitem- of yesterday publishes the follownc,:- " The Emperor arrived at Paris on Saturday at half-pat G in the evening. His Majesty was received at the Stras. burg station by tneir Excellencies the Ministers, the Prefect of the Seine and his Secretary-General, the Prefect of Police, and the di-ectors of the railway. " His Majesty entered an open carriage, accompanied by his Aide-de-Camp General Espinesss, the Prince de la Tour d'Auvergne, and the Marquis L;grange, and proceeded to the Tuileries, where the Empress was awaiting his arrival. Their Majesties then left together for St. Cloud. " His Majesty was enthusiastically cheered by the population on the Boulevards and at the railwvay station. "His Majesty is in the enjoyment of perfect health. "General Fleury, first Equerry, and General de B-ville, ailde-de-camp of the Emperor, returned wvith His Majesty from Plombieres." The AMonitetr also publishes the following:- " His Excellency the Minister of Foreign Affairs has received the following despatch fiom the French Ambassador at Constantinople:- "c 'THBAPIA4 AVG. 9. "'The Russian Commander of the city of Kars has an nounced to the Governor of Eczeroum that he is ready ta hand over the place to the Ottoman authorities. A'Anapa is occupied by the Russians. "'The inhabitants have fled to the mountains."'
THE QUEErS CRUISE To TH{E CHAYNEL ISLANDS. PORTSMOUTB,. SuSDAY EvrN\XG. The Royal steam squadrou,under the command in chief of Captain the Ron. Joseph Denman, consisting of theVictoris andAlbert and Fairy (carrying the Court), the Salamander, Commander Mecham ; the Osprey, Commander Blomfield; the Sparrowhawk, Comnmander Cresswell; the WYanderer Commander Luce; the Alacrity, Commander Majendie; the Cormorant, Commander Bowden; the Blaclk Eagle, Master-Commander Petley; and the Vivid, Master-Commander WiIliams, all mustered off0s'orne last evening. At 5 this evening the squadron had steam up, and were moored in order, ready for starting as soon as the Queea should emlbark.
PARIS EXHMIMON.-r n anlswier to a complaint that the certificates of honourabie mention of wor-men have been in the possession of tho British aaithorities since last lWoveomber, and that tbere have been difficulties in obtaining thesis, we are informed that a sortiorn of the certificates have been lately received at Blariborough-hsouse; with an initimation that the~ remainde r should be sent shortly; but as yet no more have arrived. In every case, when a workman has anplied for his certificate, producing a roper authority identifDing himn, it has been given to him, Three several applications have beenmaue to the French authorities on the subject. The last answer statted that "Lcs dipZses ferast robjcl RZ'un enrEol spGcalc.". So- far from pUttiDg any difficulty in the way of those for whora certifcates have been received, they have been issued immnediately they were applied for. EURtOPs~ Asw A17vsRn.anL&s ROY.si Mn COomPArx-.-LWERPOOLa, Ang. .-Contracts Jhave been enitered into with Messrs. ThIompson and Co., Mr. Scott, and Mhes.rs5.ill and Co. (of.tho Clyde),: for the construction of three large steamors for this company. Two, to ran between Southamuton and-Alexandria, are to be about 2,000 tons, with engines of 600 horte-powei - and the third, to run between Suez and Melbourae, witl be 2,800 tons, and the engines of 650 horse-power-.-It.-has-been proposed to caU them the Sydney, Melbourne, zind Anstralian, which has given rise to an ill-founded rumonir that the inew; compafy are about to purchase the steamers of the old company.
.- B t!AJ' OI@ T:c 32' S!TATD. -- We are requeeed to publish the following IeUier ,, TER IEL-TO DAN1L YAfIbT. "In one of your letmters, dated-tf I am not mistakenlNay 2S,-you poaimed VictorEnmmauell the Idng deatned to unite Italy (Be Unifcoeord *' i). "in-that of the 2fth of June yor profess to teach the Italians in NTaples-through the medium of the English press- meao by whieh to make of King Ferdinand, tho Goisfftutionsl Monarch of the Two Sicilies.* Whether thouSands-or rnthqr aillions of men, crushed under anur. limited tyranmy could quietly agre2 to practise universally a remedy always difficult, and rarely attempted, even in Countries where freedom and right are under the gu.rdiaship of deliberative aemblies; and whether, even sup. posing such a miraculous harnony of 'will could be =rived at, it 'wouid not be better to raise barracades at once and rid themselves of their hated Government, is a question which the people of "Maples-should your counsels ever reacl their ears-must decide. I write to ask yoa and you: friends how you reconcile thea unity of Italy) under Victor Emmanuel, with the re-establishment Or a consitutional Monarchy in Maples ? Italy, BManin, has long deplored your silence; I fearthatere long,yoe willdeplore thehourinwhich the suggestions of false or injudicious friends induced you to break that silence. "W What is it that you do desire? In 'whom do you believe9 Whab practical means of resurrection do you propose to Italy? What is your guiding principle, or method? It is the duty of every man who takes upon himself the right of giving counsel to a people, to state these things Clearly. You assume the coneise, laconic, dictatoria langunge of a man who feels himself a leader, and demands to be followed; cannot you be equally open, lcal, precise, in idea 7 "Doyou desire the unity of Italyund3r a single monarch, or do you desire seven princes, who, under the menace of internal or foreign danger, nay swear to constitutions today, and usswear them to-morrow? Do you desire a national revolution which shall win us a common country by force of arms, or do yon want some local reforms, to give us an homomopathic dose of liberly, concessions which lull us, snd aunneeties which dishonour us? When you tell the people to agitate, do you mean the agitation of petitions, and peaceful demonstrations like those 'which preceded the five days in 1848, and which now would be responded to by grapeshot, or those partial outbreaks which foretell ald sometimes hasten insurrection? When you say that the revolution is possibly at hand, do you hint at aa uprising of the people, or a spontaneous movement of the monarch of unity? When you entreat Rome not to move, do you mean to teach a cowardly fear of insurrection, or do you trust in any hidden designs of the man of the 2d of December? "It is you and your followers' duty to answer these thin,s, but you'will not. Yo5 wil not do it; you will pre tend to disdain questions. which you will oall imprudent, and assume the air of diplomatists who canunot without danger reveal their secrets. Blnt the fact is that you cannot answer. You have no secret, you have no programme, you have no principle to guide you. You do not breathe the breath of Italian life, but of foreign inspiration. You seelk Italy, not in the aspirations and strength shown a few years back by her people, but in the suggestons and instigations of cabinets, 'which have ever betrayed us. I know their agents, and cculd name them. The Governments of Europe, dear Italy. "Poor Italy! Christ among nations, by her sufferings; yet has Providence confided to her the word of the great universal resurrection, and they know it. They know that the day in which, inspired by a moment of supreme faith dke shlls dare to proffer that word, the sepulchre in which the peoples lie entombed will burst asunder to shner forth thenewlife. " They k-now that we hold in our hands the question of the nationalities-map of Europe. "They know that tho cry, a mighty redemption, cannot nrise in the land that has twice given the word of unity to Murope, without arousing Hungary, Poland, Germany, France, Greece, and Southern Slavonia. When the position of European affairs, fresh deceptions, increasing tyranny, -and the exertions of the party to which I esteem it an tonour to belong brought atsout that ferment alluded to by the memorandum, in min.sterial speeches, and in the European press the Governments, perceiving they 'could not extinguish it, sought in alarm how they minght at least divert it from its true aim, They employed the old artifice of 1831 and of 1848-that of dividing into two currenta the flood that threatened to overwhelm them, and sp'itting up into two camps the camp of the nation. They urged on the tardy to a semblance of motion, which led to nothing. They rentrnined the eagerwith the hope of a coming crisis and a general union of forces that will never take place, save as the result of some daring fact achieved. To accomplish this pla3n, 'which is the moving spring of all that is being done -or hinted at in Governmental circles, and to create a dualism in our ranks, they wanted a banner 3nd the autho- ity of a. name known anad dear to Italy, and they selected you. You are, unconsciously, the Gioberti of 1856. "Turn again to us, M3anin; return co the national camp -to the men who defended the honour of Italy in Rome 'wh1le you defended it in Venice. Reiurn to the peopleto the people that combat and die-to the people that do not betray-to the people of the five days-to the people of the great deeds of Sicily, of Bologna, of Brescia, of the city that gave you birth. There is yet time. 'Tear up all your letters, and keep only the ' If moS, not' of the first. A year of circumlocutions, of cowardly hesitation, and of unfulfilled hopes, has for ever efsced that ' If You resigned yourself then to a last trial; declare that that trial is novw over. Return to us. Say to the ltalians-'Accept me as one among you-I have no longer faith but in yoe.' They 'will receive yoe approvingly, and -trust me-on the unanimous accord of the men of every -fation of oninion-they will respond by deeds that shall be to the glorious deeds of '48 what the conflagration is to the sparks that foretell it. " Italy is now on the verge of one of those supreme moments in which the party must decide either to act and be to-morro'w, or submit to a decenniunm of slavery. " Our geographical position, the well-known accord of -3very heart from the Alps to the sea, and the opinion of Europe have decreed that the initiation of the coming 'ar of oppressed nationalities belongs to Italy. She mu,t ,either sieze it or abdicate her position, and await her salvation from the slov, uncertain modification of European -zffair- Insurections that are foreseen, and pronounced Inevitable by public opinion, are supported by public Opinion. Ours 'would burst forth as the incarnation and mat erial expression of an idea, of a principle that has -lready obtained an European citizenship. The confessions -of diplomacy itself-the watch kept over our affairs by all Sovernments-the ecitement disseminatecl by the men of ths Piedmontese Monarchy-the previsions of the press of -all countries-the organization, whether spontaneous or -operated, bythe men of ourpazty, among the peopleof every -city in Italy, have al preparedthe field for those who dare possess themselves of it. Any glorious fact of will or daring accomplished in the name of the nation, and of the nations, 'ill be hailed as the signal invoked by the oppresses of all lands. A dozen popular banners will be unfaured to respond to that fact. " But, on the otherhand-it is useless to attempt to disguise it-public opinion, were it now disappointed, would judge us very severely, and we should lose the ground we have conquered bythe deeds of 1848 and 1849. The heart of Europe beat high with fsith and hope for Polandfor many years after the iasurrection of 1830. The inertia systemati. 'callyadopted thaough mistaken calculations of opportunity by the Poles, in 1848 and the following years, has silenced that throb of affection, and an opinion (which I mnow to be without foundation) is universally diffused, that Poland is dead, or Ruzsian and impotent; and that opinion was one of the principal causes that withheld the English people from compelling their own Government to change the tendencies of the last war. The same thing wvould happen to ns, 'were we to bet-ray the universal expectation, Wa have so often laid bare our wounds before Europe-we have so persistently repeated the story of our sufferings, and of our rage and menacethat 'we should have no right to blame any one but our- zelves if Europe, wearied of always finding aswating &Uthe opportane moment, should say of us-They are cowardly braggarts; they deserve contempt, not sympathy or help. We must act, or perish. And we may act and succeed Txhose men -who really love their country more than them. X selves, willforsalkealltortuous'ways. renouncetheideanotof profitingby, but of accepting inspiration from, diplomacy. 1eave theprogrnmeof the futureto the emancipatedpeople3 -in so far as it can be useful- the co-operation of every element, without subduing their own acion to any, and all unite in bold, manly, and incessant action on the following aoemmon ground :-We seek a country; we seek to be a tation. We wl that an Italy shbiabe. Ie may accept nd avail ourselves of civil and administrative reforms, but ae will not ask for them. Europe must be taught that :5,000,000 of men-sons of the land rhich gave moral saity and civilization to Europe-do not ask the alms ol an ameliorated condition, but demand to be admitted as a nation among the nations. "The liberty and unity of Italy can only be won byour ovm effots, with our own. blood, by-the battle of all for all. I* Signor MlDi&S propoSitHoU was a Unive:al Aud Spont taneous refusal to pay taxe3. ogrnioipo ref1aliieei mst e those peoples oppres like oursalves We shall have them with ns according to the eneng we show iu our anising. The strong are certain to be joLowed. " WhIAever be the intentions, -whaever ths designs, of ihe 2iedmontese M!:onarchy, the initiative of the movement ongs Dof necessity to the people. Popular insrrection will be the only cheCk to those designs, if evia. the only mneans of giving a field for their development, if good. "Whatever, therefore, be his opilnion on this subject, every Italian Who truly loves bis country is bound to use every effort to promote the insurrectional initiative. " Italy is more ripe now for a saccessful rising than she was in 1848, when we -were uncertain of the people, which is now deliberately ours, in every province and in every city. We must sot toil over work already done. We must I noot lose time and trouble in vast pre-orgsaized designs whch are invariably discovered or betrayed before they can be reduced to action, We must call the brave to open action by acting openly. "Toinspire faithinthe irresolte wemustconvincethem of the possibility of arising, and leading aftr us the multitudes. Like the philosopher of old, we maust prove the possibility of motion by moving. "To diffuse oan every side the fetoment, the expectation, the longing for the signal, and concentrate al practical defnite work upon a given point where that signal shaU arise-such is for us the secret of a victory. " Each province, each-important city of Italy, is capable of being the central point; every province, every city of Italy, should strive to become such. In every portion of Italy dwells the right and duty of the nation. Any portion of Italy can seize the initiative of the movement. and become the vanguard of the great national army. "The first that rises must rise ia the name of all; and all must at once answer the signaL. * "Awaywiththeforeiguer! D)ownwith everytyranny,whatsoever it be! Thenation is one andsovereign; to it alone belongs the inalienable,'eternalright of prescribingthe formula of its own destiny. Whosoever rejects such a programme belongs not to the lational party, but is a man of 3ects and faction. Whosoever accepts it let him deClma it, war spread it among the nucleus of men around him; let him eagerly gather together money and materials of war, put him. self in communication directly, or through his own nucleus, with the centre of his province or city. Let an insurrectional Government born of, and approved by, the insurrection itself, govern its component part Let those -who come into the field to support the movement already initiated be received, whomsoever they may be, as brothers and alies, not as master Deeds, not wvords; sacrifices, not pompous and rhetorical phrases, or interminable discussions about programmes; cartouches, not books. An enslaved people may be allowed to be anything but ridiculous; and we-the slaver of foreigners, of popes, of prfests, of kings, of gensdarmes, of everybody, and of everything, by talking always of arising, and yet never arising, are advancing towards the ridiculous with rapid strides. " Turn again to us, Marinu; give these pnacip'.es the sapport of your name; and tho nation will forget your letters, to remember only Venice. ' And if not, not.' The nation then, I fear, will forget that yoa were once great as leader of a brave people, only to remember tho man who, after having once been hailed the head of a Repblic, repeatedly sacrificed the principle to which ha had sworn in favour of a Monarchy, forbade the fature capital of Italy to drive out tho foreigner, and at one and the'saetime decreed the Bourbon tho constitutional King of Naples, and Victor Emmanuel the King of united Italy. "c July 2. "JOSEPH 3IAZZUIN."
RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The smbiect of railway zaments, o wbich you have lately animadverted in a leading article, is one of psinful and, I ant sorry to say, of increasing interest to the Brith community. You bave alluded to the melancholy catastrophe which occurred a short timesinceatChrch Penton, near York. A similar event, attribistableto the same cause -viz., culpable neglect or mismanagement, but not fo}lowed by eqaUy fatal results, took place a few days after at Brigg, on the Manchester, Sheffield, and Great Grimsby line. A goods train was within the station at the time when a passenger train was due, and was omeuautdly expected. It isaaleged that a danger signal was exhibited, hut no notice appears to have been taken of it by the engine. driver of the approachiag train, and the consequence was an awful smash, which might have been attended with loss of lfe or dreadful mutilation to many persons. Fortunately, the injuries sustained in this instance wero not of a very seriouis nature. The postmaster of Gainsborough was among the sufferers in the concussion-bruised in the body and face. A Mr. Iloyd,'surveyor, of the same town had his face munu bruised, and a lady, besides being injured in the legs, Tas thrown forwara with sach force upon a gentleman sitting opDosite to her that her teoth entered his forehead. Many chiQdren were in the train, and, although none of them were much damaged, they partook of the general iahrm. Now, Sir, I ask, for the sake of the public, whether, upon a line where there is no great excess of traffic, a system might not be adopted which would prevent the occurrence of these accidents ,I say these, because z4oew day's Drior to the date of the event just alluded to a coal train 1e-ke dowrn near Ga iusborough, sod waa propellad imnothe station'ny the engine of a passengor train. W\ hy shonld trains of these two descriptions ever be allowed to run so near to each other as to endanger the safety of Her Majesty's subjects? And, why should a goods' train ever he permitted to remain in a station on the same lie of rails on which another tran containing many human beings, whose lives are ofsomevalue, even in the estimation of railway proprietors, is at that precise time expected ? Complaints are made in this district of ani insufficient staff of ill-qualified clerks and managers, and of worn-out engines, one of which broke dow, a short time since near Kirn. to the great annoyance of a conisiderable number of passengers; but admitting that directois mraybe justified in hiring servants at smallsalaries, and lettingthevorlingof their line to other parties who haveno direct interest in it, still the public have a right to look for common: prudence in the management of sach concerns, and, by the exercise of common prudence most of these mischances might be avoided. These evils will never be corrected nnless they are freely and fully exposed; and it is with that view that I call your attention to the facts above statedo. I am. Sir, your obedient ssrvant. A TRAVELLER,. Brigg, A1g. 8.
D&ATH or SiR Jomr Mm= Doysy, KC.B.- Sir John NIlIley Doyle expired almost suddenly on Saturday morning last at his residence, Lower-warL Windsor Castle, in th 72d year of his age. Sir John had'seert.inuch ser,vice during a brilliant military career of nearly half a century. Ie entered the army, as cornet, in 1794, served in the Egyptian campaign of 1801, including the actions of the °th, 13tb, and 21st of March, the captures of Grand Cairo and A1exandria, together vwith the other operations of that campaign, Hie served afterwards in the Peninsula from February, 1800, to the end of that war, in 1814, either in command of a regiment of Portuguese or a brIgade, and was present at the action of Grijon, parssage of the Douro, battle of Fuentes d'Onor, %irt siege of Badajos, siege and assaul-t of Ciudad Riodrigo, battles of Vittoria, the Pyrenees, lNlve)le, and Orthes. Sir John has received a medal for services in Egypt, the gold cross and one clasp for Fuentes d'Onor, Ciudad Rodrigo, Vittoria, the Pyrenees, and Orthes ; altogether he wore 15 decorations; and his titles were as follows --A Mitary Enight Conmmander of the Most Ancient Order of the Tower and Sword of Portugal, March12, 1812 ; a Miitary Knight Commander of the Most Ron. British Order of the Bath, Jan. 2, 1815; a. MPlita3g Kni t of the Spanish Ozder of St.Ferdinand, April 21, 1 and h tsRy iem ro e Imperial ettoman Order 'oh 'he Crescent,March 21, 1801. lie was also an ex-member of the British Plari-ament for the is a Mlilitary Knight with maany marks of thei.- gracious cDndesonston and oindiness, and by the Recial reqrely af Red Miaesby Sir John-was recently a porlted a Sergaant-atArms. *Sir John shortly before I&s death expressed a de. cmre that he mlght be muried with militMy honouro * this last ar of respet, which is due te r memory of a Maaherhasehono such goed sirJ ice his retsncey it is hoped FIOODS iwh LA-=A]siu A. 5CuEn.-The continlaousr faU iof heavy rain daring the g hole on Satuirday, followmgt upon heavy showves ard th-ander storcnsdurinaseveradprecedinv da, byth d e a true of ers Majestyem Siron twasot roenl pomhired an Shergeantoat oAerflom.ngS and led to vastl before his oeathepr lesd lan d iave been sustained h uher up.i bat the only dsmrage i thi town hear of to yesterdayorning i was the me floodig of whoses and worne shops on tho i banks of thn stry opa A ndead e ody was - washed ashoro ut . alfr, - but it iad evidently been in d th n water some tioe stme of the streams dere giger thas they have been anosn for 30 years past, anof for some horan the traffoc onrmanygof the turnpioe roads woe stopped for several boua. The e anchester and Sheffield iRailway, in thg neighbothrood of Woodhead, was flooded, and thoe rais were carriens away, so as to co letely onterampt tho iic. Tho down eapress trai y hou efwilda to foaichester, ot 8o23psm., had to retorn to Shefaields but some of the passengeas teleb ashed to f aiends in Manc1esafr to say that I no accdent to life or lmbhiaoccurTed. The lato mptrins irtm bad evider on Satl ay i ht haa alw to retum, not benipermitted to proc-eed falrtc r 'han1 ladfieldstation. So f tes employed ow the lin-e 3 night effeCying re a frs, and thereis reason tob foevetheramaghadbeetrsoameonaconyfderahble, inamech as wa special t fn advertisevd to leavehouaheMaernYesterday mohneg for Gfasby was not 823p.m.,ad to reand ot ers had been dven not so booft passena telerapheld tofrieuntil further orders. Ma. Ednaccidentt ieodibhdocre.Telt ptan fro va -.e.er o h onplaers itd. rce uterta ldedsain
: POTU-AL. - . SOUTHAMPTON, AUa. 10. By the arrival of the Royal mail steamer Avon, Cal?ptn Revett, 'with the Brazilian and River PIata mails, we receive the folowing, lotter from our Lisbon correspondent, bearing date A.ugust 6:- "1 avail myself of the Avon to ropeat the few lnes I wroteyou this morning by Her Majeesty' steamer BansheeI am sorry to say the cholera has boen rather worse here during the last few days. The new cases reported on the 3d, 4th, and 5th were 200, 165,-and 190, and the deaths 90, 83, and 80. There is, however, no doubt that many cases are unduly classed 'c holera,' and that the proportion of re coveries has increased through more prompt and practical treatment. The 'weathercontimes sultry, naconoseqiently unfavourable for a cessation of the disease. " I already mentioned in a former letter that the passing of the bil necessary for quoting Portuguese fds upon the Stock-Exchango had enabled Government to effect its Treasuy operations upon better terms, and it will probably succeed in raising 600 contos, or 135,000t, upon the decimal tax at 6A per cent. interest. The Bank of Por tugal has advertised this loan, for which tenders are said to have been made for nearly half the amount. I am also informed that the Minister of Finance will transmit to London, by the Avon or Sultan packet, the terms upon which which he is ready to contract with foreign capitalists the loan of 330,00Dl. for railways and other public works upon nevw bonds bearing either 3 or 6 per cent. interest. "' Tho French steamer Priace Jerome is the only foroign vessel of war in port. " he Penismarpathet Sultan landed the English mails here on the 1st at 8 in the evening, and is expected again' this afternoon from Gibraltar, to leave, as ual on the 9th for Southalnpton."
2ER A[ArESTrZS !T'HEATRE. The three " exra nights?' given last week st this house have proved so successful that I1ademoiselle Piecolomni wi again go throuslb her series of characems dosing the present week, and toe final closing will not take place till Saturday next. Since the termination of the subscription an alteration has heen made in the cast of Doa Pasq.=14e, the part of E-nesto being given to Herr Reichardt, whc, long known as a principal vocalst in Gernain companies, made so felicitous a del bas Tibaldo inIMonuechi. In the famous sorenade, "Com' d gentile," he has had a new opportunity for displa g lIs sweet and expressive style of singing, and he will be the tenor of the oleratic troon that is to accompany llademoiselle liccolomim on her provincial tour.
THE ODD FELLOWS AT THE CRYSTAL PALACE. TO THE EDITOR OF TEHE TIMES. Sir,-Your universal love of justice vill, I feel certain, causoe you to insert an answer to an attaek on the Man. abester Unity of Odd Ferlows made in yonr jonrnal on Wednesday by an anossymone ofter calling himself "i!Eyewitness:, Tahe nlrst assertion made-viz., tllst the society persaded the company to alow them to celebrate their anniversary at thew grystalPalame, isotonlvy wtrong . i sue o aceequired, as, on reference to e company's cairulab, no lying before me, I perive that the company invite friendly societies, schools, &c., to visDt them on mtulb terms. A large numberof these persons, with theirwives ancl children, did come do'wn, to the number of nearly 20,000-n nnober 'which has very seldom been exoeeded. Au ample dinner waap gouvird, correspo ado was condutdinal c ayrceditfo able manner, in paroof of which Lord Robert Grosvenor vtr. J. Tidd Pratt, the Rev. Mr. Saddler, and other well. Imown gentlemen not only took pat inr the proceedings, but expressed their pleasure at the admirable mannmer with which everything passed off; and this I assert-that at that dinner, where, 'with the exception of maltt qo placed before tho company partLking of the same, nothin Ebt wine was drank, a sense of riety, as well as of economy, prevented any indivi= from indurging to excess, and noQt one "got mnure, lquo-r than he 'was arenatomed to."' BeLt, with respect to the) interference with the band's v,erforniance, the blame, if any, rest s solely with the Crystal ?'alace Company. An orator was not put forth, as your correspondent states, to "1makes a long and tedious speech "' but, in conformity with the society's agree. ment with the company, as published in the hills authorized by that company, theo Grand Master of the Order procceded, at thle proper aind permitted time, to address- an assemblae of' his brethren congregated for that puros, and numbering some 7,000 or 8,000, and by whomhi remarks, far from being considered tedious, were received with the utmost enthusiasm. Is it to be wondered at, then, Sir, that if this genitleman, a town councillor and highlyv respectable tradesman of Southanmpton -a gentleman elect-ed to his p eet high position by the unanimous voice of 251,000 .E fingisme-a consEtitency which far exceeds that of anyhborough or county ina England -a constituency exceedfing that of any other society in the world-I say, is st to be wpondered at that, if this gentlemana -waazinsulted, Dy abreach of faithon thopart of the company or of tbeir servants, in allowing a hand to strike uj~ in his -very- teeth before he had addressed the assemoled theusands for ten minutes, those thousands shoula with one, voice exclaim, "Shame, shame!I" and endeavourto stop this grievous wrong, though not with all the phaysical force 'which your correspondent gives them credit for. In conclus'ion, anx1 "Eyc-Vitnese" mnost grossly exagge-. rates what he saDw. There might have been, out of so vast an assemablae, a few who wrere inan excited. or hilarious state, but no comparison can be dran,- between thes few (as very few they were) and the miasses, and if your correspondent onljects to the humbler classes enjoying themselves on such a day with "dancing on the green" and rural felicty, e ha beter astaifro visting tepalace onl a da deote tothepeole' enoymnt,rathe than thus unchritbly o cnsur an conemna society -which, in spie o hi unustremrks iswel knwnto consist of "the JAMES URUTIS. Senior Aaditor of s the Manchester Unity. Bnighton, Aungust 9. T he writer te not "anon nous bnless sisname werue kown to us his letter would siot have Ijeen psibliUbod
THEx EisHolio c op DuaHeAzL-It woi.ild seem that the see of Durham is not only well endowedl, but propor. tionably favourable to longevity - at all events, most of its incumbents have lived to a consiJerable age, Dr. M.atby is about to retire from 'ts su 'n at the ripe ageof 87. The late Dr. Van Mdllder dieduplwlards of 70 years old ; his immediate predecessor, Dr. Shute Barrington, at 92, after an incumbency of35 years' duration. Since the Reformation the bishopric has been held by only 20 prlates, thus giving about 15 years as the average tenure of the see. Out of thes-e prelaties, not t-o mention those already given above, fourheld the see for 19 years, osie for 20 years, one for 27 years, one for 28 years, and t wo for 29 years; and one, veiz., Nathan.iel Lord Crewe, occupied it for the unparalleled period of 48 years namely, from 1674 to 1722. Of the firA seven pe lates after the IEeformation three., namiely, Dr. Hutton, DI: Matthew and Dr. Montaigne, were translate to York, and one, Dx. lieale, to Winchester . an instance also occurs of one prelate being translated to Durhama frotm the see of L,ondon. For the last 200 years no translation from thle see of Durham has takenzplace; and yet, strage to say, Dr. Van Mildert, -who die in 183, is the first bishop since the Reformation whose body baa been interred in the Cathedralof Durham. SwEFFIL AND iTs DATA-NurAcTuxen.-A very in- ieresting ceremony took place at Sheffield on Frcday last. The gold medal of honour Awarded -it the Paris Exhibition to the town, for the excellence of its manaufactures, was pre. senteed by the gayor to the MasterCutler and the Company, in ~.ursuance of the wishes ofthe exhibitorm The cereonoly ~paeat the. Cutlers. Hall, when th Maor adrssn the Matr Cutler, observed that thie two great ludustri' Exhibitions at London and Paris had raise-d Shefrield to a6 higher position among manufacturing towns than it had ever attained before, a greater numbier of medals be'ni awarded. at the latter to indiviaual exhblitorsof Shei5ll than to thes-e of any other town, whiIe the approbation of the uroar was stil more marked by the presentation of the gol medal of honour to the -place itself. The very distinguished position it had thus attained wou:ld not soon be forgotenry h manufacturing world. (Hear, hear. The 3marited adistinction of the Emperor of th1e French on the trade of the town in their hands, Thatnmedal would always be regarded as indicating the very high rank in which the manufactures of the locality wereoplaced. They had obtained the honour by the superior excellence of their productsons, and hle was quite sure that the mnen of Sheffield would not allow, in years to come, that excellence to be diminished. He asserted with confidence that at theapresent time Sheffield steed unequalledin the whole world for the very.great superiorityofitsmanufactures.]lmportantbranchesoftlieirindustry were sai ,to hasve beeni entirely unrepresented at the Paris Exhibition, while others were so meagrely illustratedi as to conduce to erroneous impressions. Ituwasimperativetokeep this lact in -iew, sdnce if, by t'he neglect or s-upieness on the part of those engajed in manufactures in Sheffield to exhibit at a time so important to the mnanufacturing and commercial interests of this country, any erroneous impression should be created of the decline of its mnanufactures, it was important that such misapprehenios should be corrected. Many cause mnight tend. to prevent exhxibition. Some manufacturers mnight niot wish all their newest de. sgsdisplayed, while others maight have as mnuch business oni hadasthy 'could attend to, -which had recently been the case infiheffield. There had no doubt been great improve. mnenta within the past few years in the mianufactures of France and other countries, but they had been unable to cope with Sheffield, and if he knew his fellow townsmenL a-dhtth,;woldoninaeoipro 8 srtfo~ nd,with the inherent industry proverbial to English manufacturers, maintain the rank an d position they had achieved. Mr.. Dunn, cne of thae -local conmmissioners, said athat' he had been engaged ir. the cutlery trade very many years, and, as far as he could judge, the tendency of that manufacture was upwards, bothx in the -appearance of the article manunfacturedand its quaty3. He -as satisfied,that the materia of the articles manufacture_d inL Sheffieldl now was as good as that employded 30 years ag'o, while the wvorkmar,i~ was' bet'ter; and Mr. Wilson bverend, the othercmisonr stated that of '53 firms who ha exhibited no les than 45. obtained medals or hoinoumable mention. Thei gold medal which was exhibited to thLe meeting, is -very handsome and mnassive, It has beenL mount-ed ini the, centre of a u'.ate of' sillver, and enclosed in an ebony frame. It is pfofasely ornamented, and bears an inscription stating that it. was awarded, to t'he town of Sheffield. for the ex~cellence of its manufactures displayed at the Exhibition, of All Nations, at Paris, and thiat it was 7received from the hands of the Emsperor'of tte-French, by hMr. Fawcett, the2bayor; and presented by the exhibitors to the Cutlere' Company.
- LA TRAJA1rA. A - , * T(. THE EDITOR, O} THE T- IES. Sir,-My firt impulse on.reiag your a4iclo ci the Traicavi to remain silent, but, feeling atrongly tim responsibility which yoL hivo cast upon me, I aminduce, ife cRtlion, tO troubleyou w ith this communication; and, while I recognize the e1 for pbldic morality which prompted your criticism, I cannot dub that, in the iga95ion of a truti to wshich you attch so inuth importance, you Will give me a pLtient hearing,-and that this appeal to your candour will not be in vain. Grant me this inaulgence, and I hope to satisy you that, how.ever just yor strictures may be, AS applied to the Dame au CameinU, the opera of Za. Ta'vata, both in scope and detai is mot only. undeserving, of casure, bht is of a sstrictly moral tendency. And first let. me meet an objectio.n wih may be suggested as to my aplearing as the defender of the liz'refto. It may be said that I was interested, at whatever risk to morality, in maing use, of a plot ofering musical opport1nities for the dsplay of the versatplo geo us cf the principal artiste. This isnot so, Nothing would have been easier than to exPunge from the story everything which you have treated as objectionable, without sacrificing a particle of the interest, or changing a single situation of the drama. TO tiae your own anilysis, the excitement of the tale de. ponds upon the play of passicn between the two lovers, upon his jealousy, upon her devotion, ind upon the tragic; fate of the heroine at the moment when her troubles soem to havo been surmouted. To give scope to these feelings Violetta might have'been made a girl of simple purity and humble birth. Tho selfsacrifice 'which is the charm of her character might have been rendered necessary by tho aristocratic pride of her lover's noble relations. The c&nouemen twould have been equally effective it the glimpse of happinees which precedes it had been caused by the victory of simple worth over the prejudices of a haughty asmily. The change of a very few7 7words would have effected the necessary transformation. Yon will ask why I did not introdace alterations which would have removed every ground for cavil. My answer is. that they would have in jured the noral tendency of the plot. As it stands, the :uelancholy ca'tstrophe illustrates the Nemesis that attends onvice, and that cannot be entirely averted even by the nost touching and devoted repentance. Strikeout from tho character the evil which had bliBghted it, and the last scene would have offended against tie dramatic canon-that sufferilg should only be exhitited for the purpose of teaching amoral lesson. The business of the esge is to hold "a mirrorup to natare," to exhibit the contest be. tween good and evil, and, as a necessary consequenco, to let vice be seen in contrast with virtue. I do aot understand you to contend for the principle that none but faultleaS chraCters should find a place in our dramas and operas, or thatthe education, whether of theschoolroomor the theatre, shouldbebased upon the delusion i'hat there isnothing but purityin the world. Sich notions have no doubt beenentertained by good men, who, as a natural inference from their doctrine, have condemned tlhe stage under whatever conditions. For my own part I believe the exhibition of theretribution which attends on sih may have as beneficial ainfluence as the highest example of virtue. Instead of fruitlessly attempting to ignore tho existence of vice,would it not be welU rather to foUlow the counsel of Bacon, and let the young see the basilisk, before the basilik casts its fatal glance on them? Ido not wish to fill your columns with a catalogue of the many classical tales and dramas, which are open to at least as severe a criticism as thati with WhIch you have visited Verdi's opera. You would not surely prescribe the Vicar of 7Vaelefidd, for example, for the objectionable charactersib introduces, or for the supposed seduction on which the in. terest of the tale depends. - Though the greatest works of the greatest dramatists and novelists are fiUed with examples of the rist fearful and hideous crime, you allow that the common sensa of manlind Jhas determined that no evil can arise to morality from the maner in which these subjects aro handled by the great masters of tragiC emotion, and that the tendency of such displays is rather to puify than to corrupt the pass ions of an aadience. I do not atguLo for the indisrriminato rep resentation of vicious characters upon the stage; but I do a sk that a modern U4retto may be udged by the same principles on which Sophocles and Shakespeare, Corneille and Racine, Blfieri and Ga-the, have thought right to work. Two conditions seem to be essential whenever vice is presented in fiction-one, that its grossness should not be offensively obtruded; the other, fhat it should not be presented in an alluring form. It is true that the play of the Da7n au Camdllia offends in some de. gree against one at least of these principles, and is open to some of the charges which you have transferred to the opera of La -TraviWa. But in the construction of the libreeto of the opera everything of the kind has been studiously avoided, audit is only to those who are familiar with Dumas' novel that the situation of the drama can even by an accidental asseefation suggest a single impure oroffensive idea. Thoopera,beginswiththerecoil of the heroine from her past dissipation ;'her former career, i far from being offensively obtruaded, is only dimly indicated by a few words, which the moral purposs of the plot requires. There is not in thewhole playa sentence that the most prudish could condemn as indelicate, nor a sentiment to. raise a blush on the face of decent womanhood. The sympathy which the character of Violetta commands is given not to the evil of her ways, wherein she has offended, but to the nobilty, sorrow and suffering by which she atones her guilt. It may possibly be true that the vice of the Dame anu Camellias is presented under an alluring shape, but it is certin that the sin of the Traviata only wins our pity by her repentant devotion. If, as you say, the perdition of the libertine in Mozart's opera is not "likely to invite imitation, or to excite the pruriency of passion," it may with equal truth be said that the hopeless struggle of Violetta to retrieve the past supplies a more powerful, because a more natural warning, against the evils of such a career than any necromantic and unreal catastrophe like that ofDon Giovanni. Incidentally I may add, with referenco to one of your objections, that iu order to disconnect the opera as much as possible from any impure associations suggested by the uovel of Dumas, or what you call the debauchery of modera life, the sceno of the opera is purposely thrown back to the beginning of the last century. No one who seea or reads the opera without a previous acquaintance with the French tale wvil find in it the slightest matter of offene-a circumstance which will sufficieutlyexplain howit is "that the ladies of England have not felt their delicacy outraged " by a plot which some have thought it just to denounce as impure, Your own iUstration derived from the play of J-ack Seppard seems to show in the clearest light the moral tendency of the story' of Luc Trariuat. The two dramas are exaetly the antipodes of one another. In Jack' MSen pard the charm is derived from the excitement and ad. venture of the thief's career, not from the occasional expression of passing compunction. In the opera the whole interest is absorbed by the deep, though unavailing efforts of the sinner, to blot outthe evil of her earlierlife. Therefore it is that, while sack Sheppard may invite imitation, .the example of Violetta will rather tend to deter from yielding to temptation. The one resembles a will-o'-the-vrisp to allure, the other a beacon to warn ind to rave.- ' There is yet another way in which the opera of La Tratiaea may operate for good. An over fastidious sensibility has made it too much the fashion to cigh at misery, and to shun the wretched. It is not. very long since you yourself administered a Just castigation to the morbid prudishness which had dared to reflect upon an angel of mercy who did not shrink from -watching at the pillow of the sick and wounded. And is there not tlie same unclean spirit to be found in the code which would exclude the sffermng and repentant sinner from tho sympathy of her sisters ? Should we not do -well to pour oil into the wounds of the aunfortunate, and to open a doorv were it never so small, to the return of the erring? Is it not our daty at least to admit the truth, which our Pharasaism practically denies, that noble feelings may frequently dwell in the broken heart even of a stricken and repentant Magdalen? If, as I believe, the tendency of La Trevieti is to soften the hearts of the pure towards those who are struggling to raise themselves from degradation, I shall never Treget the part I have bad in i*ts production. Had the plot contained one circumstance to hold up evil to imitation it should never have appeared ar; a theatre under my control. But as I believe it presents a wvholesome warning to the weak, and may tech a lesson cf mercy to the strong, I should be most reluctant to detract from its maoral value, out of deference to what I cannot but regard as a mistaken sensibility. I need not, I think, dwell on the objection which you take to the dying scene. I know nothing in which it can be supposed to offend, unless it is inh too exqstely true to nature. But it certainly does not approach in painfulness mnany Saepra cni as, for instance, the death of KCing John lby poison, and I believe it is within the legitimate limifts of. dramaatic emotien. The tenderness of the. heroine's faroewels and thoe Plaintlve music ina -which r toey are eabodiedt refin by their beauty the suffering which touches the heart, and I cannot conceive 'why the concludin"o scene of the 2i-ovire should be thought more ope to opijection than the death of Kathaxine -or Juli6t, the murder of Deidemona, the melncholy catastr Ie of -King I.ar and Hamlet, or the admired a Add'ienne Lecous''cr. If deathx by naturalsikessto terrible for the stage, srelythethroes of poiison oughtnotto bea exhbibited. Plhyscal agony, it is true, oughit -to be veiled, but the death of Viole.tta is -as free fromwevey adventitious horror asi&sps Ibefo ayo trthulyactinpedaent of the libreuo of the Ti'vt' dwithout modifcation' I deliberately believe, an bolieve that I was administering to a M!od. a right, and a mercfu cause. Tont ssy possibly ~fe romm iw,bti you will -only exmwine the printed W.'retto of teoea rejecting ovrr reinsene of the Dome au (Jmh,s I o ot desai of 'yourfinal' jdudgent being wt e I am. Sir, your obedient servant. B. LULEEY. - IHer lajesty"r Tle6tre, Atzgust P.
!~~ :,2, M . vx , s r I A.;noer link that conneced the pruent gt,erioa of pla oews i those of an older date s broken bythe &Uci of Madame -.1egtri* which cocurred on satardayja&t emr, probably,, bu A theatrcal artt been so prominent I in the eyes of the public for sO lon gINod &a thi -eraatll, and accomplished lady. Already calebrated as an Itlianj co,frat. vocalist at thI .ieg.s Theatre," she commenced her -English career by a dsbut At Drury-lane Thestrein Feuary 180, and soon the figure of adame -V6stris 'a "Don Giovannia LDndoen was to be e oninevefry ! of chimney ornament, plcard, and print, jest as =ademoseile Jenny. Lind, aocoutredas "Lailia deiReggimento," Ws everhere vsible s felow 1ears go. Along senes of purt, moetly requiring. a combination of the accom.i plished vocalist with the sprightly actress, were for her so mnany occasions of acquiing increased popularity. Some five-and-twenty years ago, While in the youth cf her fame, she took -the Olympic Theatre, then anything but in aristcratie establisLhment, and assembling round her a galaxy of comic talent at once made it the most fashionable house in1ondon. Indeed, -withMadAmeYestris's management of the little Wych-street theatre began that tase for elaborate stage decoration, as applied to dramas of ordinary lfe, thst is soprevalent atthe present day. Shortly afterhermarriage with Mr. a. Mathews, and a visit to America, which followed that event, sbe -exchanged the government of the Olympic for that of Covent-garden, -which she opened ia 1839, displaying the same spirit of magnificence One larger scile. With the termination of madame Vestrie rle, which did. not last many seasons, the poition of Covent-garden as an English theatre was lost, never to he recovered, and for some time Mfr. aud Mrs. Mathews appeared as "stars"L in various establishments. In the Lyceumn, which they opened in 1847, they once more found a domain, and the brilliancy of their spectacles was the talk of London. During the latterPArt of the Lyceum period, which ended the year before last, Madam.e Vestris appeared at somewhat distant lntervals, bat, in spite of physical decline, it was obvious that her talent had aot in any way decreased, and when she finally retired it was felt that the theatre had lost one of ite bzightest attractions. As an arEst who shone 'oth on the Italian and the En3glish stage, who united the character of the vocalist with that of the actress of genteel comedy in parts -where song was not required, the reputation of Madame Vestris is, we believe, nicaue, and to this must be added the fame of being one of the most distin'uished managers who ever governed a theatrical property. She was the original Fatima in Weber's 0l cron, a thousarnd popular songs derived fteir popularity in a great measure fron the circumstance that she first introduced them to the pnblic, and countless picturesque personages belonging to faiiy and mgthological spectacle will still DB connected with her sparkling countenance and enquisitely turned figare in the mmins of ranDy of our readers. It is some cousointioni for herloss that death releved her from a state of lingerling and hopeless suffering, for few 'will ho more sincerely regretted than theBgifted danghteroEi the engraver Bartolozni.
TE BtEIDGES or Lo_NoDQ_.-How is it, asks every one who is acquainted with the state of the Westminsterbridge affair, that the eracticA1 judgment and slil of Rendell and Simpson are called in to report upon tho efficiency of the construction, after the works have advanced so far7 Whyislb that their x nerie was not consulted at an ear2ier staga-say, upon~ th Iwor3 drawings, before at least the desng vas accepted, or before tieworkwas commenced? The qaestion may be answered from the whole history of the London bridges. situatea on one of the finest navigable rivers in the worcl, unsurpassed in the magnitude of its population or its tr2ffic, ,ondon has nevertheless, in proportion to its extent of population, fewer communications betwoen its two shores than any city in the world. Bor many centuries but one brige spanned the river. The , second bridge, Westminster, was opened in 1750; the third Blackfriars in 1766-it was theis a toll-bridge. Yet three brid ges for the London of 1756 gave a larger p)roportion then the sin; bridges of the present day, partlcnlarly hen we take into account the indifferen,t means of transit betwecen these si bridges. Hearflyhaf a centur elapsed before Bennie brought forward proposals for two others-Southwark, onened in 1815; Waterloo, in 1817; vith new London ifridge. Ilenie lived to see the first and second designs completed, not the third. One month after Waterloobridge was opened, Yauxhall was finished, after the designs of James Walker,-a very useful addition to the transit of the river, although at that day even more than at present lying wide from the centre of the maetropolitan traffic. Its use, indeed, was then chiefly extra-metropolitan. When it was resolved, after the death of Rennie, to build a newvLondon-bridge, the corporation very judiciously looked into his portfolio, and took -from it the design ofthatstructurewhich is the best monument of his bold and skilful engineering. In all cases, however, it has happened that the work has been handed over in the lump to the absolute disposl of some individual; and perhaps the success of the earlier engineers assisted a mouern tendency in establishing a custom of throw-ng these great works into the hands of individuals. We have seen a recent instance in the palace-building at Westminster, which has not been so fortunate in its results. The subsequent history of two of the bridges shows the effect of this plan of blindly accepting individual workmen. Blackfriars-bridgo became sicly; the strcture had lasted for some time; the bed of the river vwas not' the most stable; and the engineer who was employed sugg6sted a plan of under-ninning as a mode of strengthening its foundations throughoit. The plan wVas accepted, and for some years the corporAtion expended nearly 19,O a-year on the works. The plan was nromising, but it was damaged by one curious process at the last. Iniorderto getatthe foundations, cofferdarms wasconstrmcted: they form a solid wall round the part upon which the builders have to operate, and the water being withdawn, the place is open to the workmen. These coff'erdams were constructed by driving in piles close together. The works erew completed, the rfferdams werenolongernecessary, and they had of course to be removed. Bntthere were two modes of removing themr the mode c7hosen was to draw out the piles, with the result of so unsettling the soil that a dangerous subsidence of the bridge occurredL It required a very little sagacity to nerceive that the better mode would have been to cut off. the piles at the surface of the bed ofthe river. Notwithstanding this experience, the same person was called in to doctor Westminster-bridge. The history of this edifice is curious. It was originallyuilt bylabylle, and was constructed vith stone piers, solely to carry a wooden superstructure for-foot passengers. After the commencement, however, tho architect was required to convert it into a carriage bridge. Ee enlarged his caisson, and sank pres sufficient to aupport the substantial carrnage-way, which lasted for many years. The stability of the enlarged bridge depended greatly upon the ingenious arrangement of the maa-ve masonry of its superstructure; but when at hast the bridge began to give way under the effects of time and an enormous traffic which the architect never contemplated, the process to which it w-as smbjected WaS exactly that which should have been most avoided. The superstructure was removed as too -heavy," apparently in ignorance that its construCtion assisted the stability of the bridge. Nearly half of the navigation of the river has been encroached upon by a wooden substracture-a trap for the toiling lighterman, and a disfigurement in the sight of every foreign vistor. Surely the Stephensons or the Rennies might have been celled in to decido upon plans before committing the purse, if not the person, of the nublic to doubtful makeshifts. But how is it with the most important of these public works ? The new bridge at Westminster has crept into partial existence without public inquiry or first-rate scientific consideration. We hear the plau denounced as anexpensive novelty, with glaring defectsof construction, rendering its stability and even its public utility donbtfal. It is questioned, from the construction of the bridge, whether its several Parts wil consent to a uniform " settlement " whether its sailted foundations will stand the wear and teur of many years; whether its diminished headway, as compared with the. bridges above and below. may not infdict inconvenience, if not'danger, on the craft thaths to pass; whether the obtrusion of its ribs or girders above the roadway, dividing its traffic into coming and going, may not impede the passage, and even endanger property and life by the obstruction. How is it that theso things can happen ? We have already pointed out the reason. he fact that the precedents have in some instances happened to succeed, strengthened by a growing tendbncy, has induced those who are officiay re-' sponsible to place tasks of this kind-we will not call them "jobs"-into the hands of individuals. The }uuse of Parliament are the great feature in the district, and perhaps there was some notion of making the bridge harmomxezwith them, not only in its outward aspect wvhen finisheO, but in the morale of its contract management. After the schemb is commenced, competent persons have been appointed to investigate, and they report accordingly. "The present scheome," they say, "is devised wvitn a view to the avoidance of the use of cofferdams or caissons for founding the piers and abutments. This is done by forcing the piers below low-water by a series of wooden piles, surrounded by a sheeting of cast iron ; the space enscaee by this sheeting being filled inwith concrete." Bqt they do not state that this shielding is formed by long panrels of cast-iron about three feet wide, which alp into grooves of little depth; wherefore tbe greatest accuracy is essential to fit them between the cast-iron face piles, which are grooved on both sides to receive them; so that any violent strain might unsettle them. "With a view to prevent the cast. iron piles being laid bare by the scouir of the river beyond a fixed limit, namely three feet below low-water; it is prop -ito surround them iup to that heightv with a bank of concrete; and, in order to guard the piers, masonry, as well as cast-iron piling, from accident by the fouling of barges, 'steircrs, or othberise, they are to be protected by floating booms. These floating bobms ought tohave raised even in the official mind some suspicion as to the stability and sufficiency of fne- desiga. The bridge is an example a corerl-so to-corroborate the one Main point in Sir Charles Trevelyan's large plin of iinmpovement for the same neighbourhood-: the general design ought; to have been ocen to public competitiou, and the woris otf the artists ebould have been submitted to the public after the selection, with ample opportunity for the intervention of Parliament. - There could have been a second competition for the working designs, with premiums, peraps, sufficient to remunerate the cempetitori, but v,ith a½'perfectly open choice for the responsible Govermnent in ta selection of the desagn,' and atterwards 'of. the merL to eary it oit.- Speelator. THE -nvoo-TAx.-By ani act of the late session (19tlh and 29th Victoria, chap. SO) the allowances made to clerks of the Income-Tsx Ccmmissioners are to cease, and othier allowances granted in lieui thereof. They are to have, from April Ist, 2o. in the pound -on so much of the' net amount of the anins esaed and charged, ftexr all deductions, as will give an-allowance to .a clerk, not exceeding 500!. a-year, and iftite rate of. ld. in the poound for the rem si mtmof the et aount.- The Treasury is empowerdi etaina cases to cause a farther aUowaice of not e;eed1a3cId. in }tlt pound on the gross assessment.
1PUBLl0 WORKS I1T 1YDrA. TO THE EDITOM OF THE TMES. Sir,-I bez leave to trespass for A sm _spa,cenyour columns to reply to Mr. Arthur J. Lewis's letter on the. abovesubject, WbIch appearedin your impression of theTith inst. Ihrve no hesitationi in re ting the statoneat Imade,' that, in the present condition of thepowuce, of the cots ofjustice, and of the tenure of land, it is not practicable t& carry out and execate works in India, sucl as raila-a7. without the direct and positive Espport of Government, ahlin tis-iiew I believe I am borne out by almost every ore who has been in the country, sad connected with under-' taldgs in it. I readily admit thatthe Gorernmentoflundialss aperfect control over al its civil and mnilitaservants, and that: in good intentio it is surpassed or even equalled by;soarcelyanyGovernment in Europe. It is not withl tbe, civUi service that difficulties aud obstacles arise; but, as I expresily 5tated, with the subordinate offcials, vho, taking advantage of the abeence of control, the inevitable con- sequence of districts frequently contaning upwards of as nmillion of inhsbitants being placed in charge of only one or two European officials (perhaps inexperienced young men), of the ignorance andc prejudices of the people, and of tho impossibility of redress being obtained without long and tedious proceedings tumrn to their own prlofit every attmpt to introduce new -worl;s or operations. If the Bombay, Earoda, and Central India Railway Company, of which M. Lewis is a director, have alwaesexperienced the most cordial and a6tive co-operation fronx the East India Company's servants6, why do they not complete their line withont further guarantee, -which, as their able eagineer and managing director conclusively prov,-s in his report just published, dated the 18th of June, involves almost immeasurable delay, tnd adds greatly to the positive cost of thelr line They have commencel under Government auspices and. support5 they have vit with every assistance, and are fairly established. If, weth these advantages, they dare not venture to go on alone, how coulcl a f resh line in a new district hope to succeed ' In fact5 the railway which Mr. Lewis quotes is a guaranteed one, aided by Gov erment in every way. When he tries to make one without a guzantee, anad in whice Gioverunment is not interested, I am afraid lie will ind a difference. I have resided in India for upwards of 30 years, and. am still connected with it, and I shall rejoice when my opinion is found to be -wrong, and others succeed in making zailways and carrying out extensive works withiout Government support; but the instances which Mr. Lewis quotes prove exactly the contrary of wvhat he wishes. In the case of the East Indian Iron Companyr, Irefcr to the following extract of the directors' report to 1;heir shareholders, under date the 6th of March of the present year, 1856, and taken from. your journal of the 13th of that month : - "$They have now to notice with equal egroet unexpected difficulties of a different nature, which, though of a tLemporarycharacter, have much affected the interests of the company at PortoNovo. Tormany years the supplies of fuel for thc works had been drawn from certain jungles in the neighbo uingt districts, in which the exclusiva privilege of cutting wood for their purposes had been leased to the company by the Government, with a reserved right of tasing fdel for its own purposes. In the uearly pp e' of the last yeatr the Government, having deter mined upon thconstruction of three bridges of conl - siderable magn,ituide on thes Ine of the coast-road passn nearllorto 3iovo, called upnl) thec osnpan'-s agent atothcf works to state wiat quantity of fuel he waould. undertake to fusrnish from the leased jun gles tow ards the supply of the r eeente of the Governmeno t for lnmeburning and bricksing for the bridges. The collector of the district was mzmediLately informed by Mr. Beaxumont that any determination on th e part of the Government tO draw its fnelfrom the jungles inquestionwosld seriofsly affect the inLterests of the comnpany at the workis, and urlged fuson the Government to leeavehthem inL unditrbed psesthot of the jengales Wbole the matter, howIver, eas amder discssion a deisc ion was anticipated by thei esecutive officer in chare of the Government works entering and taring possession of the iungles; and a futher appeal havinLg prured inefieotual, the company 'has been left to Ind its fuel in more distant sourcres of suLpply." In that of the Bengal C!oal Company-of which Ihave; beenl a director since its eommnencement in 1843, and which is, I believe, the solitary instance of an association carring on industrial operations sutccessfully inL the inLterior of India, -I can safely assert that the cost of our coal has been greatly enhancedfrom thewant of efficient police and proper courts of justice. But for our having sbiblute possessien and entire control over the property, and able and efficient management, w,th other local advantages, backed by sufficient capital, the company wvould long ago have ceased to exist, notwithstanding tbeimperative demand for the article in the neighbouring port of Calcutta, where we have for a long time sold upwards of 60,000 tons per annum. If, worldng on our own land, and. in a business which so Ettle comes in contaet with others, we have met with these difficulties and hinrances, how much more wouild such be the case in constructing a railvay, where the iglht and pro-- perty of others maist at every step be interfered with 9 Had not Lord Dlshousie and the Court of Directors seeeu the absolute necessity of a guarantee and Government. assistance in aid of private enterprise, they would not have embarked in the complicated and expensive system of garantee unmer which every Indian railway is being constructed, and their having beecn so reluctantly, but imperatively, forced to adopt that cour is the3 strongest argumeitin support of my statement, which Mr. Lea s letter proposes to controvert. IWDLLIAX P. FERGUSSOLT. 20, IAngham-p-iae, Augs 9.
HZE LATE BISHOP OF GRAHA'S TOWK. TO TEE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-Iam happy in being muthorized to submit to yomt for publication the despatch of Governor Sir George Grer - to the Secretary of State for the Colonies on the melan - choly occasion of the death of the -Bishop of Graham's Town. ESch a tzibnto to the character of a colonial bishop, cut off iLthe prime of manhood, snd in the.midst of his laboura for The evaugelization of the savage tribes of Sonth Africa desrves to be made on :ts publication is dtie to his - own memory, to his family, andi to the Church in whose servioe his life was worn out. As an appeal to publio sympatihy has been made in behal - of his widow and children, you will perhaps allowme to add that the Bishop of Grahanes Toain had no claim, any more. than his brethren of Cape Towt and Natal, on either the Imperial or Colonial Treasory, and that the whole endow- - 3nent of the three sees-mamely, S00t. for each-is providea by the " Colonial Bislaoprics' Fand,? which fonmd itself is derived exclusively fromvolnrta.y contributions. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. MRWEST HIAJWXTN. 79, Pall-mall, Aug. 9. "Cape Town, I! y 22. "Sir,-I is -with greasbeiret 1 have to report for your infornmation that I have this d&Y :^ceived a letter from the. lieuteoant-Governor, informing mae that the Bishop of Graham's Town died at that place apon Friday last, the 1Othinst. " The deceased prelatehad in the short time duringwhich he filledhtle see of Grahamns Town rendered the most inportan' and valuable services to tlhs country. His Jabot= were incessant-his self-devotion most em nlay. Per. sonaly, I cannot do otherwise thaa deplore in ideathtb loss of aS. We and zeAloUs riend and oi a most devoted assistant in those plans which, under the auspices of Her Mlaiesty's Government, were being carried out in this country. " The public generally will lamnnntthe death of one whr l2adalreadydone so much to advmnce the interets ofthis . country, and who wvs so e;idently resolved to devote tho w.hole of his li'Fe to the task of promoting the moral and spiritnal wvelfare of the dicocess intrsted tohss charge. "The Riglht on. IH Labouchele, &C." G :FJtlGH-i, ACCThEaT.-& ,right&f and, faial accident occurred on the Brimol "d Exeter Rail-. way, near Taunton, to a manc :amed feades, a aclker on the line, on Thursday last, An excursion traim from London was passing at thme sama time 'as e ie np-express from Bieter. Dscease(Vd attontion appered *o be attracted by the - down-excursioi train,, and not hbrig - thte vp-express bhind Mm,I he was knoc-ed down bythat train and literall cut to "pieces. His renmaM wenr shortly after- collected, -ani an iLnonest -sq uently held on them, and a verict; of:-' Accidental Deaii returned. Deceased had been upwards ofsErez yemA , \1itconspany'S .ie,mCe
FRME. OM=2 OUB OWN co IODE^T.) *1 PAS, FnIDAY, 6 ?.M. The general complexion of to-day's intelligence from Madrid is not unfavourable to the belief of thosa who maintain that the'present Cabinet is -not: Teactionary,' but desires t6 'g6v6rn with the sup3pOs of the TLiberal party. We learn, it is true, the -tc.ceptance of the xeaignations of Senor Olozaga and Antonio Gonzales, but at the same time we ar' asured that this is not to be viewed a a rupttr6 between the O'Donnell Governnent and those two diplomatists, whose services, on the contrary, the. former hopes to retain. The Legation in London Iias- been offered to Senor Olozaga, and it is said -that an elevated post in his own country is reserved- for Seaor Gonzalea, should he tnink proper to ac-- .capt it. There is scarcely a doubt that Marshail Serrano will be the new Ambassador. It cannot be. asid that i3s character and political career inspire te- Progreesista ptarty with- implicit confidence, but .nt the same time he is considered the best and -most libera1Iy disposed of the group of Generals that siar'roundsO'Donnell. ThereasonstfiatinducetheSponisis G6rernment to urge Senor Olozaga to go to London instead of to remain at Paris may perhaps shortly transpire: at present they are matter of conjecture. It is to be observed that most of the Progresistaswho held important'offices under the late. Government, and who resigned them upon its fall-doubt-. less in the belief that its successors would pursue a reactionary policy-have seen fit to retain their places, at least temporarily, and 1Until the intentions of O'Donnell should be k3nown. I may instauce Senor Iznardi, Director of the Post-office, and Doiin Martin de los Heros, Governor of the Palace, a con,-' sistent and much respected member of the Liberal party. Mlany other exanmples might be cited; indeed, the eNceptions are few. Other Progresistasof v;eight, some of the leading men of the party, ircclLding Olozaga himself, are known to have expressed themlselves favourably with respect to O'Donnell, and hopeful that his conduct would bear out the general assurances he and his friends have given that there will be no change in the policy to which he pledged himself two years ago. One change there evidently will be: the National Guard, dis*armed, is virtually abolished for the present, but there seems a disjiosition on all hands to waive this point and to leave it on one side for future consideration. The great anxiety is with respect to the Cortes and theConstitution. The Palace, it is said and believed, desire3 that of 1845 ; and if this is to be adopted, and the sponge passed over all that has occurred since July, 1854, O'Donnell can hardly reckon on the countenance of the Progresistas. One of two thinga will then be evident, either that he has been amusing them with insincere overtures in order to gain time and strength, or that he has been ovezborne by Palace influence and intrigues, and lulled into security by Moderado promises. This latter, however, appears improbable. If the Count of Lucena has never passed for a man of political genius, on the other hand none have ever een ed him a fair rhare of common sense, foresight, ard penetration. He knows the men he has to deal with. He knows that Xarvaez, BravoMurllo, Farterius, and Maria Christina are all his opponents, not to say his bitter and decidedenemies. He must see, unless he be a doomed man, and Fate has blinded him, that the adoption of a policy tending to identify him with, them would be but the forerunner and sure omen of his fall. On the other hard, at the head of the monarchical Liberals, a party wvhich has now much influence and numerous supporters in Spain, he might form a strong Government and achieve great things for the welfare of his country. One thing in his favour would be that he would not be encumbered, as Espartero was, by obligations contracted towards the small but troublescme Democratic party. This faction-for such it desersves to betermned-although sometimes bringing forwa-d measures that the late Government - oppcspd, yet generally supported Espartero, claimed him in some degree as their chief,and harassed him by pretensions to which he cotild not yield, and which he had not strength of mind energetically to repudiate. They caused him many difficulties, and may be looked upon as one of the causes of his f a'l. They sou ght to make distinctions between him and his colleagues, and to represent him as impeded by the latter in the Dath of progress. To this party O'Donnell always showed himself sternly, almost fiercely opposed, and more than one burst of his fiery soldierlike eloquence was directed against them in the Constituent Cortes. They swelled the ranks of the National Guard in the late contest, and, as is known, were among the most determined ancd the last to resist. O'Dornell's well-defined position in opposition to them would be an advantage to the more moderate Liberals, should they adopt him as their leader, or at least concede him their steady support. This questioa still hangs in suspenseS but a few days must, in all prchability, decide it. Ihere are 'persons here who- stil maintain that * tLe armed. intervention of France in the affairs of Spain was not, previously tg the submission of Saragozsa, so improbable a continigency as is generally supposed. The French Government,they uay, would not have been sorry-to give a little occupation and amusement to some ofihosetroops which did not share in the glories--of -the Crimea. The army here is now divided into twosections, the ('rimeans and those who, doubtless s uch against their will, remained inactive at bome; and it is not unnataural that the latter-if not exactly. envying their comradeathepromotionsanddecorationuswhiflh are the reward of hard service-at least deplore that they should have been deprived of.. a chance of winning the sane. A. promenade in Spain -wou7d have been a pleasant, diversion to 'the regrets of these repining warriors.. It is saidaLso that the subject of intervention led to, eaine-t communications Ibtween the English Foreign-ofiEce and the French. Charge dAaires in London. I experience some . difficulty in attaching wreigh t to these reports, howvever pcsitively they may be advan ced.. If the ILiberal psity 1had the upper - hand in Spain, and, ur,ged on by reactiollnary excitement and by its demecraticelemenits-athough these 1 believe to besmall in comparinort -to she maas-had struck at the Throne and installed, anarchy in the land, it is impossible- to 'say. what .course FRrance would have adopted, but I can hardly tbinkc that, even in that ease, she.would have acted otherwise than in concert and harmony with England, or that, in anly case short of the one supposed,the Emperor would, byan uncalled-for interference, have belied the reputation fcr justice and sag,acity lately attributed to him by the English Premier,andgenerallybypublic opinion in EnglandL The first Emperor had his Spanish and unssin campaigns, and their combined result was his ruin; Napoleon umH. hashad his Russian campai , and has carried it through suceessfully; a 0oin m? in SP23n would hardly be sobloody, ubu inrgistbe far moredisastrous in ita ultimate consequeu1?ma. ^ne i,ublic here seems to await confirmation of SThe statement which appeared in yesterday'0s evenings rapers th.at theQ Brita~ fleet ordered to rendezvous -5 the Black Sea 'had received counter-ordes, the matters iil dispute with Russia having been -adjustea. In any cae it is thought that the Iiestion of the Idle of Serpents and that of Er ' (of which Iatterlittle is positively knowvn) are by no eana to be conlsidered serious, and wil be promptly hrranged, if -they have not beon so aleady. The ngnlish Government is said to have a'Led 'dlsrrgence ia the sending of the fleet to the Black Seto have taken the step as one that did not brook deliy a'r leave time for consultation ; but whatever is done in the affair wi be ia -concert with the Govern3meat of France, which, like our own, is quite deter,nined to insLst on the treaty being properly carried out. it has been reported that Count Walow-aki Wam about -tmakeW: secondab m Parii; but this is not the casen-&u"e--w r-remain here. The following pivate teeagsph aicfdesp, e been received: -. -,- / . zo "WeF haBve inteligens: from Cnr,sinoni0p1o{th¢~ The, squdron of~ A dmi.ral .oton :Stewr t has lao fort the Black SOa, ald;rwil remain theren til sves upX.rs ond th bile of Serpents.' - *tA l,etter fromn Vienna to the Drenlcia Gete~ sSto2tbf Rusnsa has evacuated .the Se of Serpents, which has no* been occupiea by the Turhi ' s S- .; The Frontier Commismion hs not ye been ablota-sgtee on the quedtion of the incorpAration( oi Bolgrad. i Napier has arrived at BeTlin.'- M arshal Duke Pelisie'r, afterhaving taken-leae of the Emperor .at Plombiires on Wedneesday evenmng, arrived mi Paris yesterday afternoon, aboiut half-past 5, by a special train. 'Ee Wmas eceiv6d on. his arrival by Marshal Vallant, Minister of War,: Earshal Magnan, anld the GIenerails and Colonels of. thb Imperial Guard and of- the lArmy of Paris. >'& 'battalion of in atywas drawn up in the courtyar& of tho terminus to pa'y due military honoiirato the' ilIustrious General. -Mairshal Peiscier' entiere&'the carriageo of the MinLiserfd Wfar, who conduited. lilsato The HIotel of theWar Department, where 'an' apiartment had been prepared ifor his. reception.' ' squadron of Chasseu'rs formed the escort. -*~~' -' 'Prnce Adalbert of Bavara arrived last nght at Meurice's Hotel. .'' "A letter from Germany, in the Zstvfetem,states. that A. Thiers has beeni lately received by the' Duchess of Orleans, and that when he took his leave the Duchess and her-two sons, the Count de Paris and the Duke de Chartres, accompanied him to the: railway station of Hoehst. A telegraphic despatch from -Bonifacio, dated yesterday, announces that the sinking of the cable for the electric telegraph to Algeria had commenced at Cag,hiari in the morning at 6 o'clock, with ever:y prospect of ultinsate successS..' The Atfessag7er-fe Bayonine, of the 7th instant, an nounces that the E:mperor is to attend the anaugu- . ration of thei Bordeau and Toulouze Itnilway,- which is to take place between the lsth and 20th; instant, and that His Majesty will proceed thence to Biarritz, with the Empress and the Imperial Prince. General Falcon, president of the Saragossa insurrectionary junta, had arrived at Cambo, near; Bayonne. The Duke de Glucksberg and M. Duclero, directors of the Spanish Credit Mobilier Company, arrived at Bayonne oni the 6th from Madid, and left the next day forPBaris. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ended on the 28th alt, were 1,075,35Thf, or 40,959f. less than during the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts -since the 1st of January amounted to 27,012,940f., being a difference in favour of 1855 of 766,509f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 704. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 80c.; Orleans Ralway Shares, 1,415f.; Great Northern, 1,050f.; Strasburg, 942f.- 5Oc.; New Shares, 855f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,455f.; . Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,832f. 50c.; Western> of France, 96Sf£; Bordeaux and Cette, 805f.; Great entral of Frane, 711f. 25c.; Lyons and. Geneva, S12f. 50c.; Bank of Crddit. Mobilier, 1,635f.; Aus-: tran Railways, 892f. SOc. Cour Au n -PAR3, Augst 8.-CAsh PRc.- Four-and-a-Half mer Cents. (not re mbursable for 10 years)j 94f. 80c. 95f.; Three per Cents., 70f. 55c. 45c. 50c.. SOC.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (70 per cent. paid), 70f. N0o.,ditto Certificates (70 per cent. paid), 70f. 60c. ; Bank o France, 4,100!.; Crtdit encier, Obligations of 500, Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Three per Cents., 390f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,615f. ,620f. 1,B622f. Sc. 1,630f. 1,63f. ; Dis. count Bank, 695f. 700f. ; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 90! 50c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 88; ]MgianFonr-and a-Half per Cents., 99, ; Spanish Interior Debt, :391; Turkish Loan, 103. Exchange on London, at sight, paper. 25f. 27Ac.- money, 25f. 25c.; three months, paper, 24f. 97Tc. PARIS, SATURDAY, AUG. 9, 6 P.M. The Empress yesterday received at the Chateau of St. Cloud Marshal Duke Pelissier, who was presented to Her Majesty by the Minister of War. - The Emperor arrived at Luneville yesterday afternoon at a quarter past 5, anid received from the peopie a most enthusiastic welcome. The Emperor proceeded to the ch.lteau, and in a short time after mounted on horseback and rode t-o the Champ-deMaars,whereadivisionof cavalrywasbivouaeked. This day (Saturday) His Majesty istopassinreviewthese troops, as well as other regiments of cavalry from the adjacent town;s; anld after partaking of a grand breakfast, offered by the inhabitants of LunevilDe wvill take his departure for Nancy. His Majesty has signified his intention of remaing in this last named town only a fewf minutes, just to receive the authorities at the railway station, and will arrive in Paris at about 8 in the evening. The health of His Maifesty is excellent. The Enipresshonoured the Gymnase theatre with her presence the evening before last. Monsignor Paa-isi, Bishop of Arras, has just sent a circular to his clergy which has caused a considerable sensation. The document treats of "mixed schools," or establishments of education in which not only Roman Catholics but Protestant children are received and instructed. What coiurse of conduct, the bishop asks, ought to observed- with respect to institutions which have introduced "such a scandal" into their node of- teaching The 3Right Rev. Bishop propoeses simply- to excommunicate -the directors of these mixed schools, and to place an interdict on the establishments. When a director, yielding to the will of the parents, permits some of the children to learn an heretical catechism, and to frequent an hereticalplace of worship, Mar. Par-isis inquires-first, if persons in the habit of cooperating in acts of so reprehensible a character can I e admitted to the sacraments of God's Holy Church; and, secondly, if the duty of the pastors of souls iS not to remove, bv every legitimate means, Roman Catholic cbildren from these dreadful establishments. In the eyes of the right rev. bishop, the first of these questions cannot admit of any doubt. A teacher, male or female, cannot find indulgence " unless the Protestant pupils are subjected to the samne religious exercises as the Roman Catholic ;" andlhe adds that "there would be great advantage for them in such a discipline,' without any incolnvenience to their fellow-pupils, and it is to that point that all efforts should be directed, under penalty of being quite inexcusable:' The second point alluded to above he also answers in the affirmative. The Si&le, in remarldng on this extraordinary circular, says:- " These are doctrines suitable to the revocation of the Edict of Nantec, and it is easy to conceive the painful im.- pression which they have produced onthe numerous English families inhabiting St Omer and Boulogne-sur-Mer." We may add that in the present Bishop of Arras we look in vain for any traces of that Monsignor Parisis who,.i 1843, as a member of the Constituent Assembly, was. so often folmu supportinig the most liberal measures. A. letter front Vienna of the 4th, in the- Bourse O~e, says:- - "A conference, which lasted several homs, took place yesterday between the Ambassador at Naples, Prince PetrUa, and Count Buol, previously to which the latter had conversed at length with Baron de Bourqueney. Count Beol again pointed oct to the Ambassador of the Two Sicilies the grave nature of existing-circumstances, and assured him that, in the event of the representations of the Western Powers not being hearkened to, the latter would assuredly break off diplomatic relations with the Cabinet of Naples, and reserve to themselves futuremtares. Count Buol added that Austria, having exhausted an - means of . persuasion, would only oppose a passive attitude to the nIterior steps of the Western Powers. He Tecalled the attention of Prince Petrolla once more to the danger to which the conduct of the .Neapolitan Governmnent ea- posed not only the -Idngdora of the Two Sicilies,but all Italy,-a danger :o which' Austria could not remain indifferent. Prince Petrulla appeared penetrated -with the truth of these observations, and promised to do all 1e couldto modify the presentposition, ana he hinted that the Neapolitan Cabinet had begun to hesitate in its policy, andthaeihe hoped before long to transmit certain concessionswhich would respondto the principal demands of the Westera Powers. Immediately after this interview despatches were sent from the ministry of Foreign Affairs and from the Neapolitan Embassy to Naples." The Thre per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 75o. for the end of the month; -the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., at 95f. Orleans Railway Shares, 1,4201,; Great Northern, 1,050f.; Strasburg, 942f. 50o. New Shares, 860f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,442f. 5Oc.; Lyons to theI Mediterranean, 1,8371. 5Oc. ; Western of Fhince, 75!f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 810f.; Great, Central of Fzance, - 715f,; Lyons and Geneva, 817f. S0c.; Bank of -rKdit Mobilier, 1,63Qf.; Austrian Railways, 896r. 25c. Cours Au equ i.-PAis, Aug. 9.-CL* P1rloe-.-Tourand-a-Ealf Per Centi,, 90!.; ditto, not reimbrsable for 10 years, 95f. 95f 25Q,; Four per eats.,. 82f.; Thr per COats, 701. 70ic. ~526c 5c;ditto, Loan of 1853 (70 per cent. a) 7 60.-70c -dito, Certiricates (70 pernt. PC' P - france, 41001f.; "Vt F6ncier, 670f'. ditto Obligitions of 5001 -Four br C~Onts., ,44t '' i nths, b 3our per CEnt., 90P, ditto ObligatiMoft,r r Cents.; 390f.:* ditto Te tlss Te630a.- Dispoint haesi, ro-ofeivedmonteae CPi p er Cents., 90f S. reained Thi*e peri nc45£t' Thoswlganhiochnd a-fll per Ceots,:-- 999--Rente -d6 Naples (Rothschild a) 4125l; Rfiom arSf.;e3ponisn Giternor Debt,39he Titeres France Io. Eochtangue iiLn atight. -ner of theo, baoneyd 251. 25c.; tito month,, paper, 2pae t7c. .ga close:l-. p.ie by. coum of ,li Qtd .6j~ comade . ~ Brg.e Maldoniido. - -T-- . Our ouats frome Madrid are of the 4tfmltd The l.ast'-desptahes rtceived i on thes maptaino IGenieral 4f Catalonia stit d that 'not a single arle'd Ibnd remnained-jsir the principality. Those 'which escapd from Barcelona ayd Gimona hadeither entered r,anceo-or sought refuge in Arraon 'One of "thes-- Sband, conslstingof 200 men,lately passed througl I t IFraga>'closely pursued by a column of the Queens - * roops, commnanded by Brigadier Maldonado. - -This and another band ot p300mn, whith leEt Sarago for Huesca, are.the only twlo in the field.a- -tion'o i '~ The Scircumnstances attending the cubmisiWo t ofSaragossa, were not :yet known. The insurgents, iii ,appear, had commritted no. disorders in the- citr., ,thanks to the :eiie-rof the revolution2ayauthorities. On the day'-the Royal troops enteried Sarago,-ssad the' 'junta had:l-adreahedtthfollowing procladntion to ,the inhabitants: - - -' L" Thedsuporior jntasof ar_aiment atdhdefane of theOpro;, vinceo of Saragossa has ceased to ecist. It was formled under' ,the inspiration of liberty; which it considered in danger., I$ rnaintained themrost admirable order in the city,and took. measre - or it6 defence in the event of its being attc.l;.ed.F 1Since then the junta learnt that.the nation had not ro-- 'sponrded to its first appeal,and that the O'Donrel_ Cabi;lnet, so far from menacing liberty, wished, on the -con-- ltyto protct it against its avowed enemies. From that 'rmorent it considered it-tobe its dutynot to p-olongauseless tstrcggie, anLd to endeavins to save the honour oi Szrajgoss:.. 'Wish the concurece of the newrtCaptain.Geneislof'the ditrict the 1X'ationa1 Militia is nut to be dissolved, 'out-all '.ho pessessed,. of delicac and hononur 7rilt understand tha',§ they cannot retain arins which hare been turned against the . (Aovnemnt. -The N.ationail-Militia of Saragossa will not-he Twantingin that duty. Those ho know it pledge thenselresf9r it. To-daywell anderstood-pariotism andhonour oblige - them to lay down their arms. The junta gives this painful iadvice, and hopes. that the lational Militia will follow, the example of the body which has hitherto been its guide, during that shor' -but interesting period of our revolutions.' " "The President,-FALCON. * " The Secretary, EI:ILTO IIRO. " Saragossa, July 31, 1856." *We read in the Atadrid Gazeute, under date Bar.celona,- 3Olh-ult.:- "Yesterday, at 7o'clook p.m., the war- steamerSanta Isabel returned to Barcelona, bringing back the troops em-- barked the day before, together with 40 prisoner .capiured in tihe enviros -of Villanueva, and 300 muskets. Those prisoners were lodged in the Atarassnas. The National G(ard of Lerlda has been disarmed." On the 3d the Duke of Victory took leave of theQueen -and King, previous to his departure for Loqgrono. Miarshal O'Donnell had refused the title of. (randee of Spain of the first class offered to him by the Queen. *' ' PRUSSIA. (s'Oof OUR ow-w COORRSPOs7nXNr.) BERLIN, Auo. 7. The departure of the Empress of Russia is now definitively fixed for next Tuesday, just one week later than the day7 originally named. She will leave Potsdam on-the MIonday, and spend the greater part 'of that day and the night at the hotel of the Russian Embassy here, and on the follow ing mornmng leave -by railwzay for -Dantaic, whence a couple I of Russian frigates' are, it is said, to fetch her and i hersuitehome. Some considerable number of at- tendants, which however necessary to the Empress's j service while - travellin - through Russia were considered superfluous in more civilized Germany, I have been left at Konigsberg while their Im. perial ntistress has -been travelling further southward. It appears to-have beeh the intention of the Empress -to give a grand dinner on Mondcy evening at the IRussian Embassy; but the absence of--Baron Budberg at Moscow seems to have rendered the plan imnpracticable; the Emperor when here was pre. vented from the same act of hospitality by the ab- l sence of the Russian Minister, at that time summoned to Heidelberg by the sudden death'! of his mother. The Grand Duke Michael: is stiUl stayin.g in the south of Germany, chiefly at the ! Court of -Carlsruhe, where his bride elect, thePrincess Cecilia of Baden, is staying; he is, however, unremitting in his attentions to the neighbouring Princes,'and he will not return to Sans Souci till3justbefore his Imperial mother is about to, leave for B3erlin. . .- - The post-office official who has had the manage.' ment of the Empress's travelling arrangements fromr the PrLssian frontiers hither and hence to Wildbad and back has, received a golden snuffbox from her, described to be covered with jewels, and to be worth several thousand thalers ;-from the Emperor, for whom he officiated in a similar manner from the I frontier and backs also a golden sntuffbox, worth 1,000 thaiers. The widow of apostmaster inthe provinces, in whose house themnpress passed a night on her journey hither, has been presented - by i her with an attrape - in the form of a shoe, but which was filled internaUy with valuable articles of jewelry, oine of which is a lady's watch of -thesize of a fourpenny piece. The most marvelloui part of this story is that the watch is stated to ao well. On leaving Potsdam about a month back the Empress left 25,000 thalers (3,V50!.) to be distributed in her own and the Emperor's name among the serva-uts of the palaces that had been occupied by themselves and their suites;- and a watchmaker of that town is spoken of as having in addition supplied to them 90 gold watches for distribution. Unforbanately, the parties most inconvenienced -by the stay of the Imperial party next after the Royal Family and' their immediate household, viz.,, the inhabitants of Potsdam apart from the tradespeople, get no indemniEcation. fortheprivationsthey havebeenputto, in having everything- beqond the merestc necessaries of house.- hold bread -and the most ordinary joints bought up for the consumption of the unusually numerous-inmates of the palaces. -What the disturbance in social arrangements avs there may: be conceived when I - mention -that 80 additional men-servants- ha; to be hired for the palace service, and that 800 thalers a- day were expended for hired carriages. One circumstance is worth notico with regard to the exercise of munificence:on the part of thea Imperial family on occasion of this visit to-Berlini. We have not as yet heard, of any cases of-peculation -and fraud committed by Russian offieials on the persons to whom gifts of money orjewelry, or paymentss of amounts,vre destined bythe Emper6r or -Empress; bVt- a- column or two of your.broad sheet might 'eailjy be filled with instance3 of this that haveobecome: notonious in connexion with the many visits made here by the late Emperor. Iu addition to the suite that- will accompany Prince Friedrich Wilhelm to the coronation, the - Prince of Pless,Counlt Redern, P?rince Radziwil and. his son, will leave here' soon -.for 3oscow, -Pince: Alexander of HIesse, the brother of the .reigni g- Empress ofRusvsia, has arrived here for the purpose of his further -journey to Russia. Ac1miralSir Charles Napier arrived here yesterday:' from St. Petersburg, having arved at Stettin the day before on board the Preussischer Adler. :Herr von Bismarok Schinhausen lias' had an audi ' ence Of the 7King, on his return from Frankfort, where the Diet has prorogued- itself from the 2d istant till -the -endo f October. Great satisfac-: tion is expressed in Federal circles that a question: connectedwith the extension of tbeFederal fortres33, of PRastadt, iu Baden, in which the representative of Prussia had beenin, t'aemninority, has been amicably. settled. -The subjec' -has little- or no interest fori your readers, turning asit does on the pZotes of the Prussian -represeantative against - the Federal fandibeingapplied.to the-extension of X{astadtiu any other' sway than accor4hig to. the:plans,on the faith- of w ich te .fuimds were voted--two years ago. There I still remains, however, a -much sfore llagrant-afair' connected with - the fortresa -of..Ratadt, - which' sooner -or later the Government of Baden:i1-. be obliged to bring b-fore -the Federal Diet-tho Austrian Government, -which- threw ito tlhit- fofortr'a strong garrhisn during th'e im-e of the in.J4 -surretion in Baden, has refused oter *ince .t4 reduo it to its- due quota; so ~that the iBaden Governmenlt' -is- omp-elea to see this fortress in its own territoryi ccupied almost sxclusively by Austrian troops..astate of tbigs the more unlsratisfactory, as it was Dotonous that ihb _) tr l Baden were got ,upby, e onnivance of Austria. he' BV:rsei' Ziei.tung Xor 1th, plae stStes - **ei'} ego kgro or,I"r 'beliif atf tIrii the positiono& b U poi:le toAiae tot i3 TrMty of Psi' of Mlarch30! ws oeL t1i point of ssminga gravs if to 'l5 riikascs E ht of ir 6< ; of- the Russian, od their taking posseaibn of t']left'rpente,,'wlucii comnds the: naigation -of th&liiulis,appeared to thc English 'Ministy" selach v.toIaticnotA ticle 20,fthe: britof PArisi that oorders ;ba bielr hyelitthen&ipsesse lsstil intheoAt, 40sailstrong to-cclect tfiogether gasn in-a te Black Sea,. andbv A VwarlilG dii4onitritioninsUre the execution of the concitions of I ce';''e. ejoioe, hoiever, to' b able to add to this Im.' poi'fpiece of news, and hihlih coones to us from a weil. iproved ,source, thefarther in9ormation that the intimation, ilone of th2s orler -ina St. iPetersburg has sufliced to :ndiice the Russian Qovernmet, to give the moost satil facto:ry aSuranceskas'to the execution of the stipulation&i ~ured byihe treatyr,- so tbit tho execution of the above. entiiionet orde * which hadadready left London, has beens able to be counterAndeo : The (Jorraewpoeniz ~ sB-eau states also: "It ,is affiirmed positiv'ely that Lord Granille, while still on: hIs way .oCronstadt, received the official new6that the . diffe'r,ces betweenL theWFeeterL Porers and Russia --with re gabrd tothe non-bvaciation: of KaKrs and the ovcupatibn of the Isle of Se'rpents jere aiteady irtth3 Wai j f settilenesiti. ,And xur,thler, . i'We hear that it has been roposed by France to draw up and agree to an additional artiole to the treaty of March 30,for the puipose of settling the matters coDnected withl the D) anuhian islands, which were overlooked at the conclmsion of the Treaty of Pea e.' According totha-Nor-dhte coronation in Moscow is put off till September' 7; and in contseiquence the Eunmperor will not make his :entry into Mo0scow before hugusti 25. Prince- Esterhazy was,expected in St. ,Peterburg on the S13t of July, and' Count Morny; on;the 3d of Asfgust.: -- RUS.SIA. A letter from- St. Peterabirg of t Ie 1s, i the fssddpendaNce of Brussels; ays,:- Their Majesties havelately mnido'aii excursion to Hap. ,sal ;where the young. princes, their children, have, been staying, for some weels for-the benefit of sea bathing. On :Friday last, at noon, their.Majesties, taking with thenm he: 'young GrandDake-ndicolis, so7n of'the Grand Admiral left Peterhoff on ioard- t1ei:stdaner -GroshatchiL At 10 oeclock at night their Majesties mubt the fleet under the comnand of the Grand Dukeo Con3tantine, and on arriving off the Island of Hoglaid tihfaitter went on board their 3Ujesties' steame-. The vessels of the 'fleet formed into two e ctoe allo=w the steamer with their Maiesties to runbetween them; After having thus passed tho gleot in review, the Emperor and Emrnarsscontinuedtheirexcursion. .I .he afternoon of the followi&> day, when off tile Isla of Wformc,s, their Majestie saadthe astisfaction of seeing their children the Mereditary Grand Duke and his three i brothers who had embarked at Hapsal on board the Peters. burg steanmer. The young Grand Dukes joiied their parents on hoard the Grosiatchi; ind all. the Imperial familyentered the port of ,Hapsal: together. T'hey wero received on landing by Price Sviivroff,. Goiernor-General; of Livonia, !Esthonia, and Coutland,' and by a large crowd of persons wsvo had assembledon the jetty; To-morrow the Emperor wil review'the whole 'of the Baltic 'fleet, and a number of steamers will convey the publis to this naval fiite." ITALY. (IRNor OUR o ODRRMMN7'XNsT.) TURIN, AUG. 5. I mentioned yesterdlay that the Mfunicipal Council of Ravenna. had followed, the example of that of Bologna, in-ad6ptiig an address'to the Pope praym ing for relief from foreign intervention. It seems now that it!has gone furtherit has " bettered the 'instruction ;" for -in a subsequent, sitting it votedi n.Iothet- 'address to His Holiness, demanding the electoral lar for the municipalities, which he himself'decreed, bzut which is never been acted up 'to, should be put in force. A letter fitou the Legations received this mozning says:- "Legalacts of--'opposit.ion in the Legations multiply, aned tre rsistance acquires every day more ground. The ,mui ipalL Ceuncilof Ravenna has, besides petitioning the. Pope-againstbthe occupation oi. the country by foreign troops, made a formaldemand that the mnnicipallaw of 1850 should not remain a dead lotter. A reasonable memorial, in which ft is asked that the right. of election should be conceded as the - only' means of maldng known the true wants and 'the jupt demands of the people, vwas presented to 'the Council, signed by eight of the most distingiuished 'members; andan absoluto majority of the Council theif-recorded their adherence to the principle by adding their signatares to 'the document. The memorial was su,b3equently transmitted to the MIunicipal Magistracy, in crder thattlie 'Government authorities might partioipate in4 t_1 "It must be' added that the same Municipality-of Ravenna lhad positively refused -to execute the work laid dowvn for it by tlhe'Pontifical Commissicuer, Monsignor Anici, in his recent ec6domic jrovison, against which an energetic protest was sighed by the proprietors and merchants of uiaveunai. "Tbe Government authorities are very naturallymuch concerned at the great significance of these mraifestations.~ ' You will not be surprised at the last sentence of the foregoing letter.- These are,indeed signs that-no' Government can: remain indifferent to-to find the very men it NiA_ifi6lf placea 'in office turn evidence againt the arbit;rny act. which violated the l4Wfoi-their o nnomination! The constant objection offeired to the'withdrawal of foreign troops is " that, it wousld not be safi3," but the fact is the country is not safe novr vith all the burdens and irritating circumstances attending the presence of a' foreign'army, and wienwMe see mnen who have much to lose and notban' .to gain by any popular out-' break-coning 'forward to request the Government to relieve- them- from this- foreign occupation, it may fairly be concluded that they- at least do not anticipate. additional power being given to .he revolutionary partysby such an act, or that the cause- of order *s hkelyto suffer by it. 'On .the contrary, it proeB their conviction of its conDervative tendn, and their aeliance on its efficacy to reconcile exiting diferences betweeii the people bnd their rulers, mid thuieby to: increase (or 'rather to create) security of life and property ir their provinces. Although raany other municipabiies are saic to'be-prepared'to follow th6'lead given by Bolbgna- and Ravenna, it is hardly to be hoped' ,that 'thg will' be', all6wed twe opportunity of so openiy dcberlarin-g t -eir oppition' to-the nets 'of Government, as it -would never do to allow such ramoinig ,evidence-'to go 'forth'- to the'- public -of Eiurope ; aund.thref(*re it i%zsot I mprobablo the pro 'crastinlatina- systemm~xay be haarecourse .to, in hopes' of better tones.. " ''.
SUMhMER ASIZfES. HOME CIRCUIT. GUILDFORD ArG. 9. (Before the Lord Cmsr BARo. o and a Specia! Jinry.) 55ATh1R V. IORD SSIONE. This was an action to recover the sum of 1,000l. apon a bill of exchange accepted by the defendant. A good nnany pleas were put upon the recorda as an answer to the action, but the material defence reled upon was that' the defendant had given the acceptance in question in lieu cf a bill for the same amount which he bad accepted fort}ie accommodation of the Hon. Francis Villiers, but that, instead of receiving that bil, a bill bearing a forged acceptance was handedto him. Mr. M. Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. Lush, appeared for the plaintiff, and M1r. E. James, Q.C., Serjeant Ballantine, and Hr. loll, were counsel for the defendant. Mr. Jss addressed the jury, and said that he appeared on'behalf of the defendant, and he had the right to begin b=cause he had taken upon himself by the pleas he had placed upon the record to prove certain facts which he would shoitly state to 'hem, and which, if made them out by the evidence, would entitle him to their verdict. The plaintift in the action, he believed, was a betting-house keeper, and ha sued the defendant upon a biU of exchange drawn by the Ron. Francis Lawley, and accepted by. the defendant, and dated the 17th of March, 1855. He should make out to their entire satisfaction that Lord Miaidstone bad never received one farthing of consideration for this bill, but, notwithstanding this, if it should turn out that the plantiff was a boren fide holder of the bil and had given value for it, he wouldbe entitled to recover. This would be the question that the jury would have to decide, and when they had heard the facts he believed they would have to difficulty in coming to the conclusion that value had not beengiven for the bill, and that the plaintiff was not entitled to recover. Lord lMaidstone, it appeared, had been for a great many years on the most intimate and friendly terms with the Hon. Mhr. Viiors, the second son of the Eiarl of Jersey, and in January, 1852, that gentleman asked liLn to accept two bils of exchange for his accommodation. The learned counsel read a portion of a letter w-ritten by Mr.Villiers to the defendant, in which he stated that he was so "infesnallybothered" formoneythathe had ventured to askhimtoput his name to two bills of exchange for his accommodation, telling him at the same time that he would ran no risk, as the bills in question would never arrive at maturity, but would be '1strangled in their birth." LordiMaidstone consented to do what he was asked by his friend, and he ultimately, in the month of January, 1852, did accept two bills for 1,000. each, draw;n by Ar. Villiers, and for which he did not receive any consideration whatever, but merely a memorandum, stating that the bils had Lbeen accepted for the accommodation of Mr. Villiers. ese original bills were of three month' date, and it appeared that when they became due they were renewed, Lord NAaidstone still continning to put his name to the fresh bills, and receiving the old Deas, and things went on in thIS way until the bfginning of March, 1854. when a person named Edvwad Rawson Clark called upon the defendant, and told him that one of Mr. Vilhiers's bills, accepted by him for 1,000!., would be due in a few days, and he required a fresh bill, and' the interest for the renewal. Clark was known to his Lordship in connexion with former renewals and he, therefore, having no suspicion, and imagining that the bill referred to was one of those that he had originally accepted for Mr. Villiers, and which had been renewed, gave Clark a fresh acceptance for 1,000!., and a check for 100!. as interest to renew the bill that was then comi-g due. Mr. Viliers at that time was not in England, and Lord Maidstone procuredthe signature of the Hon. Mr. lawley as the drawer of the fresh bill, and he accepted it, and it was upon this acceptance that the present action wvas brou-,ht. e had stated ihat at this time Mr. Villiers bad Teft the country, and from circumstances which tHe Jury were probably aware of, this gentlemnan had never returned. xLd Mlidstono was most unwilling to cast any obloquy upon his friend under such circumstances, but he had at the same time a duty to perform to himself, and -vimen he discovered that a certain class of people were determi-ned to make use of the position of lir. Villiers to extort money, there was a point at which concession mnist stop, andI aclsi tlce advice of counsel-and he bad no hesitation in saying tbat he (Mr. James) was the-person who had eo ad-I vised him-he determined to resistthepresent action, which was merely an attempb to plunder him. He had already paid a considerable suma of money in consequence of his connexion with these unfortunate bill transactions of fr. Villiers, but, finding that there was a regular system. of extortion intended to be practised,' he thought it right to lay all the facts before a jury, and if they should be of opinion that he ought to p3y this bill, be would do so. The iearned counsel then went on to state that Ehortly after he had given Clark the new bill the old: onewashanded to him, and unpon exa-miing it he discovered to his horror that his signature had been forged. ed had given a fresh bil for it and also a checl; for 1l0., nid he applied to the plaintiff, an his agent, for the restitution of both thoese instruments, but they refused to mive them up, and the present action was brought upOn the general acceptance given by his Iordship under the circumxinnces be had mentioned. As to the bill that'as given up -being a forgery not the salightest doubt- could be entertained. Lord Maidstone himself bad paid one of the 3,000!. bills, for which, as be had told them,, he bad never received one farthing, and thefriends of Afr.Villiezsbad taken -up the other, so that there could be n-oidbubt thst the one in question was a forgery; but it vas due to Mr. Villiers to stiate that, whatever his faults might have been in other matters, he was not believed to have been the autlibr of this pa;iculcr fegery, and the jury would very well understand. -that when a certain cass of persons became acquain,ted with the position of Mr. Vilhiers, theyjwould. not be particular in t-Jinrg advant3go of it in order to extort money. The learned coxunsei then made 5 few further observation and conciaded by stating that the materal question for. lle, juxy was -whether the plaintiff had given real consideration for thebill uDon which the action was broughbtb or whhehler he was not cosglzaat of the-natLre of the trasis-- -action, and in that case he would not be entitled to reconi,-,' - Viccount Maidatone iwas' then eranmined. He said,-Ln th.e year 1852 I ws on very intimate terZms with the HE6h* :Frand3 Villiors and his family. In January of that year (ho trroteee' the letter that has been read, zequestiugmnato Accepttvho bills forhis accommodation ; and I acepfted two' for 1,0001. each. Whei thesa bills becamei due, they 'weze ereaewd, and I gave fresh acceptances. Mr. VMliers brongast .vae thu old bills, and he. aLo paid tho interest. I had no' wrticn whtever- of the monoy that was derived from the Ib:,L9"In mlarehL 185i5 Mr. Vilieum was absent, BeI went away fronm onon0 suddenly ; but I had no idea X1 tha tiD; pli tAj A~t ;4e4ta tot EJ t;,itawmelth -a person named Edward aweon Clarkcalleduponmef andinquired whore Mr. Villiers was, and I told himn I did ~not knowr, but I thought ho was gone into the country to see his horses, and. ho thefn made a communication to me 'espegtirg abill of exchange for 1,000!., which he said was coming due in a few days. -In con3equence of what he said I afterwards gave him tho acceptance fer 1,000c., unon which Iani now being sued, end upon -tho understading that it was to be taken asthe renewil of the bilU of which he had spo'ken, and which I imagined was one of those that T had accepted ioi Mr. Valliers. On the 19th of March a notice was left at my houze thAt a dishonoured bill for 1,000., hecepted by me, was lying at the office of 31r. Stuart. an attoraxey; in New Inn, and I went there, and the biL was shown to sue. I looked at the bill attentively, but as at this time I had no idea of any forgery havngbeer conainittid, no suspiciori was created, and I went away without saying a word about the -genuinenems of the signature. Soon after this I learnt that Mr. Villier had left England. About a fortnight afterwards Clark brought me the bill that was renewed, and, in consequence of some inforuiation that I had received, I4examined the siga' ture of the acceptance, andI sun satisfied that it is a forgery, and I immediately communicated the -fact to Mr. stuart, and asked for the rewtoration of my genuine acceptance and my check for 100!. Since thfat time I - have seen sx or seven other 1,000& bills bearing my nmnoe and the whole of them are forgeries, and I have heard of several pthers4 amounting altogether to 16 -or 17 for the same pmount that are also forgeries. * Croa-examined.-Thesp two 1,000& bills that I accepted for the accommodation of Mr. Villiers were the ouly ones for which I received. no consideration. I accepted three -thers for him, one for 1.00 !., another for 1,1001., and a third for 2,0601., and I had a portion of the proceeds. The' 2,0004 and the 1,1004 biUs were running when Mr. ViLiers left, but they have since oeen paid. I had never accepted any accommodation bills before. The original two 1,0001. bils were of course renewed a great many times, and when Mr. Vilhers brought me the old ones I put them into the fire.- I wrote a "treriendou" letter to Clark comnlaining ;of his not deliverting me up the old bil after obtaininmy acceRtance andoheck. Jr. Francis Lasley, the drawer of the bill, is alo abroad as well as Mr. VilUiers. I complained to -Mr. Stewart of the bill having been presented at my house, and he explained that it was necessaTy for this to be done, in orderthat the holder of the bill might bave a remedyagainst thetether persons whose names weze on thebilLi - he signatuie to this bil is not at all like my writin It is rather%< des&erate act, signing a bill, and alwaya do it with a dasb. (A laugh.) Re-examined.-All the bills accepted by me for the accom'modation of Mr. Viliers have been paid and withdrawn. - I relied on his meeting them. I had no means of knowing into whose hands he passed the bills, but he always told me that they were "kept oniet." (A. laugh.) I understood, of course, by that that they were not circulated. Clark did riot teLl me in whose hands the 1,00I. bill was. After Mr. Viers had gone, tClark said that theholder of the bill would not renew -it without another name besidesaminel being upon it, and at my nequest hIr. Lawley consented to bethe drawer of the bill. Iha.ve not seen Mr. Villiers sintce February, 1855. . Mr. Jennings, the steward of WhiteWs Club, of which thedefendant is a member, and Mr. Clutterbuck, one of -the cashiers at Messrs. Hoarca', his bankers, were then ex-- anined, and they expressed their opinion that the accept. auce to the oldbill ias a forgery. Some other evidence was aaduced, and this closed the' case for the defendant. hfr. CHAMu%ErS then proceeded to address the jury for the plaintiff. He said that the inquiy was certainly a very important one, but he must impress upon the jury that the real question was. not vhether any. consideration had been given for the bill that was allegedi to be-n forgery, but whether the plaintiff had originally given consideration for a genUine bill accepted by Lord Maidstone, and for which bilithe one that was the subject of the present action had been given in substitution. As regarded the question of forgery the plaintiff had nothing to do with it, the only point was whether he had originally given consideration for the bill that was delivered up, and if he had he was entitled to recover. Ie was sure that the jury would - not lose sight of the fact that Lod Naidstone had got intothis diffliulty throngh accepting accommodation bills .or his friend, MEr. Vilhers. He had allo;ed, instrumnents of this characterto be circulated in the world and had by this means brought the inconvenience upon himself, and he could not help observing that it was aver,y lanentable thing to see yOng me engage in such operations to raise money which could not be required for any legitimate purpose, and the effectof which had been that two young men of position andfamily had been compelled to fly their country. He did not mean to deny that Lord Maidstone on the present occasion had given his evidence with great fairness and candour, but he submitted that there had been no answer to the plaintiff's claim and that whatever share Clark might have token in the tranSaCtiOn the plaintiff was an innocent holder of the instrument upon w/hich this action was broug^,ht, and wvas entitled to recover upon it in the present action. Mr. George Mather, the plaintiff was then called as a witness. He said,-In June, 1854, I discounted an acceptance of Lord Maidstone's for 1,000!. Clark broughtme the bill. it Was drawn by Ur. Villiers and accepted by Lord Maidstone, and I believe that Clark's name was also upon the bill. The bil in question had a few days only to ran, I think 10 or 12 days, and I agreed to discount it, and gave Clark a check for 1,000!., as he said that he wanted a note for that amount, and he gave me a bank-note fo, 101. for the interest for the period the bill had to run. I paid this biU into the Union Banl; who are me bankers. Before that bill became due, Clarlk asked me to renew it. At first 1 hesitated, but I afterwards consented, and Clark brought mne a - fresh bill drawn by Mr. Villiers, and accepted by Lord Maidstone, at] three months' date; and I then gave up the other bill. I received about 156. for interest upon the second bill. It came due in September, and was renewed a second time. The bill was renewed again in December, and the biJl that was now aleged to be a forgery was brought to me in substitution for it. 'Upon t*.- last renewal 1 received 50!. interest. The bill would become due on the 19th of March, 1855, and a few days before I sent it to my solicitor, Mr. Stuart, with instructions to P reSent it, and do what was necessary resecting it. I had not the slightest suspicion that the biil wasa-not genuine, and I Imew nothing aboult Clark having obtained' another bill and a check-for 100!. from Lord Ma3idetone. I afterwards received from Clark the bill upon which I am now suing the defend-, ant, and I did not hear anything shout the other bill being I a forgery until this one, was nearly dae. The plaintiff v.as subjected to a most severe and searching cross-examination by Mr. EDwiT JAwns. Ir. answer to the questions put to him, he said,-I am a " gentleman"-that is to say, I Eve upon my means. I do not keep a betting shop. 1 formerly did keep one, but I have given it up since the new act of Parliament. My offices are at 10 , Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, where I also reside. Thatwzas my betting-office, and the desks and tables are still there, just as they were when the betting business was carried on. Mr. CiiASss here submitted that his Lordship ought to caution the witness that he was not bound to criminate himself. The CH BAscoT said he should do no suclh thing. Witnemses who were bound to appear and give evidence in obedience to the Queen's writ were entitled to protection, bht plaintiffs and defendants were volunteers, who came foiward for their own purposes, and they must take care of themselves. - The cross-examination was then continned.-Be did business on commission. ' It was not a commission for coals or wine or anything of that sort, but, if gentlemen gave him a commission, he execated it. After some hesitation, the plaintiff, at lesgth admitted that he was in the habit of making bets on horse-races on comnmission. He had known Clark a great many years, and he had been on intimate terms with him since he had "done" Lord Waidstone's first billinJune,'54. HehadcseenClarkinthetown,but wasnot aware whet,her he attended as his witness. The bill of Dacember 16, was a renewal of a genuine bilL The check of 1,000!. WES given for a bil that had a few days to run, Would sWear positively it was not given for a bill drawn at 10 days only. The learned counsel then handed to the witness a bil for 1,0001. at 10 days, and asked him whether he would swear that this was not the biU for which he gave the check and received the 10!. interest, and he said it was not. His attention was then called to the fact that his check and the bill both bore the same date-nainely June 12, 1854, but he still persistae in swearing that the bill he discounted, and gave the check for, was one that was of much longer date, and which had Onl afewdaystorun. Be maid the bill into his banler s, and he would swear that at the time it had 10 days or so to run before it arrived at maturity. He could not say what o the date of the bil was, because he never saw it afterwards, and when it became due, it was renewed, and when he re-- ceived the fresh bill, the old one was handed over to i thedefendant. ThebiUat1Odays'date, hie said, appeared to have passed through the Union Bank, but heknewnothin, 'about it, and could not siy whether it was paid when iSt arrived at maturity. He received 15!. for renewing this bill. He kept no books that would enable' him to ascertain the date of the bill he discounted in June, 1854. The onlybooks - he had were his betting-book and his hanker's book. In' answer to further questions, the witness said thathe had: discounted other bills through the agency of Clarl,. He was in the habit of getting bills and bringing them to him,' and he was the "channel" through which the business was, done. He would swear, however, that ivhen the December, bill became due he did not ask him to get another bill for. it. On re-examination, the plaintiff swore that he sawnothing of Clark before he sent the bill to his solicitor's. BytheJury.-He was unable to give any reasonwhyz he sent this particular biU to his solicitor's for presentation. zr. G. P. Laurie, a clerk in a branch of the Union Bank of London, produced the plaintilPs check, dated the 12th of june, 1844, and proved that he paid it with A1 000I. Bak of England note. answer to questions put- by Mr. JANmss, this witness [stated that at this time the only bill in the possession of the bank to the account, of the plaintiff was the one for 1,000!. of 10 days' date that had been uroduced. He also said that this bill was delivered up to Clar-k by the order of tho plaintiff before it became due, and was paid in again on the same day to the credit of lark's father-in-lawv. When the'bill j arrived at mnaturity it wvas paid.- Mr. J. A.Stunrt, the soicitor to the plaintiff, was then examnined, and he proved the fcts counected fwith the7pre- sentationofthebil to Lord tidatone,wandlso that his Luodship came to his office and copoplainedof thebill having. been presented, at the same -tife stating that he had given: C lark a fresh hill anda check for 100!. - He said that-he htd'shown his L;ordship the bill that wfas alleged to he forged, :and he looled at it and made no remark. Mr . Stuart likewise proved that Clark subsequentily brought himn the bill 'npon which-thepresent action was brought and paid 60!. interest on account of the plaitiff, and he thenc hanidedhirns the bill that was now alleged to be a forgery. . . MT' CHArA s: then summed up the case for the' .plaintitE - - - r. JASIS, in thze course of a.most forcible and eflout reply; said that' no doubt the cas, as his learned friendf had stated, was ocue of' vryerat iroportance, and lord Ma1id- stonewou lVO ce tiaS'ly loohc upon this prOdeOding , g gret] leteoijufqtiig> N{9 si°vulfee moeteha nanesrbe impropriety of young.men being. concerned in transactio ns like these, ot feel more regret that in. the present case they had led two young j men -of high coonnexions. and position to become eaxls -from-.their county, Srt however, they must not at the;same time forget that if young menx were impradent, there was a cerain. clas of persons who 'deternruied to 'fatten ipon that' imprudence I a d o ke - evcry nunfair advantage of 'them, and it. a Ipeared. to him it had been i-dearly made. out. thalt te- {larntiff' nd his -'gent-or -'ebeannel," as he called him,Clark, were persons of that dlas andl that they must havebeen cognizant of the fraid thit'was intended tohe perp trdat&. The conduct of Lord'Maidstone throighout the transaclion did him the greatest hoiour. He had paid all the clainms that . were made upon him, and' it, was only 'when he found that there was an attempt to estort many thousand of pounds, in the expectation,. nodoubt, that the claims would no, be resistea, in Srder to! avoid exposure to the friends-and fardily of the parties who vere interested, that he felt himself compelled to come: forwad to resist Einch an attempt.. ,The, C( RAn B^no, on summng up, said -he quite; concurred with the leamed counsel in the expression of re-q grea that young imen of faniilyand station should mLu them-- selves up with operations of this kind, and applv bills of enxphange tDo prposes for which they were never intended;. yet theymsust deal with.thecase thsame as with any other, and he was bound to tell them, that if they believed the plaintiff had made out to their- satisfaction that 'he had'given value for the bill in question, ho was entitled' to recover the amount. Hislordshi then called the attention of the jury to the facts addusedin evidence, and- said the' 'question they had to decide was whether the plaintiff was a 1b,a4 fide holderoef the hill or not.. ' Ths Jury almo6t immediately returned a verdict rfor thi> dbfendant at the same time expressing their, opinion thit'here lied been a'frauduLent conspiracy in the' matter by; some persons or other, but; they were unprepa1red to say by-, wvhom. ; . . i - (Bcfoire Mr. Justice ERLE and Comr.won Juries.] STIFF V. SM }.: 1 This was an action directed to be tried by the Court' of ,Chancery as to the terms of an agreement that 'hd been entered mUto by the parties. I Mr. M. Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. Hawkins were for the plaintidT; and Mr. 3l. James, Q.C.,-and Mr. Lush for thei ,defendant. iThe plaintiff it appeared, was the proprietor of the :Zondoa Journal, and the defendant was a writer 'of popular tales. It seemed that.ai agreement was entered into that the defendzat 'shuld supply a tale in"w*eekly numbers for the Londoi Journal, for which he waa' to Tecoive 101. per sheet, and he also agreed not to con-. tiibute to any other penny publication. It appeazed that' the defendant had commenced - a work called' Mll-s' and Faces, and supplied about i1 numbers, arnd it Wa s alleged that in consequence of some disagreement he, in the twelfth number,. suddenly closed tho tale in. so very' estraordinary a manner that tho plaintiff would nxot insert it, but retained another author, who it appeared is only mown among this class of literature as the author of Wkitefriars, to complete the tale in a reasonable mamner. The defendant subsequently, it appeared, entered into an arrangement with Cassell's paper to supply a tale 'of the. same character, and for this breach of the agreement, and also upon an allegation that tho plaintiff had sustained damage by a diminution in the sale of his publication, owing' to the newly appointed writer not being so popular or pleasing so well the taste of the public, the present action was brought to recover damages from the defendant, After some evidence had been given, a verdict for the plaintIff was taken bi conlsent for20 gieas, subject to the ;Court; above confirming his constrctio of the agreement entered into between the parthes. . . VOTJULES V. FRAY. This was an action on a promissory note for 507-, signed by the defendant. . Ur. Doyle appeared for the plaintif, and 'Mr. Hawkins for the defendant. The plaintiff is an attorney in London, and the action appeared to have been brought under rather peculiar circumstances.' The defendant is a young lady of respectability, who wasformerlyin the service of tleEarl of Zetland, andit. will be remembered that -a few months back she was the plintiff ini two actions tried at GuildalL, .ome of which was against the housekeeper of the establishment, and another against the noble eal himself. for having,- as sho alleged, unlawfully detained some property belongingto her. The firstaction resulted in a verdict being taken in her favour, sabject, however, to further consideration; and in the second it araced that Serjeant Wilkins, who was her. counsel, advised her that she had no case, and reconnnended her to come to some terms; and eventually Lord Zetland, to avoid further annoyance, consented to pay a. sum of N01. to settle the, whole matter, and this sum was ultimately paid over to the laintiff The case on the part of the plaintiff was that he was to have the whole of this money for his costs; but he said tbat, in con§ideration of the defendant's position, he consented to lend her 601. until she should be in a condition to repay him, and that this promissory note was given by her, as securit, and the son of the plaintiff and another person swore positively that the promissory note was read over to her and explained to her, and that she perfectly understood the' nature of the transaction. On the part of the defendant, it was said that tho transaction referred to -was an utter fraud upon her, and she was examined, and swore most distinctly that she had not the slightest idea that the money was advanced to her as a loan, but that, on the contrary, it was understood that she was to have 501. of the money paid by Lord Zetland, and the paper she signed she bplieved to be merely an acknowledgment. of the receipt of: the amoney, and she deo clared most positively that the document was -never read over to her, and that she had no idea that it was a pro. missory note. The statement of the defendant was confirmed by the evidence of a gentleman named Greenwood, who appeared to have acted with great kindness and proprietyon behalf ef the defendant, aiud through whose instrumentality ths settlement was ultimratey effected,anda he stated distinctly that the understanding'was that the defendant was to have 501. of the money given to her,, and that thaIpltiff acquiesed in that arrangement. - Mr.Justee a having summed up, The jury iumnediately 'returned a verdict for the defendant. There was an attemnpt at applause when the verdict was returned, which was with difficulty repressed * Upontheapplication of Mrflawcins,his Lordshipordered the promissory note to be impounded. The Courts vill not sit to-day (Monday) until 12 o'clock.
WFSTERR C RO BRISTOL. AUG. 9. 'the only remaiing cause in the list was tried to-day. It was an action of trover for a lease and for the value of a mill, burt Fhe mcatter was not -worthy of the slightest gr. Butt, hIr. Stone, and r. Pridean were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mx. Serjeant lglako, Mr. M. Smitb, ana Mr.Basston for the defendantt This concluded the business of the western circuiit,
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, Aug. 9. (Befor e MEr. BIss, Q.C.) William Cassar, ajias Willims, and John Robins, alias Franks, aged respectively 10 and 22, were indicted for stealinlg a gold watc, of the value of 101., the property of Susannah Bsruce, from her person. Mr. Daly wvas for the prosecution; Mr. Ribton for C.esar, and 3ir. hletcnlfe for Robins. The prosecutrix, an elderly widow lady, residing at 77, Gon-er-street, deposed,-On the 10th of July, a little before 2 o'clock. I left my house, and went as far as Store-street, Bedford-square. The prisoners canme up to me in that street and asked me the way to the railway station at Euston-square. It was Robins that spoke. I told them the way-to turn to the left in Gower-street. They ran off, and Ithen missed my -watch, which I-had looked ata minute before. I thought I would see if it was safe when they ran away, and it was gone from the guazd. I caUed out '- Stop thiefi" I had had the watch many years, and set more value upon it than it was really worth. It might be worth 10l. In cross-expamination the prosecutrix was asked if she knew how the watch was taken. She replied she did not - that was the prisoners' trade, rnot hers. Charlotte Blessly, single woman, of 1, WVilmot-street, said I was on the opposite side of Store-street on the loth of J'uly at the time in question, and I noticed the two prisoners in the mniddle of the street. I saw them go up to the nrosecutrix and speak to her. I kept my eye on Cesar. Bruce did not stand very steady on account -of her age. Caesar "sidled' up 'to her, and I saw his right hand placed under her velvet mntle they both left her suddenly and ran awd-r. -I called ouit "Tble§," and followed them. (laesr tookc off hsis coat and gave it to Robins, and I heard him say, "Take out the content'" Alter this they ran aElittle further, and 1'then topped Rebins, who raisedjhis fist to strike me. I said, "Ytouhave got the ldy's watch." Re said, "XotLI" I said, "You have got it in t.his coat-pocket," and natcsed the coat from him. R[e then ran. awvay, and I went after the other man. Ile ran into Bedfordplace, sat dowu on a door-step, and pretended. to be asleep, holding his head on hisband. I took hold of him, and said,-"You are my-prisoner." Whereuponh gotu, and saidhe would knock me down. I told him he ha stolen the Lady's -watch, and he struck at me, and sent his fist through my arasoL Ihold him till a gentleman came to any assistance. Ee struck the gentleman a violent blow on the face, and struggled with him desperately. A sweep came up, and, had it not been for his assistance, the prisoner must have got away. Re -was makimg off as the -sweep- came up. Re was then taken into custody. -Robins got clear away. When Causar struck at me of course I defended myself. The witness was cross-examinied as to the identity of the prisoners. She was positive they were the two men who spoke to the iady, who, also, was confident they were the same. It appeared that Roboins was apprehended on the 18th of July, when, on being confrontea with tho witness Blessly, she at once identified him. The watch was not recovered. Mr. -IxrTcArB and Mr. RmroNo each addressed the jury, urging that there might be a doubt as to the identity. The jury-found both the prisoners GuiUp. ' - They were well 3;nown to the uolice as belonging to " a szhool' of-the most expert thiives in London.- Robins was brother to "Opera Jack," a name familiar to the detective. police. ri. Bruss senkenced them each to 4 years' penal servitude. -Ann Wheeler, 34, a person most respectably attired, descdibed in the calendar as a married woman and welleducated, vras indicted for stealing a roll of ribanda valu,e 15s. the property of Benedict Palmer Baker, and another. - Mr.. W. J. Payne appeared for the prosecition. Mr. Bibton was counsel foz the prisoner. Alfred George Dowden stated tha' he was as.sistant to the prosecutors, Messrs. Baker and Dowcden, of No. 17, rJ Eaton -ree% Pimlico, dra.ers. On Fiday, the 18th r o ,th prisoner entered their shop, and asked for some -zibanpto mntch a dress 'which she brought with her. A -baskAt was place before her, which contained ribands, and nmong the pieces was the one now uroduced, which the prisoner maz charge 'with baviri stolen. That par- ,ticnkl- Pr me Was gmn about 'a an hour before the piisoner Tae_ tht - sEop. 'She- taebetweerre*and o'clock.. The lirisbnei did t'ma}iafypurcbase, acd ,went aswy. Soon after- 7iuwtant-rom another draprs minthe neighbou fhood,-hbroaglpioee ofribandto the shon. anuden-examining the bsket.theprisoner.-rad-been-lokilg at, that particular piece- 'was mied. Ee-rn id it their property by the pattefi, whiekwas nowd andthe , quality. Probabi the samn :p'attein could foat! b' ' ound :now. They boug~t ~their ribandgin'the-citi and in Pars. LaiubcrtL-arkine, asgistant, toth'ncits,sd,e waited upou the prisoneronA-he>'occuonin ,uestion. She sid she wanted a riband to.suit for trimming a dress. Witness showed her a. r6mhant,: whbi h'netanto suit. She .went out, but returned, and maid. 1e-:wouad, h-ve ethe remnait but when it was measured he, said- it as more thda he i6guirtd, ad 'taelit g aYthing. Witlin an hour -iftirarm 13- lsfh 3 ie, riband was brought b$' zlyotimg miarn, which otieo he ,~~~~~~~~.f , pmpm e:em eiw hen £ws ic he t baset whe it, was, i l-ceT oEfore theF'ri ,on.ber. toakeri of u rtspet-.l:he~ oo?wdas Z~it& i tre.w ithe the Yotin hruin ets ffei her berecognised her at o)nce.,ie,as iked- e..wher -she-, got the pisn;e of riband produced from, and she iaid theh, pidceitauat the.orneriofa- sdreet.uIoSe %y w i.ee,-thi omnibuses stopped. t Witnh e told her where t o otheipes oftherolwats,andshesaidr c w&tabit,i andwe tairs;: constable wasiin aiinwc innh yw ay nt r= n Sdessothed-berselfn heryathc , learn4 rceused`to `j'endedth reoo when the constable requested her1. do sai an conseince o1itM which hie pashedit open. giskwed thea e to jnoauice tche icmai er of the 3ribendr diafte ibandg viern somne-boxes the 'ninsgin I - wa sud, and, anseue6iintlj;, the block it had bee oelse owas ounhd q-ant box. of taldng it roo ehe s op- of un iihe prseaor,anctliad lost The mork hadtheenotaken of it, btLt st of be ing folwd The ctoe-r again said she fsundoit inothe itret,: to Thice -hra f - it was s-very rnlikelomand told-hersho had better ackuowleoge it if she to6kmt off the counter. - TShe then hiad n-statement. s[h e *wtrtsjbcs voluntarily repeated that statement, fhich was tantamount toD ani admission;- but, as ~f ooa not i id 'b evldencd after the r iisoner h ad recerned b ut toeher tomake it,the Court toldthejuyto-whobl.exclude that stierent-fromn their canidertonf] The witmnes thenfrthner- statethat, after 'what t1e -pzsoner ' ai4, gav-e he ito csoy Mnr. itlroN crosa-exaumined.te witii'esses~~ biit the facts' stated int their evidence were not ia,ony way varied.. -In anaddress-to th uyth exe oe-uneconterdadathat th6. idea of the priaoners innocence*man quoite as consistent 'vith the evidence as thatobf her guilt-;far wrhat vaas ihera to show conclusively thapt the prisoner did jiot fihmd the riband whereo Ash stated, o4r that some one else lha&'noit bad an opportunity. o-f takin.g it from the shops of'_:the proSeCntos,aadjjadrloSt it, or had thrown it away, throuzh fear of being follo*Od and detecte-d in the possessionrof xit? . - The wnry found the prisoner Gui~tp, and strongly reccom-` Illended ber to miercy. Mr. PAYiNE, on the part of the prosecutors, joined ia th'e recommrendation. They had no 'wish that she. should be harshly dealt with; but, asntradisetre, they were bound. to protect themselves from these deprcdations - Mr BIS sid-te rioer'ws ecmmndd y h
POLICE. ANSIOx-UeOtlsm--lr. Teale, ot Camden-town, who on Monday last waited upon the LoRD MA2YOR and represented the state of deetitution in which.were l0ofthe aborigines of Walpole Island, Upper Canada, wlto had been induced to coine to this country by'a person unadei the impression that they would have an opportunityof placing&ertain grievanices before the Queen, buts as they'now believed, merely for the purpose of being exhibited in. public, again attended. It will be recollected that the 'person who brought them to England took them to board and lodge at the house of Mr. Teae,- and, after exhibiting them at varioas places of pnblic entertammfien', left them without means of support The LORD IULTYo inquired of M. Teale the cost of sending the aborigines back to Canada? Mr. Teale replied that it could be done for about 601. or The LROD MiLYOR.-I should advise you to endeavour to discover how soon these poor creatures can be sent home. Since you were here last I have corresponded with the Colonial Department, and asked them whether they had any funds at tbeir disposal by means of which the aborigines could be sent home. Mr. Laboucliere tells me that the Colonial Department havo no, funds applicable to this purpose, but he has most kindly enclosed me 51. asa subscri tion of his own towards the expense of sending them ba^k These poor men seem to have been -induced to come to England under the imriression that; they would havo an opporunitv afforded them by the person who brought them over of placing some grievances of which they complain before the (,ueen; but it is evident that they were brought here for the purpose of being exhibited in public. They are like helpless children. There is one thing highly creditable to them, and it would be well if others would take a lesson from it.. They. say that, having given their wordtto the man who brought them that they would do his bidding, they feel they are bound to do nothing except he' consents to it. This is abandant evidence of their :natural simplicity and good faith. You, 21r. Teals, have behaved most kindly towards these destituto persons, and deserve great credit for vour humanity. I will undertake that. the money shaUl be forthcoming to: take- them home, adthough so large in aimount as tiOl. or 701. will be a serions drain upon the poorbox. I bave very great pleasure in handing you 51. as fy owen subscripion towards their. present relief Mr. Tealc, after thanking the Lord Mayor for the kind interest he had taken in the matter, and stating that he would make arrangements to send the aborigines home by the first vessel that sailed for Canada, withdrew. , _. The LOP,D IAYoR requested that the press would aclnowvledge the receipt of the following donLations for the poorbho -.-Frona "It. S." 01.; *S. G. S. )I'the secend halves of two ol. notes. GUSadFALL.-Willial Mairk was brought up before Alderman CiLumss and Sir t. W. CAIIDO chargeawith obtaining a horse, of the value of 20 guineas, from M1r. Gower, of the Horse Repository, Barbican,'by means of false pretences. Mr. Wontner appeared for the prosecution, and MIr. Levwis for the prisoner. It appeared from the evidence that, on Wednesday last, the prisoner went to the repository- and asked to see so me horses, representing that he was a cab-proprietor possessing three cabs and four horses, and that, as- ne of them had died, hq wanted another to replace it. Mr. Gower, believing bis statement, allowed himn to try one for about half an hour when he expressed himself perfeatly satisfied with it. He then stated that he should require one month's credit if he bought it ; and Mr. Gower told his clerk tos"take his bill atone month if he found his statement to be correct. The .-1rieoner accepted the bill, and then requested That a man. might be sent home with the horse to his stabliis, which was complied with. The man took the horsi to a ebrndealer'e in *Westminster, where the prisoner hon-owed a key and put the horse into the stable, representing to'the man that .tbe shopwashis, ,ndtheownerofitwashis manager. The ostler, however, not being satisfied, watched the prisoner's. movements, and saw him shortly after bring the horse out of the stable and offer it to two different people for 9. He went up and spoke to him, whereupon be put spurs to the' horse and galloped away. He subsequently sold the horse' to Xr. Freiman, for whom he had been driving a cab, for! 'le sum of 01. Leonard, a detective officer, took the prisoner into enstody, and told him the charge, when he said he had bought the horse and given his bill for it. He also said Ihe hal represented himself to be a cab-proprietor, and he was no. On the way to the station-house he burst into tear, and saidrehat since beiehd been in Whitecrosa-street prison for debt, his family had thrown him off and would do nothin for him, and the conreqmone was he frequently could not thekehhmearhillisng to niewife andrfamily, and thatfas the hre was follr committed for trial. Cdatherine Thompsonlyas ilaced at the bar, on remand charged with attempting to commit suicide by trSing to throw herself offiLondon-bride. This w oman has been remarkable for the obstinacy with which She refuses to bring forward any of her fxriends to take charge of her, and although Eir t. WY. Carden~ has alway=s assured her that it is9 only in l;indness that he insists on her friends coming forward beforo he will trust her out of safe custody. ,she persists in r-efesi g to'give; ny informhritio tat ting conduct the inagistrates fear that, if she wereto be libe-. rated, she wold stu carry into effect the design upon her own life. When she was placed in the dock-she seemed paler and more deiected than pnuformeroccasions, and, . - -Sir -R. W. CAcDua said,-I amn sorry you still, efuse to gave your nameand address;as-you inighthavt been liberated ion2 ago if yoe woulcd have done so. Ws only want to hand yon over to your friends for your own safety. Yon seem determined not to do so, and the magistrates cannot let you go, because they might hereafter be hlamed for impropriety in letting a person beat large who was not in a fit state to take care of herself. I understand you have a friend near the Maansion-house. If you will send for him I will hand you over to hjim. - The prison;r declined doing so. Sir IL W. CAiRDE.-Yon need rnot fear exposing your friends, for youcansend for,themiprivately;hut ifyou do niot do that I must try, through the medinih, of the pr~ess, to find you r friends for you. The prisoner's face here became dPadlv pale, ^rd then changedtoa odfeep scarlet, hut still she dejlined the worthy another week, and, by the aidof the newUspapers, I hope to hear some intelligence of yor. I have already had numerous applicaions ill consequence of yor case being pub. liaised. ~ ~ ~ ~ a bak ac ige The prisoner is about the 3niddle height, fair comlexion light hair, blue eyes), rather good-looking, thd agood figure, and wears a brown manel i dress, . black cape of the same material, uith a hooi hined with blue silk, straw bonnet, with lace cap, and smill hunches of flowers inside, and trimmed with A breAad white riband with green borders. S;he also wvears a. blacsk lace figured rlBYLEROscg:-4fr. BnouosrroiN- has received -from "J. 3. Williams," C elnbert-illa, Claphamprise (throuah Messrs. Spooner and Co.), bee sum of 2ri. for the poor-bo of -the court. ;'4iuscknoioledgient in 2--Ti1e,ns t as -equested. - - Wx:mSregu.-3llejn Gould was charged with Dlunder-in,g her mistress of a great quantity o:l.earn"napparel alld other property, annd May Ann Allan wvith 'Iminga -accessory. - MNrs. 3Iary Creidland, gf 47, Broipl;on-sqare, stated , that the- prisoner had been for ashort-time inher service as general servant up to Tusaday last.' ,On that evening, about half-pas 0 o'clock, she wren'atedlv rtang the hell for the ptaaz to take awy-the dinere thir~e 5snud, receiving no psiaer, went in questiofJher, aid, fizidiing she hadleft th!ehoase, suspected that sosnlehingwaaireng. lIerfirat isplewas to see whether al her properly was sae,' when onxauininasp,rebedrom the miimaedtihreesk-. ilrcws romit,- ad a qsen tlyosdh lothe'rZ.~e strated rom er seepi~ ena~dthe other rooms, Sloe had sen the psisixer threeq ters ef an hour before sh fs isoveebohv et thbe e l esoume thUat p,ivedy einJ. e h-r in son eriin ;Eeens e Ateet, -wearing one of ,e likrd of thie robbr an bdhthe',tetju'th,ihar prisoner hoe was torgly e -her nt cusodt toldhb shoud give thr in the rof ee o f rohie oF -reidlsped,rwher,n, she dheied allEon ewled t!te e icuimediately,afterarsjne tixeyOa_ wee,n sn& , Qiess- n, Velea pj sones Gould shortly aftrrdcmeotadteitejgetioiint ocab, but tiee s v ent an-h eto f hen--escape throug h nereeofon at theeorner of tre16, psopSe I * Inspetor Ferna,.Ute.dvs6,tdho hwiI ito 26-, Qusen'-gzrdase nF y n eefu~i lre ana-nealy emptW hs ~e'kr f, rs tdath~Cf beologing to prosecuVr2ti ess went at I ;(Saurdy jioringto 16, Herodste,Tt 'couL rt-ro whee he fond the pisonerin bed ae_ chiig the room he discoverbtd" great quantity oE thi 'joperty, and also some dtaicatesof other aztic S .soneer sacd she had sentad tobe pledgedto p - 'Allen forthe cabthat tooihe thing,She adde ot sitr, a proatitiite lvn nC ltesre,-a h esn iwho -ha given her the ch r which o h situation.hete Jamnes Page, 147 B, said be apprehended the prisoner 'Allen on the previons night in Cadogan-place, when shle -aid-sie was aninnooent woman. At thesztation-house her Adughter persuaded b,ertotelwherethbeotherpirswoner wa, und Ae. then-gave the address whichled to ber apprehension. Vr. oLD S said'ho condered that the evidence aPint Allen 'as very triflag.- Inspector Fernansaid heshouldlbeabletostrengihenit. Pdrisonersw er thenremandedetllxiday, but Allewas admaitted to bail.- The f6llowing were Teceivedfor the poor laundress 3s Riqcbards, wvhose case syDoeared in our impression of Xriday : stamups. for 2s. 6cd.; "HI'. Q," the hiist:hbig of a54nt L. W. 82,2615 and "C;Q S.," 21.; acknowledgmenats fwhc -werezeqaested in 291e. 2T22es. Wossn?-srnsv.-enry toke, a yung an-in' th~e service -of Messrs. Trumazn and Hawabury, the brewers, was placed before M1r. DEY=CourT on the followin-g charge of sOnt'aSbn¶syacharg of 'asiult was referred by ite present prisoner against a, youth 3nmdBae,a akt maker inSpitaefiaelGd5s~,t ath escales ofblmeereso evenly balnTcd~etwen he tht te isgstrteordered eaho boay<a:shilhng and d ihg * l thXte iase Thenext day the p nosoner wvas gOing through hater-street, Spitalfields,- when Bskler,-'wh was surrounded by 'a numbcer of acqnnaintaib es as a mnamted Violin said, he was rlarl baited by them, and at length became -so 'knife from his pocket,-and,-holdigi~pai to strike -with it,' declared that if any one camena i he -would stab thiem.. -The- prosecutor w ent behiind him, -with~ the intention of getting the weapon from him, but-theprisoner suspected his moative, turned sharply round, and, seizing him by the waist, stabbed him repeatedlyandrapidlysin thg back, inflicting, it was said, as 3many as five woundls. A weaver name Garfield, who had watched the occurrence fromhiswinow, mmeiatly rn dwn.-and secured the prisner wh atonc cnowedgd tat e had stabbed-tbe youth, and avowed tehsa*t hisionetegnetionha h wads todo ,'adth he was therefore given int o custody,' w hile tho prosecutor was cdonveyed to a surgeon,' b y -whomA his naisvz dressed. inju ass ~~~~~~~were Thae constable handed in a certificate from lit Ci-mpneys, thesurgeoni,stating that iheie werefive woandsin-the prosecutor's bak, one of -them tendinb oadatelns also produced a glacier's lnife,n'which a s found in. the shtreet, with its point brolken off, bnht wMhether from the force of eneof-tneblov,s,- or, aswasin6stprzobable, from being -snapped off on the pavement, could not'7be 'sscer-| A gentlema7n from 1esss Trman en Hianbury's gave had been in tne service of that fum for 11 years. Tile prisoner new acknowledged that , he had -used the knife as descHd, but declared that hehad been threatened with violence by many perons, that he. 'only mneant to intimidate them and protect himsekS and had 3no intention at the time to put it to such a Purpose. - - Mr. D'EYNCOs,rT said that, hoW ever much the prisoner might hveo been provoked, that could -be admitted as no justification for such an outrage, the case must bodecided by- jury, and in the meautime t he prisoner would be- remanded til that day weel-, that the resut of the injuries miight be ascertained. ItamMrsrL-Mr. Sampson Cooper, of No. 1, Trinityplace, Walworth-road, engineer, was charged -before the; Hon. G. C. - NORToN with wilfally destroying 12.of the ornamental lamps and two brass coclks of the value of 20s., the propelty of the Royal Surrey Gardens 3ompany. Mr. George Dlggins, the superintendent of the garden', said, the prisoner had beenpointed out to one of the policemen on duty at the gardens, by a gentleman present 'as a person -who had wilfully destroyed 32 of the ornamental lmps placed along the walks, and was taken into ueasody. The.aie of the property he had set down as 20s., as the object of the company -was not so much to enforce a penalty as to mnake an exampl, sothat their propertyinight be protected from suchwno destruction. I Mdr. George P. Dl)el, agentleman'living'at 121, Cheapside, said ho was a vitor at the Royal Surrey Gardens on the evening -before, and whilfle passing allong one,of the -walks he observed sDme of the lights in advance of him go out, and at thesamemomentaladyinhisconaanysaid, *"Whyheis destroying the lamps." This expression called his attention to the prisoner, whomne observedtogo from sidetoside of the wak- and kilc kthe ornamental lams oDver. He (Ari Ddel) remonstrated witht him upon -so 'wuuly. 'and wantonly destroying the property, and the prisoner replied that he did nothing of the hind, and was waLking towards the entrance of the gardens, for the purpose, no doubt, of leaving,? when he followed, and told a policeman wiat he had witnessed. The constable took the prisoner into costody, and on exa-' minngi the spot seven lampss were found to be destroyed on one siancldfive on the other. Police-constable 488 A deposed that when charged with the offence by the last witness the prisoner's reply was that he mi:ght have stumobled over one of the lamps and turnedl it over, but that was as much as he did. , - i In reply to the charge, the prisoner said he was nite ! *eonscious of having acted in the manner stated by Dr, e being much intoxicated at the time., His assertion of drunkenness was contradice by all the; witnesses, and Br. NonToy remarkedthat, if it were even so, the ers defence did not serve him, as it would be only addng a harge of drunkenness to that of wilful da e Themagistrate, after commenting with just 'severity on the improprietyof hs conduct, orderedl the prisoner to pay 35s.- theo amcalamount of. damage-or be mprisoned, wvith hard :AlbertRobert Eartland, who has been in custody for nearly a fortnight, was charged with hiring ho-ses and gigs at various livery stables in the metropolis, and drising them into, and disposing of them in, the country. When taken into custody, the prisoner said he supposed 'h shuld get six year for his offence,. and that ho had got aout 300Z. worth altogether. . He was fully committed on three clear cases selected from a great many to be tried at the Surrey Sessions.
TO TmHv BDITOB OF THE T=IMS. Sir,-In the report which appears in 7we 27im&s oft-h;i morniAno of " Salter v. the Athenamm Insurance Assclation 'r Salterandhiscounsel both state thathewas formerly general manager of-the Equiitable Flire-ofuce. Allow me, Sir, tosy that this is not correct. 2,fr. Salter was empIoyea by this company as traveUing agent for the frst nine or ten months after the commencement of business, bat never had at any time any share in the management of tbe company. Youfr insertion of this Ietter wvill greatly oblige, Sir, Your obedient servant, .A-tsCIBALD CAMPBELL BARCLAY. Chmirmun- Equitable.Tire-office, 70, Cannon-street-west, Aug. 9. i - II
THE GREA4T BETL FTO. THE NE1 PALACE AT W eSTnLNsTnn.-The picturesque village of Norton, near Stockton-on-Tees, on the morning of the 6thintst, was the seene of an event of conside-able national interest, the cesting of the great bell for the Clock Tower of the Xe* Palace at Westminster, -which was accomplished at Medewrn Warner, Lucas, and Barrett's frnaceg, by Mesas. Warner and Sons, of the Crescent Foundry, Jewit-street% Londoeb well known as the patentees of an improved Lnethod of -casting church and turret beLs The mould has been in course of preparation for the last six weeks, and two -farnaces, capiblo of m=elting 10.-tons of metal each, have beea built expressly for the purpose of. casting this maonsezbell.- T'he hvole of the nignt prencios was a scene - ef busy industry, and arly ina the morning, the furnaces having attained the requtite heat, their doorsm were -opened, and the operation of.. charging,, or plutting in the metal commeneed, eccupying about one hoer, and in lees Ahain 2l hours the whole uf the r 1ta required (18 tons) was Tn- pfect sSato f fusion. AtAthe. sinal being given, the funacesawere t*ped, and the metal:zowed ,rom them iato btohold itI b admitted into the b= movild; Ai *hater or gia WLte i liftek -zim the =etalsilowked to IloV, which in fR*emniYnute comp,eted the cing of the b4, the SUOcefnl irminatiou ef -whih abted sl present, who eedialy joined th* w.rkpeopae int. b hee a h- yIM- . - - '
A Rsnn2 SM} S.-TWo vess6Ls of the MersLe3' line,'iz., the Iaay Westmor1and, for Welbonrne, ifie. 3,600tons cargo and 30 pasengers, and the Dandonald. for Sydney. with the very laige cargo of 2,500 tons and 30 passengers, both sailed on Ihesday last from L;verpooL The Acadia for Melbourne (a splendid slip of npwarasof 2,000 tons register), anitheJames Cheston (a fine Raltinoreclipper), for Sydney, belonging to the sameiline, will botlh be despatched on the 25th c. thIs month. We anderstald that the fittings and ventilation of the Acadia, which is now loading in Coburg Dock, xre peculiarly well worthyof -notice. Upwarcs of 1,800 tons of cargo and a large nmnberof passengers are already bookled for this splendid craft which, with few exceptions, is the largest vessel ever laid on for the Australian colonieg, her capacity being equal to 8,500 tons of mewsnremnent.-1ivpooE Dal>ty Post . - tvEnOO,, Augulst 9.-The Britishl and North Anuerizan mail steamsl4p .Afr.i>, took her departure benzce for 1l'ew York to.dav, 'with 84 passengers, a laige cargo, and Fte usAal maiL syevenng -,he,' workshop of Mfessrs. Barrett and Co., rope and sacking: -mainfasturers, Bioester, was burnt down, and Mri. Baet; sen., a horse, and most of the stock fell a prey -to the confiageation. It arose from the boiling over of a furna^e .of pitch'which was in use at the time. It appears-hat'Mr. Bearrettperis'hedin an attempt. to save the horse. When broughtfrom the burning rtiss la was chnrse and. mnrecognizable. [Advertisement.1-Crystal Palace, StationerifConr.- The Ordnance rma5 of nkaMn Emcand, and elanSi, epocsien, sheets of each scale-vim.,1, 12 !and6 Oinches per,e are xbib-- itedon theeastwalU oftbs cour, w c ogues grati AC. Althngh famui'r by name. few persons know tase nmaitude or mtrisi-c vaaueo of thigregt work, em'brscng 3,&% sabeet. each repireectine- a swe a of newrly 10 miles at Se. For miliway ceevanuem laadboYders, acx gennen of Property, Portions are pT'lon spring rolle, c oen the board- joo library, or l.; 'ior srescre. oncanTASe sons6 snadewaterrooft; for deldmesaanrg and fartsonrtsk- mnonted in ocketcases.Theabore,-withalother maps. 'rts. anD-gukdes 'for Fuglan&or the Continet, analso openforin.pertio and sie:at the advertiec Letts, Son, and Oo., mp agents wo Her 3Nt,ie Bomadof Ordnance, S. Boral Exchacge [Advertisement.]-Oite l2thiJa- aSeries of StereoJCcopiO cecamers a the "Winter's wae" (no cxqsi*telyr- AOd Dps the stge by Xr. and Mm.X een) wm be pWbishl& by-th.e-Ia. gtemo.ew3c p h, OA. Z, Oifesd-aistt! hoe ESreaew:iloemreben thapsfpml bderS thu . gcagSom'5QO tece,' and each subj~ec wil be exrlsd 2r dueedipva letSpa wt uitiors,a aranwilife heus dame and be aitfala sdeatlfhl slaed. _U _k }h s, at La Peal mbod iggat. the in et e snw S;A iuamL * . - . , F
MI1LITARY and L N-AAL 1N2ELLIG,', Her majesty's despatch steams-vessel Banshee, tje.1tenantCommander like, axived at Spithead yes.terday morming from the Mediterranean, Cadiz, and 1Lbon. She reports the loss ofthe Clarendon stea3r trxsport on the 30th ult., baving sprn a leak near Ladis on her passage home with the following freight :-Lieutenant Graham, 10 men, and 11 lhorses, of the Royal Engiaears; Lieutenant Eagee, 73 men, und G5 horsces, of the Lelnd Transpoie Corps; Lieutenant Sildohl, 6a men, and 7 hoxses, of the 72a Highlanders - Lieutenant Chichester, llmen, and 11 horse;, of the 506h 3Foot, and others. He was obliged to transfer the whole of her troops into the French merchant ship Constance, fron Havannab, without any loss of life, we are happy to add. lieutenant Bridgen (staff) and Lieutenant William Magee, of the land Transport Corps, who were passengers by the Clarendon, have arrivedin the Banshee, and report that the CUlarendon was obliged to be run ashore to the north of Cadiz, where she remained uutil the follow. ing day. The Banshee and a Spanish ateamer then got her off, and towed her to the top of Cadiz-bay, where she grounded, with nine feet of wvater in her hold. Several horses were killed, and many injured on the night of the gale (30th ult.). The trOops being safely transferred to the French ship, four English oficers remained on board the Clarendon to give orders about the horses. Lieutenant 3lagee and 44 men have arrived at Spithead in the Banshee, tahen out of the Constance at Cadiz; the other detachments remained on board that ship, which was to be towed to Gibraltar. Her captain behaved in the kindest and most handsome manner, and rendered every assistance with his own beats. An Austrian brig also remained by the Clarendon till she saw the crew and troops of both ships safe. The officers remaining at Cadiz on board the Constance are:-Lieutenant Graham, RE.; Tieuttenant Brock, 82d; Lieutenant Chichester, 50th; Lieutenant Robison, 50th; Iieutenant Burke, 18th; and a Highlandjregunent officer (nameunknown to our informant); Cornet Collins, Land Transport Corps; VeterinarySurgeon Western; andAssistant-Veterinary-Surgeon Salter, of the Staff. Her Majestfs ship Royal George, 101, Captain Robinson, arrived at Spithead on Saturday morning fiom the East (as announced in our Second Edition) with the following officer. and troops of the 82d and 50th Rements :-824Lieutenant-Colonels Roberson and Hale, Major Watson, Captains Glynn, Isaac, Marriott, Halliday, Farmar, Baiie Barren, Warren; Lieutenants (and Adjutant) Mylnes, White Pilkington, Wilkinson, Hand, Linton, Hensley; Ensign Couper, Surgeon Fowler, Assistant-Surgeon Jacob, QuartermasterClinton, 751 non-commisdoned officers and privates. 50th Regiment-Colonel Waddy, Captains Barnes, Hebden, and Blackall; Lieutenant Clarke; Ensigns IR. M. Bares and Alltrnsen; Adjutant Goff, Quartermaster J. Turner, Paymaster J. lNowlan, Surgeon Warren, Assistant-Surgeon Davies, 330 nou-commissioned officers and privates. The Austrian steam-frigate Radetzky, 31, Captain Preu, from the Mediterranean, last from Ferrol, arrived at Spit. lead on Satnrday morning, and saluted the national flag and the Port Admiral, which compliments were duly acknowledged by Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour and Major-General Breton, to whom the chief officers were presented yesterday by 3t Vandenbergh, Austrian ViceConsul at Portsmouth. The frigate is a very fine one (we believe she is English built, by Wigram, of Northam) mounting 26 30-pounders, four 60-pounders, and one 48pounder. Her complement is, captain, commander, nine lieutenants, one lieutenant-constructor, two lieutenants of artillery, three officers of marines, 13 cadets, and eight engineers; her crew numbers 372. The Commodore of the French squadron, mentioned in our Saturday's report, attendedbyl 00 of his officers, visited the dock-yard at Portsmouth on Saturday, and received every attention from Admiral Superintendent Martin and Staff. The French and Austrian officers will attend a grand sofec at the Sing's rooms, Southsea, this evening, where they wiUl be met by the authorities and the principal inbabitants of Portsmouth. The Drobak transport (Norwegian ship), from Constanti. nople; the Mermaid convict ship, with returned convicts from Gibraltar; and the John ltasterman, transportN lo. 13, Captain 'eVicar, from the Black Sea, with stores, hc., arrived at Spithead yesterday; and the Blenheim Indiaman Captain Atkinson, sailed for Calcutta; and the Durham steam transport for Lisbon, Her Majestys ship Brilliant, 20, Captain Paynter, left Spithead on Saturday evening for the West Indies. The 3d, 10th, and 11th companies of the Royal Sappers and Miners arriv-ed at their head-nau-ters, Chatham, on Eaturday from the Crimea, being the last detachment of that corps from the late seat of war. The authorities at the Horse Guards having determined on organizing a field equipment corps, to be attamched to the corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, extensive additions are being made at Brompton-barracks, Chatham, for the accommodation of the horses and men, it being deemed desirable to have the men quartered as near their horses as possible. The Gorgon, 6, paddlewheel steam-sloop, Commander George W. Towsey, lefa Sheerness on Saturday with the officers and crew of the Edinburgh for Devonport. At 8 a.m. on Saturday last Captain Halsted commissioned the Edinburgh at Sheerness. Captain Halsted saluted the flag of the Commander-in-Chief, Vice-Admiral of the White, the Eon. William Gordon, which was returned by the Waterloo, Captain Lord Frederick Kerr. The Insolent gunboat is ordered to be transferred to the Board of Trade, to proceed to Ceylon for the purpose of being employed in the construction of a light-house on the Gzeat Basses rocks off Ceylon. An Admiralty order has arrived at Sheerness for the Argus, six paddlewheel steam-sloop, Commander Richard Purvis, to strip ship, return aU stores, dismast, and to be 'ready to be pad off on the 26th inst. This sloop, during the sicsness of her crev in the West Indies, bad 44 cases of yellow fever and 12 deaths. The Plover gunboat, Lieutenant Commander Keith Stewart, was put out of dry dock at Sheerness on Saturday last, and is now completing her fittings to proceed to Ceylon, in company with the Insolent. The uncertainty in which the Lords of the Admiralty have of late kept the officers and crews as to the destination of the ships on their being commissioned having been found prejudicial to the service, by seamen hesitating to volunteer for shinDs when the pendant is first hoisted, and the fitting of such ships very much protracted, in many cases so much so that seamen riggers have been sent f-om other ships in port to complete their equipment, and such ships have had to be manned by draughting from other ships in port, their Lord. ships have decided in future to announce, on any ship being commissioned, her destination. Should any alteration take place (except for secret service), the alteration is to be immediately made known. The Royal George, 102, screw steamship, Captain Robert S. Robinson, is ordered to be strinped and paid of, and then to be placed in the steam squadron of reserve under the charge of Captain Halsted, of the Edinburgh, and is hoarly expected at Sheerness from Portsmouth. The steam transport Minna, Captain S. B. Penn, arrived at Spithead yesterday evening from the East with the fol. lowing officers, troops, and civilians :-Major 1H. Gray, of the 21st Fusileers (in command) ; Captains Handyside and Cheese, of the Staff; Captain La Touche, of the 98th ; StaffPaymasterThomas; Lieutenant Pettigrew; Cornets Smith, Langton, and Churcher; Adjutant Wohimann; Quartermaster MIfMahon; Staff-Surgeon Black; 13 sergeants, one trmnpeter, six corporals, 88 privates, and 141 civilians. The iron screw steam storeship Himalaya, Commander Benjamin P. Priest, went from Plymouth Sound into Bamnoaze, on Thursday. She was docked at Keyham the same day to have her defects made good. - The screw s hoamhi Jamnes Watt, 91, Captain Talavera V. Amen, was towed Fron Plymouth Sound into Hamoaze on Thursday. The screw steamship Sanspareil, 70, Captain Astley C. Key, went from Plymouth Sound into Hanoaze, on Saturday. The crew of the Amethyst, 26, got topsail-vards up on Saturday, at Devonport, She is being rigged with all despatch. The Despatch, 12, was taken into the basin dock at Devonport on Thursday. The troop-ship Belleisle, 6, Commander James Hosken, * ad her masts taken out at Devonport on Saturday. Her crew are to be paid off on Wednesday. The naddlewheel steam' sloop Inflexible, 6, was commnsoned at Plymouth, on Tuesday, by Commander Corbett. The Cambridge, 78, is ordlered to be put in commission at Plymouth as a gunnery ship, in glare of the se shiP Edinburgh, 60, CaPtain Richard S. Hewletterwsel The steam tranortu No. 223, went from Plymouthsound into Homoaze on tiatrday. The following appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiramlty:- ieutenant T. R. Smith, to the Highflyer; Lieutenant E. J. Pollard, to the Cnsar;- Lieuten-ant W. B. Pauli, to the Act-son; Lieutenant W. il. l-ee, to the Victory; A- T. :French, midshi Man, to the Thighflyer - Richard W. Ward, mnaster, to the Aetribution; J T. W. rme,sugo,t the Fisgard; E. MCloley as surgeon, to the Sealark - A. L Archer, assistant-suegeon to the Impre gable ; Frederck A. Price, acting asgstaunt-ugeon, to the Highflyer; Anhdrew Farmer, master's assistant, to the Actenl Frederick Hlunter, Master's aIs)stfmt, to the A ctaion. Anth A-,of NArY CLU-.Thh e grandl stairease of the Army andl Navy Club is about to be enraiched by the erection of a. memorial window, in comme-moration of officers who ha~ve fallen in differenit engagerments The * widow, which will be in theo Venetian-Rifin style., win be com-uosd of brilliant out glass On the Window wil be =WMedlins exhibiting the names and dates of the battles, -tiathe al-as of the club. The arehitraveswui beeof Sienna marble, with pneld of black marble, on which wil be lnacribed, in letters of gold, the names of the officers com. nsrgatod ,
: OYAL YAOH: SQUADBOX IIEGA.TTA. COWFi.:, AUG. 10. Yesterday, the elements being .propitious, it was determnined by the commiCtce to start the yachts for Her Ma- jestys Cup. The usual signal was made, and the yachts. took their stations. It was a matter of great congratulation amongtheloversof yachingamusements that the cornmitteo had postponed this race from Thursday last, for, instead of the thing rsolving itself in a mere difting match, being at all times a most unsatifactory way of disposing of a valuable prize, they had to-day a wind, and plenty of it, to their heaztd content. Neve was there a more favourable opportunity, and therefora the race was looked to with no small amount of interest. The race was for Her IajesWs Cup, by schooners under 200 tons belonging to the squadron. The following were the Yachts. Wan's. Owners. Flags. Lala Rookh .. 12 Viscount Bangor Blue star and crescet Urania . 140 SirA.Bannennan Whiteandredebecked Cecile 190 Marquis of COnYng- BIunq whit,- and- red ham Glorina. 13. Mr.J. Gee Redandwhite vertical Columbine .. g0 Captain Smith Barry Wbite with colnmbine Viling o.. . 110 Colonel stirling Blue lotus - I&S Earl Vane Wbhitewhh5 dots. The course is what is known as the Queen's Cup Corsoe, from Cowes to the Nab Light, thence to Yarmoluth, and baeck to Cowes. Notwithstanding the very favourable state of the weather, the Cecile, Columbine, and Lotus deelined to Start, consequently the race was left to the Laa Rookh, Gloriana, Viking, and Urania. At five minutes before 10 o'clock the signal gan to make ready was fired, and the preparatory ensian was displayed from the Royal yacht steamer Semaphore. Punctualy at 10 o'clock the starting gun was fired, and scarcely had the sound of the report ceased to echo than the Lulla Rookh soon began to show her bowsprit ahead, and in a minute the was al alive, going with a spanking breeze to the eastward; topsails were soon set, and she had evidently made up her mind at least to show them how things ought to be done. The Gloriana followedimmediately, the Viking and lUrania jogging along comfortably together. The order in which they started remained unchanged, -i7t on coming abreast of Ryde pier the Lalla Rookh had gained an advance of nearly a minute and a half of the Gloriaa, both vessels being most admirably sailed. Inconsequence of the thickness of the weather we were nable to wateh them round the Nab Light, but we were informed that the two leading vessels rounded as follows:- h. 3n. s Ia'la lookh .11 2 0 Gleriana .. 11 27 30 Tne Vildng and IUrania were considerably astern, and were not timed. On the return to Ryde they were timed as follows b.m.a uanagOokh ..5.. .. .. . 11 53 0 Glorina.. 11 s 30 Vikixg .12 s 0 Urania. 12 12 45 The Lalla Rookh had been falling off in her speed after passing No-man, while the Gloriana appeared to be well up to berwork throughout, for, taking advantage of this off the quarantine grou d at Motherbanir, she took the first place, and weathered her hitherto leading opponent. Thi was most humiliating to the lalla, and she resorted to a most desperate effort to regain her lost position. In an evil moment it was resolved, when nearly off Osborne-house, to make a tael;, which had not the desired effect, and only tended to throw her still further astern. The Gloriana was by no means disposed to follow her example, for she kept on her straight course, and received her reward, heading the Lalla Rookh by four minutes, inasmuch as they arrived abreast of Cowes-castle on their way up the Solent as under Gloriana .12 52 0 Lailah Iookh .12 56 0 The others were, to use a familiar expression, "nowhere," andtheracewas -rirually reduced to a mateh between the two abovenamed vessels, who now proceeded up the Solent towardsYarmouth. TheViking some time afterendeavoured to follow their example, but, on reaching Stoney Point, near the Lepe River, she got ashore, and it was some time before she could be got off again, putting her chances of the race out of theques'jon. When theU=raia got abreast of Newtown she struck her flag and gave up all further share in the contest, leaving it to the Glorias. and Lalla Rookh. The Lalla Rookh, on proceeding up the Channel, held a v d wind; but the Gloriana had obtained such a le that a stern chase under such circumstances was a most lasting one, and with the proverbial and usual results. The Gloriana could not be overhauled, although her rival succeeded in gaining two minutes upon her after passing the station vessel at Cowes. The extreme western point of the course having been gained by the Gloriana, she rounded the mark boat two minutes in advance of the Lalla Rcokh, and then she had a clear run down to Cowes. After a most exciting and beautiful run down the river, the Gloriana succeeded in first reaching the winning point, and the usual gun fired proclaimed her the winmer. No sooner was this heard than her crew gave loud and hearty cheers. The time, as taken officially at the Clubhouse, was an follows 1I. m. l; G'oria. 3 54 25 r la"ooL .. 3 s5 30 thus terminating one of the best races witnessed at this regatta for many years, the Gloriana only winning b one minute and five seconds over a course extending nearly 50 miles. It is beheved by rany that, had it not been for that unfortunate tack made nearly opposite Osborne-house, the Lalla Rcokh would have had the prize, as her position previous to that was most favourable. The Glorians,nevertheless, with a wind is an extraordinary vessel, and is, we are informed, one of the practical results of the introduction of the lines of an American yacht into this country, with such modifications and alterations as experience suggested to Mr. Ratsey, her builder. As the Cecile andthe Lotus did not start, of course theprivate bet as to their respectie superiority has not been deter- mined, and we have not heard when it is lkey to take place. Mr. Gee was for the third time declared the winner of Her Majesty's most beautiful prize. It was manufactured by Messrs. Hunt and Roskell (late Storr and Ifortimere, of Bond-stTeet, and is quite worthy of that eminent firm. It is decorated so as to accord with the object of the presentation. On the body is a basso-relievo representing Alfred the Great inciting the Saxons to attack the Danes at sea and prevent their landing. From the successful issue of tins exploit may be dated "he naval supremacy of Great Britain. On the opposite side to this is the dedicatory inscription :-" Presented to the Royal Yacht Squadron by Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, August 1856." The handles of the cup are formed of coral, sea sfells, and lotus, and these also form the decorations of other portions of the vase. On thefoot are four sea birds beautifullymodelled-the albatross, the stormy petrel, the seagull, and the guellemotan; and on the cover, as an appropriate finh, sits the figure of Britannia, with her helmet, shield, and Srident, indicative of her rule. Whether as regards the execution, or the exceeding fitness of the subject, or the elegane- of the vase itself, this has been pronounced to be one of the most elegant and sucessful of modern prize cups, and most heartily has Mr. Gee been congatulated on its possession. The cup has been modelled by r. T. Brown. Mr. Gee has had the good fortune to be the winner with the GloasM= of two other cups, given by Her Majesty in 185S and 1855. I
FiRa AT CA3sBInwELL.-On Saturda~y morning last, about 8 o'clock, a fire, attended with a considerable destruction of valuable property took p lace in the extensive oil, clu,and Italian vrarehouse belonging to Mr. R. Furness, staeat No. 17, Triangle, Southampton-street~, Camberwell. The building; in which the maisfortune commenced containea nearly a dozen rooms, and the lower warehouse was filled with property. From careful inquiries mnade it appears that, while some of the inmates were in their beds asleep, the shopman, upon going into the front warehouse, found the place on fire. He immediately raised hn, alarim, andl after considerable trouble the occpants were enabled to effect a safe retreat, but not, howe-ver, until the whole of the stock in trade became encircled in flame. The engines of the parish, three of the London Brigade, and that of the West of Englaind Insurance-office, were as speedily as possible on the spot; and a good supply of the Southwa.-k Company's water having been procured from the mains running through the district, the firemen under the direct-ion of the foreman went to wvork in a most - lPraiseworthy manner, and, wvith the aidl of a lag WoY of lured assistants, they managedi to get pereect ,Control o-ver the lire, but not until tile whole of the stock in trade andl the premaises were totally destroyed. Owing to the lar-e quantity of carathine, saltpetme and, gunpowder on tieNroperty, the 'Whole toGok fire aluost simultaneously, an~ only a few mninutes passed before the w'hole of the prewises presented nothing short of a tremendous sheet of flame. At, one t-ime a fearful explosion threw the whole neighbourhood into alarm, hut -we are happy to say that not any one in the house or near it sustainedl the slightest Personal inury. The total loss is thuas officially returnea to the mnsurance offices thss (Monday) morning by Mr. B3raidwood :-"No. 17, Triangle, Southamipton-street, Camaberwell-Mr. E. Furness,, oil and coloulman. The house of nine rooms destroyed by fire and explosion. Insured - the contents in the Royal Exchange, and the builiding in the fhceuix-office. No. 18-Mr. T. Lambert, baker. Flooring and joisting in front shop burnt, and furniture considerably damaged by water and removaLl. nsurance unknmown. No. 4, opposite side of the street-Mr. J. Beswiclr, milliner. Building and contents insured in the Royal Exchange Fire-office. Shop front mnuch damaged by fie o. o the opposite side of the street-Mr. C. WetonL,0ragmerchant. Similar damnage to pe is.Insurance not known. The prmies belonging to Mrx. W. Hammond, licenevitalr also have had the front scorched, and several sguares of plate-glass broken by the intense heat-. Insured in the Union Fire-offlee.'" JA-wss SAr.rm-Iln addition to the papers already publishedl respeting the case of James Sadleir- (such as thfe warrants for his arrest, &c.), there have- just -been issued copies of the informations and warrant against him, aLnd of the bill of inclictment found against him, and the names of the witnesses andl the finding of the grand jury thereon. The pr commences withia opy of the informim+inon of WMilriam_ Kelly and that of Austin FerralL. A copyi of the bench warrant of the Lords Justices of Aissise oft teLeicester Circuit follows, authorizing and ordering the aprehesion ofh body of J&mes Sadleir, an accused of' consiray (iththelate John Sadfleir, the suicide) to chet ad efrudtheliglish shareholders and depositors of arg sus othir moneyenby fals pretenjees Theni cmsa cp of th indicmet, which contains eight. counts, an onwhic a trme bill has fie~ found bythse grand jury.
THE ART-UNIONS. The two urincipal Axt-Unions of this country-namely, the " Lond^n" and the "Glasgow," have just opened, for the season, the galleries containing their respective prizes. By the constitution of the London society the prizeholder is bound to choose the value of his prize (save in the case of statuettes, &c.) from one of the exhibitions of the current year, and hence the collection which is now shown at Suffoll-street consists of works that have been already seen, rsng in value from 101. to 2001. The chief prizes this year ar e h "Old Bridge near Pela, in Piedmont," by Mr. G. E. Ifering, from the British Institution, and "Shades of Autumn," bv Mr. A. W. Williams, from the lNational Institution. The pictures altogether, including the watercolour d.rawings, are 159 in number. The Art-Union of Glasgow, which exhibits at the gallery of the Old Water-Colour Society in Pall-mall east, is constituted on a different principle. The society itself makes a collection of pictures, and the subscriber, instead of gaining a money-ticket-as in the London Union-to be expended in the galleries already opened, wins a right of choice from the collection already made, the value of tho prizes depending on the degree of priority vhich they confer. Under this constitution the Glasgow society is enabled to order pictures for its own purposes, and -the exhibition of the present year, besides the ordinary number of works already seen inLondon and theprovinces, is distinguished by a new work of such uncommon merit, that the gallery is likely to have an interest far beyond the circle of those hvho court fortune in that pictorial form which modern usage has allowed her to wear. The worl;, which is by 31r. Thomas Faed, is entitled, "' Conquered, but not Subdued," and in subject and in treatment will remind every one of the happiest creations of Wilkie. A Scotish peasant woman has punished a contumacious son by "putting him in the corner," and affects to be absorbed in her domestic avocations, though her compressed lips and the gneral expression of her face recounther sense of a victory in the cause of order. On the other han d, the dogged, sur1N countenance of the nrchin shows that though he is conqoueed he is not subdued. A little sister, who stands by the mother's knee, seems half inclined to sympathise with the culprit, while in another arb of the room a big brother and sister are manifestly ex=Fting at his defeat. Tat the gradation of feeling may be pursued down to zero, another urchin sits on the floor so thorou;hly intent on a mess of pottage and on a dog, w ho seems mclined-to-share it with hsim, that he totallyignores thevwar and its results. The Glasgow society has also ordered a " landscape and figures," by Messrs. AntdeU and Creeawics, which is hung up in an Iunfinished condition. In the collection genewrally the IScottish element prevails.
I RED DBER I- THE HIGHLAADS. TO THE EDITOi OF THE TDIES. Sir.-I notice uinder the above head in your columns of yesterday a letter which is calculated to injure the popu. larity of the landed proprietors in the district of Braemar; but I beg to give that letter the most unqualifled contradiction, as being void of facts. I have Imown the district and every man and woman in it for 30 years, and I pay more money to the zevenue than all the district Dnt together, and am also a tenant, and have been so for the ast lOyears. In that periodlhave known only one manwho emigrated, and fortunato for him and his poor family it was that he did so; his small plae was not suicient to keep him and a very numerous family, and he consulted, me on the subject, and I strongly recommended him to emigrate. Ho had fallen into arrears with his Iandlozd (Invercauld), who is the largest proprietor in the district, and one of tho most dkindhearted and liberal men I know, ancd he at once entered into hisviews, forgave him all his arrears, arnd over and above advanced hima liberal sum in money and clo'hing to assist him. The mans name is Alexander Coutts, late of Monaltrie. I saw the poor man with his -wife and 12 httle ones, the youngest only a few months old and the eldest 16 years, go on board the vessel, and saw the man count them, pointing to each with his finger, as one woulL do at as many sheep, as they ascended the vesseLs The cause of ths ws tb one of them Was missed on arriving in Aberdeen, whero none of theml-ad ever been before, but was afterwards found. I was very glad to find from letters received only a few weeks ago bvCoutws friends, that he now has overcome all his diffictLuties, has 12 milch cows, value 260g., sad 700t. in the bank. Instead of hundreds of removals, which vould s inferred from your correspondent's letter, I do not thik thero hava been six the last 30 years, in all cases occasioned by their own wish to benefit their circinnaances; andin justice to the proprietors of the district, sad that they may not suffer from your pow-erful Lash, I trust yout illgve theso few vimpesfoct lines a corner, and -- ; I am, Sir, your obedient servfant - A TENANT IN THE DISlI- OF CRATIB .AD BRARMA^ Angel Jote], Liverpool, Arg. B.
£XR0UTIo2 ,I . - - EXEO1JTON ~OF -Tov1pI- On Saturday at noon William Dove, who wars convictid at the i-st asires for pOLsoniu his wife by stryuchnine at I eeds, ws executedin front of York Cstle. The number of tators is estmated 'variously at from 10,000 to Dove partook of the Sacrament oniFriday evening aeordingtotheWes eyan foran. The Re;,. J.. Hartley and Mr. wrEightremasnwi'thbaan.drng the whole of tfie nighti The early part wag devoted to prayer and reaig the Scriptures. Shortly after midnight fhe connict threwr himself upon; his pallet, bat his test ws disturbed, and after dozing for less than an hour ne rose, and ill an excited manner demanded of his spiritual adviser to know -what he could do to se a soul that he had not ilready done. Ctdr. Harley, observing his tre i dationbofmanner,semindedlalm of the "cThie upon te | Cm," and ured. him That ter meoe of God wasa nevert denied to a repentantosinner. Dove said he examdley alluded to was that of x " thiePf onlr, while he rimgelf| -was a "murderer,''- ad he feared beyond all hope of redemption. Mr. Wnght nd m r. e rtleo addressed such observations to the culprit as seemed calculated to soothe a him, and presentlo after Dlove cdlled upon hLss to I moin himc in sndging a Weeyan hyn. The re- quest waKs acceded to, and at .3 o'clock on Saturday | Dornina the convict.a the oficers of th prion presenbo and t;he genrtlemen Sbove alded to, were heard sing incI choru several hymnf s froma Wesley4 a collection- At ca4breik- Dove p1rtook of breakfast, of-se ich he ate spaDrine a id 'clock, accompanied by the governor of the gaol y er nioble), the deputy-overnor (Mr. Green), Mr. Wgeht, ad some few ofrers, the convict was removed from ihe condemnned cell in 'which he had hith'erto been confined to an apartment closely adjokp that portion of the prison'where he woas to suffer. The culprit bore oup pret-ty well during the morning, and ath oclockwote theuollowingadescriptioe of his state of mind, whichhehandedotoMr. Wright:- "Sm. to ll a.m., Aug. 9, 1S56. "Dear Sird,--nIplace entire confidence in the blood of Jesus Christ His Soin u hich eleanseth from all sin,candI feel great comfort from hap. 40, v. 2C1e-3l, and chat. 41, v. 10, 13,14, of the prophet y sarita "WSoo}2te Dovh." Besides the prison of ficias, whe rem. J. 1rey,rsWeel an minister, York, and intr. Wright, of gadnchester, the ardson philanthropist, sat i,it h the unhaipymaf dfgica. nightthe former till 4 o'clock on Satordny mornuing, wrhe Mar. Wrght took up the further adminis ration of spiritual consolation to the coriinal, who appeared quiteseigsed to his fate, thnoroughly conscious t;hat he muost die, penitent, anld exceedingly prayerful. The workmen usually engiaged for the purpose commenced the operation of erecting the wallowrs soon after daybreak, and at a-quater to 6 o'clock the culprit was removed from the condemned cell to a roomn i close contiguityto the scene of his last sufferings upon earth. Hie was acromnp.ed by M2r. Noble, the govenorkof the Castle, ando cr. Wrioht, ad avlked across the Castleard wit a -irm and rady ste e wvas calm and coalected, and his general demeanour much resem bled weat was noticed of ahi durng his four daS triaL. Soon after Dove had quitted tEe condemned cell, rhich looks into the plot of ground where murderers executer at tork Castle are interred, tho gravedigter arrived, and t sroie proceeded to execute his office. As earlyas 7 'clock in the morning agroup of from60O to 100 people had tak;en up a position en te iron railing at at St. George's-field, and iediately in front of the drop, where they remained for five hours, to witnegi the esecttion, As the morning advanced the crowd continued to augment, and by about half-past 11 it had become very dense. At this time the weather, which had been previoury fine, though rther Cloudy and threatenin, changed for rain, which caine down heavily during the e uecution and the remainder of the day. The rain did nut at all stop the influT of spectators. At 20 minutes to 12 o'clock the under-sherito er. W. Gray, arrived at the Castle, and made the usual demand for pte body of t condemrned man for execntion. At afew minutes before 12 o'clock, the hour of exeaution at York Dove was removedlfromethe room i which he had pase the forenoon to another room nearer the drop, where he was piniioned. Dove was no way altered from his apuesrauce at the trial Hs face bore the same healthy hue,ad his mranner was calm and collected. He stepped upon the platform with firmness and deliberation, and immediately thued round to the Rev. J. Hartley, who read the prayers for the dead. He then shook hands with wir. Pashley, f lr NSoble, Xfr. Hartley, and Mr. Wright. MIr. Barret, his soucitor, was with him up to this time, and Dove, ,while heing inioned, helidg by the hfnd. At fsis junlcture Mr. :Baret availed himse]f of an oppority of ashking D)ove if there wvas anythi in the seatement he had made on Thursday which he wished to alter or correct? Dove repLed ith great earnestness and a- pehranceiof sincerty, "Not a nordc itcis stricty true." Dove subsequently turned to Mr. Barret and s id, "ha Barret, tell my poor mother T die happy." These were the last words he uttered, except in prayer In aminuteortwoafterwardsthe Catle clocktolledforth the fatal hour, and the sunal procession was formed, and proceeded throuh thegrand jury room, and thence along a dreary-looking pessag,c leading to the door through wthich the aretched cbmmnsl reaches the drop. In addition to the haloerdiers, the executioner, and other offficials, the nder-sherHif, the rf ev. J Hartley, MrC Wright, and Mfr. Noble appeared on the scaffold wvith the culprit. s the procession moved forward from the preas-rnom, the Rev. J. Hartley read portions of ths burial service of the church of England, which he followed up with an extemporaneous prayer, in wvhich Dove joined wavth apparent devoticn and eanestness. The convict having been placed under the fatal beam, fron *which the rope dangled close bo him, the execun tioner proceeded to patform his office. HMe placed the cap open the convict's head, and proceeded to adjust the rope round his neck. This was done with great deliberation, ouing probably to the fact that the hangman was a debtor in the Castle, who had solunteered to perform thetrevolting duties. The execuitioner next tied th convict'slegs fpeiny, and withdrew to the side of the drop The belt w uas i an instant wcithdrawn, and the unhappy man fel l.He had reminmed up to this time with uis hands clasped, and they remained clasped for a second after he felL At the end of that time his hands relaxed, his legs were drawn up, and the body swtaQ to and fro; theis continued for about a minute, at the end of which atmie the hands were again clasped, the legs dropped, and all was over. tin the whole the crosvd maintained very orderly and decorous conduct throughout therpainful scene. The body of the convict remained snded for en hour, iwhen it vcas cut downsand placed in a shel for interment on Saturday evening within the precincts of the prison, in accordance with the terms of the sentence of the law passed uhpon the prisoner. There had been numerous applications for the offlce of esecutioner, amen" which were two or three curious specimens of orthography. One of' them -was as follows*- "To the High Shereff York Castle York City "DearSir Seeing in The Paper you advertse for a Hangman I Will Engage With you as age is 22 year Height5ft inches Weight I3st 61bs gIent to the En surance Company London It is from several hreinds at Leeds That i dafu the Convict Laying at York Castle Mr. Dove answer Will oblidge." On the return of Mr. Barrett, on Thursdar afternoou Dove at once expressed his desire to make a full confession of his guilt, which,although never formally denied, had not previously been openly atditted by the convict. Mar. Bar rett was accordingly furnished with fons and paper, and, unattended by any other indivbidual, ie toiok down from the prisoner's lips his oen narrative of the dreadful circumstances preceding and attendant upon the death of his iictim. This document, out of consideration for the prisoner's family, ills ot t the present moment be,made public MRr. Barrett considering it his duty to place so important a paper in;the hands of those by-wlhom no was in,structed. Dove commencedbystatingthat hisfirst ideatof poinino his wife was derived from conversations he had wi thathiry parson, the identity of whom it will not be difficult for the reader to establish when he remembers what were the culprit's notions on the subject of witchcraft and the preternatural knowledge of so-called "wizards." HIe doss not directly implicate the parson referred to in the mutrder, but states that hi^s own actions were prompted by what he heard from another. He says that, on the day when the fatal dose (openly admitting there were several) was administwered, he was in a state of semui-intoxication all the afternoon. The precise moment owhen the strychriia was pat into his sick; wife medicine glass was afterMIrs. Witham had given her a draught at mid-day. MIr. Withamn left a little water at the boottom of the wine-glass, and into this water the culprit shortly afterwrards dropped a grain of the deadly poison. The glass remained upon the wssbhand-st-and until S o'clock in the eveninge, when, the culprit says he-was asked to give his wife her medicine. Hec adds that he did so by pourin the draught into the Ywine-glass containing the strychnia, and that as soon as his wrife had drunk it off, and he saw her dreadfual sufferings, tho thought flashed across his "muddled" brain that he had given her strychni* and that she would die. H e declares that, had the medical man been p resent at the moment, huis contrition was such that he should have confessed his crime, and implored him to save his gvictim. As it was, he rnout of theihouse, and when he returned withthe doctor his wife ws dead. He admits that he was in a deadful state of mind for several days lest aposi mortens examination should have been made, and says be was imnmensely reieved whenthe period had excpired within whitch Professor Taylor had declared in PaLelie's ease it was alone possible to discover the existence of strvchnia in the human subject. Thius is the substance of what the conYiCt basslefb behind him as a small atonement for his great guilt. The narration ws commenced at the mo- ment wrhen a terrific th'understorm burst over the city, full exite asthedreary darkness of his ce'll was con- j us t as Rlain aboutet nudnm osineb aln statement 'oyu"Atrhs"ofsin a opee the-convicteeemoeaeaeanM..Bretlfhi apparently in a better tt fmn hnh enjoyed.c dpeiul The,account which Mr..Wright gives of the convict is very interesting, and, in' a certan sense, ratisfactory. Mr. Wright had been indefatigable i his attendance' en Dove, and, in conjunction with -his other spiritual advisere, sueceeded in maingld amost favoura'ble impression, on him, Dove may now Vesaid to haxve dieda 'in a-truly penitent state. He regreted his crime, not inerely on account of the consequence in whichi it las involved hima, but because of the actual guiltof his conduct -He freely opened his mind, andl confessed to Mr. Wright-that he poisoned his vife;- but strchnine; butitsemss-toI vebes n i}oeto the reawon why Dor wihe& e :- which reaon me*, Ieual o kxe dee& hav :x t inhisinind. Dove o Co1';e - to dienext day, a d a reu to.5fae. He - premed hih e of he jite ofE eat° a- ae thbathefelt he died to dia. y alsoaiie } I feingof r6eutnient agauait the ji ,tk. jury w*io found lim guilty, or-the _tr}iD gav ei.- cenc against him h. AllDoTes fe no w, centred on his own awful ondition. e ii irole of his time durlugthe day in.er, in os.v . religious subjects, or in *r devout i Mr. Wright left Dove tAFrd 'k a returnd toManchester. On Tuesday mngr W treoeit fooigletter:-- followin letter."York Cate, Coeramined Pell, A', ' "Yr. Wight.-Dear Sir,-I take this ortuay e- writingto you. You told me thaa any t im& that I -wsot.t to a, and requ wedyou to coime, woud. r.8L -1 stal be very glad to see youn ow . d_Jorad5s at the late, for I feel my time is hort Icannota4s ficiently thank you, for your idne to me while yea. attaiisplaoe. cannot reward yo' but my God ad Failie-X wi reward you.. Dee& Sir, while I a meditating o-Ithe goodness of God,i ind tinkingof nyp tsimns a d-w : u'ss, all at a moment a thought acashed s My that.- there was areprieve for me. And rhat do you thin? ,at. reaeve was? WVell, bless God,;t wag b 'Thytiui,, which were cany, are all fosgiven yoau. Itwasno deEuion - for it was so imprewed on mry -mind IhSt I ou14t. mot help but make the remark, and tel myfillow-prisoners and the officer thbA s there. Dear Sir, I do not iitend to stop there; butt intend to 'press forward to the snark for my high caflio which is of God, by Chrit Jesu' DerSir, do not forget toprayformae,tbatImaylnotbe 'we yinwelldag, o. that, in due-time, I may rexp, if I ft not' .Andmaythe God of all grace bless you ad yours is the fervent prayer oE ,ours respectfully, "'Wrrar . "P.S.'-I shall! anxiously wait an answer. "f. Thomas Wright, 3, Sidney-place, Chorlton- upoli-Medlock, wanchester" - It was impracticable for Mr. Wright to come to York imnbediately, but he got back to the unhap yma Y at the .eagrieet possible moment. As a further proc of the tone of Doves mind we may gise the following letter, which he put iuto, 3Mr. Wright's haind on his entering ihe condenneA ceU on Friday morning:- "York Caste, Condemned.cell, Aug. 8. " llespected Sir,-My time is short, my days are r,ubered, and soon II salls have to appcear before the jud6!ent seat of Christ; but I trust my Judge is mnyadveteand friend, an)d th:.t I shallmeetHis smiles, and be weloome,t to. mansions in tbe sky. I can truly say- "'I the cldef of snnn FntJeeusdioa for me.'" Oh ! the consolation derive 1from this passage. I am saved. through fire and by death; ordinary means God had used, but they failed. He has, therefore, used extraodinary means, and bles,ed be lis holy name. I believe it is in, answer to the prayers of my dear mother, and that I ahL have reason to bless and praise Bm through all eternity, that He checked mue inmy mad career, and adoptedthis pla, to save me. "Oh ! my deas- Sir, accept the thanks of a dying man forthe kndness I have experienced at yonr hands. maythai God, whoisyourFatherandmyFather,bless youboth iii this life and that 'whieh is to come, and may 'we meet in heaven, is tha prayer of, respected- Sir, yours affectionately. " lMr. T. Wright, York" "WILImStA Doaz. In illustration of the distress of mind felt by the convict,. we give the followingI sentence, 'which he appears to have recollected as hasinw beenaddaiessedtohim yearagobva deer friend, and hich he has committed to paper:-' 9I31 liam, if you are ddter,zincd to -go to hclf, you shall wade through scas of tcrrs, and over .zeoerdai,z of praycra."' Th words in italic are underlined in Dove's own mnanuscript. The convict on Friday repsated a confession of his guilt, and of tho justice ofthe sentence of the lw, in the presence~ of 3Mr. NSoble. Dove avovwed the fact freely that he ad. ministered the poisonto his wife, and that he Imew at thetime that 'what he was administering was poison. Then heb added, "I execrateanid abhor myself, in dust and ashes, for the crime I have committed; andL am astonished only thatanyone could Wte an interest in, and be so kind to, sodreadful an offend!er as I have been." When the High Sheriff had his interview with the& wretched man, he inquired of him if he had any request to, make; Dove repled, "I hope you-wi not allow any cast tobe taken of my head ; and the High Sheriff assured hinL that his wish saould be complied with. We believe the, relatives and friends of the poOr crimin&l have been exceeingly anxious uponi this point, and they have also beggec that his clothes mLynot disposed of, as is too frequently the case, for the purposes of public exhibition, to satisfg ^i morbid curiosity. ThSis requlest has 'also been complied'with, Mfr. Noble having given a positive undertaking that Dove's clothes shaUl not pass iniio the handis of stirangers,. either for tshe above or any other purpose. ~ ECUTION AT DORCEESTER. On Saturdaymosiing the womanElizabethhaffihBrownv , who was convicted at the last assizes of the-wilful murder of her husband, John Anthony Brown, underwent the extremjg sentence of the law. The facts of the case were these:The husband, who was only 20 years of age, and his wire, who was 40, had lired together as servants in a family. Tho: husband became a carrier, and left home on the 6th of lasv July for thc purpcose of going to Bedminster. He returned. home late at night, andsoon afterthe wifecalledin aneigh:_ bour, who found tlat the unfortunate man was deva, witl: several cuts about the body. The wife represented that her had been kicked by a horse, and this she afterwards denied It afterwards transpiredthat she was jealousofherhusband, and a hatchet, which was known to be in the house,!could not be found. Attempts were made to obtain a reprieve of the sentence, but Sir G. Grey refused. The execution took place at 8 o'clocs in the morninag. There was a large crowd; in spite of the thick hazy cin-r which was then falling. Precisely at 8 o'clock the prison bell pealed forthits solemand warningkmeil, andthe culpritand the officers left the prison, and slowlywended their way towards the scaffold, which was situated at some distance. The prison van vas in readiness at the gaol door toconvey the culprit to the place of execution, but she preferred walkng. Accordingly, they moved forward throug& the prison grounds at a very slow pace. The culprit behaved with much fortitude, and did not, up. to the last moment, appear to shed a tear. She, on leavin, her cell, shook hands -with the chief warder and other offiw cers. On ter way to the scaffold her demeanour was extra ordinary. The attendants oneither side were entirely overcome, while the culprit bore her awful position with thogreatest resignation and compsure The chaplain, tha Rev.. iClementson, conversed with. her on religious subjects, and sale appeared to engage infervent devoton ana prayer, with her hands clasped firmlytogether and eyes ul)turned. on arriving at the place of execution she walked with, I firmness np the first flight of 11 steps. Her female. attendants here left herim the hands of the executioner, A_ cordial was then administered to her, a ordion of whi 4she. drank The pinioniug being completed the culpi, X company with the enecutioner, then proceeded up the ne:&. flight of stairs, 19 in number, to the platform, and, still. -walLing with a firm step, crossed the platform to the nexmt flight, which lead to the gallows, which, with a slightlyfaltering step, she then ascended. Caleraft then proceeded to place the fat."l rope overthe' beam. Having drawnawhite cap overthe culprit'sface, he adjusted the rope round her neck, and retireafrom thescaffold; he, however, appeared to haveforgotten to tiethe culprit's dress, and or that purpose reaseended the, steps. Having again retired he immediately drew the fatal bolt, andinstantlythewretched'womanfell with greatforce, and aftera few struggles ceased to exist. After the body had hung the usual time it was taken down, placed in a lain elm coffin, and buried within the' precincts of the gaoL Ihefollow;ing confession wvas the last made, whichjust. previous toher execution she decLared was the truth:- "My husband, Jehn A\nthony Brow;n, deceased, came, bome on Sunday morningr, the 6th of July, at 2 o'clock, in liquor, and was sick. He hadnohat on. I asked him what he had done with his hat. He abused me, and said: 'What is it to you, - you He then asked for somecold tea. I said that I had none, h 'would make some warm. He repEed, 'Drink that yourself, and be -.' E then said, 'What makes you so cross? Have you been iat l5ary Davis's? He -iten kicked out the botLom of the chair upon 'which I had been sitting. We continued quarreling until 3 o'clock, when he struck me a severe blow on the sideof myhead, whnich cnfused me so much that I wan oblged to sit dowiL. Supper was on the table, andlhe said 'Eat ityourself and be -.' At the same time he reacheO down from the mantelpiece a heavy horsewhip with a- plaid end, and struck me across the shoulders with it three, times. E;achtimelcreamed out. Isaid, 'If you strike me, spin, I will cry 'Murder.' He retorted-'If you do, I will knock your brains out throughthewindow.' He also added-'I hope I ihall find you dead in the morning.' He then kickedme cex the left side, which caused me muchn pain, and be immediately stooped down to untie his boots. 1 ws much enraged, and in an ungovernable passion, oa being so abused and struckl, I directly seized a hatchetwhich was lying close, to where I sat, and which I hadbeesusing to break coal -with to koep up the fire and kee-his supper warm, and w-ith it (the hatchet) I struck'hiu several violent blowson the head, Icould not sav hor many. Hle fell at the first blow on his hcad, with his lace towars the freplace He nover spokre or moved afterwards. soonasIladdoneitI ihed I had not, and would hava given te 'world not to have done it, I had never strck him before, after all his il-treatment; but, when he hit me sohard at this ime, I wras almost out of my senses and hardlykew latlas doing.B. : "JELIZABET M&RTHwA REQly.
ThE CHIguCo-iuiE QrrIsr , ATR HAUNEY.-So11th Haclney hs followed the example of fhe neighbounrng p frisher (St. Tobes and St. Barabas, Homerton)] by refasing to grant a ehureh-rat.e. At a vest eetms held on Thursday moirding, at t'e school-bouse in Wl. itreet, ider the prftidency of the rector, the Rev. G. P. LockwoodL arateot 4(L inthepotmadwasked. Taliswa opposed, and on a shoir of hands rejected by a majority of two to one. The uhurchwardeTn hereupon dkmanded & poll, which eloed on Friday afternoon at 5 o'lock, when; the numbers were deelired to be .§ For therate, 202 votes; agsins it, 371 votes; tnajority agiinatthe rate, 169. The, rate ws acordngy refused. The reault haa surprid no one at all acquainted with the WM of the perish and the: sentiments of the psrisoners. It is fair stat, moeover, tlat riUhn asrt disace of the district chape of South Hakney. und-r M. Iockwood'a incum=%cy, thuo are three lag Dienting chapels belonging to the baju*. tbe Independst, and the WeI yal sectis, bedesa* I atala Catolic ehapel of sonim pretenf%s, anid-anotb Diae plae of wosip (pr.euaac wekun) near St. 1sn*' qae.Itisw unda &th the w t4 wr:l: tht t ba onl bern awFded uur a conieki Xt t : saisatio ef tlhe Di , s seet no diatat period. -:.;
S TWES BY AUTIOZI. ?IITSSRS. reBENAAO ST,,Bi and SON -wit 2jm Bbe.n, At theIr Batm KI foretreiely aovenary den*vj DAwo Y,e thn 11th and at rl wooldeegdan draTwng romperes and becoaeios, velvet, and matn dresse anmdrbee andeces,ltnen, canebpices, atdre nmd terb. rn . ne d La ° ESRSDEBNHA 3T'rR nd SOdwl th 12thln. t11 0 UD e e llek esnd rlbeut enSe.-whebrlcatalotgesmaybehoad, Ongls.h d Genev atehes, Oborne House, rver Atenue-road, S. hobnat-etreet ithent ModemBuselicId i docks, satins, golds.;a daniks, Ohitzs a tnd ot61arbls elOm, t draworg roo819er, atd desgrato ofFen cf mate abor E= marblem and vlae,: chimey iers and nome- .Paraneo'o and plsteera'bos thes On view5 da d Drir and momCin cat;lloa rlTenos maye braead. Odeldl,Xi O ,borne UOse Uppe Avene-roa, St. JotnrTLo;oor.EJoce en pJOHN GREGORY hT received intrto lvpc-)BEL bYAUOTION,Xon the Premi "e,Osborne HonseUppe Avenue.road, St. John'e.wood. To-morrow, AnUroet 12, andfolown day a' 12 wi_thont reesm% tihe well mad Modern HOUSEaOa FUICB1TURtE cePinsisng Fab Arablan, and otber bdtas feather bed mnathtreses And Iseddinyg- mab aywingedwadoe press, Cires of drawers wssbstand3, oen bocOrc-,,g Dla,epotwr waiting, leo, card, dsnln And other tables, mahgan And vswo chairs, rEd-,cnces chimney glass, cilt cornIcs pOd Aaos nd 01t5cr window curnisis, dine toed Plecol Pianirt14 abean4e linen, chb zgluns.bronze cadelab a,ob,ermioln, and ether clobckds sfew Velumea ofbookce, V!&teres, egnavincs ed plated Articles, hot and cold water bath, mith soe tahd Kent's knife ecleain xnachine~ ~den roller, Suenprtr kitchen requisites, and ether uen ytcea be viewed OnSba5nrday, Sth, Monday 1lth, And morn.1n39efeale. CataloguestobeilMtbo pemises; of -Mr. Jenkins, anirtioneer, 2, Sauthaieuton-treet tad fEw ectr,101, Gnildf0rd.eet, Srad;o FAisd Gregor, Esaq. Comberland-msne,a Albany.osteet t'-ar,alal Lease £ySaod5ctug. and Lerczhola IroDerty, now rented at JOHN eFOX h the honorir to announe tjrat TIO.(, Iat the Auction Mart, London, en Tjisarday, Aug. 14, atI12 for 1rczl,in one lot, the--vabiable XEASE prdoing an Income of pEr arumo, sucurWd opn tho-e flxst.rA;e Ooslnerunrm lees , which ore erecte etenrivo badiniz, bauwn czsthe inega V ol situate In CnMberlnnd-market, Allamly-steret, Reeent'e-prk. la the. rarWis of St, Fsancm, ifddlesx end abutting npon the V.,(egetis t~auL,upon-whichsithIas exteiisawiae w arIaTbisaportouioofthe pro. perty is lOw L-sesdto Si Felix Bee or atesz of.431,ea frem MlIclhelma3, MG,i at the annual rent o*f 2. ALsothe unexpired term in t-hat very cltzal dwellig-hrouic. ad;oining the befreesisd property, nlow in e occupation of Charies Podmere. Eq yai tanest ata-mIn f £5. The Whole of tepoet shl ae isas, fo a trm o 61 peamj fEm_ BBetso Arl a, tago Civeeeia Al0elz5~ jkI7b ;or at Ih M Ldp Wt,"hir-l ITMoved Rental If £30 for Sers ~~ and SO U~SE LbYAU - ilNGfOk-SEEII, let to John BMfirg, Esq. (wbo .bas tbesmughly, repsaired it), forl 8,at£CltOper&unum, aud held forMyOparsat £ t0 ei atbeg. 'zrilculars of R.X Vea, Eoq.. Solcitor. 119, Abing,lncse:at teMrt; Sand of Mdemms Foster anid Son. P9.Pall-malL Freeholdt Ground Rtent of £706 per annum. I M~,ESSRS.FOSTER and SON are direotedto SELL FR&by UCION a th Xrt~onTuesday, August 19 , at1 OLDersret lROicee puN li-ouse, let onnu l masto amr Jone cioued renth of £dsnto ane expratlo ofuwichdterm the trhaer wkll Pariclas f11 h rad 5 dysbefore Ciambridgeahire.-The Madingley Ilstte. tha p-operty of dir eam Vineout Cotton, Boat, comprising the entire Parish of Madingley, ofrGof and abportarou l St. Giles Parihhthe Iatterwithiesthe uudrotborough ofam cdetend-g ove 2,75 acres, to.ether wit the nintMnl JESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed by Sir M a tV incenmt o t tona t o S ELL b y AU CT1ION, a t theo Martf, o a Tuesday. August 19, att .12. in one lot, MADINGLEY HALL, (ton reles from. Cambridee, an ancientnianoyrsal. faintly freehold eatate-with the noble old English mansion, placed in the centre of a Park, with macnitcent timber and o-rn-ameln-ta wa-ter. The wholo estate ia bounded by a continuous fence, and lEsa unusua.11y comnpact, in the whole 2,575 acres, tho treater part encloed by nataral fenees, and a portortIs pefigel(L lands. The arable part of the estate pro. dLaexcelent crops of oem a fart now abundantly esidenced In the luxuniant aspect of tle folds : the park ancd encloamsea* are excellent meadows and paetzures; the fiin-houses and horseeteadz are in good cordition, anid some of the tenants bold under the fainliyforlengueoids; ilhem are a publie-bouse, weindmoill, andeeottage. onteett.=ainiley Church is withinx the park, and it -wa this beautifol.-pot that inspired Gnay when he, wrtoe his celebrTsed Eleg. The estate is of groat :anportance as an investment, for a residential gpetly orfora emily inheritance, and is not withouat its poitiral1 uec nthe iounty of thbrde, asetd on the high ratowtin theour6ts ftey oog of Cambridg.Telnseten and ireoent idtes And frontages for building; at present the wh3al IsWmrth pluh h ihso h aihwl be included in the purchase, in effect maig the eelate tithe free. The contiguity of.the suvr tityv toAMadingley, with the advantages of the best socjety Wil Always give this eelateoa value beyond the mere rental. lldigly Wood ta a faTounite meet of the Cambridgeabire hounda, and gene ia abundlant. Particulars an-d Plans of Clement 'Francis, RAq., Clambridge: Messrs JTohn and Charles Cole, 10, Ron -stret, Strad; at the Meert, Lnden; ando"Kessrs.FestersindSon, Si Pall-mall. Preliminary Aanounrement-Ratensnve end valuable Fehl perty,in theparishes of ChelEea and Fabm rudRnoarrt tagf to about -0l,M0peraunum; TreaiaPbi-oos oe rat detached Housei and Cottae,wt ad e t£1 e annum; also about.lI aces of edwadGre rud hc mtaybe expected to) ba required forbuligproeInaler M~rESSRS. FOSTER and SON- ar-e directed to announce for SALE, In November next, at the Mart, an extensive and very valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE, consisting of gzround rents of £l.lOC per annum, secured on about 200 houses in Chelsea paih i :Br-le lPond-stret. East-street Boaudftreet, Ranfg-ztreet, Britten-etrc,os, Stewart's-erove, Roberst-etres, Sy,dney-sroeet Susse Vilas, Sose-terrare, Victoria~-grove, LilRtheroe,oli'wod-laIe, audown VBills, Victoria-place, and Lana- dow -pae )uT am-d. There are three public-houses on the estate, Arms wih reveso to the jack rents of about £e9,000 a yea.. Alo,nerth aov.in, FIha prsh, Beuer ouse, andi upwards of Iwo acres of lan, let on lease at4£10 per annum - evecal deatalced houses and cottages, let at rents amounting to 4Ul3 pe annum; And about 38 r,res, o:l meadow land, garden ground, town meadowo, town fields, and elsewhbs-e inNUh&am, which, on view, will be found must Shortly, from the prgress of building, be covered with homUs. This estmte WlIlbe dildod inxaboutl120lots~, the plots let on building leases and on which hOuses have been b ilt willbesold aorord. Ing to thoealeases, Andi the land Unbuilt on wil be parceled. out to suit mnaybe obtained ofMeers. RobinsonandTeOmnli solicitors, 48Conduitstreet oand street: andof Messrs. oster, 54, 1a-maL 'The printed partinrlarsandcondittoris wMbo issued one monthbeforethbe se,and full particularswiibe advertied inthis paper. Xent.-Freelsold and Le.asehold Estate No'thitee n t, ocuny X ent,-For absolute Sale. i h onyo W.WEFB -wiM SELL by AUCTIONb, at the oPN-w,L Gratesend, on Wedneday Ag20, at 2 for 3 precis-ely in2 lois alt that FREEHOLD BEEP1t-AOTJS'E brick built, wiith slated roof, contalutuc 14 roomns, knownasothe Hose. situate near the Blue Anchor-wharf, I ndersbore, in the parish of' NorthSoeet, in, the countyo'f K-ent, adJacent to theO oerent wOrks Of Mesms Robis And Co. and of T. Stu"e Rq;held on.agreement for alease fov 99years, at the low rent of Al per nnum, with a prov isolat when a lioense is slated thourthat the3rent be advanced to £40 per annum Two Freehold coeli-detached Cottages, brick built, with oompofotadsae roofs, Situate near the above, in the occupaio ofrB olndt ancldate. Warren produclng a net annual value of £24; also a FReehold Tenement a'doining, timborbuiltand tiled with aplot of landin the rear, whereon are erected a wheelWrIght's seop and piggens, in parul.1 occupation, of the joint annual veine of About £14. TeLeasehold consists Of three very isubstantial brfck-builstUielling-houses, withL elated roofs, fore-courts, and gardens, coumandingly situate, near the high road leading from Ot-avesend to Laondau, and known an 1, 2, and 5, -n,X iow-strset, in the paihof Nortileeit, maost.reespectably tnn dfor an1 ulerotired term of St years, prodocing a net annal alu ofabot £2. hiscOmpac and eligible leasehold pro- Perty is advantageouslr situate, nea terailway station. Sad baa recently undergone compl,ete renovation, and the Water is laidon to each hotiuse. Mand honditwibysmaye o ad th reP-tira tenants, and printed paricuarsandcoditonsmaybe ad(one week ovious to the da~' of sale) at the Bull tnns, Rochester and DartfWrt;the Journal and Gazetite officez s, adtzone; the Independent ofince, wootwith; the. Hope, Undershore, wortibdeet; the place of sale. Gravesend; It esars. Vhite and Ccole solicitors,.MriB -ae ada;Msr.Wr n Chid, t.Swihi's-rn, Lodon; and of the auctioneer, appraiser,. and estate agent, the Grove. Graverend. mandingly situate, th conro Liverpool-street and Chicbeeter. PiaceGray's-inn-roal, drclfaigthe principal entrance to the Greac Northern Railn Stnn.wt peLon lIIESSRS. FIlrD S dATJF LLare instructed -LLby the Assignee of ohLasen Harvey. a bankrupt. with the concurrence of the Motgge,tDEL 8 bY AUtCTION. at Gar. = poz Men day .u t 5at 12, the unexpired term in the if ,at the snodenit ren o £10, of the abooye superior SHOp and DWELLIE(j-HollSE suitable for carrying on sas wholesale or larsO retail trade, the shop ieisg 70 feet deep, with frontages in both strets fite wih lftr wndos o pateglas.The upper part of the end bed~ D rom ;Rand or th asmntalag itig oua'dth vals nd aumoro but onfce,athewolde amrabyarne rcn DrawingabRoeofm SuiteInwlute Maebybeiwd n atclr b ta~ined on th premmiss ato GarrNanas ofMl sseghuan o,n worit. 6, Oldeter; end 'of theautoer,hecnrofOabg- on Pilla Thid clay,atw aeT.m;o.N. ,Goetr.lc,c ofp4-ne aEeuin andby rde ofhaSeslL-A eie dn velvet and otain,tmtl, neeatWingdCefoiruand M.GEORGE LEWIS beggs to announce that he willM SELL boy AUCTION, on le Premises, Giocester-place, New-road. To-mecrzow, August 12. at 12prcsl,(naoutfth numerof ot,) heCONTENTS of a 10-roomed HOUSE: tw Spanish mahogany Aribian bedsteads witha daakfuntre u beddinkgomeplete, doubile andsingle hole marbl-M&topitarhutpnrsand fittings dressing tablms chaval and toilet glasses, double and zingle chests Of mabegany drawers a drawing room Suite in walnut, cam. prlsmng 12 chairs,ztwo o)ucheS, thre easy chaIrs S-feet winged cabinet, Va'- Of naall cabinets, oval too table on plltar and claw, whatnote, dlavert., and four ITriiant pinato chimeney-glawses, a piccolo 'plane forteinhadsomeocase; the dirnlgroomfurniture comprises12, Chars, two asy hair, ed coch, overd i leather, a Feel of teleroGpo andmonin o eao,Catloue r!espes.tSmpso and on,c solici tors 14 nd 5, S. cithy'-ae of thesr auctFioneer t3e Fore-treet city:and th pre isest. tosc odtosaow tepG Eandycolt Irnfound Woand sn Yard on the Yriver cap-able of e,the whoe o th exensve wnd ter coseteIonfouandy SipmBdiatldmiles fom Ces eter,wth af branch fromnthge, andaraetoh the teChese edH head Railway,. Toehere withthe o malanle yengirs, Machoninery,abld Preant thren, hallvte best condiion,wth imme-s additiosSmdetothm. n HU the eroeotfn of announcm'e tran fo-drthy havenee woknosTruced tolant ato Sachierby Ahich0 at b thclust ion Mat, i the, ct fCetr nPrdy h hdyo Augu rst. atiely tno, (unles prvosly dispoed, of by piate cone teatr) pnonerflot n bo j tau oniins ranwlilofedthen Bdue ad, eLAEo hs well-nown endextensivretPrE MISE calleitao andycroftn hb ok n i ad aalottng execut-, i esear,ed ndihr Msr.Rg,,adsnc yM.Ca,ocp veryac cosdrableWrg ,edhv rcnl a fis motn additY1 Ion made t hmi h rcino netnieio foundryiand wokhp.Tepatedmciey hc ilb neluded inm thoaefopie w ts-nie Prweraredpotier ay, mihterqiiehlesanyo 4anl-o gear; prowierfs boin andaur irlShe Ife-, s~e~ eoa slide aod othr lai0 y , of arious ie;expiszhltn,p makers; crb wnhes, wthea artbegso retsrnt,pnhgad c- furaces,m tavdEllisng , Solthers,ae,adeeyote eust o condtion and roeadfnrmdaeae uligscit,wihp andsesom ladhinche meit egbuhodo hs ok,i prprecoreect any o n omberocotgshihmybreuedTe abo e bpreie are hewld y. leasenfod t .r.Clyn,Es. o ns,ma b bd ith any ofurthe Mrkifrain yppynt ea Rexantznd Ellion,m soiitrs, I,LnonsInfels odn en PotSSadRobrS, iios hse. orTA Ne tothe autoneers,o Chaese kerry n f tv mlfmthe Suttedorl Sthationh onte BIrnhteted toauiway.o SeALEne ACTsION,-the iasDvOwdedsrbed ATe, comprehendin , narnd wbch aces, divied Apintod convnet ak -a,togtheruwioth kth Maore OrteLordtshiptf owddwy.er,cntgoe ur3wSAsltof18,000m tacres, Iththerancien Tolls of the Marketis anEsits i tee Farmiadshief In the fae h hnon t mk LV.knwsdnd toathe moneyedw,orod that theyereu Iatrm-hedousesmtnd out-buildings a capital evter corn mli, an old-established inn in the town of Dinas Mowddwy, anumabr of cottages, andnearly4.Oiost&tutD acres of excellent amable, pasture, and meaow lands, on the baunk of the river Dovey and itsa-id utarles, thewbole of Which is In the hands of a highlyrespectable tenanisyatlaw yearlyrents. The tithes have been cOmmuted very satisfactorly and the mises and other burdens Are Verymoderate. Totother wi the t mn=or or lordship, or repuatedi maanor or lerdahip 01 hlslwddwy, otherwisp Dine Mowddwy, with the ancient tolls Of the fairs1, markets, &o., including sundry fee and Other rents, imprQP atnt:rents and royalties issuing and paybe fo Several valuable lend mines, elate quarries, &C.nwi worin fopratIon. dh Iay ti ivepropet la situate in one of theamost charm. igsndpieimresquodleirletoc North Wales, on.the mnail road from. Sbrowbury to'Aherydtwith, about 40 railer frolm the former and 30 miles frometho latter place. eand within easy reach Of themarket towns ofDolgellyandMaelbyelieth. Itisdeclaredhycomp,etent and skIlfcI ment that the manor absiunds with lead, copper, and other ore, which MaY, at a trifling outlay becomaasun o.getprlt h MinS a It t 67era uenidcompnes, an o nyrequire tedoakilt undeoaiencoto bedeve OP( hriversovea-and Cerestmeandertlru,oui the greter pMoronof theop'opertyandeas.tley abound with fish. afford, the angler abundance of sport. Wore detiled partculrs, nd ithorapic ins,are n corsef p eirhtfiouaa ElkSELLb.yAUCTION, at Clarke's Hotel, Taunton, on Thursday September 4. at 3in the afternoon, the wellknwnanddistingished FREEHOLD PROPERTY, free of land-tax callIed the Goiters Estte, laeybelonnin toWMiam Beadon, Req., deceased, situAite in the Paihof West 3fonktDn, three miles from Taunton, where there is, a railway station Of the first classt, andseovo from the town and port of Bridgwater adjoining to the beautiful park and extensive w-oodLs of Hestcrcomf6e, end studied by numerou gntlemen's seats in the our. roundling district,- comrecistg a comfortable residence, in aremarkably sheltered position, with,. a southern a~ec known as Gotten-house, coated on an, eminence, in the xmi St of pleasur grounds, emsauented with handsome and stately timaber, pIantatisa, end shrubI. boer,m and commeanding a grand expanse of magniicet sesnery extending over an naea ot more than. 00 miles, incldun the rich and far-famed Vole of TIaunton Dean, with th, 'BismEkow B3rendon, and Mendip hill in the distance, well-otoeked fruit, ilowo' end kitchen gardens,ood atabling, coach-house, yard, gi-nea se othor convenleatout.buIdings,thewhole abundantlysuppliedwii~ the purest Epring Twater. Alsoe a ubotontiat Farm-house, with all onitablo agriculturat buildinigs, several cottages and gardens, together with about, 220 acresof rich and productive arable, meadow, pasture,orehird, aud wood land,in a ilijai state of cultivation, almost within a ring fence, end intersected iy exUoelot roads.- A considerableprtion of the lands form part of the rich alluvial soil of the Vale o Tenmotn finns, end the ornamnental and other timber, which is of considderable =i&ue, will be solid with the estate, and not resered for separate valuatilon. There isa quryof excellentbuilding steno ointe Pnroperty. A farelypw i th beuriol hurh of West Monkton is alpprorriated to GO cn-house, and is ilistn't about tshreequartera of amasse through a Dleasant and retireddsim, This Taiuable propertv, comprising such '~unuszzal advantages, offers a rae opportunity J, any gentleman. In 'Search of a, country rednleroe, the locality being extremely healthy, and the air highl salubrious. The tithes are commuted at a very moderatevamm and the Isca burdens are very low. EAriy~es of thewholeettate;exnepthe .e m y mayehEa If dsarCmrt`e' Precet tenanOt willl re-takeo the farmm and lnds now in his occupLtatn fo&er-aannf7yas.L Mayb Tt,e wed at anytt'ne ona ationtsothe auctioneer; andp&rUimx7Jan%Ad planx uhbe= bleJ 4 days prior to the sAle whichmauy bar obtainsdt at Clarkes a 'X*=As,nson 'atGtten-house ; of Morn. Ft eplir ana Hadow, 30 Bedford-sow YZ:,on on Of Moens. Deaons and Sweet, solkitioss Taunkq; Cy a5th eilce o f Mrg, LIllY, etQgrfu UTee odwi. rO_tpO!=3re~%of UR sat Garaas that, irneoncciulace of his be required as a wltniess at the iu trartedlluildfard Assises. the SAT, adyertLsed by himeeo take plac an he th 12b,and13t ist.amPO31TPONED until the reopen. place as fMlows, at 12 foir Ieach day precisly :- OnMGnday, August IFL-Whi te Swan, Kewulnaton-road; Canionbury Tavern, Inlington; Rkisin Sun. Shiemakee'srow, Docorcornos GrapesTavern Hayrnazliet, kaye IctpheeXuTe Whnouitoe, High oen11gratPe,er.rtrs, Westinstr; N~ 73, Mak se. raosuton, essono Gqarrea';ad. h utoee.4,Bombr-qae Sale Pt s1pozied.-The Whiteur STan.vern nington,at te, Srr~ey,an ossadShop adjrolneng, withe0 immediate possessoro, h IjR.DNIEL ORONIN rwilltSELL byp AU.th to.1 AUT1077, at Gasaway's; on Mlonday, August8. at 12. inhoe lat It eishlforitcatemofUbLI-OutU5ySR Te frm idume last ancdcdhas Il toar bae uralsod at Garnyw'be an of the auc n fthoeer su2,b Boofby Sale Pt stponoed-Tlse CRnoei TavShern Iklnrow, at the c'-ornerof IRE. DANIEL CR~ONIN rV EspefLLby AUpTIsest 0aUtI, atrGawsy way'on Mondi Aougn ug. 18. at 12, the vlabove to Abeawithspod byuany efor of therv kfnd0natofhe subrbs tefden; tbrre adnmirby raneofn ae the ptacoe I estate oPR the Ar ubIc-Houes nT,cmeetringilysiexaerised, ye The neighbourheo s x tensle, pouloueaid f te esvtbcharactorer,so thehuMe reped withe a century; rent low. ayt ewdan pIrtiue rsehad on thes prior ainds ofUcl heorBad othed olGseu,elcits a19, Lnoflt'e auo tiodseeat 42,rriowauy's ; arpe. h utoer 2 Ilonbc-qa fSae P.spnel.--tlThe Rpsin Sien Sheaker-row,t Doctohlhe'-toan th 1Jr2R DANIEL ORONfN wfi SELL by AUCTION, :jjat Gikrraway',~ on1 onday,. Augustl 1t8,theatlu.t abluAble of5pe thnannb ftecpIa onrWN adSII i L'13HMBPotpned-cUsanr situGate as abote JohneigChburhood tshensely popuatd, Faeodi Vd itha factres, wihsarehouse,ah others aindagolcedo cuityin buiontess an wthe ous eais wenllmada -edTfouthe anLd prtu.aS hAdE oan thef prmsueriort GMareaysidende of the auctronae, c2 lloomab hofuryh-mieasre, a pe olwy,autn;u Wae Postpoeod.-The rapes o Winern anddSpirit slis-hmuent onth west sldefth amre,wh House and Shope- adjoining; i eeodTn. Mp-R .DANIEL CRONIN ill SieLteby the DeiONe AatGN,atGarray's,onondTae.AuAugtl19 at 12 in folurlotes,EASe of the abovedTWO HOUSES, cihgpossession o theepbri-ousef theyare e-bld dirptp rome th Cow fowayeroad abou in thao mont tveL paettnof. thes houeatyM hneoolav edreaten rent of thepW.e houetothe elwrenoitrof£5pert aetnnut.oMayteveedml2O dayswrier. Cwssexprnt'-a, LMbca-elmsstnext, city;or nd of the aenPiion a oer2,lems Seable premioumed-ulsor Hollw anShpnery adjoining Stoh' Church Sin. the hig poned.-Xleo.d 7ViMue-trelladIedengton,with dpaclrs Grounds Sand goodt Building ior nags brithoan utreerve wunles prsessions ME-DANI L CRONIIN wiBL diretedbythON M1.1st g')AeGwaIES, on Tubdy. AUgust1 at G2, awabls,nTesFREErAd, clseto athe ourthmil (torne ateUppertheIowr'ee,bttig2upon rhens Mwualno f.otwo.Te ny be viewed, end partiouaaa ntepeie:a ica-hd asa arway's; of Ae.s.c and Corker. Esolictors Sufoler-laneet Can. cfity;adfte auctioer 4 lonee ur.2,Beombr-quare. - Sale Postponed.-The Duke Inn Tlarenc, -abrand Pbls-hoet,R Hheate retr-aret, estinther. re o et-te J B. DANIEL RONINwiS daeLLbdyAUCTDeIOeN A aON aGarraway', on Tuesneday, Aug. 19 at1, in fourvlots,bth 1ilaeGImasInex,a X e andPEMS n cerum l siuae,o the. aia brow ofE lgtedgandhl.aprahdb the hueiqegobrtho lmowa-rad ecuAnd inmmthemost Gheolrge traenr tatmustrbepenctaidmenat, torit May term 21ed yaredwpir wiulal exire at soatelmcs next, and oforh the lessioeerpai A lourt. dW orabtpred-ium:talsoanellbil abdliohopusealydjiineg; als,ofSi Ctageis,tbeing chaoe.r, to U, Cae-yard,bl pordrl Bowting-gorenulane, DAhae ltt NduIous aRNd N 2ucta tennstuts,adprdcn anM inemeofrabou th e nnm lo Ne.to.toBL b , GreatIX aeteCr-sretwes-, minser hedfra hr5em 0nlae pneeblet m oolrBadfirst-raye alo tCraa's at the Codrent ofhneCfehos;o .B oUBLIC- U soictor 2h, cowr-etreef, pedord-tthquare;and ofnth SlWe Poatponed.-To. I2j e M ~arke-ske d Paddlngbon, woors from; Housle-ste, suitable radjbrgicnlayer anvbildaer,f wiggthepoLession. IWA. WAML( RONIN is1 SiEcLted aby t WEeto SLbv AUCTION, atGCartawaV%s onTeanmdoy, AMJDAwith Ifordiate rorss,n at the lbarnts Of a13 ae lbu,2o tessabov tae PR mISES eid aebe svrlyasi prfthocuation of be. othewoo, evee and particulars am tGrawys adof the auctioneer, 42,3B1oosurnsuy-sQuare. Sale Postponed.-The Duke of larencble,dCu abeland-Itee Hacknry. steSroad,ath corner of DaKet-street,Aep. - 1iM aI wma'tg Wdat, um D at 12, the vluable- LEASEx DodGon,ofDt abov wihpsessikown, an termcofe32 HOUarn ferom tdcaelms~ Rnet, at-O £10 prVAnnum, is thescapita goDdfor dIteS siuteha aboe. Te neighbubourhoond the extrneanrdidnsely pedpu-i thfelrge trae hethatlutboroughdarttMay Mayb viewed, and par-iulr hadcu lauhs als Gat ways ays and of the a uctIonee r, 42, Bombloomq. Sale Pofsvauabe T-aertandel-ul Public-house andh Wine-vauwlts, ofd SSfR.. AAILTCEO an inVstrute bye M. M EstrMca,thedPoritr to SELL by AUCTO.atGriOm.yi at Taesaiay', onrednsday9. augst2, t 2 t heeveryvaluabl LULCHUEASE, forTh noeal Tacernturyhatmte-round, remtnt held per annum, at a frst-rante PfU;the-kVate, n'athecrnsWersed a proionethoougenhfare,and oaksmadin, Sothewprogrssiely Incr40Leas,n utradero aun Inseene neigetblursbed. ism Vanown ca ted Mclms Tavfernus, conspicuousl pathd in th Balls-pon-roa , ledn heom Ilrngi2 tors Thesland, ointe Miiayeleehl state.TisoalabE. and utr eclnt propertyca1 h scrESySoohihl comm TendeSi avyont eSof view- gancea its xstreulasled ton thELLei5 atAU TIN atrGarway;of Mon. Paesdali LAnd ansora Wioaue,TNew,vz road-tret and ofThe aucntioaneer 42HBoomsbu ryenar ome.re,Bisoeur. e nlaet StalIe steponteat- perCastnmTa.rus Publihqeuhsee, nd9hTwo2 rHmouses trid Shops adoining,ai the vilaitgeraof Hihat o5 teraseu21 ast . Tren£1.To Houses letwoSoM1 at d1. InipovedItent £1mmer 6; P TE nd2.Richaby-stUCtIO, atE Cnlasesandag's,onmedntsday,lo Augut20, atinz12,5wih mrdarmuposHessioron. nthermhandsof randso tremars ofbsiesthardemn eoidnthelvaroe, premisaeqsael potal.May b vewed, rand partiuar ad.Is ofrawys rwf and of the a uctioneer, 42. Bloorscbry-sqare, Stale oldCotage-h Residence Brxonl-witabhe lobrge-Garden, nowluiera street,r Straund, cornaber fof eithe-srcapt odeophi,etmnt MESSRSDANIELTCON =e inIstreL,Lby AUtIONxe TIONLat Gazrzaway'rs, en Wedesday, August 26. at 1, the LEA64 or -wtheosesin of 47e th abgoved welkonadelent o I raum,fthOUe tomerm trilons o the deSeIS OTA negbuh odundth extgroaodBinarynpedetrian trdaffi oeteaclreefeitthoroughfare.tMaybe viewerd,endaparticular ha; lof aet Crse'anda of tho 0ee auortIoneer.t i 4 2,Boomsusyd-as, Salserofvaluable itavrs endiPbli-huses wiiothothepGri wiate an WAILT srd OV O dx in- g tavern, ubuns-cad, Brpopten heldo fec t s at arun grun ren efa£25;thFe Watermain'sAsses,Wtenroade&Pubt-on. ean Whavre, at Bakasie from uctione~eld ford 41 ears, obati£0ner annum;. Manvld estolishdciner 2auts callerw;ad fP.ad Hik.sCofehue,lcorneo Fucioesreet ndKin-stalreet,hold haeld nefor t2yas he tono Rosed Wine hodfr~ aboubto2 years. t otheryenised Houshe called the PaLmers ton Arms, at the Str-pand~ Grosvn Gor-parr,tWalwrFriday, CAmber-t wel, hel 3 o1 i c,tat afteoo 0 pher aoownnum Thevable PROPsERTmYh viewed and prartgrcuasoni lstrne atd Gaawaygs andofs kteheasnerash ho5s,Chancery-lane. c pm,adezeetcllr,by4ri am atdotheu lmaseholEstae poftlE. V.ardien,and dcaseud,1crBo eioereSS eadwadpS. rcad h houLseand gOVEost ade in-. Aiugte21 athe byortemderlvt of the hilecato see. the fotoinvr deiral pmanssm o2,tGreatCom-stetcBrns iwsick-tuae. letghonueaehoa reIt ispeot afe qrtenant,at£45 froanm. (at chub The Eyes andm Shop, 42, Marstchmontenrct,letont leastetomrs.aitgeald, aihth£05 erannum. WiotmbThee Houeses ad -aIaeSop,1 undllibo, Nasau-pace,rOommer M ESrod ad, tthr-rcet e onGU W SLeae and AgreemeNt, atlo rnspRoducin £H5tes. Wex-per-anm, eld frongtcm t owron inte astez Wiliam and th es slcior, 2 Aucgn'-unflst W at Car raway's;and o te andtonerm, 1.tChnedry-lae. osasmyb Leaseh, diCottageete addnplearlxe nrounith-largeuGaren Waenow usled 2as a nursery ground, suitabl for eihe occupatind orainvestmenpt. fIreehold anrr EcphLdO ard eawins2tructed by thezomle. I kn Owntas the SISomrst,aou'tA3G male frghomoghrisoal,threxen Itais fromte townbyfeAxbrdganerfedthrco-ndfi; hel gardeenfrs thoRutwgeofSfetatindon deptofBris ,atolnkdEeerRiwy oftis now theatsab neighourhod, xcelent rout fhn,. and hariers are kept at a short idistance It is situate in ajpleaeant and plcturesue locaiBty, within five minutes' walk of the ulb and is only about seven mites from the fashionable watering-lc Of Weston-super.mare, The Mil hasM a neverfiig u yof water, and a lucrativo huelrses hoe been carried on thre b'y the Present anid tote tenant. Mr. JTohnmWlIkins,for35ycars.Lt2 U AIllthat capital Farm, esledMaxnsff Farm, comprirlogfarm-hose=wthbarrs, barton, cattle-sheds,and other agriculturalb buldings,and abutlaceosof excellentpeature and trebe land, 55 acres of which are freehold, and 31 acres are copyhold and leashold; the whole in thre ooccapation of Mr. TohnBra-d ord, at the low yearly rent of £200. I.t3S. Alt that pieceB of Freehold Ara',Ie Land,. caUlld Little Brake, or Shortwood, In the occupation of Mr. John Bradford, containing by admessurement 45. Sr. lIp., more or less, boudedby the roadloedping from Whnsembe to Baznwell, and adjoining lands of H. Whsally To0ker, ERq., And others Lot 4, All that de-~ siraise Farm, situate inWinscombe co IInsptigafarmslhonse and out-, buildings and about 40) aczes of rich pa4tur and amble land, noyw in the occupation of, Mr. John Brsistow. The whole Of this lot,with thle exception of 'About. foar acres, which are frehold, is held on leaseofolives imilertiheToan andChapter of Bah andWells, Laot,% All that Frehold Cottage and pseoe of arabic land thereto ad'oin ing,ocontai'ning byadmeasurementl1acre, more or less~,now -inthe occupation of BL-. James Brolidbe&r, situate at Wi1mcombDo aforesid. Lot. Avery productivef Orchar, caledHunte's Orchard,oeutanlnng la. Or. 4p., bomdedby the road leading froInWOdLesrowthaWis combo Church, and aoinig ads of Mr. Chapma and Mfr. fry. Lot L. Alil tat Piece of ArabicLand,Ocntainingabout a quater acre lynf In P.piece calle C3ox's Acie. belongIn to RAsh Rae Los6ad1 as- held on lease for lirasc mudstr the Desn And Chapter of Bath and Saviflw-Hadaoemodemrnitur, larg ChimnY and, Pier" -Glasrs infre alPseae Cut-tein a2wel ~odLls, I Ineerili atr,an latlaiou iects,rm.ilfo fuht ~ ~ alots I' tureoaf&allresidence mania-a 1rS3suLbyAUOIISHWOfrT and JARVIS will jtLS byAUOTIOr,a fr t Room. ou Tuesday, Augus 29 ani f.1lwing ay bmdma in FU'=T.TitRli in woswood. and mahozany, for &iedrAwing agel dining rooms, librarr. and aj viler and ehiinn slasses in ornamentia gutlframes, ....e.s an. Tnrkei carpets, ~erequitsto thbaleeping part2usntsrelthe um-al descripton red In exoellent condition, tabile porcelain andl cat-gime, auds 3ag yaiety ofuaesul itemu. May be newedthedayi,toed the sale and cataloue bad at the otmioee of iems. F suworthant andver coic an vlualeDMcrative Appendages, the property ESSRS. RUSHWO]tTHand. JARVISar .ALLstrntedto SIIL by AUCTON', on the P-remises, on Wed. rieeay,ugut2T anfollowingcdays. the mansion hruing been.die. Dose oftIr~er exellntoderm WRITIJiIH including draw.- Inganddinngoo appndaesorfthe vsnal desceiptin inrosewool mumahogan, and seveAl leade' work, writing, eanad o-oaslonsa tabes,andminr aticcsof Cabinet work in eatinwood and marlc, the w le ofsuperor mauLZfactUre elegat Carved eabriole chair-, sofas, andcurhsi white and !gold COTered in needlework, embroidered satin, elk broOade, and ether, expensive material, vr T.luable cabineta and tables in msxqueteriel. tortoisehehll, boule, endy pietra dura, ftne old ca`dadgl enetlaa 1.1cr tables and vorhire ad cystl gow hanelire,aud elegant~ or-moulo Frenh dttofor12 ight, glt ssens,and othter decorative Ites, eauifu spciensof ld resenand Chelsea china i's clerks,chimneymetres,vases, andlursanncent carv-ed ivory teitic an oherobjct ofcurosiy nd ast; bont 500 volumes of boos ngneafht~atre e~klibar tbls,cheire. and hoonkeae cblmey.garsc, eulala an carets,rnahgsnhsjllfittinge IL cloc inmsquetrioaee,highfoling crees edbca,mber requlsitesoaf in Te meeic partent, sverl lage tablesanprss,rssbrteds,efrgeato, cpitl opper cuinaxy uteniseghdade,a valabl doertsericeofDresden. and Eaton porcelan lomdr china tble sernocesa,andeut and engrved gise.T b days previous, and caktalogues had on theprms;ofhsin.Ae. and Co., 120 Mount-street, Groevenor-qse n t-teorso Messrs. Bushwoidh and Jaryla Ssiierw tgn-tet and 19, -Change-alley, Corchil. isle of Wigt-Wosic a desirable Marine Rezidene,.od by o.irec tio oftheMorgage Nde a pwer of slQe. - LI IL F¶RANis 1T wl SELL by AUCTIOlqT, ..1at the Pier Hotel, In Ryde, on Tuesday; Avg. 19C at 3precisely, 'tunless previously disposed of bY Private contz-act.-of which due notice 'will be give-n~ mtdeibk ,etlown xsWOODSIDE, situate 'on the beautiful estat faS rdHo , Req., inthe Isle ofWight,and commandin3gimostlSorely and unequilled-iewe. The comfortable residenceBintheS Sws styleiofarchIteture, ceotenigdiaingn3d drawing -rcoms, library, nine berooms, end aal requisitoce thesabe for eight horace, and carriage homzes, a mIiniture farmyard, anU orna3mental entrane ledge, 11 acres of land, end a capital kitchen ganrden. Tbeyopclty pentis great attrations to any gentlemzan requiring a marine residene or fond of a country life; it in eaEily apProethed being only four miles fromatbretown of tyde. Theproperty in lease~hold for aterm ofl1,000 yar,at .aground rent. For particulars and cards to vies, apply to Measrs. Tatham Upton, Upton. and Johnson, 22 Austiefrias; and theAuction MArc: or to Hr. F. Pittis, auctizu* tcr. X.-w pcr t sWd Ve nt uo r, .Ise oft W I gt. Bomeroet-Capital Freehold andi.u Leasebold (upwards of ooo IIHenetrldge Ash Inn, on Thursday, Augs aXR wl SL y aCt IOnl~e ate ina dieposed of b7 5secnrc). I= F 1 B EU'andAPPUR t2'1 & and 15Pee o Tb% edw and Pasturelend, atYenston, in-the parishof nB e,. Meadow, in thesehole&84. lrz12.2p. Alsoan Undivridedkoryrj,f'i~o Five other Pieces of ideadow and Pastre EAnd, at Ydnetou, eon*tainlng inthe whole 27a.2Sr. 2p. The property (whichinsinthe ooeupation of yealy tenants) is situaLte prinupally near the vale of Back. more turnpike-road from Stalbridge_t Winraton, and nrl near the turnpike-roaLd from Shaftesbuzy to Sherbomne; it In 'Fithin ishort dietanoe of the intended Salisburir and Yeovll1teiway, endnt a.convesnient distance from the market towns of Shaftesbury, k3herborne, Stalbridge Sturmlnster, and Winuanton. The whole of the property is feehod. wth te exeptOnf about 121S cres, WhiCh are leaeeh,,ld for tem-f wichupwrds of Qyearsare unexpired. Theland is of oodferiIequaity exremlywel watered, approached by good roas, nd he arohia saes ndChargesUrnlc oderate, Particulars of alemaybead f te uctoner,Bayord, near IWincanton: Mfr. 12,. enntt lad urvyo, Butn;at the GrofvenorAn=,Shaftes. bur; Rng' Ars, herome -zrwn.Bi&ndfqrdlMern:zd.Yeovil; BenstidgoAshlo; an of d 'rYslden Cooper, ESiQ.. solitor, Winraton; nd ofJ, H,sltn, REsq., solicitor, 161,Prcdly HLond lnd. Kril-oe.Ee.AFoko ~ Esre.-APoc ofneartly 3,400 pureH om logclebt fot.e szeand qualtof thesheep, the ~r,f Y1lcbard Blarchard, llAq., who lisa letvp`fa-By. Mr. WBDif,onThursday. Augs 21, at 12; I OMRISING 733US 43 ;fat 'sheep, 2Sk wether -1 a e 27 ewe lambs, 19 superIor taos, and upwards of S0 dozen 'utienofM~l~opposite thelIed loon, at Kirby-leSoke,~benginonrnlento bn-a he alon the premiseson ac- coun ofthetids thefrsahmeswil bem pre,ided ina boot on the grugns. C1ata2lonucemaybemhodon te rmsso h nad hr theshePmRIbSINen suntiltantalsa the pbuiltchuei Fa ir-lReSokeznrte and Ctchestaren%andOrcsihar;i the Hotl,Waton edof Mr bot iu theod-ow,ai,ondof, aridbyeelhArly,St Hot'. H unsatisgoalhbre,k who waig,owardthe bypuarer teonappolicing.10 nl andtborleylhf, il-mpourt,nteand ve luablexFreehod e-tasheds, bontdean steedAbnoftt.,itrLeargaret',, oad and dGrat cmvednwell-l InM. C houseFFContatnn lb Salisbur wims Yarnnrn,Hetfo.dA on Thuirsday Aibe-ugut1.a2 inus tandtaerno'sSo,ith cuaonOf3r 3Bulesab en kice adn,anddago AMYHte ocard St. Mgrthe best partdo Sanstead-street, ag in the ocpto of patoliCneL Alln, Rq Esub-' timbe-built dousl ote and Bakrcshord, inea the occuatlon- of Mr.ll FourlcosofAmbe lnd, nWhele's nefung-fdel Comunous- sdtreloace fwatnd,ints.e-Rinread, cotaininCttg 6.Z.1p. beieed aS. prvlustothessle, byev fhtnnsand Sncr- S LLb tiulr ith pns, may t be obitaed aLt. Thverinn B at rSt oneieadpaye Aufusale; oftews foraveryeligcodrd ande CholmleT, 0, Hews-sqare, ol eAstablis-tan-mof Mr oWit.h(Lear, t. Margarset';andrrof nthe se MESSRS EUT AIqD an O il ELb LAU. I d.atth nWitel.arthTvern. Batkwthero Fri'Eaday of C.1 .P hlis a, slctr Ido; nolcraecland end Son, auctioneer and estate agents. W-indspor. L3ughiborough-road, BrlXtOn.-HDUeehold F-Urniture, -,0 dozen of ESE. PlantsIn Pot;, and Effects. MESS BELTON are instructedl to SELL by .AC O,on the PremIses the Swism Cottage._ Longlboroughroad, on Wednesday, August27 at 12, by order ortthe Executors of the late Mr. IsaaoAx~At thNOYEODFBITURE; comprisng maho-'any and otner bedsteads, b'ds and bedding andecbamberforni. tore lurge bi-ncr_glaues beD and other tables, chairs ceipets ad rugs, eilver tea.-pot plated artlclei, china end glass, kitchen uLterjsiU, to, May be viewed The day previous and moming ofMe. arid catslogneshed upon the rrernises; and Of P. and S.BeltZon, aurtiuneers 46, Batten-garden, Walthainstu-, Eases.Vualb-leI lrehod~ and Co-pyhold prope~is cOmstaeu~sevralPasilyteadrneelet on leases, Business P,remiss an Dellnghoues,in hebeat part Of the villag, and a. Padc frchMao ad with Cottage thereon.-By Mr JOl,at Graa',o usry August 26, at 1.2, in one or mior; ~ITA UARL FreholdandCopyholdl Estates~ comnV prsin liv sed failyes CMes a dwelling-house withx chop, end10 uelerhcac selcttaee,allBiutto In March-street, the best prof the ,llc;asaadc fabout four acres of capital moeadowlan. wth ottge heron,InBlack Horse-Iatne. leadmng from Wthraoto TOtnb ,whc several Properties have been let at rents amounting to about £10pe nnum. Valthiamntow isnew brought within half an hoursrd of the metropolis by means of the Eastern Counties Railway, Patul ill bo ready for distribution 1t day prior to the sole, adinbo had Of Messrs. B-romley and Aldri dqu. 1, Southsur,Ga -n: Of MOesMs Lofty. Potter, and SOn, 5t. Ring-stet hapie fMeies, Lowleu sand Helson. 2, Hatton-oourt, hedcdesre; of John Orford, len., Relq., ipe. with; of Mr. Juy aciner 9,Clman-street. enl at the Cho. queus Inn atentw in Gloceetershire,-V abeTithheRent.charge of £10 erAnum Perpetusal Advowson arid Next P-resentation to thove 'frafge of Ilyrock,. and a DwellgOUSO,wltlsparm Buildiugg and 1P0Acrer of Laud, in the same parish-By Mar. J UlY, at Garraway's,on WeVdnesday August113 atis, in lets, AVaubl en1lt-cbarge in lieu of tithes, onl and -Xarinug Out Of seTeral fams,. lads, tenements, and vremitses, in the p-arish of Dymock, producing- £1 per annum, subject to soein deductions. The Pernetual Advosreon and Hext Prese&Ata'in to the VicaAeand Parish Church, with good po~h ouse inDyrso aforesaid the presenit incumbent bein Inhis shyaru. A Freehold Dwelling-houses, with-uorn and out-lrUn, with 10 acres Gf meadow and orchard land, also in Dymook, which is situate four milds from Ledbuniy 12 minles from Glocegter and Great Malvern, and abixUelss from a station on the Glooegter arid HerefordRailway, P-articuj,ae my be eiad prir to the Wae, of N. S. X. stinneeg, Rq,soli- citr,61 W -street- of J76,nes W-intie Eso,, soUlicitor, laybsm Gloceetershire : of Vx. ,1'U3;, auctiaoser, 319, Vaelman.otreet. Zoiidoeat thea King's ead Inn, Gkaoester; oll Inn, Woreekrir: Ma[tr%HerW ford;: Georg,, Hewent ; and at Gaisaway's Coffeehouse. ILoedhn. gseof Wgt-th~e Undero-Cllffi-Resdence. with Gardens PRleaureGrounds and Paddock.-By Mr. IIRAHCIS PII'ITS, at the lilck. gagH tel tChal, On Monday, August.25, at 3in the afternoon. T HEpretty Villa Residoiace knwn as Five Rlocks .L iCottage stuate atCh=e a zhotuc intanrefrome the sea, and surrounded byte mogt beautfu and romantic scenery of the 'UndereliLf. The honse is substantially built of stone, andoompr,es on the basemeet, drawing and diningrooms, kriitlen, glas closet, selullery, pamrly. end office: ontthe first floor, three:bed rooms and dreesing room'-o the top door, three bed rooms,A. court-ya,rd with 2-stall st;ble, Ca*rag-hones.wood, and coel-hxoni&, do. D lgttul pleasuregroends, kitchen gardens, end paddock, walled in. Th roperty In a short distacefromsthe Blaclrgng Hote,sendisbounded by the high road. There are coaches passIn several trinesIn the day during the summer monfth. Any gentIeman reQuiring a, marene residence, of mnoderte Pretensions, and to be kept up at sk small ontiay, should view this properl.y, It Is held umder a lease fcor three lives, no waged 50, 10, and 21 years or thereabouts, at a rent ofe£lSper annum ad renewable on the droupug of each life, on payment of a One ofW£0.To view7 apply tofr.I)ahell,CbaSe. Partirolarsry be obtainedof theauactioneer, Hewnort, Isle of Wight; or of Measzsr Wing and Du Cane, Gray's-inn, London. Capital Residence for a Man of INftyedence o-deard St. lawrence SomerseL.33y Mr. Rt. P. PlJi3 EF at the Hiandy Cr JuIn, in the perinliof Lydeard St. Lawrenc3 afocesald, On Frida, the 15th day of Augs niext1 at 4 in the afternoon (sabjeCt to such coDnditions us wil b erte and there produoedl rT e-sEpl and Ihrtac fadi h r mires, tZWigGt,Y :-Iot antdt,uctt ancn venleatDw~elling-house, withthe excellent wAlldgardens, well-clouL-dd Vith choic-e fruit trees, stablesz and coach-house, Out-buildings, ofoers, ito., for many years the residence of Mmo RIng, deceased, but now,in. the occupaton of the owner ; and also all that Clogs of verysunperior rastureLad, oelled th- Houmeded. lying at the backc of and adj oiniug tbabT Mnioeprmea.Tai lot contains byadmowement 5. r 2., adi numbered in the tithe EkMwap 1ZS.AandgSS.lot 2. ACloseof excellent Meadow l,ndE called kome Meadow,near the obeys by admeaBuremenit Ia. Sr. So-p., numbered on the tithe map 307'. TXhe dwelling-house com priss two igoDd sitting rooms, ci bed rooms, dressingroorm,attics, kitchenachbinapantries.oellars,Closts,and otherrepuliete ofllces,with two pumpsg cif geed spigwtr Tenrs churh tewitin to mnute wak, edtwpewa arc attached to the hous. Te lnd-ax n boh st. s.rdeeed,and the prec-ohial rates Someset,dMr Peaue nd foucer, oliLtY-, iear Lscomre Cambe rlan d.-Ve ry valuable a n d ext Ensive 8 tAUteg fo r S ala. -By Mr. C. P. HAIiDY, at the Bush Hotel, Carllae,-in the county of Cumberland, oii Wednesua, october l,at 2 O'cl;kin the afternoon, in ouch manner and nqubjoct to such conditions as shll Hbe then nrc- he Mlal siut fin the p F in th ceounty of Comber- I hfree and hrdta redeemed, constgOf an excelent dwstithe and about tbo Oabdgmearw,dsture,andod , in snddbf~ ~~~ peshiec and>I le ad highstate o cutiv ation, dly n well together, t ioughly d ande of ta w,ed wtered, and bondded onthea - ieb th Ie ampol U.p= of V0arsofti stt2r meadow of the ver3y -dnestdessptiDn,anduab102= WOu-Dd'l-, elevated poaition,esosdiga xmv'a pictursque prospect, inluding the Ulncberlandin An eten-iliveladh mm ina walr tommill with ovary requIste for working, and ampleWandta ater Power with a good dwelling-hose outbuidings- and gardenis attached Th et,eprp sty'vl tho exception of the woodlsnd, is a thethandsr o 'highl respectable eats.O thi iepnt hare manye igible ie for-a mansion.- 2.-All that ,auIes DPreeol a-dtlthe-eli-be sittes Called Fakrig?, also in th arso Yxgt,chompiigdag and vih- eryt%e superi-or capital dwelin-ouse andtirm.buldiasns reetyeetd the Prprletor at coniderable expnsfe, .o a ind commanding situation,arIe6 acresctherebout,of "I a, mI cmmandi pt t nthaocuptiaf a erye-enttenant for - te"01ya9rOCilmcu TeeelAtOMa uarem all th(es by andarevezoonv entlyatuatewi~ twromilesof ,tell es f simne, o Wton ct-he Aryport and Co arie Railway,10, mUes Of(%rbsle a easy diatiesuc of the SDoWYlwayith, are 'iheGo, a. a%sCn.e-Q tBEltVICES of CRUeL ad GLAZ, . gotii jA 12 joe 1 tUg uut.dor Effcts, n ~eiw, byLS the nma,WjK Furaltue and house. U5ta,aVI lo~,b. =baa.% atha itate, Wa"tches, JlewsUr~8le. :. AWgrel. lnare rit,Pte Xwmellaneous oun,~e am Terym emteU bwaa,eztel F4A Derchm; s oldan slvett*d s goodr of mall kind, rin apprel, Ot.ana,d beV ise d.imue, ntil. Clarncesad Curefigb scllrook sl oeeor Alere Cowse , ak co Greenh afLe porion. bSngold. te estaed)ls Onve hedepis..r Kfolki-Desirab Preehold. an r~s fecao nL UjfuL n gelo 12n 0cAT. n h nwaycmm latntLenadlcwc. t m In oom suiwdiug,n abutec 20ecosrsoueflral n Jameaftrefi ood, tbands,t o b its tsad-age as ubet woaomlsod.s. anle f-ihs ndteolacag areverisodeok,sndte.mprticularandse coedetosof wt pano befam,igdnn tayble, aduat whtherpin a act ot 1ns2am ieatrt Yeredai;mo Groo)itetr,raway':oofreldan s,t Of, finoes clot curtlafimrobl anTd at k lodehtrdsabnd and tme Se Soakdghreen-touoe croydonl, Turlrey.-Excelient ous,"~Fnius Pbambr -ox enitScempint four-eost Chna axesch &-nnygano a dig oAinPdoa Carnd ter Cardriag,e by Booker awerx. abltop Chair.Tw sandsderiney ale n C ss il fmes Grh fating Pl 1esrants n oir a j1~fESlsRS FABEBROTER CLtwo handsm AlE RXd re~-nTmu=serc ars,a To-morw Ags tet SELL, upon t kerA and thers a~nd lwn daRy wiUoclc eahIL yACINo thevatl new OUSHOi XU.IITUI0, onaariToanELeB~VAgan draw anote rest covredallmsoco) ;in te lbrar an alesnnra, an ites o .Tne cloth cuteins, rble carvd oak centr table, maqeeiek Fand Dalichars,cutlasechadeler,Turehoand2riuaer nruc, .'Lr bhe cekrdot. and Miclnousprisaoper-otyadFechbdeowtij, Moernt nnuseiesl kuritche, and diEtioffects. remer rome Garr+X&Ia IaatyBoe Momunt-treet, for Quen!rsurr, twoxaeg me.l and t te ofics o Mesrs.iaelwoiae, Ca of ndrLye,s lAnamte Pedinton-"a Tmbr Mrcant, nilen arpenters, Cabaes makers, and a othth rrs, BELbA wIOlla tSELLt bat UCTavern. on wther Frda rouusn2-ate2-for.% t raedCLSYSrse amble DKkN, Aug the at 12 thewll-ssocie conipisin aott y nlw whie, wed eel ad aten, 140sqars f reaned o0roSring, co,e hadon he reise; ad te actinee, anrdlans of-thset prol Re-and, and Miscellaneous Property.n NoA5, reCtreeO, Grmteior spaiou Ro-os, UTaerdy) St Aug.ln lTHRS.S2IT of 8Selest*0 L t 11 o&zr 1, lane, Tolmorw(Tuesda),v E August. 1 and olwn ~th ooemxe,ri sin laies an getleens warig atir,fpe r godr, gu, rooms~ chimey-lases,iro sae, nd areararetyf ue~fl efecs.io xModernt raouseholFrniture and Effectis,VemoedfronbGreatn Marl b=orug-sret furQwen's, taxdes.cireoe fo MRH . NOC AS an ll GASELLTHYwUCI SEL b3 %_1,a A,HUCTION,a teRom.2 F 'It ldUE iudsraon Welbeld bedusteads mattresses,e bedse and bedlm3din,juemdemhURNbrUrIU i gnside-to doubleande singAlengwabdtand, het rofm drawers dan cUurtaisTruely aind rother cmar-ydittroe,voodzad horoooo, rs occe,an es chairs to, ard,and, caitaln tbleds, adbeffoier chmny n pier. gaseeoole p1aitnseand eang3ravns,i chia,rglas an&ktcber rquistes.Onses~and ataogue badt te riooms, ffeBcm-steet-FYatecly ea BlacknwateeralHaute.Lahbe,j. ~IESSRS. BUC]~Lhis eo ndisONar ictucedt LOM wJ SELL byAUTO4 tte t HArtCTaIeN.,iiwtr or h Pid emiugst149. New for 3,thee CmlesE of awepabalAeD Intbe pre icupl ateon ofndrW Paursdt cotinn atogether aboutf 2aesEs vol an thers wadtl3UrhnShoct, ditneoheRylMltayClee Sau=dhure eflt, angheipovin rinue efntranowder othe greadin II aneilgae raomway. rearliuls, withe condtion lande plachns,f r raerr.ay b and cofnvenient.errima hend Donning,m solif s Au1ty friar, Lno;at the pxednlac low saent and ofD lears Bckandoan So, an prenm s an saybeveedyre tindse, or. dat3r L ofcs,RS. Orbz-sItHet (orfm8 Sequrlesre,Licl'- aboe, Bol-the-er-Svalubier moader of6RIa R frsinmor dkrawing rooms thrcarpets for-oldadSt,ve Aeci-cbansenc,-Todrtonebedsteapds, fesio abdle-bed oon r appenages,p rintings adea eraing,flect -bye. n viwChisnay, Prland Cl"oks (onmrl the proerteyan atteofie Mase,. mit, SeB-stree rft, inoln'sin Tanody 1,Looage asla Westbomnsgrovewest each way.ter. oeofteY spr Excellent modern ofrnitur ordEfemouslee,i Orguand byls ink.o Paitins ad Wterolour drawing,pand effecs, sremo rom a residence atunils.iewbo iered ndchte. M aIndotberandl GLetRTH wMicodn illiajr StELLeb jarCIO, attheir gn Itwopair o1f OldsBondstrelet. onk.Wednesa Augcutler, otfal the bxCtquliety, f-an,semodt otesnFTJ1tNff bumnd apgentseandchrchiureice, Tcompiewneadrowng rooa aniWe in eela gn tren bestlead, mrlwahsands captaloushdato butoedes andibedding arserebnet. piertmandecsol lsss nreadBses apt Hydew paintinge, aend water ooureTwd some aual at t gwoou d riate, Isdue-tone orgatMn', byviok, aeicelsUgoa chn,adctgas eustsfor ooc doitioin or ces,eantnueero uSeflefcSS. ToNbEiwe theda prceIng. Catalogueshada lUB. LOA wl ELL by AUCTION, at the Mr.TSDY uatU =sL rmises, 4. New B,ondar-street(uless an acepable toffer bexnee vieuantmatd= er, o nnmTeah ateso 12, theeich a b adlEEif dhescaitedal oUshilS Witdho6X. syopacious DeI1isWTAOutq couitin of th ve vaueofdsx pnd fournbes bhhued roomts,fourbdrwin bdrooms, w adrcis,coet,D goods porivt enrrance thed raouridtworbaitd andlarge rooim atn i edfraot0rear: onL the aamn,lar geokitchen,tsclimp car elars, srisl and coveieto-,orksho re neld in lexselo ears frondtin and reis mabwiewed Ci.Ibodr ony) rikt,to e alu id,ateMr doayi oflaces, 0,d Orlii.drceel otan- square.rhil Chew ten-sreee--SExk-s Tandnearfla Drewe-mo emaern Friuehand St sioner rehimni ijth ines,oehlver-lteodito.amML caes3ol and SilverTT. riving Dss isbAkl,Sre Mlet theLouse X willsraedLL by AUCTION, on Thurs d two "llwn day, at 12 each day, the w hole of themoe veRyITUpEro amTOCK;S cmprising a arietyobui Bp-anis , brlognz. Aandchn,ainkd kirodtting and gov borr odandfi siiepeniobl-cande wailQemn th5er% car-aes,so gaeld andlver mopunted smelling botres,n pablr ofnclared an gltaerens wlut-trto needlowor oountitg, rchlvpered ibandwm caed or. moula dandtoterastete,pair of2-nholIntr dia chinalarslineul Ser chia irs, and hoaeu, w pi of pi hIslo caitonls, eletorkc taock, vu. catint of-oocacuwtt mrleryo h beulty, fans, pltoigle botes, =arIctyboun lo ablersn churc adsoervhices, Toeviewdin Tuv'esda and Wednhuesda sttso nt n te had catathe aucinee' porfflices. 0 Hye-epark-gte, diningtal two sgaetabes suerior and meato suaisitiall-buitprim Resdence, ovelookngHde-ak dighly eiingtible- fur occuptiefono invtestmendt, .clIdotoOm;spro DjrESRS FaIm, Tw SEloHoL andMeLalCOTT Are6 deCXtedin .13k to offer fr y b AUCION ItOtheart.th THItsHDaYd Augut1, situeate and being-sdo., Hyepakgae s et Ion lease tbovan exDellen taubenantda v220 mpertanm ary~eat' E OLDET'=whithna bhe famify deIrd ablso smilaresiencyudMnxe, oH dre-prk-aep,us;eoevaent, but m ofdh valueo .2 pern annuplmm achounse centainsdou bertbouedros, two drgessn roos foraevatl ed kthnSrooms, two whandsomace drawngeoos, on.srerpatelurydNonroom, libratyn erom-rse pleteoficigtes andisheldefu abr 5 emars,e at the lowcafandreto pfodperiv annum, ,Both housaentalwereodltand mdodsust admirablymn adapbt esss rsead Pe ftntiO,nd are now3 in excllntconiton Mayd the viewed (No.to lbf orde. faonli),and coertiromtr hatd onen da prier ate cmlthe Mart an i!;atmao the ofcroMersMasurloandEliotu, varyeng and 1,beurirc hIn-lane, scnall. frsapegn uiooia oC estar-squThe E eulet aninary new mlooeme Funiture, hawndof CsaltnbChmne glredos Brouga-pion, axelndthenditon.l landffes ex letdd~guo the "yni, thAFreSEfLDeL' and ELIt,haen Wlsh. hounuse,n tredinstaucedo oomprbya ACTIONtr, o Thane aofRabalECIS cmprsn apitooad Spanish mahogtany -Arebletn and hi"redspetoabs,an enantriangns andpteriwubadir an wool airehases and oother bediong, welt-made substlanimallcay wuing Tedewardoex chestu rapiers,d mrleadn top waksb stadresntbl, and toba terilet o gblasesha,walnut-tre e drwinrhoomis uit,coeed intw handsome fhixtt counsistngotde-ko-stte loundges centie dian,ithpaise o rgehalo chairs, anHet ofg soixchitrs, eklee,rccsirnal, and work theables,r onine-tt, oth f Gookaeswthemrbl top; Ahandplat-lass Irack nirouterlo seln byawitnodr nb banedro M enrl Ean,ormh Patad uex1ired. ofec thea Premises, situtd o 7 ra Garden-street, WThteehaoeL acopelyftd-iSgahue capable of reBinig at least 25 in etek-oSgrRfnr n Cap'taliate, A GUSTUS SMITH is insructedl to SELL bv MAUCTION, inx the ab)Ove Room.- To-morrow, August 30, at 1j. In one lot, the whole of the excellet PLANT, wrhich Is moast complete, hsTin&beenpatlvJltteduipbyMe, Shears and Souc only absorttlme bak n scapablei of refiniug 25 tons of segarPe week &Ad lecludes aL munexior 8-horse boriseastal engine withgovemncsn two fee Dumps) dItt; in the mes xubetAntia manner, a 10-hoss "oah boier, with tro mfety vales ganes and. fattingi complete, -a 6-horse egg-end boiler. Aetted with.afty.valme gauges and aL smoke o mo, an ex- feae-woo= Taouu Pon -hdOti eater. about 3 feat in la rooaie-lsteamtehsi,fAted with brase owA1 es, . =~f gnMwetailiq=o pumpi, fatted with cock,, rgge= aLnd ding compltet, a6 %~Lnch gmn-metal b&nd-wmp. Syevea hunr feat oC 14-Inch and 2-inch seamm and water piesfmatted Wilts gnu-mnetalcock, 4,ineb steam- iesfaxed round thre BOOMs A jeam-pan, bOldingabiout li osi, threw everal Veer larg WrOht said east bmo steasma pows and tana,6 crasm with ime jib huistlog tackle larg scle with slings, about IIim o of weihts, A earlyneW POWerfu ji*5al2bIfliC -hifl, nddi-o .rup mnachine, a new large -a,ia-ca cl ciatese to mtai 1ium.7ad rmi ;u O?gL 1 t~ da okUthay be 6M 444 NeO?OT LXatte&cle, PVamdeorxtowD.-V,.ablqe Ieameeold Esae.le Sit or Mr," ~.LthevbbiO that i:haHOMUES, Wcm.3 egZ tomsst hfeyn or SOIM St %be hotQeesse-etreet. weL le -04 Ol ho but. may be Treatedfo bUt-h~ :~liai*re-Ellard Table-super~ of th --aavawr -ad7EcLg etV ] SE.PAX M n .&CAMEItO3wllS jW AUOflO1Ob ontioLb, uniae on MoXnday. A-ngtet 18L~ andx ~~~a~t12fr 1.the whole _0g thbe eicelleot HBOijg0Lj i a-4eRle ! F3O"hA and g~O hmogan feowjort tn hdiDherMattr*1006, feather beda and bed. wadietanUa d?ewW&7& mae - %0inY Chest of drawers, Seta Cg aud Maerwmtibes,well miad, ao -feet idebead wit maehl top tbe b o itn.a eiligm four glt armn enw ~ebP caindoe1rSleeLal pnaJtaqule, ba7~ Twkey and fenudees fat-rirona, aa.s gerl* elaed rtcle. hro ~iee,anreqiotcg, andmninerouna ect. heStraPeiouon *ad- on the moroinje of ule% PadCnh.gr semad of Meusscage and (hamerow. land gent anduirsie St Old 01Broad-eteet, and St. Alben',. WEOW.FI.SDTY.M0~ uture. - M -j .1- ED.GDWNwf SEL by AUCTIOX, 12 lor 3, the HUEODFRIUE nldn adoe.n sets, of ah,cmnywm inn al,aebedrete1 Mr. E..Flm nemer_odo;a-h 0 and on, r don; audo Mx oun ,eeknere,Eegaeur, ODR#D. GDD by AUCTION; On the IlTheentee1, he6THfl3 DAV,Y,Augnetf, L~AS~-wth ediaePossession, of the VILLTA E,47, Itharnton-ah,et Crodor, one mile front thO etuanion,pema..ng .atonle inn opn part of she connte, ith m0aeb. boose, atable and garden: beld for 1a years st £45 le,; &Lpe som.A1so.them is,ee83 at 14perannuooftewl. inghoee ad Chyietl Shop 82,AyletpDe, radgee..r~ No. 13,Wlo-)a. imodem ene1A~t2fe Ocel, -ehairs cetre tables, hleygaa,adohriesOnewnth at u~ o i1 SL ~AUCTIONr dish,suare, and setaee,cnanntregodaIne,we drawlingroozo4 and! eros h pe or aigave Of Hamgae&pPtdpao.ztfoveuk fPrln o ontoepretolee; fLnobs, a. litr1,GetJmestreet, BSedford-row; an fM.JmsSot,Zakiet-o In Y.,Dm a-nd Othsm-1e fald-Ielng,m.n City-road. p-?&. AMES SCGOTT ill SELL by AUCTION~ 2t to adoecreo!tbe Highourt es.Chaery,.with the approbation of the -)ofteroft%ol~tbe3und=whoccnurttheasbovecausemsatticEd Nfo. 2~ n-p se mot-od; and_Noe10 and4d ilwrnsbu. royw, ark-road, Iabnton, ptoducin; a met rent cOf0 LItiLh a-veer. anda groand-rent of £27 a-yewfor ljmearM-acued upon Roe, 123i 14,1k 1, 1.-1wo Paercd Hoy-w.Ma bet Lg -silewd bygardeno,t~ apect'elenntL annjuala vaylbe oftie fCsl,~F sOPict IS SOAX, wnt-and. cdly HAR eING WMouLon and ' *slcT AU, O. atw-n traMdrk GonMrge Gaycebrhoof Als., oarto Fownamd-won tboe,ehdHoeswihlrge elte w,alouloed marden ofr thka FrOPLIS, SONannua HARDINGWM SLLOb SELLb lionalir,MiredexTemed oncdaTin&o twdeoes wREH P&eraO.- ninly Arranged, atithe Xarg, gadn, thed whole co4rin aplt 100uzcet by fou eet. ndwhc b ayrerD the ocuepie d tater orLI aFpr.EicrLyan ESTm asVinuae Cottage,ilg Teebornugd ane Hcoun's-lrwn aopsnd a. wihled iatce-mon arelnsca vhbouhad in ftabe iwdtlithele taoe- =Z a ll ,stfAper amuxa , 'ofMrhandsomreo wxldeabetor 33,Stclelftqrebudry; at ol the Mr;axooprecedon, and rdeigngted8,, bughEach,lleL-feahlogh lClottage esidnzee, tand ingsbethin ae nopame.wthe-rerge ofted preet, aboutebone mile learn th on --h on mRithe Woodfatord Ra telfwoy. aTbe FaireNedCottaesl, aontaininguaevenbdo hanere, fyorettiWgood-, ansd, conveniet deMegictret o3ffics; oonsmatl. thaehXborse and df oe.- gardn,dHb pcd,nsns Bteathtree zwee el fth anro tiLtheat,Snfathuiada Haned onhepremlees ~.of M 7- icad OBRTSand RIon,an Haring,L3 bv,AUeCTIOIT.' JiunLOw .thA-4o Wideer.-Freeh Augus Vilafllatee Ait la rgSeHOOe HOUSEand atbng,. about oe mzoIle fontepRalwac Statbion.ro NM&nd-oad;S lotNo,r.ln and oARDeM, atl SEng LL byintc O5LTUa21um, at the ast,ron unepredaermAueus13.at years.aat a SSAE,atuaeo the highW atroado at, Houmowg eomricga Imroidetchen gardna,ucac-h,fouse jndetaligh oft&to - t£hole anm-;re alsomTheebudsmry ti-eace burnnmnVlllaev srzun,riinfrr Lwarod, anTejeant,- 1e,Bwerford-ol 'abthxeMartdear of thepug,.- RD OBERTS andl ROBY will SELL by AUCTI0X; JLiat the Mart6 on Weinuesday. August 27, at i% ay orer ofEhe HOzSE andsley SHOP,uird`e , Prvlene-raed,tCambridge-ra. tdieeW.rsd lT. AtWoODr lane anthr, at renTIaONtin at£2t 5.peeanum,and bldioat 2 fox~r edrecu f1 yaLa 3Eroun ret o £ FIVE annum.0XJ Maybe Uewed, and partiularsad an teaTo;an a te amelIticse,a Sofier, and oobrgaxieta tciy PAGrenEnt wif SOPELLu ariin frmAUCTIOiN,-oe atnthe coBERsngDtS olaw otherpkpetBom bo,sutoy. ndfns stthoe7.e booaWendeisd3-,Ag0 2o, at 12, a rnodeur oedPtlig. erBnTA ofami £6 er; twmo, artingiou o capid buos ineho presGl Rnlobet nd o, T oefieyse, 84kons wogt-lreet. drmie-ni forgtre Inestetntr n eiswed. entn of u5 ntthannom, aring dt oieauo ttwe'sflei,olhoem.andssheetf.-sret OBER. CTT anrOBw i SELLLby ACIN .lA te mart, on wermdnewdy S.ugt27at2.n MB'E- at8fou.patdbcdfor ~earbeast£er nnm g oanomrod Ret. of per ann um, bredo fom aitri xubeateyuithsendhp 12,tOldg haycdi-eee,xfdstet odfrtm of the yuaso a ta lrent. MayW berinsvreditt anmd rtuarhd a td cthesMart;a. teAUCTIoeeO' ofeStthdrj. oorga_-tret city. -tre%olen IMILLAHMUS, PY'ZIMc tor aouo3 S)BRTS aDICKOBN anll SAELNPbORUTatiON at theu Mart one Wednesd, Auus 2. tL 2 by A'C orde of the Eiecuos, of Cfrow. Ann Pro_lwn, donaed TWO nedat Asemi3-detaeI COTTGE BSIDEOI00 wit feeuute an good ga'dne mee desraly itat, ad ein lce SadS Qofcrbpace.; Iteborhld Stret, owe-rod. ellittn, rodcin a entals bottl0 er ltnnmnt -OthILegeslInetrlumeuts, 63SCOTCHEt is- ft"ued with inittitions t SELLL by A'UCTION, at the Roouie. 21, o!d Hood-street, ox Wedne Tay. g 13, at I fee of'iwri cc s new and second-hb-l PIt',Ose-n by Bteadwood UnIadand Collard, Worun,4 54 other omlitnt miakese also aI atop hamreuoinn, in rosewoo4cae and aeveleatwothr, deedda and eagle acton harpabyF-Est, AZ. ; =oe tiber with ceuicetinas dieter, uoalitu and other umeical Ins-trumeate. -being the ontire stock of lIem,. Ohapmzna of oxford, removed low ceecesiene of aIle Msybse-stwedthe daypror-an 0oeLngO sale Catalogues had at the recoes, I1, Old Bon&tlrest; IN r tOf ae THIS DAY, and seven fsllowlw damt 12 each day,-My SOU1tvf ~d 0 th RiStitel o Mr B,. Lambs, JJ~UNGRAVINGBooksUhe" Weebate-Od atits 3)r'T - benlev,abu d. and estel,,gaerjtad. - At Booth's Warehmme 2: Bdq, OILte on urt Aug"s12 atX TfHIBY.PIV new WnTW Rick-dOthX.O *0 wter-: lwOitrealle,2,05 hecar said blni&esAt Iagal Wooi-pa clocks,1~jle banseie rs,liOh 20 dom ece tie.
