DEATHS. 'On the 27thL uIt., at B3edford, Sarah, relIct of the lat fr Wiullr Iznconst Odell, in her 63d year. e z. W am On the let irst.. at Romford, to the great grief of his reisttyes, and deDy ertted by a numerouscircle of friendi, fr.W . T. Thwa.tes, in the 21st year of his age. On the lst ist., at Seuthses, after a, prlonged ilmnees aged 27 l3aunaah Mar,, eldest daughter of the late William EarnAswia, Ftq.b of South Lamateth, Surrey. On the Zd inat., Luidenly, a' Brighten, aged 72, Sarah, widow of the lateRobert Penke, of WaRtham AbR y, DRamo On the 3d iest., at No. 1, Mrtahflorouglsplace, St. Jobn's-wood,in the Gfthteari of bsasge,re derickHeeeyGaAway.Esq,inte of the Ialand of Dominica, Went Indies. On the 4d inst.. at Berresidence, - GeAiagtl-street Car den-tora, ir. Eiaybeth Pratteu, iged 64 years. Onthe 43d inst., at Tavershacr, Norfoll, aged 17 jeaS, Anne tiayers, eldest, daughter of Rtev. B. C. Burton, Rector of the above place. On the.3d inst., aged 17 months, Chrstopher Herbert, only noao(f the r1e-. Ja-mes BildNaxd, Rector of ngolsby, Lincotnsliree. On the 3d inst., suddenly, at bis miother's residence, D)everell-etreet, Dover-road, London, Jamers Gates, aged,281 years. On the 3d inst., at leeds, deeplyTlamented, Caroline Agnes, the beloved ineo of Gere G ewerWoodward, Esq., aged24 P On the 4th inst., at Brighten, General Sir Jefibry Frendergast, Onx the 4th teat., at Ovingtoa-zqunre, B3rempton, James Veitcb, Esq., 2I.D., Deputy Inspector of.Hospitals and Fleets, aged tO years. On F15riday. the 4th inst., after a long9 period orsevere auffering, Mar-y Amim, wife of Mir. Win. Southwood, of Parliament.street. On the 4th inst.. at I, T~esrace. Balbans, Laura Harriet, the infant daughter of 31r. John Ansted. On the 4th inst., Wiluim Theuson, Eq., Cowley-hill St. Helen's, Lancashire, aged 34years. On the 4th inst., deeply re=rtted by her famnily adfriends, Sarah, the beloved wife of Silaz Gals-worthy, Esq,, of 52, George-st,reet, Port- On Friday the 4th Inst., Suran, eldest daughter of the late W. P. Ritt, Pz1., of kensengtou.square.
ZfO2IY§-MABKBTand CI:YIE2LLIGENcE. Saturday Evening. The English funds at the commenicement of ausiness to-day showed an inmreased tendency to zeaction, but the market was less duil at the close. CcnSola, which left off yesterday at 95-2, were firt quoted 951r to J. Towards the afternoon they returned to 95q to i, which was the final quotation. For the account on the 7th of August the last transactions were at 961 to k. Consol Scrip left off at 4?r to J premium ; Bwfik Stock, 217 to 218; Ieducec,- 9 to .4; Newr Three per Cents., 96; to T7 ; Annuities, 30 years, 181; India Stock, 232 to t?4; Exchequer-bonds, 100k; and .ndia Bonds and Exchequer-bills, 17s. to 20s. premium. DMIoney remains abundant in the discount-market at 4 per cent., and in some very exceptional cases vansactions have tak en place even below that rate. Foreign securities were steady, with a moderate nmount of business. Further variations took place inlTurkish Six per Cents. They closed yesterday 104l to A, and opened this morning l3i. Sales then cansed a fall to 102, butultimately arecovery {occurred to 103k, and the final quotation was 103to 104. In the Four per Cent. Ruaranteed the transactions were at 105k and 106X. The general bargains comprised-Brazilian Five per Cents., 102k; Russian Five per Cents., 113; the Four-anda-haLf Der Cents, 990 and 100; Sardinian Five per Cents.; for the account, 92: and 92; and Dutch Tour per Cent. Certificates, 9%r The final price of the French Three per Cents. en the Paris Bouse this evening vwas 72f. 5c. for -the end of the month, showing no alteration. The demand for gold for the purchase of silver -on the continent continues, and a further sum of nearly 100,0001. has been taken from the Bank to-day. It appears from the Belgian Monitentr that the plan -of Mlessrs. Bischoffaheim, Brugmann, De Brouckere, De Pouhon, and Oppenheim to found a Credit Mobilier at Brussels on the same principle as that at :Paris has been indefinitely postponed, on an objection of the Mi-nister of Finance that, at the present maoment, it would afford a stimulus to gambling. MJemorials are about to be sent in to the Customs by some of the leadingr firms in the tea trade for an -extension of bonding privileges, the warehouses at present available in that department of business being inadequate. Since the throwing open of the I:Ast Indian commerce the tea trade has nearly 4doubled, while the warehouse accommodation remnains wvithout material increase. The railway meetings during the weei; have not been numerous. The shareholders of the Dutch Rhenish Company have agreed to a dividend of 3s. 4d. per share, and the opening of the junction between Emmerich and Oberhausen vwill, it is stated, further assist to develope traffic. At a special meeting of the Scottish Central Company -the bills promoted in Parliament were approved. 'The shareholders of the Caledonian Railway have sanctioned the bill for making a line from the :Forth and Clyde Junction, notwithstanding objections raised on the ground that it would be a competing undertaking -with the Scottish Central. At a meeting of the inhabitants of Trowbridge resolutions were passed in favour of the &evern Valley Company, the proposed route being -considered satisfactory. The N\ew Brunswick and Canada Land Railway Company, projected ,with the view of connecting with the Grand Trunk line, and thus completing, the railwav route to -Canada through British territory, have issuied proposals for raising 220,0001. out of their 800,0;01. of requisite capital. The shares will be in two classes, -one enjoying a guarantee of 6 per cent. for 25 years from the local Government, and the other having no ,uarantee, but carnying a title to 15 acres of land per share. The specie arrivals of the week have amounted to 430,000l., including 330,0001. silver. The exports zre estimated at 3 ,000,0001., of w hich 770,0001. :onsisted of silver. Advices from the Cape of Good Hope to the 3d of Mday have been received. From the frontier there 'Was no positive information of difficulties with the -Caffres, and theprevious reportsv ere alleged to have been exaggerated. In the neighbourhood of the -Orange River some of the B2suto servants were leaving for their counh-y -with cattle, goats, &c.; but the Boer farmers, anticipating hostilities, had taken the precaution of strengthening their position through the assistance of relatives and friends. The annexed information with regard to the proress of En,glish mining adventure is condensed from the Mining Joulrnal. The mark-et has been dollthisveek, and prices, narticularly, o0f large copper mining shares, have coasiderably declined. ~fihia has been caused by the rather sudden jail in the price of that material. The divideads declared during the month of June on twenty minint undertakings have amounted to -4.5,S731., but of this total lG,500L isrepresentedhb one foreign company-viz.. the St. John del :eey. at East Pool neetin the accounts showed a balance in favouir of adventurers o 3421. ; a dividend of 21. l0s. per share was declared. At Ccndurrow meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 5791.; a dividend of 21. per share was declared. At Par Consols meeting the accounts ehowved a balance of 12,411l.; out of which a dividend of 11. per share wvas declared, leaving a balance of 6,0111. to the credit of rext account. At the Sining Company of Ireland meeting the accounts showed a balance available for dividend of s. per share for the half-year, or 10 per cent. per annum, which was declared. At West Wheal Providence meeting the accounts were passed, and a dividend of 15s. per share -declared. At Bryntail meetin- the committee declared a dividend of 5s. per share. At W*heal Arthur meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 1571. At Wheal Sidney meeting the accounts sbowed a balance in favour of adventlrers of 3401. At Cregbrawse and :Penkevil United meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2691.; the available balance to the credit of next account is 1S91. At South Garras meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 571. At Tamar Silver-lead meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 9161. At Molland meeting the renort met approval; a call of 6d. per share was made. At Sortridge United meeting a call of is. uer sbare was made. At East Wheal Falmouth meeting tbe accounts shoved a balance in favour of adveuturers of 1,5421. At TDevon Wheal Boller meeting, the accounts showved a balance in favour of the mine of S3361.; a call of 2s. Gd. per share was made. At South Wheal Toigus meeting the accountsshowedabalance against the mine of 121. The Rihymney Iron Conpany have declared a dividend of 21. per share, equal to 4 per cent, per annum. WVith regard to foreign mminig adventure there is nothing w.orthy of extract.
TRADB BRPOBT. Saturday Afternoon. TALLOW.-The market closes steadily at 4Ss. 3d. on the sNpot, and 49s. for the last three months.
2BLTVAY AIND MTNZNh SHARES. Saturday Zvening. The railway-market opened with a heavy appearance; and - a fluctuation rangi'g from 5s. to lOs. followed. Subsequently there was a recovery, and although in all cases it was not fully supported, quotations generally exhibited a firmer tendency. No important variation occurred in French or Belgianl shares, but Indian descriptions continue to attract attention. Further operations have taken place in Ottomau Bank shares, and they closed in the later hours 4 to i premiura; Bank of Egypt advanced to Ij to j premium. Land shares presenied firmness, but the dealings were unimportant. Mliscellaneous shares were less heavy at the conclusior of business. Riga Railway left off 2- to 3 premiium; Penaumbuco, 1A to - premium; LombardoDrVenetiau, 0. to i prenium Eupbrates Valley, i to 4- p::emiui; Bengal, i- to 4- premiium; Ceylon, 14to; 4premium; Bank of Switzerland, par to i premium; National Discount Company, i to b premium; and Western of London B3ank, 2 to 3 pre:niumn.
NQORWICH UA`IO' DLIF IE.SUBRANCE SOCIETY. I Ad-M--f. I At the Annual General 31estng of the Society, held on the 27.h of June, 1858, Lieuttuant.General Sir R. J. Harvey. 0.3B., in the chair, the followring Ileport of the Directors, recommending the de^Jaration of a bonus, was read by the secretary, Sir Samuel Bignold, M.P., and ordered to be circulated among the menitere. REPORT. "At the last annuial meeting of the Stciety the directors congratulated the membemsup.n the success whic, had attended its operations; they are happy to announce that the transactions of the financial year now 6xpiring, exhibit no diminution in its vrosperity. Policies have been effected, iusuring the sum of z2E5,939 15a. 2d., at an annual premiu-n of £9,233 lSs. lid. * and annuitis immediate or contingent of e2£549 103. °d., at a gross premium of £23,.63 4s. 4d. These amounts wiiU be found to exceed the corresponding sums insmed in the nrecedingyear, and testify the confidence reposed in tho society by its conne,ions and the public. " During the )earending June. 1855, fo:: which the accounts in detail are laid before the meeting. the incom:e has reacbed the sBum of £255,013 lIe. 9,; on the other hand, iiaims have been paid upon policies insuring, the sum of 1S50,247 l9s., and £39,318 9s. 5d. bonuses thereonL Policies. insuring witll bonus £47,870 s. Fd, have been redeemed ata cost of £5,100 12s. Id. : £33,942 7s. IlLd bave been paidto anuitants, making vwith endowments paid, commissions and general expenses, an aggregate disbursement of £2F.172 10. d lGs. This has requireda balance from capital of £31,57813s8 d.; but it will be observed that amount p idfor bonuEces,annuities, andredemption of policies, in aU £79,3I So Sd, are strictly chargeable upon capital and not upon income. " The poUscyholders ace aware that the last bonus was calculated for the quinquennial period, terminating in Jume, 1S1, and was declared at the generalmeetiug heldinJune in the folowingyour. Another pedod of five years is nOw about expiring, and brings round ttte time for the quinquennial valuation and a furtiher bonus. "The magnitude of the society's transactions mustneceesarly render the valuation a workiof time and labour. and hence it has been usual to delay the declaration of the bonus until the annual general meeting foldowingthe cate of closing the accousts. The Directors, however, are desirous of shortening the period usually corsumed in making the calculations, and osmidering that the insurere wll be naturaDyanxious to learntheresultasaffectingtheir several policie, propose that the bonus meetingshal beheldain December next, thus taking six months for mafing the calculation instead of 12. Until the completion of the actuary's calculations it is impossible to prediet the balance of profit that will be available, but tbo Directors think that, comparing the aecount3 as they nev stand with the coms ooding-amcoult drawn out on the SGch of Jnme, 1SGI. thern can be no doubt out that thc amount of the surplu will be very considerable, nad justify a bonus fuly equal to that of the last <ivision. The surplus in 1851 was valued at £:195,028 s.d., after makingfaeserve of911 3s. ld. The total amount of insurans at that time as :t5,475.730 3s, Id. against £5,560;044 existing in 1855. The annuities payable bave not YariedL At the same time the assets have inewased from £2,15,697 17s. to £.,162,822 9s, 5d., while the general business of the sodety ba o oeen im-proved, and so large an additlon of new insures that nearIy one-fourth in mumber and valub have joined since the dato of the last valuation. The insurances effected during the five yeara have amounted to £1,322.799, exoeeding tboes of the preceding quinquennial period b:r £111,605. The attentlou of the boord has been recemtly especially directed to tbe rates of premium adopted by this society; of tbese the tables for short periods and special insurances have not been altered 3ince its commencement, and were found in practice higher than was sequired for a profitable budiness, and the rates charged by other offEces of equal standing. The Directors trust that their re-arrangement wiU tend to a considerable increase in thece branches of tbe society's business. "After the last annual meeting, the committee of director. felt anxious to evrry out the EuggeEtions then made for amending the constitution cf the soCiety in those parts in wVhco, through process of time, it had grown out of the provisions of ti,) deed of settlement, and for this purose caused a bill to be prepared and introauced into Parhament. Te bill was settled by counsel, and after due consideration waS submitted by the committee to a general meeting specially convened on the 21st of December at, at rhich it was approved, and a resolution passed that the ncsoaary steps sbould be takea to forward it through Parliament. Subsequently. however, a strong opposition was raised against the bilt, and, after three sueceseive meetings of the General Curt, hetdlto consider the same. and whether amendments might not be introduced whicb would obviate objectios raised by indiidual imembers, it was determined to withdrawit. Ina body so large as the No7wich Union Life Insurance Society end with a constitution so popular as that of a Biutual Life Offlce it iS inmariably found a matter of difficulty to introduce important changes, however beneficial. In dhe present case there wero two Special objesta, namely, to eniarge the borders of the society's operations and enable it to enter into contracts either more extensive than those provided for by the deed ; or of a cbaracter within the spr.t butnot withlin theletterof its urovlslons. It was also desireo to enlarge the powers of general meetings. The Directors were anxious to carry this measure, but they felt tbat it was not worth hzasrding the internal tranouillity of the society to do so ; a tranquillity resulting, as t-hey belleve, fromthoconfdeDsCere?ped in theexecutiTebythousands of msaures3attered overthe whole kingdom, and based upon the estima- tion in whiclh the company is held by the publie, after the honourable suerfOrmanoa of its engagements during jperiod approachingto half a century." (Signed I J. J V, Y, President. [Advertisement.-"' Wild Sporta in the Far West," price Is. 6d., by Gerstaeker, who for encountens with grisiy bears cnuning Panthers, and saage vwolves completely rivals Gordon Cumming. is the new volume of sutedge's Cheap Ser:es, in which have also lately been Published, Price Is. 6d. each," Whom to Marry," "Palliser's SolitazrHunnter," "The Piratesof the 3IL'sin4ppi," Cepovr's "Headensnauer. "Wysadotte," "Satanatoc," "Ailoat and Asbore"' and, priae 25. each. Albert Smith's "Pottleton Legacy" aid "Christopher 'adpole," " Valentine Vox price is. each, Miss Edgeworth's "Vivian." "Ma llonring," "AbEentee," " Enuni,' A., asw well M 140 other volumes, all equally suitable for seaside a6d home reading. In a few days, price Is. "Xhe Austrian Dungeons of Italy," by Pelce Oraia, s nrative of 15 months' imprisonment in the dreary dtmgwons of Maatua,-Lonsdq, Geeor geouatlgo y and. an , FaVrr!W AoMtv
I .. BRIWA Y rNTBLIG ENCE. GRE1T WESTERN. -The inerease of traffic on this line for the balf-ytar ending the 30th of Jane last amounts zo 58,39a. or 91 Fer cent; over the receipts of the corresponding period of 1M53. The increase in the receipts on the two Shrewsbury line. belong. ing to the company amounts to 17,b,11C. for the half-year, bemg nearly 20 per cent. over the receipts on those lines for the corresponding period of last year. LONDON, BRIGHTON, AND SO1T COAST. At the meeting of this company to be held on the 24th inst.a proposition will be submitted for convertng the borrowed capital of the company into a perpetual debenture stock, or intostock of the company, or partly into both. It iS else intended to submit ' resolution for reducing the number of the directors and regulating the order of their retirement from office. METROPOLITAN. It appears that the directors of this company havo made a provisional arrangement with Mr. Ricardo, h1.P., by which p per cent, during construction, and 6 per cent. and half surplus profits after the opening of the line for traffic, are to be secured to the shareholders. The subscriptions of the Great Western and Great Northern Railway Companies towards the undertaking will amount to 350,000L, ihicb, with the subscriptions from the public, make half the share capital, the other half being held by the promoters. The sum of 44. per share is to be paid up in the course of tbree months, making, with the 11. already paid, 5h, and the remaining 5L. per share to be paid within six months from a day to be named. On the ratification of this arrangement the works are to be commenced forthwith, and the engineer estimates that the works can be completed within two years. DUNDALK AND ENNISEILLEN. It appearS the directorsof this company are about to contract for the completion of the remaining section of the main line to Enniskillen. Tho length of line to be constructed is about 27 miles. NOAtTp BRTISH. At the special meeting of this company, to be held on the 15th inst., it is intended to fix the terms and conditions upon wluch the new capital is to be raised, not exceeding in the whole 223,272L- also the amount of guaranteed interest on the new deb-enture stock, not exceeding 4 per cent. per-annum. Agreements for workilg the Selkirk- and Galashieis and the Jedburg branch lines are to be submitted for the ap. proval of the shareholders. hIILORD JUNCTION. The contract for the works on this line from Iford to Johnston has been let, and operations are to be commenced as early as possible. The line is 31 miles in length, and the steepest gradient upon it is I inh75. The line is to be constructed on the broad gauge of 7 feet, and to form a junction. with the South Wales Railway. RAILWAY RATING. At the Norfolk Quarter Sessions, on Thursday, judgment was given in an appeal case of some interest. The Eastern Counties Railway Company were the appelants, and the parish of Moulton, Norfolk, the respondents. The Eastern Union Company were assessed for if miles of line in the respondent parisb, and in February, 1855, the amount of theirassessment was 1001. When the amalgamation was effected, by which the Eastern Counties took possession of the Eastern Union and other lirnes the traffic increased, and the company were assessed by the parish at a gross value of 800 and a net value of 6001., and were charged with a poor rate of 22-. lOs. Against this rato the company appealed, on the ground that the traffic on the Eastern Union had remained about the same, aud that the increase in the receipts had been derived from other parts of the Eastern Counties line. The Court, after hearing evidence, expressed an opinion that the rate ought to be made on the principle of the amalgamation. The counsel engaged on both sides ultimately arranged that the rate should be amended by altering the 500!. to 12SL. and the 600L. to OOl., but that if the Court of Queen's Bench should be of opinion tha',having reard to the terms of the sgreement of the 6th of :February, l854, the Eastern Union Railway is amalnamated with the four other lines comprised in the agreement and should be rated as an integral part of these lines, the case should be sent hack to the sessions, to ascertain the sum atwhich the portion of the line in the respondent parish is to he rated. RAILWAY TRAIC. Miles Fae- M.er- Total, Total. allwaya, open. ongersa chandise. 18iS. Isse. Week ending June 23. Northern of France .. - * - .. - 37,449 . 37,371 Week ending Jine 28. SWaterford and Tranne .. 7 .. - -. - . . 14S .. 143 Dublin aud Drogheda .. - .. - .. - . - 1,612 .. 1,434 IRISH RAILWAY RETURNS. VA UP TOip r RES lis1a7sZer DAfl5 As usuDa. 1858. 1.M5 Name of Ralway. £S5 . & s s. Belfast and BaUlynea, June 23.. 1,067 17 7 .. 783 9 4 BelfastandCountyDown Sne 23 - 283 7 7 297 18 5 CorkandBandon, June23 . . 290 0 0 230 0 0 Cork, Blalzeek, and rassage, June28 2691S 8 230 7 1 Dubln and Kingstown, Juns 30.. 1.345 9 1 1,33 18 9 DeblinandWliclow, Jun 28 .. 610 6 s .. 414 511 Dublin and felast Junction. Juno 29.. 1,254 4 3 1 1,o7 o 1 Intereston navaenBranch . . .. 10- 19 e se o L Dundalk and Enniskillen, June 29 -- 403 17 5 .. 273 14 9t Great Southemand Weotem June 23 7,59 3 10 7,93 14 U Iish South-EAstern,Jun28 .. 21713 2 245 9 3 Killarney Junction, June 23 . 8 1 .3s9 4 3 Londonderry and Esniskdllen. June 28.. 727 17 9 .5 93 13 1 Mdland Great Westem, Juno 29 4,55119 5 3,603 8 9 Ulster, June 29 . . . 1.45512 0 1,233 911 Waterford and Limerick, June 28 1,253 10 9 929 14 9 Waterford and }lkenny. June 28 3co 6 6 6 235 19 11
STATE OF TRBADE. MANTCHESTER, Juyr 5. In cotton cloth there has been a fair aggregate amount of business, and prices have been slightly advanced on the goods most in demand. The market has been free from a speculative excitement, but merchants have bought with greater freedom. Low qualities of T cloths have been in more request, at rather better rates.and printing cloths have been rather more saleable. For 36-inch and 40-inch shirtngs the demand has fully sustained the rates asked on Tuesday, both the lower and better qualities of the lastnamed fabrics being in request. In yarns there has been a more active market than in cloth, both home buyers and exporters operating on a liberal scale, and spinners, being free from stocks, have realized an advance of Id. per lb. on the rates of last week. In the linen market in Ilanchester a similar improvement has been perceptible. BIRMINTGRHAM, tL- 5. The week preceding the usual quarterly meetings of the iron trade is, except from the occasional arrival of foreign orders, generally dulL It is satisfactory to statethat ther is no falling off in the demand for the best descriptions of iron, and that the late prices agreed upon are firmly maintuned. The quarterly meetings will be held at Waisall, on Tuesday; Wolverhampton, on Wednesday; Birmingham, on Thursday; Stourbridge, on Friday; and Dudley, on Saturday. During the week some orders have been received from the United States for bar and shect iron, and theCanadian trade promiseswell. The make of pig iron continues to be large, and stocks are said to increase. The reduction in the price of copper has operated detrimentaly among the founders of the district. Manyof them have larger stocks of manufactured goodson hand than wasexpected,and the present loss upon these will be considerable. The chief finns of the town and distriet have issued circulars in which they announce an increase of discount to the extent of 5 per cent. (a reduction of 5 per cent. in price) upon finished copper manufactures, and ltd. per lb. uapon rough or unfintished brass work. The factors of the town-the truest index to the state of trade in all its varied branches-are not over busy. The winding up of the Midsummer half-year usualy causes a suspension of orders; but commercial men now on journey speak hopefully of the future. The cnt nail trade, -which for some time past has been at an extremely low ebb, is reviving, end some of the maLers have large orders on hand. For india the demand is great, but the tendency towards an increasa in the price of iron renders the manufacturers chary of entering into contracts at existing quotations. From an increase in the home demand for nails it would appear that building operations throughout the country are increasing. For steel toys (carpenters' tools) there is also a good demand, but it is chiefly for abroad. The tin business -the better descrintions--continues extreniely active, and our first establishmientsare full of orders. The palm which they bore away at the Paris Exhibition has led to a great increase in the malke of first-cla3s articles. The principal foundries and establishments of the neighbourhood are in average -work. Additional orders have been received for railay stores, and one or two further local contracts for tubing, Ac., have been talken in hand. So immediately preceding the quarterly meetings it is impossible to speak with exaetitude of the absolute position of the hardware manufactures of the district, hut their operations indicate activity, if not positive prosperity. NOTMINGHA4, Jy 5. Thereis still a fair amount of business doing in the hosiery trade, chiefly for the home supply. Tha Americane areconsideredto have completed their selections for the present, and preparations will soon be commenced foS the next season. Prices are gradually creeping upwards as old supplies of yarn are being worked out. Cotton is firmer. this week, and silk 2s. per pound dearer. A good biusiness also is doing in the lace branches. American orders are in course of execution, and a few purchases on German account have beess made. The home demand is brisk, especially for particular articles. Prices of goods arsontheorise, owing to th eadvanced value of silk. Those qualities which, somelittle time ago, were sold at 32s. to S3s. per pound now command 44. per pound. Employment continues abundant, and the hay season renders hands somew;hat scarce. TLEICESTER, Jay 5. This week there has been rather more animation in trade. The glove department has been more active. The shipping orders are now about completed, but there is more inquir from the manufacturing houses, and thereis a disposition to place goods for the autumn trade. Wools are firm, hut un- atred in value. There is no improvement in trade in the country districts, but as the harvest advances employment will he found for those operatives who inthe sammermo-nths find but partial work. The woollen-cloth trade has ratheb improved. A. fair steady business is doing in the home department, 'and the foreigneor export houses are more active. To-data markets have ben qmte equal to what is generally experienced at this seaon of the year. While an average amount oflplain blacks and medium qualities of other cloths have been sold, there have also been some good purchases of heavy tweeds mixtures, and other fabrscs for the winter trade. The generallyfavonrable prospect of the harvest, combined with uncreased-esein the money-market, tends togive confidence to the cemsoefciil world, and altogether a good fall trade is ai4ivipate. The, 1rias of cletbisi woc 5 bays bqcoa rather firmer, the stocks being lo and the demand quite equal to them, but nomaterial change is expected before the opening of the s2Al in London. Only two Yorlksire wool fais have tobe roported :- I IOrthalmerton, Ju 2.-Ther5 was but v mall supply, which sold at ls. Id. to Is. 3p. per lb. "York, July 3.-There was agood lj not so much bj 200 shet as lst w= eoekl thed relativ numbe belng 700 and 500. Brices *ere a little under 'hese of last Thusy, as much as 3d. a-stone in the a of 1- prchases, but in the smaller bargains the terms were not very 3naterially changed."t The worsted trade at Bradford has shown some signs or riprovement, piece goods and yarns being both more inquired for sad Tather better terms offered, still, in pro. portionto the price of wooI, uanufacturera CGZ!plvIn of the rates which are obtainable being turemnnerative. DIUBLIN, JULy 5, With the fine weather, the harvest prospects, the setted aspect of European politics, and the mcreased ease i the money-market, commercial affairs have acquired an improvod appearance. Smithfield-marketwasmuch easierthisweek,and buyers bad a decided advantage in the business transacted. TFheprovlsion-sarkets still appear to maintain a tone of finuees, but a slight decline s:pon late prices had, in some cases, tobe submitted to. The Customs' receipts for the week, to r ursdayinclusive, were 16,22BI. against 15,289z. last week. Government stocks and railwavy shares have been exceedingly buoyant. B3EVFAST, JULY 4. Linen.-The past week has been a very quiet one in the linen trade, buyers confining their purchases to their inmediatevwants,and holders not anxious to push sales, being confidentof abetter trade before long. Linen yar in fair demand at full rates. Mlam-The supply at the late country markets has been unusually large, all of which has found buyers at full prices for good qualities. - Ourlocal houses areall moderately busy, and DO sieu of contracting productions is to be seen. Prospects of a lrge II fall" trade with America are, favourable, and manufac. turers feel great confidenee in the home demand.
THE COBY TRADE. LIVEBPOO JuLY5. noeretmms of ales of Britlsh wheat, as per "Gazette," for tb# week ending the28thlvlt., are 93.S5iquaxtersi at7e. sCd.perqoarter; corresponding week- 155, 84,791 quartes, at 75a lld. Per quater; ditto, 1854 57.9Si quarters, at 77s. 8d. per quarter. The flnenem of the weather this week baa checked any feeling towards speculation, and the bakers and dealers will only buy what suits their presen. requirements. At yesterday's market the attendance was moderate. Good qualitie of wheat were not properly lower, being scarce, but a decline of 2d. to 3d. per bushel on ordinary descriptions from Tuesday last sr acceded to. flour was also fully C6. per barrel and sack lower. Indian corneras more in favour, and the price was fully ls. to Is. 6d. per quarter hIgher than on Tneuby; this advance, however, applied more to white than yellow corn. In oats, beans, peas, and barley full prices were commwded, but no alteration in quotations vas observed. The weather continues exceedingly fine for the cutting, maling. and securing of a great hay crop. WAKEIEL=D, JULY 4. Thefine weatherhasitsusual influence onthemindsofthebuyers, andto-day the business pawingis very limited; fre3h wheat, of -wich there is a poor show, must be noted rather lower than last Friday, whie chambered prcels are difficult to qnit at a decline of ftiBy ls perquarter. In barleyno change. Beans dull sale. In oats andsheli ing no alteration. Wheatperquarter of 8bushels,Wlb.- L L L sse. Suffolk, and Sent, white .. 77 to 81 to S3 14orfolkAndAambridgo,;hite 77 - 9 - L IBed .. .. .. .... 70 - 74 - 7d LincolnshireandYorkshie,whit .. 77 79 81 lled .. .. .. .. .. 70 - 79 - 76 Dantsicandongaberg .. 77 - 81 - 83 lIltirand lamburg, red...9 - 72 - 74 Feterburg and iga .. s o - 60 - MIediterranean .... .. .. 50 - - 65 Egpytian.4S - 62 - 54 Barley,- Grinding(52ilb. per bushel) .. .. - - 37 - 39 Beans, per quarcer ofS bushel 63lb- English, old .47 4- to so - New.44-46-47 Foreign, new 42 - 4 - 16 :gyptian. 37 - 3 Oats, perstone- unglish.h 13a.- 14L 15d. Scotch.. I. d.13,.- 141d 1. Shelling, perloadoffltlb.3 . - 3 - Malt,perloadofsiximperialbusbels 54 - S6 - IOTT'WGEf, JuTy 5. Mfr. Tilley, of Welbeck, reviewing his past month's experiences of the weatheranithe os,Ps writesthus:-" June has been another very favourable month for the growing crops, Plenty of rain having fallen in thatperiodijt abzt the times when it was most wauted. In the beginning andl middle of the month the temperature was rather low, but the briiant- sunshine of the last fortnight has forwvarded vegetation w-onderfully. The wlhat plant has nou arrived at the critical point of flowering, and very stim warm weather is best for that process. Should 'he present fine time last a few days longer, there will be no fear of danger from that source. Opinions differ much as tothe present prospect of a good harvest, somen maintaining that there is a want of plant in places, and others that there is too much growth ead flag, making the crop liable to mildew and to being laid by heavy rmin. Should the summer be at nil favourable, however, notwithstanding'these conflicting opinions, there is nothing to prevent us having as goodl harvest as that of 1854, which was the best end most productive over kunowin Farmers are nowv busy Lay-malkng, and the crop generally is reckoned a very heavy one, making iip for the short one of last year. Tornip5 have brairded well, and these sown early have escaped the fly; but it. has been rather nisehievous of late, smce the warm dty weather has set in. Potatoes, both early and late, are looking well, the earliest varieties being now fit for raising, end ere good in qualityNo sign of disease has yet appeared amongtthem. Such a total failore of the apple and pear crophas seldom been experienced asin this year -whole orchards aind gardens bing wvithout a bushel of fruit? The supply of wheat at our market was less than last week; aud though the fine weather had its usual effect upon the buyers, they could not get vhat they wanted at lower p.-ices than those then cur, rent. Oatsisudbeans supported their value. Presentprices:-Wheat, wvhite. old, S0a to S&. per 3D stone; new, SOs. to 3Da; red, old, 7s. to 1s.; new, 74s. to fs.; barley, for malting 41sto45s perquarter; for grinding, 3S3. to dOs.; oats, old, :Os. to 35l per 24 stone. LEICESTER, JUrY 5. With the exception of Monday, tb oweather has been beautifully fine, andthe crops generallyhave wonderfuly improvedl, The warm sun of the last few days has forced the wheat into ear, and it nov appears most luxuriant. In' the early part-of the easson the plant in some district. appeared thLin, but the fine weather has completely restored it. Barley iss greatly improved, On some of the strong soil the plantf does not loole quite so well; it hen hardly recovered from the effects of the heavy rains at the litter end of May. The oat crop in progressing very favourably. Beans are scarcely ever remembered to have blossomed more luxuriantly. Peas in alldistricts are looking vrell; the bloom is healthy and clean, end the plant appears very vigorous. Sweede-turnip soeaing is about completed. WVhere the plant appeams above the soil it seems healthy. The uninterrupted fine weather las given farmers an opportunity of socuring their hay crops, wThich are very heavyLTabouiers are well employed, at good wages. There has been a slight advarce in the price of fat stock, At our own market, with a good supply of beasts, beef reaLlezd 63d. to 7_d. per lb Sheep were numerous, and mutton advanced Id- per lb., making 7d. to 71..per lb. At this corn macoret to-day the t,-ade in wbheat v.a heavy, ita reduction of Is. to s. Oats tbe turn dearer. Nothing doing in barley. Pricez:-White wheat, 79s. to -; red, 74 to 7a.; oats, SOs. to 3le. At Mhelton Mohebray whe3t found buyers at a reduction of Is. to 2s. Other descriptions of grain rather easier. At Loughborou-h wheat soldat a decline of 2s. DERBY, Joy 5,. We have liad brilliant weather, and the appearance of thr crops generally is very satisfactory. The warm sunny days have heen very beneficial to wheat, which is now pretty weeU in ear. In the southern districts of the county we are in the midst of 'he hay harvest; a great quantity has been already secured. The crops, both as respects quantity and quality, are very excellent, decidedly over an average. Upon heavy soilsbarley is Icokingindifferent, not having recovered from the rains in the spring; thereis, nevertheless, vcry anticipation of a good crop. The condition of oats has much improvTed, but foar are expreesed that there wilnot be an average crop; beans never at anyformer season looLed better; potatoes have come well up and regular. A large breadth of land has been sown. Tasing vegetation generally prospects are exceedingll favoumable. In fat stock there has been 3ittle alteration, At our own mark-et, with a good supply of beasts, the demasidwas dull, beef seling at 6,d. to 7d. per Ib. Sheep and lambe were hardly sonumerous. Motton, 7d. to 71d ; lamb, 71d. to Sd per lb. At Chesterfield inte prioes were supported, At this market, yesterday,tLe trade in wheat was dull, ata reduction of Is. per quarter, the beAt white samples realizing SOs. and red 7Si. per qua-ter. Barley sald at slghtly reduced raten The beat deszriptions of oats maintainid the prices of lst week, the beht sorts making 3S per 21 stone. B,eans were is. cheaper. Quotations:-lVhit| wheat, SOs. to ls.i; ree, 7bf. to 78s. per quarter; and oats, S3s. to . - per 2 stone. INWCOIN, JULY 5. Splendid suimer weather has prevailed, and aU descriptions ofregetation are rapidly improving. Respecting the wheat crop our reports are encouraging. In the neighbourhood of Spilzby and the East, West and Wildmore Fens it Is looking resnarkaby v ell The yield oi hay inthiWsdistlictislarge. Inandaround Grxmnbywhoet is looling very promising. The turnip Crop has felt the effects of the fly to some extent, butthereftenbingshowerswhichfeliafewdays agoha.erather checkedtheprogreesof the blight. Barley is malking progresE, and bids fair to yield a better crop than vw anticipated. Beans haLve flowered well, and therein everyreason to believe that there vil be a great crop. Oats are improving, tbe present fine weather being al in their favour. Turnips are not so well spoken of; some have been affectedby the fly. Farmers are progressing very rapidly with the hay hanveat. In the neighbotehoodof eooin somefieldshsve yielded three tona to the acre. There has been little alteration in the price of fat stock At Boston, with a good supply, beasts realized good prices. Sheep were in noderate s-upply, and averaged 7d, per lb. At Prterborough beastere in geod supply. and for beehof per stone wa realised, Of sheep there vas a tolerable -bhow, e at4o sellingfcr7d,per lb. AtNewarklaotwreesprieesewererealidfo beasts-namely, a. to Ss. 3d. per store. Mullet made Sjd. t- 7d. perlb. At this corn-market, yesterdisy. the suply of wheat was sll, and best5samplesof white.realizedlastweek'srat Inusecond$qu1liis a reduction of lully Is. was submitted tos, Barley was ates, aand without alteration in price. Oats were mn averagn shOw, aud maintained former prices. Quotaiionoa-White wheat. e to Ms.; red, 79Pe to SOs.; barley, 3is. to 44s.; oats, 27P to 3Qs per qurter. At Gainsborough the retesof las weekwerefslly anaintaled. firwheat At Alford the best saoples ot£white wheat made 753- indieed2 M. per quarter. At Boston there -wasadecline inwheaetofE5. AtNerwsut wheat declined fully s. &t Louth there a a tleable supy of wheat, which1oldat ra`is 2sand3elo0wer -At Sptaldingshedecline n wheat was s. to 2s. .&t Lynn, L to La At -Ieafoni weat was in imiteddemnand at anadvanoe of ls. toiS. DONCASTER, JUTL S. W-ith the exestuon of alituelorahi hiehfell ast Monday twee was fine weathert,aweelibetalower temperaethaulst. Aremark. able circumst Ance in couneyion with the seasn was tIe occurrence of a strong fro A othe right of the 30th of June, had thl mornSng of the lst of J',.l. Not only were the fields white over as i rinae. but the swthes of mown gras wre so stiuffed with leo tUt tbey - ,ould be lifted up in a mass. Had the pa4r eropa I,.#w meM forwa tbhA th w ere e fs TOul4 - doubtedly have cut off the bloometo a oonalideble 'extent . Asl is,% many of tlbe Young sms of whe' hbve been blanched, and the stalks t oroediprematureiyyeilo7, as! ire ass.maybe s btd barley. 7hesw recalks, however, apply. more :Particularly to thre ares agethre 1ev lamdb, and the crops wirhiebae suffseed most are those OI the Usin audpoorsoils. Onthe clay landsthe grain arop I,cvu als fec. from the froston hk a,ae,adlnseesC hyapa o bareescedtoa comsiderable exisot. In sme of the latter district wheatt ilookngtoy well. Snofslthe forwarist crepe iltbe iedy' for cutting in five weeks from thi time ; but many of the wheer,. ifields Present sackeward a-ppeanmpo from harLig b;eai rotarted min e3 dereloeacent of the ear. axwe approach rapIng time oinion amry coosidEsblyas to the probable yisld,aud this MoMiil a More Prevaslent die posiatiowas asiLndeedtc,nndn-.ate the appeneeblag prodane. Iti sll], howerTri beleved%htbt ~with favourable weather. the psis lbarrest of 1856-will prove folly an average sod something ore. Pthistoes in low situations have beerx extensively cut off by the froo olf Monday night. The hay harvest Is; progressing satisfactorily. The, crops withL few exoeptions, yield, most abundantly.. In thisa distrie the fruit crop is almost entirely a Wailrs. Atthinsmarket to-daythere was a fair average show of-wheat, 1but, buyers were not numerous. Holders were firm, andI only a tzifling busineis wea done. generally at s decline Of Cd. to IsL per lead (Is, Id to Is. 82. per gurtser) being about the smne redaction as wan effected t atWaLefieldyesterdiay. In beans and oats the trade was extremely, fiat, and sellr lead to accept lower Prices (Quotationis this day:Wheat! Sb. to ICe, per load of tires imPeria bushes; fine, 3ki he- lla-6d. ;blendcorne,24s to SLa.; rye, 185. to 2s.; oats, its to 29w - per quarter; fdue, 3in. to Vl ; grinding barley, 42e. ; neatiug barle'y. 45e. Thei trade inthis districtbhLsbeen dull,and ageneral decline of is,to2Is.perquarter hastaken plncein the value of wheat; at HewCastle the fall amounted to 7s. per quarter. Beanu, oats, and peas hAav miantatuedtheirvalue. The cattle trade has been easiEr, bat butchers stil complain of lb scarcityof Etock. At thle w-ml fair to-day tbe supily waf extensive, mostly dlealers? iota from Idneoloshime Puieeabhs-s gone up upon the beet qsuatitme tbe advance being from Id. to Cd per atone of 111Tb. Eates-:-Ewos antE wethere, ifsL 6d to 17s.;: one-third to one-half-hogc U7s. 3d. to The. - one-half to two-thirds- ditto, 18e, to 1Sa, 9d. i{ottlghamshire and. Yorlmbire rather higher. - NORtTHAMfPTON, Sony,5. With the exception of Monday, which threatened n-wet change, the weather haz been beautiualyfne, and a great quantity of &hapls beesagathered. The accounts asto tbeprogre&s and appearanceoa!wheat are satisfactory. Intheneigesbonrrhood ofWellinaborough whaleatgm come Into ear and looks remarkably well, Other sorts of grain am also progressing very fast. Iathe district aroundEughy thiewheat ear are very due, nd the cropsggener.olysive excelleit promise.Throughxout the country generally the recounts unirerOalyagree as to the promising utate of wheat, Barley is progressing favourablv. Oats are, or.tthe whole, looking welt, and beans ae'a very luxuriant. TIes crops ct grass are exceedingly bony, and hitherto have been secur a. in exceIllent condition. Fatstocis rsther lower in price. AtReegbr fair beasts were in good supply, eed beef made7Id.perlb. Our wool fairsIhevejust beenbheld. AtLelghtonltuzzard tre number of leeDes pitchedwwo-12,00. the higheet prtco Breallzed being 2So, ertod.. Mace, of thLewool was sold, and the avnge price was lie.6d. At our owec fair 32,000 fleeces were pitched, and nearly all 'were disposed of ate prices vawylng from 36s. to l7s. At Banbury the supply was far beyond the two preceding years; Z500 teds were pitched4 and the average price wae INs, 46. per tod. At' thisx market to-day -wheat was in io-derate supply, and pricesrshowed. a downward tendecncy the best white samples realizing 7fe. to-, 7Bs.,wandred7Ug. to 5sPieer quarter. There was not much alteratiox in the price of barley; oats were is. cheaper. Prioesr-Whtaw wheat, 75 to i8s.;rxed, 73s, to 7e. ;barley. 3ro. tolio ; osat, 2s. to 32a. At Daventry wheaLtrealiz5eel Theper quarter. AtEanhurytherea was a slight decline in wheat, the best while sampler realizing Os. 3&_ per hicheL. At leightonluzcard the beetdescriptions ofwhits wheat madeUWe,per load. AtEcookley there wasadecline oflsto dine in whcat. WORCESEXII JULY S. LittlIedeclinehasroccurredinthe value of wheat. Thefarrmersstil hold for highsrates, which milers aro reluctant to give. iEnglish white wheat, sL 66. to Ifto Sd, and re], 9s, 4d. to 93. 10d. ; barley, 5s. tre Bs. d At Wolverhampton, on Wednesday, Iwheat deelued3a.to2s., and other grain in Proportion. At Kiddermninster, On Thursday, what' fell is to Is. Gd. At Lromsgrove there was scarcely any diference iea prices. Weather magnifice.nt andtcrops Improving. GLOCETEE,~ JULY 5. The market was dull to-day, farmers asking extreme rates an-I millierspurchsaingsparingly. Es-glich white wheat, 7us. toNaf.; and red, lie, to 7ts. per quarter. The local mairkets have been generally firm. At Oheltenhem on Thursday, wheat was 66. per quarter cheaper. At Stow-on-the-Weld, on the some day, wheat averagedt Ml ts, and barley £1195I06.:ler quarter. At Hereford market,orn Wednesday, wheat sold slowljy at a decline of Is. toS2s. HerEford cattle fair onuTuesday wasswell seppliedl with an de3crip-. tions o f stock, and late prices 'were, on the average, fully maintninead. -The Hereford wool fair was held on Taesday enxdWednesday. and ttsr supply waolarge. On Tuesday lit.tle was done,purchasers deeliningtisa buy at the prices ask-ed. Business became bctter subsequently, pricax ranging from Is. 3d, to Is. 5d, per:lb. COLCBESTEt JcULY 5. The supplier in these marketsohLvea againbeen scrol of wheat, but dec general quite large eneugh far the demand, said, as the millers basv been rather reluctant buyers, prices have given way. In this market; to-day wheat was IL. lower, but little was sold at threse rates. Ther biglness price oftarebest whitewtea 4s,;reel,7li Ihothergraint thre was little doing. Yesterday,.atChelmsfeor,the supply wasocanty,bat; there wras little disposition in the merchants and milles to buy at late, rates, rend the sales effected were at is. to 2s. below last week's quotatlons. White 'wheat, 5i5s. to 1Si.; red, 5ie, to 7er. ln the Suffolk markets there has been adecline intheatof3is.to2so.; and onTiursday, atBishopsScortforl,thefallwas 2s.to Is CAMiBRIDlGE. JULg 5. There has been beautiful weather during the weel; with scarcelyany rein, The wheat crops are looking 'well, and from present appearainceszthe harvestwillnotlho-late- In theearly part of the aeciI month itis hopedareaping will be ocommenced. Beansareinuasatsfactory position, and it is expected that there 'will be a very laxg,. 3-ied. The accounts respecting the barley crop vary, some being, represented as exceediDgly fine, whne others appear irregular. The yicld of peas eidl] it is mid, be lre The hay harvest in rapidly progresming, and the result is verylhvourable. Turnip-hoeingis progressing, but, hands being employed inx the hay-field, it is rnot proceOeding so well as could be wished. At to-day's market wheat was in fair supply, and the best samples; of white were disposed of for Ills. per quarter. There was not muxch demiand fer barley, good sanptes bring sold for its per quot~a.. Beans wre rather cheapeithlanlastweek tTVhitewheeat, 78tS0&o e; red, 7ds. to 7Its. At toyseWn -wheat sold at a decline of is., per loaa-. At St. iNeots the some fall took place. At lEly the average pri,ce ol wheat was0s.de5. per quarter. At St. Iveteit mid ateareductionofI Is. teds5. NORWICH. SonY 5. The weather has been fine throughout the weekL The wheats a o generally reported to be busrtiusg farst into ear, end, shouldl ties 'weathEr continue equally favourabl-e, a very gratifying result is anticipated, The harley crop pr-esents a variable aPPelarance, but on sore fames where the conditions are favourable it prmi.ses we]ll Peasant beans Lre well spoken of. Few so'mptoms have yet appeared of the, pDtatoc disease, and hoper are entertained that it has entirely disappeared. The fneittreee have been insmusay cases blighted, and the aPPle crOP well, it iso reported, be huit scanty. The hay has been generally secured in good order, sod the swathe is heavy, The turnips -a very important crop in Norfolk-are, on the whole, doing well. The local markets have exhbitied a downward tendency within ithu last few days. At King's Ijnn, on Tuesday, 'wheat wran do to es. lower, and at Bury St. Edmun&sa on Wednesday, and Bungay oil Thursday, thie decline was about do. The decline was continued he et to-day, wheat being do. lower, with a fair supply. Ire other corn bat littledoing. The general prieeofwvhli wheat was 76s.to r-e,, eand of red 72s. to 7Cr, per quarter. BEADING, JuarL 5. The susicions weather has enatbled farmer to gather in thaeir hay crops, which ae universally reported to be the largest ever rememleered. A great mnany ricks hav-e been built but stil much grass remainsto becut. Yesterday the BerksMilitia was disembodied.andI most of the men have returned to their respective parishes, wheresample employment was awaiting them, so that before the end of tIsa next week, should the season conetinue favourable, the hay harvest isill be brought tooa close. The respect of the wheat crap is meat promnising, and theyiled will, it is expected, be abundant, On some o! the light gravelly seils the suminer comn presents the appearsanc of havingsonfferedfromthe heat, being almost.scorcede urp. The turnips and meEngoldwerzel in some plecesrappearvTery mnuch to 'want ratin_ As resrpctsfzesit,there,wMlbeagre~at scacity. Thepota~tocropisepokess, of ever,ywhere asluxuriant. The stands in theCorn-Exchangeto-day'were miyuDidwtwe'AreteltuuswSwiL atthe faUtermosof lastmarkeet.Tt,erevere, however, insiaueesiniwhiclzt calers submitted to areduction of is. The best white wheat realized. from 7Oe. to Its. ; secondary sorts from 74s, to 7he,; red, beet, 74s. teSts .: middling descriptions, CSOs. to 7ta,L ; Barley was firm, and rates terse ratherlsigher. The figuresran3ged from4~s,to44s.percquarter. Fewlets of oats wereonoffer, andpricesruled firm-Ste.to2le. forTacinry ;sad. 2Os. to3lis.for Poland. The fineweatherhas had ade-pressing effec,, on the counts-yreark-eis and thera has been an av erage decline of isto2do. Thewcol fair at East ileeyo n Wednesday,waslargelyxaupo. Plied, mnany dealers from Yorkshire being present. Trade was brist and theis rimes realizedl were :-Ewe wool, iS.L 6d. to lbs. ; mixed, ditto, one-third tag, lie. 6d. to is.&; and teg ditto, Ble. 6d. to te. pc ted.- The only change we have to retort in our corm-market sinos Tersecday is s. rather improved demand for oats to-day, but-we do root slier cer quotations for any artiele.
TO TH2 3DITOiR OF TH, TIMaEg. Sir,--In your pape yeseiday there appea&s a letter eigned "William Cobbett," wherein he says that grealf w-ase, " as I hear, occurred at Newgate-market lass; Monday. when and where noless than 10 va loads of prima meat stunk for want of buer" I be4 to state that on Priday and laurdar last larema quantiies of meat consigned from Scotland an other parte. of the oountry arrived at the London market in very bad conditLon, and unavoidably became unfit for human food. entirey in consequence of tle weather suddenly becoini so very hot; and that 3[r. ]'ockliogton, clerk of Nergate. niarkeb, Mr. Daid&eo, clerk of Leadenball-niarkt, an myself were enagd until 11 o'clock on Statuday Dight in. removing from the city arkets all mceat and poeltryin x putrid state; threfore there wras not any stinking meei re., nmaining in the alsen's slhop ou Sundaylast- a stated 'y Mr. Cohhett. Tnle amoenb of meat so ufor n*a'e desteyed must hare oeen nearly 15 tons Your obedient servant- CHARLES A SHER I3pecrot Leae ftor the CityoL
PARZIAMEYTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF LORDS, MoINDAY, JuLY7. aLMztOtm% nh to Tote for ItePresentatira 1'eers for Scotleand, ,,sriof ttiehCh-imz vto at for enaiseeem lot Iselmad, Earl Beolmoro's Claim to veto for Reprugentativo Peer for iceaswid, Lorzd BbLAy's Clam to veto for Representative Pleets for fecund, Vo3unt GuillazaarehtlClaim to vote for Reprecentative PeeOrafor Ire' lacd, Grandlison Pleerage, Lov,ed goexI.eLrd BelloW's Claim to vota for Re;,rce3n tstlvePccrs for Irdlan d, -(Xmmittee fo r Privile gw to muet on Mousday. the lila of july, at 2 o'clock. Lord High Steaesd of Lr.slasd, claim to the ofaice of.-To be conilCdred oxi Monday the 7th of July. and the Lords gummoned, Iale of Wiglst Stroam BRidge anid ApToocbea Blll tropolitart nill~v, Bil. aresyValey ailay East Ind:ian RailWayComp%nY Bil,"Se Naha tion fmialrrvemnon. Commiiasion Bill. Cleotu.Y deon ard Croydon Ra.ilway DIl4terUng and Dunfermllne RailwayBll Ilunlano Booe, asi alln Riwat il Rboeyddi RailwayBil Cenwy ad LsnddnoBoat Bll,bioireof iocond Beading for Weis LodonandUsysal 'aice i Bay il Bveagesatown andl Lrd Redeszale,-To preset a petition from certatin members of the Convocation of the province of York, showing that. 1while tilo 1pretatca andrclawOf the provinea of Canterbaury have lately desi-J 1utdaConvoation oni dancers questious attfecting the velfare of thon chnrreb, and haTe appointed commaitteea to ooutider the bOit fliesosg of imopeovin the diedpiine of the lg,all opportunity of Partici- ~a'ting In auch deliberationsbaasbeen dned to theConvocation of tha 1province of York. eojialfy interestedt in the subtlecta disoussed nod containin a fallr representation, of the parochial cleray thari that Of Cnterury;a;dpra~lug the House. before Proceeding with tho Church Disclpline Rli, or any measaure specidrally affecting tho clergy, to adders Her Majtesty, or otherwise procure that the r"me ma o y eubnmitted to the clergy of both leroinces in their eiurocatioua no)wI lawfully in being under the Poyn write addressed to bothL ansihbishops rezo,rctively. Commisim'oners of Sup3ply (Scotlanid) BilL.-Report of Amendments. Drainage (Irel-nd) S 1.-Second readtg Distillation from Rico Bil-Secondred= g EvYidence La Forelza Suits Bill-Comititoee' Dwrellings far Ldbouritet Classes l.retand) Biil-Comsnjttee. Exchequcr-blls, (X4.00,U0) BiM-Comnunttee. 'Dra g I (Prirate Advanes) Act Amendmuent BiM (Aincnidmnents),~ Canheigo nivrsiy Bll-ReDort of Amendmenhts. Smal Dbt ImrionmntAct Amendment (Scotland) Blll-Tblad reading. ~ ~ Bil.Scod edig Davisoae Dvore .iil-Seondreading on Tucesday, the 8th of RegstrtIo ofVotre(Scotland) Bill,-Comnmittee on Tuesday, thLe Stattes ot n meRep al-Bl (Amtendmnietz),-Thlrd reading on TheEar ofHaringoe,To asal onvwhose authority was the Scutari mouetundertke;who selecttd Signor flarochetti to undertace thwork: fronawhat. tundistbhe paymesttobermado; w1bywasithe work not subjected- ro public competiton, so that the sculptors of England. Frcance. Italy, and Germany might hiave sent in mOdels, and no heiel bre ee prdued ha woldhare immortaized oar ararriereandthe tcupterforogctho come of clone to he cmmad ofdiviionsor rigadee. and, to their ~i'e Erl f lleborug,-.To resnta ptitonof Pertaiub Singh HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAY, JuLY 7. OltisnS OF 2=5 DAY. waays rilmenans,-Ieport. Appellate Jurisdiction, (hlowe Of Lords) BiLl-Second reading. kncuraberod Rotate (Irelandi Bill,-Committee. Vaccination Bill,-Commisttee. fUda~alen HozpitaL. Beth, Bill,-Committee. Ershowea School at Moulton Mtl-4omsntttee. Courta of Common Leer (Iretaud) Bill-Thid readirg. Prisons (IxelandiBid,-Tinrdresdmg Hospitals (Dubhiol Bill,-Cotomittee. Lusati Aslum (Ielad) ~o.2) ill-Aaamenided, to be conLsiPorLaw Amendmnent (No. 2) Bill.-Adjourned debate on second xeading. Revenue (Transfer of Charges) Bill,-Committee. leases and Saes of Settled Rotaes Blll-Seoond resding. Medical Profeaslon Bill -Conmmittee. CommonsEnclosure (NO. 2) Bill-Thlrd reading. Cmmial~popratlo of rus EtoereyBil,-Seondreading. Queen' S. WorgsToasktheSecrayof rtaeading. 10ieDpat niazt hceLarAmhendmenent(ctland) asist -hir Coprelag. t h Ct Joint-L o ko i passinge abUllldu.Cogthepresetio Lesotda tomxendmten. Tigh fvtnnthe Co leut tion ofrhag BAld,-erenndiMemerso he.m iubln C eouneiltoya oocll-ecowihnd r 'eading woar,ath A" Ur. Ota:. Wsl-To zk the Seretadry of. State foa oth HomeDepar-am tent,ayhethetheh Govcernetwl sis h oprton of theinCityudet rihtol vtngl ink-T s the elctoo lderm ften arnnd e,mbrerofthef CoinmonM Council tpoal occuTable withoinus the otyiwholaReponrtef Siri- John. twgoyneT ast thLe PeTsidentyof the Boliazd ot Contro at namke- combe Fort, Devonport. flr. Moore.-To asal the Attorney General -for Ireland, whether- it is trioth-t M. Jamee Sadlierbas beenpermitted to leave Ireland withou2t having been arreted ; and whether an steps had bseen taken for the arrest anid Prosecution of the said James iSedilier bY Her Mlajesty's GoTernment, Mr. NWhitbread-To asale a qotestion of the Chancellor of the BEx. elseo.ner an to why the cmes of £3,269 12ej. 3d.. sod £5,301 5s. 9d. ma3king together £A5,57 1se.. chared on the funds, ot the BedfoRe Charity 1:315taee, should not he whiolly or in part paid out of tha coIme cranted fresn the Civil Contingencies Filed for the Prosecution of CharitY Suita, since thaose exe,enea wer rreated by the unnecessary and unsucocessful suit and biln promoted by the Attorey-General in 1113 and Ibl Lord Pt, Grosrenior,-To asal the Chief Commi:ssioner of Works, whether lit i too late to substitute a-w-ethercel- for the device now Vlaced on the eummnit of thLe Cloeck To3wer. Viscoant Galway.-To ask the 'Under Secretary for War a question repecting the appointment of Quartrmasters on the permanent staff of thieMiltitia. fir. Whitbread.-To Vreseat apetitionLfrom the trustees of the Bedford Charity, under their commnon seal, comaplaining of the very hes.vy charges entailed upon their charity fends, owing to the mmecessasy isremoting of two biRatnParlimeut (whiich w ereverpassed into lawj by tbheAttorne-GnersL. Mrx. Mennane-T hat in the opinion of this Homze, tt (s not expediet tatanypeson~ntoeseric ofth Crwnehall henceforwrard gtv. o suhoiretob gvento aymemer f bisous. any remun- Coleel renh,-ddrsi fr rtur ofthenames of colonels of Miliia n Grat ritan ad Irlan appIntd since the 30th day of Marc i55, wne hve eceied ay ~rmg thetme thei rsegiments Mr.Low.-.Retensfrom the town of Liverpool of earliest; tariff of town du a ncuignchorage; Of pun aifo ditto, andL any other tariSe uzed from time to time;, Oc changes; made in the tarifffrom tine to time, either by way of inmpocition of new items, or abolition of old items, or by. way of augxnentation orreduction of or composition for, does previously levied, with the date of each cange, and the autho-ity by which it was moade: Copiesof anyhiblesortistoin theposseesson of the corporation, which have been at any timeuneed bytbe corporation, an cont-aininigthe tariff of town dues, with their reepective datese; Return of amount of town does for each Year, from the time they were Scrst received by the corporation, or heom the earliest date at whbich the retiuracan bo fwurished, tothe jresenttime ; Accounts of the various amounts spent by the corporatin from tim to time onohbipping purpooesilnce they first received town dues, givn for each item en0spent the date, a full and eplctdsrtinoth Elhippina Purpose to which it has been appld;teahotydr which it has been expended; in cases where sc xedtr apo dured any return the amouLnt of ouch retr,wehrinhesaeo arnnual or temporaryrcemptsi or of purchazemnya rboh rohr 7iOef the amount of the debt now charged direotly or collateraly on theo borough fend, giving the date at whichL each portion. of the debt was contracted ; the purpose for which it was contracted ; the authority umnderwisich it wan; contracted ; the terms on wbich it was contracted ; Return of the quantity, of land r-eclaimned from tte Mlersey by the oxpenditure of monee belonging to the dole estate, and claimed by the corporationi as their proery an nacutfaysbequtnt grants or sates of any sash land gtving. in the case of aea grant,or sale, ihe date of the tran3action:. the party to whom such land vwe granted or sod: Cueo quantity,description. and situation of the land granlted or anti the prie or onsideratioa (if any) paid or given by the deck stte the mode In which the price (ii any) wras determined; the nutboTy, wether by act of Parliament or otheowise, under whicha theo grant or osalo was mnade, to be accompanied by a maje, showing the original and mresent conditioni of the land 00 eranted orasold; Accounts of all purchases by the corporation of land on the Cheshire. side of the Miercey, giving in each case the date of the purchase ; the asies from wham the purchase was made,. the qLuantity, deeeriptton, andEltuntlon of the land purchased; the price given, tobe accompanied by a map showing the situation of the land; And. oh all tales or leases by the corporation of Liverpool of land on the Cheshire zide of the Mersey, giving in each case the date of the, Bole or le36se; thLe parties to wh-om the sale or lease was made -the qus.nsity. description, and situation of the land told or leased; in eas of a ease, the term for which leased, the price, rent, orotiser coosmidear'atienreeied, to be accompanied by a map, showing the situation of the Iand- Mlr. Horrman,-Bill to conitinue certai acta for regelating turnpike T-a,t i,n T-Trelso Bill to continue the Ititaways Act (Ireland). 1851. hlr. Stuart Worlley.-BiU to extend the right of voting in all wardxnoeelecttkns in tho city of London to aU occupiers within the said cftLvhosenanmes areon the Parliamentary registerfor the samne. rDeades.-tUM to amend the actt tthe lastazes,on o Poftaca-meu%, *'"for di~nlnlhie expense and delay in the ad,inistrtion of Criminal joSticein cetain as3es." IIs. Attorney-General for Ineland,-Bill to enablethe grand jury of Nipo tore-preSsent the arrearce ot grand juxy nesst tiU due to con. *zactore and others. BiU to continue the act of the 2d and 3d years of Her Mtajesty. e3apter 74 fo preentin th administering and taking of uIIwfiul o&ths- Ireland, as ame2ded by an act of thellth andl2th years of 3aer Ma3esty' reisg Mr. Atherto.-4oPleas of-Any letters written by C0ntain LIng to t.he Coancil of Bombay in seference to the claim of the ailsh of Eau, to the B3) of Abmneduug,s. The minite of Lord Ellenborough in Council, or any order bylisdirecting the attachment placed on the EWaj by Captaind sng to be removed, and eU ccmmunications on ths eubject to cease. Toe memori'l afterward- submitted bz the 5slsk3 of Edur to the Bombay Council. The minute of the Govemoi-Gen&'raIL Lord Hardinge, on such memorial. Axy order o the Cournt of Directors or the Bombay Council altriing or varying such minute. The authority of Mlr. 7Yilloughby to inqlire and report on the cse. M,r. W'illonghby'e report thereon. Any ainute gitingeffecttosuhepoart. An mamoisi foe redhy he th- Pa!ahi of Jobdwore to the P3Bmbay Council. the Governor. onrol.L the, Cour of Director, or the Beard of Concrol, in reference to the ds,im of his family to the sold lt,.. The Itetter and reporta3 frc raeddent political fficers in refeneune tothe righta of the xespec. tir e claimant3 to t'e said I3i . Mr. Vansc,_-etms ot the pa officers of the Worth and South 3ublin Uon Woxrk houses for the a= ending the ltt day of July tart. specifying their nIameS. OC.UPatIens amount of anual salary and allowanoestogether viththe value or cost of such allo,rdnnes. And oE t,he value or coot of extra allowance lo paupers for any duties pertormed doring the3 above >erted, 5pBecif£tnD gPt3heduities Cot Cowich aeowa nces are granted. Jonldictisu (Hiouse of L,ords) Bill to moe0 C°tha^t it bne read a sensed time unon th2d day six mnonths. r. I. Cusrie,n the orntion forsecond reading 6ofAppellate JurisS.lction (Hoae ofLords) Bol, to more that it be referred to a seect Poor Law Amendment (Ho 21 BiU,-Order for second reading xesd; motion made. and question propoced. "That the bill be now reasta setond time." Amendment propoe.to lose's ouit the word' ,nov'" andat the edoftheoquestroen o eaddth wordsa , 'upon this d3y ix mounths." Question proposed "That the word 'now' stand part of the qu-st.on.
T1s PRTcM OF SC E.-SOUVrT9A 2rOx, July 6. -This Sikh chief, who landed yesterday from the Peninsalar and Oriental Company's mail steamship Indus, is the son of the King of Scnde, who 3-rivedin thas countryabout three months since. He is accompanied by his padre, secretary, and two male servants. The cause of his visit is to sasist ia recovering certain properties beloneis to his father's territories which were takenfrom him by the Com. missioner of Upper Scinde, contrary to promises made by the late Sir Charles Napier, Commander-in-Chief of India, hie bavimig Iteed that in consequence of the great assistaIce wbicl had been rendered-to him by the king in providingi gs soldiers with mules, horses, hc., that tho territory of Scinte should he protected from any and every encroachrnez;t. Since the rstu±nanddeathof the gallant veteranthe Hinr- of Scind6 has been deprLved of properties and emolavWenti toehi amount ofJlO00OO rupees per annum,and his son tasteefore arrived in this country for the purpose o- assitirn4iis-fatherinadvocating his claims. The prince's anme as 3fer Faid Mahomed Khsan An interpreter accompnied him a3 far as Gibratar, but oeing to his going shobry aaa ned returning previous to the departure of the Indp hs was left behind, the prince, hovwever, discovered iereral on bmoard familisr 'ith his language. LHe was canyi,uted to Radle's Hotel, w,here he and his servants were r,rovided i.th necesasries in their native style, and left for Xonor erl tismorning. , -
THE PRESANTT ASPECTS OF REFORM IN OXFORD. TO TEI, EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Two years ago public opinion was so alive to the defects of our Universities that even an imperfect measure of reform appeared to M1inisters legislation in itself sufficient for a session. Such as it was, the bill did not pass gntil repeated amendments had hid its precise meanung from our eyes, and, like many productions of our Legislature, it was introsted to those appointed to interpret and aeminister it, with littie more than a vague hope that some unknown good might result. Present demands thus satisfied, a reaction ensued, such as generally occurs with regard to questions supported by no popular cry and acopted by no political party. The subject was forgotten-the measure left carelessly to the chances of the future. The promise, however, of any actual results Is: always power to rouse again the flagging excitement and infuse new life into a question. And the Oxford Act, with all its deficiencies, has not been wholly fruitless; the coompromise, as it confessedly was, of different parties and opinions, now that it has come to be enforced, there appears some prospect of practical good. Accordingly this new and m,,ore immediate interest has already absorbed the attention of Oxford,-will soon disturb the temporary indifference of the public. The war is over; the disussions which it excited are being one by one hushed up or set at rest; and scedal questions are regaining their hold upon the nation. rForemost among these is the state of the "real wonders of England; a subject nbout which much has been said, and muchmore,probably,yetremainsto besaid-which comes home powerfully to every nian of education. Antiquity, iLtellect, wealth, combine to dignify our Universities-a connexion withthechnrch, close and of long-standing, surrourids them with a sacredmystery. Many of a hase ourselves seen them-have been stirred by the associations which they evoke; most of us hava friends subject to their influence; all of us have heard of them, and seem never to have heard enough. The measure of their importance is not found in the rumber of their members or the variety of their stutdies. They are the arena through which all the clergy and all the aristocracy pass to their labours or their honours. They make themselves felt throughout the whole social and political system. The church and the gentry-the two greatest influences in England-come directly froa them. They determine the character of those who lead the country, and thus the habits and modes of thought of the whole people are moulded by their hands. An education there is the mark of all who have achieved, it is the ambition of all who desire to achieve, any social distinction. Such a position justifies expectations which the Universities have not fulfilled. Parliament has at 1ast interfered, and the questions now press-Has its interference been sufficiently commanding? Has anything been really accomplished for University Reform? Are we truly to enjoy the improve. ments which seem within our grasp, or are we to be for ever foiled by the -is inertEe of interested corporations? That we may answer these inquiries it is not requisite, like theHouseof Commons on theCambridgeBill, to disinter a debate now two years entombed. All points shall be here assamed, without further argument, as they were zettled then. Our present object is to inquire how far principles recognized by Parliament have been, or are likely to be, carried out by the University. Parliament has decided that Dissenters are to be admitted to the University. Hae any Dissenters yet appeared? Have any means been adopted to encourage their advent? Parliament hasdenounced restrictions. Is Winchester no longer a close foundation? Are all fe}lowships really open? Parliament has recommended that out of a great revenue, something be set aside for the publi¢ teachers of the University. Have more colleges than two assented to this? Thiblic opinion feels a conviction, -which Parlianient has expressed, that the old range of studies was too narow. Have any steps, likely to be efficacious, been taken to extend that range? What, in short, is the meaning of the present position of Oxford-of this contest between the old and the new-of this attitude of hostility between the Colleges and the Cominission-betn-een the University and Dissenters ? This may be thought premature. Reforms not finally detemined should not, so-me may say, be judged of while incomplete. But if we delay longer it will be too late. The period during which the powers of the Commission are to continue, even if extended as the act allows, will expire in little more than a year. It is right that we see clearly what has been done, and what is liely to be done, ere more of that precious time elapse. For if it once pass away we shall not soon see another measure of reform. We must make the most of this present opportunity, fearing that our generation, at least, will hardly see another. I write on this subject in no spirit of hostility-from no peculiar sources of information. The documents officially published are my only authorities-a sincere desire that the *Oniverslities may become aJl their true friends expect is my a ioy mrotive. I am, Sir, your obedient Eervant, ACADiCUS.
T'HE AEDICAL STAFF OF THE ARMY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TThfES. Sir,-Allow mne through the mediuun of ZVw f'imcs to bring before tho public the present painful position of the aoting etasmtu- osugeona oft th armv Their services are about beingl dispensed with, and the only remuneration to be given on retiring is two months' pay. This treatment will generaLly be adlmitte& is smcely fair towards men who came forward in the hotr of danger, and willingly left England to brave the dangers of the battlefield and pestilence of the Eastern hospitaLs, where many of their brethmell fell victims. The civil surgeons engaged in the East during the war, as well as the medc'al officers of the Turkish Contingent, who have enioyed much higher pay, have been given c year's salary as a retiringn eUowane; and even the militia surgeon s are to be rewrarded jn likie mnanner for their serviees, while the acting assistant-surgeons of the army-ior what reason I knowx not-are to be dismissed with but two months' pay as gratuity; In conclusion-the actina assi&antsurgeons hope and believe that, if their position be but fairly looked into and their services compared with the other medical officers temporarily employed during the war, their services wUl be rewarded in like manner. I have the honour to be. Sir ve,- n1,wAieml earranf. AN ACTThTG ASSIZTANT.SURGECi.
T 2A1TRE ROYAl AIDXLPHI (REBUILDING T T EfN4LAIRGIN G).-Zfto per east. per annum freehold secity, aeba bonu,, ebtiLmuid at 4 sr catu. pesannum Sole Propnetor and tanage-Mr. Elajasml Webster. Trustee-The RIIst Rons. Lxd Tenterdess * arle MAosb, T.:, O s:StecWTh1!=aus en e WYk FAq. Bwkers-Mow. 93lasm Bouyreffe and Co.. WMI-mall. of. ea tudu.W.boter, thakileprorietorand owner of the freehold of the Royal Ade4pLl Theatk London, barilg ately purchaied veer endeuasiveeholdi toprety wIinhg, ha sdecided upon rebuLldlng and eul;rlg this ttisa e, wlrhchs 1,aknowledged to be the lIneat an moet USlusaoe thetrical site Sr. the metropolis. Yor this urpo,epo, in order to meet a portion ot the conaequent expensee, aud I.ductiapen-souidlntereetot the patrons ef the drama in the undertAking. AIr. Yebster has determined to lse a limited number of Debenturei (rot to exceed S0 at the most) to the public. bearing Interest at 5 per cent. per anuum, payable half-yearly, and secure oupon eo freenold of thelRoyal Adelphi Theatre, as weat as upon the adjoining freehold ab1oTe meutioned. Only applicanta will be attended to who o-u give u4doobted reerencoes of respectability. FAch debenture to be 40. Palmable L4 follows.-£O pXer cent. to be dep0Sitetoa upplictiton ror dobenture or debentures, which will be returned, free of all charge, if no allotment is made ; £250 oa each debesuture upoa elotment, lessihe deposit; and the residuo bymonthly nuns of £. f0rom the day of nuch alotment; which sawu wiill bear Intrettthe onto etoresaid, ioom the time of their respective pal. mencts to Mlessrs. Iausow, Bouveric, and Co. By wea of bonus, each debentire Is to be entitled to a free dnmisdon (anuually trausfor-eble) to al pas of the theatre before the curtain, orcbete- 8tlls aud private. boxes excelded, Which will admit thE debenture holder, hisor her nuSaeoe -tn he oS course Of approved pecbTisibity), so every public perforncethroughout each roanr coummencIng trom the Jthofleptember. Thelowert yearly value of the tree admission (being aunualll transferable, nd upwards,on tue average, of 300 performa3nces 1n erery weSeemonlthi is ertemated at £50. which wntod he 9 per cent, per aumn on each debenture . Propsctseo and ferom ma ro,be had at the theabtre.* ,B. rie theatre is; to be roesiructeci in iron, end rendered perfectlyfire-proof. an addiitiOatI eerty; and the plans, as soon as approved of' bY the Board of Wortks and the Lgord Chamelain, vrill be aUlsmttLd for the inspection ot the sDppttents. 1 ANTEDV, in tne neighbourhood of Bayswazer, Y Brompton, or St John'se wood, a small COTTAGE, contaning about six rooms, with coach houle and sitabing for two horses. Reno *ot above£50. Direct bLY. E, 9, larliamentnstreet. Wetmtinster. W CA'1'BD, by a Cambridge Undergraduate, a .CLASdICA TUT0O1R o! first-rate an,uirements, to go into thecountry. for the long vacatiato Address Y. S. T., 2L. lichmond. re-eec, Surrey. " h SATE3D, a young laay, not under 25 years of age, 'T a _TEB&0REMi ins cooL fhbwillbo requiedqtoinetruct in Fe-ebch, muusec to jusuor pupils, ind toe use of the globes. Address, stating salary aud reference, to A. B., 10, a;st-street, Brighton. W A-Lm'ijiD, to PUI.K H SA a. small STiTAMS EN- GJ GMEaud BUILEIi, Vith mactinery adapted for colour grinding. Asrmes by letter. stating pertculars, toa 9.. S4, Festheisto=e. sereet, 0ts-rouadi. W ANTED, itnmediatenly, a reapectable confidential t Td ItSUs, emt under SO ye,ars otEge, to alt on a lady, dress hair, and toke charge of house Jnen, in a trietilyreligious family, toud wages gaven. Adde3-s by leaser only, stating every particular, to J C. tM. fr. Couy2S, 2S. Beonopisa;-tcetres Within. W AIN'llD, by a Germaur gentleman, a I1TUA- 'IOl lotaal1UJ A.Lt'UrOlt. orthemonthsofAnguEtaud 6.pcember. Hle gives na-tr.tio on oui piano. violi., and en singing. Vinexceptionabul references vil rongiven. Applicaslonsto be addreweed to the 1ev, Theod. deyer, 25, Ijsilte-etreet, nilbureb. - YAiSTED, unfum-nisbed, 3?OUt ROIVVIS and a Kl KldTaEf, by tue seginaing of August, for a permanency, n3ear the burrey Tabee.acle, liev, Kent-roas, or the three bridges. Rent from Xxu to £i. Adseesa, ith every particular, to A. B., postoflice. Soutnuampto,-etreust. UOruhbrweilL \Ar'.INiED for a aripet warehousse il the City, aSi T actve intelQgent ltA ' LtSB, totake tho north and uaundn counties. ApersosetLorouShyraluainted withtheocarpettre, and having almow,leedeot the cn,tomers, indispezes-ebse. loSzarylin Object. Address A 1, Meoe e. 1arrmron anl Ladbury's, Kiag-street, city. W AN'TED, a LADY cf respectability, to superix- W tend the household of a gentlemau of good position, oconpying a pleasant villa reside.ce. As thu duties are nominal, no remunceration witl be giveu, bat .11 the comLforts that constitute an agreeable home Will be at her command. Addre-et Delta, Ithaw's, P2b, Oxford street. WASHI.NG.-WANTED, one or two FAMIILIES' W or CLU HIOUSVs WASH3IG. Good drying groand, and good references. Apply to i ri. liobect , 1, CraimptoJu-pISc, Haltp3ark Paddinston. W A;3$iILNG WANTED. Shirts, Sd; sheets, 4d aud 6d. per pair ; small thinga, 1S. per dozeu. Good supply o water and drying ground. In ton. every day. Address to D. B. Albion Cottage, Snot row, Kenroal lfew-wwsn. W A G WAVAN9ED,byan experiencedlaund- h ress, with a good anpply of wawt, large drying grouns, and j horseandcart to di citydaily. Goodreferences. AddrealtoMrl. Guy, 16a, Alpha ottage, Alpha-road. itegent's-rk. ijofAS yeaG.'Ae eripntcriced laundress ishes for Yet-svtwoordiofamilies' r YASHG, club'house, or schools,; Mently or quarterly payments. Every conveasce for thebusines s ann good relereoees. Addre ofAes. aS. r iehards, 52, Queer'srough unrsa Ad-lLU ptoe, r'otting-flsa b C'I OSVEiN WES.A Y ,ug lady rfE vange launp ss. T k of 3 i years' esperience, par yAechA&sT Keit- wishes for club. hotel, tavern, or dfissg rooma'. Extaensve drying grounds. Owna con-i -.eyancee in London daiY. lisery couceofiruce. Goot e rferesices. 'Zeras ouwest obte.-Mt.. cire or istr. Bucrtes, Sin Greg t Dover-st., aocdugh G O>Y RlCAh;S.-WANTh'>D, in a weU-established country schooL, a lsdyiaJ3U1sIOlt EN\GLISILGtVEl1cEES. Aoureee A. i.. post-offiee, t(ray'e-nn-qsqwre, Hotbfforn. G OV:X EcliS.-A youog lady, of Es-angelical prin-. cl p'ves, ishesic for a.t Ab2Glt5tKNSTicvsvassdyor dhnoL and ca egive good reim crus. Adviru. q. E., It, usbury-plsfe, F i bury-square. f( i OVIti:NMS3.-A yotuxg lady REQUIRES a RH- EX BNGAGitMET'f in a geutlesnumn's family, wbere there are two or three chidrenunderl2yearsof age. SheteachesEsglish thoroughly, rmenh, music. singing, and dr3whig. baiary £30 per annum. Also a lady,.2syea ofge,as io,rning ovem .-A. 0., 44, Piccadidy. Q-YVERkh;SS.-A lady desires a BRE-ENGAGE%. isrir ia a geotlomau's fully; quabtcatioss, English tho.roughly, Fresch,music (in which she is Yroficientg drawig, auu the rudiments or Itliran. Satisfactory ruter,nes. Snaay X3o. Address Iota, post-office. Sudbury. Suifolis. GOVEodoESS (daily) WAiTED, mn the neighbour- YC> hood ofOlapnaso, fortoreo little girls. iIThseousymustnecompetenbt to finish tOV2 ds. wd ho is 14. A thorough khowledge ar Erec ecvuversationaily and grammatically) is reqimsite, also music, German, Land a thorough Esulsh educaiton. AdeireSto B. A., care 0 , Birtt, baker. Islhan-51ill, Surry. G OVERNIISS.-A lady, oJ' some years' experience G in tuition, wLshes fur a RE EXNG UASI rT. in a nobcesan's or gentleman'sfausily. In addition to EtCsglh in all Its branches. she teaches Freuhb, music, singiug, asu 1.ho radimeretS ot Italian and drawing. lHa3resideisttheae ears in her ltastsituation, and can have the hIgtost testimonials. Address to EL, c-are of BArker and Brown, 18, Cambridge-terrcse, ifingelami. URlSEItY GOVERsNESS.-WAXNTED, by a velli tq;ade-d. poung ldy. a SITUATtON as NUYItilct GOVE1.sSSiu a resptctable fansily, in or near London. AddressD.L, care of flr. Marshall, tailor, 8, t'ark street, Iristol. S UPEltiOlt DAILX GOYbuRNESS.-A lady has dOtimewsengaged. nheis rohete:a mosic, harp. pianoforte, and suging, andiustructs in l'reach Jarquklmd abroad), Italian. terman, I and dra-vi-g, with a good Euglish eduation. Localtyunimportant. Addressa . 3C. N., Ford's, bookseller, Upper-street. Ishigton. i R ESIDENT GOVVRNKnZS.-A lady, of considerR abte experience in txttion, wishes jor a R!-iANGA0EXSXT. zne teaches French (acqiuired during a risidence of 15 years iU Fr-ance, Italian, music (im whicu she is a good pi oiclent), and a souna, Eugtiso education. Address C. J., ar. Guillaune's, Chester-square. I lOESIVIJN'T' GOVERNE6S.-A young lady of the I JAs 3leatlibshedChurcts wfishes to obtain a Sti'ttA' LON 1n afavsly | where the pupils are under 10. SheImparts a superior nglish. edca- I don, aud imtructs in music, Frensb, and drawing. Never boen Out before. A moderate salary will only be expectedl MLighest references can be given. Address Z. Z., 3, Farm-coltage, Mauorp0-trevt, Claphamtounou. M VRNLN(i or OUCASIOh' L GOVIShk:S.-A 1P s ady, ! m3n ye3r' exprienc 111 udtio, havngpart of her i tirue cmoccupied, aiihes to meet wvith en RtOtA(SpfltEt,T in the I vicinity of Sc. Jolin's-vwoost or the Regent'si-parli ihhe teehesEnglishI thoroughly, French, italian, and is uproiciet in music 'The mo3t satisractory testimoni als given. Address E. G., *Sleas lbrary, lCircusroad, Sc. John'e-wood, T NE MUg 1LaIs, domoyen ago, Protestante spits doubeunes recoin snautlatodsioe F 4LACkS TOTRII'E` Soa Fran.ais cat prticuli emeun pour. Ede enseigue l'Italien, Ia musique en ton professeur, le dessi. salnque toiut ce qui tient fD use educ4tio dospiesdistlugnie. AdrsserA. l. .D., at the stationer's, the old post-olicc. Newman-stret, O.xfordstreet. A l§X. FRAN 0AlSEb.-AVA]9TI1D, it a lway's day! s chool, in Ps-lico, a PARPSIEH'NE. to teach French. Address seating terms, &o.. to A. B. V., Ierbert'e, it, L'hurtou.strect, Piaslico. ri)WO YOUNG LADIES (sisters) are desirous of aemettugw itl.GEliGUG1iTSlnvt aE+ool: theeldestasTeacberot Irnr.h aun Music; the other as Articled. rupiL Country preferred. Unexceptional reference. Address S. S., Sir. Stacy's, confectioner. Bon-road. r I" the PRINCIPALS of SUROOLS.-A young l,ady wishes to procure a SITUOATION ssJUONtRliNGL{I.7 TEACHER, in a good schooL Salarynot so much a ooneideratilu as a comfortable house. Addre6s Af. B., Mr. Jncnes's. printer, Liudlow, j aloxi. T GOVERN ESSES.-A lady is REQUIRED, as TIHAD IENGLISH TEACHIER in a superior estat'lishmen; for ounglsdies, in thu immnediate vicinity 0f london. She must bea h,ood eisciplinaLrian. and. aecuitomsed to thle mautsgemectof a school room, capable of inDstrUCtinrehorouglily in all branches of English. and of exercising the minds ofherpupils. Age abvonti, andot <:hurch of EnlDi,andprinCiples. Address hL.B.. care of Mlessrs7. Hatchard, IS;! Piccadilly. HE friends of a Y0UNG LADY, as-e 18, lwish T tolPLACEherinaschoolasJUNIOItTh&CtE. SheiscomIlt's.o gtvu instructioi in music and lrenich to the younger "upile, nnd to teach German. No salary would be required, but laundry exp.enses g . Improvement in accomupliishment,particularlymnusicand singing, in which the is anrioun. to perfect herself under first-rate professors Beferencesgiven and required. Address P., postolice, I=otb.y. - A YOUNG GEIislAN LADY REQUIRED, as {GOVBRXESS, in a school in the connar. Knowledge of French inuispeneable. Also a young lady as an 3rticled Pupil. Address A. a, care of Miss S., 20, Aldersgate-itreet, city. A S oURSERY GOVEINEISS.-A young lady, -XLcompetent to teach English, the rualiments of music, Erench, drawig, and dancing. lHighest references given. Address A. E. L., 50. LEh-street, Islincton, bsck of Baz.sar. London preferred. .8petable'YOUlNGPER80 S age 24, is 'esirous A off SI8rTUATIONf as NURJSERY G) 5EICESS. Lady'sa Compasion, rto traorec m renmmd Idaton. Address Beta, JxY'%cay, King-areet, Camden-town. A CA.TaOLIC LADY who has resided many years 3on tho continent, has just completed the education of two young ladies of high family and conmexlnms, and is therefore free to vnter iuto another arrangement. Terms IlOguhteasaper sanum. Address A. Z., d, Norfolkeilusre, Paddington. VX _FfRKSCA1SES.-WNA:S,TED, in a, small X3 schooL za LPABISI&N LAXY, to teacb, her own lauguage, whose7 chief object would be a comfortable home and opportimitles of im. Brotensent. Noknowledge of English neceanry AddresA.B., Mr slake's, 27. }rederet-place lHampstead-road. A LADY wvishes to RECOMMIND her GOVER.N NESS. wbo has been with her the lasttwo years, to instruct in the elements of music. Frenchl and drawing, with general English tidtion, lor pupils under 10. Country prefernL. Address L. , post. GM1cc, Little Ssoex-piame, Bfse-pack , LADY, of the Established Chirch, vishes to ob A tss a SITU^ATION s GOVERNESS. Sihe n a i in English mit sariousbranches. French, Italian, music. adinfin- g. Satlsfac. toryreferences can be given. Addresss, Y;. ;, Churehilris lbrary, 4, Un on-terracee, Notting-bilL A YOTJNG GER3.N LADY (Roman Catholic) of deires t , E GA.OE berself as GOVER Fren monghidre ia family or sicheot; be3idess German-u ShlD teatvtJ?ren b ln} ' estuonisiab i5gliy ~s isfactory, Address A. e.. ae of Professor Pfahler. S. Robert-street. lXfatxatesa.road AyoLJNG L A DY,19years of aLge very respectably conectd,<3ses D 1vtiDau 1 :GA !EEET ina whool, to aueedtoNemic3 ~ ~ ~ ~ o PenaoteUiruPils. Sho WiU hava no objection to assist n anytssing else that onY be required. Addrs E. R., 20. Wilton-tcrraco, Nev North-road, Islingeosn. A YOU3NG PERSON, experienced in theomanaze ment and instruetionof obldven. Wie5 for aR]NGeE stNT sa NUE8ERY GOYBRItESS, to tate the entire charge of her liuplis and their vardroDe3. WVhere they axre YDSur, preterred. Annaal ralaxyr only required-G. H., MIr. Gallowvay;H 58, Evertholtt-striost -Oakley.rsuIre. A GESENT GOOTEST ST L.DY, 'yho tewchh fnthe German, French, It,lian, isd r1itin lAnuagest, andwcst muperntend the mus- c leossEs iS desirous Of fonfn satn EmGAG*pitesNT 'With a fal 5iy, where ani experienced Frely would be desirable. No objection to travel, or to i ea co Patior to Invpaid. Adddrsts 0. D care ot lr. m,furan iblern, aud uaiboeokerluz 3. ted .atreet X. J.,,$. Carew-terrac B D No G uouRu .--lady, waho ha- Imeet with a Bl lNGAGE&iEST. Iier cuinsec vf i:struction coern prise Englih in alD Its l.rauch ee, n.usic. singing, re.nch. and Gernnan (ai mxired in their respecti,e countries). Italisa, Spanan and latin. J; ruse eyears' referecce given, aud a liberal sr.lar expected. Addreasst1 J; J-. 8, estrewterrsce NewLo ndon-rsoad. Chsilsf.ord.l IER MAJESTY's THEATRE.-La Traviats.- H Mdliie. FICCOLOMINrI', BENEFIT on Thursday next, Jit lii. wben (by general desie Iilb ae ed~ pc,~ TRA-VIATA. Violetta, Melle. T$cowlonidn; Aifredo, signor CalzolaLri; B;arin Dauphol. Sig=o V.Sco- Doteore GrenvuL Signor B~i5u 554 Gemon Gloelo Sigor eneuetaLno. With other sramet,pRtIculars of w rch il Perdulymanonced Thi cocldewihco. eTheltr -Tw-ballt (M ondSayR. ThYe7 mwic (by Adnorp l dAda re)The tciey r.Cagledyo KErshall Pricial Veafa;Stms astdipp. lix.; butnhre.Mie). Eommeneest:1Mdll MiRer.:Meo MAitils. RNcaIT plctions7forboxs,atDalls and ticeTs o emadre.at theebo-oeic o thare'viardtGac*in,d o b.A-am2E r,AmxTOdda-Mrd in Prfr,ta)lmtancerfTrms Dsy.3 -,eC;Gpycs iees is yr Thear T- AdeMnday July Sim Reviied peflormedsan (by Meneraldsire CutheB traedy: of evDofM. MDrsa,i Thdae orchstra (e lndat wpparne h theale). conduectsedatS. 3lane. Thebatroloed,-SaimsReves, MandaImt irdeotaGels aleeto Program.e f.-sLer Are, Lsel LgoddI acdtotun.t sod Plwiert TAL Gpserfre acresg "It comec with foSait's fmoturale opra (Tbe MeaOHE - mI GIRd, wihu th nS. GmusI aond folloin Dpledidr cast p-rianores on SimeRebevers EGipey duord, Mdiss Arayera TGidderduan Mr. G. aAeee. OsborneetoN,oe 4r.MNvew Count,g. "Te Iss:n Derlisof, Air. Herayl. Tlhe orchretr ; .Gand chrSowl en fom a Trand sale, comnduetedby M. SaVer) 6. Tobg.ollTwedb Graend Tr a adInee nt fiaD-t(ale ConcertO Arogiram 3fa e:Lacia, "Larghe Firsat otCin."(I Bsinrbieenzo Garde: 9. Sonig, byt isonotfaorw atd Is nle,Thi fathe phsc, bls IuddMr EnerSolbo. 3ap Mr. ond Toneraut fAlveet - oL ionv piaOngellrcs o Oabr ale. (Obone .NeSogThe Youngrdth loer. TisCrorline, Mr.usem 12 Verdi) " I Sng MaThe Green Trseebs" ire Dgbym (Ball el 7, 3 Soe trom wtheMi of rhetra, HugaladaeiarMeodis Gerri ErnIst (Er4nst): B. 9. ong b Logfelo an Blfe " hi so Lseonora Muss Huddaott andBUlle. bathe heaper aofth Falewer" kties Caoltne Brouigh. ent fromthe taidlArtls. adam Viadet arci oulf) 14.ay Solo *Vllocdlo Sgnr isIl Th rrlrianswil onlueSSW wihe fle anrI. Boxes;n stalvolDr tPpenhdalof Sir.Bls Andre Cork-stbetk, SMr. Bulto-aDnes: oC loon,eyr nsimP,olle SiereTobyan atcb the Ibzerse 1OYiJALJA PRLOYAL,S RUYLN . -THIS andpuli,a larNIGe tatd huisxENgI thewakw es pleate em Monay, July 14,y 18f5 wHEn hiWnpola opera Fmusicd by' Balnev, composed ih onm W,espresdlfMthateIre HAlled TiCHA CANRRSMSie o whichavechratclhed er. linn' entrt anment onUar sIila Toe s- slen, prtiulas o whch ib rrhite srauinguned. Priviale bemet Square a ~~~t the Ce-l:adou ntry 'wthetlibrarians and d eioellers. .1eveyn b--Mcn&yinFcongDt cuesouit ~Hoe; eivllo M Chppndanle-WSir nedayeI degnerek, Mr. Buekatne: Clwn.eM. Coton; Sir Tribyt aelch Mr.am Rolers;e evar an, Mr V'.FarN; lvaGMs. THE er Viola, DTMos wNTbale, witonw uscuy dwrd Ftal. iaw and anew sceneryb Welliam Calct entWtled Ti E CAPIVS, or. ih Tin h COhUNTRY. in whichSan, Pery Rnllam. thnel Oeregsa and their Spanfish ztompanyvwllapar.o Aolte3frwih,tenew" pTitecomuedy of THE. HUGHES A.T B ,ica whichMr. Baresiones,nt isbLtnhe2o, Eantae w.i appeact. Coeclu dingewithrA DAGH TERma TO DIAneRYt.. set,antle dUS ydanL MUSIC HA eleCyAR C. b e ac,in TJ'IHF5ATRE ROYAL, ADELPHIII.C-Exraordndr fdram tof Thnune Cso thet Cou BnETr wit thke pplare sOd Weccentric song f "M Nlalrtclay n. vrysofghteMondngyethriaeFligfntwebimme. I bhaat te) LikofUe ad Ghareen Busnest-l arde.adMadam it etel newlps_ atuby M. e% Wtbatertert11atatos heat erBumetawim-enmender-l ihonwllude the e eel lar cld-urwt tMy Mpirltse Toe conclude ofth ofea"Whisky in the JurticOn Tpursaday nvertwill othe produced, aede Blad,liisaWyi YAmMI,sMr AIIReeley &c. ~ Lese Manaagr e r. Alred WiflamCoe.- TW.F.RBONes maotresGect- oful the nuerousr thatmiis BofT wisilctio htakert placleon oedesain Jub Ly lB.rll artiSlculars of thueeteiang' Peteotajancnt wil be immediately anoucmed.Tckets, rioate bores, stalls, ndidyress irle sat S AbLEs-WE LS STANDATRETIS EVATE- ThearesRoyl, ovet-grde andlcem, withle-ntirelynew appllats. lpeicent, ad fenldtatttof e ThREeLNtertainthentwi Grea Wied f te Actiwif perad every part fche tenlatre and rap ou heiroocelrorepones eoevr itrrgtoy A hroanement hav ben rd t rele th teare eredyioo md. every part and .andoni. stalls. cadnytey in4d csan.0see. h em HERMTLEFSY'S RYLAP{THEATRE.--Lae A FdifntaNghtr o Ste e w ila Boole-tWOL mozare GAN TodmrrnowtTI EvAY,n (Thedy July. and Monday, 1rsethd July luG whenafirilin Segnortion (of EquesItrlian Opera.Prmsande willbe pro. Can=d To commence aith 2n e'nloikeBoy-oeice opUen daLy CRomtil Vehoraedilmeh,. riMrleto. Mlr., Golt ouiare -O onday, July 7tl, and drn thcet toebe daring fats ofe HoRSEfiicAof tP theatnew Americaniders clowns,ropk acr,eoatr, oesut hoes ATbHoneS. LILNoZ adv,manc,i the 7 pries.boes ps.rfdz, es. is. Gd, is., ad 91. atata 15.and 9.; pi,UGI.galley.rai THEARE ROEYALS THEYATRKET. Unirs Nihsfthe e Banae let,o bIe uCkstaie. To-msoroEeune. (Tuesdaye, July Borugw i%belpesente Roeax s oper, L aCE enaL'aTcl th Sangeish Mdame Abs i Dn CioriTooncludeii with An enGTielyne balT, MBACRYA. E Th Ucneryentirel Mnag,mby to. CT. MCsharlt; theamsn.b 1 A.SAdam: the milleben se esenedby ao Rozaw. Par,iOncipalcha- edtitled MUSCrex HAdern MdAmM.RoAftir Appichetonspfora- boxes TIOYAL TALE ROPEAL ADLYCEI THIS EVEING IM,ndsy, Jly 7) wll e eromed Celeste' opea, ORA. orm. adae Gis; AaCga,Mitl. Toy,srei TOYALR ROLYAL.C TAEMAaIIET. Unerte Magementf olfre Wi ukoe MR. HUGHES AT HOME.ining Consludigwlth A AUGHTERaO MARRY AS'LZSROYAL PRICES'STHEATRE. Unerstee n Managemen of Mr Charles In THIS EVENING wl b resented a n'EwE CATrce, i one,act, eontitedBiad oUfCHthe CAbrazzi. ThleEusrwian Diasplay in the of e.The FeatERs oftALe.Gra tes o ocuewt H Ouroriaetr. ar.eB rebuster: torectrerve MadametCetpete. ofTHISeVNiNG,s eut THE FLYIN DCHan.l Tobat 5 r.i Wthepr:iPetr or. Wr clity wndithcthec-n moremsse Cstamp Wilias. Andi THE. IRISH LIO. Timsi Morasis,ir.blrey Lessee, anr. AlrredeWigaamp TNI EVtieNcG, THe JkeALU WfPa:oMessrs. Vomniaionla. Fiey; Mrs. Stiring and Midrss oftert. writero which,salCoicy fone inublicatingond u a entileda CnteUGhsoo LESiOh.Llay Wr.cF.motebsndeSrt.Llaby, to s Setirlng Anjctd AomFAncIations. INDVIDAL pulctotTmmencea paste 7. t 'lol o atra Momtd orindsgo the Abime, hedt2 Eqnutestria Diply n h
LOND ON, MfONDAY, JULY 7, 1856. For twenty years or so there has been a very showy crusade against what are called "shams." Alnost everybody has joined in it, from economists to metaphysicians, from public speakers to philosophical writers, from the popular churchwarden to the young Oxford divine. What each of them meant to denounce and run down, and whether it was the same object of aversion in every case, it is not for us to say, but certainly there has been a great realist reaction. On all sides we are surrounded by " earnest" men, who, whether they pine for something higher, or wish to grasp something more solid, or are content simply with a strong practicl bias, profess a common horror of that which is not what it professes to be. Otur satirical writers have reaped quite a hairest by showing up tlunkeyism, toadyism, and the svhole tribe of petty conventionalities. So universal has been the movement, that we oughlt by this time to be like a nation which had just burnt all its idols at the preaching of some missionary, at all events negatively and nakedly sound, though with the feeling that we stiU wanted something. It is our serious conviction that the contrary is the case, and that flunkeyism of all kdnds never was more rampant than just now. Nothing is not done except under false pretences. Jo BtJa must be stalked down like a deer with some favourite old ilusion which he professes to see through, but loves all the same. The veriest reformer must dreBs his- scheme in the funiiture of some old idol if he would get even a hearing. It is truae that our old "shams" wear but indifferently. Their substance decays, their fabric gets rick'ety, their decorations seedy and . threadbare, and. they cease even to deceive. They must be renovated in one way or another. The best way, one would think, is to give up the semblance and. retain the reality, or to substitute a real thing for a mere makebelieve. There might, indeed, be an occasional difficulty in distinguishing between the substance and the shadow; but, if there were an honest determination to make every change, when change had become inevitable, in a practical and real direction, it can hardly be doubted that we should continuaUy improve in working condition. If a sensiblo man alters a building, he has comrmonly an eye to the foundation and main walis. If all he cares for is to retain and multiply the architectural ornaments, the pillars and arcades, the moiuldiugs and cornices, the screens and. false bearings, he may expect to have the fabric come down about his ears. Now, wre should be the last to caU the CBow_ a " sham," or the House of Lords a " sham," in its proper legislative capacity. The latter may not work so busily or so noisily as the House of Commons, but it exerts an immense quiet influence. In commercial phrase, its opinion is " discounted" in many a bill which never gets so far. One has only to see the number of " contents" and "non-contents" that can be mustered on any question of importanee to be satisfied that the Rouse of Lordsis something. more than a State pageant. We believe that it represents an immense amount of feeling and. opinion actually existing, and directly exercised on the subjects under debate. On these occasions a hundred noblemen or mores-men of influence, position, and experience, step out of their respective spheres to vote or speak, as may te, and their votes or speeches command the resrect of the nation. All this is real and practical, every bit as much, perhaps even more so, than the capricious, factious, and desultory ways of the Lower Rouse. But it is quite another thing when we come to the House of Lords in its judicial character. That is nothing more than a "sham." There are, in fact, two Rouses of lordsthe legislative and the judicial; the former consisting of all the Peers, the latter only of those who hold, or have held, certain high legal offices. Neither of these separately is a sham, nor can any serious fault be found with the constitution of the latter court. With a slight addition to its numbers, and. some provisionl for its permanency, and perhaps also for its acquaintance with the whole body of British law, it would be as good. a Court of Appeal as could be imagined for this country. The sham consists in the suppositionnever allowed in practice for one instant-that these two bodies are one and the same. The Court of Appeal purchases the adventitious and falseprestige of being also the House of Lords at the price of all sorts of inconveniences. For the sake of this its number is small and. irregular, its sittings precarious, and its proceedings wauting in solenmity. It certainly has not the confidence of the nation,---a fatal defect in a court of appeal, -for the best of all reasons. No appeal can command respect when it is made from a judge in one place to the same judge in another place; when there is no certainty beforehand. to whom or to how many the appeal is made; or 'when there is no security for a proper hearing by those who have to take part in the decision. It may be added, that if solemnity is required anywhere, and is not a mere artifice for imposing on the people, it is necessary in the supreme court of the realm. Moreover, it is necessary for a court of justice more than for anything else that it should be truly and exactly 'what it professes to be, in order that it may have no pretence for shirking its responsibilities; and. above all is it necessary, we should think-, that it should have no excuse for confounding judicial with political functions. The confusion of the executive with the deliberative cannot be more dangerous than that of the judicial with the legislative-the interpretation of the law with the makinw of it. The right reform, since reform is confessedly and notoriously required, would be to annul a combination which is only confusion, and to separate two bodies that can never be really one, and can only damage one another by pretending to identity. We have a House of Lords which answers its proper purpose, and does so all the better for including our most distinguished lawyers; but we want also a Court of Appeal, consisting of our most distinguished, most dignified, and most independent lawyers, sfficiently numerous and various in its composition, regular and constant in its sittings, and clear from even the suspicion of political bias. There can be no difficulty in creating such a body, for surely it must be quite as easy to create a simple Court of Appeal asthat ver-y complex and impossible thing, a Court of Appeal that shall be also a legislative body and an estate of the realm. The scheme of the Appellate Jurisdiction Bill, which comes before the House of Commons to-night, retaira, more .or less, all the evils of the present state of things, and even carries them to a still greater absurdity, at no inconsiderable expense. If common belief be true, it starts -with a compromise in which opinion is bought for a consideration. Wlat is to be expected from a court the very instiiution of -which requires the bribery of political antagonists ? But there is not an inconvenience -which is not perpetuated, not an unreality which is not exaggerated, in the proposed scheme. A. foreigner who, months after the prorogation of Parliament, shouild be shown two or three judges hearing a cause, and should be inform;ed that they 'were the House of Lords, and were nominally presiding over it, though no peer was present, or, if present, dare take a part in the proceedings, might indeed marvel at the obstinacy with which we cling to our ancient institutions, bub wouldchardlybelieve his informant if he were told that this singular body was the creation of this century and this very year. He certainly 'would think he had now some clue to the many mishaps of our constitution, and the waste of our national power. The great difficulty of a nation which prides itself on the checks with whiclh it saunrounds power and the safeguards of its liberty must ever be the want of that direct and simple action which is possible alone under an Imperial regire. But here, to begin with, not for the sake of liberty, but' toperpetuate an old fiction, to give sham splendour to justice and sham weight to a peerage, we create v new and unnecessary confusion. We mii up two bodies, and declare them identical, 'when they cannot coincide in members, or in time, much less in occupation. We mnake the fountain of justice itself a flagrant untruth, ana that an untruth of the most dangerous Ind,--a confusion of judicial and legislative fmetiors.
That tenancy fron year to year wlilch the Ecclesiastical Courts have so long enjoyed is not r destinedj a; least duling this session, to be brought to a conclusion. The vivacious old institntion was nearly caught, like all alligator sleeping by the aide of a slimy pool, but it has fairly scuttled away into , its ovwn element, and that keen and adroit sportsman the SOLicoro-GsusnAi must sit on - the- bank waiting for another shot tillu wst of breath shall oblige it once more to. show' its head above the waters, We are begin-- ning to fear that, manyand admirable as thea'; qualifications ar3 that are possessed by this very learned and still mnore able personage, he is- not . destined to be that which we once auticipsted for him,-the reformer of our law and the renovator of an effete and semi-barbarous sys. tem. With an enormous experience, with powers such as it ranrly fallc to the lot even . of minds most richly endowed by nature to. combine, and we believe with the sincere and ardent desire to regenerate the laws -of his country, the details. of which he thoroughnly understands, and the p.sa.; ciples of 'which he has so often expounded at the bar and in the House, he still seems to lack qualities equally indispensable for success in the higher walks of legislation. These are principally two, and those naturally connected -with each other. Like manv great lawyers who owe their rise principally to their own talents amd industry, during the years which most men employ in acquiring through different channels a knowledge of the world he had, according to Lord ELDoN,'s description of the (loom of a great lawyer, to worl; like a horse and live like a hermit, and is therefore more conversant with ideas than mer., and seems to lack the power- of adapting the one to the prejudices and peculiarities of the other. He is, besides, we suspect, something of a doctrinawire, and vies's each measure that he proposes as. part of a certain methodized and, co-ordinate system. not yet developed, scarcely even initiated, but destined some day or other to replace the clumsy and discordant devices by which 'we carry on the administration of justice. This is not in itself a fault; it is even a considerable nerit, but a merit whiclh it is better not to possess if it is to be the cause of uniform failure and discomfiture. Let us take the case of the Ecclesias.ical Courts themselves, and see how by an overscientific treatment the course of a just and necessary refonn has been retarded, and a long reprieve given to flagrant and long-confessed abuses. The real and practical grievances of the Ecclesiastical Courts-those which everybody denounces and nobody defends-are their ecclesiastical character, their inimense number, their missed and I anomalous jurisdiction, springing out of a state of things utterly barbarous and obsolete, their ponderous system of pleading, their abominable method of taldng evidence in private, behind the backs of the parties affected byit, the necessityof taking out more than one probate, the vexatious appeal from one 'to another, and often not an abler judge, the heavy costs and fees levied on the suitor, and the inability of these tribunals to deal with real property, or to appoint a real representative to protect property during litigation, and thus to do complete justice between the parties. The speculative defects of these courts are the monopoly possessed by the advocates anad proctors, and the anomaly of such ajurisdiction existing together with the two rival system,s of law and equity. Now, mark how completely the speculative element in the treatment of this case has been allowed to swallow up and overpower the practical. The former measures failed because the SoxaciTouG(r-N-rRAL insisted upon making these courts a portion of the Court of Chancery-a name so justly held in horror and detestation that even recent improvements, great as they are, have not reconciled the country and the House of Commons to bring anything nore into its vortex. As Sir EBJrAmm HATL saw in the desire of the peciple to have a way through St. James's Par k an excellent opportunity for upsetting the Duke of YoRE's Column, and so shipwrecked his scheme on the base of that obdurate strauture, so does the So:crTro--GREa-&x , seem to regard the tried and condemned abuses of the Ecclesiastical Courts as glorious opportunities for a crusade in favour of his pet theory-the consolidation of jurisdictions. In the present biil we have the same fault.. The monopoly of the proctors, however indefensible in theory, is no practical grievance, and certainly is by no means worth the price we are called upon to pay for its immediate extinction. To pay 160,0001. a-year to get rid of a grievance that nobody feels is a sacrifice of the material to the ideal not likely to be entertained in a practical country. 'What matters it to the suitor -whether his business be transacted by a proctor or an attorney, and by the son of that proctor or attorney in the character of an advocate or a barrister ? and yet it ought to matter a great deal, if we are to pay 160,0001. a-year for the difference. Now, we wil venture-unworthy as we are-to offer a word of counsel to the SoLmcryrOn-GxtERAL. Let him sirn for once the speculative in the practical. Let him leave for the time the Courts of Doctors' Commons and the judges, the advocates, and the proctors, untouched. Thaticorn is not yet ripe for the sickle, and the race vill gradually become extinct if he content himself with opposing obstacles to its renovation. Let him do away -with the procedure of these courts, and substitute for it the practice and the iunbicity of the common law. let him do away with the absurd provision of law 'vhich forbids a proctor to be the agent of a solicitor. This, with the abolition of the smaller Ecclesiastical Courts throughout the country, 'wil malke a good begrinng, and 'wider reforms and larger views will come in due time. We cannot -wait for the remedy of a grievous and crying abuse until that remedy shall have assmed in the eyes of the SoLmciron-G,ssaAZ the form of absolute and impeccable perfection. Like the fugitive slave of the priest in Horace, " we want "bread," having been fed to satiety on honeyed cakes. From the point of view from which it has hitherto been regarded nothing can be so difficuli as to reform the Ecclesiastical Courts ;-from the point of view from which we loolk at it, nothing more easy and certain. I the Somcrron-Gmimpii Will confine himself, in the first instance, to the remedying of admitted abuses, we cau promise him an eay and certain success-tlhat is, if he will bring in his bill in tiMe tD admit of a fair discussion, and not leave it to a time when the slightest semblance of opposition necessarily compels him to withdraw it.
For thle last eight or ten years ire have alL been talking, writing, sgreeing, aud quarrelling about education. Its importance, its necessity, its dif¶ctuty, ha.ve been argued from every point of view, and underevery form of hypothesis. Books have been multiplied, grants have been enlarged, ana now, noritlstanding the squabbles of sects and, tLe crotc]lets of individuals, it vo1uld be harcly trae or just to say that education is a thing uncared for by the people or Legislature of England. All thi3 is very good, very much better than the old state of things, which left; whole villages in ignorance of everything, or of all beyond the primer, or made the Bible a substitute for the spelling-bool-, and the catechism a, memoria techr.ica. But weconfesswe think that something more, or somethingless, would be better stilL We tire in the position of the gentleman -who examinedL a candidate for the place of cook, and, when shte had expresed herself equal to a long list of cntrcnvds 'and e- moves, asked her if she xould boil a potato. We, too, are disposed to ask lifese pupils and their teachers, "Can they boil their potatoes ' for we are surfeited with the transcendontal diet 'which they ae preparingfor usandthemselves Cn prpan ul
A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday aftermoon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. The Ministers present were Viscotnt Palmerston, the lord Chancellor, the Alarquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, MIr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Panmiure. the Chancellor of the Exchequer Sir Cnarles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Duke of Argyll, and the Right Hon. hI. T. Baines-. The Council sat two hours. The Chancellorof the Exchequer acknowledgez the receipt of the first hal1f of a 51.-note on account ef income-tax, presumed to be due, from" H. H." PuCroi WoPxs nD hRumAI-hAn account to the 3Ist cf Marc1i 1856, of the amounts placed at the -disposa of fie Public 'o.ks Comnssionersin Ireland forloans shows tbat the amomut orgingly authorized to be issued was ~354,29S., and the amount advanced 3,O71,8091., leavbig a sum of 282,48Cl. still to be issed.
LATEST INTELLIGNCE. THE EAST. (BY SUBMARNE AND BRrMSH TELEGRA H.) We have received the following telegraphic de. spatch from our AIarseilles correspondent:- " MARSEILLES, SUNDAY, 7 35 r.M. "The Borysthbne has arrived, with advices from. Constantinople of the 26th, and from the Crimea of the 24th ult. " Despatches leave at 10 p.m. " The liner Napoldon, the frigate Panama, and the thansport Birkenhead have arrived with troops from Kamtesch." ITALY. We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Turin correspondent:- * NTUR, SuimA-r, JULY 6. "The official G-e tte of Parma announces the arrival at Parma on Friday, the 4th of July, of the Marquis of lNormanby, who immediately went to wait upon the Duchess."
FBIGHTFUL STEAMBOAT COLb3SIOR. (BY EIECTIC ELEGRAP.) LIVERPOOL, SuNDAY EvFsnoG. About 2 o'clock this morning the iron screw steamer The Mail, belonging to the Dublin Screw Steam Company's fleet, was entering the Mersey from Dublin when she was run into opposite the Hock Lighthouse by the new iron steamer Excelsior, proceeding to Belfast. The Mail had stopped her enginess, but the Excelsior was at full speed. Her stem entered the port bow of the Mail and penetrated as far as the foremast, teasing up everything on its way, klling on the spot five Irish farm labourers asleep under the spar deck, and so severely injuring nine others that three have since died. The remainder are lying at the Northern Hospital in a dangerous state. The Excelsior lost her figurehead, bowsprit, anchor, and cable chain, but was otherwise uninjured, and proceeded on her voyage. The Mail was cut down to the water's edge, but sustained no injury below the water line. The names of the killed are Uichael Doran, Jobn Corlay, Martin Howes, Brian Mahon, and Morris Convee. There are three others whose bodies havo not been identified. The other sufferers are John Murphy, Patrick Battle, Lawrence Durkin, Michael Kilhorn, Daniel Noon; and Thomas NeiL There were on board about 70 deck and 4 cabin passengers. None of the latter were inijred. An inquiry will be opened in the morning.
COURT CIRCULAB. The Queen and Prince Albert, accompanied by the Prince of Wales, visited the Countess de Teuillyon Saturday afternoon at Claremont. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited Her Mlaiesty at Buckinghanm Palace. His Majesty the King of the Belgians, her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte of Belgium, and the Count of Flanders, attended by the Countess d'Yve, Colonel de Moerkerlke, and Captain Burnell, paid a visit to the Crystal Palace at Sydenham on Saturday afternoon. His Royal Highness the Prince Consort, attended by Colonel FJH.Seymour,Irode onhorseback with the Prince of Wales on Saturday morning. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louisa went to the Royal Botanic Gardens in the Regent's Park. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, ac. companied by] His Majesty the King of the Belgians and their Royal EUighnesses the Princess Charlotte of Belginm and the Count of Elanders, went to the Opera at Her Majestys Theatre in the evening. The Royal suite consisted of the Hon. Caroline Cavendish, the Countess d'Yve, Lord Camovs, Colonel de Moerkerke, Lord Charles Fitzroy, Colonel F. H. Seymour, and Captain Burnell. Yesterday the Queen and Prince Albert, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Alice, the ladies and gentlemen of the Court, and the domestic household attended Divine service in the chapel of Buckiugham Palace. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor officiated. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent went to Frogmore on Saturday, attended by Lady Anna Maia Dawson and Sir George Couper. Her Royal Highness returned to her residence, Clarenre-honse, St. James's, in the evening. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester paid visits yesterday to her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent and her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge at their respective residences. A deputation of the Executive Committee of the Manchester Exhibition of Art Treasures, 1857, had an interview with Viscount Palmerston on Saturday. The deputation consisted of Mr. Thomas Fairbairn (chairman), Mlr. Heron, and Mr. Stern. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt had a quarterly meeting on Saturday at tbe office of the Chancellorof theExchequerinDowning-street. Present-the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Governor of the Bank of England, and the Deputy-Governor. Sir Alexander Spearman, Secretary and Controller-General to the Commissioners. attended.
The Reform Cub dinner to Sir W. Williams of Ears, is fixed for Saturday next, thel12th of J'uly, when Sir W. Williams will in all likelihood be the Reform member for C-aine. Sir A. Cock-burn will preside, and the vice-presidents wil he Mr. Shafto Adair, M.P. for Cambridge, and Mfr. Michael Bass, MLP. for Derby. CusTAL PAlACE, Falv SuansG DAY, Saturday, J'uly 5.-Admisssons on payment, 698; ditto, by season tickets, 1,466: total viintors, 2,164. Lo,n,oN NxRoPons CoMPAIfNY-On Saturday a numerous company of ladies and gentlemen, includisw several members of Parliament, went to inspect the spac0ious cemetery belongg to the London Necropolis Company, at WVoking. This cemetery is beautifuly situated on Woking-heath. The company purchasedl 2,100 acres of laind formerly belonging to Lord Onslow, 1,000 acres of which have been set apart for intcerments. Th be e is consists of two great divisions, parted by therleigh reoad. In each division there is a chpel, whee the funeral service is performed. There are reception aud refreshment rooms for mourners, and, indeed, a6 the arrangements both for the burial of the dead and for the conveyance of the mourners seem to be well calculated for the solemn purpose for which they are intended. Great taste has been displayed in laying out the grounds. The soil is dry and well adapted for the purposes of interment, and the cemetery, which was opened for burials only 1g months ago, is rapidly advancing in public favour. The charges of the company are moderate, and all possible care seems to be taken to consult the feelings of the relatives of the deceased. Although a visit to suh a place may have melancholy associations, yet the great beautd of the grounds and the cbarms of the surrounding scenery present attractions for excursionists, and the visitors f Saturday were highly gratified with what they had witnessed, and satisfied wi th all the details connected with the Reervn-u (TtAxsrarsa oF CHAxGEos).-By a Government bill to alter thermode of providing for certain expenses now charged upon certain parts of the publi revenue the following charges wil henceforward bSe pa2yable out of the consolidated fund of the united lundoeer:-An anniity granted to theDuke of Marlborougo tnder the provisions of the act 5th of Anne, chap. 4, char-ged on the Post-office revenue, the net annual amount payable in respect of which is 4,0001.; the maoiet y of anL annuity granted by King Charles IL. to the Earl of Bath and his heirs, and charged upon the Excise revenue, the net annual amount payable in respect of which moiety is 1,2001.; an aannuity payable to the Dukeo of GrAfton, charged upon the Poet-office revenue by letters patent of the 20th yearof King Charles IL, confirmedby act of Parliament. the net annual amount payable in respect of which annuity is, 3,38W.; the three-fourth parts of an aLnnu-ity granted by King George I. to MAynhard Duke of Schoen. recne th sn t and charged upon the Post-office revnue thnetannual amouLnt payable in respect of -which three-for)th parts is, 2,lO0f. Such of the salaries of sheriff clerks an'i others, made payable out of the gross p reduce of Customs end Excise, under the act of the 7th year of Queen Anne, chap. 11, the art of the 10th year of Queen Anne, chap. 26, and subsequent acts, as by the proviso in section 1 of the act 17th and 18th Victoria, chap2. 94, continue to be payable out of such gross produce, so long as the present holders of the offices continue to hold the same; such salaries to be charged on the consolidated fund solononly as they would have been payable out of sucA gross produce if this act had not been passed. The following charges and payments, charged under the provisions of various acts of Parliament upon the revenues of Customs, Excise, Taxes, and Post-office are to be paid ouit of aids or supplies to be provided for the purpose, vizi. Superannustious. pensions, compgensations, and annuities granted in respect of services rendered by persons formerly employed in the several revenue departments, under the acts-the 47th of George Ill., 3sessi.Aon 2, chaLG6 6; the 50th of George IM cha p. 117; the 3d ofGeorge J.V., chap. L13 ; the 4th and 5th of William W, chap. 24; the 5th and 6th of William IV., chap. 72; and expenses payable out of the Consolidated Customs under the act 17th and 18th of Vie. tori;, chap. 104. CuRious Disco-vnERy.-The liockbone of an immense animal was recently discovered in the bedl of the river Ancholme, near Brigg, Lincolnshire. The hock is 64 inches in circumference, and the bottom part of the bone (which has been cut) is 48 inches in circumference. It a6ppears to be the heckbene of the megatherium. It is now in the possession of Mfr. R. B. Leary, printer, Lincoln. PumercRxeoanD-The 37th report of the Deputykeeper of Pu-blic Records has been published in the ferns of a blue-book. It is almost exclusively occupied withL mait. ters~of nmeedeteil.
FOREIGN INTEL TIGENOE. FRANCIL I (1P.(O3r OUR OWN CORIMSPONENT.) I A portion of the following appeared in our moond edi, Uon of Saturdav:-I PARIS, S&TruDAY, JuLY 5, 6 P.51. Private letters from Turin of the 3d fuly corroborate the important fact wlich so far bck as the period of the Paris Conferences I announced as probable-namely, the re-establishment of aincable relations between Russia and Sardinia, which were inSterrupted in 1848. This reeonciliation, which is now an accomplished fact, is not lightly appreciated by the constitutional Governmient of Piedmont; it is one of the consequences of the participation of that country in the war. But, however satisfactory to the parties more immediately concerned, it will harxdy be considered by Austria as a triumph for her policy. I long ago mentioned that Count Orloff while in Paris frankly declared to Count Cavour that it -was owing to the persuasion of Austria that Russia broke off her diplomatic relations with Piedmont in 1848 ; that ii; was the same Power which, even after the signatLre of the Treaty of Milan in 1849, prevented the Emperor Nicholas from recognizing the conxstitutional government of Victor Emmanuel; and that 'ihe language used by Count Nesselrode in 1853, on the subject of the sequestrations, was prompted by the Cabinet of Vienna. The country which the astute and unscrupulous policy of Austria represented as a prey to revolution and anarchy has been able to send an army to reinforce the allies is the Crimea, and to weaken its garrisons everywhere without tranquillity being disturbed for an hour. Even Russia herself must, have been struck by the contrast between the tergiversations and timidity of Austria and the loyal and resolute conduct of Piedmont. However the Emperor Alexander may look- with disfavour on a countrv which promises to extend liberty in Italy, and which is looked up to by Italian patriots Twith respeet and with hope for the future, he cannot but admire it when he remembers how Austria has acted; and the reception given to General Dabormida, as well as the tone of the press known to be in the interest of Russia, prove how much Piedmont and its constitutional Sovereign have grown in the estimation of the Czar. At all events, the re-establishrment of friendly relations between the two Goveinments is a serious shock to Austrian diplomacy. A letter from Piacenza (Duc'hy of Parma) of the 2 7 ult. mentions that at Parma, the public mind was a good deal agitated by the suldden and unexpected appearance -of a considerable number of Austrian troops on two points of the frcntier-Cremona and Casal-Maggiore. The Austrian authorities are accustomed to regard Parma as the principal focus of revolultion. The protest of the Duke deMontpensier against the decree for the grant of 600,000f. to the heirs of the Princesses of Orleans has been received in Paris. Count de Mormy will leave on Sunday for Wildbad. He will find there the Empress-Dowager of Russia and a Dortion of the Court. He will start from Wil7lbad for Berlin, where he will be met by the official members, of his mission, namely, Count Joachinr, Murat, Secretary of the Legislative Body; the Marquises de Courtavel, de Mausabry, and de Grammont-Cade. rousse, attaches; General Lebceuf, of the artillery of the Guard; General Froissard, of the Engineers, both of whom were present at the siege of Sebastopol ; Colonel Reille, son ol the Marshal; the Prince de Bauffremont, Captain of the Gnides; and Captain Peimal, of the same corps. Count de Mormy will arrive at Berlin about the 25th of July, and the whole mission will leave for St. Petersburg by land. Every day baggage and servants are leaving Paris, and every measure has been tah:en to surround the embassy with every luxury. I. Charles Baudin, first secretary, has just left for lis post, accompanied by the Marquis de Pienne and the Co-ant de Sayves. The-Grand Duchess of Baden, accompanied by M. Walsh, Chamberlain, and the Baroness de Saucy, Lady of Honour, left St. Cloud at half-past 9 yesterday morning for St. Gratien, near Enghien, the present residence of Princess MIathilde, to pay a visit toher Imperial Highness. The GrandDuchess returned to St. Cloud about 3 in the afternoon. M. -Magne and M. Fortoul, the Ministers of Finance and Public Instruction, have proceeded to Ems to take the waters. M1onsignor Patrizi arrived at Marseilles in the evening of the 2d inst., accompanied by Ml. Feuillet de Conches, Grand Mlaster of the Ceremonies, Prince Bacciochi, and several other persons of the Emperor's household. His Einfinence and suite embarkecf the next morning in tho steam-corvette Da Chayla for Civita Yecchia. The Prussian steam-corvette]Dantsic with Prince Adalbert of Prussia on board, arrived at Cherbourg on Wednesday morning, the 2d iust. The Maritime Prefect immediately went on board, and his Royal Highness landed in the afternoon with a Dutch Prince, who accompanied him. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ended on the 23d ult. were 716,266f., or 364,142f. less than dirting the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts sin,e the 1st of January amounted to 21,600,866f., being a difference in favour of 1855 of 566,216f. The Three per Cents. closed on Friday at 72f. 10c. for the end of the month; and tbe Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. ; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,417f. 50c.; Great Northern, 1,108f. 75c. ex. div.; Stragburg, 955f.; New Shares, 880f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,450f. ex. div.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,767f. 50c.; Western of France,965f.; Bordeauxand Cette, 772f. 50c. ex. div.; Great Central of France, 6601. ex. div.; Lyons and Geneva, 8101. ex. div.; Ban. of Credit Mobilier, 1,5801f.; Austria Rallways, 877f. 50c. ex. div. Cours Authentique.-PAiS, July 4.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 89f. 50c.; ditto (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 50c. 94f 93f. 75c F sour per Cents. 82f.; Three per Cents., 71f. 80c. 903, 72E. 71f. 80c.; ditto second Loan of 1I5O (60 per cent. paid), 711. 75c. 95c. 70c.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid+, 711. 75c. 95c. 70c.; Bank of France, 4,12Sf. 4.1G0f.;6rldit Foncier, 680f.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 430f.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f. Credit Mobilier, 1,5W5. 1,580. ; Discount Banlc, 700f. -iedmon. tese Five per Cents., 94f.; Austriax Five per 6ents., 881; Belgian Four-and-a-Half Per Ceiit,., 981; Romans, 87X; Spanish Interior Debt, 39.R Excharge on Leadon, at sigit, paper, 25f. 27.c. ; money, 2Sf. 25c. three months, paper, z2i.; money, of. 97mc. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 5e. for the end of the month; and the New Loan at 72f. 5c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,425f.; Great Northern, 1,1l5f.; Strnsburg, 957f. 50c.; New Shares, 880f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,460f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,785f.; IWfestern of France, 967f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 770f.; Great Central of France, 685f. ; Lyons and Geneva, 820f.; Bank of Cr4dit Mobilier, 1,590f.,; Autrian Railways, 872f. 50c. COurs Autheniquc-PArmS, Tulyr 5.-Cash-n Prioe.- F Fonr-and.a-Half per Cents., not reimwbursable for 10 years, 94f. 93f. 7OC.; Three per Cents., 7Jf. S0c. 85c. 75c. 60c.; ditto second loan of 1855 (60 per cer,t. paid), 71f. 60. 65c. - ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 71f. 60c. 65c. * s of France, 4,150f.; Credit Foncer Obligations of 500f., Three per Cents., 390f.; Credit Alobilier, 1,592f. 50c. 1,590f.; Discount Bank, 700f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 94f. Austrian Five per Cents., 88"1 Belgian Fourand-a-Half per Cents., 98l; Romans, 87?; Spanish Deferred Converted, 24A * ditto ThIee per Cents., 44 ; ditto Interior Debt, 39 E . Exchange on Lendon, at sight, a r, 25f. 271c.; money, 25f. 25c,; three months, paper, 2f;money, 24. 97.'c. AUSTRIA. (reom ou0 owN conUPsroNnra-x.) VIENNA, JuTY L Italy is full of alarming rumours, and in some of the cities of Lombardy itisfirmly believed that there have been serious disturbances in the neighbouring duchies. Parma appears to be quiet, but we are able to obtain no information as to what is doing at Carrara and Massa. Count Creaneville is stillat the heaa ot the Austrian troops in Parma, but he is extremely desirous to get some other appointment. The Austrian General requeste(d Marshal RadetzLy to remove him from a post which has in fact become untenable, but his wish was not complied with. Tt is stated in military circles that the Duchess of Parma has dem2inde the recall of General Couit Crenneville, but the correctuess of the report cannot he depended on. as the most highly placed officers are frequently singularly ill-informed of what is passing beyond.the lines of Vienna. Tele- graphic advices of the 28th June have been received from Rome. The " Extraordinary Governm>antComnimissions" which had been fcrmed in the Roman Miarches have been abolished. The province of Ancona is in future to be a simple Legation, and it will be placedl under onsignore Randi, who was formerly the delete for Peragia. Cardinal Viale PreT, the Papal Nunclo at this Court, will swon go to his pest at Bologna, to which archiepisopal see he was appointed many months ago. The Cirdinars' friends, and he hba giany in this city, state that he quits Vienna with a heavy heart. If the medical world is io be believed, the Empress wil be confined by the end of the week. Prince Richard Mettermch, the eldest son of the renowned statesman, was married yesterday, in the chapel of the Papal Nnncio, to the Countwss Pauline Sandor, the daughter of the Hungarian noble who some years ago was well knowvn to anl men who followed the hounds in Leicestershire. General Rose arrived here the day before yesterday, on his way to England. RUSSIA. (FRoM OUR s3ZM CO oSrPoNDM.) BERLIN, Jum 3 An Imperial ukase, dated June 25th, empowers I the Minister of Finance to issue two new series of Treasury notes, to the amount of 6,000,000 of silver roubles. They are destined, according to the tenms of the ukase, to take the place of two series of notes issued in 1848, and which must now be paid of. They are to bear interest from July 1st. The Mariie Jountal mentions-that a number of gunboats have been lately launched, with perfect success, in the presence of the Granel Duke Constantine and other Imperial Princes; and various reviews of these small craft have since been held. An Imperial ukase orders that the owners of all boats shall be reouired to prevent any privatepersonswho may hire tfieir eraft from taking any soundings in the sailing channel along the coast in the governIment of St. Petersburg and in the arms of the Neva. The GrandDuke Constantine has ordered that the musketoons, which have hitherto been used in the navy as boarding weapons, shall be replaced by rifled firearms, such as.are used by the Dragoons, and the latter have already been distributed to the different crews. Lord Wodehouse, with her Ladyship andl family, arrived in St. Petersburg on the 24th ult. The official lists of the shipping in Finland show the present amount of craft still afloat, together with the extent of the losses thtt province has sustained during the war. There remain still 295 trading vessels, with an aggregate tonnage of 21,868 lasts, and there were 89 vessels captured during the war, with a tornage of 9,514 lasts. In addition to the above there were 22 lost by wreck, &c., during the same period, of 1,734 lasts burden; and 158, of 25,&89 lasts burden, were sold. The commercial marine is thus now only about half as numerous as it was before the comnmencement of the war, and among the numerous instances of favour and forethought exhibited by the Russian Government towards linland is a recent ordinance for the importation duty free of all materials for shipbuilding, and also the allotment of 400,000 silver roubles by the Finland Bank, to be advanced under liberal conditions to persons whose property in vessels had been injured in the late war. The other measures which were taken at the commencement of last month for the benefit of Finlland had reference to improvements in educational matters, facilities for the inland trade in salt, and the appointment of Government translators to render the Russian official documents into Swedish, &c. The statement I lately made turns out to be quite correct, that the Russian Government is having the general tariff reviewed, with the intention of publishing a revised edition of it thi3 autumn; the duties on imports by land are for the present to remain the same as they were fixed in the tariff of June 23, 1854; for imports by sea, however, the tariff of 1850 is still to hold good. The duty on coffee, as a single exception among the imports by sea, is from August 1st of this year to be three ronbles per poud instead of 3r. 70c. The state of the growing crops is described as very satisfactory in aU the governments; in Cherson alone there seems to be a plague of locusts, but measures are already being taken to extirpate them. It is mentioned in Russian corre3pondence that an Engalishman and a Frenchman are at present in St. Petersburg actively promoting the views of capitalists of their xespective nations in the prosecution of the various plans for railways, which the Government has so much at heart in carrying out; these gentlemen are, however, described as by no means satisfied with the miinimum of dividend that the Government is disposed to guarantee, viz., 4 per cent. The conviction of the Russian commercial world seems to be, that for such lines as do not run between the three capitals, St. Petersburg, Moscow, and Warsaw, 4 per cent. is the outside that the Governmeit can guarantee without risk of loss. Aloanhas been| talked of for the purpose of enabling the Government to carry out these works without the aid of foreigners, but the idea seems not to have met with much encouragement ; stiU less prospect has any plan for joint-stock companies ilt Russia, for which the native capitalists seem to have no inclination at all. As this excessive indolence and indisposition to joint action stands in such marked contrast to the spirit of united action exhibited by the lower classes of Russia, it is fondly hoped that it will be overcome when the reiterated efforts of the press in recommending railway undertakings begin to take effect. This unwillingness on the part of the native capitalists to embark in railway speculations may, perhaps, be accounted for by the high value of money in Russia; in ordinarytimesthisi3 7per cent.,but now that the close of the war gives anadditional impulse to every description of commercial and industrial undertaking it is easy enough to get from 16 to 24 per eent. interest for loans secured on landedproperty, on which, perhaps, the State Banks have already taken a mortgage for a limited amount. A letter from Trebizonde, dated June 16, states that a Russian corps of 40,000 men is marching against Schamyl. The Turks have deserted all the fortresses on the Asiatic coast, and destroyed the fortifications of Sheikatil. As yet the Russians have only taken possession of Redout-Kaleh, and do not for the present venture to occupy any other point of the Circassian coast, in consequence of the highly excited tone of feeling existing in the populations of Abasia and Circassia; these latterare all armed, and are understood to have bound themselves by an oath that no Russian shall walk on Circassian soil as long as there is one Cireassian alive. The Turkish fleet is collecting all the cannon which are stil lying in the fortified works on the Asiatic coast. in Trebizonde there are still five battaions of infantry and two detachments of artiUery; there are also 10,000 men expected there soon from Erzeroum, to embark for Constantinople. ITALY. (FoRM oUR OWN CORRESPOXIDs'NT.) TURfN, JursE 30. The reports which I mentioned in mny last of the accumulation of Austrian troops along the southeastern frontier of Lombardy have been confirmed on good authority. Cremona seems to be the principal point to which these reinforcements are directed in the first instance, and the amount of mateMiel of war sent there in all haste from Mantua is said to be very large; the hurried manner in which artilery in payticular had been despatched from the defences of the latter place and furnished with field guns from store showed that great importance was attached to this movement. From Milan, also, troops had been withdrawn for this service to such an extent that General Giulai thought it necessary to assure the Milanese that they need be iunder no apprehension of want of protection, as the troops so withdrawn would be immediately replaced. As yet we have no positive information of theAustians having entered the Duchy of Parma except at Piacenza, where the " right of garrison permits tnem to pour in as many men as they like, and they seem bent on stretching the ternm to its utmost limit, as the citadel and town itself are reported to be crammed with soldiers. From Piacenza to the capital the distance is but slight, so that, if the object of all this demonstration be to take military possession of the duchy, it is evident that these dispositions place the means in the hands of the Austrian generals, and we may expect to hear at any moment of its accomplishment. But is that the object, and the only object? The Governments of France and England seem to care little about the matter, thinking, perhaps,- the degree of coercion exercised on the small Sovereigns of Italy by Austria is not wrorth cavilling about, and that a little more or less makes no difference. Sardinia, however, for her own sake, I if not on behalf of a co-national Government subjected against its will to the military dictatorship of I a foreign Power, has clearly even :more right to object to this threatening collection of troors at Piaenza than Austria had to remonstrate ag,ainst the formation of a Sardinian camp at. Spezzia. I don't know whether this Government is offi- cially aware yet of the extent of these move- ments, but as soon as it has arrived, at that pitch of enligl?ftw=t it will, probably, authorize its representative at Vlienna to ask the Ministser 1ir Foreign AfiUirs there what it aUl means; and he Will, doubtless, receive a most satisfactory reply to the effect that the Parma police being insufficient to preserve peace in the duchy it was desirable to Igive them the moral -support of-a few thousand Austrian soldies in the neighbourhood, and that Piacenza being already garrisoned by Ausrin troops, according to treaty, as the most convenient point for the purpose. In the meantime neither the Governmentnorthe peopleof Piedmont delude themselves as to the real motives of such operations. The conviction grows stronger here every day, and is only too well confirmed by acts like these, that, if Sardinia is to preserve her independence and her present form of Government, she must prepare herself for a maortal struggle with the enemy of both. It has often been said by persons who believe themselves disinterested observers, that the policy ascribed by Sardinians to the Austrian Government is highly coloured by their national antipathies, and that foreigners who reside any time in Piedmont are [apt to have their vision affected in the same way by the political atmosphere. As I have frequently encdeavoured to persuade you that nowhere was the poliye of Austria better understood than in Italy, it a quite possible you may have fancied that I ras suffering from the same disorder; but certainly the acts of the Vienna Government in the last twvo years have fully confimed the foresight of people in authority here, and a recent letter from your correspondent at Vienna shows that just now, at least, Austrian policy - Austrian-Italian policy perhaps I should say-is not yet appreciated there. Writing from Vilenna, under date June 21, he says, "ITt is evident to me that the Austrians have beenrequested by the Regent of Parma to withdraw from her territories as soon as convenient, and you may therefore soon expect to hear from one or other of your Italian correspondents that the Imperial troops are falling back on Piacenza, where they have the right of garrison." Now, no one in Italy ever believed that the Austrian troops were about to evacuate Parma, because Count Crenneville, in a rage, told the Duchess Regent she mnust guard the safety of her own dominions against conspiracy if she would not submit to his absolute rule. On the contray it was very generaUy feared and suspected that the next move of Austlia would be to excite disturbances with a view to frightening the Duchess into obedience; and, though nothing of the kind has as yet taken place, the notices in Austrian papers of insurrectionary movements being apprehended give very great reason to expect that as soon as the principal performers have got into position the play will begin. I have before told you that there can be no difficulty in exciting such a movement as would entirely satisfy the wants of the Austrian authorities in affording a pretext for occupying militarily the whole country awithout risk of its spreading generally, and when Austrian troops are in possession of the western frontier of marma and Modena, from Piacenza to Carrara, the object of these operations will have been gained so far. There is a rumour at present of the agents of Mazzini being morethanusuaUlyactiveinthe Duchy of Carrara, which, if it is true, is, to say the least, a very remarkable coincidence, but as to any spontaneous outbreak in any part of Italy, except such an isolated fact as a fewv maniacs hounded on for a great political object, I do not believe there is the smaUest danger at this moment. General Daborbimida, who was sent on a special mission to acknowledge the communication of the Emperor of Russia on his accession to the throne, returned to Turin yesterday from Paris. SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 50th -It. At the opening of the sitting of the Cortes on that day M1. Orense presented an address of the provincial deputation of Palencia, condemning the recent events in that city, and demanding indemnities for the victims of those excesses. The Government acquired every day additional proofs that the conspiracy had extensive ramifications, and that its principal object was to destroy all the provision stores. Moat of the incendiaries of Castile are operatives who earnwed good wages, and dear food was a mere pretext tO force the people to revolt. Mi. Escosura, the Binister of the Interior, had 'written to his colleagues that he hoped to discover the origin of this plot against property. All the Ministers and General Espartero in particular, are determined to punish these crimes in an exemplary manner. "'Once for all," said the General, " we must either cease to be a Governmnent or re-establish the prestige and power of authority." The arrests at Valladolid were said to exceed 200. The proprietors are to beindemnified. The Government had demanded the returns of the losses they had suffered, and the Cortes will vote a special loan to that effect. An attempt had been made at Aranjuez to set fire to a corn store. The accounts from Catalonia were satisfactory. The Captain-General of Cuba has offered the Government 12,000.000 reals, at two, three, or six months' date; but the Government has answered that satisfactory arrangements for meeting all its engagements np to the end of the year have been made, and that it prefers leaving the money in the island, in case any need for it should arise. The Deputy-Commander of Old Castile had forwarded to the Minister of War the following telegraphic despatch, dated Vallado]id, 29th, at noon:- "I have nothing new to communicate. The CaptaiGeneral returns to-day at 4 o'clock. This morning, at 8, four incendiaries and one woman were to be executed at Palencia." We read in the Epoca.- "Our letters from Valladolid are dated tho 28t, at mid. 3ight. General Armero had left on that day for Palencia, accompanied by a body of National Guards. Tne person executed on the 28th was the guard of a stage coach, who, it appears, carried to Valladolid the bottles containing the vitriol used by the incendiaries. He refused to make known his accomplces. Several other executions were to take place to-day. Among them were two women. It appears from the declarations of the prisoners that large sums of money wore distributed. A portion of the National Guard was at first inclined to countenance the rioters, but when they began to burn and plunder they declared against them. The plan of the conspirators embraced the whole of Castile. At Valladolid they were to set at liberty the SO8 convicts confined in the Presidio. It was said that men belonging to the bands of Hierros and Villslain and foreigners were seen in the groups. Four or five National Guards weremore or less seriously wounded. Themoment martisl law was proclaimed the cries ceased, the groups dispersed, order was re-established, and there is no fear at present of its being again disturbed." The Epoca says that the Government intends to display the greatest energy in the MIexican affair. Orders had been given to the frigate Esperanza and the corvette Villa de Bilboa to join, without delay, the naval force lately sent from :lavannah. Other ships of war are being fitted out in the ports of Spain, some of -which will be soon ready to sail.
HER MAJESTPS THEATB. On Saturday night, for the first time this season, Her Majesty honoured with her presence the theatre that by its name is especially connected with Royalty. Theparty comprised. Prince Albert, the King of the Belgians, the Princess C1harlotte, the Count of FlIanders, Lord Camoys, the Eon. Miss Macdonald, Lord Charles Fitzroy, and Colonel Seymnour. I Copyletti ed i Afon/ecsd, 'with Mademoisele Johanna Wag,ner, Mdemoiselle Jemnn Baur, 3. leichardt, 31. Bouche, and 31. Beneventano in the principal characters, was the opera performed on the occasion. Unless an enumeration of visitor forms part of the general description of some exhibition or performance xeviewed on its own account, it is our usual practice to confine to the " Court Circular" all mention of the private visits of Royalty to any place of public amusement. We depart from our ordinary practice on this occasion from a knowledge of the fact that among those who reggard the Opera-house as a sort of national institution, the presence of Her Majesty hasbeen anticipated with a great deal of anxiety ever since this theatre hasreopened. Though the old estahlishment had revived with its old glories upon it, and its old prtrons had hastened to take their old places within its precincts, it was felt that so long as one SpaCiOUS boxc remained unoccupiedhy the mostillustrious of tenants the resuscittion ws snot quite complete. Under these circumstances, and considering how large a portion of our metropolitan readerstakeinterest in the edifice that is especially the resort of aistocracy and fashion to the London world, we have deemed Her Zajesty's first visit to Her MajestAR !lrActre worthy of mention, as an event of general interest. ROYAL CoLTzGE or SurGEONs.-The following gentlemen having uadergone the necessary examinations for the diplomsi, were admitted members ef the College at the mjeeting of ihe Co-art of Examiners ou the 4th iAt. - Messrs. Nichvs) Noysey, Royal Navy; Benury Gae Sutton, MiddlcaboroagTb, Yorkabires JameaPaterson CasseUs, Gateabead& }itieisad CaLaghain, Cask; John Dirummcad, Greerihs.s, M&.aedestzr; Silveste? uvines, St. HElen's, Ianca ixe ;Daibel ( smor, Ki.tney, Iraland ; William FeMry Coll Hereferd: hrQet Art1nr Ellidtt,Army; I Xe i Robert%rdo:l, ewby-pae, foplar.
THE . EDA.__ I B~~~~OVTHlPl'OlN, itFz £ By ihe Fcn[Mftl&r,&nd Criental Company'ar St.uabir Indug, n B ou6 mthl tThe Indis, Chinks, and Ken - zanesan Ilg in mchle of Ietenant Dennehay,:XW., Admirilty -goat, we have dates from Alexandria, Jun. 21;. 31ata, 25; Gibrxltar, 30. The End-s bringe109 peasegesa, amug wko4jn vre 31oor IL Kam, Prince of Scinde, :md four_1s&tive servants, Liex. tenant-Colonel Graham, Captain Powell, Ady CJ;ne lAne Fox, Colonel Egerton,; NietenwColone! Dherly Lieutenant Beilly, Dr. Wright, Sc., and a cargo conaisting. of 850 bales of sil}, 15 paciages of elephants teeth, 13 bales of wool, andl3 packagas of gemrl meanelue At lhta were Her Majsty's shipe Hiberna, Queen, Terrible, Transit, and Conflict. Our dates from Gibraltar are to the 30th ult. On the night of the 27th, about three miles off Tarifa, the French merchant steamer Yamella, which was leTaing Gibraltar for Rouen, ran into the British bark Qeen, Consilce master, cutting her down to tbe water's redge. The bark- foundered in about an hour and a-half after the collision. She was bound f3rm NewcastLe toAlexandria -With a cargo of coal and coke, and had been out about 26 days. The captain and crew, 14 in number, saecd 4hemselves by jumping on board the .Pamella, which vessel conveyed them to Gibraltar. The Pamell3 then proceeded oiL her vojbge. The *ailing trailsport Star o:t the South left Gibraltar for Spithead, laden with Governmoent stores, on the morning of the 28th; also the steam tranport Peninsula, with the 4th, 7th, and 8th companies of Royal Sappers and Miners orz boerd, under the command of Mjor Nicholson. The steam transport Oneida, with the Eaniskillen Dragoons on board, and the! saiing transport Iondon in tow, leftthe same evening for England. The British steamer Tamaulipas, seven and a-half days from Liverpool, arrived zt Gibraltar on the 28th lth. The steam transportW. S. Lindsay vaa reporte. by tho British steamer inmz de Castro, which arrive& at Gibraltar on the 24th ulLt, to be off Cape Spartel vainly endeavouring to make Gibraltar, owing to the strong easterly wind which prevailed. The Government steamtug Bustler and the Vesuvius steamBloop were immediately despatched to her assistance, but her destination being found to be Malta the vessels both returne The LIndsay is laden with blocls, tackle, &c., for Malta dockyard, after discharging which she will proceed to Belaklava for the puarpose of embarldng horses for England. The steam transport Ripon, from Southampton to Malta and the Crimea, sailed from Gibraltar on the 27th. Her Majesys steanasloop Adiel left Gibrzltsr for Algeciras on the morninl of the 27th, her intmtion being to proceed on a cruise as far as the Riff coast. The steam transport Marley Hill, Her Majesty's troopship Belleisle, &c., had sailed fror Gibraltar for Eungland. The schooner Betsy Hall, Tucker master, .was nearly driven on to the reef of rocis ner the GreenIsland, but managed to make sail at high tide in sufflident time to save herself. Exchange at Gibraltar for bills on London at 90 days' date are quoted at 507; Paris, 5f. 38c.; Marseiles, nf. 39c.
ALLEGED POISOYILG OF A MAN BY HIS WIFE AT BOLTON. A cas3 has attracted much attention atBolton, in which a four dealer named Daniel lIuUen is reported to have died from taking tartsarized alLtimony, administered by his wife. The drug was known at the chymists' by the nLme of " quietners,"and was usually purchased by women whohad drunken husbands, to cure therm of the habit. At an inquest on the deceased held on Friday night by Mr. Taylor, the coroner of Bolton, Mary Ann Hatton, a domestic servant, in the employ of tbe deceased and his wife for the last ni}e months, deposed as follws :-Deceased had had three drinling " bouts," eah ^lasting three or four days. His last d-inling bout began on the 7th of June, bui he got well and attended to his bminess until the 21st of June, when he boecame il, and Ar-. Dorrian, surgeon, was called in next; day. The prisoner (Betsy Ml'Mullen) was in the habit of drinking, as well as her deceased husband, seldom going to bed sober. Deceased had occasionally vomited his meals all the time she was there, but much oftener than usunal during the last three months. He was sometimes sic' k when he had not been drinking. About three months ago she saw her mistress take a basin off the shelf in the pantry, and then a white paper out of her pocket, from which she took a pinch of white powder, and put it in the basin. She then put broth in the basin, andgave it to deceased. Didnotremember whetherhe-wasiUafterthat. Since that time her mistress had often sent her out of the sitchen when she was preparing dinner. She had seen her mistress put some white powler into the deceased's food two or three times simce then. and on Thursday, June 26, she saw her mix some with water, and put it into the physic bottle of the deceased, which MIr. Dorrian had sent him. The deceased took all the physic, and it made him verq sick. On Friday last she put some white powder in some tez., and sent witness with it to deceased. Witness gave him part of it, and put the rest into a bottle and sent It to Mr. Dorrian, the surgeon. When her mistress wa; drunk on one occasion witness took from ueer pocket a paper of white powder, which she sert to Mr. Dornan. M1r. James Dorrian, surgeon, said on examination he found both the white powder sent to him and the tea to contain tartarized antimony. He was the medical-attendant of the deceased, andnever prescribed antimony. Had made apost mortem examination of the body and found no appearance of natura' diseasa to account for death, but the appearances were similar to those wlich would be cawsed by the excessive and improper use of tartarised antimony, which, if it had not been the immediate cause of death, had aceelerated it. Mmr. E H. Watson, analytical chymist, said he had examined thebottles containing3medicine and tea, and also the liver and kidneys of deceased, andfoundtraces of antimony in all of them. J. Rowland Simpson, druggist, said he was in the habit of selling emetic powders, composed of tartarized antimony and cream of tartar. The povwders were sold at ld. each, and he usually cautioned the purchaser to be careful of it, and to divide each powder into four doses. They were called " quietners." He did not remember tiat men ever purchased them. It was proved that the deceE,sed and prisoner had effezted an mnsrance on their joint lives for 100L, payable on the death of either, to the survivor. The Jury found that the death of deceased had been accelerated by antimony, willy dministered by Betsy M'Mlleu, his wife, and expressed thceir disaspprobaition of the indic;criminate dispensing of such medicines The prisoner was then committed for trial at the assizes.
BROB1IPTON EOSPITAL, CQuATHA-.-Agreeably to request, Staff Surgeon . C. Reade begs to acknowledge, with the sincere thanks of the Crimean soldiers under his charge, the receipt of a quantity of pcapers sent for their use by Mr. March, newspaper agent, of 114,Blackfiars-roael Be begs also to acknowvledge the receipt of a larg3e numnber of boo- s, drawintgs, and variouis misrcellaneous articles from other kind friends. FRPEBiatmlET.-The Rey. Earry M -arin, ALA., of Jesus College, Cambridge, has been instituted by the Lord Bishop of Exeter to the rectory of Combe-in-Teignbead, in the diocess of Exeter, -acant by the resignation of the Rev. John Wrey, MLA. Patrons, ThomasnWrey Harding, Essq., and Walter Long, Esq., ILP. Com= PoUCE.-Some of the western counties have talen steps to carry into practical effect tie measmre which haLs recently been passed by the ei3lature for the establishment of a more efficient constabulry force in the counties and boroughs of the kingdom. The magistrates of Somerset, at their quarterly se,sions, held at Taunton a few days ago, elected a chief constable; and the magistrates of Devon, at the Midsuimner quitrter sessions, just beld, reappointed a committee (which liad had the eubject of a rural police under considerationbef3ore the introduction of Sir G. Grey's measure) to consider whether one or two chief constables should be appointed for Devonshirem and to mAke arrangements for carrying the provLsions of the act iato effect. The magistrates of Dorset, also, at their recent quartersessions, appointed a committeeto-inquire howmany constles oughtto beappoi'nt-ed vithi'n the cotunty, wit the rates of payment of the chie£ and his subordinates, and to ;resent; a repo3rt at an adjournled session. >-cotnt)rx or COa~O] S.-A lbll -has been prepared and brought in by Mr. Massey and Sir G. Grey to authorize the encloiure of certain lands in pursuance of a special report of the Enclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. The lands in question are as follows, Tiz. Newport, in the county of Essex; Henrmington-hill, Somer. set; Eait Neon, Wintershill-common, and lls, Southampton; layiwen tornuonable iie4da, I.lyswen-common, and MJnyddlernach, Brecon;' Hather'on and Chatcul-green, Stafford; Letterston, Pembroke; South Crea}e, Norfolk Calstock, Cornmall; Winteshorn-I.oor, Bransdby, and petomn Roentek, York; eziXbam, Lynton, aud L;nA. eth isorLynDe-on; Filton, Glocester- Astou and B niitn eaiegtonAstea,, ad littkle 3liunden, liertferd - Ssint I]5 I)own, Gan;tv lutwisi, 1-i.u~ Framfieljl-aaor, Sustex Hsahedisn, 13ueiks-Ahwiaoe, liorthuer.hrand; Glyaiynwidd and Glysileecn, 31ontgocuar; ad Llangiltho.emmDm ,ia
AMEMRICA. LIVERPOOL, SUgA&Y. The Royal mail steamship Arabia, Stone comnander, arrived in the MIersey yesterday evening, *with advices from New York to the 25th xat., 173 passengers, and $1,570,309 in specie on freight. At 5 p.m. on the 2d inst. the Arabia passed the Royal mnail steamship Africa, hence. The United States' mail steamship Atlantic, hence, arrived out on - the 22d ult., and the steamship North Star, from Southampton, on the 24th ult. Thenonidnations forPresident and Vice-Pzesident had proceeded vigorously, and the following candidates are now in the field :-For President, Democratic) James Buchanan; Pennsylvania; Repablican, John C. Fremont, California; Know-Nothing, MBillard Fillmore, New York; Know-Nothing B0olters, N. P. Banks, junI., ?,asachussotts; KnowNothing Sub-Bolters, R. F. Stckton, New Jersey: Abolition, Gerrit Smith, New York. For VicePresident, J. C. Breckenridge, Kentucky; W. L. Dayton, lNew Jesey; A. J. Donelson, Tennessee; W. F. Johnston, Pennsylvania; Kenneth Raynor, North Carolina; S. M'arland, Pennsylvania In the Senate Mr. Clayton had made a long speech, full of quotations from Lord Clarendon's speech during the debate on the Central American question, in which he accused his Lordship of having rmisrepresented him. General Cass made some remarks upon the subject, and lINr. Toombs expressed an opinion that the Central American difficulty might be settled by arbitration. This member also gave notice of another plan for the pacification of Kansas. He proposes to have a census taken of the population of the territory, a reaistration of voters for the protection of the freedom of the ballot-bos, and an election of delegates to a convention to form a constitution, preparatory to the adnission of Kansas as a State as early as practicable. A message had been received from the President, in response to a resolution asking for a copy of the instctions to MIr. Buchanan, late Mlinister at England, on the subject of the invitation to the British Government to enter into a treaty similar to that betw een RPussia and the 'United States, recognizing the principle in favour of neutral comnmerce, that free ships make free goods. A joint resolution, appropriating $40,00U for the purchase of the British Arctic exploring ship Resolute had passed. It is designed to refit the vessel, and restore her to the British Government. MIr. Geyer had introduced a bill, providing for the faithful execution of the provision of the Kansas Nebraska Act in Kansas. In the House of Representatives Mr. Lakeman (Nigger Worshipper), of New York, hadgiven notice of his intention to introduce a bill, amending the act of 1818, prohibiting the introduction or importation of slaves. Padre Vijil had left Washington on his return home. "The climate of the northis said to disagree with him." General Gadsden had arrived in Washington with the new treaty and convention w ith Mexico. Mlr. Fillrore had been received most enthusiastically upon his return from Europe by his friends and supporters, whom he addressed in suitable terms, and to whoma he expressed a hope that the day was far distant when they should see one portion of their country arrayed ag,ainst another. In a letter accepting the nomination of the Democratic National Convention held at Cincinnati, 3Mr. Buchanan thus expresses his principles and policy. Re says: " In the Brst place, I cordiaUly concur in the sentiments expressed by the Convention onthe subject of civil andzeligious liberty. No party founded on religious or political intolerance towsrds one class of American citizens, whether 'corn in our own orin aforeignland,can long continue to exist in this country. We zre all equal before God and the Constitution; and the dark spirit of despotism and bigotryr, whichwouldcreate odiousdistinctions among our fellowcitizens, will be speedily rebuked by a free and enlightened public opinion. "- The agitation on the cuestion of domestic slavery has too long distracted and divided the people of this Uuion, and alienated their affections from each other. This agitation has assumed inany forms since its commencement, bat it now steras to be directed chiefly to the territories, and, judging from its present character, I think we may safelv anticipate that it is rapidly approaching a 'finality.' The recent legislation of Congress respecting domestic slavery, derived, as it has been, from the original and pure fountain of legitimate political power, the will of the majority, promises ore long to allay the dangerous excitement. 'ihis legislation. is founded upon priaciples as ancient as free governmnent itseif, and, in accordance with them, has simply declared that the people of a territory, like these of a State, shall decide for themselves w;hether slavery shalt or shall not exist within their limaits. "The Nebraska Kansas Act does no more than give the force of law to this elementary principle of self-government, declaring it to be 'the true intent and meaning of this act not to legislate slavery into any territory or hitate, nor to exclude it therefromi; but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their own way, subject only to the constitution of the United States. This principle will surely not be controverted by any individual of any party professing devotion to popular government. Besides, how vain and illusory would any other principle prove in practice in regard to the territories ! This is apparent froin the fact, admitted by all, that after a territory shall have entered the Union, and become a State, no constitutional power would then exist which could prevent It from either abolishing or establishing slavery, as the case may be, according to its sovereign will and pleasure. t Most bappy would it be for the country if this long. agitation were at an end. During its whole progress it has produced no practical good to any luman being, while it as been the source of great and dangerous evils. It has alienated and estranged one portion of the Union from the other, and has even seriously threatened its very existence. To my own personal knowledge, it has produced the inmpression amnong foreign nations tLat our great and glorious coniederacy is in constant danger of dissolution. This does us serions injury, because acknowledged powver and stability always coanmand respect among nations; and are among the best securities against unjust aggression, and in favour of the maintenance of honourable peace. "May we not hope that it is the mission of the democrat-c party, now the only surviving Conservative party of the country, ere long to overthrow all sectional parties, and restore the peace, friendship, and mutual confidence which prevailed in the good old time among the different memnbers of the confederacy ? Its character is strictly national, and it therefore asserts no principle for the guidance of the federal government which is not adopted aand sustained by its members in each and every State. Fer this reason it is everywhere the samne determined fee of all geographical parties, somuch and so justly dreaded by the Father of his Country. From its very nature it must continue to exist so longf as there is a constitution anud a Union to preserve. A conviction of thesetruthshasinducednmanyoE the purest, the ablest, and most indepondent of our former opponents, -who bave differed from us in times gone by upon old and extinct party issues, to come into our ranks and devote themselves with us to the cause of the constitution and the Union. Under these circumstances I most cheerfully pledge myself, shsould the nomination of the Convention be ratified by the people, that all the power and influence constitutionally possessed by the Executive shall be exerted in a firm 1ut conciliatory spirit, during the single term I shall remain in ohfice, to restore the same harmony amnong the sister States which prevailed before this apple of discord, in the form of slavery agitation, had been cast into their midst. I,et the members of the family abstain from intermeddlina with the exciusive domestic concerns of each other, and cordially unite, on the basis of perfect equality among themselves, in promoting the great national objects of comnnon interest to all, and the good work will be instantly accomplished." In regard to their foreign policy he excuses himself frotm entering into particulars, but think-s it ought to be based upon the principle of doin3g jus tice to all nationvsand requliring justice from them in return. He adds. Should I be placed in the Executive chair, I shaU use my best exertions to cultivate peace and friendship with al ntions, beLieving this to be our highest policy as well as oar most imperative duty; but at the same time I shall never forget that in case the necessity should arise, which I do not nowv a prebend, our national rights and national }.onour must bo pres3erved at all hazards and at any sacri- The Hon. James J. Strang, commonly called cc Kin o Strang," the leader and prophet of -the Alormo3ns located on Deaver Islands, had been shot by two of his followers, and received injuries f-om -which he was not likely to recover. Strang -was the ruling spirit upon the Mormons, a large number of whom are Welsh, who are located on and have control of the six islands in the northerm part and near the outlet of Lake Michigan, called Beaver Islands, a.nd since 1853 he has represented Newago county, which is composed of those islands, in the lower branch of the Michigan LeOgislature. Hf.e has been the mneans, in times past, of causing considerable disturbance in the regions adjacent to where he resides, and robbery, murder, andpiracy are crimes which bave been freely attributed to him and his iolluOwrs. . An eitract from a private letter from Granada, Nicaragua, ptblisbed in the New York He'akd,under date of Jtine 1, says that a communication had just been received from the Government of Costa Rica in which they acknowledge the Government of President Pivas and General Walker, considering the war at an. end, and offering to become responsible for all the expenses of the war. By the arrival at New Orleans of Mr. Mraling, the United States' Minister to Guatemala, information has been received that the Guatemala army of 2,O00) men had been ordered to invade Nicaragta. Late inteIigence from Kansas atates that a letter fromWestport, dated June ]7, to the Republican says:-. *' Co.onel Sumnei hhas pat the Calirornia and Santa Fe. routes and all the principal roads leading through Kansa under blockade. Mfe has driven Baford, Jones, Shelby, ard all leading emigrants desirous of becoming peaceable settlrs out of the terrory." Another letter from Kansas City, of the 16th ult., says- ' Colonel Sumner intends to arrest- every person under indictment in Ransas, and has declared that neither Lane nor anybody else shasl cone with an armed force into, the territory through Iowa, Nebraska, or other routes, except over hii body. On the night of the 13th an attempt was * made to murder the new sheriff of Douglas county, who lives at Franklin. Three men came to his housc and fired into the vvindow at his bed, and thenx broke open the door, svhen the sherifshot one dead and thle rest lted.d The same letter states that Colonel Sunner had received despatclies from Fort Kearney, giving him information that a band of Chenezen Indians had joined a party of Sioux, and had ag,ain proclaimed war. One white had been killed. Colonel Sumner immediately despatched a company to Fort Kearney front the camp near Westport. By the arval of the steamship Texas at New Orleans news had been received from the city of Mexico to the 5thandfro-mVeraCraztothe 8th ult There existedagreatexcitement, causedbydifferences between the Congress and Cabinet, and by the arrival of the Spanish squadron at Vera Cruz. A proposition has been introduced into Congress de-- claring the decree which reorganizes the Privy Council illegal. It was in the end agreed that the new councillors should resign, and that Congress should refuse to accept the resignation of Alvarez. The Cabinet had positively refused to receive the ne-v Spanish Minister so long as his demands were backed by the presence of a fleet of vessels of war, and it was thought that Spain would not gain anythig by the mission. An alliance with the United States was advocated by many. Generals Santa Anna and Woll had been published as deserters by the military commission. The Jesuits were about to be deprived of their property, and the decree of Santa Anna for their restoration revoked. Don Buenaventura Vivo had returned to Mexico. The steamship Quaker City had arrived with dates from Havannah to the 17th ult. There is no news of importance, from, Cuba. Eierything in the island was quiet. No intelligence had been received from the officials sent to Costa Rica. The United States' steam frigate Susquehanna, Captain Sands, reported " all right " at San Juan. The stock of sugarS on hand w as 265,000 boxes; shipped last week, 40,000. The market was at a stand, but firm at last prices. Molasses scarce, and advanced in price. Ffreights dull-more so than at lest advices. The British ship Rope had arrived wvith 450 coolies. From our commercial advices we learn that the New York money-market remained quiet, with an abundant supply. In exchange prices for the steamer closed firm at 91 to 10 per cent. on London; 5f. 16%c. to 5f. 15c. Ct) days, and 5f. 11Je. short sight Paris; 5f. lCic. to 5f. 15c. Antwcrp; and r6 o 36~ Hamburg. In cotton the business had continued lght, but previous prices were maintained. Htolders, in the face of decreasing receipts, were not disposed to yield. The market closed soniewhat unsettled. The flour-market, after an advance of 10c. to 20c., had closed rather tamely. Canada flour had improved, but the demand -was not active, the market closed firm at $5 60c. to $S for conunon Euperfine to choice extra. For southern flour an advance of 10c. to 15c. had been obtained. Rye flour was in moderate request. Corn meal firm and in good demand. An active inquiry had prevailed for wheat, slightly checked by the samples offering. Forpork the demand was good at an advance of $1 on mess and .50c. on other descriptions. For beef the inquiry was good, and the tone of the market stronger. Cut meats had become very scarce, and a substantial rise in prices had taken place. Bacon xvas scarce andmuch wamted. Lard less plentiful, and jc. higher. The stockof turpentinelhad augmented, but was held firmly. Spirits of turpentine were steady at 37c. In iron there was scarcely anything doing. The market for freights, with increased offerings to Great Britain, was firmer, grain to Liverpool being 7d. in bulk and 71d. in ships' bags; flour, 2s. 41d. to 2s. Cd. ; cotton, 3 1-16d., and resin 2s. The Chicago Times states that ever since the ReciprocityT Treaty went into operation pearl barley has been vdmitted at aUl the ports duty free, but that Secretary Gath rie of the Treasury has nlow decided that it is not entitled to the remission.
THE CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. [The following appeared in our second edition of Sattrday :-] We have received files of papers from the Cape to the 1st of May. On Tuesday, April 29, the followving resolutions were approved by theCapeAssembly in a committee of the wvhole houlse: 1. That immigration from Europe to this colony at the present time, under the auspices of Government, is both expedient and necessary. " 2. That the chief objects to be secured under the immil gration scheme should be twofold, viz., to provide a supply of labour, and add to the general population of the colony. "3 . That the classes of immigrants to be introduced should embrace-first, agricultiural labourers of all descriptions, shepherds, and mechanics, and secondly, such other immigrants as will promote the filling up of the country, both in the western and eastern divisions. "4. That provision shonld be made in the first instance, under proper limitations, to enable persons desirous so to do to send for any particular persons whom they may wish to introduce; but that such persons shall enter into an en. gagemeut with Government that the persons so introduced by them shall, from the day of arrival, be at their cost aud responsibility. " 6. That a vessel should be simultaneously despatcbed to Table and Algoa Bays, and that arrangements should be made for application for these immigrants being received previously to their arrival, and for their distribution through the different divisions of the colony as soon after their arrival as possi'ble. " 6. That special Government agents should be appointed at Cape Town and Port Elizabeth for the purpose of carrying out the distribution of the immigrants at these points, and that these agents should put themselves in communication with the Divisional Councils or Local Immigration Committeas, with a view to arraniging to supply the labour which may be required in their divisions. " 7. That the agency to be employed in recruiting immigrants for this colony should consist of persons deputed from the colony, who are acquainted with its wants, or of persons resident in the mother country, but likewise acquainted with the character and capabilities of the colony. " S. That no portion of the expenditure for immigration should be applied to the defraying of expenses on board any ship or ships, beyond the expenses of each immigrant, excepting such charges as may necessarily be incurred in pro! Viding a superintending surgeon. " 9. That in providing rneans for this scheme of immigration the credit of the country should be employed, through the issue of debentures, bearing a certain rate of interest, and these delienctures should be redeemed, after a certain time to be fixed in the act which shall provide for their issue. "I10. That tenders should be invited in London for these debentures, to tho extent, in the whole, of 200,0001.; that they should bear interest at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, but that the Government should be restricted to the 'isue of debentures to the amount of 60,0001., and no more, during the current year; and the Government should Inob issue any further debentures until authorized so to do by a vote of both Houses of Parliament. "1 1. That 'he Government should be requested to introduce a bill on the basis of these resolutions. and containing such other provisions as may be necessary for carrying out this schemo of immigration." The Cape Town Mlail says "The discussion occupied some time, and there was considerable difference of opinion, but chiefly, as it appeared to [us, as to the method of procuring or inducing Europeau labourers and others to prefer South Africa to other fields of emigration. No one donbts that an increase of population from Europe would be beneficial to the Cape, and,within certain limits as to time, beneficial in proportion to the number of such immigrants. The coumnittee divided onthe resolutions as they stand above, and the Ayes were 22; lNoes 14; majority 8. The question will again be discussed in the House either when the report is brought up or whon the bill is introduced and propostdto be read a second time. It will also, no doubt, be amply discussed in the Council, so that the nublib need not fear that so important a measure will be either rashly adopted or rejected. We shall return to this subject very soon." Fms ON P %ItV.TR BiLLs.-It is shown by a return just published by order of the House of Commons that the total amount of fees received on private bils in the seesion of 1855 was 42,8651.; in 1854, 6l,25V.; in 1853, 75,5681.; in 1852, 42,A521.; in 1851, 37,7401.; in 18750,30,8231.; in 1849, 24,2921.; and in 1848, 45,S171. The imount expended for such salaries and expenses at the House of Commons as were fonmerly defrayed out of the fec fund wasin l835-586 49,3081,, against 2,'42. iuthe preceding year.
I A WAB OF' SURAT TREATY BILL. - - The following peition of theEast- India-Company, praying to be hea;-d by counsel at the bar of the' H{ou3e of Lords againmt the second reading aiid fur-tber Vzogress of this bill, has been sent to us for publication:- "The humble petition of the lasbb India Company iihoweth,- ",That a bill has pissed the Ron. House of Commons, -and bas been brou.'ht vp to your Lordaships, entitled, 'Aui A-t to declare the'igbts of thaE Heirs of the late Nawab' of Surat, under a Treity made by his Father With the East India Company, and to provide for the decision, by a court of justice, of all olaims under such treaty, or respezt. hic the estate of the late Na;wab.' "This bill has two distinct objects; the first part of it calls upon the Legislature to puta construction on the treaty referred to in the title, and the second proposes to give powers to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Coancil to rehear and to deterniunin anew any questions relating to the private estate of the IN awab, and to that extent to rescind and alter an act duly pased -by the Legislative Council in India iu 1848, and ever since acted on. - The first part of thi3 bill is, as your petitioners humbly submit, based on a misconception of the facts of tho case, and on an erroneous interpretation of the treaty in question; but, whatever be ihe true construction of the treaty, it is objectionable in principle and of pernicious exaruple4 n troducing, as it does, for the first time, as far as your petitioners are informed, the practice of deciding on the disputed ir.terpretation of a public and political treaty by a private bill. "The treaty in question was made in the year lSOO, by the Marquis Wellesley, then Governor-General of India, with Nussur-ood-deen, the brotherand nearest male relative of the then late Nawab of Surat, who had died in the preceding year. The firt of this line of Nawabs had been placed on the musnud in Surat, with tho title of Nawab, by the East India Company, in- the year 1759, and they were afterwards wholly maintained there by the power of the East India Company. The East India Company thenceforward, t-ill the yearlSO, alw;ays refused to treat or acknowledge their dignity or offce ast heredita. TheNawyabtere allowedto enjoythe public revenus of burstforthesupportf of themselves and their dignity, bit subject to the ayments of a fixed amohe nt,i whc was from, the outset pd y the Nawabs from the revenues of Snrat to the East Edia Cosn-| pany. The governmuent ly the territory of Suant by these N'awabs, however, provedI to be of the ordinary character of petty Indian dignities. '[he administration of justice w;as corrupS the natives were appressed by taxation or otherwise, auth ority was not maintaimed, andthe po; er of the. East;lIdia Compnpsy wras frequently called in to keep down the ceasequentinsriubordination. On tha death of the Nawab in 1799 Lord Wellesley determired that the entire government and authority of the territory should thenceforward be assumted and maintainel by the East India Company, and its revenues received by them, and that the title or dignity of Nawab only, without any real authority, should remain; but that this title or dignity, with a pension or annuity for the maintenance thereof, to be paid by the Company, should be tltenceforward hereditary-that is, bereditary in the male line, in common with all alsomedaa dignities. The penlsion or annuity wras manifestly intended to accompany tho title or dignity, and to have the same, andonlythe same, hereditary character. On this basis the treaty in question was concluded, and has always been acted on by the India,u authorities. " The last male heir of lussur-ood-decn, the Nsawab with whorm the treaty was made, died in the year 1842, and the title or dignity, it is admsitted, became extinct for want of male descendants from him. The last Nawab left hinm surviving one daughter, namely Baktyir-ool-Niesa, who had niarried Meer Jaffor All, the promoter of this bill; and two widows, one being the mother of the said Buukty.lr-oolNissa, and also some collateral relatives, two of whomnamely, Meer Moyenwroden and ieer idumroodeen, were the great grandsons of a rother of the first Nawab, who was -established by the East India Company in the year 1759. The legitimacy of Boktylir-ool Nissa was dispucted by these collateral relatives of her father. With respect to the pension or annuity, che authorities duly appointed 1 to entertain the question, after applying their delberatl and impartial judgment thereto, decided that. the pension or annuity had ceased, bu, annual allowances have been made to the family and dependants of the last Nawab to an amount equal to the pension or annuity, after deducting theiefrom the cxpenditure necessarily incident in India to the title or dignity merely, which had thus become extinct. This decision'your -petitioners are stiUl prepared to maintain, as the only true and just construction of the treaty., And having been acted upOiI, and allowances made to and enjoyed by othler persons o:a the faith of it, it ought not now to be questioned and reversed by a private bill, and that without notice to theoparties. 'It is this decision which is sought to be reversed by the private bill nov. before your Lordships, and it is proposed that Parliament shall nowf dscide and enact by this private bill, and without any appeal or lpower Of submittirs the question to a judicial tribun a], that so long as there shaU be any heirs whatsoever of the Nawab Kussar-ocd-deen there shall be a charge in perpetuity in respect of the entire pension or annuity upon the zevenues of Surat; and which aught then be sold or disoosed of by them, or, ia othor words, that tho pension or annuity vas by the said treaty granted as an annuity in fee to Nussur-ood-deen as private property, and totally irrespective of the said title or digdity, and the bill sseeks to &-ompel your petitioners to pay the whole pension or annuity, wvithout any allowance or deduction in respect of the expenses formerly incur,reod in kseeping ulp the dignity which has nowv ceased. -The decision of the conustituted authorities that this pension or annuityhad ceascd was an act of Government witlin the scope of the autt.ority of- Go ernment. It was their duty to defend the reveanues of India, -which they administer in trust for tbe Crown, against what they deemed anunjustdemand; and this daty they have impartially discharqed. Your petitioner.; do not desireothat any act of tho Indian Government shotld be exempt from hat scrutiny to which every act of Governmeontis subject in this country; hut they claim tht their acts, if deemed erroneous, should he complained of and examined, or impeached and set right, in the same marner anld upon the same public principles as all other pub ic acts of Government. To allow suds acts of Government to he interfered with throug7h the medium of a private bill imipairs and weakens constitutional principles of the highest irnport3nce; it transfers the functions of Government to the tribunal of a counmittee on aprivate bill, instead of reser ving for the Legislature c n ao'lemsn occas.:ons the right of :reviewing and censuring, and, when necessary, of relieving against the erroneous act of Government. "TIis measure is also objectionable as interfering by a private bill with the nublic revenues of India, and also as seeking to make comniittces of the -lHouses of Parliamentassunme judicial functions, as well as the functions of the Governinent of India, and nsaling those coummittees decide judicialy and finally, VwithloUt appeal, upon the legal construction and efect of the treaty. And your petitioners hunably submit that thee interpretation alnd effect of the treaty should be deteruined by the G evernment of India, and that the disputed conistruction and effect of the treaty is not a matterto oedetennined judiciallybya co:nmitteeof eiLher House of Parliament. "It has frequently been the duty of the Government of India, in deciding on the interpretation of treaties, to determine questions involving Large payments from the public revenue in a manner adverse to the interests and demands of opulent individuals. Should this biUl unfortunately pass your Lordsahips' House all such questions will be unsettled, and every case, however long s:nce detennined, in which the claims of an inidividual on the public revenue have been wholly or partiaUy negatived, ,ilt be liable to be made the subject of an application for a private act of Parliament to reverse the decision. It is for your Lordships wisdom to consider whether such questions are likely to be adjudicated with safficient knowledge of the subject by cousnittees on private hills, and under all tle :inluencestowhichthecourse of prirate legislation is sometimes amenable, And yoar petitioners submit that it i; not unworthy of your Lordships likoewise to consider under what increase of di£iiculty the administration of India must be carried on when al natives of rank or wealth are induced to look beyond the lomal and constituted authorities, and rely on obtaining a mcre favourable decision from Parliament by availing themselvres of their own personal iufluence, and that of their friends, in representing to members of Parliament, and enforcing tipon them, by pamphlets and otherwise, their ovn view of the case. The biU would have a pernicious effect, as tend ing to weaken the authority and influence of the Government of India, and to encourage appeals to Parliament by influential and wealthy individuals in India. "The committee of the Houe of Commonsto vhom this biUl was referred reported to the House that it had only considered the question as one between twVo private individuals, and expressed no opinion on it as a State question, or upon the public asid political questions which, it involves. ti oyu odhp "Inmaking tlisrepresentati-m to your lordshipsyour petitioners would deeply regret if they should be understood as de:iring to escape from tLe fulfilmnent of obligations incuzred to individuals, on the ground that such fulJilnent would be contrary to publc expediency. Your petitionerc l desire that any pecuniary engagements to which they aro bound by treaty should e fililled as efaatly as pecuniary contracts between man and mian; but your petitioners insist that in construing a treaty the determination of what those pecuniary engagementts reallv are materially depends on the consideration of the public and political relations existing betveen the contracting parties at the time of theotreaty. To exclude such considerations would lead to an erroneous construction of the engagements involved in that treaty. S far from your petitioiiers having, as stated in the pra,s or! til ..su ...I,rreeopatnyfth preambleOfrtOe -said bill, rfusedt to0 -pay to anyof the allegedbheirs of the INawab the annuity of 15D,OtDOr., or any portion thereof, the fact is that nearly ll0,000r. of the amount have been and are paid is life pensions among thoso alleged heirs and otlher persons who had been maintained from the aunuity, and to whom, if not so provided for by your petitioners, those heirs wotld, by the custom of their couatrv, bave been bound to afford continued support. And of this amount 67,200r. are psid to the promoter of the present bill, his two daughters, and his meoter-in-law, notwitbhtanding the objection raised by the other heirs of the Nawab to the legitireacy of the late wife of the promoter, -an objection which, from consideration to the late Wavalab alone, your petitioners decline to entertain. " By this liberal provision thc whole annuity, except so much of it as was expended in snpporting the titular dignity, now esxtinct, has been continued for the supprt of the Nawab's family and dependants, in order that noivMng erson might suffer in circumstances, or lose any portion of his previous means of support, by th3 discontinuance of the annuity; and this cannot fail te satisfy your Lordebips that while your petitioners have felt iti their duty to defend the Ildian revenues, which they administer in trust forthe Crovvn, against the claim preferred of a right to the stipera' under the provisions of the trea3y, they have never sought to avoid the equitable claims w1ich the Na'wab's relatives and connexions have upon the bounty of Government. The effect of the bill will be to deprive various members of the faLmily of the late Nlavab of the nllowances that they have enjoyed since his death. Your petitioners furlher submit that if the treaty is now to recwive any new or -further consideration, the whole -effect-and construction thereof should be referred to a ;udacial tribunal, and that its con6trietion ahould not in auniway be determined by the Le' ture. "As to tha second obe of the bill, your petitioners humbly submit that this is equally an unfit subject for legislation by a private act of Parliament, but that, even if it mere otherwise, the rules and precutions ordinarily observed in the casw of private legision to prevent injustice to individnus, ought to ha've blen applied to this bill, and in particulir all-persons who were interested in the case ought to haiereceived duo notioe,and to have been allowed an oport;ity of being heard before the committee. So far, hoiev6r, fronithis being the':case, the bill has been introdtced without notice to, and has pased the Ron. the House of Commons without -a hearing of several persons now' 'ii'Indif, wh6ohave a deep pecuniary interest in the case; ifnd'one of. the provisions of the bill empowers the Judicial Committee of Her Majess Privvj Council to rehearand.reverse certain deoisions which, as the law now *tands, are final, by wlhiil property of considerablevalue hss beei adjudged to those persoxs. 'In the absence of those' parties your petitioners are bound to represent to your Lordships that the portion of the bill which relates to the. private. property of the Nawab Laa, so faras those individuals are concerned, the in'ustice - of an expostfqcto law; since it requires them to go before a new court of -appe, at the distance of half the globe, to establish'what avealreadybecomevested lhts by the decision of the ultimate tribunal, whicb, acecoding to the law existing at the time, had authority in the case. W"The act of the Indian Legislature, No. 18 of 14S, provided a fnbunal, and de61ared its decision to be final. All parties who were claimaits upon the private property of the last Nawab proceeded under that act, and icted upon thoefaith of it; andabsent parties who have acquired rights under that act are now sought to be affected and deprived of their rights by the said bill, and without any proper or 'suicient notice to them. -'This portion-ef the bill is, in effect, to repeal an ace oE tLe indian Legislatare eight years after it has been passed and tacitly recognized by the British Parliament, and after it has been acted upon by all parties; and it would be most mischievous to giveapaty who is dissatisfiedwith'thedecision the right of appeal aftee the decision has been pronounced, - when, if the decision had been,in his favour, it would have bound tho other Parties, and the promoter of this private bil would then have insisted upon its being final. The promoter of this billhad fuUl niviedge of the act of 1848, aiAd if he had desired to secure a right of appeal should have applied for it before the decision was pronounced. "Your petitioners therefore humbly pray,-That the said bill may not be proceeded with as a private bilL *' That it' may not be aUowed to proceed withont proper notice to the parties whose interests wild be affected by it. "That they maybe heard at the bar of your Alight on. Housebv their councel, ag,ents, and wvitnesses againstbte said bill, and the second reading and further progres thereof, and against the preamble and clauses of the said bill. "And your petitioners, as in duty bound, wil ever pray, &c." __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
IRELAND. (FROM OUR OWN Coram-spo'N-DENT.) DUBLIN, SATURDAY tlORrNeG. THE SADLEE FAaAY. A Tipperary paper (the Vindicator) states, as a general rumour, that Mr. James Sadleir, who stands charged by the 3aster of the Rolls as being a principal in the gigantic frautds and swindles of his brother John, has3 ?ea to Sweden or NXorwvay, wvhere, in the absence of an international lawv, the fugitive is sasfe fronm arrest. The Vindicator " A deputation callng on Mr. James Sadleir to rcsign his se.at in Parliment could scarcely find his whereabouts nider these circumstances; and he has not, it would appear, intimated a desire to-give up his place in the House of Coommons, notwithstanding the disgraceful situation he - occupies in the regards of the whole world. Until recent revelations developed plunder unprecedented in the annals of villany it was believed that Mrn James Sadleir possessed no guilty acquaintanceship with the robberies of his late brother. The' fact now appears to bh otherwie c; and thdugh; it was asserted and believed, before the production and publication of the astounding letter. of John, that James was anxious for the fullest inquiry into his o wn conduct in relation to the Tipperary Bank, &c., and though it is asserted he made exculpatory revelations to Master Mirphy, he now, hosvoever, speeds his -way from judicial investigation, and taking precautions to keep his peison out of the reach of the officers of justice, is conveyed northwards, it is supposed,in a v-essel employed for that per-. pose. Meantime the county does not move ! Discontent; nitterness, and anger are wiidespread. Those who confided are basely betrayed. Those wiho believed it impossible that guilt could have attached to James Sadleir now discover he hears a great part in the felonious transactions of his late brother. Those who initiated the movement for tie county. meeting are apprehensive that there maybe some hesitatio n or wint of unanimity in naming a candidate. They have fhought it better, therefore, to leave matters to their course for the present.'> Speakiig of the recent revelations concerning the Kingstor property, the Nation. observes that the case. of the Earl of Dredlington, in the hands of Oily Gammon-that most perfect prototype of John Sadleir-is a poor tliing in comparison with the real uanf6rtunate Earl, whvo has been for the lnst ten years the victim of vampires.:- " The Eingstons (continues the lation) are a family more or less fond of follies for the last three or four generatiens, One of them published a book upon Mexico so superbly printed, so magnificently illustrated, so gorgeously got -ul), tbat a copy conlnot be sold for less thanla6guineas. Another buailt a fine, square of almshottses for decayTed gentry, which is the first charge upon the remRininmg estate. In the utter decay: of the plundered family, this very place seems likely to be the fate of some of ~its iennbers. The last Lord but one built, at a most extravagant expense, one of the grandest castles in all Irelandn It sits in its stately splendour on a fair, oak-studded hill frontiDg the Galtee mountains. The quaint Moorish towver and long buttress wall, the rich library, the lofty baronial hall, the chamber tbat was laid for a king, the garden that has grown into a wilderness of exotics, have lain there for years and years, as much hlr. John Sadleir's tenement as his chamnber in the Albany or his ofndce in Great Denmark-street. lRe had given the key of the place, the ran of the deinesne, and the sweating of the fenants to a yoing gentleman, some distant cousin of his-a very pretty ies for oIIe of that omnivorous clan. And now' this strange Mithbelstown mystery wiill be unfolded-how the old Lord was induced to sign the documents, binding himself as helplesslyin John Sadleir's power as if he were his born bond slavc; and what becaiue of the princely revenues of that splendid estate, the rents, and the fines on the liberal leases tbat helped, it was said, to get John Sadleir a good tenantright ciaracter in the county of Cork; and the loans that were never paid bytheTipperary Bank, and the loan that was paid by the Insurance Cosmpany to the Tipperary Bank, and that sank there as water sinks in a sieve-all this, in various romantic detail, will doubtleUs appear." ORDEB OF ST. rATRICK. There are now three ribands vacant by the deaths of the Earl of Listowell, Lord Carew, and the Earl of Cork-all, by the way, general supporters of the present Government, and in aU seasons consistent advocates of Liberalism. RE-LEASE OF .IR. JOHN CARDEX. On Thutrsday, as already announced, the gates of' Clomnel gaol were thrown open for the egress of Mir. Joint Carden, of abduction notoriety, who proceeded on horseback, as privately as possible, to the limerick junction, en r oute to Cork, ;wlhere he is to remain for a few days to brush up, then to return tO Bhrnaue, and afterwards to go to the continent on aw isit to a relative. 3Ir. Carden, it is Ksaid, appeared pale and careworn after his protractedncarceration. WVhile, in Clonmel prison he was engaged prineipally in artisan pursuits-carpentry generally, and he made a considerable variety of small articles which iaanifested much ingenuity. -TEIE FUEEDS. Tree- per Cent.'Consols (shut), 9 69 96 9; ditto, for account, July 8, 9%-; ditto, for new account, 96 .i; New Three per Cent.-Stock, 961; ditto, for accounf, July 8, 901; ditto, for new account,- 9S6 5; Bank Stock (sbut), 225 ; City of Dublin Steampacket Company of 1836 (50. paid), 31; General Mining Company of Ireland (3?. paid), l17; Mining Companygof Irelanid (71. paid), for account, 14&; .Wicklow Copper Mine (51. paid), 28 - Eailwxys.- Chsterend 'HoWhead. (501.' paid),lZ- Du ianandlRngstow,n 101.. id), 10; Dabl in and Wicldow (10. paId, 71 * ditto, for account, 7; Great Southern and Western S0E. ;paidJ, 5-5p ditto, 'for account, t5Q; ditto 4 per cerAt.-preference (131. paid), 12i; dittW, paid in full (20?; paid),j parf; ditto, for acconnt,' par; Irish South-Eastern, for; aecount (12l.. p5aidJ, 6,, 7, KRilrne3''Jnnction (lO1. piaidl); 105i; Midland Great WYestern and Royal Canal (501. uaid),.531; ditto, half-sbares, 26.1; WF3terford and Xii Xenny (201. piaid), for a~ccount, * ditto, new 6 er certi {501. paid), for account, 24~~~~~~~~.
- ANIJ^XRFABY OF THE DXCLLZRATIO OF I : :'' 'I'DEP_DENC. 1! On FridaTlastaswuptwousdinnerwasgijinebyl r.Pe. body, at the Star and Garter, Bichmond, to upwardof 100 Ianerian and a few EnXlD' gaIUf , ia commemoration of the 80th annivernry 'of the dwcarion of the ivtde. pendence of the United Stte. The grnd dinin ail wars fitted up for the ~occasion with busts of the Qneen and of Waahiigton, the Aneri6an eagle, the standards of England and of the United States, and otherappropniate decorations *Mr. Pes,body took'the chair hortlya'ter 7 o'clock, supporLe d on theright by the American Minister Mfr. Dallas, andon the leftby 3r. W. Brown, XL?. 3L-. Stel.,of-mache4tar; M1r. 3Morgan, of London; Mr. Somerby, of Bodon, United States; Mr. P. N. Dallas, &ecretary of Legation; and Mr. Croeeey, United States! Consul at Southampton, acted as vice-presidents. Mr. John Macgregor, hLP., Mfr. S. C. Hll1, and Mr. J. -E. Jones, the sculptor, were among the English guesta. Aftertheremoval of the cloth, Mfr. PrAnODY rose and said,-Your ExceUency and Gen. tlemen,-Iam now about to pass, in the comrmon aeceptation of the phrase, - the loving cup." But I have before me tsro cups, the one of Britishlabric, the other of my native oak, -presented to mne several years since by my esteemed friend Mr., Francis Peabody, who is ibow present. Before passing these cups allow ine to say a word or two withrespecb to the day in connexion, with myself. The first dinner I gave in; commemoration of the 4th of July, 1776, was in this hall in 150, and I was then, as now, honoured by the pr,eence of the American7Minister; of a large party of my own countrymen, and of several Eaglish friends, some of whom it is my happiness to see alound me to-day. That experiment proved successful, and in 1851, in consequence of the large number of my countrymen who came over to visit the Great Exhibition, I determined on substituting for the dinner a concert and ball. A few of my countrymen endeavoured to dissuade me from the attempt to bring Englishnien and Americans together on such an occasion; but the acceptance of the Doke of lellington put an end to my doubts, and a thousand happy faces, at Almack's, on ths 4th of July, 1851, sealed my success (chlers), and, I tust, broke down the asswmed barrier to the union of Englishmen and Americans in celebrating this glorous anniversary. never agpin to be erected. (Cheers.) This is the seventh year that I have had the honour of presiding on these occasions over an assembly of English gentlemen reslding al home and abroad, and my owvn countrymen from almost every State in the Union, and T am happy to say I have never heard, and I trust and conDfdently believe I never shall bear, a word uttered by any speaker calculated to disturb in the slightest degree the harmonious feelings of my guests. (Cheers.) For 20 years, gentlemen, I have not been out of this kingdom, but duruig that time I have closely watched the progress of my coantry and -my countrymen; and, following the fashion at home, I have erected in a very humble way my " platform" here-a platform of peace and goodwill towards all men, which I feel assured will be supported by. my guests to-day. (Loud cheers.) I Imow no party--no North, no South-but that -which indudes our whole country. (Cheers.) But to return, gentlemen, to the cups ; these cups of love and peace, the one of British fashion, the other of our American oak, filled from the same fountain of good cheer, I send one to the East and the other to the West, and when they meet in the circelin bound may theypass 'with the touch of friendship. (Cheers.) Tha two cups 'were then passed round, lMr. Peabody drinking to the guests from each State of the Uinion eeparately, and afterwards to these from "Old1 England and her Colonies." Mr. PEiuxODY, in proposing the first toast, " The day we celebrate," called not only upon his own countrymen, but upon aU who were friendly to the sacred cause of liberty and civilization, to do honour to the memories of those great men who had pledged their fortunes, their honour, and'their lives to support tnat cause. The toast was received with loud acclamations. M1r. PEABODY claimed a bumper for-the next toast, which, he was sure, needed no speech from him to recommend it. The toast he had just proposed was the only one to which he would have given precedence over the present. He had neveryet known an American vwho would not drink the toast of "Her Majesty the Queen" with as much enthusiasm as the most loyal of her subjects. *The toast vis drunk wnith enthusiastic cheering. MEr. PE.ABODnY said, he should next have the pleasure of proposinga toast in honour of the chief magistrate of the lend of his birth, which he was sure would be received both with the respect due to that gentleman's high position and vwith the feclings of enthusiasm that all Americans must feel for the country over which he had been called to preside. (Cheers.) He gave " The President of the United States," which was received with great applause. Captain M!cscKnNoN, rLN., in proposing the next toast, tuanked their host, the merchant prince, who had entertained them in so princely a manner (cheers), for the efforts le had made to cultivate relations of friendship between John Bull and Brother Jornathan. (Cheers.) Every rightfeeling Englihi3hlumiist he proud and happy to assist at the celebration of the great national festivai of the United States. They all, too, reverenced the memory of the illustriousnWashington, whohiadbeen selected by the great Dispos:r of events as an instrament for carrying out a great purpose. (Cheers.) One proofof that great man's wonderful prevision wvas his assertion that, within 50 years, more -than 500 persons p7 dicn. wrould leave the Old World to sock prosperity in the lew. (Hear, hear. ) He had stood on the wharf at liewv Yorl, and seen 10,000 people from the Old World laud there in one day. (Cheers. I Four years ago ke had traveLled on horseback irons 3Iiehigan to the jMis. sissippi without meeting with aliying sonl.Threeyears afterwards he had traversed the same country along good roads, and had seen golden harvests waving in the fields. (Hear hear.) In the course of that three years a country as large as England had been occupied and cultivated. Capti Mackimnon concluded- by proposin "The Memory of Washineton," 'which 'was drunk standing and in silence. Mr. W. BROw \, IL P., said,-Before proposing the toast whiclh has been placed in my hands, permit me to congratulate you on meeting you to celebrateaday which will ever be remembered in the history of the world-a dayfrom which we, the subjects of Her Majesty, have derived a much advantage as you, the citizens of the United States. (Cheers.) 'We are not ansNverable for the sins of statesmanship, for the grievous errors of our forefathers; and j our ilustrions Washington-wise in the Senate, skilful in ihe field-wvho must for ever live in your hearts, is aLso Iremembered with profound respect hy JEngland as weLl as by the 'whole of the civilized world. (Cheers.) How rejoiced would he be, were he living at this moment, to see the prosperity of the coumtry which lie may be said to havo brought into existence, to see the enterprising spirit of his countrymen leading them,now to make a communicAtion between two great oaeans-the Pacific and the Atlantic -nowv to bridge over lofty rocks, end now to explore the perilous Arctic seas. (Cheers.) I deny that England feels any joalousy towards the United States; we rejoice in yonr prosperity, we have 'wisdom enough to know that by the prosperity of other nations, particularly as regards the United States, we are as much benefitted as they are. (Cheers.) The notion that the fortanes of one countryarise froni the misfortumes of another is, I trus', bythis time exploded.True,somc slight differences exist now between us,but when we fied gentlemen like his Excellency, for whom evo all feel the deepest respect, and the Mlinister with whom he has to negotiate anxious to get rid of those differences, there can be little doubt that they will soon be ainicably adjusted. (Cheers.) I beg to propose "The health of his Excellency the American Minister," whose character stands so pre-eminently high both in his own and in this country. lh toast was drunk wvith loud cheers. Mr. DIALLAS.-It is extramely difficult, amid expressions of so much personal kindness, not to lose sight for a moment of the great national demonstration on account of which we are assembled, and I return you my most hearty thank-s for the personal compliment yoa havepaid to me. I rejoice toflud in this land so many ardent and patriotic Americans met to celebrate the anniversary of our independence. (Loud cheers.) We are, as a country, but SD years of age; we are at this mnomenthonoured-bythe presence of one of the leading men of America, who is only one year younger thain his own country (GeneralMercer) (cheers); but, notwithastanding the youth of our country, how justly proud may we be of her ! (Cheers.) At the time of herbirth she was a puny creature, sickly, feeble, diminutive. Look at her now. (Cheers.) She then contained but 2,500,000 people. Her population is n.ow 27,000,000! Her territory was then xmaorgin ofthe Atlantic. It is now an immense continent! Her'w walthw as then compartive poverty. Her resources are- now actually exhaustless! (Cheers.) Her moral greatness,-too, bears afair proportion to her physical development. There is in her physicl configuration everythiig-to delight the ayeand exalt theimagination; she has the'nooblest mountains, the most extended lakes, the widest rivrs, tie richest prairies, And in harmony with this iS the progress of her genins and of her inoral principles, and the great elevation of her political maximins. (Cheers.) ,When Americans look hack at the short period during -which their country h as existed upon the theatre of the -world, they have, therefore, some reason to hie proud (cheers); nay, I go further, this great couatry, whencesprang the chief stock of the ITnited States, has ressonto be proud. (Ches.) In all our great characteristics we may h.i said to resemble the people of Great Britain. We are brave (chees); we are commercial; we are free; and, perhaps, in some respects we transcend them in having czrefullyseparited civil d relii 'ns liberty. (Cheers.) Bat resemnblances of this sort, gentlemen, instead of beingthe caus of harmony and union, are often the cause of diudalty and dispute. Two brave men are equaLy fealess of eah otheri one will neier'yield to the other on a point of bgnour, and, therefore, they somstimes come into collision. Two merchants pursuing the same couse of adventure will sometimes find their interests clash The spirit of the press, too, which infree countries shouald ever 7-e free, often brins on a state of feeling 'which requires to be dealt with by the vrisest'and most'conciliatorynmeasures. (Loudchees.) It is a miatter of sincere regret, but perhaps it is in the order of Providence, that the freest nations are not always thesincerest' friends. '(Hear, hear.) I cordially concurred in the first, second, and third toasts that 'were proosed With'regard to the second,'permit me to observe t aif thers is one feature of the American character more prominent than nother, -it is the heartiness with which they receive the toast of the'ladyy whose name is always foremost in the hearts of :Englishtuesi, (Loud cheers.) I rSk my countrymen who are acquainted 'with the umversal spurit of Amnerica, who know the extent to wvhich 'we carrv' our ivilization, whether we. do not always drink a double bumpert totle' l,siies 'in preference to the gentlemen? (Cheers ad igties.) ~Asto'tho present toast,gentlemen, 1 than k yen for t7e manner in 'which yos have received is, its onliy merit being tha it caves from Willim Brown, of. Is'es'pool. (Load cheers) .*-r' _GeralCADWALAJDXt d,-I am aee1ygia4, Mr. Chaivr.:! mA,of the oppo.rtunity of Ueting my daiagaised fello - etryme, whom 7Og have ivited ian a quiet way- t cdelerate tie 4th of July. Yo khow ta t l,, es the da- afforcs an ocasiohs for miliatry display, an refereu ^ iBs AlWYs mAde tD hitorical and statistical mitary faets-, befcre the uciity of Cincinnati, whoee badgD I have.tbe-o honour to wear (cheers, but I ai, l *coa fine JnyeLf to one or two facts which may nob he inappropriatO or aninteresting to onr friends., By the report of the Ordnance. Department at Wuhingoan, uDnder the act for arming and equipping the #hole body sL the militia, we return 2,566,502 free,- ablerodied, 'isite male inhabitants of the age of 18 years and under the age olf, 4.5 yers subject to enrolment and liable to perform military service. These uten, up to a certain grsde of coDoMision re usallY comarnided by officers of their own choice, and itis a pleasing comrmentary upon our tionalinatittionas to know that more than 2,000,000 men, commanded mostlyby officers of their own choice, can safely be treated with the nationel arms in their hands. (Cheers.) ' Tho Standing army oE the United States under the genius of our constitution canot be large in time of peace, but an ample corps of highly educated and experienced officers, mostly gradatees of the West Point Military Academy, are sown broadcast throughout the land, as the history of the' Memicancampaigi will show. (Hear, hear.) It gives me pleasure, Sir, to Eay that I have in my eye at this momentt two distigished and highly accomplished gentlemenx who have held professorships in that military school. (Hear,'' hear.) But education in our country is not colnfied. to the military clas. The American people at large - are a helpfta, insaructed people, and believe that the pen is stronger than the sword. (Cheers.) liatll7 lef to themselves, theTprizethecomfortof peace, and fever a difficulty should orise with any nation it wll probably find its origin in a national characteristic. Sir, s we saytbat we belon" to the qcus irriite! ("Hear, hear," aud a laugh.) 1#'u are a particularly sensitive rce, and ve - need not (among ourselves) disguise the fact that diDiculty may arise from some unwise, untruthful, unchristian-like irritation. In all indness be it spoken, the example is boefore us; I believe the public press inEngland can hold int its band the ker-to the American heart. (Cheers.) Mfy countrymen arm naturally disposed to respect them- - selves, and feel kindly disposeli towaxrds Engltand. Be' assured, Sir, the emerican'daughter is of herself wlin" to -bare her breast to nurture and sustain her venerable - parent. (Cheers.) I am confidsat, if Her Majesty the Queen or her Royal consor' (for the Queen is a lady and the American people are a gallant people) should visit her domizions in Canada and return home through the United States, that the IRoyal progress would be everywhere hailed with as much respect and as much enthusiasm as would be shown by her own loyal subjects. (Loud cheers.) Thereis in tbe United States a 1lrge Conservative class who are en.- tirely removed from the arena of politics, and I can s.r that these good people thinik that the public press in: America and the public press in England can well afford to consult the national peculiarities of each other. Allow me, Sir, to propose the toast. I have in my hand-" Great Britain and the United States; frank intercourse, cordial fiiendihip, and perpetual peace between them." (Drunk with immense cheering.) Mr. JOE>- MAGnEGOR, M.P., as the reDresentative of & great eonstituency which had considerable intercourse with America, proposed the health of his friend Mr. George Peabody, wYho wvas a most active promnoter of that amity whih ought alw.ays to exist beteen twvo nations speaking. the same language and descended fronm common anceators. The toast wvas eceived witth lond and prolonged cheers. hlr. PEABODY, in returning thanks for the very kindl reception given to the toast, said that he was exceedingly gratified at being suirounded on that glorious day by sa large a number of his countrymen and his English friends; that he was most happy to witness the perfect harmony ,which had prevailed throughout the proceedings of the evening; and he trusted that it ever would he so, and that his life might be spaied to meet his friends on many similar occasions. (Cheers.) He had no difficulty in providing for their physical appetites, but they must look to those more capable of making speeches than himself to cater for their intellectual enjoyments. He felt his heart wasright, but he wanted the pow;er to express in suitable langage its feelings. During his long absence front his nativ-e country he had f'ormed many attachments, bat the land o' his birth wass alw;ays uppermost in his affections, and he would ever rejoice to call it his home. Ag6ain thanking them for their kindness, he eat down amid renewed applanse, the bandI playing "HiEome, sweet home." ar. CossRB, with a few apPrOpriate remarl;s, then gave "Our English guests," 'which -was drunk with all the honours, Mr. S. C. Hall replying. lThe next toast, "Professor Morse," wvhose name wasassociated with the wvonderful improvements in the electric legzaph, having been responded to. Mr. Pl;E:aODn proposed "The Hon. Mr. Cameron, or Canada." 3}r. CAmcr.os, in returning thanks, observed that he w2s happy, as a colonist of Great Britain in the New World, to tel them hov proud the Canadians felt of Old England, and bow attached they were to their Sovereign-feelings which. arose from the kind and fostering hand which England extended to them, and to the perfect freedom she had granted them in the mansgeinent of their own affairs. (Cheers.) To the old colonies she had acted the part of a harsh stepmother; she had coerced and' chained her children down until te iron had entered into their souls, and in their - anger and despair they had broken the fetters that "alled, tbem and severed the chain that bound them. To the new colonies she had been a gentle and nursing nsother, assisting them to develope their resources, directing their energies, aiding their enterprises, and conferring upon them the inestimable boon of self-government. (Cheers.) And mark-what had been the results ; with nearly a million of people more than the old colonies possessed at the time of the Revolution, their attachment to England was steadfast nd strong; and, while the Americans always spoke, when about to visit the Old World, of "going outt to Europe," it was still with the colonists, when they crossed the seas, " coming home to England." (Cheers.) War had been spoken of between these islands and the continent of the West, and none could think of such a calainity -without a shudder; but men must not shut their syes to the possibility of such an event, and considestions of bumanity and religion must be invoked and concessions made to avert the catastrophe. (Cheers.) England could afford to concede, andl the world would be spared the spectacle of the two great Protestant nations of the earth warring against each other, and wastiDg on the battlefield those precious lives that in peace might extend religion and civilization to tle ends of the earth. (Cheers.) England had made Canzda the anomaly of an indepenident dependency. She allowed her to pass her owalaws of trade and navigation, nay, even to make her own treaties, as witness the eciprocity Treaty (cheers), which had already sreased the export trade of Canada 500-fold. The time might come when, in tne world-wide struggle of freedom ag,ainst despotism, Britiih hands and hearS inl the colonies, from Newroundland to Hudsoo's Bay, and American lovers of liberty from Maine to the Pacific, might circle these islands of the sea to defend them with their wooden walls against the despotic Powers that desired to trample the life out of liberty, and England might owe her preservation as a nation to those who had sprang from her own loins. The concluding tosst of ":The 3;adies" having been given by 3Mr. Peabody, the comnpany separated shortly before 12 'clock;, all of them highly gratified with their evening's entertainment. The national airs of the two countries were played at inten-als during the evenmig by a very efficient band.
DrE 2VATION'AL GALLERY A1rD THE " ADO ATION' OF THE MfAGI." TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIES. Sir,-On the 7th of April, in the debate on the estimates for the National Gallerv durinig 1M 6-7, lIr. Vilson, the Secretary of the Treasury, having buckled on his armour in defence of "the Adoration of the MIagi," amused the House v-ith the tale - thathe had seen a letter from Paris in which 00,000 franes (2,4001.) was offered for that PiCture." Now, Sir, I too have seen a document-indeed I have one now beforeme, kinded in subject tothe famous letter of Mr. Wilson, inasmuch as both treat of the pecsxniarypretensions of the same masterpiece. By acoincidence which cannot fail to strilke the imagination of so romnmtic a personage as our Secretary of the Treasury, my document also is from a French source. An hour hns not elapsed since I received it fom a gentleman who attests the accuracy of its contents from information obtained by himself, not many weeks ago, in Venice. The following is a translation of the document in question:- In the church of San Silvestro, in Venice, there were 10 pictures by v arioas ma3sters, and, as they were in a very bad state (en tar s2nauraia etat), the curate of the church, had been endeavouring for 20 years and more to sell these pictures, which were useMss to him. Nobody bought them. t iwas only lat year (1855) that a certain M. Toffoli made the acquisition of the 10 pictures for the sum of 10,ODf., and he had one ofthem ('tle Adoration of the Magi'). which was said to be by Paul Ve:ronese, restored. It was DL. Tagliapietra, Restaurateur de l'Acad6mie des Beaux Ar de Vense, who for the sunm of 100 Napolpons restored ths picture, which was afterwards sent to paris" The gentleman who gave use this document told me, lIkewise, from information gathered in Venice, that the pavment for ite restoration -was to hoe contingent upon the sale of tie picture. So gratefrl, however, ws Signor Toffoli to Providence for having led to hss door the art representatives of tis gifted nation, that, to mark the epoch of the diviue interposition, he not only paid his restores's bill, but actually distrIbuted, it ia s ad, 50D piastre among the poor of Venice. It will have been seen that the average cost of the ID Iictures, formerly the property of the curate of San ilvestro, -s 401. rdr.Bovwer, therefore, wasnot veery wide of the mark when he so -hocked Mr. Wilson by utating that he had been "told that the picture vrhich had -c4t the nation 1,9771.," and onJly " 21. 2S. 2d.," as Mr. Wilson triumphantly infonned the House for carriage, "-waoffered for sale a short time ago for 501., and that that 'was zbout its worth." The difference between Mr. Bowyer's appraisement, and the avei'age coat of "' the Adoration of the Magi" " unrestored," is 25 per centh; a consideration whiclh a personage of Mr. 7Wison's towering sirit might disdain, btt for which-gentlemen inl a huubler lise would be well satisfied to transact busines. Sut1h I have good authoriy for beiieving to be a tre and unrosnantic historyof thepoductionsecuredto u, bythie combIned oannoisseurihip of Sir a. aastlake ancd the X Germanravelling agent,. -who blasonson his card,. "AIMu o d 1a Osnc,.ie gWxotJ ddr ~g the daub whida on the authority of our ,ffi, ial eatalogue, page 207, oouli only be had " after Iusuch dda, by a papa), decree, and byr an order from the loeai au^timntieL " Y, IST obedientlyr. MOILW MooR:E i 2, SohQ-aquwe, July 6;
TITTE LOSSOFTHEPRINcEqspoyALST.AEAL9HIP. Our readers may remember that this fine vessel, one of the superb passenger steamships plying between Iaverpool Anil Glsgow, was wrecked in a fog on the coast of Wiito_shirca few months ago. Peculiar interest is given to thke subject by the scene of the disaster, which is at no great distance from the spot where the remains of the illfated Orion still lie. Bappily the present event affords in some of its rcsults an instiactive contrast to the dreadfull ,ctastropha which befell the Oxion; the decision and skill evinced by the chicers of the-Princess Royal after the -accident occurred, their surceesfsl maintenance of disciline and order, and the complete preservation IN life, under paraUel circamstances and on the same coast, being we11 worthy of record. But the catalogue of passenger stammers wrecked on this ine is becoming long and terrible. Besides the Orion-of itself o sufficient warning for one generation-the perils of that rock-bound coast, with its sinuosities, headlands, and cross tides, have been experienced by the Falcon, the Waiden City, the Mezeppa, the Albion, the Princess Royal at least once before, and, of older date, the John Wood anid the Majestic. An inquiry was therefore very properly *ordered by thu Board of Trle under the provisions of the Nercantile Shipping Act, and the case, in its bearing on the ship's officers, has been thoroughly in-vestigantd by an influential and intelligent bench of inagistrates, with the able assistance of Captain Brit.tbin, I.N., an naval assessor. The Court met in the Town-hall cf Stranreer; Colonel James M'Douall, of Logan (late Colonel of the 2d Life Guards), Major Maitland, of. Freugh, llr. Nathaniel Taylor, and Mr. Charles Kerr were the acting iustices. Captain Brittain took bis seat as naval assessor. Mr. Skene, collector of customs, appeared as promoter of the inquiry, in his capacity of district receiver Of wrecks, under the direction of the Board of Trade, and Mr. bNlleeiCaird, procurator fiscal of Wigtoashire, and Mr. Adair, attended on the part of the Captain John AXChlery, the master of the Princess Royal. The cans was conducted with great ability by M1r. Sk-one. 1 Ie opened the proceedings by stating that the object of the inquiry was to ascertain whether the loss of the Princess Royal had been caused by any wrongFul anct or default of thEe mzaster;* and he thereupon required that the master's iertificate of competency should be M^posited in the hands of the Court to await the issue of the investigation. This demand was immediately complied with, and the examina-tion of witnesses thenproceeded. Unfortunatelythere we-e no Shorthand writers present, and in consequence it was agreed that those parts only of the evidence should be iaken down in writing which either of the parties or any imember of the court should desire to have specially recorded. The evidence vas gone into at great length, the Admiralty eharts being frequently referred to; also the chart of the coast prepared by Captain Robinson in the Orion case, with the course there laid down by him as a safe course from Dunmanhead, at which place the Princess Royal was when the fog began. It was distinctly proved that at that time the ship was between three and four miles off Duunmanhead, Captain Robinson's chart showing it safe as near as threequarters of a mile. The next land seen in the fog was Por'patrick, and the ship was then nearly two miles off land. It wasadmitted by the Crown witnesses that from that position a north course should clear the land, and it was proved that the courses then actuallv steered were, first, N. and by W. westerly, and next N. j W. for the purpose of carrying the ship further off the land, and which all - the witnesses agreed ought, if the compasses were acting correctly, to have placed the vessel some miles further from the land. Portpatrick was the last land seen, having been Dbserved in a clearance, but the fog immediately closed round, and the ship in exactly an hour and 10 minutes afterwards was suddenly found to be running upon a projecting point of the Scotch coast at 3.10 a.m., when she w. as besieved by all her officers to be, and by the reckoning onght to have been, many miles to the westward. The courses steered having been ascertained by the log and proved by the concurring evidence of the officers and helmsmen were -laid down on the chart in presence of the Court and under the inspection of the naval assessor, and these were found to show, in accordance with the opinions of the professional witnesses, that, if no cause had been in operation unlmown to those on board, the ship ought to have been from five to sxmiles clear of land at the time she struck. It appeared that the steam pressure was reduced during the fog from an average of 131b. to lOlb. or Ilb., somewhat, though not very greatly, diminishing the ship's speed. Evidence was given that the master never left the deck from the moment the fog appeared, and, indeed, that on the whole voyage from Iiverpool he w as only once off desk, .and th.at merely for a few minutes during daylight, to snateh a hasty meal;* and the highest testimony was given as to his professional character and his habitual caution and judgment. It w.as zlso proved that this was the first accident of any kind which had ever occurred, during his long experience, to any vessel under his command. From the clear opinion formed by the Court at the close of tshe evidence, Captain MaChlery's certificate of competency was immediately restored to him, wh ch seemed quito in ccordance with the popular feeling; and Ro the ceremony do its restoration being accomplished he received the conlnatulatinsi of his friends amid strong demonstrations of applause from the crowded audience. The Courtand the naval assessar unanimously concurred in the following resolutions, which were drawn up in the shape of a "Report to the Board of Trade ''- "eThe Court haing fully investigated the whole matter, heard the evidence adduced, and considered the same, beg unanimously to report to the Board of Trade as follows, va:- "1 . That the ship ran on the Sfaar Ioaggan nock during a fog so dense that neither the heanon on that rock nor the land inside of it were seen till immediately before the ship -struck. "2. That the courses stated by the master to have been sted are completsy confirmed by the other witnesses. " 3. Tha it it has been proved by all the witnesses who ere competent to give an opinn o on the subject, that these courses ought to have califed the ship five or six miles lear of the land and of the rock on which she struck. " 4. That the evidence points decidedly to a deviation of the compasses as the probable cause of the ship's less. "uo. That this was the ship's first voysde northward after the adjustment of her compasses, so that 'er officers had not had feil opportunities of testing their accuracy by personal observation of the lantffalls made on that course. "c6. That itis acknowledged byate master that the lead was not hove to take soundinga; that the explanation given by him on this point is, that there is deep water close in shore that the soundiagas shown on the ch-art, in the position in which he believed himself to he, correspond so nearly to the soundings close up to the rock on which the ship struck, that the heaving of the lead would have been of no practical use; that, eing in a tideway, he wounld, by stepping the shi when going parallel to the shore, have rsked the ioss of hlis position; and that from his intimate knowledge of eth coast, and having sighted land at Portpatrick when he was nearly two miles off land, neither he nor any of his offiicers had say reason to doubt, from the course they were steering, that they were five miles from land immediately before the ship struck. These reasons were fully supported by the evidence and practical judgment of theprofesitonslwatnesdes, - and the Court are satisfied that they are well founded inthe narticular circumnstances of this case. " 7. That in the whole circumstances of tbis case the master stands honourably acquitted of blame as to the cause of the accident; and the Court have in consequence retarned his certificate. "S. At the same time, the Court canot hbut regret the practice which exists among passenger-steamers of running at great speed in time of foag; although atisfied that in this case the speed was not in any respect the canse of the anddent. "0. That the attempt made by the master, although Trnsluccesatpo, to -un the ship through betw een the Laggan Reock and the shore, when her critical position was discovered, wvas probably the only means by which she could then have been saved, and evinced promptitude and judgment.° " 10. That credit is ijstly due to him for his tcoohess and decisn atfter the ship struck; for the manner in which he maintained discipline among the crew sad order among the passengers; for the condition of his boats and tackle; and fhor the consequent success with which he breught to shore cvevy human beimg on hoard rithout a single casualty. "To these findings, in regard to the master, the Court thik it proper to add that, while the action of the compassos many have been impeded or infuenced by the foggy state of the atmosphere, it does nut anpear that the adjustmaent of the compassesinthiscasewaimade under the most favourable circumstances for obtainig, a far as possible, a Eontinuance of their accuracy, more particularly as it appeass that at the time of adjustment the weather was exceedoingly ufavonrable for accurate and steady observation;t,hat the ship Was not then leaded, or in the state in which she wasB intended to go to sea; that she heeled to one side during the process, thus probably rendering the adjustment Rnapplicable to her normal condition when uprioght; and that part, at least, of a quantity of scrap and bardiron, which were then in the after hold near the compass (as tensverery ballast till the ship should come to he leaded), had been altered in position, and somne of it landed after the adjustment was made; all or any of which causes may account for the deviation indicated by the rest of the evid1ence. "For these reasons the Cort submit to theeBoard of Tsrade, as worthy of consideration, whether means ought not to be taken to plane an operation of such extreme delicacy and importance as the adjustment of compaseses (especially in iron ships) under some authorized control oriuspection. "4The Court, on reviewing the wihole circumstances of the case, further recommend to the Board of Trade that 3Mr. M'Chlery, the master of the vessel, should be allowed the expenses incurred by him in his defence. PA¶Trics MSTriLAYD, J.P., Chairman. - " JS ntO0)sr.A M'IDouALL. J.P. "`NxATr NEn TAYLOR, J.P. " CaLasEs KsERPm J.P. "GEORGE BRiTTAn;, Lieutenant, RN., Nautical Assessor."
TVEST INDIA AND CAPE DE VEBDE ISLANDS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDMES. Sir,-It would be a waste of time to advert to the present Lamentable condition of the West India Islands, with their fertile Eoil lying waste and desolats for want of cultivation. We can only marvel at the ssunineness and apathy of England in referenee t,o these the ricst and most valuable of her colonies, an idifference and neglect which tends to excite the cupidity of more enterprising countries than our sown, and which may, at some future timne, occasion to us some cost and trouble which we now begrudgo to bestow for their preservation. In ltVe Timnes some days back we read an account of the want and misery of the natives of the Cape de Verde Islands; and we naturally inquiro if there are any means of transporting these labourers, accustomed to a tropical climate, to our West Indian plantations, where Ahey would exchange their present destitutionl for All the necessaries and many of the comforts and luxuries of life. If you should entertain the practicability of carrying out this idea and will kindly devote a "leader' in your paper to a discussion of the subjett, your able advocacy of amatter at oncae national and philanthropio will doubtless excite that attention which the question deserves. I am. Sir. voanr obedient servant, BENaVolqS, A~ThI 1. - I
TJUDICIL COMMITTEE OF PPIVY COUNOIL, Saitarday, r '-hy- . I TIHE l TTlRPFTq_ -(T-- T.TAV - (Beforl4odJustice u1Gn T BBucE, Lord Justice Tu-N Er, - Sir JOmx PATTEso' , and Sir- Jo}n DODSON, Sir 3. PA!rToyN delivered the jadgment of their lord-hips in this case, the facts of which were reported in Thc Tines of the 3d inst. The action, he said, was brought by the late schooner Christina and Maria against the bark Damfries, to recover the loss arising fromn a collision between them. The Trinity 31asters, in the court below, were df opinion that the Damfries was solely and entirely to blame, and that for not having ported her helm at an earlier period. The learned judge of the Court of Admiralty adopted that opinion. The ssilin- masters, however, by whom their lordships had been assisted, were of a different opinion, and considered that the schooner was entirely to' blame. Their lordships had had much difficulty in deciding betjveen those coufLicting opinions. The schooner. was sailing with a fair wind, and the Damfries was on the starboard tack, close-hauled. Under such circumstances the schooner was bound to give way, and the Damnfries had no' reason to suppose that asoe would not cornply with the rule. Their lordships, therefore, must advise H or Majesty that! the judgment of the Court below ought to be reversed, but' that no coats ought to be allowed to either party in either of: the courts. THE atOBILE.-COLLSION. Sir J. PATESOx also delivered the judgment of their; lordships in this case, the facts of which were likewise: reported in T7e Times of the 3dinst. The Mobile, he said,: was going free with a fair wind; the Fanix, bv which the action was brought, was on the starboard tack, close-hauled.! The Court below hdd that the Mobile might and ought to have gone astern of the Fenix, and that she was wholly to blame; for the collision which occurred. Their Lordships, assisted by sailing masters, entirely concurred in that view. The' Mobile alleged that she had a pilot. on board, and was therefore exonerated from liability. It appeared, however, to their lordships that there was joint blame attaching to the pilot and to the mate of the vessel. The law, as applicable to these circmnstances, was clearly laid down in " the Diana 'i (1W. Rob. lS and 4 Moore, P. C.) cases, and also in the: "Christiana" (7 Moore P. C. cases 1603-namely, that the' owners were not exempted from responsibility. Their lords.hips therefore would report to Eer Majesty that the; appeal ought to be dismissed with costs.
LAW REPORT. COURT OF CH&NCERY, LicoW's-mx. JuLY 5. FARBISA V. SIVEER-.OCK. (Before tlkc LoRD C1IANCELLOR. I -This appeal from a decision of Vice-Chancellor Wood, restraining the defendant, a printer, from printingor selling labels in fraudulent imitation of the plaintiff's trademark, wvas tbis morning resumed, and was not concluded at the rising of the Court. The bill was filed by Johann Maria Farina, the celebrated manufacturer of Eau de Cologne, vrh' c-omplained that be had recently discovered that spu;rioun 13au de Cologne vvas being sold in bottles, with labels an! exact copy of tbose nsed by him-namely. engrved,' "Johann 3Maria Fauna, gegenjiber dem Jillichbs l!at"," w1ith a particular flourish, end that the defendant had been' in the hlabit of printing and selling large numbers of such labels to purchasers, who had pasted them on bottles con-: taining aperfume not manufactured by the plaintiff, and thereby defrauded the public. The bill prayed an injunction acgainst lthe defendant, whvich was granted by t.he Vicel Alr. Willcocl; wvas this day beard for the appellant.
ROLLS' COURT, ClhSCZRY-LA5. JULY h5. RE PYNCOMIBE'S CHARITY. (Before the M!ASTER of the ROLLS.) 'this petition came on upon further consideration, having been referred to chambers for the purpose of settling a. scheme for the administration of the charity. The lands subject to the trustsof the charity were derived under the will of a Mrs. Gertrude Pyncombe, and the main object of the testatrix's bounty was to increase small livings in the county of Devon, and otherwise provide for the spiri; tual instruction and education of the inhabitants of that county. The scheme bad been settled in chambers with the sanction of the Attorney-General, and, thereby, it was provided that certain yearly payments should be made in support of Echools in the parishes of Poughill, Ashreigney; High Bickington, Oaltford, Chulmleigh, and llfra4 combe, all in the county of Devon, such schools to be in union with and conducted on the principles of the church of England. The scheme then provided that ile surnplus funds of the charity should be applied in augmenting small livings in England or Wales, subject to cer' tain provisions as to the Governors of Queen Anre's Bounty, preference being given, first, to the parish of Efracombe; secondly to the parishes in the county of Devon, in which the testatrix Gertrude Pyncombe possessed lands at her death; and thirdly, to such livings situate in England or Wales as might bh capable of receiving augmentation from the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty, to be selected aj therein mentioned. I Mr. Giffard auppared for the trustees in support of the scheme; Mr. Wickens for the Attorney.General; and 3r.i Bristowe, for the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty. lis H10oousU made an order vesatng the estate in tbh trustees, and confirmed the scheme, with some triflipg alterationsuggested onbehalf of the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty, and directed theodifferent paymntns mentioned in the scheme to commuence as from mlidsummer.dat Last.
VICE-CHANWEtTORS' -OTi7t .Tm.v h ASIDUALL V. WVOOD. (B efore ic-ChzanCdlOr Sir 3. STUi'.RT.1 'his case, which occupied the greater part of yesterday and of the day before, was resumed to-day after the short causes were disposed of, and concluded shortly before the' rising of the Court. The case made on behalf of the plain-' tiff was that the late Mr. W. Bishop being in the course of the year 1854 captain of the ship Amy, which belonged to the defendants, Wood and Lovell, and was at that time on the coast of Africa, employed a sum of 5.000 Mexican dollars, belonging to the plaintiff, but deposited by him with: Bishop, in the purcbase of 30 tons of palh oil, which had! been consigned to Messrs. Wood and Lovell, at Bristol, and! in supplies and other necessaries for the Amy, a-d that he, remitted the residue, amounting to $i240, to the defendants.: The bill prayed for payment of the above amount personally by the dfeendants, or that it might be declared that the' plaintiff had a lien on the palm oil consigned to them for, the amount. On behalf of the defendants it was said t.hat' they were valling to account to the plaintiff for any benefiti they had derived from the dealings of Bishop with his! money, but it was contended that there was no evidence to] show that any part of the amount in question had been ap-i plied for the necessary purposes of the ship, or that the' defendants had im any way derived benefit from the! plaintiff's money. Mr. Wigram and Mr. Archibald Smith were for the plaintiff; Mr. Turner for the personal representative of Bishop; and Mr. Bacon and Mr. Kaslazke for the, defendants, Messrs. Wood and Lovell. The VIcE-CsAscELLOn said, that he saw enough on the general result of the evideuce to satisfy his mind that, Messrs. Wood and Lovell had benefitted by the manner in' which Bishop had dealt with the plaintiff's money;' although, from the defective evidence presented to the' Court, e could not say to what extent they had done so. They were bound to reimbur_e the plaintiff to the extent to which they had benefitted. He should therefore adjourn it to chambers to inquire whether any and what portion of the amount in question had been paid or applied in the purchase of thepalm oil consigned tothe defendants and in supplying the ship with necessaries, and whether a sum of $240, forming part of the $5,000, was received by the defendants. (Before Vice-Chancellor WOOD.) mTCHCOCK V. CAREV. This was an adjourned summons taken out before the Chief Clerk on a claim by a purchase under a decree for. compensation in respect of a liability to repair a hlghw.ay. The property formed part of the Ravensbury estate, near Mitchan, and it appeared that uy.wards of 90 years since the high road ha. een diverted, and that upon that occasion a writ of ad quod damnausa had issued, wherenpon a return was made that it would not be to the prejudice of the king or of any other for the proposed substituted' road to be made, provided the landowner, who was to have the old road, kept a portion of the new one in repair. It was in espect of this liability that the purchaser claimed compensation. The pUrchaser had accepted the title. br. Chandless, Mr. Willcock, Mr. Amphlett, and Mr. Southgate appeared for the vendors. rD. Ga c-s and Mfr. STmxRmi, for the purchaser, con-' tendied that the old road having been enjoyed so long on the teams of the return, was bound bv the condition imposed by' it, and that the vendors not being able to soil the unincumbered property as they had undertaken to do, were bon-ad if the purchaser elected to takewhat they could give, to give him that with an adequate deduction. The VICE-CANCrELLOB said, that the question as to the liability to repair was at the utmost a doubtful one, and therefore not a proper subject for compensation. The pu-: :cbaser might elect to take or reject the property, having in' the latter case a proper allowance for his expenses; but, if' -he accepted it, he must take it without compensation. Mr. DE GEs and Mr. STrEEn , on behalf of the purchaser, then elected to take the title. ilr. WILIcocx asked that the purchaser might pay the ' costs of the summons. The VICE-CsAnCELLOn thought the question a fair one,; and that no costs could be given.
COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH. GiTLDmLnTn,. J1JT T.Y.-. BOVIIL V. REYWORTH AND OT.RS VIftiMs at Nisi Privu, before Lord C(AMrBELL and; a Special Juru.) Mr. Kinowles, Q.C,, Mr. Bovill, Q.C., Mr. Webster, and Mr. George Denman appeared for the plainliff; the Attorney-General, Mr. Atherton, Q.C., and Mr. Hindmarsh for the defendants. This was an action in which the plaintiff, Mr. Bovill, the engineer, of Abehurch-lane, citv, ?ought to recover damages from the defendants, Messr. Xeyworth and Co. milters at Lincoln, for the infringement of a patent granted to the plaintiff in June, 1849, for improvements in the manufacture of wheat and other grain into meal and flour. The trial lasted the whole of yesterday and the chief portion of this day. The substantial question was as to the validity of the plaintiff's patent, and this depended on two other questions. The first of these questions was, whether the plaintiff was the original inventor, or whetber it had not been discovered by a foreman of Mr. Diors, of Wands'worth, who was assisting the plaintiff in his excperiments. The second question was, whether, even admnitting the plaintiff to be an original inventor, the invention had not been in successful and common use by Mr. Muir in the Tradestou-mills at Glasgow before the plaintiff's patent was taken cut. The defendants' case was concluded this day, and then several witnesses were called by the plaintiff in centradiction. The ATToRNxY-GENmAL then summed up the defendants' evidence, and Mr. KaowLEs replied on the whole case. Lord CAaaBri, in saumming up the evidence, said there wera three questions for the jurv-first, whether the plaintiff was the original inveutor; secondly, whether the invention was known and uinnse bifore the plaintiff's patent in 1849; and thirdly, whether there had been any infringement by the defendant. *With respect to the first point, his Lordship thought lhe jury, could hardly thiik the discovery wag mnade by Mr. Dives's man, -who was assisting the plaluiff in his experiments, especially as Mr. Dives had agreed to pay the plaintiff 2,0001. a-year for the use 'of the patent. Tle main question wowld be whether the invention had been in- coimmnon use in Mr. Muir's mill, at Glhsgow, before the month of .June, 1849, the date of the plaintiff's patent. If it was, .the HTouseof Lords had decided that useinScotlandwas the samee as in England, and if it was in successful use at Glasgow the plaintiff's patent could not stand. But if it -had been tried by Mr. Muir rsere]y as an experiment, and had failed and been abandoned on that account, it would not -affect the patent of another who brought the invention to A usefnl result. His Lordship thea read two letters written Ibv Mr. Muir to MIr. Gordon, dalted February, 1849, and vFhich referred to the system then in operation in- the Tradeston-mills which Mr. Ifuir had become acquainted with atAltona. His LordshipohoervedtIlttif Xr. Muirhadbrought the invention into successfuL operation, as he stated he had doie, it was somewhat strange that ha should have abandoned its use, and etil smore'that he shonld aftervards have negotiated with the plaintiff for a licence to use his patent. Jji Lordship then called the attention of the jury to the evidence to establ,ish the infrisgeents and concluded by leaving those three questions totheir coisideration. The juty retired to consider ;heir verdict. and on their return into~ court they found fsr the plaintiff-Damages, I,289f, It s. Sd. At tse request of the defendant's counsel, two questions -whlich arose on the construction of the plaintiff's specification were reserved for the ccusideration of the Court, and execution was accordingly stayed. SECOND COURT. -(Sittings at Nisi PrMs=, at Gu1i4CThO before ir. Justicc WIGHTALs N and a cbrnmon Jury.) -- BECKETT V. CUNTZ. Mr. O'MaUy and Mr. Beasley conducted the plaintiffs case;. and lr. Overend and Mr. lush that of the defendant. The declaration was for 21.3s. id., for wages as cook, for wron"ly discharging her from th3 service, ard for assault all& fse isrprisonment. The *efendan; pleaded never indebted, "Not guilty," and a justificaton that ho had discharged her on account of aimmoral conduct with his little boys. Thep inntiffhad been cook intheserviceofthedefendantb who is a. German mnerchant, residing at St. Leo.ard's. After she had been in the service about two months the defendant called her into his study and locked the door, and then told her that she had takesL liberties with his boys. She indignantly denied it. He told herif she would confess -it he would forgive her. She sti'l denied it, and he then disc.harged her. The defence was gross indecency on the part of the plaintiff *vith the little boys of the defedant, who were eight and nine years of age. TwO other servants had been discharged on the same grounds. The defendant and the two boy; were caUed, who gave a ddetail of facts which, if true, showed that the plaintiff and twoother women had taught them to commit acts of a criminal nature with them. The jury found for the plaintiff' for 21. 3s. 4d., and regretted very much that they could, not give her more.
COURT OF COMtMON PTFAEt TTnT-nTrT%r. .ThT.T A BARKER V. EDIJDLUND TlAtLWAY COMIPANY. (Before Mr. Justice Wruis and a Snecial Jur2JA This was an action for damages for false imprisomnent. Mr. Serjeant B-les and Mr. Beasley appeared for the plaintiff,- and Mr. Yfacaulay, Q.C., and Afr.'hipson for tho defendants. From the statement of the learned serjeant it appeared -that te plaintiff had formerly been engaged as coachman to illiard's oinnibus, plying, dily between the town of Stamford and the railwyay statiorL near there ; hut having tleftMr. Billiard's service he started a one-horse omnibus upon his own account, and succeeded in obtaining a fair share of traffic. This naturally interfered with Mr. Hilliard's business, and through his intervention the stationmaster refnsed to permit "Barker's 'bus" to enter the station gates, and a v.ritten notice was given to Barker, wvarning him that he would be considered a:trespasser if be upassed the pzescribed limits. Barker, however, appeared to have disregarded this wvarning6 until the 12th of October last, when he received a letter from a gentleman -named Dodge, directing him to meet a "wedding party" by the late train from Leikestei; and accordingly, at nalf-pase 10 in the evening, he drove up, and the stationmaster at once refused to allow the omnibus to enter the yard, whereupon Barker left his vehicle outside the gates and walked up the footway to thce booking-office, when he was again stopped, and told that if he perssted in comin in he should be taken into custody. Barker then exhibited the letter from Mr. Dodge, who at that moment came up and remonstrated with the station-master, telling him that he&vas exceeding his duty. Still the station-master persisted that Barker should not remain there, and eventually Barker was taken into custody under his direction and marched off to the station-house in the town, where he was formally charged before the chief constable with having cormnitted a wilfultrespass; bailwas after. wards tak-en for his appearanec before the magistrates, who, upon hearing the charge, instantly dismissed it. The case banng been fully proved,- Cr. MACAu , upon the part of the defendants, pointed out to the jury that in this case the damages which they would give ought to be very moderate. The station-master had acted'under an entire misapprehension of the powers of the railway company under Lord Seymour's net (3 and 4 Victoria, c. 97), and really in this instance al the inconvenienee that Barker had suffered consisted in his having walked up towards the town at the late hour of 11 o'clock at night-at a time when very few persons were about. The learned JuDGE summed up The jury found a verdict-Damages, 50!L SA%TURDAY, JIULY 5. - RTOR V. \vIS0os. (Special Jury.) Mr. Mellor, Q.C., and Mr. Maud appesred for the plaintiff; andMr. Collyer, Q.C., Mr. tinthank, and Mr. Finlasan for the defendant. This was an action for a libel, vhich charged the defendant with.a breach of contract. The libel had been pub-lished in a handbill bv the defendant, and complained that a contract had been made by the plaintiff with the Poor Law Guardians for a supply of the best coals, whereas the coals delivered were inferior in quality and deficient in 'weight, and to this the defendaun pleaded that the contract was made by his agent, and that he sent inland coals in ignorance that the contract wvas for the best coals. Te plaintiff and defendant were both coal merchants in the neighbouirhood of Gulldford, and the trial contained matters of purely local interest. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 40s. N-N?IE V. LO'RD BEROWSIOW CECIL. (Special JurU.) Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Air. Hawkins appeared for the plaintiff; and Mir. Warren, Q.C., and Mr. Lush for the defendant. This was an action upon a promissory note for 1,0001., and the aflirmative hung upon the defendant. .l*r. WaisaRax, in the absence of MLr. Serjeant Byles, addressing the jury, said lie had the bonour to appear before them on bebalf of the defendant, who was the second son of the Marquis of Exeter, and he might briefly state that Lord Brownlow Cecil, who was born in the year 1827, had the misfortune to fall into pecuniary embarrassments at a very ear]y age, and, in spite of the large sums which had been pasd for him by the Marquis of Exeter, it became indisrensably necessary that be should seek'relief from his liabilities by passing through the Insolvent Court, which he did in the year 1850, and he reed hardly tell the jury that if the ante now in question should be proved to have been in existence at that time, and inserted in the defendant's schedule, that obligation would be barred by the defendant's discharge. Lord Brownlow Cecil, having unfortunately been mixed up in innumerable bill transactions, had no recollection whatever of this bill, and he was instructed that this bill, at all events, formed part of -a debt of 1,5001. to a Mr. Lee, -whi sh had been duly entered in the schedule filed by his Losdlship. There was also a circumstance which threw some additional doubt upon the instrument, and that was the altered state of the bill, which was dated May 3, 1849 (the bill had a large blot on thb .date). By the JUDvmE.-What do you say the figure is? .ar. WVARREN.-I say the 3d of May, 1849, my Lord. By the JUDGE.-Do you? The '- th" is quite plain. If it were " 8" it would be " rd." Let the jusy see at. The bill, which was drawn May, 1849, 12months'date) -was then handed to the jury, with a glass. - By a Juryman (to the laintia-Was the date of the 3maturity of the bill, the 1Ith of May, 1850, upon it, at the -top, when it came into your hands ? Yes, it was. The jury agreed with the learned Judge as to the 8tb of May. Mir. WArmS .-All we want, myLord, is to try themerits :of the case. The plaintiff, who stated he was an attorney, was then -called, and proved that he had received the bill from a Mr. Arden, and had given hisi a check for 9901. ; that the blot was not upon the bill at that thmu; and he stated that he -received a letter from Lord Brownlow Cecil in August, 1853,-from Ostend, in which his Lordship mentioned the bill, and said he had not entered it in his schedule. (This letter had been mislaid). This evidence was confirmed by another witness, named Lee, who bad seen the letter, anld also explained the particulars of the debt of 1,500!. The bill was due on the 11th of May, 1S50, and the writ issued cn the 10th of May, 1850. Bgthe JUDGE.-The question here is whether the debt is barred the schedule. Mr. RuD-sw JAMES.-Exactly s, my Lord. The learned JUDGE then directeil a verdict for the plaintifF sabject to the opinion of the Court.
_ COURT OF EXCHEOUER. SATURDAY. JULY 5. trCJore tie U;IIF BARON and a Special Jury at Guildehil) The COURT Was occupied nearly the whole of the day intrying an action brought by a M. liaddle, against the printer and publisher of the Leiester Chro5licle, for a libel published in that newspaper, against hinm in his business of a. gloveniaker. It tfforded no features of public interest and resulted in a, verdict for the defendant. SECOND COtRT. (Sittings at Nisi Prius, at GuidldAal, in Committee-room aVo. 1, before Mr. Baron MAuRvn and Common Juries.) _ LEGGGEV. TUCI:;R. Mr. Lush appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Prentice for the defendant. The declaration in this case stated that the plaintiff delivered to the defendant a certain horse, to be taken due care of, and the defendant agreed to keep it in a separate stall. It then aUleged that the defendant bad not taken due care of the animal, and bad placed it in a double stalU with another horse, whereby it had sustained considerable injuries. The defendant pleaded "Not Guilty,' and that he did not enter into the contract as alleged. It appesred from the nlaintiff's case that he was a cabinetialer at Edmonton, ana he also brought flowers to Coventgarden-market, forwhicb purpose ite kent a pony to drawhis cart. On the 3Ist of July last the plaintiffcametothe market. as usual and put up hisa pony, which 'wits alleged to have been worth 71., at the defendant's stables, near Covent-gjirden. 'HIe requested thaLt it might he'placed in a separate stall, for which he paid Is. instead of Gd. 'which- was the ordinary chiarge -for taking cafe ~of, horses w~hen hot placed in sieparate stalls. When the plaintiff c-ame back to gat his pony he found that it had been placed in a, doublie stall. with .na large horse," and. that. the. latter had kicked. it'-ery severely, inflicting such injuriss that the'pony become per. kelly ueless. Te plaintiff left his pon at' thie defMnAnT' stable;. and was obliged to hie nther to do hisi workr. He hd .ade several applications to the' def fendant to obtain, compensation, but without effect. The -pc-ny was now only worth 10s. - Tuie defence was, that the 'defendant never had undlertaken to put the pony into a separate stall. Itlhxadfrequentlv been put up at the defendant's stables before, but it baa always been put in a double stall, The original valise of the animal was 5NO., and, in consequence of t'te good keep it had had at the defendkrnt.s stables during the time it was behing cured, it was now w~orth- l0s. nore. It wras aL most -abeurd thing to sendl in a charg-e of 231. for an accident to An animal orizinally worth, even accordling to the plaintiff 's account, only;-VI. Under these circumstances the defeindant shad defended the action. The pony was broughtinto court as one of the defendant's witnesses. Mtr. Baron MARTrir, inx summing up, left it to the juryto say -whether or net there had been any contract on the p r fthe defendant to kee the oyi separate stall. !Ifthe.y found that point ifaor of the plaiiitiffl he did ntsee howv they could'findI a greater amount of damages than the value of the pony. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff for 7i. - UES'ACE V. BROWV. - Mfr. J. Brown appeared for the plaintiff, andl Mr. Serjeant Shee and mr. RA~ymond for the defendant. This was an action brought to 'recover compensation in damge fo a alegd asaltandfase mpisomet.The -defendant pleaded that one Morrs was possessed of a certain close, and that the plaintiff trespassed upon the said close, and that the assault. complained of was comimitted in enL 'deevouring to turn the plainitiff out of t-he close by Mr. Morriss orders. He denied the false imprisonmnent.- > :1t appeared. that'some dispute had arisen between Erl. Mlorris,' the master (as stated inL the- pleadings) of the de'-fendant, and the master of the plaintiff respecting some -talway trucks -which were in afedna oksoe n lega adise, te paintff rok don aportionx of the fence accordn to thplitfscae threwhm uote ground, and te aehmit utd.H a ae two miles to the tto,adte before tomgsrts 'When they .vr beoetemgsrte,hwvr h defendant refused to make any cha+e n h litf s -discharged. Ho had then broughthiacon- The defence was, that in consequc of the disptth defendant was instructed'notto allow the plaintifftormv tetuk,ad upon his- entering the field forthtpr poehe laid held of him and a scuffle ensued, in wihte bot'hfecll The parties then agreed to go before dmg? t rate to settle their differences, and t-hey wentoth .station freely, and of their own accord. When they arrived. there the plaintiff called himself " the prisoner," in which -he wvas seconded by his solicitor. However, the'defendant's witnesses distinctly swore that the plaintiff haa never been given into custoy at all, and that no charge had been mnade .-against him. A geatman doumets erepis inevidence on both side toproe teirrespctie caim tothe tracks, and theirr HisLosnane',in ummngup, said that the assult was clealy rove, ad thtte verdc of the juryimust beforthb plantif pontha cunt. They must say whether the plain. tif ha te rghtofentering upon the field, and whether thi deednt aehc nocsoyo nt fte on
COUBT of BAN7KRUPTCY, B 1ing7mstrc .TdY 5. D; IE BEILLAN. I (Beforc Mr. Commiaiaon,pr rTl TwTVn I ulhe bankrupt was a draper in Blackfriars-road. Air. Cenixy said, an adjournment of the certificate meeting had been ordered to this day, the assignees having expressed an intention to prefer a criminal indictment gag,ainst the bankrupt for obtaining goods witlin three months of his bankruptcy for other purposes than those of trade. No indictment had been preferred, and the bankrupt not being noNv present hs supposed there must be a further adjournment. The Co3LNass IoX.-Has the bankrupt absconded? Mr. CssruLxY.-I cannot say. He ias not been seen for some time. Mr. L, KLATER, for the assignees, submitted that there must be an adjournment sine die. His HoNouR concurred. Adjourned accordingly. - IX RE NVMLLL'r DODDS. The bankrapt wasan engineer, of the Imperial Ironworks, Wenlock-road, City-road. fiss accounts commence January, 1, 1854, with a deficiency of 1761., and close May 23, 1856, -with the following items :-Unsecured creditors, 5,5231., creditors holding security, 1,5251. ; liabilities, 1,9771. ; assets, about 1,7007. house and personal expeuses, 1,1841. This was the excamination meeting j- Mr. Lawrance supported, and Mr. Tippetts opposed. - The bankrupt passed. A second-class certificate was granted to J. Todd Merrick, of Lowther-arcade, Strand, and Chancellor's-road, Hammer. smith.
MSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, Jhtuy 5. hMr. Commissioner PmLLiPs was engaged to-day in dis posing of a number of petitions in which there was nothing of sufficient public interest to merit detailed report. in the case of John Naylor, who petitioned under the Protection Act to be relieved from debts amountin in the aggregate to 25SI., of which 1411. was due to various oan societies, with which tne insolvent, in conjunction with two other persons named Want and Read, had had transactions in the character of either borrower or surety, the learned ComaDrs-S sIo.YERs 4isinissed the petition, observing that a man who chose to become security for other people's debts -when he could not pa his own was not a fit person to be relieved nnder the Protection Act.
POLICB. GuiLDMaL.-Joaquim Sevilla, a Spaniard, was charged vith inciting fermann Deutsch, of 6, Carpenter'sbuildings, London-wall, to forge various documents and signatures, with intent to defraud the Government of Peru. The prisoner, on Friday week. waited on Deutsch, who is a lithographic printer, and asked if he could e.xecute facsimiles. He showed him some, and he said they were the -very things he wantegl, and gave him instructions to executo one fac-simile as a specimen. He subsequently called and wanted 110 or 125 names to be done to go on sheets of paper, which Deutsch agreed to do for SL. 10s. EHe brought st me sheets, purporting to be compensation certificates given bythe Government of Peru to entitle those whohadliberated slaves to a certain amount of compensation. He refused to give his name oraddress, saying he resided in the country, but -he paid a deposit of 41. On Tuesday he again came, and said, -instead of 125 names, he should want 1,500, and prisoner agreed to give him 181. for doing them. Witness, having his suspicions aroused, endeavoured to finid out a Peravian Minister or Consul, to give infonnation of what was going on, but being unable to do so he communicated with the city Police. He refused to let the prisoner taste any of the sheets away uutil the whole were paid for; the result of which was that he agreed to let the whole remain there - until the work was fluished, and came daily to see how it progressed. He subsequently wanted witness to fill in the amounts to the documents. He called for the last time about 2 o'clock yesterday, wvhen he was taken into custody. The prisoner expressed his inability to understand the evidence against him without an interpreter, and was consequently remanded. WEs.NrnzsMt-Twobrothers, named James and-Jeremiah Callaghan, robust, powerfalmen, wvere charged with violently bcating.and kicking George Beck, a fisimonger, carrying on business at 6. Great Chapel-street, Westminster and Sarah his wife. The latter was not in attendance, and the following certificate was put in to account for her absence:- " Satuirday, July 5. "This is to certify that Sarah Beck, of 5, Great Chanelstreet, Westminster, who is pregnant, and in her fourth month, is now under my care, suffering from recent severe bruises, and unable to leave her bed. " It PxvxMn."I The husband stated that he had had some previous knowledge of thb defendant Jeremiah by his coining to his shop a short time ago, and leaving without paying for what' he had had. On I riday evening he repeated his visit, and; asked for a pennyworth of pickled eels, which complainant refusedtose-ve unlesshepaidforthemon delivery. Eindingthathe could not get them without' the money, he cleared the counter of a number of saucers, which he broke, and was then about to leave the shop when complainant got in the doorway to prevent him,'and sent for a police constable. The other defendant then rushed into the shop, and both of them attacked complainant in the most ruffianly way. His vife, finding them kicking him as he lay on the floor, went to his assistance, when they attacked her with equal violence; and then renewed the assault upon complainant, who was bruised all over. Mr. PAYxyER inquired what the defendants had to say in answer to the charge. The defendant Jeremiah said he did'nt see any reasonwhy they should refuse to trust him with the eels, and that the complainant committed the first assault. The other declared that, seeing a scuffle between his brother and the fishmonger, he merely went in to put a stop to it. 'Mr. PAYNTER ohserved that, owing to the condition of Mfrs. Beck, it vas impossible to say wvat might be the consequences, and he should therefore remand the defendants for a week. WORSUIIPSThEns.Mzrr. George Smith, a builder, residing at Bow, was charged with creating a disturbance and threateningto shoot Mr. Bartramflooper, a gentleman of Sproperty, residing at Eec-cottage, in the same neighbour- The defendant, it appeared, was engaged in some building transactions, and, missing some timber or woodwork, for some reason imagined that one of the complainant's servants had lodged it in their master's premises, And he insisted upon searching theni to ascertain the -fact. Complainant declined permitting this, but assured the defendant he was entirely mistaken, and the defendant at the time seemnbd to have gone away. At 5 the same afternoon, however, while the complainant was out for a walk, to'e defendant again presented himself, and, exasperated at the refusal just mentioned, rushed at him, as sbe complainant described it, in such an outrageous manner that, to escape soma serious personal violence, he was obliged to retreat, defeudhilg himself all the way as w. ell as he could-with his stick, unutil several of the neighbonrs interpoald for hia - protection, and enibledahii-to get into his house. -At 8 the same evening, while seated in his arlour, he heard a di5turbance in the front of his house, and on iooking throagh the, blind was alarmed at seeing thle defendant With a double barrelled gun in his hand, and accompanied by one of hismen, endeavourinz to-make his way in at the garden gate.. He conducted himself in the most outrseeus-namner, made use of very disgusting language, repeafeily threatened to do for him if he could catch sight of him, and his condct -was'altogether so alarming, trom ihis bein also at the time in a state of intoxication, that while the defendant was endeavouring to discover the gate-fastening in front, he 'de. spatched the housemaid at the rear fora constable, andgave him in charge. The defendant, who appeared to have sstained some-very rough usage fromthe complainant's stick, contended that he -had undoubtedly the greatest cause of grievance. A few wordspased between them about his missing property, and he&acknowledged that in the course of them he told the eomplainant in ajocular way that he nevcr saw a man wearing a beard like his, unless le, was a foreigner, who was not either a knave or a fool This, though not so intended, gave the complainantgreatoffence; and-hehadnot only, in return, abused him soundly and had him locked up aU ll iht but " bludgeoned" him withhis stick to such a scand ous degree that his head was in an awful state, and his arms and body not much better; While smarting under this ill-usage 'he, in a state of excitement, again went to the complainant's house, provided this time with a gun, but the gUn was -not loaded, and he had merely taken it to excite the complainant's fears and prevent his being again assailed in such an outrageous manner. The complai sat said he did not wish to press the case -with undue severity, but he must entreat to be Protected against the use of such w;eapons as the defendant - had threatened him with. The defendant, who laboured under great excitement throughout, and even before the magistrate still threatened the:complainant, was ordered to enter into recoguizauces to the amount of 1001. for his peaceable behaviour, andleft the court expressing his determinationuto bring an action forthwith. SowTrniiws-Emily 2Morris and Louisa James, two flashily-dressed young women of questionable character, were brought before Ilr. Cosans charged with stealing two 10. Bank of England notes aud eight sovereigns from the person of Wililam Ward, a non-commissioned officer in the Land Transport Corps. - - -The prosecutor, a fine-looking young man, with large mioustachios and beard, said that he had recently returned from the Crimea, after un-dergoing considerable hardships with the British army. On Tuesday morning he received a smm of money from the War-office, and afterwarda went to ase some friends at the West-end. - Unfortunstely he par. tGok too freely of the liquids and got locked up at a policestation, there himself and 'property were- taken great care of. On the following morning he was taken before the magistrate at Marlborough-street Police-court, when, after paymg the usual fee for drunkenness, he was discharged, aid - the -whole - of his money, consistng of two -10l.-notes and eight sovereigns, was given up to him by the constable who had him in custody. The prisoner Mlorris was also charged at the same court with drunkenness, and being liberated at the -same time they went away n a cab together and had i regular spree; -They had cabs and drink, andin the evening they arrived at the prisoner's lodgings, Cornwall-cottage, Caornw a-road, Lanmbeth, where he discharged the cabman and enteired the house with Morris. he remained with her all night, and on the following morning he missed his purse, and after looking about the room he perceived his purse empty lying on the floor. The other prisoner was in tve- house andhad joined tnhem in drinking, and een ho discovered his loss he asked them both 'about the money, which they denied all know ledge of. He then left the house and rave information to the police, and on Friday nght he gave the prisoners nmto custody. They were searched' as well as the house; but 3mne of the money hadbeen found. Witness had been driaking, ao that it would be impossible for- him to swear that the prisoniers robbed him. - ' ' ' ' - - Mr. COBaE said that there was nothing to detain theoprisoners; therefore they must be discharged. He should advise the urosecutor to proceed immediately to the Waroffice and byt the number of the notes, and afterwards comnmuncate with the police. He hoped his loss would act as a caution to him for the future. LArasm-BETe.Rbert Hawkins, a constable belonging to theP diviscion of polece, NTo. 39Z, was brought before the magistrate by order of Sir Richar-d Mayne, on a charge of assaulting Mrs. Catharine Brooker, a married woman, under somewhat peculiar circumstances. The complainant, a rather good-looLing young woman, said she resided at No. 29, Pitt-street, Old Kent-road, anid was the wife of Henry Brook-er, a fellowship porter at Billin¢geate-mark-et. Her husband's business required him to go out very early in the morning, and the defendant Was ini the habit of calling him. On the morning of the Saturday before her husband got up at about half-past 4, and, as he expectedi to return in a short time, and did not wish to disturb her when he came hack, he left the street door ajar. Shortly after she was alarmed by -finding the defendant in his uniform by her bedside, and on asldng him what he wanted there, he said, ' It's all right, my dear, don't make a noise," and at the same time put his hand on her. She instantly jumped but of bed, and desired him to go about his business< and pushed hbi from her bedroom into the pasage. The defendant tried to pushhis wayinagain, but she toldhimthatif he didnot instantly go about his business she should go to the stationhouse and report himi there; and he then left. On theTreturn of her husbeud she made himL acqguainted wit the -defondant's c:onduct; and this led to the present inquiry and I h2e,pl,to the questions of the defendant the witness admitted that she had conversed with him in the street, and that she might have told him she had been a cook in a gentleman's family before her marringe, but denied saying she was very partial to policemen. At this period of the cross-examination fr. Solomons entered the court and said that, having been retained on behalf of the defendant, heregretted not having been there sooner. When made acquainted with the outline of the case the learned gentleman declined pursing the defendant's course of cross-examination, but elicited from the complainant that the lodgers in 'he house got talldng about the rffair before she mentioned it to her husband, and that her bedroom door, as well as the street door, had been left ajar. On getting this admission Mr. Solomons veryinganiously argued that the defendant, as avigilant officer, had done no more than his duty, which was, on finding both doors open, to go in and arouse the inmates and make them acquainted vith the fact. In doing this Mrs. Brooker mistookhis object, and very properly ordered him out of the place. He (rffi-. SDlomons)understood the defendant bore a most excellentecharacter, and, in addition to this, he begged to mention the fact that his client had been but recently married to a respectable young womar. Mr. Lund, his superintendent, and Mr. Worrell, his inspector, gave the prisoner an excellent character, and both declared that he was the very last person in the force -who they thought would be guilty of impropriety of conduct. Mr. ELLBoT observed that there could not be the slightest doubt of the defendant's intention and grossn misconduct, and to justify his baseness ho had resorten to themaan subterfuge of assailng the character of her hehad so shamefully insulted. The sentence of the Court-was that he pay a jpenalty of Sf., and in default of payment suffer one month's imprisonment.
I 'THE TRANSPORT SERVICE. TO TBE EDITOR OF THE TMES. Sir,-At a time when the country is occupied in showering pronmotions, medals, orders, and honours of all kinds on the army and navy, as just and well-earned rewards for their valour and patriotism, and for their unffinchirg fortitude under the most trying circumstances, it would not, perhaps, be amiss to put in a plea for another service without which the army would have perished altogether during the awrful wzinter of 1854-I need scarcely sayI allude to the transport service. T-3hat service conveyed not only our own army, hut a large portion of the French, Turkish, and Sardinians to the field of hattlea It fed, clothed,, and housed our troops; carried the unfortunate sick and wounded frm the blood-stained heights and the miserable tent to the hospitals of Scutari; brought Miss Nightingale and her heroic companions to soothe pain and rmnister to the sufferings of our devoted soldiers. Of the unceasing attention of both men and officers to the comfort and well-baing of the troops vhile on board, whether sick, wounded, or in health of their being frequently (in the execution of their duty) exu3osed to the enemy's fire; of their having, to the number of 3,000, volunteered to defend the heights of Balaklava at a time when an attack was momentarly expected; of the immense number of horses brought from all parts of the Mediterranean and Buxine, and landed on the shores of the Crimea; of the stores of materials huts, &c., sent out from England in those ships, I need say but little. Your wide-spread columns are the iaperishable evidence of the truth of my statements; my own experience only serves to convince me of the fact that -witfout the press our army wvould hardly have survived the horrors of the first winter rbut, though the press roused the nation to a sense of the sufferings of their army, the transport service was the motive power that made that rousing beneficially felt out in the Crimea and I trust that you will lend your valuable aid in the cause of those .who had all the drudgery, and who shared the danger but none of the glory of the campaign. Let us have some token, however slight, to show that our services have not been counted as nought. I remain. Sir. vour obedient servant. LATE A TRANSPORT ORFICER. Caxlible, Jutly 4.
SALE or PoIsoXs.-A case of death at Bolton, caused by the imProper administration of tartarized antiinony, his led to the revelation of a most extraordinary practice which appears to have existed among the druggists in that town, and whieh may very probably have caused more deaths than the one which was the subject of inquiry before a coroner's inquest yesterday. One of the witnesses, a drag"iat and -grocer, stated in evidence that he was in the habito. selling emetic powders, containing four and five grains of tartarnzed antimony, which he kept ready made up, without any written or printed directions for use, and whinh he sold with no other precaution than a verbal direction to the purchaser to be very caref'ul of them, and to divide each powder into four or five doses ! These powders, he stated, were called "quietness," and were usually sold to women who said that their husbands had been drinking le did not remember ever selling one of these powders to a man ! And this practice of selling dangerous medicines does not appear to have been confnedto thedrug and grocery shop of Mr. James Rowland Sinpson, the witness in question, but to be quite common in Bolton. Those who are aware of the extremely powerful and dan,erous action of the medicine which was thus put, without restraint or sufficient direction, into the hands of ignorant women -will probably be of opinion that the powders thus carelessly disposed of were not inappropriately named "quietness;" for their administration was by no means unlikely to terminate in the quiet of the grave. Tartarized antimony, or emetic tartar, as it is commonly called, is, in fact, not only a powerful medicine, wholly unfit to be dealt wlth by ignorant persons, but, wbhn carelessly or wickedly administered, an exceeding'y dangerous poison. It is a. poison vhich appears to have been extensively employed by Palmer in his extraordinary career of crime; and there seems to be not the slightest doubt that it was the agent which he employed in causing the death of his wife. That such a dangerous drug should have been sold in the reckless manner which appears to have prevailed at Bolton, especially at a time when so much has recently happened to inspire vigiiance and care in dealing with poisons and dangerous medicines, is certainly somewhat extaordinary, and we are glad to see that the jury, in theirverdict, stamped the practice with their decided reprohiu.-Ma chat- Guardian. 1HOBSES AND COAR AGBS.-A retun, moved for by the Lord }L Grosvenor, MLP., shows that in 1854 there were 05,491 carriages with four wheels paying taxes, 127,3>83 carriages with two wheels, and 432,740 horses of all sizes, The total ameot of asanckwas 582,2534,
THE COLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS. The annualoration, in accordance with the bequest of Dr. Harvey, the founder of the College of Phvsicians, was delivered on Saturda,, in the library of the Wolege, Pallmall-ea7t, bY Dr. Hamilton Roe, in the presenee of a la nmnber ofthe memb;rs and felows of the CoDege aud various distinguished viaitors. Dr. Paris, the President of tho College, occupied the chair. The learned orator, who delivered his oratiou in Lfatin, comnmencedby giving: a sketch of the state of medical science and of its proeress during the earliest periods of history, msking honourable mention of some of the most eminent of the Greek and Arabian physicians, whose researches and whose genius had enabled them to determine and to lay down the lirst principles of the important science of public health. The researches of those eminent men had, however, been greatly obstracted, and their efforts paralyzed by the circumstance that the religions feeling of the timesin which th.ay lived prohibited anatomical, dissection. Passing onto later ages, the learned orator traced out tbe progress of medical science at Bologna and other continental universities, and to the researches of the physicians of that day which laidl the foundation for a scientific culture of the art of healing, and referred to the approach made to the knowledge of the circulation of the blood by Servitas, which, imperfect as it was, still had proved of great importance. It remained for the transcendant genius of the immortal Hervey to throw light upon that imperfect knowledgi, and to demonstrate the acteal course of the blood, indicating, with an eye almost divine, the consequences of his important and fundamentald discovey discovery whieh had affected, medical science as mucs as the discovery of the law of gravitation by Newton had affected the science of astronomy. The learned orator, after giving a short sketch of the life and career of Harvey, dwelt upon the advantages which the college founded by hiin had conferred upon the public generally, and upon the medical profession bv fostering and promoting its honour, status, and usefulness, and expressed a strong conviction that the Medical Bill now before Parl;ament would, if passed into law, be subversive of the high tone, gentlemanly feeling, and far-reaching' efforts of individuals, and would ultimately lead to the ruin of the college, and to the extinction of that grade of physicians which had so materially upheld the character of medicine as a learned profession, as distinguished from a grovelling trade. The learned orator concladed by paying a high tribute to the private and pro. fessional character of Dr. Munro and Dr. P. Chambers, whose deaths during the past year the college had had to deplore. (The learned orator was much applauded at the termination of his adetress.) In the evening a dinner was given by the feUows of the college to commemora te the 200th anniversary of Iarvey's gift to the college of his patrimonial estate, and the 300th of thepresentationby Dr. Caius, the president, of the insignia of that office, and of the :irst convivial meeting of the fellows. The dinner, which wa, provided by the Messrs. Staples, of the Albion, in their best style, was laid out in the haU of the college, where covers werelaid forupwardsof 100 persons. The chair was taken by Dr. Paris, and amon- the visitors were the Bishop of Chester, theBishop of Bath and Wells the Dean of St. Paul's, the Provost of Oriel, Dr. Whewell, Lord Weusleydale, lo:yd Justice Turner, Mr. Baron Ald son, Mr. Justice Wiohtman, Mhr. Justice Cresswell, the Right hEon. the ;ord. Mayor, SireJ. Graam, the Right Hon. of. . Gladstone, Sir W. eathote, Sir G. IiddellD Sir Roderick M nrchisen, Colonel Boldero, Sir Benjamin Brodie, Mr. Headlayn, Mr. Rounded Palmer, Mr. Wigrans, After the usual loyal toasts had been duly drunek The Pnr siDrnxr preposed " the Church," a compliment which was acknowledged by the Bishop of Chester. "fthe Armypand Navy' found renresentatives in the pe sons of Captain BolderA and Sir G. W L ddeled pe The PsJrs Gzt r, in proposing "th o House of Lords and the Honse of Commonst " referred to the support which the college had always recenved from Parliament, and e.xpressed a hope that it weould not now withdraw that speport by ag,reeing to the Mledical Bill at present before it-a bill which would have the ultimate effect of runimng the College of Physicians, which had he ventured to assert been of the greatest possie 'e advantage to the public and to tho medical profession,. The Bishop of BATs and " sm replied for the House of L ords. Sir J. GuiceTumr, in returning thanks for the Hnouse of Commons, said that thet body had aGlays, as the President had remarked, extnded its support to the College of Physi. cians. Th eCollege of Physicians had done nothing to forfeit that confidence, and he was sure that it was the desire of the House of iCommons not to destroy ancient and meritehiousinstitetiors butte engraftmodern improvements The other toasts were, "the Judges," acknowledgedby Lord Justice Turner;* " the Lord Mayor;" " the Universities ;" acknowledged by Mlr. Gladstone;* "the President of the College ;" "the Co:lege of Surgeons ;" "'the Standing Counsel." The company separated shortly after 1l o'clock.
SimcuETiEo1 T. uRAwN .-England and France are legislating in contrary directions on the important subject of commercial association. England no longer restricts the employment of the money of many with the responsibilit.y of all, having semn the necessity of relaxing a rigour in this respect which prevented poor men from assaciating their smal capital, and favoured too much the mononoly of the rich. France, on tie other hand, has found the disadvantage in its present circumstances of two great a degree of liberty; and the Emperor has been compelled to abridge, by a very severe law, the facilities for the formation of anonymous companies. Bothl countries may undergo inconvenience from meddling with so great and universal an agent as money, but the motives operating in both cases ae manifest enough. The continued division of propertv in France is such that hardly anything can be done thero by individual capital or enterprise, whereas in England the means of employing small capitals has borne no proportion whatevsr to the facilities for creating them. In England las existed, time out of mind, a larae and important class, possessed of enterprise and knowledge, both of whieh they devoted to the cultivation, quiteapartfrom the p(ssession, of the soil. Thecapital gained and accumulated in their thrifty hands has been for the greater part employed in the same industry and the same calling; and one has but to look round with pride on the results of such individual enterprise and skdll, applied to the soil of England. France, on the contrary, has no such race. Whatever tendency may have existed in its corresponding class to farm was prevented, first, by the aristocracy, who would neither give freedom nor fair conditions ; and secondly, by the revolution. The cultivator of the French sail is its possessor, who, assailed by all the cares and temptations of proprietorship, seldom or ever is able to make land a foundation for commereial enterprise cr formoneymaking. Heliveson it, and that suffices. At every death one brother seeks to buy the portion of the other, and runs into debt to do so. Instead, therefore, of the cultivator having money to employ on the land, he is oblige i to extract money to pay interest on borrowed capital and to feed himself besides. This created a system of its own, and a bad system, no doubt; still it went on in a regular channel, and with certain ascertainable esults. All who had money, or who could save moneyinthe provinces, l ent it to the landed proprietor as long as he could pay interest, and when he could no longer do so the rustic capitalist became proprietor himself, his children becoming indobted in their turn. All this machinery, however, has beeen destroyed, and all these habits broken in upon, sinee the rise and extension of commercial enterprises in shares, which have absorbed not merely the money of the town capitalist in speculation, but also that of the provinciaL In addition to the railroads, which of course interested each locality and carried off great part of its money, Government itself appeared with its loans, and gathered un;a the savings of the peasant, who, on seeing the funds rise, sbnd realizinga little profit, straightway acquired the greed for stockjobbing. The result of this, and of its consequen es in multiplying socidjts en com7nandiee and anonymous companies, has been entirely to carry away the fund hitherto reserved for the necessities of the agriculturist. In shert, what between failure of crops and dearth of money, increased taxes and prices and inadequate production, the numerons class of French landed proprietors are in deplorable condition. To arrest the madness of speculation, to cause to flow back to the rustic rivulet the capital which has rushedl into the great town channels, forms now one of the great solicitudes of the Inperial Govermnent; and well it may, for it?own measures and domestic oUtlay have immensely developed and augmented the eviL Hence all tbe laws submitted lately to the so-called legislative bedy, for giving millions to draining, for checkmg the erection of companies with capital in shares, and so on. All are efforts in the direction of meeting an. evil most directly created by the Government itself. The Imnpserial system has drained the country of its men and its money, both of which it has tempted to migrate to the towns. Were all such industrius gamblers and speculators,, indeed, really prosperous, one might in time see the money realized by them Pour back in a fertilizing stream upon -;he country. But either the hour has no t arrived, or the gsmbling is not really prosperous. There is a vast difference between the genuine enterprise which creates wealth, and the mock one which consists in robbing it from one's dupes and neighbours. There is great exipenditure in France, cspecially in Paris; there is great activity, great increase of prices, most abundant accumulating o salaries ; in a wosd, there are all the external sians of prosperity. But every one can see that nothing of This_ reposes on a solid basis-on the real creation or economy of wealth; and it remains too be seen whether the laws by which it is now sought to check the mania of speculation will bring any effectual reniedy for the gigantic and growing FA&rarourn.Tho Thetis, Prussian frigate, Captain Surder,vale, and the Ainaone, Prussian cor'vett'e, captain Kuhin, arrived off this port on Thursday from Dantaic, bound totheBirazils. The forinervwas originallythe English frigateof the same nams, and the caulse of mauch animnadversion when excbanged for some gunboats at the commencement of the war with Russia. These vessels are in very efficient order and equipment, andi soon after anchoring exchanged the usual salutes with the garrison of Pendennis. The screw transport Progress, Nlo. 208, after coalin0, resumed her voyage from the Black Sea for Spithead osi' Thursday. It was rumoured that the Thetis and Amazone would remain at Falmouth for the expected arrival of the Prince of Prussia in a steam frigate. The E lectra, Captain Cayser, arrived off this port on the 3d inst. from Calcutta iLnd the Cape of Good Hope, and landed foar passengers-Mr. Jerran, Mr. Scott, late Paymasterofthe China fleet, andtwoladies. The Electra left Calcutta on thc 5th of March, and the Cape on the 4th of May, and reports that to the 3d of May no out. break on the Caffre frontier had taken place. Her fMajesty's steam-frigatePenelopehad sailedfromtheCape to fetchtroops fmmto Muritus,and 1lcr Majesty's ship Caster had s fom Table Bay, tadkig 300 men of the 73d Regiment to land at .Algoa Bay. TJIE RESrGoATION OF THaE BISeop OF DuxAM..- The Durhamn Advsl.er sers-" We believe we are correct in stating that the first intimation that the Bishop of Durham had of Lord Paimerston's intention to introduce a bill to enable him immed iately to resign his see was the report of his Tordship: answer to Mr. Gregson's question, 'which appeared in thenelespapersof Tuesday last1 "[We suppose it arer would hLtve occurred to tIre bishop to sin.
SALES BY AUOTION. Frenmh SLate3.-Sale Withdra.n. ,ESSRS. ROBiNS beg to informn the public thbt W EA. the SALE of FRENCH SLATES-T drertized to take place nn Tuesday next, the 5th inst., ii WIETDR.AWN.-Co7entvgrden, .Jruy4, 1656. Quarterly Sale of Bools Paintingo. &C. R. JOHN:SON will SELL, at the City Auction RJ Booms, 9, Gracechurda-street. T-IS DAY (Mondayl. July 7, and folowing I dsa t'hrou ghout thae week, a Large ASSE MB LAGE ot PROPERTY, including1Of,OO rolumes If hooks, ancientand modern paintings, munical instrsnents, in cottage and piecolo pianafottes, seraphines, mathematical instruments, and numerouns oter effeets. Maida-hill-teaseholda. n,TESSRS. BAILEY aud SON beg to announce that MJJ LOTS 1 and 4, viz., No. 10, HamBion-terrace, andthe large Plot of Ground, with one stLable and loft at the rear. mewe, not having bcen SOL)Dat tae auction heldby them at the WIart. on the 19th ult., they are desirous of Treating for the 3ane by Private Contract, on very moderate terns.-42. YooDd-strWet city. July, 1SSS. Deairmble Fr2eholds, City-road-And Leasebold, Hoxton. 1[. H. STANTONwill SELL by AUCTION, at U k Garrawas's. on Tnesday,-Jnly 22, at 12 fori T1, brf ick--built DWEol-VG-XOua SE. re os. 42 and 43. ylestmoreland-plaea, CitSroad, welt adapted for a waptc maker's or je0elers 5 anrl with in a feew mniutes' EWalk of Ni sbury-scnare. Als6 a Dw.lling-o gie and Conier Shop. H6. eMrray-atreet, Shoxton, held for a long term at a ground rent. Particulre mnay fhortyroe hxand wrod-Auction offia c Arndetstrcht. Pentonvi Uc. lEotice-Valuahle Freehold and CoPyhold Estates, also0 leasehold Estates. held for unexpired terms from nO toG years. at pappintem Lndvery loagroundrent, toNs, t iillplaserso purchasers, indavei W tR. NEWBOr E beys respectfully to give not-ce to cthe numerous inquorera that lbz whole of the following PrOPERTIES wvere SOLD, at the Auction.on Thur-day last.stAlnte at Barnet. Hes;T Iligh-treet, Shoreditch: Hackney-felds fLshoenmie. Old-etaect-coad. BhLekfrisrs-road. and Walwf6ortlu-Auction offices, S. Church-rose. Upper-street, Islinzton. ToPrinters and Printere' Brokers. W LEW1IS and SO1f, ait frs'apasr and ..uc- Fleetn treet, on Eriday. July 11, Tat 11 on Ted.i 15.LatINt_ !iA!ETi'ILs,r consistingof typefofnrlc wosb.lood letter, framnes. racks,hases,iron andmsrlle surface,eren Aibion and Colaumbianpresoos caihsdsigal tuLing tables, three lithognraphic presses, tw o cu:tting machi nes, arming mare, AtIsol pres3, capital Sin. bydr^auiic by ehopeinson and Copei glansonanrds, gathering boards. rc To be viered the day precediinr and oraing of sale. Cataeoguesf with printedienl of the type. meyhaden the prises andof the auctioneers,. 2I. Finch-lnac. Corohill. TotBoatthec. Furnitare-deAlere. and others. M,R. G. H. MARTIN is instructed by t'he Proortmode-.(biatAto proeed to ustraliae) to ShLL by A dsUo highroad.h at Ps3.ing-street, Bateensea, on TIIedth. adjyc 15. at12 the LEASE, wiith poassesion. oE the abovo desirable Pmosmf cSlet together withisf eGoodwlliof the old-estainsfhed Bnisofes, for mtyany years carried on therein;~ also the datores aDd isopler2nenl in tnade, uscEfl pony, two esr4 household fParnituar, and sunMry effects The presises nay he oielted any time prior, and the effects on the morning af sale. CatalogNes on the preidses, andb t e r. G. Ha . MrAtin'u oEtce, Stannd p 3, Coie crote street,nSua d eld, wehee the lease may he Snapccte& TottenU.np-Verysuerior Spansion and 11 acre of Poeastre (Irnotdse producg, e eaease r s e rsanhum, foe iE short teSm,ni ith con sideable reversionary exrpetancy. RR. J MARSMADUE aATTHEWB S will submit to -N SALUCTION, At the Msfart, on Fridey, A lutl. al that vern essperiermodern-huio t FAmLYita SIOT , placed Dinhe upwarrds of 11 acres of pleasure grounds, gardtensh o.I ae agreeable d-itance from the hightroad, at Pategreen,Totenhms, poessoing ll theadcrets of a gentleuan's establlshment, and jbstly considered the meet womoplet residencreithigeavotredlocanity: ineithinfoer miles of the city and verynear the railwtyrst,ton. Psaticlars and plane at b Mr. i attheows' offices. Old Jes-sy. ao. 42. Torriano-uerrsce. Glocester-clece, ltcntisb4v;n, ne1 r u th Preck nyeck Aers.-BsceDent Household Furniture, Linen, and E:dects.- AeIslute and ulnresermed Sa le. 1 SSRS. GREEN and SOX cvill SELLu bv Aso C- LLLTION on the tFeemsse, as above. on Th edresd dsy. JJ v 9 at 14 forl precisely, the genuine and nearly newv HOUTSeOLD FU1ls-A Tslue; comprising eNos.ient SpTnish mahogany four-pest and other bedsteads, feather beds, horsebairmattresses Spanish meatogany and masble-topwash-stans,lm dressnc-glaases, chests of malsoga.ny draweri, brillant p ate chimjncy-glasses, Brusels carpete, rugs, mahogand ronch, set of Spanish aletgatn6y diamBA room chaDes, easy chairs. mahogany dining tables a nearly new, aupprirr, and brillirnt toned 6ttetave cottagepinnoforte, inrichiyca rvdwalnut-lreocase by Sprague, Drin4;, beaks, chin, p lass, Lo My be viewced day pior and mornin of eal., and e.talogiues ad on the promisns; and at the guctionieers' of res, 18, datton-garden. Itiuster. Sheppy, Kient.-Valuable and desirable Leashold lTaem. 1UE3SSRS. J A CBSON and BASSE3TT will offer for LU.s SAIEEbgpublliTcfJlrFogq. at the Iloyal Hotel. Sbeesness, on F?riday, July 11, at 3 iD the af ternoon . in one lot, all thast rich, prodisotive, and most desiratbly sitoats .eESTATE, called ])auley 1'ari, in the lsOrish of Minsler, in the I'le of Sheppy, and wi.thin a ver,y short dintanse of the town ef Sheerness Itcons isl of SS31 cres or 1hereahouts, of capital graznog and arable land, with roomy and conveeniet fes-i-houss, excellent da'ry, bern, barn-yard, granary. wageon and cart lodge, and other conveniences. The efstate Ia held under lease frm the Masrter. Brothers, and Sisters of St. Xath rine's Hoslpital for thoe =idue of a term2 of 21 veers, commenecdng from lMirhselmas,lS53,at a rept of *S5 per anmunm. The lease is renewable bycustom every seecn years. The property, from its psecliarly eligible ponitlen. is wre'llworihy of attention, wenetberS or investment Or occupation. The estate mnay be viewved on applic2ation to Tcrs.Try, on the premies and posesceion vr.Ube givren on coinpletlei of tbe sle, A corsiderMbeportion of the purehase maney may remnain on mortgage.. Further particulars, writh conditions of sale, may be hadit d.ays eeisonly thereino at the of oee of Mr. Thomas HilLl, solisitor. at }.ilton next Slttinebotune and Chathass; the Rtose Inn, Canterbury^: the Newr lnn, Grave--end; the Royal Hotel. liheerness ; and of the aurtEaneer. itt8iffnzbo3rne, Very dcsirable heaehoid Estates, and an isopreved (Ironed Ber.t of £18 per annmm, by direction of of the Adminuietralsix of John Thorn .rm:.. deceased. - :S SRS.XEEMPbavereceived instructions to SELL, Xt|by AUCTZION. at the Marrt. on Thureday, July 17, at 12, the foliessing meet euiibin PIOPEItTY. for investment :-Lot 1. A nuperinor ltesidencs,.Ko.1. Tuabrlige-PlereD, ew-rood. let at £65s per an3num; unexpired tem90years: ground rent £2i. Lot 2. A flouss and bhop.lfo. 27, Carl:urton-street.Fltror-tequare; unnexpired term 31 yearns; ground rent £3. T6he purchaser can bare inumedjatepsases,loc: Lot:S. TFne adJoini3z Premise, held for the ramo term; ground rent r6 pHer annm, let at£&2. Lot4. A Dwelllng.House. No. 19, Cirenoeeterplace,- let at £40 per annains; unmepire termz 34i yrs: groun.d rect£SfPerannme. Lot5. Two excellent Resid'ences, Ncr.17andl2, Oanosbrry-sise, ITamiecton, and piee vof g,round in-~herear unexpired term 31 yea; let at £11S ner annum; ground rent £12 Is LotS. Anirap cored Greund Bent of £Slerslnulns aising. fromNon. 25 ard 21. Bidhorough-strest, Bssrtn-ereeee-t; behld or nunerxpire termnof fSOyas a st £3:510. per annumn. Lot7. Twro Hlouses. 1oe,29 and 30. Judd-sOrest, Brucawlck-aFara; untxPireil ferm 50 years; grounadrent £21. Onehotmselsunder.eased atZ2l perananum, lean the other free of grond, rent. Pactioulara and, cen5ltiens sI day prior to the MIs ae te3 Went of T. W. NSeleon. El., e"liiets,.^ Ciak-io*K Ona-:t .ett; ang3lea -ctlogacr , Julgec,- Stfod-llL~~en Imoe Ifo=ah& Fmritur, China,k Gl06 in8.Ructjona to SLL by .A.UUTX12e,ou thu TtrnsimM~oo4Ilads Bai ge-Ilue, Stamford- Tro.sorrllW,July -lt1 I e4afty superior modem ROU8 L)UWTSZad W'd coarisag iabgny Arabian and Other bedsteads and beddis -1=drawers, marbhktop wash standS1 and. litltkiag, drEsEing tables and glames, and the nilcwb apedage. elegat drawtrc rom suite in roeewood.aompeislnglOsxni Lb andoilecorar coc-ches, calrd, chess and othr tables, nine 00,ciN=y ia~ other glatrm, caLpital SpanLsh mahogan pedeeta Tidi-boar with plate-glas back-minahgzssexten~ding diametebles with circular- edA.-BMruaso~-- Tis-key ad other carPeta'and TuA, fenders and -fine -iros, eta or darnonir aund other window curtains and oondo,* anld the .=Iaa apedAe of the domestic oMDis cbhia and glws, garden imfller- nuemts, a quantity of Ponltry-, and miesellanalous effect&Ma beL vieoed th day prSviomuand morning of sle. C4vAlogue o~ndOtt yard, TePle-:bar. SuffiL-Fehld Lnd near Bsa-y95t,Zf,und`s. acdSP CE 'will. 'SILL valuable PLOT of FREEHOLD - An , wihtw ota- theen irAteCtTrON,eto tp mile f"romtThEUrston StL2atI2n,bandirecen fromi otliem Sotg Ernnde. a evrej bn pavrbigalt scWiLco drlons of gsule hav-nt theplbta of 90fet byaye, frarne a'. foiitrsectpe to chambern, aletstree aucind ttee actns offices, 42.D yr, Tamll-yard. gresinhoutreoevemet. ES S.SPILL'A ad SPENCE wsl SELL b ILACTIO.N, at ltha Marti,on Thursday. July 2t, at 12,1 capditar- tloe of thec Atrmgaes, btanticable d FimpEocin biricltura,lt flWLL- plte,-HwUS situabe,-yinl rud a z-cpttAe of tsiecrooms, 0despyintig-atnplot of irnd thra~ ihra depth of ol0feetay nafrotae fcwa iTafemtt. andndeing 6,li lOaliy er, bld fo-tet drelpra99 ews atolo giroiaundt West. matinsie. aybm iwd.mntcuaad conditions of aeathMrt oGonVaisale hdaT.- the Matrt; of Sle-mn,Js. Aldrldeyan Ersqle. soltors 17, SasIAury-suare, Crsdeeistreu; and at theaunet!oneLrs offices, 421. Bell yard, Temple-baLr. Uppr 1olowa.- co thoct LemervldE.tteo Seven SELLrct ESE.SPILLTAtAN randI SPEN CE ilSL .ibY.AUOTION. at the blart, on Thuraday. July 3d. at 12 i ceyapia Dthe. SBrauckremsaruablyteati endTiposin RSIDENCESn-, plartlysoa plete,well stualein Rn sv.irkSlain Brunswick-road, n htig. Ton-Brewersnd theic s-Uper Htoloway,nAcerthy .srehwstaed anDundeniaabel;ihlfryee.togroundrents 3fESSP.S. SPILLMlAN ancl SPENCE, 'wvil SELL b _tbATOTIONI.at tImeMa:t. on Tlurasday. July21 at 12,T in sEven EriEsaEH and beigoSTAT, 4ou.50. 52.h Sinten.ded S inb obouseirand, naeurthe Wttno ton astone, Uraswker Holloa, substantiallay hitk-bulit 8-itrut of sitale had ate cohe- omast ofG,ic-gae Can ruislw Req. ens coo c iOns ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ard on ltc-otseand te.asern,dinaes,eniprtan osgitionforts-ado Capetdlirt IE SSRS. SPILL]NIAINraTd SPENCE wil SELLb byAUCTION, at the fart, on Thusdfaay, July 24 aLt 12, an folur ITavr, bnw astio the Bruns-ck Aeen, aOU substantial endick-buint srctureado, welledadnsslzi ituatea h onro rnwc-pladein and- 1 B2.swCk. rand7, inea t-esbttino-sterane, at Uper-od Hotllowayh. alet tllrf-cd tImi' grow etsamuning inttefe mo :S9nce s portsadsul; . held fo =1em ff3 ya-s.l aca low gre.vandenv. ay ed viewed,l andca,siticonas don-al dtososaehad at 'hee Marl; of George arlisl. Esq., onlicitor,2,Bsn,alEre 8. Ji.o-aer; of J.. weelcyor 2eq solicitor. 17. Geisorge-sarlsre. End. sot. the Seiocer-' fies.an at.r?lrsd ThemplUnwe-bar.1-Belad lfteln Ith.Lssolde Estat~ibes, veryseigibley Intresal(htslit j'JE SSRS. SPILLTNAN and SPEINCE wfil SELL- by A~UCTIO'N, at thei Mart, on Thureday, July24. at 1. n ou diLetoisb dieton ohe thigee.i tolortages tbOUluabletna b.rickboTs moem RIIWARLLISC-HUSESTo whel irsolvedanda aSIled oaicfor30e coutsandlong wallnedes gar4Ders eligiblyo sitist,ed bfeingelat Mom, 2.i6 twiants, ath erute aofhsuntiing to r,99mpts,sperrannum,nand held under £3 lleahhore.Maye vewe, Prtlulao ed c nditons ofa had t th Mea; ofF. Cuyit. E~., slicior, 4, B tintal,-thest Temple-bar. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ebda mTESSRS. SPILLMAN acid SPENCE, will SELL ikby AUCTION, at the Mtart, on Thursday. July 24. at 12. by direnction of the Aesotlagnse.i twIo ecloen.th VaLLAb. COYDNTIS.PI of nest moderneev ionTRsT most threaby insolveto indeSlt of Was I premlisle, Esq.GrEat Gorge-tret S estIlminste. bns n tae ctizuaes; anlso m a the tesioarytiInteret toffthes, mslIoeo ti-he Maret: BoofuMsse. Leibofsan CuelaFrk.clisiers, 2,dL Coos-out, iconS-in3 s Luland Fitures anduteloneirof ies 42b. llMll ufacdturpe~r. ment.~~~~~~~~~ SPILLMANand SPECE willsELLn IO,ttthe aun hraly ul 4at1b adircto-o he1mmotriaees TWd Efexcell aent VlLma' ResifdEN~ of dne atPmode fortes-os m0olst aoeebl BosItuafe, Paned beigt". , room, wth dmesic ofcs, wllinised.andfiteld-rwith fixTures: Pkhave.fre ouerts, oodapoldee aundtgerdesusirncteyegasse, heldundoer iSonivt' in; nd tChona Lneionee on fflect,-.,Bllyr,epe j_hster JR ott-eoeo w SLLueaFescs ayUCInd the the. teamEnine, Fixtures, Ctaged6 Utbenslrofal Tobaco ennar Tor-wom. ME SSRS. WARLTERS ~nd OVuyWledO Wardoe, instRuce to3RALEwl SELL by AUCIlr.o te CemssT1? IOhstet,Bruh, o rmiese. by, Julyr 9. ate Pr, ither valu2nableul E4S, fomel in. the oTeNrrp;atindo r EFFEllTSa vs-macint matied for urthe poctandfcinher, bu dpedsedsfeterbes anyhlcal trae. matlh cbimer timea -es,b Sodchis- wole of ters rnewly-ttendrBlent, Uesls, and Fituertbes, viewed a. Madabepviewed. Phe-Eicotarruad eaaloogues had on the prele- Tuhe; f r CStoc, of aTetber 5, ellyrd,Boetoea-comuolde adr o th uciner, 42. Cni'n-stry-aet, SmmonMDi uy7 2 teleoudingt POianfot, lmPols,nf abooks a'fEw platk, edarles, l batd I~~ IrESSRS. WARLTERS OndLOVEJOak anwill SElan Yatahy AUFcTIOeN,t 2,deiandoltgls-Chiad, Bloofeldrs. Bonk Buss-e. dcl. Jly 5. t 1. te woleks ofther fUerNtURs. EFCS 31oion the pEmies,cutrnshedSEL by Aiisn.wThIONth last three yrears Heys be viewedton-e dyrorae andamoring. of Tusdaye. Jutloens had o FUepremiTUEs ofmeris-coingu and Gmlcoare,r solicitos, 7 mLinoin'sinifleda an ofth autineeo. 19 Chncry-hlane, ial ad Tbci3uauc.-Modes-m Fousehldture,gniuns Dhimney-GunIae hansIome QweF a Ldy'sWaTChina,Lnen,tand E'ffects. IV1R . RBA ERT REID SELL Ly,AU thiOs Ron the Preamaises SringhCsttege. 6, DAlbert-roa , Peratm To-morroF,R. Joly, atI. te RFBCTS-incodlu mahloganywilgod wanrdoe, chest of rawes, web-hnd-sands tabes,sldee-sin-gofss Theisi tabls, oungs, hoir, cnsoltales,mahgtabylos. lande dhining tabls, hefsotes, inlw cutais, rusew carpets, aeudnuerosan eltrets.Maybe vewed on onday. atalogus hdn sthel premiset, enAf h ucti oneer. 29. MaCryeurel-street, oluenhr-squar-bsreve aunt7UrredeSobs-Il, S-expstosD, Irotherfseld-street Lower-rend, 1% SJ S. . .TAE ACEwl SELL by ATTCSELLNb streo2t GD4eu-vsua. by ElerI of te ProNGrtr ononnd,ay, Jureisly4 atu12. thmi3eIUatneouRsadEFFECr-TS.UrdeedPeLC; comprsn aoayfu- dSgesherdstsofdrwus, moahWisogyadrehsewood Ion anod estheales, lIM R. LE.E A. IllSERUN SELL byA-TO ote AUe. AL muses,42. Unrron-stret SO-mers-own (TuescuA July 7, at 1 r 12, t;aens,o21tuaes offloring.go u.f-eet of quarering. Sah,O 0L feet Wide Grint-boaerd,dryct. Sotwut.5dors,.eiht loutands ofmaiand shopl-fank 11 b ok sotcs,40 asiaxor felnes,focur bnchs 9o1fscaffoldpoes, usElStock. T beG view d o h Caudyuro .te ,we cTaloguesmaybhadrenthes.remieus; and oJ he ntbyioree.Car- of GdUM AtERABIeCt jmod eiu FulkrndiPtur.chmits,in, Rcks, Brefullaels Cleelsa. and other eeuit f.f-ecpjn Lgts, o ecUu t-CLEM M A? Stha~1received r,insruton tn gaas stmper, -d ritin a"rrscs; largequantity of shafting riggers, steam pipes suiW bands a.: lozenr end comfit trays, sceverl hundreds of jujub3 tins, marble an other slabs, a ariiety of drop, jlubjube, - and other Machines. The fixtures consist of coursteu, nest of drawers, friurces, muire pans, =selting tube,, A.the whole of wh=Ih, withe er-eyother requiste for do-ing; an extenrsive trade, must be seed without reserve, to cleer the premises, The convreuientmanufac~iusrtagpromi.sesadapted for any trade reqirig ublcit o poiton,.with great aecemi,ility,tpgetherwith the resdeno. aybbadateloss 3~rut, wcith the fixed plRnt,M 'sDayh viorvdhedyprviostothL.ssle. and catalogueg bed of the sue. tioeer, Mssr. Pgh ndCo., 6, Blackaran.street, Southwarls, Boait eoent,-Freehold Property, uses WlInerend Dent, _/[R. GEORGE WEST is instpnctos to SELL bg ATINtthe WairerOastin nn,Deal,on Tuesday, JTl 211. et 2 in tb's afternoon, in IS lots, a desirable COUNTRY R'stDENCE, ripple-Vale, with Tleasure -grounds end a smell meadow, altogether cosoprisig about Ea r acres, wvith cosebbeuse, stabling, gardener's and coachman's cottrge, is-eli supplied with water;z the whiole in plerfect order, amnd fit for the limmediate reptien of a family of the slrt-rspeiniliyjThe- property is situate at Blpple,lebout a mIfa from Walmoer. and tW, mriles rinud a hMl fromm Deal end the Rtetway Station; likewise 13 Freehold Cottages, with giarens, and,. a free alehseuive, with bowling-grenmi ad 'premises and building lend, all at Ripple. Also a convenient cletaebed Fsmily Hours. at UIpper DeaL. aboset a mille from the town and Railway7 Station, having an excellent welled-srtgarden of about half tin rrs, and two netat cottae"-ea coachbou'.e and stable, and weUll uPppled with water, in comprlte repair, sand-fit ftcr immediate occupation. Ale twro recently erected rsemidetached Villas, with gardlens, at Upper Deal, about half a mile from the tovn and Railway Statlsu. having a view of the sea; 'Walucer Callgondaad surronding co3untry. o peeo pu adiciing. r. a thrae acres, adapted for br=idiu .a d *lace C66epanerespheP.yard, and Preintres, rithtwoTieeeeqlkosi ln iK d DeaL The wliele being frquho;A uId at(uls l tabnedof the auctirges.- sail of bKr. Wise, surveyr De -' ..e ob~WestldLud is.g Cijatla !et, posyr InOsda Of .u Mearse. andi DO Guy,lrOhlOltio,s 4. Rit d-e4j~, 4 ~Aruden. Muugi KMagmmax.leietb, ~Oiig1S, ~ And oC
