DEATHS. On the Xdof July, at Gvualonpe, of yellow fever. Nathanielattle,y, zsed £6, of the Royal3Mail SteamshiplWge, the eldest and only inemylog Eon of ir. M athnlel Warn, formerly of Boxy St. Edmsonnds. pOaAhe 3d Inst. at Tufain rark, Greville, ths infant son of ,Bober' P'almer Hardins, Ezq. On the 5th inst, at Windoo terlrse, Cliftn, Kathleen anight, the infant dauter of Edward Daniel, Ese., aged 8 months. Oas It., Buddenly.of dseaseoftheahear, while on a visitto 'Wilihs lilna. El. ofTivekoha, haresEdward Lambert, eq., nto of-thestletO.L.L, only eon of William Chaxles Lambert2 Seq., of Know/le, Dorsetihire, On the Sthist., atFaddinaton. Arthur Craven, aed 7years aend5 months, youngest son of Geore 2lngoes' Tyrrell, Eaq. On Sat3rdar, the 6th Inst.. in the 34thL year of her age, Mary, the bdoved wife of Mr. Ch3rles Slog, of Eat Iuelsey, Saney On th9 7Th inst., at Glasgovr, Ellza Mary. relict of the late Edward Bartltt, or BEluCkigham, in the county of Bucks, in the 53:h year of her age, alter a severe illness of one months sulTring from dssentery, On the 5t inlst,, at Cerce Abase, M. Mitchell Simonds, of Dorchester. Dorset. for some yts ss proprietor of the Salisbury and Wilshire Herald, ezed 33. On tho Eth inst., at 20, Holloway-place, Hllolway, aged 24, Sydney Tecerick, thaem se d Eon of J. Reeves, SEq. On tho 8th inst.. LoniDa Augusta. the wife of Llent-Colonel .Z. Macdoogall, Royal Mlitary CoUege, Sandhurst. :' On the 5th inst.. at Clifton. -rabe"ll Anne, widow of the lite John Cneap, Ezq., of the Bengal Civil Service. On the 9th izst. after a eevere illnues, Ur,& the belovedr.nd&affea tionate vwie of Richard Bead, of 35, Bezent-cireus, Picadilly, aged 60, On the Sth inst., t lilbrook, near Southampton, Mazy Ellen'the infant daughter of Robert G. Baswett, Esq., solicitor. On-the gth inst.. at 1i- kark-ple, Cheltenhamn, Harinet Franceswidow of the Rev. David Youns, H.ELC.S., Bomhay, On the 9th last., agedl 21, at 6, Hinde-strees Uauchesbaq lucy, youngest danghter of Philip te-meet, Esu. c On the 1e-h ias.t at his alsteo'e, Gage-road, Chuonhuby, Edward nirlby, Esq., aged 57. On the lath is-, at 10, Gloce;ter-cescent, Hydepark, John lrwminhger, Ezq,, In his Gist year.
I -2SUS,OF-TELARD;ifOR,1851. The ComlVissioeiers appointed to trke an account ef! the population of Irelindl,nader the prov'sions of thhe 13th' and 14th Vit-ora,cch'ap. 44, jhave presented beire'geneial and concluding report -on the IrishCensus of 1851 tohis Excellency the LQrd LieutenSnt. T The report is prefaced by a sketcb of the measures taken by -the Commissioners to-, accomplish the taslk assigned to them. The enumeritioa,. wbich -was "conductel by, the- officers of the constabulafy 'orce, atsisted' by the - Coastguard, ~was parfornitd-ldtla entire. success, Iid withont "tihe necessity of- rsortin9' in a single instance to the compulsory powers given. by. the statute for obtain;ng the reguired information. - Te ommissonrs t;hsrn iumit A rcsua} ot t.he 9Qte ji of their proe-ious reports, t;he 'f rstof which v as 3 conpkr ive "'abstract of the census of Ireland for tie 'scars 1811 and 1851," showing by nrovinces, counties and towns the Lumber of houses, families, and persons-at eich of thosi periods. They nexlt issued PartI of their publlcations comprising the tow-iland.census, which was followed by Part, IL, setting forth the igricnltuzal statistics for 1851and 1852; Part' m., being a report 'on the status of disease Part IV., a report on agos and educationi and,;Part V, a report 'on tables of 'deatbq, cosuiical phenormena, &ec Having arrived at the concludiug portion. of their labours the Commissioners thenproceed*- "The present volume of our rublications (Part VL) has reference to the, area of the country, its vopulation, habitations, and house accommodation, its tamrcles 'and their puranits; also the occupations and degrees- of education of the' people. These are given for each parish in rural and 'ivice 2istricts by bhaonies and countiesi MTeninmates of public institutions, their pursuits; .ind degrees of cducation are also given; while separate tables at the end of each countf' show thie soveral classes of houses andhouse-:accommodation, the conditisn of the people as to marriage; the Irish-speitk!ang population by ages, and the occupations 'of the people. "The territorial divisions of the country first claim observation. We have used the same-boundaries as those given in the census report of 1841; these are provinces, counties, ,barouies, oarishes, and townbs t O5Oda inas t a for the 'counties, baronies, and suprvEey; the 'mnipaboundarie la beentado° ted nfort cities and corporate towns, ex;cept in the case of elfast, wshich hadi exctended itself' muchl beyond the umunicipal boundary in 1841, and was then, as well as now, considered of so muclh importance that separate tables were compiled for it, showing the population-both'within and withous the municipal boundary.' As- regards the extent of towns. not having their boundaries legally defned, the same area has been used as vvas assigned to them in 1841, For those tonms-which appear for' the irst time in the tables, we have had areas computed from the Ordnance I maps, of whiclh trairgs have been keptfor reference. The wVord 'town,' in the'tables, has been used to denote a collection of 20 houses aid upwards, as in the census of 184L We have also observed the distinction of 'rnral' and 'civic' districts then used, the latter including all towns having 2,000 inhabitants and upwards, exclusive of workhouses." ' , Then follows Table 1, showing the proport,on in every 100 acres of the total area of Ireland underarable and uncrltiiated land, plantation, towns, and water, contained in each county in 185L Srcmming up the results of this table the report states:"'It appears that, of the4 four provinces, Munster eontains the largest proportion (29-15 per cent.) of the entire surface of Ireland; next in extent is Ulster, vhich covers 26G31 per cent.; Leinster is third in order, containing 234 -3 per cent.; Connaught is the smallest, including 21-1 per: cent. of the whole area, while at the samne time it has the least proportion of arable and the greatest of uncultivated-land; at has also-with the exception of 'Ulster, which it nearly equals-the largest proportion of water. Munster has tie largest comparative extent of plantations, the ratio being. -Munster, 34; Leinster, 33!31; Ulster, 19-22; and Connaught, 13-40 acres in every 100 of the total number of acres nf plantations in Ireland. Leinster has a very small I surface covered with water,' compared with the other pro. vinces ; the proportions to every 100 acres of the entire area being-Ulster, 3405; Connaught, 3312; Munster, 23-98; and Leinster, only S-24; the last-mentioned not containing any large lakes, or loughs, similar to the other three. Thus, Ulster is remarkable for Loughas Negh and lime; Connaught for Loughs Corrib and Mask, and also for many smaller laLes amid its wild andbeautiful mouDtain scenery; Munster, for the celebrated lakes of Killarnev, Lough Derg, the river Shannon, and other lakes and rivers of lesser size and note. Of the proportion under towns, the largest amount falls to Leinster, 'which contains 41,04 per cent. of the total area under the civic districts on ster has 31-23; 'Ulster, 193*; and Connaught, onl 8-39 per cent. Of the total arable land in the several eounties Cork has the greatest proportion-9-36 per cent. ; and Louith, the least-1-14 per cent. ; these counties respectively being also the largest and smaUlest in Ireland. he counties v'hich contain the highest relative amount of their extent uncultivated are-Mayo, 12-95 per cent.; Galw;ay, 11-67; lerry, 10-4; Donegal, 933 and Cork S-14 per cent.; these five cunties containn toether 52 57 per cent., or more than one-half of the totl area of uncultivated laud in Ireland. The counties having the least proportion of uncultivated land are-Dublin, 0-31 per cent.; Carlows, 0-38; Monaghan, 0A43 per cent. ; and' Meath, 0-49 per cent.; maldkng together but 1-61 per cent. of the entire waste land in the country. Cork contains 10-57 per cent. of the ilantations of Ireland- Tip. erary, 7-26; Waterford, 6-4; Galway, G 31; and AVicklowv, 5S1 per cent.; Carlow, Longford, Leitrim, Armagh, louth, Monaghan, and Londonderry, taken together, have only 930 pe- cent. of theirsurface under plantations.- Thearea stedas bing under towns includes those only which have 2,000 inhabitants and upwards. IIThe counties of Dublin, Down, Cork, and Galway contaisi the largest proportion under towns in their respective provinces; Leitrim is the only county in Ireland which has not atowncontaining 2,000 inhabitants; this was also the case in'. 1841. Of the whole area covered bywater, the largest proportion, 14-26 per cent. is fond in the cotyl a of GaIvway; Clare has more than one-1enth (10-76 per cent.) of the entire surface under ater; layo, 9-03 per cent. and intrimn, 8c44 per cent.; the other conoties vary from 7-41 ger cent., in ebrmanagb, to *06 per cent, in Dublin end Q;ueen's counties.2 Table 2 gives the proportion per cent,. of the total area of each ceunty and province; under cultivation or otherwvise. in 1851, compited from the report on agriculltural statistics. Table 3 gives the number of acres in ea^h province, under cultivation or otherwise, in 1841 and 1351 ; also the same reduced.to proportions per cent., from which it appears, "On comparing the division of the surface of Ireland in 1841 with lSol, that in 1841 there was 64-7 per cent. of the entire area occupied by arable land, and in 1851 71-1 pa-r cent.; there has thus been. an increase of bhe arable land of 6-4 per cent. This speaks favourably for the industry of the people, notwithstanding the great diminution of the population betwean the two periods. We should here state that in 1841 the areas of the arable and uncultivated land, of the towns and the water, were computed from the maps of the Ordnance survey; in 1851 they were taken from the agricultural statistics for that year. It is very difficult to ascertain the exact surface under uncultivated or unprofitable land in a country, especially where there are large tracts of mountains which, though unenclosed, are used for grazing, but which, to the ordinary observer, appear as unreclaimed and of little value. These figures, however, being the results of actual observation and inquiries by the censtabularyenutmerators, who yearby year traverse the country to obotain the information, may ha considered as a near approach to accuracy;* and wvhen it is considered that the same enutmerators do -not collect tho ari cultural statistics in the same locality eacb.'year, beingliable to transfer from one district to another, the returns bear testimony to the satisfactory mcanner -in which the constabulan have peaformed their duty f nutiae land gives some criterion of the extent of the reclamation of 'waste sutrfce since 1841, 'end it is very Dgratifying to' observe the -progress made in the conversion of waste into arable laind, more especially in' some of the mounutainous -districts of the country Thuts, in 1841, Done-gal, Kerry, Mayo, Galway, and Wick low had the largesto proportion of unsultivatedi land fo the entire area of eacht. Inl1851 'this proportsion, though still higjh, was considerably reducoed, flonegal having had' 24-9 per 'cent.; KRersy, .17-0 per cent.; Mayo, 109 per cent.; Galway, 7-8 per cent.; and Wicklow, 107 per cent. of their area converted fromn waste into profitable eserface during the previous 10 years. {'"The entire area under plantations would appeagto have decreased by 0-33 per. cent, between1841 and 1851. -The~ only counties which showv an increase in the extent xunder plantations are Clare, Kesry, and Leitrim,land thisincrease as very smalL' - " Tbe number of the rural popilation to the srture mile' of atbleoland, also to the square milewof the entre area in 1841 and 1851, isrgivenbycouleq in Table 4. Thealteratons in the total area of the counties between 4l1 and 1851, as given in this tble, have beencasedi by some of the grtifyns tol v berve indued tnt ho uo ssre n 1 - having been placed in the civic in 1851, and by towns which were CiViC in 1851 having been included i5 the rral dis tricts in 1841, ovdng to the chlnges in the uo flaer of l a- bithnts of such towns above orbelow 2,000,'t h "All towns having ZOOO inhabitants and upwards, exclusive of workhouses and other publc inslitutions. are omitted e from the foregoig talble. Conidring the dimlinutiont in the numberetoi the squar mie the incrase in the etnofable lan of 2,01-6square miles bstweiu' 1841 and 1851 afford heigpopc forteprmaes employmet'lof thle LVbuigelass,and the steay pr6gr ss of agicltr in. reland,' " .We now'beg to call sattention to the extraordinary decrease in the rural, population, whih:esIted from 'the famine and emigrati'on of 1845 and following years Sn the whole of Irelland there has been a general diminutiono~f the rural -population oDf 53 persons -to the squash mile of the entire. 'area; and of 104 -to'the squar mile ;of ar able land. The. decrease in the .province. of Conna'ught was so high as 60 persons to 'the square mile of the entirearea, and 145 to the aquare umie of arabie land in Mlunster the decrease was, to the enLtire area, 57.PereDIia and to the arable landI 114, to the3 sqitare mile.- Ulster do-' ccOrvaie&at the ratea of 48 to the squiare mile of the totaVlarsa, andl 126 to the square miile of arable land ; andIthe province, of Deinster decreased by 45 persons for every square mnile of itsl general area, andc by 53 for the square nille of a,v~bla.i 'Ian . In some of the countiesthe-propori~ona6te.decrease is.f .very, high, pat ly caused 'by the increase in arable land,. but' prieipaly' ythe dimlinution in the numbers-of thie people. ThiVE,Vth rUral PDpulation1 of,the county Donegal wan leamby' 241 to the square maile in ISSithan in 1841, while, according- to thexreturns received,the extenitof .xable land increan6id rom lation decreased frona 41f to216, or;2tO ie to th re ile of syable land, the ar'ble land, havg %increasdb 315 m39] square miles. The countie- which Ahjr a decreaii thse t 3, -{3'ih;9'X~~~:qU m'lle werc,Kildare, 32--%cWerord, ud' an MWeatlh- .44.T coiinties which how- a decrease of 50, and j nnder 10, i thisp rtic-ilar.l ire Louth, 50 - Xziennv, ol;* - Weiteath; Dublin, 76' K muon, 77, Queencs 7S * ow Tipperiry,-1; Armaghh,-'4 and Wicijowi 96. The re-' nalning counties Tari,ed in the'riate-of deerease in the raral population from 10Q to. 241 ,persons to the square3mie-,of i arable land..-:I. -- . I :I "The numbees'of; the ;entire-p3ptiaon' to the sqaare mile in S141 and 185L is eiven.y .counties in Table 5 Both the civic aud. -rsal poprlation are included- in the cOMPutatIoLs On 'the-eire t& eA ofIrelnd there hax bni'e a deorease pf 49 perscrs tcr very sque--I'~ "All the coUties hiave decrea sed in pdpulat- 1eanstpt | Dubiare mhich shows aa increae of iperaona to the square I mnile. 0f the proinces, CoXnnaught. s'aorred the largest docrease, lsanvng diminished by 5;0 persons to the squae lls.l ThLe decresied numbers ffor the..other provincees are3iunster, -57; U7laler, -44; and- Ieinster, 39, persons to the -square mnile.- The greatest diniinutiont in the numbers to tbe square mile appears to have taken place in the counties of Alonagban, 117 Cavan, 93; Rosconmmon,' 4; Longford, 78; Sligo, 7W; Curl, - 71 ; Armagh,' 70 and -Leitrim 70.- 'Lhelest diawiiutioa-was in the orunty of Antrim, wuchclost.but 7'to the 's ate mile betweenlSl1 and 1851; Donegal rnkls nnext to -Aitim in this respect; -it lost 22 persons to the square mile - Wezford, 24; Kildare,29; errj't3 Down andWicklovw, S34 e'alh, Londonderry, S7; and WesSmeath, 42.i The remainrirLg"oanties exhibit decreases raning from 45 to 6o for every square 'miler H""aving referred to. the territorial- divisions of. the country, and compared the number of-inhabitants to the square mile in 1841 -and 1851, -we now present Table 6 showing the actual number of inhabitants iit the country in, 1841 and 1851, distinguishing the ruiral from the civie districts, and exhibiting the rate per ent. of increase *3r decrease of-population between these. periods.- In our Report on Ages andEducaiion (Pat IV.) we have already published tables giVing the ages of the people, clasified 'by counties, baronies and. large towns,. and have aluded generally to the causes whichled to the great diminution of the Irish population between 141.'and 18-i, of which erisgr-ation continues to dimiiish it still-further, even to the present time.. - - - -. - "The movements of a p ulation in times' of caamity are governed byea nat:rMllaw. ' plague exists in -the towns, the inhabitants, to es-ape its xavages, B Tly to the country; if famine visits the country, to supply their 'rants ' the rural-population. focLa to the towns; (the latgerate,of increase, in 851, in the cities and large towns may betus, in some degree, accounted for), and, if bothfamiine andpestiiI lence come uipon the land, then emigration is the only-way of escape.'which presents itself. a - e - "The numerical decrease of the inhabiiintis bet;weeen 1841 and 1S51 amounted to 1,622,739, or 19 85 per 6eiit. ; but this, being merely the difference Detween thenumber of the people in lS41 andin 1851, Vit1houtmak1ing d any aV110W ance for a natural and ordinary increase of population,conveys but very inadequatelyithe effeot of the visftation of famie and pestilence, -with which -it pleased an all-wise Providence to visit Ireland; We may, however, so far as the means at our disposal nill'permit, estimate the num-bers which it might reasonabsy be expected -would have been liviat- in this country-, if the extraordinary number of deaths and emigration had not lessened the population in such an unusual degre_. '" Unfortunately, Ireland has not yet been favoured by the Legislatuie with a general measure for the regitrtion of the births, marriages, and deaths of its people, and is, in this respect, an exceptional portion of the umted lingdom. We cannob, therefore, state the annual average number of births and deaths to the population ; and, in the absence of such a registration, 'we conceive we can find no better data for our computations than the averages of the births and deaths which have been regularly registered in England and Wales since 1887. "In the able reports of Er. Graham, the RegistrarGeneral, these averages are carried on from year to year - and in the latest of them, the 1th, 'we find that the births and deaths registered for a period of 15 bears in all England andWales have been at the annuazsate of one birth to every 31, andone death to every45 persons living. Applying these rates to the population of this country in 1bi1 and assuming that the emigration 'was equal to the immigration, we find that the populzation on the 30th of March, 1851, would havo probably numbered 9,018,799 instead of 6,552,385, and that, consequently, the loss of population between 1S-1 and IlSal may be' computed at the enormous amount of 2,466,414 persons. The population removed from us by death and emigration 'belonged princpally to the lower classes-among whom famine and disease, in all sttch calamitous visitations, ever make the greatest ravages. But, notwiithstanding- our sudden depopulation, 'we have every cause for thank-fulness that years of sufferiug have been followed by yeasm of prosperity; for Ireland has increased in wealth and progressed in the development of her resources; as it appears that in 1851 the extent of land under cultivation, the -value of agricultral stock- and crops, and the proportionate number of educated among the people were greater than at any previous period of which we have a record." Table 7 shows the probable number of inhabitants 'which wouldhave been in Ireland on the 30th of March 1851, had emigration and immigration been equal-calcalated on the average number of births and deaths in Englandand Wales; beingatthe rate of 1 birthto31,andl dcath to 45 of the population. "This rate of increase is equal to 1-00 per cent, per annum, and may, we think, be considered as very mearly representing 'what the - increase of the population of Irclaid 'would naturally be. by the excess of over deaths. The rate of inicreIse betweenr183 Iand 1s4I, aocording to the Census 'Report 'of' 1841, pago 8, was 012 per cent. per annum, hut it wasw considered that this rato did nottrly represent the increase betvseen these years as the Commissioners believed that the numbers returood in 1831 were greater than the real population, or, at all events, that any errorw was rafher one of excess than defect, because the census for 1831 was taken in different places at different times, extending over a considerable period; and it was Understood that the eonmerators considered they would be paid, and in many cases -were paid, irn proportion to the numbers they enmenerated, the obvious tendency of which 'would be to augment the total numbers. For the same reason that ihe rate of increase between 1831 and 1841 was defective, the rate between 1821 and 1831 would also be erroneous; that increase was at the rate of 1-31 per cent. per annum. Weo cannot, therefore, test the accuracy of the rate asumed boy us by the increase between either of these periods, -As, however, the Census Commissioners of 1841 state, with regard to the census of 1821, that it was the firt successful occasionb of enumerating the poeople in Ireland, and considered that the number given was ' rather below than above the truth,' we may take the increase between 1821 'snd 184, which was at the rate of 092 per cent, per annum, as corroborating, in the absence of better data, the probable corruetness of the supposition, that the increase of the population, by the excess of births over deaths, is not so dissimilar in England and Ireland as is generally supposed." Table S gives a comparative view of the proportion -er cent. of males and females at specified ages in 1841 and 1851 by provinces, counties, and towns. It will be observed from it that the proportions living at the various ages in 1841 varied but little in amopnt in each countyJ and the same may be said of the proportions at each age in the several counties in 1851, although they differ from the proportions in 1841, from which circumstance it may be inferred that the same cause hasbeaninoperation thronghout the country at both periods in influencing the individual when stating his or her age. " As in the census tables of 1841, we have divided the number of persons in each family into 'Ieads of Families and their Children,' 'Visitors,'and 'Seivants.' " The proportion of these several classes, according to the returns received in 1841 and 1851, are given in, Table 9, from which we find that in all Ireland there was an increase of 0'3 per cent, of males, and 3'4 per cent. of females in 1851, in the' proportionate numbers representing the headsof families and their children. ln the province of Leinster there 'was an increase of 15 per cent. of males, and 3'9 of females a-d inIUlsternf 1per cent. males,andSper cent. of females in these proportions ; 'whale in Ilunster, and also in Cominaight, there was a slight decrease of males in each of- 0'S per cent. Uznder this division fezales, however, increased 3 3 per cent. in- jiunster, and 2-5 per,cent. in Connaught. - ' "1 In the several counties and towns ihe proportion-which the numlber of malescbears among the heads or families and their children to the total male population varied wheie tompared 'with-1S41-the proportion of females in this clais have inoreased in every county, city, and large town." -Then follows.Table9, showing tle proportion per centof "heads of families," of "visitors," and of "servants also the proportion of males and females to every 100 persos in 1841 and 1851 respectively. Table 10 gives the in-- crease or decrease in the last-named categories between 181 and ISiL From Table 11 it appears that the total number of inmates of -worlhouses -on the 30th of March 1S51, in all Irelaud,- was 249,877,' -of -whom 101,13S were males and 148,739 femal5. In-the gaIls, on the same day, there were 12,368 males and 3,530 females; and ia'the hospitals and sanitary institutions 7,130 males and 6,255 feniales. T The total number of inmates of public iistitetions- was therefore 279,16C, of whoit 120,0642 were mnales aidlSS,524femiales, -or'4-3 percent. of the entire jopulation of the country. - ' - -' 5 The report then.contlnues -- - -' . - "The counties vhich exhibited a decrease in IS51 in the proportmnate number of males, in the class of 'Ieads 'cf Famniles and their Children,' were Kings, 0 9 per cent.; Longford, 0-3, per cent.; Msatli, 0-1-per cent.,; eestmaoth, 0-4 per cent.; Clae, 0-2 per cent.; Cork, 2S8 ir cent.; Kerr:y, 1-4 per cent.; Waterford,- 0-9 per cent - &avan 0-4 per cent): Fermanaghr 0'5 per cent. ;_X!onagin, 0's- per cent,; Galvway and. Leitrim, each 0-7 per cent.; lfayo, 0'S per cent.; and lioseem on, 11 per cet.' Under this head the -cities id large towns which showed a docre were Drogheda, 2'3 per cent- , I.iericc cily, 2'5 per ceuL.; and Galwaytown, l-porcent - "'Foe proportion per cent of male 'visitors' to the male population hs decreaedinecountad large town, with the exception of Droghedo, n 'hich the increrse is 0O1 per cent., and userck city, in'whitehit is Q'3 per oenLthiere 'was not any increase' in The proportion' of feenle alsters,: - - ; -- - .'-"The proportion of Tale servnuts to the popuwiion of fhe me'se5 ixereaseden every county, citi, and large town, 'with the exceaptiossof the city of Waterford, in wljlje ther 'wa decrease under thi head of 0'S per meae - Thepa' r- tionate sieber of feemale servants to thifecmaie pop- aiion deceased in the following- ocounties' and tVowns . lm ek c6imty' OS per cent.; LDrogheda town,'0-5 per e t . Dablim-city,03 per cent.; Donqgl.- Downa, and the city of XlkUenny,eech ^ Q'er cent.; and Caran and Ippa 1 iercent. exchi Teua ititfr e~ialse :0pro n -i - *fBa:u dtb d s z U 5Xincdiita Urpor ortion of 'idt*rs was fo-A in the rivii. thm ts :nr; A *-f. t We g bprp d atBwe ni w feindia the rarA " of fe(fmle servants in tue cirie dic tiet The nmtmber of maes in Ireland toMevj100pe-sena in 1841 Was 492-; in 1851 it was 487. The uabr iif femilaia itery ico persons-in 1841 was 50D8 -and in 1851 it waS513;there was, therefor a decrease of 05 per cent,-In th1e proportionate umber of males, and a correponding increese i the proporionate nxmber of fem ;le -- "The changeswhih took plae; between 181xnd 1W1 in the proportiom to the population of 'Heads oa Fmanili& antI tbeir CbRildren,'.of Vistitorsnand Svza4' andia th.ver, AtioDs in the proportion of MMalW and femlies to thfe perpn taon, are given in Table 10, Tby provinces,' countis, aud -vitir prd to te dms vitor it is to be'obirva that the inmates of. public institutions have beien xaml snder that led in the tables for .1851, while in 8i4Btheyf were included in the general population. The untions having greatly increased in miumber siue 181, by the.erec tion of union workhouses, prisons, lunatic asyluim, &ac. it lss been c6neiaered neoqoy to enumerate their imtei seprtely; ad, in ofieer to preentmy e:rro in coparing the proportionate..i vber c visitorsin l811 writh thailose in 1SS1, the iumates of publin establiahnenteI,ave bei e - cluded from the cuciations. The number xrlproeotiou .per cent. to the population of theirinmztes are given I Tble 11, page 21, from which it will be seen tha * alL Ireland, 4-3 pei-ceeit of the popuationfie6o kmainteinod in them in -S51. In -the provinces , ,:unster',hi:t 7 Sper cent., CdnnaUglht A3 per-cent., Liinster- 3_S:pa cent., and Ulster 1-4 per oent,-of their inhabitants in fieee3 institntious in the city of Klkennyandtowin of Galway the proportion per cent. was unluiy iarge, owing tcr the workhomues andl other public establishments -beng<_ baii within taae bounndaries of these towns. Thc coeinty.cf ierry showed -ae largest proporEicn of inmates of ~hese inAit:ticns, EO many as 11-6 per cent, of thle population bPin's 'within Them when the eamaneertion'a g made aixnsich, 1l51. In Clare there was 9-4 per cant.,. in Limerick cit-- 8-7 per cent., and in Tipperary 8-0 per cent. The couinty ,of Down had the least proportion or- any of ie coutien. beeing. only equal to 0 6 per cent. .Antrim h.d but 1.an Donegel l-l per cen. The circurostance3 Gf the populahtbe of public institutions leave boeen referred -to int Parts3 and 5 of our reportL'" - f !.
B?RILWFAY ALiCIDXLWIS t'. R1 ArT AY7"sW1tr4iS. TO THE EDITOE OF TEIE tiMES,: Sir,-I feel that your columns are too viluable toboc6mpiedbymany Tworas, anadthereforeIbut 'ask for a simei spaceforabriefreplyftoatheeinphaticletter:of yourieer_ getic correspendent, " A Railway Director," that appeired ori the 29th nlt., and which, ,n6twithstanding -its len'ti, canotbeconsideredas maeeting fairlyin xanyway.the objections I brought forward to his proposed system e' sOIn, s on railwa;ys. - S These were that his proposal to have all signl set at al times at stop, even when danger or impediment did-o.nc exist, being a fallacy, would in practice leaf to higMhlydana Serous remuts; that in many situations in whicli stations'are placed it could not be. adopted so as- to cover a suffidcient space for safety, and that it woulld lead to-syst.sm icc ad dangerous use of the main line through stations * FI RailwayDitectoe seeziis tobe aware that his:'proposed system ls Jncompatible with the Use of "dist4nt signals," ad therefore questions their utility; on -t'ilis point I cau only ray that not an engine-driver in this kringdom would agree with him. . He also completely minapprehends my remarks oni the "bell signal," the chief advantage of which, as I atated-in my previous letter, is 'h2t it-insures -wAtcafulness-by'requizingtobeadIustedonthepassage of ever; train. The bell itself has only a value as warning pssengers, porters, and others who may be crossing the Jine from one platEonn to the other that a train is entering the station. "A Railway Director" again relies much on the Attementhemakesas a fact that already Iis "system -s i a universaloperation at all junctions," but this is not the case, for one of the most important railway companies (having perhaps morejunctions than any other) considers the principle so bad, that the junction :signals on that line are worked in the same manner as the station signals. 7 r, Iu conclusion, I beg tothank "A Railway Director"-, for having ventilated the subject of railway signals, it .bimg one of vital importance to the public safety, and on this ground only haveI come forwari to endeavour to shoGw*hy his views are inapplicable, for, beiag advocated by him with an ibility which must arrest attention, they are therefore the morelikely to mislead. WVhatevefmaybe the impression producedbythediscission,itwill, atany zate, have-had the erect of drawingthe attention of railwaycompanies eo a most important snbject, the careful consideration of which, it is to be hoped, will not be unfruitful of goof to the pubiic interest. I am, Sir, yo7rs, - A. RAfl.WAY ENGI=R;. Sept. 6.
TEHB BICH CHUCH. TO TH YDiloiQ OF THE Tam& Sir,-I can hold my peaca no longer. Eoffer afew facts. In the first year of my ordinatior I went to my work in the large manufacturingtown of 7. I£formed afrien&ship there -with a hard-.orL;ng curate, Mr. T-. After myself working for three or forr years I had offered to me by the bishop a small living-such, however, as he had to wgive. I had also offered. by my archdecon, *oni separate occasions, two ivings in his gift. I refused all, si'nply as considering my position as curate wor'd be finaucirlly the worse for the change. rtook an easy cure for a time, and had there an offer of preferment. owing to my praiouc labours. -Agai I went to worl in a large parish, aind there renowed a college frienaship with -r. A. After thre years of active employment in that place I had offered to me by a layman a lving in his gift which I declined to accept for the reason mentioned before. 1, a curate, receiving the stipend sometimes of SOL and a house, sometimes of 101I. only, sometimes of 140. only, could no' affo-d to take any one of five livings offered to me. lIo, Sir, it is not the curate. only who in the Church of IEnglund are sufferers from poverty. NTor do curates always, or, I believe, commonly, go unrewarded. hly friend Mr.- T. is in the enjoyment of a living given him by the Cathedral Chapter of, his diocess. My friend MIr. A. is in the enjoyment of a living given him by the most munificent of benefactors-the founder of churchez I know not how many. I myself am in the enjoyment of a living given to me by a bishop whom I never siw till I went to receive the gift at his hands. - - Now, I was not "a devotee who has a pairon, or a weailthy friend, or 5,000. to spare in his own pocket." I was a curate, the son of a curate, with no connexion, even the most xemote, with any one of my patrons. Few men in my position like, as T ain doing hy constraint to-day, to advertise themselves in TFc- Timrs; but I and many more have felt that, while it is inpossible that all curites should get preferment on tha ground that they ara poor, itis by no means rare that those who th-ow theraselves into hard work, and continue at it, have their reward even in this world. If Imight add a word more, I should wish to empress my strong disapprobation of the assumption so constantly taLen of late for a fact granted, that any clergyman (it amounts to this) wil mak-e a bishop. Any one who knows anything of the sort of men who are made bishops mnust be awars that they are. always men of mark. In some learning, in some practical ability and the power of influencing othes,in some their pious labours, in sonul oommanding genius are conspicuous. Onr bishops aralmost never mere ordinary men.- And it is' as rsasonibls to maintai that this country might bD governed by clerls in Govermment offices as to assuma that the goveinment of the Church' dhould be' intrasted to mei whom a fortbeth part of a bishop's ialry Stpreaent insoiiciently remune- T reroain. Sir. vow- kr-c.. THE RECTOR. West Came,, Sept. 9. -
TO THE EDITOR OF TH TMIMI Sir,-After reading the very senable ana well written artile on " Poor Curatesj" in your inpremion of the 8th Inst., it-strnk me that th rectors a icars are not quite so mnueh io blame for this state of things az you s&em to inagine; anaIdnow ak your leave to say a few-woerds on the subject of pnor vicars; for, wlhile the i inee-of-virs remainas they are, I do not se how theus.ar of curates can be generally increased. Remedy the one abuse, and the other 'will right it4eef. But h^oi, sa yon, can thiis be dlone t Would you hv e anact of Parliament conliscating the pro. perty of lay imnpropriators, and applying it to ths incrcase of poor ijeargesI 1Zo, by no meas Thersuedyliet in; the hands of the .:cledeistical Comminieonierz. nIy cast out of that honourable bod the CcUMoution" damon, and the mountain is reduced to £ molehilL To-illsrate what I say, I will givejou as an example a case which comes der my innediato notioe. There is in a certain diocess in the south of Eingland a vicazage-beautifuly situated-nice home, nice church, close to market town, &c.; income about.1801. -per aunual" population. ,- wards of 900, two churches a mile-and-a-half apart. The parish is miserably poor, and there is no coantry squire or landed proprieto to do nythiegtowrds amelic. ratng the temporal condition of the inhabitants. C6nsee y thenvicar, a worthy man, of increaing years and ',g health, 'has to .s p i"iDglAneds sahools Mafng n cci taie-, , and to l;eep n-eurate. KMflr the aforesad. Commissoners >>vo in this pa~rish properhich brings the in son e 70L- or-80. a-yar r. But they caunot 26ord to-WncreaOi Ahe value of the living,- or to co-tributs Laos than nominal aid to the pachia charities. NoW Sir, I-ii}k you, and I k ev*ry ]aikiA0t .o ~reads.t3ds, cn -the. 'rhur et tbis -perit wikt BstrVit) -his 'ife, denhnLw his children, a nser-eduetiov ine shuttg isp lu abais 1rndiv h is estat a $sisl.di* - sa ay o_. -"'h half-a-eye' avea se<Jsy*.asrllyliss.13 and wliols to l'asfor its cotoiinnanc- . -. z- -- S amT. -Ih. 'srehbt wryt,- 6lAUIJI - SePL9.
ZOEDO27, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 185. The Sardinian Govemment has obtained from -th Church of Rome one of those concessions, of vhich hLer annals oresent, and must still present, a perpetual zerie& According to her laws, which -are as the la3a of the Nledes and Persians, all who -are concerned in the expropriation of church pro.perty, either as the empl,oys of the State or as purchasers, and .7hether the property be sold out and ,out, or merely conveyed to a civil trust for ecclesias-tical purposes, are under heavy censures and disabilitie3; and, on the offence being proved against -them, are liable to excommunication. Such is the onient lar of the Church of Rome. But, on tae *other han, thee is zacely a State in that -church 'whch jfris not at one time or another -confiscated appr4p4iated, alienated, and alto-gether dissipated p*ortions of church property .-4.n some c6sez, the -whole: and, neverthe-I less, eventually made peace with Rome. It =ight be suppozed by men of the world that the frequent recurrence of such events would have taught the Church of Rome to devise a policy -which ishould prevent, firit, the commision of a great offence on the prt -of the State; then the issue cf bn-dxa fdmirnit by the Church; then the -wealc ani impotent conclusion. But Rome appears to fiii her account in extrvagant pretenaions, even VIen ahe is invariably obliged to abandon them whenever tBey are fairly disputed. In this instance the Epiucopacy of the Sardinian States, whether to release themselves from painfu dilemnma, or prompted by the Governm t, have put a sling of questions to the 1' proper authorities," the Sacred Penitenzieria at .oRme, ana the answers are as satisfactory as could be expected. The Sardinian clergy may now with a zafe conscience extend al1 the ordinances of their church to the public em1p&rys concerned in the sale of church property, and to the purchasers. These unhappy persons are now formally admitted to all the sacraments of their church, including marriage, atd may be buried with the iisual rites. They are required to make some species of satisfaction to th,e churzlc, comprising a " retractation" to b made before witnese and lodged with the ecclesiastical authorities, " salutary penitence," andcertain undertakngs as to the property itself. These undertakings are all founded on the idea that the property is still spiritually, really, andforo conscieWic, the property of the church, though, under the present necessity, left in. lay hands. T:hat is, the purchaser are to hold it at the disposition of the church, and therefore respect her commands; they are to administer it in a useful way; to iatsfy the religious cbligations annexed to it, and to transmit those injunctions to their heirs and executors. All this is so thoroughly hollow that we really cannot ibd a respectful term for it, though terms occur 1lhich are not respectful. Every holder of property holds I it on some such term.. But the utter holIlownes of any special code for the holders of secularized property or tenants of church lands under lay administrators appears most thoroughly when formal ecclesiastical permission i's given to the faithful to purchase this property, and rent it, atiltl as offenders and penitents, under a twelvemoati's vardon. r may, for aught we know, answer the purpose of the Church of Roine to lay what we must, call traps for tender consciences. She has certa,inly done so in this instance. the Sardinians we told in the samae breath that it is right and it is wn ong to buy what has been church property; that the property both is andc is not the property of the church; and that the holders may consistently persevere in having it and repent thereof; and may bequeath to their children at the same timu the permitted property and the admitted guilt of possession. Tf such a religion still has any terrors in the Sardinian States, we presume that a good Catholic will have nothing to do with this property, and vill so far be at a disadvantage compared with his less scrupulous neighbour. Most individuals, how-, ever, reflect in a wonderful way all the feelings of their country, and never attain to a nerfect con- sitency of character. On men in general, therefore, the effect of these qualified concessions will be to encourage them to do -what they yet consider wrong, and to gratify their cupidity, and wound their consciences at the same time. A man who does this habitually can have no strength of principle, nothing of what we call manliness, or even self-respect. He does whats permitted, not -what's right, and feels himself to be a rogue on sufferance. In fact. " the SierMI cc Penitenzieria" has given the Sardinians a ticketof-leave, for exactly one year, to go at large in the realms of sacrilege, and to hold to any amount property which is not their own; only they are to remember that it is not their own; and, if they die, to bequeath it to their children with the information that it is not theirs to bequeath; and they are to manage the property as if it was not their own, but the ehurch's; though the church leaves the particulars of this delicate management to their own con- sciences. Al this, no doubt, is understood andi appreciated in the Sardinian States, and very few i consciences will be much disturbed by the condi-! tions annexed to this concession. NLevertheless theTe remains this dilemma. The Sardinians will regard this property either as the church's or as their own. Though they may vacillate for a time they will decide the dilemma one way or another ; and they will decide, either by feeling themselves to be robbers, or by feeling the Church of Rome, so far as regards its temporal claims, an impostor. Common sense and common humanity, then, would suggest that the Church of Rome should not place its subjects in so painful and demoralizing a dilemma; but tell them at once, plainly and decisively, whether they may, or may not, hold secularized church property. It may be safely said that by far the greater part of the difficulties between Church and State, of the abuses in the former, and the alleged offences by the latter, arise from endowments in land, or in rents from land. They form a class of semi-reiigious estates, in which the interest of individuals or families is so complicated with that of religion that justice camnot be done to either. On the farst threat of interference zealots proclaim that the property is sacred, though it might, as once in this country, and stll in Italy, be held by friars without either religion or decency. In England the cry of sacrilege is raised, though, ,as in the case of a living, the property nhanged hands yesterday in the auction mart; though, as in the case of a suppressed prebend, there is no longer anybody to hold it; or though, as in the case of episcopal estates, the Bishop is still left with a better income than a Prime Minister. It is this notion of sanctity attaching to land that makes it so inconvenient as an eudowment for the church, besides that church land is almoat invariably in bad condition, not only backward itself, but presenting obstacles of one sort or another to surrounding inprovement. The very best, and indeed the only manageable endowment for a church is one common fund distributed by one common Board, according to the various and ever varying wants of the church. If all the endowments of the Church of England could be fused into eueli a form it would no longer endure at once the reputation of the richest, and the inconvenience of the poorest, church in the worid. It is, however, too good a thing to be expected in our days. But, whenever an occasion does arise, whenever Parliament has the opportunity of choosing between the system of separate endowments, and the more obvious and primitive plan of a common fund, we trust it will choose the latter.
The manifesto of the Church Education Society in Ireland, which we published yesterday, confounds two totally di3tinct things. It is undoubtedly a grievance that a religious body should be prevented from imparting what it conaiders to be religious truth to its own memrners. But the right of teaching the members of your own commumion your own doctrines is one thing, and the right of teaching members of other com-r munions these same doctrines is another. The latter is by no means one of tiose clear, palpable, universal, and unlimited rights to which people can appeal as part of natural law and natural freedom. And the reason of the distinction is plain-viz., that in the latter case you have not only your own religious liberty to conider, but the religious libelrty of another. The BomaQCatholic parent does not vant his shila to be taught Protestntism, and he has a right to prevent it; that is part of his religious liberty. And, therefore, if in the department of natiounl education the Protestant finds himself shacled bey a rule affecting his right of teaching at regards Roman Catholic cbildren, he baa no right to complain as if a -natural ight of his were violated. The distinction is the very obious one between religious liberty nd religious propa- gandism. Religiouslibertis Anmiyer.La unqualified tight an= a man wito is deprived of it suffers a gs NiU7. But religious propagandisani is onlya, I rigt, and only a part of religious libe.ty in a qualed sen, i.s., so far as it doei jot interfere with the religious liberty'- of other commuw-. el-Igious propagandism thus becomes subjpet. matter for arrangemjient, and comee under rules, c}hechs, and provisos. The law very properly allows the most ualimited propagandimn so far as regards adults, and the I1ish Protestan can preach ana argue and try his powers of persuasion to their fullest extent upon the adult Romaniet whenever and wherever he may fall in wit him. B1t in the case of schQol childreni Govermment steps in, and doea not allow propagandism, either ]omanist or Protestant. Tbis, however, is the grievance of the Irish Church Education Society. The Church Education Society complains of the rule, of the INational Board which prohibits, under the penalty of deprivation of all pecuniary assistance from the Board, the indismiminate teaching of Scripture in schools. The Roman Catholics object to this as Protestant propagandism, and therefore Govemment steps in to protect the rights of the Roman Catholic Darent, and prevent.the Roman Catholic child from being taugght the Scriptures. Government considers that the Roman Catholic must ba the judge as to what is or is not against his apiritual interests, and therefore that if he objects to the teaching of Scriptuire, his objection, whether right or wrong, must be attended to so far as regards his own children. The Irish CLurch Education Society,- then, o1bjecta to this rule as an interference with the religiois liberty of the Protestant teacher. But the society, in making sulch objection, is plainly guilty of a simple mistake, and is confounding religious liberty with religious propagandism. Say what they will, they cannot make out that anything but the right of propagandism is affected by this rale. They try very hard to make out that it is a case of violation of religious liberty; but propagandismn is all that the facts of the case, and even their own admissions, prove to be affected. They complain of " the bonds 5C whichrestrict Protestants frompmpagatiwy Scrip- 'tural truth that is to say, they complain because they cannot inculcate their own view of religious truth upon everybody without limitation; but this is simply the right to proselytize, and the right to proselytizo is no unqualified right, but is a right subject to restrictions and limitations. The limitation to the right in the present instance is surely not a hard nor unreasonable one; it is simply that when parents of opposite versuasions send their children to the same school, on the understanding that their faith shall not be tampered with, that understanding shall be observed and respected. There is a tone throughout this nanifesto as if Protestant teachers were required by this role to submit to something against their conscience, something that it would be nmorally wrong to comply with, and which, therefore, to impose under the penalty of exclusion from all benefit from the nublic funds in case of violation, was simply a pecuniary injustice and robbery-the offer of the State assistance upon such terms being equivalent to a deprivation of it altogether. But will the Irish Protestant be good enough to point out what definite -tuconscientious act is forced uponhim? It is easyto talk generally about violation of conscience; but will he lay his finger on the place and say what particular wrong thing he is required to do?t Does he mean seriously to say that to teach a Roman Catliolic child reading, writing, and arithmetic, without the endeavour to change his faith, is, under all circumstances, ipso facio wrong, even if the cnild has been sent by the parent under the express understanding that no such endeavour should be made ? He will reply, perhaps, that on such an understanding it is not wrong, but that it is wrong to have such an understanding to begin -with. But will he seriously maintain that such an understanding and agreement as this is necessarily mrong ? Is not education in itself a benefit to the child; and, if so, does the law of charity positively forbidyou to confer one benefit because you cannot confer another ? Are you prevented by any law, human or divine, frora conferring upon a Roman Catholic the temporal advantages of a knowledge of spelling and the multiplication-table because You cannot couple them with a change of faith, any more than you are prevented from giving him the temporal benefits of food and clothing without this condition ? Let the rich Protestant go back to Srst principles, and not to party maxims and watchwords, for his moral standard. We defy him to show that the rule of the National Board requires him to do anything which is wrong according to any law natural or revealed. But religious parties have a way of maling out everything to be wrong which they happen to dislike, everything which at a71 interferes with their activities. And so the Yrish Protest:at thinks it wrong if he is not allowed to consider the simple fact of seeing so many children in a room together as an unanswerable call to proselytize themn. We should like to inow whether he is ready to follow up this self-imposel law into all its consequences, and obey it in every sphere of action in which it would apply,. The Irish Protestant, we presume, goes out to dinner occasionally where he meets Roman Catholics round the samne table. Does he think it his bounden duty immediately to set to work to convert them ? No; it would be contrary to the rnle of society to do so; it would not be considered good manners, he would be thought a bore, and many other good reasons would be shown why he should not-proselytize at a dinner party. He will tell us that there is a time for everything, and that there is an understanding and implied agreement that when friends and acquaintances meet for pleasure religious controversy should not be introduced. Well, then, the Irish Protestant can comply with the rules of society and not think it at all wrong; but when the rule of the National Board wants him to do the very same thing, he then votes it extremely wrong, and complains of his conscience being violated. There are hundreds of occasions on which the Irish Protestant meets the oRoman Catholic on such terms, and public, social, and Dusmess le 1S ull Ot 'bin -understandng. But the Church Education Society makes the wonderful discovery that the State has actually committed the religious instruction of the tohmau Catholics to the Established Church, and there- I fore that the latter cannot escape from the obligation to teach them1 Protestantizm in school. It is, moreover, specially incongruous that the' ! State should place the niinisters of the Established Church in such relation to all their parishioners, that while they would be liable to certain penalties were they to refuse some of the rites oi' the Churalh to any of them, and while in the, ordination service the duty is inmosed on them of teaching all the people committed to their charge out of the Scriptures, and of banishing all stiange docrnes from among them, it should, instead of aiding them to fulfil these engagements in their scMools, compel them to violate them by the restridive rules of the National system. We may safely leave such argument to any one to answer who can distinguish between form and reality, betw6en documents and facts. WVhatever may be the docamerxtary position of an etablished church, the State now recognizes all wets as equal a far as the right of teaching goes. Suc& an argument aa this would not suit tho English Church even in its cvmpatively powerful vosi- tion, and in the mouth of the Irish ChuiolICit i5 xidic&lous. -
In its anxiety to take no unfair advantage Of clrlunal4 our Eiglish law is too apt to forego, the claims of justice, and, as we h3ve aieady to som0 extent indicated, permits a thousnd loopholes of escape. The offence being committed, =a the offender unknown, there is, in the frst plaee, no one to institute an inquiry-no officer to take COgnizanca of tho enime and ta collect the scattered threads of evidence, except in the extreme case of death. In London, srrounded as we aro with a police ever on the alert, and 'with a newspaper press that ees into every corner and listens to every ummour, this want is not so much felt as in the country, where the detective is unknown and the penny-a-liner is angelic only in the infrequeney of his visits; but there it is a most .3erious want. Even when the criminal is known, and the ' hue and cry" hasbeen raised, it is difficult to lay hands on him; he is allowed the shelter of certain doubts that sometimes are of asmuchhelp to him as if Alsatia and the Savoy were Still in exiztence as places of refuge. Let no uninterested party touch him -without a warrant, unless prepared to make out the case against him, and willing to ran the rik of an action should he fail to be convicted. Nay, if the offendaer commits the wrong before our eyes, it is not in every instance that we are empowered to apprehend him. He must be left to the police, and, unforbmately, the policeman can pursue.him only a certain distance, the baton and the warraut -of one distiict being of no avail in the next. But suppose the offender caught aat last hea has y_et another chance. - - WIiEere the prosecitor ? Who is to undertaLe the expensive and troublesome task or procunng a conviction i ;Suppose a prosecutor found, however, at once able and zealoas, there still remain the incertainties of the trial. The prisoner is, in the first instance, brought before a magistrate, who on a lnimAfacie view of the case determines whether it shall be sent before a jury. In this preliminary court it is quite optional with the magistrate whether he will hear the witnesses of the prisoner or anything he has to say for himself. The criminalisgenerallyindeed advised, even by the Bench, to reserve his defence, not to commit himself to any statement, and to take the chances of the law rather than plead guilty. The counselfor the prisoner is in this -way permitted to elaborate a scheme of defence which is often of the most fictitious character, while the prosecutor, having no knowledge of the line of the argument which is thua to be followed, is unable to meet it, and must subyait to the escape of the criminal. Shoulld he, however, be found GCtuilly by the jury, the convict has a last chance by which he may defeat the ends of justice-he has in the Rome-office a secret 1 tribunal to which he can appeal, and through which he can sometimes obtain an unfair remission of his sentence. These are but a few of the defects of our criminal procedure, but we can only afford to siate general principles, and having entered at some length into the subject of the apprehension and the prosecution of criminals, we have now to make some further remarks on two other points-the treatment of evidence, and the prerogative of the Home-office. The deficiency in the mode of taking evidence to which we refer arises from a want of har-mony between the Court which in the first instance commits and the Court which finally tries the prisoner. The functions of the former tribunal have not yet been fblly appreciated or developed. It does not play into the higher court with due force and precision, and the result is that not only is there an enormous waste of labour, but there is the double evil of justice defeated and injustice conmnitted. We are stating no imaginary case, for example, when we assert that from the refusal to examine witnesses for the defence at this preliminary court many an innocent man is detained in prison for months, and the double error is in this way committed of punishing the innocent and suffering the guilty to escape. Then, on the other hand, there is often a great hardship in the 'law, to which there are very few exceptions, that any person can present a bill of indictment to the grand jury in the first instance, not only without having laid the case before a justice of the peace, but also without notice to the defendant. There are numerous instances in which indictments for perjury and conspiracy have been thus preferred, and by means of which the accused has most unfairly been put on his defence at a momeniVs notice. But if the retention of evidence till the last moment is an injury to the accused, it is, perhaps, still more frequently a clog to juistice. There is no good reason whv a prisoner should not state his defens.e in the police court if he wishes to do so. If the defence be true, so mauch the better for him; if false, so much the worse, as the prosecution will have an opportunity of sifting his statements. Mr. GRP.&vns mentions the case of a man charged with stealing watches at Cheltenham who proposed to call witnesses from London in his behalf. His application was refused, and when the trial came on he proved an alibi, he was acquitted, and it was not until too late that the whole story of the alibi was discovered to be a mere fabrication. Why should the law refuse to take advantage of ! such opportunities ? B3ut the fact is that the whole system of taking depositions at the preliminary courts is faulty, and must be rendered more rinute and reliable. Into details we shal not enter, but let the effects of laxity as in only two ways it shows itself be considered. In the nst place, the depositions are ussually t,l-en only in the event of the prisoner being committed. Hence when a charge is maliciously made and supported by perjury there is no adequate means of proving what was sworn in open cout; hence, too, should the case, having been dismissed, be brought up | for a second hearing before the magistrate, all the witnesses have to be brought up a second time -also. But even if the depositions are taken, they are often useless for future reference, from the 'very terms in which they are expressed. The evidence is naturally elcited in the form of question and answer, and out of these the clerk compounds a categorical statement, which scarcely ever contains more than a nart of the words n1%M by the witness. Iu effect, therefore, the deposi. tion is simply the interpretation of the clerk, and doubts can afterwards be thrown upon it by showing that it was not the actual language of the witness, but only the substance of wnat he said. It is evident that, to test the credibility of the witneszes, the records of evidence ought to -be much-more accurate. And now wit regard to that Royal prerogative of mercy which is dispensed by the Home-ofice. Iu theory no objection can be urged against it, and no man living can regret that in this way justice should sometimes be tempered; but in practice the privilege in the present state of society is liable to abuse. Society is not now what,. it was in thowe feudial Vimea when the prerogative orignated-when the baon might hang _up ow the nearest tree- any of his- retainers, and when it depended on his sole will and pleasure whether he should release his victim. In the days of that arbitrai judicature, tho prerogative of mercy was a great blesaing, and it coltLd not be too largely exercise. Even in later times which many azuo n g- c ac remember, when the feudal ytem had completely passed way, but there xtill reuained a most mngunary ode, tnis preroative ray be described as an unqualed blei Blt now, when Xth crtiminal liaw u Wleni "Wt ?i Afford to malke it, when the - judgureut meat ii occapied not by druinken bullies but by enligitened ad honourable wen, when the legal formulu are eontivedat ou. the defenaant as uh m pmsible, whelieif thefe is partialityit is exertedbybencla,bar and jury forthe benefit of the acd, when, in aword, the admi.- nistration of justice is snore benign and purethLi it ever has beeln i the history of this country, the Royal. prerogative takes a newr apect. When it redresed the wrongs of a judicial qstem thit wu little better than Lynch law, it was a most glorious attribute-" the attribute to GOD hiXef, :But when it interferes -with the couree of justice; which we dare not render mnore lenient and which we. cannot administer mor-e pure, it may be anything but a glorious and benefcent attribhte. ,rot that we wish to annul the prerogative; but we wish to see its limits defined so that- it may not dilute that justice which is in reality the truest nerev- %inm the wellbeing of society depeuds upon it. There is not a sentence of capital punighmentin reference to which the Eome Secretary is not beset -with applications for the remigsion of the penalty, no matter who the criminal, nor how darlk soever his crimes. It wouald save the Home Secretary 1 immense responsibility and a vwast deal of- .trouble if, insteaa of that secret tribunal over which he presides in effect, the limits of. his power were more clearly dcefined, antd tihe course to be pursued more open to public scrutiny. Thefact isfromthesecrecyofthisappeaI statements are made whie the public, and especially the prosecutor, have no opportunity of - andthese statemaents are made np6n affirmation, not upon oati. I is true that the Home Secretary consiLta the Judge who tried the =ase5 but the opinion of the Judge can go no further than the evidence tendered in cotlut; and these appeals are for the most part grounded upon additional information which was not adduced at tne trala. ±iere, again, as in so many other of the deficiencies of our criminal procedure, we see the advanutage of an accredited prosecutor, who is in sucn cases te proper party to consult. There are instances, no doubt, in wlich the additional evidence is most valuable, and 3!Ir. GRnAvFs suggests that in such cases the Home Secretary should have power to authorize a new trial. B3ut it will not do to discredit an elaborate trial and a solemn verdict by treating the forner as simply an expensive game and the latter as merely a tragedy speech. Although we have no reason to complain of the present adnministration of the Home-office, still by the existing system we run a risk of rendering trial by jury a nullity, and it is impossible to foresee all the mischievous resalts which it may entail.
The Exhibition of next year at Manchester bids fair to contain the most magnificent collection of pictures that the world has yet seen. It vill, of course, not be confined to paintings; it will embrace every species of production that comes under the. name of art. But painting is to art in general what a flower is to the plant-the most beautiful part of it; and in being assured that the flower will be unique we may be satisfied that the -est will be perfect. The announcements which have appeared in our columns -within the Inzt few days of the assistance accorded to the directors of the MIanchester Exhibition by those possessed of some of the finest collections in this country have decided the position which this great undertaking is destined to assume. It is just possible that many even of those persons who most heartily admire the wealth and enterprise of Manchester may have been disposed to say, "Can any good thing in the way of art appear "in that city of machinery and manufactures ' The fact is that not only will this Exhibition be the most valuable that has ever been opened in Europe, but there is something peculiirly appropriate in enthroning aUl that is most rare in art in the capital of manufactures, the most costly productions in the emporium of cheapness. As such the Exlibition must be regarded not merely as Manchester's homage to art, but as a national triumph. If there is any truth in the saying that England is the workshop of the world, it is to M-anchester mainly that the title is due. England, of whose exports the cottons of Lmancashire are in value about a third, is thus far identifled with Mnchester, and it would not merely be a national triumph to be able to say that we have collected together the finest gallery in Europe, but it would be a national benefit to add that this gallery is in Manchester. That a gallery-or, since the collection is to contain every description- of art, -we should rather say a museium-fit to be mentioned in such terms might easily be instituted in this country there can be little doubt. If our public galleries, most of which, indeed, are of very recent date, are not to be compared as yet with the continental collections, our private galleries are exceedingly rich. If, however, there is some demur on the part of those possessed of valuable pictures we shall not be surprised, and to a certain extent we can all sympatdize in thls unwillingness to part with cherished possessions. At the same time, it is for all such persons to consider .whether they will withhold their names and their assistance from a national demonstration of this kind. Not miany persons, we are convinced, will be willing to incur the odium of refusing, or to forego the honour of contributing, any valuable works in their posseasion to so important an Exhibition. The QuEzz and Prince ATs=nT have set the good example of promising their choicest treawres; and if we should name all the noblemen and gentlemen who have acted in the same spirit we should name three-fourths of those whose collections have become celebrated. Whoever may hold bacL-, there can be no doubt of the result, The treasures of art in the united kingdom are beyond price, and their arrangement in MEanchester next year wil be without a parallel.
COUBR CIrCULAR. TBAIMORAI., SErP. 9. Her bjesty the Qteen and her Rloyal H4gns the Prine-sRoyal,attendedby theiarcidoness of Ey, yodo oit yesteday afternoon. His Royal Highness the Duke of Camnbridge, with Iientenat-Colonel the Hon. J. Macdonald, C.-B, left Balmoral yesterday morning. Her Royal Highes the Daches of Eent, her Sercue Hg'hneeo tho ?inoes Amlie, and Iady August Bre dined-with Her Majesty y6sterday. The Turldsh Ambassador lad an intervieowith -Vicoint Palmeryesterday. The rech cbargd'Affirs had a-o An interview with the noble Visount. at his o&cial residence in Downing-street. Des atchws -were reoeive from t1he LordF Hi& Comnigsioner of the Ionn Tlads yesteray at the Colonial-office.
iLATE3T NTEwGEN -- INDIA, CllIA, AND AUSTRhAAI (11Y 5!SU3KL3U AWD- SWM5S TIRUW1.4 We have received the folowing telegraphic ms sge from Triste, in auticipati Of the ov4eandl Mi :_ : ." TB;IESTh Ssr. 10t "The steamer Aautrolia Arrived ti inorning a. -8 1f, in 110 hours from Alexandria, which she le. on the 5th of September. "1 The India mail left AlexandrLs on the R cd September, with intelligence frsrn Calcutta, Aug. 9; Bombay, Aug. 13; Eonkong, JulTy25; Singapore, Aug. 2'; Mauritius, July 24; MIelboume, June 24 Sydney, June 19; ew Zealand, May 21. "In India treaty is beingnegotiated with the Momund chiefs, hitherto the only diaurbers of the peaceon the north-west frontier. "Burmah is to be made over to the Madras a-my. "Oade isperfectly quiet, andourforees there are to be reduced. "Lord Canning is at Callctta. His health has improvoed. " The annual report of the trade of Calta shows great improvement. Exchange at Calcntt, 25. lid. " The Bombay import-market was dull; money abundant. Exchange; 2. -id. " In China the rebels took pooeuion of Tanyang on the 6th of July-a step which brings them close to Souchow, the capital of the proninoe, and outlet of conunerce from Shanghai. " The Imperial ileet or 4o sai is cooped up neaw Wanld-. " The American house of Wetzore and Co. had suspended payment. " Nir. Howard Cunningham had been killed by the Chinese. " Exhange at Canton, 4 10bd. ; at Shanghai, 7a. 4d. " At M1auritius the crop had been unprecedented, amountingto 125,000 tons. The balance in Treasury was 300,000X., and the revenue flourishing. The cholera eased on the 28th of June. "F rom Australia we learn that heavy rains had hindered diggers, but, nevertheless, the yiel of gold continued good. " The total gold received at Melbourne by escort from the beginning of the year to the 19th of June was over 900,000 ounces. "The Joseph Tarratt sailed from Melbourne on the 14th of June with 21,000 ounces, for Liverpool. " In the week ending the 19th of June 58,000 ounces had been shipped, chiefly inthe Sardinian, to, sail for Liverpool on the 25th of June. "The balance of trade continued largelyin favour of the colony. In the week ending the 19th of June the value of exports was 305,000L ; Imports, 243,0W. "The surplus of exports over imports for the expired portion of the year was about 2,000,0001. "At Forest Creek 2 tons of quartz had yielded 533 ounces of gold. "The Shalimar had arrived on the 23d of June, damagea by a gale. The Atalanta, fom Liverpool, had arrived ina 79 days. The Joseph 3Baines had not arrived. "A griculture and domestic manufactures were largely extending. " From New Zealand we learn that at -harananid on the 3d of MIay the natives had fought with the :British troops, when 18-were killed and wounded. " Gold has been discovered near Nelson, and a large lode of copper at the height of 1,800 feet on the Dun Mountain. " Uninsured property, valued at 25,0001., had been destroyed by fire at Wellington."
QJUEBEC PIRAY. TO TEE EDfl'O1l OF THE TLMES. Sir,-Pert meto cail yourtfAention to-be lamentable and disgracefal state of afirs esisting at this port. The criapingsystem hasow reached slth a pitth that the force of lw is completay set at defiance, the life of a British sipiaster in a Brii port is no longer safe, and piracy stalks abroad unchecked i3 the midst of a Bitisha populatioa aad ander the very walls of a British fortress. FIght after saight shpe in the brbour ar boarded by crimps well amed vitn ro*olvem the crews carried Ofr the 3masters. and offlcers amc threatened -ith instaut deatI if they reist or interfere, an& the owsers property plundered wholesale. And for this state of trgs the authorifies here either cannot or wil not fnd a zenQ_y. Icancitescoresof instances toprew the truth of the above. Let one or two specimens suffic ere is one*- "tXr. EAtor,-On Tuesday nigh* lat the brig Me g was boarded at 7 p.m. by foe boats, one on each bow and one on eah quxrter. A moa frsom each boat came on 1ooard, armed with pistes and clubs darinr the m=te and secoud=Wte to speak a word, at t:he peril oft heirlives; one oftheipresentedapistol theolmsbreast. They took three of the men with tiem, as it s;=eared, against their wish ; the man who resolutely efiseQ:ad his chestheoken open ltihem, his clothes stolnn they also stole all th spae linesthatwereondeck. astig the Itgina wasaga boarded, by probably the same scosadrels, when one, bare. foot, went to the captain's stateroom and endeavexred to stal h is chronometerand sextat 4 liis wife gavetl alarm. He then blew out the candle, ji d into his bwk cat the painter, and escapei before tbe arewr could coma to the rescue. The captain as during the time at Yontreal oa business. "ncAcy- ssQS;]B ' Quebec, Aug. 21, 186." Another:- The Crimps indvae two poor ioolish creasts ta sue fcr 13 monts' wages, due to them ior service on beard the M. A. Peters, hoping to grab some 30. from eaxch, besides 6,4' one-half their holeward wages The police magistrate decides that there is sae flaw int the wording of ties articles, an3 ordera payment. - We remove it by ccrtiorario the surior court, in order to defeat the erimps, when a body o them go on board amed, take possession of the ship and defy il the police in the place to remove them until the wages ae pid.e DurnDgthewleole of this seaaon'we havepai 10l. tol12. sterling persuouth for asiors; the majority of ships lose the 'whple or a portion of their crows, and heo dead less to British shipowners engaged in this tden lll notbeless thanmt,t . sterid ng for therpresent season slone. Cnow, Sir, f tho authorities here am 'powerlesh, can it be that with so many proed ships lyingidlse we areto be left x crey to nirates in a British port an der the p ery shadof of the ritiIt t n int gbut single case of this kind occur on the coast of Mforoncc, ad forthwitpe authole s3eet isde- ;patched to punish the offenders. Can none oE the 3,000 aoldiers ouew in garrison here be permnitfedto aia sna "preerigla' and or'er 7 C an the.Government not spare a single ship, with afewr marines, for thne protection of thel,OOO or 1,200 shipa wh:ich annually visit this port7 Ca the representatves of our saports at homae do nothing ? Pray mge this matter on the proper authorities until suck S POlDsg ce be blotted Out. I am. SAir. your obedicrnt servat. HENRY 7RY. Tlova's Awpnt Quebu A&ugus 26.
THE EVACUATION OF KARS. ,F^RO' A COMMOl2DIM1T.1 - . BEIZEROU31, AuG. G.- On the Gth insh- tho fortres of Kars was estored by tie usians to the Tniks, and, as this event derives speeial inteest and importance from boibs. the closing scene of the VI up some acoant- on it hbeond the dry official report will pehaps be acceptable to the pnblic. I should obs,-ve that th6 6th had been fixed for the occa. ede eo& time previously at a per3onal conference between thu Musbir Ismail Pasha and Colonel Lorismelikoff, Gcvecmor and Commandan of Kms, who, to do the greatei koncur to his late enemy repaired himself with a brillia; stiff to Erzeronum for the purpose, whence he ,eturned to ars on the 2d ins On the 3d he wan folloved by three British officers-viz., Mijoy Peel,Major Frar, and Mr. Evans, 5th Lancers, who came as the representatives of the country and army to which they belong. It waa my good fortune to be joined with them in this iateresting duty, and, having taken an native part with them inx the whole ploceeding, all the particulars here narrated came writhia range of my own observation. On reporting our arnival to the Governor, every attention gas immediat;ely shown that respect and hospitality could suggest; General Boutiloff insisted upon giving up his room for our ..ccomsnodatiosc; we were pressingly invited to dine with the Governor every day during our stay; horses were placed at our disposal, and a Cossack escort told off to attend upon us. These civilities, which -policy, if not abetter motive,would have dictated, were, perhaps, in some measure intended to repay. the friendly reception which Lorismelikoff and suite experienced from the officers of the British staff on the occasion of his recent visit to Erzerounm. But I would no: attach much value to this remark, for since the estab'lishmoent of peace the mceting of British ancd Russian officers in these parts has in everyinstance been chawacterized by| feelings worthy of gallant gentlemen and soldiers. On the 4th we vsited the scene of the bloody fight of the 29th of September, -being accompanied by a Cossack officer who was himself engaged in that memorable struggle. Ris account of the whole affar was clear and circumstantial; he related every incident, and pointed out every spot of special interest; and it was impossible not to admire the composure-I may ray the stoicism-with which he thu5 detailed for our information the particulars of as signal a defeat as his countrymen sustained throughout the war. The ridiculous will always tread upon the sublime; the absurd will not be scared even from a battle-field. Here it attached itself to the person of one of our party-a nobust John Bull, who, got up in his best staff uniform, was obliged by some whimsical chance to ride in a Cos-aak saddle on a little ragged restiff horse; nothing but his innate horsenmanship enabled him to holi on with bis knees doubled up at an angle of 45°. Such an exhibition would prove irresistible at Astley's, still it Zailed to diaturb the gravity of our solemn Mentor. On the 5th we dined at the Russian camp with General Eruloff, wvho invited a large party of his friends to meet uss; toasts were the order of the day, and General Williams's health was drunk three times with enthusiastic cheers, in which the troop-, who had gathered in force round the tent, joined to the foll stretch of their voices. After dinner, which wasU over at 3 o'clock, there was a parade for all hands. We had an opportunity of witnessing some beautiful Cossack? drill, and then went down the rank3 of the infantry. In stature the men were belovw the average height, but they were well appointed and drilled. The Russian camp, I shoull observe, is about four miles from Karn, on the road to Gumri, and comprises about 5,000 men of all arms. At an early hour on the 6th we stated with our Cossack escort to meet the Turkish troops, who were m-arching in mnder the command of Hcssein Pashs. They consisted -of two battalions of infantry, two companies of Chas-zeurs, one troop of Lancers, and two gun-the force which, natil farther orders, is to constitute the garrison of Kars. Joining them a few miles from -the town, we aacompanied them for the remainder of their march in, and, tell it not In Gath, on the way Hussein Pasha was gad to learn a few hints as to the m anner in which he was to act his part. Approaching the fortress we found the Russian infantry, under Lorismelikoff, formed in line to receive us, outside the works, on the Erzeroum-road. At the distance of about 10 yards from them the Turkish column halted, and deployed into line, parallel to and facing the Russians. General salutes -ere exchangeed, after which the lines broke into contiguous columns of sections, and marched side by side 2nto the fortrs. The Turkish flag was hoisted on the titadel, salutes were fired, the Russian guard and sentries were relieved by Turks, and the old fortress was once more in possession of its former owners. There was no cheering, no espressinn of popular feeling; but the 'whole affair was as inanimate and formal as can well be conceived. During the short time the Russian' and Turldkh troops were drawn up face to face we were struck with the superior personnel of theLatter; in every other respect the advantage was with the former, At 9 a.m. on the following the AMushir arrived; either personal feeling or mational etiquette forbade his entering the fortress unEIl it had bee evacuated by the Russians; he rode without any display into the town, and retired at once to the quarters which had been provided for his reception. We went out several miles to meet him, accompanied by -our band of faithful Cos-aciks, who, plain as they were in dress and appointments, contrasted most favourably as soldiers with the gaudy troop of Bashi-Bazouks that escorted his Excellency. f We all met by appointment, en,prande Ienue, at 3 o'clock, tha Mushir accompanied by a host of Turkish officers and Lorismelikoff with all his staff, each party being attended bya mounted escort. Filing through the narrow streets, vwe proceeded to the Russian eamp, where a grand review had been ordered in honour of the Mushir. On ulearing the heights of Karadagh we were met by General Eruloff and staff. Between the two chiefs there was no lack of outward cordiality, and on taking their place in front they headed the procession the rest of the way. AU along the road the Cossacks and BashlBazouks kept tip a constnt succession of moek skdrmishes and single -combats, in which each part made the best display of his ,peculiar tactics. The superior adroitnrsss of the Cossack was, however, eonspicuous, both in horsemanship and the use of his vweapons. Some of their feats were astonishing. Juist fancy a man, when closely pressed by his adversary, at full speed, disappearing over his horse's side, and, holdIng on by the heel, leaving nothing but the sole of a buskin -nZn mark! Eis wily little horse, thoroughly trained to aU thesn naa-canvres, or rather seeming to exercisa an indepen. -dent inaIligence of its own, carries him safely out of harm's NvAy, and soon after he reappears on the offensive when ant iwhere least expectedL Ihese ikirmishes threatening more than once to exceed the limitz of mere display,it was deemed advisable to reeall the partias to 'he ranis. An honr's riding brought us to the camp where we found the whol', Russian force paraded in marching order. The Wlushir wrs received with a general salute and rounds of cheers (nut exactly the Brits cheer), after which, breaking into opezi columns, the trcopsmarched past-the infantry in slow time, the Cossacks at the galop. And here again these nTonibhing horsemen treated us to some specimens of their ludin-rnubbr performancees. While at full speeed some would spring from the stirrups to a standing position in the-saddletree, otlers rwoald bend down out of sight; they writhed and twi,'ed about, backwards, forwards, and sideways, after 'a fas;hion th-st, I thaink, would astonish your stately giant at -the Hors-e Guards, while, at the same time, they rent the air with Yells and s-reams of most unearthily discord. May the fortune of war defead me from such enemies! The r-view over, we proceeded to the tent of General Mrioff, where a magnificent banquet was ready spread, and we spen- the remainder of the day and a great part of the night to-. in a course offeasting and drinking which,prhap4 1 it would ~se as well not to describe too minutely. It was a ay of f-sivity for alL As long as there was light the sOleiers cngaged in coarse comedies, one personating to admiration the character of a lady of the camp. When 4-akess se- in thez-e amusements were succeeded by fire- Wrork3. I Within the tent all was good fellowship. Champagne flowed wi:hout stint. HEealths were drunk with uproarious applause, the Sultasn, our Queen, lapoleon, theo Emperor, iMouravief, Wqilliam, &ac.; and at last the fraternization was carried to such a degree of warmth that it could be expressed only by embraces. My English friends were the special Ohiects of these caresses; and it was amusing to witncss -the fervour with which these men of broad shouldezs and Wearded faces were hudged aud kissed by our loving friends. We s!-i ,t that night at the camp, liathe tent of a general officer whiich had been kindly vacated for our use, and over wihich a strong guard of honour was posted. Next day, accordit-g to orders, we set out for Erzeroum, after cm affectiona te leave-taking with our hospitable friends.
RBr:-z.,-E_NTAvox Co LCm,.SThR. -Three new candidates are zlread7 in the field for tho representation of Colchee.r. in anticination of an approaching vacanoyDir. A. Hamilton, ofRomford (a barrister on the Rorn) Circait); Mr. J. G. Rebow, of Wivenhoe-park; And Air. T. G. Miller, or Upper Tooixn. iMr. Hamilton and Mr. Duler are C vative4 Mr. Rebovw describes his opi .n as "consKitutio ly liberaL" All three candidates eclare their intention opposo the ondowmient of May. Co!onel Lake, C.B., is about to be biiqsgit into iDe Boya! army Vith tha rank of ieunteat-Colcnel Unat.
E : - - - TH EMIPEROR- IX THE PYRENEES. ,- CoRr -DENT.) -(ru6m m ow- -moll Thg illiperor and Empress, taeompanied by a few attendants, .viited on Friday the picturesque valley of Carmbo, -which is situate at the entrance of the Pyrenees, and is distant about three hours from Bayonne. The road to this halting-place in the Basque country is by Marrac and Ustarits. The chateau of Marrac is now a ruin, but it has lost nothing of its historic interest. It was under its roof that Napoleon u. began to execute his projects against Spain. It was there that the great political drama was performed in which the principal actors, after himiself, were Charles IV., his Queen MariaLouisa, her paramour Manuel Godoy, and their unworthy son, the Thdace of the Astuzias, afterwards Ferdinand VII. It wvas there that Joseph Bonaparte received the fatal gift of the Grown of Spain and the Indies; and it was from those gates that the "Royal Wittol" and his depraved Queen departed for Compiegne, with such consolation as a yearly allo w- ance of 30,000,009 of reals could afford, and their unnatiral son was sent to Valeneay with 1,000, OOf., as the price of his dionour. And, finally, it was there that Napoleon himself prepared the invasion of Spain by his armies, and which before long he had reason to regxet bitterly. The present occupaint of the Iniperial throne of France must, as he passed before it, have regarded with curiosity a monument so suggestive of instrution and of warning; ao 1 the esgh t of thos e decayed wails and that deserted domain may, have confirmed him in the resolution he has more than once expressed of.. not repeating the faults committed by his uncle, whatever errors he himself may fall into. The chateau of farrac was a suburban residence, in an agreeable situation, and with grounds weU wooded and sloping down to the banks of the Nive. It had no other celebrity than wh=at the residence of its Imperial tenant gave it. But it did not long s-urvive that honour. Ite destruction by fire soon after Napoleon quitted it seemed like the prelude of the conflagration which broke out in Spain when the unconquerable spirit of her people was stirred up against the invader; and it foreshadowed the deso!ation in which his wonderful career was doomed to close. Should the demon of conquest ever tempt the Sovereign of France, a glance at the blackened ruins of Marrac might. serve as a lesson and a warning. Camnbo is the Biarritz of the mountain. It affords during the spring and autumn seasons the pleasnre and the benefit which are to be found at Biarritz during the summer months. Its mineral waters, ferruginous and sulphurous, issue from beneath wooded rocks; and the numerous votive offerings suspended to the roof of its church are a pious testimony to their salutary power. The air of its valley is soft and genial, and it attracts the visitor the moment the first ravs of the sum have tempered the, rigour of vinter. 'Upper Cambo stands on a lofty terrace, at the foot of which spreads out the valley in a circular form, boundsa on the oppo3ite side by an amphitheatre of verdant heights rsing in graceful lines behind each other; vhie the surface of the ground itself, level as a bowling-green, is covered with meadows and fields of Indian corn, throuch which the silvery waters of the Nive wind along. The old village of Lower Cambo lies at the opposite extremity, but is almost concealed from view in the shadow or a wooded eminence. A few detached houses appear here and there on the meadows close to the bank of the stream, half concealed by a curtain of willows and poplars, or rising on the summit and declivities of the hills, amid thick foliage. The small church stands outside the village, in the centre of what seems, at a distance, to be a garden covered with flowers, but which is the public cemetery, called in the dialect of the country ILeri, or the region of the dead. It is customary with the Basque population to visit Cambo, as well as Biarritz, once in the year, and with a certain de-ree of solemnity. It is on the eve of St. John that the incursion takes place, and crowds of pilgrims fock from valley and mountain to itawaters. Thepilgrimsgeelaats24houre; itisaccompanied by dancing, and those shrill cries which so often befoe awol;e the echoes of those hills are incessarLt. The Basque mountaineer deemz. it an obligation to drink of the mineral waters of Cambo once a year. as wel as to bathe in the sea at Biarritz; and their great ablution takes place on the Sunday following the Assumption. Fortified with copious draughts of the mineral within, and the salt water or Biarritz externally, the Basque fears no evil that flesh is heir to, exceptit maybe theblow of a cudgel from a rival, or a bullet from the musket of the Customnhouse officer. Friday was not wholly favourable to the Imperial visitors. As they were on their way to the gorge of the Pas de Roctai, where the redoubtable P'aladin opened with his battle-axe a passage in the mountain for the knights who followed his banner, the party was overtaken by a shower of rain-such a shower as falls in those mountains. They had time, however, to admire the picturesque scenery, and even to enjoy a repast in the open air. They returned inthe evening to Biarritz. The grounds of the Imperial villa atBiarritz offer no shelter nor recreation. The house stands on a low barren spot, so close to the sea that when the wind is high the spray dashes against the windows. An attempt at planting has been made, but the plants do not appear to prosper, and the scant herbage hardly conceals the sandy soil on which it was sown. The palace is convenient for bathing,, but it presents few advantages otherwise. For some days after the Emperor's anrival worknmen were employed in stopping up the apertures through which the water oozed to his private room. The Emperor's stay at this place will depend on the weather, which, until the last day or two, was very fine. A change, however, has occurred. High winds, a cloudy sky, and heavy and constant rain do not allow any place to appear to advantaDge, and Biarritz is not an exception. Many persons have already left, and others are leavmng daily, but their places are more than filled by new comers. The importance of this place has so much increased in consequence of the railroad which now extends in an uninterrupted line from Paris to Bayonne, the establishment of pleasure trains from Bordeaux, and the presence of the Court during the summi c months, that it is contemplated to constract a tramway from Bayonne to Biarritz. The present uncomfortable conveyances and the extortion attempted by some of the ordi., nary omnibus proDrietors render such an improvement desirable. It will probably be carried out before the next season commences. The crowd of visitors has increased so much that the local paper has ceased publishing the lists. No previous season has been so successful or so profitable to the town and neighbourhood as the present. From Spain there is no political news deserving ofnotice. With slight exceptions, the country is tranquil; but the same uncertainty prevails as to the future policy and fate of the O'Donnell Ministry. The name of Narvaez is more frequently mentioned, and the probability of hzis superseding the present Government is more generally discussed. A person who has been himsel one of the principal victims of the last revolution admits that the -Prog,resista party is for the present crushed, and it is dicult to assign a term for its resuscitation. The want of decision or rather of foresight on the part of Espartero is admitted by his best friends, though some assert that he is not so much to blame as is generally supposed. He appears, however, to have lost all uprestie even among the classes with whom he was most popuLar, and in the districts where his name was idolized he has completely fallen into dis- rerdit. General Gurrea anld some others who figured in the late events, and who recently entered France as refugees, have, at the request of the Spanish Governmnent, been sent to the interior. Their present destination is Bordeaux and Tours. Others who quiitted Spain on the overthrow of the Polaco Government may be seen still hovering near the frontier._ -
Foul MN DnOWNG:D.-A most distressinv acciclent occurred in the little seaportofBlyth, on the Northumberland coast, on Monday, by which four lives were sacrificed. It is a remarkable circumstance that, though a great portion of the population of this district have to make a ving upon the vyater, scacelY one in 10 of them can swim. SoC Otorious isit that the Dke of NTorthumberlxnd, at his own cot, has a person engagod teaching the people in the flg viiages this art., ]tosive improvements are being lnueo m Blyth harbour, with a niew to improve it as a shippglaceforcoal. On Wonday&numbmerofmen were employed swingng a barge, wrhich had been taling in muad from the dredger. Shoe walopaided fromhaving too much ballaston one side,and,ektiguintothetid ea. Thirteen men Ware plungediinto te ewater, and every efort was made to rescue them; but,, as few-of them could swim, this was a very hazardous job, and kcur of them ssmk and Wire drowned. Their bodies bave beenrecovered, and ax. aswait ing eta c-Ar ne3t.-Xa7n4Wg9c 1uerdZian. j .
: aLOOESTER MUSICAL FBSTIVAL. (FROM OVA OWN nzroan=.) GLOOE th, gppa 10. The first miscellaneoiis Concert of'vl arnd instrumental] musin took- place yesterdav eVitslg in tho Shire-hall-a buildingl wlich, whatever the ar-Utaetul 'beauty of its exterior, does not present internal accomnodations so well adapted for performances of this description as might be desiad. Nor is the aspect of tne interior attractive. However a strangter may feel edified on being told, as he approaches the really handsome portico, sustaineda by collemna of the Ionic order, that he is in presence of I the fac-s(mile of an ancient llyssian temple, the majesty of thofaqade, theimpoeingarrTy of stone staircasea which coriduct to the courts and to the large haU, and all the impressions they may havo conjured up, are completely forgotten when the entrance to the hall is accomplished. There is a bareness, if we may so express ourselves, about it which is but-slightly relieved by the exensive bas-relief of King John signing Magna Charta and the effigy of the Royal arms, the only objects to break the prevalent monotony. The raised orchestra, too, is anythingbuta. sightly object, while it is backed by an organ as naked of decoration as the walls around it, and the only apparent ase of which istodamage theeffect of soundbyhidingin a great measure the two wings of the chorus from each other, and forcing the instrmental perforners to range themselies in such order or disorder as to render unity of action chimerical and perplex the conductor. The music-room of the Shire-hIl,. when crammed to suffocation, may afford questionable elbor,room to some thousand visitors, and, to judge from the appearance last night, we should put down the number of the audience at between 700 and 800. - The room ws filled, though not crowded, by a very eleganbt and well-dressed assembly, in which, as there wa3 a. baU to follow the concert, the sexes wvere pretty evenly balanced. The entertianment began with the following well-chosen selection from thewoorks of Mozart:- Overture-. . Zauberute. Aria-'a vedetta ,. . Figaro. Arla-"Dalasna pae"..n DO GiovannL Recitatire and aria-"Dove SODO" .. Figaro. Asia -"N1on iu andrai. Figo. Duetta-Sul' aria .. Figaro. Aria-" Deh per qie3to istante" .. Ia; Clemenza di Tito. The above may be described, fairly and without rhapsody, as abouqueb of exquisite flowers, each flower a bouquet of itself. It was a genuine treat to hear so uninterrupted a flow of beautiful and natural 3melody. The overture toZauberjf76te was well played by the band. The fine air "La Vendetta," sung with the proper character by Mr. Weiss, and "Dalla sa pace" wllhich we are giad to find becomingso much-thevogue) to perfection by Mr. Sims Reeves. M. Gassier, too,-gave a spirited reading of " Non piu andrai," that famous burst of irony in which the Jea- lous barber and factotum so unmercifully mockis poor. Cherubino. Thelong andbeautifulairfrom Tito was sung with such purity of expression and richness of tone by Alboni-whose glorious voice it fits to a nicety-that we are led to hope she maymake an especial shtdyof the songs of Mfozart, in order to enricliher own perloire and varythe gratification of her admirers. No one has forgotten "Voiche sapete," " Batti batti," and "Vedrai Carino," when atHer Majesty's Theatre and the RoyalItalian Operal Alboni sustained the parts of Zerlina, and the Page in Figaro. To these she might profitably add the songs from La C0eneenz di Tito, since the melody of Mozart in a great measure sprang from his early Italian associations (when, as a boy, he composed operas for the great Italian theatres), and is eminently suited to the Italian style of singing. The lovely.| air Oi the Countess Almaviva ("Dove sono') and the share I belonging to the same pers onage in "Sul' aria,"}.1 were consigned to Mrs. C lare Hepworth, whose extreme timidity disabled her in a great measuro from doing justice to her voice, and further jnstifying the good impression she had produced in the catheda-al In the duet she enjoyed the valaable co-operation of Madame Clara Novello; but, although injudicious friends insisted upon a repetition (which after some delay was complied with), it- was generally felt that the tones of the maid, Susanna, were far too powerful for those of her mistress, the Countess. This comes of over-eagerness on the part of her advisers to bring Mrs. iHepworth prominently forward before she caa be said to be artistically weaned. A greater error could har(Uy be committed. The recitative and air of Susanna alone were enough to engross the attention of a young beginner; and had this single piece been confided to Mrs. Hepwortb, she would have given ample satisfaction to her sincere wvell-wishers, and, instead of galloping through the recitative and delivering the air, as it were, en r ooc de chafire, the first might have been given with the required emphasis, the lastwith the more ernest sentiment, and both with greater effect. The Mozart selection was followed by the splenaidSinale from Mendelssohn's uncompleted Lordey, in which Madame Novello declaimed the solos of Len or,0 the destined victim of the Rhine spirits, with wonderful energy and power; but she took the pathetic cartdabUil rovcment in F sharp miuor-" Wretched-! deceived !" &W.-considerably too quick, and so deprived it of its deep and passionate meaning. The chorus failed to do,justice to this great com- position; norcould theband, made upthoughit wasof firstrate executants, man age to keep the singers at al lp to the mark. The frequent appearance of this fince in concert programmes is creditable to their projectors, who, however, seem to have overlooked the fact that an " Ave Maria" of infinite beauty is also among the finished pieces from the same opera. The second part of the concert svas " miscellaneois," in the strictest sense of the word. It began with a very spirited performance of the overture to ASacreon; after which Madame Viardot Garcia once more excited an equal measure of astonislurent and enthusiasm by her really marvellous execution of the bra?vu-a from Graunys Brianico, in which the infuriated Agrippina lets loose her rage upon the head of her imperial and wicked son. There are critics who cite this air as fine m3usic; but to us it presents no purely musical idea at all, but rather that of a series of roulades and scale-passages upon a "ground (Graun'd?) bass." The duet between Carlo and linda di Chamouni, "Da quel di," sumg by Mr. Sims Reeves and Madame Novello, was accompanied towards the end, where the ca)acfta a due occurs, in a manner decidedly more original than pleasing. The conductor and the two principal violins -were beating antagonistic "tempi, wlhich the delinquent instruments, not being able to obey, quietly set at nought, and played in a style of their own Their "style," however, was by no means in strict accord. ance with that of the singers, while the latter were (almost inaudibly) whispering- "A consolarmi affretti, 0 giorno sospirato ! "- instead of sieging it above breath, that the audience no less than the orchestra might occasionally catch the soundsand thus much confusion prevailed. The last movement of the duet, in spite of all this, was encored. The tvo next nieces were both good in their vay; the first X graceful ballad, " No jewell'd Beauty is my Love," com. posed by Mr. Calkin, and cheamingly sung by Mrs. Loc;ey to pianoforte accompaniments (hEr. Done); the second, 'Blo v gentlo Gales," one of Bishop's best five-part glee.', which, almost fanltlessly given by Ars. Hepworth, Madame Viardot, Messrs. Lockey, Hunt, and Weiss, presented an agreeable contras' to a late performance of the same kind at the inauguration of the new Music-hall in Birmingham. To name "f1 segreto per esser felice" and Alboni as the singer is equivalent to recording that the fariliar drinking song of Maffeo Orsini was incomparably delivered, applauded w.th rapture, and unanimously encored. Perhaps itwas never more effectively sung by the admirable prima doeina The manner in which the accompaniments to this and the duet, " Dnque io son'-where Alboni wms Rosina and M. Gassier Figaro-were renderedwas so discreditablethat the fact must not be passed over. IE music so well known to allthe members of the band) that it could be easily playedwithoue book we were at a loss to explain this exiibition of incompetence. A pleasing duet, composed by Mr. Frank Romer, " When the wind blows," extremely wdi given by Mr. and Mrs. Lockey, aud " Ah ! si de'm,1i miei" (from Ta2zcredi), which received al possible effect from the united talents of Madame Viardot Garcia and Mr. Sims Reeves, were sIso among 'the concerted pieces. Not the least interesting feature inthe performance wasTHimrnels beautifuI song, "When night spreads her shadows around" (Yarico's address to her lover-the words by Peter Pindar), which MIr. Lockey deserves -thanks for rcuing from obli- v 'ion and for singing wvith such true sentiment. Such things are too rare not to beodoubly welcome to all who have a taste for music at once simple and genuine. -.The concert came to an end with Wilbye's madrigal "Mlora gave me fairest flowers." In this ihe chorus were ompeUled to stop and begin again-a striking but hardly a triumphant climar. The audience, however, expectant of the dance, were careless at this period of what went9ninthe orchestr The benches were quickly removed, the ball was inaugurated with unusual spirit (although there was not too much room for the dancers), and wras kept up un l an hour which, aswe did not remuain to take note of, we are unable to commemorate. The service at 8 o'clock this morning, under the direction of Mr.Townshend Smith, organist ofHereford, attracted a numerous and attentive congregation to the choir, which is even more favourable to muic tha the nave,' and is one of the most interesting and be*utiful objects in the cathedraL The 'musical part of the servioe oomprised a chant by Mforley, Green's anthem " God is our hope," the eternal "Rogers in I" (which ought long ago to haive bwee on. ipe&d to obliion), and Tallis's Prwc-tbs lMtnamsed vithout organ acompanient. hc selectioniwas ell-enog for the purpoee, and probably more rdily omaprhended than if it bid Wb better and newer by tho iajority of those present, who had been so long habituted to the same things that any innovation migh-s-have. stdled them from thglrpropriety The i¢*tledral was fully attaend toAtay, M uas exdted5l and the performance of MendeLssohn's Et,ija[ ake it for iuinall, -wvas thte-b3es6 We have heard in Glocester. This denotes progress; an It is rabto be able to state so much; as a proof that the stadu quo is Dot the boundari mark set down by the organits -And choirs of the three cities. Much more remains to he done, however, before the execuntin of Elijah can be said to have attained the IrcsisW standard; but wlhen it is remembered that B;icah has only been composed ten y.ars, and Theo Mesoial upwards of a century, it is matter both for surprise and gratulation that the younger -work, which is so much snoredifficultforthe voices and instruments, should in so short n space of time havo become familiar to our sDOl singer4 choirs, and orchestras. To Say the least, this is ana I indirect acknowledginent of the beauty and _ublimity of the work, and a becoming mark of homage to the genius of its lamentedanduniversna esteemed compSoSr, thelossof whose Christusw, to the cause of charity, not less than that of at is incalculable. There are both advantages and disadvantages with regard to musical performances in cathedrals; but whatis lost in clearness, owing tothe echo andvibration, is retrieved, where sacred mnsic is concerned, in other ways. I The. effect of solemnity is rather increased than otherwise by the harmonly of voices and instruments reverberating through the aisles,. amid the broad and ample columns. The sacred. associations of the pLace, too, cannot fail to- exercise an infutence onl ac, mints that are given to devotion; and, it is reasonable to believe that the sturdiest opponent -ofmusica performances in a church would stand a fair chance of being converted from his views- after hearing such an apostrophe to the Divinity as the quartet withehorus,-"Holy,holty, holy is 'God the Lord.the Lord 'Sabaotli! Now flis glorz hatth filledall the eArtlh"-in which the excausitioons of!the seraphims [as paraphrased from Isaiah) are alliedE to-misic as near-lapproachingto sublimityand as worthyof companic.nship with the text as any human effort can possibly be said to approach the spirit of that which is divinely inspiredc, This magnificentVhymn, magnifi6ent in its sinrplicity as in its grandeur, was nobly executed by Madame Nlovello (principal soprano), Mrs. Hepworth, MaaIme Viardot Garcia, and Mr. Lockey, assisted by the orchestra and choir. It is not requisite that we -should, describe the performance of Elijas it length. We have stated our good opiniois of it generaUy above, and have only to add that the solo parts were distributed among Mrs. Repworth and Madame iWovello (sopranos), Mrs. Lockey and Madame Viardob Garcia (contraltos), Messrs. Iockey and Sims :Reeves (tenors); and Mr. Weiss, who sang the whole of the music of Elijah. Mr. Taomas undertook the subordinate bass part, and with Miss Temple and Mr. Hunt assisted in the double quartet-" For le shallgivo Eis angels charge' -which, by the way, did 7zot go so well as recently at Birmingham. A fault perceptible in the execution of this concerted piece and most of the choruses must be hoticed, since, if not checked, it threatens to merge into a tradition -we allude to the times indicated by the conductor, which were, with few exceptions, slower than. was intended bythe composer, whose music suffers more from such modifications than that of any other master. The solo pieces, which appeared to maake the most sensible impression (applause and encoresbeingveryvwiselydone away, and the Bishop no longer exercising his prerogative), were the tenor air, " If with ill your hearts" (Mr. Lockey); the contraIto air, "Woe unto them" (Mrs. Lockey); "Hear ye, Israerl (Mdamelhovello); the denunciations of Jezabel, and the air "Oh, rest in the Lord" (Madame Viardot); "It is enough" (Mr. Weiss); and last, not least, "Then shall the righteous" (Mr. Sims Reeves)-al of which were sung as well as we have ever heard them sung by the same artists. We cannot refrain from observing here that, s an interval of 20 minutes is allowed for repose and refrshment between the paxts,there is plenty of time for enjoying either one or the other without rising in the middle of the last chorus of the first part, anD thus distnr'oing the atten-, tion of those who look for neither, but are satisfied to remain seated throughout the performance. The grand chorus, " Thanks be to God," to-day was the signal for a great many ladies and gentlemern to rush from their places, much to the annoyanco of others who desired to listen* The hospitalities of which the bishop and other notable persons in the city are so prodigal at mid-day are no doubt very tempting, and one hour and a-half of music possibly simulates the appatite to a greater degree than would otherwise be the case; but it should not be forgotten that the performances are of sacred music in a sacred place, and that under these circumstances it would be more discreet to exhibit less precipitate haste in the search after what are mere " creature comfots." - The numbers present were Aisles (at 3s. Gd.) ... ... . 600 Ieserved seats (at 2a. 6d.). .. 7 Gallery (at 10s. 6d.) .10 1,600 This, considering the bigh prices, was immense, and heightened the already very general expectations of a festival successful beyond precedent. The collection made at the doors, too, was liberal, but scarcely enough so, the pressing nature of the charity and the wealth and station of the donors considered. It amounted to 203f. Os. Id., which, added to 1601. .s. 4'd. yesterday, leaves a total of 3631. 8s. 5d. in two mornings. The Messiah day, however, will probably attract the most munificent and benevolently inclined assemblage as in former years. The plateholders were Lady Darell, the Hon. Mrs. Howard, Mrs. Shirley, Miss Sherwood, Miss Hale, hiss Theodosia HAle, Mrs. Master, Mrs. Whittuck Whittuck, and Miss Cooper-all of which company of fair petitioners put on their most ning smeies and seducing ways to charm the money from the purses of the visitors as they passed from the cathedral into the open air; and it must be added that they were efficiently supported in their quest by a large nuber of the stewvards. Among the company present were manyof the meet distinguished county families. The second miscellaneous concert takes place to-night, and, as there is to he no ball, the musical part of the entertainment will be amplerand more variedthan yesterdway.
THB N~ATION~AL GALLEBY AN~D BZVT PUR- CHASBS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have been hoping that some of tho able critics who have so jutly condemuned former purchases would notice those that have just been made. I am neither ardist nor critic, but, loving pictures and having seian with sorrew much that has been done and more that has been left undone on former occasions, I rejoice to see a step in the right direction, and trust that the press, whichhascensured with justice, wiU give credit where credit is due. Good servce is secured, to the public as well as to other masteis, by just pris no less than by juist blame. I do not allude to the new Venetian pictures, for though they ar,on the wvhole, an acquisition, the principal one, Beli' "Holy F,amily," a peasto me heavy and dull; Irefer to the new "Pietro =erugino," a first-rate work of a very great painter, noble and touching in design and expression, admirable in execution, and perfect in condition. I leave it to abler pns to caU attention to the special beauties of the picture; I only wish to call attention to the fact that the nation has secured a work which will b a credit to the Gallery in the eyes of crtics and artists, and, what is of infintely more importance, which will be a source of pure delight to thousands and thousands. There is one other point, Sir, to which I would bespeak attention. I am one of the motley multitude included under the names of "1men of business." Mty daily work leads mne, as it does thouwands of others, into the neihbourhood of Trafalgar-square. I constantly snatch ten minutes from the mornng's walk to have a look at one of the gret pictures-the new "Perugino," for instance; and I find that this ten minutes not only refreshos the mind for the day's workcj hut often gives a greater insight into the beauty of a well-known work than a morning spent in a gallery with a detarnuned purpose to see and enjoy. Is not, this a consideration to be borne in mind -when debating onmIagnificent schemes for a new galle;ry at Kensington? I am. far from undervaluing a handsome and well-lit gallery, and no oe przes orea haf-hoydayspet amnpitings and statuesd= ut, alas l haf-hldy r ew n til shngas beoedsr jn n o h eyfwopr ueituL,.y. F.
" IN BE ALEXADBR PAI1NZ A BAKR lP 'T2 TO THE l DITOI}OFTE T:Th[S. Sir,-In yourreport of the app lcationofthis banklrpt for hs cerfate, it appears that the assigaees opped,an also another creditor on his own acuount. The asignee summone-d Mr. 'iT. L. Itohon to he examinedt but declined to call bim. His attorney stated to the Comunstoner that Mr. Rob son daie to be e casnned, to deny ths sbtatements which rere made prejadicig to himn. The Commi;oner tongb, that such an examination wrould nlot mnateriall bear on th;ae quston before him, end did not accede to the ,ppli. Many of your readersw might, by a cursory lprusal of the report, imbibe -an opinion injurious to Mfr. gobsnsonr,2Iot wihtianding that he had not an opportunity of - defending himself aMainst the eharges inainuted apinat him. As Mr. Itobinori s conducti could not be considered by the Cour on that occasion, and, notwrithstanding thie attempsted aspersions agaist hini, the Court deelined to direF himfto be examined -ltw; think it right to asic he attention -of your readers to -the unfairness and injustice ~which woud reeniltif any eon. elusin were drawrn froml the whole proceeding, ecet that which the Coinmiioner, in baxjudgrnent, feltithia detyto -come to--viz., suspnoa oF etrtificate for 12 mesitba, and -of protection for three. We -wisih alto stt tht Mlr.. RobinSOn had aLbundant oyidenoe of thie ineorrecte o tthe .bakrupt's nartive, and deeply regre* that tb opportu silty was not aSorded hima of deling wdih the insinuations aznd staeentt £or -which th cx vertejoeedn a drd.d opportuniti.. ~ ~ n '1R' An vf%V'MVV AV U1 DnT1,r7U .5 St. An&vew omrkmt o7n-
.-Il----- D, . . -AK -timm 'on fmt % , . . I DM IN, WiANUDI-P A 1th TH. . IIi8 . giisus rolt 1851. The Census CGom ion of'1851 has just conipleted its task, and the sixth pirt-and tenth volurme of the series of publications, -which began with the record of the populition, preeented to the Lord-- ieutenant in 1851 and 1852,' hs been laid before the Earl of Carlisle. The .&ening, Packet supplies the folloiving abstract of the contents of 'the general report. "The comin aioners were d d by the ad 13th and 14tliofVictori, chal. 4A, toprocure,infact,allpoibleinfomation respecting the numerical strength and social condtii,ion o the Irih population, one imporlaut exception being m0s-namely, the exclusion of inquiries having. re. ferenze to zYigiou§s belief. Erom time to time we have had occasion to n3tole the valuable compilatious in which, lir. Donnelly and lr. Wilds have embodied the figures handed to them by the e:umerAtors. These documents, indeed, form part of the histosy of the country, and are useful, aLo, in a legislative aspi. The ability displayedIiru, thearrangement of tlelfruItff6rm and intricate Contents has keen likewise acknowledged inthese columns, and esreeiliy the s3dll 'and research manifested in Pait III of the Census Deports. The I Status of Disease' has been recognized on bath sides of the Channel as an excellent contribution to the statistics of the'British empire, and as constituting a step in advance in the scieuce of 6ensus-taldng. The report on 'Ages and Education,' which followed it, exhibitedthecare haracteristicof its precursor, andit, of course, was chiefly, if not wholly, the performanie of Mr. IVlde. Another of the interestin fraits of the Commission is a table contained in Part ., embracing a large viriety of curi6us antiquarian information respecting. cosmical phenomena. ecizo)tics,' famines, and p"estilences in Ire .and, compilecd by Dr. -Wilde, Dr. O'Donovan, and Mr. Eugene Curry. Itis superfluous to say that these various records will formain important portion of our national archives, the full value-of which vill onlyappear wvhen, on i repitition of the labours of the Census Commission in IS1I we shall be enabled to contrast the complete pictuireof or. condition then- futrished with the careful daguerreotype of a paAt period now spread beforea us. Il this the concluding s6ction of the- series -the commission have L given a - ' General Report,' containing 3a vast diverwi.y' of statistical information. -which, though it refers to a period six years gone, affords a remarkable view of the Irelard of 1841 and 1851 respectively. lNo future census report, we may hope, will tel the tale that gives so inelaucholy a cast to this statement. In reference to the famrne and emigration of 1845 anl the following disastrous years, the commissioners set down the total decrease of ou-r raral population from that double cause at 19-85 per cent., or exactly at 1,622,739- but of course this enormous figure does not truly represent the havoc then made by death and voluntary exile. There being no general measure for the registrat.no of births, marnages, and deaths in Ireland, the commissioners had no data whereby 'to ascertain what should have been the normal increase of the population bitween 1841 and 185L A petty jealousy, which surely should not be permitted muxch longer to stand in the way of the obtainment of a useful public return, precluded them from discovering this importaat statistic2lfact inconnexion with their labours; but, taking the English re,gistration as their basis, the Irish Commission reah the conclusion thet the total loss of population from 1841 to 1851 was not less than 2,466,414! There is here much that is speculative, but it seems to show how great a crisis this countryblas passedthrough. It should, however, be stated that the rapidity with Ireland rebounded from her prostrate condition in the years 1S49, 1850, and 1851, is one of the most singular and insitrctive plans of our social history A curious feature of this 'general report' has regard to house accommodation. It appears that in 1851 thero was a net decrease of 271,06 houses below 184L 'When we examine the tables minutely we perceive that this decline occurred in the dwellings of ' one room' -classed the fourth -the mud cabins of a few quarters in each province; while there was an increase in buildings of the better class, notwithstanding the pressuro of the times, But in some civic districts a large number of the ieaner huts were thrown down, as in Kilk-enny city, where 613 out of a total of 690 were levelled within the decade. In Limerick and Cork a ik-e result was shown. The greatest decrease took plsae in Connaught, and the greatest Connaught decrease inMayo. Yet, notwithstanding this declne, there wero 'more houses by a considerable number in 1851 than the wants of the l diminishea population required.' The decrease in ' cabins,' therefore, was not the result of -'heartless evictions,' as persons interested in making out a particlar case allege; *ut was caused partly by a desire to improve the outskirts of towns, but chefly resulted from the fbmine and emigration which left theuboves hdesert, without inhabitant,' and blotted out, by a terrible process the dishononr of our race and country." shp fterecent camaiyOign, and nATUE.ura hi strtio ' e lhas- alike for te Poesa t n TheRev. Mr. O'Malley, aRoman Catholic clergyman of some note, has addressed a letter to the Banquet Committee suggesting an addition to the proposed list of invitatione , wheic, considering the source d hence the propostion emanates, appearsto be but reasonable. sr. O'mIalley thinks that the guests might include certain blackpoated gesntrywho hadmhad thoir full share of the dangers and b hare shire of the recent campaign, and, in urging their clanis to he particip3tors at the forthcorem g deuonstration, he pleads t alike for the Protestantand Roman Cathie oministes of realgion, Taere were (writes Mr. O'Ifaley); ' "ieroes in the Crimea besides those whro were cld in red, or green, or blue. There as a smallb'ae eoatrd band .whoee heroism wars not the less admirable- that it was ian- cheered and tnsusined by the spirit-stirring sounds of trumpet andof drm-by the glare of broad day and ther glowng sympathies of comrades, G bu in the byways of the rear ot the bloedy field and in the silent wvatches of the night-sin the infested hospital, amid scenes more teplsive and appalling to the cool blood than the grimnest aseect of war to the ehcited combatants-steadily and ptienty f filling its hig,h dgties, soothing the intense agonieS of the body by administurino to the still morehum2bed heart and minddiseasedthe spiritual baln of religious consolation. This small band of Crimean chaplains is still further worthy of all honor on this accont, that, in proportion to its nbers, it has given more victims to the war than even the mostvictimired regiment of the line engaed in it. A nd as they sharedrunwhrin the ly in all thehardships and priv. tions of these gallant soldiers whom you jLe about to entertain, would it not be weSll to see them sitting side by side with them at your hospitable banquet ?,-and I am sure it would be agreeable to these brave fellows to find mixing wsith them on that festive occa3ionnthese equally brave chap. lamns round w hom they loved to gather amid strife and penl. And though in one sense they 'may bear a still higher coinmimsion than the Commander-in-Chief himself, still in the military pDoint of viewthvEey may be regarded as non-conmmissoned officers, and as 'such come into the category of the guests whom you propose to entertain. I need hardly add that my suggestion of course applies to the chaplains of both churches-to the Protestant an) Rma Catholic chaplains who havc served in the Crimea, and are now resident in Irelmnd.1" |TE LATE CAPTAIN GRAVES, nie. The Belfast Mercury has the following particulars relative to the assassination at Malta of Captain jGraves, R.. The gallant officer was long and in|timately connected. wth Belfast; and his untimely end has caused deep regret among his numerous Ifriends in the north of Ireland: "From information received (says the Me-cury) we lesrn that about mid-day on the 25th nlt., Captain Graves, having obtained a four months' leave of absence, was preparing to go on board the Avon, to sail that evening for EngLand. Just as he was in the act of steppinginto his carna,ge, a raffian seized him fom behind, and inflicted two stabs on the abdomen. One of these only wounded the skin; the other was at first considered trifling, but on the second day inflammation set in, and on the third, the 28th ult., he breathedchis lasL At Mita, where the genial charcter of the deceased was fully known,, we can readily believe what is stated in the public papers-that a general gloom was difused over the whole commnunity. Nor could it be otherwise, when an offlicer who had served for five and thirty years in all climates, who possessed high scientific attaments and moral worth, and who, in all human lsrobability, might have livedfor manyyears, was suddenlystrueck down by the hand of an assassin. Here, in the north of Ireland, vhere the family of Captain Graves has for a long perioa been resident, -where he was personally known, and had many attached friends, the sad event has excited a deep feeling of regret. In our own town it has been felt as a severe and sudden shock'by several who had the happiness of knowing intimately the sterling worth of him who has been so suddenly cut off. About 25 years ago, when he was engaged in the survey of Lough Neagh, by orders of the Admiralty, he was frequenUy in Belfast, took a warm interest in tle efforts there made for the erection of the Museum, enrolled himself as a life member, and was present A the opeeing of that instittion, as well as on many otler occasions afterwards. It was by his invitation,:. and in 1ie sessel the Beacon, that our lamentedtownsman, the late Mfr. William Thompson, visited theRgean, in 1811, accompanied by their mutual friend, Edward Forbes, the late eminentprofesaor'of the Universityof Edinburgh, Ii is, indeed, an imprzessive lesson as reads the uncertainty of human life, that in the space of less than five years thie three scientific friends who bad asilod together ovor the sunny waters' of the 'Egean should all have paaed THE EATlIMP At half-past I o'clock vesterday a fash-of lightMing, followed instantly by a terrific peal of thunder, burst over Dublin, to the no small dismay of the inhabitans who, from the previous favourable state of the -weather, were altogether unprepared for the tartling phenomenon. Some thought that t-he crah was caused by the tumbling of several houses close a.t hand; others attiributed it to the eploion of gnpowder; a gree that they neverheard a peal of-thunder so near the earth before, It is remarkable that the' clouds over the city w.ere clear, but of a deep blue, andinthe southwest direction thc clouds -appeared surcharg -with e.lectricity. Some heavy' dropa of rain followed shortly afterward&, but the sky cleared and the rain 'went off -- VHAItXTAES SDQunis I he Rev. Denii Murphy, Roman Catholic curate -of Meath-tett Chapel, in the tariih of St. Cathceuse, in the cityoof Dublin, rhodiedon or about the 5th dy of way, 185;, by hiast will and testa. meat, bearing (lte the 16th dalof August, 1854, bequeathed the followring legacea :-To the 'v. Pr L.pb'; para priet ot Ml ah-aio Qap.1 or his sccessor, to bc funded pePmuently ia Gore=nment tockt- and-the-interest applied for the -el! jst-Jng n6 for the soul of dei*vf 3001.; Icr the _ mpOti.Q f thl Wwt7bU!tubildd ing in the parish,- 36o0 {s stnd window" -j'i,200?. , -for thin IUW. ; for the poor of the pax- 2 l for j e:ibliuhment of an infant ichool, of St. Vincent de Paul, 50?.; St. Vincent's Rospi 50?; Sd:iety for the Propagation of theFaith; wY1; College of All flhfloi,-W.-, Deaf-and Dub In-- sitution, 501.; and Sistems of MIer, 50?.' THE 1UmS. Thee per Cent. Conso1s for ;Accounlt, 12th of September, 94A iS4 ditto for Newr Accut, 13th of October,'94* New Three per Cen. Stocl, 94A; ditto for newAounti, 13th of October, 94$; Bank Stook, 226; Mining tCompany of Ireland 171. i,aid). 14. Rai1wavt ih,1,1, .,d W~ie,lo
THE CRYSTAL PALACE. The last grand horticultural exhibition of the present season; held in the CrystilPdaaci, wan opcued yesterday, sad wil be zcontinued during to-day and to-morrow,'onx bothof which thechargefor admision willbe shlinoeg eai on ordinary o:casions. The weither wxs pleasant'throughoub the day, aud there could not have been fewer than -1.2,0 people present at the felu, which -is distnguished ifrouijuits predecssors by some points of novelty and interest, - As on every preceding occasion of the kind, the exhibition has been arranged by Sir voseph pnaton, and carried iuto effect under his immediate sunervision, isted byLr. Eyles, chief superintendent of plants in the interior of the Palic This, of itself, is a guarantee of its excellence. But VJhe mhow is interesting ss beimg the first of the idnd held at so advanceda &period of the-iiar, not nly in Ahe Csytl Palaoe,but inthe rnetropcThis orits nei0ghbourhooDa;-incId-` ing evenL Chiswick~ the gloeiei of whih ha.e b-en =epO. duoed these indred exhibitions 7at Sydenhac durt laO muinets; cojmbined as th'ey hasve been, -witlh features of attraction peculiarly their own. It is in this XSUpect in the nature of an experiment,.aal, so ar as it has gore, an emtinntly successful cne, for the vtdlection,in' the autumnal season, of a sufficient number and varioty-of plants and flowers of the requisite dcgre of excellence is attended with considerable difficulty, and, added to this; i was probably apprehended 'hak at a time when so lar ge a proportion of the aristocracy and wealthier classes are qut of town, a comparatively small number of people wouild be attracted-to the exhibition. -The expeience of yesteray, however, nas plared be eand doubt the perfect success of i oundertaidng, or. the company aseemtbled wthin the buildsgw wssctrcely, if at all, less brillant than on atny of the preceding floralfltca, id fel little sabort of them in point of ,numerical force. A sufim of niearly 8001. has beeni distrihutedin prze.s, and there are about 190 competitors. The coldction, which is choice, varned, a hd ample, is arranged with much siplicity and tlste in tworows a long the nave, and exens far towards each wing of the building on both sides of the trAnsept, the noirtnernpart being assignedto thestoveandgreenhouse plantsand others and the fopP ie portion to cut flowers and f.r it. The etne iLtiont inldsavert numberof specimens of the classes of;vane-. gatedplauts in und out of flower, plants remarkzable for fine foliage, exotic orchids and ferns, Cape heaths, Lycopodiunss, Actamenes in flower, faclisWas, scarlet geraniums , balsams, and liliumns, all of which, ngtmitostanding the savancead period of the season, are delightfully fresh and lovely, and irresstibly chs dai" to the eye. We miss among them, it is true, the heautifs variety of azaleas and other kindred plants -whichL alower in midsummer, and are wont then to chlalenge our admiration, but their place is supplied 3y many of those hardiertribeswich don attain theirprime till later in the year. The class of variegate-d ]plants, acndl plantsrem nale for fine foliage, are singularly iteresting. and were greatly admired yesterday by connoisseurs. The exhibition of fruits, on the other hand, mvore generallyapprecable by the uninitiated as well as the prieatical horti-.- cultuxist, ie equally attractive. It embrac chiefly grayan melcans, peaches, ectarines, apricots, applegand peos, ch er3isa, strawberries, citrons, pines, plums, and sweet oranges, meo of themin great variety and eocellence. There is also a most extensive collection of cut roses, hollyhocks, dahlias, andGerman asters, whi,andespeciy the dahlias elicited universld amiration throughout the whole of yeeday. Added toalltesewonderful egultsof he a ofogardenig there are li-ewise the permanent floralattractioDs f the ealaoc itself, in the interior and the adjacent grounds, which, in variety, 'beauty, and arrangement, were perhaps arely equalled, and mever srpassd, presenting in the wihole a combination of natural ODects calculated in a hiCh degre to charm the eye and elevate ad purify the heart. This cmbination, operating -with other circumstances peou . liar tothePalace, hislentto the borticuItsral fio s atSrdeiam s1l the interest attachingto them from tbe lirst, and buhich htas added a new embellishment to the ordinaoy lifeofagreatprofthepopulationsof thismetropolis. - On t-his occasion a new feature has been introducea into the exhibition 'by Sir Joseph raton, -with thle -view bf encouraging theercmtice of gardening among the rural. population, chiely of the edj rent neighbou-rhood, but withoutintending to limit it to thaLt particilar iocalit~r. Prizes, 50 in nuarber, from IOZ. downwards, have, for the fint time, been offered to cttager andtnt amioateus for the best specimens of the produce of .the kitehen gardens, and, judging from the-number of exhibitors-f--53 of -whom 4lare labouring men-and from the remarkablyfine quality of their contributions on the first occazion on which tstiy have beni iavi tedo competi, tF6 project has the appear. ance of munch futuire promise, In the iclass of stove and greenhonsoepiants t'he first prizes have been awarded to IL-. W. Tayior, gardener to Mr. Coster, of Streatham, and tox,. Moarris, gargener to Mr7. Coles Chi-Id, of 2Bromley. Messrs. Veitch, nurserymeni, Chelsea -took the first prizes for vrariegated leaved plants, 'or plants of fine foliage, and for pitcher plants; Mlr. Carson, gardener to M Ar. Farmer, of Nonsuch-park, the first for exotic orchidls; hr. T. William, gadener to Mr. C. B. Warner, the first. for Cape healts;, Mfr. Smith, gardenLer to the Rev. J. Roper,- Brighton, the first for' stove ferns; Mr. Simms, nurseryman, Foot's-cray, andl Ma. Morris, ga-rdener to MTr. Cobes Child, the two first for h-ary ferncs; Mr. Parker, nurserymnan, Holloway, for 3moses; Messrs. Mitchell andl Co., Bn, ton, for achimenes, and also for fuchsies; Mr-. We erell, grener to Dr. M'Meil, Holloway, for scarlet geraniums; Mr. Bovindon, gardener to Mr. J.W. Dlsdegene, ILewisham, for coxcombs; Mr. Shyimpton, gardener to Mr. A. J. Dlonat of Putney-heath, for Terbenas in pots; MEr. Young, gardenerto M1r. Stone, Dnlwich, forJapsnlanc lilies~, and for grapes; Mr. BrocUurst Jackson and Son, IGagton; Mlr.. Turner, nurseryman, Slough Chator and on,SafronWalden; Mr. Kean. Salisbury; AMr. BraggSluh . Saxb, and Mr. Wetherall, the first prizs fr mscelanousplats. The first. prizes in the clas f ct lowrswere awarded, for roses, to Mr. T. Mitchell, of Maresfield, and MEr. Braush garxdener toMz1. Tnitton, of N~orwood ; for holyhocks;, to Mlessrs. Paul, C-hes. hunt; for dahlias, to Mr. C. Trer, Slough; the Hey. Charles :Fellowes~, and MEr.. IL lgge, Mars-side, Lower Edlmonton; andl for German asters (single blooms), to Mr. R. H. Betteridge, Abingdon. For 12 dishes of miscellaneous fruits~, M 3r. Fleming, gardener to the Dake of Sutherland, at Trenthain, and Mr. Tillyard; gardener to the Speak-er of the House of Commons, a6t Heathfiela, carried off the two first prizes Mrx. Frost gardener at Preston-hll, Maidstone, the first for eight dishes or frait - Mr. A. Stewart, gardener to the Duke of Dlevonshire, CL tsworth, Mr. Peed, gardener to Mr. Treadwell, of Norwood, Mr. T. DAwson, Penshangor, Mr. T. Bray, gardener to Mr. Lonsader, Siamouth, and Mr.Barnes; gardener to L-AyRlollas, Picten-11all, the first prize for pine-apples; and-Mr. C. F. Harrison, Osh-landC, Mr. 0. liwin, gardener at Bodorgan, Wales, Mr. Fleming, gardener to the Duke of Sutherland, Mr~. Snow, gardener to Earl do Grey, Mr. Monro, gardener to Mrs Odie, St. Albans, Mr. Bowsie, gardener to Mr. L.ebonchere, Mrr. George Grover, Ha-Tmnersmith; Mrx. rForsyth, gardener to Baron louthschild, H.P.; and Mr. Xaiie,g-srdenerto BaI Lovelaoe, toolk the first prizes for various other kidnds of fruits. Of the cot~ pre izes,' Chirles Moser, of Brox. burnse, tock t-he hi!ghest (101.) for t-he best collection of vegetables. The hanas of the Coldstream Guards, the RoyalArtillery, arid the C'rystal Palace Company played alternately.in. -the centretranseptandonthaterraoe; and M1r. Halett Sheppard gave an organ performances o- tWO occEsions3 in thne CouS-e Of the day. Therewas a manifest Impo et in the numnbers of attendants a-t the variQu refethenstlls, and a correspondling aLmount of satisfaction. The great bulk of tIne colmpn llingered in the grounds and the interior of the buil M unilR late in the evening, and the f&c, was so agreeable in every respect as to make one regret tha it is the last of the season.
- TOTHE EDITOR OF THE TIAES. . Sir-As the architect of the buildin:g at the south.easI oorner of Chanoery-lane, which you mention in th-s day paLper as one of the handwomet houasm in Loadon, allow me to asgure you that its oonsRtructo is of the miost solid and sabetautial character, and that it is calculated to ebilure for nmny ages., .I havethehonor tobe, Sir, - yTourv erv dbediant w . JTAAMR TUOR- TCvn'T&Tva. - 1, Ibymond-buildings, Gny's-inu, Sept 10.
TEM Sa s -n E-ST&DM M CIoRc.-. The bishops had a meeig in the --ing, the rSult oE which is now circulaed among tbe cjey in the fonr of two esolutions, -which bar the i na of Ua the -Eglishand rish Azclbiiope and Bi,bope, except Vmose_ Tlondon, Durham, and Chester. The brat resolution, after reCting the direction in the rubric pre§xed to the Prayerbook for the reolution of dou fxby the ordinarh Pad frther stating that doubts haxe been epre e r ijeter the o' e timee" 'when the likany ".all 1Y commanded bt the ordinry" (see rubriz for the liby) limited by 'words `after mornng-praye or no, deael h-t udgment -of the aubeibig preae, " theom of the o3dffary is not limited by the wor' I a after morniag praer in such as asat the moenng ppra- clw. beforeorm a precedingpart of ihat aerice -which th litany shallbesouaed; butthAt itk3ftiotbediscr6fion Of the ordinuyto oo.nmmamtjAe i at the li y a _*Z rates erioe At anY hour Uthe ay, oD ano &edrlaa7 qr. VAe of the church bi M4 ^ ae, nec-te lit-my mab stitutd for oiatr r c en _ -Tb. rsscution delre "Tat jtb m aityi aluu for the biahop at liii diwebem to alIw~eniSei th Mk lug Jwayer sad u.mmemlgui wi& mMin at _t hatinonzin prayer, and, dib - iaey1ne he Aldit. the lny, with e wi t am :, en imy drct.- LivznooL OOTON- K, t. -A fa ameut of bmdmee ha he k sfh eth h& and theaIeera Igm Wiu O for epeuL Uel.s Esed au4 hveZa
T, OBBIGN INTELLIGZZYCE. X - ws9. [ portioa of the fdoowng appeared Lo seo!d OMl. Uou of TaAerclm -] - rnm+YTrrm owW COeROND3ST.l PARIS, TUESDAy, 6 P.M. We learned yesterd4y, by letters from Bucharest, i,hat Pince Ghika had departed from his resolution to maintain the stactr quo as bequeathed to him by :3tirbey, and had changed his M;inistry. Them are some good names in the new Government. Two of its members are not Boyards--a deviation from precedent which is said zo have astonished and dis-le-sed that privileged clas. But the Boyards will o ell to be prepared for other innovations of the kdnd, and for the loss of some of the monopolies they have hitherto unjustly enjoyed. VWith their exception, I should think the RKimakan's selection of his ad7isers is likely to give general satisaction in the Principality; and it is to be hoped they will make good use of the time that mnay stil elapse before th e Commissioners for the reorgaruzation asremble. In considering the question of this proposed reorganization the sympathy of those foreigners who interest themselves in the fate of Moldo-Wallachia en the broad grounds of humanity and justice will be-not with the wealthy and generally selfish and dissolute Boyards-not with the scanty class of traders, 3nany of them foreigners or under foreigu protection-but with that great maiority of the in-i habitants composing the agricultural population; and this the more so that, notwithstanding all that hbs been alleged against the peasant of the Princip31ities-notwithstanding his present degraded and lien condition, his ignorance, which is great, his slotlh, which is undeniable, and his vicem, which have sometimes been exaggerated-he possesses q,ualities that need but fair play and cultivation to elevate him in the moral scale, and to place him on a level with the same class in most X uropean countries. Ill-usage has made him wheat he is. His history, for centuries past and down to the present day, is a chronicle of extortion and oppression on the one hand, of misery and longauffering on the other. To trace all the vicissitudes of his lot would fill a volume but it is the present that chiefy interests us. It is curious, however, to note, en pxstant, the retributive justice that overtook the originators of the system under which he has so long groaned. Ousted and finlly trampled npon by foreign intruders, the old native Boyard families sank, with few exceptions, into poverty and contempt, and their descendants are now to be sought among the tillers of the soil It was a true spoiling of the spoiler, accomnplished by unscrupulous Greek adventurers, wiho, while importing into the country the rapacity and corruption of their race w;hile assu1ming titles and even mames to which they had no right, and honours of which they were unworthy, could not be expected to entertain feelings of nationality and sympathy for a country they considered as a conquest, and for a people they still look upon as a prey. These are the families that constitute a large majority of the very limited class known as the Great Boyards. Their uniform study has been to cast every burden mpon the peasant, and to appropriate every advantage to themselves. After the abolition of serfdomin the Principalities the basis of the relation between the proprietor and the peasant does not appear unfair, had it been fairly acted upon. Two-thirds of the land were for the labourer, the other for his lord. To cultivate this one-third the peasant was bound to give 24 days' labour in the year. He also paid a rent or tribute of one-tenth of the produce of his own portion. But the principle thus established was shameflly abulsed in practice, and the recently emancipated serf, long used to submission, dared not resist the extortions to which- he was subjected. Moreover, in becoming nominally free ha became liable to taxes and imDosts from which he was previously exempt. His sufferings drove him to emigration on so large a scale that the Porte interfered to curb the exactions that were depopulating the provinces. But neither such interference nor the exertions of one or two Hospodars, who, solitary examples of right feeling, endeavoured, at long intervals, to better the lot of the peasant and oppose a barrier to the tyranny of his lord, sufficed to check the eviL The organic regulations, the new Constitution of 1831, announced by its Russian projectors as a blessing to the country and a charter of rights for the labouring classes, proved a mere delusion, so elastic in its provisions, so liable to abuse, that the good Intentions of its framers, supposmig such to have existed, were found worthless when they came to be carried out. Then ensued revolts, quickly suppressed by the Russian bayonet; emigration was again resorted to, and Austrian, Russian, and even Turkish provinces were preferred to their native land by the numerous re- I fugees. Contemporary writers assure us that more than 40,000 Rouman families took refuge in Servia it is estimated that a mach larger number are nov settled in Bulgaria, while some have found their way as far even as Roumelia. A rich and numnerous Bulgarian colony, which had thriven in Wallachia under the Hlospodariat of Gregory Ghika (one of the best rulers that province has known), abandoned the agricultural establishments it had formed and recrossed the Danube. The chief grievances of the labouring population of the Principalities spring from the unjast distribution of taxation, from the corruption and tyranny of the Government and its local agents, and, especially, from the facilities the loosely-constructed and ill-executed, laws afford to landholders, farmers, and middlemen to extend almost indefinitely the amount of corvee, or forced labour, imposed upon the peasant. On the plea that work estimated by time would be but ill andidly done, an exorbitant estimatehas been miade of the amount of pioughing, digging, carting, harvesting, &c., that should be got through in the stipulated number of days, and this amount the unfortunate peasant is compelled to perform, to say nothing of extra toil, wholly unjustifiable, arbitrarily and often imposed upon him, and all appeal against which is useless. The Government has, not unfrequently, set the example of this extortion of unrequited labour. Thus, in Bucharest itself, we find that the twvo great promenades of the town, the pleasant resort known as the Chaussze and the Gardens of Chismedji, were called into existence by the unpaid sweat of the peasant's brow. Frequently the time and amount of toil are greatly augmented by his being compelled to go long distances to perform it. This was notably the case with respect to the days of Government corvee imposed by Prince Bibesco, and for the performancea of which peasants 'were sometimes sent two or three days' journey from their homes. The abolition of this corv6e by 1'rince Stirbey was a popular and judicious measure; but it is to be regretted that the revenue arising. from the tax imposed in lieu of it was applied to very different and far less-worthy purposes than to the constraction of roads, for which it was nominlly levied. A primary measure of reform in the Constitution of the Principalities should be the abolition of all Government control and interference in the conDexion between landholder and peasant. Relieved from the compulsory labour which renders him in fact little better than a serf, and which admits of so nany abuses to his prejudice, the man of thews and sinews will soon make a fair bargainL with the man of acres. The country is not so thickly peopled that there is any danger for a! long time to come of a superabundance of arms,:. and by the abolition of villenage the peasant who is willing to Work will be placed on a fair footing with the landlord. They will quickly come to terrcsi when equality exists between them. The peasant will then assume his natural position-that of a farmer: he will have an incentive to indry which certainly does not exist now that the most he can gain, with a chance of retaining it, is the barest subsistence, without hope for the future or a prospet' of competence and comfort for soaage. lawgivers are guilty of worse than folly whEen they endeavour to replac by a code the freedom of a,gricultural transactions. ZL. de Kisseleff, the Russian Ambassador to the Court of the* Tuileries, is expected here shlortly witlin briliant retinue. - AL son of Prince Paskicwtsih and other members of some of the arst Ras- ain families wil form part of the personnelof the Emb2szy. .lt is said to be the intention of Russia thus to ackno.wledge the graat fdat that hs been given t- the embassy of Count de N:orny. The iltry portion of the latter mtion iB expected to retur to France immediately on the conclnon of the festivities of the coronation. I To-days Paris papera confirm the,statement of thosa of Madrid that- the Grand Cordon of tha IReion of Honour has been conferred upon Marshal 4)'DonnelL. .- - Some commtntz havobeen ihade on -the non-reception of Marshal Serrano by Count Waldw1ski. It appears that the arrival of the former war preceded . by a telegraphic despatch- to the SecretaLry of the Spanish lEmbassy, desiring him to arrange an interviewwiththeMini.erof ForeignAffairsfor Saturday, and to state, at the saume time, that he had seen the Emperor, and that he should remain but a day iu Paris. UndertAhese eircumstances it has been thought extraordinary that Count'Waleweki should have found it impossible to comply with the request, and should have put off the interview until the Monday. It wil probably p-rove that he had not understood that the sFtay in *Psris of the SpanishL Ambassador was to be So very short. ricess Lieven has arrived in Paris. Marshal Pelissier, who had promised io be present at the f4te of Saumur, arrived in that town on Friday, and was received at the railway station, which was handsomely fitted up for the oceasion, by the Mayor and municipal authorities of the town, the Prefect of the Maine-et-Loire, and a number of military officers. The Marshall -after a short conversation with the persons by whom he was suounded, entered the carriage of the Mayor and procceded -to the residence of that funLtionary, amid the cheers of an immense number of persons who had assembled. Alter receiving the pnncipal persons of the place the Marshal proceeded to the cavalry school, all the streets through which he had to pass being ornamented with flags in the gayest manner. The officers of the sdlool were all presented to the Marshal. ln the evering there was a briliant display of fireworks. On- Saturday the cai-ousel at the cavalry school attiacted an immnense numberFof spectators, buat, unfoAtunately, the interest of the proceedings was ;omewhat damped by a heavy rain, which continuedfalling durmngthe greater part of the morning. 0n Sunday the races took place, after which the MEiuhal left for Paris. Marshal Pelissier was present yestreday at a funeral service performed at the Church of the Madeleine in commemoration of the officers of the Staff who died in the East. A great number of officers were present. GeneralRolin, Aide-de-camp to the Emperor, was among the number. In the evening almost all t;heofficers of the Staffwho had made the eampaign assembled at a banquet at thLe Freres Provencaux,atwhich thefrGeneral.inChief presided. At this meeting there were five generals, seven colonels, and a number of other officers present, representing all ranks, from lieutenant to marshal of France. General-de Martimproy, Chief of the, Staff of the Army of the East, proposed the healths of the Emperor, the Empress, and the Prince Imperial, and another toast to the Marshal, anl of which were drunk with lo-ad applause. Prince Napoleon arrived at Gottenburg on the 7th, with the Reine Hortense and Cocyte steamers, from C.hlristiania. The Prince Royal, Viceroy of Norway, who was at Christiania when Prince Napoleon arrived in that port, immediately went on board the Reine Hortense. where he remained with His Imperial Highness for more than an hour. The two Princes afterwards landed together, and were received with due military honours by the troops which were drawn up along the quay. They entered a carriage and proceeded to the Palace, where Prince Napoleon took up his residence during his stay at Christiania. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71 f. 15c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half at 92f. 75c.; andthe New Loan at 70f.95c. OrleansRailway shares, 1,365f.; Great Northern, 1,015f.; Strasburg, 925f.; new shares, 835f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,350f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,787f. 50c.; Western of France, 937f. 50c. , Bordeaux and Cette, 730f. Great Central of France, 675f.; Lyons and Geneva, 785f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,675f.; Ausan Railways, 880f. Cou-rs Authezntique.-Pnnrs, Sept. 9-Cash PricesFour-and-a-falf per Cents., 87f 75c.; ditto, not reirabursable for 10 years, 92f. 50c. - Three per Cents., 70f. 80c. 75c. 85c. 90c.; ditto Loan of 1i55 (75 wr cent. paid), 70f. 803.; ditto Certificates (75 per cent. paid, 70f. 80c.; Credit Fonc-er, 652f. 50c.; ditto Obligations of s00f., Three per Cents., 460f.; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents, 92f. 50e.; Credit ?Iobflier, 1665f. 1,660f. 167CSTA DNTcount BaPL k, 695L.- Austrian Five per Cents., 88; Bei'ian Four and-a.Hsl per Cents, 991 Rente do laples (Rothschilo's), 113; Romans, &sh Spafetei Deferred onverted, 2of - eitto Interior Dewt, 403 l. oxchange on London, at soigt, money, 25f. 27.c.; three monthse, money, 251. TURKEY. (naOM o'R oW2iv COn a Tartarread.) CONSTANIOPiE, Snr. L In a few days wve -shall have the first quarter of the new moon, and with it the beginning of the Turkish new year. In oldenl times each newv year used to be a time of expectationlto allrthose who hoped to get office, and a time of anlietyto al those wh, held office, for it was a time of change. Every fr granting an offlce had to be renewed at tnat period, bein only granted for a year; and every Pasha in the provinces used to keep a Tartar ready at Stamboul, who had to set off with the new firman and to ride as fast as he could in order to soothe the anxiety of his patron, who always recompensed him generously for his zeal. Since the reforms all this has beenr changed. No renewal of firmans is necessar, and no Tarta are waitng at the Porte. W reare now aska Franca. The Sultan is a goodnatured moaster, erpecially for those who have friends at the Conrt. StioL, with all this some reminiscences of olden times stil ling,er, and the newv year is looked upon as a time for offiiall changes. Since the last ful moon, t herefore, numbers of fnew Ministerial combinations are afioat, which are gaiNing every day more consistence as the period of o the new moon advances. In all these combinations it iS not so much the choice of persons which is remarkable-all being modifications of a Redschid Ministry-as the unanimity wbith which the fact of a certain approaching change cs maintained. aNot only all the town on this and on thecother side of the water, but even the officials themselves seem to entertain no doubt about it. This unaninity has been brought about by a conviction, just as unanimous, that tbings cannot go on any longer as they have been goingt on since the beginning of this year, The whole Government machineryhas come as it were to a stand-still. lNot only has no single measure been tak'en to indicate progress, but even the commonest routine work has not been done, and the simplest affiairs and most ordinary claims remain 'xsettled. The fact is the whole Govrernmnent h"as become so disorganized that nobody will take any more responsibility on himself, and all business is sent from one office to another. The presre of the war in the beginning of their career, and later the peace negotiations, carried away the MIinistry in one direction, but now that the external pressure of the moment has ceased the discordant elements have separated, first into two sections, blit now into as many parties almost as there are membeTs, and each of them is carrying on a partisan warfare against the others; it is a regular dibandcdle. Nobody ought, therefore, to be surprised that the Turkish Government cannot come to any decision with respect to aU the various schemes for the investmenst of foreign capital in industrial and commercial undertakings, As soon as one part of the Ministry tak-es up a scheme the other members become its natural adversaries, and will do-everything in their power to upset, or at any rate to retard it. As long as this state of things lasts there is no hope of anything-besides vague promises. Ineed rot tell you how serious the consequences of this bMinisterial disorgnzation and of the delays sonsequent on it may be, and how great the danger i3 lest the favourable opportunity of getting European capital- under the. most- advantageous terms be lost for Turkey. The end of 'the war has made large capital disposable, and the hope of encouraging induistrial and commercial undertakirgs which w.as held out by the' Turldsh Government, together with a lingering feeling of sy pathy which, in spite of many disappointments, still remains in Europe, hIas given to this capital a tendency towards the East; but this disposable caDital neither can nor -will wait for the goodwill of the Turkish Government, nor is the direction of European capital towards the East likely to last unless advantage be taken of the opportunity of the moment, esp,eciauly as Russia will be the. rival of Turkey:in tins as well as in other respects. But the existence of a strong united Governm ant at the present moment is not only of the highest importance for the future material welfare of Turkey, but Ikewise for its political existence. Europe mill not be satisflied with vague generalities of reunrms these were put up with as long as the ideas about Turkey were lkewise vao ue in Europe, but this is now so no more. The interconrse between Turkey and Europe is daily increasing, and it becomes daily more evdennt that it not ufficient for iny Turkish Government to gai.thn.goodwnl1 of an Ambaseador, and represent through-himn evei.yhing in the enoat rosy. colours. Thferare nr ow other eyes to -see and ot>her ,ears., to hear, and the actions- of fthb Turkishl Governaent we open to -the criticisms of the civilized world. .It is oefore such a tribunal thab Turkey has to uandertake a thorough reform of all her institutionm, which are hollow imitations of ill inderstood and caricatured Western ideas. Finances, army, navy, central and provindcial government, administration of jiustice, police-in fact, every branch of, Government must be remodelled Besides this,the 'vague aspirations of the non-Mahor-edaus have begun to assume a more definite form, and can no longer be ignored. Last, but not least in this list of tbings to be done, is the approaching organization. of the Danubian. Principalities, and by means of it the protection of the most vulnerable part of the Ottoman territory. Verily it is as much, if not more, t;han the bet intentioned and most united linistry could undertake. Bat this is not all, there are difficultie2, urgent difficultifes, which are pressing themselves every day more on the attention of the Ministry. I have told you. that the Montenegrns are in arms, and have made a~ des3cent on their usual -battleground, the H:erzegovina and the district of Podgoritza, driving away the cattle and burning downa the villages. While this is going on in the northwestern corner the central provinces of Macedonia, Epirus, and Thes-aly are as fUll. of brigands as Greece. In Macedonia especially brigandage has taken such proportions that nobody dares to go out at half an hoeu' distance from the town, and the brigands pass through it in broad daylight without being molested. They are chiefly Greek and Wal-- lachian shepherds, with a sprinkfllig of Albanians, and they seem to have become adepts in the Heilenic system of brigandage, for they have taken lately to carrying off schools, and when they succeed they send in a couple of ears or fingers to wealthy parents, with the intimation that the heads will follow, unless they are ready to pay down' the heivy ransom; and all these thingstake place under the eyes of the Governor,Omar Fasha,whohas 8,000 regular troops in the town, under4the command of Abdi Pasha, besides a number of irregulars all about the province. Nowv, this has been going on for months, and the Government has not been able to infuse any activity into its employe, and yet leaves him there in spite of therepeated complaints from all quarters. I should draw ont my letter to an unusual length were I to enumerate all the smaller difficulties of this kindwhich show their heads on evely side, 'outfrom what I have already said you will see that the unanimity with which a change in the Government is wished for and expected finds its full explanation in the state to which the present administration has reduced the country, and in the ab- sence of the slightest hope of any improvement' talkng place. The so-called National Banking Company has chosen a directing committee of 12, and had on Saturday Last an interview vith the Grand Vizier and the Minister of Foreign Affairs, who promised to appoint a committee to negotiate vwith t-he com. pany. The company does not accept the project of the Government for the establshment of an Ottoman Imperial Bank, but intends to propose a project Rf its own, which, however, is not yet drawn up. I have given you before my doubts about the advantages of a bank for Turkey formaed purely of native capitalists, for the chief advantage3 of a national bank must be of a moral nature-namely, to raise the chamcter of the exchange, and in general of money transactions in this country, and this can never be done wvithout the influence of European capitalists and their ideas in the management of it. Besides this, the denomnination of "N3ational PBank"whichthe company has given to itself seems to me a gross fallacy;~ for, if you go through the list, you will scarcely find. one-tenth of the subscribers Ottoman subjects. Many of them are, indeed, Greeks and Armenians born in this country, but they are nearly aLl under foreign protection, just as much as any English or* French capitalist would be. Bunt from all I can ascerti it seems that this National Bank Company by no mean wishes to exclude foreion capitalists; on the contrary, they intend to coalesce with one or other of the foreign schemes; but what they wvish for is, that one of these foreign companies would unite with themn, and thus insutre them the main direction in the affair. This, howlever, seems Ivery improbable, and certany not advisable. Sir Elenry Bulwer is expected to-day wvith the French packet; his secretary, the Hon. Henry Stanley, has already arrived. PRUJSSIA. (B07T0 OWl. CoBEDLfrTB. Sr.8 The Neuchktel affair continues to occupy pubiic attention here, I would say to the exclusion of everything else, only there is not-hing else to be exeluded. The affair of the Riff wreckers has been allowed to subside for the present, and the details of the coronation in Moscow are, of course, not yet arrived; so the Neuchbtel affair has the public a&ena all to itseLf. 'This duodecimo revolution, though it has been attempted unknowvn to and uuassisted by this Court, nevertheless enjoys its fullest approbation, as far as the good-will goes which has become apparent in this endeavour to restore the Principality to its former Sovereign; and from what I have heard let drop to-day it is evident to mue that this (Qoveroment intends to avail itself of this opportunity to call the attention of the rest of the Grovernments of :E:urope to the violation of various existing treaties, concluded under European sanction, which is involved in this separation of the Principality of Neuchittel from the Prussian Crown. Tlhe Prince Regent of Baden, who has hitherto exercised the functions of governmnent in th1e place of his elder brother, whose state of mental derange. ment leaves no hope of his recovery, has at length assmed the title of Grand Duke of lBaden, doubtless in preparation for his approaching marriage rith the Princess Louisa of Prussia. ille followyn isnthetet of the proclamation that he an isued on the occasion: "nWe, Fredrch, by the grace of God Grand Dake of Baden, and Dauke of Zlhnngcn, make known by these bresents; when at the decease of our father the Grand Duke opold, of imonejshable memor the agnaten s E our house, in concurrence vrith her-Serene Highness ourmother, pronounced that our dearly beoved brother the Hereditar Grand Duke Ldwig 'swas incompedtent to undertake the governmentof theGrandtDchyand to conduct it tothe enefit of the family and the country,' we, betng called thereto biy the grace of God and the law of our houses entered upon the government of the Grand Dachy wvith all the rights and duties attacned to and incumbent on the Sovereignty, and atthe same tiimereccivedthe homage. Bcmn actuateda, however, by fraternalcnsiderations, werefraine. a that tme from assuing the title of GrandaDke, but afterthee3perence of fouryearsv ecannotconcealfrom ourselvesthat, for the protecton of theinterestso our country as well as for theexercise of our rights and daties,h e cannot abstamhfangy long ponlod from aissming the title of Grand Duke; aa we cannot close our eyes to the considerathon that in alowing a right that comre tons by the layu of oar house to remai longer in abeyanece e ourselves would not he the only peraon affected by our so doing. un asuborditing therefore our own personal feelings to consit deratons connected with the future of our on fanich Ma ef our country we find ourselves Strengthened by the resent expression of the wishes of our agnates-v, that Mwe should assume the title of Grand Duke and arry it out toits consquences as though we had acted upon ths right earLier we eccirdingly declare that we hereby assume the itle of Grand Dake, tat fell to h s ppth all its rights and prlvilez s at th thime of ur entering upon the government. oe commtad all our subjects to contorm torthis "Given under oar own hand and seal in our capint cf searlsruhe, Sept. 5,c1856 i "f NeDu IClr Th Prnc Reen of Badn h a ithRto ofhi ldrrthr,wos tateof mTentldrne " VONf S Lhl. i e hn thateha on the occasioncs' Thefollowing is the -text of a nOtetht the Minikter of Foreign Affirs in Greece -has -just lately forwa-rded to the representative of Fr-ance atth Cot of Athens:-eCor "4Athens, Aug. .13 (25) *"M. Is 31inistre,-Ia a conversAtionx which took- pla.Ce yesterday on a public promnenade between X. I'An,iral Bouet 'Willumes and. IoColonel Touret, Commandant. de Place dlAtheneA, the admiral saidmi a lend voice, and so' as to ho heard by a largc number of bystanders, who have 'informed uLs of the matter, that'he wouild never permit the Government . to clhange its Commaandant do -place at the P1irssAs, that it was he who was king of the Pinsus, and that 'if they sent, him another officer he -would asa-d him back under charge of. gendarmes to6 Athens. C-olonel Touret having - bqienqujstionecd on.the subject~, confirms these expressions., "Asa aprotest against these expressions, pronounced in public, andwhich involve adirect attac'k uapon the sore-; reign rights of, and the respect due 'to the Crown, the ~ ,Queen has immediatey ordere another -destination 'to be ,givses to M. Melino,. who has hitherto fulfilled the .fxic*tim of Commiandit de Place. at the Emrus. Hler ma. jesty wfi not peMit even the shade olf a sespicion to args thot,she couldtolerate, the. least infrin&enent on the to her by the Kihasng.ru"
3fOMXY-lMfABKTdnd cn!'LIGRa. : - - Wednesday Evening. This baa been settling day in the English funds, and, owing to the closing of their accounts by persons who have lately been operating for a rise, the market has exhibited great heaviness. Consols for money, which left off yesterday at 94k, were -first quoted 9ti to & and there were soon sellers at 94. A rally then occurred, but it was not maintained. A renewal of speculative sales forced prices down to 94 to * for money and 94 to i forthe 8th of October, and they remained witout further alteration to the officil close. . After regular hours there Iwax a tendency to greater depression. The simultaneous increase of the rate of discornt in most of the continental cities created distrust as to the imnediate prospects of the money-market, and advantage was takgn of this feeling to extend the circulation of a report that -at the Bank this morning the Committee of Treasury resolved to recommend to the -weekly Court to-morrow an advance of i per cent. - The bulLon and the reserve of notes are just at a point to lead to an anticipation of this kind, supposing the returns of the present week to be again infavourable. Consol Scrip leftofrat 2* to 3 pr-c miium; Exchequer-bonds, 100; ana lndia-bonds and Ezcbequer-bills, 4.s to 1Ts. premium. There wasagain a full inquiry for money to-day, and the applications at the Bank were numerous. The paper offered is believed to be mostly' of long date, thus evidencing a general impression that the demnand is likely to continue. Foreign seeCurities have not greatly varied, and. the prices of some descriptions were firmer towards the close. Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, were negotiated at 103k. 'In the Four per Cents. Guaranteed the operations for money were at 103R and -, and for the aceount at 103X, ', andl. Parchases of Buenos-Ayres, for the account, tookplace at 75. The general business comprised-Mexican, for the account, 221, , an'd i; -eravian, for the account, 81; Portugese Four per Cents., 49i; Spanish New Deferred, 251; Spanish Certificates, and* ; Dutch- Two-and-a-Ealf per Cents., 65, 65k, - and 654; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 99. The corn-mark-et was steady this morning at the decline of Monday. The llnal quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 70f. 75c.for money and 70f. 86e. forthe: end of the month, showing a renewed decline of about of a- quarter per cent. The Sardinian has arrived from Melbourne -with 64,000 ounces of gold, valued at 2C6,0001., the whole of which is expected to be sent awray. The dates by this vessel are to the 27th of June, being three wleeks later than those broug,ht by te overland mail on the' 1st inst. The telegraphic accounts from China to-day are to the 24th of July, and announce another rise in the exchange at Shanghai vhich will give a further stimulusto the shipment of dollars to that port. By the last mail the quotation was 7s. 3d., and it is now 7s. 5d. At Canton there has been no alteration, the rate being still 4s. Vld. The rebellion is alleged to have become alarmingly serious in the north, the Imperialist camp having been driven back to within 30 miles of Souchow. Wetmore and Co.are-stated to have suspended, but teiegraphic inaccuracies are so common that it is necessary to receive anannouncement of tlhis nature -with caution. The export- Of tea was 4,280,0001b., and of silk 2,102 bales. The recent defalcations of the cashier and subcashier of the Northern of France Railway, which at first wvere supposed to have been limited to about 30,0001. or 40,0001., are now rumoured to reach 6,000,0GOf., or 240,0001. The whole of this extraordinary embezzlement is believed to have been managed in the manner mentioned in TMe Times of Saturday. The share and obligation holders have the power of depositing their stock with the company for security, and access hasbeen gained to the property thus lodged, 'which has been made away with on the Bourse to the extent stated. Several other persons are said to be iplicated in the robbery, one of whom has already been arrested, and there can be little doubt. that the two principal delinquents, even if they have suceeeded in gptting away to America or elsewhere, will stl be captured. The event- has caused a considerable depreciation in the shares of the company, -which have gradually declined from 45 to 40, but the magmitudeof the capital-about 7,000,0001. sterling-is such that the loss will only be equal t 34 per cent. The market must for some time have been depressed by the constant sale of the stolen shares. It is stated that a petition has been presented to the Lord Chancellor for winding up the affairs of the Royal British Bank. 'At a meeting of the Royal Santiago Mining Company, held to-day, a call of 11. per share was made, to prosecute the undertaking. It is stated that the miners sent out from this country have proved inefficient through having contracted habits of intemperance, and that native labour is becoming scarce and expensive. 'Under these circumstances it is proposed, to introduce a limited number of Chinese, and to provide for the necessary engagements and other expenditure further means are required. The latestadvices are more encouragging, and the management hope that remunerative discoveries may yet be made. A full history of the imniigration to the United States from 1819, the date of thefirst official records on the subject, by Mr. William J. Bromwell, of the Department of State, has lately beenissued at New York.*i The work also contains a review, from such limited materials as are available, of the immigration priortothe collection of regularstatistics. The current commenced from England, Ireland, andScotland, and-from Germany through the French and British ports; but it is believed that during the 10 years from 1784 to 1794 the average did not exceed 4,000 per annum. In 1794 there was an increase, and the number reached 10,000; but this rate is not supposed to have been maintained, the average up to 1817 bein3g estimated at only 6,000. After thlat period the results of the termination of the war which had prevailed between Great Britain and the United States from 1812 to 1815 began to be developed, and in 1817 the, total arrivals were 22,240. Two years.laterimnigrationwas facilitated by the passage of a law to prevent the sufferings -previously incident to crowded emigrant vessels, by reatricting the number of passengers and enforcing sanitary r~egu,lations. Provision was also made for a statistical account of all arrivals, distinguishing sex, age, occupation, and place of birth of each person, and from that date to the present time we have consquently full. -details of the entire move-: ment. From theso it appears that it has gone onin the following ratio 10 years ending the 30th of Sept., is29 ... 328,502 101 ditto ditto 31st of Dec, 1839 ... 538,3s1 91 ditto ditto 30th of Sept., 1849 ... 1,4rt,337 - 6 ditto ditto 3Xst of Dec., 1855 ... 2,118401- Mdaking a total of 4,212,624in a little over 36 years, of whom 2,343,445 ware bom In the united kingdom. The year. of the greatest imigration was 1854, the number then having been increased to -427,833 by the influx of 206,054 Germans Lastyear thetotal was onfly200,877, including 66,219 Germans. - Of t Ehe entire immigration since 1819, 1,747,930 out of the 2,343,445 British subjects are believed to. have been irs.Germany has-contributed 1,242,082; .France, 188,725; Switzerland, 31,071 ;- Norway and Sveden, 29,441 China, in .consequence.of the attraction of Califormia, 16,714-; 3Mexico, 15,969; and Italy, 7,185. Fromallother countries.the numbers aresmaller. Russia has furnished only 938; and Turkey, 123. To the British subjects must be added 91,699 from Canada, 35,317 from the West Indies, 101 from the East Indies 2 from the Cape of Good Hope. and 20 from Australia. In1. an app,endix, M[r. Bromwellegivesthe Naturalization and Pasenger L.aws of the United States, with extract.s from the laws of the individual States relating to immigrants, the iMportation of - paupers, convicts, lunatiscs, -&c. -- Histor-y of Ifiliraiioan to the Uniae Stoles. PRedfield, New York.. Trubner, Paternoser-row.-
--ILWATY INTELLIGETc CE. - - i tlAT.'F)AWT.AT 2.oa lepoyt of the directors of this- comcany states that the trQantafor theohnlf-year show babmce of 36,9281- of which, afEor paying dividends Qn the original preferenice shaxes nnouutin"gto 10,7661., on the 5 per cent. and 4per cent. preferenco half shares to 1,003!., and on the newr preferenco quarter shares to 893?., together 19,6533., there remains 17,2751. To this is added 5W4?., the balauce from tho pre. irxazd half-year, making an available sum of 17,8391., out of whEch the directors recommend a dividend at tho rato of I per cent. per annum, absorbing 15,269?., and leaving 2,5701. Therevenuefor the half-year ending the 31stof July-InAst amountcd to 290,039), and for the ¢orresponding period to 285,8611., showving an increase of 4,1781. The ex- amoes aounted to 134,093., or 461. 4s. 7d. per cent, and xor the corresponding period of 1855 to 124,0134, or 4377s. 7d. per cent., showing an ineLrese of 10,078T. The directors regret that the result of the half-year's operations pcevents their recommending a higher dividend. The ordinary stoclk of the company bears so small a proportion to the aggregate capital that a comparatively trifing increase or decrease of net revenue tells materialy 9n the dividend. This has been severely felt in the p-resent instance, but it may be expected to act favourably on future balances. T-he woking expenses are 1 per cent, lorer then they were last. half-year, but they st;ll considerably exceed those of the correspondingpsriod; and there has been a heavy additional burden of interest and ICGSl taxes. The Newv Scotch Lands Valuation Act has been constructed on principles so aaifest]y unfaIr as regards railways and canals, that it is hoped Parlament may be induced te pess a measure o r In some of the parishes the comparatively few acres occupied by the railway (as 1 to 300 for instance) are burdened with considerably moro than a-half of the whole parochial assessment, and, in all, the disproportion Is most extravagant. The increase under this head alone is equal to nearly a half per cent. of dividend. But for the depressing iniluence of the long-continued iainers' shike, the revenue might have been better able to bear the extraordinary pressure of these accumulated charges,--of which, indeed, in one respect, the strike was a principal cause, for the opportunity of so much of the plant peing comparatively idle was taken to put it into a state of thorough repair-a heavy and, perhaps, nndue expense for the time, but a relief so far for the future. The traffic gives promise of large and steady improvemoent, while the workng, releved from competition, should hebe materially economized. A committee of the board have been occupied for some months in a careful examinationi into the details of the expenditue. The average r_te of debeniture interest for the half-year has been within a fraction of 41. 10s. per cent. Por the two preceeding half-ypars, to the 31st of July, 1855, end the 31st of January, 1856, the rates -were 4?. 7s. 4d. and 4?. 9s. 8Jd. respectively. lhis is exclusive of the interest paid for temporary accommodation, and on receipts in advance of calls on the new preference half and quarter shares. . 1l the new -preference quarter shares having been taLen up, [the station -end mineral depOt accommodation so much wanted may -now be provided. A comiderable accession of mineral traffic may be expected on tne opening, very shortly, of the Lesmiahagow branches. Overtures of peace made by the Scottish Central board, and cordially responded to by this company, who have ever desired to be on friendly terms with them, may, it is hoped, result inthe removal of the obstructions thrown for the last two years in the way of the Caledonian Company's North of Scotland traffic. The directors regret the unexpected rejection bay a committee of the House of Lords, of the Denny Junction Railway Bill, to which the shareholders au horized subseinption onbehslf of the company. The vacancy in the anagement, caused by Mr. Sinclair's appointment to th Eastern Counties Ralway, has been suprlied by the promotion of Mr. Christopher Johnstone, vho has had the charge of the goods tranic since the opeinng of the line in The report of Mr. Sinclair, the manager, states that the permanent way is now in the hands of the compan's serrants, and that there is ever-y p respect of its being maintained at considerably less than the rate formerly paid. The number of miles run by the trains was 1,350,96§. The cost of locomotive power, including repairs, was S 194d. per amine, hih togue6tghder with carriar e and wvaggoon expenditure, amounted to 10-69d. per train mile. The capital account shows that 8,364,842?. had been received, including 4,313,1951. share capital, 2,262,425?.. loas, tnd 1,770,914.. guaranteed stocks, and 8,269,990?. expended. leaving a balancoa of 94,852?.' he revenue account show ed that 292,211?. had been recazved for the half-year ending the 31st of July, and the exensesto 145,046?., including 2,437?. Goveurnment duty, maw,517?. rates and taxes. The feu duty and rents amounted to 4,7860., the interest on loans to 60,835?., the debenture charges to 1,491?., Farliementary to 3241. and guaranteed dividends 42,798?., leaving a balance of 36,923? CARLISLE AND SILLOTH BjAY. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Friday at Carlisle, Mr. P. J. Dixon in the chair. The re7,ort congratulated the shareholders on the openin of the railway, and that it was done at a cost within the original Estimate. The statement of the engineer with respect to the stabMlity of the works had been fully bonse out bytheGovernmentinspector. The jetty and deck works were progressing, and arrangements had been made for constructing a considerable portion of the former and thecofferdam before the close of the year. Steps had been taken for laying out 35 acres of land for building purposes. The directorslookforwardto the future with con2dence, and they are prepred topshforward the works with energy and zeaL with a railway at so small a cost and a doatin'dock, they doubt not that their most sanguine anticipation3 2S to the success of the undcrtaking will be foly realized. The capital, accout showed that 59,018. had been received and expended.I The CwsnsacAx, in moving the adoption of the report, congratuated the shareholders on the success that had so far attended their operations. Mr. lRsm.'Eseconded the motion. In reply to nestionsit was stated that the contractor bad taken 2o,J0)?. of the shares in part payment for works Great credit was due to the resident engineer for his attention to the interests of the company, and also to the contractor for the rapid end substantial manner in which ho had constructed the works. The line could be cheaply Yorked, and the public would have the benefit of it. They wvould have a line 13 miles in length and the deck completed for 20,000?. Resolutions were passed adopting the reporb, re-electing Iessrs. J. W. Marshall, J. Hope, and J. D. Carr, the ratiring directors, and re-appointing Mr. Laver and Mr. Wright auditors. Votes of thanks were passed to the resident engieer, and to the chairman and directors, for their valuable services. FORMATEM AND B13UCHA. A meeting of the supportersof this line washeldon Friday at Arirdeen- Sir J D. H. Elphinstone was called to the chair. The object of the meeeing was to explain the course which the Great North of Scotland Railway and the promoters of the Forniatine and Buchan line intended to pursue in the next session. They had now 43 miles of the main line oven to Huntley, and in the course of next month the line would be opened to Keith-53 miles. Part of the Turriff branch would be opened probably this year, and the whole of it by the 1st of - next June. In the course of the next three years there would be railw.y communication from Alford, Banff, and Inverness, over the Great North line, to Aberdeen. Their object was to aid the propnietors and inhabitants of Formatine and Buchan to bring their traflic upon the same line to Aberdeen. It was proposed to go by the west of the hill of Mormond direct to Fraserburgh. He looked upon this not so much in the light of a Buchan question as of aquestion for the county generally. It was pro sed that the Great YNorth of Scotland Railway Company should subscribe 50,000. towards its construction, and he trusted the inhabitants would obtain as much local support as possible. He concluded by movig a resolution approving the scheme,-aad that an appication be made to Parliament for powers to constrct the line. 3Ir. TuoassoT seconded the resolution, which was unanimonsly carried; and The proceedings terminated. EASTERN COUNTIES. It is said that the off2cers and servants of this company intend to piesent a testimonial of their regard and esteera teo Mr. Waddington, MP., on his retirement from the office o. chairman of the company. TRA1C RETURNS. Miles Pas- Me- Total, Total. Sailr- opea. seng= chandiso. S55. 85. Week endingAug. 16. £. arandTrunkofCanada .. .. 513 - - 5,417 i. 5,256 Week endinz Auz. 3. A3nburgh and Golgow .. 142 -1 - f -2 6,5 Week ending augst 3L * -. CaSedeian - ..-.a. .. - - 13,729 .z063 M.ssleat' sem t .ern 203 . --. 23,11IS 25,030 * ti:thBesoa *. .. s6 .. - - -5477 414 - tleth Staffoid,hire ..2233 -.. - -. 7206 .. 7,023 Wee endig SeDt. 3. Me=nandanaage 21 .. 111 .. 25 736. 059 Week ending Set. r. L-Ifst end Ealnd a'na .. - - - 1,125 , S76 CorkandPEndo . - . - -. - . . - .. 262 25 Cork, Blaclocs, and Faa- c- s 2?0enge 241~ --cifastandConat n - - - ow20 - 2507 -. 70.338 S5,417 eaden endSout,Wesomy -- 14,751 -- 3,973 .. 15,72t .. 17,03 - hi Stl:eftiieid, a 73. *- - *- ~ *- u182 775 -~~~~~~~~ -.: o .. 9,2i73 * Colliere' erito laze se-., ._. 10,3S9 9L .Tm E>cYuses01: tmayn,iea under eweunent with the Loadon end Ifoath-Westem liaioarCenmnvI $ Includiuo etlmoht earnln,-lc § The retusn fiom theite of Job', 1836. include (both in the eres-ent ans cresponding reebs)th te2tams of the Eolns'ilhsamsffi and NothlJlncadeZhit not the tsaffic Of the )Iuddenefeja Canal tcsndlrtonllal,aa U;T :andWy5Tes, Sooth JDDretien sod acbes~ 5 Includingh aof the snchester, Sozhth.smction, andAltrincham receislr. nGdmhp Deck datieste.. and Chesterfald Canlrecipti,
THB HAMPTON-C.OUPIT MYSTEBY. ,- On Tuesday morning Mr. Waldey, the coroner, accompanied by Mr. G., T. Brsnt,'the deputy-coroner, resumed and concuded at the Mitre Hotel, Hampton-Court, the adjourned inquest upon the body of Lewis Solomons, the Australian gold digger, whose body was found in the river, near Thames Ditton, on the 28th of July last, under circumstances which have been already de'ailed to our readers. As soon as the jury had been reassembled, the coronaesaid that the information which had been given to Inspector IRasy reseting the deceased nan having been seen on the nig t of tho day on which he left home had tuned out to be incorrect. It must have been on the Thursdayprevious. They had therefore no further evidence with reference to that matter, and he should proceed with the medical testimony in the case, with the view to bring the matter to a. conclusion. ~ The first witness called was Dr. Garrett, of Thames Ditton, who.said that he nande the first examination of the body on the 30th of July, but it ws a very hasty and superficial one. He made a. second poDst 7ee-nern1 examination on tfhe 25th .f AugEu, after the body had been buried. He found nine shots in the lower part of the left lung, one in the diaphragm, and another in the intestines. The incisions in the heart, which on the firt examination wete thought to hbave been inflicted by somie in2trument, had been ascertained to have been rents caused by the force of the explosion, andl the shot hand not traversecl those rents. That was al the evidence he was able to offer, The.Coroner said that the stemns-oh andl intestines had been sent to Mr. Regers, of St. George'sHospital Medical School, with a view to discover by analysis whether any narcotic rison had bean used that might have destroyed lfe, andl that gentleman had renorted that nothing of the kind was io be found. Under these circumstances, and as the case at p eseats-t-oo-d-,the jury were now in aposhtioanto proceed to the consideration oft-heirverdict. The evidence was not so clear on many points as could have been wished, but theycould not manufacture witnesses. There was great credit due to the inspector and sergeant of police for the very creditable way in which they had conducted the case an evidence had been forthcoming which was of some value, Thejury must recollect that it had been proved in evidence that the body -was found on Monday, the 28th of July, irn the river Thames, onposite Thames Ditton. The first witness called was a waterman named Tegg, who said that a hand was first seen appearing on the surface of the water, and then sing, an a{terwaids the body of the deceased man, which has been proved to have been that of Lewis Solomons. It appears that he was 34 years of age, and in the year 1853 had gone to Australia on a mission for Mr. Davis, a china warehouseman, of Tottenham-courtroad; and he had returned to England between five and six weelks before his body had been: found. Several persons had been before the jury as witnesses who had seen him. Both Mrs. Tyler and Mrs. AUngley had said that he had slept at their house. He was with his uncle, Mr. Arnold, for one month, and both Mrr. andl Mrs. Arnoldl had sad that he left their house on Thursday morning, the 24th of Jly,and hatwasthe last evidence they had of his being seen alive. Where he had been and what he had been doing from that day until the day he had received his atal wound there was no evidence whatever. The witness Jewuoys had been with him at a publicbouse where Soloxaons was calin for brandy, and drinking excesively, Immediately after ¶leaving his home on that Thursday morning he 'was seen to pull-out a Purse containing 15 or 16 sovereignm and the disappearance of that money, coupled with the wounds on the bodT, had ledl to the impresson that he bad been murdered. chf these wounds had beentcaused by stabe it would then have been quite clear that the deceased had lost his life by the hand of an assassin, for it would have been also quite clear that he could not have inflicted those wounds himself, as any one of the thhree musthave been mortal, and, aftier havig inflicted one wound, he could not have the powoer to infict the second. Dr. Garrett had rd icoveredU shots in the lungs and intnestines, and these were to be aacounted for. Now, it appeared tfdhat the deceased was a man of veryunortunate habits, as several hwitnesses had sDoken to his drinking to very great excess. He was consutntly displaying a dagger and Pistol, both of which had been token from him byv Mrs. Gray. 'Up tothe 21stof Julyhe had apistol and large shiot in his possession, and remaiked, when in company with anotherawitness, to whom he show,d it, "See, this is the way we colonists travel."1 HIis friend, having apprehensions of danger, ask-e him to fire the pistol off which he did. Asfp terthis it had been shown that he had a powder-flask and 20O shots with him. He had threatened to take away his own life, the life of his siser, and that of Mfx. Davis, adding to that by furthaer threatening to "1ma'ke two widows at one shot.", Mrs. T7yler had staled that the deceased had been at her house raving after brandy. Hle had bitten a piece out of the tumbler which was before the jury, afid chewed and ma.sti- cted it so miuch that his mouth had bled, thereby showing beyond doubt that the man was not in a right state of 3mid. The man was nothing also than a madman, and they could come to no other conclusion, at least he (the coroner) thouaght; not. Evidence had been given that the deceased had died in consesquence of the wouLnds which had been inflicted upon him in the heart. It was impossible to say what he raght have done with his pronerty between the time of his leaving home on the Thursday morning and his destroying himszelf. On that Point there was no evidence 'whatever. There had been no evidence to show what had becomne of him from Thursday, the 24th of July, up to the 28th, the day his body had been found in the river Thlames. Hle might have destroyed himself before he got into the river at all; for such a hypothesis was feasible enouigh, He (the coroner) did not suppose that people were miore moral at EHampton-court than they were in the metropolis, and he could assure the jury that it was a Very commonxpratice in Loendon for persona to -search dead bodies under te pretext of endeavooritng to dis-cover a card or some peper of address, and if anY ProPerty was found it was pp ied o aimprperse ad nverfound its way to then owner dcagain Ifath dxiealdg hrandy Iinh money upo thise perso tte timberofehs death, it wasc qite posible that ithdbeen ateraken awayi o by some onecae whomsafterward pu-e ithe s body inton the s warter on the ote,her had,the reon.r baud beeind noeidne tousho that th hen te had propet aboterhime wat thetperiodewhen hed died,roand ai-lthoughs (the witonessJfres had cnitiold them that the saw thed money wyhen tv ad hthe decaedw schdrinkin brand wisthl him,selfdl threerrtely anumberlessixe ways bytwich ito mightro haveow bieen aTherwrd got ridgof byte sadeceasedino thimelf shavin sadthrush muhe Guponse thisprt?o the canswe, be (thahe coraonr wols einah uy that therefirstuc things othbmd ey hascud -lto determinedfwas whetr the n he man hawesryd uislf. Hase (thelcoroner's)l own covcto wast thatthes manhd dunieds byohst townu hand thrat. hdicArgedther pisould himseflfy deliberately,t dandwthi a fixehad deteminbatinoesto his wowldno thrug the Guretrnsabey shiert? Ine answerto tateountin sythat ithr wasiere posuhtingsdoe bylti madmn has couled not be acouted for. Every now and thpoen af mlacn woul leaveo nare ball-room, pull of hisw best or clthes,and tput ohIse wortht cutonhis thereoat. Aidnottherk would caerefullybee spoilth cularpe or thabltoe. There was anote acicounstinge formths; t weasrquite psiblte thatnths manuhtadmly litedau hisol shirt wiathoed thand fohe purposee dofe plain thfoe. pIsto ppaetohm(the coroner)thrfrdinotik that thee wecase hany-ef thing peculnr In that.- There wanes ainother ciercumsanc sc omewatrdemrkal cmine aal.H(the ma'odct-onaely,cthat het had eftr hvis waistcoatoan wtche aetihomend Mrs.h Aitnolds hray. sTaethat hoa had ntevperdon so before, Itr appxeardutorimg (the cotroner) that the deceased had lf henisswatc w utith a woudetemiatioben btocommithsuicidebfrce his reetun. Itecer;dhr was a eift n'smnd tesohatetherea bee nout murder cmintted catsal. Hey' (tthemp coronver)yol npot, howeveravirerting ti &o tthe Studypestimonygo the wnitnessth Gray. Tha mavng had attempan taed tohaccut for his limev during ath fapoourtdy tat theI dceased had b beroten misedabt it woud have beern betenfh evidencethtGa id unsationsfcoy alhough heer dtailed his wownoAualp movmets, spok ofgeeing" hiswif on thaver Saturday precedingl theo fiding ofe the body,wa fofuivng, her moe,and staidnthed theatibe ha.ever been.9 athamto Court atollmon migt coulidnober fojrgotte Bn tat hadbenen swor inx evidence. ta ra ad himagan,"and oneetWeheat veryd say, te2the wofrJly,tw T'he Coroner.-He remembered it being distinctly sworn to at the time ; hut all those things would go for nothing, unless there were other circumastances of an inculpatory nature to support them. Patting all, these matters before them, his own conviction was, as he had already stated, that the deceased man had destroyed himself by a pistol discharged into the lungs and which pistol he had on the night of the 21st in his Possession. It had been proved that 'he was a 3ma of a very violent temper, constantly drink-. in brandy to exces, and beinug for the greater part of Use tie in a, state- of frenay-Positively a mnadman. Haig now made what observations ho (the coroner) felt necessary,Lhe had to taIl the jury that they -wouald have first to consider whether the deceased had died by the infliction of the xvounds himnself ; and, secondly, -what lwa. his state of mind -when he zo inflicted those wtounds. If the jury should not think that the evidence warranted them in returning such a verdict, they would than consider whether those wounds had been inflicted by any other person. If they returned a verdict that the deceased diedlby othr hands than his own, then it might be that an iunnutation of the most fearful nature would rest, perhaps, nuo some person who might be entirely innocent of the decealpd's death! Upon the conelusion of the coroner's address the jury retired to a private room for about 20 minutes, when they returned into court with a verdicot to the effect that the jury were unanmonsly of opinion that the deceased man, Lewis Solomons, had died in onse4uence of wounds caused by a pistol shot, but whether such wounds had been inflicted 17 himsek' or some other person t.here was not sufficient-gn.- dance to show.- :
[AdvertisementLJ-" Sunday Times," 103, FIlee5stet I PcrietcrMr FL E. S. mith,of the3TheatreRoyal,Drury-lane).. The esirrdnay increase in them tle of thisipaper isomprecedented. Xhe Proprietor ba appolsnted agents in Sydney, Australia, France, DearaarkC opeehsa1en, America,- West India Ilande, -and in aU t'ii cclorl3z e& To av&ertisers It offers great facilties from its _nvown circllation in every part of the worliL To agricuiturists it isinvanulble.- Cobtaining the latest etans of the different narkets and the nnoP. anxthento information and advice on all matters connected with tile fsslng intero st- zalso is publishedan an uistrated Supplement of adiertissiemsnts of mo& pataents and inve&tions zf tagrinultralmanufscture. -lrhe bestv; account of eporting; yachting ,acing, theatrics],. ninerair Inteligesnce. and erenr ina sagt enorwUcontisn th wtstnF pi to the'tisni- of g'sg topiere . *-A dvarsement. JTh3 "Ers,'/o Satifrdsy, will conVainY "Tsouchstone's" Doncas.cr* prophecie- and. winner fof St. 1kger,t startere, Sidess, trainer. :and Iatestbetting for thi kleat nationFal coos. wit Ss3Other ercInssve andl intere.tTo eporting faettS .h '!Stehie ano aandiwah rl- Abuse of Zanbnpsten-ShaneXj Pale oPieon-a new if the w ^elnODeroicl e ag3otai ortendsax po6sage sitampst:o t "Era"t mie 3, _-hvnetet 0 - and
LIVERBPOO .BANIBRUPTCY CO UBT, &pt. S. RR WlT.TAkMt TVqARI (From the Livetrool D.'tI Post.) (Before Mr. Comm sioncEr P?YBx) This banlkzrupt, late com merchant in this towi, came up onL his adjourned last examination. Mlr. Bteson was for the assignees, and Mr. Yates for tho bankrupt the bankrupt, and then ask the Court for an adjournment, because the assignees had only lately received a balancesheet of 24 pages, as well as an account of 66 pages, from Mfr. Pemberton, attorney. The accounts would require very close investigation, an the it-ems were prinicip-ally estimated, the bankorpt not having kept Mfr. P'embertonla account alone was 20,01 and ila Humphreys, a person with whom the banu'thas had many cashi payments lately, had an accoun aanthim of -30,0-0-1X; and out of that sum not 600. sappearedonTyson'es bookS. His HO?cOUn.-Probably the assignees would direct their attention to one item in the balance-shect as to mort' gages. Mr. BATOnso said that on the bank rupts balance-sheet it appeared that in 5. years he had paid for interes on loans to lr. embe.-ton no less a rum than 4,0721. 17s. 44.-that was from the 29th of October, 1850, to July, 1856. He had b3en paying interest at the rate of 6 per cent, per month, or 72 per cent, per annum; anId le found in Mr. Pembertond' account a charge for interest of no less than 120 per cent. per annumn. Under such circumstances no man could be expected to go on. He thought a more extraordinary thing was neverpresented before a Courtthan was Mr. Perobertons account. -I found oneentry thuse:-"M ayl8thlentyou to ls's of June, 1001. ; my charge, St. 10s."~-positively SI. It for the loan of 100t. for a fortnight. lOr. YATEs.-There is no doubt the average 1ate of interest was nearly 70 per cent. per annum. The bankrupt was then caled and examined at length by Mr. Buponsoy. He said,-I carried on business at live different shops in liverpool-one in Scotland-roadl, two in Great Howard-street, Dne in Cocabpur-street, and one in Vauxhall-road. The latter was my head shop. I had an office there. John Purnivell was my clerk for the last two years before my failure. I stopped on the c6th of June. My last iransaction with bills before I became bankrupt was with Hmphreys, whese draught for 8701. I accepted, and it woulnd become due on the 3d of -September. All my bill transactions a ppear in my bill-book, with one exception; thas twasbil drawn by ook, of Shrewsbury, for whtich got no value. Tecan't say thatlIdidanot draw any bils after the Ist of June. Thore were two bills drawn on Thomas Tattersall, of Bootle, but I don't know the date of' them- eh believe they wawre dated the 5th of June; they are not entered in my bill-book. They werre drawn for my accomnmodlation-they were the ;renewals of a former bill which inthYes bill-bookat he bail'l drawto by Cook, of hrewatryde wats fore lodurI hadfrom 25him, andTattersyar afterwaurdsulent.meThisanametand his two bills for4501. each B sent to Cook's bankers. did not nther the renewals in my bill-bck.y Cookin bankers still hold the original bm for His Hoxomn-I find Thomas Tattersall's name occnrs very frequently in your bill-bDok. Had yon business tr-ans actions with him? Bank t.Ye4your Honolur. I am not awar that, body. I r18ho Jn rernifte banknotes to any. M1r. Y&TFS.-D)id you pay anybody after you stopped? Bankrupt.-No. By 1r. RkTmxox.-I did nots give myv clerkc, Furnivell, any notes or half-notes to remit to any one on either of those days. The last remittance I made was 2001., early in JTune, to,Goche, Eyton, and Co., bankers, of Shrewsbury, on account of dishonoured bilsheld bythem. Ineyer had any sbare transactions. I don't hold any share in a buiclinsociety. There is no settlement made on my wife. I flra7 borrowed of Mfr. Pemberton about the year 1850 ; he had maortgages in 1849. The fir'st mortgage,* I believe, was on my land at Bromborough. I had otiler property a's 87', Vauxhall-road. That mortgagelIpaiddoffiniTJune, 1853. I paid interest onit a'sthe rate of 5perse's,. The 1,0001.received by Mrx. Pemberton from MTr. Rodick-, inx june, 1853, would be in discharge of that mortgage and for mioney lent. It is true t hat in 18'50 I paid Mr. P'emberton interest at the rate of3 parcent,per mnoth. Mfr. BATEO'.-iesee an entry in Mr. Femberton's accout:" pri 1 152,le'syoutil he13th'ins'snt 100. Bankupt.-I cnnotsay.I wa notawa-re that I had paidhim orethan6?. -moth. ut can't contradfict Mfr. BATEsorr.-Then I see another entry :-"April 2 letYOU 1001. My ohae 21. ;I and, then oni the 6th of April ""ReceivedI 1004" That is 21. for the loan of 1001. forfourdays. Isthatcorreot? Bankrupt.-I can't contradict them. Mra.BATES,orc,.-OnSthe 6th of April,when you repaid him the 1001., there appears a fresh loan of 601., wvith a charge of 21., received on the 12th of April. "1Lent you for a month 1001. ; " and on the 15th, "My charge for a loan of 1001., from 12t-h of April to 12th May, 61."? On the 16th, "My charge for alwn the 1001. to remain over from April 13th to the 20th, 21. lOs, ;1' and then "1My c'harge for allowing 2001., -which should have be'en pa'd yesterday, to remain over to the 29th, 61. ;" pind ."My oharg for allowing the loan of 1001. to remain over fronm the 22d of April to April 29th, 31. So that it appears'thzt when. ever you wanted any accommodation you paid him what he chose to ask you ? Bankrupt. .--lo, I did not. Mr. YATES said, in justice to the bankrupt, hesliould state that Tysoni had filed Mfr. Pemnberton's account by his adviser-'s desire, although it might tell against him. His Hoicoum-Did you ever object to any demands mnade upon you by Pembertoneyofoni Mfr. BATEsoN.-The hylidyou notrrow money of him we o would pay him his price ? Bankrupt.-NTo; because it was not always convenient. His HcNurom-Can you remember any Pinsknce in which the interest has been reduced in conisequence of your objections ? Bankrap's.-I ean't speak- to any one. Hlis HoXOvu.-Djd you always pay what he aslked? Bankrupts.-No. His HoScolun-Then cannot you refer me t-o any one in. stanewbre,in cnseuene ofyou obections, the interest Mis Hxoun.Thenyou dd payhim,in fact, -what lie Mr. BATEso-N.-Then you paid him 61. 5s. per month? In one case I see 61. lOs. was paid. Bankrupts-61. was the ordinary rate. It would, however, deped on whether he got the money out of the bank. The or~ rate wan 6per cent. per mnionth ;bat- if he took it out of his bank he charged 5s. par cent. ber month extra. Mir. BAThsox.-Andl you mnean to tell us that it is true, as stated among your tradea expenses, t-hat in 5.1 years Mr. Pemnberton 'has charged you 4,0724 17s. 44. for inEterest on leans ? BankrunW-.That is correct. Mr. BAh~soN.-And he hisn charged you fo:.-aw expenses, as your attorney during that period, .1841. 5sr. 104? - liankrnpts.-Yes, he has. Mr. BAvxsocc.-Bezldes your having- paid him - 1171. for interest on mnortaes ? BankrupLs-Yes;. that was-firom '51 to '56. Mr. BAEso.N.-AnId during the whole of these 5,1 years muc dificltyinshoingw~sre hecomrnaoney had
MIDDFESBX-SESSZONS 7Ycdnes2ay, Spt. 1Q. (Be~fore AIr. CREAsy.) l'hcebe Ha~mpton, alias Kibby, war, indlictedl for fradnlently obtaining, by Luse pretenLces, from WflisniOhrisbey, the sum of is. bd. and two loaves of bread, the property and money of the guardians of-the poor of the parish of St. Jameis, Clerkenwell. 3fr. Poland prosecute. The prisoner was apauper, ana had been in the receipt of relieffromtheparishof Clerkenwei, falsely reprcscntngtha~t she livedl in that p-arish, and was, with her two; children, in z destitute condition. At the same. time she was receiving relief from the Cityv of London Union, under the represn. tation that she lied in thb parish of St. Sepulchre After the evidence had been given, - Mr. CREAsY told the jury that itwas'elear that the -prisoner liad.told ai lib wit-h respect to the one Parish Or 'the other~, buat therewas iio legal proof,befor te& Cut 'that she did not live in the place 'she represented to the -Olerkenwell , elievitg officer, -whereas such proof could have been 3mostrady procured. The cxse bad beeon very lodsely got Up. Mr.,CP-,&Y_hopedathis Would be' awarnin~ to Te psi. !zonbr, who,n3o doubt; had been defrauding at least one parish: "-Thjdcase was a very.kroper one:for.proseution,bust the evidence had pr-oved insuin~cient to convict ht6i..- . - - Jie W~drw, 7~, as nditedfora similar frauad. .She Peaipe i.mglht bsa thought there was not a great dea of bart iunconmittin- such a fraud - pon-a parish,but the guardiaiis wereIreustes of the money of the. ratepayers,. many of whomrr could hardly pay the 6harges upin them, and it was taeir duty to prevent such frauds as much as possible, for, if permitted-to go'on, in tEe end the results would be mostonmschievous. nTo prisoner had been already in prison three weeks, and he should sentence her to three weeks more, as example xather than punishment was the object of the guardiaLs in prosecuting; but a much more eovero sentence would be passed in any futare case. Percy Brooks , Thomas Smith, i5, and George Hedford, X2; vereludicted fcr stealing four keys and 1i. 7s. 2d. fromn the person of Mary Hughes. Mr. Poland prosecuted; dr. Payine defended Hedford. This was en ordinary case of pock-ct-picking in the street. The younmger prisoners acted in concert, under the direction of the elder one. i The jury found them aU Gui1zr. Smith had been nine times in the House of Correction. Mr. CREASY sentenced him to sir months' hard ]abour, Brook3sto two years' hard labour, with the object of his being sent to the Redhill Reformatory; and Hedford, -who he said he had not the least doubt was a regular trainer of young thieves, he sentenced to four years' penal servitude. I John Palmer, 38, a dustman, was indicted for stealing a horse, the property of Thomas Rook-, his master. * r. M'Enteer was for the prosecution; Mr. Horry for the prissoner. the prosecutor was a dust co2ntractr, and had about 50 dustman in his employment. The prisoner was-one of themo, and he had chuarge of a horse and cart. G- thle 23dof An,,ust he soldthe horse at a knacker'sfor oOs.,.and on the 2atn twasfoundtherehythepolice. It died on Monday The defence was that the horse was diseased and unfit for work, and that the prisoner had a 3igat to treat it as his own, as there was a debtor and creditor account between him and his master, the balance being in the prisoner's favour. The prosecutor den'ied this, and said he shonld like the learned counsel to explain to him how the prisoner had a riht to a-ll his horse, even if he had owed him money. Mr. 1Roey said, he was instructed that the horse fyen to the prisoner to work out the debt that was owing The prosecutor said that was not true. The jury found theprisoner Guilty, and Mr. UnEASY sentenced him to six months' hard lahour. C Charles Finnerton, 22, shoemaker, was indicted for stealing a watch from the person of. Mary Ash. tr. Langford proseauted; Mfr. Horsy defended the prisoner. gSome tieago theprisoner and a -woman -went into the shopof Mr. s, a tailor, in Exmouth-sbreet, Clerkenwell andasked Ms. Ash to show them soene goods out of the -wmndow, and as she was standmg on the shop board to reach them the prisoner snatched a watch which she was wearing. at her side, and he and the woman ran of:. The woman was overtakenand given in charge, and, on conviction, was sentenced to four yea penal servitude. 3rs. Ash gave an accurate description of the nan to the police, by which they apprehended the prisoner, whom she at once identified. He was taken by Serieant Porter, 3 G. The jury found him Guilty. It was proved that he had been summarily convicted 11 times; and, by way of " checking" the list of his convictions made out by the prison officers, the prisoner handedin one prepared very carefully by himself; showing the date of reach conviction, the sentence he receivd on each occasion, the police-courts where the convictions took place, and the offence he was charg,ed with. nder the head "What for" he had "Picking Pockets" (six times, "Ponsession of Burglars' Implemnents," " Unlawful Possession," and "Assault." Mr. CRsRAmR sentenced him to four years' penal seivitude. The prisoner threatened to murder the ofcer who took him when he had served his term.
POLICE. MANSIO.N-oxUsE.-A young man named William Thomas Butler was charged with having illegal possession of 36 liadf s mantles J sarles Baker, city officer, No. 6035, said,-I last night saw the prisoner inPetticoat-lane, carryig a wiclker-baset on his head. lasL-ed him what he had in it, and he replied that it contained clothes. I then asked him 'where he was going to take it to? He replied, "To Moses and Sonr's Minories." Upon tking him to the stationhouse he told me that a man in Brick-Iane had given him the basket to carry to Messrs. Moses and Son.s, vwho stated that they knew nothing of either the prisoner or the basket, which contains 36 new capes. The prisonersaidhehadreasontobelieve that the man wrho gave him the basket to cary could be discovered, and asked. to bo remanded. Remanded accordingly. William Symonds, a fellowship porter, was charged with assaulting Harriet, his wife. Tho complainant, ayoungwNoman, who exhibited n black eye, having been sworn, stated that on the Drevions evening the prisoner, who was drunk, began to "row" her about a pmt of ale which she had tak-en from the bar of the publichouse where they lodged, and approprSated to her exclusive use, She replied, in ansver to his abuce, that as he had had two pints to himssdf he surely could not object to her having one. Upon which he raised his fist and gave her several blows, one of which produlced a black eyve. T;he LoP.D bLYoR-How long have yoe been married to the prisoner ? Complainant.-Three years, and he has been in the habit of and ill-using me the whole of that time. He is continually upbriuding me, and telling me that he took mo from slavry an prostitution, which i's utt'erly untrue. I was servent in a resoectable family when he marriedme. He has property of his own, but whenever he gives me atrifling sum of money,to purchase a pair of shoes, for instance, he grumbles for the next for-and-twenty hours, and mluses me. Tzhe prisoner, in answer to the charge, said he wras very sorry for having struck his wife, hut he had had adrop too much to drink at the timeo he commnitted the assault, and the complainant was " werr agegrawating." He had no intention of hurting ahair of her head. The ,onD MArc.-Why, look at her face, you are big enonhvto crush her, Prisoner.-I have been locked up in a dark cell for 12 hours, and have been punisbed enough, Ithink. If yoa wi let me go I w1il never touch her again with my fist. The LORD MAYOR.-I cannot do that. You must enter into your ownrecognizances in 201., and findtwo sureties in 101. each, to keep the peace for the next three months. Michael Dennis and James Driscoll, boys of 12 and 13 years of age, who have been in custody before upon charges of theft, and committed to p risen, were placed in the dock (the top of which their heads scarcely reached) for having attemptedto pick the pocket of a gentleman in Thamesstreet. T. Threadgold, officer To. 559, said he was on duty that morning, and watched the prisoners for a considerable time, and eventually saw Dennis put his hand into a gentleman's coat pocket, Driscoll standing by at the time. The LOBD MsEAYOx.-Are these boys known 9 Partridge (the gaoler).-Yes, my Lord; the last time they were hero was about three months ago. The Loa MAYon.-I shall try to make some arrangeTment by which they will be taken entirely out of the streets, and sent for two years to some industrial occupation. The prisoners were remanded. Bow-smiR.-Thomas and Harriet Clark, man and wife, were charged on suspicion of being concerned, as receivers, in the late burglary at Mr. Wyld's, mapseller, West Strand. The premises of M,r. Wyld were broken into during the night of the 2d cf August, and at least a cartload of property, consisting of globes, charts, plate engravings, & was removed. Inspector Mackenzie, of the F diavsion, having obtained information that a portion of the stolen property had been left at a marine store shop in Dndleystreet, St. Giles's, kept by the two prisoiers, proceeded to the houe., in company with Sergeant Buck and Holmes, F 50, on Tuesday morning, to make a search. He had some conversation with the male prisoner, who admitted that a' number of globes, maps, &c., were brought to his house by two respectable young men, and were afterwards fetched avay ia art by an old man. He said " Mrs. Clark and myself were made quite ill by having the things in the house'." Seeing a qntity of stolen property, the produce of 'other robberies, lying about the place, the inspector sent Holmes upstirsto examine the upper part of the house. Here the officer found the wife busily engaged in burnming parchment title deeds, legal documents, charts, &c. Holmes snatched many of these from the flames; and threw buckets of water over others in order to preserve them for fature identity. Several mounted maps, now identified as the property.of Mr. Wyld, were secured, ana a remand was required to ascertain the owners of other property disco. vered in the house. The prisoners rere remanded for aweek. !LABOROUGESTBEETY,MarY Jones, a well-dressed woman, was charged withutteringforged cohecks. Benjamin Lasoury, butcher, of 12, Terrace, Kensington said, ontWedneaday, the 25th of Aumgust5 the prisoner came to him in the evenng and banded to blirn a oetr which contained a check for 15, purporting to he drawn on Messrs. Herries and Co., by Mr. William Banting. The letter was an forillows : " No. 4, The Terrace, Rensington. "Mrs Banting presents her conipliments to Mr. Lasbury anadwillfeel ly obliged by his cashing the enclosedc check for 15gt' Witness had served Mrs. Banting for 24 years, and he had often changed banknotes for her. He told the. prisoner he was sorry ho had only two 51.-notes and a. sovereign in the house, but he would go wi7ith her to Mrs. Bantin's and see if that sum would do, and'e would send the difference in the morning. The prisoner said she would not trouble him to go with her, that she would go back to: Mrs. Banting, and state the case to her; and, if the money named we-uld do, she would return immediately. Witness thengave the prsonerthe money, and she went away. In the morniing witness found that the-check was a forgery. - Str; W. Panting, upholsterer, said the note and the check were forgeries. UJnder the advice of Mr. Herring, who attended professionally, the prisoner made no defence, and was fully committed on this chare.' -' The next case was for attempting to obtai cash fo- a' forged check from Mrs. Thomas Stephens, butcher, of 31,' North. Audley-street,- The prisoner was foully committed: on this charge. There was a third casr, but, as theevidence was not complete,the w¢itnesaewereboundover to atendattheOctober sessions. -- George Brownman, otherwise Brownse, a person of colour, describinghimsfas a bsrgeon juxst returned from India7 and in the Hlon. *East India Compauys service,-the Latter representition totally untrue,-was brought-up for furtheri examination, charged with av ieous adsandrobberies. ;Policee-ergeat 5V.ler proved 'thiat iba prisonei. had received two inipriaemnsents of three montha each at MSollo- ';Iaddtot the cascs broughst forwrard on--tbo iauL exnia'aion:, the folloin newf, chgeS 'were deSo-- Xr, *bawwbe..1 wimoaer, of Iodadiztb, seid' _ 7 > , . ~~~~~9ne. . t in August last the prisoner introduced himself to him as a -person having-the entire cenfidence of the Emigration Com- - ,nmissioners, andt being in a postion to give large orders -for provisicn goods, the 'prisoner said he' would be ible to arrange with him to dos busineas-on terms nmtually %s.tsfactory. After some further conversation 'the. prisoner mentioned that he was Imown at the India House, and went away. Witniess thought it advisable to mnake miinute inquiries before engaging' in business transactions with the -Drisoner,>- and le very soon became aware of his real character. The prisoner, however, celled in his absence, having, no; doubt, watched him leave his house, and was shown into apparlour where a -watch and Albert chain were hangin- up. The prisoner left the house suddenly, saying hewTould reuin in bye minutes, but he never came back; and the watch and chain lad disappeared. He wassinduced to pay more attention to the prsoner in consequence of the prisoner basing mentioned that he was p&ng Lis addresses to a young lad, an or,han, whose friends he knew, which turned out to be correct. He ascertained.that the prisoner was the young lady's accepted suitor, and that he proposed to take her to India after marria"e, as he had got the appointment of interpreter to the East Enia Company. He had the satisfaction of saving the young lady, but he lost his watch. Mr. BEAo considered that the loss of the watch was of little consequence compared with the service rendered to the young lady. The case, though one full of suspicioncould not be sent for trial with any hope of - getting a conviction. Another case was for passing' spurious check onMessrs. Mlason and Co., riding masters, of Erompton. The prisoner took a lesson in riding, and, thongh he gave his name as Brown, he wrote a checlc for three 'guineas, and signed it "G. F. Thompson." M. BEADoN. said it was very inconsiderate to take such a check. It was, in fact, holding out a premium to swindling. The case could not be made evidence ais it stood. Mr. Beadon then directed that the depositions in the previous cases should. be taken, nd that tse prisoner should stand committed on them. - A;rYaMosNM-Tohn Long, a resident of Leicester, was charged with endeavouring to defraud the London and lhrth-Westera Railwfay Company by attempting to r_de on the line from London to Rugby without paying the fare. Mr. InspectorMtthews producedthe act of the company, from which it appeared by clause llS that the prisoner was liable tos a enalvy of not less than 40s. for-the offence. Charles inon, an officer in the employment of the com!pany, said that thprevious afternoon he saw the prisoner n the company of a man in the yard of the Bustonsquare station. Heheard theman offerto the prisoner the return half of a return ticket to Rugby for 4s. The prisoner refused to give that sum, and offered the man 2s. 6d. This was accepted, upon which the prisoner proceeded towards the train which was goingto Rugby, and entered a secondclass carriage. After nehadbeenthere a shorb tine wivness went to him and said that hle must go along with him (the cflicer). He made no objection, and gave witness the half ticket he had receivedL In answer to Mr. Bpmur, the -witness said that the fare to Rugby was lIs. dM The practice of selling return tickets was carried on to a great extent. The prisoner had in his possession IZ. 12s. 6d., a gold watch, chain, &c. The prisoner-pleaded ignorance of the law. Mr. Bo observed that he believed he had some Imisapprehension of the law, or he would have fined him the full penalty. The prisoner was fined 20s., -which he paid. Wonsar-ssTR.-Charles Toms, a powerfl man, described as alabourer, was charged -with threatening the life and using abusive language to the Rev. Tiimothy Gibson, curate of St. Mathew, Bethnal-green. The rev. gentleman stated,-This morning, while passing near the church porch, I met the defendant, who was in company with a woman and a girl; he instantly assailed me in amost violent manner, used scandalous language, and added, " rllbring a leaden Gordon, and do your business with that." By that term I understood him to mean a pistol. He followed me into the public road, caling out, " Neighbours, come and look at this - thief; he is in the church now, but rEl soon blow him out with a leaden Gordon." A great crowd, coms red of shopkeepers and passengers, collected, and from 1i repeated threats, in conjunction with the fact of my having received anonymous letters of a sineilar tendency, and considering my life to be in danger, I felt justified in giving him into custody. I believe that he was sober. M&r. l'EvICOUPvT.-Is there any reason to believe that you have in any way offended him I Complainant.-He is an entire stranger to me, Sir. I endeavour to do all the good inmy Rower for the poor of the parish by an equitable distribution of the funds placed at my disposal by the charitable for such purpose ; of course the runlken and dissolate are not recipients of such bounty, and by them l may possibly be dislked. Defendant.-I don't want any of your reief. I ca earn my own livelihood, and the woman and girl, as you name them, were my wife and daughter. Policeman 331H, having deposed to hearing the threatenmng languato and abuse sworn to, Mr. D'EvcsCURT, addressing the rev. complainant, said -1have serused the anonyons communicationsyouhanded to me, Sir, and certainly they do not emanate from a' drunken man. I should advise you to negotiate with the; Inspector of Police in your district, who will doubtless use his best exertions to trace their source, Defendant.-I did not write them. I bear this man no animosity, and being in liquor don't recollec. what occurred. If I offended him Im sorry, and should like to go back to mv vife and family. Mr. DMEv2ornT.-You- wil be remanded for a week, that inquiries may be instituted. *The defendant, -who had condcted limself with great disrespect and violence, here exclaimed, gesticulating at the same time to the Rev. Mr. Gibson,-"N\ow, you mindtake care of my wife anl family." SoUTHWARIu.-Johannl Forkolow, QoiUTs Edward MZarknecks, a short, well-dressed man, who described himself to be a lieutenant of the German Legion, and Anne Sabine Bolow, : middle-aged lookingwoman, whostated herself to be the wife of a colonel in the same service, were charged with stesling silk and other property under peculiar circumstances. ir. Choippenfeld appeared for the prisoners. Frederick Bailey, assistant to3Mr.flolland, draper, of 1lewington-causeway, said thateon Saturday afternoon, shortly betore 3 o'clock:, the prisoners came into their shop, and the woman askedtolook at some mats and covers. - They re-- mnamned some time examining them, after wahich -the male prisoner ordered several which his companion had selected to be forwarded to their lodgings, No. 17, Dover-road. Having some suspicion that they were the persons who had paid him A similar visit about three weeks previous, when they ordered goodsand gave afalse address, and after their leaving hemissed valuable silk handkerchiefs and ribands, be sent for the shopwalker to Mr. Jones, a draper close br, and, as the prisoners were endeavouling to make a hasiy retreat from the shop, that person entered and recognized them as the persons who ordered goods at their shop under similar circnmstances. Witness accordingly detained the prisoners while he sent the porter to lNo. 17, Dover-road, when he came back and told Mr. Holland that the prisoners were not knownthere, and that more than '20 parcels had been sent there for them that day. Being convinced that the prisoners' sole object was to steal valuable propert from the counter while they were selecting the goods, and having received information that two persons answering their description hadcommiltted such offencesatother linendrapers, shops in the metropolis, he sent for an officer andgave themn into custody. When the prisoners selected the goods they said they were man and wife, and were in independent circumstances. Mr. Boyce, shopwalker to Mr. Jones, lineudraper, of Blewington-causeway, said that he knew the prione's, and he believed them to be systematic shoplifters as well as swindlers. On Saturday afternoon last he was called into Mr. Holland's shop by the last witness, -vhen he identifiea them as the persons who visited MIr. Jones's shop about a month ago. They selected linen and silk goods valued at He. lOs., and ordered them to be sent to the same address in the Dover-road. They were not known there,and the geods were brought back. Shorty after the prldoners left witness missed from the counter where they had been standingtseveralevaable silk handkerchiefs and ribauds. e gadve information to the polco aud the trade, which causedthe last witness to send for hasteridentify them. ElWtess had seen some handkerchieEs in the possession of a pawnbroker at the east end of- aondon, pledgedaby the prisoners, which he belieeved to have been stolen at that time. Sergeant hewlett, a detectiveofficer of the Ma ivision, said he took the prisoners into custody, and the addresses that they then gav he thad since ascertamied to be faLse. he found oub that they absconded from their lodginas, lto. 3, Barnes-pLae, Itle-end roa, a few days before they sgiven into custody, leaving in debt to their landlady and everybody about them. Tnhe male prsioner, whow - represented himsaef to be a colonel in the German ngion, absconded on l onday, the ast, and the womarn, who stated hersef to be the wife of a coloGerm absconded on thepTuesday. sAl ofathehad dwicovered, and hehfdrascertained that their statements were f They were both searched wa the stawonhouse, wheno their passports were foundon them, crossed and countersigshed, showing that they had frequently visited ther continental towns, but separately. The mileprisoner had-i private card mritten on it Lieutenant Ed. Markrzeck- , German - eion; and in the possseion of the woman was .s letter from Major Piowys, stating that she obtained .lZi from, him by aserti4g that she wvas the wife of. a coloneL in the -Germnan Legion in the Crime*, and bed lost- her papers.' Other. letters were also found on her, showling - that she had' obtained sums of money; under- - similar -faLse reore-~ sentations, from the gf the Belg7ihthe-Earl ofClarendon, Iady HamltonI, &c E-'He (the offlcer} underall the circumstances, wished for a remaid,, so. tht publicity3might be given to the examination in the`iiewsuapers, whereby he should be enabled to get-such evidence isaintb them, as would prove that they were'connected'-with a gang of systematic foreign - thieves and swindlers, - carrying on: their depredations al over Englndand on the continent. I- Mr. Chipperflield tobjected.to any remand, or auk furtherdetention of his clients. They had not obtained any property, and there was nothing to show they had stolen anytbing. Mr. COME said he -was of opimon that there was quite suificient for hnn to remand theno: They haad iven false addresses roDg descriptions of themselves ana property had been traced to a pawnbfolker which a witness bieheve& they, or one of thein hid stolen, therefore he should rcmand them until Tuesday'next. Jobs Clarkc, 29, Wlliuni Shearng, 32, -nudJohnRlichard.i son, 2S, well-dressed men, connected with the London well minob, were charged withteing acaibox cntaining 14 -1. Bank of Englridnotee, one 101, and one, 40., 'besides gold and silver, altogetherountsng to pwards of 2001.1 the prrty fgEdwin Newn, the landlord of the Clare' mo6nt-4hitel, Bognor usx ; - - M Mr. COmeE aid, that the ro'bS*as-e6minitted it Bognor, the-efo'evhe had nog to ' with the prisoners but remand for furUser jexamnto, 'therA£ that btft=C ro. GI~ --- RAt -:,,' *: .dEiFE& - -' il the wne Ha Nnathxtl C. NoE~iwit beizs_M_w_ in a wholesale system of robbery on the stall-3eepers inib OyvStUlPAWO. e472 David Barreia youth in the service of .ilr. GeorgSmiith, a4n'ellr, wh^o keeps astallat the CrITetal -Palace deposed t14 ab'Dout 5 o'lock on the preceding evening, the pr!sones-ivane is to his master's StAnding, and, Vleaning o,e a variety of articles, took ulp n b;rooch, which. she began to: pra:se for ita beauty, and while- doing so witniess2cse& a bracelet which he sawr safe but a Domentbefore,an dtold~ the prisoner abouti%. She replied she liew.notlnngabot it and walked away but be followvd lher ntil he met aJ constable and told him- of thaeloas and his sopicidn pf IhiS pi;soner. - - Police-oonstable Stephen Treadwel 269- P, deposed tiaiit when the last witneEs mentionedthe loss of the bracelet the prisoner denied all knowledge of -it, but samld'-tbatzther than the lad should get into any trouble abmut iti losf iAlf vwould give him half its Talue, or indeedthewh6dle 7fiti Talue. - Witness said he could not sanction any compromise of the Matter, and the prisoner then handed -to h imoum missing bracdet. He then took the lirisuner to the'scation.i house, and, on her being seched the-e, a-variey of Tn etmi jewelry, and, in fact, all descriptione o£fpoperyof-that charter sold within the building, werefound in the bolto=r part of her drees,in whichthere waslargepocket all2ro 4 mnade evidently for ithe receptioin of stoleni aitcrles. Th property found on her was of the value, witne'a th-oughkS of Thomas Follen,a lad in the care of- a stall ,elongimg to 3irs. Connell, identified a brooch of a peculiar deecnpioQn; 'whichbad been stolen frornthe stall on the precediig afternOOn, and which was found smong tb 'miscellaneous -lot discovered on the prisoner. The witness also said' he saw the prisoner at his stalldring the afternoon. The prisoner, who seemed to be much affected by her awward position, declined giving any account ofaer'elf, and was remanded.- -
=ILTARBYAND NA :AL INTNEUIENCJ An oacta1notific3tion from the tant-Gencral offce,I inDnlab, has been receioed by Major-General Sir James I Chas:n^+ Chatterton, ME[., to the effect that LieutenantGe-orel Sir Colia Campbell, G.C.B., the gallant sad Elea,igoia officer who commnded the Igiealand Brigade daring the La}t war in the Crimea, and who now holds the =ank of InEpoctor-Gonsral of Infantry, is about to proceed eDn a general inspeciion of the consolidated dipdts in Ireland, and may be expcted in Limerick in the course of a few days. Sir Coei Lha arrived in Dublin, and dined at the VEcererga-lodge on Zonday. Yesterday the steam-transport City of London (No. 9), arived at iiverpmol witlh the head-quarters of the British Ithlian Legion, indclding 26 officers, 57 non-commissioned officieg and 251 rank and file, direct from Malta. The r=iling tansport Tador is daily expected to arrive at the same pof- with the rem=inder of the corps, amounting to 700. The troops on board the City of London wfill disemibark thiis morning, and will proceed to York. The names cd the officers are z-Uajor Berrington, Staff-Paymaster 3cnzen, PayMs-tersR. Desanges, G. Lambert, and R. J. S. impaon, Quart-rnarstor S. Curran, Surgeons C. Deparez and G. Gallessie, Intendent L. Rowvback, Captains Filaret, Sulvugne, P-, Itevastofoxis, and Pesca, and Adjutant ~Ca-=nn. Her Majestsseam mortar-ship Euretas, 12, Captain W. 2oormSOM, C.B., arrived at Spithead yesterday from the Crimea. Her MIajesty's sloop Express, Commander Boys, left Spit. bead yesterday for Plymouth to be paid off. The Amaranth transport5 No. 212, ardved at Spithead on Tuesday evening from the Crimea with stores. The Firefly steam-transport, yo. a53, arrived at Spithead yesterday moring from the Crimea with stores and ammunition. The Prussian corvette Amazone, Captain Kuhn, -whose arrival at Spithead on Suxday last we have noticed, will leave for Danasic this day. Her captain and officers, among whom is Prince von Schwar.tzbrg Sonderhausen; visited Portsmouth 6ockyard yesterday, aecompanied bh their Consul, Chev. Van Den Bagh, who, in the absence of the 2ort-A-lmiral and Lieutenant-Governor, entertained them at the Consulate in the evening. Yesterday morning a draught of 75 non-commissioned offil -csand men belonging tothe 6th Dragoon Guards, 2d Royals, 4thing's Own, 7th Fusleers, Sth, 19th, 2-3d Welsh Fusileers, 30th, 41st Welsh Regiment, -49th, 50th Queen's Own, Slat Light Infantry, 55th, 67th, 72d Highlanders, 77th, S0th Iaght Infantry, and a detach ment of the Land Trans. port-Corps, left St. Mary's Barracks, Chatham, to join the depdts of their respective regimenrts, the whole having recovered from sielnees and wounds incurred in the Crimea. A draught of 28 non-commissioned officers and men proeaeded yesterday morning to join their depOts stationed in Ireland, under the command of Ensign D. Jackson, 40th Regiment. The duaughts of the 43d Light Infantry, and the.84th Regiment, °5 men of all ranks, left Chatham Barracks yesterday under the command of Captain W. MInes, 43d Regiment, andproceeded to Gravesend, -where they embarked on board the Agiucourt,-the 48d for Madras, and the 84th for Rang'0on-for the purpose of joiaing the service companiss of their respective corps. Captain Charles Barker (29th September, 1850) has taken -up his commision, and joined the Retribution, 28 guns, paddlewbeel steam frigate, refitting at Sheerness. The InsIlent gunboat, Pritchard, commander, has been lent by the Admiralty to the Beard of Trade for the. -purpese of assisting at the erection of a lighthouse on the Basses Rocks, off Ceylon, and left Sheerness yesterday morning direct for that island. Great additions and alterations are being made at Pembroke Dockyard. The present dry doek is being widened and lengthened, g as tomeet the requirements of our new class men-of-war. Two new slips for ship-building are in COurSe of erection; these are being made of huge blocks of limestone, with copings of granite. Other slips are being lengthened to meet the increased size of the ships, and the consequaence is great increase seaward of the establishmnent. An extension of the sea wall is going on. All accumulation of mud is to be washed away by means of reservoirs between the slips, and these can be run out by the sluices when required. The lengthening and widening of the dock will this year eost 10,0001., and the new slips and boat basin will take 14,000. The entrance of the dock is to be widened, at an expense of 5,0001. Lieutenant-Colonel Irving, who commanded the Artillery of the Kilkeany Military Distriet, now, upon the bre ak-ing np of the district, is to take command of the Pigeonhonse Fort, Dublin. The head-quarters of the 13th Light Dragoons will arrive at Cahir on Friday, where five troops are to be stationed, the head-quarters of the 17th lancers having left that grison for Dublin, where they arrived on wednesday. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant the Hon. J. B. Vivian, additional to the Calcutta; the Hon. F. G. Crofton, midshipman to the Raleigh; S. Gassiot, naval cadet to the Retribution; G. A. Stabb, additional master of the Blenheim, for sen-ice in the Resolute; Duncan 3. Lsoutted, additional master of the -Blenhemm, for service in the Assistance -fValentinoF. Joinson, second-master to the Starling; Archibald Stevenson, assistant-surgeon to the Rogue; John B. Swam , assistant. paymaster (lst class) to .the Excellent.
THE STATE OF BOULOG.Vh, TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I yesterday read in your paper a letter signed by some of the medical men at Boulogne, in which they endeavour to make it appear that the epidemic which has been raging in that town this yea: has been confined, with a very few exceptions, to the indigent population. That it *has prevailed to a greater extent among the lower classes is probably the case; but to my certin knowledge many families, both English and French, belonging to the higher classes, and paticularly visitors, have been sufferers from this fearful malady, for which at present no remedy seems to have been discovered. I have myself lost an only child while on a visit to some friends, after 36 hours' illness only; andmyfriends lost achild afew days befoze her death. These cases and the numerous deaths that have appeared in the obituary of your paper during the past month are sufficient to prove that this fatal disease is by no means confined to the lower clamses. The healthy stats of the camp proves nothing as to the salubrity of the town, as it is at least two miles from Boulogne, and on airy and elevated ground fully exposed to the sea breeze. I will not trespams further on your valuable space, but will thank you to be kind enough to insert this letter, which may serve as a warning to those waho might otherzise be misled by the assertions of persons who appear to be desirous of concealing the truth from the public. I enclose my card, but beg to subscribe mvself merely. A SUFFERER FROm TE P_REVAjfNG V.PMPn?LvTr. &In rn -a Sept. 9.
THB MVAVUPVPACTUp_ OF SBON. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Yonr correspondent, " A Forge Manager," has charged the writer of the article on iron, copied f-om the Birm,ingham Joourmal of Saturday last into The Times, with havig described iron as invariably subjected to treatment in the refinery, prior to puddling; whereas much wrought iron is manufactured without having been so treated. - WMil you low me to say that, not only is this not stated in the article in question, but that it is nowhere even implied? The refinery process is described prior to the puddling, and the strongest expression on which the "Manage's" charge can be founded is, that this is described as the "ordinary manuf-irte." But to state that a thing is ordinarily done is not to state that it is invariably done; on the contrary, the expression implies that it is not invariably done. Mroreover, it is again and again explained in the artcle in question that mch of interest is omitted, and that such points only are touched upon as appear to have a tearing on Mr. Beszsemr's invention. As well may the "lan.ger'se' neighbour on the right - raise the cry of ignorance, because no mention is made of the "crocodile " used in his works; or his neighbour on the left, -because no reference is made to the "Jerry Brown-" machine with w7hich he mskes his blooms. It issarcelypossiblethat one whohas witnessed the mannfroture of hundreds of tons of iron without the agency of the refinery shoull even inadvertentlystate that that process is invarIably resorted to. He has nowhere said so, either directly or by implieation; and the only expression he eni ploys relative to the subject involves the contrary-nauely, that it is not always resorted to. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, TkiW AWITER OF THE ARTICL IN O-lESTION Birmingh:nm, Sep'. 10. Tomr THV3nm.-The American papern state. that General Tora Thurnb is married, and that in a Cincinnati Court the other day he stated his age to be 19.
THE CORAX CoUNTRIES OF BUROFPM - TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. | Sir,-Since the date of my last letter I have gone nearly 400 miles fu.rther through the cenit:e o£ Europe, passing thlrough various regions of cultivation, which seem to be governed more by-elevation. than latitude. Thus in the beautiful vicinity-of Dresiden ITdian corn is ripening on the plain, and vinesalong the slopes,'while two degrees further south; in the late and poor country between Prague and Brunn, you mniht fancy yourself at this moment travelling in the Mighlands, looking at the herds mowing their first crop of late meadow hay, and the bare-focted lassies tedding it out. WVhen 1runn is reached we are back again at the Indian corn; and all along the bare plain, stretching some S0 or 90 miles to Prezburg, the corn harvest -has been so long secured that the people have almost forgotten it. So quickdy irn these railway times does a malt pass from one scene of busy activity to another,-ia the motnhe finding the German bauer trotting along the stubbles with his light waggon-load of corm; at midday passing the BohemLan shepherd at his hay harvest, and with his patches of oats hardly yet ripe; and in the evening- buying rif-e grapes at the caTiage window from s little Austrian maidenaat Id. a bunch. The ride from Dresden to Aussig, on the wav to Prague, though nowise agrietitural, must not bM pane- Vithout notice. There is nothing on the hiJne to equal it in picturesque beauty, except the river itself, whose great and ever-flowing volume of water is far grander than the Elbe. But on ell other points give me the Saxon Switzerland rather than the Drachenfedls. The rocky cliffs on either side rise to a heightof 200 to 300 feet, many ofthem quite perpendicular, and every patch of earth and crevice is clothed with wood, thus maling a living cover to their summits. Here and there a rocky -prominencejuts boldly out, riing sheer up from the water'c edge like a lofty keep. The river runs smoothly along below, and now and then the loveliest glens debouch upon it on either side, with little villages lying quite in their bosoms. A church, monastery, ornoble's schloss oeccuies themostconspicuous points, and-the strip of green land along the margin of the river, from -which the fresh mown hay has just been cleared, bears plum trees loaded witlh ripe fruit. Now we pass a steamer slowly toeling up against the stream, and soon meet another coming down swiftly vwith it. Great rafts of wood are floating down from the distant mountain sides nearer its source, and steam sawmills with wharves are conveniently placed for cotrerting the wood before starting it on its voyage to the sea. Here the mast which may yet bear the sail of some "tall ammiral" is first launched on the water, and the tree which has been lately felled in that secluded Bohemian glen may in a few months become the roof-tree of an English homestead. Haymakers are taking their siesta beneath the shade on that green meadow which looks so fresh between the sparkling river and the frowning but leafy cliffs, while the ferryman with his little boat below us, pushing across the stream, seems to linlcitogether the life on either side of it. The strata of the rock lie so completely horizontal that it in many placesresembles the most perfect ashlar work, and the, stone is here hewn and shipped in barges down the river to be used in building at Dresden. For some 50 miles after leaving this charming scene we are carried swiftly through a rich, level country to Prague, abounding with orchards of ripe plums, and from which, judging by the stubble, heavy crops of corn appear to have been carried. The next 150 miles from Prague to Brunn, tne Leeds of Austria, is very uninteresting-a cold, bleak, late cotmtry, where the oats are barely ripe, and the meadow hay not all cut. Here, and to the south of Brunn, the women handle the sythe like men, and trains of them may be seen at the railway works, following each other with wheelbarrows along the plank like navvies. South of Brunn the country altogether changes. Indian corn is found in plenty, and the universal potato. It seems to grow in every climate, and, spite of the political economists, to take root and prosper. The general harvest is long over, and the land is too dry for making a favourable preparation for wheat sowing. - The 8th of September, the Nativity of the Virgin, is the fixed day for beginning, and after that all haste is made to get it in, so that it may be up and green before the end of October, when the weather breaks, and the ground gets its first covering of snow. Near Vienna the long drought is said to have injured the produce of the harvest, and in Austrian Galicia we learnt that the wheat had been a bulky but not very productive crop. With reference to Galicia, one result of the Paris agricultural competition was mentioned to me which was interesting. A Galician noble took to the exhibition a splendid mast as a specimen of his forest produce. This attracted the notice of an Englishman, who visited the Count's estate, and has now entered int4 a contract with him for the disposal of aU his wood. The Count will thus turn to very great pecuniary advantage a source of wealth which he possessed, but which was altogether valueless till the Paris show brought it before the notice of the public. Soon after entering Hungary we reach Presburg, once the capital of the country and the seat of the Diet. It is - a fine town on the Danube, with good streets and shops and some handsome public buildings. The view from the hill on which the ruins of the old Palace stand is extremely fine, stretching wide over the great Hungarian plain, thr6agh which the mighty river winds its sinuous arms as far as the eye can reach. It was market-day in Presburg, and the public streets and market-places were crowded with the country people and their waggons. Several thousand people were there, the women selling fruit and vegetables by retail, the men disposing of the more weighty produce wholesale. The light waggons, with their pair of lean but active horses or large white oxen, stand in close column all day along the streets, till their owners have finish,ed their market. The men are a fine, intelligentlooking race, dressed in loose blue cloth jackets and long leather boots, and with low-crowned broad beaver hats. The women are much better looking than the Germans, and very active and clever at their bargains. They have stands of peaches, grapes, plumns, and pears, while in the street are piled little mounds of melons at about GdL each, and cucumbers at ld. Potatoes, which are of various sixes-some very large-Fre sold according to size, and by retail, at seven to nine for a penny, and by the sack at the rate of 40s. to 503. the ton. Mutton seUs at 5d. a pound, and the finest wheat flour at 50s. the sack of about 2001b. The crop has not been more than an average, and the price continues very firm. The English prieps at present do not admit of any business bring done in the wheat of this country -for export to England, and the present demand in the country takes up the whole sHupDly. I have been often strok, while tra-velling on - the continent, with the absurdity of foreig&ners ascribing a pre-eminence in appetite to John Bull. - Nothing can bemoreuntrue. In France, Germany,andnow even in remote Hungary, dinner seems the great occupation of the day. The nimber of 'dishes, and the quantity of solid, substantial food gobbled up by a thin, pale-faced, moustached foreigner, fill an Englishman with amazement; and doubtless- this universal taste for good things has caused the abundance and excellence of the dinners -which one meets with everywhere. At Presburg, yesterday, we had soup, caviare which would have gladdened the heart of an alderman, steweed beef with - maccaroni, dressed fowl with rice, dressed fish with |potatoes, game with Xcompot of preserved fruits, and a souffl; ad all this, with a half-bottle of excellent Hungarian wine, cost but 4s. And as for hatels, London hnas long beenI complained of; bult it will be heard with some smTrise that there is not a hotel in Trafalgar-square which can in any respect for a moment bear comparison with either of the three principal'hotels in Peath, the capital of Hungary. The passport system in Austria certainly gives great trouble, and must occasion much expense to the Government. But the officials are extremely polite, and their revenue officers at the frontier at once passed the luggage without inspection, on re- ceiving an answer to their inquiry that there was nothing contraband in it. But I owe to the system the opportunity of spending a day in Presburg, for. on our arrival my pOasport was taken by- the police 'with apromisea _hatit should be returned next morn- ing. The hou.e-porter was sent for-it, but it had never reached the police-office, ailmao one knew anything of it. I could not mov-withi6iit:iti -aindI saw the steamer startforPesth'withfeelinfs anything b Ft amiable towards a Goverenj ,hose syst9m reqiircd such vigile, and yet admitted of such blunders. The Pass-office, while we were there, was crowded with people of all rank getting passes; without which no one can move from one town to another. They seemed all to take it g6od-huniotredly, aindno doubt, like the eels, the habit becomea easy when. one is used. to it. The advantages of the system, as pointed out by our friend the. Lieutenant are these :-"In England," he said, "the greatestb malefactor may settle in a neig,hbourhood if he pleases ; here he cannot. In England- you' try to catch the thief after he has committed the theft; here we keep our eye upon him, and give him no pla3e Of rest. MIoreover, we know the history of every individual, and if 'he resides for ten years in the same place we attest him as entitled to assistance should he becinne Aatitute." There is not much in this to compens Ae a, quiet citizen for the constant surveillance undcr which he is placed by the system. In the e._ning - we erossed the Danube to the piiblio gardens to see a Hungarian play in an open-air Theatre. The house was divided into 'boxes, gallery, and arena. - The fumes of tobaccosmoke filledtheair; taIltreesshut us inon everyside. The stage was at one end, and very capacious. The acting, whichwas in Hungarian, was energetic, and pict-uresqne, and seemed to give general satisfaction.I 3ut open-air theatres have their disadvantages, for towards the conclusion of the piece, just as the lovers had reconciled the time-honoured obdulracy of parents and all was ending happily, the sky became suddenly overcast, one 'or two threatening sounds like distant thunder arrested attention, thee men, after an anxious look upwards, suddenly I buttoned up thenr coats, the ladies hurriedly ifastened their shawls, and an instant fliht was made from the theatre towards the bridge. By this time the squall was on. The storm crashed through the air like claps of thunder, tearing up the dust in *clouds. The open windows of thc houses were broken and the glass shivered in all directions. People ran headlong against each other, as it was impossible to keep either eyes or mouth open for the blinding sanld. The wind was hot, the air dark, and the strcet lamps, when one could. get a glimnpse of them, looked red, like the sun breakng through a thick mist. For 20 mninutes the tornado was terrific, but it then seemed to have spent itself, for, excepting a heavy shower of rain, the night became afterwards clear and calm. I am, Sir, yours, &C., T C. Presburg, Hungary, Sept. 2.
THE CORN !ADE. COIXZiHAXGE, WED.2zSDAY. SEPT. 10. There has been no great variation in the state of the grain trade, but themarket for wheat isheavy, at prerious quotationLs. The prico for barley is maintained; while for oats there bas been a better de- . mand, at extreme rate ARtRIVAL& bIonr, English, 310 saeks; foreign, 1,210 barrelis HULL, Sr.rr. 9. Theweather this wek has generally been favou-able for harvest operations, anda great breadthof wheatinfact, nearly aU thowhito corn-has been secured in good condBt.n. The thrashingn machinc is already actively at work, and tho growers make little complaint of doficiency in the yield. There basbeen a great depression in the trade since last market the decline on new wheat being 10s to lts. per quarter. Foreign has beon almost un:aleable; except at such ratee as holders refused to accept, Arrivals of wheat and barley have been fair, but only moderate of other grain. At to-day's market there was a fair sbow of new wheat, hlntvery ttle of old. At the opening sales were madeatadecijne of 63. to s. pe r quarter but the market subsequently improved, and closed at atout 3s. to 7s nader last week's currencies Foreign was rath"r mora inqnhred for, and held at high rates. Fine St. Petersburg Saxonks moved off freely at 60s. Barley met a slow sale at rather lower prices. Beans,ls. higher. Oatsivere carce andinrequestatfuoylatemrate I3nseed cakes in improved demand, at 2s. 6d, per ton derer. T'ho followmg pnriceswerequoted to-day:-Wheat, Englsh rel, 63s, tol70a white. 6Oasto 74R,; lgorgsberg and Dantsie, 7s. to 7Pa; Peomeranian and Efamburg, 6s. to 73as; Holstein. Friesland. and Danish, 60. to 5s.; Russianamd Odesa 5 to e2a Eglsh oats 3Oa to a3as. Danish, 2fs. to s. FriusLand, 2. to 31s; Bussia. 27s. to29s. malting barley, 46s. to5Sa.; 0gr4nkdinggbr'3leyi'86a,* 4os Englls, Beans fies and East Indmia linsed Ifs. {o s.' . St, Petersburg, 45s. to lOs.; Bigs and Archangel, 4?s. to 56sa.; Henigsiaerg and Hemel, 40s, to 46s. rape cake, LOlO1s.; linseed cakes, ;3910s.; foreign, £S3to £3, Indian eont,36a,;Dan,3ISs.:flour, 3ia. to 35e, per barrel; guano, j$Oto Lilife,; henes,;C5 2 to£5 7s. 6d. DUBLI2h, BswPr. 9. We have no alteration to repert in the prices of old grain, 2New Friday.Olf eats thnle m0idmdling qua,li°tieds were 3d, to6del dearer. PRap seed, Is. lower. The transactions in Indian cola were of the most retail character, and aota roduclien of la. per Quarter..
THE BAEERS. TO THE EDITOPR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Your acnmowledged willingness to draw public attention to all reasonable complaintsemboldensme to address you respecting the unjustifiable price at which the bakers keep the loaf. According to the fall in the corn-market since the commencement of an abundant harvest, I think the public are paying at least I ,d. a-loaf more than would leave the baker a reasonable ir6iit. 'DA MDVt & I -- ' Brewer-street, Somers-town, St. Pancras.
THE ROYAL BRITISH BANK. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIME S. Sir,-We feel it incumbent upon.us, as two of the memhers of the first or City.Committee of Depositors, appointed in the bank and as the gentlemen introducing to the public meeting held at St. Martin's-hall last Friday the suggestion or pronosition of paying the creditors of such bank by aincends of 6s. in the pound each, at stated periods, to at once apprise the depositors and customers generally that. such proposition the directors now repudiate and decline to carry out, sheltering themselves under the quibble, that,-1. The propoitien was only a suggestion. 2. The suggestion was made to them by the depositors; and 3. Although adopted by them, was only adoted provided every depositor agnreed to it; and that now they do not see any reasonable hope beyond the Court of Chancery. Why these very careful, plain-dealing, straightforwvard, matterof-fact, honest gentlemen should have so suddenly ceased to hope of a settlement without the intervention of the law is a mystery which will require the moet rgid scrutny and investigation, as it is a singmular and grave fact that on the Friday, when this committee was sitting nearly the entire da!y with a view to a proposition, tihe anxiety and desire evinced by the directors w as to pay oll claims amicably and speedily; while now, on the contrary, they tell us, with that graceful coolness which sets so easily if net becomingly upon them, we bad better induce our friends to ceme in and prove under the Winding-np Act. However, the consideration of this conduct we leave to their creditors at the next meeting. All we crave your indulgence for are the foHlowing facts:- L It was suggested on Thursday last that six months' time should be g ven, provided they felt that would relieve them, and enable them to carry out their plans. A document to that effect was drawn up in the secretary's (Mx. Paddison's) room, and the directors considered and approved the same; it being at the same time submitted to numerous shareholders in the bank, who entirely concurred, and expressed their willingness to pay up upon their shares in furtherance of it, when called upon to do so. The depositors then at the doers were- invited to step in, and it was submitted to them, but they declined entering upon it then, appointin e> a cemmaittee of five to act in concert with the directors endt to wateh the affairs of the bank. 2. The committee sat on Friday at the banlr, and having had notice that a large meeting had been convened for that evening at St. Martin's-hall, were desirous to go to such meeting with something in their hands; and in order to be enabled to do so, applied by letter to the directors and shareholders, then in niLeting assembled in an adjoining room, urgng upon them the advisability of making some tangible proposition, upon which Mr. Sheridan was invited to attend the shareholders and directors; a statement of assets and liabilities wras t,hn handed to him in confidence, and he was requested to attend on behalf of the shareholders and directors at the meeting to be held that'night, and make the best terms he could- The committee, however, nob being eatisfied with this vague authority, reouestedMr. Sheridan and Mr. Riichardsonto wait again upon the directors for something more definite, which they did, and were met by several of the directors; who, after a lengthy discussion, agreed to their submitting to the meetinto be held that night the following terms, as a basis to worn upon-viz., 5s. in the pound in one month, 5s. in the pound in threo months, 5s. in the pound in sis months, and 5is. in the poutnd in nine months, andwhich were the groundsunpon whish the su3ggestion was submitted to the meeting; such being now entirely abandoned by the directors, and the p~rospect of the Court of Chancery bald out in lieu thereof. - We have t;he hononr to} reieav inR;,r- N JOHN SHERIDAN. 4. Chathali 1^ zlA. W. RICHARDSON, Union-cot Old Broad street, citz.
CRIMINALP ROSECUTIONS. -II TO THE EDITOR OF TRE TnMES. Sir,-The envy of the ''Yorkhire Attomeai may well extend from Devon to Corawail. - e I prosecuted a man at the Cornwall sessions for a very serious felony. I made out a statement of three sheets as my brief, with three or four sheets more of evidence. M bnref was delivered to an advoate, to whom Ipaid a .guinea. - Te magistrates allowed me one guinea for n Iadvocate' fee only; so that wbile my YorlksEbre brother woula cleasr 8g., and my Devonshire brother. one guinma, I atually got nothing for my trouble. - The proseeWeor, too, a most respetable tradesman, was bunId over to prosecute and to give evidence. Me' left his home on Monday night and returned home on Thursay morning. He of necessity lived at an xnn the-whole time he was absent. and backwrd and forvward he travelled 50 miles, and to cover all these exmenses he was allowed by the Cornish magisttes the magniscent sum of on;e sovereirn. 'Asthiaisthewaycrimo is prosecutid'inthis counn, is it any wonder that the Cornish:jurymenretuan strange verdict . - - I Y. . - J A CORNIH ATTORNEY. Sept. 8.
EARZY CLOSING ASSOCIATION, 4last 'night the 15th autumtnal meetinz of ths- scito icthis sociaion. I as held at Exeter-hall; hlr. Samuel M~orley in the chair. I The meeting was called for half-post 8 o'clock, but long bce-; fbre that hour arrived the room was filled by a respectable audience.X - The Cru7Ais , in opemng the proceedings, said it was impossible that he could and anything to the weight and .mrortance of the argumentsj advanced in favour of ths I early-closingl movement-arguments -whida he had never heard answered, simply because they were un- I answerable. It was, however, to hin gratifying to giva his testimony not only to the reasonableness of fhe movement, but also to this fact, that the adoption of it as far as it had gone had proved advintageous to all parties interested in it. Here he felt himself bound to express his learty apyrobation of the proceedings of the committee and of Mr. Uwall, their excellent secreta. Considering the kind of antagonism with which they had -to contend he -was h-ound to confess that the Drastical- wisdom of those gentlemen was such as not only commnanded his heartiest adimiration, 'but called on him for any servicehe couldrenderto strengthentheirhands for tho work they had to do.. The success of that work was by no se oais a young man's question, as the employers, equally with the employed, were interested in its right solution. In proof ofltn he would mention thathe .once knew a dity tradesman who had a house near town for his family, but vho never saw his children except when they were ssleep, anless it was on a Sanday. He regretted that the idea of profit had been too much. mixed up with the consideratiou of the subject. The question was ,ather a moral one. They had to consider that thev were dealing with those vho had minds as -well as bodies: The fact was that at the present time they were all living too fast, domig as much now in one hour as thoy used formerly to do in two; and it was his opinion that it was tho interest of every one to lessen the prevailing intensity of labour. They would be sure to succeed in that, because there was a public oinion in England, byappealing towhich every right clain was sure of triumph. He was glad to hear from. M. lUwall that a ladies' committee -ws3 about to be formea, in connexion with the association for helping them in puttingan end to late shopping, ana he hoped that -those who had to address the meeting would suggest to them something that was of a practisal character. In conclusion, he hoped that the young men who were ben.i6tad by the success of the movement would make a proper use of the leisure whichit afforded them, asontheir doing so the furtherance of that success was mainly dependent. *lMr. LILWALL then read the report, whicth stated that the labours of the committee for the past year had been of a fourfold character, to seenre the early closing of the retail shops, the amelioration'o hthe condition of the milliners of the metropolis, the early rayment of wages, and tha adoption of a half-holyday onSaturday. All these branches of the common movement were gaining increased popularity, not only among emiloyers but the public generally. The conduct of theLram'beth Vestry, in resolving to pay their -eraployps in time to give them the command of the market was an instance of this. During the course of the past year 15 meetings had been held in the metropolis in favour of the movement; the committee, too, had published several tracts, of one of which they had circulated 80,000 copies, posted several thousand placards, and published three pamphlets. The cause of the association, too, had been ably advocated from the pulp it. On one Sunday as many as 41 sermons had been preached in aid of it, and in the course of two months as manv as 80. At Manchester the emloyers themselves had originated a haif-holyday on Sa ay-amovement whichwas maling great way inthat district. In beginning the campaignforthe coming winter the great object of the association was to obtain the co-operatin of efficient district committees. It was their intention, too, to form a ladies' committee, from w hich they expected great assistance They had tried to induce the Crysl Palace Company to make Saturday a shillng day, but, altough they had not succeeded to the full they had yet been fortunate enough to get the company to grant them that favour for Saturday, the 20th instant, and that the associaton was to have a share of the receipts of that day. M. J. CooDERoy then moved, and the Rev. Mr. KirrTo scconded, the following resolution, which was unanimously adopted:- That the 3nceting rejoiced at the goeat advance which - had taken place within the last 12 months in the general earlier closing cause, but regretted that in the particular case of retail shoas, where improvement was most needed, progress during that period had been less marked." The meeting was also addressed by Mr. Harvey, who said that both his -wholesale and retail business had increased since they commenced closing their establishment at 5 'clockeveryeveningthe wholeyea.r round. The adoption,too, of the system had proved most conducive to the health of all persons in tao management of his business, and his experience was that the young men made a proper use of the leisure afforded them. Mla Tiddy, Mr. H Cooke, and Mr. Keeling also addressed the meeting to the same effect, when the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman.
BABBARISMf IN SCOTLAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MIES. Sir,-On reeently visiting Iona, I was much surprised by the disgraceful manner in which- tourists in general treatthe carvings and insciptions stMilemaining on the tombstones of the kinga aud others interred there. At this season of the yeir 50 visitors on a low average are landed on ther island- thrice -a-week from the-Oban steamer. On thQ occasion of my pilgrinago more than 100 disembarkled. We were shown over the tombs and throgh the rain by a guide, round whom'the whole compayc,losterdd. The tombstones are on a level with to sward, nind while he is endeavouring to explain the half obitea ted inscrition andfigureson -one tombstone tboset in th&ncighbdsihoo areimg subjected t6 tAe iinfurenie6cl ozens of hobnailed donble-zoledtusa'host is urinecossary for metosyit ha fec.~ The last resting.slace of t,hefamilies of almost every traeresman ao in ome newe rs o protectiotn of some kidnd. Why arlhomsoings sai:nts, and demad teirpreervaion an, snce theniquriton A low simple iron rail round each tomb or set of tombs, as the. ase might be, would provo quite suffident for the Iplurose. I Yours &C.. A PR.FDTTRTAV Edinburgh, Sept. S.
.THE PABAGBAPHI3BrLE. TO THE EDITO]rOF TIFE TIM.ES - SirZTh sobject of Bible revision is at present occnpying the public mind, and will probably continueto occupy it for some time to come.- ~ The Paragraph Bible issued by the Religious Trst Society has mec with universal apr,obation. This encouraged the committee to issue an." iannotated" editionu in. which the text is printed in paragraphs and not in chapterzs while the notes contain the translations approved bythe greatestnumberof the beet scholars,s ndthe most robable meaning of obscure pa.-ages in the fewest possible words. Such a Bible avoids the offence,'and at the same time fur. nishes the benefits, of a neiw translation, with the addition of a practical mCitical commentary. The Nsev Testament is not as ye published, 1ad, as the' work demands no ordinary care, some time my elapso before? its completion. ' . , -, Mfeanwhile, I take the liberty of sending you a copy 'of Ute Old Teataunent7. in the hope tbaic you may not oonsides gunwvorthy of areview in your colun,-which; have bees| opened to letters on the general question.' -- I-hiv the hou6urto be.Sir. oulrfalthfilservant. - i : - {'i;f4)RlDP. J.PT9TT8.bAV SeMetao Mcebgious Trset Society 56 Pit&nosIiro' . - Sept. 10. i
THE PEAczEs £TABLrTHzME : * (From U7e Giba . .O . , 1The formal inauguration of our . new peace establishnent will take plxce on the.1st of October, the commenicemmt of the financial half.year,being selected as the period for xe-i ducing the war strength of regiments recently " I . i the Crimea. The arrangements hsve not as jeme I cormIeted. as regards all ranks of the service, but they have reac ed a point which enables us to indicate to the public some of the features by. which the new system we hoge, be advantageously distinguished. : - *Shortly after the commencement of the Crimean War it was found necessary to raise the strength of each regiment of infantry in the fielda to OS officers, a roportionate number of non-commissioned officers, aud 2,000 rank and file; which, making due calculation for depots and reserves, it was conceived, would ensble us to -keeg in the field eight strong companies of 125 men each, or a ut 1,20D in all, as an effective battalion in the Crimea, As a general rule, that strength was in reality scarcely ever reached. - The Connaught Rangers, we believe, at one time were nearly 3,000 strong, in conseouence of the preference given to them by thelrish militia. who volunteered; but, with the exception of this favourite corp3 and some two or three others, the prescribed strength was in no instance attawned. At present tho average strength of the Crimean corps is probably between 1,500 and 1,600 men. On the Ist of 'October each of those battalions, 49 in -number, *ill be stduced. in round numbers to 1,100 men of all anks below that of commisioned. officers. A cirular which has just appea;red regulates the' manner of the reduction, from. which it wiib-e seen that no I good. soldier will be lost to the country until all men below I the old standard height of 5 feet 0, all men physically un-! fitted for service, or whose constitutions are likely to render them hereafter ineffective, and all men of incorrigibly bad character, are got rid of. As the regiment wil thns have something like 500 of the least eligible of its men to put aside, we may consider each of the Crimean regiments as starting on its new establishment with about' 1,100 pi&ked men.: To the 49 battalons comprised in this cate"ory are to be added 33 who were not in the Crimea. us, exclusive of the corps on the EastIndian establishment, our infantry force at home and in the colonies will'consist of 2 battalions of about 1,100 meneach, and one (the 12th Regiment), which wll forthe present remain as a reserve battalion regiment, of 1,200rasnk and file. With'the exception nf six regiments on foreign service, each of those wilebe divided into service and depot companies. The service companieg will be kept at a strength of eight companics, or S00 rank and file exclusive of non-com. m3issioned officers, with which all the field officers are to be presentas B generalrule. Theywillform part of brigades mad do.s, as much together as practicable, and the office of t'is-the divisional part of the army, as we may call it-- wi be to discharge the duties of an army in the field,'commanded and supervisedby'thegeneral officers, to whose calfe it would be intrusted if it were sent against an enemy. Div:sional and brigade movements, attck and defence of forEfications, operations in conjunetion with artillery and cavalry- will be gone through by them during the greater part of the year. This, indeed, has alreadv coDmmencedatAldershott, and if any one wishes to see a very real-looldng bit of warfare, every element of a battle-except the enemy-is to be witnessed there on Tnesday and Fr!day afternoons, when the Guards, Rillec, and most famous regiments of the iT,ht Division march out of camp and violently engage each other for some three or four hours. Combined with the instraction in the use of the new rifle, it wil thus be seen that the divisional portion of the army will receive a training not dreamed of in former days. Under this new system, should it be required to despatch an army in a few hours from our shores, it will be only necessary to order, we wil say, General Knolly's division, or General Spencer's brigade, from Aldershott, and there isthe division ready to embark with all its staff and regimental officers, artilleTy, and land t*ausport, acustomed to work together, and as efficient as anything short of actual warfare can make them. The old regimental system vwill be preserved at the depSts, of which there will be 77 in all, grouped into 24 battalions, each comprising from three to six aep6ts, as barrack accomnodation may suit. The regimental depot wil be composed of four companies of 50 men, or about 200 in all; and its mission wil be to recruit and train men for the service companies, so as to keep tuem at their ful stre,gth and efficiency. s these depots being under experienced field of ficers, specially chosen for the purpose, it is hoped that each draught of men sent to the service comanmies will arrive thoroughly eff'ective regimental soldieri, as fit for service, in fact, as were our regimnents of the line before the The Land Transp,ort Corps is to be entirely reorganised, and w,ill assume the title of the Militaryllrain,being divided into bodies, proportionled to the strength of the regiments, brigades, and divisions to which it will be attached. We cannot say that the Land TransIort Corps in the Crimea was entirely successful; but it must have been no easy task to instruct men whose previous habits did not tend to fit them for its peculiar duties. We are constrained to add that the benefits of promotion from the ranks were not favourably illustrated in the corps. This department will therefore be completely and carefully reorganized, and the public must wait with some patience for the development of the improvements which are about to be made. Upon this subject, however, as well as upon other interesting points, such as the manner in which the officers are to be reduced, and the fature establishment of the cavalry, we shall soon have some information to convey. Asregards theofficers,we mayat once state that it is our impression therowillbe fewv, if any, of them anemployed before a year from the period of the reduction shalt have elapsed.
OAKS COZLIER?. TO THE EDITOR OP TE TIMES. Sir,-As the engineer of this colliery, I shall feel much obliged if you wil contradict st statement that has recently appeared inyonr paper, that a chan6e has taken plae in tine man7agement, by appointing a person over the underviewrer, Mr. hiinto. Tke plts are now in full work, with tho old hands, and no chan7ge whatever has been made, or is intended to bo made, in the system of management. I am, Sir. s'onr most obedient servant. JOfN BROWN. Barsley, Sept, 9.
IIZAh ty E curOx Nx PAsus.-Sureau, the soldier of the o1st IRegiment who was recently condemned to death by a court-martial, for the murder and robbery of an old woman named Gauthier, on the 29th of May last, was executed on Monday. At 4 o'clock- in the maorning a pDriest went to his cell in the ninfitary prison, Rue du Cherche-Md and awoke him. Sureau jumped instantly from hiss bed, and on being told that his latday had arrived he broke out into imurecations against certi-n persons for not having---as he alleged they might hIave dons-pro. cured him a comnmutatilon of punishment ; but after a while he, on the exhortations ofIthe chaplain, became calmer, confessd to him, andl ex presszed regret for his crime. He then 'wrote this letter to hins mother :-"I Paris, Sept. 5, 6 o'clockin the morning. My dear mnother,-1 write to you at the momenLt at which Ilam aboutt to be executed for the crime I have committed. I greatly regret not having seen you. I pardon those who have abandoned me. i have not time to symore; they are 'waiting for me to do the job! Adieu, my dear mother. Your son, IL. F. SuRIA'u." The man was then taken to the chapel, whele mass wa said. When it was over he said to the prisoners present, IIMy friends, avoid brandy and bad women! It was -when 3n. toxicatedv ith brandy thatleIcomnmittedm ny crime! Adieu! I am about to expiate my faulb I" He aftewards edpressed a desire to have something to eat, and a breakfast was vde him,la; osqfflwhich hophartook eacbheartily.- He was thnd o nvseyged, a tceOllular van tho Vincen,z and on his wayepas before to-tShe°ahousCve in whichhis crime was commiterthed cellor f aewertan6000solditLers of the garrisons granceu rnd to witness the execution, an Prun, Bavarian, and Belgian officers -were prsnt1 h top were drawn up an a vast square, so that ec a e -clearly all that took lace, and four soldliers, four corporals, an forcg ansal the-oldest of, their grade, were formed intoa pltoonto hoot the criminal. Several officers, depue y the co .artl,~J arrivedl shortly before the priso ,adwer receive~dby a olo h rm.Shorl aerthe clula va as seen at the extremity of the ground, andl it caused a.thril of emotion to run throtNe .1l sue ranIs. It advanced slowly-so very slowly that it was iully 10 minutes in reaching the platoon. Eight o'clock having been fixed for the execution, the van was not opened untl that hour boomed forth from the clock of the old fortress. Sureau then descendedl -with a finn st-op, but when he saw the platoon of old soldiers, looking sten and terrible he seemedI strickent with stupefaction. Wbent he had somewhat recovered, vg1hich hie did- inT a few mnoments, a gendarme offired him a- pookethandkerchief to bandage his eye.% hut he twice refused -it He then, addressing, the platoon, reuested them to tel their comrades to ceep from drnk and bad women. -Afterw4dstakdngoff h sjacLet, heiaid,. "Ih&vevbeen a soldier, like you, and am so still -Take a good aim at me -do riot tremble!" And, putting bis -hand on bis breast, he said, ' iroe hereo do not miss me"'" He was then placed onthe spct indicated for bim, -and the judgment conderming him was read- aloud. As this was done he knelt, and the priest with him. 'When the reading of the judgment was concludedl ne -of tke officers deputed by the ceurt.nmartialcriea, "The judLmentmiustnowbe 3executed!'I The priest, therefore, kIssed.the criminal on theforehead and retired, and the mnan exclaimed, in afirmvocee "Aim well! Dlonot miss me! anid take -cae :not to hit my head PI at the same time foldin his arms on his breat. An ad'utant who was ina comman of -theplatoon then siotr his hn together, and imnmediately the 12 muskets of the men 'were levelled at the criminal. There- was a moment's pause. The offlcer again clapped his hands, and at the same instant eot was heard, and the mam fell, pirercd with 12 bals. was taken for granted that be was illed, hut the sureons on going up to him found thzt he was still alive, his me being agitted bv spasmodic movements, and hiseyes beingwideopeland startmgfrom their sockets. A sergeant who had been placed in reserve with a loaded Inusket was accordingly- ummoned, and he -gave the man the coup de grace by discharging the musket in his ear. The tops then fled off slowly before the body', wrhich wr s left lying an the ground. The Mayor of-Vlncennes afterwards drew up a rminute o£ the man having-been executed in his Comun- ndth boy ascoveedin an Dartilery- WIr,ONDO Crrau.xs.-Her i'Majesty's Comm ioners have made grants towards the following new churches which are in couse of erectioh :-St. p] urs Arlington-s whichthe Rav. X. Sutherld ha Vpomte fincumbent; -St, -Paul's, Lorrimore-roed, of wbich thxe Rtev. T. NKitchell will be incumbent; St. I ke', King's. era,of which the Rer. H. C. -Radcy epln-tlb "ueof Marlborough, ham ab edicmbtn t YMathew's, Oaae- ~,ir'T ofa Ea.C Til will~ beineumubet; tPaul's, in the pa-iah of I.iM&Olaom. 'In rAditie to these zranpemwts ha',. beem cmipe o
,,.,,,,,., S 'YAU Y. 7neery, Wita, -ear the Station. WA. ; rOAKL Y bee to announce that this ZSTAEF; comprising the mansion and .T4 -as in StI,D.by nrvte contct. 8, Regnt-street. *-WeetiEeco.-Lico.-le- aehotd lResidenco, with possesoron, R;t. 1T --A. OAKLEY begs to announce to te n-sapplicants thatthis desirableLEASEHOLD PROlthlomprisinn tO, W awick-streee, Fimcliw. wasSOLDat the aucekMI-8. Berenegtreet. sTLXf-oreotable Bestdeoce,-Parm Roildints and IS acres Oflane - er the Box Statlon. and two miles rom Corihaem j !IE.RP y.- A. OAKLEY begs to announce that I L this IiD TESTATE, koLmasan Rudlow Farm, was NOTo hIJ at the nteticnt ar:d ma3y now be treated for b1 Private Con-tracaws applying aetr.'e sactc.neersoffices, 8, Begenet-2'tet. Frneehold Estte. mearNewport-Pagnell, Btcke. 51P. R'W A. OAKLEY be,s toannouncethat this vaJL uable FREEROLD ESTAS, moast desiably situate, a converient distanne from the WVolvertorn Station. and comprising the residene and 10U - is NOT SOLD, urd may be treatedior by Private Contract, The land is vry productive the countrypicturetque, a-dtthtehoase etads on a good elevntion-, -Xegest-eireet. RerIks.-Superler }iunting Besidence and 55 acrm. ' R. AV. A. OAKLEY begs to announce that tbig 1 valaiable REEHEOLD atd tithe-free ESTATll desirably eituate, o cormvenieat distance to a station on Great Westem Railway, and comn xrng a sa-reror nUting readence and 55 icres, is NOT SOLD, and xcaysULbetzeatedforby private contract.-Auction and landoffice3, Stegent,,trcstt Waterloo-place. - -E}3tate four mfes fromCaterbury. §j_j W. A. OAKLEY begs to announce that this FREEHOLD MMAT4 campreLng an excellent and sDplos family ridtnce and 160 acres, is OTO SO1LD. and ma7 otil 'e Treated for by Private Contra^t.-S. RegLnt-street, Waterloo-place. Near Wycombe and Maidenhead. R.1 BW. A. OAKILEY beoos to announce that this vai valuable FREEIIOLD ESiA'i3, compriingt hemaralo and -wa;,rds of 20 acres, is NOT EOLD, aend may be Treated for by Private *Cetr.st-8. Resent-street, Waterloo-place. ehccestershire.-The Norton El ld dickleton Btat thz Besidence, D3ea erounds. pln tations, tfrm-h o toTeb?dis-e ,nd about 357s. 2r. of arable, mesdow. antaadture lzd. most deairably situate, close to the C=mpden and Eloneybourne Stations seven -miles-from Evesbar, eight from Stratford-on-A-on, and 1 from CLeltenbarn and Learningon. W1j,'} . A. OAKLEY begs to announce that this AP M ETATE was NOT SOLD, at the Meat on Turedsy, Sept. 9, but nwill be happy to receive offers by Private Cntract.-8, Regentchtest. - I. - To Sciitors, Proprietors, endothers g-me -W8 A. OAKLEY he to announce that his 1-etAER byAlaOno b ded Ertates, 4e,,wMl t.ke latce at the AucUon 3artthe first wttk In Novemaber. Proprietary 3dvhin- their properties incudedin thAsclare respectfully requested to ZerD arpe ariseles as seen a so that doe pubimeat7 may tven.-"Anction and estate offics S,-Eegent-street, Waterloo-place. 1Ja've5ang Bovrer, near Romford.-Valabe as, Ash, ard EM Timber. 1--ESSES HEUl'?HREYS and WALLEX wi S SEL t by A-UCTION, on the Premise on Thsdy. 11t, Seteoaer, at it.tihe fallosing TtLRBEIt, felled ;list winter in thepark and eoods of HaTering Bower, where they now lie conveniently for criage, namely, 17 oaks, aF excelent growth and large dimensions, Ilat trees, at first-inte quality and unusuualy long andI well grown. 5 ehelnreeS. also of good quality end a quantity of fagots and op -rood. Toabeviewed one reek betore the saleonapplicationtothe 3aailvf on Ske p-eFst, catalogues to he had of him ; at the inns at RavTenig :aniRtomfrAi: nda of Meera. Humphraes and WaUen, 68, t Broad-ttreet,andRamfrdSed E 3ser, rwhoa wil forwrd catalogrespeat free, on application. re.-Valuble LiveandDead Farming Stoc Implemate , Izynacb. lwtrnd anuAEstates,Llats1I3ESSRS. HUMPHREYS and WALLEN (having sa mid the Estate) will SELL byAMJMTION. with the local erriXtsince of Mr. Williana Jones, at Brecon. an the Peemoces, oni Moodlas, 0:t: 3yuand two following days, at fl. purist-'2y the very valuable LIVE STOOK, se!en-ed end bred by CaTitain Fell, whoseo ehit and jn4ment are well known; comprisig 35 head of wbite-fared ereford ,cttle. including Deichess the dam of the celebrated bail, ir- David, severil ether valuable cows, heifers, and promising calves. a three-yeare d bal, azd a very tre ing ditto, out of the Duchess, fve dairy cows, itS pmor Leicester abeep, of the finest description as regardsfrm anod qnaliy of wool, includling l& very valuable rmin and 15 rm lambs. also10yG and p l met horses, two colts, 38 pigs: 'ito tne whoe o th caita imleerents. comprising twro waggons, five carlo, toe-arbo. sir Plough.s,atider, one- corn. seed, aLd manusr drill, fcaisrorsea thre-bing machine, twa winnowing machines, hamamking imasebines harness, dais utensil mn-toe --n excellent phuerVtoa; 1-r IS TO UlOtl'ofe brho gfmur-aire'&cc! TVoboevl e wedatbrss days b efo.re the oale. Catalogues will b ready in dnz time. and ma be had at the - Cast(leH otel Breaon; ArgeL Abis7 a.m HingsHaead. Newpoet: lrecjenMrez. Hereford; Rings Bead, lilocestec annd' White Lion, 33ristOl.-fls, Old Stand-street, london, selected Li_brary of ItO vols,. old China, 10 dozen Claxret a Talking Ttheat,-and MdacellianeOus Effects, MR. RtOBEROT REID Nwis SELat his Rooms Marlborough-Etree Mondy, Sepinember 15, at 1ilfo anarqOetr n eieo UReWM~ tales eonPrhcs, methoganl mahogan acts of dialog tables, walnth la i lald cabinstachmneasos rom ead tapest cn t jap,ani Anbinn-Frnh and fcoopoot bedsteads, ait hangnsan tr beddng,chesb^tso Idros-es, wadbs bhasi s;tands, dressing tables, amttcteWt-gae bed rom e aputeancs -k.,inthemlses freqaetey lBre IpTikr.Idecans, B_ ilders, d6ebPing-se-mclc.rrd Shipalders Co,aclfaes, on clabin Septma bers, b disf rtemakos, orabudes Br ^ t Z 7 b s: 56 w CIb' vf Jahn an Sm O^scers,-So' Fiel. d., XlnG-atr.eet, Borou*gh, wttia. iew mluuin' wlk ofthe ondonbrIde Terinus SAE of 631. weti-tesoned angdte of Latherlat c20 fai rentf, rho p d 6 w - zes am s h e e t ti1I- r;ered, CrLoenwdon .frt-rter tandNote ME.LOfli wllSELL bY AUOTIO1i, anth Pre-~r .i7&wa~~9e, an Mendoy at September by d recio 01o the Asrgnee of SanT. aine a bnkrut, hfaon Is,y rL AS fbou iQyseam letter posrerton, f allthose erten rive 9RMIES knownr an takig'd Arasr-ecnyin5 n im oportntan accuanat, Uadvnlegerap, ouitrnalto the ihihetreto thepoplou and ouihn s mve r settw boftCrey don. Ine eturn In radetor abodat nlf0s anum ie, at ebxcelln be otaindofMesrs.ayherst, Soryn, ain FanS. JO N O ifSL h abvepF o'I 'Wathsr oos 4, leeat-te on Adneday SeinmnbeI 17 01forLY L2 h itrsadfriuehv bte tAUenIuNdea exeCautiohfren Tiebet ndhtcope Ca ceroicealssorlen ofmen's women's, anc hlrnogod,o rnhan nls a settrs ad oe mnufcturers.Myb iwdtedypeiu n d caergoftaloge, and ctlgc o fteacine,13 le gaic-tireet. ~ ~ ~ ~ te proato o tf osmmmene-p~zo, nealy oppsite K toninban Chn cir.tthe salual Qilt 'aycre, any ranelegant bidaones ete nd Nhaote Piapor Trad Biturr, idndagtco-~m renhogia,ajonin h PA L th byACTO, nhePo to rcrisgto Z n-.7con-le for 2 yOdro ma arnt,-d Zan.rai n Bxomdriring CTyof aRO 'RSLFEur "a t-pars ater ath goodaU, mate:k U-uale,dl an fn Iens Nhad ledies, w orkbe WZo.trocconod Other bindinrgie&andtoete withthhetre im dator es, icm Sdtn t:O wo aceL-urrdcf=d couiimers, vitetnofrton cs-e10rr,O gleasats ~filcotab~ the hndsome mahogany obl plae-gr I t-u , ho. T be vieed. Ctaloges onthe pemier end trte aeine~.fc 1%zbi,n7, L-ffOrdlsbtre.-A hlgnlY Isleable Freehold ReAUte. situate n. the towrto=ra of Norbury. ts!,btlry. eiik ni.OBI,r *3R :NORTON, HOCGGA-RT. anisl TRIST iLLb irtcire in onsoffrfo S&iBatthe Mait.To morrow, Set-I 12. ar, 12 aL highly valuable FREEEHCMESTHAf tasteat iath ie towtyhiPs Of Xtrbbsr7. )Enlgbtiey, Plaa-dliek; and '0oe~all. fa. ISOeraiisha of Gmosall ma vyb,aaslfrct peatt of1 tknowlvt of Stafford. sben; threCe muile. fwaw Eectnbr.l. Jou,r feOrs NeW'Ortl nine teem Staitord. and about six fcor4 the aNc&a_blge Bt&on on ti`eMLeidrxa and liortLs-Wi*tenrs Riailwa it is also bounded ou On. Olda by the lvrpcol and ]innhm andlamtle Stafford and threwbury Raflvvay.-the stations ar Onoa,lsl be:aquea to the propert'y, and the tOadSaaTexcellen5, in aln (ireclio. 1a exee dingly v-aliAblepropaltY extends over, upwards of ;000 acre% of excellIent lat in wable, iuntloOw, and pazt~ beumtifie,y intertrrpaed wit-h tbyi i3Woods -nd plantations, adm`rably aidapted for- the rasvtico llam and there are a. var-ety of - w.'agnflcen t ies fruri the a on of aI flat-elasa residence, prtIUcularly to . at Prospect-Irill and 0a tt Portiou''of Lthe eState wires-alt isj fnterscte by the road whichL reafstrom Worbury to Staltoed. a firne elertdmspocomadingsome Of the noost extenvive; beautiful, anrd picturerdue armory Is the kingdon,, with thse Sdslvtra Wrakmn This, gnd WeLshpool in th a dlstarsre, &Ldvrjth anifficica,tquantityofIlan mmediotelyourroundia;iettoform an elegant. little =Thbeiarm;rooao aui fwrm b-uilding ease geumrally of a. very, an a ch *tr etaLl arranged for thirei sopective Occupations; tbe tedl is usotly of excellent qua!ity tire arable producing abundant crops oif corn sand roots. anid the m-dovxS OdoiirAtdiy -adapted for daiiy puarpoesr. It-be tenazn; are highly respectable. and Ithe present setole exccedingly-. modea-te, capable of being iuvw at 1eastfcom10Ool5Perr ent, Without injury to the occtiper),iandper-. lears there are few situations in England more -varetageousl' - rombinlo delightful reeldeutial ccu_satlon with a tboroughly late and rounad landedi inveatmeut. 'The tenuaat wre tnl yearly, and on a fair and Proper revision of their ococpatii.ns ther cain be nlo doubt that a renta of at least £2,500 pet annorn .may be obtnined, and that trithont, ea has been before ofb. sarved, any unfair trevtment of -the tenants. ie.B. This -satimated rental of £2,550 Per mannum Is entirely witaouit refernene to the advantages this estate so aingutlarL ypctfeerse in lies ery lovely1 and beautiful 6ies, for the erection of a rmieetce or its cress snorting Vnoymants. The manore or repualed maes-s of Worhury and PIardiaoi. and the perreiualadvowson and next tresentattorof the viomge of 1Norbur withaverycomfortalilevondence. gardens,grounds. andglaobeland, il also be iteluded in- the sale. May be viewed, and particulars baid of Mres,rx. W%hite, Broughtion, end While solicitors, Great Marlborough. tre-eel; of Mievar. Harveyond Axthu,;fL Wyat` land agebis. Actonbill, near Stallort; at the Swan,Ststtord ; Vietoria Hotel, N7ewport : :at the Mart; and of Me*ssr. 2Norton, Hoggart, and Trial, 62, Old l3ne'od-street, Royal Erebsane. * ~~~~~Reversionary Interesta. 3JESES NOTON IHOGGART, mad TRIST harSES rcle naOrucluto~ offer for SALEsIa thelMart, ToMorrTow. September 12. at 12, in two loin, the bloUwing valuable REVERSIONARY INTERESTS, viz.:-Lot L Tbe Intereat of w gentleman now aged 31, dating the life of his aunt, aged f5, in a share ofIonte moiety orf the rents, amonuting together zo 49.t0 per annom, arising from estates situato in -Norfolk and Lincoboshire. arid one muoiety of thre dividends on £tL191 I Ss. 3d. Consols. The thawa of the said gentleman-in the moiety of the Above' at pretent une-demth. and IThe Interest cf thme aiegentlemanIn the Lincolsohlre est,tes, the I rntlsanomtigt£t4 le,per annum, end in the aboenasanof £1L291 15s. Id. C-onsole. The expectant Interest herein is a2e-sixt, and, incare thereaid gentleman should die before bin aurst,-the rime thaise ill belong t-o t:,epurcharer. Thin interest Is subjctt to a,very remote contingeusyg whichaisabEen provide-dagais~t.by a poliey inthe Noasict- Uion ocity.andtsnoliy wlllbeinclrdedln thre sante, by which the interms will be rencarect certain, and free from any, contiatenor. Printed Particulars m-ay b-e had of G. B3arbmErs.eq., volicitor, 7,Sa-iodn; of R. H. NetttleshiP. Evq., Clifford's-inn; at theMVArt' sod of fde.rsr. Norton, Hoggart, and Trist, 62, Old t..d-street, Ro.yal Exchange. Stratbord-pl.cee:Om oa~rt-eot.-Exeeltnet Town or Professionni Rant- denre,with la-ge picture galery coach-boom, andI Etab)lng: tense- bold. erpetually renewable. MMOOK and GA-LSWORTHY will SEL.L by AUCTION. at the Hart, on Wedneeday, Ocatober 15. at.12, the a'ubsatntially-buill; BESIDENCEJO No. 2.0, btratford-ple, l)xfordstreet; containing, a large dining room and morning roomn, and spacious Picture gallery, on the ground floor ; two large large; drawing rooms and anite room on the first floor; two principal hdrooms and two diessing rooms en tho Eecend floor, antd five rooas above; corvenieLt domestic offices, together with coach-house, tambling,f&e,enteredfromi the mews-in the rea. The premises are ba'd for a. term of 61 years from-Chiristmas,- 2155 at Agriound rant of £M159lI. per annumstha lemlasein- vercsetuallyranavcnbleevery 14earsa ups-mont' a due of £s8 16s. Mray beoviewed, and psaiiUlars o of'Messrs. BUTgoyeas, Clark, and 3dilnes, solicitors, t1i0. Oxford-street- at the Idar ;, and of the auctioneerv, 28, Regent atteee, Waterio-lecel, Deligtfuol Freehold Residebce and Groen-Ads. Stoke NKesington` reen. CHRINNOCK and GALSWORTHY will SELL1 by AUCTIO N, at the Mart, ont Wednesday, Octeber 15. at :i2, the rebstantial and comtmodious FREEHOLD) RESIDENCEf occupying the corer of the Green-lane, on the West aide of 2Newlngton-green, with lawn in front. tenlesadhby iron gater andextensive garders con-, taming- aboattwo aeres, bonadedby the lane, to which it presents a. valuabeo frontage. The'hous contalns large dining room breakfast room, morningrGoom,elegantdrawing rom -fourprinripalis-edz aEcondary and acrvaaterooor, convenient domesticoffices; do.; Capili stabling. and numetrous out-buildings, gvreenhuse,, &o. These, preMiSes are let toe Alhebly respectable tenant on lease, of wbichi seven years are unesxured, at the very low rent of M0I tOpr annum. Cart only be viewed ' oremnsiston of the tenant. and partieulara had aLt the Most; of Mesars Chsrch and Son, aslicitors, 9, Bedfordl-row; and of itEatE. Chinnork and Galaorboty, aucoutioer and ueyv2,R. stent-street. Waterloo-place. evyrs 2 e Kent.-Brenchley anid Yalding.-Witb immediate possesson, valuable Freebold Model F5rM, of 541 acres with capital house and out-buidings andsthe adjoining comPact Farm of :Si acre, with conveniett homestead. (IHIN-NOCK aind GALSWORTHY wBil SELL by sJAVCTION, at the Vmat. on Wednesday, October Io.alilh TWOn hley,10 L mile from saiutei the Parishes of Folding and Branble, 1 mils fom arotone, and within one mrile of the Paddock-wood Statioaon theSouth-Es?. sumtAlt-Alwy. Lot1. The compact Model Yarns. oteied FowerI Hall Farm, containing 5-la. lr. Sp. of very anterior amable, imeadow., Orchard, and a large projportion of hop lanid, with acapital house and detached yards and out-buildings, hop oatal. &o.. The soil is of the most productive quality, in nearly all tile-dr,ined in the highest stale of cultivation, anrronnded by good roads, ara is Pleasingly thmabede. Lot 2.Thne adjoinjingE Late.akr-own as ihoaden Cas cnaiig S,2r.12Ip. of uperiorlanad.wlthaconveniantlamestead thereon. 'so-iumyb a meitl. Particularys, with Plans. may be obtained of 0. 1). Mordaunt, REsq., solicItor. 1, Warwick- tre,Golden-Equare; at the inns in the neIghbourhood; at thc Marend Of Messrs. Chinnock andi GAlseworthy, auctioneera and land atgants, Ill. Regent-street. Waterlou-place. Old Kent-road.-FPirst-cassSboi)~opertforlInvestment. WIF SSRS. RICE, BROTIHEMS, fir instructed to UXSELL by AUCTION at the hiatt. on Tuesday, Sept. 30, at. 12. tinlly built., and Adlvantageously aituate wLearthCal-rdebin Xos. S. 7. and 8, Wett'sttrrance, Old Kenit-rod Leupnlaet respOnsble tenants at rentals imountinj to£15pranmadlel forea termn of 50.yeprs unexpired, at a. ow grudrn.peetega most desimble and se-ureinvestment. ltlaybevedndpatcar had of Frederick Tritton, Esq e,ui-itor, 3, he rwa,nr,Suh wark;, it the Shard Axrns, OdKn-ed tteMs;ada Mo-mua ie, Br0thess' auction offilre, 263. uoc.Suh sk PersonalEffects of a decear,edlady, removed framSonthamnpton. M.ELLIS is direct-ad by, the Execsttorto SBLL by Aounto OetN, tlteSae Rofmoms,n IAucadenhale-noree7 On'hurlada Sepemberd.1,atwli- 12, s a few once ofSate PamTly pear omnerhlacel.wl-lut oi and Fapng,svea b ceere Mingol, geold eas, Cand sek. cains, ey-gasf aeoses, two thd B oldwdces. varlon Sabrins, bOckat Clock,pltehoods, a tnfd birds-&O, oa-ts of chins, abou tSvoe., oa hook, counatyle ofeKovuer, ering ppotosTet, and a fewm athceso roprnitsrre. the rooms JA Ba Tire offce of the a S-haner 10 Adnts cityr,o Countay,o SKeptemblier of imp2ortan ouclatDioneSle f4 Fehl an feaeold weing Houes,rabl Pirot-rateamlanCm rl Bete, wll-linte ornandPapr AMlls 3a8hus CoaStors, a teandesWharf;o Waehouss, situat Bondted Vihtene; thbep,with. Co13ach-oul,and, it d. n the Tborough of Dover, innthecomyfetite By mPrO OA Bx. TERONkt,M. Jatte3 S fhkepnre otl, I)er. enlia 1,ry unde3r. -Le H,aor.Lt W otsstlly h elt rehd suselll-uilt o T'enemaoldte,lthog-buvtardeuanfotndgroundi thnreAppurthnancesma tbeoanomtheeto bal uancn,stae in the re igh-ftteet lasxetheaiold of BuckPard,inh the Borough ofDorerai, in, the Ocupatioy of Kant. inlh occuption of MReyol Macae r. Johrex igtnayl Mr. WilliBite,amd r JFbnNightengaiL Lart3.AwLot 2u ta-abothwer uub-otantialythu bardonsdng Ol't.nant bettuate in theraro the luestast-enatiSonted, bAin the parish of Bucklandaoeid, in the booccupatiDon aofresi. Ai, 'thn OcuaiontofgUrV LdL Lot aA al-bll Frmblarwclinrfbonsd Dwithn. house, adjoining lot'I, in theo occupation of Mr. Themas BossetEa. Lot I. A sinmilar Freehold Dwelaling-hoase, adjoiin le 4, in t occuapationol Mr. IL Foreman. LotS A6-natlsFreeboldDrerlliag.house, adjoinin lot 5, in the occupationt of BMrs Chea.ter. Lot 7. V`ery~ eligible AeholdBnsuessomPrecmL-Sincludig IPoc011 Plumber and ,Paintexrs shops with loft. storehouse, with, thop front, convenient dwrelling. ho-s, yard, gar-den, and roitable ofr3M es tol aebo jHitutm,Jghl-sreet, i-nthe -parish ofChrtnito r.X_ of oe,adnow inteoccupat-en of Mr. darsh, p'lnmbr, parater, sandglazier; together with modern nd substantisaly-but measuage ojr tenement leiith arden, situateratthre rear, i the cccupation Of SIr. ,J, Miler. -Lot S. A compact Freehold Dwclling-house. ihgre noid aprourtenancs ha tire same belonging, pituate 19. ilith-gardent CharI&5n Aforesaid, adjoining lot 7, in tire oceupatraorecf loIns Bailey. X,Ot 9. All shine very desirable Freehold Premises lately lusd hpprml,togethier withl the four cottagev, storehouse 'table, and aPpurtenanclles belonging thereto, ritnato Spriag-plaoe~ jn the parisht of Charlton, in Dover Aforesaid. L~ot 10. A- conavenient Freehold Dw1)elling-houso, with spacious gardenAnd apurtenances thereto belonging, nusteNo 2,Hghtret Charlton aforesaid in thte NOirefM .Jocan C Ihandler.Lot 2ea1. Apesn situateadbige Dieruiing-homEe, with gren groudia tihe hea, stuae ad bingNO. l. Victoria.cresceai. fhaliton. Dover storetaid, in tire occupation of Mrs Dyer. 10t)l2. One other D)wellinrgboome, adjoining iot111, being No. 2, Vitttria-ceacent, Charlton afore'sald,untenlanteda Le0- 13, One0other Dereing.house,djirijag lot Ii' ben No.3. VictorMrCresnt,'Charlten atoresald. untenanted. lat, 14; (Ineether. Dwrellinsz-house. adjoining lot 13, belag NO, 4, Victoriacrescazt afoer*tid. being in the Openpaino is ei.LtiI Onre Othe-r Breelling-houre, adoiinalt1, Ong Of o Is M ackoie s -otres: 'Cent Aforesaind, in tir Oc0pting oftl4r.Jbrn ameo.S otiCt Orires - other Dsveilig.homs,ae`tiolPaing lot 18- beIng JaoaI VltMr.~Oze Afsreesd, in thie occuatinof te.VaepuLt. - Iot 17. tIne other Dueling-orse adoinanlg lot 16, being 5504 , Victoria-cr_:etlee Charttoesatrme"Id, untiantnd. Lot& 11 naeother similarDwelTh,g-hon, adlrlWnlnjltl7,begimgNo.5.Victoria-cescernt.aforesaid, intheocn.u p.otion oras.Pound. Lot 19.One oltbec nrrnDeln.own, t01on ot 1r. B.la Nino.9, Viclora-cresoent aforesaid an the occupa ilenof M. K.Itinae Lot. 20. One otharsimilasrbwelnng.hooss, sdituate and beingNo.1l,rnvlctorl-crescatafor..s hohetupaei pt M. A Waton,Lot 21. one other similar Dwellirg-_sure, ad9ltrni ne other, pleana. 12, VictOrisoczescent Aforesaid, untenanote 'veigNo 13On Vtothr penantity Etitate Dweliing-house, adjinting Lot 21, Burett; togetherwisoracreSWEnt Aforeoaid. in the occupation of M,re Wcurirlt together wthoh three mesrusges or tenements, workshiop, and froun egh-ttoint tberlets oTf Victeria-crescent aferesard ssith entrance Mr.mDBayward,and Obse-te aforesaid, occupiesd by Mr.s hi5irard Bear Mr.m thevsd Arabs~rhopr B ,eor. Tholast12 hletare held under leaso fromtheArcbisop f Canterbwsy, ata rent of l4s. per year. and laud thoned lots, No& 1 2, 3, 4, 1. 6, 7,8a,9, ]I,- 12, and 11, Victoria. drescent aforesaid -,lloeihd toteue nnmuno h os,.. ioematl garden In front Of lthe maid crescent, each Owner conitributiaga 12th-part of the eant of keeping the garden, with the wrla and feucer, in repal' L Dot 23 A P nel ises-mage or Tenement, aituare NO. 3, Lorver.rssv, 1S011tountpioanv, in the borougha of Dover, in ]Kant inthe oecUPation of Mlr. William Lewis;. together with a freehold building ur-ed an aebakehure withlefttandsremisembelonglngtheset, 'in the occosatlon of TKMr. R. I-rebble, Lot Cf Alt that lively slgibIhl Freehold Dirvelling-house, with the, appurtenances belonging totherams,- rituateBlggin-gtreet.. inDover atreseaid,togetlier viththeepa. cious garden ground frontinz Priory--street, in Dover, in the occupa. tion of loire.; Chittenden Mot 25. Very desirable F:reehoid Lusinels Premisee. wiltsdmeliing-horce and apeusienances belo oginthereto eltoato 15, Canmon zta. ei. rorer aforesaild, in the occupatIo of Mr- Wright; boot and ~hoe marefactoer. Lot 25. Modern, comPact, n mndTon shop froct, bakehouse,snd conveatentd dellinghouse stutea in owoallstuct,Dover aforesaid, in the occupationL of SIr.'Jmse Woodcockr, pastryceok and confectioner, and his undertenarta, Sr, Bart, arlrdreoser; Mr. Tucker, fru3terer. and Mr. NIewcombe poul.- terer; with entrance to hakehauso i Mill-street. lot 29. All that old-established Freehald Flouv Mill, with theuichnesy, drving live 3air cf tdone% togethb withtohoE and two cotWes (smaal part Dovernacctr liiby stute i nnTthelsieet and Shill-stre-nt, orer ifgresad, in tha ocUpation Of tie executo o the late MAr. W. M3nnering. deceased. Loet .0. A Freehuld Building used as atable, withthe-ceach.houe aud loft eituate Adrian-tZeat, in Dover aloresaid.ln tiretenure of Mr. Charles Lamb. Lot 31.A.convenientLeasehold Dwelling.he,ss, With shop front arid appurtenances belonging to the same, situate No, 25. Snargatantreet Dover aforesid in th. c Cunation -of Mr. Samue Jacobs Lot32 A genteel Leaejeo'd Dwell. Ing-homse and appurtenances to tie mane belo-nging situate end being I7 Snagate-tret Qn-vrae-ead nIooccupation of Mr.It. F. Ow sbhstantially-bul it eosehod Premises, ° ,e ss co0l-etro, with free rharf. wilh loft, ritnateonCrommerral Quay Dover in the oocption of Mr. W. R. MawlIl. lot1t Well situate Lsaacid Buao sgy with goad shop front, in Snargateatret, andearnsnc in Strond-streeL inDover, withi the commodiessdwelling. leouse and Sppurtesncamobelouging to &h samoe, late in the tenurze of Mr. EL Harris. Lot 3. A convTenienit Lleasehold Residence, situate in-txM.acut1on-of r-:f-.---n .±hpps.Lt5.Aoacoradsb EtantiAllAy.buil' Leasehod Wareairus,e, iut eCeodar and aS a'bondea vauat, and tmhereminptiongounrseetcL57 ing- altrm4e5N,y ?. 9rondataet, in oaa ithoCuin ofI.Geo -ffoecL, Xot 3t.A vgu p atroLe.i P. c,-wflr,aega~onces, situat andh. h ruaa5i DLorastoresal4aa comnrrna,ingr iIau*(~ fOithser zanlboy, inthe Oecvawoaof-L~,H~a a.aexu e Is I Ctr * - 7~--. Old flesad toeudPustir, NNSRS. FOSTER -and- SON-WITWSEL by-A-UCZ" -ceet;Scluding bedsteads and-beding; amlsar KenNa - iale.u ..b ~LESSRS. FOSTElrawnd SON~wlSLLa-AC jVTlOX*th,M&Ast. mTue ,Oo. Iilea TWT BEOCENIMRrfY sfA l- , diile'cdbafo yersisaC een at the rate oitprcn.-Prcls,1 da,iir tteMart; of 11.- IL Ewbeak,Rq,sictr ,Su senes (ra'il,n:and of Means Porte, 4?l-na. Copyhold ottage and lAud, atEatt.2miefr lnn,ad twotmilesfrmineStlos j~7SSRS. FOSTER and SON are direc'ted by the. Executorsf and Trustees to SELL by AUCTKION, at the Mart, -on uesdy, Ot. 2,atZ SOUTH-HILL COTTAGE, at RrAt4wt,nesr Piner net eug esdence with lasws, garden, orchard, alid laud In lt 'bot woacrS-containing itur bed rooms, d'xwing alid diulw' methe ~Lam-ur o o &besip aot Huulti ree oflO. andtjrM-y wt £10 pr anu. Prtcuars Sa-ELLda . H street.-onaquar.-Ut o aessin a hiem roomsand rftpiroms~ aneiSNaedre c-lled oS drect_ion ofthe Exwnetrso theltsr Cln ors, 1-othe pta t.& SIDerITOlsse. Ho. G orst-sqare Resiene-sk,ceose f itn strsure Gcunontiig nlsemsacomdt fourmlsroma famil snoring reoo MccESSRSTh atOnebal and 6tONsa areapcis aELd by AUChedi-n roo N.aad reethon roosnloanwl Trpsdoned Othber 7bAret 2 athery sr adMNofial araned laet Jorn haealt and coaenleenre,to and thee are 10~ roos onthmeditl thclsebe tates, ZIwowtr-lsts, a TdPeralehedavinen and repair, taoeper-ngcornornt. abtclars omayl2to bo bad fadalys bheor dernd; pand ofkr andr Poster. S.l rtalul-all, aner timtrked,ad tovere os cerstoine daSaurhsrs maFreebe bsad.iculnioTquFz o lburperTslseott.aesan Gothro oeienf HousesrI Seven acd res of1 PIn surea Ground, tonle four i cm,,luera f his dcelmnue. MESSRS. FOSTER and SON arwir eLLe to SELL TIONt. atr the Maot,on'TuesdarsOctobr7.atllot, The RSt repair, crsu ofrable FREccoPRETM sison foe vage ofamily.the gBuunds, are pf reoracle bytesdg and laenueta, includievng ates Towngrdens pacesldof supeandrae,-sow,l andblte, and limberepd, iband tere I alseota rmnsevaouswihhohue and gulir.lto eserifoure aTh estatof wit heldfrTht yer at u.exppr annum TheliamteniongIs nit thoef highoa, chabve = fCate -retrmen zoit a hralt-bor's yacces to th merpls .I YMar Residewet toces which. wimoth pardticulas hand plansmy be Goadon,.inutrhe,-PreagedofsGo lest includin the Towncarm or It agreur,Aa ceaptitca. ortamhenetdllae And wit wllce, indbu2 Allres expett detached t Cottag,wls-tages and ed;svra telabouers Cotarles , anden ghe, ;aroup of House,So wan enses And Shp nthe centre of the viuaeMropoerl of theverlueta1cr. Robiuert 'oG-oream.andstobe sl inc1nrciuen-rc oihiadec,fiease. s m tatbegarto inac nonn, mlsfoinTGwdaJtOct.r?, s atlllote,vandtwo diesiAndablefro FREHbDPoPEnowlO tion atCteanThe vilaoofGdooe, Iof God'erstofe sup eri ourimeaou,mle, n oodW lerand Anth Cantexcellaentofr-ou'wel andobnidore leturon easederantaerm of Awitutbn carhietyear aetet un 1heao nerpre , to riiaiSenuinr,eo. ewhoe famhl holate rGtdstehe fimso a gomtreatf 2aor.ears, lsoa cd apita mad, I te vllae f Gdatne wih oThes gaowns plem asur grouns, abeauifelornamntallakeandreados,i aetltlo nearl G4arei~s,rlet, SonG leasot rs. ?eeb~od w,-m~ hocpS ersae n prtt Coe o4 enew seo,arln MESSRS.d aOTRanrmyredrcedb b en-pa dcuorssoflea e,1 D whicha& . tenrELrs are AUnexION,t ath late CharlesitHarupdcb turner, t Pje; mb a pgrous of Housesn an Shp i h cnptre ofth Mr.ae Bartnd peeraldtuacr,ohed Cottage. for ~1 Twv aclaborr.Go sooi 1y mbesb frO,2 Lodoay , b'tire tmbI l es atrob :Mr;Ofs -eGeary,ucEso,smliies rom odatonero tto, andolMn 'otwo54 ilsAndnauhal foro Sthe inew Tatbioneat,ateras the Mvilsme oexteodatese and neighalubou ringL conryo--eTErha aonsdi Cai: bars, drentsoo wellS knwnfr anat.euralo advantages bofsesinat'n variety, steet, and,e richn Esi faen-eryae, Vitoreqi-reuogy Mthe troil6 atl God-plcue,I Lanesdownro Vloans, gitrispavel and saud, very prod.uctive,rand. healthytothaepuovrb. hoae Towne4m ate all., the Wequisgtite ofArmeais,heHpefarm,withogreatnfethltyeo sell,r eAsm'iy wreved,ian thenihouhoistdedwh the bestet o botM cocety. Alaso andeatclarsb aboe, peaIn , Fland mayd Beahfdrt dHsefor the sparl-sto tewbo acrts Ioflnd, ledtonlea hie Ha10prt Rgatem at theve moyaldork Hotnfeld, Bridhton;wheeipnThulbr0adn;,wih ofnae view,evI beq. folndciut ortI, Chfrosmsthet Cagreadshsqaof budnd, of Moesrs. it hoeste. Th4. P,,all malL vT,InbuIOlt-tepoae Grebk-treet Sehoeeiuae.-PreholdHouse.Shop anfibeod eateosic iIIIESSRS. FOSTER andSO Iare dirSELt L by t ath AOt,1inNo tvaoMr.o rdlSpember.treudiedfrhpat or, ata Suebydl lFnpemEHOD OUE N. on the aiu east side tof Gare, er-tfree.dshire lqace, in tho occupation of Mr. Baurton Aermer, of bnpthe innludl va0ceofilO. Fartiru 2 HartmofrehCow 2tocaksBefocrE thesal, 210 heep Mart ofm - Gearyof Pa.soulictor,1 Stanksor ando kc.m,Pser 4 eiMiaryAnonemn -Extensiv andW7L vaunl crnjunhtondPo pfters:ty,i th,artheswol of Che 'abad ovea Ground etsas floountT lag. Setemabout16 £the3whpe ofum threscivestock -bxx oU te frs, ave ral detvachd Hussanotte- ages,. tRwthLnd,Alet at £p13mperit tale dexdzortead toblemrequtre for buiding u nanpoeesi aFabrt MESSS. FSTERand WAOL are directed b to -±T,. nnonc f SAEWilsn Novme nExt, at AUTheOaN, an-th extenive nd vryovluabe FREHODrDkge ES1TE consiRsH'.g D grondrntrf £,10 prM AnnSm recried fom aouther housesM in Cheseaparah,vis :-rsteet.Prond-stngreet,eaststeet, R17And. sir. toeWellngto Arm, th loe and Azinchr, ande,o the Gne Arms wih rveriwntochemacberenftsofaboruet £tOtOaromi. Soetythe housesfor cttae s, letatrens hamouflddnting to att er metealowb, tow iels adells,ir ewhreiPlo sus, whRPich, erARviw, il befon must sahoty fro the ab rogressey. oh bildngt eoeredisath raeiofhhousesn.enu. ThssaoIDEeelibier,i&na, qutiniouennh plbonusle on 6 persbadrgewasdeslanden wt Thousestbrhaivebee a.l wlbem ldetof. cemobhoer lese, and the lucand o unchulot on wille ' pscllc aut cin turhaerbns. P'on arewhle rearingr, andine thear atieanira fulearsticamulars-wi beavriedt hsppr tebo Bakrs wand athet-A l-salse hp n h etate c.. birsmaybeha oad,Iasteth in-ouser7 attchd, Clatpb -Ccinta-le, etoune-o Tler ina~nlaptey-garafcrhren.-Furgebld fo4yasFarom%gbSeptmberol 1150 furee of gon Arabe nt. athre odwlt rcad and Gatreril e nlded. Intellpurch31aseo, 8Maybeiewg,, andpaumicularhd othereddnMsand:o Counage&andPos soliciartors 2h, mark-aet and 'ofPlWsax dWal,3 Poultry, and Clapham-road.an E TES PLES daWL t insconuncteon sf thtshne,tewhl fteaoeSPO,a eow-h wagn,crs mleet,h0 e,a paettegenPc,oTeday. Sepembr1;th hl o%hieotc,onaltenam,a RonyAbey,oSetmr15 e wAggIO,tcortd i, o.. onTherdy oSeotember 1 l-eAt hd 2 u.Mabbeieeoladeraitloge capd RVaIDnlESLifeinterss n aot~nd Revrsioary Interest i Creeh-oad, Grounod,RnsadPoh, oues;also p"a Poicy of Asuancem forY£,be il iE.e YofMA.SB Wi[lunt SELLB hbAUOTION, at thes lIart6,Bon priay.sept,1,antin12for1,dindotherei alots :-ewel andy, GerOiag IppEbSts, andREAS dherivend frmielearfosolodproet. o pe1,strseto-auberwl, an-Jxzd predcn epciey£7 n AiEtiS,Rd.re HERNnm o. The SOteverles SLLtre ofAthe ChTlsIe.Ov,T, ou thel Prmsesrigh-te,r, eet anburyd;e ar Endayf aud TuJe,sday. PLemer WSan 6 atn id WA2prL-- ro- diecteday behezonier withl pinte-gloas bat.r, ros-ew~oad Ion table, work tables wtrh clk Wells,very handsome resewood drawvingroom chairs covered wish cimson slk taboret, lounge and oactssonal chairenEmite.,and curtain~s to matICbrosewood role tire screen%s,black Marble cllok withbronze fianre " Rebecc at the Well," pair or Sivres cbicaormamente,p i of Bohemian glass vases, china ornaments, about 200 ounces ot plate in locks. spDOns fis rlces,lsdles, tept, &C.,amv?so eok. mn tity of glass, handsome dinner rErsr,teuual assortment or kitchen, utensils, about 1t dozen of excellent Poet wine, and numeeous other effecta., May be Tiewed two days prior to the Cale (Sunday excepied). and catalogue hado~f Messrs. uron and Sea, auctioneers and estate agents, Urlirdze, MIddlesex, Hampshire, about sex miles froixo Lymingtoii and ~Cbristc-hurcb.~'y Mr. P. COI ISEN 01 the Angel Hotel, Lymneliton, on Thur-a-- day,'September 25, at Bin tha Afternoon, in nine Iota, subject tD Such conditions Ss wll be then and there produce, (ne nacpa offr b prvioslymale by privzte'conitIeT) A el'comnaodious Freehto d claie eience, -commanding etendive views of the5Chanoal, the Needles, anld the IMe Of Wight. The wuccmmadatioris and apartments be Cnuy,een ' and conveniently arranged, ronder it an epp,opriale reildenes for-as first-rate establilhmest. The Principal roomsass ofmodernitractuc. - There am Slurep clttageeadlIoiningorthsgrsdenersodtstabie,-me ample. mrsaitag- buses, stabliog, and all re~qulste offies, pleasue gar den, and wallerti Ind ta grea-c.o.ebe-os, oc-oss -and greenhouse an sabunan su.pply 0-90,4' foring wate; a piece Of:0turtne lad fotof the lasses ,j; she aaptal horrteejea, tom. pns,-allfl cL~UM'ottages brewboose granary-. two-mau. coms iars.utah aDW owpece, PIE=els and otWm muid$ butidluggna to -rodnthpgardesis a whole estate, aeowdlug go th(f Mileu Ite Aar~, eses-iesabout 75a,-Ir. 9V, of ex0ellentarable aaspa~selan, ed heussesflif.ThA tithe, barse been mm- - -1orInyv,,teint; -MM. .MOP)PE WMI kEIWL- by. AUCTIOM at th, -LlH-Ou,I6 known as SausrmawEel, Cottage, Aitiet-icha sear Geb.-enei let at All. vesdor cavinaeratea§ PA ci as e~ i,eiLw,a E., oudtter. W-iLmi equare, Cleskenxw,lt- Feckb1m-Freehos' iAabk ons e n M R. MOORB wilSL AUCTIO'N' at -the" and two LEASEHOLDsxroe O E~Ih~ves.i s~l Ne-road, 1msi1C . eka, e t£0 h es Mr. Mount, sldhcitr 10 etatoatth oeayBnc - Dalstan. Sem-dEtahtdy~aldcace, teroocuplamin 1 MOORE will SELL bvy AUCTION, at the Mar on Thuraday, Sept14 la, s,+X.~ffrloomsem-etachel COITAGEflESIDEscCojwht,,,ovintloflaes, forecourt, Iing asden. Ponltry. tool,andmeve ubouses,st4able a dehise-houss, known a Hp Gottfge,Park-ro&d,Dalston ;iet at=£1 t4enant payIn _a,s Teo 1 yea, rs;oundivnt£4A The ssperiorblinu, gfasttingg. andtlxtures included in the purchase , rartiucLus of reters Chester, &-licitors, 1, ChUrch-roe', Xewngon-bivta the Ma-.t - and at thse auctionceso ofuoes, Mile-end-road. ,on. the :Lodon Hospita aae- eshldegtroe fue M1FR MOR wl E AUCTION at the ±T. art, on Tbueay IZe~ a 2 by order ol l~e Execatore of Mr. EL. S. Meptn, ,a exoellent DWELLUiG. HOUSE, NO. I'll so -re-lc, e-od idway between White. chapel and-Commecarad,ltoMrWle,a taxes.. Terns5 3iyss Gon et 4O.0 Thaea,FoY, EEe. so etr 3 ukeauyat teHr;ada h auctimneers offices, Ml-n-od MR. OOREwillSELLby AUCTION~, at tb6 Mart. bn'issdr epebr 8 t 12, iTn tb-ee lots.SXsx roomned DELNHO ESwth ood Varets. W,&e 9 to 13. Castle-terrame- Aglln,Srfrdnerte exeev sok n elation of the mBtu onte alayr le3l £101. or., Tendr rgylng ratear, soun ret ~ t.ec ei.Pr 3Bishopseate; tteCsl v Lease]ol.d Premises atW u,adawlighTae10 at a Gren wieb-E oreB f Tute flx Ro'bertUarb,nt4 115 M OR wl SLLb AUC-TION, at,f7hi iTl. ast5 on ahrdy etme-t, -1, in two lots. a HOUSET' and syacious PRtEIISsad HR 244. HIgh-street, Wapping, let to Mlesss. Elyt adnohrat£0erAnnum; held on leasfor rental £00:, held rijreat£1pran.PatearolIr riseon Rhodes, Esq.,s'rtr .Dve-tet xodsre;a h Maot; aid at theactoersoes,il-nrod Thre FreholdResdences, wit Medw ad at Sidrup an d North Cray, Rent-To beSodb cto,uruttofeeefte HilghCrtof4)hancrymaenaaeolae "vj the apprub-ittn ofthJugtowm g.jte ta-'hse, in three lIn. B. R,M OREtte-person appointed) wfil SELL I I -sAUOPION et eMart.o Turaday Sept.14. Alas2.FItil Greensieh Railivay, let to JohndiaLtfield, Fzq., at 00 erannum aloaFreehold Residence, with ttablingasedmaeadow land nearly d. *oiig, let to Mtr. Prithar, at £10 annum -and a Freeholdt GotlogeResdence, wvith garden, aLt X Cr~ay. Me-nt rental £01, hut now Tscant, lb-ated partienlare.withcoGnditionsgofrsale,maybe obt*aied of Messss Madox and Wyatt. solIcitors SO, Clenment's-lAne., Lombard.- street; Messs. Jay, ant Pilgri, aolicitors 14, Bucklersburyv of Messrs. Mead and Daubeny, 2, Kuin's Beela-walk, Temnple ; at the ;aid Masmt: at the lunng near the properties ; and. of the auctioneer, Mfr. Moore, Mil-end-road. ~Plate. Watcbes and Jewellery.-hnDy N E991S. EBEAr 1 ST6Ut,aSnd SO WE DAY, at 11 IEVLDa PLTATE gol wchs and chains, trinllts, and a variety of miscell'anies. 1iUESSRS. DEBENHEA3X, STORPR, adSN will .II EL'L btthelrrooms at thngeiret Com%in;-tekGvent-gre.T-or gardndsatns suges,az shews 1notles isables, etwfllowe-a dattir, cabins gds, beds, B eddusir.d. OnA view. ~ s,bochs i~ IIEBENRAM, StOR erald SON brillm daM tESSRh iSt. atOP1, -aMndRftOACLOL SanIDSI MEIO1S, ric sil, inatin, land velve dresstlength, ppi;mv horlndsoefreiP,atloeeroantles, victorins bapes uewe s,do;IOb of new silbtadinedoI a,.dGenreenlg aprsrl, andtor effects thmassive ats,tCeoFcesorChronomtioerseathr ado4e.lu'l DastntTogemelIesdncs MESSR-S. DEBPEN and SHOLLID,Ywnd SONELL J,ILSEtiLby UCTION, attheir Roams Minep-stereet,Covent- splenid BILL ResidenceLEaSd earrings brounch ea, pher sh std,adwli at butftgon aii ml agnucnt emerl. n rliu broch,donSol gu1,0and EcR can, nl and OL DAYforig waceL, wih vr. Aurslex, andthoriuta rescapvement,h in pliai Mandeona mueled goldandtsilerl cases,clocs,timepieces,an duo, OLD EThladiDng mtagkaer,serideso iddlereadndMinesoatwn paSute,sivirta, andLu Ith Olfexpd-rive.silerlettingeand otlehevaluPabl itm.O iwo Saturday and iilonday.v.,tandgnes gratis. !1/FESS eS. SLperm an-Ibtnd uteLLIIhAY -wi SELL ariuasof sate otie ofy W. Jotneds, Ealso ofe.beitor al..g41 marn-yareecty; att outhe Mart: the principalinns-within10 miles ofth teproperty - and at the ofrices of theo4auctioneers.14, Colemanjtee,city.e Cr S133-motrat orec-oldeial Lefsehol Esate. of -3 IESSRS. SLOPER and HOLLIDAY bare bee- favonsruceditoi SELL byAontIoNath MarbU TIO, o ttheslay, inTusdy Setembr 1ot, SatVE2 rdc4i entey-bulot LEa aS uable FREEHOLDt~e i ETelegraph-plagcEfStratford. e ia rAnel-lane: hel fubr longterms andthlw roendwrelnt,,May buae viewed,hand ativdars. Jf alnessbrainds Deofit.lH.reig.1sce, srolicto . Griay'sinnsabproe;rtyi mothdeMartf; and iua-the ofe of the bspauctioner,f4 Crolem.an-treent, ity.u tote sSRand WsLOE Crydnd RalwyLaIoAY Ma bwieweSELL perisionboAtheteOnazts~o theom art. onlarsand. ondtmero,s at 12, may.ilentanwellna-hours wit coach-house,ella ., siugate and being-,2 Marons.l5%nd,1a.emple-street, Dat the Mat heldPfrnloauginns aitbIc Stoper mUqe , solicit popr,ty hade tteMr; andalteofwofhoautithaofier3 ofltemanc-tioeee t 4d olmn-teY,ciy Innrle.-Frehld btesde?nueantuiladingGrendceta he.ysa IESSRS.TRLO GERhandeHbLeafavore wihSiL- Etrby uctION,t withoYuCt eseve,abot the24uthofnMart,eon Toeda, epemer13 a 1, nflmoemoos aHOUSEHOLD F.TA TUE, contletse ofa eryo desirabe reiec,konu utnVlla iut rndwayStaTSoupn irthe above remlPo. ofurterin Garound adjohinin. MaybeTviee by-4 pemSsion c-ar the tdenants ofThotr-mxpaleutar amndeuditonas ofD sale arp etz obrtained; also WnofwF ent, ya et, Walling-street Efcity:& ess tseln ais Oiios 9 o trahe roperty; a indatath obfees f t eautonm.eers, rbedCooeman-stbree mabogadey.-iardortnt,Febehtol d Etae,o the vsaluedo and? prer tESSe S. Sea n LOeR-lse, r'lr and nOLdAdYxgxo ae beaix ilougfaneud wetthees, l,cario nal tocSELLobylAtCTIO, aietotne Mlart, Cheltenhsam-.Setmr 1n4ndy etebr. at1 ococ,i see forpeclq0, a vauabl pdbawihnge roan di thgreem.dserviingroome, situater ydentliemeands rtm James's broads, theeonsdre-ps,goe Chre erodnTbavua bleprvopss tyN romostlodelgtfull situate, in the,n bestprt cryonvn.eceandi continguouic to theEat angod teste royldo ralwayStanions, frmayh bet-stee bsaoa pernioson01 te tennts, f whm pariculrs n condtinstfsl macoy beobta.1ine aaooresr.Rsel n egn nolicior, Matn's-eae,bA Csn-le;atteMt hepicipal-ins wth in; av ie fthe property n tteofcso the auteesolrI Hoa1. ioria-ro,a double-acton Hap,hremianary Gotico OrnaeentMane itemg andnum hold Efuceniu n ffcs tWSR.oXEqAUw SELL by AUCTION. buts4hot ,rrn and E heCTr,uon the abfovdetreuet, fu.rtherlparticlasof whichr wilatl aperin a fstrre Ypaperap414l Srad. ept. 9.-h 1010.W modern Houprsinhowlduntotre,ehandome 61-ocave maotganPano inm woalnu care, capital Cayarpets,curabines,an Wbindow gaitsi, c legant Bedding.man Eof nbects. araedmnsos ute fcrbiF MESSRS. hoRionGa wiand Sia rE L b y AIB fDaUCtIONt, at-- rinl-l teao le onmrs. 0, Str&Iand,to-morrow Ein-'redayl. ort. tanfor 1 recisly, the LUaseTURE and milgitPes Du GpRlff of Hwotdrewic oomdes, inn ambndgrafs Ironomtes.si c.Uned erroomS, ibrry balfan oeleireaSe; cofMojsg lfty ou-pstand o.rabiegantedslea- folsogary ward gnroaes, chst of drwtsothoad addessing tabes ebva sa tile- lasesudawiseg;eddnn emroo cais .LV. otee istrctinsto SiF1& by AUCTION, at. the large Rtoams, 21, ld ondstret,on hurday Set.-5,and six following days, at - 12permptoily an witoutresrve.in otssuited to private'pur- varoundesgn inBeriniron aLnd polishedste,anhvigrhl chuch tovs wth sceding and descendigels, numerous; kitehew ranges hot clsts o,, f themortapptoe os-itonaat sot ment of fenders, embraping costlypoeodteel oerdrwDro3 broioz, steeL Berlin black red others for dining rooms and Drous and cast-iron and brass 1op for bed roomis and nurser-lee upwar&dq of 200 sets of fire implemeuta in everY variety, capital japased ilil lengtb. shower, hip, sponge, andL foot bath', toilet cans and pails, plain and highly osnasnentta, jaPanned, and copper.coa sontiles vases and purdomiume, a, gret Variety of1 cosly Aan lest expan-I sive papier macis- sad Iron tea trays. witers and baskets nme rous town-mcade brooz- tea and -ooffee urns, 50 handsome mo- derateus- Isrps In bronze, prorelain, opaqe gIars, and or-menl, .I ball,ssteriis, 'P.rislan timepieces, broozm -ornameeast, bat and nr- -i brelgtsds,a el-aseredstock ofSheffield Plate oomprisag dishti covers,Wslers, iener.crnspcl.sy n g rms e evss candlesticks, ito. esof bl~o tin dishboaver ws pleted a es, listwater dishes andI pates SoPPer tea kettles, copper s tew and ia~ pans; and da kettles, tabfoetutery, a large xasoetmeut Of fron, tin, n woodvars. meat screens, plate warmers, boiWlejacls, ----aof tos 1,~~~~~~~~d~ scsd the T~Juorjsr, AW= FarIXja& iw I. -,ae &x*sihe varam,okest, wittha -& few doo -o moquearq U.oee*t tie-rmedk-yaes i el DW eI3ssG-HieeM,th.dImmediatted Wsmoama b9use bd,th1 weby o tsa and eXigibte e d,p7eH6lotyreiher -b of e551j beeaitbd on t2he pend uner;a the a.immeats;M km zawreyor0-. ,n-i sa le to,a WE-Ina;a p4atnble ton in=_0ont4oa?a4. .---e- I t,oaltej the broPertof. liandub6vewed 27lerotthetsuanVan raetCUlsee with cooditions of-sale, obtained. tt the Mart, of-tr Read, Clrkof Asarmoinie fo, Oubt - hieuad at the &siCtiffes, h In Oianser.-Lameet vNewarL-C apnact- Itatiez at~e ±or1nesmu xein the Immediate neighboorhoodo f Virgiiaj Wa;e. MIA F J B Rwill submhit toQ public COXPE~. M-TITIX. atthe-Anctien-Mart,-Tm-orw:. Set.12, at 12 fegZ; by order ot the Cocci; Or-Chaueesy under a decree imadeln %be abuee auae, ths Neslabble YMMEtOLD. J&fTATE. coxopr1ivgs 29%. 2r. 3*, of excellent pature andwarabeland,-with thec,ommoajesasan,- manly leeldere, known la Hatten-hill, House, inx the rural =iligee tWludiesh- in tiecOwetYOf Surrey. at -Peeset in theooocupatciors( with ornamental timber; and is appsssghq,d-by A criage dciTe: Trlns(Pari-atr nvrl arble-l are In a igh obateOL cultiatio, andrepi~ t e isbrt and iidcmou onUtay of the psesent tenzant The SE01tY of the locaity ls .td.) well knDown lo) re. ax7oaestt, but-the,fasy aceolndiont,fej by Ydrig the Staelnand Wokingitalwaybhasnow beumeltibl. preperty within two hours' sidTe d the metropolis. A-16re .1ntll~&ti e,ttte itpD1smaserwesycne abteadstagt.e -oxunfidanitas with objects of Inte.ett and sltacason in the emant Cahde shodt, the Wellington:iltrClle,VgnaWer mdi. in-additionto h br,i coece& e-an.vrt tlobedtbsitih estate fee many very desiabeie oh lgbh on,theBath high ro*Aand elsewhere,and ta u hl saei e romded bwexcellentroads.-Theaomctmwesee.b.la, the. tengxxt.,. and particulars, WI coneod ae,ibaoe a 'Weynouth,. Req.. solicitor. 13. Cllffocd's-inn; ess hsom n Gibson, C't Unn'sminn-lields-; W-;R. Powys, h,5lnio.0,Bs ~selleuare,X.ondell,- Rsq, olto CoPibl-er,ct:a h X.rt -. at t ~the toclistyiftettead atie aucticeonoMoes,71in Warwicn-coonrt, Gray's-Inn, Boston, LAnrolnshirs.Fnraltnce andioc ~of Jeweler, jjC.-FtTU3B -will SE"LL by AUCTIO2V on 3nthtPrembs. 3.StraitlZargate._ Boston. Lincolnianse nme. needa, Set le-andollo inxay- 1U forIl2-1he entire acdoe meodem HoUSEaOLD TUBNj-sJ ; dludingtapettry,i,,. adoter ewA. a esapecior roeewool drawing -room suite lgn ine :eonerwith vlate-glainbaeck fin ~%e n~eavbiney s, lnmruxntsril boo c3vdinlnrroOmsoliteinSPaai~hnsabogan,. concse iog o a seot ofdining tables, sets or chiaires,astalsecretairsbookse chins aid. Ownes the appendages of the bid chma~ obersomafpn15poatsszsd rabtan bedsteada wilth dsmaskh llugluE Prime goose ,ta er-bdg ndbedding, SpanIsh mahgay arroechoeaw at. draes oltglis3cc marble-toP .Wsh-a~~tands, uli-aired bsist, kc.;aLsia portion ofthe stock inteals, including god and drer wacohee, Chan,rings el, American clocks. travellig cae,waIngaprl tools. and genersal effecai : likewine the maoIety of tlbeyaht Ilen. mustcalinstroments,guns, pIstols,jeweller,, c. May be view and cawaopoes had at the place Df sale; and at tie auction offives, Varwac.k-co-irt, GrW6'-ln. London. ;Srand.-To Gentlemen, Connoisocuris,Tocona,at ees and others. 0JR . FURBER wil -SELL by AUCTIO,o .LTthe5remirs_363,-St'nd, -on-Wednezisay. September2 d- following day, atll for 1 each day, the valuable !STOCK in, T IiD of r. Bredon, who isrelnquishing the businees ;cornistingoasu 12 twL.of cigaszT cmprisiogaomeot the finest Loreige brands,Reasg Emperors, Elt Dorados, Queens, TrAbuces, blaxisas, ~t n e bannos, s-nuod. 3feecschaum. and other pip, tm,nthIse ga cases setuffboxes, uda valnable st-rhoanelirniespt toEVadiENt.' Samlei man h obaied,HU i thgel-ae,fcsJee;n Haoguses one wnithe preon Ins Wdl&3 Strrand; astnd tte uto ofc nivate Ontrw IAStrotfard. nearthe fLs.atSon. C 1~R. DEBENRA3I begs to sannlounce thatth iil PREV unOniLed GROUND% REino Ange ne andmm tha he sceaouses, oe diphItop,oflindba-terrat eez, wagtoN-OTre Stotee weret ueSTSlo), atd theL recn aits n ndos now hpnt ngtae areated T5rea'oAuCUontractd-Aeatton andcm eStOt oftheasi O Csose.i MLR. DEBENH-AINI.i diegat nonet& h * - Ba-ssrter.Forstsolot, ale b tordro the Motaes AsIR. DEBEINHAM1 is directed to LSELL, att . terac. obelorod.I,cebsgolInvperktmentbom.rve'et excnsa e d to produ e renalsumofo£0pr 1yannum each.reld. lrc iIR.. DEBENHA3I is diew e t SELL, at the -it,o -LMsdt,onTeptdayDSeat. 12, iat, ionelot4, TFIVE compat, brickBaglan-treetsaont thre minuts' walkom-th-Xreet.bL-Sand o ont D ead oNheAryta Pailac,lt tEL aeeta thenants, atl at ecun rens a,SeP.- of atl12, eachmodse.matice ulars IMhAd onherDiEs; ,of hGeorge cdelevation, sowith or,22 goldegen il at n4 &tch r. debells.amSevofies, Sb.Ctersiss-ad, em. Ial elh.fxuie exedn tDpranm,fr1 easueprecevd. n stra.t %toBELLHby wUCi SELL nt the i2a . an onem-a Sidnbey-lae 7 n at3,i eghtodbus; th e'ghboosd cls to thSeXCity-roam andoFS:whuLtn1Ieysrcfomprie aig, Isebla sigleoe, leoit respectable teans,d itrlndal6Leoonehgo£1dperdanesnUm,anStoldfornearlyt 10 yakrsunexpird, atheldo lowg rundxpren t of 10ati-.oper ate sro.uad ticlarntons theprmSELLbsUCIN at the MatCuMeas ire andotel,nOulcete, oIf F.EE- DEBUILDINGi SELL, suate ls th he Mallwon Saion Tesay. Socmer,pt. 0. t ,g consderablbc-outateVto Wortysj steCet.dteofandsomeaelevaron,wibseth oo garden,~at di ptichmed ilthos, Sevenlditoutiera'-tioads emrastbuly he;althy,fevouite cloiseoet.ngmnelghourhb,oa,treadi,lyachisle fromiiu thecttyorand.ws crendtzw. The hos asboeen eretedanth most frubtaoldannel nd.txrdla ~orimmdiae oousteEibn n Lis amo adi-selv miutaeydapt-drtt, rentaleof£ respernnnum. He d for 23rsvotesdorte county rofd uent o £12tice.lar, annth lirthghic plaras on th -rem6utalat the Weed4 oLusereLEs. CoriwcltorFa solcior 2Coellitreg ondoiii annothe ntreet, andoatId. feehmsole,S ,Cepie Govaubexttesient atolsveesicnsert. ]E[ESSRS. VERSFEL aD aOnd HOave ncie n by AMMOrarat the otSrLL by AUCGrea, at the Marmt, onWestday. Octoer 7n atnd2, ineigteme lots ath foll1 yording o B he CoS asA slcOYS of-Lrtweb' wil ompisea Feol. Reslicidence, ao larg Swinlon. ofret OFF nICE rai FITI eS cocmpating bofkcfr. Thosmas Isandy lots,1 3P SSRS. EVERSFIELID a~n HOppErS befrd-treet llntr,ota IOn. William Tiier0Lot. To laseholdd HousesandShopaI Non 2audI Portnd-Iace Tibrthen occupation ol Mess M' nlean ThMas: thEwOleROdiNgOa rentllo abou,t £1,00pe annum.9 Patiular and FEcn ~Ihtnclumangbe obtaine ad. f beds-in,g Smith and Son,mwsolicitor ds, 9 dobrna at thbes Autonal and glse,loaf'of assos and Fitns,R.BAlLadSNShv eevdi- HardinzLMa tOSELL by 'AuTiO t BL. atneCusHthel Corhetenahursda. Octoer 16-,pt 2at 21or2, i lth-Ue, sePIRED&q of thRE SEHoLf BUPiLDN PUB NDE, sitduaterco tir tEd Butonliwd streey itnud toeroad lendling frompaColciostrnerto Sodnury and ipgewi bhichxaei lube-houdse,aitorestrfict ioes astobildingor alor afw,lt 3/IeSetoSRT. J "_ame' hrh nth EYEathLL .-froninl. CStLeLoa bn Gay,en-tembrrae Ireabov-e Ipcopert'is feletod, lanrd-rotbx redees chie fl tthe free, Most eligib. aiuaTe, and iwoolarl adate forthan' Serectinof teils roLthe eidEncUEs, ndoffers gotesfor te ont of lsex.toub Pabbinglrs mithnlitsorfapo plathe with bie reot arined o oiaible Leascbold,Tusstac,Rest, 11,R. AIN bhas received3 risrcius fromtl the rro. AUCT ON in one lot at the Mart, sin Thuda ptme1.t12 TWO HOlVrES, witih sht rns iosenpen2e,gn-i, Blo E[od-lck,Bioomfalsino,,O, -Femeteed.oRnt,anbd neartic Wolsic AsealSttin.Hld.M oleSEL foytreUnexIre tr of 64 Jes-afrOmlast Mdsumme, kta gross ret Gof -Aw e:ao) n le torepctable tenanf t at rents aSoetoideas. £55 per annu, tor sondi-tionse~ ofsapleand Ohe opanticlars applyto , L,y Est.rol the autonee= ' r,mti 2se,7 mboholema-a&sGold raw;,n 1,Wldti alable3h mlesehold gsd-iuRno&, amnetlnto£mSs,peau isringelaud.2 hseck nethe Isirngl0 ousOdet-od ssb'h adT tobamU5, -curt-ra,-' .b Of.U PRY wl ELb UU~(j-ot -Wefaesde~Se~5nber7.a 1 tOr-wys wudr h -wL3S Aa mmdA 4isdmor.-MyBrommo*wAd.antcart1 tdM Wia41A- at tba late W BR Welk&. Ds m ioiUos oIra-e,e atu. Chmmls T h)!u std MXF. i as ees ;rer.sre,In.~-- A ommodle inusi oouulosati. &Ssl1ee1get. Inm adv Uixs botaer t~~fe,3eusr3 e zt Ml" e vwd iedecerfefr2*cteCb. ¶s nrisesmW b. iim DA lb. els oOeic raztul adasedfra s,e.em:r-A for whiehLSear , Sha Hom an Seetinth.see, e.v4.thl tuor-stret. Ap d a ou a log eri tlo goh~ els. ayb yeth~e ocuation c CarOl-urn a FOt X ift; aind t lx dwin toal SELLte 41 AU(.-,. cran-treet at he . t -on ilr ake ,- 1 EN stUiel- iodvenia anMOD DteeAbIuoesED jjeeholdG ofe GerJMA ormanowith poielaon, adeated for the ,ccge,,, of e p fonutorundrtbesupoaIjyehgshle as aechr ad tue atte Invst- In t. D-galri tbriwystas,SL dirtiguiRbdliz arrt,yIS ot ri day,raioijar ts12gawr hitntma anemmoixetiornamieditalveryat~ion,serlited frp ~t~' ccupancy requisite Conducivecto comfort and corenience Miay be iewed, &A,~ Mcnlarsoblaied of X. ~tcbzrds, Eiq., solicitor, Ceo; at then t ini Inthe bei;hbourhood; sand at liz, win:Pox*- F-ehold Repidzne !X;e7nio. B~E sw .PGHadC.ae in-trncted to~ lt ELL by pubi uto.a h at nTedy et 0 t. A2 a aital brick-blL.LAEXSDgEpeia, tto 3, the errace Albioera,Soeleigo,~rc eetan bel hylociahty Tehuecnan e onein or,hzaa attractiregareniutecnadrr iofteetmranal.J of£40, arsdSf,tzor teimdaeocpto t May be viewed tal h ae nprieasae ,Te s. solicitor, Hibemia-chabs,Iodnede th-Ail M.- and of the auctioer,Mua0 uh n o.Eima-te( Southwark. -- MEtSSRS- .0C. PUGH and Co. wiILSkLL by XQC-~ LTLTION, at- the Hart, cn Tuesday Se hm'er 30. at A12, Itwo,f 10ts, without reserve, bry ore of the Nrortpgee, PrOUR We11-bnJ1t; andTw WonRDi trespe ietfdurinf pwrms-toe £10abeuiq ht Ied or3 yearsP autaelowSond ons-, bahe Mmpet DItP hi eoebet bepa.1Ifseand. a a ClotsetsadpL W omluniatlno wth the ainn 3aEwer.WARDeviw-Md- ySELnL byoAUCTthe -mn.at' Garijr- ` heMrt~awaatYh Ofie ofmow ath autoroneeTWO HEffhctmAjHom1 WAlwonGE, sitOrre 21Lesud 23r, Sutherland-sluarle, Bubrelaznd~2 et hiLd Otte annut , 1ent-ldeasehldeColwages Woaiuwer, Sre.ral!g? s on II I. WARD wi SELLb CTO ata4J awys,T-oro, t1 for 1,b TWO dEhff-LL RESEHout CftatAG-o. , sitk-uatedLand 23,Suterwelan-suroe, Subelaom ket falwedormth;l to Sci-clam g le oomg,an edogf6lr nr Partiuashdthe auctinon eer. CDaphans-od MRtI. SEARLEwhillSL-L b EAU eTIOr, aDt t&'rmt ThursdeZgon ThursaytSet 12. atue 36 oveIn utrbtn folebearocus dnig 2de 'irwithg roac-ous,enae-a a rcadatt dloAdti ck,wat; ofmee's,awe l or oiios oc~ cour t, abromrtou-ntrent; and ofa.Bai,Crbrrig~ 'o. 3, Pe dPddhcm-grtvenbeCwmlL . liI. SEAthe l sgtnbyth:geutr Ot Thurtdtur epteaembr, atn1 o'he1om- OYOL)DRLi captacle Ctage Retosidnewt oc-os.3salsal,gre Tamtaurt-et Cand ere,hlfoannepedtmofan rearS,aa Rounrnt anda genTeel L sm-earhed Co-tlitge, ben. He,3,rreie ofath-grorei, to BELeliYAUldiorgYeaupn te -pe- adl on Tr.dalarnept t berguineas pe fr anum Mth e v,REatieweod b ;ZiWrtof n of of tnats,, andv patcmmardngSH o as,ndl s herautoious. eRlt nd?-ra.T Chcnaedr-pis;te shop idrs, lrnorev Panrpoker.. Furnitre Deaers, nd othss 70TeLeasdee.winh ios feited oft captalandspatou lirinur remsesIloethrwitu h-Teexeigntr, Iriturs ad Bttlgr, drecly acig hentances andh miitabl and F ~ an ]Donr L2awhoUSEIn exelltient.- reaidoit fronages .1nywtverocWtee.ndCieeTAer-plAOeLte o willotdep adisSte it andel Tand cnarmicuareod Ie ntepeies*fMsr.-dua qand -Ce. ,Old cJnew -anofte ancteionresth unroOalog. plce,t Ofiew-od FitlmPaedte foLh onv enitence In Sale).-Clrno od awt MR . W. T BRACLEadwIA SEL byAUCTLIONF'~ hick-bniltUOU8ES. Iheinglomosouroad Clrendn.cad nrth Saywatr; hld n lair foer I ees, anlt- Wiblure,street rimiod-estet iy Hoseol uaitmron and Soz, Bof uveie stret,Flet-tret;andof heancdlcoser, 19 CoLLmnstet bYtyC- PRICE and CLARK 'will SEL bny.t NewJCIretoHd.aToTihensRoms a itabote, To-molrro, et,1, xiate F- tablsoad deks,at d nfin-rono mimil~Ano.. Haal- e viewed one asr arecdCing the tal, adndgcatalogusrtmaSt Cheatcry-laInane.ud ny-stryeetnimgl-Su.-Nia Househiold Furniture, Tw0or Paof fla MiLbivrEffean Efftts. MR CSRLE ONS J AE an 'WHIAl SELLL b~ TIO&U, on th mvhremitses, £5 huysodr, i1i9, IA THset11 EvIatN2Gra. ander ao Bheil-of sulejtHOUeamdr.OLD ,..j eMfEcLMa 'ABE vee h daELrevousy, andIO caaonueshad,' Aution-fices, il Motcosdb-street,ffSeughave-e DArc. peme thoweom-wored -To Lcne itales lsDalf rvt e of Baffmsbie ft'inmlle&and )others.- w.nbUkrk4-- three om- o bor. cut1IE a" Woeill6 SraaemLL aud ,,WtIoo-- srorrow,dsilesor, the STo.Cut inw TRADkE and ofErlFEkS of ba enGlas Ch:)ina Shop, oincluingan asotmernt fbeaet ot l'asenclare,nds- water aogs dcntMers, hotter isghesut, andeamews,axegtarybAsings, s.: tuml bler, andgo lets; abou 100 grettof meiiebtls iwlisfbduchiosdfumirrre fardbed-chambrs anexcerlous, nd vatirus AU-` he iewd, nd ntlrrg-ueshad onthe ormisey; andonlthe m-re- ofies 7 Chneyln. ..Atan lstevesate, ciytadatio ate--' quarter-pact, 191AmG, . . Ths vein.-prtcr twsio1ld untr.ToPanofortes, hIs.u Tksine ndAe Tomaedr Cor-ted C=asee an Gnea Pa. M -ESSES. JOI~ESand BONHAM willsEL and 4 AUb C Erf ON.rats their gareat Ioous,o IIad1, Llems4e c-r~srrt beocase, oo,cad, inig, nd ths~ abls, ldbear.1, fndoUow-ao Arxivan,tenh andli Hother bedsthed, clae.audmatteres.e,rpeoramdo - SsICnfgi taxtens.tietgaes and TCale Stoeck let reqiLtes oo! for foxj-- ni.bicga ansion. hewboheo view, adoatalogcant e .~ aaj1 oiearie f rich and costy attern, teakettles cuet, liqeuzr,.- mIarble in; vANSe, riChly cut-glSSM helueta.?ldAul ivory badletable cutlery, Ps4ier Macli goods in tea trays tables workioxee, writin-c kdesks, cabinets inlaid With pearls, &ad other vakluable items 1oo nuinrous to dtail, The whole on view thI da 111 e timaanetEleaj. ard cattalogrues to be had at the . ie -has bv : - I Qr-Iret.toD dbors fro m Hw anon-stretcty-huIfder il-2 cii.tua a Inludri twaov4 brlian-t i- - --cae0taepiooo(ogrM.V a kre lrm Bregwing Roo. m Suthe zooms evetdPle apts Irma anobl Outr (base Inusoe, PltedAwith, -des,and nferoo usIu awnd decoratvse the 1= ~ ~~ ~a rhe.Wteos.S. Qioetsap e,rit wtete ha enrdo.d oacr
