,Tn HArvEST ANe TM _sKHOUSES.-At the present mnoment the Worcest2er Union Workhouse contains hardly a single ableboclied, male inmate. The sudden and simultaneous riucuing of the-comn crops has created such a .deniend for lab6ur that the farmers-he at their.wits'ends to procure men. ...OnFriday, last two paupers belonging to the Worcester Union weore taken, betre. the 3!ayor ana inagistra~tes'of that .city foi refusig to leave the establishment when- woik 'ha -been found for them. It peareed that, in conseguence -ofiplications having bemae to the) guardians of the unhion by thre farniers for labourers to assist in getting, in their corn, the board issued-an order for the men to leave the workhouse, but they refused to do so mon the rnond that, they wer mechanics, and. not used to farm-work. 'One of them named Dovey, a belihanger, stood upoi ihis rights. "as a freeman of the it d dn fid labour. One of the gardians e poor en in te town who were come or port such men as the-defendant intnd magstrates sentenced him to 14 dabohe that tCOiS6rtedf,to 09600,Ofa3n' a st.i puXelatedir that in themeactime his child edoulcl be tcare of by the-onion authorities. -At the -weekldy mneeting of the guardians of the 'Worcester-Union oni the previous day only nine applic-ations for oat-doorileHef were made. TuB PuBLia- DxEB oF vi UNrrxn. STATsms. Througha the politeness of the Secretary of the. Treasur w have been permitted to exanmine the xreb, with the iccompanying documents, just-madeb bysf. Lg6er,2theltegiiatra of the- Treasur.y, in regardt-o te -cokdition-of theMpblic, debt of the Unirted States. The r=e ~ bears dateJuy3 1I56 and txhibffa a- caition of aair whinhrfet h highest. credita 4--thoskll. prudence, hh refaec r-th sightedness,oflCecretary g~tre hs lancwli lt. uniending integrity, -watchful fidelityr, and untirlng devo. tionwtho- groAt trusit confided to mim are kno6wn..to and nprc~tdbyaR lseasi of our citizens in every sectiou of. the Union . On the lst of'June1856, theototaldebt of the. Unit6d- States-~amounted- to SI0jp9,3 766 Sinbe -that *time'-this amount,has, been redned-to"$32~9g s2 & . thusi paid on Tekas. debt, 6 $6820,0616 7Zc,.t UniFtes stat,&_atoc-kr-~-e6ieaes a I --the mont of Juino to'th amount of $265,300. We obtain these. zgiur fromn the flirs sta-tement acempanig--.i.-Biggeeteot-.- Fromj his-second statement we make. uap, the .followsng table:-- Amnount ofUnited'State'stoek originaly issuedeD t-heloans of,. lS42 18437; I8461847; 1848, Iincludjig Texas debt and indemnimty,andthe.debtofcorpormtecitie $78,797,8168&I-.;, amaocnt redeemed up,to :larch 4; 1853, $7,142,369 74c : total :ountrede4ed $46,060254- 03o.amount now oqt: standing, $32,737,562 Oc. I -wil e seen from the above tablo tlhot si'nc' SecretAry -Guthrie has. been at the head of the Trem Depa±tmcnt nearly_$40,000,00 fthe public Adebt has. onl7y=beenpaid- off, .hut, -as wfi subsequently Iappear,-isy Mss sagausous .management ha has saved the rcountry:upivrda.of $14,000,000. Stftement third shows that,the intereit to maturity on this $3,917,899 29c. of - Iloansreaeemed.by.the Secentary amountsto$19,39,730 97c. ,Froij-thi mnuatb deducted $5-354,811 63.,,beingtho total amount ofpreimndnwetp.d hichwoiild Ieave as a !'net, gwyIug to tecony,yhssyemordepo,te e.norniosia u f$404993c. Y.Bge ocue hisreprt s fllos :"~Terehasbeen-n hnei h amount b old boned-and unfunde debssnete8ho .-Iby,18~, te dteof a former s aneet; and the amount . of te acs of22dof Jl 1846 ,9a d 28h f anuheary un,187 bons etimtedat$3,600000. At least half the aggreate aountis hield inF e.- sbDcn Unionl.
IAI4Y ,;-frZrGNCz. - - !' EASTER ' - A committeelhas been formed for seourIng the eiecEioni oE the Hon. E. T. Yorke, M.P., as chairman in thTeTom of !dr. D. Waddingbon, LP*, whO has -announed his inen. tion -to retire-after, the lnexe half-yearly -meeting on the 29Ehb, ins . WORTH-ll i ;-. i The-report of the directors- of this company states thatc they have-ag4,inthe satisfaction of reporfting-a coniderable increase in the -traffi receipts, -as wrl as a diminution in the worhing e?e onses. The rossreceipta for-iho half-year ending tbe 30th of Ju2ne amounted . to 811,8471., .and for the corresponding -period<of 1S55Ito 778,078b,- .showing-an1 increase of 33,769 T- oring expenses amounted to 4.372,068i.,;n4. foi- the cor±espbhdn period of 1855 to 382,4412,, shai 3 o:decreaseof 10,3731.,-which added to tleincrese of 33,^7694 makes the increase in- thenetraelpta 44,142, as. compared with the .corresponding period oL 355. The increase in the~ passenger traffl¢.-was 13,11014 in thie. gbbds'trAffi¢ 13,0374,' and in1 'the geurralftraffic- 8,5381. These resltsare the-more satisfaotorv'as the' dL rectors have-spared- no, expense iecessary to ainutnin the line and stock in .the best -condition, there being 5u- .inciased outlay on the- perninnen.wiysand works-of 7,2551.; and& the loco,motive and rolling,stock being:in ia Iii6heistate of efficincy than at. an-previous period. On the ot1ierhand, owing to the rise in-the -value of money, there.hasbeenap. increaseLin:theintere-t'!payable on thecompany's borrowed capital.; but, after' defrayimg this charge, the net profits are sufficient to admit'of an improved dividend, notwithstanding thb - inci-as6 ' the captal- entitled-to participate in-it, The balances on theo:3erwrickaund York- separate acaount# aftekr&rovidinglfor rents and ,pre-. ferenia eharges;-amount to 1IA,431L. and- 46,3161.' respectively; from which the diretors ecommend that dividends b pad !at - the rate of 4 per cent. per ainum on the, Berwick Ktock and aiire3, and'at the rate-of 24-p6r cent. r.annum-on the York stock aisdshares, thie' b3ian6eso0f S,7654 and 6,112.. becarried forwardiothecredit. eof the respects-accounts for the nuet hilf-year. On the eIdsrevenue account the onet profit accruing during the hlfyx amounts-to 22,25S., and the directors r-eommaen&d tat the full 4ividend fer,tne-.half-year. be paid upon the -whole-of the prefereree' tbares;-Thiswill abserb about 12,0361.,;aud leave 10,2211., Vhich-added to the balnee-of -45,861Z. frn lst half-yeatrwi Wm_ e56,0831. av.a.Wble for 'discharjng the arrears of dividends. "The litiation with. respecto p,,the. :Leeds preferebe shres his -at length tied by agreement-.the -preference shareholders being: adriitted,- in 'ccordiance with 'the decisio of' the- Cc--of T Chahinc,y tQ- be entited-.to their pre[ference #nd to the arears.of di6idenda the co*s of the cit- tobe pad`bythe Leedssection of prniiitors, and a-sum not etoe&1ing 1,500L. to be alloieid toirards-the-Pailiamen-tary and~incidenital cxpcs_oft.¢*wrgna.l- da olders The 'ditore3 recommend tit tbiis emant be confirmed, :andthat,tbe whole of th'araa --upon - thc a' er- =eS the etesi,ons 1848, isad the first -iiFae .f-te -prefereuce~ fiftlis, 4buntif in all . toJA5,830 bo,Vlie ngw -paid. Ther s 5upon -tfh`'econd -issU of'the fift}h slhFssre amount :toJ 21,3487.- -Tand'the.' directors' .propose that .they be authornzed-,t pay these to the, xxtent of 7,0074;, -which'-wiJ leave~a bafa=cd 'nli handd. of , 24,5- toc eet-thec above-mentioned expensei -By this' angenent. 17s. per lare,-amounting:n t,he rwhole'to. -14,3414, slltill jemam'toob` Lpidto-that class of pro.prictors. Uegetiatienshaf-ien'carnmnced with :viecw tDo ame permaneat--ement, with the Aire and-Calder lNaVigation'Compniy. These negotiations uive been coudi fited a r zin friendly spirit, and Ahould theydfortn-; nat,eiyreult ii . -the_'adbjion.:e osomo iracticable scheme th6 subjtct will be specially brought before -the pro-. .rietors for their santon and approval_. The Aucland- ,hewortsh%vi-ng been unYoidWAb delayed,by some eitem- ve pnusi ,the mbknIcqntits The wo,rs, at the Jarrow. D)ocks r, in fell opeaioni, Tme- constrnction of,the Dearness Valley- Wlwa;3l d tbei n roceededawith 3and -the :dirctorstrecommenid that they, shorid be authorized to' - app' to tarLiiinnet alt the farnt convenient opporunity to --obtan ihe po.e2rs ,Ulhi3 einpanyto suibrAcribe tiowards tbis.urdertaig the sum of -15;00, as4' yted by *thfi generk mneeting.-of the 23d of-Allus 1855. .The caitl. acount showrs that 8,O75,7864on the B~ick, hares, 3,t)72,772Z. on- the YTork tars. 1,810,4354 'on thez -Leeds stock, asnd 1.59,801. o.n.the- Malton Wad Driffleld. laM bee; received; -anikintoSether- 14'018,7654- rThe~ rrers on abaree amou,t to iiil,8594,; asd- the 'amount strnllto hl,'Tesi the su $d ina dvanoee to 9 07,664 aaiaklga'tohta1darepi csite,if thiaenued shreas were naid u'. :of 10,1Y8,95. The*entuhre aecount slies :hat5,$6,54il, .hsd bceer. raised to the 30th of unue -on the WorthXae -Rivi4iw, 1,5004on the irredeemable 4%er cent. debentuee stoc3k. -243a151'4rlnthe Hull atid Sclby alwary,- 32,5. on ,the Hatl.bpool Dock, a^nd, Itsilway, and:the Vlarne;-and '- pree The uic li.- amounted to 31,- j; i.l theYork Dia to- 5,877,717&, on thi- leds li Ai.s ,65662181,: on. ; Via Xalds as Driffield to'33 051Oi74A = %W6 ,isizig OD*I i t bolitel i the ccmpay. ; Thucre gelerdrevenoe waccout for the halfryear'e-dipiqZi SO J ore -fkaif. 811,8471. hAL been reeeiys in. inuding 284,229foL , m ., 52%DS!. foe'godsj. c2 and in ner*ls W,22 for rent* ad 2S. for. rLIader f6l- h wr" -xe avsaovitid te6.372,VGS ineh*A ig9,I501.forwary., Z . for Goernment dYty, an 15,8G7 rates an dtazes, leatvnr-t9 t king of 439,7-91 to be divid ed 0 01 -ismg e amadgrtaated- oom . 11i 3=Ein Dlil heAdam takel h- kand Xaiton, 589L8.,th Berwilk lines Take 9, or 571pet. e maiMder; thxe Thrki,-144,036, o 32 9 per cent., -u s the hLeds, 3,T808l;- or 10 perCeti - c et7 -eal :. .MIalt d -Ds'iiel4linamonite to3,838. for thie al.f-year, tr beidteproL of3st" ht1 in84-' Theis receiptb or the Thirik mA ilimt:oud tD- -a the apeeae. to 2,49*0L , lManD g £ blance of 1,17., hichis dndd, ccordiigtoag mcoenntsgltbetween the orshenr and Ciaturn and the T ri an .Malton proprietors;'2 '- -- - - ;;- -: 4h sh&BfH6A1DeiATinTE diThhlfyal etnofti onnwa hez, : l ld ocFyi! ofOuenceiFtreooitrcto Ofint in decreet-arbitralprononcdbyrthearbteri, te Uhliatob. mition, the diorcnudo- itprop-er tocom the Mce7reetarbitral, d t e .the contractors he diareco-renwd -the.l 'eof-the' debentire debton teims as ao lif tausodldees in of,fofeitere tthotye in asr of prersous olw, of: themucvetnoh 'bee, . pd p neyhadm blel= .Th&irectrrs Secoinmwd a dvinde datine rw of-5suta Tal o he half-ya .Yea eIndedn' o the prAAt orf wuly last unde -de4lction oflnconsetax - * -~;-K---: -Hull on Saturdaytion ., Tattle trpd tea contrior pha:n branheL reau d abou report fore thenth .arbiter had awarded them,andithat They werenoinmeeint tox dicethie dbyeasbitzL. wThe ioneyiladxbeeh od,ee in bank pending the dispute, ~Th company were . tdewioI further 'obligations.- The diretr, wxho ad formerly -got ! noney.at&i tper-ent.,hdltl been relctntly forced-to borrowi t 5 percoent, being the .best'terms theyooixd oh.- fain-- The-a--bTrroI e 9d;So c for to year at that Flrate, and 12s. - 4.dfor one yearh f h.--u- -'~12 10 The reporicas a sdoptedand the dicidcno decbarea. - The meepfng - then a p wateold.h-:: ib;.. -Ul . H D:-DSELBY.- . The -iAm-yearlynete of theipt_ rsaesite Ldat. Eull on Saturday.; Xr. 1. qTottie oonupsed tbe chair. il wit thf ocz g,mtheeicretm, read the report for Thial!'eur. dendngune 30,-1 * 'wrhich showed& blnce oF at2. to The credit of the company,ater the income- xK ithlsittedeA by: osthe-:l Memo -wh- hQL - be oud,ras dreducte2- andoptod,ioDmnd and thtuh _rn BOWEb tec-ded fh6 m on each of-the whole. -r 50U shares; ofill, 4s. 9df ti each ef thehalfor25l. uhares; nd i 12y . - 4d. On eacE.of the.uarteroy 121. lOs. shares, from which, ia5 zasu, theincone-arolild betacen, and a surplus of about 3001.-.would-.then renisin in hand -aThe f stated thatnw theyhadreceivclthte rent with thesame punctna1ite is3thevldslwdaylc experienced t the hands ofEthe ls andthat it- rould b3 edstribute2 withfaslittle del t as &posiieR. .e moved,- tr- " thatSthevreport of .che directors and statementof n- counts be received and rdopted, and that tne dividends - mentionsd thereat be declared." - -jut BoWs secondeduthe fnsotifn, and it wan carried un unmously. .--- : Atvowof thanksas acoordedosthe haeirman and dis.ctofs, and fThe meting separa- - . - Gloceiter OlTlWL, to5uhm e~b-lihte p1rD S tIdiMPtwoN - The -romoters of this. scheme. propose to- coantruct- railty. fromtnhe GretWettoruBu-lway eitioldb tBrdstod , m'fd l-ordeld, 3'ilton, andAlsnends7ury, to the new_ bassage enil the Severn, over which pasceng s and goods are to be conveyed on Loatg Meamn-.bridgetAto a pier and short raily on the udonmonthiaire y ide of the` river, completing a dunctionrsthe 3Sout1hdV%esPail,y shortdistancefros Cheptowt. Thes object of the prooosedr.nder.ading is. to cut off the existinglong circuit byiiilwy fro ristol, iie Glocenter, to Sou ti wales, bywhich the present t disteno fromn Bristolrorwto.-et will be reduced f rom 82diles o'2 mniles,* thus savingsa distance of 56mriles.- The distance frm. tardiff tow-Sonthaipton sium the propo,ead. onte, and the Great2WlesternRalilway to Salisbury, would bgrducedfrom l18 minlesto 4111 miols abei e70iwilashorter tihn sy.=e disting route.l The ti.ated cost oef: the undersaren= is 300,0t o., a2d:the -net receipts hfom-trafflc 3z,210p ,g 13oI percent. T Ihwtotalle bg raiway and stean brede tfromtBrfstolrtohe Sow-,ut nes.tilwaywoudhbe aboth-14 tricts o ot. -ae; anE .p i.T -d 'r this -IAIDLOBS-AND 1^BWTO'Wl - On Satm dai the alf-nenitr eetin of this comany w.as heid.at Blanidloes. 1&r. S. lWlshaley, ebcsirmon of tha directors, presided.:'5- .: - -- Thie Secretarya fr. ficorang withrd) read the directorL " repor', It stted that the wortstereprocping -to-the enture lsatifctoand d f the direetors, and they confideuty aoaedtforwardsto'g d opening ef tele fom-aidloeg to Penstrowedearly next summier, ad to the completion of tho maon o I lesownso2 d ft he wids,. The calls made duringthal half-itr amountedt2..per share, Jnale. the tothl payments Y; per shc re.o- I b .aa proposed to-es over 2months. Anaienddachdbeobta-in6duin thelasti sesaion diy wthic a coniderable sa tingwo rl effected in the oast of the uors-s. The report then referrel to-the efforts 21n0ow tm lado-vconnect- -anchester andlthe l wigth Mwfordhaven and the ports and minteal distrcts of South-Wales,- anda Llrnedothe denira-ilityof this cormpany, inwcunlnction-withy tht other lies interested,b niterig into. a trafic arangement ith the propoted Idndovery lne, so~astolailiXtatets-constrction. - -The ngineerfs report- t-h t the pripal cuin betwreen bentiloe aMdIlancdinan weredcompleted, and the ballasting was being-laid for-the rails.- -The CmtlISrM in movig the ado tion 'of the- reportreerred at length to the proposed tra&c arrngement wit. -the .Andovery line. The principle of it was -thiC-suF posing the conveyancefthrouxhgoods over hishinewa chargedld. per ton per mhile, ithwasproposed botra-ch - '~hoILlaovery Companymore.than-half that sum (lrhich wrould berather over the ~ctua1 cost of conveyrnce to this company, nless 'the dividend. of -.the iandover- line reachedh.ve per ceTr.: This wonidnot .in.any.y interfer with the local traffic, which-wold be paidforntlull rates. * ir: Eorsu, a director,- secondedKtho. resolution, and, -after aprotracted discussion, :the report wai3 aopte ;-. .- - It dsenpLained,in- the corse ofthenroceedins, that the line from llanaidloes t ian Idovery wo9ldbg 40 iles length, and, 'with -the exception of a tunnel three-quartes of -a . mlce in extent at the I;andovery end -of -the iRne, the wrorks wvould be comiartivel;7 -light, and the line could be made foi- 7,000L. a-susie. Tins bun sapplied, the commntnicatios, betwtecn hlschesier -andlilIford wvould be conmplete, p - : -- .'_ .. - ROALB YRE R - A scheme to open out the Rothbury distict bvyaraliway '>rahtcVl o uc-oji the 2North-Eastemnat -the .Aekington staion, ha3 been r-evived. AmN:eetinghas beenheld&atliorpeth in avour-oef t; pro,cst, .x The j- bitants at AIwc r ^n that- the point of departur should he-rom othat town. . The Iandowners approve of It pro .ec B. n - : -. . ' - - 2 . - T RAFFIC BBTUB'S. - - - d BlizWoe, an . =4rie, A----Pa. 9 h -o0 t4 01- Tota. MuUChk licwsss Auge. ens.12 ndas 112 0. it55A . 'Week ending Jul19. . '- 13 - *GrandTn,kof Canada.. 5Si, j1 .. 279L . m . 5,405 .. 441 Week ending nuguMs Au. - k Gtwtem:of andas.33. Aug .. -, 2760 ..-T,1 .- 5.693 - - IRISHItAILWA:Z BliT:S. --- - - -iou 1856. - 1 i. ---- NatneofZaher. - . s . d, t V ~IiuBalyeUna,iBnnevL.9 ........... .. 1,22913 9 .... ..78}5 3 dbdiataidCcurlISAg.1 -.,-i---352 9 8 14S 7 0eckande7.dnn. Aug- 9.-. . -52- 21 3 -215 33-2> *3.c k , andPsc, Angd.9 2e0A og4 . -27 1T 1 Dla'andEiigatbwn. Au. 12 .-' --1,27031 1- -3 i 09 1 3- Deb1uasdWicklcw,Aumg.12 . -............ - f 0512 4 i- 4214 3 -DBtaaefastJinction, Augi.-10O 1,183......... IS14 9 ..1,10613 E -InmSton?anian'Brsneh - ..- .. l18513 V.- Mt9 03 DnblIx?an4Deda,Acg lP.................. 1.80 :711 - I,56 7 Dualk ni u. 10 . 40i-2 . . 3 ~atSeu m dWesem,ug.l) .- 0406 1411 .. 7,8417 8 IbEont.atesms,Augt. .9i- v -t 291111 ..:.sslstls1h11auyncUc, iLng.S;.. .. 4171032.94S60e o lwi4deandEnaldhI,Aus'. S - 2015 9-.i 61412 o- Lcdndeasr and. Ceieis4 AugS .* 421 lO 11 *-. )8 S31Q -. '1c xFd 3ynes, Aug. 9 :.. .-68 o n. - . _ *- .i~ etW euln Aug. 10 -.. 3,23414 5 -. am2,95 Fiur Aeg. 1 ..... ..1,. 403 6 3 -... 1,3291410 Wae-Jo ulX.:ilkenny. Ann .. 47717 -.,: 314 z--ft Wst*edad Lmcisk.'Ang. 9 .. . '13 1 3 .. 81,91 z0. W*fatecdadTraines Au f3* 1 o0 .. ,1s2 3 3
LONDO2X, TONDA Y, AUGUST 18, 156. NTothing reminds us ho-v much our society differs from that of the Continent, and even from the Ergland. of past times, more than the accounts of secret a=ociations which now and then reach us from abroad. In the present day an organization for overthrowing the British Government is a thing of which we not only cannot suspect, but can hardly conceive, the existence. The want produced by a bad hiarvest or a flat season may cause its "a-trikea-" or its local riots, but the very fact that such movements receive the public attention for months is enough to show how free the body politic is from any settled and 1i cret malady. Contrast with English society the present state of France, as revealed in the intelligence lately Teceived from Paris. Externally the greaJt nation with which we are allied possesses, like us, peace and prosperity. Enterprises of all kiulds for material improvement are sprintin up in ii3 capital and large town. There is no lack of demand for those tasteful manufactes of which it has the monopoly in the markets of the 'world. The Sovereign has conquered a pesition in Europe, nnd receive3 the homage both of friends and opponeIntz. The most eager appetite for national glory must be appeased by the evenuts of the late -war. Franac IsB again proved her claim to stand fret among tihe military Powers of Europe. If we -;Sought to imagine circumstances which shonuld produce content in a people -we could hardly fx on anything more favourable than the presen-t condition of France,-pro3perous, honoured, wise in the experience of mnmy political changes, with a great mission before her, and conscious of ability to fulfil the highest ezpedtations of the world. Yet we learn that this -community is pervaded throughouat by: secret societies,- their - -eb5ezt -ein 'th' ao3tiu-- tionof all'that has-been established, and the reconstruction ,of every institution in' accordance with theories That have hitherto proved fruitful of nothing but anachy and bloodsh.ed. Some tirie since it was stated how certain deparLments of France, were especially imbued with Commnisistic doctrines how the piinciplea -of .the iSoc'ialist 'writers were canied up and down .the great rivers and the chief roads of the country by the class of men whose occupationsztake 'tliei fromplac to place among a community wshich is stationary to a much greater degree than in Englanad. -The Society of the Marian-re may- owe itws success to the ardent propagation of such men., The West and South of 'France seem to~ be. the chief scenes of its 'operations, for, unlike most of the associations ,which have' iitherto influenceI the country, it is not Parisian in origin, and it does not appear to have yet affiliated.mnay of -the working classes in the -capital. The; faarianne mn origin and organization is the worlkof the provincial artisans, labourers, and peasants. - The hardy worle±s in metal and stone throughout the country seem to be its supporters, and even more devoted to the cause than weavers and vinegrowers. -Lon-- founders, tin-workers, quarriers, together with all the race of bargemen and boatifien, are deeply implicated; "the manufaturing t-owns. on the Loire, "the Rhone, and the Saoxe, besides various manu"facturing centres im- the North, East,. and "South, are incorporated in the Mmianne, or at "least closely connected with it." Its principles may be well imagined. ThebDemocratic and-SocialRepub lie for the end; for the means, anything that may be neccisary. A system of oaths, of implicit obedience, of secrecy enforced by threat3 of the deadliest vengeance, is, of course, the m3ainspring of its mnachinery. The obstacles to its ends may be ! removed by any crime, and the neophytes are instructed to forget frier.ds, family, and even their own safety, at the bidding of the secret central authority. . This society, it is siaid, has now, talken root ,throughout the greater part of France. We do not, indeed, look upon its doings with the trepidation of some old-time politicians, nor do we think that its -existence cares to the Government in Paris the-larm that mght le naturally looked for. These great organizations are, indeed, too unwieldy to effect much. _ They represent more the wiide diffusion of unhealthy- feeling than the mnachinery of any definite movement. - It is not likely that the 6ranid Mfaster of the Marianne will carry out ' Irough lis hierarchy any active plan of revolt. In the first place, these secret so-cieties have no secrets fromn the police. With much solemnity of initiation and a great apparatus of signals and passwords, there -is really little that the youngest disciple does not kiow. Ie -learns that- the society is to promot-e insurrection when the time shall come, and the chiefs themselves Inor- little more.: Out of these thousands of afllliated- labourers and peasants there are, of course,- many povertystricken -wretches in secret communication With the prefects-- and their officers. The police knot all that happens, and possibly not seldom urge on ovezt acts when the time has come for a decisive blow. Of two generations of Frenchmen vast numbers have spent their lives in conspiring, and yet conspiracies have -not overthrown any of the Governments of France. They may have been the expressions of that public feeling which caused revolutions, but activelyarnd immediately they have effected nothing. CHAnsrs X. fell by acts of outrageous tyranny and folly, which raised his capital, both bottrgeoisie an workmen, against him. Louis Pmxrprn threw away his crown by indecision at a moment when a word could have saved him. Secret societies could neither overthrow CAvrAG?Lic nor prevent the successive elections of Louis NAPOELON to the highes place in the State. There is therefore, perh3ps, no reason- to fear a rising from the wide-spread association we have described. Its members --will long -continue to declaim in secret,, to exhort one another,: to drink together, to organize- and reorganize with much minuteness of detail, but action will always be deferred to the favourable opportunity, 'which, in the opinion of the chiefs, will never have arrived. Ye?t the existence of the Marianne is not less a gloomy portent. It shows what Frnce stil ishow far -distant may be the term which is to close the period of revolations. We have had in this kdngdom something resembling these associations. The Ribandmen of Ireland were banded together against the law, and the Irish peasantry, depraved by ill-treatment and the bad advice of their own guides, shrank from no crime. The annals of the Iiband confederaey are even bloodier than those of continental conspiracies, for the Irish wasted no time in planning and theorizing, but carried out actively their principles of armad resistance and assassination. Yet since the rising of '98 the State can never be said to havebeen directly endangered. The evil lay in the| presence of this moral cancer, eating away the strength and morality of the country, and so it is I in France at the present day. , The Marianvyn may never muster its hordes for a march on Paris, but as long as it exists, as long as tens of thousands are leagued toether even by a theory of murder and -pillage, the land can have no peace. France must be always, as it were, in a state of siege. Property must rely on force. for its protection, and force is inconsistent with 'the development of a truly liberal form of governnment. Whatevermaybe the origin of these societies -whether it be the actual distress of the poor, or the L=wanranted hopes they have conceived from the teachings of a false philosophy, or merely a morbid love of plotting and mystery which leads its subjects to conspire always and everywhere. with or without reason. the result iu the aame. They excuse if they do not require any rigour of militiry rule. The first lobjeces of aociety are the preservation of life and property. Even liberty must be held subordinate to safety, and liberty of person and of speech is incompatible vith the prevalence of such societies as that of the Marianme.
Social reforms are advancing in India. It is now iearly SO years since the Suttee system was abolished; but when the Bindoo wiaow was forbidden to burn herself a vestige of the ban under wbich she was placed was still left in the prohibitionL against a second marriage. This now is to be removed, and an attempt is also to be made to modify the systnem of polygamy in India, so far,' at least, as only to allow another marriage when the first wife has not presented her. husband with the first dersderat2un of Eindoo law -a son. Allthisisratherin the teeth of some maxims and prophecies of old Leadenhall-street arthority., It hias been always said,-" Don"v maedaie " with the superstitions of the Hindoos, it is all up "c with ' our empire if yor do; that is their "tender part. The whole population wil rise "up to a man against- you: the moment "you interfera with their religious customs." lTo matter, t:en, how cruel, base, or hideou3 a custom it was, 'lo populbr superstition was to be touched. It was Hindoo superstition, and therefore, ipso f=to, iremedfiable, -nchangeable, and eternal as the -worla. The Leadenhallstreet Nanichean, who believed a great deal more in evil than he cUd in good, anad thouAxt the Devil much the most po-viernal beirg in tho universe, s1hut his eyes as JuaoOWsuuT pamed, anad looked away from Vie Suttee pile; he thought them disagreeable-, spectaclesj tut unalterable as' fate he- could -not 'for years heat, of y in- terference with them. - Ei inner. soul bowea before the ido4land ackn'owledged him as the god Gf India : and, though 7 public - opion in- this country gradually forced himh- to modify his creed and suppress- the -most ravolting- rites, 'he is still but hal_ f psd -is -fuU of apprehenasions. at 'the least -invasion of a idoo custom. But now -what appears, in point of fact, to -be the truth on this question? Were the -tudoo wiaows so fond of- being burnt t It would seemnot; atleast, 'they bore vey 'quietly the probibition of the Suttee system, and did not grumble violently at being obliged to live. Thei now appear to receive the- permission to marry again without loud renionstran¢e ; so far, at least, as we may judge from the nu uber of petitions 'for and against this change of lindoo law, which has been nearly equal--a fact which tells considerably against the asserted unchangeableness of Eindoo ideas. It' was said before railways were made in India-that 'they 'would be useless, because those of different caste would never consent to travel . -together; but that prophecy has been falsified by the fact, "for they all travel together, 'and even perform .their pilgrimages by train. Our' Hindoo policy, -indeed, has been the very extravagance of caution and the very fanaticism of tolerance, for it has been more cautious and' more tolerant th;an even -the ixndoos themselves wanted. Even the Rindoo has at last protested against the super-Hindoo bigotry of our Indian officials, has come forward to convert Leadenhall-street to Christianity, and to remind Englishmen, that they need not be more orthodox Mussubians and Hindoos than the Xussulmins and Bindoos themselves. We hail this auspicious turning of the tables, and, though it is not very creditable to us that, driven from its native region and home, the orthodox Rindoo creed should find its last refuge and support in an English circle, we can still congratulate India herself upon the change, sand look hopefully- upon the dawn 'of comrmon sense and reason now beginning in her horizon. Why should it, indeed, be absollitely impossible that Hindoos should ever rise to the height of common sense and reason? Their nature' is the same aPs that of the rest of mankind, and,: if so, there must always be, however suppressed and suffocated by the weic,ht of a dominant superstitibn, a tendency in the- Hindoo mind towards a rational view of things; and, though persecution and violence only -wed men, by a law of nature, the More strAongly to those religious ideas which have obtained hold of themn, the sight of the results of another and a better system, its adaptation to human wants, power of expansion, endlefa resources and appliances-the actuaal view, we say, of a system so much more natural and obviously expedient than -their own eannot, we hope, but gradually tell upon intelligent Hindoos. We know it is difficult to caleulate the power of a vile suprsition, which in proportion to its baseness has often"the ighter hold, and Leeps down with a diabolical force of pressure the first rise of rational ideas in -the minds of its disciples. The miserable poVerty,--the feebleness of the human mind thrown upon itself for a struggle tith a dominant superstition, has been in all ages the pity of a vwise and the scorn of a proud philosophy. Yet the constant presence of facts ontherational side af the case, the perpetual memento, the unceasing appealfromths visibleandsolid instructrs, hasalso Its weight and i cudence. After all, there is some- - Mhing in human'nature which witnesses against a vile supertition,'- at ans something which does not harmonize witl-it, or bring out its resources. A mnorbid piety will sustain and fight for a system of self-torture, and we do not doubt that many an I orthodo2RHihaoo saWv_ith inexpressible -grief-the 1 end of Ithe Suttee system. That widows should bumn themselves was part of the religion of false self-sacrifice in which he was born, and he identi- fied it with every principle of piety in his ind.| But, though a false religion enfeebles and prostrates the miiids of 'its devotees, and suppresses the first rise of counter-ideas as so much simple atheism,: it is astonishing how much one gret effort at self-relief can achieve. One great effort has before now thrown off' with a rational! violence the whole pressure of a false system upon the mind, with its absurd'belief and cruel ordinances, its ridiculous prohibitions and empty rites; and, though the picture which the Ioma-a poet drew of religion as the parent of abominations -soeerosa atte impia fatast,-and the scourge of the world, applies with too strict truth to India, over which she certainly lowers terrifically,- "Q-Ue caput a cceli regieahbus ostendeab. "HlorribiHi super aspecti- mortaLiibus insts," -though Indian religion -has shown hitherto all the diabolical strength whieh religions of. false self-sacrifice have, from the fact that they do, though in a mean and base -manner, exereise the religious principle in human nature, still no reason is apparent -why we should think evil eternal and omnipotent in India, as the Leadenhallstreet creed has hitherto inculcated. The present 'movement among the natives in' the direction of social reform, and reform- intimately connected with the department of religion, seems to slhow an element of reason at work -in the Mndoo mind, and reads usa lesson againstthe excessivelyreligious timidity of our Indian policy. -
Having now had more than.enough. of scientific opinions and technical talk vith regard to West-' minster-bridge, suppose that we indulge in a little common sense and plainx English. Amiid questions raised, calculations made, olbections urged, and explanations offered, the point~ at issue is almost forgotten.-- The- entire history of the- London bridges has been recapitulated, and all the future necessities of our traffic across the river have been canvassed, as if there was not a bridge in existence, and the banlks were " all- before us where "to choose." In addition to these irrelevant discussions, we are assailed with the opinions of eggineers against which there would be no appeal, were they not so conflicting as in the total result to be quite nugatory. In the midst of this hubbub of idle talk andprQiessional jangling, lit is overlooked that the auestion lies ia a nutshell, and that there is an absolute necessity of an immediate decision. If the case is only stated fairly and clearly, we are convinced -that unprejudicedI minds will have no difficIty in dealing, with it. The present bridge at Westminster is not only dilapidatl and:unsafe, but -it is -ar too narrow for the traffic that passes over it, and which renders it second only to London-bridge in importance. In planning a substitute, therefore, it was necessary to provide, first of all, that the traffic, already too much clogged, - should be& in nowise further interrupted, and, next, that the new bridge should be erected with the utmost possible rapidity. The recognition of these objects entailed as a result that Westminster-bridge should never be closed. Too narrow as it iis, the inconvenience of closing it altogether wouldd. have been intolerable for however shortra period. 'The new bridge, therefore, on the site of the existig one wasto be double itsvwidth, the addition beingentirely on one side (the Chelsea side), with' a view to the completion of that half before the removal of the rickety old striuicture,' ,while, on that being removed, the other side was to be built on the same principle. Inthisway.it was coatemplate that there woiuldbe ;110suspension of traffic, :-thit the woikis would be very rapidly completed, ad -that thers wouild tlen be alost ample thoroughfare, with inagnificent approaches on either aide.of the `iver. -To adapt the .bridge to the exig eeies of iSuch a scheme, and to insure greater rapidity of coitriction,. it was deemed essential to make we. bf. iron, in. the manipulation of which material the -most remarlable improvements have recently been mae. Trch is destined to assume a most important place in architecture, and, With regard to. bridges especially, surely, after that tubular bridge which is the marvel of the world, the use of anything but iron in these structures is ali anacionjsm. But, however this be, it must be palpable that only by the -adoption of this. material could the objects which 'were contemplated be attained. The plans were mist carefully considered, acl& were conceived with reference mot only to the. difficulties of construction,.but alsotothe arehitectiral necessities of. the ieighbourhood. ARl ,as arged,athe contracts were-made, the work was begun, - and one-half of the brid4e should soon have been ready. 'Scarc'ey, however, hLa -O,UOOO. been spent on - it, and well spent, as thie committee say;s, when the 'contractor failed, and'.the wvorks came Io a standstill.' It seems to us that on such an'occarrence taking place the obvifous coursi would have - been to pat up the remainder of the contract to public competition, -and to get.on with' the biiildini as fast as possibie. Instead of this, however, a new' whim stcs: some people in power,. and, to the stuitification of all previous discussions and aims, -to t'ne sacrifice of everything that had been so far accomplished, and f6- the perpetuation of the public inconveniende for aan indefinite period, the project of a new bridge.it. anewpoint isstared,ewhile althis time the works are stopped,the iotten ol. bridgeia becoming more and more incapable every day, and the traflic is continually increasing. Observe the absurdity of the whole proceeding. The proposal is to build a nbw bridge between the: Horseferry ana 1ambeth Paiace. . This Vill occupy, five years, and then, at the end of that period, we are invited to shut up Westminsterbridge and rebuild it on a principle that quite ignores the works now in progress, this reconstruction being .calculated to occupy five years mnore. So that we are not to have a-new bridge at Westm-inster for ten years, during five of which the' coimunication is to be entirely stopped, save by a circuitous route that leads up beyond the Archbishop's Palace on the one side, and almost to the Penitentiary on the other. The C=rErCOSrSSIO2,JR ofWoREs would preserve to us tliis nuisance of the present bridge in. all its decrepitude for five years longer, and afqe. that shut it up for five- more. There is something sublime in the audacity of such a proposal, and all that we care to say i-the thing is impossible. As if aware that the scheme would 3iot be listened to for one moment, and as if to coax the public -into ultinate acquiescence, MJfessrs. ruENDELL and SIpaPox,i who are the advisers of the Government in this matter, suggest that there might be a temporary bridge erected at the Borseferry in the meantime, and that Westminster-bridge rmight be pulled down at once, its substitute to be ready five years hence. Neither will this do. Five years is a long period-a period in which a tradesman's fortuiae 'iay be made or marred; and, while it would be a hardship in any case for those who live in' the neighbourhood that the bridge should be closed for so great a length of time, it is doubly a hardship seeing that the Government- of their. own free will have given a guarantee: to -tho public that there would be no interfierence with the coimnunication. We therefore entirely sympathize in the disgugs of the inhabitants of Lambeth, who are now remonstrating against the injustice with which they in particular are treated,. the indifference with which the requirements of the public in, genral have been considered, the prodigality with which vast sums of mnoney ate iroposedtobe squandered, and the imbecility -with which the; Government drifts from plan to plan without knowing why or wherefore, notwithstanding volumes of evidence. If it is possible to improve the present plans, let them be improved; but we beg to repeat that Westminsterbfidge must be rebuiltwithout delay an;dwlithout interruption of traffic. According to the original plans, there would be no such interruption, and were the works to proceed at once, one side would be opened in a year and a-half. Messrs. RmEm= and Snrnsoz; however, declare that they cannot proceed because the foundations are unsafe, and the permane.ney of the new bridge would be endangered. In ordinary circumstances, it would be presumption on our part to say one word in opposition to a professional opinion of this kind. We rnust ob-serve, however, on the present ocasion, that not only do doctors - disagree, and necessarily thezefore it is for the public to decide between them, but the statements of Messrs. Rr_NxD= anI SDrPsow are so strong that it is really out of the question for us to accept them milicitly. They declare that it is impossible to build a durmble bridge across the Thames on "' any plan which does not " comprise solid -stone piers aucd abutments, "carried down 'deep into the London clay." They declare further that, even if it were possible to erect: a bridge on such foundations as have been selected for the one at Westminster --namely, piles and concrete I i an immense castiron casin,-it would be impossible to do so without the aid of cofferdanis. Now, we ore aecustomed to scepticism of this lind. These statements are so strong that they remind us of nothing so much as the scoffs with which the idea of steaming across the Atlantic was first greeted, or the incredulity with which the idea of the Britannia-bridge was first received. Pernanency; after all, is a'comparative term, and, rigidly speaking,, no bridge built across the. Thames can remain long without some signs of decay. We cannot expect perfection; we are not going to build 'bridges on. whiich not onty the ;Riewv Zealander of Mfr. MicAUJ&v is to stand, but also savages in epochs incalcuIably more remote, to ga7e upon the cZTihis that we have left. It is enough if the bridge presents a reasonable prospect of permranence, and we really do not see that stones are the only things that will hold together in masses in a river. There is. a & rbnO facie case in favour of masses of iron rivetted together, which it wffil require more evidence than we have yet seen to disturb.
* COUBT CIRCUWA& OSBORNE, AVG. 17. Tho Queen and Prince, the Prince of Wales, Prince Arthur, the Princess-Royal, and PrincessAiUce, attended by the Iadies and Gentlemen in Waiting, left theb olyaclht i Plymouth harbour at %-quarte: past 9 o'dlook on Fziday morning, and landed at the Royal victualling-rd, where Her Maijesty was met by the Port-Admiral. Sir W..Paler; the Lieutenant-Governor, Major-General Eden; the RarAdmiral Snperintendent, Sir J. Plumridpe ; and tho aithorities of the victualling-yard. Her _Wajesty prooeeded to the South Devon Railway station, escorted by' a party of Artillery, At Exeter the mayor and corporation presented an address. Her Majesty, having left the train at Salisbury, was received by the mayor and corporation aind the Right Hon. Sidney and Mrs. Herbert. - The Queen and Royal party partook of. Innbeon at the White Hart'fotel, and afterwards proceeded to the Cathedral, w.here the dean andcanonswere in attendance. Hier Mlajesty then -lroceeded by tbe South-Western H1i1l-way to Southampto, and embarksed there in the Royal yacht Elfin, and amrried 3t Osborno. at a-quarter before 7 The Hon. Emily C3thca~rt has aucceseded the Hou, Beatrice Byng, as Maid.of Honour in Waiting. Deslpatches were sent from ntbe Colonial-office on Faturdar to4he Governor of Gibraltar 'd to. b Gteriosr of the West India lalands.
- : I -THE CRYSTAL PIAZAc. The whole system of waterworis at the iral Paace was again di pLyed on Saturdy. The weather w55 upon -the wbole favonrable;thongh iot .ilI- thafcoadbwe Si,oed, there being a little too rnaLci wind,- and~ a. total absence of sunlight, upon yrhich, with calin, the -e,adbition depends for its full effect. Some 9,OOO people iere present to'witnes tbh spectacle, ]a `snilln}nbe r compired with that.which it ttatel on previdis occasibns, blut attiitibli to the ralsiuistr complete thandonmseri of- Louda on at this season of the yeasr byperos woitwhseanis and leisure at theircommanuf. *Bortunatedynst as thE display began the wind,. rhielh was fromt -the l.Ec, ansd cold; slightly abated, ansd, bnt for theV wan ofe sunlight, we do noS know $haxt itwa ever sean to greater advantage he grand foui iihe lower basins rushed upwards to almost their. Iul1 altitude befox*tbey wre broken intoh eay,; and the ininerable jefts rcadu with ; which they are iurroinded . played thonuglapt -with'I tie greaest Tigour Ino all their beautyanddiversity of d.Agn- The displascomnmenced ast balfE-mst 4 o'clock and Iaste- hUalf- an hour. Tllhe gr eate-r partof the compay iasmsal, itnes3ed it-from the more eleratWd portUons of t-he plate;a separting the lower bauns from the part of the grounds iasigued to the ex.bibition of the extLnet znlwxs, - 'and, from -the Adiaaent terraee and iloping banks,-4nd nothing seemed't detriact irom their en. joyment-buf the col ind into which the suxmer beat of the previous pat of the day suddenmly subsided.
NATIONAL GA Y.-On ZSaturdays last some Italian pictures ivere placed -in the roomu in Timfalgar-square. 3y far- the most importantof these acquisitions is a portion 6!f an altarpiece by Pietro Perugino. It consists of three compartmentsthe centre portion represents theVirgin-adoring the child, who is presented to her by an angel; some distant-angels,. standing on-clouds and singing, appear above. The compartment on- the left of the spectator represents -the- Archangel M,lichael, that on the. right the Archangel Raphael with the yo-ung Tobias.- This picture, with other less important.accompaniments, was formerly in the church of the Certosa near Pavia, for whid2, Vasari tells Us, it was painted. For the -last- 70 years the principal portion above described had been in tho possession of the. lelzi family, of ilan - ;t was purchaseda from the present representative of that family in February last. There is some ground for supposing that Raphael bo-operated inu this work; the opinions to this effect, of good ;authlorities, four ied on internal evidenlce, are cor-I iroborated b.y the existence ~of .a drawing by- theI yontlgul :Ranhael, nowv in the Randlph ilIuseum| at Oxford, of that portion: of the -work which represents -Tobias and the Archangel. Witliugard -to the state of the picture, it is evidet that-a smal portion of sky has been formerly added (with good effect as regards the shape, though it has darkened in colour), in the upper part of each of the com-. pertments; but the repairs,. properly so called, apparently made some years. since, are m;ninute in extent and do not affect the. impression of the work. A committee, invited to examine the: pcture on its arrival, unanimously recommended that it should be placed in the gallery without again undergoing the ordeal of restoration. Of four other pictures which have been added to the Gallery, three. are inscribed nith - the ar tists' names; they are, respectively, by Bartolommeo Vivnini, of MIurano; Francesco Taeconir of Cremona; and Batolommeo Veneziano, a distinct painter-from the fist named; the fourth picture is by Girlalno det Uibri, of Verona. - Al these are more . or less antiquated in style. It is understood that several pictures, form-, ing part of a collection purchased in Venice. by the travelling agent, in Decemiber last, in order :to secure a fe* eligible speci-mens,- now in the Gallery, will be aold&in the nex -y=, together -with P. portion of the Mlinden pictures.- This will be the first trial of the.effect of the act of Parliamemnt-recently pased, swhich, on the purchise of aL eutire coolection, providesfortho pos:al-of the-pictures Cnot required" for. thd national collection. - : - On Friday last Princess Ania of. Sxony, fourth daughter cf the -King of Saxony, was betrothed at PiMlnitz to the hereditary Grand Dukeof Tautany. - Fmn.-Yesterday (Sunday) moroing, about -a quarter before S o'clock, a fire' took place in the exten. sive range of premises belonging to Mr. J. Golding, boot and shoe manufacturer, 3. and 4, Church-stet, Shoreditch. The property had a frontage of at least 50 feet, was most expensivelyg fitted 'up, and. contained a stock in trade, independently of the furultore and other effects, worth soae thousand pomands sterling. From the inquiries made. duzing the raging of the flames, it !appears thh the discover -was made by Police-SergeantHut, N. 1lof the H divislou, who at once gave an alanr, and after repeatedly mnoeidagat the street door succeeded in xwsakening the inmates, consistingof three persons. Thoae pegonsz at once mide an attempt todescendby the staircase, butupongettingupoa the landing they found immense bodies of sparks an4 huge volumesof smoke ascending, ana at the same time tie landing was so hot as to nearly take the sldin eff their feet. In this extremity the-occupants hardly !maw what to do to save their lives, tey being convinced- th&t if they atteuipted to run down stairs they must of neceaitybe suffocated, and if they remainedin'their then perilousposition they -would be speedily burnt to -death. -What to do fot the best- they scarcely knew, more especialy as there ivas a man upwards of- 60 years oE age and a cripple in the building, and to get this person out by any means at hand seemed -next to an impossibility. The two occu;ants who-were ablo-to get abont, thezrcore, made for one of the front attic -indows, and called loudly for help, and they iveie just going to prec'lta'te themselves from the paripet wken the officerto them to remain wher they were, as he had sent for a fire-escape. Eborunately, they did as they were requested, and in the course - of a few soconds Conductor Barton arivetl with the Royal Societs- fire escape; but then the smike:was isuming in such hvge bodies that it -was difficult for him to7seea the inmates. whose lives -were tinus jeopardized, or even, the front of -the building on fire. For.unately, he- managed by -soie-rmeshs.to pikh the machine in front of the hon_e, ad;, hadig-ascended the outer ladder, he entered the rooznz which were already on fire, and hiought dowin-the whiole of the- occapants. The conductor, as he broughii them- down and placed them upon ki-re- ilrmc, was Qudly cheered. ThQ present makes no less a number than S2 persons the - same conductor has saved at fres in- this immediate neighbourhood during a year and 10 monuths. -The engines of the parishj and fonrof ibe Londo brigade,swere as quickly a possible on the spol, under the direction of hfr. Fogo, the p cincipl officer 3f the A district, and Engineers Bridges, Midman,-Baylis, &c. Bothhouses and salthey contained were however consumed, and the adjoiniu.ghouse; belonging to M1r. W. Weston, 1, Boundary.street, seriouslT damaged, more especia by wYater. 3rr. Golding avas fortntelyinsured m the P'hcenin for 2,400N., but tat amount is far below the loss. As - to the orig of-the fire. not the least informnation of aciable chDarcter could-be ascertawned- DIMsnSSsNG SUncIXgD.-Onl Sat±uday evening - Mr. T. T. Delasaux, coironer for ient, held an inquest at Canterbury on the body of Elizabeth Ain Steer, -a single woman; 21- years of age, 'who hid couiautted suidde earlythamt orningiby hanging herseLf in-the waEhbousef her brothes's -house under the folwing -vircumstances -The deceased was to have been married the previous day to a carabineer named Greaves, but the codminaing officer zefused to, grant leave, and her friends were opposed to iit, especislly her mother-in-lsw, who had caused her to leave home in consequence. , The deocaeed, it 4ppeart& had previonslykept coMany with - ogmanunamned West, and mas desirous -for somne cause,xto leave the country, which she th eit to effect. by -srilage with Greaves, who was about -eaving -for IindiLi The -p oor-girl wais found hangig sand anuitea -ded shoiily uftsr a detach. ment of the C nabineems left the city em route for India. In her boeom ws the followhiglebter, rmitten-bnly a fewr minutes before committing the sad deed ;it ws addrese to her former sweetheart :-" George,-You took great troulble to :wrlte to me -on T-uBda aboutmy going with IGreaves. Eie w,as a manhe will either live or die for me3 And I will do so for hia. - Remember, George, how you Ideceived mne. -Daily iand hourly you soughti my xun-ofte did you iab -to get me into trouble, bet theLIord protected me so fUr.- Yottr conscienoe will tg11 -ou you was a-ase, deceitful mn, ibut God never paya deb;ts witih nioney. Myt life I wilforfeit. -Pay - mny dear-fatiher -and mother what you oewe me-4t wl help my ftneral expenss -You have broken -my mind-yon seduced me-and God wFill -reward --you for -it.- You- will never proper. emember these last dying words of one whobsa; beentbe dujpe of all yonnlrice Myt beart achesmy hbad trebles-and inaXferwsounent I shailbe l imehed in eternity."- Alerzbrief6o4ltation, and ;u aadress friom the eoronser, thejr retur ned a, verdiCt, "That thie do.0 ceased destroyed herself irhile laboaring tnder temporary insanity." - - --T* ~ - TusE Birn? WATEnRS AM;DT E CRI2eARSOTOR5I.- -The edcaerl authorities of he arm i ha;ve advised that a lsrge nmsber of invalid Crimean soldiers should be sent tio BACM for the benefit of the minerl wateze of that city; m Accommodation iseuired for 150 men,- ad onFriay- a. gentleman sent down by the Gove. ment, accompanied by Air. W. Bush, the baYOTc of Bath, imnpected various bdti. ings with a view to the. seleoitwr of oneX &ptU W4-0 required purpole,
I - ,il. - PIJTJ1 .D 7 TR I ,. - ,(n m OUR eww O.'W.I: x".: - J . - N~~E;W: YORK, ADhr6..i -The assault- upon -'r. Sumner, 1nprovo}ei cowardly as it Ss has been jntifbd by thiT83.tt oflSouth Carolinia 6y the unanimous retlurl of -M Brcoks to fill the pllacenisde vacant by his expuliin.- The unuguiflly Jarge voteof, ',9I o 'waX ct for himj `vithout, so fir as lean learr,a amgle dis sentient voice. . Thu the people-of South Caiol have placedtheseesin oppoion to the Houe of Representatives d a the unanimous voic.-o Northern geintlemen, have justified an- a it upon a zenator for guge te in debatb'so Parliamentary as not to -b checked at theibme, and tave a~pproved the - ctri3ing down an wnarehe4 roa bDya blbdgeou '-nthont notice and: while hq wa -incapable-of defence. The newly-elecefd reps4ueni;attve has since my last k-Ittr 2nade his 8perso at thle br'of the House and takenthe oaths of ofe.:For the - moment his conduct - appeazs to: ks-e piased out of the pnblic notice; bet it has left *a infrueice behind it- s-iipming-any of the more i,portant events -w-ich hare taken plae in Waiiiton since the prewat cmpawgn was opened. Tbv blows struck upon the head of Mr. rumner (whcr was-before-then, rrhaps, the-most unpopular meoi-, ber of the Senate produced an imprewci%cupon the popular mind of the iirtl such asI haye never knowsi equalled in this country.- Men wGho had beenu nused to take -part in -the politica of the country- (like -Mr. DanielLord, X -New Yec,forinstance) caine for rard in publi meetings az gave their voice to Dwethe general chorus of indignuioui Instead of treating the action as it deserved,d as- it willbe treated byg hitory, the South were foolialenough to jus§if, it, and the district represene. by the crinminal -has had the still greater foolishn_ -to sustain him. Such things da not. tend l lesse-n the gulf wydch now diviade Worthemn frona Southern- pubic -opinionl. Ihe North .aru 3nore sensitive than ever ulpoa the eatension of. the iifluence of a .veY small numbet of the -voter of tae country, and of a particular apesies of itX wealth; *hilethe Southare still morenervus aboui. the encroachments of *hat they call AboNiionist, aiidlhonestly believetobo eemies of their propert!le Tiviies has never been deceived by the elltces -of either paty. The Democrratic party Irave no desire tg- -carey slavery in-to te North, norS organize a Southern party on tho basis of ev~tuau1 secession; nor,-on the otherliand, do the R-Ppublicans aim at the abolition of slsvery or nt the; destruetion of t3.us species of pqpery in any Place. wh-ere it leg'ally exists. I frequently hear Europeans coining-for the Zi time to this country wondering- at ihe party namas which disfigure its politics. Whatis-the differenefr (I am often asked) between aDemoeratand aitepub., lican ? These are party names, with significations widely different from their European meanings. A: Democrat means a-supporter of the present Administrati6n, willing-to extend the institation of slavery over the ternitory of Kansas if dolne legally, andi into all other unsettled- territories; an adaocate for the annexation of Cuba; and of' tl* controllinag. influence of this countiy in the Gulf of Mexico anh en the Isthmus of` Central America. AlRepublicam: means an advocate for the exclusior. of alavery froni: kansas and the other- territories of the Unitea States, and an opponent of Fillibusteritg. So far asDemocraco6rIRepublicanism is conearned, botle parties are. Democrats, both are Republicans. If the Republicans were asked -whether tley wouldreduce the right of suffiage, -they -wouli -tellT yoru No ; if the Democrat were asked whatlier they' would change the form of governmnt, theywould answer indignantly, No. The psay namxes have no- symbolism of mneaning. The ]lemocrats inherit Theirs from efirson and the Fo2ch ReyolutionL; the Republicans, a new party of a yeeaIs existence, coined theirs, or rather revive, it, fronm; the same time. In- a great popular electian, where, there are foreigners 'voting who have lItIle kmowledge of the language of the country and. less ofE its institutions, it is important for a party to. have catfchwords that touch the ponular sentiment. The Know-Nothings (the party etween thess two) understand this, and have laboured wsith considerable saucess to unite the nti-foreigners and anti-Papal sentiluent of the country aggainst the Fillibastorisn of the South or the see'donalism of the North. This third party, -which I have in my correVondenceregarded as comparatively unimportwtt -in the great issues of the day, appears to be growing inL strengtb,'especially in the Soutli, and may possibly exdanger an election by the people. 7 - Tbe Kansas question -is- decided, so- far as the House is concerned, by the rejection- ol betlith i. Wkitfield (thepro-slavery- border iufflian candidate) and MDr.-'Feeder (the Republican free lboL-r canaidate). You will And in the T1ibiLc ofi yesierdsy a long letter from Mr. Reeder upon the subjact of his rnght to his seat,.if you f-el-any desie tor pursue this comicapad domestic question,. about which soae of-the other European journals 'wri6e,so umniu tellig-ibly. The !Pirnes is the only joriral that haa faiomed the mysteries of .the- dormesic politics O- this cointry. The solemn twaddle 'wbich many of the Eurbpsan journals indulge in hent writing onL American politics excites nothingbutla gjiter herer where the deception-is known. - - The only other event of the week in Cbgress is theretuni of Herbert, of California,touhissent, after the verdiet le -alizinc,g the killing o£ an l:kh vaiter. The Administration are qiiite w satisfied with. the tone of the English press : th enistment question, they only complanu of the discussion of 'a. question settled by the America n j4 diciary-whetherthe agents of the British officias were -guilty oSf violating the municipal laws of this country., Walker hasbeen elected PresOiit of Nicaragua by an overwhelming majority. iNotwithstsndig thiik the Government here views Iris career as nearly - at an end. They think that .Walkers followers ate consumers, not producers, and that he is suffezcig fromnascarcityof money ndthe othersinews of wrar.' The Cabinet has been of late mainly occapied -with the consideration of the alarming staie of things in California. The Govemor -of that State has made- a req,uisition upon the- Fede'il Goverin6ert for aid in maintaining Athe State authorities againt the Vigilance Conmmittee. The docuiments will be comminncateidto Congress to-day. - The Goveror ceaninuicates to the President full particulais about this despotic organization, and asks for aid; and the senators from California are using their influence to induce the President to interfere. The Governmerit will7, however, decline interference from technical reasons. An interferesce is authorzed when the Legislature of the State canMot be convened; and the ground will be tIken that, as the Legislature can be convened, and no effort haa been3-made to that end, the 7time has not yet come when an -'interference isperznitted. The truth i, the general Govewnmnentfoesx not want to medlewith this dangerousmatter until it is betterinformed of the true stat&ebf .ihings there, anld ihis_ teeEnical -reasoning gives ittI-6re time-to consder, 'what part to take. - Outaide people hope -that the Vigilance Committee and the State authorities May yet'be reconciled without resort to force. - ' - 'The capture of the State arms within -waters, under the jurisdiction of the Federal Oi_vezienthas Dmade a case of piracy, and brought the whole question 'within The jurisdiction of the National Government... -- . The Distriet Attorney of -this diatrict-has been authorized to offer a pardon to Wagner, convicted. of illegal enlistment, nnd.to order a diazcntu of forther legal proceedings -against other p&TUM iniplicatedin this matter. . - There has been another dreadful steambot atcdent in the burning of the John Jay upon 4ake George. Every sumuner we have&nore or les of these stories of reckless,. inexcumble loss of li es, bujt-hisyear bids fairthus fartosurpass any ot;er. - Te drought which ha.s been ii'eval3ine throueh- out he. northis at. lat- checkod by aa teas rainstorm. lam sfrld it coaneetoo late-todosubatantial benefit to- the comr crop. The 'wheat has been already garnered;- but the Indian corn, espe- cially in the States east of the Aleghanies, ha suffered greatly. The healh of -New York continues favouiable. The yellow fever is at qu -but hann yet madeeits appearance inthecHitand thebils bof nors' hitYweunUsuallyfwvoableflor t id ote ys.
SW WEST INDITA AN PACIFIC MIIL$S. - QOUTHA=iPTON, AUG. 17., - t Yhe- 1 mail steamer Parana, C0ptahl ITZ Dh , with the Weat India aai Pascfic mai% in caar,, of Lieuteinant Ticlde, IR.N., Admiralty agent, we have dates from - * July 12 Barbadoes,, ... July 27 -EAi.o - r7 Grenada .. . - 28 3-e Cabello ... - 22 St. VncenVs ... - 26 5Marthlia S. ... - 26St. Iad . 8 ourn . ..... ...- 21 blartiniqnq .... - 28 - 26 GM4lalope 29 V::n . ..... ... - 24 Domineca -7 23 Jaes- , ... - 20 2 Antiu, - 29 JImCn . . - 28 Mona3 - 27 Porto B- :,. - 29 Nevis - 29 Refico *- - 25 St. Xit's . - 29 3)mea-er . . ... ... - .24 Tortola. . - 29 241LGa Ra - - 24 SHmidad .. , - 2SSt. Thozs- - Wle :£a.rana bringa 147 passengers,.and on freight apecie value $1,625,84i, or sy .350,0001. sterl n,. of which $21,531 is from the Pacific ports, and also $10,800 in jewelry, and a cargo consisting of 1,022 ,setons of cochineal, serbnis of indigo, 2 cases 6of. ciars, and ff99 bsals of bark.k- . - -A slight decrease had taken place-at St. Thomas's in the number of cses3 of yelow fever, but many 5Tnds in the West Indies were sufibring much fromI the virulence of the disease. : r The American schooner SilverKey had arrived at St.Thom'sfromSt. Croix. This vessel is fitted' withl mubmarine armour and other apparatus, which las been usedcwith considerable success in recovering the remains of several old sunken Spanish men-of ! 'war at Trinidad. Our dates from Jamaica are to the 2Sth nlt. There is nothing new in political afais, and commercial ataters are without much change. In the mar-- Icet3 3 considerable decline had takeii place -in the value of cornmeal, and a recent parcel was sold at 183. perbarrel net cash. A decline wias expected in American corn, owing to the arrival of 900 bags. :FI;our sold slowly in lots, at 44s for fresh quality Baltimore. lLogvood. was very scarce. No new Irish butter had come to market. 3roof rum waso quoted 3t 33. 3d. to 3s. 7d., according to quality.. Emhanges on London for 90 days realized 1 per cent. pm.; 60 days, 1L- ditto; 30 days, 2 per cent. pm. Merchants'-bills were at par. The following vesses were in 13ingston harbour :-The English barks Cambrian, Mary, Montague, Alice Jane,. and Success; the Americanl birk Henry Warren, the English brig MIary Allan, the English brig antines Besie and Mlercy, and the Zeester (1utch); the English schooners Emily Experience, and May Queen; the Samuel, Voiunteer, H. P. Russell, and Tremont (American); the Dfiligencia (New GIrenadian). znd the Anita. Her Majesty's vessels at Port :Royal.-The Amphion, Hermes, Euryalus, Victor, Bermuda, and 3inaum. The following vessels-of-war had sailed for Greytown.-Her MsastWs screw line-of-battle ship -Orion, 91, Captain Erskine; Impprienise, 51, CaptaiuWatson, C.B; Arrogant, 40, Captain Lyster; Tartar, 21, Captain Dunlop; Cossack, 21, Captain Cockburn; Inflexible, 6, Commander Mlends; Pioneer, 6, Commander Wood. The Victor, 6, Commander De Horsey, was shortly to join the squadron at Greytown; all the vessels are under the orders of Captain Erskine, of the Orion., AtDemerara the Court of Policy met on the llth tult. Several bills were under consideration, among which was one to authorize the payment of bounties to indian immigrants who might prefer to reindenturethemselvesinsteadof retuningto india. Bills for improvng the criminal law had also been introduced.. 'he Hon. Peter Rose was elected a member of the Court of Policy in the place of the Hon.- Robert Smith, whose term of service had expired. The election of M1r. Rose to be- a member of the Court of Policy leaves a vacancy in the financial representation of Essequibo. The Hon. A. D. V. Von Netscher had been appointed a member of the Central Board of Commissioners of Roads and Bridges, -in the place of the Hon. EC. Smith, who, having ceased to be a member of the Court of Policy, ceased also to be a member of the Central Board. The Governor had sent instructions to the agent of the colony at Madeira not to send any more Portuguese immigrants until they vwore ordered. Up to this time no orders for Portuguese imigrants had-been sent in to the Government, and it was not expedted that any would be sent while so much sickness continued to prevail among the Portuguese imintarants in the colony. The directors 6f the East India Company had put their veto upon private emigration from the company's territories. The Dernerara Gazette says,-- " The only hope of the planters now is, that the Emigra. tion Commissioners may le induced to allow -&largenuamber -of Coolies to be conveyed by each ship in proportion to her toannage, in accordance with the East India Company's Passenger. Act. The French Government have lately introduced 8,000 -mimigrants from Pondicherry into their West India possessions; snd they did so at about oae half the -cost of mntroducing immiigants to this colony. Their ship -conveyed doluble the numberwhich are allowed to be brought in oar ships from the East Indies ; and we are informed from good authority that the immigrazts were landed in fine condition. If the colonist3 are compelled to resort to immigration to bain asupply of labour, and as this kind of labour is now introduced at the sole cost of the planters, it is most desirable that the expense of importinS sach labour should be reduced to the lowest amount consistent with the comfort and health of the immigrants themselves, We hope that the Colonial Secretary, who is evidently disposed to take a rational and sensible view ofthe position of the West Indian colonies, will enforce this matter upon the consideration of the Land sad dEmigration Commisgioners." A great reduction was shown in the consumption of rum by the return of the Controller of Customs. The quantity of run entered for consumption in the colony during the half-year ending the 30th of June last a mounted to 86,127 gallons, and the duty to $77,514 30c In the corresponding sixmonths of 1855 the quantity of rum issued for consumption was 103,a67 gallons, and the duty S82.853 60c. The decrease in the last half-year amounted to 17,440 gallons, and the duty to $5,339 30c. The -quantity of rum shipped during the last half-year amounted to 3,151,350 gallons, as contrasted with 1,490,125 gallons shipped in the corresponding half-year of 1855-thus showing a decrease -of 338,t75 gallons during the last half-year. The -cnantity of rum issued from the bonded warehouse curing the quarter ended the 30th of June last for consumption in the colony amounted to 48,671 gallons;the duty on which amounted to$43,803 90c. n the corrasponding quarter of 1855 the quantity issued was 58,277 gallons, and the duty $46,621 60c. The decrease ending the last quarter amounted to i9,606 gallons, and the duty to $2,817 70c. The quantity of rumn shipped during the last quarter was 392,611 gallons, as compared with 754,999 gallons fhipped in the corresponding quarter of 1855, showinga decreeseof S62,3s88gallons duringthe last quarter. The Hon. W.Waller,theGovernnentSecretary, left for England bythis mail on nine montl s'leave of absence. A public meeting had been convened to take into consideration certain communications received from the West India Committee in London relative to- immigration to the colony. The bark Canada had arrived from the Cape Verd lElands Tith 137 emigrants. The weather had been very wet, but upon the whole highly favourable to the planter. A good deal of sickness prevailed on the 'east and west coasts of Demterara, especially among the Portuguese-immigrants. In Georgetown fever and dysentery had been prevalent for months past, but the mortality had mot bean so great as was expected. Trade continued dLl among the merchants, and freights wero laoddrnte. The exports from the colony duming *the- last forinight consisted of sugar, 1,724hhds.,- 146 tierces, 49 half-tierces, 725 barrels, 115 bags; rum, 887 puncheons, 308bhds., 131. barrels; mblaases, 56 piincheons; cotton (foreign), 108 balesa, charcoal, 517 :iierces; cocoanuts, 9,300. Tho barks Sylph, Joseph Dexter, Royal Arch, and Minstral, the brigantine Loyal, and ship Johnstone, a armved at Demerara from Liverpool ; also the bark P'remier, from London, and the brig Huron, from Cardiffi The ELiza Bain and Thomas HarnliI for London,: and the Parker, for Liverpool, had saiwed., Our intellitence from Barbadoes rep'orts the arniVal of Her Majesty's ships which we previously moticed as having [left Jamaica for Greytown. Their visit caused gr3at excitement, and they wer& visited by thie principal persons of the island. Go- vernor Hlincks had retrned from St. Luicia. There' is nothing new~ in tIte Leg,slature to notice. (3rou operations for the present year had entirely close4, but there wavs stil sagar to be shipped. A few, London and Liverpool seasel. would be speedily' despatched with the closing shinment. The young cane cropvwanted rain. The market continued well supplied with American produce, but native provimions were scarce and dear. - The potato and Indian corn crops were expected to yield plentifully next month. The produce shipped to date is as follows:-_ 39,4iJ3 bhds., 2, -671tierce3, 9,768 barrels sugar, equlal to 42,501 hhds: mnlassas, 1,938 puncheons, 802 bIrds., 498 barrels; rum, 1,025 puncheons, 212 da.; cotton, 274 bales; aloes, 818 gous The eCalith of the island continued -excellent, and on the wholethe aspect of affairA was satisfactory. At Trinidad the Council of Goverunment had a meeting on the 14th ilt. It was stated that an in-, Crease of .ll110I. had taken place in the Customs' revenue over the same periGd of last 'year, and 9,6001. over, the half-year of 1854. -A veiy favourable turn had also taken- place with regard to local tax:ation, the nu;n.ber of defatilters having diminished from 900 in. lSa55to 400 for thae presentyean. 2001. had been placed At the disposalof the.Govern-: ment for the purpose of' roviding a stipendiary maojatrate 'for .the eastern~dist.rict pf :tho.county of St. George until :Eer~ - lajeetys pleasure- was- known.- The exports upr .to -data' amunt to `30,483 hhds., 4,135 tierces, and 4,72 .barrelsof' sugar, 9,477pun-: eheons and' 141 tierc's of molasses, 2,'679 puncheonis 'of rum, and 3,281,9a91b. of' COCo3.' There was still 769 tons gf s.hipping in th Gulf. The Port of Spain Gdzctfte says--- - ;--..---- ..--; '"{'It has been currently reported in tow.n Xfor somne, tim tbat'Brachb"has been'.taken 'and executed. by the Goyez mental forces, and-'that tranq,uilli* is ag restoredin Veneznela. Atany rnte, the4sttle are congnin prehty freel,y, fortunately for'the 'supply:of beef ihflethe airivals of potates from.Teneriffe and1Eermnda havo some-. -what rel,ieed the greatscaircity of ragetbles;:there hive: aIso been-seieral .im rttiois of .yams from-Grenada, and. orie of sw'etpottees' o i`r6 St, Mtti; ;iand Amexican flour,. corn, a3id cornmeal have a;rived In 1xge -quant ties,-DUt, notwithstanding this, flor day hasadviAnced to $14 ,per barrel. .- . .'- . - The.brig Comet, 'for Literpool, and the baol; oin Anderson, for Lon0on hid sailed from Trinidad. ; - Intelligence fromo auatemaLta o the 3d ni. ra,pofts thiitforces, on. thei,r inarch from that place, Salvador; and oniduras; h adreached -te frontiers of icnragua, and it was expected that-very alertly .a Collision wo'uld take place between, them- and. General Walker's forces, near Leon. ' - An alarming fire broke'out at Belize-on-the 17th of 'uly,, wrhich comoletely- -'destroyed about: 60 houses,' the Jesuits' cniIreh, the Custom-house stores, and a large quantity of logwood, which Was lyinlg oh the banki;s of the river.- 'The Unittd States Consul's residence was among the houses burnt. - The Parana brings to England three fine living spqcifaenp of the meleagris occellatena, from Peru, 'sent' by Her Majesty's Superintendent of British Honduras as a present to Her Majesty.-
THE PAcIFIC. SOUTHANIPTON, SMiDSY, AUG 17. By-the Royal mail steamer Parna, with the WestL dia and: Pacific mails, we receive our usual journals and despatches from the Pacific ports. The Pac-iic Steam Navigeti6n Comjan's steamer-Iogota arrived at Panama on the 2ist uIt. ywith 24 passengers, $405,000 in specie, aad dates froin Valparaiso to the Ist, and Callao to thellth of July.- Valparaiso intelligence furnishes fall reports of the deatraction caused by a great storm which had visited that coast. Several vessels received severe danage, among them the British bark Balgbunie; the othorvesseL belonged to the coast. Fourteen launcEes a4da sloop were entirely lost, but fortusfately no lives perished. 'Thcbaronw,ter fell to. 292 50 ; the mounain sateana overflowed their channels and inundated some parts- of the city, damaging considtrtbly the houses-on the beach. Therailroad suffered very sev6rely f-om the overflow 'of therivulet Vina del Mar, which roso 15 feet aboie its level,-irving with it every. thing upon its banks. The iron railroad bridge across this stream was swept a4'ay, inpeding-the vrks along tihe line for some days. Lighter da&age was sustained on other parts of the road. It was supposed these casualties would pre-- ventthe inauguration of the xailroad as far as Liniache on the 18th of Septenber; as had beer.retolved, in coinemeo. ration of the anniveriary of Independence. Tho storm was equally severe in the sduthi of the Republic; thes Mole at Constitution was destroyed and several bridges carried away; six or seven ships_went ishore to avoid srking; the flood of the Maule was one of the laigest, on record. The losses sustained by this calamity are calculated at upwards: of $500,000 throughout the Republimc Tho elections took place on the 25th and. 26th ofT Jane, and on the 2-5th of July the electors were again to meet, when, it was decided, Senor Montt was to be proclaimed as re-elected for the Presidency f6r the next five years without oppsition. mhc u nicipality of Santiago had contracted with a compnny to light the city with gas Mr. George Smith had received his exequatur as British Vice-Consul at Santiago. The markets are reported as exceedingly dull, there being no buyers, although the imports 1have been lare - Exports-were qnoteed as follows :--Copper m bars, per qqLJ $21 30c. ssiver in bare, per mare, $10 31e.; barley per fnega, $5; flour, per 200.s5 $12; coal, Lota, per ton, Freights. -From Caldera for Swansea, per British bark Mayola 41. lOs. from Islay and Iquique for Liverpool, per British ship Pusleer, 6C1.lOs. ^. fromV alparaiso for Australia, per British brig ElIen Simpson, 2k1O.; frotm-Chinchas for Uorkl per British bark Glershqe, 41. - from Valpariso for Tahiti, per B-itish brie Cronkbain, $21 50c The C. F. Iessing, fox ksmbnurg, and the Yfathilde, for Havre, sailed from Iquigue early in June. There were loading at that port -the Ophir and the Briton, for liverpool; the J. Jones and the Reteccsx, to order; the J. Coesar, for Australia ; and the Theoder, for Hamburg. The Pervian news -is of little interest. No outbreak had occured. The tight rein kept nuon the press of Peru by Dictator Castilla prevented the publication of any trathful statements respecting affair By this arrival we have no further newa of General Echenie's -invasion, or the psuspects of his party *eli still in Valpa-iso. Congress had returned from Cnoril1o3 to LimT. Freights.-To England, 3!,. lOs. to 4. *;light, 63. lOs. To France, llOf. to lllf. 50c.- To Germany, 4L Perulvian funds, 55 to 5-per cent.; B^onds of International Debt, 38 to 62 p0r cent. l4es from Bolivia reports that the Repulblic Fwas quiet. NZo mails had arrived from Ecuador. The mail steamer Santiago had been ashore on Santa Maria Point, and she was repaired at the island of Tobago.
TH:E BFEB PLATIL * TO THE EDITOR-OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The last mail from the River Plate brings news of a movement which threatens serious consequences to our trade in that uart-er. tion had proposed to dCOoubleaSSOf the in obdu«ties Con all good -shippced from Buenos Ayres and DIontevideo, with the object of compelling foreign merchants to maks their shipmsents ozrect to ports withain the territory of the confederation . tisaaluCol > The exports from this counitry to the River Plate considerably exceecl in value 3,000,0001L- sterling annually, and at lesstthriee-fourths of the whole are consumed in the interior provinces. The effect, therefore of the present project, if carried out, will be to dfive the greater part of-the trade from the safe and esaiy aceessible haibours of Buenos. Ayres andl Montevideo, through which it has hitherto passed, and where the principil commercial wealth of the whole country is centred, i lto the small towns on. the borders, n f the Parana, theaiarest of thm beind the te some 200 miles up a river of intricate navigation, w ch can onlye Breathed by small vessels of a light draught of naer, sueo as are now seldoni employed in long sea voyages, and very nfferent from the superior class- of vesses which have for sa.e, yenta been e pgage is in. thbRiver Plate trade. It is evident that-suca a state of things would be seriously detrimental to a valuable branch of our trade, and still more inurious to the-important cities of Buenos Ayres and Montevideor; hut it would require a larger space tharn could he hopednfor incyourcolumn to givec, eend a cursory sketch ofthew cseqemcs it wouldee invuolvte. - -sheneo For thelast20 yearus ourz diplomracyin the River Plato hsnotmbeenou fortunsmatte, and r itismchfearce that the cour l BritUish interests are represented byaarice-cosulma Buenos Ayres, where there is always a r aot British propo m 3anT thousands of u oitve are settled, ar mster -P enipotentiary haen eist to GeneralyUrquize. the Presidlentof the ArgentineConfederation, at. his small, town of Parana% situate about do miles up the river of that name, -where there-are neither British subjects norr commerce to protect; and M1r. Cbristie's arrival ther seems to bare been inaugurated by this scheme for embarassng ad dmagig foei tadewith tha River Plat Reublis. t istim the~ndolde:s sbonld takre somethoghtof tis attr, fr teirchance of ii satisfactor setleentwil crtanlynotbeimprovedl by im- which, I cannot hut fear, the encorgmn ie obn by Great Britain and France isgrdilyitntapl, tendintv. I am. Sir. vonrohdptcnn. x X.
BA?NQUrT TO THE EON. BAdn. GTON PELLEW.- The Hon. Captain Pdelew, of the secoid battalion of Rifleq, havig-retumned from the Crimea to tf;a residence of his mother, the Dowager Lady Exmouth, at Canonheign, DevoDnshire, the inhabitants gave him s hearty welcome, and invited him to a banquet -which was held on Thuxsday last Mr. Laurence V. Palk, M.P., presided, in proposing the health of the ghantlCaptain, ?3uded to the achievements of' his grandfather, Lord Enmouth, who, when told to attack stone walls, thought not of his ships, and who, when he was ordered to attack one of the greatest aTsenals of tne world, placed his wooden ships against stone vall_, and there nailed his colous to the mast. His n..me was Pellew, and not Napier. (Chtees) They were met there to-day. to congratulate another Pellew on his safe return, and to hail him as one of the heroes of the Crimean war. The toast was drunk with enthusiasm. The gallant Captain briefly responded, expressing the pleasure he felt at having been mercifully spared to return to his friends and neighbours, after a somewhattedions and dangerons absence. In alluding to the attack on the Redan, in which he took part, the gallant Captain said that in that unfortunate but haodU attack he had seen vert olm soldierynveterans who had been through the whole Crimean campaign, and who had never swerved under the mnoat trying emergencies of war-returin from the attack with tears in their eyes, and their iLvariable auestion was, What will they say in EngLand?' Many of them, however, had lived to hear holw generously and fairly the people ef yngland. bad ebtimated their conduct. (Chcess)
DDBATH OF TJ EARL OFHBREWBUBy'.L Intelligence has reaced Egland of the-death of the young Earl of Skrewailiry, which took place at 3isbon on the 10th inst.. ED Lordship had been :inisposed at Paris, where he had speit the spring, and whiere -he had exhibited symptoms of pulmonary disease. of a serious kind; ho recovered, Ihowever, froma this attack, which bad been rendered moze serious by the concurrent illness and death of the late Countess of Shrewsbury, who was: residing with his Lordship. Shortly after the decease of his noble relative, the Earl proceeded to Havre and crossed to England to -meet tlie Peninsular Mail packet the Taniar, which sailed bntiie9th of July, in which he took his passage bor Lisbon, with the intention: of spending a part of the summer at Cintra, and 6f making a voyagm later in. the autumn cither to the Mediterranean or to Madeira. On arrving at Lisbon nis prog-ess to Cintra was delayed by various causes, and among others by the brealdng. out -of the chole-a n- Lisbon 'aiid the neighbouring districts. He therefore. took iup his abode at the Hotel Braganza at Lisbon, where he had a retmuia6 f the more serious symptoms bf his malady,- under which he rapidly sank. :. ' . - Hi's Lo:rdship was:acompanied.in his'voyageby MEiss Ahne Talbot, the sister of the late' Countess of Shrewsbury, the Rev. Mr. Garside, his domestic 'chaplain, and by Dr. Mervyn Ciawford, an English physician- of eminence, whom he:had engagedtto . ontinue with1im - . , . . c . His-librdship-wi-v the-17t1i Earl' of Shrewsbury, iaid 'Premier Earl 6f England,' the 6reation dating as .far bac1 as 1442, he was alo' Earl of _exfordaiid Waferford; and hereditary Lord Hi'h- Stevard of -Ireland. He succeeded to the title on-the death 6f the late Earl"in 1852, being at that time undei 'age.. Having attiiined his majority, he took his seat in the House of Lords in February, 1854, and at the time of -is. death was in his 24th year. The noble family of Talbot of the English branch, is one of ancient .celebrity, and. second only -to- the, great houses of. Howard and Seymour.'in 'historic interest. Its founder .was a Norman noble who - must - have come over to England with the Conqueror.;' for Talbot is not a Saxon name, and yet Richard de Talbott is mentioned in Domtesday Book as holding nine hides of land: from Walter. Giffard, Earl of Buckingham. From hbn.the Shrewvsbury branch in England, and the -Talbots of Mfalahide, in Ireland, as well as the unititled but elder .branch 'of Talbots.of Bashall, Yorkshire (now extinct in the direct male line), can trace their pedigree through nearly eight centuries by direct descent to the present day. From his second son Hugh, Governoriof the Castle of' Pkisv, in Essex, who afterwards assumed the. monastic habit, like so many warriors of his time, six generations bring us down to Sir George Talbot, Lord Chamberlain to King Edward Ill., by whom .he was summoned to P3arliament as-pBa-ron in A.D. 1831. His son, Sir Richard, -Lo'rd of Godef.ch Castle, and 2d iBaron, 'distinguished himself -in the -wars of Edward IILl. and became great grandfather of Sir John Talbot, 6th iBaron, summoned to Parliament in 1409 as Lord Talbot de .Purnivall. mn 3412 the latter illustrious warrior was appointed Lord Justice of .Ireland, of which he becamae' Lord-LSieutenant in AD. 1414. He subsequently rendered good serfvice to his country in the French wasr of HZenry 7.; but his lbighest renown was gained under Ienry VI., upon the saine field under' the Re,gentTliintagcnet Duke of Bedford7. It is said that his character became* far and wide so formidzable to the French, owing to the constant suecess which attended his expeditions, that miothers used to hush their children'into silence bypranauncing the name of the "Great Dogge Talbot." He was attacked, howrever, by Joan of Arc, the Maid of Orleans, at Patay, in 1429, when his armygwas routed and he was himself taken prisaner; Being subsequently exchanged, and havin3g gained for himself fresh laurels, he was created Earl. of Shrewabury by King EdwardIV., inl1442. Again resuming ihe Lord-Lientenancy of Ireland, which' at thlat day was rather a military than a civil post, and having been appo,inted Liad Hi'.h Steward of that country, he was raised to thse earldom of Wenford and W.ater,'ord. in A.D.: 1446, and tLus became Prermier.Earl in-the Irish as well as the English peerage.: Agin engaging in foreign warfare,. thongh in the 80th year of hins age, the Earl advanced .with a 3British force to the relief .of the Castle of Chatillon, in France,. beneath the -walls of which he was miortally wrounlded, and died July 20,t 1458, with the reputation of having been victorious in above 40 different biattles. E;s lounger son, lord Lisle, fell dead upon the same field. John, -the second E3arl of Shrewabury, K:.G., L ord Treasurer, first of Ireland and afterwards of England, wras kiled at the Battle of Northampton, iII.AD. 1460, while floehting under the Red Rlose. He was succeeded by his eldest son, froni whom the, title descended regularly to -the fifth earl, the most consistent statesman of Queen Mary's reignl, and the only nobleman except the Viscount MIontague who, on Elizabeths accession, opposed .the.repeal of the act of submission of the HWouses: of Lords and Commnons to the authority of the -See of Rome, which had been carred into effect in thepreceding reigu. Thonghthus stronlgly attached to the religion of his forefathers, Queen Elizabeth retained him in her service, and even admitted him to her PrivyCounciL. H3is son, the sixth earl, is known to history as the most wealthv and powerluh peer ot the zealm, and the guardian to whose custody the person of Iary Queen of Scots was intrusted by Elizabeth. On the death of the eighth earl, in 1617, the title reverted to a distant cousin, Mr. George Talbot, of Grafton, as greatgreat-grandson of the second earl; and from him it descended regularily to Charles, 12th earl, who having confonmed to the established church, became 3a prominent statesman in thereigns of William III., Mary, Anne, and George I., under whom he held the highest offices, and by whom he was rewarded with the Dukedom of Shrewsbury and-the Knighthood of the Garter. At his deathin 1717 'the dukedom expired, and it is not a little singular that from that day to this the earldom has never passed directly from a father to a son. The 13th earl, being a Jesuit priest, of course did not assumue the title, which accordin,g'y passed to the £0on of hisbrother George, as 14th earl, and the last of his'male descendants is now deceased.* It would be alike tedious and profitless to trace the exact pedigreeforthelast century, whichmerelyexhibitsaseries of iephews and cousins inheriting in succession; we Mil therefore only mention that, the son andthe nephew of John, 16th earl, having died during their minority, Bertram Arthur Talbot, in 1846, became heir presumptive to the Shrewsbury title and estates, to vhich he succeeded as 17th earl, as we have already stated, towards the close of the year 1852. It is this young nobleman's death that it hasbecome our duty torecord to-day. His Lordship was the only son of the late Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Thomas Talbot, nephew of Charles, 15th earl, by Julia, third daughter of the late Sir Henry Joseph Tichborne, Bart.(sice remarried to -Mr. Washington Hibbert, of Bilton Grange, near Rugby), and was born December 11, 1832. ' He was educated almost entirely by private tutors, under the roof of Alton Towers, by the late Earl and Countess, to whom he was devotedly attached. He was Premier oarl in the English and Irish peerages, Vice-Admiralof Cheshire, a3eputyLieutenant for Staffordshire, and High Steward of Allbrighton in the same county; he also held the honorary distinctions of a Knight Commander of Malta, and a Knight Grand Cross of'the Order of Pope Pius IX., and it was reported .in oUr columns only a few days since that he was about to be nominated a knight of the Order of St. Patrick. Lord Shrewsbury also claimed the office of Hereditary ILord Higlh Steward of Ireland, and his claim was [under 'the consideration of the House of Lords, having been referredto a Committee of Privileges, when hisdeath supervened. Lord Shrewsbury was a person of singularlv mild and gentle disposition, and of refined and elegant tastes; he was an accomplished scholar, especially in 'moderm languages, of w-hich his long residence upon the continent had made him a perfect master. His chaziti'eis were most extensive, and, humanly spealing, his death must prove a "heavy blow and great discouragement" to the prospects of the Reman Catholic religion in this country. He has, left two sisters, both recently raised by Eer MIajesty to the precedence of the daugrhtrs of an earl: the younger, Lady Guendaliao ' Talbot, is unmarried; the elder sister, T ady A nnette, was mried in January, 1855, to Fir HIumphrey do Tiafford, of Ti-afford Parlk, *I Bitrke and Dod are accordingly migah iD, toting IS instead of 17 Earls offtwbury,uxo LanLcashire.0 -1amIi;.*Zt !40rq0yrfytsPt A,ltona *wesan the, other'estate3 ha,ve Deen devised- bytJie.iiI of the: lata e8rl to lord Edmund Be l' owaxr4 the in-' fant son of the preseit Duke of ].Iorfok,.'hIremamnder to his Grace's,other yQung& sons; And to hi brother, lLord Edward Ro=a%, M.P., 'who is married to the late earl's, `ousin3,fis Augusta Talbot. emtn s - The greatest moonw caused in all the roman Ctholic -lapels of the mat,opoli,s yeate'day at high ,ma,ss, when the nme of Bertram, Earl of Shr,wrsbuty, was given out among the li,s,t of:the. I deparbedfor. whose so'ill' -the: oficiating priests r requested,' as .is usual, the prayers of their respec[*tive oGregatios -, = ,
I: Tf N,XPO0Ro0 -FBTB S" AT PAL I. (F rom ; j men lTothing co; Z be. mre- propitious on Friday than tle' weather for the- various 'out-of-doora;musements of the fete of St. Napoleon.' The moniing was clearand bright, Ibt. with a -delightfil,-' breze, .which after-warlis, whn_thej ,day .grew old,; temieed most. agreably 1the ns6maivla "too. ardet '.ays of a cioudless: sun. at -6 .@~clock in'the' mornings, .a :salvo of- artillery ';frora the I,valides announced at;tthe fcte of tle -lEmperor :(dWo that of- t Ae Amnnion) had comI'meiiced,, and almost imcediately.-after -croF.s of ' pro- 'neiuls, ,xi,hom .the pleasure,t= raoE_the.v&ioa4 xil. -trshe adjust,' digrged migursec i-h g,throngh , the principal '-thoroiighfar~. i .A ittle later, liberal distri-' butions' of pr9visisis wsere made .to. ,the neeessitoiis in if:s 'the arrondissements of. Par .drit is oSie ot the' -mpst 'peessng' characestics of thlis nnual period ,of 'XeJoicimg,,.tha't the ''o0'r'theageae the maiined, &ai the' blind are the first persos4istionght of .in thproceodings of; '}he day. "' owards'-fllo'cl9ck Nohtre Dame was the great point oeE altraction. as agiaud *ass and T .Deuni were to bei celeorated there at nioon proelsely.' The assemblage of persons at tled old cathedral wFas immense, and the solemnaity was rendered more striking bythe presenc of a considerabla, number of: Senators, miembers of -the Tegislative body and Council -of State, iisters, geuerals, and other -hghdignitaries, who ja appeared in fuli official costume -I the other churches also similar services were perfohned, though: not altogether on so granda scale as at l'otre'Daife. Towards 2 o'clock, the gardenis of; thin Tuileries, tha: 1Champs Els6ve 'ad the Esplanade f teInvaidest -'ere crowded with prornenaders, and.continued-so during the rest of the day. The Tuileries gardens if'erein great beaulty1 I nd were pruicipahly frequentedJby well-aressedl persons of - 'the mniddle cl-s. -v/ho seemed never tired-of watching the preparations for the illuminaions wthich vwere to take pl7ce Al. night. The perfume and lovelylints of the flowe'rs :therich fohage Of the trees, the play of tbe fountains as their waters flung up rainbows in the sunshine, and'the various ainrblestalues scattered about, presentedascenewhichofits kiAd cAn scarcely be surpacsed. Onthe otherhand, the Esplanade of the Invalides was the igeat resort of the working class where a Yariety of amusements had been prepared for their exclasive gratification. b .Two large wooden erections: have' becn prepared at each side, in froni of thehotelj for militari pantomimes and comic interludes while farther down towards the river were tio stagesfor tumbling and feats ofauctivity. in addition, foir mdMsde coca_gie preseited at theirsunmmts each a wide crown of laurel, froia wvhicl wera uspended a watch, a silver . cup, -a silver couvert, a handsome pipe, and other articles, as rewards forsuch asp;.ng-spirits' ashad sufficient stiength of muscle and. persev'erance to attain the ummmit. Many were the attempts nadeL.-- nd- various the failures. Some started gaily and climabed up half way with great vigour, but having om;tted to husband their strength were unable to continue their efforts, and at .last gave way, amid the derision of the crowd. Others again commenced more carefully, and, mounting to a more elevated p6int, they appeared likely to attain the summi; but after a while their grasp relaxed; they began to casta despairing -glance at the still distant point above them, and, at last, like their predecessors, they too were obliged to relinquish the attempt. - One case excited great interest. It vas a young lad who commenced steadily, and who, after toiling perseveringly up, had at last arrived almost within reach of the various prizes glittering above him in the snshine.: He had paused so little-in his long ascent that the sympathy of the crowd: went with.him, and every one cried out that he at loast was sure to choose what lie pleased. At last, le paused and stretched out his hand, .but found tha he was -still a few inches below the. wvished-for 2ob3ects.: 31e made nniother effort to ascend, hut diinot.gsisan arine4h5and-tle- spectaters, ir agining that hewas' only amusing himself, cried: out "FarcerJ" and laughed pleasantly.. He. made another effort, but again in vain! The anxiety of the crowd became intense, and many cried out to -him- to take courage and make a vigorous ,attempt, He collectea his utmost strength for this final exertion, and agaiun tried, but vithout ncecess; he then waved his hand to the people'below;.asif.thanking them for their kind wishes, and glided down to the earth deeply mortified. - A very few attained the summrcit and carried off the prizes, and only by strentous exertion and unabated. perseverance. In fac-, the whole display may be considered as an epitome of life, where to pause in mid career is almost always to lose the fruits of preceding-efforts At the lower part of -he Esplanade, towa-ds the river, long ranges of booths and shows were arranged to attract the curious. At one side rose " Le Cirque Bobba," and at the other, I SL Cibque Ducolombier." Further on was a large canvas structure entitled "aLe In0i7dations." which was crowded throughout the day. Then camr a displaj of waxwork, bearing the lofty appellation of '¶LcetusgeIinperiui," and near it was another large erection, with the superscription of-"Afaiclaoffef &&astopo," which, however, seemed to have got somewhat out of date. Drum and trumpet, cymbaluadclation, clanged fromeach, and as the charge for entrance rarely exceeded a few sous the general amount of.custom-seemed satisfactory. At about half-pst S oclock there was a rush towards the upper part of -the Esplanade, and 'loud cries of "Vive l'Empereur P" strack the ear.- It was the Emperor and Empress in a carriage and four, with postiHions, who were advancing from the Invalidestowards the Seine. They were entirelywithout escort, only one gentleman in coloured clothos riaing near the Emperor. His Majesty was dressed in a black froclkcoat, and, looked exceedingly well, somewhatbronzed by his stay at Plombiares, but having all the appeaeerof vigorous health. The 'Emprees looked, as usual, most charming. A second carriage followed, con-. tainlngsomeladies of the Court, but like tliat of their Majesties'was quite unattened. The. Imperial party proceeded ' at a walking pace down' the Esplanide, along the Quay,' over 'the Pont de la Concorde, and then up the Champs-Elys6es towards St. Clond. The crowd of itself drew back to make way for the Imperial. carriage, both their Majesties bowing repeatedlyto the acclamations which were raised as they passed. It was in that unconstrained and confidiug manner that the Emperor eppeared among the people on hisfete-day. About half-past 6 took place the concert in the Tuile. ries'gardeuis. The brchestra was composed of three united militry bands-f the Guides, the Gendarmerie, and the ist Regiment of Voltigeurs of the Imperial Guard. A vriety of piecea were played, the whole performance lasting until nearly 8, whenthe crowdturned towards the Place de la Concorde and the Champs Elyaees to witness 'the fireworks, which on this occasion presented two novel features; first, from the place chosen for the exhibition, and next, fromx the nature of the display itself. Instead of the locae 'being, as on former occasions, on. the Quai d'Orsay, in a hollow, where no one who had not the courage to encounter the pressure of an immense crowd could get a tolerable view of them, the top of the Arc de Triomphe was 'the place caosen, and thousands and ten of thousands were able to see the display from the avenue' of the Champs Elysees, the avenue de rlimpSratrice, and even from all the neighbourhood round Paris even to St. Denis and Montimorency, and-without more crowding than if they were in their own rooms. The fireworls themselves also were different from those seen on other occasions, as there were no set piecs of illuminated frameworks representing castles and other buildings, but all were, as it is technically called, ea Pair. Precisely at 9 the signal was 'given, and the display commenced by a grand flight o" rockets, with, at intervals, -a volcanic burst of fire-bals, which exhibited every imaginable colour. After these had terminated a representation commenced of a 3dndof bombardment kept--up on: either.'side of tae barrier, the 'missUs used, inatead of the death-dealing 'grapa and shell, being'a cbntant dis-are of-the same colourod. balls above described, mixed with others, which from their explosion gave the eoise (f a rapid fire from tlousands of mnuskets. At' -the conclusion of this mimic fight a fine' effect was produced by the Are de Triomphe suddenly awnming the appearance cf beig 3 mass of fire. The next and crowning display was the substitute for the bouquet, and which was intended to be a representation of the girandole of the Castle of St. Angdo at Rome. Th eeffet proiuced-vwscertainly very fine, but it required rather a stretch of the imagination ta find any resemblance to' what it Was sad to represe,nt. Howrever, the whole disly wa londly applaude.- nd Zefects great cedit on the pyrotechnic skill of M1. Rugiefi, bv e homN it'as ureareI The crowaihen tuned homewards to enj~,y spehtacle of the ilumination. As they were k:oured. by a darc, starless night, they were unus3-IV 'illiant, the Plae de ]A Concorde forming the centre e,,iattraCtion. The garden I of the TaUleries was encir-.ed by a long range of lofty porbicoe ix: many- colo ed lampE, the centr of each aTc\. .beinig urinomsedbytledsbyiii iit4; -,,a Ior;mdt a I;striking contrast to -the shad alleys of'tiBe garen beddndid 'whero the sobered IWof um ers : s:th-red I&2n]6paietrat ed4 t}r,gh heaarkfoIiao of 4he treesnndishurbedby,thgsligbtesWbreezc; TEeEpll n h fllsminated, am vwore the Pont di l&Vonooide sid the LXisla. tive.Chawsbef, Aud the hotel of thv Marine and the Garde Meu'rje. r e Pue de. mlvowin-hevan on' an ordiy e*enin jeicits the. admiration. the4 foreignrby the regolar-Streau of light whi rnialoi t 6 ooene inngt' ns lit'np-hiia second line of iauL ninvA wiichprj .the vanity of oil lamps and lanterns when compared th the effctsof.as. The,public buildiu of the capita an& t*e iaiious minstries were gaily lighted up and from the lAt-tei hung faisccaux of the national Aag. YLe Rue de Ia Putirvab ed the Ruede Rivo ' itsdisplaY-of gas, butit insist be dmitted, that the arrngeinentseonn.eted with -thoe odumn in the Place Vend8ie were unstisactrv,- and'its appeaIance by'no eiabs'ccontkibutou4 to-tlhe- orinienta.tionf of one of the grindest sites.intte capital.: *ThEe oed m ' in the .dayWas tastefully decorated ith eagles, flags, 'strecmers, _and- wreathg -of foliage. In 'thetevening minitasy baid,played befor,eit, atrt i !ng a 4argecrowd. A:t ightfilf the facade was'S FlendidlIiUUminated, but not, as was annwo-nd6d,-ivith the city arms, but 'with long lines of gas, whilether lgeiiis played around the pr,ojections of the roof; andalonG t,he r&illfig.atiqual dis-- tances were stands of gas representing cIuster; offoliag'aud: the'eletter .".N T The Tour St.SJzacues slikewiseiLln' m mnated, no,t oiy at the basebut a,t the simmit, and- the , ierir w-as .lighed'iip-so asto sho fort,h to dvanage he bau&iomery-painted windows. -The affecqt_rcuced:wasexceedinglystrilking.' The Cathedral o NOtro Dame,thcSPanto eon, a all the ciurches mi, Paris -wer,e likewise ifll,uinated - The -private,'illnmintions ere-eji,mer6sis,withoitposesing, howrever, any fea ire o gret nove1ty. Itmust-be confessedkthat, as far as street' illumn-tions are conoerned the Parisians have bece 50'me ,hat tess, and theelan cholY trutIr, embo-ad :,n thesignificiLat7ouisperdric was e,ncemnore cleatIy subs;tantiated. 'The celehratio;n of the.fall * of Sebas'topol, 1hte entry;of,the lIperi1Guard, the conclusion of peace, and-tS5 mnhy other .occisions- which have recently been- deemed viorthy of! pub1ic and private rejoihngs, have'sli htly elhrau8ted the ,nthusiasm',o the pewifou vho- illuminatei Still- the Bouevrds wlere gaily decorated ~wst'a - ilags and~ steamers, ~indthe ccq%,es, oriie in adisplay-of colo'urd lanternsi. -The Qpdra-Comiique and the ' Grand ' Op6ra: -were :partisularly -orilliant. .'The strnet co'ntinued to be crowFded to a: late -or eveytin having been conductedi tbrouglhont. the .day vith- the:good humaour sand galety *,hich distinguish tho Jfcie'.given in ''is '- - . -- -
THE DOUBLE AUBDVR; WXA.--F6ZKEoI I , . . _ . .. I I ' :; k , CAN2ERBURY., SA%TliRUV F'. This- morninga-spiecial .se soniofthe'county-jiisticosof -the Home Division was leldl i the grand jury-room bo the -St. Augstinh Sessions'h6use, 'Canteibury, for'the pspuse of investigating a charge of wilful miiides -preferred against Dedea Redanies,.No. 2,520, 2d'battalUion4th cnm-pany o the British Swiss Legion. -hir; Edirad Foss presided, -and the folowiu- i magistrates i*ere. -proien:jx Willimn -Dewar, sr. iYilliam Hider,I'r. IHem-y -Kingsford; and Mr.T. IL Mackay;. - : It will be remealmbred- that, a:murder of two siste-s, -Carolnei and Maria -Bdck,ged - respbctively 18 ' and 16 yeasv,-was perpetrated on thediUwn of Sunday, the 3d of August inst., in the centre of a glen facing the 'sea known as Steady-Role,--about three 3uiles froni Folkest.ne, on theroad to Dover, and within a short distance of the main thoroughfare.- The double crime was attributed to the prisoner, who reas traced from -the scene of the dreadful tragedy to the vicinity of Canterbu, where he was ayprehended, -bit before the constable cold secure bim he plunged the- knife, still reeldng withl the6blood -of Iis unfortunat victims, into his own 'breast three times,-and:fel.fainting to the ground. He lwas immediately- attended 'by Mr. Bond, 3 surg6on of -the nheighhouring village of Chartham, and subsequently removed to the Keeit asud Caiiterbiry Hospitai where he has iemainad ip'to Ithi present tiine, under the care of Mr.i&id and ti]i other- sisg6ons of theS eetablishment, in a ve.y critical condition. A warie-nt wad issued by the county magistrates, and intrdatedto Superinfeandent Walker for-execution. A ccordingly-,-he was brought up today under this warrant, being carefully conveyed from the hospital- to the Sessions-house, which almostadjoins When seated, the prisoner looked vecy ill and dejected, and- appeared -to feel deeply the awful position in which he was placed. Mr. leid sea by his side during the examination. As n,.mny citizens as could be accommodated were admitted into the room, a3nd the greatest interest w vas uanifesediu thaproc-ee.dings.- - - D9r4toilingdisWe,o'f 'St. A3agstmie' t Colle2e, CanWIrbury, having been tworci interpretor for thfe-Court th'e 'folio.in witnesses were examinned-!a- -.-k:. : - Thomas Girlin (upon taldng an -affirmtion Shich he be: lievel to be -binding on his consclence) deposed that he residd' at Hasckne1, aiear london, knd that on the 3d of A^ugust inst. he-vas slt'olkestonisand was walking on the roadfrom that place to"-Dover 'wit -a afriend, when he observed the bodied- of the deceasea women lying-in a place called Steady-hole. e rwas saarchiffg-for apathiayIeadinr down to the beach at thc'ti-me. aving gone tp to one of them, which be believed to,no dead,therebesigblood onher clothes, he want'and gave infojmationto'the nearest house. He obtained aksistance and-retdied'sto the spot, when he looked at the- second body, -and -nserv6d a wound on the finger. 'Did not help to move the bodies,- b?it proceeded to the Folkestone police-office, and retured aain with-the snp3rintendent. -Did notsee the bodies removed. Theywere taken tolthenee houss irhis absence - In answer to the interpheeter, the prisoner said hehad no questions'to ask the w;itness. John Back (father of the deceased) was -the next vitness. IJpon his comig forward the crisoner burst into tears, and remained cring-during his evi2ence:-HIe dewoed-that the two deceascd rleft his house on the morning in question, about a-4qaarte-r sat 3, in the cbmpany of the prisoner. Having had breakfast together,-.they left for Shorncliffe, which is about 9 miles- off beyond Folkestone, going from Dover. Did- not see 'the, deceased aferwards, -or the prisoner. The deceased had two black capes on when they went away, The prisonier on the previous evening said be hd a sister at SiorneUffe, and, wished the deceased to ee her.. He then made -the appointment to take them to S-horneliffe. (The two . capes -were. here produced by Superintendent Clements, and identified by the 'witness as those wbrn byhis daughters whentheyleftwiFth the Prisoner.) The prisoner declined asking any questions- -Mary Back, mother of the deceased is,'&po&e to having identified thb bodies of. her dead daughters at Burvill's cot tnge about 8 o'lock on the 3d'of August. She-had received a letter w;ritten by theprisoner since-then. It -was given to her by Superintendent Walker. Havingp~reviously seen the prisoner write she kne it -toube in. his handwriting. She also identilied another lettei--'written to Lieutenant Smith, an offeer inthe British Sw issLegi, as beingoin the pisoner's handwriting. -o - -oc -George M2irsh deeposed that he was sitting by the road side between Folkestone and Dover on the morning of the 3d of Aulgust. wrhen he saw the urisoner ad two young weuien pass. -The prisoner- asked tho fime. - Witness replied ' 5 o'clock." . :- ' '' WRillis.nBatemnan,-surgeon, of Folkzestone, ws -caled npon about 9 o'clockbn' the mormng of the SdofAugustto examine two dead bodiesiniBurvill'scottage,intheparish ofCaple. On MIaria Back; thd younger, lhe found folr-ijicised wonnds in the chest., apparently made- br- 'a- sharp knrife or dagger. The knifeproduced-was -calculated to inflict the wounds. Zach wonmid apipeared to Epenetrate the- chestadeeply. On C;aroline he found twro woun'ds o'i the right side of the cheat) one of which bad divided the cartilae' of the third rib. Those wounds were, no doubt, difficintto betheca of death.- Therewasblocdstillontheknife. Some parts of the bodies were sti warm ?when hesaw-them; they could not have been dead many lihon-s. ,Phe wounds were about the 'size of those-'that the knife produced would manke. There -iwad- a third wound on the body of Caroline Back, but not a mortal one, and also a wound on the hand, as if she had been s'abbed inthe left hand whlle protecting herself. - - George rzyer, constable. of -Tbningiuon, near Canterbury - deposed to 7having arrested til pnsoner on the 4tlh of August, about 4 'clock inthe'evenng, nearthe viaduct. on the Ashford-road.; Tlhe linife ws thrown dowse -by the prisonerjustas vitness gotto:him. He saw the prisoner take It from his breast and throw it o4 the ground Another man helped vitnews, and they secured.the prisoner and the-kife. The two capesqiroduced rere on the prisoner at the time. He took one o$,-hut on the prisoner being removed to the hospital e ha -placed the- cape on him again. -The prLsoner hladno coat on at the time, _Iuta soldiers pair of trouse, 3ikLe those then on him.'-- John Green, cutler, of-SnWlate.sreet4Dover, deposed that the knife produced s sold b him tothe prisoner about 6 o'clock on the evening of Saturday, the2dof August He brouht'aknife to haeaew;blade put in, but vitness toldbim le could not do it for him then. The prisoner then bought the kniIe, as lohait he o his own country on Mondy - to uperendetC the anterury police,-deposeMitaton the 4th'of Ast5-in censequtne of information, he took a cart to Chartham fer the 'prisor cr, -hom he found there bleeding from-wounds-in his cheat) and, a aurgeon, attending to him. The two capes produced were on the prisonei. - Eeto-k hinm tote Kent and Canterbr-- Hospltal,:andleft himthur6 in'chage 6f a constable. He then removed the -,Peslfros ths praontr'a person; - * - Elizabeth Attwood, shopkeeper of Lower-:ardres, could not-positively identify the- prisoner as the man who purchased some 'writinb p-ier; ps, ink, ina some -envelopesathershoponuthe4ithof lugnst asew so alteredin appearance, -Me then asked leave- to w3ite a letter which shegavekhileavetodo. He3thenwrote twoletter The paper proaiced was like that 'sold to the prisoner, and the vnting appeared to be the sude which she saw him write in her shop. Saw the prisoner seal the duplicite produced in. the last letter. - The prisoner<haa&ei two mantles at tIe time, one inside out.. Upon ookin careflyat tlie - the witness said she could ist-ldatiiy him;as the mai w called at her shop and wrote the letts, he was -snuch alteredin appearnce. Th asin-hers , abouta hoer and a.bIf. -H. spol&some words in - o ILsha others she ooulda]tot underitand When e t went inthe ditione of the pot-office, ' X.athaBarood, potmistress at 1-(wrer Hlard , said the prisoner was somethingr likea n: ho prcaee, tw andpla.dthe ntw etre hch'i proded Hwe 'ls acked for a peR to writs siOaetJinr ad-ditional et f oef tke enyeopes, _e'h man had a ce on, whiel looked likevia roo.fcoaV Sheidenlid t a" w rouodd -sthe oa she iaw on the man, who p_es. the letter Witness gave-up ;thi'leueer to Sipxi~ i tt 1Wallir sbout two hous aftek was ,'& - Superiftendent Wf. Walker, ia ons"quence f infonA., t,o which i had-receieed, went t4 tAelom of- teaLt. ' 7 3DO s'ho'ed-hin two letters which she-tok _ ouk cC the bU;. -Thre were no -ther- leette in- it at the tiiU.l -Witei x0coinp-ed MrL *rwood to the ebaiiaii house; i_d, iy his o r impounded-the two letbli U sujq7!ently'nok the lei< rthethc pa to hom The`i Kereaddressed, pvhogavg thef c john.. The. euplicateprvducec s w enffsed:fnfe t eCter addreeied liett t tl it.er kd -'e r ti 'n ; th 'G=og Fr-er, xecal,~& dTook the -PM6 pro4iE -fi :t-ted by the pisoner. i hey 1 eere read to the Corti [We have alres. Il &ibafs he' plisnerj T thTb-prissne dqidant wishtobire the- read I.cvr t, hrL S in G Srsnan. The- CMMsItA (addressing the 'pnsoner) aid, -- J ±,i4hi f6--yAn9ything iU answer to'the chsrgeyou m an ,it mow, iaw-Zttefer you have to say wibl be take. eO tnt iiriting,iand may be given-ienvde eeainstyou r; ttxi&L. . b. - Thshavi3ngbe-n :mteprebed.toh prisoner herep. that he had nothing to' sy at prexent.' The UILiui--rs.-Then we commit him to tae ih tri 1s at the ccixt-ansizes. :- The pHst,fner was then revnoved in- a chair to tihe oonntyj' p'ison at St_- Austine!s. -- A packeCot of letteri -addirssed. Caboline Back (one of the deceased kirls), has been handed to t'ieauthorities. They-all eress 'the stron-est tenenjtmoin* ' the poor girl,- -nd also to thefamniX. 'The oorendenetunm enuIsin January, and ends l July. .Te Iro tre cses of ireof thcm; theirstisnwithout "y dear Caroliue,-I- ieceive your portress (por'' and letter. I- Ian-i glad 'happy unto deafh.- Ia gd t 301 sune not ior,goUten>-jndIeg you t ae every week one letters. -..--~ - :- ." I have a cethtt~imethianl-rom yanto depar nitu,r :no happy hour to live to 6ee can, -and:lth,isks youfoir yo r. tra,th love. - , it:- T - 'I hoppe nexst onth to see you. I do rwishu God spesd1 yonvell. 31e bompblaenti on all familie 0000 tsomend *" Good'bie rnil dear Caroline, you truthi, -- -- " lfi not forgo*ten?' - " DnhcEi RZD " , ." "28 June.- - :Dear Carolinei-I tompyaments you, and petition-o° to rite me whereforeyouof mettr notAns wer reply, ;rif - tome.varm. I you.tooffend-andIdonowhereforeyou-t.- me =ref are. _"' hoppctlhatIyouin a whildagoto see, tobe homedearC:arolne me portress I send-yours me send when readi it is dear Carolines 1 em you not to-ferget youn bist --me eternal Joy. I kiss to you and tp ,ontinue you truly Dedea. 'I menk me complamients on all familie. ' "Good bie dear Carolix.e.. . - - - - - "DEOX A RzA.Ax_q.r * "Eour tousend lisses for yu, my- dear Caroline, all sestees and broders and TaUti.and mutter, and me lifte-broeter Alexander." - The last letter written- to the deceased by the prisoiner is asunder: . - '- I "AldershottCa&mp, July3, 1856. Dearest Caroline,-I complaments you with many isses, and riteTyou the Ito come to'Shornliffe next week, and wil conle to Dover on an Stnday to see yon. - - - ,, - " Dear Caroline, ite me no answlers to my lat letters. -- "I cannot g for walke, Imust stay'inthe r.ooma'i - bin syth a lttle.i - -"Mlfe complaments on ever, famiie, ind stayyoureterVid trn ehearted - .a - ,o d ow . - -"IEkisscs you many founend. Godspead you welL" ; -,-
MATRB 2,. LORUIA itDSTO31E. TO TEE EDrroEbF-THE TIVY-ES. Sir,--"The reports of this case, if- left-uncontradicted, are calculatedto do me considerable injnry. Itherefore trust y;ou will allow me the favour of insertirn this explanation in your columns. - . By th reports it apaes thatthe-olaintiffon his exam n&iion stated that the bi which he diwcounted in JTun 1854, became aue in Septemnber, anda wsafterrards renewed until December, and that the bil ukpon which the present action. T;as brought was given in substitution of the one dated the Ulth of December, 1854. The defendant's case was that, although he admieed the biUl upon which the present Iacton was brought to be genuine, yet it was giveer by him under the impression that the. bill of the 16th-of December was also genuine, butthat he had since discov6red the latter bill to be a forgery. In addition to this the defendant's counsel, in his replyto thejury, made strongrem:%Zkg against me, and stated thatI vas a partyto the alld frau&d As 'no legal steps can be taken til November nexta Iam awnious that the public shod receve rny a ex-pI- inthemeantime, which isthis-Thereisinthe o_ of My soleitor.a copy of the bill given in Septemuber, -185, which bill was drawn and endorsed by the Eon. Ir. Vii. lierseand accepted by Lord- Maidotone,aswellas of thr other bills, dran .b, the Hon. _r. Viliers wpon a k -accepted by another nobleman, vith-a memorandum, da Derember-1S, -154, and signed.bythe lon. 3r Villers, in. these wordsx-"I have this dayxeceived of Mr Clak tbree bills of-exchnge, of which-the above ire copiee and.which have been renewed by three other bills of exchange of like amount, dated the 16th of December, 185, at three months date, and acopted by the same ie.s" If it be trae, as ta'ted fa Lord tadsone,t- the acceptanceto t''ihe hilfof the l6th:of Deoember 1854, is ; ' forgery, ad-that fraud was conittOd, I leavet'e public t judge by vrhom.the alleged fraud and forgery were comimitted, and ihether the'remarkcs of counser sinst ne to~l.filee rs, L ord r dd/oes red thepbls -fli tember f-or those of December, as showrn bythe above memo- - Sir, your obedient servant, E. R. CLAP.-. - .L.a U1 Jly.rap n ag D
A wNgLMLY jA- UOiTnAT.-'rlhe strike of the stonemasons at lNewcastle-on-Tyne, for a weelJy halfholyday, still continues, Some few of the small masters have acceded to the- claims of the worikmen, but the large majonity of the principal employers refase to, comply with the dermnnd of the men, as they consider it essentially unjust that they should enjoy a weekly half-holyday at the expense of their employers, without presenting any equivalent. - Thea master builders have published an address upor the subject. They state that the question is simply, oneF of pounds, shillings,- and pence between then, and. the . masons. The masters are charged with refusi- the men La half-holyday once a weel, so necessary for the improyemene of their minds. 'They state that this is not the fact. - The men are perfectly at liberty to t-ake their half-holyday when they like-and tney tike many half and: even whole holydays without asking leave-but they have no right to insist on being paid fof time -without giving an equivalent; th6y have no right to impose their so-cled mental inprovement upon their masters, and to tax-them without their consent. The day labourer, working in limited hours, contracts with his employerat so muach a-day, andif he is notrequired-to give his labour -without payment, surely in justice the employer should not be required to give pa]-ment without labour.- Nowv, if the employers' case be considered, it will be found that in proportion to the extent of his work the greater wiMl he his less in p0aying for time not earned. Twenty men. at 2s. for half a.ay would entdil-a loss on their employers of 104L. a-year; and in many of the great mamufactonee, wrhere 1,000 skilled -mechanics nre coneerned ni4 much higher hages, the osis would wmout to many thousanos ans.- wthe cefshwrr a Two hIorrsas.-A strange dispute ("prequing the a'dgment of aSolomon", as to the maternity of a child is -elatBd an the Dnrhavmg broni1e. A ysoung woman. came before tha magi6tratea to make a complait. H3 er counsel stateda that she had formerly been.- an unfortute girl, and inithe month of December, he5r, she hecame rneas2t. ' She antered the Sonderland workhouse to bec confined, where she gave birth to a. fn., healthyfemale child. - . Davison,-who s w acntse with her, caled to see her at the w iorkhouse. Mrs Dban . then appeared as if in aatale of pritna:cy, cau.sed, as it afterwvards turened out, by p mlowrs and padding haviog been. placed about her person. Mrs. Davison-then stated to the young grl that she lived unhappily with her hubad, owing to hernot hvng any c oulen, nd he frequentlybeat her for no other reason. She askxed the girl if she wrould let her have the child, -which wwas ten about a week old,iand ala. wUldtbsingitcareull-vp, ard y lso maeherhuaban lievethatshehad eendewicveredf itin bsence. She woul co.sider it a particular favour, has it wvould ause her to live more oofortablywithhertusband. Therbsld. abeid,cool& bef seen by the mother whenever 5he thoht proper to nvst it. To th is proposition the girl agreed, oan game 1rs. Davison. the child Mlr. Davison etred 7i~~ tn) as, quiteo deligrted inth the "young stheanger." Joeta time all went smoothly on;- the mothder frequest1, raw the child, which was treated witk every kinuse. Ultimately, howrever, the young another got mrrid ts a. sdipwright (Fenwick)4 who, wrhen he least the - story, -ebressed a great desire to be e tae hid 'ut theotherwoIseDsvio, aafer- the motrs mna r- fused to alow her to aee the child, and, tierefore, orida last drs. Fenick ednt to 1 Dabt 7on'siiouet and duing. ertemporary absee an ioff wth theychild. When Mr2' Dyvisontreturnedshed as gatly nd at .he los, L4 wen3tto i wenwkklad house and took awaythe chiid. Tibl mother, being dAterm'7Dea ot to be outdoNe, went anain mtx the other wominaf house awl stole the child a second tfoeu She s ofte.arda followed icr Ddvseon anLd er - .j 4 bed, who w ctily thecild,bat thia s ID" *Wthe inothrih the hild afe, Fromb viel er they ene to lwa,; Mfr. Davisee. gave M Fenwck Severe sbeah -th: -paris bed sevetal- battlea during thLe day abea 'thia, mysterious child, arl at lengeth the polleewz csJed; in, andhi lsh pate warn taken to the pole s-at*n Mlrs. Feawrich, wa had Ye child in her UaI; swi maintae d tha t a he ire to it i i. Davidsn ' atsetly aeuid tht ahe we birt to, trhe child ien 18ES. aad that the cn T cw n ,sfour. years of age. Xirs. Fauwick delared ihat ibis etac i est-ln7 ; ~~~~~~~~4016.^i iAs c qihr and erclased irane cosUplimas, The bihi ha asre remsemblanc to Mlrs. J;nuI_ Idreaed -adhad ahlbyapp* he*.* cni 7_ said that it ws vpit. mpoeibIc to deae who w h mother of the child, and therefor, they &lssdX e Dir 6071to allow Mrs. Fenw.ick to keepthe c-ild, eSad tis iq. tee-fere-with her in future. This aingulr _eWMtla iaie,and Mr. FEnwik wsked of ntimh wit trnUJe Tu MSAilAX Vrsrs.-Tho fiunea of thle late Mdm uestr tok peeon. Thrday bonig a3 of a perf.ctlk r lD 0 urnilag ao in which Y r. t 1at!iewa the pleyicas aIt.,KI upi tw deces'd, and MXr. Mloriaon, a dQ e \ fw4ly,
J? OREIGN2 iKTRILLIGBEZQ'C. - a ' CET.031 OUR OWN CO=MUONDMiT.) L 7 tI pcOSOx OL thoe foU°ing appe>dnia oursewOnd e& - ABS sIDA ltOOs The dem6ntirttiona that have attended the passsae of Baron Talleyrand tbhough the Danubian PYincipaities were not r-equite to convince persons, acquainted withhte prevalen feeling in'thatcount that it ia strongly in favour of the union of the two povinces. This desire, some timo ago openly declaed in lolaavia haa but recetly obtanied freedor- of * epression m Wallwhia, a- feedom oing to the SU;titoion of the honcurable and compratvely. iiberal rule of Prince Alexander Ghila for the cOrraption nd tYrny that dis5raced the adminbstration' Of the late opodar. HAustria and Prince S3tirbY could not outroot the wish iron, the heatt of the population, but they combined to prevent its ianifestation. - The fit -opportuity thqt presented.itself after the depoitien of themnuchd&-ested Stirbey has been early seized upon. and that opporunity happe s-to be the 'jouney of a :rench comminisioner to the prolped conferences. for the reorganization of 1Od-Wallacia. It i probable that the asge of a diplomatist belonng to, one of the other nations whose Government are to be represented at the Congress, and are kaownorbelieved to be favourable to the union, wOidd' havo led to omewhaBt similamanifestations; but: af the same time one cannot but note th ition which France assumes in the -van of the advocates and wpporters of the analgamationu i question. This ' 5 the more remarkable from the suddennes With which it hbs been taken. 'Up to the beginning of the present summer t Beedard, the Frenci agent at Bucharest, was noted for his steady Support of Princ Stirbey, in whose acts he could see nowrong, and whose person .and politics he lost no 6ppo, tunity of defending. By his once in this course he had, gone .far-to d ar himself tonpuilar with the great liberal or national party in Wallachia, which advocated the union as the fniK thing requisite to the prosperity ana future -anoullity of the- country. On a sudden, with all the rapidity of a pantomimie transformation, M. Becard veered round and came out as -a red-hot unionist. The union under a foreig praice was, he ow openly decared d took puain to publisAh, the hlane de suaf,Teone thehing eed- ful for the salvationto Mioldo-iaillaocia. He wentr. out {of his way to proclaim himel its supporter,. an^.d to state that it wzas the wish of his Government; . wThich he wYas aathorie and even ordered to . announce. Althoulgb +he suddenness of the change and his previous identiiication with P?rinee Stirbey.. caused his declarations to be received-at first with, suspicion, Ml. Beclard soon received the visits of numerous chiefs a;nd active partisans of the national: party, and, astimepassedend-heremsined steadyin his ne-w doctriue, confidence in him increased, and te presie of Francewascsiderblyraiedl What contrbuted also to th tendency was the ndemonstrative and reserved attitude of the English ant at Bucharest, who, no long+ time preiousl, been looked upon as the firm ally of the iberals. and-although perhaps without any eplicit decla-. ration on his part-as a supporte of the proected union of the provinces. MThe party which had long considered him as a political friend were naturally disappointed to see that, as the. moment of the final and derisive straggle. approached, he rather withdrew from than-encouraged them and seemed tudiously to avoid giving them sign or word of encouragement. The weight wlich his high chaacter, long residence and intimate 'knowledge of the country gave to Ir.' Colquhoun, and.which would. have rendered it easy' for hii 'to 'take the'. lead in this questioii among the foreign diplo-ti'- . agents at Bucharest, made it the more depoored by the national prty, in whose ranks he reckoned very manyrpersonal friends, that he thus held a_oof and allowed a new comer:and sudden:convert to asue a prominent and popular position as advocate f the change 'so eagerly desired by the Principalites., Those;who felt the3e reiets chad- perhaps not sufficiently studied 'the pcsition assumed by'theEnglish Cabinet, to the spiit of whose 'inmsrdtions there can be no- doubt that -BIr. Colquhoun strictly adhered. Both- at thPalis 3 Conferences and on~ more thanone occazionwhenthe subjeetwas.brought forward in the Houses of Parliament the Eaglislh Ministers evidently avoided compromising themselves by an- explicit declaration of opinion with respect to the uioa of the provines. Consideration for Turicey wan probably one of 'the reasons of this guarded attitude. - The inconsistency of doing:any-. thing that, nay be considered to weaken that power for w;hose protection and preservation we have just been fighting has been already repeatedly pointed -out. 3everthelesss,acording to present appearances, it is likely -that the wihes of the- Porte. will be disregarded in'the present instance. France, Russia, and .sia ' are'- knowvn- to be in favour of the union; Sardinia is likely to be so, out of opiosition. to Austria, which Power, vwith Turkey, Will strenuously oppose it. I am interrupted in the consideration of this subject by th& dep'arture of the post, which leaves today at half-past 12, but, although the affairs of the provinces for the moment seem to'share the general indifferenc to poltics, theyare of sufficient interest to render it worth whiLe to resume the topic on another occasion and at greater leisureo TheEmperor, on.the oceasion of thefete St. ?apoleon yesterday, received the Mnisters, the Marshals, and Admirals now iu Paris, and some other civil and militarv- functionaries, at the Palace of St. Cloud. The E13press and the Prince' Imperial were present at this reception. An hperial decree, dated the 13th; puts an. end to the ad-interim, management of the' Department of' Public Instruction by'the Mnister of War. M.. Rouland, the new Minister of Publc Instruction, took the 'usual 'aths Yeaeuty to the Emperbr -in presence of the Minister- of State-'and -the-Grand Chamberlain. - - A dame in the Moniieur authorizes Marshl Pelissier to aceept and wear'therGrand-Cross of the Spanish Order of St. Ferdinand, the Grand Cross: of the -Sardiniau 'Order.of 'ihe Sa-viour, and the Murkish Order of the Bedjidie Ist class; and Count de Morny,President of the Legislative.Body the Grand Cross of the Spanish', Order of Charles Iy., and the Turkish Order ofthe Dfedjidie Ist class. A grand banquet was last evenig given at the Hi3tel de Vile to Mrshltd Pelissier by the Municipal Comrnission of the cit-y oI Paris. All the Ministers and a number of the highest"functionaries were present at it. It had been in contemplation to have a gtrand review of the troops of the line and the, National Guard on+he'occasion oi theEmperor'sfdto, but the extreme heat'of the-weather has caiised the idea to be abandoned. - The banquet given by the medical body of France to the medical men of the army and fleet who took part in the Eastern.war is to take place at the Grand Hotel du Lounve on Wednesday next, at half-past y7'o'elo6k.. The Sardinian .Ambassador. has info6rned thqecommitte of <-the banquet that his Go-ernment has designatedthe ChevalierCornisetti, Itzeipal~ phytianto the S3ardinia. aamy in the sid Dr.. pa5zolini, 0 the '6t Regimint of Thfatry+-to ntted it.' '.--:- A letter-fo Seatopol, of'the 29th rJt., says:'The coffin -'cnInig tre Pemains o 'General de Maroles, -who w}illed int,he'ttack cn thodlayhoff, has jus been ebikeiEor - board the Chaptzi, a :ench -stea advice-boat, to-be 'cnveyed'to Fiance. Captain de Mzrolles, of the navy, brother-of the deceased, -went to-Sebastopol to receive the remsAq, and. the Ruzsian 'teaxAdamirzl Uharin, Gore=nnrro£ the pUce tg=e hiris every asistance in' searching for aid rezing thm. e mortal rems of the Russian -Admialss Koraileff; anad -'1ahimoff, 'who were killedi: the gne of,Sel&,Seopol, have been remeved to tho Mder:FS. Ceor, and 5re ta-beinterred in a tomb by the -dde f-lthat of: General Count de W-itt. r-ather Guerondi, Armandrita 'and- Superior of the monastery is, by dtiuctlon of the Emporor to attend his coronatlorv7 at zb-OzW. - is Maj in' iftatattioI of Lis father, hastakenthe mona,ztexy,,whichis the ldest tn he Crimea, under hli sp ecisl protection' and is to pay 'for the maintenance of it aid ef the mciilcs .- The Osiris, which- left- Marvseilles for Algiers on the 13th inst.,. had 'on rboard la Chinese' named Laurent -Ouang Tehinlsaoa of ' ingpo, and DI MaLavois, a weazthy mnerchant and'farmer.' The inhabitant of-the Celesia-l Empita who arrived in France withathe lrench -egatioiLhasgonetci Algeria, at the invitation o£ DL falavois 'to explore the country zad ascertainF if the -nature-of its-sbil is favouable to the growth ox 'certain Chinese productions. Should thibe the'case,-a:colony, composed of 200 Hindoos3 andSO Chinese. willbe' conveyed to Algeria, where they wi3 settl' as platers, under the direction of MI malavois. The receipts of the Orleans Railway. during the week ending on the 4th inst., were 1,166,713f., or'. 21,18SF morthandng the couresponing wreek of 1851. The gross reeeipts since the let of January amote to 2179,65f., being a difference in I -favour.of 185-5 Of - 745 321f. .... This being thve festival of the-Amuamption,-thel Bourse V,S led Tle 1 hre pI r Ceuts, closed oti:the Pari B3ourse OA §Stulckayd;t 'f.W-ZSc for thb end of the month, And, thsEeW&Uonji ' at 7f- .20e.* Orlans 1wiA1R, Share , 43.i ,; Grest Northern, 1,068f. 75c.; Straabngg, 950f.; 1eow `Shareg, 862f. 50& -- PAnE andLyonv6 r,43Uf SOc.; Lyons to- the KeJefrnean, 1,827f. No.;, Weoter ino 9fOf. ;Z , -B2deauz and Cer, 812f. 6 eat 'Oentr of France, 7V13. ?5.c- ; Lyons- GenevA, 813f. i:; 7 Bani Of Qr6dlt hi 1r,63=f.,V Aiusrim-Ri- I wayN, 897f. S6O. - - -~usA q.PAX, Agst 16;h-C1scPMUi-. Fourand4.Ha]f p Ct. -;(ot - r ibumbi fce 10 §. r95f.- lc. ; ditto -~ of 1855(70.pren-i) >5f. - Certificate -(70 per te9.5 T ee Cents., '71-. 71flO B6a 3 c,l5e ; 70fJ ditto ODlI(i6Osdf 500£;; ?ou KrMCentg.- 4404'., ditto Tenthk- ouer- 0er'C 6tr:.p HOtd lie Xor Cnt'.* .390f.; dito Obligtions of1,4000f4;: Ihree per dEit 93_.* Credit mlobilier, ],63 £ ;6354; -Diseount Bank 692f.'K. 69Sf.; Piedmontese FiPa per Cents,, t- 50. Sc ditto Tho-r Cennts, 56; Austn,.n P,ive Cen ots. 8; *3foaymns SS; * pazilh ThreeperCents., 44; dttoInteaor lebt, 39 1. E =Laipe4lonca, ao hi, money, Mf 2T; th. imeY iaonq 25f. A letterfrom Berlin of the ilth. in the Prese Brusels, saym,_- - ; "C3nsiderabe sensation bas boei cahsedhere durbing-ihe last few dxys by the flight of three officers of the RojlI Guard, on account of bing heavily in debt. IThe officers in question are Prince Wililan of 3nburg-Sc hwcr hMajoir of Cuirazzierss Ieitenant de HBgen,- of the Pusileers of the Gir, son of the General omuaandiug ati'Stettin; and ieutenant Stosdb, of .the same zegiX ment, son- of. a Tieuenant-Ceneral on :the retir hat Mis Majesty was so no ezalm these siamfui deer tions that he is said to ann rmIl reproached_tha hlinfistr of WVar, 3s -wel as Gei61 von Wrangel,: idth. not h'anng kept -he officers under stricter discipline. GeaelvonWrangel oni this,'wrote to PreWi1lian-i who rad stopped at ITauroaren, '03i tEe:un3ianfrontier, teling himtit if he&didno s'endmhati Xion ;in 24, 1ioursIrel hotad bo cashiered. TEe Prince Caoae tieformerIetive. 'Mhe Police Gazdh 'f Be, iof d g gerc so mystrious ints of 'tEo-vo axair, sdi the esident of Police 'hought at fist of stopI4 tho'joisi, as thePrinoeel the iepbewvof thaXn.; bi :e b;afo do-ing so, : APP\XS:hO fiouiht it best to ia6Ktheopifion0of His M'aesty on the. ,njeot. The Xng ordcrerd. hini. not to in e with the ou=, as the aSffi could not:em.ain secret, and in hli )yes all his subjects were aliko. The Prince's mother, the Dowager GranddDuchess fekldenburg-clhwer1n, sister or -he Kingf eihsedpe ely-t.payecrsonia delit;y tieKing has taken the payment -on himself, saying that he ould not a3low his -subjects to7afferfrom the thoughtles3 wnduct of-his nephew. Herhxs given orders for the pay.- nent of the monoey-borrowed, with legal interest, but sttes ;hat nothing like usurious demands.shall be satisfied. -;4 amount of the-PrIniA' debts:known up--to this tiie-is L40,000 theIs. What baw caused much pain tols hiawjeety s,thbtthePrince hCLcontracedmny of them on his iord sfhonopn, vhichb,heha,s'rokenby tkdngto ight. Thedebts' if the -tw ieutenar4a-aniount tcgether to40,000 tbiters- mce William spent a good deal in bacchanalian enjoy. - nents, proponsity which has: acquired for him the miek- ISme of 'Princa -Schnsp,' n-. acoonnt of his red nose.: 1' le Hageni` sailto be lii EngIad,and I. do Stosohat altona.). - - -~~~~~~~~~~~~~T . :,,_. 0 ; i -, TAJ;5'0-' - -(FROMI OURow C0nnFsrO~-NDMM.) - - - -- !TUIN, AUG. 32. Monsignor Amicif the new P al Comissioner Extraordinaa at. Bologna,' has getting into lrouble witb the people of his povince in conseRuence of his peculwaryviewt on political ecoinmy. It appears- that mueh discoieonte alrady prevailed in the districd on the subject of the trade in grai, whch had beenVcoiderbly :hampered by restrictive: ordinances during the admninistration of his predecessor, anonsignordG a this MonsignorArici has vainly endeavoured to dsipate by notifications conining whathe,nodoubt, conalders ananselioration of the vil coxndained of. In one of these documents, which were duly published in the Boiogna Gazfe; the commisioner sets forththe advantages of free-trade. in a mianner that woutld lead one to faney ae- intended.''doing away ith all Custom-houses- forthwith,-and then sys that every load of-grainoubtto be furnished with a "bsletha d circoieo from the -municipal authority, 'in which shouldbe specified the -place whence the is export, theroad by whdeh:it is intended to convey it2 and -th:e time calculated': for it to arie at its destination. Grain should be transported along certain routes. Peasants -who bring goods to their mastera -were' alone to be excepted fromthis rule, and they should be fuhnihed with a certificate from their parish priest.' The municispal authorities were enjoined only to give their bofft or, certificate to solventpersons, who could guarantee'that other -loads oi grain would axive:fromraertain distdicts. It is qtite necesary to add- that '-onsignor AmciC'-sSpeci object in the abovemmentioned notification is to suppress contraband trade. '' - - In anoternotification, intended to suppress disorders'- and persuade the 'peope that they should not oppose the tra'sport of grain from one part of the country to anotheri he ordains that all private contrats r-egarding grain should be. made :nowion to the minicipal authorities by hefpuehaser the seller;' ana-the broker within 24hours.' Tqie r3uniieipalauthboritie are thentopr&eedtotheverifi_cation, the declaration todeclare tthe'rate of sale, the names of all conerned -in it, the store to which :it, isintended t'o send it, and the purpose to which it; i,sintended to, be '.applied. - A: heavy fine is .ordered for contraventior of these ables, and half the -fines are promised to informers. . -So- ridiculous have theis regulations appeared to the piersons to wh6om they were addressed that several of Monsignor Amici; subordinates have clearly shown that they don't mean to- obey his inst'uc-tions.- The delegates of F,erara and, Forli-are said to have more fear of ,puliec opinion than -of official -indigntion, and have n6evr publish-d -the no a- tions intheir distrct; dan as as bees. dy' mentioned, the M nu ipe1CIuIdU- of eaL;e, as -weAllasmany othem sad, re,fused.to fulfil:the-.prt allotted to them by these notiations. - It is. repoited from Farms that-Signor Molosi,; who presented a memorndum'to the Duchess Regent a hort time back onthe state.oftecountry; had been- threatend 'with -arrest by the Airsriaza authorities, but had beenallowed ie to escape ,through. the collusion'of the Parnia'Governisent;' wilch had consented *t6 fhe presentation of Ii memorandu, in the -first isanlce. .7.- - ''- .: The aubscription'or iefhgusns for Alessandria pro-, ceeds riapidly. i Piedmont, and doubtless we shall soon hear of its doinges elserhere.: A tradema of T&rin, ir.- Joseph Moiis, subscibed 1,000 fracs yeste,,it I tt zquet,hXhS,,aemgt E it Wrumoured here to-daythat the ,MaMii, neither wis nbr-'bettet for atoYfiiluree,i, again orgamaing a n oy riredho mmvement; axd tis' mesi, is aid, they inten king heir attemipt furtheri aotlihand frta-removed from _themunS_ | pathiirig-dngkdon o£fiedmoikt; - _ ,,; , ,, .. .. ; ' - , \ ::-1 i 'A No a~cts o!-a ,ery ,,sitv*ori-rnWed chlaracter have bden commtted recenRtl by the police auithorities.- A. priest - sni -bebn -arreteld~'at Posiippno togvetheS with, two other per sonss: returned. fr;om dxIfe; w& are sasto aeheer'w'ell sutppliewd with Eurios.. Six,p os had -boeen a d at Almgola fo6 rejoicing in ol-hope of 'chaneso'r6i' expected from foreign intervgntion Thed or- four young-men,- too,9 had:beei arrested at Nisida, one'of whom had:soime copae of-a pfoclamation japon him,; but-theee-latter havo beon released. Takc it altogetlier, thebpolice distpUyremarkablea mildness - in the -actual position-whether from a desie to embolde, anda to enco,urage the. Liberalparty, and to i icitemthem tolmprttdent acts, or whether from a fear-.of inreag th elements (f agietation, must le a meii tea of -opinion. There are not a fqw who regard , this: suei ,'oin of hostii lities with; great suspicion. 'Itcannot-be denied, howevem, t-.that-prccautionaryrmeaures- have besenredoumbled, d that-our strees swarm -with soldiers, gendarnies, -opicexeii and-aspies' i plainu dres. Thes strongest pe,uint:ary misres 'which are taken, ho:wever, 'are' Xthoie iipUed in the orders given to..t-,o -mnilitary. r o,the Swis haves biee given Gtwo.- sealedr 'lette-rs and 'one..open, cou-' tarnin'g the tfoIwno-' diretio'ns .-Tht, on -:the' slighte,st aitatibri -or- 4esni6 tati5ii *om' whatevert party it may proceed; the ar.to- mnarci upon are to easS W t a, and,Jela 'thei-r jithe militazT. "Te-WNespolitan colonels of rezinenis -la-e c reieseiZle.dori; Uit ft too. evident-ft;hatt preFerenihsic6giviittot'esi N andthat npon-them 15- ait t& icipsl ronus Jof main-' taininp4ibl;a odet.- The GiS aBi co nd of all ths fort, of:one evenin'wbich-tere ar& Neipu- UcO tops; -who mWay be, iWd, 'therefore - ta. be guarded tfie Swi--. Thetd6aestinelduXiha town, nand, -rithctheir' superior pay- an ratnd nti the calculation is that it tako,s at least one;- - : half n6re' o nsainti -a--Swiss" than it .d- to em.. atain. Z -epo1iti' i'e'gimeU- 'I ere eiisti, therefore, a varieof 'oi'ts, hira or low, for 3trong -jealousy' ad h,oatility betoeenrt,e wnative anId the mercenry troops, and this feeling 1eads aooletime& to an opn rture. -A-case took plae recently at, th1eP Art di- Atugaw. 'Some S's y imilife, 1hP,ompieri, who, not hamng , ested - their '-words from' the rSw'iss and gave enTa,'b e r.Iore Swiss r.came to the' support of their countsyen, ,wken the people oinedi-i ar d siaed the 2eapo'i 1s Thee ,fiaas ended witlhtheolighS of the Swiss and thedeath of on-e IDthem it was said, fom ia blow onjtlaelaead. It is the opinion of -many tt tn a general row tle Sws would be fire upon. ty the .Neapoiitas. Miuch of tliifeetiig adun bVdlyl arise6'fromlow and sordid causes, but something, t is' to bei ;eped, f,om ansincreased setheio ;personal 'aid n national' dignity which r revolts at - beinig --apereded in' the conidench of the: Sovereign by 'men ;who sell te blood. to any Power a-d to supot any. cause. .i3 M majesty - ia now '-Castel C are, to wich place -he we-nt -over last . I onday wih his entir famdly. On iasurd.ayhe came to 1aples for ;ain eztiraordiar Council; -but, a! -e±ra.ordillal'", 11o imprltant matter - was discusse'd. I ibelieve such,natrnever prc beyoxidith'e -Foysl Chamber.' Eis Ministers 'erely eri,s acts, and- nver was te theoy absolutismso- cempletely reduced'- to practice. 'The-'reportS i'svey general that apri amnestll 'b& -grant - but I am reminded-th t no-gt fGte ev jtake p without being heralded by suc:a report. No*;the f4te o,f an aetauo; that p diglos uuaint who saved the Neapoiitaia' from pladiandpetile3ice in 1656, is just over, and such a report ,added great Ist to the fedt. His Majestconerrd .great -honour on the; Saint. 'He - ent t visit him in. his. own -church i - grand 9 pr&ession.- Re ,le1t hia-- ornamentse for the occasion' fromn? the Roy'ol house. He- spent, oi- causea- to'-Ie' -sent, it -is said, 1,000 ducats I on te-e -fte, ad :evTen condescender to peemit his -cypher and-tlhat: of HIer M,ajesty to -beintermingled with the symbo7.s, Of religion. Of conseSan Gaetano will have marked ~t hes;e facts,;and wrilentenhispr6tectionto one more..than ,an.y:living: rSovereign requires- the inte'-~ cesion: of i the .saints cin hea-ven. -One !fast-is ' 2rerarked upon asaproof of -publie tranquillity-.th - -the' fte passed without disturbance. - Perhapstiere - is riothingremo zkable in it, -when we know that thc :streets werelined with military and police. I do n6t' -wishto eaerate, butl am impatient of accounts'which describe the "order" of a city the walis. of 'which are bristling with cannon turned inwards on -the'people,.andthe lstc eetsof'whieh are illed with: gaards; nailitai and civil.- " Orde,' there must be; and fermentation here must be- and is, and henco-tho 'extraordinar precautions of the Government...
. I , i:XHERECFRKT .S2ORMIS. (Eroma correspondentof the IWaAldr Journnal, Aig. 15.) A violent stiorm occured on the afternoon bf WVednies day, uly 23, wrhich rerits carefui iveatigation, btu *hih I oehieve has not even been pdshtedL. Having examined- I its phenomena inl this neighbourhood, with a view to deter-; ninsq tho canse of hail, I am enabled t fuiinisa some parti. culcra'which -Will probably be of general interesf. The das. trict'omnilned exter ds froi&'twortE'onthel.W. through Badsworth to the S.E., thence- through Thorpo to Went. bridge, 3T.E...' . .a-- :: :. At Wakefeld.we had lightning of a peculiar red purpla, colour, which 'was r&e&cted fr6m the ground as from a poshed airror, with loud and' freqiien-cihs- of thuider.' Thero 'was some very heavy rain; -but no bwil The circum stcoan r to have btheren the szame.o i Wakefie!d to A cl TEo r To p- thle r e being' tracs of heasy nail oD g the whole road but none of hail. I am informed that nohail fell at -cNobrth, but a ama;t faaU of hail occurred aM; bfoor-houso;,whichis sitated on the north east boundary of theparish of Badsworth. The hea itee beats againstthd ast windows of--the houses The suceding rain 'wasexr- treinelZ heavy, and the wind tore-froimthe centre of rn oak: .treo s lb as thicd as a- mAns Mbiilh 'lr. Moor's crops_ sustained no damage, showring that the plIce was situaem;erona the limits of the stor;, and that tJhe hwil 'wich fel was carr.ied -laterally-by. the wind some disitance frm the - place of its formQaton. - - . --: ' : - -- -' : T&hei centre of the parish 4f Badsorth 'wns nearly the, cenrfir of the storm-anm this 'district. - ere haillstones, or.- rtather masses of ioe,l fell; someeof which, afteri beingjcarriea. *a distance-'wclved 33o± *- each, m red betwee i .and seven inchei ncircumfareide.Ai moat every houe h&ea lai'ge quacnMft of. glass: brokln; carbfully 'cultivatedgardens -presented a . spectacle- of destruction which -mu beseen be be beal1ved,'ndan d'in- many fields the crops of corn are -so utterly >rined that they 'will hardly return seed to the cultivator. --A ' field of - wheat belonging - to Mi. Jones, -of Badsworth-hall, and a field of barley .opposite to the wheat, belongIng to a widow woman, afford god illustrMtios. The wind tore enormous limbs from, the Ci estrees, and the whole scene aforded ai terrible instance ' of the desolating effects of a few minutes' hail such as hap. - p11y is seldom seen in this country.I A field of wheat near - the tillbar, on the right-hand side of the road from Wake. field to Doncaster, afords an, exXhent illustration-of. the law of hailstones. The bulk efthe field.is -ffetedbv, -the rm; OWnlimito the hlil ii that dG'i6I, but' the: cornei wDOnin., towards Badaworth Church happeed to be wi theS lhmin, and - the efiect of.the hail across that corner is distlt visible. ' The 'wheat is damaged for 20 or 30yardi into the field. The injury- here, however,. Is of- a- much slighter character *tan thats of the- centre of t'e' storm, owing tordodifyingaiarmizauses v which I have dis- cussed=elsehee. Thebath of the - s'tbrmat Mdsworth- was abut amile and a-tenth. From Ba'dsworth to Thor,e. ravagesof thestorm are e'erywere visible. Corn crocs, ar thrashedin) the field,- anid the ears out off from - tfeistalks. -Ai orchard at- Thorpe i- as blackYas if it hsd been enveloped for aminute or tw6oi a sheet of flame, anda Zlarge branehes are ter off-in all dietions. 1?rom Thorper to Wentbridge 'the -desolation continues, and, as an illus. - -tation oE its extent, I was toldtbat a por man 'who c.- cupies 19 acres of land had-not as much corn left upon it ' as would- keep himself, hi wife, -en; a pd during thewinter. - Throughout this-district;thefarm holcungs axe -small, and yet -it 'a no uncommon-thing to bear.tbe -damgea done by' the hail on particulrfarnms stimated at from 2001. tc 4001 IIn onle case n3leaprly 3 as paid by an insurance co:mpany, and in t;o others valuers wexe called in, *hoiestimated-h4 da ae at 0.TWoJ-br6thefs,; -named Eitson, residing, at B i,haveauifereddgeto - the amount of 704 A gentlenamed Seatn,ding atVWentbridge, vas sitting:-With hisfainity at table-when - the storm came on. Ina few moments-most of the glassin the front :of liii hous was brokenj masses of ice 'went throughthapancs with-suchiapidityas not-even to splinter them, cutting out holes as cleanly as rife bullets. -A decanter th±ee parts rUll of- wine Was knocked off the table, the wine - glasses broken, aid the table indented in many places. Thel -stonewalls of this gentlersian'sbuildings are pittedaover with holes.inade by the hadl,-for the mnost part larger than would-be made by firing.sWan shot-at them. Mr-. Seahnin. -for3nel me that five or six buckets of ice were gathered. u ' inhis diing.j-rom andtliat he iaiw-some ice -which had l'ain ini a-hedge&bottoin irfr6 'N7dn6day afternoonf'util Saturday night. --The lattei statement is co*oboratedb person naedTaylor, menti6ned below. ' ' ' " -A person named 1Friend TayvTr,<Iiving it -Wentbridge *was aout-a mil anda quarter_om;homie, :at night.anijes to the stWri&s path,.whenthetorm ocur. aith two, ortlireebtherpersonshetook -helteiiri-a tprn-field -rom .the'fsain! -here 'ro hail 'were hewas biet8c ostrongr a. winddset in, blowing at righEtb n t;6e the itormpath,-that'i the turnipe,wer3iftPed-up out of tie ground above an inch. - 4 -iThe storm begn about 351min1tea past 4Tp.2m, and eon. . tune Util VfO or -three minutespast 5p.m. The hal bS at 45miinutes 'as; 4pm andlisted forsevenor ei:ht Mominuf thes. e -Were'Wngi as 3fixoures ofa sheet of ho; othefs closely'resembleddpeach stones.- A con. nenxnbet.wee the baiL and elect4catys .shon by the fact -. >ofhere being, nO .erceptihlo interval between the lash hofligtningandthe * nder.Thegrdener ataBdsworth.hall and inothe3rcerson 'ob6erved -the lightin descend frdm-the ,-clouds totheear,and.then-siat tyretu froin t e A arth tot,eclouds. - -. . -;- - - - - -Du3ring this storm the ba.ometer. fel-serylittie ir'm' - .pi.sonto itsfall for the high winls the 'week before. -Mar vellous as some of thaes facts appear, the accuracy of the report will' be'bore outE yYor ho was 'godenongh to-aeieompany 'me fe innnu the iayr,1 h wsa thalics are specially dueto w ar ee oor, of:~SI hoAd -s Bidsvorth.; to- Mr. Jones,;9f Bha ore.hal; vto Mr. . lalihnthorp and lair. aiiwison, of Badsworth,forthotxoob-e - ' which they kindly took in furnisT3ingnmswithhte infonan ! on. ---- - - . t d '' O0n Thuraay-la8t ai-&x fewr miniauts past 12, a turions electrical phenomenaon 'ws see.eiose..to- St. Aeidrewfs - 1Church. Instead of an ordinarhi-tning lash sglobe tf- fire, sianilar to the sun, Wilth a ol~e sn the. centre, 'was per. - cv hvg two ve lorng - e g ownwaids itd as e f an -iitant, and th- n~ deseadidto te ehina-x;n6iglibduring- field with: 't' - AdnIa downwards Thewb-p toes inthat 3eld pppear since | tohavo .... bvcomc.diseaaed. . -; - _<- ......... .. : .
___ 7 - . - ; I_ _ OLA.vD. - ; _ _ _ _ I _ _ (m~ox oVp. oWH OttPNDrN : Y±iG , aN PATEOyI'- , IG p!,ezwnt appointment o jlerkof the Hanaper In IreLand, vacatedb,y the death of':rC. Fiic=Sm5u~ has been coiafedied upon Mr. Joh- 0 C fnnel], ,L.P brother-iu-lapt of- the last' ponessor of the offlce.: No rao-iiable 'or imparial: persoi would -venture to caiFW lt this disposition.of Goveirnment ?eafronage. 'Ei.-XEceto'jtice to themoryn of one ,of the mostremakable men of the day, it should be bore in mind that, whatever may have been the failings of ;te late Mr. Daniel VO'0onnel1, the charge of nepotimi coula .never fairly be laid tohi, account., 'He died without aknlig any -provision for three pof hiS eons. The eldest (now also no more) inhrited a' unallporhon onlyof the ilyestates, the remaindefl ,and more valtablep-art beinghelduinder a lease,! :which expired I-t .bhe - death of -r. O'Connell in q847. One o£.his-sons,-no doubt,'holds'a liicrative' pozt i the head of iXtbeegistry of I)eed-office, biiu his acceptance of 'the place was in'diredt opposition, 0o The ished vi Ihis father. 1r.: John.. O, iane3l -hns for years pat A.andoned his .cld 'couses,. Ianad -forsworn agitation: in- every ,3hape. -Az member for Clonmel vlwie' bia conduct -as-- -a . repre-' -zentative has given satisfaction to isimmediatI -narF min the-b6rough, he .has'succeided&in dis' 'isaing the hostility' ofi many of his former politcal opponents. As a mater of cobrue, he is no longer 3 memier: of the Legislature, and there is every probabiliy of: a warm contest for theseat thuslet vacant. STATE OF TH IABOUE-MAR T. -Iotwithstandin'g the numberdof hands. thrown into the nmarket by the disembodiment.of -the n,3iitia. the sulpply so far falls short of the demand.; "In the remote parts of the South, the lowest rate o$ 'wages for men is 2-. per diem; and for wome3i is. -each. In the midland counties, too, 'there are thi a-me healthy-signs of the social con'dition of -the .agricultural classes., "So long,". says the Leinstr .7irpress,: "AsA there is not such a scrcityof labour as to jlssen the amount of necemary production, there can be -ro better indicationt of prosperity than' to bave, full emnployment -for-every person willing to worl That thi3is the c ese in -Ieland is esidbeed by the poor 'relief being almcst exclusively confinsed to. the aged and irinnn; butthe additional fscttat eos are remunerative is seen in the comparatively small anumer of labourers who 'have left our shores t-his season toreap the harvest in Eng- land. If there were not za prospect e .ple hire at home, the annwl migrationwould have taken place as ospal; but notwiths'tandino the number set free to labour by the dis.embodiment of the militia, the demand will be fully equal to the supply. Neither was there throughbut the summner any scarty ocf work; the period betwean the ropinucand reaping, own n formeer times as the ' fainting montghs, s thni year paboeu by unmarked by sickness or destitutionm and,thouol thepricesof provisionshaveibeenh eh, oaptpiness and cateintoent have 'peded the coma.- aunity. TH Ez DUATIO QIJEsTIo5, It. is announced that the iNationaIBoard ofllzduca. h ton-eve3 wrakeful to the wants of the general cornmunity-are abo0ut to establish in> the cfity of Cork a maritime echool for the teaching o0f naviation. Oue of these schools is nowv being erecte in Belfast, and -the Harbour Commissioners of Limerick 'Harbour have ofered a site to the board for the erection of a 'giminr institution. The Cork Examinersays .- " It appears that some years since the CommiSsioners of Education contemplated the plan of-- affording a good nautical education, practical as well as theoretical, to such fporhon of the youthful topulation of the pncpal seapoxts of Irelanc as might be micined to maek the sea 'their pro. 'feaon. With tais object in view they selected a number ,f their firt-class teachers, the moat remarkable for their 6uentific attainments, and sent them to null, to make themselves thoronghly acaSainted with the practice as well as the theory of navigation. This they have done; and these are the teachers to whose mnaement the schools oi Belfast, Limerick, and Cork are to be ietrnsted. and bg Wv omthefuture schools in the other principal ports o' the counnty are to be conducted. The education ta he afforded is not to be gratuitous, but the charges will be Moderate, and suited to the capacity of the lees wealthy class, althongh there will be no social distine. tion -what2ver recognzed i the admission of puplls. The arZes are likely to range from 5s. per quarter to L& pee quarter; and for this payment the best education will be affo-ded, and the greatest advantages guaranteed to the diligent scholar. It is essumed by the plau contemplated, t7the 'a£ resenting temselves for admissio have received the ordinary education which young people, even of the humbler ranks, noow a-days receive, for the teachin will 'be exclusiveXy confne,d to what the name of the schoW implies-a thorough acquaintance with thu theory and practice of navigation. Thepractical par of the teachtng is to be aided bythe use of a ship, which wil be provided for the pupis as soon as the school is well established and fhe theory of the sciencc is sufciently understood. Each school isto be provided withLanamplee saply of the nowest and most useful insments; and in fact, as we under stand the iatentions of the board, nothing will be snared tc render the schemne in the highest degree successfuLE Aftei a time, it is highly probable that the school will have thi prvilege of granting certificates of qualification to mate and masters of the merchantservice." = TIPPERApy BASiX. A circular has been issued by the Poor Law Commissionern to those unions which had unfortunateh5 their accounts with- the Tipperary'Joint-Stock Banlh informing them of the opinion of the Solicitor. General as to,the mnode of apportioning the losses incured by its failure. The learned gentlemar states that the assets of the unions consistig of cash, at the date of payment being stopped, should be ascertained as actually belonging to each electora3 division, and that the sums so found should be charged accordingly. The justice of this procedure is questioned by some of the unions to which it is recommended. "It is asserted that the balance in the treasurer's hands beinga common fund, it ought to be a common loss, borne equ y by the entire union; while on tho other hand it is urged that a division which had but a small balance to its credit-that balance however, fairl1resntingits require. ments-it would be taxed unjustly if called upon to make good a sum which it neither had nor required." AWYYMRS MiR R oH H7s_ OF CoMXOnS. Mr. James O'Connell's rather indiscriminate attack upon gentlemen of the legal profession holding seats in the HLouse of Coimong, has elicited the followig sharp rejoinder from the member for , " ~~~~~~~Temple, A-ag. 13. ' Slr,-I perceive that, in proposig. Ird Gasglerosse You made some very uncivil and illlbesal remarks or mnyself, o "You boasted yourself a ' country ntleman,' and, by waly of contrast, sneered at I'a -Mr. Jowyer, a lawyer,' among others. Now, you are not perhaps aware that I amn the eldest son of one of the oldest baronets ia the k~ingdom, and owsner of 6,000 aces of land. It so happens aho that, though I have ~the honour to be a mnember of the bai, I do not practise. "Bat, at any rate, I am astonished that any person b-auing your name should come forward to abuse and vily that profession of which the Liberator was the reatest onarnamet. "Isaynteang for my leamed friends, Sericat Shee Pnd Mlr. il'lbos ho ers well able to de-fend themselves, if they thinkc it worth whUlee to do so. for myself, that I came nto inarliamcent pleded to accept no cffice whatever under the groan, and tha I can fear lessaly apeal to my votes as a proof of my independence. " Your obedient servant, "hi. O'Cornell, Esq." " Gr zFor the iirst time since the incorporation of the Hon. the Iri- h Societyindtherbeginning of the 17th cenuRey that body hasM in its c¢lUective or corporate o tpaCity, vsCtedaits estates in Ireland. The Drerri WThebst of yesterday says *.- 9 hefotlowingimefaber a of the soietysarrivedi tLon donnerryon otesday evening and Wednesday, and imh e- diately proceeded to Government House, the zesidenco 'of heir worthy nd esteemed agent, . Williarn Green viz :-Mr. Joseph Traey. Deputy-Governor: Mr iii* A. Rosa, Alderman and Sheriff of L,ondon; *r E1dward h eeobierts, 'ir M eaSId ;lah?lattoPew, r.T.WSos. threeotes,alred assmledt heroon agt prlesent. HitertnoFet eipcesed such Persons mig~ht,fav bee itsee nowi wheirro wver to afford a redress Of the grievanews nothinr tr to Eive effect to . schemes of hmEOratne complaind of, o r' loci-eeffettosce-,D soinielioration ;bsst;as afull curt is now in the locality, much benefit a axciar t Isesult, u it cn carry out y nanyplay bo o anticipted to may babrough zmder it iprovement which rnayy ber h underis notice. It is for the inheabitants o' the district, therefore,' to direct the attention of t.he S ciecy to sutch meatures ts they consider sost'j lutaryt ,id the Society will, it is to ho hoped, dischsarge their ftrunctions-as-trantees and landlords iEi asatiefactory roanner. ly personal observation,and vir ioc intercoure on 'th s; ot, 'theso London gentlemen. will bo better able to judge h]at'tLsey ought to IDo, than th could ~eo longas they sesnainatd at a dist=wc,'and' -w%hie the gathered -ther ii form ati-an through other chininels. Suhmmbro the * osiety as have been here in, former years cannot fall to p s ceive that our fra-de and commerce have improved, and that tlio number of warchousee 'and diveijirfgs of a better 'hIiss has considerbly increased; The arnangemente recently eriter&d into betwe en the-society aend their tenanits for c'onvert.- .,ng renewable leases into perpetnitie3 have tended in part to, predu[6, t2iis result;- and wa are convinced that, if tbuilding 3man f'sluring cindustry would be greatly stimulated in- the i!y and ncighhouxhccd.' THEE FUNDS. Threve per Cert. Co=e*s 95i J -SI; ditto, for account, Septembeor 12 9; 1w *e r' pr Cet. Soclk, 9o54 ditto, -.i accouut, September ;12- ff bernimi pMdlt Ct-rai ° '0 Qwp= ' dP}au e. -u - endBandon.(6iOiid),I2 (i_ea Soathern .and 'W-ses t(50W,L id),.'9,In SouthJEaern (1M'. ~.piad), 75 ; XEllarneyJun4mtion. (20t.'paid), 1QAfl Watersord anKdke irnemy10 {*aLpid), .6, W3tbefr! 4sid .iiierxck (F0k. p3id). 28 271; ditto, for acoi;int, 28- .Average amount of Bank-niotes in circulation, and of Coin h eld dming the iweeks eding Saturdaty Aug, 2,.
A- :~; I'i - I-PREROGAIE COUR.T. SATUIrD:".-AuG. 16&. __ REMXi V. PLEM AND 3EMMM. (Bef(o .Sir.T . Tnnc:Tn1 ... : --. -cr..LOsydel=vrdjd gmentnti cae-hrt easin whc ere rep rte n iz,o= J rh . was a suit, lie said, touchi ng::the.validityrof'-thze will'of Fny Calcraft, otherwise Fanny-Allej4i decessed. .-he wil oe date on thel10th. of September,i81 z~nd thceZe ienthed died on the 28th of A .15ZPoat a ae out' by. Mr. Freeman -and M.Breraer, the ixebalors;!ia Junie, 1853, but it wias called In,-at theinstahee. of Miiss 'BreMer, a cousin 'german -of' the 'deceased,. and they Mere required to sliow tause,why,. administration. of the'- effects of the deceased, as. having- died intesta;te, 'should not be granted to hier as.one of the' next of kinz. The. will was- propounded by Mr. Remaain" &comnmon cosididft, allegine'tbo dte ,execation thereof and the testamentary capacity of the teatatiri.. An allegation, in opposition to the will waslbrought. in by Miss Brem'er,'in wI ihicit was pleaded that the deceasedaleft two next of31dm only'-namely, herself. and:her bzrother, Mr. -Bramer,; uneof _theexecutors; that she was possessed af considerable pro.i 7pertyi3n England, and of a freehold estate atOCalcutta worth! SOO0 . per annum ; that she was, the daughter,of General, Caicraft, of the East Indlia Eervice, and was born-in 1795 t'hat she came to England in 1.805 ~ with her mother and sister, and continuaed to, reside, herea unt;il 135 ; that 'he'r -miother being then dead,. she left herj father a'nd sister in 'that year, and went wt>liePikro oe and other, places in Italy; that in 1830 she 3married -1." Allegri, andI lived 'with him in Romne for six r no'ntbs, -when he -died -that the inxrrisge *as kep e t from-'the father, iauiil, and fzeinds - that in l8Weherer father dlied and left his property oqualy between- his -two 'dauighters, Shortly after whiich she was joined -by her sister, andL they lived together for short periods ratdifferentt p1zcscct%n_th. continent; that. ia 1838 they -t-ook-up -their perzlaneit' abode in Paris, hut the sister died ini 1840, and thie deceased epressed -a fixed. deterniinaton- -by letter and tews never to0 rettain to Englaad; -that'she purchased ?' gra ve 'n perpetuit in the cemetery of Pere la Chaise 'or her sistr. andL herself that sbe was domiciled in France' atthe date of the will andf a. the time of her deatb, -And that her will was not vald because it wae not - executed: in'the French formi. A resp?onsive allegation was- given in by,,Mr. Freeman, in. whiclh it wazs pleaded- that tBhe frequLently'- exp reseed her deterriinztion 'to leave Panls as soon as .hex healt wo-ld 1permit,; that hier propert in .France realized M8.only; that she disliked the clma#e of France and the 3nanners of! the' Fkench people, but dodcared het intntiona to ta'ke a simall apirlm6nt in Paris thet she might occasionally return to visitiher sitrsg ave ad that if she died elsewhere her body' should he brouight and .depmeclte with her sister's; that she frequently cerresponddd wsthi her solicitor in- England, Mri. Freenian, and always -wfote of England as being her counti-, although in some If 'her letters she declared 'chat aliehbad no desire to return to -it ; that. she never appEfed for- Utters of naisiralietion' I= KF'rance, or even for authorizationi to6 establishbber doiniclle; that she 3made her wil in PAris through an Entglissh solicitor, and left all her propert, except of trifling amount, to English persons; that she was n ever- lawfully. domaiciled -in France, either de facto or -de jure, so as to. have ,acquired a domicile of s'uccesnon, according to . he lawsL Of that couIntry. It was 'furtheai pleaded-that in Fr-ance all succession to property, whether ny seli or.zli int eettato, was depiendent upon, andreguae y.telwo ;wha contr wa th deeasd dmicledat the.-time of niasin he wil ad t te tme f hr eath; and, secondly-, what was thenature of tht domicile,and. the lea effect therof ponhertestamentary acts? There coulM e no doutta e domicile of origin wa Anglo-Indian, 'gisd t'hat from 1805 down to 1825 her domicile was~, to allint6xts ad proses, English. When she left' England oni the death of her mother, and went tohRome and other paits -of Italy, there was not any evidence, to show in what particular State she took .-up ler abode. Sho was a mere traveller, going wherever' curiosity or pleasure might ipel her, If the matter had rested there there could have been no piretexice for sassertin that she had cast off her English aid' acquired an Itla don-Acile. It had been said, however, that, while in Italy, she had intermarried -with an Italian gentleman, and if that fact were supported hy adequt pof -twould, in the opinion of the Court, be sufcient effectualy to change the dLomicile. The domicile of t'he wife by the mer~e act of marriage became that of the husband. But how stoodl thepioofs in respect to the alleged mnarriage ? It, was true, that the deceased had asserted the marriage bothi orally and in writ. ing, 'but such assertions, unsupported by other testimony, could hardly be deemed satisfactory or conclusive. The marriaga was said to ha-ve talhen' place in 183, buat it was not announced to the relations for many years afterwards, and the reason assigned - for' the con4cealmrent was, that she had not obtainied, her 'father's'conaeonttoi.t. Her father diedinI83, but she Ud.notzssuuso [the name of Allegruntil after thedeath of hersister, which tok plaein 180. Hor sister always denied ber belief inL the marriage.'- Her will commenced, ." I, -Fanny,Allegdi ade-Caiceraft,"I and it was so signed att-he endl,, and it must be admaitted that the name was used in other documents'; but she declared to ME. Freeman, hy whom the wil was drawn, and wvho, by direction. of the Court under.thes powers conferred uipon it by act of Plarliament, was examined, and gave r-vd voce evidence that Abe' never had beenL married. The Court being of opinonL that there was no saufcient ' proof of Italian domaicile, the nient quaestionL was whether any other foreign domiicile had- been established ? It was quite clelar that there was nonxe, -' 'so; it were in Franc~e. It was not.pretended that tl5 ' i had become a naturalized Fren.ch i.sxbject, or t ,4 ~been admitted by authorization' to' domicele ..orstU int ~France. Was, she domiciled in that corvntz- -x.coidiag to~ the jusgenliunbf Was it her fixed place of abode, oroliA she mneditate retuarning to England? The, duceessed ha -tken unp her abode in Paris in 183, and resided there 'un'til her death, in '1853, but it' it had been jitstly oliseried by the -Queen7s Advocate -that time, alon6jwould' not consHtitte a domnicile. A long duration of residence, hoivever, in one -place wab a material 'ingredient fromnwhich intention maight be collected, especially when. :-%o 'person 'was not detained by busines or.- other niecessary avocations. TXhe deceased had no other homne but Pari, and was not living in furnished. apartmeusts engage by the -week or month 1ut'in apartments which had be en furnished by herself and sister, taken uapon leass for stated periods of years, and-which lease hadbeen renewed by herself after the death of her sister. There -was not a single declaration, he believed, spoken to by witnesses of of her intentionL to return to England. The Couart there. fore, thouaght itself bound to hold that she was domiciled at P'aris, accordingto the.jusgetiunhi but no further. The Wil was mrade in the English form, and it was neclessary to ascertain by -what law the validity or the invalidity of a wil so made by a person so circumistanced as' to domicile, was to be adjudg ed. The la*. of England, he" apprehended, as applicable to cases of thia, hind, was this, that the will must be deemed good' or bad according to the law of the conr nwihthae deceased was domiciled. in thsisac, nteve talken by the Court, the wil muastbejddofacrigt the law of France. What that law mgtbl a etil a matter of some difficulty to ascerti,fr owtsadn the great industry and research ofthcone,adhevr able andl eradite arguments which habendrsedtth Court, and for which the Court felt greatly indebted to theib, there mnight, perha s, remain some reason for doubt and hesitation. Indeed, tteo miens expressed by the very eminent Frenc'h lawvers who had favoured the Court wiVa their evidence were so confictiUng, and the decid-ed cases to whiceh they had referred were apparently so little consisteut: and so irreconcileable 'withaeach other, as to leavei any ne~-"' less conversant with those eases and with theFreu6R cours ina some degreeof pterpeity. Thel3the&ticleof the Code Napa5Icon constitutedthyeFrench lawasto the domnicile of stramigerg. The learned judge then reed the evidence gIve by te French advocates who -had been examined byte rspcive partis ad revewdat greatlbength the casesto which they had 2ef5erdred in supr ofthe opinions, more particularly "Lynch v. Lynch," "1Thormton v. Curling," "1) 'Abaunza's' case,-." Verity, v. 21ackensie," " Brel's case,", "Lloyd v7. Iaoyd," "De Veine v. Routledge,"l "Gil do OlivareZss case," uOnslowv. Onslow," "ALaneuvilev. Anderson,"and' "Baron do Mecklenburgh's case."~- Hfe'also referr'ed to, " Colliery. Rivaz,"1 decided by Sir Herbert Tonner Fusqt. He considered that the deeasedl in this case, being domiciled in ranc according to the jus genUtlsm, but no.further, was.entitied to make an Engliashill, more especially when. all the Partiesbenefitted under it, with-afe* triflingexa p tions~, were English people. The wilpoonedwsi h Eniglish form, there was rio disRpute as-to its due execretion' or the capacity of the testator, and thereforeit was entitled, to uDrobate. - Miss Brermer, under' the clieumstances, wvas' enfitled to inquire into the validity of the -will and.consequiently, so far as s'he was concerned,, lie -would,make no order as to costs. Mr. Bremer had, in the first instance, as. one of the jexecuters,- taken probate of the will but he wa not bound to defend it, when he- was advised that it couds not be sustained, 'The course, 'however,- which he had' taken was bardly that which, could receive thesanction 'of the Court. Miss Bremer had been left to carry on the suit alone' Mr. Bremer dlid not join her, but he conductedl the case on' her behalf, and when her plea was given in and 'witnieases produced in support of it, 'he took upon himself to. cross- examine them: as if he was an adverse party. An applica-' tioriwas mnade to the Court in the course at,the proceedings; to prohibit him from addressing' interrogatoriesi to' the wit- sise,whowere, inpointof fact, in Iiis own favour. The CourtZdidno.t feel itself at liberty. to' jrohiilttM-m,-but it did' not view with satisfaction the course lit 'had p3ursued.' - T.he CouLrt must .do someth1ing to mark its sense of the pr-~O ceeding, and though. it wouladnet visit hi"',ith a serious penalty, 'yet it mnust condemn hmii inu50. coats , 7nomnisi Mr. rannn, te prcterfor iss Breer, asserted ani Cour the 'adournd unil te~,of-,September, therebein onl onecaus'reayfurhearng nidistosec4 of,
l'_: - ::I - - : . 4S& EI., cR R Tp - , T .. l; -I : I . GlDTDFOEiD. Jub (L'. : 1 I IIeJOI se-CIEMP BAUl6 m dand -a Th ki tinti aEio,VM. George;''' m ith, an a'tt'n' i'Chni-ry-lane, sought to-'recodier from the defenda4,~ execute by himafor thit amnint. 'The -de&ndiant')eUd6&~ .that t,he bond-had beei bbtainea by frgu'& maid f e Mr. MIL Chambers,- O.>iMretrdrfestub6 -for the plalintiff;- andMr akssndMrPrtie-o !the defendant.1- t at* '- 0 This cause wasre atthel-sra srm~g srix atxingstLa rwhen averdict -was retured fora' ie defendsnt. Tlheplain. tiff, however, obtained a rule for netrial, ent down to these assises bo hedsRed of., The .issdb6ig 'Upon the defendant, evidence was aduced lo -make out his ;p ea, aiid it appeared that inl&50 the son of the' -was desirouito take the Blue Posts Tavern; in 'the Eay .inarket, and the,plaiitiff gieed to lend him 1,500. -to conixol te th Tchpse,a, pn utheraottge of aa.estate belonging f~~~ie7f1ionthemor.tcaine the couLntybf-ae -Accoraing to the'eviadeiod of hW'd6fendant andhIis jopu,the miortgag3e deeds: wbere-, not' r~a'dy' at' the -time!t_h%t it was necessary tihe: prchase-money -should - be paid CZer, and the ded. in7.qiiistoii ;s, therefore, -executed at the suggestion -of the pIlintiff, -merely as-i temporary security, 'ani&-upon the, express ruclerAta That- awhen the inaortaget-ded should bh cumpletedl'siand executid the bond shuld be' 'ven up. The -Jastnext£oned instrament was executed--by- the de6eidint,]his-son;and a Mr. Wakeling, an auctidneoraid-etate'gientresdini at Chelbsford, and at the former trialallihe three'were examinked as witnesses, anda thy:spoke.othe-circumstances under which the -bond was- e xct it veas never eve read over to ithem, Iaud theyhad niot -The slightest idex that it was to be h-eld as a-ali scu*ritv tid that the paniff expressly proinisedl-to give it up-*hire the mortgag was completed.: Og the.present occasion he defendant and his sor' oalg''were e2 ined, audit -Wso, gested that there had been a difficultn ervinga,subpobn upon Mr. Walkeling. They proved h aeacss'SA6 n the former-trial, and ibi anpered. that the plaintiff, besides the bond, had taken possession of the property secured b1 'the motgha , deh battjwithput tkddhghany *ps-.az ize.he the efedantandWak-eling as, parties to.the bond, aLidnihe defendant. a to paya considerable: sum lid- the' hap vf costs to settle these actions, - - - a. -! ;h e -At tfe fonner trial no evidenco wv Addulced for-the 7defendan',- but on this occasionithe plaintiff ws examined; and he s*ore in-the most positivemanner that he explained to the defendant adi the other parties-who execited the bond what was, the natuxe of.theinustment, and that the were.fuUy aware -that itw = ivenIaR -a Acollateral seco:- -: andhe o stted that he,e-thebond over tothenmh- they signed it. Ie was subjected, to- ery.severe zo'. examinaton by Mr. Hwkins, anid the iiaun6ria s)ii1Llie rtnswefed mnany of the ousiupnt-i wi o ~all satisfactory, and he adniftted that since the last tria he i ha b een in ~- -'muniea ti on-,-wi th - Mr Wakeug anddhatf*he had engaged I 'I value the estate at was the subjectiof the The unu' BARioi, ina sumnming -up, said it wik.-fd1 theiixr7 todwtiede,from the demeanour of theplaIntiff an V3'e,i.o~ tiLo deen-dant aud the other witnee s-who hadbeen exmianrinh -nhis behallf -which aide was ehititled to'&eaft. fECthnnaceeded tocAheirattention to the factzs, Indin i.3'comsi of his observatons he' expressed a strong disap. beingobtied s itnesas o tep resntoesioin. r' The uya immediately returnedaverdict -foX the de- . - DAWSON V. IIUTCamsoV DGTliMS. - This wasan action to recover damages from thedefed. ants, who are the manageranddirectorsofaloancom_pany called the Londlon Exchan'ge Advance Fund and loan Association, for having unlaivfu]ly sold a quantity of furniture belonging to the plaintiff. - The defendant's adbuitted- their liAbility As to a portion of the furnitsfre, and paid 15!. into caurt as the valu-e of that portion.-- - I Mr. Lushi and Mr. Erlis appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Mi. Chambers, Q.C., And Mfr. 3Hawkins wVere counsel for the defendants. ---- Mir. Lusss, in opening the case, descii bea it as one of the greatest oppression that he ever remeidibeaed to hive beard o. The dlefendants constituted a loan socipty, carrying-on its business in Adelphi.terrace, and they were in the habit of inserting advertisements offering to lend money, .andpro mi~sing great facilities to b6r-r6wers. The plaintiff was -formerly in practice as a solicitor at Hastings,ibut in March'of the present erT he va~eku oetals.iief London, but eforeleaving Hstiigaberequiredamadvanee of money, and, seeing th advertisement of: the defendanto, ho ~applied to them to lend him MI0. upon, the- security'of a bill of ae of his furniture. Thek at legth, after a good deal of delay, agreed to advance hima 110L'upon~a in of sale of his furniture, and on the 12th of- April he attended at the office to receive the money', -when,, to his uter astonishinent, a check for 60!. INs. was bandedl to' him. The plaintiff said tht thisz amount was not'sufficient for his purpose, and ask-ed foran explanation how- the 110!. was accounted for, when an account -was handed tohiML by wbich it appeared that 381 was charged for interest for the 18 months the moneywas to be advanced, 12. lOs. ws detadpned as a securitv4or-h,sja 5 -rent, and 4L for the _cod i-*ng th bi?Wae,.thsMaLeg Up theI1101 The ulaintiff also discovered u using the bill of ale fhatthe "comjpany" reserved thleright of selling-the furniture at any time theya ls ed, upoa giving notice to the pladntilffof such being tYeir intention. The plaintiffcomplainedof thesevere characterof-the- conditions imhosed upon him, hut he was told that it WAS the onlyes ayin whitch business was,-done by the office, and being pressed-forthie mnony be accepted the cheek and executed th e bill of sale. It appeared that witfhin three weeks of,this time the de-fendaints took possession of the fumitnit and sold the whole of it, and,although it was represented to have cost originaly 5001., -and tolizvebec-n w-orth at,the -time atleast-2501., the defendantsgave afnaccount whereby they made-the laintiff their debtor to the amount of ,291.17-i- Sdafter the sade. -This eitraordinhrzy proceeding. -tok place- without -any notice, as it was alle~ged,boing giverito-thaplaintiff and the oply pretfnce-. for i2t appeared- to -he'-that the plaintiff-had -reomoved some of his office furnitureto:offici heo.ha htken7 in noisOn.- MI,. Dawso'n, thc plaintiff, ,as exaininedas a witnest, and hie proved- the above- facts as statea-by the learhied o6imsel. He - also said that' no notice of the- iitended sale was ever given to hima until just before it took place,_ andi that -with regard to the oifice furniture, he distinct-ly told'thel defendants that he sbould rcquirb it,' anid that tniey -shnctioned his- taking it away. In answer, to a question put by-t BAMO , d the witness said that, although the defenathd taken the intertest for I8 moniths in advance- theyhdrcie and possssed-theniselves of the whole amon fterdb by the sale of the furniture. - - - His LO sRDS s ia-d, hecoud-noth x --opinionthat such u proceeding was a do robbe-y - Mr. _ChAA,MES cross-examined teplanifwt viewt6 'show-that he had consente to 'thef sale taicsn. place, And that he had also received anotieci-n ac-ordance with the termjs of the bill of sae ; but he positirely demedd that he hnd&done so.- The Cms BAROi o,in the course of.the cross-~exami- nation, ';xpressed his opinion,.that the: parties ought.to; come to some arrangement,-and, after adiscussion, betweehihe learned counsel,they agreed to leave it-to hisTLordship -to state -what the amount of damiages should he, and uo his saying that he thought the plaintiff ought to have 0. nverdiet-for that amnounft was entered. - - This concluded the business of the assizes.
R O Vcout AGEsrEKT OrF hwIAi LITLF.A a-URE nY lX&Trvx:N I2S-2istive gentleman has, throng the,niediuiu of the Director of Putlic Instruction, o ofered a- Eize of B npees to te wrikr ofthe..best es7--oo . tie; wo31gsujet :-" eits'in the -Englisr claracter- 'which.eontributeto ithe commercial.prosperit, of E:ngla-dand, those in the Indian .wbich --hinder that of Idi' Tbe conditions are-. The, essay to be in ulihab, not. exceeding i siZe 50 -y ges of the-Bomb:ay Quarterly Bciiezr_ "adto be accompanmed by a free Guserathee trntion. Competition opened to alL I2 Eacl essay.to bear di tiiguishing'inottd. duplicateof which,- with the writere; nAme zttached, must accomp,ny, in a: Ieparte 'ealed. cover, addressedto-the Director of Public Instraction. The essay to besentrienforbxtheis,tof.lo,ve-nberne<' 3., Any sentence or clause taien- from any printed book, or'' firom any comp6sition npt claimed as orginal b y the writer of the essay, must be mared. with inverted comnas; 4. No ei2n to awardea unless the besf essay " be ci.,idered y the examiners a good contribution tondaian -liheature" -Bnmkay .TZe,_raV and Courier. . MSS -ffl C IG- vehicle, brougght from the.Criine intheArgo steamer, lia asrveA" at the mayors maufactory,.d n a good de o£ inteiest, both from its coDnnexion with the scenes inddci t to the late ar, and- iepeculirity, accordmg tso Phnotions of eariamges, of itB construction; but it 'as, no 'doebt ,well !adpted for the purpose for which it was in- tendedG It is very light, being composed of wood btns -framed on the outside, a34 basket-rork. so much thefashe :nowin Enld. .In theinterioritis lined yith.-sort o= terproof canvas. It has _ fxed head oii the hind'pars an dcanopy ruhinn qthef alllength,`.ith c4rtain a,T theside 'toinclose the i-terior. The front'diTriig!!en,treMve%~n thns the whole formsa sort of 'sms tiltead Waggon, wn *ebbed frame, suspended on the back part, on -wh-to recline, sad well padded round the sides. It is- fitts wdith pttnt breaks to both the hind wheels s as to let 'at go -geutly down the steep hiB of the Ta5l2ib, road&. ,Se bare -no doubt from its aPPeaO-ce that it has beens ele teid 'and_M*ditwUnotWthstj.ndiii itipre§ent r6Ugh4-apearnoe,&-jodfrind tlundedsour unfortunitei country,_ . ame peerfilong ti]M pan.o'bjretd of greathintr.est Haunts (SouthaEiqponl 3pi te i d,e. T[Hz .Fuiix AT IMROADsaI .fla -Con~ ,sequenceof the general 'Ympath s of ' - in ipreDsse, o-anid theos;_- of-assstance that ave come in fro nall quiarters -a co-n inittehe a, ee frn l mong t`he' Atisans whos le8 working tools 'were de.royed byptheett _o6nflagrAtioninloi- owl n t noe are oaei~ly depf tbo Sv ei e- dinenOte l tof sdj bit,O sholde8 qthete b f re.WI edin t nee unlil Mi. fro ~~I i l~ ~ ~ N YW the ncme2sa . o n di g r m ; 'sill owitg in *br ihth um fte lmre evenaftrta hvonbnd
.B OF TUE BIBLE. *TO- IMs P01 TD0RO0 THE TIMES. Sir,-In adding a few observations on this iin~oint aubjeet, I mus rear that your valXAoe espaCo alone prevents me multiplying the instanceC3 contained in this paper. I ma3y.lso state that I ..,nake these remarks in. nos. eontroversial pirit, or with any dezire t-o give n'zonce toany party . The Douai versioP of the Old Testament, made `by Allen 6&leuted for treason in ntland, ; tm ahea b t he rank of 3cardinal in iome, whe'her as a zonsequence or compensation it is not necessr to discuss, and by a few other individuals of no grea mark, and the heims version of the New'estmnent, executed .at the place from which itszxname is borrowed, constitute tha English version d fhe Roman Catholic Church. Some of its tranSations are so obvioiuly biassed that no amount of usharity can save them irom this fatal, brand. -Itwill not weayy ourireaders I trust, if I submit a few instances of doctrinal bias infusing its spirit -where its preseune is alike a scandal and a sin. * In Genesis, iii 15, this version is as follows.- "1Iwill put enmities between thee and the woman, and thy seed and her seed, she shall ertish thy head, and thoa shlt Eie in wait-for her heel." The foot-note inforrs us that ssshe" and :' here' refer to the Virgin Mary. The Hebrew pronoun is either masculne or neuter, not feminine. :The Septuagirut translators . so well understood this that they have justly rendered it " avreo' (he), and our translators, faithful to the original, :a o render it " he." : i Ephesians, v. 32, where marliage is employed by S. Paul to type out a loftier relationship, our tslators render the ofiginel Greek " This is a - great mystey." Ihe Rheruish translatorsrender it *"This *s a great sacrament." One-cannot help sspecting that a proof text wvas wanted for one of -the five traditional sacraments added by the Churcn of Rome to the scriptural two, and that the translation was accommodated to ecclesiastical tradition. This suspicion is streigthened by the fact that the original -word "J puary1piov" occurs in the New Testament 28 times, and that in 27 instances the iThemish translators render it " mystery ;" and in one intance only, and this relating to marriage, they translate it "sacrament." - J In the second chapter of tie Gospel according to St. John, our blessed Lord replies to Mlary in these words:-"Tt Epoat ica cot rvaL." 'These words our Protestant translators have rendered, "Womnan, vhat have 1 to do with thee?"' The translators ot 33heims have rendered thei, "Whlatis to thee and to me "'-a rendering which conveys no meaning. lWhen one remembers that nearly all the Fathers, and none more severely than Chrysostom, understand our Lord's reply as a arp rebuke, one is here Is.o tempted to suspiect that the desire to protect D *.avourite dogma has influenced the Rheirns translators.. This saspicion rises almost to positive prooi -when we find that this Greek phrase occurs, emthem -in its singular or plural form, I think 12 times is the Septuagint and Greek Tew Testament together, and that in 11 instances the Rhemish translators render it as we do, and only in one instance-and this affecting the Virgin Mary-do they evaporate the words into an empty and unmeaning sentence. In Actsii. the command"praroqanre," "repent," and in the Vulgate "agite vunitentiaei," is rendered by the Rhemish translators, "Do penance"-a translation seemingly true to the Vulgate, but really the reverse. Agere otium and ages-e vit4ns are -phrases which every scholar understands, and I dare say the Rhemish translators understood also; but the doctztine of penance was too dear to the Church to be left without a proof text. Hence we havethe absurd translation, "Dopenance." If,however, the original Greek word translated " penance" had been so translated in every instance, one might have respected consistency in spite of bad scholarship. But in the fifth chapter of the same book, and at verse 31, the word is rendered " zepentance" -" a Prince and a Saviour to give repentance," &c. Perhaps it was Lo obviate the natural inference, that if this last had been rendered " penance" the devout laity -would have refused to " do " what is here offered as a " cgift," and thus would escape many a severe imposition. Perhaps one of the most unjustifiable renderings in this version is Hebrew; XL 21, "xBy faith Jacob dying adored the top of his rod." Our Protestant version beint, " lea7ning upon (e:ra) the top of his staff." Ls this strange translation from Rheims should not have its full effect, a note is apuended to the foLlowin3g effiect:-" Some translators who are no friends to this relative honour, have corrupted the text by ranslating it, ' Worshipped leaning upon the top of hIs staf' as if this circumstance were any argument of Jacob's faith, or worthy the being thus particularlytaken notice of bythe Holy Ghost." Singularly enough it happens that at the 9th verse of the 11th chapter of the Book of Tobias, which the Church of Rome holds to be canonical, the following incident is given:-"Then the dog Ohowed his joy byhis fawning and wagging his tail." On this there is also an illuminating foot-note:" This may seem a very n-nute circumstance to be recorded in sacred history, but, as we learn from our Saviour, ther are lots and tittles in the Word of God, that is to say, things that appear mintute, but which have, indeed, a deep and mysterious meaning in them." The act of the venerable patriarch " leaning on his staff" is so trivial a thing that it is unwolrty of inspiration, and therefore the Rhemish translators mustmend it. ButTobias's dog "wagginghis tail" is one of the things that " appear minute, but which have deep and mysterious meaning in them." If this be infallibility it is not consistency. Trench, in his exquisitely interesting and beautiful work, Bnsg7ish, Past ancd Present, referring to the earlyRhemishversion,observes, "IopentheRhermish version at Galatians, v. 19, where the long list of the works of the flesh and the fruit of the spirit is given. But what coluld a mere English reader make of words sneh as these,-' inpudicity,' ebrieties,' ' comessations,' 'longani ity,' while our version has ' drunkenness,' 'revellings,' "longsu4fering v " Or suppose," continues Professor Trench, "if, instead of the words which we read at Hebrews, xii., 16, ' To do good and to comnmunicate forget not,' we read as follows, which are the 'words of the Rbemish :-' Beneficence and commiunication do not forget, for with such hosts God is promerited.' I noticed in my former communication that the Rhelaish translation has long been adopting the version of 1611, and for proof I refer to the passages quoted by Trenth, as compared with the more recent editions. I select a specmeen at random of both versions. Let it be Psalm xxiii. The Rhemish runs thus:- "The Lord ruleth me, and I shall want nothing. He bath set me in a place of pature. Hle hath brought me up on the water of refreshment. He hath converted my souL He hath led me on the paths of justice for Eis own name's sake. For though I should lk inthe midst of the shadow of death, I will fear no evils, for Thou art with me. Thy rod'and Thy staff they have comforted me. Thou hast pre. pared a table before me against them that afflict me. Tho.. hast anointed my hesa with oil, and my chalice vhlch inebriatet-h mc how goodly is it. And Thy mercy wil; foUow me all the days of my life, and that I may dwell in the hosum o the Lord unto length of days." After this clumsy and unnmusical version, let nl read that of 1611:- "The Lord ismy shepherd, I shall not want. He maketh me to lie dowl in gre pastues. He leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoreth my souL He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for His name's sake. Yea, though I alk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil, for Thou art with me. Thy rod and staff they comfort me. Thou proparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies. Thou anointest my head with oil, my cap runneth over. Surely goo.kdness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever." Infact,the Rheims and Douai version is so clumsy, so unidiomatic, and in many places so obviously unintelligible, that the Roman Catholic authorities in England appear to be ashamed of it, and proposals for a new and improved translation are either sanctioned or suffered, and certainly it is wanted. The second version worthy of notice appears to have been the favourite of the Unitarians; but -whether it be adopted by any of that body in their ministrations and pulpits I -am unable to say. It is a very miserable concem, and if it be obsolete it is to the credit of its friends. " The New Testament in an Improved Version," as it is called, was the work of a society in London, which met- in April, 1806, and was avowedly founded on Archbishop Newcome's translation. They profess it their design " to supply-the English reader with a more correct text of the Noew.-esta. 3nent-than has yet appeared in the English lan- gilag,." in order that the animits of these London KImciety translators may not be mistaken-, or the sicred text misunderstood, they have appended. motes. Thus, Matthe-e, iv. L, "Then 1ias Jesus led up by te spirit into tli- desert to be tempted by t.he eovil."1 DTote,-_.tTho historian ia about to describe a Ttsry scene, and not a real event." _110hn, ' 44.-"Ye ar of-your father -the Devil." Mote.-" The Devil, the ynucipE of l ore l evil poraonifLed. This sinboZical person,"1 &c. *Tie-very decided.proof of 'the deityrof theRedeemer, John, viii* 58,-t.} Before Abraham was I s" is "improve' into "'Before Abrahan was born I am he," which looks 'very much- like nor. sense. Btit t m most remar;kable proof of " .im.- provement" is found in John, xx. 2Si w;jre Thomas, at length convinced, capts off ha sce tcsm5 and addresses his Lord in words tht imnply eity,_ " Thom&s answered and said unnto him, My Lord and iy God." The foot-nobe1 on the authorily of Beza, viewsthe address of Thomas, not as a " direct confession," but as au " eclamation, !" In fact, it wvas a sort of~ profane shout, thle creation of surprise ! But it is umnecessay to give further illustratiions. It requires to be read in order to reveal its distanco in force, or faithfulness, or literary beauty from the VerSion Of 1(il. - - In AmericatheBaptists primarily, and that section of- them chiefly widch abjures the theology of Robert Hall and A. drew Fuller, seem to boe :t3h originators of the new version, the directing powers, translators, revisers, council, and committee.- But, in spite of all patronage, this great movemrent in America for a new and improved' version of the Bible has met with a very untoward check. Dr. Maclay, the Pretaident of the organization for this object,.has just resigned his office, and published-an erposi of the whole concern, tinder' the title. of As=tunling Derdonmments. It appears that the Ra. tionalistic elemen'c has been powerfully at work inthis movement. Passages too unequivocally evan-. gelic and orthodox have been diluted in the most objectionable way. The following are a few- in-' stances John, i. L-" In the beginning was the Word, and the 'word was with God, and God was ths Word." John, i. 33.-' He it-is that immerses in a holy spirit.": John, v. 16.-" The Son can do nothing of himself if He. see not the Father doing anything." John, vii. 39.-" Bet this F-e said of the spirit which. those oelieving on aim were about to receive, for there-.ws not yet a Holy Spirit." John, x. 2S.-f" I gave unto them eternal life, and they shal not perish for ever." John, i. 12.-' Wbo were begotten not of blood, nor of a will of flesh, nor ofa wll of -man, but of God. And the Word became fiesh, and dwelt: among us; and we sa-w His glory, a glory as of one only begotten of a Father fullof grace and trath." lNowv, without alluding to the grave doctrinal errors which are thus surreptitiously introduced un3der the g,uise of a faithful and schlolarly translation, whlo does not feel his ear offended by the wanton or wilful alterations in t"he rhythm-and melody and quiet grandeuar of our own precious version? It is not association or habit that makes us prefer the "1 old wine," but its intrinsic purity and fulness. From all the comparisons, or rather contrasts, Ihave pursued, the irresistible conclusion is that the Douai or Rheims tranLationis inspired byaRomish bias, the new American Union version by a Baptist and Rationalistic bias, and the " improved version" of the London society by a Unitarian bias. It has been reserved for our own noble version of 1611 to present an impartial and pure reflection of the original. It is not perfect, but, take it all in all, I do not think we shall see its like again; and most unquestionably the time is not come when it may be prudently or with any practical advantage altered, or, as they phrase it, imnproved. I amn, Sir, youir obedient servant. .--JOHNT Cum~iENG.
THE SARLEIRS AND THE NVEWCASTLE-OHI TMY1iTR fJlOMMRllTFp r. rRl iT The fo)lowing special report, prepared by Mr. Williamn Walker, managing director oE the Newcastle-on-Tyne Commercial Banking Company, gives 'he officil history of the transactions of the Sadleirs with that establishment:- " The managing director has the honour to lay before the meeting a special report respecting the affairs of the hank. "The managing dlrector, in perforning this duty, is compelled to express his annoyance-apld regret at the fact of the funds of tho bank having been most improperly devoted to pu,poses of a fraudulent character, withont the knowledge or consent of the manaagement in Newcastle. The circumstances under which this arose it is necessary to render clear to the shareholders of the company. "It will be remembered that, in December, 1853, the managing director, Mr. Walker. had a severe attack of illness, which ended in total inability to use his limbs. Mr. Walker considers that he had conducted the affi.irs with care and judgment. An average dividend of 6 per cent. had h"an paid from the commencement of thehank, and the capital was deemed safe and entire. In this state of things Mr. Walker and others considered it prudent to wind up the affairs of the bank, discharge its engagements, and divide the capital rateably among the shareholders. "While discussions on the subject of winding-up were pending Mr. Walker opened a communication with his friend, Mr. Alderman Kennedy, of London, with a view to dispose of the business of the companytotheRoalBritish Bank. These negotiations failed. Mr. Alderman Kennedy then conferred with Mr. Wilkinson, of the firinof Wilkinson, Gurney, and Stevens, solicitors to the London and County Bank, and, through the instrumentality of Mr. Wilkinson Messrs. James Sadleir and aw came down to Newcastle, investigatedthe affairs f the banl-,and the bank was finalysold to Messrs. Kenedy, law, and James Sadleir, by agreement between these gentlemen and Mr. Walker, bearing the date of the 6th of October last. It will be remembered that Messrs. Kennedy, Sadleir, and Lan7 agreed to purchase the shares at 5(. per share, with 5 per cent. interest, payable in 12 months, subject to a condition that the shareholders should specify their intention to eell six months before the day of payment of the purchase-money. Mr. Walker. in the contract, undertook to obtain transfers of 4,000 shares, in order to give the purchasers control over the choice of new directors. A board, with a considerable infusion of new shareholders, -was deemed desirable by the purchasers, to enable them to control the affairs of the bank previous to the completion of the purchase.. As the purchasers would be required to pay 5o. per share, with 5 per cent, interest, on the 6th of aOtober, 1856, it seemed plausible and proper that they should have a superintending power over the property they had purchased. Five directors, nominated by the purchasers, were elected at their own time and in their own mode. Messrs. Sadleir and Law, two of the purchasers under the contract, were presenat athe general meeting, when they and their nominees were chosen directors. " '- Immediately after the general meeting a meeting of directors was heldinNeweastile, composed of Messrs. Walker, Sadleir, and Law. Mr. Walker was somewhat surprised at the reuest made by Maessrs. Sadleir and Law, that the cash and bills should be sent to No. 6, King William-street, I London, where it was proposed that the new directors should meet to superintend and regulate the affairs of the bank. The grounds stated for this arrangement were, that it would be necessary for the board to examine the bills before they were placed iii the hands of the agents-the London and County Bank-for collection. Within a month a large amount of cash and bils was duly forwarded to London. " On the 12th of December last, the board' in London, meeting at No. 6, King William-street, began to interfere actively with the affairs of the bank in *ewvcastle. A notice of the discharge of Mr. Peter Davidson, the manager at Tewcastle, was forwarded to Newcastle from London,; nd this was carried into effect. Mr. O'Shea was appointed, by the London board, manager, in the place of Mr. Davidson, at a salary of 50C. per annum. " On tho 31st of January last Mr. Walker -himself received notice from the board in London, that he was to interfere no longer in the management of the bank-the entire responsibility of conducting the business was to be placed in the hands of Mr. O'Shea. Mr- Walker, after having filedtha offices of Managing Director, Trustee, and Public Officer from the commencement of the bank, felt this order ver acutely, because he considered that, until the purchasimoney was paid, the management should remain with himM, an not be transferred to a stranger, who, however competent, had not been sufficiently long in Newcastle to understand the Peculiarities of its commerce and the characters and positions of the customers of the bankr." " On the 6th of February a communication was received by hMr. Walker from the board in London, which amointed to a request thabt the shouldleavethehank entirelmye tMo part of the adon beard, who at that pgeriod had paid no portion of the purchase-rnoney of 50,0001. MLr. Walker's irtmen3esrs was effeetmal and no further efforts were made to "On the 10th of March last Mr. Walker was informed by Mr. Alderman Kennedy that Messrs. James Sadleir, Law, and Keatinge, three of the London board, had allowed the funds of the hank to be used in dLicounting orders of the Tipperary Joint-Stock Bank, endorsed by Messrs. Wilkinsen, Gurney, and Stevens, or by Mr. Gurney only. This, Mr. Kennedy stated, had been done without his knowledge, or that of his co-director and relative, Mr. Valliant. "This was the first intimatioli of the fraud received by MIr. WValker; and the shareholders may readily conceive Mffr. Walkerfs chagrin, when he iound that his friend at the beard in London, Mr. Alderman Kennedy, on whose judgment and integrity he chiefly relied, had allowed himself to ha imposed upon by other Persons at the same board. On the 17th of March Mlr. WYalker discovered that, the sam represented by the--e Tipperary orders amounted to 51,0001. " Mr. Walker has taken steps to prove the debt due by the Tipperary' Bank, but Mr. James Sadleir has created considerable impediments in the way of the proof. Mr. Walker has commenced legal proceedings against Messr. Willdison and Stevens for 16,001. It was expected that the case would have been tried at the last Newcastle Assires, but on the applcation of Messrs. Wilkinson and Stevens the cause has been removed to London, where it is honed that it willhadisposed of in November next. An application.to the Court of Chancery by esrs. Wilkinsona and' Stevers to restrain the actionr has nlot been sudcessfuL' "Tesud condition of t.he affairs of the hank set New-" castlhas exheeded M1r.- Walker's most sanguine e CCa-. tiozui. The bills inL baind have been well paid, aned!26 -Sol- bee -ocnvl esalse . ; Mr . WakriInwcn -icd tht if th bekXd,eu udn n h-lnh
THE ZATE PA'AzL COLLIEPE ACCIDEN:r ZN , . -- I BSOUTil WALES. - - -' .l?ONTYPRJIDD, Aua. 16. r:o inquir, befoie Mr. Overton; coroner of the,rlsrthyi di.trict, into the caues-of the lit- diastrous explosion at the Cyinmerpit was r4sumed this morning at 10 @clock, and again omopied the whole -of ithe dry. lt is satisfactory, however to be &bleto itate'that 'a the wit6e sses whom the coroe ie s thoishm in s-ecessoary tc *ejanie st the' fawts hava nho ghen tlieit tidene, and thero renaina only the Governmen;t -msjtors and-is witness or two to be called by Mfr.Oset he,xr.nid There is,'therefore,' oue 'ro iability tat this otreted investigation will be brougat to a close eithaer an Mdfay or Teesday- To-day the shed in which the inquest is held was crowded by gentlernen pos. sossing ooleries in the ineighbourhood, whho take the deep. esb interest in the proceedings. - The examination of Morgan lowlands, the principtal fireman, and a brother of the overman, was continued after the adjournment yesterday aftarnoon. The witness's attention having been called to the 15th rule, he said :-I know that thatrsule requires that the overman or his deputy shall inintain a constant supervision of the ventilation- during aU vworking hours; but Ido not considertbat'it reqnires'the constant preencoe of one of thlefiremen in the pit. Oa the Saturday before the esplosion I examined David Morgan's stall, and saw the falt there. ~The air 'entered the- stall t.hrougS,h another, rand circulated ronultd tle " goaf'? into the 'atraiglit headng. It being necessary, however, to prevent its entering the straight heading throngh another opening too low down, a half door was placed in the heading so as to forc3 the air over the fall which ha3d tailcen place.-'- The witness was cross-examined at considerable length, but nothing was elicited; which tended the lett to shake his evidence. By the Jury.-It was possibie that after the firemer. had left the stall, and before the workmen -went there; an acca'mulation of gas might take place. It was his'opinion that bhe candle system was the safest. ' By -. Hiiddleston.-The ticket sY'stem was adopted in _consi ence of . sfiggestion by 3r. Hay, but he could not tell whether it was Mr. Mckworthv who first suggested it to Mr. Hay; it vas done after Myr. Mackworth had been vwith Mr. Hay, and he. (witness) was told by Mr. Hay that that was Mr. Mackworth's opinion. *By the JVry.--rthink the-re was enough air on the face of the works near the fault. Before the ex losion I had no objection in my own mind to work the Vso. 3 vein in that pit with a naked candle, but since that occurrence I have altered my opinion, and will not say anything about ib. David Jones was next examined. He said,-On the morning of the exuplosion I ected a portion of the mine, going throngh the straight heading, and into all the stalls, an -well as into the other headings mentioned by the last witness. Onzgoing into t>heupper stall I found fire there. Afallhad taken place, sand I foun a strong cap on the flime inside the lamp, whichb was indicativo of gas. After seeing this -I went back and put up three crosspieces of timber on theroad near th3wiudway, about45yardsfrom the mouth of thestall. On the face of the heading Salathiel and two other min vere 'working, and I told them that there was fire in David Morgan's stall, and cautioned them not to go, into it. Those men 'had been working all night and left the pit before the accident had occurred. I old Morgau Rowlands what I had seen and done. It was my duty always to report to Morgan 'Rowlands, The air 'in the pit that morning vvis as good sa it usaUy was when. I worked there. Comung out of' the hoading when we were on the level, I believe Ebenezer Salathiel asked' me whether I noticed any smoke, aUuding as I thought, to the smoke which generaily came down the intake while the furnaces were being lighted, bat ho did not i'complawn of any gas or heaviness of the air. Cross-examined by Mr. Owen.-I did not mention any-thing of the susoke to the other two firemen at the bottom of'the pit, because I had frequently seen smoke before when they were lighting the fire. iNone of the men there told me that they thought it had a sulphurous smell, nor did -1 tell them that there was no danger in it. By the Coroner.-Never knew an instance in which any * f the colliers had passed the cross pieces of timber when they had been put up. By the Jury.-I have seen the furnace-fire worse on many occasions than it was that morninz, but I thought it wanted some coals on. There is a man in constant attendanco upon the flue. The Court adjourned at 7 o'clock, and resumed this morning at half-oast 10.. Mr. Daniel Thomas, manageor of the Dinas Colliery, in bhondda Valley, gave some mnnortant evidence respecting the manner in which the doors were blown uD the several heads. He deposed that as soon as the explosion took place Mr. Jabez Thomas sent to him to ask him to come and see if he could do anything for himn. Hor went imnmediatelyeto Cysiner, accompanied by two of his firenien. and having descended the pit proceeded to the South Wales arting, where the doors were all right. Twvo horses lay aead bythe parting, and between Arthur's dip and the doruble parting there were no less than six dead horses. The door at Athur's dip was blown out and carried down the dip. AtJohn Cemawr's heading the doors were blown upwards, as was the case with the double doors in Charles's heading. In Moser's heading the double doors were blown downwards. He then proceeded to the door on the level heading, which was blown inwards towards the far end, and was very mnuch shattered by the force of the explosion. His reason for thinking that that door was blown inwards was because the hinges were bent in that direction. The Coroner' here observed 'that this was the most inexpEcable circumstance in the whole proceedings, the evidence of Mr. Thomas being incompatible with the explanation of the origin of the explosion given by other witnesses. He asked Mr. Williams -what his opinion about this door wasi Mr. WllBiams said, it certainly was his opinion that all the doors were blown inwards, and M{r. Evans, the inspector of the districtp, confirmed that opinion. Examination resunmed.-At the bottom of the pit we found Mr. Bedlington, and consulted as to the best mode of getting the dead bodies out. At that time the choke damip was frightful, and every exertion was being made totarn in the fresh air by stopping the doorways with canvass, WVe determined upon clearng up Charles's-heading first. The witness thea detailed at eonsiderable length the means taken by himself and his son to search the mine, each with a different party of men, and its shocking condition after the explosion. jn the folloWiDngFidayhe agail went down to look at the airways and endeavour to find the body of Y-lewellyn Thomas, which was' believed to be in Morgan's stalL After having made a thorough examination of 'the colliery,hisopmioa was thab the explosion took place in David Morgan's stall, and that that explosion produced four or five local explosions in various parts of the Pit. The strongest indications of fire were found in Griffith Williams's heading. A rider had been worked in the horse way and a tender clod between the vein and the rider had given way, leaving a vacancy there. The rider contained more gas than the seam of coal, and if there was any hollow in the stall or heading the gas discharge from it would accumulate. Any concussion in the mine would force that gas down on the naked candle of the workman and produce an explosion. Marks of fire were in Salathiet's heading and some clothes were burnt there, but there were no signs of fire in the stalls of the windway-heading. He thoug'ht that the explosion came from the inside of the work, and that thle door in the level heading was drawn inwards towards it; the fire from an explosion always went against the air and might pass through some headings without leavingyan signL By Mr. Dickenson.-It was not usual in that dingle where arider was not worked with the bed of coal to bore holes in. it to allow the gas to escape. As far as South Wales was concerned, holes were not bored in riders for that purpose. Mr. Dickenson.-4lfning engineers ought to know that that is indispensable whmerenaked cearndlesare used. Vitness.-I think it objectionable, because if the rider gives way the dangerous gas will always accumulate at the top. -I am not aware that it is the custom to bore holes in the north of England. This cavity was open on the side of By tho Coroner.-If there had been a sufficient air current, and wellmanaged, these gases would have been carried off. I consider the system of, ventilation in this colliery a proper one, but some of the airways are certainly too small since the extension of the wors. The system of conveying the in-take and return air courses, with only the "goai" between them, should only be used until a more perfect mode is adopted. The headings in this colliery are not parallel, as is the case with other pits in the Rhondda Valley; if they were nearer the ventilation could be carried on from one to another. I think that 7,000 cubic feet of air a minute is safficient to ventilate Cymmer old pit, and that quantity would pass o-,er the furnace without its being unusually heated. In Evan Phillips's dip the area of one of the anrways is 16 feet, which I consider too smalL I am quite sure that the explosion did not take ulace in consequence of the np-cast being too small. The ventilation of - the collierywould be very greatly improved by maling a conimunication between the old and the new pit, and if I were manager I would make that communication as soon as possible. By the Juy-Ro-wland Rowlands did not tell me his reason for saying that Dlewellyn Thomas's body would probably be found in David Morgan's stalL. Hitherto the evidence of the witnesses, which was given in the Welsh language, had been interpreted by Mr. Mile;I onie of the jury, but, seone cavil arising a to the meaning of particular exuressions, Mfr. Miles delnditrrtn n on~~~~~~~~ ec ed it he reing any more. lJpon this a conversation ensued as towhat was to be done with tho Welsh vitnesses, and Mr. Huddleston applied to the coroner to appoint a sworn interpreter -After some discussion, The Coroner wroto the answer on his notes thus-- Rowland Rowlands said he had a notion that the boy's body would be found in David morgan's stall. - By Mr. Owen.-Tha air was Tery weak in the face of dthe South Wales heading. I believe it is 30 yards behind the woking. I was in the jp1t wit-h two Aberdare men, when -we walk-ed from the straight heading to Salathiels, and said "Ihopeforthe Sakeofthe boys," mea;^ngi owlandRowlands and suni brotner -atorganu, -w'h'o had th(eman~a-ugeme-nt ~o~fth-e pit, "that thisis not the maiuairw&y."I said that becase I conisidered it too aniall.- - By Mr. Huddlest-on.-When Rowland made the observation. about the body of the boy they had bieen searching all day for it. On WednesdaY I told Hoster and Thomas Bntler to search the straight heading, but it was too dangerous to go there. I was in David Morgan's s4all last Saturd , and saw threo pieces of timber near the windway, bout 'yards from the entrance of the stall. Fostr and Buttler searchled Morgan's stal and found the two caps; she still is 66 yards long and 22 broad. It sometimes P-app ns that where there are faulte and other difficulties beading Cannot be carried out parallel. The letter written by Mr. Ovwen to Mr. Insole respecling lhe dismissal of the old'firemen and the' consequent strike was here put in after a great deal of discussion.' It was laced on theevidene bythe exuress desire of the 'u in deference to which Mr. Hudzlest6ai withdrew his objection.- Mir. Owen. then called Mforgan Richards, wIho exs,reseed a desire to give his evidenco in Welh. 'Mr. Thomr - Morgan was accordinglY s1wr as intreter. The witness said tha,t he had been a collier all i ie n was first appointed fireman at Cymmer, at the time' of the strike in 18504; he,bad also been f reman there since, thve explosion. 'The colliers objected to his being fireman at t'he timne of the strike. He rema,i,ned fireman 18 months. The reason he left was because' It appeaed to him that there was too much fiedamp in- the einoe for -the safey af the t ;men, asd ha eoompWne t Wi. Jabe3 Thomasabout it, Bdore he womr,pan to the inwazeri_a hmAdtalkd -thoe 2Rowl fnd iit fhe ecuitcnDe of fire-ai in' John Cninawe's hemfta~ -and- B-owhad Jio=lnd told hi n to e dtoo NO oe Apu and -nt e to Ea. P ho e plained, tb reqes fith -dt3e,was -Wheik i ke, up ;tr anyiJijagabo~ za& , __ ha in- vw)it I nLever knew' anythaming abot." s u 'IT - lah &if n10 orih menand SoW I timber were Vaa,tetey oed of d, tha; Ih nOithor MTr. S his itl;fhim lieshedouI tho fPare-abYtnp to inanie sa"-to Pride , -I thouk bi-hd Dgk tlei teiwithin IIorgn Zzi an dR W. I Il Io go lUt the pi a- tt moi." fiA trey vesnt there thefound 60- yards of fire-damp in it. Mr. aiga ar dednidhiaoffinek of interpreter, whick at the request of the( ouroUer, Wwa tgai, e -uphi y.hr. Examination r,eMsOme-When-he inet the twDiitowlandX at the office, alter the iep.ir of -te stall, t;orgoA raid it ws, hay waitue's) lies about the fire da , oft ic hh e suadto Mr.-Thoi* W ;Iitn o, -are -aking their tewstiriny enainst .ine I will notgsntotepitanymiore."A~ "---- en 5d tmckonWoft ds,ew andsnda bQ ol 10wed- A bag (a hmound to maim the airo panes higher, and thl cleAr asway the gas in the cvity)e was ut p in the 8tall, and after that Mr. ay could nohere ud whaere the' filre-damp was.When the Aberdce fee wfeg t down the at he deired thenm,to examine the stale-in John Ciemiawres 2adn.r Since the baxploion he had- been down' adnd pin out the u talz-speevtmng-hi e. thby dispute Arose. He nored a hole in the - dowhibh -b-iitl to the top there to wall in the gas;-tha loiolewa~as- eaUts shead; thega 22mme-aintelyissgued out end. on.risingD hi safety-lam p't fired. immediately feethem alned nthelole fapLndZwent fo ri sven men, towhomnhe sbo.*6 Lhedfre. Alterconsulting to_ g o Lv Pnon-the heLd. feart g makethe o~~~le-toole ,for 9erto &hgs wonldfind 'Its imy to the 'flue.'~'a nearly all o t aprset. -Th'eir opinion wag~ tht -themi were fronm 100 to 120yaras of fire--damp there. The stall was fuil to the mouth.Y He reprted onLthat itall andI -1elt the work, because the cives of the mneilwere intrnstid :t6 him, and lie was afraid'he should not be allowed. hisaw,j wayincar~ngthe air. John Griffths and WilamMe-e-a dit:tldhi= tat there was sulthur in th old workij. Mr. RIay wsnobsent down tff l~oturdays after'he mid the comn Maint.' Witnezs ha been sisice wborking in the new~pi± an adtold them plainlythat he -would never workein the old it aslong as theirowla -ezethere. - - Mr. Bar's report; which was here read, state-d'that' there-wasitomore than two cubic feet-.of gas. in-the stall at the time lhe examined it.: If there lied been anything dangrou ithadbeenkep frm hm ad 1&.' Thomas.- By he ury-I as eve deire -b Rowl&uds to clear a fall no di Irfiseto do o. he nlyquarrel 'we' had The rocedins wie agindjounedtill Mondlay (this
THE COLLIERY XTPIOSUOX IYEAP OZDBEU. DUtDLEY, SATURDAY. Two inquests, on bodies of theunl'ortunate men who were killed by the eiplosion a t Lord Ward'e Ramrod-hall Collieiy onWedbe day,-asbiieflyreportediri1c A mesof Friday have been opened, and -adjourned in 'order that the evidenc of the inspector of collierie3. nd of the aes a taken. The deceasedlhaving-bee mv o- tseiroybe the b~~~een remiovcd to their 6wn homes, andte counties of worcester and Stafford at this place being intermixed, the inquests necessaily cane sr the jurisdiction of two coroners, and accordingly, yesterday, MIr. Docker, one of the coroners for Worcestershire, opened an inquiry at Rates-hill, near this place, on the bodies of three of the deceased, named Richard Cartnright, Thomas Shaw, and Thomas Ronad. ?No cidence beyond the identification of the bodies was' taiken in this case, the inquest being adjourned for the present. The second inquest was held at Oldbury before Mr. Binchliffe, coroner for Staffordshire, on Thomas Baker, the butty collier, William Simpson, Joseph Fallows, and Samuel Willet. John Backwood, the first man who. went dowsn into the pit after the explosion, described the condition in which he ad found it. The bodies were in a frightfully mutilated condition, disembowelled, isith limbs torn off, and altogether formed a mass hideous to look upon. A pair of gates in the second " bolt hole," about SO or 60 yardsfrom the bottom, was blovin to pieces. There was-a regular gate road airway aU the way round the workdngs. The air would have gone down one shaft and round the workings into and np"the other if the doors 'had beenkentright. There were also two other doors 25 yards from the bottom. One of these was blown to pieces like the first pair of doors mentioned, but the other had been taken off its hinges and placed against a stable door to keep the horse in. In l op don the accident had been caused by the first pair of doors having beenleft.open, and the air, therefore, was not properly turned into the air heads. The door bain left open, the back part of the workilgs would fil with sulphur and cause it to get near the up-cast shaft. The door being removed would take the ventilation from the back part. Mr. Brough, the Government inspector, considered this accounted at once for the accumulation of foul air in the mine, if the one gate was removed (as stated) to pnt against the stable, and the other gate left open. The witness said he considered the sec:ond door had been removed before the accident. Ei. Brough.-Then that 'would be canse of the accident, ifit was so. William Bastabie, banksman at the pit, deposed as to the circumstances immediatelyprecedingtbeexplosion. Hesaid the first lot of men went down without a safety lamp, and then called for one just as the second lot of men were going downd(afescribed in Mida's paper.) The butty, Thomas Baker, one of the -deceased, hearng the call from below, said to the men about to descend, " Get in, lads ; they don't want ne'er a lam there's no suphur, I should think." A shovelful of ae was -then placed in the skip instead of the lamp, and Baker and the men then descended, on which the explosion took place. They did not take a lamp downavery morning; one was only taklen down when the men thought there was sulphur. The men did not worlk after 1 or2 o'clock on the previous Saturday, and the pit was trot used from Saturday to the Wednesday when the explosion took place, The horse was left in the pit 'wthout any one to see to it from the Saturday to the Wednesday. Reard Baker telihis grandfatherto go to the office for a lamp, but before he returned the men had descended into the pit. Baker ordered the engineman to lower them down. John Burton, the engineer, proved that there were three safety lamps about the premises. When he let the last lot ot men down into the pit he had orders to do so from the butty. Mr. Brough-Why did not they wait for the lamp which had been sent for? Witness.-I can't say howit was. I went by my orders. hIx. Brough said it was clear that two rules had been broken. One was a fundamental 'ale-i.m, that sufficient ventilation should be produced in the pit, and this could not be done without a furrnace or some other artificial means at the bottom. These had not been provided, The second rule was a speclal rule as to the examination of the pit, and which was to this effect .-" The manager or his eputy, or, in hisabsenee, the charteMster or his deputy, shall examine the state of the workings everyday previously to the colliers commencing work, or. more frequently if n1ecessary, and shall be responsible forthe proper conduct of such wvorkings. Be shtall in such examination use safetylamps if necessary, and shall see that a certain number are alwiays kept ready for use." aux. in,. -prcce, zsue ground bailiff of the colliery, describea the gate roads, -which were parallel to each other, and between them were bolt-holes. In each of these bolt. holes was a gate in order to mnakethe air gG round the works. Al! theintermnediatebolt.lcoles;ueredamme4un. It was the duty of the buti;y to keep these doors shut. .1e consideredl there was plenty of good air to ventilate t-he pit. He examined it on the Thursday pev-ious to the accident, andl found it so. Coulddnot say whietberthe doors were thenall up. 'Was not aw&ar of one of the doors having been re. movea to the stable. He had kjaown of sulphur being in the holes, but not to any extent. Thomas Baker, the butty, reported to him The exitence of suflphur there a fortnight before. A. be had heen usdat the bottom to prmote ventil-ation when the suilphur was reported by Baier. It was orderedl to be kept burning, anid he believed it was k-ept bushing until the Saturday before the explosion (which took place on Wednesday.) He thought the primary cause of thee o~sion wms the leaLvin-'open of the doormi the secondhbolt-hIole. lie had no douiit the sulphur fired in thes-haft and that it was ignited by the fire Uken by thlle second lot ofmen. In all proba'bility if thesafety-lamp had been used that morning the explosion: would not have occurred. The roads were nine feet wide and the samae in height, and the belt-holes the same. The isetor here rxemarkedl that he never saw work better drive out inL his life in Staffordshire or Worcestereihire. and rarely so Vron. The witness further,in reply to questions put to -him by the inspector and the coroner, said ho had given orders on the previous Thursdaz for the ground to be got out for a farnace, andthat he believed the doors were open after work wzas sulspended on the Saturday. Thomas Baker, the geandfather of the deceased battv corroborated the aitness Bastable as to hts being seat foa lammi lle had noticedl alight appearances of slphur- in the pit, but to no extentb r. Sxmitnhad givenorders forthe pit totbe explored onA Wednesday; hat it was afterwadts thought to be impracticable on account of the height of the water. Tius was all the evidence taken for the p-esent, ane toe inquest was adjourned to the 26th inst., when the Government inspector is to be examined. That gentlem,an intimated to the coroner that ha kad reported the occurrenoe to the Secretary of State and' expected to TeCe*ve a special commnunicaheon with reference *hereto. This was one of those appalling accidents -wbich attracted the attention both of fhe public and of the Government. It is expected that some of the inaured men will be examiined on the adjourned inquiry.
Hmi ROYAL TGIM THEDUI SS AND PRWCESS S-A2Y Or CAvBRIOE.-Dovx, Ang. 17.-Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge and her Royal Highness the Princess Mary of Cambridge, attended by Baron Xneaebeck, arrved here lat evening, from London, shortly after 7 o'clock, and were reoeived at the sttion ib Colonel Streatfield, the commandinti Captain M-llwain Admiraltv superintendent; Captin- Smithett, of the Roy nd Imxerial mil serviee, &d *' numerous asemblage. -A ardI ohonour, oDuipoed of the 79th I*ghlanders, under commandof Col6nelDoil reeeivedtbe loyalp wtli band playiniEgan -o- at theutrance to tfie st0tlo. ana oya salute was fired frori the heights. Their Ro.Z 3ehnniemws re: conducted dowi the Admiralty pier by Co.onel Streatfied: ana C&PUin Mvwine, sn were received'onibord tblien Ine;lalnplZelw;pEo (speciaLly ordered for the' occason),,. by Mr. Churchwa~ iE nin ingrectr-of the se±vice, -and CaptajnJeukr4i the supexiteuident, andiinimediaey iBsid for Cdiais,
