DEATHS. On the 21sb of May, at Faneraith. Orange River, South M.co, in sis 12th year. Atheists Caohrbet Mrhals , the eldest esuovivieg mu of 7An. Than Mar,hsII, of Dupps'-hlU, Croydon, Surrey. On the 1ch of Jana Is oa board the harq,ze Peregrine Oliver oil 33en atIlza W-Utam IFederiik. youngee, eon of the Eate ThomnaSharpe. of No. 44, Biehosgse.sztreetwithain, a 3ed 3tL On th 19th of July, at Ages, of choler, Wifliam, recoudron of the late Rer. blichad Terry, rester oS Delmeruec, kant5, aseen 39. OxTnTadwY. the 211th nt, at Stonehouse, Devon, Adoniah Sclmryler, Esq., aged 45. On the 2Sth nTI., at Valett Ulslta, Caroliue. the beloved wie ofSamuel B. Smyth, rEq., saed 30. On Saturdac, th4 30th nlt., a' Tarporley. Chrahire, aged 5°, Ths, lordDinmvile, M(q. On Tuesday, the 2d iust., a' Buclanham, the wife of the Bar. J. On the 31 l4nt., at Crouch-end, Homnsay, after nine days illness, Ur. MltWrd lOhInson. in his 55th searw: ad. o the £th,hWseldesteson Willi=n io his 27th year, after 43 hours eusterina from the s,am m- Indy, recalting from his attendance oa his deeply respected pareat. The tstter cempliled in his devotion to hi3a honoured aud highly ex- ,=Pdae pVrent the nobleat vroofs ot Chrisian Mel duty and affe tion. On the 4th last., at Lodge Phkl, county of Kildare, Arthm Hey, Esq., arg, 75. On the th. inst * after an.illness of only two days, Franais James Hawlian, T. .of Wilderucas; Colt.ige, Itastigs, and formerly of Gosmore, ear Eite . HersagedM 62 On the Sh inst, at Chcstei-Dare Kenningtoo. Sarah, widow of the late Thomasn iatihx Greening Simands, Ess, aged 74. On the 5th inst.. at Ryde, Isle of Wight, }izabeth Charlotte, second razghterof Sir James3 fellowes. On the 5th inst.. alter a rhort Mlums, Francis Polson, of Lincrln'sInn, Esq., barister-at-law, aged 4S. On the 6th inst. Frank, second ran of the late Johm Skelton, Esq. of the Bin of Eneland, aged l5. On the 6t inst-. suddenly, of eIilepsy. while on a visit to willam Gilmon. s 1, of Twickeara, Charles BiwraTd Lmbert, Esq.. late of the StLa Ki;O.L-. only eom of William Charles Lambert, EPsq, of Xnowle, florsethleire. On the 7th inst. Pt Richmond. H3e=r W aM. yoset eoni of MrCho' aWcV. Ea,'clhsc, of 15, L%andowne- ciurs, South Lmeh Oln tha 71th inst., a~t Lady ~eni I?e'er-Peincll. EznQ., of Canterburry. Oa the 7th Inst. a-. Somerset Cottage, South-sa, Pants, Grace LindarinY%Pen. wie of Horstio Y. Kipper, Faq., 4SthjBegt. On the 7th inst, at Wetherlngeett Rectory, Saffolk, Francis John, ypongugo zon ot the Rev. Robert and Charlotte Moore, agedl3 3ears. On Sunday, 7th inst.. at eourhvorg. Deonetement du. Nerd, JaoserIalter. Eon of Walter Coplarloan tdcliffe, FAq, of Warklei, Dreon, a.ied seCen rearsand two mon;hl. On,the 7th inst., af ter a lingering Illness, Theqm%s third so f Nastthins SLe. Fsq., of Strhston-b"hs and late of Woborn-ilace, Russelsquare,V ne23. Oa Mornday, the CthD int, at St. Albau's, the iafant eon of Mr. Edward teli'n. On the Sth tush, in the 755 Year of his ame Chawles Breochley. Rsq.. of Dernmark-hil Canmberwcell, and formerly of Mlaidstone, iuthe coanty of Kent.
? I TueeAy Eientgij. Tha quotation of gold at Paris is about- 62 per -Ie Premium, and the short exchange on London is 2530 per 11. sterling. On comparing these rat.es with the glih Milta rice of 3. 17 lXd. per ounea for standard gold, ii appears that gal is naearly 2-lOt-ha per cent. dearr ia Paris than in By advie from Hamburg the proa of gold Is 425 per mark, and tha short exchange on London i 1333& per 11 sterling. Standard gold, at the EngEh iUh price, is thereforerathermore than 6-10trih per cent. deare in Hamburg than in london. The course of exchange at New York on London for bils at 60 days' sight is 109. per cent., which, zn compared with the Mint par between tne Iwo countries, shows that the exchange is slightly in fievour of lihigllnd; and, afte making tallowance for charges o trnprt and difference of interest, the present rate leaves a trifing profit on the miporiation of gol.d from the fited States. The trsnscions in conexion 'with the settlement of the Consol aecount which takes place to-morrow have exercised a further unfavourable influence, and the English funds have closed to-day with great 1 heaviness. Consolsformoney, which left off yesterday at 94O t-o ;, were first quoted 94q to l7, but they relapsed to 94@ to i, and remained without secovery to the official close. After regular hours increased weal-nem was manifested, and there were eallers at 944 for noney, while for the 8th of October the price was exactly 95. Consol Scrip left 6ff at 3i to -s Pm.; New Three per Cents., which closed this afternoon, were finally quoted 95i to -; India Stock was at 232 to 234; Exchequer-bonds, 100k to 3; and India-bonds and Exchequer-bih, 340. to ITs. pm. There was a further increase in the demand for noney to-day in the Stock-Exchange, and also for commercial purposes. Numerous applications wee rcade to the Bank for advances on stock, as well as for discounts. In forei securities the transactions were unimportant. There was an absence of business in Buenos Ayres Stock, but the marketremains heavy, the nominal quotation beina 70 to 75. Other deZcriptions were likewise without activity. Turkish Four per Cents. Guaranteed were negotiated at 103k and'i for money, and 103I for the account. The Six per Cents. were dealt in at 103I. Tne other business -comprised-Ecuador New, 15; Grenada Deferred, 7-; hIexican, for account, 22, ; Russian Four-and-a- Half per Cents., 98 ; Sadinian Five per Cents., 92i and As; Spanish Three per Cents., 44k; thelKew Deferred, for money, 2;for the account, 25 and 25ji; Spanish Certiiacates, 5,; and Dutch Four per Cents., 98--. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rates for Amsterdam and Hamburg were a shade lower. On other places there was no alteration. The final quotations of the French Three Fer Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 7'Of. 9Qce for money,and M1f. 15c. for the end of the month, showing a recovery of about three-eighths per cent. About 15,0001. in Australian gold was taken to the Bank to-day. The Frankfort Bank has raised its rate of discount from 4 per cent. to 5 per cent. The step, as was the casewith the Banks of Belgium and Pzussia, I has been resorted to on accobnt of the large exporta- I tion of silver; but it can have little effect in arrest-. ing the drain. The Hamburg ad-vices describe a renewal of the pressure for money, the rate of discount having again risen to 7 percent. The letters from Russia contain little commercial intelligence, attention being absorbed by the Coronation. That ceremony having now terminated. some particulars will probably soon transpire with regard to the contemplated concessions for railways and other public works. A large business is going on in all kinds of produce at prices that must leave a lare profit to the growers. The shipments of wheat from the Sea of Azoff are still considerable, and France takes the greater portidn of them. A numerous meeting of dissentient shareholders in the London and Paris Bank took place to-day, Mr. D. Larnach presiding, when resolutions were passed appointing a committee to tuge upon the directors the necessity of -winding up and of postponing the call fixed for payment on the 15th inst. et appears that the chairman and Mr. Hartridge, with several other proprietors, endeavoured to induce the directors to summon a meeting on the 3d inst. to consider the position of the undertaking, but that the proposal vas declined on the ground of the requisition being informal. The directors have since convened a meeting for the 19th inst., and have advertised a call of 201., payable four days previously. As already 30'. has beenpaid, and a considerable number of the shareholders are averse to the company being carried on, owing, as they allege, to its leading features having been abandoned, it was agreed t-day to depute five of the body to confer with the Board and to obtain - the postponement of the call until after the general meeting. The whole of the parties present were favourable to an immediate dissolution (none others having been admitted), and someasserted that if the directors do not meet the wishes- of the maiority they wvill appeal to Chancery. At the close of the proceedings an adjournment was determined, to. ascertain the result of the meeting on the 19th. The wveekly reviews of the Amsterdam and Rotterdam produce markets state that the transactions csontinued unimportant. There wras greater firmness - n coffee since the late sales of the Commercial Com- pany, but little speeulative demand prevailed. In i sugar, raw or refined, scarcely any alteration had occurred. The inquiry for rice was chiefly limited to orders for immediate consumption. Cotton, owing to foreign purchases, showed a tendency to improvemtent. The Spanish Financial Commission have advertsed an auction of the foreign redeemable debt to take place at DMadrid, for which purpose 589,725 1 reals hase been assigned by the Govermment. The amount paid into the treasury of the East India House for bills on India from the 26th of August to the 9th of September was 44,0991. Annexed is a further communication regarding delays in Chancery. 'hir,-Notwithstanding the outcry which from time to time has assailed the proceedings of the Court of Chancery, and the attempted reform of its abuses, instances continualiy occur to remind us that the great source of compLaint, the enormous delay in its uroceedingsill exist Such an instance l desdre to brIn under your notice It hbs arisen under the joinEt-S Company's Windin.'.up Acts, the objects of which are no doubt laitdable, and wuld be beneficial vere they not defeated by the ciunsy and inuffcient machinery applied to carry them. into effect "In lS60 an application was made to the Court of Chaincery for the winding up the affairs of the Great Western of Bengal Railway Company. Unlike many comp anies rwhich came under the operation of these statutes, this comlpany had no debts, save a solicitor's biDl, and w;aa posseessed of fends amounting to severalthousands of pounds. ll tlu.t wvas required to be done wvas to ascertain the pairtiesbo wrere entitled, sad to distribute the f nnds among "Master Hlumphry is the Master of the Court charged with the winding up of the company, Mr. Quilter is the cfficial manager, aDd 31essrs. J. and W. Galsworthy are employed asolicitors. Ore would think this was a staff sufficdent to effect the very simple object in view, yet,though six years haveelapsed incetheald of the Court of Chancery vwas invo'ked, tlai object has not been attained. "It lisdifficuit to ay what has been done, or if any reel progr-3 has been made in winding up the affairs of the company- The only result yet arrived at i3 a considerable diminution of thefuitms to pay cosst, and tho' consumption of much ti:me in fruitless znd seemingly endless attend. ances.- " The list of parties entitled is not only not settled, but -t does not appear to be yet deterinned on what principle it uisto be made up, and, unless a ver7 different course ia dopted from that hitherto followed, the probability is that b,fore the principle is discoveredthe fundto be divided will becx.iaLstd "tikticase is a fogra i example of that 'delay which istl!e 1esettir, evil of the Court o Chancery, and it sLo-r tie necessity of removing the luriediction under the Winding-up Acts to some lees encumbered and more expe ditiors tribunal. " Whet}her the delay is caused bylthe forms of the court or the nrgiect or wanr of dccision of individuals, it is not may intenden now-to inluire; it is the delay of which I complain-delay which I amiustifued in calline disg<raceul, fcr it bzic s contempt on the Court whish toerates it. retiects discredit on all§ the p-acties concerned, and is aticn. laly unsatisfactoryF to " A SHlARREOIiint Thle followingr is from the Soulth-Western Hotel - Ass-oiation- "South-Western otel Aessciation lImited, 2, RPoyal Exch.ange--buildings, Sept. 9.: Sir,-The wording of Messs Birchim and Co.'s letter in T7Le Tinss of this day, would seem to imply that thy; had r_3ver been concersed for this association, which is ir. Correct. " I be-' to add that Mees3a Walker, Grant, and Wati. 31 m, c`bdord-row, are now the 6olictors to the eciatuon. "a Er, Sir, "J oHNy' OVEE-. Jun.. Stre.t;a t,.ms." [Adverisement }fred Latha., Eeq. is t-io pmtIEcman reommended by the Court of Directors of te kasie ef England toilil the asao=y in the direation- occiEcned by the deccaso of Henry James Prscot, Es.
I BAZLWXE NPA XXZlN-SMABES. - -. Tueday Evening. The railway share-market was rather AdullA and prnces in some cases presented a further slight decline. in Indian and foreign there was no great change, but quotations showed heaviness. Few operations tookplace in mnisceUaaneous shares. Ottoman Bank, i to Ic dis.; Bank of Eypt, 1 dis. to par Nationul t)iscoimt, .4 to 1pm.; Riga, 1I to 4pm.; Pernalmbu, i to 1 pm.; Lombardo-Venetian, .6 to i-Dm.D Bank of SwMitzrland i dis. to par; Ceylon, 14 to ipm.; Bengal, g to I pm.; Epates, to I pm.; and London Thacowat, 4 to X pm. Jointktock bank shares showed some increaso of firnmess. There are no transactions in those of the 1toy"d British, although many persons would be willing, as was formerly the case in Thames Tannel shares, to pay large suims to be relieved of their Lability. onDmAny S YA;F3S 2A?D STocx
: I ~ AXLWAYF INWTRLLI%NCE. - -- AST AIGLLAL-N. - 1w "an-Yeary meetwg of this oompany washeld yesterdaat the Lonadon Tavern.; Mr. H. Bruceinthechair. ' he report, an abgtract of which has appeared in 17ic TImas, 'was tken as read. - The CHAntan-, in mnl the ado tion of the re z t "aid, theirline was worked bythe Easern Counties Co=pany, and hehad great plesure.in stating that the traflEbo the line had not only increased, but was regalarly and steadily irnoroving, and waslikely to doso in fture. In the towi Land neighbourhood of -Lynn, where their princip31 staton was situste, there was &n -improved feeling inregeard to omnmercial matters,. snd-he had nro doubt that in thecore Sof a year rr two, if 3he traic had fairec lrs tho nd fro the port of lynn, that it would podmce somf co nsiderable ohen'vtheirlie. -New works tndhmaoufactures were proeeding at Lynn. and ther "was er prof abit eof ahe largaamoun eofrcapitalbeing attracted thee or omercalpurposes. The wrigepne n diectos The worigepseofteEtrnCnie Compa-ny of course afce hm:e. osdrby n those -were increasbdy runnx risnawyta ile tso profi,t. ,Someo the--an werewreatact of nearly 100 per cent on the receipt. He would mention one case which he had investigated Iast year, ond he found that the traffic averaged one-tenth of a ft-ass passenger and one-eighth of a second-class- passerger per train, bein the average for six months. It was a queation how long such things should be allowed to go on. He and MY. Simpson, tedeputy.chaitiran, had done all they could to call attention to tmose matters, but without effect. By running a greater number of trains than were necesary the mileage expenses were made to appear exceedingly low; at the same time the aggregate expenses were larger than they ought to be. Passenger trains run with only a few carrsagea'andl goods trains with 25 loaded trucks,rinstead of M0, bad tended lo increase the mileage of the trains, and had had the effect of makdng it appear that the cost per train mile was 20 ncr cent. less. The qiestioss of all others which Was most inmortant to them was the coal traffic, in respect of which Mr. Simpson and the board had been trying to obtain redress It appeared that the Eastern Counties board in 1852had entered into a contract withx Messrs. Prior to carry coals at about ahalpen pertopermile, being allowed 1 cwt,per I ton of additonarei,ght. To justify that arrangement at Ithe time it was entered into the working expenses were represented to be very low. The maintenance of the per3nanentway was put down at one-fourth of the cost it ought to be; other items of expense were set down in a simirar manner. It was nonsense to make edstmates of profit where none esisted, butin the conrze of the last six months the contract had expired, and a new contract was in course of being rnade. The working expenses of the coal traffic, at one halfpenny per mile, were 44 per cent., and byadding the 5 per cent. extra weight made it 46 per cent., but at three frthingser ton per mile thb working expenses would bI bzeduLcto 27 per cent. '--They wouldd all see that by a small addition to the charge the e_penses would be greatly r reduced and the profits increased without affecting the sale ofthearticle. ie and er. Simpson had entered their solemn protest against thr renewal of that contract for coals. - t would, if granted, give the parties 3 complete monopolyofthecoaltrade- over the lines in theEastern Countiea district, and prevent the demand being incrctsed by wholesomecompetition. Thenextmatter that affected them was the 'Norfolk agreement with the Wells and Fakenham, which, if adopted by the Eastern Counties Company, would inflict great injury on the East Anglian Company, as by that agreement the Wells and Fakenhan would be entitled to one-third of the =oss traffic to and from it over the Norfolk Railway. That arrangement would enable them to carry coals from Wells over the Norfolk line on such terms as would amount to a breach of the agreement by the Eastern Counties Company ; but as yet the Eastern Counties board, hiad opposed the proposition, and the matter remandeior fouture cAdosderation. He had informed the shareholders bv advertisement of his intention to withdraw from any active interference in the affairs of the Eastern Counties Company, as he would never be a party to.paying dividends out of capital, nor take that whch belonged to one thing to payfor another. It was perfectly clear that the permanent way had been allowed to get out of repair to increase the disposable sum, and it was unjust to postpone the necessary expenditure to risk at some futuretime not only the ordinary, but the preference dividends. It was proposed to put the 175,000& which had been expended on the permanent way into a sort of suspense account, and to pay it offin10ytearsa the rate o17(0!. a-year This wouldladdlsonmuchto the worling expenses. Their agreement with the Eastern Counties Comnpany stipulated that each half-year should cover its worklng expenses. They could not charge the East Anglian more than 50 percent. for working expenses, but they had no right always to keep them to that amount. If the small portion of the lne which had recently beenrepairedhad cost so much, it was reasonable to suppose that other parts of the svstem would require renewaaL This would increase the suspense account, and it was well known in railway practce that when a suspense account became very large it was usuaUy put up to capital account. Theyhad on former occasions talen upwardsof 300,0001. outof capital for dividends. Not being supported by the shareholders of that company, he had determined to withdraw from any active participation in their affairs. He didnot think that he shouldawealken the East Anglian interests by adopting that course, and if he should find that to be the casa he would reeie altogether from the direction of the East Angaian, He had only one course to adopt, and that was toL maintain their interests, and he would not remain any longer than he could do so. -Mr. Snrasoi, in secondmz the motion for the adoption of the report, said he differed on that point with his excellent colleague, and he hoped the meeting would express a strong opinion infavourof retaining their chairman in office. (Hear, hear.) He for one hoed the chairman would not withdraw, and that he would ho induced to remain in-the active business of the company. The period for the amalgamation was drawing near, and no one could demonstrate their .rsition and establish the company's caim's before the ~oard of Trade equal to Mr. Brace, He had no doubt that in time those matters of in'usti ceof which they complained would be rectfied, The Lowesa rate had been set right, the coal-rate to Bishop Stortford would be rectifipd, and other thinus must follow. The amalgamation might takea place prior to 1862, and he bolieved that a steady perseverance in the terms of the agreement entered into with the Eastemn Counties Company would give them a much larger return than they had at presnt. A SaREHOLDER suggestei that they should break off thie agreement with the Eastern- Counties Company, and seek an alliance with the Great Northern Raiway Company. The CnAIssan would be very sorry to entertainanay p tion of that kind. The agreemenit was to last for 99y=ears, and it wasa mostexcellent -agreement if honestly carried out. The East-ern. Counties had no right under it to enterinto aeements with anyprty that should be injuin otE ast Ansgllan. ThTe coal contract was ileg-al;It could not have been made for-the advantage of thE Eastern Counties Company, but for the benefit of other parties. The interests of th East Anglian and Eastern t-lounties in this respetwr h same; it was a mistake to suppose that they were not identical. There were agreements existing by wvhich the Eastern Counties Company had ran 13,000 trains at a profit of 5.Ad, prt train, whis:h- certainly could not be for the interest o the Eastern Counties Company. It was by an exposure of the evils that existed, and al pulling together, that further iniusice to both com- anies could be prevented. The EastZrn Counties!.sharenolders had all along supported a bad system of management, and even recently by 35,000 votes, but he hoped some day they would be ashamed of it, and look at their affairs in a proper manner. ar. tcERAPATH hoped the chairman would not only continue to take an active part in the management of this company's affair but also in those of the Eastern Countie. Railway. With regard tothe coaltraffic, he believed that a half-penny per tonpermileifthetcainswereppoperlyloadedo would yield a fair profit. As to thLe non-f ent of theo agreement by the Eastern Counties Company, the only course left them was to enforce it. (Laughter.) Several shareholders having expressed a wish that legal opinion should be taken on the question of enforcing the agreement, the report ywas nanimonAly adopted, and divi- dend were declaied at the rate of 6 percent. per annum on the B Stock, and of 21. 3Os. Per cenit, per annum ont the C Stock, . A discussionL -then ensued on the proriety of enforcing the agrement,iLn the course of which M. Scott, the solicitor, expressed an opinion that, from the nature of the a'Lgreement with the Eastern Counties Company, they -could not confer those benefits on othera without violating the agreemnent with the East Angliasa Comay - Mr.- T.&iou proposeda -rsto,sec6nded by Mr. Kitr.icK,t t th6 effeot th6atasthe agreement witLthis company had been systematically violated by the Eastern C-ounties Company, it -was imperatively necesanry that the directors should take proper slepA to enforce the sarae. The resolution was carried unanimously. - A cordial vote of thanks was given to Mr. Bruce for his valuable services; and at the same time uesting him to continue in office to protect the interesta of the company. - The proceediligs concludecd with a vote of thanks to Mr. Simpson, the deputy chairman, azd the other directors. - LANCASTERAN CRLLE The half-yearly-meeting ot cmpI wLE held on 'FridAy, at-Lancatr r .WHslm the chair. The reDort stated e trficao01 inluig 62 from the-lasthafya,soeabeacof3,1.,otf which the directors recommended a diidend at the rate of 7j per cent, per annum, whicb, with the proportion Xaa'ole to the lancaster and Preston Railway Com n and the interest on loans, wvould require 81,32. evn aac corrsodn.hlyer , wile the workig hexpens&rhady screyicesd Sinc thelasit hal1f-year the uompanysihat, at th xiaino h rsn otatfor the suLpply Of locomotivc -power for :this line -in July, 1857, thscompany W purchasefrmte40lc oiv en sns ndtners. Teyhavalso contracted for:the construetion of 20new txsegie~t be deliVerediAJune next, in additiontow hfive ortenmore engines willbe require4. Contracti- for the erection on the company's land at (jaslise of engine-sheds and workshops have bees made -with comp.etent parties, The directors haveairrAngod with, the I-ondosi and North-Wester,nCora*yfor the contiuanwof the present contract with that comp~any' for the supply of carriages. During last session of Farliasnenf~ an ac+t was ob-- tained to make a branch railway frmthb Glasow- and Sonth-Westerii Railway at Dumnries to Cstle Douglas, a distancie of about 18 milies in-the dirweoic,n tovrards Port-atrick - This summer the landowners i- the disrit have bee n e d eavcnn.ing, to p ro mo6te th e foruisationa of a rail way from' Castle Douglas to Fortpatsielr, sa.napplhed 'to.your directors to aassit them. wise, believng that, such a railway would bring new and addtional teaffic on this line, beiween tBe midland and masusfactiuring districts of England sld thao - Th caitalaccunt howd tht -,590000.bhd bieen re- ceivpd and .1,584,536& exended, leavia1 a alane,of 6,03l. Th renewal ffnd owda ;lIance ia its jVoiLr of 15,0091. The revenue aoount for the -halfyear - the 3lat of JuL showed, tlt 149,574. had been . and 68,5190. erpehadeaalieof84K36& ieoding 6521 on the preceding mocourt The ofu oE1,3l7l4= deduct for a portion ei tiie .over-rsthnate niocat for conveyanhe of pr,klaingnaabovo 83,0 12i The divi.eut at the rate of 7li,er enrt. per onum absorbed 1a3,70o., t he interes on debt 2,S., nadthelanevater ansd Prsiton po portion 25,0371:, leanugablanceof 1,lSt). --P- On thie motion of ihe CHAfls?, reo1utionswei.s ' adopting the repori, declrin the-dividenld of.36s. 3d.p whole abare, uts. 1d. peroldthid sae, and Os.3d.pr new third share, re-clecting 'the Hon. HE C. Lowther, H.P., on the nomination ofth Earl of onadle Mr. W. Jacskson oni the p art of the Iwcastez ad Prson Coin . pany, and Mr. W.Mar1, lMLHP..* Mir. J. Salkeld ws z pinted one of.tho auditors of thie comn, tahnd cthae rooceing concluded ith a vote ofthauss to the Chairman. ~ ~ fth*L GLASGOW AWD SOUTH-WESTEIi. The half-yearly meeting of this comIany was held at Glasgowr on 9IondayT r. A ndrei Orr in the chr. - The report, an abstract of which has apeared in 2'imcs,'wassred.: -:.-,. The C ress& said thit their prosperity for tbha l&lyear hadnot been so great as the directors expected, while the additional expenses, in taration, interest,%andotherwise, had very much exqeeded their a-aticipations. The items of additional expendiure, as compired with the ±esndiin Period of last year. w'earse mfmor interest, 3,456Wo= X ugmented-debtLof J6,704t:, which was still unproductcye; in the rates and taxes, 1,78504 caused by higher assessmentthe 5 0001. on maintenance of way, locomotive engines, ad relaying was causedmainlybyagreaterlengsi of rioads Jvi beenzeuad during the latter than in the former half-yearo. 1855. Tne sum of I,9411. on zepairs ofwaggons,2951o, ro traffic, aLnd other items. mAade the Very large a ou 15,0000.; but, itwould be observd the large porton of this was for pereanent increase in the value of their property.A14'weeks' strike1of the miners in the country withdrew h large amount of traffic of every description for the timue, and reduced the receipts during the period very eonssderay, 'while there was no dimi-ndon in fhe exe effecSt was to produce. inolulable suffering on the workmen, great loss to the masters, a deraugementof the wshole trade of the districts, and lrge reductionL on everv kind of traffic from. companies such as this which had bMen created to serve all the partieg, and the effects of which were, fe long after the cause had ceased. They were apain fortunatel, full at worlk, and the largely incres reegly ret* Woulshov that their prosperity was again in the asoendant. A careful and prndent attentiop to the effective up-kpeep of the plant, rollngstock, and permanent way would always demand a considerable expenditure ; but to this and all other charges the directors would give increased attention, so as to kIeep down the epenses to the lowest point consistent with efficiencyin:l the departments. After long expersenoe, hie was inclined to thiink railway comnrAnies were working too cheap. (Hear, hear.) The fearrElly increased pblifc burdens, the rise of wages )iall department, and the higher prices of every aiticlethey used, which had continued for some years,were all expected to be met and overcome by a mall additionaltraffic. Tlhiswouldnot do; and if theylooked fairly at the difficulty, it would be found that a slight additior to the rates, which would be imperceptible to the public, was absolutely necersary to] give a fair remunerative. return to railway companies. Was it reasonable or j3st to asi- those who had expended over four millions of caital in developing a large and important disftict of tnd t ret contented with thetrifling returns the property had given for the last 10 years-about 2 per cent, per annumand the distant prospect they had of increase, seeing that these work;s had added to the comfort of all theinhbitats developed in a very extraordinary manner the agricultural, manufacturing, and mineral wealth of the district, and were pouring riches into the pockets of - aU those -who are engaged in industrial iursUitis The unfortumateposition of other companies, who had no doubt veryfoolishlyincreased their difficultiesby ruinous competition, afforded strong proof that even railways could not afford o work without a fair and liberal return for work done. The ooening of the Dalmellington and Maybole lines had been much delayed; but the formier bemg now at work, and the latter nearly so, they expected they-would give a further increase to the main lne returns. There was every a pearance of a large mineral traffic during the winter. iwould call for increased waggon plant, which the directors were ready to f rni5hf. 'The Castle-Douglas and Girvan hills had been passedl, and -the directors of each of these companies were now busy maldug arangements for the cheap and: seedy completion of the works on their lines. They continued on the mnost friendly terms with all their neighbours, which prevented minor competition, and allowed the directors ana sernts to attend to the proper business of the company. he hoped they would soon pay 5 per cent., which was the least they could have for their outlay, and concluded by moving that the report be adopted. lr. JAmrsoN seconded the motion, which was unanimously adopted. A dividend was then declared for the half-year ending the 31st day of July last, at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum on the guaranteed stock, and on the preference shares of 101. each;- and at the rate *of 4 ter centpean num on the consolidatodi stock, and on the Glagow and Soluth-Western Railv;a, (Ardrossan) guaranteed stock, pay- Mtr. William 1i~LeL, accountant, Glasgow, was elected nauditor inlieu of lr. John Cuthbertson, -whohadre- A vote of thankis having been given to the chairman, the meetagbroke up. XIINGWOOD, BOURNEMOUTH, AND CHRIST- CHURCH A numerous and influential mneeting was held at the Town-hall Christchurch, on Friday, for the purpose of supportit thisprojectedline ofraway. The%sxou (Mr. W.Ferrey) took the chair. He said:- The length of the pro sed line would be 12} miles, and the cost of construction I000001. A-contractor Zf greatrespectabilitywas prepared to tender forasingielne, with lando for a double line, for 100,0001D, including all costs;-,also that he would lease and work -therailway for 10 years, and guarantee a dividend of 5 per cent, p 100,000L. for that period. As a socurity for the completon of the line he wold, invest in thenamesof trustees2o,00OI. upon condition that he shouldreceivehalf the surplusrofits abovo 5 per cent. (Applaulse.) These caLculations were madein contemplation of obtaining the land at its fair value. The contractor would bind himseif to open the line within 10 months of the passing of the act. It wras propoee that the shares should he 101: each, that a deposit of os. per share should be paid down, and the emimnin i5s. in December. Admiral WALcoTT, i.P., maoved a resolution to The effect that the railway now projectecd, fromlRnigwood to Christchurch and Bournemouth, ws caiulatedto be a source of great convenience and advange to the inbabitants of those places. He advertedtio the handsome manner in which the Earl of Malmesburyhad treated the pro I and expressed his belief that the value of their 10l. shs would be brought back- to them fw-emthe railwav by the increasedvalue of their houses, andlands, and trade lMr. G. Am=ro seconded the resolution, which was agreed to. - Lord MAra-sBuRy then proposed a resolution to the effect that they would nsa their best endeavours to support the undertaking, and expressing their earnest hope that all the inhabitants of the district, including the landowners, would do likewise. He believed there was no objecting landowner betveen Ringwood and ChristchurchL Their great object was to get a line fromlondon to Christchurch. Mr. TAYIAoB. seconded the resolution, which was adopted. A share list was then opened; and the usual complment to the chsirman closed the prdceedings. STAMFORD AhND ESSENDINE. This branch line of raihway-is now on the pOint of com1pletion, and will be opened for traffic as soon as the sanction of the Government inspector has-beenLobtained. Itruns frbm Stamford to the lssendine stationr. of the Great Northern Railway, and is to -be worked by the Great Northern Company. - - TRAFTIC IETURNS. 3me. 2'aS. Mer- .1'otal Total, BRUwayS. open. venexechandLi. 1 1T. Week endingSept. 6. -. £ £. - Glaigow Soutlk-WoeteAn - 6.. 7,51 * 6,691 Illr -. .. .. .. - -- 43 412 Week ending Sept, 7. Great ILuxembourg 4 3E - . - .. 7s9 Ketdal and Vmdsermere - 0 . _ .. 46 ,, Ic Worth London .. .. 9 .2 - . - . 0... s274 The following are the last returns of the gross recelpts 'of the principal French railways from the 19thto thxie 25th of August .-
-: '' - L-LGHTR HOt-. - . .- I . i:- ~ ~L " The detachment of cavr amuned by the Sei'laier Pslh for the completion of GomersI Shirley's foroe-WIa *3 anonthoflfebruary,1856, conedsed of two g imen*; which wrrived at Batik from Bra dung.the 'nater. -Tiazer gth ws eont150 m*id, hoa^ oiv4 to iconcepion, tlthew troops, isd of binri sentitojoin Sbir-ley from B.Jbchik, were firit directed Dn th D:brsudchi and the Danube. .After awhithe ir d*gintien was altred by the Turkit'Go+immbaut, and a. ad time they crossed the Balk= and marchd by AdahTol3 to nuynk CheckmvAje, the hed-quarters of GenerAl Bbidey, 'wherethey arnrid,-after -march of 41 days, irh thefLrs, 'week of April. "It was found that throuhout the whole forme t4 w -we only three sore ba and the -lame horuee) I believe, also, that the number of -ik inea ia not WeOeed the number of lamehorses, but of this last IrAM not 4uite oertain. --. <About aforight orthreweeks.;afer-I sew, Shirsy brade his four reiments-yin, twfo which had bieuaibder his command, ard which,wi the exoeption of -their aqust-c tour in the Black Seak, had been in-repose siace July, 1855, arid the newr arrals above alluded to. The hxorse-of all four were in equall good condition; the arsuvrng.of a1l vesr good inudeed. I could see no differeneoe betiveen them; ;n enort, it was impossible to diftinguish betwee i the'corps, save tha the last cornershad nt et received their newr c lothing ;and accoetnemints."r' -.-
TO THE EDMOR OF-RE TiM s. I bir,-Thesbove extaetistakenfromn'a-letterw ich I received some tine since from'an Eng general officer, who coincides with Jme in thinkin ,'that the weight which we impose upos- our cav7alry horses renders them- useless for, isl wervioe. When I addressedyou, vather-more than a yeir ago, uponthis important topic I took especial' care to point out that the views which I advocated did not originate with me, a civilian, but with ome-(i4he best officers,' English and forein'who have given their attention to the uubjet drinng {e l4-10D years. 'I wa answere at the time that a boaDs of cavalry offliers were actually sitting at the Eorse Guards to inquire- into all matters connected'ith our cavahry service; but, as we have a- yet h4ard neither of their report norof any improvements -onsequent thereupon, I am iniduced, noirthat tliere haa been a change. in the head of that departiiMnt, to revive the subject. onoe more.- Cavalry is a very costly arn; and it is one *1ich cannot be improvised. Ii; take: thbree times as .lng to mk-e a good cavalry soldier as it doea to Tma1.e an infantry soldier, andit costs twice as much to maintain him when heis i;rained.-: It is Therefore of the greatestimpertance that the eavalvryrce *hich we do maintain should be good of its -kind; gbod -troops not beinganore expensive to dres, trin % nd feed than bad ones. Every civilian accustomed to horses is well 'awara that although our troop horses -may, when in fuIl condition, do Blow workfor a short time under the enormous weights we impose upon them, it is' - possible that they can do so during a campaign, especially w;hen they begin to fall awvay irom iunsadlent or unusual food and wnt of shelter.. It is well know that .the horses of lord Qardigan'svweconnaisane into theDobradschawere utterly rumed by marching, under unusually favourable circnmstances, 300 miles in 7 days, andthat othe only other occasions during the war on which his I.Urdship had to move his brigade for the shortest distancestheysuffered severely from sore backs; a sore back rendering a cavalry horse useless; for months. It is surely, therefore, worth while, nowv that rwe have breathinxg tinie, to inquire why tisA evii occurred and whether it cannot be obviated.i The upholders of the present system say that the heavier a heavy drigoon is, the more effective he is in a charge, and that no foreiga troops could withstand the shock of our big men and heavily weighted horses. This would be a very good argument if we knew that these big horses could carry their big riders from place to plac without losing condition and speedily becoming unfit to carry any riders at all; but we kiow, from recent experience, that they cannot do so.- The cavalry which we at present have in England must chiefly consist of raw recruits and half-trained horses, which have still their work to learn. Wculd it not be well Sir, as the board of cavalry officers which was stated to have been sitting at the Horse Guards upwards of a year agO toreport whether -any and what improvementsandreformswerenecessaEr.in our eavairy service -does not appear to have effecte1 much, if a fresh board were convened. consisting entirely of field- officers who had served with Iour cavalry regiments during the 'Russian war, and if such a board was required to report upon-tha ssame subject? We should then kInow what Were the unbiassed views of men of experience, who had given proof that they were really attached to isud interested in their profession, whohadseen Turldis, French, and Russian cavalry in the field, and who would thusbe enabled to record their Views without any apprehension of giving offence to. the higU5ilitary autherities on whom their professional repitation and future advancement depend. At pre.ent the question rests solely in thehands of the Inspector General of our cavalry-the Earl of Cardigan-and no officer can moot it without incurring the direirnputation of being a military reformer. I am; Sir, your obedientservant. J. 0. :Sept. S.
STATE OF TBADE. - M&IHESTER, S2xs. 9. Tn the cloth-market there is very ittle change sincethis day week. A steady business is doing iu almost every doscriptionof goods, at full prices. In no particular class is a large business doing, but the demandis general for all kinds, except Indiaand China shirtsnP; -nd manufacturers arewell supplied with orders. For and China shirtings makers are asldng 1Ad. per piece more than the- could sell at eight or ten days ago; and. this checks the disposition of buyers, who otherwise wouald be disposed topurchase in anticipation of a probablo rise resulting fromthe briskness in other departments. There is conseauentlyless doing in these good; than might hve been expected The yarn-market is exceedingly firm, with a good general dernand for al Idnds, except lndia mumbers. Spinners are well engaged, andinsome cases ae aelingratherbhigher prices. The demandaforusea still continues, shippes for that maiket buyingup all they can lay hold of, whie many of the spinners of amrns suited to themarket are engadto the end of the season. Water twist is also in raqua for lussia, though previoudy -neetel by buyers for t quarter for some years past. Manufacturers ar purchasing pretty.freely, and yans suitedio the Medit ean tde are also in request at full prioes. Messrs. John Slaz and Co. reporLt- "The market continues in much the sae position asrw ported last week. There is stll a steady demandfor certa kinds of printers, T-alottu, loagcloths, and-nzaddapoilan and a fair amount of basine. bma been done in them at las Tuesday's prices. - For India and China goods the demand continues vezr languid, and the alight advance which is generally -ased on the prioes currentten days ago puts a complete stop to businesi. Mess Georgeraser, Son, =nd Co. zoport,- "The demandforIndia goods continues very intva, and prices appear still to be tending rather ownwird, although they are not quoteeblylower. Other departments of-ourmarket continue to eibibt great firmne but -ith sarcely so much activitytoday, perhaps. Thebetteiralces of 6G and 72 read hiirtingpaave advaned lurther I3d. to 3d.perpieoeduringthelatten days. Yarns keepin good demand and-Tery strongin price.? ' t - ~~ ~~ IEEDS, SimiT, 9. A good demand las been experienced to-day for heavy foods, such as Wliten, beavers, pilots, and other fab rcs lor rinbr wear. The daaad i e tothe aILY, rad manufacaureft wa wal e L -S e tk finiers we sm than : . ': rUi tat thi days woollen-market t at a fol3ew.- "Mber eIas been a fair athmdae*ot to-day, ad the amount at busines trnah aaeithe ame asise -week. There is a ahfor pin nd mixtures, and aious duemipliou of f . e low."1
THERE IS NOTHING LIKE SsTEEL. On the evening of Mondy last the anniverzayof the Fall of Sebastopol was celebrated bya very interesting cerc. nony at New HallGardens, Sheffield. The ceremony conssted in the presentatibn of a valusble pen and pocketknife to each of the surviving officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the 4th Dragoon Guards (iow principilly stationed at Sheffield), who were with their regiment oc its landing in the Crimea and passed through the Crimean campegps. The knives, 225 an numbek, are the gift; of Mr. Thomas Yordan, proprietor of the Surrey Music-ha1, Sheffield, and have been manufactured by Mr. Wostenholm, of the Washington works. They each contain six blades, are extremely handsome in design, and are of the est mate.eal and workmanship, having cost about 100. On one Eide of each knife is the name of the recipient, w ith the words "Belkava, Inkermnn, Se astopol" a on the Crimean clasps; and the following inscrption on the reverse side :-"Presented to the Crimean Heroes of the Fourth Dragoon Guards, by ThomasYoudzn, Sheffield." Only 144 of the knives were distributed t Sleffield, the remainder having been sent to Leeds and BIadford to be distributed among the detachments there. The presentation was made by Mr. W. OvuND, JXP Deputy -Lieutenant of the West Riding, who, after referring to the Universal enthusiasm with which the regiment had been received on their return f-om the Crimea, said,-You (the Crimeanr army) were in one respect mnore fortunatetban any army which ever before left England. Previous armies went out, came back, the men dwindled away by disease, the sword, and other causes, and nothing was known to the country about it except that they were gone. But on this occasion, throrgh the activity, energy, and great development of the British prcns, we have known everyhing that has gone on among puu You have gone through no danger, experiencednoprivation, done no act of daring which has not been recorded, trans. mitted to this coantry, and fully appreciated here. When, through the medium of a gentleman to whom I hold that both you and the country are much indebted-Mr. Russell, of T7ic Times-the misery and great privation you were enduring became known, it roused the sympathy of every anain the united kingdom. Therewasscarcelyanuindividali from one end of the British les to the other who did not contribute something to your necessities; and although those contributions arrived too late for the first terrific winter, r have no doubt they tended miateriaUy to relieve and make you more comfortable during the succeeding ,winter. The eyes of all England were upon you. We looked out for the newspapers day by day; we knew every. thing you did and had to contend with, and therefore, now that you are returned, we are able to sympathize with your suffering, to do full justice to your endurance under the greatest difficulties, sa'd likewise to appreciate the courage with which you made ihat celebrated charge at the Battle of Balakalava. Mr. Overend further remaTked that the knives were not presented to the soldiers simply as the 4th Dragoon Guard but as representatives of the army at 1lage (cheers), and that a lulfe had been thought to be the most proper article to present, because the manufacture of knives was part of the staple. trade of Sheffield, and when the soldiers looked at the knives they would identify them with Sheffield, and he hoped also with that most agreeable epoch in their lives, the period when they were so enthu. X astically received by the people off Sheffield. (Cheers.) The presentation having been acknowledged by Captain MCCRxIGHo, in the unavoidable absence of Colonel Hodge, Mr. ROsnUCic (Cheers) said,-Soldiers, I have been ask..d to address you. I am sorzy to say I perfectly understand that you cannot hear mne. That is not my fault. I have been asked to address you in order that I may express on behalf of the t-own which I represent the sympathy which they all feel for yeu, not only in the positiQn which you nowhold, but that which you have held. And difficult as the task is,it is one fom which I have no right toshrink when I reflect on the tasks which youL hav~e performed on our behalf. (Hear, hear.) Great indeed have been the sufferings of the British army. Hlereafter they wil understand that great as may have been their sufferings, the people of this country are alive to everything that happens to our army; that we consider you oar brethren - that we revere the institution to whi-h you beong; aul that we wil dict all our efforts to render that institution beneficialto onr country and glorioustoyonrselves. (Cheers.) It gives me pleasure to behold you now again in times of Na Not that I am one of those who hail the peace that ha come with very great pleasure. (Hear, hear.4 But atill you are here among your fellow-countrymen. (Hear, hear.) They have received you with that cordial sympathiy which I know will cheer the British arlmy in times to come, when difficulties may arise, and when they will have to face again the enemies of this country in the field. When that time comes yoa will be ready. (Hear, hear.) When that time comes we, wiU suppot you. I(" Hear, hear," and cheese.) When that timne comes you wiill do your duty, andw shall aPPreciate y ou for thvin done i. Be you assured that thia is but a idioht token of the feeling of the people of this couintry. (CYSeers.) It is the straw which shows you which way the wind blows. (Loud cheers.) The men of EnYand repond to you. They re with yo3u. They know tho difficulties that you overcome ; and they welcome.your returnfrom them. (Cheers.) Men Of Pease we are. We know full well the blessings of peace, and it is becaus we do so know them se appreciate you, who are men of War; for by your effortas thoe blessings are maintained. (Appas) I It is n great mistakeo to sun-pose that the Eno, rm is in any way, opposedl to Englsshmen. They are theprotectors of Englandl; they are the protectors of our glory; they are the protector of Our frdom. (Hear, hear.) Anl hem now is one strikin ins'tance that your instituLtion affords of the thorou-h conifif! doeue we have in you and in the institution to AYiih yrou elongo. We are not afr-aid of soldiers. We love you as brethren, and we know that you will protect us as such. (Applause.) Gentlemen, I have very imperfectly performned the duty imposed upon me. I beg heartily to return you the thanlr oftthis town-of England, aye, andImay sy of the wFhole world-for the deeds, the great deeds yousahave done, the gallantry you have shown, and the thorough devotion you have always manifested to England and al that belonigs to her. (oacem
CHYMISTS AND) DBUGGISTS. TO THE EDITOFOF TEHE TI31ES. Sir,-Your veryercellent remarks on the recent poisoning cases, together with those offered by your correswondents on the sale of poisons, are, I think, generally acquiesced in throughout the whole length and breadth of the land, and will, I have no doubt, ultimately be productive of such measures as will remove from us the evils complained of. But while we are giving the matter our consideration, will it not be well for us to view fairly the relation in which the "chymists and druggists," and the vendors bf medicine generaly, stand in reference to the public? I am connected with a trade that takes me much among the retail sellers of hysc, and, while in their numbers I find many highly inteligent and weUl educated men, I can assure you there is more than a fair leaven of the reverse mixed with them. I will not say much of country shopkeepers, who sel well nigh everything, from paregoric to a' grid;zn, or from arsenic to a satin dress, and whose principal knowledge of their commodities lies between the price they pay and the price they receive for their articles, and who would sell you any one of them with equal complacenov; indeed, of this we need not complain. hush traders in their respective localities are very necessary, in any article hut drugs. and, as their administration is frequently matter of life or death, I would have them placed in other hands than the majority of such country shopkeepers. These, however, are not the only persons over whomu I w ould have a strict supervis.on. Many of those who deal, especially in druss, sn the. lower localities of our large towns, know but little more than the names of the druga they sell. Surely, Sir, this should not be, for in the low neighbourhoods of which I speak the druggist is looked upon by his poor and ignorant customers as somewhst of; if not quite, a doctor. If Mfs. Jones, or Mrs. Jones's baby is unwell, or John Smith, the puddler, has burnt his arm to the bone, the proprietor of the "pestle and mortar sign is appled to for stuff, &c. The stuff they are sure to get, but whether the anticipated r,sult is equally sure I am somewhat doubtful. Nievertheless, cases of some difficulty are continuallyfalling into their hands, which are treated in various ways, and in many instances to the disadvantage of the poor. I would also inelude in the number to habrought under Iegislitive control the numerous quack herb doctors, many of whom deal in " wonderfud strong stuff," as I have heard it called, but who mostly act as jackaUs to the qualified medical man. This ali seems to me to sgpest that every one selling or dispensing drugs -should smaergo (before some properly constituted authority) an examination, and upon bemng found to possess .properkowledge of their profession, wvhich I think should include a knowledge of how to treat the mainor ailments andaccidents thteshis heir to, suchandsuch only should be granted a certificate, or license, or v hatever it may be, and aellowed to ener business as" cahymists and druggists." I think with such a class of men, the poisoner wodfd seldom evade their intelligence, and the poor would get drugged to their advantare. - I am, Sir. s'ours with respect. E. G. Ward-end, Sept. U.
S"vEy nr EwNGimD.-The following curious adverEsements are re.published in Notes and Qurie:"A blaIc boy, of about 15 yer of age, named John Wht,ran away from Colouel Ki ke the 15th inse. He bas a silercollar about his neck, upon which is the colonus aoat of arms ant cipher; he has upon his throat a great ca,bare in habit. ohsoever brings the aforesaid boy to oone :irke.s house, near the Privy-garden, wi be well rawarded.".-London Gazzete, Marh. 1685. "1To be sold aenr My. abou 14 years old, warranted free f quanty per, anXdhas had those- fatal to that colour; lhsa& beenl used two years to all Idnds of household work, and to vait at table ; his price is 251., and wouldlnot 'be sold but the r8on he belongs to is leaving off business. Apply to the o of the Georgo Coffehouse in Chancery. Iae ovrantthe -pte.k"-London AdvertWsr, 1756. i)uek.lane, 3 1 dsmitb at iho Crown, in Acesortinuapprentice.jm d of fold and silver cwo2n,k, dryw d wherle hao clas silve -rs,pkmvs pad- he insedas ad oepesmyb upidwith any quniyo h es nis n h oetpie.An apartment ofteboeor ptbhi.-ic By the decision of thwor fKs' enhi 72 h ae Of a negro inthscutywarn5 ilgladevy black, nale o eae a refo h oeto dn on Britishgrud
ZONDON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBEB 10, 185. The dead-lock continues at Washington, and in the suspense of the national judgment both sides are preparin, thoroughly to fight it out in Kansas. Governor REEDER comes to New York for a fresh supply of Free State settlers, to meet the numbers of Slave State settlers pouring in from Missouri. His tone, as he addresies the public meeting in that city, is urgent:-" I say that, unless men are " raised and put upon the soil of Kansas, sup't ported, sustained, and fed there, she will be lost. "MIen must be sent there-men willing to defend "themselves. . . . The Free S'ate men ask no "odds of the inva ers, but a free field and a fair. "and even fight." He asks for 3,000 men, who must be suppliedwith a years provisions. 3Money to Inry provisions will not do. A Kanas settler must take an actual stock of provisions with hiM. He goes, in the first instance, as a fighter, and. therefore runable to provide for himself; and he goes into a territory where there has been nothing but fighting for some time, and therefore where provisions are not to be had for love or money unless he takes them -with him. We have no doubt Governor REEDER does not overrato the urgency of' the case, yet we must pause an instant to contemplate this singular demand. Kansas professes to be and is a regular part of the territory of the United States, and the laws of the United States profess to have the same force there that they have elsewhere. Yet here is a man at a public meeting at New York, openly announcing his mssion to collect an army for fighting in Kansas, and calling upon all the citizens of New Yorl; to assist him. Here is recruiting with a witnem-public_ and avowed recruiting ! There is more than notice of enlistment, for the actual process of enlistment is going on within the city of New York, and men a'te being enrolled for military service- on the side of one of the parties now occupying Kansas. Yet' where is Br. OssneG. now? .Doubtless, he. prudently ab.tains from all interference in a matter. in which public enthusiasm would spurn and trample on any prohibition he might please to inpose. Bnt such a wise forbearance in one case hardly harmonizes with the sensitive interference w-3 have seen in another, and a Government which cannot prevent open recruiting for a directly illegal military service 'within its own territories is hardly the one to enforce so pimetiliously the Ietter of a Iaw against recruiting for a legitimate military service under a foreign Power. It is indeed curious to see how confusion and anarchy at the extremes recoil upon the centre, and lawlessness at the distant borders of 'the R6epnblic commuits the old-established States to illegal eihibitions. The late demonstration at New'York in behalf of Kansas is formallyas much ag*inst the American constitution and laws as a public meeting in London to collect an army to wend to Loncaahire to help the strikers against the millowners, or to send to Ireland to help the Orangemen against the Rommists, would be against English law. -Yet the meeting in New York appears wholly unconsciols' or. anythinag 4airectly illegal in its delibeirtions; it does not think about it ; Anti-slavery. enthusism carries everything before it, and the enlistment of fighting settlers pas3es off as sply one of the. American uodes of conducting party warfare. GovernorRyxDE'smain argumnentinhis appeato the New Yorkmeeting is, of course, the moral onethe argunent against slavery as in itself an immoral institution, which involves the duty of preventing the extension'of it, and, in tho speaLer's opinion, Iof fighting for such prevention. But it is worth iobserving that, besides the appeal to religious en- thusiasm, another argument makes its appearadc3 in the Governor's speech, and occupies a prominent place in it. It is an argment of the danger to free labour involved in the further extension of slavery in the Union. Kansas, we are told, is itself but a limited territory; it is but two'hundred miles wide and nine hundred long, but it is the passage to a boundless region extending from its Eastern borders to the shores of the Pacific, and containing space enough to make " six States as large as Pennsyl"vania." "Now," argues Governor RZEnmim, "with "Kansas a Slave State, I -will thank any one to "tell me how he is going to save the second, the I"third, or the fourth-each one further and " further out of your reach-each one with more "Slave States intervening. Is it not obvious that, "if we lose the State of Kansas, we lose that "entire body of States at the Pacific " Ocean ? . . The entire territory will be handed " over to slavery." In this state. of thing, he observes, it isnot slavery alone which triumphs, but: alve labour also triumphs with it, and the triuimph of slave labour is the defeat of free labour. " Slave labour and free labour cannot "Cexist together." That is givenout as an axiom. What is the consequence, then, of delivering up this vast territory to slavery? 'Why, that Northern labour is for ever excluded from it. And the result of the exclusion of Northern labour from this field, its deprivation of this natural vent, is Northern repletion and suffocation. The tide of emigration is daily conveying fresh crowds to the great Northern cities, which, unless they have an unlimited outlet in the West to carry them off, will overstock the North with labour,- and Iconsequently with the expemse of maintain- ing a large unemployed class. Governor RuDExt compares the N6rth -under such circumstances to Ireland without emigration. It will have a continually multiplying population, without the proper resources -for disposing of it. " These Northern " States may be likened to a tub under a fountain, " all the while boiling over with a surplus of " population, and streaming over the vast West-'a constant stream of surplus population running "Westward like a vast river. . . Well, then, "supposing you dedicate one-half of this con"tinent to negro and to slave labour, you "shut off this entire stream of NYorthern emigration-you shut the gates of the whole "'vast West, Kansas, Deseret, and New _Iexico "to the North, and turn back this human tide "to throw itself back upon the States of 'the " North and the North-west. Have the labouring "men of thes NTorth considered the import of tlis "question to them,-the drayman, the hodman, "the nmechanic, the day labourer ?" It is worth noticing, tfhis particular Anti-slavery argument, because it has perhaps been too much taklen for granted that the argtument on that side has been exclusively a moral and religious one, as opposed to 'he slaveowners', which is simply a pecuniary argument. Whether or not Governor Rnxnr. knows his men, and knows that the New Yorkers will not be less disposed to listen to himif he can prove a little hazard to their poclkets, here is certainly, as a matter of fact, a distinct ar,mumotdum. ad cruneuzan. The North is told that, simply au a commercial and pecuniary question, it will not do for it to let slavery spread and let the slaveowvner get hold of Kansas. The New York capitalst is threatened with the rise of a pauper class created by the' exclusion of Northern labour from its natural vent, and the cause of slavery is coupled with visions of poor-rates. The New York- artisan is threatened with the loss of his chance in the West, should the home demand prove too little. Whatever truth there may be in such an argument, it is at any rate worth observing that the Amierican even in his enthusiasm does not forget the main; chance, ancd that so philanthropical a question as! the Anti-slavery one can be argued upon true commercial principles even in so enthusiastic an assembly as that whici lately met at New York, and on so enthusiastic an occasion as that of the relief of Kansas.
When Bishop BURGESS came to the see of Salisbury, some thirty years ago, the report of his apostolical character led to an interchange of civilities between him and the Dissenters of his diocess. Tie result was a public offer on his part to ordain as many Dissenting ministers as desired, dispensing with the University degree, and requiring only an examination and subscription. An incredible number-wve are afraid to say howv many-offered themselves, and the good Bishop thought he was about to extinguish Dissent in the land. By and by, the more cautious, or more courageous, of the converts ventured to ask how they were to be employed, where placed, and how paid. The Bishop could only say that they would probably remain for some time, he could not say how long, in the class of curates, if they were fortunate enough to get euracies, and that, if so engaged, they would have 601., or 80., or, perhaps, even 1001. a-year. This put an end to the negotiation. The Dissenting ministers said that they were receiving more from their own people, anad that with wives and families they could not afford to sacrifice incomes better, more certain, and more improving than the Church could offer. We believe this state of things to be all but "',versaL. Iu almost any town, if there be excepted from the clergy two or three who have stepped into good livings, as they have into their patriinonies, for no service or merit of their own, the remainder are worse paid than as many of their Dissentinga rivals. 'What is -worse, their condition is lhopelems. Of course:some meii manage for themselves better than others-do, and perhaps the possessio of this quality argues a superior degree of comnion' sense. A man of cosmon sense 'will not throw himself into a huge parish that will bsorb all his strength and wreck both health and fortune. A man of commorn sense will attach himself to those who can help him. A man of common sense will'l fall in with the fashion. Above all things, he will make himself agreeable where it is his interet to be so. 13ut a large proportioni of the clergy enter on their first curacies with little knowledge of 'the world and exalted notions of their calling and duty. In the difliculties and disagreeables of their; employment, perhaps, too; in failing health, they find before long the higher maotives losing their force, and discover. they have no inducements of a lower order. They have no reward, no1 promotion, no recognition, no oversight, niothing whatever of that encouragement and control which are found absolutely necessaey in. all other departments of industry. A saint or a hero may do his duty, and do it; better day by day, with no other witness or hope but Hmxvnx-; but- the men we meet daily-the men for whom institutions ought to be framed will most certainly flag, and flag more and more, whern they are neither rewarded nor notioed, and when it is all the san-e, whether they do much* or DOg.' That in the position of the great bulk of those to whom our j,boasted 'Church and State comit: the spiritual charge of our vast population. * What, then, is our object in calling attentioil to I a state of thins which,- familiar as it is to us, is absolutely withojrt parallel in the whole Christian world? It is not merely that: five or six thousd genUtlemen should have better salsries and reward for good service. Were that all, it would hardly justifL interference. We interfere because so long as this state of thingslasts the Church of England will certainly continue to be ill-served. It is worse served than any department, or profession, or business in the country. A Minister, a public funictionary of any sort, a soldier, a sailor, a lawyer, a medical min, a merchant, a shop;eeper, a clerk, a labourer--every working man in every state df life, gives his seven, or eight, or even his twelve hours a day to his work, and at the end of every day can give an honest, matterof-fact account of What he' has done. In the clerical profession alone, .3s we. know it in this country, while it professes to be the highest of all the most self-denying, and -the model of duty -to aU the rest, the very idea of such a daily aecount is ridiculous. Beyond the ready excuse that clergymen- have been reading, or preparing .their sermonis, most of them wouid be puzzled to account for a single hour of their time. I'Vhat they are doing the livelong day excites C no curiosity in a country where there are whole classes with comfortable incomes and no public duties, 'but they are certainly not visiting the sick, or teacing . in the schools, or looking up the stray members of their flocks. To 3al outward appearance the clergynan is generally -the idlest man in his parish. And why is this? We brave the ready sneer of the spiritually minded.dignitary with his 2,000l. a-year in the Church, when we say that menthe best of men-even clergymen, are poor creatures, and are seldom above terrestrial considerations. Service is not recognized or rewarded in our Church, and therefore it is not rendered. The curate or the small incumbentu who works his twelve houis a-day and the man 'who works only one, if one-nay, the man 'who scarcely ever appears in his parish except for the Sunday duty, all count the same. The argument goes in a circle. The clerical profession is the idlest among us because it is the worst rewarded, and it is the worst rewarded because it is the idlest. What sensible man, indeed, will employ the,hard earnings of useful industry in founding endowments for an idle, and tnerefore worse than useless, class of religious pretenders? The remedy, of course, is plain, were there only in this class-ridden country the courage to apply it. If the clergy were treated only as the members of every other public or private profession, if they were made to do their daily work ancd render an account of it to their superiors in Church and State, and if they were paid and promoted with some regard to their work- and qualifications, the work- would soon be done ; they would themselves improve, and w-ealthy men, as well as many, who are not wealthy, would subscribe readily and largely for a work 'which they would feel to be a reality, ana no sham. 'No doubt there would be violent objections ia some quarters to so dangerous an innovation. Not to speak of the platitudes about the miniistry being a labour of love, about the superiority of heartservice over eye-service, and about the utter inapplicability of every-day principles to the pastoral relation, a still more formidable, if not so noisy, resistance would arise from the alleged interference with the value of ecclesiastical property.. That property, of course, is only -held Lunder the solemn obligation'todo all that can be done fof the salvation -of souls. The lawr, however, does not enforce the obligation, which therefore does not seriously affect the marketable value of the property. Were the obligation honestly enforced, it is likely enough that, at least in the case of a populous parish, a living would not be so saleable as now, or so readily taken by an idlce man. But to set against the question of property there is a consideration of infinitely greater and, indeed, of appalling importance. The State, by its ltaditionary institutions, divides these isles into districts, each inhabited by several hundred, or several thousand, or manly thousand, souls. It consigns each of these territories absolutely to the spiritual care of one man. That spiritual reign it guards for that one manwith awful anathemasandheavy penalties. No Churchman, be he layman or cleric, can interfere in that reign without incurring prosecution, fine, imprisonment, the odious stigma of schism and Dissent, and, if a clergyman, deprivation, the utter loss of caste, and earthly ruin. No Pope, no Czar, no Italian despot, no Spanish inquisitor, ever guarded his realm from spiritual intrusion more rigorously than the English Church and State guard the paiih, whether it contaiu a hundred or la hundred thousand souls, for the exclusive care, or the utter neglect, of the lawful incumbent. This is our "parochial system," and it is impossible to conceive a more tremendous demand upon the consciences and faith of man'kind. But, tremendous as it is, we are not disputing it. Though there is no claim to confornity in material things at all to compare with it, and though it surpasses all actual and imaginable despotisms of the vulgar sort, yet 'we submit to it. What we ask is this,-that when Church and State undertake every soul in these isles, committing every man, woman, and child to the 13ev. This and the Rev. That, by name, they are bound to see that the Rev. This and the Rev. That do the work committed to them to the utmost of their power, and that they are paid as far as the resources of the Church will go. TheJ first thing to be done is to mal-e them do their work as everybody else is made to do his work in this country. Require of' them the actual performanoe of their duties, make them render a daily account, have an effectual andpersonal superintendence, and, as a necessary consequence, a system of promotion according. to service and merit. Require this, and we feel very' sure the 'worldng clergy will soon be adequately paid. Men of business, accustomed themselves to hard work, and-very ready, to reward hr-working servants, bitt hating nothing Iso much as being enciimliered with dawdlers, triflers, and dronesj will subscribe frEly-if it be neceawy-for: the maintenanee.of a reaUly efficient system. len of business have souls and care for souls as much as other men, but they will not give their money. without full security that it is spent to good purpose. _
Time, it haa oten been xaix, isbe greatest of all inlovators, andl the recent fall of a house in the city of London at midnight ii a curious illua. tation in point. Our _locda Boards hive an immense respect for property, aud, iu pusuane ofA their inmctions as Edles of the metropolis, hillyshally over . their duties, partly from want of power, partly from a romantic reverence for Ve, zights. While they are thus hesitating about tle removal of I a house that ought to have -beea levelled zten years ago, the howse decides the quesion by fallig bto te ground, b g all its utenats in the ruins, a llrhd ing four of them. A jury inquires into jhe event, nd,: after bringing in a verdict of "scidenw death," very eaestly, but also very politely, rcommends the Commissioners of Sewers to attend better to Theirduties in future iam to ap- a p4da survey of all buildings in the city of Iuond tEhat are out of repair. With all theirdisike to Iterfere with the righta of -property, there is an %i kio. vaitor greater and more teible than they, iho;ua is little respect for life -as for property, and, who -v-l speedily annihilae both in one -ghastly ru:n It is certainly too much to expect ht.lqndcn shoald improve as rapidly as. Pari un-dei hie direction of the French E"rnort but, if -e are not to expect al of a sudden new. strets and long lines. of splendid buildings, worthy of a great nation, znd fountains, woods, and walks worthy of a luxurious city, it is not too much to expect t houes ihould be pulled down before they fall, and that improvements should, at least, keep pace with: the ravages of time. There are scores of Souses m a condition simaiar to that which fell in Swan-alley, and it is only by the most disgracefal negligenc3 that they are allowed to stand. But while the Commisioners of Sewers must bear their own share of blame in this matter, others also are in fault, and there is not a nmore pointed satire bn London achitecture than the fact that the house in question has fallen after only 200 years. -For, a London house, indeed, even that is a long term, and a century is nearer the allotted span. Before half that period has elapsed the building begins to be ustable; the windows begin to bulge out like a mortal bent with age; the plaster of every room is all over cracks and wrinles;, the front annd back wails have to be rivetted together with iron bars; from top to bottom in the line of the climneys there is a menacing split; the floor of every chamber subsides towards the centre,; no dancing, is permitted in the house, or, if there must be a dancing .party, thie ceiling of the dining-room has to be propped up for the occasion. Let'no one tell us that these things are necesary. They may, indeed, be the necessary consequences of a system of letting by which the ground being given for only a certain period, it is considered unprofitable to raise on- it houses that would endure for a longer term. That only shows that, if we woould go to the root of the universal evil, we must go much deeper than our metropolitan Boards are authorized to penetrate. But the truth is that al our streets are not built upon ground of which the tenure to the builder is so short, and yet the general law is that the houses shall not endure much longer than the tenure of human life. The bridges over the Thames may in this respect'Le taken as a specimen oi our modem ideas of arcbitecture. In London and in Waterloo bridges we trust that wve have some evidence of a regard for permanence, anld that these great structures will last for many ages. But compare i)ld Londonbridge, and the ancient ideas of architecture which it embodied, with Blackfriars and Westminster bridges, and the architectural ideas in voguefor the last century, which they in like manner embody. The latter have been scarcely a century in existence, when the one has had to be tinkered and re-tinkered, and the other is about to be swept away as a nuisance. The former may have been faulty enough in design, but it stood for 6000 years. And that is precisely a test of the difference between modern architecture, which is for the m'ost part worthless, and ancient architecture, which we admire and copy. We professedly build houses that are. not tolast, that are only temporary covermigs, and which are as little intended for posterity as the brougham we ride in or the dinner se eat. Tne falling of a London house is as certain as death to human kind; there is no escaping the inevitable lot in a few short years; and the registration of the building and the decay: of domiidiles is not less important tban theregistration of the births and deaths of their inmates.' Ve, too, as well as the Conmissionersof Sewers, have a respect for property, which we hope that we have shown on every fitting occasion; yet m-e confess that if there is one Lind of destruction more than another which it would give us pleasure to witness, it would be the demolition of vwhole lines of streets that have, after all, but a iew more years of life in them. " Oh, for another fire "of London !" one is sometimes tempted to say; and certainly, if such a fire were now to take place, the opportunity of rearranging and beautifying the metropolis would not be lost, as it was in the days of Sir CHmSTOP-iEa WREN. We must content ourselves, however, with the slow depredations of time, and withthestill slower3march of improvement. In this latter respect, indeed, There is some reason to be thankful. In Chancery-lane we have hope of considerable improvements; the, corner house towards Beet-street is one of the handsomest in London, and if it is as sslid as it is imposing it says well for -our future prospects. It is delightful, also, to see some of the oldest and meanest edifices of extant London coming downi in Carey-street, and in the neighbourhood of Buckingham Palace. If the houses which replace those thus iswept away are not always to be admired, it is -very much owing to the fact that architects have no faith in the capabilities of brickwork, and therefore make no attempt to use it omamentaUly in structures worthy of preservation. There cannot be a greater fallacy, and we only wish that Sir CmAxLns BARRY, or some' of our leading architects, would leave Portlaud ana Caen stone for a little, and, were it only for the sake of example, showwhat can be done in street architecture with simple brick. If properly managed, brick requires no dressings whatever-it is all-sufficient in itself, and can be made to assume an endless variety: of forms and colours. Generally a house-front. in brick is an ugly Mat with not a single square inch of relief: whereas it admits of as much relief as any stone wall, and it is these lines of relief that for the most part cotitute the beauty of architecture. --Untilourarchitect rejoice in their materials and know how to use them -wcean have little expectation of their building houses that are to last. - In th meantime, however, Theere is o excuse for tolerating, even for a single weelk a house which is insecure. The law gives powers enough on that point at least, and these ihould be strictly enforced.
CANADA. (BY ELECTRIC TELF.AP.) The screw steamer Anglo Saxon has arived with the mails from Quebec of the 30th uIt. The Rev. Df. Bzaine died on board the Anglo Saxon, one hour after she left, of apoplexy. The electdons for the Liegislative Council promised favoumrbly for the success of the Lower Canadian Liberal psarty. It is reported that the Vnited States' Secretary of War had diimissed al the workmen in the public a¶nories, on the plea that he had no funds. The following was received at MIontreal by electic telegraph from New York, August 29th:- " Money very easy and more plentiful, at 7 per cent. on call. Stocks generally dulL Sterling enchange steady and quiet. lour-rnarlket heavy; tendency downwards; prices, however, show no important change. Canadian flour unchanged; sales small. 'Wheat unchanged; demand moderate. Poek frmer."
THE GAMLrNG TABLES 0N THE RBRE. __ 'XO T i{. ED:: OR OF THE TIMES. Eir,-1; terrible scene eccurred herb last Monday. A young man, said to be an officer in the Datch service, who ILS for some time past been a yearly frequenter of the " ur-sa,"and had just lost everything he pos.sessd at play, blew out his brains whfle sitting ab the gaming. table. A momentary pause took place, but very shortly, even before the poor ian's blood had been washed from the floor, gambling was resumed as madly as before. A week only previous to this event an English officer destroyed himself under like circumstances at Homburg. I venture to mention these circumstances, because they are aremully suppressed by the wretches who profit by the vices of their fellow-creatures, and I earnestly hopethat, by Civing publicity to the by no means unfrequent results of gambling, some young men may be deterred from that evil prctice. It is said-and I trust there is truth in the report-that the Duke of ssau will shortly expel the hell-keepers from his dominions, and that he will exert his influence with other German Princes to induce them to do the same. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient servant 0. S. tYlesDaaen, riept. a.
THE GERIAN LEGION. iLU THiE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have read several letters in your estimable journl having reference to the proposed colonization of t-he Cape Frontier by the British German Legion. Without Twisbingg unnecessarily to lengthen tho corre-spondence by provoking- controversy,alo me, as a totay dsi. terested person. who dLoes not intend to accompany the L2gio to the 'Cape (though now a legionary), to assure "E or"and the unthorities that rtoiling cou:ld be done znore grateful t-o the feelings of the men than to officer them by efficient Englishmen;- and I have the best reason, for knowin" that, unles their wishes in this resect are complied with, not more than one-fourth of tl;ose now a-erving willcons-ent togo tothe Cape ofG(ood Hope. If Baro_n Stutterheim and Colonel lKinlools are not ascmnainted with this important fact, they can easily satisfy themselves of it ; but believe the former gallant officer is I a, Sr,you oedintServant. OkG1UIL ATTCHED TO TB LE GERMAN LECiloN. Volchester, sp &
RESTORATION- OF Gaocas . CAuE D.-A.-Itwas incidentally mentioned in Te Timas a few weeks ago that the noble nave of Glocester Cathedral was in course of restoration to its origin1 state by tho removal of barbarous coats of whitewash which covered the beantiful coloured stone and marble pilars supporti ng the roof. These restorations are now completed, under the able direction of 1r. E'rederick S. Waller, F.RS.B.A, of Glc&ester, architect to the cathedral The nmve is the portion of tha cathedral in vvhich the oratorios are sung at the triennial musical festivals. The roof is supported by massive Nforman pillars and arches, with the exception of the western etremity, which is in the perpendicular style. The groining and wndows of the clerestory, and the whole of the west iront and two adjoining piers and arches, are additions of a much later &te than the circular piers and arches and triforium. The groining was put sup during the abbacy of Foliet, after one of the fires which consumed the wooden roof, mention of which is -mads in the old chronicles, and evidence of which is afforded by the slate of the piers themsalves, which are all more or less calcined. The .evel of the have floor was ori gially 10 inches lower than at present, and the bases of the largenpers stood on square blocks. There still exist some remans of an encaustic floor on the lower level. The vaulting shafts are of marble, and the c3pitals, corbels, bases, bosses, and mouldings were formerly painted. All ehe colouring, which was veryrich, was effeCted with water colours; in one instance only has any gold been discerned, and that upon one of the boss in the roof. On the large les remains of painting were discovered during the restoraEons which have lust been effected, but Eo much muti ated saud destroyed as to be scarcely intelligible. One specimen appears to have been momentl and to have been ;ne example of Li kind. Lght stonework or brass has been attached to the pier in the form of buttresses, canopies, and pinacles, tne outline only of which was left, thq whole surrounded by painting divided at intervals by bands eriched with feurs-de-lis and emblems of the Trinity, and tho intenspace dipered with the letters L . S. and M., with creams over them. On one of the bands is the followinS inscription:-" Orate pro anima fris. Johs. Hertalud." The whole o the nave has now been thoroughly cleaned of its coats of yelow and whitewash; the stones reinstated where absolutely necessary, and with great care, so as not to destroy the ecularityof thework le lower portion of the lage piers are of a red tint, resembling at first sight the rd sandstone. The stone is, however, all oolite, the -colour being' the effect of fie, produced by the burning of the No= roof whieh existed before the present vaulting was erected. Tho effect of the nave is much improved by the blackz miarble vaulting shafts which were discovered under the whitewa, and -hich are now polished. The bases of the piers are al -renewed accordin- to the old design and the octagon bases have been removel. The original level of the nave floor is 11 inches belor what is now seen, and there ae the remains Xtf the encaustic floor stil visible on that leveL One win. dow, by Messrs. Hardman, of Birmingham, has just been put up in the clerestory; it is simply a copy of the old glass. Important restorations have also been made in the 7pt, which is a most interesting feature of the edifice, and whee it is evident, divine service was formerly performed, for there ara remains of altars, piscinas, &c,, generally of early date, but not so old as the crypt itself. One very complete exampe exists under the chapel adjoinig the north transept, w'ach was beautifully groined and decorated in the latter port of the 13th century. Large quantities of soil have recently been taken out of the crypt, and the old floors of the aisles and chapels discovered, which were found to be composed of a nort of rough concrete. There is a step up in each of the chapels, and the floors of these rise towards the esst end. The rough stonework which partly flled up the windows his been taker, away, and the windows themselves glazed. The appearauce of the crypt is verW much improved by these alterations The cloisters, whivh are some of tho fineat and most perfect in the kingdom, are intended to be lighted throughout thoe whole quadrangle by ainted glass. At present the stonework of tha windows is .Ledwit wmmon glass, with the exception of on window, a,Eich ashbeen filled as a memoral to the late Dr. Evans, mister of the Ca-hedral SchooL The -whole series of painted I windows, when completed, will form a history of the annunciation, life, death, and resuection of our Saviousr. The scheme (which has before been noticed in iZc Times) was orifnated with a viow to check the disfigurement of tho caherdral by monuments of any other descriution. As we havo alreadly stated, One compartment opposite the entrance, to the chapter-room is filled, anmother asa ad n third is promised. The finised window is -very beautiful. We shul add t.hat the whole of tho east and north eider of the cathedral have lately bran thrown oper to the public from early morning to eeriet by the remo. to of the rollage school pla-ground to another spot and by a 92criice on the past of two of the canons of a consIderable portion oftheirgardeus and *lprivy e T cground has been Luid out ia walks and drives and ornamentallv Il nted, and an enormous accumulation of coil removed from the walls of the cathedral-in some casea three feet in depth-and t;ho whole edifice has beenl thoroughly drained. The r,estorations and improvementsunderMn.wxallrderth th:e h:ighes credit upon him saaa architectt Sour roy, Sept. 9.-Tht7 Barcelonla, Captraini -Carafe, the first of a nLew line of 8renw steamers to run from mburg and Southampton to Santander, Cornat Cdi liLaga, Alicante, Cthagan, Valencia, and els arzived at this port this morning, with a few passengers, 2n& an freght abaot 3,0G0 p-1k--- of dried fruits for South. mpton, aid a full cargo for mhug. After coalingthe 33aroeloaa will proced on her voya,e7 to Hamhur on Thars. day -mori. h Ha mburgo, Captain L,oigrer, is the oacoad sip in ornaro withthi*s line, andis fgpeced at 'dam7ntlante about the 22d last, Tins 'U~ID SLiI:Suc Arsf.-.Acorig to the conmmnication of the- Secretary of State, the stnding armyr in,re ns, number ove r 13,000men, of whom more tLrai IZ9IoQ ae engaged in protecngthefrotier esin3t the dopredatlos of hostile di- N 'ea doyL MiY;rrr.
IBELAND. | (FE0OY eOra OWNr COROhDIT. - DUBLIN, TuSDAY MOnnG. TH 1UBLIN CRUMEAN BXXtQUXT. Withlout the slightest exaggeration it Iiiay be stated that the meetmg ye3terday at the Mansionhouse to make the necessary preparations for the banquet to the soldiers of the late war was m many respects a decided success. The attendance might easily have been more numerous, but what was wanting in nuimbers was more than balanced by the influential position of most of the parties who took part in the proceedings.. The Lord Mayor, of cour-se, presided, and the leading kers were Lord Gough, Lord Talbot de MEalabide, the Hligh-Sheriff of the county, Mr. Butt, QSC, Mr. William Daran &c. Communications from his Excellency tihe -ord Lieutenant, enclosing a subscription of SIlL, and from a very considerable number of noblemen, members of 'arliament, and others, were sclnowledged. One of the speakers estimated tne number of troops to be entertained a- 3,500 out of the 4,000 Imen on the Irish establishment who are decorated I with the Crimean med;al, but no exertion is to be spared to bring together, if at all practicable, every man who can be spared from duty on the day to be appointed for the banquet. The locality forthe display is not yet decided upon. The Rotunda Gardens were suggested, but it was thought that the available space there would be too circumscribed. Air. Dargan, with his accustomed liberalityj has promised to cover in the ground to be hereafter selected by the managing committee, and, as the latter have received promises of pecuniary support from all quarters of the country, nothing, it may be said, now remains but the narmig of the time and place for what is fairly expected to be a thoroughly national demonstration. There was not, of course, anything of novelty in the oratory of yesterday, but a passage or so from the spirited address of the veteran Lord Gough may not be without interest. " I recently," said his Lordship, "Witnessedthescene ofthose operationsto commemorate which, and to show our gratitude for which, this meeting is convened, as wvell as to do honour tD those noble men -who so gloriously, who so creditably, who so fearlessly, threLr themselves in'. the way of danger, and sacrificed life and everything else connected with man in this world in the cause of their country. (Applaus.) I was a close examinerof the difficulties our noble army and that of our noble askies had to overcome. As a soldier, and an old one too (hear, hear), long in the service of my country, I may be permitted to say that I can in soine mesmure form a tolerable estimate of the difficulties of military operations, and I will say that the difficulties of the armiy in the Crimea, especially at the ciose of the campaign, were much greater than I had anticipated; and I can well assure this meeting that that noble army well merits their warmest approval, their warmest admira.tion, and their wannest hospitality; and I now appeal to the hearts of Irishmen, who are noted for that great quality of hospitality. (Hear, hear.) Long may they show it, Sand may it resmound from one portion of Ireland to the other, and may it be a national feeling that we ought to show our gratitude to our noble soldiersthose men who sacrificed not only comfort and health but were ready to sacrifice life-and that we justly etimate their noble bearing. (Applanse.) I feela species of fraternity, I would almuost say paternity, towards the army at laran. Applause.) As one of the oldest soldiers, I say I feelforthemasI do for my own family, and as far as my own infinence and cordial co-operation can go it shall be willingly and anxiously given to further the objeots for which we aremet here to-day." (Applause.) Later in the day his Lordshlp again briefly addressed the meeting, with a view of maldng the following allusion to a promise given by Marshal Pelissier to nay a visit to Ireland, an annouacement which elicited a perfect tempest of apnlause : "I shall mention a matter that may be gratifyirg to the meeting, with reference to the suggestion of Alderman ;eynolds, that we should invite some of our gallant allies. (Cheers.) Now, my lords, it sohappened that yeeterday I received a letter from Marshal flake De Malakhoff whom you lately knew as Marshal Pelissier (cheers), and, among other things, he stated that he proposed to fuil a promise he madetome when in theCrimea,that he would cme to visit me in Ireland. (Loud cheers) Ithought it would be gratifyingtoyou to hearthis. (ear, hear. I sincerely hope that he will come, and I amconvincedmywrhearted countrymen will give him a truly cordial welcome on his arrivaloin this ountry. (Loud cheers. " Colonel Browne.-We must ask him to the dinnen" It should be mentioned as a commendable feature of the proceedings, that it was unanimously resolved that the invitations to the dinner should not be limited to soldiers natives of Ireland, but should include all Scotch and English soldiers at present serving in this cousitry. TUac EDUCATION QUESTION. The Committee of the Church Education Society of Ireland have just put forth a long circular and appeal in reference to the present position and prospects of the association. The documents run to considerable length, but an exract from the annual I report will suflice to show that the opponents of the national system have no intention of making any* concession upon the main point at issue-namely, the unrestricted teaching of the Scriptures. After some preliminary observations the report proceeds as follows: "As the national system is now administered, absolute security is given to Roman Catholic parents that their children shall notbe taught the Scriptures, but it affords no security to Protestant parents that their children shall receive instruction therein; since any school which requires such instruction to ba imparted to every child as a necessary part of education is shut out from a share in the public grant; while any school which exdudes the Scriptures, nay all religious teaching, is eligible for a share therein; and this, not-withstanding the 'dagrant inconsistency of -such an arrantement wvith the answer of the Comamittee of the Council of ;ducatien, printed and published byorder of Parliament, in the last session, to the application of a secular'school committese in Manchester for aid to a certain school, the answer amounting to this, that 'no aid could be given because there was no Provision made for insuring religions teaching in e school' " This hard measure dealt out to Protestants in Ireland by their exclusion from a system professedly based on religions equality is a heavy blow, and a sore discouragement to many who bave been willing to devote their time and substanceto the education of the poor. it has also led to this result, that the principle on which they have refused to put their schools in conne.xion with the State system has been canvassed afresh, some well-wishers even going so far as to suggest the propriety and expediency of so modifying our rule as to permit the children of objecting parents to withdraw from the Scripture class. "But besides the sanction which would be given to the Romanist principle of hostility to the free use of the Bible, by allowing the Scriptures to be thus thrast into a corner, we see dearly that another abandonment of principle is involvedin thesuggested conceaion-vis., that the ptrLons and mastersofthesctoolsmustpledgethemselvesduringthehours of secular instraution, to abstain from Christian teaching on theauthorityof Cod's Word,wheneverorwhatevercccadonor necessity shall arise for it. It is in our judgment plainly contrary to the first principles of Christian obligation that any man, under any circumstances, should voluntsrily enter into such a pledge. It is, moreover, spedally incongraous that the State should place the ministers of the established church in such relation to all their pafshioners that while they would be liable to. certain penalties were they to refuse some of the rites of the church to any of them, and while in the ordination service the duty is imposed on them of teaching all the people committed to their charge out of the Scripta]res, and of banishing all strange doctrines from among them, it should, instead of aiding them to fulfithese engagements in their schools, compel them to violate them by the restrictive rules of the national system. "We have lately heard of an instanceeof a mistres of a school conducted on the principles of the national system asking a child, ' Where will all liars be sent tol' and rece"igin answer, 'To Purgatory.' And because asheknew that it would be contrary to the rule of the system to dis. abuse the child's mind she resigned her situation and emigrated to America, We have heard of anotner who was appealed to by two children, the one asserting that the V=gin Mary was to ho worshipped, the other that she was net;- and the nistres, knowing the restrictions imposed on her by the roles of the system, refused to answer either. "Will our brethren of the church in England be content to see the Irish clerg and laity brought under such a yokla of bondage, and compelled to imprison the ' truth in u-w righteousness? Shasl the libarty which is conceded tProtestants in allotherparts of Her Majestys dominions be denied to Protestants in Ireland? Swll Bomnists in i England be Ideod in educating according to their principles, and Protestants in Ireland ha denied all aid in educating acording to thoirs? "But whatever be the amount of sympathy in this Imatter which the friends of scriptural education azy re. [colve, either from the English public or from Parliament, the principle at stake is too elear and sacred to admit ofany hesitation in maintaining it. We must not give pl to The demands of Rome to relax or rule re tg th Scriptures, nor reduce ourselves to guilty silence du-in the hours of general instruction, when we ought at times to be ready to be -itnesses for the trath of God, and to be instant ' in season and out of seaon' inmal m g it " But it is objected to this,-If yoe release Protestants from the bonds which rtrict them from propagating Scriptural trath, you mvst equally release Romanista from the bonds uhich hamper them in diffusing anti-Scriptural We say in reply,-Is it a safe or lawful compact to consent to suppress truth on condition that others willagree to sunpress error? Is not error the naturalproduce of the huiman heart? Does not the seppression of truth tend directly to the growth of error? Wa it ver heard UAt the suppaemlon of error has issued in the promotion of traihtruth bein lint which dose not grow natuly in the soi of the human heart " Whatever course, then, the State may tink fit to pursue rtoarda Roman Catholi ptromns in consequene of conceding to us our righteoua demands, this has not the ight f eather a rument for keeping the Word of God in.bonds.. aa " Beside the authoritis of the Chusok of Rome have already Irtually acknowledged themselves to b frte widr the national syVtem, as it allows thato W.-ry Wt tAnim principlet. This is obviously the cse in one main poiatthe unrestacil powerh to auprems the Bible. I . " It is also objected, that tl lst_hng controvas lomea into the schools the present tranquillity of the country will be conver'ed into confusion and discord. There is not a shadow of reaon for such Apprehension, for it will mxake no pract.cal difference in the mnode of conducting the sc0ools, and though there never was at Any timo more religious contro. versy in Ireland than at the present, yet the country was never more tranquil. " But while the society thus explains ana defenas its present position. setig its seal to its own flndamental rule, and asserting its liberty to propagate truth, it must not conceal from its friends the straits to which it is reduced by refuosng to sit down under the shadow of State patronage. Independently of the painlul feeling 'which ariLes in the bosom of a loyal subject at being dissociated from the State in the discharge of the great public function of popular education, and the consequent exposure to the frown of those in power, it is a costly undertakingto educate the poor of oar people unaided by Glovernment support. The committee are often in perplexity to meet their engagements, and are forced to exercise rigia economy where liberal expenditmre would be followedby proportional advantage. They are often obliged to return isouragin answers to thoso whose Christian energy has prompted them to offer their services in the establishment and super. intendence of Scrifure schools. Under the pressure of such distressing confict they ap eal rnesty for pecuni aid toal who sympathize with them." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols for Account, 12th of Septeimber, 04 4 ; ditto for -lNewr Account, 13th of October, 94w; NewThree per Cunt.Stock, 94; ditto for Account, 12th of September, 94^ ;.ditto for Nows Account, 13th of October, 94~; Duolin and Kingatoirn Bailway Debentures, 4 per Cent of lOOt., 100; City of Dublin SteamPace]et Shares of 1830, 501. paid, 3O+.
IL.NS OF COURT. The following is a prospectus of the lectures to be delivered during the ensuing Michaelnas E1ducational Term by the several Readers appointed by the Inns of Court CowsTr=oT. x,l ILv AN-D LEGAL HISTORY. The public lectures to be delivered by the Reader onConstitutional Law and Legal History will comprise the followingsubjects:- Temper and Character of England at the Accession of Charles I.-Privleges of the House of Commons-Character and Result of Political Struggles during his Reign-In. Iluence of the Church-Attempts to mak-e it Independent of State Control-Conduct of the Judges during the Reigns of the Stuarts-Progress and History of JurisprudenceReigns of Charles and James 11-Causes of the Revolution -Reign and Policy of William IIL Review of the Ozigin and Causes of the Engish Constitation from the Reign of John to the year 1688, Comparison of the French and English Governments and J ur dence In his private lectures tha Reader will proceed from the reikgn of Charles D . to the year 1782. Boo'ss,-'Millar's View of the English Constitution," 'Claresdon's History.' an d May's History," " Burnet's History of His Own Time," "Hlalam's Chapters on the, Reigns of the Stuart Kin's" and the "Reign of William the Third," " The State Trials," " Stephen's Blacketone,", "Macaulays History" (fourth volume), " Rapin's History of Charlges I. and 1L," " Tindal's Continuation," "RBeig of 'William the Thir1." The Reader on Constitutional Law and Legal History will deliver his public lectures at Lincoln's-inn-hall on Wednesday in each week (the first lecture to be delivered on the 12th of November), commencing at 2 p.m. The Reader will receive his private classes on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday mornings in each week, at half-past 9 o'clock, in the Benchers' reading-room at Lincoln's-fji-hall. (The first civate class to be held on Thursday, the 13th of Novem- The Reader on Equity proposes to deliver during the ensuing educational term. a course of six lectures on the following subjects:-'- The Influence exerc5sed by the Norman Conquest on Judicial Procedure in England," "The History and Constitutior. of the Court of Chancery," "The Principles of Pleading in Equity," and " The Jurisdiction in Bankruptcy." The Reader on Equity proposes to formtwo privateclaFzes, a senior and junior, according to the amount of preliminary knowledge possessed by the students using in the junior smieis Mian.ual of Equi4i 3m- i-pudenze as atext-hcook; anld, in the senior, whil-e following the division adopted in the manual, illustrating the subject by a moro frequent reference to cases. The Reader on Equity -will deliver his public lectures at Linco'rW's-inn-hall on Thursday in each week, durng the educational term, commencing at 2 o'clock p.m. (Tne first leoture to be delivered on the 6thof November.) The Reader will receive his private classes on Mondays, WYednesdays, and Fridays, at half-past 3 p.m., in the benchers' read. ing-room. (The first private class to be held on Friday, tho 7th of November.) LAw oF. REAL PsosunTv, &c. The Reader on the Law of Real Property, &c.,proposes to deliver in- the ensing educational term a course of six public lectures on the follovdng subjects:- L A comparison between the old and new law of wills 2. The statutes 1 Victoria, c. 26 and 15, and 16 Victoria, c. 24. 3. The decisons upon those statutes. In his private classes the Reader on Real Property Law will explain the common forms of wills, give suggestions as to the best mode of framing wills, and exne minutely the latest decisions on the Wills Acts. Tke public lectures will be delivered at Gray's-inn-hall on Friday in each weelk, at 2 p.m. (the first lecture to be delivered on the 7th of November). The private elasses will be hela in the North Library of Gray's-inn, on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday mornings, from a quarter to 12 to a quarter to 2 o'clock (the first private clss to be held on Monday, the 10th of November.) JURISPRUDM=CE AND THE CIrV LAW. The Reader on Jurisprudence and the Civil Law proposes in the course of the ensuing Michaelmas Term to deliver s publiclectures on the following subjects:- 1. The elementary principles of Roman law respecting proprietary and possessory rights, modes of acqmusition and transfer, and the classification ofthings. 2. The departments of international law which have been affected by Roman jurisprudence, particularly capture in w. ar, maritime and territorial dominion, sovereignty, occupation, po3session, and prescription. With the private classes the Reder will proceed re"ularly through the princial departments of Roman law, Yieginning with the lav of persons The " Institutes of Justinian" and the " Commentaries of Gains will form the basis of the lectures, and will be read together; but on certain days selected portions of the digest will be taken. Reference will frequently be made to the " Institutiones" and " Conmmentsr&Juris Romani Privati"' of Warnimnig, and to the "E xplication Historique" of Ortolan. The private c=asses will assemble at the Clas-room in Garden-court, Middle Temple, on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, at a quarter to 4p.m., the frst meeting to take place onhthe 13th of November. The first public lecture will be delivered in the MTiddle Temple-haJ on Tuesday, the 11th of NRovember. Coaisw0 LAW. The Reader on Common Law proposes to deliver during the ensuing educational term a course of six public lectrs on the subjects nndermentioned * Lecture1willbeintroductorto the study of our common law;, wrill indicate the various matters of wihich it takes cognizance, andspecifyits leading branches and subdivis,ions. Lectures 2 and 3 vill be devoted to an examination of cortain maxims and principles of our common law which concern the Crown, especially og the following rules:That the Sovereign can do no wrong; that the rights of the Crown cannot be barred by lapse of time; that where the Zing's title and that of a subject concur the Kins title shal be preferred. These rules will be considered, not in their constitutional bearing, but strictly in reference to private rights and remedies at suit of or against the Sove- Metures 4 nd e will treat of the nature of legal rights and remedies as between subject and subject. lecture 6 wll be devoted to an inquIry concernin- such rules of legislative policy as are recognized and ordinarily apphed in courts of common law. With his private class the Reader will purse in detail the various subjects and toples above sletched ou; and in so doing will refer principaly to the following works:"Blackstone's or Stephens Commentaries," vols. l and 3- the " Treatises of Messrs. Chitty and Allen on the Royai Prerogative J' and "Dwvarris on Statates," second edition. The public lectures will be delivered in the hall of the Inner Temple on Monday in each week, at 2 p.m. (The first lecture on Monday, November 10.) The private class will be held in the hall on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday mrnings fiom a quarter to 12 to a quarter to 2 o'clock, the first private class to be held on Tuesday, the 11th of November. By order of the Council. RICHARD BETHELL Chairman. Council-chamber, Lincoln's-inn, Aug. 4. Note.-The Michaelmas educational term commences on the 1st of November and ends on the 22d of December. The first meeting of each privato class will take plae on the usual morning or evening of maeeting next after tho first public lecture on the same subject.
MILITARY anc NAVAL ITNIBLIGENCR. - I I I - l .. I. BXDUo - : The following CircuLa Memomran'duns'hal beelz issued to the Infantry Regiments. at and . thomne an abroad, ecp India- ;' ' ' ''' s - Horse-Guards, Sept. 5. * ' Seven battalions '"IL iEer jetysGovernment Foot Guards, each ata= having, in 'consequence of the establshmentoflO0o0m.- return -of. pesae, determined to pasies, of 46 sergeants, - effect a reduction i. ihe xrmy, exclusive of thes chool- and the establishment of regmaster, 17 -drummers, ments of Infantry having been including drum-major, fixed by the Quee. at -the numi' 800 rank And file, -with bers given in the mrgin: - his 50 supernumerary rank Royal Highness the General and Mle to each battalion Commanding-in-Chief has been until Absorbed; and an pleasedtoapproveof the follow. addition of 1 pipe-major sug arrangements for caiirying and 5 pipes to each bat- ont that measure * tal3ozof the ScotsFasi-- '-2. Officers commanding wil leer Guards. selectfrom the whole strength of "Eighttwo regi- the corps the specifieda number of ments at nome and in men, .being careful to -retain as the colonies, at an esta-. many as possible of the prescribed blishment of 12 comnpa- standu d of 5 feet 6 inches, pronies, of 56 sergeants, ex- ceeding to tho depots (when clusive. of the school- both portions of the regiment are master, 21 drammers, at home) to select the men. The including drum-major, whole of the -men composing the 1,000 rank and file, with service companies abroad are to 50 supernumerary rank be considered to form zpar tI of anifileuntilabsorbed,to those retained on the establshbe borne by the service ment. - companies when the re-- 3. The battalions being comgiment is at home. pleted, officers commanding regi- !st and 2d battalions ments, and the depots of regiRoyal, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, ments abroad, vill ascertain how 6th, 7th. 9th, Ilth, 13th, many of thii surplus, whether up 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th, to the prescribed standard or not, 18th, 19th, 20th, 21st, provided they are fit in other 22d, 2Md, 20th, 26th, respects, are wiMing to volunteer 28th, 30th, 31st 33d, to other regiments, vhich will be 34th, 36th, 37fth, 38th, named hereater, or to the Land 39th, 40th, 41st, 42d, Transport Corps, now being re44th, 45th, 46th, "47th,- organized under the title ofthe 48th, 49th, 50th, 51st, Military Train. Every man ac54th, 55th, 56th; 57th, cepted as a volunteer for regi58lh, 59th, 2d and 3d maents of the line will receive one battions60t1,662d, 63d, gainex bounty; where 20 rank 65th, 66th, 67th, 68th, and fila are given: by one regi69th, 71st; 72d, 73d, ment to another, a sergeant will 76th, 77th, 70th, 80th,. be allowed to volunteer with 82d, 85th, 88th, 89th, them. The pay, &c., in the 90th, 91st, 92d,' 93d, MIlitarY Train is to be as3imi94th, 95th, 96th, 97th, latedin allrespectstothe cavalry. 98tb,99th,lst, 2d and3d 4. Commanding offlicers will 'battalions Rifle Brigade. then proceed to dispose of the -"'An-addition of 1 remainder, dividing them into pipe-major and 5 pipers the following classes, and trnsto 42d, 71st, 72d, 79th, mitting description returns to 92d, and93dRe ments. this deportment, or to the De- ' Regiments in India puty-Adjutant-GeneralatDublin, will remainattheirpre- according to the formarescribed sent establishment. at page 198, Quccn's B7.q7uiations, The 12th Foot tore- a separate return being forwarded main at its present esta-' for each class, together with an blishment of 1,200 rank Abstract, acoording to the accomand file. -prnsng Firtly. Men to be invalided as totally unfit for service. "Secondly. Such non-commissioned officers and men as maybe consideredc by the medical officers as of weakly constitution, and not likely to become robust and efficient soldiers ;'Thirdly. Men ofL incorrigibly bad character whom it may be desirablo to discharge, and wvho, being marked, will not be able to re-enlist, -provided they are not entitled to pension or gratuity under any existing warant. A speciel report of these cases is to be made for the decision of his Royal Highness the General Commanding-in-Chief. "L Tastly. And only, if necessary, after having disposed of the three cLases above specified, a return of the remainimg non-commissioned officers and men, without distinction as to age or length of service, who may be disinclned. to contiRue in the army, and are desirous of being relieved from their engagements; and such iank and file as will not volunteer to other corps. " 5. Commanding officers will take care not to discharge youths the sons of soldiers born in the army or brought up at the Royal Military Asylum, or Hibernian School, and enlisted by special authority, without first ascerthining that their friends are willing and have the means of providing for them. " 6. Sucl eupernumerary non-commissioned officers as may remain after these arrangements are carried into effect, will, for the present, be borne or the strength of their resuective re'iments with a view to their being ultimatey absorbed - but officers commanding service companies wil be carefninot to make any fresh promotiors or appointments unatil the whole of the supernumeraries at- the depot shall have been disposed of. "7. Non-commssioned officers and men discharged under these regulations -will be entitled to carry with them the whole of their clothing now in wear. "S. It is desirable to 3ret;un as many neallits. as possible, and his Royal Highness trusts to the discretion of conmanding officers in this respect. " By command, "G. A. WETHERALL, Adjntant-General." The Earl of Cardigan, as Inspector-General of Cavalry, visited Maidstono yesterday. His Lordship arrived by an early train, and proceeded to the Cavalry Depot,t where the men were inspected in horse and foot drill. His Lordship then witnessed the officerse drill in the riding-school, and retu-nmed to town in the afternoon, accompanied to the statfon by Colonel Griffiths, commandarit of the DepOt. -Her MajesWs sloop Express, Commander Boys, arrived at Spithead on Monday evening from the Brazils after an absence from England of five years and three months. She left Rio Janeiro on the 19th of July, being towed out of the harbour by the boats of the French, American, and English squadrons, and on the 24th of August touched at Fayal and procured some fresh provisions, which were very necessary for her debilitated ship's company. She sailed from Fayal on the following day, but was detained in the channel by easterly winds and calms. She brought a small mail from Rio de Janeiro, and the following passengers:Lieutenant E. Kelly, from the Siren, on promotion; 31r. Carstairs, Acting Boatswain, from the Siren, for the disposal of the Admiralty; and 11 invalids-viz., Ir. G. M. Shacklock, Master, from the Siren; Mr. D. Horn, Boatswain, from the Indefatigable; 1 seaman and 2i boys from the Pearl, 2 men and I boy from the Sampson, I ropemak-er and 1 'Marine from the Siren; also Mr. M. Robinson, Acting Assistant-Surgeon of the Indefatigable, lent to do duty on the passage home, on account of the illness of Mr. Solo, Surgeon. The Express was commissioned in Jun e, 1851, by Commander Head,'who died of yellow fever at Bahia in May, 1853. She was first sent to the West India station, and employed in protecting British interests, Sc., at Gzsytown, Mosquito. She was ordered from that station to the south-east coast of America, on account of Commander Fead having compelled an American steamer (the Prometheus) to pay the port dues at Greytown, which occasioned a correspondence between tha two Governments. She arrived at Rio de Janeiro in May, 1852, and has been incessantly cruising since then for the, suppression of the slave trade, ha"ing visited every place on the coast, from the Falkland Islands, as far as Para (in the river Amazon). When at the Falkland Islands,' in Januay, 1854, she again came into colision with the Americans; some whale ships of that nation having been in the habit of killing pigs and cattle on the island without a licensa, the Express was sent to afford assistance to the governor by arresting the delin,quents, and, in prosecuting this duty, she was interfered ,with by the United States' corvette Germantown. The cor- respondence with the captain of that ship was of such a nature that it had to be referred to our Government for settlement. Duiing the time the Express s on theBrazil station she suffored much from sickness, principally - dysentery and yelowr fever. In Mlay last,, when at ,ses> the fever broke out very violently; six died 'beforeoher return to Rio, on the Ist of June, and 41 offcerm and men were on that date sent to the Fever -Hospital of St. Isabel, in Juruguba-bay, lio de Janeiro; seven men died at that place, including Lieutenant W. G. Sewell and Assistant-Surgeon Soden. She returns home - with only one officer (Mr. George Richards, master),'16 seamen, and two marines, who left Englandinher. The Leander, 50, sailing frigate, Captain Rice, miled on Monday evening from Portsmouth for Chathana tobe paid oxf The Govermment transport Diligence has arrived at Woolwich and entered the basin to embark stores tor the home stations. * The new iron screw-steamer the Balaklava has arved at Woolwich. This vessel was built by Messrs. T. and W. Smith, of Newcastle (who also built the Chasseur steam floating factory), for the specal service of the Ordnance Department of Woolwich Arsena. She was on Monday depatched on a' trial trip round the 1ore i3ght, and carried a light ballast of 25 tons of guns. She went beauti- fully down the fiver? having the Ordnance colours flying at the main, xad Mr. Pellatt and family az passengers. Notwithstanding the disadvantage under which the veel worked, by the propeller being only partially immersed, she accomplished the trip at the' average rate of ten knots an hour. The fo'lowing are her dimensions:-Iegthbetween perpendiculars, 140 feet; breadth, 20 foet 6 inhes ; depth of hold, 12 feet 6 inches; tonnage (builder's), '272 32-94. Sheis supplied with engines of 40-horse powor, and cirries 2S0tons at.ten feet water.'-. - The foUowing instrmctionBhavelIeen reeeivedat Woolwich bythe Acting-Commandant of the RoylMarines, Colonel Hawkins, and registered in garrlson orders:- "The Lords Commissioners of the' Admiralty hsve had under consideration-the 3d acd 4th articles and schedule B of an act for limiting the time of Cvioe in the Royal Mrine forces, franmedJuly 2 1847, which provide that any. Mrine, at anytime d g the Jat six monkhs he torma of limited service for which he sal have beea s ; exsgad or afe the compl.ie ofIaneiterm, mtay se re-ged to-serve for the fher o- of 12 eas inh RoYal Maria ors,e' and that-'h shll be: rec,uired to complet. a p.roii of-2 yara'aeioe to entith imu to a penior. or dischrjg. 2,'Wtlath e to tho proriin, their lodsip haver l_ F "Wif that a, lsisio wle mtecdusao. Itotest MarineMutiny Act for limit g e nio. in tha fp 'Of Roy. 21- yea Thir rsre -b. h iit furter u to direct that it is to be publWyjoifiod a the several diviional. heid-uar that no. n will be called upon to re-egage for a loner team than, -*th: his firt enlstment, will complete 21 year?s' asunde, :i rheu I ill be entitled to the same io1n bnenjyed byf ioer branches of.the =errios; -tb emm dt of diviions will thereforem give publicity totheir Lodshipe comMnanDds The following. appolntmentsewere made yerterday at ther Admiralty:- - Lieutenant aud Comnander A. J. TViliers, to the Starl ; Lieutenant Charles R. Roboon,- to the Rlenheim; Lieutenant T- M. Jone $to the Retribution; Lieutenant P. H. Calvert, to the Excellent;' H. Kerr: actin mate, to the Flying BEsh; ViwconntXiloourcieq, midahi man,tothe Crr;-theRev. G..Jackson,chaplin,tothe Blenheim; J. G. G. Simmond4p mr,theRaleigi; Alexander Allen, assistant-paymnsttr in charge, to the Oberon; M. Pengelley, assisitnt-paymaster,tdl the Edirkburgh; M. G. Antey, assistant-paymastee, to the Raleigh; Alexander Thompson, assistant-paymaster, It. the Blenhenn; J. S. Moore, assistant-paymastr, to the James Watt;. E.H. Cotterell, clerk, to the Ierererance- H. E. Roy. clerk, to the Raleigh; W. E. Skinner, clerk, to the Coloesus; J. Backhouse, clerk to the Colossus. The steam. transport Clyde arrived in-Kingstowis harbour on Monday from Alderney, with the depBt of the 36th Regiment, numbering 21 officers and 453'inen.. Thisnornuig a large detachment of oonvalescentiavalid4 the whole of whom .have recovered from their wounds and sickneA, will leave the invalid establisIm-ent. at Chatblam, under the command of Ensign D. Jackson,' 40th Regiment, foi the purpose of proceeding to Liverpool, where they will embark for Ireland to join their rpective regiments and depOts. - -
ART TTREASIrES EXHBITION. -Wehave greatsatisf action in gingpublicity to thegra. tifying fact-that, in additiou to the many proofs already giveni by Her Majesty the: Qaeen- and- his Royal. lighness Prince Albert .of their; interest in the succesa of the Erhibitioi of Art T-easuret , a letter:ha been ieeently received by the executive committee, from Colonel PNippS. addressed to the chairman by. command of Her majesty, enclosing the list of the pichures from Etckiuigham Palace and Windsor Castle which Colonel Phipps saes, '' "er Iajesty the Queen will have much pleasure in lending, for the purposes of the exhibition." The list includes the following celebrated pictures, forming -as all who are acquainted with works of art must imowa collection which in itself would am ly compensate a wvsit. Many of these pictures are now ped in the audience chamber of BuckinghamnPalace,nnd certainly no stronger evidence could possibly be given by Her Majesty of her anxiety to. support the proposed Exhibition than the condescension manifested in consenting to w_thdraw so many of the miost valuable pictures during the period of the dxhibition. After the example thus set by our6fost Gracioas Queen the committee may crtainly feel that their labours become comparatively light, and, without fear of the result, may apply to the various possessors of work;s of art throughout the cosuntry for the loan of their choicest treasures. Ast of paintings contributed -by Her Majesty from Bucldngham,Palace* iti an Ida e. Rubena .. .. .. Portrait-s Rembrandt .Enrianoeto theSe pulchre. s . .. .. ....lPortrait of hiuael Gerard Dw . . . a Menagerie. S:halkenL.. e eoi Detroasui. Adrian VanderWer .. Boy aLnd GirL Gonalei Caqies s. .. MylnheerVerhelst, Vife,andChildran Teniers .. 3 our BooM AdrianVanOstade S .everal per0seoplaWing and singing. Isac Van Otade TraTellers Haltng. Paul Potter --u- . nfront of a Stablc. Adrian Vander Velde . A EillyLaodscape. Brsheem . .. Group of Peaants with Cattle. CarelDujarLin . . Cow lying ina Meadow. Philip Wozvermans . Cavaly Soldiers. Albert oCyp .. .. .. A Horseman. ,Jan Van2ffer Heyden.. .. view or a Dntch House. -Graret.. .-. .-. Franciscans at Service. Sir Joshu Reynolds . Portraitof himsel. SirDaTidWilkie .. .. BindmnanBuff. rxom eWindsor Castle:- Vandyck .ThormsKittegrewandThornasCarew. ... .. .. . 'The Children of Charles L - . ... .. .. Charles I. on HorsebSack. Clude Lorraine a. . . Landscape. _ ..L....zandscape. Georgs Pens .. .. Portrait o£ E nrasas. Rembrandt - A Young gan in Torkdih Costume. Holbein .. .. Sir Henry Geilford. - .. .. Dr. Stolesb. .Edward VL Q-atin ts .. .. SThe ersh - . .A SnsaliAIl.er Guido Rerd . . .. .. Cleopatra aa dth Asp, DomenIchini - St. Agne. Itubens . . Portrait of his Second Wife. - - .. .. St. Martin Dividing his Cloak with a Be"Ir. - -.. .. .ubaene oevmPoetrait.
fANCHESTEB MBCHANICS INSTITUTION 2HI.tBITIOZX. The Art and Indestrial Exhibition wYith which it was intended to inauguarte the new Mfechanics Institution at Manohester was opened yesterday. Although Lord Palmerston was prevented by a family bereavement from fulfilling his engagement by presiding on this occasion, it was exceecingly well attended by season tieketholders of a ginea each, and, it skeaks well for the success of the exhibition that among the fi-st attendants weremany of the leadingand most wealthy inhabitants of the town and neighbourhood. There were Mr. Oliver Heywood, president of theinstitution, the LJord Bishop of Manchester, Mr. W. Brown, MP., Mr. Bazley, President of the Chamber of Commerce, Mrh W. Fairbairn, C.E., and others, who have taken a wrarm interest in the institution for yexar past. The priipal portion of the company having assembledin the ecture.hall,nfeer the National Anthem hadbeen given by a full choir, accompanied by the organ, lir. OLIvERHEYwOOD, the president, briefly opened tue Exhibition in a short address, in which he said-It was the wish of the directors with whom he had been associated in the erection of that building that he should express the gratification and- encouragement they derived from the presence of so many friends. They had hoped that their fiTst assemblng within those walls would have been under very' differet circumstances, and it was their wish to cornect the opening of- the - exhibition with the inauguration of the new building, and to avail. fhemselves of the opportunity -which the occasion appeared so happily taafford of giving a new impulse to the wor in which they were engaged. They thought that the past history of that institution, -which was among the earliest of its class, and which had contributed so largely to the intellectual, social, and moral improvement of the community, might bo traced with interest and advantage fromits day of small things, during along and successful career, until when self-supporting, free romdet,with1,600members, of whom 700 were in regular attendance at its day and evenig classes, and with a Library of 1,300 volumes, the huildifrg w.hieh it had1 occupied fors quarter of ^a century (let it be r-emembered, totlae credit of Manchester, that it was the first erectedinthis countryforsuch apurose), wasafound inadequateto meet the demands of a growing community, and an appeal was made for assistance to enxble them to provide accommodation for those to -vnom, from lack of saxce, they vere uLder the necessity of refusing admittance into the clases. With what success they -would perceive. (Hear, bear.) - But however gratifying and instructive the retrospect might be, the conviction that the future welfare of the institution must depend upon the intelligence and wisdomwith which it *as oonducted made them especially anrious that at their day of opening they should ho surrounded by some -of the -most distinguished friends of popular educatioi, that expression might be 'yen to' the most enlightened views on this subject wch experience had taught, - that their future course might be marked out, and their - energies quickened to. pur sue it, and they ventured to hope that the labours of the season being over, peace secured, and attention agsin turned-to the develupment of commerce and the improvement of the people, the noble lord who, after so long a life devoted to thepublir service nowdirectedtheccuncils ofthe nation (Lord Palmerston), wouidnot withhold his consentto beprescnt on the occasion, and to isit a communlitywhich by itsindustry contributed holargely tothe mationalwealth, and. of which he might say withtrnth that it was in advance of every other in this lingdom Vihts provision -for the socidal gratification and -physical -iell-being of its induatrious classes, as well asfor the persevering efforts whichit had made to. secure for them, -and -at its own cost, the advantages of a sound edaucation. (Hear, hoer.) The kindness with wvhich- the noble lord receivea snd aented to their request uld not soon b forgotten, xnd if -dhe (the bereaiden t forbore now to -ause more th s-ePing allusion to the deep hrgret with Which they dlreted the noble lord's ibsence,-itws because -he -felt tathe domestic,bereaLve-I menthich wacitscu e hforbade2themtodwrell apon their owl disapp,otment. Tbeyhoed, boiedv r,th atte visit w0s only postponed, jnd that herfuter, umder ha,ppier circum. sinces and xt no 'ery disant day, the intitution mnight have the whcation-o relcom,in him Witoin its. wall.- TheExhibintion they opened todays the fifth which Had been Indertaken and roineonfallr carrhed out by tho dirmetors of th imnstituticn. Their fote had long gone by, eclipsed by the grhader ineoptions of later tires, -et Manchester might revollec-with pride that she we the byst to set th example of these isdo al en ibitions, and thae thexiesunementy hicd the directors were able to make at tbe conclusionof the tbrst-owe 20 yeas ago-that. althogh,aifterhavingbeenisited br T-waprd of 60,0 pweopile. it. ad nsdo without wilful jnux to any single ariclde exrhihited-led to the-upasngbgof the museu, sand other instittion in faoch.ster,- and wa the rumataeuupon Wlhich Mfr. ltniesw in the Hose of -tommoe, found&lTbis motion-for the opening of the Britiak Museum bRe ear.) It-wano prom inent it of their scheme to trovide moere amluement; but tfieydid not tis iineonsrent With tbet higher objects to - shelah th te pro. hetedfter to devoe: tlemselves- to ende-voar, bJ eXisuch as t his,o new ma4d nobler tuie, o edtecuriosity en-Iquiry, to emancipet fr om ras pleasure, tbatth heairt Dmight beopen to tae receptie. of miew-btin sort, to gireadesire for knowrledlge bnset iDgit ian attraDtire form. After expesg aWisk t thii -}ibitiolugh cam ahaim lcale,i maigp mpya ast to the we,kat clses which they euenot atai,-thaoush gutwadnolae seort at r don, Pari, a? nd Dhibm, the Preddent;-toncluded by anncwaingta h Ext~ic wac opn, d the compe7 ore *t iberty to- pm t- - Sne opeening crmony ooneue Wi asoee
GL0TEB MUSIfA TIVAL. (FXoEk oUR-iwx- RKPORT3R.) GLOCESTEX, SEPTr. 9. If tbs remJt of thi day may be aeoped an aug.ry, theina aaivma ymeln of the threhoirs preose to be- dof the ost prosperos onreeord Thesplandour of the w iser ha brout hunireds frm the ooUUMV routd abot, who wou1d othirwise, in all probsUlity, have tayed at houe, or at meat have attded .one of the reaming Dr easeisi peifortmae, coording - to -their ta te. But thre wa no resistig snuo an murnerrupt Rood, of znldae, and, thus enhaned, the eai temptations of the feAffil-wliioh yield in no repect tothe later, the point of attrtion bing judiciously dispersdd andi subdividedproveadoudblygeduceive. The iewar fromu the surrounding mills this morning diicloeed "the Fayre Cty" (for Gloceta; like Worcester, -exults in this le nday title-doubtle the foad endowment of its aucient itiawns to the be adanta . The spires of the chuchs glittred in ihe- sunbems; the 'tall and tately tower of tho cathedral, with its perfora pinnacles and ornamented. members-one of the finest strLctures of the ina in Europe -reaed its lofty headin solitarymagnifiwonoe, like- some sone giant, guardian of the place; the railway station, the shipping in the dock-, and other priininent objects, all combined in prewenting a pazorams both varied and impOs ing, if not exactly one to astonish by its Tatness and extent. Decidedy GloDester, tobe greatly Admired, must be contejsplited undei such favourable atmospheric cirumstances, which setit offin much thesame styleas acleverpuinter, preadmonished thit the abeolute truth is not required, knoirs how to embellish the formand features of S fdedladyUpon canvals. It mut also -beseen from a ditnce, when, with the atove conditions,-an effectiye and fittering -viewsnmy be obtained from any one of the cardinal points of the compass, Just now, when the streets ndfthoroughfares overflow with visitors from all parts, it seems as if each of the four great irteries of which, -with their many branches and avenues, thecity'i compoed was holding its speda 1fb. Aadddto all this-the church-btlls ringing peals, as merry as tho5 are monotonous,.andsome general notion may he gleaned of a IGlocester music-meeting under the influence of fine weather. TIfTere is not very much to writo about the selectilon caf music at the full cathedral service this morning. It was for the most part composed of materials wlich, althouih mot likely ever to wear out, being mnade of too solid stuff, might,withoutdetriment,be replaced,foranintervl, bysome. thing eelse The service was preceded by the usnal volu'ntay, at the hands of Mr. G. Townshend Smith, organist of Hlereford Cathedral, whose duty it is ho officiate whenCtlie jmeeting of the choirs is celebrated at Glocester. The " Te DeumLaudamus" was that of Handel, composed for tne v victory of Dettingen-a noble composition, but so familiar (not, to lay hackneyed), that to comment upon its merits would be superfluous. This antliem was on the whole extremely well performed by the choi-ss and orchesira under Mr. Amott's direction, and by tfe singers to wrhom the solos were intrused-Mrs. Clare HEpworth (soprano),. Mrs. Iockey (contralto), Mr. Lockey (tenor), r. Weiss principal, ana 3r.' Thomas second, bass. It was refreshing to listen once mora to the rich and gloving contralto tones of lcliey, so admiably sid to give the proper effect to music in a church. The public appearances of this clever artist have of late been unduly rare. Of Irs. Claur Hepworth, a debutante-who took-part in the quartet, ' The glorious company of the apostles"we shall have to say a word or two further on. |Mr. Weiss gave the impressive bass solo, " Vouchsafe, 0 Lord," with deep religious sentiment; ana Mr. iock-ey exhibited in whatever he had to do the devotional feeling [wwhich alwnvs distinguishes his performances of cathedril music. The "Jubilate" was set to a chant. Something of higherpretensions wouldhavebeen more in keeping; but, on the other hand, it would, perhaps, have extended the musical part of, the service to too great a length. The anthem which followed the semon rwas again lIanders"The ling shall rejoice" (solos by MesdamesHepwoxlthand lockey, Messrs. Lockey andWeiss), anotherfineworl, vhich by itb constant zaproduction, anniversary after anniversary, would appear toindicate that nothingelse was to be fcaund -a period of three years being, -we suppose, insufficient for the composition and preparation of any new work for the united choirs. Omrs must, indeed, be bArren times, so far as church music is concerned. The precs and Responses of Tallis are, so to speak, rooted in the soiL, and aestined, in all likelihood, to endure as long as the cathedrals themselves. There was one novelty, however, and. that an anthem by Mendelssohn-"Hear my Prayer"-set to a p3raphrase of the 55th Psal. (" Give ear to my prayer, 0 God"), from the pei of Mr. Bartholomew. This beautiful piece deserves to rank high among the many admirable things bequeathed by its oomposer to the Protestant Church. Soine of our readers may remember it during the series of concerts which Jenny Lind gave a, Exeter-hall this year; in which case they will hardly have forgotten with 'what fervour and energy the solo parts were' executed by that gifted and accomplished singer. The psalm -was originally written for a aqprano (principal), with chorns, and accompaniment for the organ; but Mendelssohn subsequently scored the accompaniments for the orchestra; andin thisvastly improved shape it was performed to-day. The arduous solos devolved upon 2rs. -Hepworth ,the young debutantc to whom allusion has beern made-as4kughtcr, we believe, of Mr. Amott, organist of Glocester CathedraL In spite of a little very natural timidity (the absence of which, on such an occasion, would. havebeen arnatterforregretratherthanforcongratulation), Mrs Hepworth acquitted herself most ably, and justified all that had been previoruly advanced in her praise by the musical amateurs of her native town. She possesses a pure soprano voice of remarkably sweet quality, -which has probably more real power than ws developed in this her first attempt before a large public. Mrs. Hepworth sang her first solo, " Hear my prayer," -with a simplcity of style that was eminently prepossessing; and in the more impassioned movement with which the anthem terminates -*-Oh, for the wingg of a dove: V-displayed genuine fedling, without an atom of exaggeration or false sentiment. The impression sbe produced was unanimously favourable. The instramental accompaniments-withwhichBIendelssoln evidently took great pains, and which are in his most picturesque and ingenious manner-were excelently played y the bind; but the intonation of the chorus wss not inv - riably unexceptionable; witness the second verse, "The enemy shoutetih, the godless come fast," where, on the Ipasage beginning "Perplex'd and bewilder'd," the eords Ithey had to sig in some measure described their own condition. Other parts, however, went uuach better and the fine cornbration for chorus, instruments, organ, and solo voice, near the concluson, lost little or nothing in tne execution. This sathem was agrateful relef to the musica service, dR merits the attention of Me Goes and Turle, the respectve orgeaists at St. Paul's Cathedral and Westminster Abbey, to wPhom ee recommrend it for c WnsiderationiS antcipation of cernh annual celebrations unnecessary to specify. Of the general efficiency of the choruses we shall have a fbirer opportundty of judging to-morrow, when the first oratorio (oetja7) is to be performedin the church. The prayers were intoned by the ltev. L Clarke, the Iessons read by the Rev. C. Crawvley and the Rtev. B:. }L iustomh e, mmior canons of the cathedraL A more thin ordinay degree of interest was att ched to thf sermon on inbegalf of the charity, since it was tbe first eaer preached b the new Bihop -of* Glooester hn this diocese. The text selected by the rev, father inbGod wa froam S.uel--Boove -sL, chap. ii.,verse 7.-"Tlne Ltdmaceth poor, and mas et xch; He bringeth low an lifteth rp." Th e exemplification ws eloquent and to the patpoe,xevealing more appropriaow truths in fewer words than is oftenfound to be the cas tith discourses of the sort. It as deliered in a loud and.. clear oice, and made a sensible impression on the COngregtiOn, who, -as the sequel showed, were any. thing but nsensible to its more directly persuasie rhetoic. fo le6s than 161n Ss. 4d. 7res collectd at the doors afp e selrvice-the largest amount by a considerable s um ever obeained on the first day of the fe3tival. Thisisagreat step for-the charity, since ;twdI be likely to act as an examcnno-nd exanple is beter thay precep. Theos ealthy, persons about tiaed the orutorio perfornces |(the dispoal of ticsl ets for hich has been unprecedented), seein what has been6given iu their absence, will contribute more Ut ey miht' othewise Lave 'done-from a -feeling of - pre o lee tha: of duty. Their .beuevolenceas we have alredy initd IbuSt cannot too often reiterat-wll he administere in avwourofpereona 'who hav^e an heolute clai upon all the reugiousily disposed, ansiwose position, in c-se of it,, 'becomJes 'worse than that of any others since, as wa atl remarke d by one of theineetstalouaof*,he stewards, the "¢cannot dig," and " to be" the- are asaed. Tht numberprtesent to-day werethus datribtSted: A Jisles (atls.) ..800 lieserved sets $t31.6d.) .. A -0 Gallery (at 5;, tid.)... ,. 400 W - -z000 - For the ensuing -mornng -perforalces the prioes are mmuh hige-o the isles lrobabl too Ihih; but that, aftk is a matter of opinmon. ahe rrid aeste, in nave and en am -at 12 6a. fteithe galbe r at i- OIL 6d., lwely all tbe sremrd plu hae bdien -i-& he pries of a&mision -to tha evening vcearkL In i-g Shim,a&U-tie' iint -of -which eiken to*meW-tpomes lo interest for the goeal reader, -blrin nothing to do -with the charity, no oodllevibna being made, exoest' in the eahedraL. Amon the cogegation this morning were 2wiaked a coosiderable number of the - aer, wrho: am ed z In honur of th newr bishop, to: wrhceawm-thLe al *c, thnusa ti ahedfanh of e a ng t merck for the _d aeooFumw 2b -f the vW,s univ-me approvaL' Th maUeR _ _:UieO sete a , , a n vas,ou , , _ lc ivAt4" of O'di id eo~fndea hmd the 9e' Ain preveeung A i ef *hie thig ad- ,asmw .mcom o E.,,.,A ,f ... ...
FO1IEIW INTELLIGEKC1B.A F - A .NI (inow ovu oWN C- MMN Z ): [A poedroft!2e fouawon a ppmvrd iaour aEcn.dodtlon - Z M> aUZDL;r, VZ.X. No one ia forgotten the biter enmity repeatedly testified by Gen.eral O'Donnell against the es-Queen Mh Chrisina. 33:e mad' :no secret of it ; he seemed rather nroud of proldaiun it-; he lenounned her .intri"nes, her cupidity, er dis^ graceful tranSactionS; he declared in'the Cortes that with her in Sp2 i a government was. impible. 3!Now, the following informatiow reaches mnia from a quarter on wrhich I have full relimice, and of its authenticity I have not a, doubt. * flcnnell, who, it is well kn;own has not generally taken the iniiative in the measures brought forward * y the present, Government-that having been uallyleft to Rios' Roas-has departed from his custom ancd has himself brought forward in the Councia of Mnisters a project of decree to restore to Queen Christn all her, property in Spain upon Which sequestration was laid after the revolution of 38514 Inthis project the measure is declared ravoIntionary and unjustifiable, and all that was dona against her at that time is designated as iniquitous. The proiect was agreed to unanimously, the selfetly6dProgresistas in the Cabinet, including Senor Collado, who encoursged andb aided with his purse the revolution of 1854, finding nothing to say agrainst it. The rough cony of the preamuble, draw-n up by RCica Roams, has been eent toChristina for approval, and when the opportune moment arrives the decree will be published. O'Donnel's motive in bringing forward this measure has been to gain favour with the Queen, but it is all in vain. She wil never forgive or forget the militarypronunciamieno of the 28th of June, and the month of asupense, terror, humiliation, and anguih that ensued. O'Donnell is her Minister only till she can conveniently get rid of and satisfactorilv replace him. B whom lhe is to be reDlaced is stg uncertaiu. bu it is thougNht that Narvimez is not likely to be his imnmediae successor. A ist of transitiol is anticipated. In fact, and if the Queen couli d6 exactly as she liked, she would rather not have lNarvaez. re is too violent, too absolute, too much her master, and she wouald prefer a more subservient Premier. a Cabinetwhich, like that of Lersutdi or Sartorius, ~would be supple aud obedient to her in all things, and would attend the levee of the favourite of the day and take his orders. To match such a blinistry, she would like to have subservient Cortes, if Cortes there must ba-Chambers which, after to-day giving a vote of confidence to the Government, would be equally ready, if to-night elan thought proper to dismiss her advisers, to renewt the vote to-morrow in favour of their successors. Such Cortes as these have been seen, and May be again, but at present, better still, there are none to embarrass Her MIajesty, and Camarillas and Court intrigues have full scope for action. It is thought not imnpossible that a MIinistry composed of :Rcs de Olano, Alexander de Caitro, Nocedal, and others of that ulltma-Moderado cliqule, may succeed 'the O'Donnell Goverment, and, i' so, that Cabinet would be short-lived and wouId serve sea steppngstone for the advent either of Narvaez or of Pezuela. General Concha is also a candidate, under very reactionary colours; but it is said the Queen is not favourable to him. What becomes daily more certain is that the present M'inistry cannot last very long. Two of its members, Messrs. Cantero and Bayarri, are likely Eoon to leave it, owing to dissensions with their colleagues mrspecting the law of disamortization. They insist upon carrying it through, and indeed, as Ninister of Finance, Senor Cantero can hardly adopt any other course. The increasing material prosperity of Spain is based entirely upon the sale of the national property, the proceeds of which are the guarantee for thoe subvention granted to the undertakers of railways and other public work It would be an act of injustice and bad faith to alter the destination of tiht property. To such alteration, however, the majority of the present Ministers are said to incline, and hence the probable resignation of the two who oppose it. if Pezuela or Concha came to power there can be scarcely a doubt that the law would be immediately repealed. As everything is possible in Spain, perhaps Messrs. Cantero and Bayarri may yield to the fwishes of their *colleagues. WVe cannot wronder at anything when vre have seen men wrho profess themuselves L iberals, like Collado, Alvarez, and Esyarri, signing such decrees as tho-se for the dissolution of the National Guard and Cortes, and others that have been published with their names at the foot. Of Cantero I say nothing, for he wvas never considered a Liberal except in name. hlarshiel Serrano arrived at Paris on Friday for a few hours' stay, and applied for an interview for Saturday with AL. Walevki. Tne reply was that he could. not be received luntil to-day. Thereupon he returned to Biarrit3 on Saturday. It vas supposed that the French Minister for Foreign Affairs wmas absent, but this is contradicted by to-day's papers. Thne exact object of the Marshalaa visit to Paris is not known, but it is believed that it was not exclusively to see Count Walewsai -Hp wil probably now remain at Bayonne until the return Af the Emperor. The date of this is not ex:actly fixed. Preparations are ordered to be inade at Compiagne and Fontaineblean for hunting in the mon'ths of October and November, and it is s3aiilhat carrcmsels will also be held. 21. Fould is expected here on the 15th inst. Meass. De Per- igny and 31ayneval are about to return to their respective posts. a From Switzerland we have a few further details of the insurecion, but nothing of much interest or importance. Colonel de Meuron and MM. de MIontmollin and de Gelliac, who escaped by water from NieuchitLel, have been captured in the canton of Friburg. The last-named is a Swiss officer in the Prussman Guard&s Two clergymen have been arrested as connected with the plot. It is supposed that the chiefs will be condemned to a term of imprionment, and topay the damnage and expenses they have occasioned. Their plan is. not known. They are said to have urged their mern. to hxold out for 48 hours, and that that would suffice. As they cau hardly have expected anymaterial succourbefore the expiration of that short time, it is conjectured that they anticipated some kdnd of moral support and. countenance fromPmussia. Prince Napoleon reached Stockholm on the 8th inst., on his return from his northern expedition, which is abandoned for this year. It appears that on the 24th ilt. he reached Bergen, after a stormy passage from, the Shetlands. A brilliant reception was given him. On the 26th he started for Hammerfest, but ba.d weather compelled himn to put back, and, after consulting with experienced seamen of the country, it was decided that the season wvas too far advanced to prosecute the voyage, and he *resolved to retur to Frace. The following private telegraphic despat-hes have been received -r. 7 : "MAl1RILMTSS, SuT. 7. 1 "V'We haivereceived Constantinople accounts to the 28th: -nit. Tae Saltan had reviewaed the Egypan troops. Kepresai p vha had arrived at Odeass. Sachura Kaleh and Rodout Kaea had boen restored to tho RusEians. "E=onm of Mlaistial mediccations were creta Cris±3atinope,psrticularlyoftheremoval of the Seraakier.', "SEPT. 7, EvmiMG. "I'L de Tiosuvenel, French AmbasBador at ConstantiJ. naple, had given a banquet to 3I.deBoctenieff, R ian -Ambau>dor, at which all the members of the Turkisl Minishy7 were present." sa'x:r. 8. "Letters from Constantinopla ot tho st inst announc&~ the arrival in that-capital of the BRsia Generals Dainese and Kiril-offi members of thoBeerabian Boundary Com-: mission. Messrs. Kollr and Beuzi had also arrived, and lL,Brsily and Sir 1enry Bauler were shortly expected. 'Xho Smyrna andAiddin tailway bhs been conceded to Mr. Wilkins, the repesntative of an Englsh company, which also clIM the concession of the Adrianoplo Railway. "Tha French (0oaalretnmed, on the 7th, to Erzeroun, where be t-sm receired -with gret honoar. 'TheRaussian Consa was to.e-moe his functions on the16ti:" "BERLIN, SRr. 6. " q. Stjeeld, the Swedish liniser of Foreign Affairs, ks5 tendered his resignatiol. HE hst made known his de - teri,n::Eca to do so a-thealaztr end of last month." There is no change in the commercia stato of Paris. The shopkeepers are laying in their stocks for the winter, and anticipate no serious revival of busiuras before th.e commencement of October. A nuber of provi~-al man fbrGIgC4, a mSI-' agants have a¢ived inF rars, but hithidrt6they- havea pur'chased very little. Theo same sate of stagnation s obserwsd in the indusial districts, particularly Iat Rou,a and Wilhouse. Raw -materials maintain thAer price3. The demnd for wool is great, but the article has become scarce, farmer; having all iosed of their stock-on. advanageous t0rms Siks continue to exhibit an upward tendedocy, both in France and in th6 Italiani arkets - -The diRciilties attendiag the liquidation of August produced a temporary risedui the price of f tour. ol -the- Pas halle. .Owing: to the scarcity .of :th 0 atile, the best sortgs stil founa buyers at .941. andi 9M. SOc. per sack of 157-Idlogrammes. -Contracts for futire delivery, however, were effected at much lower rate3. Wheat has lost lf. S0c. per hecolitre and a half since last week, and in the provincial nmkets the fall is nearly. generaL They - are abunAlstlv supplied, and the Imnense asrivals at Marseilles' are little balculated to encouragi the holders. That port received during the srr"first days of September no less tban 500,000 hectolitres of forein grain. Prices, nevertheless, kep; up, owing to the constant demand from the different parts of the south and south.east, where the ,crops either failed or were destroyed by the inundations. Cattlerates maintain themselves and even show a tendency to increase in the marklets from- which Paris draws its supply. Ati Bercy the price of wine is very firm, notwithstanding the large quaulaties i of white and red wines received there of lte from' Bordeaux. No correCt appreciation of the vinitage can yet be formed. The vines in the Bordelais leave much to be desired. In some! districts the erop will be most abundant, whvile in others there [is littile to expect. On the whole, however, the producea will exceed that of 18o55, and the qualit-y of the wine will be excellent. Montpellier braiidy has fallen to 19ef. per hectolitre, and spirits extr3 cted from beet to 1S1f.- The Three per Cents. elosed to-day at 70f. 75c. for tShe end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cent>. at 91f. 7Sc. ex div.; and the New Loan at 70f. 80c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,325f. ; Great Northern, 97f. 50c.; Strasburg, 912f. 50c.; New Shares, S25f.; Paris and Lyon, 1,325f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,770f.; Western of Fnce, 923f. 75c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 72Sf.; Great 06ntralof France, 672f. 50c. ; Lyons and Geneva, 77S.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,650.: Austrian Railways, 872f. c. . Cbnzra Aidhmutique.-PA=u, Sept. PrCmLFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 yebrs), 91f. S0c. 75c. ; Four per Cents, 0.; Thr Cents., 70L 5Oc. 60c. 65c. 60c. 70z.; ditto ioan of 185a (75 per (ent. paid), 70f. 50c.; dittf Certiicates 175 per cent. paid), 70f. 5Oe.; Bank Actions, 4,P251. Credit Fonder, 652t , 60c.; ditto Obligations of 50f., Four Per Cents., 440f. ditto Three por Cents., 400f. ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 92f. 50c. 90f.; ditto Tree nor Cent, 8O.; Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,645f. 1,650!.; Disconnt Bank, 69Sf.; Piedmonites lrinV Cents., 92!.; Austrian Five per Cents., 83; Belgian £ur.nand.a.HeLf per Centa., 991; Rente de lhTaplea (Roth. sehild's), 113; Bomans, 88 1; ~nShDaferrdConverted, 25'; dietto nt'ir Debt, 4(f. g. hidinge on London, ai sight, money, 2Sf. 213c.; three months, money, 2Sf. THE BIEDITERRANEAN. (Foz OUR OWN COnnReSMoXDnT.) - IA SETTI'ES; SmEr. 7. The English steamer Caradoc, Captain Clavering, arrived this morning from AIalta, whence she sailed on the 4th inst. She brought the Constantinople mails of the 28th uit., which the French mail steam packet Thabor was unable to carry further than Malta, where she vemains to repair her machinery. A letter dated Athena, the 29th mlt., received by the Caradoc, states that a serious ditference:had arisen between the Comrmander-in-Chief of- the French army of occupation and the Greek Government. MKajor Melingos, Governor of the Pirmus, who had received the decoration of the Legion of fonour for his attention on every occasion to the French troops, had for that reason been removed from his command by the Queen, and replaced by Major Anghelopoulos. The French Admiral, Bouet de Willaumez, oln hearing of this aDpointment, an. nounced that he would not acknow^ledge him. He added that the power of the Greek Government did not extend to the Pirmeus, where the French flar is flying, and that the 'late authorities were tolerated solely through respect for General Kalergi, the late Minister of War, who had appointed them. HIe next proclaimedby sound of trumpet that the commuandof the Pirmuls was exclusively French, and he confided it to Major Reboul, of the Marines. The small Greek garrison was immediately sent back to Athens, and the French Admiral signified to Mlajor Anghelopoulos that he tolerated his presence at the Pirmus solely because lie was decorated vith the Legion of Honour, otherwise le would have sent him awayin. custody of a detachment of gendarmes. The Queen having been apprised of what had occurred, Barons Goltz and Feder, the representatives of Prussia and Bavaria, were summoned to the Palace, and a protest was drawn up against the proceedings of teFrench Admiral. Mfr. yse, the British Minister, on the other hand, a p proved all that had been done, and instructed the commander of the Britih troops at the Pirmus to support the French Admiral until further instractions should be recoived from their respective Governments. So the matter rests. RUSSIA. (FRnOM OUI OWN coRRsaEosnr-.) BERLIN, Smi. -7. News from St. Petersburg, whether public or-private, has been very scarce for the last week or 10 days; this more northern and more modern capital seems for the time present to have lost all interest, and the centre of attraction to be removed to Moscow. To relate regularly and circumstantially, I must commence by nentioning that the Imperial family left St. Petersburg on the 26th ult., and arrived the same day at the Chitake station, the last station on the Petersburg Railroad to. the north of Moscow. Thence they proceeded in carriages to the. Petrovaki Palace, which is 12 versts from Chimke and four versts from MoscOw. The whole line of road from Chimnke to the Petrovski Palace was brilliantly illuminated, as it was known that the Imperial party must arrive after dark; and. about 5,000 private carriages were drawn up in front of and round about the palace, for the purpose of their occupants receiving the Emperor and3Empress with a hearty hurrah. The morning of the 29th, the day on which the solemn entryinto Moscow took place, was rainy, but the weather cleared u towards noon, so that the aun shone out in the fu brightness so essential to the development of the splendoura that had been prepared. The procession was set in motion at S o'clock n.m. UJnfortunately for those d.istant readers who can derive their ideas of the processLon only from the descriDtion of those that were present, the wiiters of the various letters- that T have seen (from German sonrces alone), eitber from laziness or weak nerves, all state their emotions of -wonder and delight to have-been so excessive as to deprive them of all power of description. I only learn, in addition to what we have all read in the of Fcial programme, that there were 40 gilt carriages, such housings and caparisons as had never before been seen, horses of the preest blood and noblest race, guards of the 61te, Court officers in full puff, &c. "From the splendour of all this one was, as it were, perfectly dazled." "M my pen comes-to a stand-still involuntarily as the scene passes again before my memory !" Such are the reports of GermanL correspondents. As coming from. a Prussian source, thePreussiscke Correspoi*Yz, it will not be surpriing, that the most prominent announcement of its description of the solemn entry into -t scow is, that Prince Friedrich WVilhelniwas on tne Emperor's right hand dluring the whole passage-from the Petrovlki Palae to the Kremlin; it is .also mentioned that the health. of the EmpressaM other was so satisfactory that she was able to take her part in the ceremony without exhaustion. The decorations of the houses along the line vwhich the procesion took from the Palace to the town are described as lavish in the extreme; one, more particularly, belonging to a citi3en namedc Gourieff, is- spokeni of as havming cost 1.00,000 roubles for the shawls, carpets, and rich stuffs with which it was hung. The places on the scaffolding erected along this line at every spot where a viewrwas possible have . been let at apparently not very high prices-from 1 to lOr.s. the prices for the wvindows and the balconies' on the other hand, seem to have had little bound, what with cuapidity on one side and. curiosity on the other. The -eats round the different cathedral have been prected ty the clergy as aprivate apeculationrof their own, and let for 50 to 100 r. a. per seat. In fulfilment of one portion of the programne of the entry the Emperor dismounted from bis horse nattheWosskrniseaskaijaWartta, a. Gateof thePResr, rectfon, foi the purpom of performing his devotions. there to tlie- Iverski bIother of G6& -This gate i so situated, laiding, from the China-townon to the Ried Place on Iie way to- tie KreMin,-hat almoe, eve:lbody mute pam' through it on every 'ecasran of having any errand fi the town; its form. is That of a, . (double- gateway, -with the two gateways sotarated from - eaca ot-her by a short column, -.nd surmounted. by two Mpoited towers or *teepleL _Thix mnuch frequented passage, where the traffic of Mowcow throbx and pulsates unintermittinly, the Czar Alexiii Michailowitch select ted: as the tteit spot forthe.erection of a shrina for the picture ofthe Motherof GodfromMount-Atho3. Tradition states this picture 'o have been;handed down from Tamra, Queen of the Grusians, who,.ia former ages, converted the-inhabitants of the Cancasus to Christianity. From length of years, and perhaps also from the smoke of the 1S silver lamps That are kept barning before it from sunrise to sunset,- this picture is now well nigh black; but the fice and hands bf thelVirgus 3Mother, as well as those of the Infant Jesus, being left bare and not covered with precious stoaes or metals, are still distinguishable. This circumstance enables the orthodox Russian to trace the wound that a Circassian dagger once inflicted on'the right cheek. of the Mother of God, and whence drops of blood have trickled, at some time or other, it is said. No good Russian, Iiigh or low, old or young, rich or poor, passes through this Gate of the Resurrection without performing his devotions to this wonder-working picture, which stands in a niche sunk in the pillar which separates the two gateways, and which iS approached by a -few steps. The most elegant equipages, and the poorest droschkas stop as they approeaeh this gate, for all passers through, either dismount, or, at least,' crothemselves; nobles and peasant;s, beggars, ladies,- and soldiers, aU StOp, the devout step up to the picture, fall on their knees, kiss the ground, and pray; on rising the worshipper kissthe hand of the Virgin and the foot of - the Infant. Great folks, when their relationm are ill, come there in the night time and hwa3 the little chapel opened by the monks on purpoe for them to put up their prayers for the recovery of their suffering friends; and sometime the- miraculous picture is carried to the bedside of the sick for a consideration; - but as, on such occasions, the chapel still contains an equally wonder-working pictu-r (so that the monks may lose no custom by its absence on a4y clinical excursion), it is difficalt to know' which is the real, genuine picturethe one that goes out visiting, or the one that receives visits at home. Before this miraculous picture of the Iveraki Mother of God did the 15mperor, iim compliance with usage aiid the programme; dism-ount from his horse and perform his devotions, which being ended he -handed the Empress andthe EmDress-Mother from their carriages, 'who thereupon performed theirg. Spe,' cial ticlkets were issued for admission to the 3ieighbourhoodof this spot, and, according to one account I have seen, about 15,000 persons were eyewitnesses on this occasion of the Imperial devotions, and no single eye remained dry among them. . TheSpaskoi Warota-the Saviour'sjGate-through w3h the Emperor rode into the Kremlin on this occasion of his solemn entry, is surmounted by another veryrmiraculous picture; but of the Saviour, the chief virtue ana efficacy of which appear to consist in a preternatural power of passive resistance. The French wanted in 1812 to force this picture out' of its frame, which they took to be gold, but every ladder which they plantod against the headway of the gate broke in two as fast as it was planted. The -Russians shouted for joy at the discomfiture of the foe, who in his rage sent for a cannon and aimed it at the picture; on this the rain began suddenly to fall, and the powder was damped in the touchhole; the French gunner, however, had a glowing coal fetched, and laid it on the priming, when, lo! the charge: explcded, burst the canon, blew the gunner and -numbers of his comrades toL pieces, but the ball passed by the picture, leaving fit quite unhurt. This -picture appearsto havegained, its expertness in miracles by long practice in the time of the wars with the Tartat, and richly to have earned the respect which impels the Russians still to callthegate over which it is fasened the "Holy Gate," andtowalk througha it bareheaded. The different ceremonies, solemnities, and festivities that will follow the solemn entry which took place on the 29th of August will be as Iollows - On the 30th tne Banner of the Empire is to be. inaugurated; on the 1st of September all the troops: areto be reviewed on the Hodin Field; on the 4th of September the coronation is to be nroclaimed; 6n the 7th the coronation itself takes place; on the 8th there is to be cour,de gratuZation in the morning, and in the evening a- ball. -Frf several of the fol-! lowing days there are banquets of various kinds fixed. On the 19th the ImDerial insignia andCrown jewels are to be conveyed back to the Jewel Chamber; on the 20th the birthday of -theGrand Duke, the heir to the throne, will be kept; and on' the 21st that bf the Grand Duke Constantine. on the 24th there is to be a popular festival, and on- the 26th - a masquerade at the Palace, and the whole will be closed by fireworks on the 30th of September. These fireworks will be let off in front of the house of the Cadet Corps at one end of Moscow. The fireworks are- to cost 100,000r.s., andthe illuminations are stated'to cause an ex.enditure of 150,000r. s. The-entire Kremlin is sirrounded with scaffolding, which -,ves the high towers, more particularly the Ivan Velild and the church Wassili Blashenny, a peculiarly airyf and almost spectral appearance. Now that the timne of the ceremony approaches so closely,' it appear that the various landlords and lodginghouse-keepers of Moscow are finding it expe-: dient to moderate their demands somewhat; they. have already come dovwn to about one-third of their former- charges, and, as in the parts of the town at a- distance fromn 'the Kremlin thereis no lack' of' private lodgings, they, will probably be still more moderate soon. The price of provisions would not appear to have been mnuch affected, -or else it-must have been most excessively: low beforehand,i for the price of the best-beef, asl regulated- by the official list of prices, is only fromfive to six copecs per lb., and a man may get a very good dinner -at RussiaJn eating-houses for 7a copees,i about 2s. Gd. Such a dinner, of course, consists only cf Russian' national dishes, and is calcuLated' only for Russian- tastes. The favourite dishes appearxto be stargeon-soup patties or pies mnade of salt fish, buckwheat, pearl barley, and onions, soup with fish and vegetables in it, or vegetables served! -up with fish-soup, &c. The scale of prices is natiirally enough very diiierent in the central parts of' the town-thosoe near the Kremlin. - Landlords of; the hotels in the Twerikaja are reported to have put up to auction any apartment that became vacant,and-to have found no lack of competition among the! visitors -waiting for accommodation. The Russial Government is understood to be! about to appoint a consul to reside in Cologne,' where hitherto there has been- no representative of Russian commercial interests; it is opposed to the: professed principles of the Prussian Government to .admit consuls to reside in fortres towns, but, as' both Great Britain and the United States have suc-: ceeded of late years in obtaining an ezequattr for consuls to represent them, it is not likely thAti Russia will be refused the same privilege when she applies for- it; and a hisbly respectable manufacturer of Cologne is alreay spoken of as the consul elect. - The Borsen Zeifung of ithis.place has received information' from- St. Petersburg that the agent of the Parisian Cridit MobiHier, -w-ho'h been for' sdme time past stayinitg im that capitil, haa *uccoeeded-, in obtaininc for tli Oversea Navigation Company, -founded by that inatitution, a monopoly for the export aof furs and- skins from Russia. - The nUewsj has not'as yet been donfirmned by any authority that' has come intomy'hands, and- is at the same-mtime precisely-of thbtnature that very much stands in! need-of confirmation. - ' ' - A joint-stock company has just been formea m' Moscow, for the most of Russian men lof letters, for, the publication of the earlier productious, of Slavonian, and more particullarly of -Russians literature. - A capital of 200,000 r. s. -haa a -been set aide for the erection of a priting blisuhment and - appurtenanes, ard the techn,sv management of the undertaking isto be confided to, a German who has lied many years in Moscow 'and I-KasanI but who is now here for the purpose of making himself -acquainted with the last improve-i -ments in -typography and of obtainimg c,o' positod for the establishment. , - o s a - -- ..TURKEY. (naou Om owNm oRRIPaORDs0-N.) , ONSTANllSOPLE, AuG. 28.O 1 Karsmaas been evacuated by the Russiaus. - The Turks took:posaession - on the 6th i'nat. - Three bE the English officers attached to the Britih commiss;y with tho,Turkish' army in Asia, Mijor Stuart, Major Fiarser,-and 1~ir.En; w3 r'lere present .at tEa surrender, not in their- offiaiid cap=city, but a spectators. These gentlemen went to -Kni befoe |lft in Pasha anda his foois and ,wer6-reoeiyed in - their ch eo'isitorosw*thrsthegre eat attntiou.l Colonel Bulet6ff.;the civil commander of the'tcqwft cesdedd:,lber his quatre,rts, ni'lxe and hiscoo'ei CDlonel Melekoff, anArmenian thae militr oornniander of the town, vied with each other in civility, aud -fforded them very opportunity of aisfying theiricuriosity on eiery.poiut. Their stay there was celebrated by festivals; with streams of champague and numberlesastoasts, aimong. them that of G;eneral William, With a salute from the guus of the citadel. As 'in he Crimea, the Russian officers seem to -have been very, communicative on past.' ovents, especiiilIy,about he, main subject of interest, their unsuccessful attack - on Kar They say that tfouxra'iefl was entirely "against, an attack, and -'opposed '.it 'to" the. last moment, in spite of the. urgent entreaties of several of his officers. But' the- troops were so dissatisfied at this seem-' u,Ingwant-of confidence of their leader in' them, that he wa. in the e Qd obliged to yield, against his own batter conviction, and orlered the -ttack. According to the accounts- given by the Russian officers the. ting was decided one evening at dinner and exe-. cuted, which- seems rather. a contradiction to the fact that. several days before the attack took place the Russian heavy ;baggage was' seen going back towards Gumri, an unmistakeable evidence that they must have contemplated the attacL for some time before they exectuted it. Neither the, failure of the attack nor the heavy lossessustained seem-tohave, even foran-instant, oc'casioned the idea of a retreat, and General Mouraiief, when asked in the evening after the defeat what his orders were, ia said to have replied; Draw 'm your posts and double the patrols." When Ears was evacuated theRussians had 5,000 men on the territory, under the coranandof General Kruhloff. Only a very small part of these troops fored the garrison" of the townx-the main body was encamped between Kara and Erzerouna, at the foot'of theSoghsnli rango. WhentheTurksunder Russern Pasha came to take possession of the town this force retired to the othter side of Krs, and encamped about four miles on the road to Gumri. -There they still were wshen the i~n,,lish officers leit~, so that what 'we know hitherto powitively isonly the evacuation of the town, not of the terrzitory of Kars. -t The town was given over -with the usual ceremonies. The account whic'h 1 gave you in my last about the destruction of a part of the citadel walls proves to be correct. The destruction is, however; only partial, orders having been received to istop it. It was lilkewims by orders from St. Petersburg that the vrork of destruction -was commenced. . The accounts of- the state of the country are very sad. . Not a Tuirkish house is standing on the whole territory which had been occupied by the Russians. Most of the vussulman irhabitgats Red voluntarily at the approach of the Ruessians and their houses were pulled down and burnt for firewoon and the few crops that had -been sown eaten up by e ossack horses. as soon as the RUssianS began to retireithe Turks graually came back to0their desolate homes; but it- ts difficult to see how they will be able to pass the seven or eight winter monthso and to wait for theonext cr tout assistaice of some kunt d. The Armenian villoges have. remaine unmolested during the Russian occupation. A number of families petitioned the R russian commanders to be allowed to exupatriate themselves and to retire into russia after the withdrawal of the ARuseian forces, but they were told to remain, as they are thought muck more useful in the enemy's country, ahere they had rendered considerable serices during therlate war. tRussA knen very well what she s doing when she gave back so generously the provinces she had conquered from Persa, Leeping only the district about Ararat, with theseat of the AreniarnoPatriarch tho-ough whom Ie has the whole large Armelian population both ii Persia and Turkey at her disposaL , What has not beeni permitted to the Armenians has been allowed to the Kuords, and the latter are begonning-to virate into Russia, where they are allowed*. to live under their. own beloved black tents, which they are not allowed to do in l'urkey. It.is more than probable that when the Turkish ~Goveruent- tries to enforce its late orders, ac-cording to which the nomade KEurds are to settle dowvn in villages, those migrations waill increase; and the RVssians will thus acquire, through the folly of their antagonists, a most efficient means of annoying the Turks, as these Kurds wil be always readytomakepredatory incursions into their former country.. Although, the newly-issued orders have not yet reached them, they seem to suspect some~ thing, fu r rprn or resistance. .You know alveaA that an E xtraordinary Anbas. sador -wlli be .tent from Persia to France. B3esides his mission to Paris,-this Ambassador is inEasLedYwith -the final settlement of the AngloPersian' dispute, still p-ending. - To this buismnes -is. added another regarding the Turkish Government, ivhich the Ambassador is to arrange on-his passage 6thro'cgh Constantinople. Not less than 230 different claims and grievances have been collected by the Persian Government, and are now all brought inn heap before thePorte. One may well them in this valuable collection, but it would be. difficult to understand what they -wish to obtain by them, did they Mt with great in' genuity explainAthis themselves. They declare themselyes' ready to cancel all these claims and to forget - all their lheavy grievances, if the Turldsh Government will only give them Khutur,one 6f the few moumtain passes which remain to the Ottomian Epire on3 'the frontier, and lwhichh the Persianswould indm very convenient to niake their rown frontier line complete.. As it! was mainly due to the mistakes which successive English' Governments made in their Persian policy that Persia ovwes the extension of her frontier line-at -the expense of Turkey, it is not at all improbable that the Persian Government intends. again, - on The occasion of the renewal of diplomatic relations.with England, to get (through the exertions of the latter) another extension. Although it may be expected that the home Government has by the late.complication witlhPersia been taulght- how ungrateful a task it was to exert itself in favour of such a fickle Power, it will not be ainiss to say something on this question. The old line oi frontier between Turkev and Persia followed entirely the line of the mouitains, which run down from bayazid in a southerly direct-ion tosthe Persian Gulf. The best proofs oi this are--found' in. the country itself, for in many Places nm. the . south, 'Which are now miles for th-e Turkish 'frontier, you still find milestones,- with inscriptions.. designating. them as the frontier line; guard-houses, called up 'to this day Turkish Karaouls; passes -with custom-houses, or at any rate their ruins-all, clearly indicating that the passag,e from the mountains and the gorges were the line-of- the Turkish ter.itory. When the Pashalia of Bagdad was for mnore than 25 yearis ia.'- continual war, and the authority of the Turkish Goverument was scarcely-. recognized in- 'the -central town of the province, the Persians took- advantav&e oI this- unsettled state to move dowin their frontier marks into the pin,where they, remai4e4 in-sspite of all the' diplomiatic exertions 6f thg"Tui1aU Tke inconveniences to Turkey arish , fromthis; change of the frontier are great, for it muistbeiremembered that thefrontier-linebetween' furkey and Perasiaist more than a thousand muiles long,;and it requires a large army to keep-this frontier-line, under the - present tcircurnstances' even 3gain2 Ismiugglerso; while -Tormerly. when Turkey1 had all the passes and-gbrgeg 16iding .6 the maoun-' -'ai ns lherl-ossession,itwaasufficienttokeep a fewl .meAiJnieach' o6f -the pwises. Khutu± in"pessiOn MPersia.vuld.increasethe difficulty of din the frontier, xvhich ought to be taken into account at a mioment w n Persi is so subservient to Russia. -A:dmis<1 Sir. Hous*oni Stewart-arrived on TuesdayX 'afternjoon il the HanniibalI from-Trebizoride., '1. *, tde Bo',ut6nieff -was received-,by .the .Sultan 'on! hIonday last.:' It w as, as usua3. on these 'occasions,sat ' formala,udieno;, in whick botfi sides declhred th'eir satisfaction- at diplomatic relations being re-bstablished. beUvec thisi,ountries. - - ~~~ITALY. ;' io n oa owx oanJs.QNPzNs.) t . . - : T -.-TURIN; SlumT o. .. I nuntioved the otherdaythe 'onesUiisrec,ntI mrade -by the Pope with'regird to reving news papers Lin this oiountryi: It appears that -nodificai tions have-also' been inade with- 'regard to the- confessional, &.-c., £.lhieh-<were:rendered necessary by the'anomalous-positioii of many Governme servansts'here on account of.'theaw for the tuipresu sonof' ceitaixn fconvents anA-for'administering th chiurh revenues. - It was found that they corldno -fservie'tw.o!. mase-[ider - exia+iny.' rxeg rluatin and w.'could-bt le'the onethat pad theyir ico ti .word;;tso h. J hirchi -f-Roe -' aing prop'o (4Qvwernnient^.thelieoiustib7 wtbhout oosnmciwriawg thi'eir 'sPiritualI:prospctsi. ,The foUwigdeuneu -ion th suhsect-ere'prtblished first:.by: aptvncs have gnc* been repeated&by the clerical journals of the metrop*l*, o,. that-there-. ba no doubt of their authencity:- Quxacores PUT sy :T:. .MPISCOPACFoy TEX SADRfMNA Sr&TEs TO -TIM SIORM PX TEZERTA A, sD 11S IMPLIMB.. -"Question L-L -the pers-,s -who hae in ay' 'wy co operated,: or -even: abinply: approred the law, oE the 2;tl of ar. 1855, uppreaing rAligious communitiefs-ay be admitted as xgodfathelr at the sucralments of baptism. .and confirmtion! I . i , ; -_ . - "Arswer-The Sacred Penitenzieris, having turel considered- the suggested doubts,- r epliesthat = coanseqenoe oEf the ' stravagates' ad vrikdnd: of Martin V. on ,the administrotion and receiving of bthe scments- or -other- act,- 'whether divine or not, tihe faitaful nareot :obliged to avoid a person under.prte-xtofanysntence 'or wceisumre b 3wu- or. a6 homninc promnugatedinj general -.terns. if such censure or sentence is ,not published. or. speciallydenouncedand expressed against agiven person, !PeXculzzlyif scafdal or evil be apprehended from it.. As, however, the excommunicated,. upected, interdicte3, orprohilbited by auth an act were not in any way re-estaIr fished by the said ' strvagante,' it is clear that they e3mmit a sin whicli is the rmore grave, as the scandal 'wilL:be greater if, notwithsanding the cesure, they attempt to omlmunicate with te faithful in' thinigs divine.-' | '(uestion2.-lf fe parish priest, or whoever acsfor him, may miLar such persons without proof of their bing liberated fromth cenasure? "Answer.-The parish priest requesed to rsarya person publiclyand notoriously excommunict-ed should firt ean deavour to issade the contractin parties, and to prevent orzsspendthemarriage util the excommunicatedshad bes ronciled to the church. Buit if this solicitude should prove in vain, and serious scandals arise from it, or dage-s ensue, for thopriset or his parish itself, he would be right in performing the marriage of a tolerated public and notorious - excommunicated person. And the bishop is authorized to give permission to thoparish priest to perform the marriage under such circumstacea, provided he takes the proper pre cautions. "uaestion 3-TheSiared. leriteuszieria on the date of September 5, 1855, answered thLt the bishops and parishpriests- 1-ssica se habeant if the danger of pubEc evils and the use of public force should be great aucimminent, if the burial of the aforesaid persons who may not- have made public retractation is not performed. 1o W, it is asked, if the words mentioned refer to the simple interment-that is to ssy, that he may allow the burial in consecrated ground; or ifA in order to avoid the apprehended evils, the parish priest miay allow funeral honours to the deceased with accooxo.niment to the church, with the assistance of the clergy ind coifraternitica, and if the mass maybe chante. "Answer.-The divine and ecclesiastical law and thc approved atthors must be consulted " Question 4.-In some rescripts by xhich the power is granted oE absolving intendants and tax collectors who took prt in the said law aad assisted in its execution, by force, among the conditions that support them is that of repairing the scandal Co Veliori snodo quo Jieri potest. This condition is variously interpreted, audit iskowuth.--t insome placessomeofthe subjects employed, who had not been forced, were admitted to the holy sacraments. It is asked if such an example may be followed for the sole reason that if these Mern,oy6s should make a retraction of any sort in the presence of -witnesses they would run the risk of losing their places, 'whch they could not leave vithout inconvenience and injury to themselves and fanmlies? "Question 5-It is sought also to ]mow if, in the circumnstunces vwhere such emp7oyds incur the inueaiate rs- Of being dismissed from therLboffioes if they should mnake an open retraction,itlvouldhe sufficient that they shonldamake it in the psesenc of the bishop or of the confessor? To avoid further the scandal 'whichmight occurfrom thepeople seeing thea approach the sacraments vithout making a public retraction it is asked if the means of-administering the sacramens to them in private might be adopted 'when they aro disposed to make u public retraction, in case of danrgous illness or of a change in the afifirs of the State ? "Answer to the two preceding qaestions-For the retraction it is sufficient that pardon be asked of the chnrch which had been offended, and that theyrepair the scandal brought oathe faithful. This should be done with prudence and in the best manner possible to avoid the serious injury 'which might hpen to the penitent from it; anld, moreover, it is 5ufficient that the retraction should be placed in the hands of the bishop, and deposited by him for safe custody in the episcopal s'Jusncltaedrie, or even in the hands of the confessor who may transmit it to the bishop as above, and therefore theywull prudently and not without discernment divulge it. '" Tn the case of aninvalid dangerously ill itis enough that the reraction be made as above mentioned, and sufficiently published before recciving the oviatio. If it should nnt have been already made, it is enough that it should bemade before the confessor and two witnesses, to be by them eonsigned to the bishop and pub]ished after the death of the invalid. For the rest, the Sacred Penitenzieria does not think- it in any way convenient that persons wio have not made retraction as abovenmentioned should be admitted secretly. to the partidipation of the sacraments, on account of tho eal scandal that might arise from the faithful believing in the pertinacity of the penitent in the consure. "Queition 6-Treatin further of emplopdswhomabe eocntinually exposed to e ;ecute fresh voluntary cts in the executon of the law, it would be desirable that the bishops 5hould be althorized to accord a special power in the excep- tional cases, after which recourse might be had to the Holy. See. "Question 7.-It is also desirable that lnore ample power regarding the aforesaid law should be conceded, principally in xegardto the purchase or hiring of the property of the churth which is sold or let by the so-called ecclesiastical fund. ' "Answer to the two preceding questions.-Tha Sacred Pcnitenzieria will reply to these in a separate letter. "Given at Rorme in the Sacred Penitenzieria, July 5, (Signed in the original),- " G. Ca-rdL FEBRETTI, MLP. "L. PEIRAO, S. P., Secretary." "The Sacred Penitenzieria, by especial and express apostolic authority benignly accorded by our 0ost Holy Lord PopePias IX, taking into account the peculiar circumstances to all the venerable in Christ, Pathers,Archbishops, Bishops, and to the other beloved in Christ, ordinaries of places in the kingdom of Sardinia, concedes the following faculties for the term of one year, bv whichtheymayfreely, either themselves or by means of suitable ecclesiasticl per-' sons specially delegated by them, and in whom the flock may have cofidence:- " F;ist Absolve fronm censure and ecclesiasticalpairniali and individual penitents who had given their suiage in favour of the lav against the property, teo rights, and the.persons of;the chur-ch, published th 29ii~~ or who may have given their adhesion to the said law, ox. who nsy have co-operated in the promulgation or execu. tion of it, provided they make retractions sufficiently public so as to repair the scandal brought on andthe injury done to -the church, and provided they have given signs of true -penitence enjoined according to the gravity of the.fault, and perforaed aconsstent salutary peniterce.; and it is principally enjoined, as to the officers of the Government with regard to the retention of offices, to consult that which was prescribed by: the Sacred Peniuiteia to all the ordi-. naries of tha ldingdoni of Sardinia in a letter dated the 30th of June of this year. "Second. Absolve ill and individual persons who may have b6ui hi eccleixastical pronerty of the Government, or who may have been accessories to the sale: enjoining on every one:ssalutarypenitenoe and reparation of the scandal ia the bfft inabnerpo6sble.- u" ThWird. Give indulgence to the falthful of.Chrit, so that they may purhae ecclesiastical .property of the. Govens mant, or ret in what theyhare alreay bought, under thesea four conditions :-L. To hold these properties at the dispo! silica of the chutrch, and therefore to obey its-cOmmaXids 2 ~To preserve these goods, and administer cthemin a -uefni -way. To-asatisfy the. pious obligations that may. annexed to 8uch:, properties, and to assist according to theii abilties the persons or the church to whom. these. goods belovk, -particularly if ;-the rnt of the same' goods should- exceed. (in- proportion to) the price paid., For the rest,that;part of product exooeding the pric-may also be-computed- insatisfietion of the epaidwheneverthen,urchasera.w sh Do take it .back.. -n -reatiugofthe sale of: churches or -religious honses, where there may bo dinger of£their being bought by non-Catholics the afo±ed ordinaries may concedo.to Catholics the permission to perchase thsceedifiees, even-without tha expres condition of xestoring thenmto the church, because they woll be hald At least in conformity with the other.conditions, and. particmlarly 'at'!hie 66mmand.of the SolyS.e. '4. Too inforni th'e. heir and.succeaeors-of..-he. obligaions-by neans -of 'letter .so that they may understad pa what terms they are'held . . Fourtb. Girnt similar indulgence to faithful Christia a n or der that thieq may-rent eccleastici. propety or retain -that. alreadytaken, obiging thetn to geive charity in- far of thapersons or the church-:towboi susih propery be loaged;. 'whenever theq takc- itat atpnoeewhi.h in the .'.so of the -ordinasy or onfesslor,R may ~b uner the eFec tb -rMt th aet eaus he tken in every case to remove such noandaL. "G-tFivEn at liomini~ tU Peniteniuis :a, . (iSindinrZi3 a), G. CA2D2 E3ETTI tp : No axe, probably, wilbe inclined to cail w*t t;he C hurchef Roine for hc OIn the - - 1;, * EELOP, ---, Icontar,^ all mus uIieovo Doshe cneli.-. [tious adate Ys e wore cf soie, whatevcr rnaybe~ae s.pirt 'which thau,ppad, if thi£ some conventa .ad religious oders was s;MAOe .0 Parliament, t10e repreentatives of the chrtinh, jl.F and clerical both in the House and out of it3. tinually threatened every estate in the king.lom with the rt ger of RBmo if itbeameliw; -a for long after it-had received te P.oy al eit-e,f, the Xing, the Minitry, the ParHiianst; aiK electors weremenaoed witx imminent and everl*'uingretribution, and Jo aerious-did the Court & 4rne appear in it Iintentions of revenge that tie prelnimiry steps -were actully tiaken for placing the -hole of the offiendersiiunder the ban of eXcom.- -The movement ma ted b the Comtaiial Councl of -Bologn, which may be c4fled a4s'$timate remonstrnce Toovement, - for it .is, strztly within the limits of tho lw, evel aw nder -the present Govemments, is evidently' extending in various directions throughout Italy. An--addresshai ut been presented by te Provinci Connc1oE Brescia to the Clraliere Buger, Ifcutenart of Lombardy, :omplaining of the. edMsout taxation to which their proince is sbjected' in consequence of the great military establitlument mainained in the. coui 'b $he Austian Government. In order to justify their'aes in. drwing u;p this addres -the Provincia- C6uucU commences by stating that one of its princialdties is to represent to the Government The deuirea, and more particiularly the urgent want-s of the population. Eanitary and soci, andtherefore, as the represents lives of a district- numbering 333,000 inhabitats, the members of The council (every one of *htDI signed the addres) continue to la before the sentral Government the special grievances -anderwhich they consider their province to be suffering. After going into mang deails of locsl statistics, they come at last tothe greet-fact that the calculated income of the provinoe of Bres amounts to 12,240,M 7 wanzigers and 54 centimes, -while the taxes mouiit'-to 13,311),375s; 64c., diided as'follows :-Ordinairy, predial, and additional Imports, 5,010,375s.-4.; extra comrnunal rate, 1,500,0005. Ge.,; cdoitributions to art and coomerce, 99,000s.; rentI01,005s.; duties (Fimzuze), about 6,600,000r. ; and thus, ~as the council represent, t,he whole produce of the pia-vince is swallowed tip in taxtion, 'whle 'very- little is gained for it-by exportation, in consequence, of certain hindrnces to the developmenta of. the re-sources of the proviuces which the counciilors had previouly enumerated. They conclude by expfessing their confidenceinhisExoellencythe Iiieutenint to put the expenditure in harmony 'with the means of the province, and they subscribe themselves, Bossi, President ; A. Averoldi, G. Zambell. G. Passeni, C. Pulusella, F. Feroldi, members;- aud Porcelli, secretary. ; - It i said that the case of the Province of BreMSia is by no means an extraordinary one, though there is no doubt some pro'inces are more heavily taxed than otherswhere they happen to be inthe ordinary line of mar.ch of troops (all the expenses of 'such moves, wich the Austri;an Generals ta;e much pleasure in apparently, falling on the communes), anud that other provincial congregastions intend followring The same plan -of remonstrance; but I doubt very much if the Austrian Government ujil allow -suich an expose of its system to be made pubEc, andby the 'very men that it has itself named to office. About a year or two ago the works at Pola,Z on the Istrian coast of the Adriatic, where the Austrian Government is forming an asenal and dodWaid, began to attract public attention, and latterly a good deal has again been said on the same subject. It seems certain that the Ausriuan Government intends transferring the arsenal estab ishment, &c., from Venice to Pola before long, and-that the whole peninsula district south of Trieste, of which. a straight line from Triege to Fiume would form the base, is to be organized into a naval connnand and given to the Archduke Rerdinand,'who will have his head-quarters as Lord-Righ-Admiral at Pola. - - As yetthe works at Pola are in their infancy. A dockyard has been commenced, and a barrack built, capable, as it i said, of lodging10,000 men, and the towv.n and harbour are at present defended only by a chain of circular forts or towers on the principle of those erected round lmn by the Archduke Iasimiilan d'EXte; but theAustr Government has engaged the services of an American engnmeer; at a very large salary, to superintend the works I for the next fLve years, and proposes lay- ing out 100,000,000 of francs on them during that time, 5,000,000 of which wll be- spent cn the fortifications. The great political importance which Pola may assume in the future can hardly be overrated. If the present intentions of the Goverumnent are'followed up, Austriamay, by the aid of screw ships, requiring few sailors and carrying many soldiers, command the ports on either side of the Adriatic, and she may possibly be able to prevent t.he jiort of -Trieste frorm being blockaded by a Sardinia squadron. ______
YHE COBY rADE. : IVERPOOL. 8gpT. S. The arrivals from IrelaUd and atutse during thoaetweekbivh been pretty large of new hnea but otherwise 14hst. From foreign Poriswe have received 7309 quarterg of wheat, 5,360 quarters or IQdian eom. 2 barrels Inianls rn mea4 and 67.733 barrels ftour; andfrom Canada4,155 quarters of hbeat and 6,W07 barrels of dIler Theexpnrta uthe nme -me comprie 2,M quarters oGt vheat 931 quawter ofoats5,09WI quarters of TIdian orn 2.23 ma,IS and 3.S bwrel of flour. There hasbeen quite a panic in the trade dung thetet week, owing to the fine weather, lirge suplies of niew weat aLttne (outrymarketsSand large dvall'eelomAmeriena. Wneat has declined Is. to 3 d. per 70b. en new and 6 toOdc per 701b.-oe old. witbout leading to much busines& iour oi fine quality bein' ac&e has onlyreded&i.per bharel, but inferior a5 beaen offere wnthlittle effect at Laer-arel-rduction. iDe denand for ldian. coernbasquitedisappearedforthepresent, and prices bave declined 2?.to3sper quarter. Inotherarticlestherehas been oemparsively little alteration in value. At this das market there wss a good attendance of the towin -town and country tade nndsereralmlere from the north of Irelzut. iew-wrbeatmetwithagooddemandI ata decline or Is. 3d.tols.i-&d Per 7Olb en netw Irish and English. snd Is. per T01b. cn newA-nericin. Old whest. however, owingtotheirpreviow extreme depreereon. eann2ot be quoted snore than Sd. to 9d. per 701b. 3vwer, wiithabetter Oensand. lour of goed quality was sace. and folly as dearI lbnt inferior descriptionsmustbe caled e. per bael lenrer, with a slow Wale. Oata and oatmeal were only in lixnited requet, and ma'r be quotedid. per 451b. andls. per ladlower. ivew otmcailbeing ssyet very EroCe, oomnumds. Ssto36L per load. }rley, bean. and peas. with a moderate retail xale. were the tunm in fav ur of the buler. Indimn corn 6ontinues ou3te negleckd, and to make salea a redacetou of ds. to 4s. per quarternEto be subnmittedt'o. L DI EzIrr. 51. sThe supply of now wlheat to-da is muchb smaler than lest week. ant isoeldata 3ecl1neof2s.to4s.rerquarter. Cldvheatis1L to2Lper quarterlow.er. Not louh bariey h yet appeared on the r'ret. ndreazes iegulr prioer, No altertion in the value of oat Saen beans. AVhVY ra usfk ll5 R-TSTOr. SEl. 9 The wecathersidct this dayweek hu beW;ery fiue and favourisbla for b&vest work, anud we baye hada goodf supply of newEngsIb wheat offeriog, whiebmeta moderate Se art X decline of Ii to Su. Per Onarter, =d bldvbeat ain2s. to 2a. per quartr lower. Yine fwelgn aboutasimllarreducUoo. Barley.hoemaltimg in demanod grinding lower. Ota& the jmin sa lag wreek. Ilour. * dull Wle at 2X, toX 36 per .ackdwlIno. Butterinlmted dend. I AVWO X W A EWISMW ~rD nra srpr. S.
THE PUBZLIC HEALTH. (From tho RC General's Weekly Return.) E2even hdrde deaths were registered in London in the waektha, ended o Saturday lt. - Thei deaths of males wore S5° thcss of female3 548. As regards the total L=woer, theoTesentreturn differs litle from thoseof the two preu7k= wMeeds; and if the mortality produced by epidemic c1ol-ain 1849 azd 1854 baeecltdedfrom theaverage of cpornding veCeks in the years 184-5, it will appear that the rate of mortality whieh new rle3 approxi:mats to the sve-ae ra'ae at this season. As the irth?s rc iste:ed last weekl were 1,634, the excess oE brths o- er deaths wz 534. Disrrca continuously decrea-es. Tea deaths from it in tha Veek were 124, vrhich is less than half of the number camzed by this comelaint about three weeks ago. Four eaths are referred to cholera. Three. of theie occurred to iffa4a; the remaining ca-se is retutned as follows :-S,t. r, eWetminster, in the workhouse, on the 1st of September, a man, ag,ed 40 years, " Asiatic cholera." He waiz in the lsxt stase of disease when admitted. At 3. Tysoe-placz, Clerkenwell, a coppermmith died on the 30th uit., at the ego of 18 years, of " di=rrc=(28c days), gastroentsiht3 (18 days)," . With reference to the house inM -whieh the young man died, the mnedical attendait rks:-" There is a cesspool apparently nuder the hitcLen, with an untrapped drain in the courtb whiclh emit vesr offernive efflavia, and the whole of the familg, with jzesception, have suffered zrom the complaint during tho rt monDt." In two cases of scarlatina, out of the 29 Whiuc! were fatal in tha week, two men, aged respectively 36 and 45 ye_rs, were the snfferers. A child died of tetanus, ippaxentby idiopathica Two vwomen died at the age of 92 years, two vwomen at 93, i a man at 93, and a woman of more extraordinary longevity is stated to have attained the age oi 106 years. She died in thb zIaryIbone workhouse on the 31st of August, and Ir. Joseph, who registered her death, was informed that she haf been there 34 years, and that her son is now living, wioe -is 84 years old. She had heen formerly cook in a nobleman's family. : Lanitgeek the bi-ths of 827 boyc and 807 girls, in all 1,634 children, were regiteredin London. Ir the ten corresponding weeks of the years 1845-N5 the average number wa31,451. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the barometer in the week was 29 847 inches. Tne mean dol-y reading was above 30inches on Wednesday and Thereday. The highest reading in the week occurred on the former day, and wa3 3017 deg. The meantemperature of the week was 57.5 deg., which is Ideg. below the average of the same week in 38 years (as determined -by Mr. Glaisher). The highest reading oczued on Sunday (Au.gust 31), and was 74 deg.; the lowest was 43-Sdeg., and occurred on Wednesday. The highest reading in the sun was 93-5 deg. onThrsd'ay. The mean dew-point- temperature was 88de, and the difference between this and the mean t atre of the air was 8- deg. The mean tsmperatare of th;e water of tbe Thames was 62 7 dsp. The wmnd blew geherally from the eas on the last three days. The rain inr th8 week was 0109 in. It fell heavily on the night of S~aturday. - -
THES AlITARY STATE OF BOULOG1E. - TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. rionieur le Rk t-enr,-Flusiours jorxnaou Francais et ZtsugerS E3 sot fait Peeho de brits inexacts qui ont coua ur2r rtat sanitaie de la vile de Bonlogme-sur-Mer. On a %fjvsqu'a) avancer: --L Qull y zegnait une angine couenneuse qui avait fait tvnt do nictimes quo les etr3ngers s'eloignaient de la ville, e*sne lea habitans foynient en mace. 2. Quo le typhuls exercait epilement ici de grands ravages. -Je dais fairo justice de tontes ces exag-rations. -le typhus ne zegne pas, et n'a pa regne, i. Boulogno. Si des ongines y ont ene lieu, coamm dana presque toutes leS hi2es ain nozd, avec Ina ou moins de dnree, loin d'svoir en ce carzctro g6n6ral et nlarmnut qui aurait fait fai- lez 'trangers et les. habitam-, je puis affirmer que jo ne conni3 pas de familles Boulonnaises qui aient quitte la -vle pou cetta cause; si quelques fanmiles dtrangeres, ffayees par des bruits alaramants propages par la malveillance on la 16geret6, sont parties do oulogne, il y reste encore en co moment, en sos dn nombre consid6rable de familles 6trangk-es qui habitent cette viloe toute P'ann6e, une population flottante d'itrang&rs 6gale aux trois quarts dn nombre marsmum de csn3 qui sont venus visitor 3iouiogne pendart les ann6es les plus prosperes. Ie,s cas d'angine, qui ont successivement diminu6 depuis qielque temps, ont preequn entierement disparn en ce moment, et nucnoe alanne ne Tegne dans la population. I Enfmn, In moralit6 a Boulogne a eK, pendant les huit premiers mois de 1856, moindre quo pendant lap6riode correspondante en 1855, 6poque i laquelle l'angine conenneuse n.'avaf pas encore paru. 'emettez-moi, hMonsieur To R8dacteur, de r6clamer de 505, dana Pint6ret do Is v6rt6, l'insertion de cette lettre dans votre journaL. Veuiflez agr6er, Monsieur To PR6dacteur, l'ssrance do ma considsration distingn6. La3 iaire do Bonlogne, A. ADAM. I Boulcpn-urIler, Eept 5. lanombra de d1ueS4 no;a compris les militsires, a 6t6 du ler Janvier am 31 Aot, 1855, de . ... ... 739 Fo Ia nlm ems periode de 1S56 il n'a e6 qwue de ... 690
PBOGBES3 Or' N=w Yorst.-It is but a few years since that Broadway, Iaberty, Munvay, Warren, Chambers, znd other streets in the First, Third, and EFfth Wards were principally taken up as private residences by our merchant yrinDCe Tne site upon which the Astor-house now stands ;ras occnpied by a row of brick and -good dwelling s; near the corner of Park place and Broadway was the (then) elegnt mransion of 1'hllip Hone. Butthese have all iven *ay to the msrcha of impzovement, andeven the Astor-house iteelf, which, at the time of its erection, was considered far in advance of aythinzg of the kind ever before attempted, in nOW outstipped in dimensions and magnificence by the St. Nicholas, Mietropolitan, and others of a more recet date. On the east aide of the towvn, where but a few yeassago was erected what was then considered, and indeed were, ela,ant and spacious private dwellings, East Broadway, MaYison, andRutgers streeta were at one time the court nest of the great metropolis, and seemed to challenge humai ingemuity to produce anything to surpass them m elegance. Now, however, they are bult second and third rate residences, and totally eclpsed by the palaces on the Fifth Avenue, and other thoronghfares of the npper po-tion of the city. But while thins is so, the ground is not less valuable; indeed, the reverse is the case, and the en-tension of Canal.street and other improvements in the vicinity are fast caling into requisition all the property in the neighbourhood for the purposes of business and commerce. Erom Grand-street down may now be considered one vstaf area of manufactories and warehouses, and the cry is s'til onward. Broadway, as hbih up as Canalstreet, Ia= already become, or, with the buildings in progress, soon will become, an almost continuous mart of wholesale warehouses, many of them, such as the establishments of Bowen and Zd`Tamee, Stewart, and others that might be named, of the most magnificent description. aFifteen' years ago swch a thing Was unknown in the street. nat is now the 18th Ward, including the rich property on portions of the Second and Third Avenues, and il*h streets t-otheBast Biver, 25 years ago were the Stuyvesant meadow3, with rome streets, each of them forming a bank, unpaved cnd unimproved, ruDning throuoh them. Thei 'whole of the upper portion of the city, from louston-street, onay be said to hive sprung up like magic within the last 301 yeas. The population of New York was ther some 150,000 inhabitants; it is now between 600,000 and 700,000, to say nothing of Brooklyn, Williamsburg, Jersey City,, and other places adjacent, the whole of which, in fact, were built up and are, inhabited by men doing business in New York, and whose population are as many more. *Within the iast eight years the extreme upner end of the island, Yorkville and Sanhattanvile, has baen fillingr up with great rapidity. On the east side, throgh the Thid r Avenne to harlem River, there arenow buta few streets hemainl:g nnopened, and many of them are wnel built upL with genteel, but not- costlv, dwellins; while the millionaires hhve clsered in and abeut the EifthAv .enue and MurraybilL. Our cdtiens of moderate means have not been idle or u'uting in the gpnrit of improvement, and a few years hence wil gee this whnole island covered wiith one dense mas of buildings. Should Harlem River 'be made navigable for vessels of al cLasses, which it is believed will be done, and that speedily, N2Zew York will at once become the Empire Crty of the world, as she is now the 'Empire City of the Ameri=n Confederzey.-.ew Ysrk: Sun. [Advertisementl-No tice.-Inse mn' price after Sep tenober tiLo--" Tho Gammar of Ornamentl" by Owen Jones ue nun-joan drire felt by the author and byonrelves, the pub'Usheas of thto n-cob, to hIt so ES complete cas polble, healed to tberdaclos upon creey Plato E3 many eremples ra could be arranged in the Spamce. Ts wvhle iaS-ug the usefulnesa and beauty of the work, a led to veft heasy addiuonsl onatlny, rnd to expenses not conteflPlated at t.e cutza- As an example ItwillI 505ce so state that, bherean 5t--iw estmated that c atone n onld be afficen-t to produce the-sO_,te e. dvlian avegeroffdepniptios toeachplate itbas beeufnudacr ecce3;ry to .-sa0aO ,es+.or;s,aewen painting toesach yate; and ism necebiy Icr uing so large an extra nirmber of printi2s ina.r-aes CserY othsi expanse of production iDn Coerespdingg reSee. .We fand iP nccnarz to ann-oeon thst, on and after September Cth -rest the prnCe fzr tho oem late vcrk l 7 be £i7 10, iinDplceof si.Ps.,-ipnrp-- Suhs, & pe of 1CE_ Tnhepricewill notbencreased to oar ewn u ebscribeir, ,t.thap-w homybv itaen itcr orrdIt LbPVa t = pir3tnSe7hbr ,h cEnt A defermed tn-, ECPteaber Otb.1-is naed, as we find that Iany peDrc=:- z reubocribed thmcgh thaijbook&jejs to receive&the =orbkon csmpietlse. amithcFoasorers have ozibeeaonrrrded tonls; the tna:a epeciedwill enble the tonde ed our own snbscribei to srecre arch c~imbxefcTet-elanesn,-sin thepice Blfeul Se.mle tes crisial price, E3 after the timesaned net a single aet wi be applEc c exc;). at the Inrceazed rce We fet that to the who aere aLready supported the werk no apoiesy iarslquite for m1, sah the sn-ice. arting *hLt the advance dcas rot apply to thEm thz h3-re theact} cf oin that theyhare eDCIo1mCUe their cDt* n pr.-ce for whIch ths work CanEnt, be again obtained. dV lic_snerm-hers3 to thQe ,-ten, e. G.at-r, reo.e - ', - fAde-ertiseri .n'.g.J-Albet >Smith has achieved grM'tSr tbsayat1sn ~Eendig MC 3nt >LtrEs has scrtem - iSketcheb of-tbe 3ap" Hereino be Is doDn h'rmourou, yet fithfel portrbit, of tins va:i.don cla-as t at .lcane linliah societ; @ and basfunud mort sn-i.i MmteesoT5 Chis t5-ie Gilbert, Hern-_en and Ga7S.4 whosO >. s In s S this -most orng wolm. t6>)5C3El2 0 e7 rt Emithi-lfi be readmith exzen-liA Searre by th*ee whsa i!tro admireabiy Poutr ras weaaen abty au w7co can be chirmod by el3iiTS delineUaion as m=3annr, habifts eetae sna pan-Pt Mwf . -ae lAtsoraaieDse Ilnrated bh the'Same ar'5,' >:Wor.s.aial P3I'ie," by cOr-ce Maybew ; -adr -1ea of the -," by Angus B. jiech. T7rd and Lock, and all [Adreriez.enrse-t.1 l~~dr Tine Camp Club in the Crimea,' edt:47cC'by ,pD cm,z' :Ee'rahtligeits 5trlI, fro the ent &nD t tee xc' =, sarseU, v arD eteeta-n lr. sad eshlirt all t511 ta d nhatd n- resa-nI=cd v catr!!g of talcnt whichch=waeteirsizthe auntheor cf"t}c k-ltcms ci the -Ics Table cd o TtTe Eta-re." The rdlce cVn_Ieta -ezcr a= "" iTesie¢nt, the cerridy of tho "'rZacunTus Jj$1Vh5ii(52t-tfltr =OM rDn in P.!O'=a d ODRtbaUD D& MTSs which eshlJita. iIere'tef ip dhein5ue tha nine, t n-th 4i the Vamp_-OO rp 1srudunVen0: which for e yery season marsh lb U Cr5 'clam of Icnaien- nadjaCE3a itoesther this beolwill be bt tl:nT lightk reaETarn- and have ni,dteper Eiecthnt the podotle of eDt '!ruc .t:I, for it WM 'R ilineild tkffirus uTdergrne ln the et arel a y oar trcoro PrIce IIs. Cd. C. .J. hse %, '0, R i a Wi iamr$eA, L3 a -cTe. -
COURr OF,BAZrKP.UIPrZ 'SRp 9. IN AI E XAAIDERP PAfE. (Before Mr. CorwnMioriev I[OLROYD mLe bankrupt was the proprietor of the Kins Arms lItel, Croydon. Hiis accounts extend from May 18, 1855, to June 14,1856, and contaiA the following itemsr:--Dr.-To unsecured creditors, 3,5504 , creditors holding seocurity, 7,8094; capital, 4646; profits 7011. Or.-Good debtors, 65!.; proprty, 514; property; held by credifors, 6,3501; trade expenses, 1,831L; house and personal expanses;,200;. . losses, 3,6891. The unsecured creditors inclnde MIr. Bousfield, St. Mary-at-Hill, 2091; ilr. H. Donaldson,- ot Mark. lane, 579I.-; Messrs lliot, Watney, ind Co., Westminster; brewers, 1,1844. (who hold the note of the bankrapt and Mr. T. Beedham Robinson fer 1,000L); Messrs. Nicholsoa and Co.. distillers, 4731. The creditors holdinr security in. clude Mr. T. L Robinson, Croydon, 4,4291., who holds the lease and goodwill, 6,0001.4 , furnitare -znd fixtures, 1,1521.; and stocik and licences, 2534; total, 7,406'. To this astatement the bankrupt affixes the follolmng snotes :-" I agreed to give this amount upon representations which have proved not to be correct. I paid 2,9064. in cash and bills at that time, andl 1504 subsequently, and, as security for tho remainderwith interest,I executed a mortgage, dated the 18th of May, 1855, of lease of said tavern, to secure 3,0001 and interest. I have discovered since my bankruptcy that the furniture and fixtures and effects are included in the demise to me, with the said lease, at a rental of 3151. per annumafor th3 whole, although tne zent agreed for said lease was only 2001., and no demand beyond this sum was made by said Robinson. I have also paid part. of said purchase-money and interest on the balance remaining unpaid; yet the said T. I, Robinson, although the-said furn niture and effects havo been charged to me on account, now daims the same effects by virtue of the said demiseestimated value, 9004. Messr. Chasemore and -Robinson, bankers, are creditors for 2921. and a furaher claim of 1004; ! whichI dispute, The securities held by Messrs Chasemore and Robinson are wine warrants of the estimated value of 4504.; Mcssrs.:Nicholhon, distiLers, are creditors for 1,05t4, and they hold the second rmortgage of a leasehold tavern, the King's Arms, and a life policy for l,OOI. of no value.'. This was the certificate mceting. Mr. Sargood, instrncted, by Mir. Ashurst, appeared for the assignees; l1r. Bagey for Mr. Donaldson, .and MIr. Iinklater for the bankrupt, Mx. BAGLEY said that in December, 1855, the bankrupt purchased fromMr.Donaldsonupwardsof 500l. worth of wine, giving in payment three bills, the first of which for 1607 be. came due in March, 1856. This bill' being dishonoured, Mr. Donaldson had sued thc bankrupt and obtained judgtuent on the 15th of May. Subsequent (on the 3 of May) the banklrupt had prevai'ed upon Mr. Donaldson to forbear execution by representatiors that he had wine-warrants in the banRds of Messrs. Chas<emore and PRobinson, hankers, of the vle of5004as against advances of 1604 The bankrupt farther statedthat his furniture, &c. were worth 2. and that he had only two or three creditors besdes Messs Chasemore and Robinson, and himself, and that'their claims amountedonlyto abuot some 200!. or 309. Thebankruat had in fact representedhimsel£ to be perfactly solvent, and induced fr. Donaldson to forbear execution. In June, 1856, Mr. 'Donal,dson, however, had notice of an assignment by the'bakrpt, and the bankSpt's statement of .affairs now showved other and Iunsecured creditors to the exteo-' of 73 in number, and 3,5504 in amount, and, practicaly, no assets. Messrs. C'hasemore and Robinson held the wine-warrants for a larger debt than their value. So far from the furniture of the Sing's Arms being the bankrupt's, it was only leased to him and was not his own. 'Mr. Donaldson, Mir. Sharp,-his solicitor, and Mr. Ross, Mr. Sharp's clerk, deposed to- the bankrupt having made the misrepresentations complained of. Mr. William Bousfield examied.-stated that, the bankrapt was indebted to him 2001. He had received nothing from him previously. The banrrupt was introduced to him byMr. Robinson, of Croydon. hlr. Robinson caried on the business of & wine-merchant, in addition to that of a banker. Mr. Robinson told him that the bankrupt had not quite sufficient capital, and that he wanted 1,000. He uggested that he (Mr. Bousfield) should go down to Croydon, and said that the bankrupt was right, On the faith of what Mr. Robinson, who was an old customer, said, he saw Pairie, and asked him as to his position. Paine said he owed but lile- and Robinson Eaid that, so satisfied was he with Paine business, that he should lend him 3,000. I he had known that Paine had nothing but a lease of the furniture and premises at an annual rental, he would not have opened an account with him. By the Co323ss io.Nz&-Mr. Robinson told him that he had assisted the bankrupt, and should continue to do so. Robinson said the bankrupt had paid him. The Co3nmoN-5Then you gave the bankrnpt credit on the faith of what Mr. Robinson told you ? M-. Bousfield.-Yes. I did it on faith of his statements. The bankrupt, exanmed, said that he was previously in business as a stationer at Hastings, when he became acquainted with Mr. Robinson through, an advertisement in Ts :Tissies. He at first refused the business advertised. Robinson then wished him to undertake a part of the business-the ginshop, and he ultimately undertook to pay Mr. Robinson 6.000L for the lease of that past for 50 years, and a rental of 20CL a-year. The furniture and -xtur were to be paid for in addition. The -6,000. was for the goodwill of the business. Robinson said that the part -he took returned 5,O000. a-year. He asked Mfr. Robinson'what the profits were, when Mr. Robinson said,- " If I tell you there is only one person between me and the tax collecor." On further inqniry he was led.t6 believe that the urofits- of the part he took were about 2,000L a-year. The profitshacd since been at the rate of about 7004 a-year instead of 2,000I, The furniture was valued at3,152!.,inadditiontother6,000. for lease and goodwiil. At this time he (bankrupt) was solvent, and, ma fact, had a surplus of 646. The great inducement that led him to take the business was this -Mr. Robinson said that it was a thing done evezvd in London for a man with only a small canital like he had to embark in such a busness. He (Mr.Robinson) would lend him 3,000Q ; a brewer would lend anotherlOI OL,and a distiller would lend another 1,0OO In consequence of what Mr. Robinson suggested, an application was made to Mr. Watney, who advanced 1,0004 on the joint. note' of himself and Mr. Robinson and security over the furniture. Mr. Licholson, the distiller, afterwards agreed to lend him 1,000L on the representation of Mr. Robinson. The only fsuitthat he (bankrupt) had committed was this.:-3Mr. Robinson had said, "Ef you are asked by Mr. Nicholson what money you brought into the husiness, say youbrought in 2,000L, because the 1,000 obtained from VWatney is resllyyours." He had, hewould admit, mnadethat representation accordingly. The COssONxER.-Is Robinson here?v Bankrupt.-" Yes. The statement was not really mine, but Mr. Robinson desired to put the case to Mr. Nicholson in that shape." An agreement had been mide and signed pior to the moment hir. Robinson let him into possession. Up to that time he (bankrupt) had n solicitor acting for him. The areement was produced by Robinson, andtheybothsi6nediL 'r.Robinson then took theagreement away for his soecitor to prepare the lease, and he (bankLrut) agreed that the same soicitor should act for him. He had since raid Mr. Robinson's solicitor 77!. for preparing the lease, rn accordance with the terms of the agreement. Mr. SARsooD.-I ca'l upon Mr. Moginie (Pontifex and Moginie) to produce the agreement. Mfr.Moginie said, the receipt to the bankrupt pro, duced, for bill of costs, 77L 14s. d., recorded the- true state of facts. He could not recollect whether Mr. Robinson or Paine paid the 771. The receipt was in Paine?s name, It was usual for tne lessor to pay costs. The first chairge in the bill of costs was- for perusing agreement; he had no doubt the following documeut was the deed he perused:- "Union Bank, Croydon, April 5,1856. "Memorandum of Agreement made this 5th day - of April, 1855, between Thomas Leedhasa Robinson,.of Croydon in the county of Surre, banker,and wine and spirit - merchant,of the firstpart, andAlexander Paine, of Hastings, i n the county of Sussex, of the second part; thcesaid Thomnas I l,eedham RLobinson agrees to let'a3d the said Alexanlder Paine agees to take all that portion of the pre ies known as the Kng's A s Hote and late in.the7occ tion of William Andrews, and lso the retail wineandspuitesopfronting the High-street, with the cellarsunderneath- thu saidhouse and retail shop, and also smuch of tIe warehouseat the back of the said hotel as will enclose the casks now standing agn the back or north walI of the botel, on repairing lese for the bTem of 50 years, the preminum to be 'aid for such lease to bo 6,0001., 3,0001. of which the said Thomas -Leedhan Robinson agrees-to leave on thesecurity of the said lease, and the said Alexander Pains agr.es to oive a -note of hand, payable on demand for a further-sum of 4 O1.000! and 5furthir security upon the lease for -,O00I., if required so to do by the said Thomas Leedham Robinson, and-also security on the furniture and fixtures for a still further sum of 1,000L, the ent to be 2001. per annum until such time as '10004 shall have been paid off the 3,00014 to be lent on-the lease, when the rent shall be reducedto 1751. pter anum-; the interest to be paid on the loan to beatt rateMof per cent. per annum, and. such interest together with the -zent of the premises--t. be paid qarterly; the first payment to be- ma'de in' such proportion as may be due on the first qnarter-dyafter the date of takxingpnosiession-; ohe pres to eo insured in the RoyalBxchange ireoffice, or sutch oher offiee as may be agreed upon between the said partie, the insurane to be paid iby the said Thomas L~ee&ham Robinson, who shall be tepaid by thesaidAlexuder Paine. The said iUexander -Paine shall not carryr or or allow to ha carried on any business on the said.p'reraisss other thanl thait of -a liceissed victualler, without the &n. sent in wviting of -the said Thomas Leedbam PRobiuson, his heirs, -excecutors, or assignis; as d ithe said Ale*ader Paine, his heirs, administ.tors. or assigns shell commit any act by which the license -would beforfeited, ina sch case te lesse shall be forfeited and againbecemue the'prouert~ of the I said Thomas Icedham RBainlson- 'sithout ciiy .paent iSncontideratiou fdr the sane.-.The.lease.to -contain he _ueal,c dauses and covenants. IE a forL'eiture of the.l'ease shall take place before 'the nioneuy - lent unpon- ivt is repalid, any balance then owing shall -be charged -to the estate -of the said- Alexajider Paina. The 'aid tAlek. ander Paine agrees to give-to the- said Thomas leedham Robinson a note of hand payable on denisad'for,5).; as deposit; *nd- he also agrees to-pay the smE oE 1,000 to beac nidered and siecovered. as liquidated damagesia'ese of tlle nonfulfilment.of this agreensent. Possession 'tobe taken, on or befoze the 1st day of June, 1.O., The -said Aijexander Paine.. agrees to py the e pensa of leso-and counterpart, -d said Thloma ham Robinson Ames mot agree to psOducehis titedeed , - - " Witness our hands to the. aboveagreement, thiWs 5,I day.of Apri,1855.s>i - - -"Thoa&S LEx a BROBINSO2Ns " Witness-William Godson." - : - - There never tou, to hisM ,wled, -Uny other-. w nitn gebmentbetweenbanikmptand h hR6tinson than this. lIe beieved-Mh Robin son sent it. He beL:ayedbe m*et obinson and bankruptrat his office when tho e of thr e were discuEsed, but 1en6v e&hebkd ao' irtructi6n besing given him byt'ankvupt. The basikrupt k thit he was 'net acting for him, but forMr R6bimson. The a#eement produced ias in the handwritinatef Robinison. He ddnot now by whom itwasprepred. id nothow who M1r. Godson, the attesting witness;,was.% The CommSa 'nsrox ad be couldI not see hiow the banlk; rupt's conduct towards Nicholson was affected by the co nduct Of Mr. Robinson~' M1r. SAXGooD said, bin object was to show thnat thdl .eas6 prepared by MLr. logine was not in accordance with the terms of Use agreement. Mr. Mognie said, the reason for the difference was that the bankru couldl not 'ay the money mentioned in the agreement. Paine authorized the difference and saw the draught of the lease. -,The -Bankaupt.-I beg pardon. I never receivedl any draught. I state soleminly that I inever authorized the ese, and that I neycr saw the draught of the lease at all. hIat Mr. Moginie has stated is untrue. The bankrupt proceeded to state that he exeCuted the lease t fr. Moginie's office. He -would swear t'before God that tho lease was not read over to him. He believed the lease to he in acordance with the originbl agreement, or he wbuld never have signed it. Had never, in any discussioni wit tobinson, authoi azd sodifferet adeed. the etime of the"banhruptcy he did not believe that he owed,h Robson apenny for rent. Robiuson ha, thowever putpin a distress for 3001. er. SAentooD.-twae bankanpt staes thathe nver tobe a mere tenant of the fiatures Hnd furniture. - nhe asnignees dso not pre.mmine to say whether the bankruptor er. Robinson is right. r. DRobinson isprment. f heha anyth to say hocanlo,ointo th'witness-box, ifhe ikes Mr. Moginie ad, Mr. Robinson wished to be examined ifdthe Court wouda permit. The Comnrssoitwa said, the examination of Mb. Robihn son could not- affect the 'bankrupt.- ,Mr. SAbutOOD-3r. Moginie is subpcenaed as a witness, And ought not to be permitteC to address the Court. if Mr. Rdbinson desires to exculpate his conduct, the proper may is for, him to go into the box, and not to alow aniother person to mnake a statement for hvim. ' * The Cosanessso. said that, if th banlilrupt hald done thakt which he ought not to have done, it was no excuse for him to say that he had done it by the advito of somebody' 'else.' *The bankrupt (examined by Mrx. Luzm'nraT) said, he was aI shorthand-writer when at Heatings, and that he hew reotbeinzg t Ar. Robinson befora the appearance of his allvertisement. It was Robinson who suested the obtaining ofnoney fromthebrewers and distillers.' He hadlnot made the representaoions to di Donaldson comangained of. The :representations he mnade to Mr. Donaldson were materially different from those alleged. taBy M r. BAGooY-He had attended the iDerbycmrace in tht, but it hwasin theway ofbusiness. He was also atthe Oaks.," but that ws only by accidet0. a Mr. SARtoab said, Mr Nicholson had 'lost his 1,000!. Whether this was owing to the banklrpt or another i'erson Mr. Nicholson left it to theCot to judge. 'The assgeas honly discharged their duty by bnrnging the circum stances of the casebeforethe Court and bthepublic. Ifthe terms of the agreement, as produced, haa been also set forth in the lease, there would have been something for ted creditors. As itbwas there was nothing. Mr. Sargood pro> ceefred to refer to thn difference in the two documents as t6 the furniture and fixtures being the bankrupt's, 'and thb rent beins 2001. instad of 330. er yar. The allegedi arrer of rent had swallowed up alrlith bankrupt's. tocks and the furniture was said not to be his. 'Mr. Rohinedo had noVlchosen to contradict "on rath what the bankrupt had that day sworn on oath, and there was the circumstaince of the bankrupt having made. payments of 50t. per uanyrer> which went to show that the rent was 2001o a-year; t When Mr. Robinson had been reouested to explain certain difforences, he had said, nOhfit was a blunder;" and it Wae not untpi the bankruptoy that he had put in the lease as evidence. Mr. ItNteLATER urged that sthe bankrupt f iding Robinson in the position of a hanker, and'bylie g Itha he would be supported, had acceded to terms that wre exoshei tant and utterly preposterous.. It was an unfortunate thing for him that he hao ever seen M r. Robison or answered his advertisemento He had by so doing lost every farthing of his money f bhu there w- no intenftisri on hisepart. to dhefroaud s or w fron anone.snad?f.Ncoso o ea - M. Jnes(toaccnis).-efoe our Honour gives jusgment,eIdbeg, as tracd itor forwupwards of 100b1., to state thwat If huportaveknow the tradngtl ears,and that I never lesta monerary withlessu regr I feelt wal sewhen I add thatnd the credmitosrareoftesuntanimouso opinion,or narlyhi so, thttebankrupt has not intendedct w ron anne,rl butthte has been made the instrumentofatidpry His Hoou said, he believedl that theban not intended to act fraudulently; It was had answered Mr. Robinson's, advert isement. It was also unfortunaTe that he did not employ a solicitor himself. Some persons had a horror of lawyers. 9 Stillthere was no legitimate excuase for hisbaving eigneclthe document of which he now complained. 'He must be houind by it uLnless he prored-swihfa and deliberafie fraud ; and, if hewishedl to, establish thathe musagotoanother court. There appeared to him no reason to impute any intention of fraud on either side. Hre felt thaut the 'allegations of misrepresentation in the two cases of Mr Donaldson and.Mr. Nicholson had been sustained. A trader was bound to he circumspect that he made 'correct. statements of his affairs and -lonitito, und it ofa contrary kind s ould bedelwihsvry.Ote Nichoson te cerificae (seond-ca) ould be sus ene withel unil he ankuptshold avebeen in prison IX BEGERE JOSLIAHPLE THES' ELDER. The bankrupt was a printer, of. Savoy-street, St-rand. His aceolnts, prepard by Aft. Cook'er, extend from January 1, 1854, to June 6, 1856, and show the following itehas its], 8261. ; creditors. 5,66o l; abilities, 7081;gois 3dE0L The assets are about ,00. trade expenses 57f7T.; house and personal expenes, 0811. ; losses 2,1231.' 'This was the examiniation meeting. Mbr.- Plews appearea fo;r the assign ees, an d Mr. OMidley' for 'th e b ankrupt, who passed.
MiffDDZESEX SZ ESSIOffS, TueZay, Sep. 9. (Before Mfr. Csmasy.) Patricl Carroll, 35, who was described iii the calendar as 5 clerk of superior education, was indicted for unlawfully and indecently assaulting Emma Luff. IMr. Sleigh appeared for'the.prosecution, Mr. IRibton for the prisoner. Te prosmtrix is a girl 15 years of age next Decenber, but looking much older, the daughter of a collector residing atNo. 2, George's-terraCe, Copenhagen-street, Islington, and the prisoner was stated to be a clerk in the General Post-office, in the receipt of a salary of 1601. a-year. He livecl next door to the girl's fahoer. In her examintion in chief the proseeatrix stated that he pnsoner had lived next door neighheiir to her father for2bhout four years. 'On the evening of the 12th of August;, at abouw half-past 8 o'lock, she saw him in'the street :Ee was 'at his door- and she wZ.3 in the area of her father's house. He told her that 'e had received a letter from his wife, who was in the country, and that he expected her home at the end af the week. At about helf-past.9 the same night she went into the garden to take some clothes which had been washe* from a line, and. she saw the prisoner in his garden. 'He spoke to her, but at first she took no notice. He said ' "Emma, here, I want to speak to you." She had some of the clothes on her arm then; she took them into the ktchen, and then returnedtc the garden, when she found the prsoner close to the wall. The ground on is ^ide of the -vall was lower than oi hers, and she could bus -fiper4 feetly se im Shewwenttospenkto him. and'stoaoduo .ois a cid's chair which was standing ther HWe aed hei to stand higher if she could.L There was a ladder on his- side oDf the walL He again asked her to stand higher, and she then knelt on the top. of 'thedustbin. he- priso'oer'then got up the ladder, and when he got close to her e put his arm round her waist and said she '-ws a nicegirL Shetoldhimtobeashamedefbimwelf, ashewas amarriedman, He had a glass inhishand,. and asked her to drink out of it. He did say what it was, but she could not iecollect the nane. She refused to drink, and he then ttu, the glassto her mouth, and some of the liquid it con- ned,whateveritwas,wentdopin-her throat. 'it had`a very bitter tasbe.. She did inot swallow it -willin'I, but 'ried to force the glass away.- Directly after she 'slwa. lowel it her fetbeanae nsub, fire seexise to'flash frombe'eyes. ber head *birled round, and she fell "down heavilyj, ber hitad coming in contact with'something'wbich 'cam '"aed severe contusion. She became insensible,: and .ihen' she' parlly, recovered she found heisef' in' a closet with the prikner. He wuaathen standing beside her with a glass of wateri n his hand, some of which he dashed in her face. Sheagain lost her senses, and when she ca,ie to she found herself on a bed in the vrisoner's back parlour. She 'then struggled with him, and the headboard of the bedstead fell out.. (She here described the assault.) The next thing. she rememnbered was agan finding herself in the closeti her' 'sister, 'who was some years younger than herself,- standinj,; besideher. She'made anoise, and hesaidif.shedidnot stopD it he would oiaon her, and betried to force a'hand. kerchief into her ouoth,;but that was' before she saw her - n cross-examination, she saidshe idnot have'anvsny. per that night.. She did not go into the defendant's kit che, Beforeshevwent intothe arden she'senther sisterout'on' .anertand toiake some cl1thes to the mangle.' She.wavion thb duitbin ab-out a minute before he gave. her the d-ink and when he offered itto her she' closed her teeth and'triei push h-m away. . She could not tell how she got ov-r the walle±cept that she fell of the dustbin. When her gister went out sAe shut the doorlafter her,s* an, i e -e td dolet 'ber agin n afewminute s. heha neerbensb-ect to hsterical fits.' Shnenhad sent her-sister"o e mangling 'ronissi'several times before that occasion, 'i-Aimeluff, the sister, stated that when'the, 3cUtx ,senther -with the clothestothemanglashe told=er.sh would openthedoorfor ther,and then they would it.p until:their maother came home.. We. segtbc h knockedelat the' door for-an hour. hutnoe nwr,'ad she was then talken intb 'the houaeN., nagetea go ver thewliad-litnto' ater' hcseitohe As shie could not find hergister at home she vsentout ag 'Xhe pr-isee came to hii door, and she asked him T' hehad seen her ister. HEe said she was in the cotet,. sadtook her there. SUx found hier 'sister lying at full length on the floor' The Vrisoner had'aass in hsh ,d she woud,rnot, and he held her to.prevent her going iy. Her sisterwas screamng. Xr- Garrod eatue in Cross-exanined.-She had never been sent with the rnaning 'so 0lat'before; it was' usual forher't'take'it'in theMorrang. She had not taken the maaing for 'months before;i - Freeric-Garod, solichtors clerlk, of No; 10, 'Clrmrch~stret, Islington, stOa ethat he was visiting at a friendl'sin Gecsa-g's-tarreace 'on'-the, occasion sa question, and, he.ning screams from--the' pisoner' house beproceeded th.ere,Snd knockedinieral,times at tlasdoor. The,priSCIWrE'opened 'the door 'ad opbut hii entrne,batLhe and i-ther per-on got in, d aoked what wathe of aucii 1 Cr1ag. e teg th sm in g-et palin,'e ee eemis,b ad -vere clenclhed, anda tharb. was- a wildtes's a suther which' idued himto thintksh e ainftl Thew ittastook erup, and plaoehl h 1ero t oun l a in the pariotur.. Carroll didnot assisie;his clotheswerwe outof order, WitnesstDold him there were thdsooances of - sonte ae gul~~~~~~~~ lyn o h io etvc-te on;and thec pattrana that he thought he had attempt-ead an, aselt hpon the grl,. O dress a disarranged. Then prioner said -he VoldwaeY giveLn her two glaseoteh e,!and -that a°iof a- sudden she fell into the statsv in: which la had founl hershe beingi subjeot t-o hysterical flts4 ~Witne,es went into a back pnarour, and there saw- abed aunmme: hesout. This confirmedahis spicion, and heaskedtheprisoneI-to:saytraly what he heA given her, so that poper treatment might be re=orted to to restore her to sensibilty, and he then repeated that he hada only given her two glases of ale. ShAe she lay insensible theprisner frequently shook her and, hissed her, clhng her his dear Emma, and asked her to idss him. When her eyes mhet the prisoner's she eemed to sbraewa worse. She waosremoved tobher fathes houwe, and thepriaontendedterwads given in. charge.' Mr. Scott, surgeon, Evidlence 'was then givenb of the Inability of a medical gentleman, to. a illonghirsth - of 1)Snhai-rvoad, who examined zte girl, to attend.tgie evidence, through illness, and a cordingly his deposition was read. -It stated tha a he was called in to see the 'octrim at 5. o'clock on the fellowingom og, h he found fol her inn. state of stpor. She brd is- abouter head, shoulders, antd hip, and marks indicating a criminal assult were also found uaposi her.- ' fr. Lufi; the ugirl father, was called,, and he deposed, that though the prisoner had lived netk do-or to him for four years, they had not been in the least intimate, and his daughter a ad never shown the least symptom or hysteria. She never h a fit in her life. ho h e Mr. ve moT, in a long and- forcible t addess to the jelry, urged that there might he a great deal of- falsehooa, mixed up with a little truth, in this matter, to give the story the apperace of probability ; that the g,irl might have gonie lvo duntarily to the prisoner's house after having sent her siter out; and that she might have been suddenly seized -ithoanhysterical fit, thoughshenev had one belore. & he might, he submitted, have ver- tedothe -greaternpartofshe story to sreen herself from the blame of being there, and he dommented en theJsact that there were persons who were present on the cahsion, alfter Gaxrod got into the houise, who had not been caed on the parn of the prosecution. He saicd he should call those peIsons, - and then'if the Jury enterdn taned the least doubt upon the matter they gwoild give the prisoner the benefit of it. Mary Beasey deposed that she ivied a o1 ymiddl Copem men-tr. On te e t a s girl and the prisoner tlng' an d cher fr an hourtbefoa the occurrence; smhe was llug and lollin about the railings, - Elsa Abrahain, a maried woan, stated that she was 'In Copenbagen-street at the time, nd heard the screamnos, She saw the prisoner at the door of a house, and- he asked her tosgo and help him. Shewent in and foundea gI lying on the floor between the fronpt san baes pard iour. Mr. Garod was there, and ifitn, assisfrd hime to gther into the frcntarlour. The prisonerwentupto her and sail, "Emma, for God's sake, say, h I done anything to you She replied, "I No, you havabe not."H asked her that more than once, ha d she gave him the same answer. A doctor, -Mr. Scott, was' sent for. A policeman came hin When i. Sctt came- he ave her sometbingin cold water. Witness went into the kitchen, and on the table she saw two pltes, two hknives two tumblers, which had contained dri2n of some sort5 and somie cheese, as if two sersons lind hda supper. She asked Mr. Scott to exmine the grl, hut her did na t 3mostil he had ' been CEgein ana skntealed toe drsonerto 1o, mdensaid thaere was notingtoindcae tat ioenc hd benused. She had see pesos i fts,andth syptms esmbled those the'gir thn ehibted Se ws a th poic-court, but was nTbi call ied asawtne. Conrth frollo0wingthe morning u she caled to e how Miss luff was. Susa Mashal, f.6 Coenhgenstret,stated tha%t she assste tounres MisLuf nd o p~t erto bed. Whnile she as oin soshe(prsectri) fll ackas ifin hysterics, andknokedthehac o he hed aaintachest of drawers. (Ths ws o acout or he ruse. - heobserved nothing Robert Scott, F.P.C.S., dleposed that ho lived at Arundelr. tErrace lisrnsbury-road. - He was senLt for to see Miss -luff,) whomn he found in Carroll's -parlouar. - Z5he ws he con7sidered,. in hysterics. Two, women and -r Garrod were there hut there was such a hubbub - in the roomi that ho coAdanot my-whether Carrollispo'ke to her or not, but he thought- he asked- her something about whethLer he had done an' g to her4 and she anis~eere "No.". Carroll, when &ase by him. if he had given her anything, said she had taken two glseof. ale. HPe denied that he had gie e pirits - Witnesscould -not detect-, the smell of spirits in her breath, hut she- might'have taken. spirits and he not havesmnelt it, ashbe took- a gret deal of suuff (A laugh.) He declined at first to examiini~ her, as he thought, t'here was no one there who -could authorize him to do so. He thought it more prudenit not to do so. He treatedI her for hF,tercst and gave her- dose of laudanum and sal volatile,.after which he ordered her to be taken to bed. - He had-sot seen hersince. Her-symptms were precisely those -of a posn in ahysterical fi, hndsuh. £ts migiht come on suaaenly-with young persons of the .age?f. the, prosecutrix; or from temper. if a drisg ha been administered laudinum would not have been -a proper remedy to give, as it would havkincreaeedxather thani have dimimehbed, -the symptoms. If andrugliadbeenLadministered to her so zs to prodluce iimmed enaensibility she would -net have recovered, so son. s"ttencled thepolicecoiirt.' and thougha it was knw htho was the meIncalma first called in, he was uiot examlined as v.witness-on -the - second examination, but he as n he irs~/His~deceas~otreturnedon the depoitins.He wneindications.of violecone wlisnhe w3soal1edAir. '. - nc nhgirl Cross-extanine.-1have attended Mr.xLufi's.famnily -pro' fessionall.Y for thre Yearn or thereabouts, and I also know the prisoner as his faLmily's miedical -advsr - I heardl Mn1. lBlllhnghurst give his evidence beforea the inagistrate,-whern he described the appearance he found oni the girL. - I'hlave been 20 years in practice, and a few cases of poisoning have comne -under my notice. 'I donx't -knmow of a drug--which would-produce thei inimeaiste insensibility~ spoken of ly the prosecutrix.L Prussic, -acid -will, hut of cours that is fatal. Aconite wil produce ins~nsibility.- I knowr TayWos .Tu,is rudcinme It is -a work of authority.- Tincture of aconite wilproduce insensibilit_y; butr there srbe no intervals of acreaminig, and thepatient remains a long time under its influence Mr. SLrEiGLs-Are niotthstesyposfte admi. sisteing f acniteflasiagoffirefromthe yes,giddi-. Mx~ LEIG.-Te vr-syiptosihigirlhasdescribed. answer.- - Mr. Garrod was recallIed, and he dlenied that the prisoner askled the girl whether he had, (lone anything wrong to her in his presence or hearing. Mir. SLisre thea repliedl. Mr. OnEA,sy very carefully and impartilly summed up the evidence, The jury retired to consider their verdfict, and after a Short consultation they agreed to a verdict of Guilty, on the- second count. AL-. CREASY characterized it as a maost -vile and infamous case. and sentenceda the prisoner to 10 months' hard labour. This case occpid tIhe Court from 10 in the morning until nearly 6 in theU atroon. -
TOZICE., NON-l6trsE.-Charles Brpant, a labourer, Thoma Banks, a waterman, andRichard Sholl, atidewaiter, belonging to the Customs, were flnally eramined before the LoRD l&YOR upon a chargo of stealing a quantity of leaf tobacco from a barge lying im the river. -* -- ' Mr. Beverley, from the offioe of tUe Solicitor to the Customs, attended on thopart of the prosecution The evidence taken npon the former occasion having been read overf the prisoners, who declined saying anything in their defece, were fully committed for trial. GUThDALD .-A ^young inan, who gave his name as eorg,e Everett, was charged'with stealing, a clock, value 1ON, from a matelpiece-m. the bosrd-room of the New Zealand CorpnMs~ offices, NZo. 9, Broad-street-buildings. Alfred Green, a detctive officer, said ne knew the n*isoner well. He had been convicted three times vfor similar offenoes. The last was in 1S55, when he gt 12 monthse imprisonment. Ee hia beenlivingby such: depredations for .the last four years. A Aldernian CH S remnhded. the prisoner, andIhews remioved to the ceU below' the court. .Thd other basinews was proceeding, when a roise was heard issuing from one of the celle, and on Springate, the' gaoler, going down be found imm suspended by the neck byhis zieckerchief to one of the iron cdoors of the window that opes to givoventila tion to the cell. togieveti Alderman CHALLIs, having had the prisoner placed in the clock on recovering from th6 effects of the partial stran- atione 'asked himi how heoh could think of attempting to comnimt a crime Of so serious a nature against the laws both of his Mker anid hii countr`. The prisoner said he was afraidl, it-. would come to the knowlede of. his friends, anSd th t ws the. easo- he hed done so, ut he was now very sorry-for it. :: *Alderman, CarAnMSs asked him whyhie dlid not get r, as he,seemedintelligent and perfectly cmpetent to en an; honest living. T plsoner said anc hhad striven hard-to dO so,: molestayoneivp ai heStD w nhnethvn- 1,tbdnot been able to get much Vorkz When he had' got'into situations-where he ex-pected to be permaneet-he~ -was folowed by the police, who inormed hfis masters that he wsu a convicted folon,.and he va constequently compelled. -to leave them. Aldermaai C us said the poliee liad ds molest anyone who was getting an honest living.b - ; - Inspector Teagre said the orders the-police got weremosit stringent notto maleat any conavicted tief -who was ead:dihg a livelihood by honest industry,but to kee p a strict-watch upon, hm,SO AS to .fivent his robbing hit employteir. e The prisoner u ;e did nota omplain of the city lic for they never annoyed hinm, bort it was the metropolitan polioe that pursumedhim inoehaz.tly, and ° wherever hewent they infored thepeorle that hewas a }nicedthief.: hAlderman CHJAiIa said totep . iser mustbe nistaken, for it was diretly contrasg' tbi r instructions, and'if it wer known thait they did .imuhi thmng thiey;ould Leb n -ifr.e the > }er, Baid'h ld wkown instanbes where the ptolice Uad acted as described, and the pateshad foundl it imposadblp to keep a situation fortheai.- NeIhouht it very rigt for the police toind their eye 2nn-ticketwof-leave mnen andt such chrar;tes but when they Lad obtained situationsi w*as but fair to suppose that the ninters t made inquiry ia to their charaifed - and Wee sAtisfied:with them, or at' leot were atisfied to try themb, that they might -have in opportuniity ~of redeesnin -their loist characeWr. Alderman Cir&~xs said Iliatwas the'n viwte om mi§sioneri of.Policve took of the caae; and conatabAs' liedno6 httovoluntoerinformhtion -kothein syof the emnploy4d. Mywers, however hudtao watch2em, to peeveat~ -bi the gaolet,sidb adkow h prisoner for some years, and us. aeqUain*d wit hioprmpw name. In the intervala of lUifa oDine he lia tzie to got an h~~wIliir-g.Hew..alan&azveyor andeles-a #Alie zusness. Wahei h se v in hepison at H6o1l6iay,thig .Goverfior of the prlson=-availed himself. of h:s' ierioes i;i some portion of the building.. .,` The prisoner promisd not io repeat the off-nce, ad w'as removed -to, a cell with other . pRsonsi . Subsequently, Spngate was caled by one of thiis6ners, c- ho said he vas afraidEverett was about to make anotherattemp up-'on his life, as he had taken-his braces off, andras tysing <knots in-them, They wsere taeen from him- and a cab was at onee procured, in vewhh was-conveyedtoil-Ae:wgte, ad placed under str.ict surveillance. -.,.;- '' On tho road he said he had done all he CO to maintin himself, but everywhere he was opposed bhyhis' former couV-ions.A Before he committed the robbery he< tried to buy fourpenny worthof prsCc acidin ordertodestroyhipin7s,but the apothecary -wouldnot-se'T it to him nless be broudght somebody with him. He ultimately. said he wvould destroy himself, and if .he could- not do- so one way he would another. ' ; Sir C. M AnsAr aclcnowledged the- receipt-of 7s. in postage stampa,-frern "J. G. B. ' to.be ecnally divided between ni.L Susannah Chipp, the widow of the lae captain ofthe,Ide, who lost 3207.tnrough the failure of the loyal British Bank, and s. Palmer, the poor, womaa who lost her husband and children by the failing down of the houses in Little Swan-alley. The letter express6d a hope thatfthose who had more means at their disposal would come forward to assist these unforbunates. -- - 3BoV-sTPXEr.-Xons1eur F. Michel, professor of foreign literature, who had beenxremanded fromnliriday:L.-st on a 6harge of rape, was again placed- at the bhr before Mrf. The defendant was surrounded by 'a number of literary and orofessional gentlemen; his personal friends, by whom Mr. lewis, the solicitor, vas engaged to conduct the defence. - - lif, ~ , L enc laint, a Iyons, adelicate-looldng girl, who lived'in the service of Mr. Francis,printer, of 25, hLuseum-street, repeatedherfumierstatement, totheeffect thatthe prisoner was a lodger in the house, occupying the, _second floor; that he returnedahome on- Taesday evening, the 2dins., when she as alone iri the house- and, having desired her to take a candle into his room, took her up io his anrms, carried her into the bedroomi through the foldi doors1 and, usingsa filthy expression; -forced iher upon -the bed and coomitted the offence. The girl was now sabectedto a-long-and severe cross-e amination by Mr. LewIs,-She- sate. that the defezdaut, on entering the house, inquired if her mistres was at-home, andshe toldhim "No." Whenhetookheripinhisarms they wereinthe front sitting-rso'os She screamed and Ikickeidhim. Loud sams might be heard 'in the street. She might have scratched his eyes, out,' and now regetted that she hadnotdone so. Shedid!notliketoDs.atch his fac0 -it would have disfigured him-so mucli. He heldher upon the b'ed a quarter of an hour. She waferwards- wtshed her face, butdid not comb herhairandmakeherselflook assmart asever. Would swear she did not combherhair.. Did notnsmoothdown her drec It- was mot rumpled. ler mistress came home about hIf-past 9. Did not tell her thei, asshewas poorlyandshethouehtit wosildupsether. Didnot tell her the flrstthing next morning, not liking to do so till her master was gone. Took up a letter to- M. Micael ait about 9 o'clock, and laiulit upon the table, and afterwards took up his brealkfast things. Did not speak to him. At about a quarter to 11, when her mistress iesired her to take up two eggs to him, abe refused, stating that she- could nio wait upon that gentlemsii again. Shethen told Amr Francis what took plce the previous night and her mistress advised her to go home to her mother. She did so inthe cveunig but could not find the heart to tell her mother; but said to her, "MLs. FrAncis wants to speak to you, mother." On Friday morning her mother called on Lrs' Francis, who was the first to tell her. She (complainant) told it afterward, and her mother said she would take steps about it on 3fonday, but she- rernied two hours after with a policemand, and gaven C - Michel into -cuasod DUping all the timehbetween the TuHeday ni,ht ade Friday morning she (copplainant- continued to w;ait o'pon she fedchel, but never wpoue to-him abo*t his illtholy Would swear tcat she ws not i the hbit of having yoang men to see her Once, aboutla fortnight oefore-this occurrence, a friend ofmhers, aboy about e6s walked home with her one Sunday evening. Hr e was a cousin, enamd Tim Collins, and lived in Croh n court, Fleet-streeS. Ee was a printer, and sheaad been to see him. -se wsked home with her because it was te quarter to 1o'clock, and she feared her mistress wvouldinb angr. That, was the only time he ever came with her to the hose.' She hadnot seen him n rnce, she would swetl, h ic- - r - Mrs.- Francis, complainant's mistress, confirnied the girl's statement relative touher absence on the nightu in- 'question the interview with the mother, &c.: She made defiendant's bed alwys, but saw nothing to ex;cite her suspicion. Cross-examined.-She was much shocked on hearing ~the girl's staitement, and advised her to go home to her mother. was ,mut-awsre,if the girl had told her directlysbe returned home the previous night; that it would have shocked heimore. She ws ill, but not so ill as that.: Recollected the complainant coming home with dyouth on the-Sunday beek -previous, and she statud then it-watL her cousin; that was fO days before this occurrencer Alo wed the girl to continue waiting on Ms Michel, hut kept watchuoon her. . - r * By Mfr. J. wnen.-M. Michnel toolc breakfast at home, and ws out all day. ZHe recd on -Wednesday. at about 6 o'clock to dress, and then went ouf again. -Be reason for not tainag up the matter was that she thought the girl's mother wsthe fittest person to do so.- Ellen Lyons, complainant's .mother, awido*, stated Athat sbe lived at 5, Fuller's-rents, Holborn, ana had.:had onb room-for five years.- Her daughter never told her a word of vhat tle " beast" hza4done, but desired her to cal on dra.' Francis, wishing her to tell it, which- she did on Friday morning. Cross-examinel-The girl l-as no -young. men acquainaInces. My husband had a ;cousin named Mike olliMns, aplasterer, but he,was 50 and never had a child. I can swer the child has never had a ;qung coasin named Tim- Colins. (Thiswitness'had been out -of courtdunring the examination of her daughter.) - 'Mr. Costes,.the surgeon wvho exained the gir on F?riday last, swore that she had been -violated within' three or four days. Police-sergeanti 4 B stated* that -he apprebended- the defendant, by the direbtion of the girl's mother, on-Friday afternoon. Heo found hL1 icEel. sitingc in his room, engaged in writing. On stating the charge 3L- hel said, "I know nothinghbout-it; butI will-qo with-ou" Onreaching-the streetdoor, and seeing the girl and' her mother there, he said, " Oh, it's done to get money; it' a trick I have heard of such- tricksbein played upon foreigners, andwhenIlwasa young man,-20 years amo e1 haid to-pay forax similar case. -ButI don't:-srnt anythig of-that sortnow, forlan a. -marreidman. -Witness had since inquiiredabout the character ofthegirlandhermother, and found they were very respectable.. Er. Lewis addressed t,he cort for nearly an hour, urging the discrepancies in the girls 'statement and-the suspicios story about the cousin Tim Collins as proof that the -eharre was altogether a fabrication, probably to . - another's offence upon his client, who 'was gentleman of great li'eary eminence Wan of irreproachable characteri- - M. V. Turnbill, banstr, of 3, Stone's-buildings, Mr. Dudley Costello, and M-de Witt each' spoke'inthe highest, terms of the defendant's moral excellene, The latter gen.. tleman stated that he was one of the celebrities of F-nce a man: of Europeanreputation; andneither of thewitnesses, nsa ever herd him utter an indecdt expression. - Mr. JsA.DINE said,-My opinion- is that- this case mustl 'gobeforeajury. IamquteawareofthcdiffieiliFes oftheI case, but mmnyof them maybe accountedfor bythe extremeI younl.of the girl; forinoorsistencies of conduct ina child of 14 are not to be looked upon in the'same lighfas those of' a grown-up person of 20.- Some' lowances must be madei on this score, Still, looking at thie case in all its bearings,4 I think it is one in which I ought to admit the defendant-to bail. He must find two sureties in 200h each, besides entering into his own recognirances for 400L. to answver this icharge at the sessions. - The bail Was immediately tendered, 'and the defendant, who cried bitterly towards the close of the inquiry, left the court with his friends.- Emma Foreman and Ceciia M Axnott were brought up 'for final examination on the charge of stealing a 22M-note, jc.,from Mr. Holdsworth's chambersin ll ement's-inn. They were fully comnmitted fortriaL. - Mr.T H nzsphreds, the soliditor e for niss Anott, begged that his client, who was imderiG years ofage, iht be spared the contbamination f a i by bein admitted to icha, aeveral gentlemen of uhtefo re including -one of the benchers of the inn, hing offered to bil -her., - - ;-Mr. JCharl sTid b e shouid make no distinction in the- E3rventuay beth the girls wereI adbmtted to bail. SourwAnw,Rx-Jobn Ha rding, Austem Barray, . and iRichard Muilllens were brought before Mr. COXBEr fOrfi;;a examination, charged with breakiing into t;he prenises of -Mr. Charles Thorpe, pap airsteiner, of B2 irn, Southa . wark, and saling threfromn gold brocade and- emerald green worth upwards of 1,000g ; and Richard Bailleff, a papestahiner, of Hoxston, ws-charged with receiving theE same, wali knowing it to be stolen.gw ' Mr. Solomon appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Turnier for Baillieff. - Thomas Snabrks, foreman to the prosecu.tor, said, thlat ona the niht ci the 4th of Augusti the conntinghouso as' entered 'and robbed of large quantities of geld brocade-anid' emerald green. There -was nothing to ashowi how the 'plaOe was' robbed on that-occasion.; Ai-20 ininutostio 11 o'cloclr on thie night ofthe2Sthof August he fasteied the countng.* houses and warehouses, leaving the property all safe.'- 'n the following morn ngo at10minutestoi6o'cloc, he entered the factory, and saw -nntitiosof gold brocade strewed' about, id that the comtbigkhouse doorswerem broke oveui.' Hetlienumeda^ large quitt of hroadeandsi4 52, empty boxes lying abou, which eha left full on tbe pre-, -ious night, The continghouse- dooss -hadbeen foroed oen, and noney and potaee stamps solen. He consdserd te propery fthat his mster ad lost wa orth more than Z0000. On examining the pr s en the 3nornimIg of the 29th he found that they had entered baliubiga -ck wall, and beakidng a hole thrugl to he ounthing- Anuae, Withoe piked' up n- screwdinver, which hahemi-edt bray open the boxes and deisn a -The fctor, had been robbed f valuable pro ty for nerl lve dr and untilrthe pesent im he tieves hae eped detec . lo:seco James ackintosh' said, he was on dut atiller -mnoDy-^Bteet police-statio oyn the atrnooii of: the 4th .i* hnBaray ce to him and amid he wanted to give !himsel isp for being eceacered isithe bairlr, ad that-.he -ished to make astteient, - Wit.u 'cauoned hilw Yan tbok down hstaement, wbich~ he signed.- It wSto the -effeet that he and Hauig brohe into the pi-esecmtor'g- pre- mis between 12-ad 2 on tbe morning of the-.29thi.of Augusti an tle lare qn titisa-ofibrca hich ie rried ay-in a eabb and Hardingtsold, it-*ba t tuck to th oney. In oeonee of hatI,e wished to giC'J es'-vidseojintHardg. -Ont4ehaa d lBavd wa brougt to the eoi SaDnda enoli .vwthb, eiuieoe.e in':th.robbe6, said, 'I a nsyit:wxiir!be om1y to ik 20Zothf prT9lm< 5t y "- Blel abi, theff e cia buuss, Ia p pam 1 o'eloek on the afteroo,n of - the-- 29th of .&got Hiaa:di1s ,.4-Bma broug:ht a .b'e¢kiteo*-esag' bui. tb-h hoi sad leftzt inii h en*ry, setie46Xsir i Seyth Idt,d oui20 meafterwr de.r.BaiIe Cainein his art, w}e ber: brothe-inla, Jaes itnbinu took the budle oute of the asket ad handed ito r. Baileff, who drove off with it Other pamela ha een p- vionaly lef there and taben awray n the game ma ndr. Ifoim d, thiitbe flvd in the e hee with li t wit. nele sd >ea, inl the .mployJof Mr. DeIliffl- Sbhr before l o'd.ock, ontle afternoon of th 29tbef Augusit she latr told him to go breto big dinuer, Yli he woullfnda bundle left tere for him. Witneess did asdireotod, aid o fy terward 3fr.IBAilleffile aith hi o orse andeir andtook awy e bundle. e gave mitnless 0ls to gie to rding, wbiclbedid, and A3o'clock.the,ame afsnwp he accompei6 dhismuierto,the Glooeer' Arisn - "en they sue Hrdia t*bomllr.Bailleffeff d moer mor ney Zeary HRaunt, 3I , mXid, he apperiended Iarding w;, heSt1UIOW1.8~ ihatbeand hi ay comniittedthe: *o es tri.t -, he aerars H pprehended iBsil wrho deniedaU kl snpledge of receivnug she propert;y.. OeorrE Cos, 499 1, said, rhe apprehended hiuflens i r wars in Slhorediteb Worlkhouse. -Xe ws extrEeely ilJ; and. when.b told him. wrat.'-he wated,;him for -a said it wsall tre; }e did isst Harding mid Birry -*ii break into the proeutors premiseis on the 4 ID o ef . and on the 29th, aid that the prope s old toB At th. sme time he lidtat Hardg stuck toallthe money. *Witsnes cautioned him, and hemadea corfew [inwriting, Tmnpector Klaointoh informed his rworship that thiee Imsnotherpearon -with thenrobbery, athethi'i .a "id t1 thatUee :e _*y oonfeged, wahgt Md Ihad done them out of their "reglars" i -Xr. Thorpe also sted thtlhe haiL beenrobbedf:r1hk lu Lfi e eas of propert amounnting. to' nearlyJ 2,000. nd,pnior tothfe prioners being ipprchenfled'oe hid offred .ag ewrds. . *Thelengthy d pousonhang been taken,a tr.heC_sI& ccintedr Seanll ners for trial at the .next OYI Bailey ,- ssso
-DE TOCQUTVILES FsRANCE BEFORB TEE REVOLUTIOLV OF 17S9.* (ConelMda from f2irn i<of Septe-'ber .3). In the prostration of secondaT PoNwers before the t.nfral authority the independence of the -French 3udicatare was an illusory safeguprd. The latter has been 7auded and set forth as a Palladium,. but the limits of its operation have not been taken into account. In no country in Europe' were Se ordinary Courts of justice less dependent on the Government' than in France; but in no ciaontry were extraordinary courts of justise more extenriively employed. The reason of this is. evident. tuge wing as all but powerless in relation to the judges of the land, as he could neither dismiss them 31or translate them, nor even, for the most part, promote them. Asheheldthem neither by ambiSion nor by fear, it was his policy to call into being, gs it were beside them, a seies of tribunal more ,'dependent on himself. If such tribunal presented to the subjects of the Crown some semblance of justice without any real cause for the Crown to dread its control, the object -of its creation was rscompe hed. Tothis effect, inbthe last century of -the monarchy at vriety of matters wvere, by meant of edicts and orders in Councl, withdrawc, ab inibio, from the ordinary tribunals, and referred exclusively to the Intendants and the CounciL. Other ma*ters were similarly transferred bywvay of wvhat wYas termned ccXocasion-nprocess analogous, to our writ of cer- iorari-end taus eventually the exception became t-he rule, and a theory was invented to justify the fact. "It came to be regarded as a maxim of State that all suits inwhichi public interests were involved, or which arose out of the construction to be put on any act of the Administration, -were not within the competency of the ordinary judges." In more recent times this principle has been embodied in a formula, but the idea and the fact preceded the :Revolution. The Intendants took the greatest care that this exceptional jurisdiction should be continuaUly extended. They -urged on ie Controller-General and stimulated the CounciL The reason one of thesae officers assigned to induce the Council to call up one of these suits deserves to be remembered. s"An ordinary judge," said he, " is subject to fixed rules, which compel him to punish any trans-gression of the law; but the Council can always set aside rules for a useful purpose." Partly as a consequence of this. aggre.ive spirit the judicial and administrative powers previous to the Revolution were strangely confounded. The Government coninuaUy invaded the sphere of the judicial authorities, -while these, - on the other hand, j'ere sometimes alowed to enact regulations on :matters of public administration, and which were ~quite as clearly beyond their judicial functions. .l\Iodem French jurists have 'indeed remarked the evil arising from the latter kind of transgression, but the former is more widely and permanently mischievous. " The intervention of a judicial authority in administrative business is only injurious to the transaction of affairs, but the intervention of administrative power in judicial proceedings depraves mankind, and tends to render men at once revolutionary and servile." The exemption of the agents of administration from the jurisdiction of the ordinary tribunals without the special assent of the Government-was prorided for irreguLarly previous to the Revolution. sEut a clause to this effect has invariably formned paxt of the nine or ten constitutions which have been established in France within the last 60 years. The administrative body still calls the privilege secured to them by this article one of the great conquests of 1789, but in this they also are mistaken; the protection existed in substance before, and an express sanction only has been added subsequently. " What is this, " says M. de Tocqueville, reviewing these arrangements, " but the centralization with which we are so well acquainted 'Its forms were less marked than they are at present, its course rwas less regulsr, its existence more disturbed; but it is the same being. It has not been necessary to add or to withdraw any essential condition; the removal of all that once surrounded it at once exposed it in the shaDe that now meets our eyes." -But how came these institutions to be established in France amid the ruins of feudalism? It was a -work of patience, of address, and of time, rather Than of force or of absolute power. " There is nothing to show that the Government of the old French Monarchy followed any deliberately concerted -plan to effect this difficult operation. That Goveraneae merely obeyed the instinct winich leads all Governments to im at. the exclusive management of affairs-an instinct which ever remained the same in spite of the diversity of its agents. TheMonarchyhadleft to the ancient powers of France their venerable names and their honourg, but it had gradunally subtracted from them their authority. They ad not been ex-pelled but enticed out of their domains. By the indolence of one mnan, by the egotism of another, the Government had found means to occupy their places. Availmg itself of all their vices, never attempting to correct but only to supersede them, the Government at last fond means to substitute for almost all of them its own : ole agent, the Intendant, whose very name was unknown .when those Dowers which he supplanted came into being." "The first outbreak of the Revolution destroyed this grand instituton of the Monarchy, but it was restored in S1QO. It was not, as has so often been said, the principles '-of 1789 w-hich triumphed at that time and ever since in the public administbation of France; but, on the contrary, the .princples of the administration anterior to the Revolution, .which then resumed their authority and have since retained it. " If I am asked how this fragment of the state of society anterior to the Revolution could thus be transplanted in its entirety, and incorporated into the new state of society which had sprang up, I answer that if the principle of centralization did not parish in the Revolution, it was because that principle was itself the precursor and the commencement of the Revolution; and I add that 'when a people has destroyed aristocracy in its social constitntion, that people is sliding by its ovn weight into centralization. Much less exertion is then required to drive it down that declivity than to hold it back. Among such a people a:l powers tend naturally to unity, and it is onlv by great ingenuity that they can still be kept separate. The democratic Revolution which destroyed so many of the institutions of the French Monarchy, served therefore to consolidate tne centralized administration, and centralization seemed so naturally to find its place in the society which the Revolutlon had formed that it might easily be taken for its off- spring." The similitude of system before and after the PRevolution engendered a similitude of persons and of personal relations. The administrators of those times and the administrators of our own seem to join hands across the abyss which lies between them. The Mlinisters of the Crown had already conceived the design of taking actual cognizance of every detail of public business throughoutFrance. For example, if a refuge for mendicity was to be erected, the inister must bse informed of the names of the beggars who frequent it, when they arrive, when they depart, &c. In order to direct everything from Paris it was necessary even then to adopt a system4 -of cnecks and counter-checks, to fill a mass of paper * With the requisite information, and to pro- ceed vith the most tedious slowness to avoid *mistnkes. AL de Tocqueville . used to believe that the taste fdr statistics belonged exclusivelyto the administrators of the present day, .nut in this respect also he confesses the discoverv of his error. At the time immediatefy preceding the Revolution, bv means of the Government hierarchy, small 'printed ' tables were from time 'to time filled up- with a 'variety of "returns," and the informationthus' ,obtained was neither less circumstantialnor more Zccurate than that afforded under similar circumstances by the Sub-prefects and MWayors at the pre-' *aent day. The official language of the two periods is also strikingly alike, equally flowsingO and colouarlest, saving the period wvhen administrative com-position reflected the "sensibilities" of Diderot - and Rousseau. At that date, if the 'sun offered by a parish as a complement to 'the donation of the Government for charitable' purposes was regarded as suf}icient, the ControllerGeneral wrote on the margin of the' list of contributions, "loo0d, express satisfaction ," but if the: aum was considebTe he wrote, 'c Good, express vzntsfaction and sensibility." The Administration then exhibited the same jealousy as now of all1who! were not within its palo. At lIoked harxhly.upon the: ;grnat industrial comeianies and the smallest voluntary associations. Itmade some remarkable efforts -to acqu7ire a control over the press, and evinced a most econsistent indifference to legal maxims. "Without" *aays M. de Tocqueville, "seeing the -workina of the 'Administration under the old French Government in the scret docuriientswhich are still in existenco, it is inmgssible to iiil'Rine t-he contenmpt into' which the *La eventually fas, even in the eyes of thoze charged with the application of it, -when there are no longer 'either political ""-en bies or public jomals-:to vihek the ce.pricious activity, or to set bonmds, to the arbitray and chang,eable hlumourof the Ministers -and their departments.". The consequence wYas that -1l clazwes accustomed wo the control of the admi- 0n t?-e S-ate of Society ira France lefore tze RBio-tdon oif 170; cnd on the Causes w)hidd lkd b Mkat 2Brent. By Alexi dc, rToqueville, Member of the French Academy. Lranzilted by Henry Reeve. London ; furray, 18W6. nistration looked to its in'tervention for the solatiD n of all their difficulties. Every petitioner entreated that tlhe established ordei of things should, be s3et aside in his favour wiflh as much' vehemenice and authority as if he were demanding that it should be properly enfob_ed. Even, the elder rabeiu, ..who designated the Inteiidants "intruders," and who was strongly imbued- with-the notion of ithe rights of his order, leoked to the action of the central authority to -realize his visionary schemes. The agi.cutuists, as MI. de Tocq,udville illustrares by a sing,ular example, ware disposed to think that, if agriculture did afot improve it was the fault of the Gpovermnent, which did not give them hufficicat advice and assistance. It is a melancholy ta-b says he, to read- the mass of petitions then sent up, and which really concern only small individual interests. "The boxes in which they are contained.are, perhaps, the only place ;in which all the classes composing 'that society of France which has long ceased to exist are sfill mingled." Even the proudest nobles, who usually addressed the Intendant as "MIonsieur," under these circumstances invariably called him " Monseigneur." Such facilities, even to the extemit of tis artificial suppleness of public habits and sentiments, existed for the re-establishment of a centralized, system. ' The men of 1789 ovsrthrew the political edifice, but its foundations remained deep in the very minds of the destroyers; and on these foundations it was easy to build it up anew, and to biuild it more stable than it had ever been before." It was no novelty, M. de Tocqueville goes on to show, that Paris henceforth should be the soul of France. It contained at the time the Revolution brolke out no more inhabitants than NIew York does now; yet, even tvhen, it had an influence which neither NTew York nor Lon-don, with the population of a k;ingdom, have yet exerted. In the time of the Frondo Paris was no more than the larg,est city in France. In 1789 it was already Frauce itself. As early as 1740 Iontsquieu w;rote to one of hlis friends,-" Niothing is le£t in France but Paris aud th trovinces, because Paris has not yet had time to devour them." The elder MEirabeau remarhed the "silent revolution," which' was depriving 'he provinces of rank and business capacity. The Goverunment itself sawY with apprehension the daily extension of Paris, and issued ordinances to prevent its increase, but a,U of these in vain. Arthur Young, whom littie escaped, observed of a provincial town that "these people do not even venture to have an opinion until they know what is thought at 'Paris." The Constituent Assembly destroyed the ancient French provinces, to the astonishment of Burke, who said, " This is the first time that we have seen men tear their native land in pieces in so barbarous a manner." No doubt, says ll. de Tocquevile, it appeared like tearing in pieces living bodies, but,in fact, it wasonlycorpsesthatthevdismembered. At the same time Paris was becoming a manufacturing town. During the 60 years which preceded the Revolution its artisans were more than doubled; wrhereas during the same period the general population of the citvy had scarcely increFased one-Thirdl. Thus Paris was not only the commandling fortre3ss of France, but the gatherinlg place of the popular army which was about to cictate to its governors. It is a further observation of MI. de Tocqueville that F3rance was at this time the country in which men had come most to resemble each other. The men of various classes wlo were placed above the commoh people had grown remarkably alike, as their separate instructions to the Orders of the States-General indicate. Not only was the Government uniform, but it was uniformly regarded by the governed. The middle-class man was as enlightened as the noble, and his acquirements were derived from the same source. The same light shone upon both. Their education had been equally theoretical and literary. Paris, which became more and more the sole preceptor of France, had ended by giving to all minds one common form and action. Yet, though s rmilar, Frenchmen were more divided than ever in7to small groups, foreign and indifferent to each other, and' no persons were consequently so il prepared to act in common or to afford eaeh other a mutual support during a crisis. They were divided of course by the distinction of gentiThem7me and 'ofOu- ier. They had also little business in common. They had ceased to come into contact in public life, and they never met but by accident, in private. They were palpably and offensively divided in the vearly tax-paper, which drew, as it were, a fresh line of demarcation betwveen them with the sharpness and precision of its annual schedules. Nor was it, as Burke supposed, a compensation that the middle classes could be easily ennobled by acquiring an office. The middle classes in England accord with the aristocracy because its outline is indistinct and its limits unknown; but the French roturier who became ennobled passed across a chasm which his change of position did nothing to contract or hide. The tier?s eta consequently displayed even more irritation against the newly-ennobled than against the old nobility; and, far from demanding that the bridge of passage should be widened, they incessantly and urgently required that it should be contracted. The middle classes again had withdrawn into the towns where they aspired to become public functionaries, where every man wanted to be something "by command of the King," and where, according to the system which prevailed, they could purchase a great variety of offices. TPheir varnity invented and insisted on other distinctions, until each of them clung to his own particular condition only because a particular condition was the distinguishing mark of others; and yet these men, who stood so tenaciously aloof from each other, had become so extremely similar that if they had exchanged positions no distinction could have beeni traced between them. They were divided from each other, and yet so alike that they could neither organize themselves to resist tyranny nor to support lawful authority. How different was the case in England, where political freedom and local franchises bad compelled its different classes to remain within reach of each other ! "It is curious to observe how the British aristocracy, urged even by its own ambition, has contrived, when it seemed necessary, to mix familiarly wvith its inferiers, and to feign to consider them as its equals. Arthur Young, whom I have already q,uoted, and whese book is one of the most instructive wors wvhich' exist on the former state of society in France, relates that happening to be one day at the country-honse of the Diue do la Rochefoucaud, at La Rloche Guyon, he expressed a wish to converse with some of the best and most wealthy farmers of the neighbourhood. 'The duke had the ldndness to order his steward to give me all the information I wanted relative to the agriculture of the conutry, and to speak to such persons as were necessary on points that he was in doubt about. At an English nobleman's house there would have been tbree or four farmers asked to meet me, who would have dined with the family a-&on- ladies of the first rank. I do not exaggerate when I say tbas I have had this at least an hundred times in the first louses of our islands. It is, however, a thing that in the present statc of manners in France would not be met with from Calais to BayQnne, except by chance in the honse of some great lord, who had heennuchin E1ngland, and then notunless it were asked for. I once Imew it at tho Duoko do L iancourt's.' "Unquestionably theErglish anstocracyis of a haughtier nature tan that of France, and less disposed to mingle familiarly vth thosewholive in a humercondition; but the obligations of its own rank imposed that duty upon it. it submitted that it might command. For centuries no inequality of taxation has existed in England. except such e-empgions as have been successivey introduced for the relief of the indigent classes. Observe to what results different politicalprinciples mayleadnationsso nearlycontignous. In the 18th century the poor man in England enjoyed the privilege of exemption from taxation; the rich in France. In one country the aristocracy has taken upon itself the heaviest public burdens, in order to retain the (overnment of the State; intheotherthe aristocracy retained to the last e-emptmon from taxation as a compensation for the loss of political power." M. de Tocq-_eville maintains that this difference between the political institutions of France tnd England may be traeed to a point of divergence in the time of Charles VII. At' that date the maxim, "'No tax without the consent of the taxed""s'inmyose q2u stc -veut' (the keystone of the-English arch)-appeared to be as fimly estab7ished in France as in -England. But the French nobility had the :baseness at that day to allow the middle and lower classes to be taxed -on the condition that its own exemption should be maintained. On this - proceeding Philippe de Comines remarked, with i'are sagacity :-" Charles VII7. who gained the- point of laying on the NMiU' at 'his pleasure, withotCt the consent of the States of theRealmn, laid a.heavy burden on his'scul arid on that of his successors, and 'gave a wound. to his 'kingdom which will not soon be closed." EHow that wolund wesit on widening -with the coufss; of ye'rs AL de Tocqueville traces carefully, 'stp- by step Such statesmen as MIazarnn contributed to the mischief by heaping burdens on those least able to defend themnielves. 'The.Great Louis waa a grave offiender2 and anong so many Prices remarkable for their rab AV-sometimnes remarkable for tsgenius,there; inly one who made aneffort to bngo togethe. ' itiferenit ciasses of ' 7his people',' and - "that Pz.ince-for sach. are the inscrutable judgments of Providence-was liouis XW."1 A variety of causes combined to give the Revolation -which was approaching by these variou3'agencies its extraordinary character. Among others, the irregular-iberties which still existed, and which nministeredtk disorder. TheStateinselling its offices was incessantly reduced to act through: instruinents which it had not forgeed, and which it could; not break. It was far less able to seduce as well as to compel. It was imperfectly acquainted with the I]imiats of its power, and, though its range of. action was already immnense, that action was still hesilatinffl and uncertain, as of one who gropes along a. dark andunknovm track. "It is strikin^v to observe, in reading the correspondence of the French Iinisters and Intendants of -the eighteenth. century, how this Govermment,which was so absolute and so encroaching so long as its authority was not contested, stood aghast at the - aspect of* the least resistance; agitated by the slightest criticism, alxmed by the slightest noise, ready on all such occasions to stop, to hesitate, to parley, to treat, and often to fall considerably below the natural limits of its power." It recoiled froni those who faced it, or trampled without hesitation on none but those whom it did not see. On the other hand, the nobles retained somewhat of their ancient Spirit; the clergy were not prepared for passive obedience to the Sovereign by unqualified subordination to their bishops; and the judicature of France preserved its independence. The people generally were exempt from some of the strongest temptations to servility. They "Knewlittle of that sort of passion for comf,Xt which is the mother of servitude-a relaxing passion, though it be tenacious and unalterable, which mingles andintertwines itselfwith many private virtues, sulch as domestic affections, egnlarity of life, respect for religion, and even -with the nkewarmu, though assiduous, practice of public worship, hich favonr propriety,hutproscribesheroism and excel. in making decent livers, hut base citisens. The men of the 15th century wvere better, and they wvere eworse." For a long time, also, France had been the most literary of the nations of Europe, and her men of letters had become her leading politicians, though not personally mixed up with the details of her Government. These men might differ otherwise, but they all agreed in desiing to substitute simple and elementary rules, deduced from natural law, torthe complicated traditional customs which governed the society of their time. The ears and hearts of the people were open to them from the similarity of their inexperience, and they were thus enabled to promulgate dreams of an ideal polity in entire substitution -for their actual Government, while they imagined that theycould effect this substitution without a concussion. At the crisis of their dreams came the American Ravolution, which apparently gave reality to that rrhich they had excogitated. "It was," says3M1. de Tocqueville, availbig himself of a happy recollection, "as if Fen6lon had suddenly found himself at Salenhun." The completion of a revolutionary education by the re]igious passions of the age, by the reckless use of dangerous expressions in the ear of the public, as if the framers of pitS documents imagined they were living in a countrgs like Galicia, where the peasants spoke another language, and, lastly, by the revolutionary example- of the Crown, in its contempt for private possessions and pubLic rights, wre necessarily pass over. 3I. de Tocqueville sums up his observations by repeating their results-that the feudal system in Frnce, although in its decadence, retained all that could irritate or injure; that the nobles had kept and even increased their pecuniary immunities, but had lost their political functions and powers, had become less and less an aristocracy, and more and more a caste; that a centralized Goverrmnent had usurped all local powrers in three quarnters of the territory of France, that Paris had thus become the mistress of a kingdom of wvhich it had formerly been but the capital, that there vwere no longer any. free institutions, any political classes, any organized or disciplined parties, and that, in the absence of these regular forces, the direction of public opinion, wvhen publiac opinion again came into play, devolved, almost exclusively on the Frzench philosophers; that, nevertheless, no 10 mbn could act systematically and in concert; that boolhs supplied a theory, and that the mnltitude, disorgaiized, blindly adapted it to the impulse of their -passions, to their jealousy and savagehatred. *M.L de Tiocqueville bids us remark their simultaieduX development of twro desires-the love of eqult and the love of liberty. At the outset of the2-Revolution these were combined, hut the love . of the second was damped .and discouraged by~ the anarchy wrhich ensued, while the machinery already existed. which wras to satisfy the first, and which was easily disentangled from the surrounding ruin by the man wrho wras to continue the Revolution and to destroy it. The Dominator fell, but his work remained standing. " His Government had perished, but the administration survived; and every time that an attempt has since been made to strike down absolute power all that has been done is to place a head of Liberty on a servile body." To the completion of such a revolution with such incidents nevertheless we must take into account the p eculiar genius of the French peop)le, and of this genius M. de Tocqueville draws a picture wrhich is as exquisitely translated as it is splendid in the original. Thus it runs in the version of :Mr Reeve: "WVhen Iconsider this nation in itself it strikes meo as mnore extraordinary than any event in its owvn annals Was there ever any nation on the faco of the earth so full of contraits and so estremne in all its actions; mnore swayed by sensations, less by principles; led therefore alwvays to do either sorse or hatter than wss expected of it, sometimnes below the com2mon level of humnanity, sometimes greatly nbove it,-a people so unalterable in its leading instincts, that its likeness may still be recognized. in dfescriptions written 2,000 or 3.000 yesrs ago, hut at the same time so mutable in its daily thoughts and in its tastes as to become a spectacle and an amasement to itself; and to vb as much surprised as the rest of the world at the sight of what it has done; a peonle beyond all others the child of hemo and the slave of habit, when left to itself, but when once torn against its will from the native hearh, and from its daily puranits, ready to go to the end of the wvorld and to dare all things; indocile by temperament, yet accepting the arbitry end ieven the violent rule of a sovereign more readily than the free and regula3r Government of the chief citizen; to-day the declared enemy of all obedience, tomorrowv serving wsith a sort of passion which the nations best adapted forservitude cannot attain; guided bya thread as long as no one resists, ungovernable when the' example of resistance has once been given; alwass deceiving its masters, who fear it either too little or too much;' never so free that it is hopeless to enslave it, or so enslaved that it may not break; the yoke again;* apt for all things, hbu esxcelling only in wa4r; adoring chance, force, success, splendour, and noise, more than true glory.; more capable of heroismn than of virtue, of genius than of good sense, ready to conceive immense designs rather than to consunnate great undertakings; the most brilliant and the most dangeroufs of the nlations of E2lrol2e and that best fitted to bacome by turns an object of aemiration, of hatred, of pity, of terror, but nlever of indifference ! " Snob a nation COUld alone give boirth to a BRevolution so sudden,so radical, so Impetuous in its course, and yet so full or reactions, of contradictory, incidentsh, and of con.- *trary examples. Without the reTasons I have .related the French would never have made the 31evolution - but it must he confessed that arll these reasons united wonifd not have suflced to acocunt for such a Revo)lution anywhere else hut inrance." X - - : WVe have probably by this timle made i,t clear to our readers that M. de Tocqueville has produlced a most liportat book a book almost entirely full of unknowvnfacets conducing to viewzs of history which are truly discoveries, and those discoveries of permanent value. The present is but a portion, however, of that further work wvhich he promises, and wshich will give s the appylication of all his iuve;tigations, for both this and his former book on America are,, as we. conceive: them, but detached portions of the same labour-the literary labour of his life-the estimatewof the prospects of society in the present, stage of its development. To this intent both these books afford us certain data,; both mark some indications 'which may serve us in our passage through the unknown sea. We liken M. de Tocqueville to our navigators of the Polar deep, who have made certain broad inferences from the currents they have encountered, and we conceive that such inferences ma2y be judiciously expanded in the spirit which he himself appears to contemplate. 3f. de Tocqueville points to these inferences briefly in another fine passage which we cannot -forbear quoting, and- in -which, also, he comisistently contr5:s Freedom and Despotisn. Here'are his conclusions and their. apjHication: - - "Amd the darkness of the fature three truths mar be clearly discovered. The first is, that all the men of ocr time are impelled by an unknown force which they may hone t regulate and to check, but not to conquer-a force which sometimes gently moves t-hem, sometimes hurries them along, to the destruction of aristocracy. The second is, tat-of all the communities in the world those which will alwaysbe least able permanently to e4cape from abiute government are precisely the communities in which aristocracy has ceuied to-eis and can never exsut 3ui. -Lastly; thethd xt hatderposmr ovhreproducesmore perniciouls !efcstainthesa some communities, for more than 'any other form of Govcrnment despot~nm favours tile n,wthe allt1 he vices to w hich such sooietie are specially hableasi4 Ehus throws an additionalweight on that side to which by their natural inclinatior, they werte already prone. '- lien in such o untrees, being no longer connected tofether, by any ties of cast, of class, of corporation, of amily, are but too eatil" inclined to think of nothing but their-Private intere.ts,4ever too ready to consiaer themseves only, and to sink ntn the nurow precincts of self, in-which ill public virtue is extinguish6d: . Despotism, instead of combating this tenidency, renders it Irresistible, for it deprives its subjects of every common passion, of every mutual want, of all necessity of combining together, of all occasons of acting together. It imnures them in private life; they already tended to separation, despotism isolates them; they 'were already chilled in their mutual regard, despotism reduces them to ice. - " In such societics, in which nothing is stable, everyms is incessantly stiumlated by the fear of falling and byeagarness to rise; and as money, while it has become the principal mark by which men are classed and distinguished, has acquired -an extro rdinary mobility, passing without cessa. tion from hand to hand, transformms; the condition- of persons, raismngor lowering that of families, thereis scarcely a man 'who is not ccanpelled to make desperate and continual efforts to retainL or to acquire it. The desire to be rich at any cost, the love of business, the passion of lucre, the pursuit of comfort and of mate.il pleamsres, are therefore in suach communiEtes the prevalent passions. They.are easily diffused through all classes, they penetrate even to those clsseswhich had hitherto been most free from them, and would soon enervate and degrade them all, if n6thing ehecked their influence. But it is of the very essence of despotism to favour and extend that induence. Thsesedebilitating passions assist its work; they divertand engross the imaginations of men away from public affairs, and cause them to tremble at the bare idea of arevolution. Despotism alone canlend them the secrecy and the shade 'which put 6upidity at its ease, and enable men to make dishonourable gams -while they brave dishonour. Without despotic government such passions would be strong; with it they are. sovereign. " Freedom. alone, on the contirary can efectually couM7 teract in communities of this kind the vices which are natural to them, and restrain them on the declivity along which they glide. For freedom alone can withdraw the men,bers of siuch a community from the isolation in -which tho very independenco of their condition places them by compelling them to act together. - Freedom alone can wam and unite themndayby day by the necessity of mutual agree. roent, of mutualpersuasion, and mutual complaisanceinthe transaction of their common affairs. Freedom alone can tear them from the 'woiship of money, and the petty squabbles of their private.inteeasts, to remind, them and makethem feel that they have s. country above them and about them Reedom alone can E ometimes supersede the love of comfort by more energetic a5d more exalted passions-can supply ambition with larger objects than the acauisition of xichescan create the lignt which enables us to see and to judge the vices and the virtues-of mankind. "Democratic coinniunities which are not free may be rich refined, adormed, magnificenti powerfil, by the weight of their uniform mss; thoy n may contain many private merits, good fathers of families, honest traders, estsinable men of property; n?y, many good Christians will be found there, for t eir country is not of this 'world, and the glory of their faith isto produce such men amid the greatest de. p ravity of manners sid under the worst Governments. The .oman empire in its extreme decay was fnUl of such men. But that which, I an confident, will never be found in sUch societies is a great citizen, or, above all, a great people; nay, I do not hesitate to affirm that the common level of the heart andthe intellect-wll never cease to sink as long as equality of conditions and despotic power are combined there. * Thus I thought and thus I wrote 20 years ago. I confess that since that time nothing has occurred in the world to induce me to think or to write otherwise. Eaving enpressed tho good opinion I had of freedom at a time when reedomwas in favouir, I may be allowed to persist in that o;inion though she be forsaken." In conclusion, it may be almost superfluous, after the proofs we have given, to observe that Nlfr. Reeve, who translated the lemocraey in Ameriea, has throughout this volume done justice to his original. The rare felicity -with which he renders into English has only been equalled by the opportuiity as rare of counling his name worthilv ovith two immortal works.
PUBLIC WORXJS I INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-1 think 35 years' actual experience in the management of public works in Itndi, during, which I have been employed in the executionlof many new orks of great magnitude, may justif y me in offering fori isin n your paper the enclosed memorandum, wshich is the result of thae expe-rience. I should observe that ip is a lowv entsmate of average resul1ts in different districts, and that it is £ar belowr the actual results in the only district in India in wzhich such a coursa has been steadily pur sued, that is, in Tanjore. The results of SO.years there is this-the expenditure on new works and improvements has been about 250,0001., or 5,0001. a-year ; the numbei of miles of practicable road made has been quite 1,000, or 40 niles perannum. The increase of revenue has beenfrom320,0001.to520,0001.or2OO,O01.peramnnu -4,0001. each year. The increase of private income, ans shown by the increased saleable value of land alone, cannot be less than 200,0001. a-year. In this case, therefore, tha expenditure -has been only half what is here supposed, and the increase of revenue more than half as rauch again. In the district of Rajahmundry, the only one in which a thorough system of improvement has been begun, including both irrigation and water transit, an outlay of about 3030001. a-year, or 180,0001. in all, has in sin; yeasproduced an increase of revenue o 60,0001. ayear, and of exports from 30,0001. per annum to 250,000Tr. in the last year. These two districts, t<herefore, nmuch more than support the estimate of the nemorandum. - - I remaain. vonms ohedi£nt1v ARTHUR (NOTTOG, LAW %,Met Zns.'Meer at.Uadr" " ESTTLuFD 1FF o? OF oPEspD5?G A POPwTON Or REVEN UM. OW A Nxw DISTRICT:- "'Suppose that its revenue is 200,0001. a-year, that i is entirely without commnon roads, and that the greatest part of the population are supplied from land that is not irrigated. " This was the state of every ditrict when taken possessionl of by us, and is to this day with most. We may safely allow that excellent roads can be made for 2001. a-mile, and that an acre of land can be irrigated by c eapital of 1U. " The saving of carisge on a made common road, compared with an unimproved track, may be safely taken at 2d. a-ton a-mile; and additionalmalue of the produce on an acre of land irrigated, allowing a deduction for additional labour, may be taken at 11, on a very low estmate. " "Now, let us suppose that out of the 200,0001. of revenue, 10,0001. only is spent on new works-viz., on 25 miles. of road an& the irrigation of 5,000 acres. Then, at the end of 1O years there willbe 250 miles of good road and 50,000 acres of additional irrigation. "1 Allowing that onmly 30 tons a-day pass on an average along the roads, and that as much is saved in the transit of passengers as of goods, the annual saving on the new roads will be 250 miles x 30 tons x 2d x 2d x 310 day's = 40,0001.,- and the annual saving by the irrigation waill be 50,000 acres at ll. = 50,000Z., or together 00,001. a-year. -" If now the roads were left free of tolls, and one-half of the additionalvalue of crops on the land were taken as revenue, the district,would yield an additional revenue of 25,000l. a-year, or the re-venue would be increased to 225,000l. a-year, and the people would have a clear advantage, after paying this new revenue, of 65,0001. a-year, which would be the same as if the tax had been reduced from 200,0001. a- .year to 110,0001. or rather, the benefit would be incalcaulably greater than this, for the healtby stimulus that oom. mnunicatsoneand consequent trade wouald give to the district .would have an immense effect upon the energies of the .peop,le.. - The following table would show the progress of such a .distrnct, and how momentary would be tho deficiency of revenue from procceding upon such a plan. "IThustherewould beoon thisplan alossof revenueup to the end of five yars, when it wou2ld amount to 25,0001. ^ but it does not allow for the certain increase there would be in the other taxes (not on land} in consequence of the people -having gained in the mean time 66,000l. " At the end of 1O years thter would be a clear gain in revenue of 12,5007., a clear gain to the peonle of about 300,0001*, en. annal increase of reveinue of 2ZSOL;;and of -net income to the people of 5S,0007. "This estimate is miade from abundance of actual results. -In some districts there would be natural facilities for canals which woul d be farmore profitable than roads, and in manv the t*ic would be five or ten times what is here supposed= T "This calculation is the p roper answer.to the old excuse for sloth and indifference, that wo coulid 1ot affor7 to improve the districts. lVhat would now be the state of our dishicts and our finances if they had had 50 years of such manaagement.
CITY COMMISSION Op SE IEFXPS Yesterday the first court since the holydays 'was held for the despatoh of_public business, Mr. Deputy Peoo occupied the chair. Tl LATrE FAT ACO ODlT flb INTLE SWAN.-ALS Mr. T. A3scAHAx-moved- "That it be referred to the. General Purposs Conunittee to inquire into ihe cause of the falling of the house in Little Swan-alley and into the worldng of the present sysem of house inspecticn, vwith especial reference to dangerous structure% and also whether it is necessary to make any Zid-what alteration of system, ana to report thereon to this commission." , Mr. Ross.L-Before my friend proceeds 'with that motion I should like to know whether any r.port respecting the falling down of the house has heen sent to the commission by the surveyor. Mr. DIAw (the chief clerk).-Yes. *Mr. :Ross.-Then that report ought to be read at once; it is very desirable that the commission should be made ac ni l -with its contents. DFr ER .-Has a copy of the verdicit been sent here? Mr. DAW.-Yes; I have !received an official communication fom the coroner. Mr. Woodthorp, the -district Burveyor, caled upon me on Tuesday last, and informed me of the accident that hd ocnrred at an ealy hour .hat morning in Little Swan-alley, and he wished to kmow whether, as the commission was not sitting, he was justified or not in shoring up the adjoining house -without their instractions. I told him I was quite sdre the commission would justify him in taldng immediate steps for the pmeservrtion of life and limb, and in lessthan sa hourafterwards thepremisewi sreahored up (Hear.) I niow. beg to read to the Court the followsng letter addressedto -the Chairman of thi Board by the coroner:- - - -SL,-At an inquest held by me at St, Bartholomew's Hospital on the-5th-inst, on the bodies of the parties who were kdlled by the falling of the house, No. 9, Little S wanalley, Coleman-street, in the city of London, at which inquset Mr. Deputy Hale was present, the jury (of which r. Perkins, a member of the Common Council was the foreman) returned a verdict of ' accidental death,' and accompaniedtheir verdict with the following recommendation :-'That the jury earnestly recominmend to the Commissioners of Sewers that they would authorize a sDecial survey forth-with to be mande of all buildings inthe city of London that from age or other cause may be supposed to be out of substatial repiur. -- "'In compliance 'with the wish of the jury I have the honour to hand you acopy of such recommendation, and- 'To "W re. SAr,deuy.ourcntfaervaonto <rT the ChairanP of tNhe ,Commission of Sewersond". -DeputygAIE said that the house next the one that fell most assureffly would speedily have tumbled down if it had not been shored up, and he was quite sure that the: Court would sanction the order giventothe districb surveyor to get itdone without the least delay. (Hear, hear.) Hethought the jury, who had thoroughly investigated the cauoe of the accident in the course of a lenRgthened inquiry, had given a very wholesome verdict, 'with a recommendation that a survey should be made of all dilapidated houses in the city. (Hear, hear.) MIr. ABK&m43cs then proceeded with his motion, saying that he certainly thought it necessary, and that it was a duty incumbent upon the commission, in justice to itself, and in order to satisfy the great complaints of the public, forthwith to institute an inquiry into the cause of the falling of the house, which had been attended 'with such fatal and lamentable consequences, because, if the facts ;were as he had heard them stated, the officers belonging to the commission would not be altogether relieved from the imputation of not having fully discharged their duty. Mr. Roberts the surgeon, had told him (Mr. Abraham) thatvery morning that no less than four years ago he gave information to the late Medical; Offlicer of Sealth, Mr. Simon, vith repect to three houses in Swan-alley, the faing down of one of which had been attended with fatal consequences to some and serious injury to others. Mr. Rioberts stted that he accompanied Mfr Simon to,inspect these houses, andthathe told him that they were not safe for human habitation, on account of their dilapidated and dangerous condition. Mr. Simon, it appeared had ordered some few repairs to be done at that time, but not of such a character as to satisfy Mr. Roberts That'wasvery important information-information that ought not to be allowed to go about without its accuracy being inquired into by the commission for the pur-gseofascertainin uponwhcm the responsibility of the fallng of the house rested, and against whom any complaint would be made, supposing it turned out that an officers belonging to the commiSSIon had not properly discharged their duty. (HIear, hear.) Deputy HAnRRSOie.-Mr. Simon never could give orders for 'worL-s to be executed, He nlever had any authority whatever to do so. Ee simply reported, and upon his report5one of tho inspectors ncted. I am sure Mr. Abrahiam wishes to be accurate. M1r. AnsLAm-I do -wish to be accurate. Thistouse was at that time in a very dirty state, and it was whitewashed and cleansed by lir. Simon's orders. Mfr. T. . HAII .-He could only give orderswith respect to the sanitary condition of the uremises. Ilr. AmsiuLu.a-It is most femarkable that the house in' question should have been allowed to stand at all after that complaint, because it is in the mouth of everybody in the neghbeurhood that several houses adjoining in Sun-court were pulled down three or four years ago on account of their dlapidated and dangerous condition, and the honse which fell dowFn adjoined those houses. r. WEBSTER;-Mo, it was dloseto themn; it di& not join Mr. ABRAr.-However, my motion would simply go to inquire into the matter. I think it. is the duty of this commision immediately to enter upon an investigation and to do everything that is hracticable in order to insure the lives and safety of the pu le. (Hear, hear.) liS. DET)nnSFxv, in seconding the motion, said,-TWhenever an accident of this deplorable and lamentable nature occurs and public attention is drawn to it this commission should be most careful to give the matter their immediate and serious consideration. It appears to me that the act of Parliament does not warrant anything like delay in taling measures to prevent loss of life or accident when houses are in the fearf? state of dilapidation andinthe tumbling. down condition in which the house in question had for a long time past been. (Hear, hear.) If the mater be referred to a committee, the committee will bring up a report, the contents of which will doubtless be fully discussed hereafter. It should go forth to the public that the blame, which appears to be thrown upon the commission is not exactly deto itb The Cuninr&?:.-I do not observe that any blame whatever is thrown upon the commission. Mr. DE JERSEY.-I fancy that I see a little amount of blame in the recommendation of the jury apriende i to the verdict. (Hrear, hear.) It appears to me that ;he jury must have thought, and the evidence went to show, that the commission had notdonewhat they ought to ha-se done, and hence the recommendation to them to do certainthings. I think the commission have aeted as theyought to have done under circumstances of this description, and I cannot see that any blamne whatever attaches to them., (Eear, hear.) It ought to be known by the public that 'we work under acts of Parliament, and that, although when the blot is hit it may be well to say, "You have not done what you ought to have done," yet, if we had attempted to pull-down a structure which was not exacatlin the condition in which this house was,-and if we had done that which was not strictly in accordance with the act we should then have incurred a liablity which as a commission we cannot do. Itrust that the public will know this, because the commisson is at all times most anxious to do everything -which tends to preserve the life and safety of the community at large. (Hear, hear.) Itrustlthatthecommitteewillforthwith institute a most rigid and searcning investigation into the whole matter, and thatif anyblIme befoundto attach to any officer the commission vill not throw a shield around him. %Eerc!, hearL.] r, BIos sIid lie' qaite concurred in the spirit of -the mnotion, Imowing from experience that there was a consider- able number of houses in the city which required arigid inspection for the purpose of ascertaini whether they were fitfor humanhabitation or not. Many housesnow standing in his own neighbourhood (Farringdon Without) hadbeen in existence anterior to the date of the Fire pf London, and 'were in such a diapidated condition that ithad frequently been a matter of extreme surprise to him that they did not tumble down wad bury their inmates in the ruins, -Hear, hear.) He wmas very gLad that the motion had been submitted to the Court, because, if what the districl surveyor stated at the inquest was correct, their powers did not. seesa to be sufficient to prevent a catastrophe of a similar . description 'to that -which had maUt happened, and which bad created a most painful sensation throughout the community. The surveyor stated that he was not empowered to go into a house and examine the interior, umless there existed some exteral sign of dilapidao' tion. He (Mr. Ross) trusted that the committee, 'when th subject was under their considetion, would thoroughly ascertain what the duties of the district survyor were under the act of Parliament,inorder hattheymightbe duly and efficiently carried-out for the future. Iear, bear.). DepatyIULEE said he thoaght the corrmission were investe -with sufficient powers to prevent a repetition of the calamity which had just occurre. Their inspectors ting under the sanitary roles and - regulations of the Court had power to ent-er any house at aLn time for -the purpose of sanitary ino ti and. wher ntey did so thev ought to look about them most carefully, sad if they diseovered any intenal defect thLe evil might be remeie 'withont delay, and the saety of the inmates and -the public insured, -Mr. T. . AILJ said it would not-do to disturb-and pull down the habittatons of thepoor, merely becus A misfortune hadhappned, andihetutedthatmopropertywould be condemned which-could be fairly held up,- There, doutless, exised i the ity a clas of property oEf which the -ecent calaty waould cause the condemnation,and.in consequene of which great chaiges would be made. Deputy Lorr, in sup ,orting the motion for a reference, saidhe most heartilywished that more unifornity of acEion would exist for the future -than had recently prevailed among the district surveyors of ite city, and he trasted -that te committee 'would take into cosxideration the pro. visions of the lad building abt, which ware of a very neremptorydeecription, As .a instaneo tthe-ant of-uity among the district surveyors he might mntion that some of thecm were 'very diligent-hesnlight nalmstay precocous. in condemninig houses, and others of a totally different turn. A case occurred in his ownadinwthich the distriet surveyor condemned the front wall of * house,d, upon the opinion of a first-rate surv3yor being obtsined th the 'wal wa not at all in danger, twe mattr s ompromie byr esnovinga portion of it. - - - ; The BNGhcExw (MI. Hywood) aid that 'one of li in atrue a to the surTeyrs - of-yea past was to report, whenever abuilding-wasin a dangeros condition,ndth for lie oor sixearspast they.had always caditheiron,esdtatio d&to bideGppoEeel tohbeiair nditn siceal ean ld; give an opinion asto th-en et~uf many ci! tlhe houss it wnlda be ~ao.mvythaf 7Lit thsa The timber of telUsg hoatfl Ido,n aittli: wa-.f was s rottenL tht ife would to pura.it b k I . 3PORT OF TH XU)Ct roJISCU O* :xi * Dr Lnnxuriad e almoigri,st I.Dr. IiErzsY, "_A t6-lonowaxp "To-the lonoursab the C Of Iw Ufi, G" entlemmen,-T e 1apers eietm te -32 houmestha have beea'sWdt l e :_lagIMI CZourt adI bee to aubmt a bat o l-pastla ,w.p order for their w5a i rove_3ii viuus isua especay of water-p-plyanddrainag. - "The mortaty rturnafor the city dig thc it weeks have been Beybloowth X. the ;own ber0of deaths havIng 307, in d f I . w hMh' if l xea death rate for the cormspond pd,oE Lar, year. The principl ne=it Lasbeen among cidren amder five Itars of age, of whom 145 have died saiiiteyi - I&At mei ThT congittes aJbout 47=b0cet II, or n.I or one-half of the- whole number A dea 2sg caues of death are the following :- sp or-t celar diseases, 63; diairrhca, daun an omiaot c h ren50; hydrooerlmusau eonv s iofae i 2 1-* ptletfeve 17 vio anaprivaion, 17; measles' ;s.u 'erhoopingcorogh, 16; and Lover, 14; beideos wrbich-ihk have been 2 fatal cases of si}allpox, 7 of diarrhies, And d:. sentex7 among adults, and 100 from ..diae of, a. chrol. a' character. " lbavethe honooer to rna,. - .Your obedient e "Guildhal], Se]at. 9.' "HE. n MLB. Dr. LEBY asm presented- hisfrer]yepot eft':D illuminating power and chmioal q lt of the.gu uumlie!. to the city by the Great Centnl Compay, from which it, appears that the avT illmang power of the' basbeen equal to that o1275 sperm camdl or 1- fan each,onsuming 12 grains of coalsbleinater per hour. On one ocesion- the premce of Atmospheric air in the had TreceduitR power to 69 spern- or 79-gm. A16cgt, the renim iuminating power had been rily22jer-eent.- over the act Of Par-iment stanaardi. nd aba ch yilcaj qu^alitY of the,ga in respect of ammenia, ralphu -mon., pouuds, andd arry myatter a as u4 good* -J WATER.-SUPLY TO THE CITY. M. DAw read the,following pommunic at *_ "WhiteiWll, Augk ' Sir,-I am directed by Secretary Sir George Gra acimowledge the receipt of your letterof the MOthult. and its enclosure, relative to thc-indzatk spple water to various clams of houses in the cit of London, .aa I am to refer oto the81thand 1G& Yic.. cap. 84, '- 9,b y which the Board of Tra316 nrcempowered, on the complaint of 20 householders, to inquire into the adequa or the ' m, Sir, o o'bedient servant. Ef cleanssing " The Clerk to thde Commisisoners of Sewers- of thie City of London." ....onr, ar fming severail conitractors for cleansing; the streets for neglect of duity, adjourned.
I. - THE TOPHIS OF THB LATE WAR. I_ TO THEE EDITO:R OF TEl TMMS. Sir,-Having been employed last winter, -withi others, il removing the captured guns out of the Russian docks at Sebastopol, I viited the arsenal at Woolwich a few-dyso ag3 to see what had been donewith them. In the midstof deep snow and mud, and often under *re from the north forts, had we to remove these guns comforting ourselves, hoi. ever, with the idea that they were going to D glaud Xa tht trophies of our success and the proud result of oursuffenngs and privations. Judge, then, of our mortification and disgust when, after a long search in the arsenal, we found the brass guns lying on the ground in an obscure corner, the carriages beiDg loc1ked up somewhere, nobody Xnew Xwhere, The iron guns, some 2,500 in number, -are lying mueglette and covered with rust at the east end of the arenal, and T was told that they are to be destroyed immediately for- the sake of the iron, while it is reported tnat the brass guns X tobe melted down and made into gates, 'nich will be eihibiting the samo wisdom that was splayed when 'he. &Ptured French guns 'were broLen up to make that senseless stetue in Hyde Park. Contrast this witlt the proceedings of our gallanit allies at Paii; they are tastefully arranging their guns captured at Sebastopol along the Boulevards; how infnitely more gratifying to the nation and army thin in the shape of statues or gates Could not our trophie be arranged in a similar manner along Constitution-hill and the Mall, or in the centre of the Green Park for insan-e 2 We feel deply, Sir, the neglect of these things which cost us so much blood to wii. Before I conclude, I wi add thLt no steps seem as yet tohave been taken to distinguish the mn 'who iought inube trenches from those who only acted as covering army if these guns must be broken up, surely a bronze cross =ast from them 'would be a slight recognition of the arduPus services of the former. I am. Sir. vonr olieipnt sPrv - IELES. Sept. S.
A ZOYEL G=VANCE. TO THE EDTORnOF TEE TP ES. Sir,-The aggrieved naturaly seel; redress byan appeal to, public opinion, and T7he Times rarely denies its publicity to anys case of real hardsh2ip. Ihave just cause of comnlaint of two grievances, both, I believe, of a novelkind. t arm thotauthor oF the General French and ElngUshDietionar.ythatbears my name, andeE a school eitiJn of the sae work I wllnot her .comprin of reprints of both these wcrl-s on the other sideo othe Atlantic. In that I musrt2 submit to the fate of " my eldems andamybetters." ]Butoneofthe tworivalpuLblshersofmy idctionaries-2ir. Appleton, of New York-'has thought proper to add to my name that of another person, and has entitled my-workSpiers' and 'sFnncLP2wnounei7z7 Dictionary. (I suppress the other gentlemanns name, as he pcrobably feels himself scarcely less aggrieved than L) Sow,v has Mr. Appleton a right to couple my name to another athis wMll and pleasure, without aslinj me whether.I will "have this man to my - wedded nusband"-"to live together in hely matrimonyF' If I show any justcause wh2ywemay not be pined together, may I not speak.t-I declare, then, there is a just bn2pediment~-incompatibillty of temper-and I forbid the banns. To be married without on2e's consent is-all tihose unitedi in matrimony, at least, will confess-atolerably hard case - but, as if this were not sufficient, I3r. Appletonsa, refning his cruelty and improving his fist imvuise addedmyname to a dictionary I have not written. how, like the late Mr. O'Connell,I think the responsibility is heavy enoughfor my ownfolIies, without my being nsweraplo for thos of my neighbouzr. Bat Mr. Appleton wrould appear to be a sharp, " 'cute" man of busR iness, and to have calculated thatit-is a master stroke of policyto pl4y a double game-first to add another man's name to my book, and afterweards to tack on my nlame to another man's book. But, if it is allowablem thus to associate names and to attach a cognomen to things. a person has not done, is it not lalformetoouple names and to publish a worlk to be entitled "The 1ife and Exploits of J6hn Sadleir and D. Appleton ?" If this be tolerated, is anyman's name safe from profanation s May not some British father be found for every transatlantic production? The more graeeless the piog themore worthywould probably betheoparent elect ! W l not, Sir, the enlightened reader see, with nme,l nthis anactofsignal bdfath, a fraud on tie reader ard the author, and on thepublic atlarge?.Wll yo)u, then,be pleased to grant me the pablicity of your colurns to denouneo t!is nefarious system to your aers, and thereby to the world? If legalredrshichIintend to seek-cannotbe obtained, I entertain the hope that publc opinion wll brand the act as one of great injustice, and discourage all attempts at emulation of the deed. Yourobedient servant. A. SPIERS.
CRYSTAL PLACB.-O.;E S=MG DAY, Tuesday, Sept.9.-Admissions on payment, 8,939; ditto by season tickets, 405. Total visitois, 9,344 - T:EE -I D TRA2NS_OIoT ConRS-Iast night a ectingof the disbaded lad Transport Corns was Lehd ltthe ineXs Arms Taverm, Surrey-row, BlckEriars-ro*d for the purpose of carrying out the measures that have been adopted by previous meetings in other districts to obtain t. recognition from the Government of their right to alegal diacharg and compensation. Sergeant Reardon, having been ca*ed to the chair, -entered into a statement of the grievacesnderwich the landTTansport Corps ndered from the conduct of the authorities of the Government, who left them inastate, in m a inces, of almost stvaon, from their not baying received a proper and dis. charge, by which the could get empoymen, as o 6- proper remuneration which they cimed for the sernces they had renderedibut the great grleTance was -that the men had only recedved a mere paper dicharge, which was 'worthless, -while other peons got the valid parchment dis*chage. Ef the men wished to dojushoe to themaelres-they must Anite; it was no of use applyingto Captain Voukee. The evasions the me received were too much. In all their applications they onlyreoeived a blank fom ollM up for their claims. The chairman remarked upon the difereai; mrarmer in which the Triasport Corps had ben ted an compared with the German ei, i who had been wel treted and well pa, while the lAd Transpit Corps we left to do what they could for themselves, and cruld not gets either a leg discharge or proper emuneration for their sices. He urged the meeting to join in insiting upoe obbainhg their just claims aud rights. Themeeting we then addresed by a number of the corp and the omplaitg they made of the trtment they lad received at the =a of the officias 'were of the most painful character. Resolutions 'we agreed to, exprenive of the hope that the Goernment would shorly give the mm a legal dis- arge, and ao xgratity -of three inontbs pay from the time of that diLcharge, d been done,to oth Army Works Corps and t T Contingt. A resltisa 'wc also agreed to, cbara.tosn,i g the systm adopted ti rovde lothing for the mem u _a and deplong the trials and privationg which- the }a 1 a nderrm. The spaken were Mr. Taylor, ra,a;L U* amdal Ir, IBay, and ethers, who 11 e Isfor aekve service. An explan diycu Yto con 'the - d 7nspo Oorpa riih the dulnu of the nie Tef the Tur tihgnbt. The ca:tm, min2 i to te otbanks, dered bat te rwn - jon int the supporttin to the u A D thanks-wg pupan the s d rAdvsrthW2nmLFtt..-7?M ai&aamQ be Ve. 1~aeock, U,.xb, d.,_ aW cK ~saieAambor, aevea ww= j. am iJii in1bmea PobuHhs Ls A a m 1 AbbbiOXYG Jft X Gat- XW aes_ 3i:c o~~t &IM_W Jc. # ^ ^ ~ I - U; .; a=5 l~ed C la wat ~ M
SALES B-Y AUCTI()N. Ingres-bill, Greabiithe. 3Sa begs t;o a onnoceethahe FAMlLY 2tLle 2O vb1h a erde and Snledxegadl foex. tlac.) wLa lOOT aSL B the a eat inrtlonwanin rb. osrhtreaSed fo2 byrevat ontrast. For loati>ornGlaro,palce. se. opp?lyte Mr. Maxseb TheatreR- 7 onomd. ,jgs e toannounce4thlt:tho. bove vana. oe PROP wLPaslw OSiL atthereceat ancti.n, and nm 00 be te eda'al fra sn y. oFnmDggamlar% prkae,la., O pply to 1.. MSasm, 2. Obalnte row, I:anson,2 ma. S;dvenhaaao Contruturs, dEdldeao, and o±bms .-rns receed 7txnticDns&ora t;he FGt(3-Ofth8l-eal Thomas Hunat,,Z6q.. t. BELL Zy AIJCT0 ntbe Poanal=a, 'YeUez-road, Syde2sb~m, ljo,bamqroas Sept,. 11. atP far 4~or.c1oek. in,convanient le-s, 601000 of sreniE_TOoco, Fb-eq andcaner BRICK-S. Thewia lonea tot,urezaJlwy et±.?.t1rSn d itntheoiclnityof ex rent roads May -edwed and cataloegea obtined on tbe.Dremiae3; the p ofal nsn3 ohe eyghbooAc<d. andR at Mr. Narane oflces, 2,Charlotte-ow. Umnion-horeP.. To Timber fOe=hants. SbiqpSilders. ba2stmaers, X aild;s Cap- tr=Donr, sad others. R. 31 3a lizhas racsived instraetions fron athe m Proprleto2 SELLlby AUCYTIO, on Wedneadsy,Septeaber 17. at 12 fr7, Lyont beon emns N2f2 wbary , .M14-mill, . P6ae3 5)load3 very aOOciO r OuGriS K an LM, ihetnD ,~~~~~~~~~~~EM .03n i'_tE n ales l0loadad Inrel odslyi plank. Cja;:ary apero ZDannfacto.-ed ro c ors ~OOfelo and wbito 4e0ess,1Ig , eUowr and wblo btte_ 0 ed al~10ourtpeen ern board3r.ithrmatch bn adtn.ed atclr e wihw nocr. t eataLasoS. a be sle two dzeapro tha noe; andi cat3ogues ha t. p ~ 1,~og-lre,Mnw-e~ c.ity: also Abycs ~to sa ires ra,.~b1e rlace, Stepney cad ofteslne hptsae,Cmnr!tra est. yreet-b1LI-A ,roatdbe FnlycGh eoae, ereted lCa eplynmce in the cole ri en Btabliteg aTiit *atranre. and larg occupying leh acre, edzroo, .by Ibsh bucl: walls. ro,t^. PHILLIPS , t~ ) e gr,Dr2 tb phe hzsso recmi e S eteaer .10; to CL b7 AU ptION at Garweaiy'e, 4; wayd cn, t-hc ;;Gperb SD; ath f7l Pr5 eiey ll,z treated for In tib2p Z.rae ere 5 Fo7er3 Ccrtraet). an FA?ILV M~WIY Eested on an emmmana, in fljatmnoutis-,, 'ForestbIl i1mxtanIog -Irmng VOCtS Of the dntatey Ar aid 121 31t6r: i ,bln a lent lamutea' waltof t Forenthill Statlan. Toe ',rM dezgnd ean 2he _ wlll 5oated zI ito wnm p;-o% 01 li zacr walle0di in on ie, g5iVt, -,,dg mt,n_ gnd carriage drive tip to the toe, a bt'huio tab r _osienand Lago roomoy coac-_b Guz, Wtb". lo,,- Iag a toerrts 0cr. a bo and a larg. sa erae Z~a. tho vrhole ta-tefally d_pozad la~tor~ o olacIWpithlmalt ~.croes The isenecompr--shZ"W=17e .ydiland tot.4 ,x - rm ,. -say, and drawing room witih 4.rtroi scd sa ,r.a,Gda,6,ro,q wih ath,fittedinne aieafaenuc. sod and ellrs,I'Ia ge~aety . hed ernt GI h h5eAF at a trifling chithisth= IhIobi( th-a 1tanIm Of thbaRiT Stomr.-RIt Lade, (a dinug, attua5.s rreeolaRo ismur sidwu, wilO fth s.' "'i, miu6andl rleaasovi GrVund Coaebbioaso and Mala I .and eraslIftddock Uagll buIazaC osr,w) iut near thevilai of)(iqi~oo tre sletle from Wee. two frm Il.,- do-o,Dfu. frTo m mertlnd, and me boor's joutnweafro Lesaoa by- F" B OE Ii CLARK, sacd LYr.F. DON LODGE atG=e&% THIS DAY. Sept. 10, at A2 RO7. DON LODGAti moders family residence, of legant dinga, erctdfo ls r ti.on of the lata Sir George Duckett, Baeli. lu the mnet,mfottmt manner. deedad frlshed with Temy reiracA to ecmafot' an d0131'nIAM00, aud suited for the immnediate occupation Of a gentliensr'a fansy Tt *mdeoce contins tnie princpaland aecodsa bed chambers dressing rIOsLs and wat,lr Closets c (n e(rgese~onsz ls. mtregnboanigrom an texrcealnot doerlsdoulePn toachhousver flour:stcapitabl, twod lrooste bote., sd gardens Plante with laenry thrcet w men' grooms, nd lofIover leg o,mi thertnec mandeta luxurinee oettane and othe ilweierhubs and tbilng-honse. and a rimell paddock of land; the whole ootma iusI about 10 acre, hay be viewed by raids only. and particlanlas bald WnmaBrowalag. Eeq.. solettor, Hatto.-ceniOt. Threadneedles tr*el; st Garrawzy's ; snd at the Otfoes of Meie.rs Farebsther, "lark, ar.A leo, Lanesater-place, Waopng-aptal harf (boon am Broken-wharf anti Waters Premsce exensve tabling and Warehouses, admirably altuLte for thebovnes o aWha"lger, ShppILng Agene, arnd others., ThJ ESRS.FARBROTHER, (CLARIK, aind LYEQ, LIIwil SEf~,at s~rway's, THIS DAY, the Inth of Septenther a12, he FIAIIof an important PROPERTY, No. 224 Highistret,Waplog clseto he Tharues Tunnel, and comprinee a whairlandwarhoue o thee oom, of about SO 1oot In depth and 40 feet wd.with roo river frontage rand s.hips of 400 tone mun readily come alongde the warehouses have loopbole cloomr to the river andI to the rtret,sn oterfailiiesfr crryigonxteni',bnsinesa operatioms. edjeni Isen xcelentandlare rsidNc,io. M.3 HWeh-street. Or thecam deth s te warf cotaiingfle Ioora with 14 rooms: the wholeZ Isand meet sbthanotialkepir otnd poe seseton rod ha ba, l . undetantimal bric oledlg.ls fCranemmexpireitetrmfgEdabout res wys-sldoMsard,eote coNmodsoti er Corllsrke, and two, godoo lcteplcr, LwaeroAme oveor, withdloophoVluledomt thesreet;l lsotwit_ pos- mon. he whle o thentabove Is1 now ainteooutinoMes. DiigAndCop, 6b who hcaree takucUns tother I pmat ,-rrudwsebsl TL t dewtezlCopany on, late for inonexlo,re t ery deifbl ESoTAT Er, atd heomallresnt of £230i peureno, Premisbesvee, and we arten, in te bcnad of of H Mrist. Eiek., le e Bef rd- arow inthleprmfore an twacx- da'a arnd of abrouts taenthers, Cart tb4any rLy et 6, Aeasto-lace LMeEmntn lellgHueadresie.-alethSabiez Charelboudsate, prod~ucin amd lare Gadea rintal ofcupaio ofr Mir. H.So, te3e anMESR. Four REVbuitottages 5 CLh arKen, adondn LYE havee prdceivgtoednthructionsa tor SELuL, aTh f*rrawi's, has wel stuate en thesouhar ds of40d,t Church-ctreet, Low a erto admouto landf.pndacogtain Dwrelling aose aremises,ou end lacrges Garden is the tesoptierpoart.emloised let onacal r lepaiinglease,foranduoex pnirldterofbout2te yars, atehe g arelosy ren met,of £3.sAnth twelingHusel atend sPrem umes, wi ho ta lea. isbehdylussRyundor and Dan lange GhardenIrh ofccPupltseLndof Mr for ayterm at £32 per 1onrea.s Fou brIcu-buildt Mottages,mwit Gnens, atdayeoi rnIn th above,=IS pdUciangtgeher,be£36 Sr.ereal annm. Theve fwreoin has a frontag of pwardsTh pofp400y may to evneh-wtedt wit apdplcthiof about tenants, sand contiuarns toeherandre of aboteed twngoares, xdMandeisfa Wthegtretrpast encloSed byai bolcktrs wel,cAeso,a.per of Land Slon, builder,dmohse aou; t Garrcres,being areendlosfreallotmetbandttain toluMr. Freselold t£ Residperce anum,Tghewh-at loe ishldb lheaeunr teDand aneodCaparo lit. aul's.ark Loonn,it for semsson.wic abutE2ISSR. AEeOLE ,CLR, and hL enrnwbeeer mnlan npYE mat of a vlne.bTe pRoperLy ma eSviewe conplicatriion two texl tenat, brckbdl paricunars haost Messrs. Reed, Langfod_ aNM21ande22, solicitos, rda-treet, ucCngbanpgade. oelonokng aget. Jornessprk, Sale. drtsstngfocns, and ipent . soicitrooms,t Fiaenheer ofpMr. Sheton buildr, Emontn; a Garaways: ad of messs arobothers,an Culmrk,adL, Su LaThnRuste-piceod, iiueadGe rlEfcs7 MhjESSRS. FAR-EBROTHER, CLARKC, and' LYE Reside bavigdsod. tesae)re instructed to SELL, at (lraa',T 6DY et.h10 at e. vauableY og,o FREE dOLD ESepte,be 19oatrsi twor eZelleRNITUbRic-ul residences,mos dellgNtlullybitct comrse Extelandt 3aros-wtod an maiihoam-gartices, ovterlookaing SL James's-plark and cloveg tobleu daingfta PalaterlNoy' nontlne six lberd chaibrs andiee dmree"lgooi, elegcant's drawin rouces,wt Fsnhlo windola s, ope nindt balcorsnd.librao,dningh roomandthent nece2saryometi fcs, coy aindit a2bgardeninther.esr;in enheb,endpotherestn~eh Noste ,oefn tasimilardescitiond tod thmerouseoipendisele onhlens, toa anlliam Johniturovit.eai,atcaerentiale -of £10 er annum,eMaytbed prvieweadm(or23byleveofsta ten ant)Igu, nd prticulyrsmadbofhMesr CMeron Btstad lbooty, solciors, RatymeOld-Ship.~, Brghto-in; atth Gmuarrewby's an atd theofrtsmot n of Messrs. Farebrothe, rk, Cand, ndLye , Lancaster-place, Strand, Iamnbr, hSunsoin-Te AoshldenyCw aunnitureeand (i coaltEy,eClaro MIIESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, andl LYE, LJ(having dile' do the - onadEstate) bare rnstructed f SLL t uthe Cresidenc.Sde Tootinge on mrida, September, Sept e2na 11 for 12, the fUP,E ndTUrE TOK a eealnCOnameroTs, whicha coprs ecellen oSetdwno and mahogIanys artiles centre casIonhal daurd,"A coffe, n dining tales adaverlnpot hentec-ryo noblenr efnrch ind chadirsinl gree Soorocoplg, ueasy chars, hors, couchesy, chrmbeyada, Brusselt ls cra rnd rother clipets mitueso cartains,tac c -octhave pl canoforteaby Wnes fenders, and nureIrons; thpemcnents,ar of 12edlrotms cork ap1sisinaty be1odsl,amatrss,edi bedding mahoany wadobes cna estsd ofmdrwer, tables, wasotalds melnd" ueru ppnaes, chineigte t, glans,n bandothe tofuritreo thders irohn anidls nuseerusp t fibes, beTob. pviene sthe dyan prvosan mosrning t offesale r Cataloges whe rAdyT . may bGadrat Mir Banea's library,. CMM BOnor atete Oda Shipemberighton at ath inn atlok hcace eOTINd ortsmout a-DVOw o f ess threbRother, Clrk and Lye,Y 6OTG, Israe-lache Strndt. fGanra, bigoetr Lamtbs, NrhaRdndsome Yodrksiey CotwsmOko and Datrs r,Pulgtoy,Ca Horse,a Pony Liui stanures Ctart,Ironhl Park bl and Garenpollers FungCart.olaondTte-noelaseOmibu,tworeztetlmof rme ask they Ac,t some xcelleisnt -oueholdir TournIture nueous elon Fae, icung u-ra Faden Fmplements lZand anheaElfsctabl giWuiBid. T/ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLA&RK, and LYE M we haIng' laet the maSLon and esate)rave- G reeis d insthutin to SLL yeptembe, on 1 fherem ises Bedordhlot es. bethgwvaeen alIe an DOAD ETOOT, and nmer ous EffeTON, com rising Sethdoentiewe Panda iambs, abcowuwth our il. handome yAldee twoihers -- old adyartionga hther tobcrreueandrDah in conadito) two Leow, an Is, usefu cart Thorne boypony, Bix headof poultr,cat, roen frollr Stklqui manure4 cart,otac t earndt poes chmprsin Cowie eake Facruse, eondainineou 17 emplemet, ao Mrsc ofwl-otdlark hay (6eabou 10M tOd) aUnddtoUZ (abm out25labds, he7aprso mauet and cr.mpost, a c24ver capital melOnh Frames, conardninghts06 pots, garenharrowsB,, tools, laddZ ers ironhumdler, useeu Fimber,nbain, aing stonecre, etnd othr. maTeralks,nt1 Soer excellen Houehofld Earns,e consisting o27 andes beddng noM h.gazny wardrobes chestsu f traers Hadf Mood canbe Foxadn carpets, mahogEany dining tables, Cotairs, and furntur Of , the oatiton an1d, nuer ou oarices, Meayt-be viwedolteda preceding 2end mornings0 ce, anad praoduigu agrem prearig and mayg ber haa %the poffics o f mes dersFarblute. Clmark. and Lye,o I, Lanaster-plce OvTerloigSS I'eeaidhL adbu.elb theBO HE ; L rKve avnd LY te soti ane mweuct n heb tohferei for SalEnt by AUthe ! gazeist GrraWeva}de Coffe he uw hfohouse oui nWdesday,h Bteptember the 2th, a 1o'lock.s PR TIONre ofgettih n theeDIW oftoig thenieral%st oai bytre, wt the tntsinexdt Pesn tathion oen theath of, the epeentuan- the aria chrch nd curcyard andCa.Or.np of pestate led, The rentchage I liu oftites w fxed&n,146 t £400 lar; annum sairtle Burym elaoB.W oseorylds. sluriItor, nole. Rusmnell qarnd atuol Gerrwaes. ;and atd theobices PaofurMesss. aPerirtzhkr,a celark, andcLye, Caresterpand Ntag inde, aesFrnngmpe MntESNothRidin ofA rkshRe.bTween StCLARon and nLYEgou andvinea tol tho estatosate Yarenstretedytvlube andecmporsftant Freols ndTthtretended LLnestmnt,ePknown 3asatebilone * TEustate, oSepemer5aing igdytheetieTonsilo Hlon tncluing sevea HODFarms, IThR ac-huses, andCl suitabl Aicultural coupildingsau then drwinge estat embainge an aigreado aibout L0n daaikcrs.aindsro ducIng.i and 2010 annum, inucludingi their Poerpetual rCusey ofeth pe mrish teof pier.omo_,lzo adabgnetr d 1~fulycredframs, A EbrilinwoTned Cri Panofrt and LYabrEt IY l0orte, in rstrcted tose S bLL aeit Grrway' ne ctitdnesd cay, th 4th. cadeaybof Setember ata 12'cloc, aIain ens lurot,thshgly cavalu-d ablige abe fnly ESaTed Sands mahogaof HiLTbord, fomin thame tre parnish, cPitnat abouvfora mahoesn from YrmP, whrenb otherer am twobs ohstats on mthe Stoilkto tande -dugin'an andt the fieedns,O dHesrgte. andes hlroka Rapitlwas sritxk fromtou ttaud, fours Farm,11 Cantai1masg, 173 arSes loet tohdabir mtecklale, at ban6 per an. coum; H-itn-hue Fsrmtodl. cntainoisfring 27ice, eomplr.aCots, atd qu243t o per annum topl farm,ts conainn be vrewedle two dasr.ceher- scece. at 00 Er,a Cannum;gFir Tree F her, containng 19acres letto W. actfond. Boadr £244 prUQU wrh annu;drli arm, h containin 32f Acres-, lretbtothMr. Adaron atd £13pL anu;te flaat ot.Ifoongand fox i andiHundsaou Inns mile anaMill sundr C~ttages randa Plotsofc atriea ofa3n40erer and pbroducigeagrom th Wostatofd £tt2ioer er e overlookng the No vlnr llsadbne ythe river LRaivenyen the Rteite.Pandth aurodt fox,hoenda witha otergihnthe adistri Boller. ~ ~ rll aSRS. free ofreat7tThs and The A.gng gOEne Sam pi bytE tnats in AddiTIonT to thei Preintss, Alo.1, the etrpetua LI0-on, Re ldra;Kn'sHa,erPI-Cingeon:ClickIne , Guisbeineeugant sodie"Ne" Ge-orgeV andBonarl GandHotls, Yorte; end inmndwoo theablses ofoMlasse. Simpon,20,sevi-owBurlng feton-garens; a GarOprivat'e rend at th fie fMsvs abohr lr,adLe MESSRS. RUSHWORTHndJTRVISIwill SELL 16 byATUCTION at theirgreat ootm, ontr-esday, September 16, handr-omo fURNiTURE, in rosesrood and4mzinrhany, for thedrawing, dining room, and library, including secretairos, commodee, tables, induJ.entaudother chairs, sofas, couches, nocictahe Bngs andneter ca srpeti,onsra brimllant p Standishdaned -cobsol, and pie glas.es, a ronel grnd p.fSEL , by A rCadwoo, Iat ebo raroodr rents, table torreoiit e cat el3ars medntione beriety,faORTO ofthe,i To be viewea the day Frucesigo. cad esta.ofes hed at che olfoeo of Messrs. Pcuqasth and Jarof,w Svcfipe.woo edge t tend, a f Ci-a.ige-altey. ~ ~ ~ tv eCoruhili. vi Ae7jtionJ.Cn.HIt.ST Boo,I Veos V.to andonc Pathua"lowerh 'Fu X..eedns tn freomlom , srStandis and noai.et wlspot plaPa. pd ~o go sccmeLL; 1,y ACTpION.Uu -adtuni, roa E tisrqlvip-paris e;rofhit dlays mention proed he-. aitIONf Ofprlthveir -tA ,m re.{odzt sTpdecien of theamo choice andstyidodendrono and =L6z l al of which proved tesls perfectly barely tsd eG.blsarft"NL.ce1) ale,pasi, Fogrt!DtGenewa vareieotIe, GImpre grjoants.and hw fIne specimns;100dpallteeotaxu dbFotulfrm6in I~ tion, toge-ther is cethal pM tauty haf otlso parovd-itself eatallantsl.' ~~~~auteAmerican plns aodn cn fthe chic es hybrid rod odndrons Walthatdow.-Freebold Ywrm, nown3 am Sallaleury HalL M SSB8, DA-WIEL SAMIH and SON Will subMit atmv_~sl the Va-t6 ~Ueia,) t e4Ib LI) TATE~ fre of great titbe, and land-ja rnA. it eemsiaw aet as6 ares of PR sOduCtive arxah. aedih awwlO land, aisosundinr ab plmast and superior' fArM resIdence, omd all twaeqsat buiUdnmi Iawr azilgarden, - rar esslars',with plans mfb bandat tboe Ancilces Kac; ot Usa-r-a, Ntewmana =ye a Newan, gadtomYeovil, Somerset: an-d of Ms.ea,'DzMie SmdlhaiudSoa, lmlrAguts. nW,atedoa-plaee Pall.mall, ricly imbre grund, wthacospat arm of aatme 80 acre,. andextnsie Cunnn IIghs. ithn SaM mie o th Blatkwater Farabarough StatIon on the Sonofwthe * ESSIt. DANIE SMITH nd SONWill submilt iYJ,opnbc SA~atto Mat,onTuesay.Sept, I1G. at 12,unlces an wih uperal oaks aud athe ter rin telt and itegoe,adI *&ageutle entsesfsstyle of place, wls, lauad am bu half grassland,. partly baunded by therie.Tretakaea'ot tadwsand fari*yrd C with all e-reabltfare bidig. tiscpho ofInheritance LOf . the M Waafrantl, onsiuederd nearl equat to b fe bl dt h7 ouctgroing t aea cmpartiverly iry lo' Wiloder. wldeshble eterAiefoth ine aLR MNEndhabout£0acreast urrundin he hadegas hechef ootinnsua lamplewacante.oo.ingtion e, eadigezand ofgae Patithcultans mart;e and the Auctron larnllo S Wt anddSan land agenite in Waterloo-place, Ps ll-ruEll ofwo onest ce a twonpaeen Ipseich an .-De ndbleLaseodm sdns with psmdn 0jSSRS. DAN IEL SMIITH and SO0N Wil-sELmtLt Via COMETTON. ati the Mart, on Tuesday. Sept.em'at1, by directo or athe Ex'cutors ofmthe ane Generablelioreri Wile r, desuablyeae-b bv LESHL eS deENCE, FREHL ET intebeEn ma iypr of aogpcsplaan cointainding ampeansionm,amdnt mte for a g in the e pardeils Itihsdorfor an pnleasredtgron ods2 yUroneads aya smound renl. t£imbertedpark,wihneat heIodg utone tuctrnpikertofaF. and aod sal,aslicitorm, wi3. Bedlford-raw e and o Meall DnieoS- ndh and Son, land-asentts,es in . Wattoo-gae,e awl-n 1 acrIln. ig eMam l ~nThe RedThe desral Estao te4 at enlton Thge nar xondrj, wihit uwe twuwith and cowmaniundao ih ossin E SS'RS. DANIELESMITH and SOXiwill (ubmtt ubi CMETTON l the Martst,to)ar f nln. on 'Tueday, SeptenM'cr2 teat 12 acok o'clerok (unIlona threpabloT offert beAre aridneld madeouritabe vEery'DLN deialetREhOLsarou ESTATes, ext,cisstye, athithe vardotious outbuiditongcs, good tabieg, exdspcolent gardent s, adoanentold. pladmierabluncda,0 trounded by asmat thell timbere park with nareat ledge uon thenly wtuhitaedroad, aondveo thbe fiernTams, foth boatliff'snhouse,and alldnecessary huifdinge,ura rala asnowd othrseA oflconstrucLon, uhpon wich thesWe sll be staioCwThION hot distaMcetofatherestat. Spaticulars1, withAplans, rf etion of hne AsindeRbinon BAllEtR's OP Ch iteheonvenirent adwell Import.lantiEe1smo iveandSoDeandFagetinWatesloAz~npIcu,pt~ Ihmpaemfully canithe vlene t tetfrta.-B dlose o Wre erfodhie Ite Bed It,e orcuBridge Hotel en Samuel-Adamns, aObnkup, withluitg POaHrlesnd COutbuilins Hand cofmmvTSnock,fantg o the&,21 river. , MItESSERS. PLEL Sand WAnd: SO wonjlnctionas vl rviosl disposCKSOof by pivae treaty) TIubmitytoiAUCToON afth12 o'cloc, togther'bl orfi thts,bthe abOCKea feollowhlshned daydo, favoumbri;tbeFREhlaoLDth IT, with Ion various offires,a Revtenuy sabdong, -and other outlsRowdney rAnbbes, andepacioern etrane eatl sthek marue towmntof celeyswith immdiCateoncs t thServter Thaes22ferbach vandl fihn,andinecommandcaaofguo ay oltoaAlnes- beoultrful;scned The tfalredfo Tyadt en2daleyi fexpectede to bedopenedwthingea .esenmonths. AnporetIon upn thel Gvrboundc ments and apeeropstd forsea warf at other o Asinsu.rartculaors wihpln.a b ado0M wtsaie ene;oMESSRS. eel.P FoWS end SeVALL,liatre, Odirected-eythce tolu apeigintiof sob made bylso pato e dspLbysACTItON pucaste Blart. " krida, S ard, at ainorbeinthreloe,ot Pd2 TMESSI S. INT ER S ofL andr t,WALL31 ill SRELHLDb M EIt 9 b AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday. Septembe 9 t1,h hretihn of thea 12ieee oBclolc. i Sfol,uit convenientPA dUwell.E *ing-1Oueacttacuhed aitont So6et. Chelteeream-isate Wetseirateor-rof Thre ien aperate-glarfrn. DHeldfer- 145, qunqenir alom1t boptember, 105r.hfree o goudelrent, Thoexteonuawian ixtues wiTalo einclDed Intembr1,%adhpurchars a evewedofe pablt iullrsh antdetheMrtcelof lamesrse hadrat thFes Mart;Bof effra.t LOdJwrance.sbewre aon Boers. BoYioung and P Jews,roy-itsba,Maerk-landle;and f lewsa adWall, 34, roultry, and Olaphom-roaed, EnmposrtnSaes of Livbe and Paeadr GamnSo n agrdens,tua 'wellbinlte ocuatsion,o Mrblng Sam urelroda e, akut nclandto 20Looe ndgot2 Heaud o (aRe St,ck.MallIots e,,2: hep Nit SSES. DLW anda W LL i conSELLactio AUC wth Ir.NJaCtSOh , will, THSLLyAUT l &e byr d0ireiWOn si teAmigneLs theOUoND o REThe,aove- ,STOK asd f2all.owellT saggur, cports,43 Uppeentr bisuy,tree, atndOtNoe-.r47 Farm,i Hn'ere-- folay,tSepte mbzerb1;,thelwholeof thne liredstck, onfall trefarms, Pat tiusr ob ano Septm Aber18 the woggiors, crt. hay, do,. ona the .at;idofther'.ault;oFarms, at BUoipeytAbbey Setembrt teeAdstIokand implemets on WeAdeministandr Cnon'th Foremise. oneVtilWrt,73wcmo oEorw September 22tachda at 12Mybevee, adctlge a a'theve capdeness VA. Polr;and ohrHRE Hrfd.9vi an,wgn Valus,able Liferntess,s. CatdalouC ontbneadnat theveminw Inoberest In Freehold; ndGroundh auctineanFreebo2d Rihopsgaes;alsouaPoic ESSRS. DLEWS and WAYSLLhayedrectied by th of Mr.u.ctilso to SELL by AUCTION.othPerLe, at, tlder niatarte otFiay. Tuesday9 atd 12dnfsray, inpthemer I' a:-Lo7,lbyndl ofthe II Exeutors 3of the haeMsr .andrruT. SaredoII intheEwhole GROUECND RENT S, ad EN l deof dio otherI fATreehold cro. poitny,abEttuntotins Cambookel,and prodcin letr,uf-omthveyp£177pand (crand1iw, dr per, anumks Lot Toe letrevehnrioaryhIc:ntee cofpter blankrpt.ssubett otnen,1nmbyr,jcires n boss bidrentallof 8 giachind. tarid inthereck ent also,aw utinegmaydereaote acn therefrom, Fssl Caesrpties,pah rticlrantd pconitions of thle may,t behad at the Mart' totleesta .La3hbwrante, Plts,ondtDcie. 14eEs.OlD.n eRr.rlwamh ss; t4uaryto imphressupon Clericad,edical, ten Ghoene if e Assuranthoe Soietye, the richfotez en last.fv er aeyeddltsota To Ty£Ip-er out, ers antnuem,Piieg Bo ~~rESES,PLE S an WAL aye dSEctedy Valuable byehl PrUCetIO, at the touofarthon riayto.-eptMr. Mi£1 AChUintE, above Socie,y HtheL intrsIst the rate o of'grbm n on puer cent,epertnnm,e In t Dcin terli. ztramqunluesnsiprebonusly £0E poerr ofaby waidaelrd Teontrath. onutil heonLaahei gehe.180 tadt cpte scase of esaghlo ef he Dellngiedorcivse. slebount furtthewn' st erm o Afive years. Free,nthepastpriodof Sie. yiearsinthe townutpai onrthemshams winclding te andrytintLegrdenst,n garemaybo.eha cat hboes,Mart; ofabessrs.nd.ooraco.Pmewa, and Buye slici toeres.i4OdJencryof-Wharnb ;nds ofKessrss. Thew ad wall, 34o,s Poultry, and Cisphatm-rom and ubdr iii Bnkrulsy.iferfordeis.FourFreeoldpanrmes,ladr summns Encosues f AabIan Pitur Lad, rtard anyard ens,h alug Cottges al inor nar o te csree t sn o Wae. gren r i~AESSRS. PLEWSand WALL,sansCnuctionWa with areak Mr uJacron havzerec lreivdposrutone fromd avn the Assignee towarLL AbAUCtIon, theel f2et and LITEtowarOs the Samuel Afda0ms Inuth injuy tof the rshorne.valnathe suRstantTiaMor deale pas--te tindaca wglt beables,i yatre. adv1ertisemns. nwhen the daesan paces adofteirspetive bfrolestionil. beranulses ad .-.d Poltr,andg m Tugme Leseneaseod grounds maytbe StdMatrMleho lmsee. rYAAben iNt a thehwe vMat THI rcuodt aY.e kthme fixture TWdsuc LEAsEHoLD GROUitur RETS ofeesecill PdPelilt ndr£24 roos,n whel secured upondbo.h43, Uper Linuoe-strecl tth Fandle, 47an t.here usalt wand Lofthe.A isttiners 12o uishotante-ithanvlbutt. sE ag or o Contratorsm andl iothera-igrioa Wrorks, Bow-commsvealocn, iLL UCTIN, b rdr ofthe dminstraor,lo the northemidee theTitbril Workc, Bo-coLIdmmon, To-morwtept&-embeodh Imtor2eealt c3apIa of ? and omthr, GIreat S potni es, g-cigs, ans, agger,, OHNfSRi DEW IRandg tEoSELL have retlcived rn. striveucntriotenstoSELb AUCIOL on theIO Pforemse,y0 Aoders--o gate-street, SontTueeray7andtWednesday.tSeptember1d.aLeicestbyshrder 3OfAh eutoMrs fthEZlaTe esss .andovtimbharwsofirst.the whletof criin abeu 10 to of hok andfancyletter, Prons teprlincipa fondris,fraes,s-obs case leteprea,L thosraph andt copeat Rh~. HERNE will SELL by AUCTION, at tbe ii JJ.Companys Was-rsm, near thseestrence of the West India Impolt; die Directorsof th East and West ludia Dock Company, a large quantity of STORMS cenm'isting of a powerful steam engine and xwarhireryfcraaw mUtL2etousot wrough t and mat iron,I1l tounof Ps-nh 25 tons of hoops and laps. 10 tonL of tarred rope, warpand tGw line, 40 balen of whbite rope, 20 bales of gunny, six tsns of packing cot4ici 10.000 yards of caille,-40,000 Yards of war: cloth, 401 tons of gunn" tags,daunsof calico andwax cloth rags.5 toms Of isle rops.000iron-isuna -oam pwehbeons, hegeheads, and casks, 40,000 punebeon and hogseaed st %Traend heading, 1,00 new Quebec oak stavesand herdLing, one tonL of valr.st4OO gunnnYbags ZOi0graes ditto. serene, rtmps, bo ae,sir. lea 'tnltse..-'od, and a reat varietyof ther strs bla he viewed .two .sr ar( the mis. Catalogues hadax.t-tre Superinteiadent's cfacas,'Zzast,nd West In-dla Docks ; and of 'be auctioaeer,Iy, Change. alley an t- F4ads ell.- Conune,'-o" Pecp nsearly opposite Keninington Churob.-Tha valnible. Stock of ra S~AXier and Bookseller. Including Ohurcdt S ervice,-, -33Biles, Pr 'er,nY in olegn bindings Letter and Mae Ilaps', - Foelsnp,0e9i ss,PplerMalr Goods, Aecount Dooks0 valabl R.PA ' ilI SELL b AUCTION, on tJie Pire,- Qosnii Umegee-pleos, Brxo--dnryopposite aisgion Church, evn Fn,ily. Sept, 12. at 11 for b~. by order of toe Pee, pr'eor rliutiebop ~5i5lsec the costly STOCK of a BOOKSELNIO Bustcy, and General a 5TIO?5ER. comprising about 30O reams ]du,* ~sLd iuote papers, fooloniP Wud cthzr writinig papeas papler rusehl goodS 1ESSRS.W] iSTANlEMY hisyo received firectonv' WIOKLL WA rgC,N, atti .k.tIiDY'&.gs:I ots,4 Wh Etowing d4eg,abl and -1Jas3ZHL-Z&~ jituate in the parisbes of Bobbing aud liltan. a fertile district, bej twee f§itilngbourut sanc Chasiar, about three mUlet froi th, forne, ambd eIgbt foi th, latter, ir.: arzoo~ es conuitring about 53 asrWardtble, izo itsbowatiful and thita,frserlo o a gentlemah's reildevees. hun as,ettigaozIO &=e~th "tsable hou ssmud agricultural butildiag asn each jtrr .Te ~d gP&tIiISXIrY ofdoclire ad of fire-rate quaity.bhasbeenj dan4adwell cultivated fo-rnmaey year by, the Uase owner. Also, at a short digatass fran the foregoing, the Asperhbill P%%aetrs, Uo. SeInig abot ~i etes and ecera detObe rchards, mnd somne son. commdattn lad abttin on he hgh r sd.Pinted particulazy rmay bte obmainedof MlWod. t Bobbing Ad ie wbn1 veilFa1LMwt poeryparticlar also aThe Retheins at Rolitatro. Ch' jts1u lettaLaew,andribOat Two Acr,es ofGarden Groun4.- MESSRS. WINSTANLEY have received directionx AV.to BELL by AUCTIONf, at the Mart, on Friday, October10, the fallowingeltzitlle PROPZP.TY. beingequal in wAnue to free.- hold, and held cf the Mawor of Csntlowel~ subject to fi.ss certain of euly a few rhliluge, and to trifling nutO-resMe, virn-Aa.~iit do. tached Reslidencre containiing every reqieate senosnrodliAo, for a large e6itablilabment, ost beautifull iteste on the Psummit of Highgate-hill, commandirg extensive and picturesque views, terminated by the Surrey hills, with pleasure grounds tantefully lad onv, and oraminented with fiue cedar trees, evergreen oaks A;m, prodwecive kitchen gar,len and rivlery, detached stabling for three horss, coacbh-oo2e., o;., porceaeion of aghich oem be had 'on completion of the ceirchwe ; groud, I upn lese o Mr Oubush o~~r wth bout two term ofurrden.A grunoirFaimlnt ocupaioon-ei.htr Culea sh. 3nd te tiuarde.a ay abeobtaie of Mcesso prk-inke Ln,od, in aorn, a and beran.U zitutidto ec, rac'inng o teure.va eand Haito n FEw.SSceteRSe. CovnST-aren; ofavesm recinvaned. Pnstiuniqetrrw and atethe plae REIEOF sale. lptul stmea Ganghienl, and kbovut1 acrs ofIw parko-IkseLn, wInh ag cmmandIng andlevautifu isiatuatedion, uiteitono aitours.u and vubariedl buielt, M rimna ESSR s. WNThe epiY rooy.ve lefteivd eldnptrn- oriloneto SET hACTOg the be om pdu Mnr we arngeid. Oct. 1,is prengcbipl,andsknownd ysDuleithe-eoo.-heoffewichsatoh'nva ir and amply tuppjliedwith rain and spring water. Thereis statting for tofrhre,aodu for sand carrAI gs,olice galdena dnl yinry hetdb o ater the law, anolf ue rudr disose wih Iinte ase,bolnmetd, wih owrig hrbsan wood Theland wd.ielA daesirablpe Leutapaklkeaparne Studedwt timbe,an beltd otHe Ood ideY with ulunsforucest MnoiEr, re.HlolaofDtil College,Y Seaptoudrent Fs~o.Crepc iehold. Croy ten MESSRS. SLOPERt and HOLLIDAY arel SiLL A-T by stUCTe ON tSLbAt The N Mart, nTesday, Snpuesbrd6,at Be oeblock16 at gen tee lotz A OMeIL en LEEgE&Econtinn sev SEn , -yneeinldrs withm cond itionso sae,obtaned one the prmites of W princpslin-s w thie1 annuesal vtle popety anLtEhOo.oefh MESSRS. SLOPERand HOLLIDAY awe iStrELL ±YtoEILbAUCTIuN antho eserMart. the ATucdiy Septe.1 OtR inTuesdote, Septembr6 reetly2 imolthLeAelousD aFEHOLDSES, itate i cnitelegraph-pacV e,Stratfo rd,neaAngeknowlane letton Veel,esitatlwek -teant~ areta moutIg t £10 2 er nnu. aybe clew tdbty Ci)sj1rp,~ toFreeholdpsact seo, o Etate MESSRS. SLOPER aind HOLLfl)AY hae bLnilk struttedwito inLbAruction at tir byr AonO,z thcedMar, S on'temdy etrber 16. til ntolt, tWO2 ecelle. nt Seigtlot,iOL vaIjluable w~bit oa-houe.nsef, urtablng lrgegaren situ.t sitnatye and bein NS. .Iess ands1 . Derompl-sre-p Dlatn, nherOeardlthe Hp Taven. Teotspr proert isle-sanlyitate an hed fr ton tIin,at lwt grond Ws rents. Mar be s-isa-ed by permiss ion of thetent,owhmarilass, wth conitions f sale ma y be obtained;m~ fW tpier Bsq. soicior. 2, heaside att~r Ma t;the 3 prnialtinns within dvemlcsftheroprty;andnt te ofice ofthen aucione mesr, Coleman-street, city.Colmanst. cty FrehldItsie heand BdIngestmend, neaifrd theqrystaaac,o M1rSR. . SLOO ER vn HiA wl SELLbyAUTO ath Mu-ayt,Tomro. September16 a 2,ithelo at FP,E to Lots STAOTE,b lMg.Ma he viewOTb perIsso ofL thbeat,oy wo atcl an urcdtions of tal Tmayrb epota Ined alst fF et.le. 1 catonve-ntenct.ciy of Mersosprchs.useg and Deuaties, holcatogr,5Coleonsreeta;o at thea Auctxionrtd.the principAlSOnueatthen 1Mores Tof mherroperSetyemben 1t the offies Ioftheaucines,4 Cla-te city,~ ~ ~~~~~~~~t Gra S eeydo.Im.i,,n Frehold Esta,T,of terhealues Cofonial peru h ESR.SblpOPERget, n oterndlgil R LcDA Pramie.B been on Tuesd,ay. i W morw September 1n t1 ocok in eigh lots, a auble ordeEHoLD the TAotE consisigo ienbe il eiec puli-OuSe,2 andf 26r dwellnghoSe.HIns, sitatiithdina an fe. Jae'srods o Dhevon.shr-lad~btc, Cheon wrbic ard-se m andLesle-pry bus bden-rcoetinthis exaluable propertyi Isw mtostedlghtfl situ pate. inath bedost parto croldon, thgond contiguos, torth Easelt and Wer Crimdo nd Itfesay Stations. iMay benJaiewe by ptril o thetwuDr teants, Nof who ariuas a ndutg ondiion ofee solomy hped obtyinl; tdo podue Mes. pterel annun ed B atgon sarititrsu2, artns-lfne,. CatesannonoLslelos 6Bsnhl-street; atteor;tepiniafnswti T.ive Clehrof, th pz prt: nda t hUio,7 Mebofices of th audoftihners 4 uctolemra8 nis..on Lort ea-Odst hetdnesmt,tndotsqa, jR.A.LOOTW will SELL by AUCTION, ot the DoPrcester-plac2.andiond-sture; eld direc.,ton fom LordayFoSetia for 8 pee2s buneopiredatAgroundear centdfb5 ach;ets to qresoectale-r tenan,0 ts. producing a reta dofr dIpry anum. stMaylk1 beuchcewiroa tclarDof aile at&the Mart AngMel, dslto;anda MorkM. brahamtol Sot,autoeedn ett opfienz, Cardlten,tleltVillas,xtCaden ro-ad, poieteBrcnc ns eaeodInvestment.cHollowoy. JENKINS BOT will SELL by AUCTIOX, ot the sI. Aucions art Tbo-m,orrow.day Sept. Ir., at12, i thre tllte, FIV sem-dtahed VU'ITUARES opiDEnCgS stat drawi 7, 8, s9,-i r0.an 27wSock Oiigrchnardcrscent, ebiTni andho.1mi1. Stof Orchrdimls,n aedoulawn-edow cloaisean toltes,Camden-rad polloay, heldby srepazw ratla beaford90rdeaaelrn bddrontg, £tand£e,ap waletand rud spetable ktcenntntols proucinga ret an l ofw34er-sannum, e Maybe viewed.o Monaytuarsdc mrnleidng oast ote 3end caluler hand Hofrn, 78 HyndWols -ptaec. cit;ran of Cm.AbraiameBoth,et autne andesat aGent. 7, CGrNT- Vilas, rcamvdein-troa,cptions the morrow. September1, inthreeptets,r next Pumerlp-ofd euastantidern.Househol Furnidturebed with CaLe andoore frouetee couts,l o 1 a nd Pi 1of (Cbnet arlyop- eight N room,beids kithns:ltruated to Sir. byr And Mr. Lf brde o . rhe buspectabl deachoed resienea, frontaner28 feet, dep%th fooeetdo 6,sidncte (cresent. aupdoinbing the eastern eontranced St. Strand cof heautionee. , nIncourt. 0a10cwod rau Broad-sutreebit retor cefromnerowithsa) n atbl the San, Sltoc-wll; pand nels.d ope, Lawpon- Wra iS.Hlens,hireshlogesater,h-T t Merch tant,ClonalBrrie - TiAS.atth Mrt T-mrrw,Seteber AUCTInOtw lots,b C-ottsagesand-aesoacdfrs-al-e b-y 'tbo i fte eeei -CorbecttNeate, DAo., deceased, under the direction of the trustees in the foliowiug orsncubother lots asmay bedetermined on atthc time of sale, sub~ject tosuchaconditions ar.willthen bep reduced Tueo Saet at Chippenbami will compris an BdAate, In the parish of Yatten Keynell, -about four moilea from the capital markeLt town of -ChippenhAmr. on the MarshbdeId turnpike so ed. onctaining about 210 acres dlisided Into three lots; a very compnac and desirble es-tate, called Littis-oo, containing about252 acres, nearly tithe-free, situate at Hillimarton, about five miles from Caine. and 11 from idwindon and Ciupperhmm; tbhlRectory Mlanor of Corsham, with ito rights, dunes, and privileges, and about 60aeres of loud, dividedinto two lois, situate at Pitkwick. in the parlish of Cersham,. near the Great Western Htail way Btation at Corshamn; the CommlUted Tithe Rtent-charges at Corhbam. armountirigtovether tor-£135 tOo. 2d., dir-ided into tote suitable forths-owners of tirelands.chargrd therewith; about7t arres of Larnd,-at ThIg,fabou.t3 miles from Chip henb&,adjoiningtike turn pike-road: whi various emnail lots of lAndland Cottages at Nottoa and Layoeck. ling in and nesr- the tutmplke road between ChIppeuham acd Lscoci - -The sale at Chipping Sodur.wihi-staebotnemlada hail freom the Tate Statte fteBitlad imnhmBlwy wEIl cesnyris Wicks Oldburyarm,of about 70aeslygtoeh, amt We#terid in the paihof Wiekwar, In the onyo Ioetr about one sfall fom teBristol and Birmiogsialayiaiu aud about feeirzailts frma Chipping Sodhury, -AtYeovillwii he Sold. Catslry Etate, oDmprisinpabout 303 crs. in -the pAria-giL CorsoDmbe, in the coDunty of Dorsxet lyingeompartly Wtogter, ontire tcmyilke read from Crewxkerne to Dorchester, abouit 15o - mlefrom Yeoacl, fommefomBesminster,7lhfromCrowkeremne,lu fom Brdport. and iix frees- aiden Xswtoo, at severAl of whiah plate liners are or-WMllbe rallwa; Astlous MR4 CHIg.PURBERwill SE1LLby AUC'IrOY, onthe Prmises 25, 1r.,th-bactkr St. Jlohiia-woe,TI 4 #W1codr, Sept, . l at, 12 f.W 1. the 'sx0ellset HOUSSI{OW 7O& walnut '5'~~~twbetmtseagar g= ftp cbm pr:rntmeasaluaojanY IFench iald: ther hi-ow.4nbe das ia oUlaW.aho,aei, wiuxe., wUseMI*Ia cet,fdrawem.s toiet aud sheal doe t&reuibs,T Maw -be~ iwied. this d%, - trTIM. Romse;ad attheanicoes .Wwik C. ~(FURBER isiattructed- to;S ELL by AUCIO'l At he Mrt Q 1%aw, ePt12a1 12 for 1, the subsuanSal helk-buulit DW`ELL3NG6HOlJ8Awit dougerted-ShoA .lI eituate in the best part o, And nLumbered 22, Holeuro-hilL. whiebbaa xeeat1 been ieOghy repaired uxder the. imiediale supserntend. . 1.VrVteh_=W3Ait nowlet to a bighsly respectable tenanit o- lemp,at theiy ylow rnt of £20per ann'u The improvsen4tsotow' ~,zicuaee Wth ondtIosef mIsl, obtained at.llse Mart; of )Er. rieati Ciekl Arains liCe,Ol Bailey; andi at the ansras adfios, inu Bowek-quare,By cedr oilthe Desisee -under the Will, of OsogeRa.t Is..deceased, I ~jIL C.FURBE wl SEL ~by AUCTON, it LEteMart.,nriu,EzpenwI at 12 for 1, ths exceullet IM&9ZHOLl) MAHILY M.EiDENCA situate aci beiDg 20, Gre-s Oeeam4ireet, Within it few (loors of Br ikslae ontainin AMPlea0coeimodiation foangentl fMily, end leltdfor,&an nmirezP term1sit 40y7aLe at a emall ge.,ud rent%. Xunrediatelnseo oa be ad, thereby Offering an eligible oWitacuntyetliterf- vocmeoslionq Cx-investment, The housermay he-tiewed. partijeil .rd and dMlon Of salG obtainsd eDn the prsealsex-, at the Mart: or M,e,_s bsab Deane. sad Chebb. soliciiera,14, South squar,Ga'-n;o Lse TarwudykeandSmith, mcwOleIe,Sal-n;adtteacinofcs In Warwick.ourct. Gray's-inm, ln tlhaoeesy.-LInetv,Nwg,CoeatReieta Jsae for- investmnt, It, =h ImmdIteWneihWbo6rhoocd of Virginia Water MR. C.FURBERWill submit to public COMPEtlEE TTIOB at te Antion art.on Frday, SePt. 12, aCt 1 for 1, by oder f th Coutof Chancry. mnder a detcre made lIn theabore caue, he alabl FREHOLD EdTATE, rompro2%2r exeelentlstorsandaable lund. with the eonndion, en C mantrsddese, nownaaHRtton-hill itouse in thie ncai vlin.e o-f Windesbai, n th co OtTo Sarrey, at pseseutin the oocupattus, of theRe. 3. ~ Pers. Te hostands upor a beautiful law., belted The and (prtlypasureand patyarable) aei ihsaeo euliraion ad rpayngthe lerland Judcosotlyfth presenttenant.The beatyo the locality isto etkwnovs ousr eycomnmunt,but the easy ccessto London eenl afrddb thu openin; of the Stainer and WokingRaltm,ray isanow boetti Property within two boure~ ride of lth snehopolis, An a reuidential estate it possese erery conceivable advantage. surededasIt is with obi,teA of istecet and attraction in the permManoent Camp~I at Aldershoti, the Wellington Military 0ollege, Viginla Water anl Windsr-Dr Park, the Azcot ace groundl, an d the constant maeets of HierMXajesty's b5Heixssar tasboun~fdo nrngtlbe huntitgfaeaeo. Asar ja.niestmentau, in addition __ the above in- close soanexion threewitb. wily be mnentlorned thst the estate off'ers many verYdesicmble sites for building. Who on tu Bth ighroa an elewhre,and thst the whole esaite is sor. roudedby xcllet rads Te popety aybe viewed by leave of thetennts an ~aticlar,'ith-codilofso sale, obtaind of J. Mart atl'hpeinlpsinn lfliieloclityf te etat; anat the UcelrableLeasebold Estate of Your Houses, with Shopa,elsgibir situate fronting the Westmlnster-road,producingLCll2 per annum. 31ESSRS. BARTON and SON will SRLL by AUCILL TOlf, t Garaways. o Wednsday Stembleur 20, at 12, in one ot,Bus,1,2 andS. rincss-lace an i. ii. Joiner-street, roa; Urt-irat Mboeth,onformleting hLd o 5 ersa gon MESRS. BARTON and SON Will SELL byAUCil TION, at Garraway's. on Wednesday, Sept, 24,atlZl. nouelot, a,LEASEROLD) ESTATIf. from Nee I to25 ElFy-pl ace let on lease fur the whole terma at per annumz£7 4s.; Noe. IitoI14, Ely-pbsee, let for a sisllar term atH 47 ,: Nos. 15 to25. Ely-tilacei. let fur a similar term at £19 163.; Not. 5 ta 10, Ely-pisce. let to weeklJy tenants at vtests smountingt00 £4 12s-total receipts. Li8Ifs The whole held fec71 7earsfromsDmc. 181, tX445Le Profitrent1411Us, W~ayberieRed and part!imulars had on the premises; at Garraway's; and of the auctirneere, 7, Cheltenham-place Westminster-road. M L1 at herWooms wil SteLLbe UCIt a h Setmbert. on Wlednedat Septemer17, t i-omdHUE Waithl wash-houeg, csmall yadand okhp8.Rcudsee t- pInd solirciptors.oTh-buIldings Fisoy a r rpedsaucio oeseS,SRtiir-ae PRICEsu; SaUd atteC at (11311ty-03urt,e Rebant.-Taoe Buildeor, Buiding Soci uete, and oters,l M SRS. lPRIE OOD CAR will SELL byAUTO,tth a MarUT,O.a otedesrdBo=ya Seteber7, at1n TWOaY unfpnished at 1- roccmceffonSeS. Znwith aops ta and aren grond, gear,tes c3itia Oke Tavmern apndaighsree, facingal newad 1feth soati-on Printed peirtlelar prcatith thoyal%OaudMsss canlguand Chansx' fces, Nrth-uild ings Timbeory M e rpwaots, Ik tlilesy-plackige,a Pin hur; bndutlh rnntWwl fture cDyshaon ofbPiee Goods, do., ISf.1 t her nos in-sret,Coen-grdn thatS -the doesin,waileosings siks, atis, lces Isnndrpery adies' and TTmbrMeSrS.ata D BEuHMd STO, and SoNhrill MeJssrs.a theirsRoomnd Bvtng-stt CoveAntiS-gautrdent, Tomrrow, an Fetee' lr(--hold nteddreuting-cars,don. Sr essrs. IlaruGeHotrl and Ceha. aredred mercants MESSReS.a PtIe late nd escgrt CLAR T, bl puEli byC stee. t,th clkront,nLodon, SepTLember . aet. 11 for 12, bythorde o the Asignteest teens, TOf GARellbiN HOUE%IS,5wqiter Sor peamacd. m cluao Ing Warne'Tontee Conurordo, Woaotdefoud ande of' ith-e- Ruted, andbga,souninghous iting, iplemntsin rad zee. cCtaloguvesy maybe ada th vaiou sed sops an oftheauionofteters, t, Cndin letOfieFttigs laedWIte ChinaL, Gass, i HudEf set 125ms-e fotecnvnec of Siiale. 'aM,Wvl.o HOOIA WOREKSS,.OCLu PRomEande,lrelt CLA miscillanSEu L boy~ a cldll ing IN.a the wr' fHn irbRonm, asttabove,on Fia, Soep. 12.at1 Tc 1U o'rclck. Danpe antdP,otheG ROM yad ihSClkl, 42n Freignod eatndin Brininh bawbles capers Sin 6e 0 and easy chairsnovrding mo chamber appedaes anea-srlynewLu-feathear-rtoen table, Peezt,alpt ltabeSaTddeks,M o e'e II andnnrosicaie a be IIewed lonesd prTeedong theursdaly and catalogues had.,Chney-so Tou -timert PielcbaNts ulers, Hoahold-Fase-tmkes, Shipbrlders oachmkers, abinetaners PiEffcteaa. r,Ora-Iulders andONhi,rSanowho Piemlds,a inbg-street, Boroug, iThinorjive II'pt.l,t1 foAr Ludr aesccfly Sannouncaaoer tat S.th secon day'sISALE comprthen whell-masoe Tchabe ofte late Thas, Xltn. grooite., tImber 7erfuatefwlpitkeplanMchTHIS laYIaednefeday Septeber 10ewon the dyPremioses a abovx cata1o'loguk exdel £0Andt upowards. 21uncheonb providBed.ay-qu To Tobe Drchsts Buides, Oufitrs,ing-cSh-lprsp ndoter, MesROWIbNse and SO rra' Sail ill, SLLbYAn-sTIeeNGante road. Bermeutisey. ~ ~ - drper a ;I Pll neE goos.l ooiretedry trhee excutrsofThs M R lton YO NG. tillbrerLhnL dbcAUCTION t FL yafta_IN Mat tt TISaw-mlls asaovtembTesday, Sept.2 Ifd, at 12 ifor dry plAanks del, aDubatens, Paydinhon viewd taosdayprevious 5 andbsrongh-od,tale.hCatalgeskFe obtain-Aedon andeprtmate andos Newr Peach-tre'elit. we, Toogew-reecoa. Freehc-Pcy-ol Iratemtment,-Cceenrdout, Smitey,Bules li/rESSES. C. rpUGH rs and Co.taem drcedb h IJ.. TARBeesofth lateM . - esne SELL b yUTIN puni thC'LI N, tth lsrt, +Lonrdg-ton,to Tquesdar.Set.0 aTom 2o, witouttheme ali,ahtestyrdsoe, ftWeAl-bdoelt oDSW5iamthShops,emabndisuply sthae in Mawrkt-dSTreet Cofdn I on thGeRsut side zlof the Bttermarket,fontriguou tron the High-street,s and~ opsitea 0d the Geryhtta, thnn, and let borespe ctable tanton maleas, atpethe' andodners'e ret oo BMWspe annumle, frand unexpired term. nof an1 yebars lreenin bagvery hosseurecinvestmn. Molwaye hovied by pnu fDermiso ftea teank%t, and ptimVXkiar. ladh toflMssrs Leparh nd Gammlon, Ceghs akudne city atothe Gayond,irCroydon;s cast wogt. buctioand Mart;amendaof theis tDioneers, ies-re. 0.me wugh red Co.,ir6. Blackman-stree,onotar vm(l ebina, ~ice Bod s, furitre Iota,ln bl fxa fitLFs et-t'eret,oLgfn Fida,thre 12th, 1.t0 volabeofewTH teOL IAL WrOuKs, ovl,andonn Rom anes, large Iotalofue miscbellaneon bhopok,icluings t.Oo her leyo Hm, Gibbon9, Scotbt, Byron, ioye, ado, tth To eilkm lerero sraero,dand ohrseboldlyards renich I Slkts,0Foeg ESS.S.THOMAR ENandN SNwill SELL by AG lbeprouLases ;Lat the Mart: of gciii,, Willougthby, Oox, and Lir-d, soIcitors 11, Cliford'e-inn, Chancery-lane : and asato the freehold prorperty or. bleurs Harting. zolicitova, 24 Lincoln's-iunnAelds; andOf the auctioneers 1I9, Great Ru l-tre,ioomtbhuy. Near the Camp at Alderhohtt,-The Ash LodgeEetateL-Treebold. &a-d *part copyol, antiLeaseho d Plropetyiatuate in the Parishesof Ash, Wor?pleedo, an Yarboouz. the oDuntIes of Surrey and -Hants.-By Messrs F. and A. M ELLESH, at the Mart London, On Friday, September136, at 12, incane lot. rTIHAT. singularly eligible and desirable Property, x kniown as the AshUtdge FAtaoe-omepeisng AshLodgs, a opu anud comfortable residence, with waled garden and-pleasure groan-li surrounded by ferite sasadow lands, oriomanentaily- timbered; tha Manor Farim, Wyke. Pacsn,rAah Green Farm, Pratt'sFarm Fox'.s Pire, Frkeamanses lesadLllEns silolUneit.nmdertlme LAs$h Eniclosure and-other lands~, the inSoe eateodir4-over neerly 1,001 acree Thre ituaUotion of-ILbis -rumly NVauable rcoperty is sn miuusualy advantageous -.it fs little, mome thin -two caties from Uths permanent cLmp aLt AldeushUttt SImestvate Is intmersced by -bi Frl=adAten and alet the Reading, GOuildord, ard Reigate Riways, each otwhilb has L separate statism, aLbeuttigo h c pv . pestl' Theem.t alaowoyetiseadiantalseotelhlosimtrobi Bric earth ofthe bestqualtt as RaWAiet bnmIted extent can be dogo teuery.TSe Ad .de~ aSoM abonnds' With Blelustam~ buldn ta, Ie pumanesme7 of thecrebin o determuirejo toi5e vlal itheesm a,d ether th sasieheiie and baoe Wt~ Usb a On the VaersetXibsa. MESSS. BOMLEY and SON WMl SELL b~Y AEUCTION 'at the Mart. To-seesow, bs eube 11, at I12, th, W G-HOIISE.d ?R MI klWeasUo x~ S~asy~e~-Ose~.ess C. aa LJk -NBafatsmeelysa t im;Ie41i t - AUCTIN. Tomesew, Se.mbaII, St i, St lse Mae e imr.er ef r.ad,the uewetrai mau beiaisj tba s- ,.we LEASH and VGODW [o~eeo f thes 'ausubamding PiRZtt1Si wellknown as the mwnuads Wins sad dpric ZdaUllebaspert. desnimby ailute o Jestst t mi a, aega, Held for 1? ycara, at a lowientaL Totaekwyoei~, awegoi ipv~daof £80 a mQtnth lIenh eaaaj. p-reits, whico eMl be conkcaablY icesdb e~mer,sm. ofbmmafewe May be viese.reo& ssemtb smsettte an u Gd, snlietoms be uisnaXae lc fles mdgh acisrdlceim, 17. (bim iaW-oed.t Geqteat Xmsx. between Ilford au dRKaoesf.-Prashold as 1ae,.st tic own gread wit large gardmv. 34adoek~ aosg as as yrud. RS.-BRMLEand -SON WillSELLby-~ row, Sepotasber 1l, at 12. all that P MHOL EST omn Wangey House, at Cadwell4meths, within 2lj muse at'O railway of Jun. Vin. oresebipl, Tao. whos toranry expirese ta a= Ast we 1rPertY mocn mtaybe har ?ctlniated renosta £82 A m- auM.ESStlRS Batntr a i ie. WMbio Coos. ,sLiby Heed Bomord ryhud Ihde L;± i ifot d 1,a hSwXAn, in,t &Yu Ij'y order of t.Prpeora CnbsESTATE eofapcl euletelialduiltsedda Pleasaently situaste heiis lioL oad, op endte, Bo owlalo %fhe Wrcth Lo-' ,don Railway. Nob. 1, lto.Tar,q.at:m e nnn;o 2, etiR. . Tyk,, Rq. t£tp nnu; o. 3; satelylto No" Frema, a £0 pranou: o.4Ie OOr.Gil,at £60peranesong up wit i4me exo ERusflfxtre inhwl Esneldedite" respreire puebaaes~,day e Tiewed,by perenielo ofte tnat.. rarscuw bd a th ItonoeyArnie, Yairfield-read. Row: Swan Inn Staifrd~of. W Raeltf, ~0. alirtcwIDaso Ocle, Rouse, lo Cexm-road. St erglast,.ob *Court 00 Chane, male in Caucse oDf "Bracloef agatst- Re," witlithe approbalon of tin Judge to vrhoes Court the mid causael attached. at the Auction Mart, Lnedou.-By Mdewsr BRMI and SON. To-umorow, the 11-h day of Sept-v,mber, 1158, at lhlcr 3 o'cock precisely, in two lo* -FEAJSEHOLD.Preraises, situate in Grove-street ac' J Grove cort Cooomaercial.road cook int the onunty nofIAes, late tse propertyr of Mr. eorge Membher,' deceased, coualeticg oC Ira, small dwellig-haouar, Nes 4,5,6. 7, and 5t. Grove-street. CsaEnmced.. rad ACed; nd Greeei 1,aeortuetand- aGbed,rnow,uSeds wmbrkshops aitu12eo'clok, ort Tebyv HesOUySEHOLw D Zh~UR Tof Ston Mason.% Puild.rsolcntor, 8,Rctezabd tury, loodns of Meowe, Re,langiod Banm If alede, anldortorn 00. eoina-iet BlChek,i SIT GRA2VE wfil SELLM by AUCTION, ont hes Mcteonaooms D2T8.Pr Meadoaler, TU h NwGob-maror, heula-en11 t1 'lc,by direction of the Eteocrotors.o eda, SOUtembOLD t FUr.- biedy, mttreSUePL aul beding omaposangywardlocks,dit chets of dr40 awl ersadwaatno. marhedganmlya Fter,haid Csa 0 gteoffe ofujrquaiture and othereffelyooit of mahogamei ny wrigtingu tabl3 est, ditto dakle andboklcnegm w1ai ao and other oc pbuitdion, gurze.Alsos.s 1and( foeet ounte, P*eeTwigts,ter cratos with iron b wing o hig beakhn,s 0 e bufeltegse1,w0th n ofm prerivorre wterpe orou~e, moirr,age,, aay be vaeietythfe efslarpiereto thy heleiewnd one day swe htofle and cataloguies hand aft lb rutoo erams. mu- &Led TotnMSDus, aulden.,TonTtuoractrds budoteo.~theitTnsfps h R.IT GRAVWI wi.l S rLL bytACTOL, on th at3 i Premitesr Deon, w hatf near the HReErIOLob-Dge PROPERTYd by Irection heau of pWprestosreto Tueday Seputl-eme cmri18, t! roresidenc,th SoURPyLUS STrdeIs: stoleise &0d blytttocsi, fonlAtnd ,0 ubi fhee ofcupatontlfnd. BrAkerl,pdaindcathe rtone of meoa. quaignty, nd a chefltiofage adltcende-ml-n,in-enoet whiup tol feet sas.- msbylearbscol. beendne thepp nd te buiing1 ta purpbst anillo. bu.0r FrethosdawntaeMn-boaleand ±'rtermiwo silab,tew lynnte banksd,of ugthe abonte-anl,wth evy jcu atio ht for. W..ater or.lan catterpriage, ulasbevtwe btLieedayptrof h ae adctleueo Shadp,onictheormises;andtof the s huctinerathsonef incher,t.eadentbll-sreet;orwmaeiiefowared .Per pasto ppiaon n as pecyttabtae. Srinmongtamptok.- Tlack oyeht niBy and~ others. o Erhn ritualS at the angemof es.T-sren et dimnke-atree, comprising thprtexises,totemoccupat1, or hn = ll of f crRs erndhaitgth rr pivle Hof coducinrte meicogprsind clandeler.mampgrncrn ahiheaD liesporgso.- Impranusarbend unestabrved rO.a thereon e.Alsoaltthatsustntaly built Freehel DwelliSt.hoaeeandFresmteo iusta end ad.oiniGg th abt s iho inpstioactedr.to S. Bacb_ .7 FortAUCrrTIcNls mby bner obtarned of Mens. Sarp. arrsg the lonmeounge o ebuiStong, BlackednehdaB TMr. BayNE lef itdehi lane) oundy hi the 17-emlse18trhnqIi.alh,Risctbeandh, 1hSetember, a t d 2 forain thes beif i 3-ofrs credios om ~te tableso whou ofds toe strodliTrd of o lononer Haee nrdwarmwn.oomretintuchandroter clamsalrEpper aneaponbaths,bl paisradgcasie. ctlry cigiope,tlapfine-oned, iono and tinag.. tdishcoers,witimg roomsapdropither stovekten,ranges, gapeo.aen.- gino,cabietmaerseatheidrs be(l nderadiron.maoneyany furnitope, toricltturalmplmet, and effecrqutit; fr2berom also the une d,ng.,ans ~~~~~~pnat the ioHs,Genih ting' ofms We rwch London. ~ n m ~ alaleFeooc lmpota andunre grveazigle,atrhes,t.heamesr Hot2el Grne, Jeevon- stieet, tt. arens, Westminisgtoerh.r. --am and t capital hyordertf r Hill,; wof Aieastryg thek nbosm_ conequentbe ofd rebuildible.-on rlydneaday,Tand re sptivel. Srs.tam,. land lmtsosty being sthe d7thY antd grazing.20th, and Ildul_,aysdo Sepwanbr,ad foiderio dh eAte ifr one ofry the mot-romle ofth fenturesomisellneiboushand. wcdostly cen ai HOUaEHOD F tRI URes, Stock tamblets o l kinds, saitfl as rad couhew, soffted wuthuhairg acn-i coee1ndmsk elnn ndohrcar, uebcef. linwn prtichrussarsadotecret,ltdatceInrfuI,frm01rPort ande Shrerry winds ofrioue substaontia9 ematree hg ateot spitchneliby fal ampel, and ny othe 5,ettclu Pinortasblefero"w.c hone Copllardus. 40escnrIpivrtes lgo mbb btie f e h BocWlertson sto ELL by AIde.T W. ltD&on, the tue ue.Vie-z-iMam, T.rlnneda, Sdeptebe 2. ail furla, fto eight.o ruth othedsota asr = mr bSdtrmine upn tth ImeofrLe, O VN w C!= nhig ery hmpl-tbyt abdcndstmzof avll the lreaoblEnd, psing eulight dih ando &.agr uanitng fars,Thnes. nwater of eeGra!ge,yes. ornem. o tfet woods, andtnine ottage s, contsining togthe 10 andcrem, ecmenprsnnearhL theewol hamle ofbs Shis0er-andLe,camet sQmtatoton MinslowCct, juoster anrvd fromgheo Wurand,o Thenfarman areletlt hIolyresectable and respoonsibev_ earytealots, arid espeedeeyacoptic land,almcost e,clustvely daimsy and -1 grazing,th frm-btondi.r n ut abl buildings Tmlmhe tlrskee Hl,parsthof Thae. sudo Ftarm. at theestwsarsie of thn estatde, aorm one ofe Sthe mosf Matominont featoure the nIghc,bourhood,crowed wirthPxo anit and consgmen rm~ Shf beiangd so adiralWbly adauaptedfr ted eXrectiy onrofhe firastondoTma eostiaeds, n Tmottme ahol eritayAte 12 £lorltayear; allefreehold, an Mr. S. B. W. ndC . Iudc,slCitr BOSping-Ardens e SmiErL at theGeoTe101n, at lesir 1;g RobloAms;LO, Buieboac; KIg'sArm-s, Wins ow-andrrocested Star,oford;at, thep-eubetILn andt: aIRId fGHeAuciner GOSi.Ns. Huntis.a feem cmeama Lo~rne Lessehoh l Inees,uouptm-Claenresdn rod, b ayvwac earnd ild egg Giraweys. o Ttinuday, clcseptember1u, witouz,tOreoieerel, bricklilteOUF. & TAEX bein uglao. lnd 1 .Manpieter Villas, Sdlyeheteberoad, Chirttsdon-rd north, Bayrl,anerotheld onleable ytears, atDo aurgroun odrentaof£8LO andwh let onviewtthisrmie maya tL beti-le oed sl,and carticlars %adto eUadraaIto ofe OMesira abwrell anwTOq r MStrent, Fleert-steet;And ofTheastiorer. 19 oeleutmaden-s t citye.1d cSplnidfll comtass Cut*ie-aand Wndowenl Pitinanoforesan rwdire~and.s IVIESSRS. KELLYGGS Co.l SwLLl byL byCIOAt,- HoptaeSl,HI RoAY,4N Setebrathe on10thyi.3ktL1. at I fr oelekup Iwards of,4thnesRlyInc andeeund-hlegudt A1OEO ATDt. ofprtwong creep cla(maofdinsruen and breAasto 'roansfartor byeth romostl zzinrWtmaker. ltcy be tiewarinedxnctpaper.urcrehdthe drypeteandmliming ofroigtle. etpeiel.Cta.UcAt0. Toqw-rrow To e ineber nd Grap Groers JIL B atOnUT 6 osofSE h nuCiOneo Futheure,mcsns,ineg rdns A sBalglane, of.dinidsng nTulesda, Sept. 6An 'th. t jrcitttet lo. arer I ntubeerirS6sOCdbordiFRUitIN nd rqisitllC oudSIO, PN£S w"ar- b otdceaCd vi vetmrryoewth, ld consistigo hall atthe laigkon aard e ;uort lcn Ge'rsis? oUppes, S1.utheut-atreet, Lond ora mo-re HEenireg. at 6toteiine-0losogeea 'tscanu- preper ti, o dozen of Seltzer Water, O's ofrgeral ousehold Fout- lnre,V.dEffectl --A a.ubldPri 'illE.SSls. JONES and BO0XHA'AI Wil SELLf by' ILAUICTION, an their great Itoonus, 11 aud, 12, Lelsesictethvet,, 1-isi OEVENNG aitu s lag uantiy of HOUSEHOLD FURNI.- TTftR,of cefiturs,large glared sAsh ine.hogfiny-op counters, -lsrad spooze baths, &C.; about 60 iozn 00 seitter wett in cae,alorZe quantity Of engrvings frametd, glared, and in taolic china, rIes. %fancy goods, together width a variety of mlsodlaneouei effects. To-m"orrw,a`t the same hour, very suecelor modernFurnatao-c and RI:fects; and on Friday. the, Collection Of Pictures large-sire inOler nary or rchgit raes h.On tier,andcatalguesatob hadat the rooms asabate At BrOot'iah oue 1 ug-o,o uedy et l,a ,on z W NY osof dryv Co1ours;. inclmdini~ Brilna wi]c ImeeD, Prechrome.yellow, ultrn n Wen, Zi,eaml aod- traelestd lal blue, ipcseriizleumi, orieonh, Cubd ecalee lake, oud antos, and 111 tons of eioecilmh 3dflkdg wae Ocbre, &oC M yeavkwea one da previous to sale,- ar.d calalognes led of B.BOO H and SON, auctioneers,21l,lldge-sow. At Bailsoo% Warehouse, 21; Bude-ow, Doodoc,T-o-morrww, Sept.1U. ltonowhi ope, Iwtonol XOf btOM isil 3~tO0srn ka.seevas, 0 waarisre biawlOfs
