From ; L O ZT M,f Aug. 29. BUCEINGHAM 'AL&. AUG. 2. - !lhia day bid and ernce of er Majesty: Te Chavalier Don Antonio Gonzales Tivo_y Eaordi. azyx an:d Minis.er Plenlpoten ff rom Her Catholi LVsZ 3esty, tD deliver his letter Of eal Senor Don Juin de Francis ,4ta Envoy Ertrordi. mry and Hnister Plenipotentiary *on the RepubEc of Ga.temala, to deliver his aedentials, a The Count Cheq'owitcb, EnVGS Exfiaordinaay and Ml-ter Plenipote t from His ajesty the Emperor o£ All the RTuias, to delier his credntials: '-To which andience3 th wee res*ectively ntroduced by the Earl of Clare:don ., IL er ests Pricipal Secretary of State for Forei9n Affiirs, sd conducted by l!I.jor-Genersl the Hon. Sir Edward ut, KC.L, Her Mwi2estfa Mzster of the mondes rTHE COMMISSIO±NTRS FOR EBILDING CHURCHES. By an order in Council, dated August 21st inst., Her Majesty has been pleased to apprOVo of a representation of the Commissioners for tho buildig of churches for the assigumcnt of a particular district to the church of the Holy Crint, min the parish c Swansea, in manner andform as in tha order ret out, and by. another order in Council f.r the beforementioned date Her Majesty has been pleased to approve of a representation of the sd commissioners for eonsoidating the church of St. James, at the pwniah of Rirham, in the county of Berks, in manner and form as in the said order set fo:th; and, by another order in Council of tEa m=e date r.a the former, Ber Majesty has been pleased to grnove of a representation of the said commisioners as to the publication of bas and the solemnization of marriages in the church of St. George Hyde, in the parih of stockport. WAR DEPARTMINTr, PALL-hIATT AuG. 29. 31 Men of Dm Gvuardn iGeora Romney Rawlimson, ZE&t to ca Ce,, -dioe ; ==> Preln omo wd.o3 6th -hawon G:ds-ThO Eeeend CMrUnameof OCet G!aU faS1.Cir, anld not Et. C3fr, us s.ated In ths "Gaetter of the 22d 'th Liallt Th os-Ces Leo Wore, gont., to be Caoret, by LIe ord to be Cap., tof bo Capt., witbout Vmchss, sico RerPtl appontedlo tho 6'th Dmogon Gnads llbIh it Dmgeen-I5eo, F'ezdInaod Carol }Hanbin7 t:llans hsabcenpensit.od to rctEw ro from t, ,ezvies by lhs =lo of his com- Rhoyal unedment of trnlle. s The9 nndermentioned gentlemen to be Lieut;enants, with Sota ofIRal Eoginee rA-B t-Col. Richard JoTh Sttherd, to li Co vi.e Cole. reuined o toll pay; Capt larcus Dlll to beLieut.- Col., vico Stoetherd; Second Capl. BenHavy artindale, to be Capt vice Dill, promoted: Lient. William Oole3 hilloptia co be Seco;2 Cant., vice MZatindale. bhRegiment of FooGt-Rlgn Arthur Kay lin been permittol to resgnhsis cmnaLrson. 2R h Foot.-Bravete31alorWillam Pollerfen Radcliffe to be Major, without gc=s fo. ice Bre-Len-CoL G. Steevens, hrwoe brevet b-wecconverted into substantive rank uder the Royal warrae. of the 6th of Octobcr, 184; Lltea. Gaemge Dowglaase to be Ca,ts 7ithout Lnrbezice tadcliffe. Wth FOOL- 'eut. =en Fbilip3 Onsla hz bseen permittel to retire from the service by ths sale of his commision. 41st Foal-ieut. Joba SherinZ Keddle. from tho SId Foot, to be Ldet, vice Onslow. who exchanges; Lient, Lease KingtobeAdit.. rice 3 wEh, who resign the adjutancy only. 42d Foot-Eng ctor d'Farlan, baa been supersedod, being asberot Without leaTe. 6Dth Foot-The dErt Chrfisian name of Ensign in, appointed, esithoul urch3se, on the Seh of JuIY, 1856. i James, and not John, as prertoady stated. 7tth Foot.-Lieut. Arthur Chales Croher baa been permitted to re3!gn his comuiado. lid Foot.-Lieut GulGdford Mosetey On0low, from the 41t Foot, to be tient. vice K.ddle. who exchanges. 85th Foot-LIeut. William Thomas Baker to be Capt., without p r- chLase, vice Brevet-Major James Gubblas. whose brevet rank hslr be converted into substantive rank, under the Royal warrant of the 6th of October, lZSt; Ensign Jamea Marray Grant to be Lieut., without pumchase, vice Baker. SIth Foot-Enign Doglas Nicholson has been permitted to resign his commis3ion. 89th Foot.-Ensign G. tobert Stewart Blackto be Lieut., bypurhne, w.cfe F. WVIlSOn. who retLlre Edwfard Beevor Ethlr et,t be Ensign, by purchase, vice *ic~. Batcheler, gent., to Thelon=le ofthnent-Bdevet ioMner Themes Lillie to be enjor, owithout inrchase vice Brevet-Lent. CoL Eteyns, who retires uplon tbull- e yLicut. David Stewyrt to be Capr.c wthout purchase, vie Lilhie: Enwsign Thomas George 0. D. fehrvey to be Lient, witout pye Chase, vico Stewa,t LANI) TRA1NSPORT CORPS. GometTamemlding haperosttedtoresin his comminis3in Thenames of the undebrmentiohed offioero , having been omitted in former (tzztftes, their conimissrons u till bear date Toblwn beDvTiz.isA sGN-P4L 2d REtezmeut.-Giacomno Imardi to be dispenser. 3d REte2ment-mominico Vrealen to be CaWtli FranDeeco aiasnt to beoCapta Marquis Giovachino Pallamiy tobe ent.; Ini Poir= to be EsiXgn; CEolo AsnRl to be EnsinE 4th Rtegiment.-3?elice Matccia to beLient; Federigo Viteli to be dispesuer. IJliATL'ACHTA. Brovet-Lieun -CoL Ferdinand WhLttLnghiam. C.B., from the 55th F oo., to beL13ent.-CoL by purchase Brevet-Lient.-CoL. George Steevens, 2Cth Foot, to have his bresvet -unk converted into substantive rankr, under the Royal warrant oftheo 5th of October, 1854.t BrrvetsMjor Jamues Gobins,1 8th Fool, to have his brevetsank CoLveninto ebstanrtvo raned , unader the Royal warant of te 6th COhM1ISSAR,IBT DE3PARTMENT. * To be DEPUTY Coesss- sz Assistent CommisGeraltarkbeng hontague o illiam DarLng Avsietant.Commis ary-Bene Ral.Willitm Janire T frole P verCe To be ASSISTANT CoMBSSAIs.GE:NRAL. Deputy-AnsiTBant Commi=rmryGenerol George Joseph Webb. Depaty-imtnt CommirbeC yLGeneral John Franci n Rogers. Deputy-Assant Commlsy.General James Willkinson Woodley. D)eputy-Ab itant Censmiroary-Geeral Charles Garrowv Blanc. Deputy-Assant C onssissary-Oeera] Charles Palmer. Bevuty-AssColsFt CmaideyIrweneral Charles Bagel Smith. To be DEPUeTY-ASSISdtSeT CoImtosArIcS Ge-thesob. Commisoziat Clerk Edwffiu Blicidield Cominissas-t Clerk Alfred Ernest Peteie. ROS?ITAL STAfl? Aseist-Suyg. James CruTz Johnston. StperounerrDy in the Oth Foot, to be AssisslSmrg. to the Forces. Staf Aoit-Surg. Daniel Bexnjmin Hine has been permitted to relga lilacommimon. The ordenRentiofed Acting As.istont-Sungeons have ceaed to do duty, twher being no longer occaseon for their services: WSilliam Sha-Pe. iThomas ienry Newsni j. Davd Kroa . DLD. Joseph redse James Graham Hildi,,e, DLD._I James Gideon Greasy. BREVET. CoL Fennel Cole, retired foil pan of te Royal Engineers, to be talor-Ceeralm the rank being honorary only. 'Brevet-Lieut-CoL Peter Bennet Reyne, retired fuil pay. Ceylon tlde Regiment, to be Cot in the drmy, thb rank being honorary - hI~MEORA?Dr Brevrt-el. F. Cnidley W r in, upon halfc-pt iunattached as ndout. Aro, nba been permitted to rere from the service by the ssle of his omurmisnlon, lie being abse t to become a setluer in Western AostraL, COhlMI:SSIONIS Si4.ed by the LosD -L ursrs,sv of the NoaRe n ige R Gof YORS- Whe Hton. William henry Forebter lDenison to be Deputy Leat clmftlo York BiDe;regiment of MSlitHa.-Eoslgn Dnicanetoroesto b rent., vice NhoSto, wshoneappolnsmiete is cauceiled. PARTNERSHlIPS DISSOLVED. J. Pery and J. euddleston Hp mlet near Leedg machinr mraker. -Borrkin, Brothers, adteCo, England, and BJ., hrothr, eand, Hue- klehenze. Afialin erchanls.-b. Lytons, and-W.,Pipoams n, gene-uth rtatnerchants,-R s sad Douglas, BatdliffeW coal merchanta.-Picjlue Liticuld L7eYBamin'ton Plodrs ^arnd Saotilhul, mauctioneera.-T. Sum- _r. J'.,Ja Weers, jun., Peterdiveld d.-apera-yT daoen, ZdGegr an Ho.Eavanush or elsewhere, merchants.J. H7. and T. Meier. at-iOctoeet r, ot;biwr and Cobhe am, Surrey, horaehnk mannacthmresT- -H.W Wtright end Co. Stockort, ge cer -Bierley and Jurphy, Hanchester, plastercrhh-Dasles and boayr, Chapel-sreot. F?addinLex,. an=d elsehew Cre, ai2rtbaatypoteOrs.-Dudtld, LeD- fthdeus an Chtourt;slicitorschBeter, sharebrokeDalrymple and Wrade, Leds cloth manula.cturers.-Sandervon and Smith, Hlaifax, cabinetmakers m--s. . adtJ Tur-aimplead . Perry,h Chsgwel, Essigee, millhinesBrLe nd Jichols Liverpool, ship store dealer.s-H. Tu r and C'o.. MLanchester. cotton spinners, as far as regards J. Brooke.- BurtonndtCo.,eChester,lotGierse-A rand J. Ason Barking, and elsewhere, fazmer6.-Boach, atthews, and-kWiLliams, Plymouth, potato m:erchants so far as regards W. Roach, iun. DECLARATION OF DIVDEN9D. Ep. himer, DoneArted, hlattdr_first dlv. of I,, any Tuetday on or aftUcert October, at blr. Bro's, Shefleeld. Bre us lla PTOY AiNUllEe. Thomas Truman, Poepxdd irnmoger John HBrges Tipple, Norwich, wholer,l Seoo manuf2aturer, to our. rendtr Seot IL at 11 o'diock. Oct 10, a nt haIf-ust 1, at tho Banld rupte' CounrtsocitSor er Bidd hami DMrepl andtDrake, aPrlia- 'iment-sheet Mr Dfialrjmplr,e Norwbich;e onffirilmingheeam.Wht meeWsinimhEAll-oriereyt. l ib&;,goer et 0Ot ,a PaaayotttDemetriusieno. Greant Winchester.steet merchant,SePt. 1o, at11 o'lock, Occ17, at 12, at the B oanarupt Cou: solicitors Mlessrz Oliver=n 1b, and Parcher, Frederick-plfce, Old Jcwry; cffciai e anignea, Mr. Canaan, AIdermnanbury. Epbraim Snell, Alfred-road, 7 arroalfa roa builder Sept lS. at 2 'ioetri, Ocot.21, atnku at the Bankropttg Court: solicitors, bess. er, Grevi3e. and Tucker, te Swithin'e-gant; offcial assdgnee, Hr. ienne, Gublsaml-chamberr, Basinglall-street. John Bmgess, Kiddermlnsrocer, buier, Setn SOand 29. at l o'clck, at the Birmieham Disrid Court of Bckr kocy soliActores Menus, Saunders and Sent Kidderminater. Messrs. Motteram and Knigbs, Burmingiamd ostieral ssaignee. 5ir. Bittleston, Birmingham. Wnillia rIl, Brtorley-bUl SHaffonxshiro, grocer, S Set lO,Oot. I, at 0o'doc4, at the Biettiegham Distrlit Court of Bankruptcy solioitors, Me. Hancatderon and Allen, Birandgham: offlcial acskgnee, Mr. 7bitmore, BirnYugham. William Henry BSroadband and William Hudson, Yottingham, utilders, Sept 18 Oct7. athall-past 1 o'clock, at theBirmingeam Gistrict Court of Banmruptcy, at Nottingham: so19eitorE, Mbesss. Freenn, Rauenb, and Browne, uottngSham; Off9calk asnignee, hr. Har3rs, Nottingham. Rowland Oldhbmd, St3mford. wine merchant, 8ept 16, Oct. 7, at halensct 10 o'aock, at the Birmg Distrit Cou of Bank Erenter riAn Son, botteinghanme;soffcl ause, Me hartorishe ot- rancis WJilliams, AlPnonhurty, Gloce3rtc, baker, Scpt S, Ot. 6, at 11 o'doc4 at the BHitol D1is;tnt Court of Bankrutyo : ce.lic toru turaenfildChip2inW Whdelery, Glocestenshire; offlcial cosgnee, r. Hoary Etott, Hall . grocer, Sept 1 and Oct. 20, at 11 o'lockk at the Lees Dinstrict Court Of Ba3nkruptcy: solicitors, Mtesrs. Wfa;eil, Pblirice, nd estr, alifn; ffiialassgne Mr Ycoung atSlueds Henry Boittooley. Halifax, °cer, SDeqpmt eil., at 21 Ioek,andt Oc.13, at 12. at the Leeds Distrirt Court Or Bankruptcy: 301icito s Mfr. Lancseter, Bradford, Menus.au alndad Barwick, Leeds3 official rarsigue, D7r. Young,w Leeds, DIVDEN!DS. Sept. 2'0,5 E.ooper, Lyndliura-vill a, Pec1sham, oarpenter.-Sept. 201 0. . M'ean, Hig>h Heolbrn,2tailor.Spt 9. P. B. rehbster. Heeck borough, ceach-burlder.--Sept. 15, H. sseadbeater, Fudderadeld, wVoollen clot h merchant. CERTIPCATR to be grented, unldeSs cause be shown to the con- Sept.0. ~. t'-ary1on theday of meeiAn7 R- Sntta.dJ. end H. Walum3lrety. AcecrdingzoCn. poer loom lotlimanu- facturera.-Oct.2, W.V Wheee6r.Broadway, orce3ster, cocrudealer.j J. 2,7igt,t Edinburgh, Ierrsedealer, Sept.18, a t 2 o'clock, at Bo rland's Rooms. sdnurgh. B. Olipshant. Yto39e, Pertb, writer, Sept. 8, at 12 o'cloCk, at Salutation Hotel, Perth. A. Hamilton, Kirkgate, Leith, grocer, &Set 8, at 2 o'clock, at ibewdls a nd Leson's Roms Edinburgh. 5ke avera3erice of brown or muscovado Sugar, computed from the returm e In the week ending the 26th of August, exclusive of Cazton' dutie paild or payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain. e.d. Froem the ritizh poscemlom in America 31 Gapercwv. 'From the ?6inritit L3 28 3 '1'he nseragn price Of tho' three rregoinC de- crniption. of sugar. !oIntI, coinputCa 53- above, aeeichanive of duty, i!) .. ., St 6 By authority of Parliam;ent, H&Nm5ll Aug. , L. Citch of the Groce-rs' Company.
iltifazzedli.- FridAy 11md!M. The English fundi continue to manifest unbroken dulness. Consols have bjen at 95 to for money, aud 951 to i for the account throughout the day, with the exception of a short period, when they touched 95 for money. Bank Stock improved to 218i to -214; -Reduced left offat 95 to} - New Threep3r .Cent., 95 to96,;iAnnuities,18 Indit Stock, §33 to 236; ildia-bouds, Is to 16. -premium; Exrchequer-bonds 10OXto i; and Exchequer-bills, Us. to 14a- premium. In the discount market there was an increased demana for money, but the applications at the Bank were not I)articularly heavy. Foreigi securities have exhibited steadiness, but the operations continue limited. Turkish Six per Cents. have been negotiated at 103I for money, and 103k fortheaceount. Inguaranteed Four per Cents. the purchases have been atl03,. The generalbusiness comprised. -Rusian Five per Cents., 112; the Four-and-a-alf per Cents., 98i and i; the Small, 98j; Sardinian Five per Cents., 91 and 92k; Spanish Three per Cents., 44 ; the New Deferred, 25i; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 65X; ani the Four per Cent. Certificates, 98. In the foreign exchanges this aft>ernoonthe rates for Hamburg and Paris were a shade higher. With read to Amsterdam there wvas no alteration. ~he final quotationss of the French nThree per Cents, on the Paria Bourse this evening wera 70f. 20c. for money, and 2Of Sac. for the account, showing another decline of between an eighth and a-quarter per cent. The cvrn-market was raain dull this morning, and sales could not have been forced except at a decline. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows an improved demand at former prices. A return has been printed to-day, describing the changes made in foreign tariffs since the date of the similar return issued in August, 1855. The countries by 'hich alterations have been made are Sweden, France, Austria, Rome, Mexico, and Peru. The Swedish changes consist in allowing the importation at fixed rates of duty of certain articles previously prohibited-namely, pig and ballast iron, and silk, cotton, woollen, and linen manufactures and in grantin1g entire freedom for breadstui3i, certain kinds of fish, butter, and cheese, oils, ta-llow, rice, cattle, and swine. The French changes apply to 36 branches of production, the principal beingsugoar, timberS iron, machinery, agrcultural implements, and skhns. Weth some wholly nim portant qualifications a reduction has been effected in every instance. In sugar it amounts to between 9 and 10 per cent., and molasses, which were prohibited, have been rendered free. Some descriptions of timber, if imported in French vessels, are also set free, and in others there iS a reduction ranging from 99i to 24 per cent, according to flag. In various sorts of iron manufactures the reduction ranges from 60 to 11 per cent. In machinery it ranges from 38 to 11 per cent., and in agricultural implements it averages about 15 per cent. The Austrian reductions have been in cocoa, coffee, drugs, sugar, fish, oil, wine, lead, and iron, and linen, woollen, and cotton yarn, and they average about 25 per cent. The Roman States have adopted in several cases a large increase, steel, copper, haberdashery, and lace being amnong the number. The articles in. which there have been reductions include certain kinds of linen, woollen and cotton manufactures, glass, wood, china, lead, tin, iron, skins, aromatic oils, salted meats, and several kinds of chymnicals. In many cases the reduction is equal to 50 per cent., but is virtually of little imnportance, the sum still levied being high enoigh to operate as a prohibition. The lexican alterations extend over a great number of goods, induding cotton, linen, silk and woollen manufactures, as well as ironmongery, cutlery, saddlery, arms, timber, wines, provisions, glass, and a large quantity of miscellaneous articles. With few exceptions they involve considerable reductions, although in each case they still leave the duties exceedingly high. In Peru, also, the changes have been numerous, and in a majority of instances they have consisted of a substitution of snecific for ad valarein rates. On sheet iron and salted fish there has been an increase of 233 per cent.,but several articles have been set free, including many that are used in shipbuilding. The prospectus has been issued of the British Steam Fisheries Company, with a capital of 100,0001. in 101. shares. It is proposed, by means of weled 3teamvessels, to develope the lishing trade to an extent not practicable by the ordinary sailing boats, and to introduce that reg;rlarity of sstem and constancy of supply which is essentiail to steady markets. At a meeting of the Scottish Australian Investment Company, held to-day, the proposed alterations in the deed of settlement were agreed to, and the undertaking will now be brought within the provisions of the new Joint-Stock Act, insuring limited liability. A series of objections were raised to several of the amended clauses, but they were generally overruled. A half-yearly meeting of the British Telegraph Company WaS held at MIanchester yesterday, when the report and accounts were adopted and a dividend at the rate of 3 per cent, per annum was declared. It was stated that the revenue for the six months had exceeded that of the previous half-year bymore than 2,0001., and that liabilities to the extent of 11,0001. had been paid off. The setting free of steamvessels by the termination of the war continues to lead to the formationof fresh lines. A new monthly communication between London and the West Coast of Africa is to be comrmenced by the Ida screw-steamer, of 637 tons, on the 15th of September. She is to touch at Gambia, Sierra Leone, lMonrovia, Cape Coast Castle, Accra, Laos, Bonny, Old Calabar, Cameroons, and Fernando Po. In the colonial produce-markets during the week there has been dulness, and prices have in some instances declined. The dernand for sugar continues limited, and the chief portion offered at public sale has been bought in. In such sales as were effected,with the exception of the crystallized kinds, which realized full rates, a fall of about 6d. to Is. per cwt. was submitted to; and even at this there was little desire to operate. The sales to-day, however, went off with less heaviness, and rates are now firmer. Privately, four cargoes of Havannah have changed hands, one for St. Petersburg, two for the united kingdom, and one for the Mediterranean. The Dutch T^rading Company have declared their next quarterly sales of sugar for the 22d of September, comprising 41,700 baskets of Java, against 39,885 baskets at the corresponding period of lat year. In tea also very little business has been transacted, and priAces are without improvement. The public sales passed off quietly. A very abundant supply of rice wa3 brought to auction in the beg,inning of the week, and the middling and good kinds, generally, met with buyers at about previous quotations, but the market has since been quiet. Coffee remains in good zequest; a fair supply of plantation Ceylon was. brought forward, and nearly all met with eager buyers at high terms. A small parcel of superior native Ceylon realzed a high figure, but the good ordinary descriptions are not in demand. A cargo of Rio has 3'een sold afloat, for a near port, at an advanced e aotation. The Dutch Company's sales commence a'; Aierdam on the 1st of September, and the ari.ount previously declared hais been increased to 30,860 bags of Java. Saltpctire has realized very firm rates. The spice-market is inactive. The annual sales mIn Holland on account of the Dutch Trading Company, are advertised for the 25th proximo. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 23d of Augulst; g,ves"the following results, when compared with the previous week*. PubLic deposits . .. ...£4,721,846 .... 1iirease £53,628 Other depcits .. ...10,021,829 ...Decresce 538,578 est - ... 3,4l6.323.Decrease .... 42,367 On1 the other sid.e of the account: Government se-urities ... £12,062,022 ... Increas £51,914 Other securities ... ... 14,562,330 ... Decrease 707,865 NTotes ulnemployed ;.. 6,287,650 ...Increase 87,090 The amount of notes in circulation is 19,939,1451., being a decreasei of 140,026l.; and the stockc of bulllion in both departents is 12,435,75CI., showvingo a decrease of 19,8681.. whe.n compaired with thio preceding return. ~~
B3mLsToL SuGA naru r, Aug. 29.-This week- a -noderate amount of business has been transacted in West Inaia sugars suitable for grocery Iorposes, but refining sorts are stillneglected. Rflners' roduce sellsratherimorc freel thanoflate, butprices continue to rule' ery low. Rum steady, but very little offering RuSIA PmIIA&ADS.±-The engineers sent ourto Russia by the Rnunion Financisre, under the presidency of the Baron JaLnes Rothschild, viz., Mr. Edwvin Clark, on the part of the British capitalistsX and M. Jullien, on the part of the continental bankers, have returned to Paris, and made their report on the subject of the proposed Russian railways. These gentlemen, after nearly three months' residence in Rssia, have furnished minute statistics as to the great resources of the empire, and the vant of rail:way communication only for^ their development. -They agree lwith all others in bearing testimony to the liberality of the Russian Governuentin placing every possible source of information at their. disposal,-their reception everywhere having been of the miost kind and considerate description. Their report generally is of a favourable character, and. it is not probable that so fertik afield for enterprise 'miii be iith a hansoinegolds medlbarn h inscritin".jcki : orAPOEERIE'-n r .-The following are the names of gentlemen whlopaed their exanaion in the science and practiceeofradine, and received t t wash, near Derby; Hugh Peogilly M-i E cy, Bytorroea 1'almduth, ;IdASedSel,doZpCNioEVy L ,na
TAIFWAY IL31EI-.-- EASTRRY COUNTIISL. Tuie Ordinary half-yearly genera meating- of -the pa,6. prietors wAg hold at the London Tavern, ishopsgete.atzejt -yesterday; Mr. David Waddingtou, MYP., in the h4r There was, a large muster of the shareholders ou. th e.a s 012, but the prooeeding wOre mot of the stoamy chasaekv which has hfitherto distuingushe the aw mblag of-4 i COmpany. The only ninerraptio'ns~ offered-to the speakZrs askumed the rilld form of cries of "1Speak up," orT time;" and,a the discuaioccupiedno less than four IL*r andt a-quarter, the anditory may be Said, in spite of falling dividends, to hav exhibited remarkable patience and de6@. rum. The Chairman anda directors wemre rceived on d- ing the hail without any demonstration offeeling, favourable or othxerwise. A&fter the customary formalities the report of the dre~ (an,abstract of which has already appeared in 2Vie TMhes) was by common consent taken as read. The OArs M&N then roae to move the odption of the rePort. He said that on his own behalf, aud on that'of his eolleagues, he ha to express deep regret that t-hat 4166imeat was not more aatisfactory and cIheering in its tenour. It therefore became his duty, briefly to. explain aevoial Points wrhich hlad contributed to giv th I -pr ta *unfvourble omplxion Andfirs hesust refer tol ths extaorinay epenitre ncureddurngthe past halfyea,-h sid xtaorinr~ ecuseitwas xoeptionrain its harcter On itininthi expndiureconsisted of a stu of7,9%. s cmpesaton or nuies,sustained By p5s5wngers. Thchiefly arose from two accidents thatocCUrred in the mionths of October and November last, since 'Which Period he was happy, to say their lie had' been singularly free from casuatiws. This Sum was, hoiwever, considerably in excess of the corresponding charge for the Previous11alf-year. Next came an increase of 2,7212. for wAges to extra Police, pointttm-c, and gignalmen. It wouldt be in the painful recllection Of Proprietors thar, the B~jrd of Trade having issued a Ver strong report si-to the atateor their line, the airectorshad felt themselves beund to take addlitional precautions on every part of ther -i order to guard against the recurrence of accdents Ti had entailed upon them ain unusua ontlay for aliiisa staf t vrius oits uteraiwy. 'The sum hehadjust 3nentioned represente this expenditure There was also in. eluded under the same head a sm for stores night watkh. men,signals, and a few other small items of thatdescriptlmir, the whole Of which might befairly regardedas exoeptional in their nature, and therefore unlikely to be repe-ated. There was likenise an item of 1,0311. for coald supplied to statioii, which had not been comprised in the accounts of prov1ioUz half-years, anmd which it was now necessry to settle up asg arrears. Then came a sunm of 2Z6141. for the expenses of ithe committee Of investiaton. This, amount did not exhaust the whole of this branch of expenditure, because there were certain :egal charges the expernse of ani asslessr, and several Other- Small matter not directlycn nectd -wth tis vestgation, stil to be met; but no doubt the whole0 of this head'of expenditure would be covered by a total of 3,0001. There was a further itemo 5,231. t Mr.Gooi for his commisson, as locomotiv, superintezident. Mr.CGooch had putinaclaim forthisI lag amount, and, althaough the directors did niot conceive tht?a rig'ht to the whole of it cotild be substantiated by that geirtie ma,they had nevertheless thought it the safest cuse t set aside that sum in the meantime for this purpose : and if it should ultimately have to be paid by the comnpany It was some conLsolationx to thein to know -that it was a charge which would not again aLppea in thei cons h bord having engaged the services of -Mr. Sinclair, at a fixed slary, to superintend tiMs department. Mr. Gooch had, however, received 2,0004. that half-year, wvhich, togeihir with the amount above stated as set aLside out of revenue for his commission, wOuld make 7,2501 There was another charge of 2,400-1 for a station. The tota expenditure of an entirely exceptional character, and whi ih might be ta'ken without cavil as no Part of those ordCI. narychage whichathev must continue to meet out of their current earn- inAs was -20,8791. But for this extraordinamy expenditure theylmiht have had a dividend of Se. 6d. instead of 2s. that hl-yTear. Next, for maintenance of way there was a sum of 18,4511. ia excess of the same item forthe correspondlnghalf Of 1855. Ha-ving made a personal inspection of thei line, and carefully examined the expenditure for the past hamlf-yTear under theoheadof permanent way (vix., 48,41i 11J, he was sorry it was not in his powe-r to hold out any hope that this portion of thei in expediture was likely-t, be reduced. Indeetd, wihntels e ashe had received a letter frmM.Brufl hi ngne,i answr to a previous commncain rM hmef hc led hidm to -believe that, hwever mnuch of th3or aden ledy done, the estimated sum of, 150,001 orputting th lie i prooroyrder would notbe sufflcienttocompletethat purpose. ofeIa made inquiie-s of Mr. Bruiff as to the probable cost oftheprmanen't -way in future, and the reply he had elicite from that gentleman satisfed him that they could nOt calculate upon any ProsPective saving under this head. No douLbt the cost of repairs for the stations wouIld hereafter be mauch diminished, but, on the other hand, the expendi-ture on the line for material mnust -hereafter be considerably' augmented. As to the 150,000O. whih was to havea Plated the line inL an efficient state, mr. Braff a- --dL that his estmate had been increased in conequence of his having been compelled, for the safety of the line and for the sake0 of future eoonomy, to putuun entirely ne* structuares, in lieu Of works which he at firsbttouerit capable Of rePair. If Mr. Braff had been left to his own judgment he would have deerrezd these -works tcarmore conveniient season, when the requisite materials might have. bee3i obtainable at a cheaper rate, tbns, alo distibuting the expenditure over a longer Period and at the same timet taking advantage Of the fivourable state of the markets ; but, looking to the, strong report of the Board of TrAde, their engineer had felt it imperative on lhinto execute these inprve3ments forthwith, evenalthough that cours involved the payment of a greatly enhanced Price fOr Materials- at the different POints of the line where they were procurable immediately. Ifavingregar%dto0these circumnstance.s, their engineer stated that his estimate would probsbly beincreased by 25,0001., andl there might be a6 still further excess for one or two other unforeseen items to the extent Of a few thousand pounds. U,. to the close Of 'he Past half-year 12,02774 had beejn expended on renewaLs, but credlit had not been ta'ken for the old materials, for which a reduction mWigtbe made of betweenl15,OOOZ, and Km,00; and they might safely reckont the whole of the excess uander this head at from 25,001.t 30,0001. Compacirsonhdbeenmade,betweenthleezpendL. tor On their own permanent -way and that of other comp nies ; and, indeed a tabulated statement of that kn hadl been put into his own hands that -very day. I ought, however, to be remembered that such coin. Panisons Must be fallacious unles theyI allowed for the mnilesge under working and the length of line to bermaintamned. Besides, thep prAnent way accounts of one coia Pany afforded no fair criterion for .jndging of those of another, One company might profess to charge all its repairs to revenue, and yetlwen +he matter came to Le -anlyzed it would he found that i eai their line vith more expensive ballast the increae% value Of material was Placed to capital, Another corapany taking, up the whole of its rails, and substituting new ones of greter weight, miight reckon the old materials4 at the same figure as the new, andi use them for sidin* andi other purPoses Of that kind, Again, some companies opened a suspense account,, as the Eastern Counties, had done. He didt not assert that that was the most satisfactory mode of dealing with the question. On the contrary, hie wished to see it, if possible, improved; but, on thae ot'her band, if they haCd not openedi a suspense aocount for the permanent way they oulld not 'have pad aydivi - dendawhatever, and great ditesmust have beeniflce on many of the proprietors as the consequaence. He shouldi be glad to see a uniform system adopted uponL all railways in regard to their Permanent way, and if a certain fmixe sum were reserved Periodically for replacing the rail when deteriorated, they would have a fond to fall bac'k upon to, meet all such exigencies, and a valuable improvement wouldi thus be effected in raillwaymanagement. Thle permanent Waywas quit difrent in this respect from the rolling stock, whichL ha to be'renewrea from time so time, and itscost fell pretty equally over eah hal-year. Xe repeated, therefore, that no sound comprsnculd be instituted between the, expenditure of diferewnt racilways unles fullalo ncwa maide for the infinitely diverse circumstance of each. The directors in their report referred to the gret difficulty which had been experienced in regard to their borrowingpowers, Questons ha been constuany ask-ed as to what 'hexad certain sums had been, bor. rowed under; and the commaittee of investigation, being anxiOUS not to injure the credit of the company, ha judiciously refrained -from commenting freely on that subjet. Nevertheless, coinciding withi the directors, they 'had felt the absolute necessity of applying to Lala scent to have their borrowing powers detined. Opposition had bee offered to the passin of their act for this wpurpee hut the had happily, overcome, it, and the hoard had that ay t askthe Proprietors to sanction the raising of money under that bim to enable them. to construct various works on their line, amnounting in the aggre-gate to 1320001. These works incDluded the enlargement of stations, the erection of aheda, Purrhases Of land rolling stock, &c. 'When-the Piroposed outlray was made, tlheir capital account, as far as regardledt locomotive stockl would be virtualy closed. Xe had only to add, that the'lVodfrd and Loughton brancah had eeii opened very recently, and wra alread wking atisjaetry In uoclusion. he begged to move the adpto of, the 7waseceve wiNsthenloud to addres's the meseting and wasecive-wthlDuapplause. esi the reh arha of,the chairman: upo th mpossiiiyo mkn n accurate comprsnbetween the expedtreo neln and hat f aothe ha left a pnflimpression on his aind, tand nof doub on thMid.ftenrnits l (Hear.) Ie, however, ventured to contove--that asse tion, and maintained that, under a system of accounts free from aL mystification, sucha comparison could beinstitued with perfect fairness. The chairn of the Great Northern ,oDly Last week sagaiously obeerved that nntil pariiment determined by legislation what were working expenses and what were not it ws impossible to render tho manaemnent of railways more intelligible- and he (SIr. Malins might mention that the RaIilwayCReform Association intended to apply to Parliament next session foran act to zqegulat raiways, wh:ch?, he hoped, woua effectUally correcs thih evil. tOheers.) iftheowneriofrawilaypropertyweresu; - nientiyunitedit would not bein the power of ParliAentto deal'withtheiina uiinthezecikemineerithithet,ohul done. Thewayuin hich duplieate lines had boen saneoead 'where oid ones exitede ata acost auenormouaoutlayws enQugh to bring destruction upon any euntwrsie ; and umli the ailuwa y companies brought their ebinea- i1i to ber upon the klouse~of Cdmons a eeald wet be pKt So the sysem -of spoba and conuaomu hi& had bIee suffeze&togo onfvilon50b (Hear,hear.)- ~Tvhewsiso reasorh why the propries X railays auldbae .eby law any mor- than Jandhoaldeis o-ter ew s ef thes. -Unless, thefoie,- they- intepoe peelr-. to stm this torrent. :of zbikri te ruin ed- vw0,00QOOQ4;,
STATE eP TR ADE. BRADFORD, AuG. 28. For some time past an abandant supply of wool has kept pouring into tlis market, and Tse have now on hand large q-aantities of all kindsof combing and colonial sorts. Pkrice, therefore, are not quite so firm as they were some time ago; but as the staplers have purchased their stocks at high rates, they find themselves compelled to stand out against the lowering tendency of the marLet. Business is consequently checked, and the transactions are very limited. Business in yarns displays a manliest improvenient. Last week the operations for the continent were more extensive than had been the case for a long period previously. This week there wavs even an increase upon the transactions of rast, and where the spinners would concede a fraction in favour of the exporters, the latter were very ready to enter into contracts for future deliver. The high price of the raw material, however, compels spmners to act with caution and to stand firm; and the fact that the production is at present linited (a great quantity of machinery having been stopped in consequence of the high price of wools and the unremunerative pnce of yarns) is in their favour. The manufacturers of worsted goods are evidently determined to obtain better prices for their fabrics than have been current. It is quite time, too, that they should do so, inasmuch as for months"It they ha-e not been able to cover the cost of produchon. Last week the demand for seasonable fabrics was tolerably good, and promisncg for the flture; this week, in consequence of the wetness of the morning and the occurrence of the triennial musica1festival, fewer merchants have appeared in the market, and business has been duller. There is no change, however, in the relative position of the parties, and the prospects of the manufacturers may still be said to be improving.
STEAMIBOAT COLLISION OFF MARGATE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It is only right that publication should be given to the fact of a collision between two steamers which left Rassgate at 9 o'clock on Thursday morning last for London. The vessels in question were the Prince of Wales and the Aquila. I was on board the latter, having traveUed from Sandwich to Rauisgate early on that mornig. The t.o vessels appeared to he racing; they shapedtheir course within a few yards of each other, often steerang when alongnd e upon convergino lines; and, after several narowr escapes, the crash tooJ: place. Either vessel vwas thrown nearly upon its beam-ends; the ladies rwere terrified; and, although neither wras dsabed, the danger was by no means inconsiderable. I cannot undertake to say upon which side the blame preponderated. My impression, however, was, that a collision might have bean prevented by either captain; and it was obvious to all, for a minute at least previous to the event, that the two vessels were steering apon a common point. As it is probable that, i£ I fail to make this communication to yourself, the delinquents, be they w homl they may, will go scot free, and, these dangerous and disgraceful coDlisions he repeated I beg to ask for publication to the present statement. I have, &c., w.
Cui BONiO? AMEASADxOiS.-.An English philosopher narrates the story of a bearwhose erpetua.l exstence was deemed necessary for the safety of certain Swiss Tilpage. As soon as the bear for the time being bem idiaposeda successormwas 3 imedatelyprocured, t te mht not be an interregnum of beardom for a single moment. v. one occasion, however, the reigning bear died before a successor could be got, andothe debate that ensued respecting the awful emergency lasted several weeks. At lst a shrewd old peasant called attention to the fact that during the time consumedin discussion no parlicular calanity ha befaen the vilage, and they might as well try the effect of the bear's absence for a few weekcs maore. T'he other villagers perceived the truth of thes remarks, a nd the dlyuasti' of bears was at an end. We desire to play the shrewd_ old peasant on this ocasion. It is only necessar to tran.orm a bearSinto a Bull, and-our parable is pointed. For H:eaven knows how rany years the political world haa been s e ed -with the belief ibat an ai bsmdor Bull at 11ashington was a necessry condition to our national existence. 'What will they dole Who willucceed? are questions wvhich wero eagerly canivassd in the spring maonths of the year. It is beginning now, however, to occur to a few inquisitive niindsthat the time nay come when we shall have no ambassador, znd that the world wMi ot wag thresf o£nejot leessittyor lesswise. 'What isanambasador,lfterall? Agentleman whospeas Italianand French, and is3 perpetually sying on a number of other gentlemen who speak bad Enlih onewho is compelled 6occasionally to get Lip a row to s.owthat "ho is doing something," and sometimes involves whole peoples in warfare because his lady is not placed in proper 'rotation in some leveolistorball. Todu this,andlie on alloccasions forhils country's good, isthe business of an ambassador. For 'wha benefit such a functionary should be retaie isa marve .Are nations to go on rioting for ever about yellow wAistcoats and black pant., now that the world is in its prime and got out,t of the medissval nurs-ery?7 It is now some two or three monLths since Mr. Crampton took his departnre, and, like the Swiss villagers, the worl'd is beginning to find out it goes on even far mnore comfortably And , qitly in the absence of the boar. The exeinewl o els on thq-Alste'd-intelligence of ou epe tol,pr hips, be sLmewhat 14old-tW fix evena prxmtugpro for the exti46ui.of tle bbardom, u vnsse etil tending towairda-th4t _11aornful rsl.lr Plnrtn we see by the telegraph, seems sesbl live toth tut of our rewzsongn, and disposed for the present to leive l alone. Aco tinuity',c!thiaexceUentinLt.ation, hjsayus-&t aEsured, Wiu ie no, sorrow to any one in this eountrr, except Messrsitrtr~ -and -waudedng. ofgt-eatc thA,t class, who wil find *3it ~the de paoe-of Oraniptoaa4nd'his ptrnity. that, like Otellq, thelroccuptionigoe. .e25 York imes. 1- . I-- :, SALARIF ~ QF -P?oVINiCXAL`r'OsflcsThs-TAO salaries of jostmiaslers-in Xngland and'W-41es -for tho carrent year amiount to 52.4074,; ih Ireland to10,O1, ;'A ~nin Scotland to s,l601.-C~2r'c ael
LOKOB SAURAY AUGUS m 3 ),1856 It wo,illd 'een~ thst the era wheuit iiio g aU'' no longer neo,d:to, ,defend 'thiel'vem a ' yet ar off in the opinion, of Europa rlers. -The lat war awolke m any of u& fron daeam& of a mil lennium of free travelling and prosperous ex,pprt trsde, but thera in aiow little inclination to abinIdon tthose meaus of defenca which wl1e have created'at .uch a cost. - A -continental kingdom which, lie our own, cannot afford to forget the; art of VwAr,, is engagedl with equal diligence. Among - the greatest military-works of the present age imut be . reckonel the reconstruction of the fortress of Alesandria. This itronghold has been remsricable in the history of Northern Italy during many generations. It has alternately defended Austrians against French and French againit Austrians. When Italy pad into the hands of the Fmsr! CDwsuL, the genius of great engineers and a vast expendituro of money were employed to maTre Alessandria one of the. strongest bulwarks -of France. The Austrians on the fall of NAro.aoOi destroyea the works,- ad nov, after the lapse l'f more than 40 years, the Piedmontese Goverm,en, is intent on their complete reconstraction. The xITG is no doabt aware that on the indepeidence of his own territory' rest all 'the hopes of ltal_y. The State which he go,verns lies between two great military monarchies,, ' and he may suffer either from their discord or their too close aliance. With Austria his country has been at wsr within- a few years; the srinciplee which Sardinia represents are considered by the Viennese statesmen as hurtful to their ewn int.- rests, and the demands of the Sardinian Envoy aU the Conferences of Paris wiU not be speedily forgIvafi orforgotten bythe Power whose pride and intere3tsi they threatened. The world will therefore think that VIcTo; E:--rru&N 's advisers do well t3 turn their attention-to the reconstruction of-the great lItalixxx fortress. It adds not a little to the self-confidence of a minor State if ithas a tronghold ofthe first-class, under cover of swhich its small arMy can make head against the forces of a too powerful neighbour until the assistanoe of sympthizing allies can be obtained. Pieamont, placed between great warlike States, much resembles in position and history the Belgian lkngdom. Consequently Alessanaria has baei more than once the scene of great events. The last time that it was taken by siege was in 1745, when it capitulated to the Zpaniar&ls; it surrendered to the Russian armiez in 1799, after a blocklade, in that memorable campaign when, with its young General in the East, the French Republic was unable to with. stand the combined forces of the CzAn and the German EsrPRor;, seconded by the whole power of Great Britain. We may well hope that never again wl a foreign enemy set foot within the precincts of the fortress. Bat it is a, strange reflection what monarchies have, -witlin little more than a century, been powerful enough to send conquering armies iato this region of Europe. Spain, whose Viccroys ruled at bIilan and Naples for so many years, and which even in the middle of the last century -was a firstrate State, is now of no more account in Europe than a small German kingdom. Its decline within the present century has been the most rapid in the history of the world. We can hardly realize that this kingdom, which now has only a few frigates and corvettes, was, in the memory of men still living, a great naval Power. JzRvxs fought the battle of Cape St. Vincent, in 1797, against; 27 Spanish snil-of-the-line-a force equal to the combined armaments of France and England in the Black Sea. After eight years more of warfare the monarchy was still able to put to sea 15 sail-of-theline at the battle of Trafalgar. Since then everything has gone,-army, fleet, reputation, colonies, ships, and commerce. The_so-callII Indies, from Texas to Patagonia, have become independent republics, or passed under the dominion of the Anglo-Saxon race. The poverty of the land is now as proverbial as its former wealth. The grandees of the kingdom have fallen from theic high place among, the aristocracies of Europe. We are now accustomed to look only with pity or contempt on what is passing at Madrid. If this has been the fate ofthe greates' of despotic kingdoms we may well have hope for the future. Spain was, during a long period of European history, the dread of all who had the cause of liberty at heart. The reformed religion, popular institutions, the independence of all second-rate States were supposed to be endangered by the preponderance of a monarchy which cared for nothing but to spread its unscrupulous and crushing sway. Spaniards were supposed to possess above all men the genius for conquest, and to be inspired by a fanaticism which made them certain of success in war. They rulel Italy, with a rod of iron; they held all that was seemingly valuable in the New World; they were great in the Indian Seas, and at the Philippines establshed the most flourishing colony of those regions. They were the most formidable enemies England or France had ever met, andto resist them manfully was looked upon as the highest and boldest of all achievements. Yet they have passed away, and an invasion from another planet is not more improbable than that a Spanish army should ever again summon the fortress of Alessandria to surrender. Russia has been to Xurope for the last hundred years in some degree what Spain was in the old times. She has conquered and ruled mercileosly. Her government has been conducted with the same vigilance an(d cunning, and inspired by the same unscrupulous ambition. Fanaticism has been a. powerfl agent in forming an ignorant people into fit instraments for the purposes of aggressive warfare. The world in general has had the same notion of a manifest destiny which was to give the Czars a supremacy in Europe; anad the delusion has almost tended to fulfil itself. Yet, if wve consider that Spain was once far more terrible than Russia ever was, we may hope that, like Spain, the aggressive monarchy of the NSTorth will one day ceawe to give uneasiness to civilized Europe. Even now we can hardly imagine Russian troops besieging a Piedmontese fortrebs, although it is not yet siy years sinea Alessandria opened her gates to SuwAR&ow'S army, and little more than 40 years since 160,000 Ruasians were reviewed on the plains near Troyes. There, is reason to believe that a crisis in the history of Europo has just taken place, or rather that the late short and bloody war was a- sign that influences have been growig within the present generation which will for- ever stop the aggressive plans of the Russian Czars. The, wonderful increase of the Western nations in wealth, population, and power-the capacity of such a country as England to cary on a war for manyyears withoutfeeling the burden-the rousingof the East to activity and civilization-even the: presence of great free communities in the New. WOrld and Australia, must diminish the chanoes of despoticambition in a struggle against independenoe and national rights. It seems, therefore, that Piedmont and Italian independence have outlived. the fear of two powerful States whose armies. have in old times trod the Italian soil.: There remain nouw but -the Power which ha1s during the, whole period of what mi6eshed modermr history, been associated, mostly for. cevil, -with "the annals .of Italy. It is avowedly agist Austi thiit fhe bations" and for* -of .edi-ia rising; We do not 'blieve that% the CoUrt 'of Viennam ill willingly engae: inMan- m &DOc et-niwmich itcwoald1sai tW =P symp,atbi a iopiething more than ib'e mi ,ns against it,; blut--iUt inOt thoelei nesy to -be proyidaentt And foreemed. Italy wi soon, we hope, be strong inough to dul
Tre argument for the transference of episcopal -ed caDitular etates to a, central Board or an - Estates Commission becomes stronger and clearer the more it is exarained and the more we enter into all the circumstances of that movement with .respect to Church property which has been going :on for the last 25 yeas. The grtet object of that -movement has been the providing a fund for the - relief of the spiritual destitution of large masses of the population, and the means which have been usea have been mainly two-the reduction of episcopal and capitular incomes, and the -enfranchisement of Church estates. Now, it is perfectly evident, and we have already insisted on this consequence, that the instant we reduce episcopal and capitulzr incomes to a certain fixed amount we leave the Bishops and Chapters in the greatest difficulty vith respect to their position as -proprietors and managers of the estates, for they cease to have any interest in their improvement, and persons who have no interest in the improvement of property are not its proper aud natural managers. But the argument is no less strong when wre come to the consideration of the other great step contemaplated and already partially carred out with respect to Church property-viz>, itz enfranchisement. The tenure on which by far the greater number of Church estates are at present held is most disadvantageous to the Church, not securing it more thanbetween on-half andone-thirdoftherealincome which it ought to receive from them. When, then, the movement began, 25 years ago, for the relief of spiritual destitution in the country, and an Ecclesiastical Commsion was instit4ed for the purpose of collecting a fund for this object, that ComMission was charged with the task of looking after the enfranchisement of Church property, was invested with powers for facilitating it, and was gUt into correspondence with all the Bishops and Chapters for this purpose. But, the Bishops and Chapters being still the proprietors of these estates, the Coommission could only recommend steps to be taken for this enfranchisement, and could not enforce them. This most important change in the tenure of this property was left to the choice and initiation of bodies that had no interest whatever in this change. The income of the Chapter, being fixed, was exactly the same, whatever enlargement of rental might be gained by the change of tenure, and therefore the Chapter had no interest in such enlargement. What wa the state of the case then, and what is the state of the case now ? Eere is an Ecclesiastical Comnmission, established for a great ecclesiastical and national object-viz., that of providing a fund for the enormously increasing spiritual wants of the population. The chief and most promiing instrument for the supply of this fund is the change of tenure in Church property, and the Coammission has no direct power for effecting this change. A body which has the greatest interest in the enfranchisement of Church property has no initiative power for effecting it; a body which has no interest at all in its enfranchisement remains invested with this initiative. We speak of the interest which the Eclesiastical Commission has in this step-not, of course, meaning private interest, which they have no more than the Chapter-but ImbUic interest-the interest which a public trustee has in the success of the object -which is intrusted to him, and the use of the necessary means for it. Now, then, to come to the results of this system; for a sensible inquirer will naturally 2sk how this system has worked, and what, as a matter of fact, is the amount of enfranchisemnent which has tak-en place ? The statement which the Select Committee makes is, that the total cessation of the system of fines, as well upon lives as for years, "has been carried "into effect upon nearly the whole of the "separate estates of the chapters of Southwell, " Wolverhampton, York, Carlisle, 'Chester, Peter" borough, and Glocester, and of the Sees of Bath " and Wells, Ripon, and CarliEle ; and so far as " regards le-ses for lives upon the estates of the "sees of Canterbury, York, St. Asaph, Chester, "Eily, Lincoln, Norwich, Peterborough, and " Salisbury." Noew, this statement would produce at first the impression that quite as much had been done in this direction as the public had any right to -expect, and as any system or arrangements whatever could have effected. But when we examine it at all accurately this impression is a good deal dirmnished. We observe, in the first place, that only one-third of the Chapters and not one-half -of the sees .appsar in this statement; and, in the next place, that where. a distinction is drawn between one kind of leasehold tenure which has been generally abolished and another which remins, it does not appear what proportion the kind which is abolshed bears to that which remains. And when the statement speaks of " nearly the "whole of the separate estates of the deaneries "and prebends," we are not told how many there -are, and whether they do not bear a very small proportion to the corporate estates. Again, the Select Committee state, that " Their " recommendation for the substitution of a fee "simple for P. leasehold tenure has been carried "into effect within the last five years by enfran- chisements relating to property of the value in "fee simple of seven millions of money." But we are not told what proportion the enfranchisement of the Iast five years beats to that of preceding ones; and we must remark that the pecuniary phraseology and formunie used in this statement are somewhat deceptive. The Committee uses the very largest fgures that the most perspective computation can enable them to do, and dips deep into futurity for their sum. But what do Lthese " seven millions" really amount to-i. e., what is the present amount of church rental,which is the subject of this change1 end of which the enlargement some twenty or thirty years hence will then represent a capital of. seven millions ? A capital of seven millions, in- vested in land, yields at 3 per cent.-a very fair inierest to allow it-210,00G. a-year. But this rental of twenty or thirty years hence does not represent much more than a third of that sam aa the present rental upon the leasehold system What does this statement come to, then, but that come 70,000?. or 80,0001. a-year of Church property has been removed from the leasehold to tho other tenure ? Considering the enfranchising movement has been going on for nearly 25 years, iz this so much to boast of? - Let us now ta-e our correspondenfs, Lor;d Bn Fonn's, statemnent-,viz., "that of 827 trns. "9actions for the enfranchisement of leasehold tproperty on the pmit of ecleskiatical corporations Cof which the Church Estates Commisonern have capprovc.d zinco their appointment, 254 only rerato "gto eatiuZr bodie, w*hile-the rethave refrnce to "episcoya properby, which is an average of scarcely "10 to e3ach chaptAr." If this statement is at all a Vmt one, it would wem that the enfranchiWing novement has had a very slow executor in the Chapters. The fund for the relief of the spiritual destitution producsa now, according to tlhe statement of the Select Committee, 92,6561., which is annually distributed in the shape of grants to poor lenefices and for other Churchpurposes.- If this is not a very large sum to issue fronrihe whole reducing and -enfranchising movement of nearly five-and twenty years, the Commission may -not unfair]y say tnat its hands are tied, that it has no enfranchising initiative, afidno control over Church estates, and. that, while a most important trust is committed to it, the instrument for carrying out its objects-4. e., the improvement of Church property, is in other hands, and in the hands of bodies that have no interest, public or private, in this improvement.
On the continent of Europe the frequent recurrence of saints-days is an nadoubted nuisance. Be a resident at Florence, Nlaples, Munich-wkiere you will, in short-and, it must have struck the English resident as peculiarly hard that he iz E disappointed of his, shoes or his coat, or that his vwfe must do without her new gown, on account of Sr. Isinons, or SAN A-Lieco-uro, or some other beatified personage. In Eingland we rush into the other extreme. From his cradle to his grave-or rather from the age of six years, or thereabouts, until 40-the English artisan or working-man is subjected to the system of work and more work. Save on the Sunday, the word " holyday" is expunged from his lexicon. From morn till noon, from -noon till dewy eve-that is, until the period of gin-drinling and catarrh-he knows no repose. If an artisan, his eye and his hand must be ever at work ; if in the employment of a retail tradesman, the shopman is the galley-slave of the public caprice. We read, indeed, in calendars, almanacs, and other such official publications, that the Qumez's birthday, Christmas-day, and Good Friday bring some instalments of repose to the overtasked bank clerk in anticipation of that happy period when the weary shall be at rest, but we know of no other oases in the dr-ary Sahara of Iabour, as far as England is concerned. l\ow, this defect in our social organization of late years has attracted the attention of various benevolent persons, who have come to the conclusion that on the whole it is not absolutely necessary, either for the industrial progress of the country or for the happiness of the Englsh people, that they should never enjoy one moment of repose in the course of their earthly career. The proposition which has been the consequence of this reflection is, that in each reournring week the Saturday afternoon shall be considered as a period of relaxation and repose. It happens, fortunately, that even the chiefs of the Sabbatarian movement have given in to this idea. Their opinion is, that if one afternoon in the week be allotted to relaxation, their own position will be the stronger when they insist that the whole of the Sunday shall be spent in devotion. With this conclusion for the moment we are not concerned, but the real difficulty remains-that is. the arrangement between employers and emplojed. On the one hand it would be simply idle to profess that we were bestowing any boon upon the people if, at the same time that we freed them from one-twelfth of the period of their labour, ve -were to mulct them in onetwelfth of their wages; on the other hand, it would be bard indeed upon employers if philan4hropy were to compel them to pay the full payment for labour 11-12ths of which only have been rendered. Granting that there is the most perfect wish on both sides to arrive at a satisfactory settlement of this long-agitated question, the real difficulty of the case remains. This difficulty, however, is rather apparent than real. The energy of the labouring an cannot be accurately measured by the period during which he is confined to his task. In many branches of business, and by many benevolent persons, the experiment has been actually tried if the same amount of labour cannot be obtained in a less period of time when the hearty goodwill of the labourer has been secured. Whenever tried, the result of this experiment has been, that if a certain reasonable amount of relaxation be conceded an equaal-perhaps a greater-return is secured in the shape of work absolutely performed. Alen and women are human beings, not engines. The possible products of their industry cannot be measured, as in the case of machinery, by so many revolutions of a wheel, or by so many tu-ns of a crank. When zealous, fresh, and with a good heart for work, they will produce more satisfactory results in one hour than they woulA in two or three holrs when jaded, dispirited, and dull. A trial has been made, we are told, in various important establishments, and in no single instance has the concession of a half-holyday on the Saturday proved a failure. The real hitch has occurred in the case of retail tradesmen, for they have felt that their legitimate chances of gain were diminished if they were compelled to close their establishments at an earlier hour than heretofore upon that day which to them has been the day of busiest traffic. We have no right to declare a crusade against them on this account. It is not to be expected that they will sacrifice their interests to the philanthropic idea which has just now taken possession of the public mind. We do not, however, despair even in their case of arriving at a satisfactory conclusion. It is quite obvious that, w-hen the customs of the country have accommodated themselves to the change, the same amount of purchases will and must take place in five and a-half days as heretofore in six days. The public have the remedy in their own hands, and can bring about the inevitable result sooner or later at their own pleasure. All that need be done is, that the purchases for the use of families shall be made during the earlier days of the week or on Saturday mornings, and the retail dealers will be too happy to concede the half-holyday to the persons in their employment, and, to take it for themselves. There is really far less difficulty in their ease than in that of those employers who live by exacting from their workmen such and such a tale of work throughout the week. An illustration which may serve to show that the interests of retail tradesmen are not much injured by a period of closed doors is the practice of our Jewish fellow-subjects. Tradesmen of the Jewish persuasion refuse to buy or to sell from sunset on Friday until sunset en Saturday--that is to say, they shut themselves out from the chances of gain for a period twice as long in each successive week as that which is now asksed from their Christian compeers. The Jew will not sell on the Saturday, nor will the Christian buy on the Sunday, but on the whole the Jew keeps his head above water, anld does not frequently figure in the (&avzee. In our impression of yesterday we printed the report of a public meeting which had been held in the Town-hall of Manchester in aid of the half-holyday movement. In that town the upper shopkeepers and the warehousemen have already adopted the Vysem, without detriment' to their interests. The factory operatives also hX been released from their wearisome abour on the Saturday afternoon, and with the best results. ionew system would, ineed, be univer- sally -adopted - in that -large d intelaigent community, but'tha°t-The vegetable and -pro dune ms.ret are held, onl the Sira. The Mayor weeed tha bsines, sand v.rxil2a Zpeakers addressed themselves earnestly to the promotion of the good cause. -Th evil and-the remedy are both indicated in the foowing resolution, which was proposed by one of the gitlemen who addressed the meeting :-_" That the principal "cause of Saturday evening shopping being the "late payment of wages and the keeping open "of the public markets, this meeting suggests " to manufacturers and other employers the payinig " of wages on Friday aftenzoon-3, and to the Mayor c aund Corporation an earlier closing of the " markets." The words which we have placed in itaics contain the tre cure for the disease. Iu London we suffer from the same evil as our friends at Manchester, and there is no kind of reason why the poorer classes of the community should not be enabled to make their purchases on the Friday evening or. the Saturdaymorning just as well as upon the Saturday night, if their wages were but paid in time. This custom of paying wages on the Friday night is one which we trust ere long to see adopted throughout the country in every department of business. The change would remove ninetenthsofthe difficultiesof theSaturdayhalf-holyday. Meanwhile, it is most gratifying to see how the good sense of Englishmen is conducting this ques^tion to a. satisfactory settlement, without any interference from the Legislature, which in such a matter would have been preposterous and absurd.
IEBLAND. (FROM OUR OWN GORREMMDA. D DUBLIN, FPIDAY XORNIWN. THE ORDIUR OF sT. PrATHCc. The investiture took placo yesterday in Dublin Castle, the Earl of Carlisle presiding as ex-officio grand master of the order. His Excellency, both on arriving at and leaving the Castle was very warmly cheered by the populace. The iIarauis of Londonderry was the only knight invested, thie E-al of Granard being absent from severe indisposition. The Chapter of Knights consisted of the Earl of PRoden, the Earl of Wicklow, the Earl of Milltown, the Earl of Rosse, Viscount Massareene, and Lord Cremorne. The Evening Post, in its account of the ceremonial, says:- "'His Excellency the grand master was robed in the splendid mantle of the order-on this occasion made of Nh poplin. His Excellency is the first grand master who has camed out the intention of the Royal founder of the orderof St. Patrick. 1One ofthe originas ordinances requires that the knights be robed in sik or satin 'wmroght within the realm of Ireland,' but Lord Carlisle, with his anxiety to promote native industry and hish manufacture, is the first Viceroy who has carried this Royal instruction into effect. Heretofore, the robes were made in London of French satin; now tney are the workmanship of Ireland's artisans-the silk wrought in Lreland, and so famed and popular as Irish tabinet." A company of the 2d battalion of the Grenadier Guards, with the drums and fifes, formed the guard of honour, and the fine appearance and handome equipment of the men attracted universal attention. TME HAVEST. The weather, although somewhat broken, is not unfavourable for harvest operations. A good deal of rain has faUen during the week, but its badeffects have been neutralized by a constant brisjk wind and occasional glimpses of warm sunsiine. The potato holds its ground, and there are no new accounts of the appearance of the blight. THE FUNDS Three per Cent. Consols, 94i4; New;Three per Cent. Stock, 944 * Baulc Stock, 227; N ational Bank of Ireland, 221,G3 O pasdJ 32.; City of DublinSte3m Company, 50g paid, 1 ditto, Shares of 1836, 50L. paid, 304;Wicklow Copper Min, 5g. paid, 29.^ ditto, for account, 29..
BBRIDGBWATER ARCHEOLOaICAL I ASSOCIATIONZ. BATH~ AUG. 29. The association returned to Bridgewater last night from their visit to Clevedon. The day was extremely unfavourable; but although the rain prevented the members from visiting the camp at Cadbury and one or two churches ineluded in the programme, the association found much com- satien inmspecting the antiquities of C]evedon churcb, n-in-Gordano church, and Tickenham church. The visit to Clevedon-court, the picturesque and romantic seat of Sir Arthur Hallam Elton, was replete with interest and enjoyment. Sir Arthur and Lady Elton were absent, but they had given directions that tho man. slon should be thrown open for the inspection of the visitors. Clovedon-court has a fine front, chiefly of the 14th century, with a porch and room over it, and a beautiful squanre-beaded window with reticulated tracery. The great baronial hall of the mansion, a lofty andfinely roportioned apartment, hung round withportraits of tne family, possessed something more than anti. quarian interest, for the members of the association since they found an elegant and substantial cold collation awaiting them. Lady Thton had requested some friends residing inthe vicinity to superinted the preparation; and they carried out her ladyship'shospitable design's with grea' good taste and efficiency. A{tr the association had partaken of tbe repast, Mr. Pettigrew, the Vice-President, expressed the acmowledigments of the association to the hospnitable owner of Clevedon-court, sad roposed tho health of Sir Arthusr and Lady Elton, which wasdnk with chees that made the old hail resound. The rain having now partially ceased the visitors walked in the grounds and terraces of the mansion, which they left with regret to proceed upon their round of visits. Somersetshire is one of the richest counties in the domestic architecture of the 14thi and 15th centuries. It is remarked that the houses in this peaceful county are in general very slightly fortified. Mcontacute-house, Clevedon-court, and Martock seem scarcely calculated for defence beyond rmerely keeping off robbers. From the beattiful quality of the stone most of tho buildings in this part of the county are in fine preservation. The association arrived at Bridgewater about7 o'clock, and after the usual ordinary at the Royal Clarence Hotel, the concluding meeting of the Bridgewater Congress was held in the town-halt A paper by Mfr. Brent, Jun., on Scribes and Notaries, was read by Mr. Pettigrew, and Mr. Black again deciphered some of the ancient rolliof the corporation of Bridgewater. The VIcE-PsesIDENT (Mr. Pettigrew) having expressed the warm sense entertained by the association of the kind. ness and cordiality with which they had bem received by the mayor and inhabitants of Bridgewater, votes of thanks to the authorities, the local committee, and the archueolo. gists of the neighbourhood were unanimously agreed to, and suitably ackno6ledged. This morning the Vice-President, the Very Rev. the Dean of Landaff, and the other members set out for Bath. The members of the local committee had assembled to receive the association in the Royal Literary Institution, and Ca tasn Scobell, M.P., Mr. T.ite, NP., Mr. John Britton, and several of the gentry and clergy of the town and neighbourhood, were also present. Dr. Markland, havln taken the chair, welcomed the association to Bath, and read an interesting paper on the history and antiquities of the city. Tho same sabject was further pursued in detail bythe Rev. H 1L Scarth, who read a paper on the Roman antiquities of Bath; and by Mfr. Davis, who gave a sketch of the churches in Bath. Tho association then adjourned, and r assembled at 2 o'clock, when they proceeded to visit the churches and public buildings of the town, The Abbeychurch, of course, first claimed their attention. The Abbey-church dates from the -ear 1500. It is one of the latest specimens of perpendicular Gothic in the kingdom; and, although not completed until 100 year afterwards, is uniform in its character. The west front has a vast and magnificent window of seven lights flanked by turrets, on which are caned an,els ^ scendingand descending by ladders. The sculptor thought it necessary to distinguash between theaseendir, anddescendingangels by representint the latter with their.heads pointed to the ground, It w.s stated that ond of these heads fell at the foot of an alder. man, and that, to prevent the recurrence of a similar accident, the other fig>Aures were decapitated. The battlements of this front are varied and very rich. The transept windows aro of extraordinary height and of considerable beauty, butthe vast lsze and great number of the windows in this church remind one how much the interior would be improved by the ise of stained glass. The excquisite fan-aha tracer. of the choir and of the choir aisles was reatly admired. Prior Birde's chapel, remarkable for the richness and purity of its decorations, is a beautiful specimen of architectural design and elaborate workmanship. A bird in the letter W,, the Prior's rebus for " W. Birde," is. repeated in many parts of the tomb, and ia the -pandrils, vwhich are composed of beautifuUy wrought foliage, a bird is fhequently introduced. Tho roof consisfs of four divisions of fan-shaped tracery. In the centre panel is a shield charged with the Prior's arsasurmounted by aA mitre. The tomb of the npions Bishop ontagne, the liberal benefactor to this church at its restoration, the tombs of BeaullTash,Quin, May Eanston(withDry den's admirable -epitaph), Maithus, Lady eWaller, Canon Bow.^es, &c., were neAxt examained. The asocivation also directed its attention to the east front of the church, where the remains of a Romn temple, which stood on this ste consisting of the bases and partof thesfts0ffour half columns, my be distincty seen. The association next visited BelloWs Hospital founded by the steward of the household to Quee n Elizabeth. Hoeley House, ono of klbs oldest mansons in Bat, built bySir W. Hungerford in the time of Queen Eizabetb, contains a fine specimen of the wood-carving of the period over the chimneypiec. It is now occupied as a chapel by the Mormonites, andinvitations to believe in Joeeph Smith and to emigrate to Nauvoo met the eyes of the ady tisitors. The wciatiou afterwards visitei ihe City Baths andpump-rooms, and the house onc occepied qbylean Naak; Tbemqrnines reerinatioen concluded by- a viit to St. Mi I'a churc whern sme of the ancient records ofthe Atbb church wre" examined and ed by Mx. Blac. is - -The asociation nexi adoarned to renambl* at4ins at the Guffidhahl. taoiial nene ht li abuld take plac*kA.the'ardens of the Eo'a l,J tutiozi but this desiaswas sabi oned in consoqu4jk oj the uss8etI s tattha^, ^bw .
- THE QURSEATS JOUBR-NY.. I .IRiVLIN EDINBURGa. : i AlBBUwiGFa, THIMSDAY EVENWG. The Queen, Prince Albert, the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, and the Princesses AlUce, Helena, and Louisa -riLved here this evening, accompanied by the Earl of CLar6ndon, the ?Jarclsioness of Ely, the Hon.Mary Seymour, the Hon. General Giey, the Hon. Colonel Phipps, Sir James Clark, &c. The:Royal trainreaedShMargaretis station at 6 35, being five minutes in anticipatioD. of the time specified, the journey of 899 miles having been accomplished in 10' hoars, or 9% hours execlding stoppiges. The whole journey was accomplished without casualty or detention of any kind, and was performed, with great regularity and preision throughout. Her Majesty was received at the station by' theDuke o' Biaceleiclh, Viscount Melville and staff, Mr. Sheriff Gordon, &c. The Royal party immediately alighted and proceeded to their carriages, on entering which they were greeted with the national anthem played by the band of the 5th Dragoon Guards, theloyalstrains of which were soon responded to bythebooming oftheCastle guns in tho distance. The weather in Edinburgh had all day been most unpropitious, but, with Her Majestys usual good fortane in this city, where the " Qneen!s weather" has become an almost synonymous phrase for brillant sunshine and bracing air, a light breeze arose between 5 and 6 oclock, which cleared the sky, and shortly before Her Majesty passed through the park the rays of the evening sun lit up the ene. ! Considering the unpromising state of the weather thiere wras a large assemblae in tho park, theowholo wavy indeed being lined with spectators, almost as densely as usual A fine military spectacle greeted Her Majesty in passing along the drive. The line was kept by the ~34th Itegiment, the gallant corps selected for the assault of tho Redan on the disastrous 18th of! June, under the coammand of Lienternt-Colonel Kelly, who was for some time a prisoner of the enemy ; also by a battery of artillery, coneisting chiefly of Crimean veterans, paraded in jield order and zeady for astion, while the escort was formed n themr,oute partiroly lined by th. 5th Drao Guards, who afit!d in the charge of the heavyv brigade at sBalaidava. A large majority of the mea on tic ground wrere there. fore decorated with the Crimean medal, whille several of them also bore still more distinguishec.khonomrs awfarded them by the Emperor of the French. Followed by the loud cheers of the assemblage. Her Majesty reached Holyrood about a quarter or ten minutes before 7. In the portico the Royal party were received by the Lord Provost, Mr. Black-, M.P., Sir Benjamin Hill, Chief Comuissioner of Pablic Works, and other gentlemen. The Royal dinner party took place at 8 oclock in the Throne-room. It incladed, in addition to the members of the suite, the Duke of Baccleuch, Viscount Melville, and Sir B. HalL The band of the 5th Dragoon Guards played in the vestibule during the evening. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) At 11 o'clock Her MLajesty and the Royal family drove in open carriages through the city, bat without visiting any public buildings. They afterwards went roand the Queen's Drive. At 4 o'clock they drove out to Craigmillar Castle, Hawthornden, and Roslin, a circuit of above 20 miles, returning to Holyrood before S o'clock. There were no military demonstrations. The weatheris brilliant.
THE F.RENCH PRISONERS IN CAYENNVE, TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-It is one of the brightest features of this age that 'the English press, and more. especially The Times, should have become a high tribunal, before which the most powerful and despotic Government in the world has to appear, there to mest the accusations of a batch of poor prisoners perishing in the swamps of. South America. I take such a tribunal to be far superior to any court-martial, mixed commission, or Star-chamber. I therefore request you will allow me in your columns a few words in reply to tho result of the inquiries made by your Paris correspondent in official quarters. The facts stated in the letter 29ic Times has so fairly inserted and so remarkably commented upon hava taken placo in a very remote country, whither no man is likely to go for the express purpose of verifying them. The French Government is perfectly aware of the fact, and this is the reason why it screens so confidently behind a hold denial of some of tho statements held forth the moral responsibility it has incurred. I have little doubt that the King of Naples, although in a much less favourable condition, i, as ready to affirm that there is nothing but falsehood in tho accusations levelled at him. Fortunately, the question is one of common sense. Is it oonceivable that 38 men, living at the mercy of their enemies in a place so far distant, with no prospect of materialassistance, should be mad enough to sign aletter falsely stating as practised upon them such cruelties as theso-the chains with a cannon-ball Attached, thefloggings at the stalke, the 'blows and brutal outrages? Is it credible that, while their most obvious interest 'is to soothe the feelings of those on whom they so entirelj 'depend, they should as 'much as run the risk of inflaming to frenzy by signed calumnies the anger of their gaolers 7 The very fact of so many persons having, under such circumstances, appended their names to a letter expressly intended for publicity is a decisive proof that their denunciations are not only trae, but have been forced out from them by the agony of despair. Besides, it should be borne in mind that, concerning the abovementioned cruelties, there is not the slightest discrepancy to be found in the various reports sent at differe6nt periods by different prisoners. Your correspondent has been told in official quarters that in August, 185I, those assembled on the EB du Diable had their residence changed to the continent, and were then subjected to military discipline. Well, long before -that is, in October, 1851-a letter had been written and made public, with 'the signature of the author appended to it, in which it was positively said:-" The proscribed in French Guiana are subjected to forced labour (travanx forigs) side by side with the most vile criminaIs. The regulations of the galleys, are applied to them in al their rigwour. They wear the old clothes of the deceased convicts, with the letters "T.F.," and the very vord "galley-slave" is written in capitals on the upper leather of their shoes. Their food is that allowed to galley-slaves. For the first months of their sojourn they have exclusively lived on "m meteel" and "c ouac," which were the diet of the blacks before the abolition of slavery. If one of them venture to remonstrate against the boundless insolence of their subaltern tyrants, woe t'o him I Hle is immediately put to the rack. Starvation being added to sorrow, and the influence of a deadly climate to ill-treatment, 35 bodies out of 200 have been, in a few months, cast as prey to sharks; for in the Isle of St. Joseph the prisoners have no other ccmetery than the sea." It must be remarked that ;t the time these statements were made public no voieo rose to contradict them. When your correspondent asserts that three of the persons mentioned are liberated galley-slaves, and four of them repris dejusCice, he happens to confirm, in the most striling manner, one of the facts that have been denounced-namely, that in French Guiana the political prisoners live side by sidevwith ordinary criminals. Is it true that tho seven whose nsaIes your correspondent gives are really liberated galle slaves or repnis de jusl*ce? I cannot tell, as I know nothmng of them. But supposing this to be true, how can this "assist in an estimate of the character of the men from whom the ranks of the Republican parLy are recraited ?" Were not men transorted in conseauence of the couy c'etat vho belonged to vanous parties? Was not the conp d'tet resisted by persons sharing in the Legitimist or tho Oreanist opinions ? Among the victims who were then strdck in the dark, ptle-me, and transported, "some by judgment of drumhead courts-martial, some without trial at all," were there not men belonging to no party whatever ? Is it not obvieus that this very p&e-mg& was one of the most odious consequences of the Cd of December ? The French Government, or such as speak inits rame, wll do well hot to caU to mind thAt Lahr, who died on the seaffold for having treacherously murdered General Bres, in those unhappy days of June, was not onlv an avowzed Bonapartist, but even a Bonapartast recruitsr ? To sum up all, from the inquiies made by your correspondent in official quarters; it follow;s,- L That those deported to Cayenne were sentenced by eithber courts-martial ormixed commissons, whEich a country like England cannot possibly consider as amounting to a lawful judgment. : 2. That out of the 38 who signed the letter as many as 31 vrere punished for no.offence against the laws, the others belnoyseven. 3. That, supposing the seven to be what they are represented,which may bexquestiored till more ample information be got, the consequence is that in French Guiana the political prisoners are confounded with liberated galleyslaves and repi-is de justice,, and subjected to the same punishment. 4. 'That 3If Perot, ex-mayor of Beziers, was trnsporte to Guiana asamatter of favour! For whatcrime? 'Xbisis prudently passed over in silence. 5. That his death by drowning ocurred, as stated by myielf in an attempt to escape, which shows that those unfortunatepeople areready to incur a most terrible death in their a-nety to fly from a life still more terrible. 6. That ia the course of June two political prisonera out of 181 were carried off, although the last surivors may naturally be considered very robust, having been able to stand til nowr the murderous influence of % climate known to be pestilentiaL One word more. 3Is it true that the system of aecret transportation is atill going on,-that not loug so a workman a Paris disappeared on a sudden, without is fumily beingaaware of wvhat had become of him, andthat, upon in. qmnesit wa's foud the mailiad been sent'to Cayenne? ltwou dbe very'gra -in to aright-thinking' mento learn jthat nothing' of the ind ba-.occu±±d 'in Ithis nineteenthv oentury. Whatever may be'whe answer I ahall so congntlate mnyself on biving afforded to the ingllaid Vre ssa oPportunlty to expreafiaentaucentW of bhuaasilty aad u 8>esoghly creditable to IL:- -i! mairoun.Siz. xv=inset ob.& Wi servant. LWUDS JLstU.. ! Aug 29.
THK ECCLSIATA COM ISSlom. ` TO THE EDITOR OF THE TrMES.; | Sir,-Aslha-vng Bieen for some years the autihorof a prop6sl for placing the maiLagement7of ecclesis tical property ili lay hands, and as a. member of' theI Committee of the Eouse 'of Commons ~npon'the] Ecclesiastical Commission, I shall be glad if you will permit me toadd a -ew remarks on your -zeent articles on-the subject. The question of the futire mode of management of church property is- one the resolution of which is now imminent; -and, while the attention of Parliament must shortly, therefore, be directed to it, it cannot be-denied that very grave interests will be involved in the final settlement. TwYo main points must not be lost sight of in considering this question-the first being the ' cbaig'es 'which the course of legislation has latterly sanctioned, with eference to church property; the second,the reason for which these changes were permitted. - ' ' It must never be forgotten that the necessity which was foand to exist of a fund being provided whence the pressing -spiritual destitution- of the country might be relieved, was the cauise which has induced the Legisflature t~o sanction changes of the greatest magnitude, boith as reg,ards the establishment of existing institutions, and the tenure lunder which the estates of the church have been hitherto held. ' The reports of the Church llquiry Commissioners contain a permanent record of what this state of spiritual destitution was 20 years ago.. The last report of the Ecclesiasticml Comnissioners:vill show what has been effected towards its relief, while the records of the Ecclesiastical-office woulddiscover, in the number of applications for augmentation yetunprovidedfor, boththe extent of the halance, and on wh7ch sideitlies. Sorapidhas been the growrth of the population of tbis country during that period, that it is only stating a fact which is 'widely known and generalgyfelt, to say that no very great progress has been made in providing that fund hencer the effectual relief of spiritual destitution isto flow. Now, it required a want so pressing and urgent to justify the magnitude and importance of the steDs that were taken to -provide a remedy; much had to be sacrificed, received notions as to cathedral establishments to be dispensed with, the undisturbed possessions of many generations to be invaded, and, finally, thetewure under which church property had been held-which, short of the renewal fine, was almost considered to be an estate in fee in the hands of the lessees-wasto be changed. If changes so important as these wera requisite, and if the cause whichrenderedthemnecessary be stillin operation, then the conclusion follows that no obstacles ought to be permitted to impede that action which the Legislature intended the law to have in effecting its ends. It cannot, however, be denied that, until some, further change be made, anomalies and inconsistencies will continue to exist, which wrill increasingly operate against the full effectual development of the plans of the Legislature. Let us take, for instance, the case of suspended canonries. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners are entitled to all the proceeds of these canonries, in the same manner in which a canon would have been entitled to them; but the income of sueh canonries consists of a dividend which is the surplus of the corporate revenues of the cathedral when the general expenses have been defrayed. Now, as long as the income of canons was unlimited, the common fund oi the commissioners had this securityit partook of the benefit which resulted from the care of the whole body of canons for their own interests. But in all the richer chapters, Parliament, with the view of adding to the common fund of the commissioners, limited the incomes of the members of those chapters; the check, therefore, upon the general expenditure has been removed, and it will be seen that, however laudable nay be the objects of that expenditure by the chapters, as long as the present mode of dividing the revenues between themselves and the commissioners continues, there is no sufficient security that the common fund 'will obtain those funds which are destined for the important objects of parochial purposes. Neither is this state of things fair upon the commissioners. As long as the-incomes of the members of chapters continued to be -anlimited, complaints were too often heard of their illiberality to those places where their property was situated. Now, on the contrary, while thc c6inmissioners have to exercise a. sometimes vexatious scrutiny over the chnapter expenditure, they, in their turn, are held up in the light of neglecting important interests if they refuse to concur with the chapters in supplying, out of funds to which they are entitled, some local want which it certainly was in the power of the chapter to have attended to before. This, however, forms but an incidental consideration. As regards the main points, it wil be sufficient to observe that, by means of the limitation of chapter incomes, the income of the Chapters of Durham will not ultimately exceed above one-half the present annual value of their estates; and the proportion of other chapters 1ill of course vary with their respective values. One great change, therefore, that is needed in the law is that the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, being invested with a mezt serious public trust, ought to be in possession, not only of the payments which are cnarged upon chapter revenues, but should have full and direct control over the estates whence those payments are to be derived. Until Parliament interfere to bring about a change in these respects, let it not be suppo.-ed that; one will occur -either speedily or voluntarily in those cases wherein it is most required. The love of the possession of large estates, though heavily charged, is not an uncommon thing, for it carries with it a sense of importance and of territorial dignity; but, while this is neither the sure foundation on which an Apostolic church should stand, nor the means of adding to its spiritual life, it impedes the action of those purposes which guided the course of legislation in dealing with these matters. And now a few words uIpon the enfranchisement of church leaseholds. Inthe actsinwhichpoweris given to effect these transaetions, the same object-viz., that of increasing the revenues of the common fund -has been kept in view; bat suffleient securities do not appear to have-been taken in order to complete suceses in effecting that end. It must be rememberea that the recent acts by which enfranchisements are effected relate principally to the terms that may be offered to the lessees, and give new power to ecclesiastical corporations, and not to the commissioners. This lastnamed body required no additional power to -enable them to make what disposition they might think proDer of the estates absolutely vested in them; it was for the purpose of enabling eeclesiastical corporations, aggregate and sole, to enfranchise their property that these acts have been passed. Now, this course was taken in accordance with the recommendations of the committee of. the House of Commons of 1837-8, and of that of the House of Lords of 1851, in order, I have maid. that an increased valiue might be realized,but not-with-the view of inereasinm the incomes of the members- of those corporations. l'he value to be obLtined,by means of- enfranchisements was tobe applicable to parochial and not to capitular purposes. There might - be,- to some extent, correlative advantages to the corporations themselves, especially those having smallerrevenuesin enabling them to acquire those revenues, -without their being suabject to the fuctuations attendant upon fines; but the main inducement of the Leg,isature in. passing the acts in question, without all doubt, had refereue to the purposes for wshich the common fund wsas created. tSuch then beingthe purpose forwhichit has been determined to alter the tenu of church properiy generally, we have still presented to uis the appareat inconsistency, that while the act of Parliament expressly excepts ecclesiastical corporations from any advantage as regards revenue to be derived frorn these transactions, it is-with themselves, and themselves alone, in-conjunction with their lessees, that these transadons from which so much,us to be expected for the church at large are to originate. Now, it will be said that -the interests of the church do formuan adequate inducement, and that it-may safe'y be left to the,go6d feeling -aa sense--of duty of- 6dlesiastical co ttons IO crry. out and cormplete. the - intentions ofAIA Legislattue.- It cwill -uot, be >weUl lhowever, Zin a cjuestion. of 'tl4s -iportance to furmi -too bhi1i u i estemtof.human ntature; let. it xot- be. forzte ^f .1ie}&tci,e m in d th ~iaitka C Cosstioi occupy. r yaiv ver eliat griund; the conmmisson is 'viewed- with-no favourable eye by chaptait ; it }a atepDpedin like *an interloper, and sid by sid,o with canon. and with dean it has claimel Z equaiity of- rights, an& taken itshire of- chzpter kcoCl'e- IThes, it maybosyeaid, are iincerrioni6ow expedients; and this the profane hand of an ats; fIf*t lu of its churchaimnship. Let -us not delude V r- selves then with a too happy notion of iiytof feeling subsisting betweenthe. capitular bodies, and. that coheritor which a stern necessity raised'ip among them. If evidence on this point, were requiredi, it might be found in the fact-that of 8Z7Tttansactions for the enfranchisement!of leaseholad property on the part of ecclesiastical corporations of which the Church Estates, Commissioners have approved -since their appointment, 254 onlyrelate to capitular bodes, while therest have reference to-episcopal property, 'which is an average of seareely 10 to eawh chapter. SncJ. a state of things oug,ht not to be left; as it is; some further change must be demanded, anid, in my humble opinion, not orly do the interests of church property itself require t£aut those who are to receive from it incomes stojbeCt to limitation should surrender its management into the hands of public trustees, buc, besides ftis, let such a question as this be asked, and honestly answered-"' Which is the- mnost fittin alternative,-whether that the dignitaries of the church ahould be the stewards, receivers t and payers to the Ecclesiastical Comtmission, or that the Cobmmission should act in that capacity for them P" This is the point n6wv waiting for public decisiofi; .and my belief is that the public nind will not err In its estimate of the true nature of the duties anld occnpations of sliritual persons. The transference of episcopal and capitular estates to the management of a central board is the truie solution of all difficulties, and it is because this consequence of recernt legialation is constantly shiiked that we are surrounded with anomalies and inconsistencies which such a step, and such alone, would efectually remove. Any- one who will take the trouble to lookthrouglt the evidence taken last sessions before thecommittee of the House of Commons upon the Ecclesiastical Commission will discover that the recommendation of the committee, that the management of estatpa should be exercised by the bishops themselves, was unsupported by and even opposed to the evidence gven before the committee; and the same reasona which would point to the conclusion that bishops' estates would be better managed by lay trustees are equally good for the- case of chapters, who will, sooner or later, be subject to similar limitations, s,d of whose property so large a share is now appropriated for parochial purposes, and is claimed by the common fund. The opponents of such a change are furnished. with arguments which, at first sight, seem to have some weight, but are not in reality substantial objections. It is said that a vast mass of property beinig accumuiated.inacentralboard.would.beopposed to alL usal notions of local action, and entall~its mismanagement. In order, however, to provide incomes for bishops and chapters, it wil not be necessary to accumnulate so large a mass of landed property as might be at first supposed; a portion of these incomes might be derived from tithes, the leases of which either have expired or have been purchased by the commissioners; ground rents would form another rource from which considerable sums, involving no management, might be derived, while, as regards that portion of landed estates which it would doubtless be desirable to retain, the facilities which railway communication now offer for constant supervision would make it as easy for a London agent, or for the commissioners themselves, to attend to al necessary details upon the spot as if they were locally resident. Is it impossible to suppose a large landed property brought under the effective management of a central board determined to do its duty? for, if not, it is better to endeavour to gain such an end under a united and comprehensive system than to have a number of smaller properties subjected to separate managements, and to local and often selfish and. petty interests. Tt is time, too, to discard the notion of indi.gnity being offered to the church by its high officers being stipendiaries. Stipendiaries -upon whom? Either upon a cormmssion composed of themselves, or upon a body of laymen acting, for convenience, as trustees to that commission. The Savereign of this country receives an annual sum in lieu of the Crown estates, the management of which is exercised by a central commission. Can itbe said that there is derogation to her dignity in- such an arrangement? or that faults can be found with the management of these estates under the recent act by which it is now regulated? I must not, however, occupy your space with other arguments. The church of England occnpies a noble position before the world.; she has a noble work to perform, as well within this country as abroad; let her dignitaries rea1ize and respond to her true necessites, and her glory, as well as her security, will be found. in the h. ts and affectons of the people. I remain vour obedient servant.- BLANDFORD. wooas8ock Aug. 27.
TrE ViGII.Awc. CoAraBE sAm E TAi Eor SAw FRA.NcIsco.-It has been asserted 'Dy somebody that c"patriotism is the last resort of a scoundreL" The history of the world teaches us that the aphorism is true, and more particularly inmoderntimes. For the last six weel; the eyesof the-people of this State have been fixed, with an intensity of gaze unparallel.ed, upon the sand-bag fortifica- ento-street. It is wel known that it must require a large sum from dayto day to supporttheorganizationof the Viilance Committee. A large amount offmoney has to he paia montihly for rent-for the support of the prisoners confined in the dungeons of the modern bastile- for the purchase of page-ticrets for thoseulpon-who sentence of banishment had been passed-for the mainteiance of a large pelice-force-for the chartering of vessels for pirtical and other expeditions-for the hiring of the arms which their minions shake in the faces of peaceable citizens, and a thousand other objects. On a review of these facts, the inquiry naturally suggests itself as to the source whence all the money necessary for these puposes has been derived 9 Very little business has been transacted in this city during the last two months, and it is suspected that some of the prominent movers in the Vigilance Committee expect by the compnlsory resgus.. tion of the county officers to be elected to fat offices, and thus to be placed n aposition to make good their losses in mercantile transactions, the commencement of which is by no means to be dated from the organization of that body. From a consideration of all the facts, however, we hare come to the conclusionthat theorlngeaders expect that otherand (to them) more important e icult ur malpealisiary poiut or view, wi e low from the present movement. They ar shrewd enough to now that for any of them toaccept mfict ust at t-his tine wold he the frneans of brandig the whol with a suspicion which no amount of special pleadO would in aftertimes beIsuffcient to remove. in order that to remarks we have tomak-e may be fully understood, wewroula beg to remind the miners and the aginclturalists infxhe int rioz-of thospeculationsim wbichthiemercar tile comaiinoityin formeoryeurs idulged. Thehigh triesehichteenescssariel of life were run up to a few sears ago by the mercantilx speculators in this city, are fresh intfie mindso ofr~p coumtry readers. It is not our intention in this artile to work upon the sympathies of the miner and the fanmerby recounting the distress whEich these heartless speculations entailed-the suferings, the starvation, and in zome instances, the deaths which it occasioned. Our only objeetia to arouse the yeople in the interigrto a knowledge of thu results which it is confidently expecte thme xeoent ioveiments in this city wi preduce. It is known to everw dwellur in the State that durin the last four month there has been a good deal of speculation in sionr and the other necessaries of life in this city.. The flour speculation fell through.If aproof of tisfactbe required itiseolyimeoesy topointtothe nuraber of four speculatee -who have failed vithin the last weekl The directors eE the preeest reroliitionary movement in this city, with but one. or two enxceprions beliongF to the mercantile *7a. It is not to'be 6UppOeeJ that they expect to promote ions specaltion by this movement. for, thankzs to our genia dma and prolific soil, the crop of this year will be more than asxeient for al1 our wrants. It cannost be ilana ilabd by the vnited efrbrt&, of allsthe ourspeeulators inthe cou ry; ht several clip,. per -deets haveamrised at this- per wit, i the last thret-, months. By them large cargoes of foraicgz3mors, clothin& machinery, cofiee, agricultural inaplemea4s and luxurieh, were landed. At the time there was maeiarket for the* There was no rnarket for them previousiw the com-merw_ ment of the insarrection in this city. - 7k* immediate e5wta of recent events will be to destroy thr eeamfdence of fcze. merchants. Few of those -wreaiduler inthe l> st,w in Europei wil be villing to credit Vaenants doingbuAmess in a city -where all law and al civil righia. hbic, been subverted Shipmeuts will em., and, as a3i. conseqisorce, the stock of a.eesarits now on haai4mgXL go upi &ad the inercani. diet who no'w ait in, uAb state In Sacramento-stmt, wiU i&lize laxge pro4ts. -on their wares When t thisis amd. the fact , pXQS to tha arrival of the Iteet ef slippers to whM4L ie a-e cald atia ention, t1w stock o d = of the mp azWK-5s Oe.ke,teoThclUiesi whie wre baye d wia. d car WIaVtippear to b inoe ertible. hi ie mn*W was-ghutted. Uader the _sireaaAoes n e oa conW I1 rxlilaed, exceeut4yir prve n vn Of alb4jeatsefo6; s l n the eolsn-ti of aioC . amittee lbe-e bie~ lhew- b esl;ed :!3 ispm tU ea aitcpi*er, and the lhMU3dt iIi of I*-. moremet will bet}t - . willim iSIaS& tb iilh lmtve a large atc of thoeF ridMU hedWZ ~ I- mouseefortuee, . qil th- BJ ilt biUx wrill have to414 fk- Thoe fac awg4y CzmrwL&r,s. Pg.-OHd'inriu5si Thx.- i u tie71;Vlt ^s3
INDIA "D CHIN --:- - y. the arrival- of the Overland Mall we have rceived our privato correspondence and files of pl7e from Calcutta to the 17th of July; Bombay, July 29 v and Rongkong, July 10. The following is the letter of our Bombay corre~eyodeat .- I "BO AB7, JuVLY 29. S%ince I last wrote no intelligence has reach6d us of tho proceedings of the Perians end Heratees, if -except a short and summary tstement that appears in tho lhore Chronidle. The information tlus conveyed, which is, if it be correct, of -considerable importance, is to the effect that Fsa Khan, whoze opposition to the Persians, both in tho field andsubsequently in the city, I bave before recorded, *a succeeded in expeling the enemy from Herat; and further, that having thus rid him f of the incubus of a hostile army, he took thought of his situation, and, deeming the relief his party was experiencing to be in a3l likelihood but a temporary respite, he despatchedpasing mesages to*DoatMiahomed at Candahar, offering to place the city in his kands if he would bring or sand an armed force suffident to occupy and defend it. This is not the first time I have been calledonto mentionrumours of the existence of negotiations between the native (as ppo3ed- to the Perian) party n BHerat and the rulers in Aghamstan; eand it is cerainly not u- reasonable to suppose that, wiith a powerful enemy nrea3ing them on thewost, Esaa K1an 3nd his friends 1d turn for assistance to their kindred Affghans, even though the price of that assitance were the eatablishment in their city of the power and influence of the Banikzyo family. Unmlling to admit this demand, and at the samne time unable, however a , to assist the Heratee, floa Mahomed has referred, it is said, the hole matter to the British authorities at Pesh3vur, requesting theiradvice inhis extreme needanld erplexity. Among thenatives on the North-West Prontier the conicting and often * conradictory rumours of the events that are taking place beyond the stupendous heights and dark passes of the Suleiman Mountais have been improved upon and amplified by idity, ignorance, and credulity. The wid and deed hill tribes are to rise in concert and pour down in overwhelming force upon the garrison of Peshawur. In anticipation of the coming peril, the wives and daughteri of the English are to be sent across the Indus. The British ae to make a general advance upon Cabul. Do3t Mahomed is to abdicate, sad retire into private 3ife at an Enalish hillstation, and so forth. We may smile at tese siUy fancies, and think them scarcely worthy of being recorded, but they, at any rate, prove the existence of a feverish interest in the affairs of Afghanistan, and are perhaps illustrative-some of them at least -of the childish, unreasoningcharacter, of the native mind. " It is satisactory to state that the cholera, which at the date of my lsf, had attained to fearful proportions in some of the cities of the North-West Provinces, is nor rapidly disappearing under more favourable atmospherical conditions. When the disease appeared in Delhi great alaramwas feit, as the place has on previous occasions escaped to a remarlkable extent. The cases, however, have not been very numerous, and of those attacked prompt and early measures have saved a considerable majority. Among the victims to the disorder is the heir apparent of the titular Great .ogul, in the 4h year of his age. He is said to have been a quiet gentlemanly person, well known to many Europeans of the station. I find it stated that, ownng to his death, the question of the continued recognition of this nominal sovereignty will have to be reconsidered. It was formerly asan,ed that he was to be the last Kinof his race, and, ea he has predeceased his father, it would seem ita on the demise of the latter, now a very old man, the sham Royaltyrmust finally vanish. "A t Agra, as well as elsewhere, the account of :ckne-s is decreasing. Here, however, the terrible disorder was fatal to several of the European inhabitants. Among other deaths that of Lieutenant Chauncey, of the Mfadras army, is much regretted. This active young officer held the appointment of officiating superintendent of electric telegraphs throughout India, and in this capacity was very generally known and eateemed, not merely in his own presidency but also in Bombay and Bengal. " There is no news of much moment from (Oude, but every letter or tale is suggestive of peace and progress. Cholera had been prevalent at Lucknoiv in the ranks of the 52d Light Infantry, but there, as in the north-west, it wTas disappeaing as the rain fell more plentifully. The only symptom of anything like a warlike character that I observe in the course of a somewhat lengthy correspondence is a surmaise that the troops may be caled on in the cold weather to search the strongholds of the native nobles for a nunber of pieces of cannon missing fromn the Royal arsenal, and supposed to be in their possession. ZTo fewer than 10 guns are thus wanting, many of which are sup7oosed to be in good and efficient order, while the few that have been given up to us are described as being worn out and useless. In revenue matters th-ins are going on for the most part favourably, and in uniform tranquillity. A few defaudters -there are among the petty chieftains, but that is a.I 'An occasional affray or duel,' writes one from Lucknowv, ' is the only reminder that this is the {Oude of 1855.' " Letters fromn Rangoon are mostly occupied with details and suggestions respecting a murder that has recently takex4pl-ace there. The victim was a young an who was living quietly in the town with a writec in the Customs Department, but is said to have been a Shahzadah, or Priuce. What Prince he was exactly does not seem clear, but that he belonged to the reigning family at vais undisputed. The late3t Story is that he was the sole survivor of a family deBroyedbythepresetntgsfatheronhis usurpation, as being the rightful inheritors of the throne. The question is only of importance as affecting the sug-gestion that his murder was directed by the Court of Av3 upon considerations of State. At any rate the perpetrators of the crime appear not to have been common thieves. None of the little property in thehousewas stolen, therufansadepartingwithempty hands as soon as they had slain the Prince and his host. BUt onl the hither side of the Bay of Bengal, -and in the heart of our own territory, a crime has Cheen committed before the recital of which the . i:urder of the barbarian chief pales in interest. Another member of the Madrs Civil Service has allen by the knife of the assasin-rwhether, like .Ir. Conolly last year, out of revenge for ctivity displayed as a public officer, or merely in a struggle with an ordinary -burglar, is not at present clear. All that is certainly known is that DI. H,orley, first asitant to the collector to Bellary, in the iadras Presidency, described as an energetic and valuable officer, was etabbed to the heart on the night of the 5th. One of his servants spea;ks to having bees awoke by a call from his anaster, and to seeing three men run from the h1ouse, The fatal stroke was delivered in the ibssk; posibly M. Horley had seized one of the men, and was then wounded by another. The knife passd through the lungs, and dividing a main artery in the immediate neighbourhood of the heart, killed the unfortunate gentlemna upon the spot. The only article of propertv abstracted -ius a box cOntaining papers, but no money, In t'ae comrse of the investigation. that was iimediately set on foot various opinions conCerniig the origin of the crime prevailed, and were supported with the more plausibilty that little or no tangible evidence could be procured. The general i ression, however, at Iast re- mamen that Mr. Horaley had fallen a victim to revenge in his public capacity. But beyond this all was conjecture, both as to the actual perpetrators of the crme and to their special mcitement. There is mention, indeed, of a torture casz which 3Ir. Hordeyhadlatelybeeninves(tyating and had decided adversely to the accused, but everything else IS vne generalization, and at present there may bn MU to be 3o clue to the mnlrdererg. I should mention that Mr. Pelly, the collector, takes the other vier of the case, und 'thinks it one of murder committed in hot blood by a baffled robbe-. This gentlenimuii i3 aecvely en g, ed as mavis- trate in sifting the matter, aEN the Governmneat of DMedras, imnaediately on receiving the report of the murder' by telegraph, sent hu an order thrugh the same channel tooffer a reward of 5,000 rupes fotho disooey of the criminals. To ggravate this pai l occurrene, a younger brother of hIr. HToraley, ag,ed 19 (he himself was only 26), was staying.in the holuse at the time of the mu}rder, snd i3 maid to have received from the terrible spe. taese suel s hock to-his nervous mem s- r to hafe rrnaxne up to the last iccounes;i ma ststebordering on inianity. - - " Wit hthe exception of thio one deplorsble event, I have to relate no deed of violenoe Imi rrIn the grolound tranquillity that reigns froni Poshawur to ape noorn :Elere the monsoon is proceeding faivourably, and me now register jus Vb0t the average of 48iinches fLer the two months of Juno and July. In theDeccan, too; the rain has of late fallen most gratefully and in oonsiderable qusztities.' Agricultural work has received a stimulus, and sickness decreases in mount an4: virulence. - There had bee, previous to this seasonable fail, zmany cse of cheoleraat Poonah, end, in particuhsr, the death of the wife of an officer high in rank on tile staff of the army wfa one of those sudden disapperaces of Well-known people that are of such painfslly frequent recurrene in india. Perhaps, at isby re3asn of their very frequency that the community so soo01 forget them. " The recent agistaion among the Parsees on tha secession to Chrisnity of four of their, body. in Bombay, of whom three returned, and _ono at Alnecnugger, has rendered them exceedingly alert I in rgard to the proceedinas of others. A Parsee teacher in the Elphinatone Institution wasrecenltly accused by some nativ papers of direct'ly inculcatig the doctrines of Cbristinity, contrary to express orders. On investigatldn of the charge by Government it was discoverei1 to be- groundless. Indeed, in the courae of the iaquiryr if appeared that some of the native teachera were in the habit of going into th opposite extreme, even to the omision of pa alluding, howeverindirecty, to the founder of the Crstia religion. This the .Government very properly de precates, on the very intelligible ground that it ' operates unfairly as regards the pupils, by interfering with their progres in an .acquaintance with the literature of England and other countries, simply as literature, and without reference -t the religious oninionsof£ thle writers.' " Lord SIphinstone remans here. Lord Canning,, are are sory.to hear from,Calcutta, has bei,n.unwell, and is ordered to sea for a cruise. .. "Trade at this place is dull, as .nlat this time of the year, but accounts of fthe weather from the itenor are encouraging. The monoe-market is easy." Our Calcutta correspondent says f ICAD=i, JULY 17. "The Goverment has finally detennmied to limit the practice of polygamy byleg =!'ve enactment. A bill for that purpose wili e introduced by Mr. Grant, and wil be-su ported by the whole strength of Goverment. 2iominally the measure will be directed against Roolinism alone but in reality polygamy itself wil be prohibitzd, except under certain contingencies. liindooism, aS you are aware, is based upon the theory that every m has a son to succeed him, and to perform those, ceremonies which far more than any act of his own secure to the Hindoo eternal bliss. The man, therefore, whose wife is barren, or bears only daughters, takes another. This will still be permitted, but evevy other form of polygamy will be prohiboited, and lbelieve, though I am not quite certi, by penal clauses. The act will extend only to Begal. Opinion is still much divided as to thle pzopriety of the measure. "The Indigo Planters' Association has petitioned Parliament against one recommendation of the Law. Commission. Under the new code of procedure E'uropeans will be subjected to the Company's Courts in criminal cases. This change is regarded by all Europeans in the interior with exreme dread. They say that it will enable the unscrupulous natives around them to swear away the life of any Earopean. At present criminal chargea must be carried before the Supreme Court, sometimes a thousand miles away. They object, moreover, to be tried without a jury, or under any law exceptthatof England. TheyaUegefurther thatfrom the well-known prejudice of Company's officers against them they will never obtain justice. Every charge will be credited, and every native scoundrel encouraged to inform. IMuch of this is rubbish, repudiated by the more moderate planters. I muast say, however, I think the first objection sound. a aggrieved native invariably punishes his foe by inventing a criminal charge. The story. is constructed with exquiite skill, respectable witnesqses are carefiully tutored, and the judg,e must decide on tile evidence before him Amno:g natives the infamous practice produces little individual danger. The accused invents a defence as clever a's the accusation, tutors his witneses in the same manner, and escapes by dint of adroit perjury. Bhe European cannot employ the aame resource, anld must inevitably be ruined. There is certainly an objection to personlal and except;,onal privileges, bat until native morals are a little improved it s dangerous to abolish theni " The pilot difficulty, which has for a long timu harassed the Government, has been set at rest. It is determined finally to throw open the service. Any one who pleases may now bind himself as apprentice to a naster pilot. JDuring his term of probatio.n he will receive 100 rupees a month fro;in Government, After he has passed his examination he will receive two-thirds of the pilotage for every ship he takes up or down thLe river. As the pilotage dues are heavy, the amo-unt is sfficient tv afford not only a sufficient maintenance to an active man, but a prospect of competence. A popular pilot would make 1,0001. a-year at least. Ieanwvhile, before these new men can be trained, any mate pilot who takmes up a vessel of more than 400 tens will receive one-third of the pilotage. This is simply a bonus for extra exertion, to avoid the increase of mendemLanded by the service. It seems probable that these measures will be successful, and that wre shall have no more fleets detained at the Sandheads. "A missionary who has just returned from Ava brings me some pleasing intelligence from Pegau. He considers the population rapidly reviving. The great erigration which occurred during the war has ceased, and the stream has set in for the south. Night after night Burmese fmlies make their way over the frontier, and announce to the authorities their determination to settle. Te arens, always devotedto the British, are pr es in fro all quarters. They are exceedingly ,ell treated, and express their determination, not in units .or tens, but in thousands, to become Christians. Mleanwhile they are cultivatig the jungis, taking contracts, setting up shops, stalring fleets of trading boats, and generally enriching themselves and us. It is their industry which has so greatly improved the revenue. My informant, like Dr. Mloegling, of Coorg, and many other men of unusual experience among half-sauage races, declares that the Goverunment commits one blunder:| its taxation is too light. lie says a Brrmese requires the stimulus of lieavy taxation to make him work at all. Dr. Mloegling, one of the most benevolent and siuccessful of missionaries, has expressed the same idea in his worik on Coorg, in very much stronger terms. The delight of. the Earens at finding themselves equl to the Burmese; and their evidence received in courts of law, is said to ba moit affecung. "The Commander-in-Chief is to start on ac tour of inspection' in the old weather. (ROM OrU OsWN coRnMroNwDMi-r.) HONGKONG, XuLY 10. The London mail of the 10th of MIay arrived here on the 25th of June per steamer Malta, which returns to-day with the outardmils -g Political intelligence continues most unatisfactory. The rebels appear to be maidng head in al directions. In1 Kwa-ngs the Imperial troops have again been defeated, and fresh reiforcements have been sent up fromCanton, where te darins are 7Sing their atmost endeavours to check the spread of disaffection. The neighbourhood of the city remains undisturbed. From the north, aLo, the accounts aro disastrous. At ahing Kiag-foo the Imperialists had suffered severely in an engagement with the rebels. The Governor of the province was hilled. We hear, however, that the Imperialists have since regained Ipession of their lines. The news of this defeat spread terror in the lsge :xnd highly important comnercial city of Soochow. Business was paralyzed, and many of the :inhabitanta soughit refuge in flight, anticipating that the rebels would attack theoity. Their fears, however appear to bs somewhat premature, and it is to be ioped no su-h calamity -wml occur, involving, as it would, exfreme suffering to the native population, and a complete stoppage of the Shanghaii trade, Th6se sucesses of the rebels have compelled the Imperial Gieneral Reang-Yungtoraise the siegeof NauIdn; and ictreat with hls arnmy to Tan-yang. Her Majesty's steamer Hornet arrived at Shang- lio-iliel4thi Jbne from XEAiodaidi, wliero osl~e left Eer Majestys ships Sybille, Pique, and steamer Barracout ontlih-3d of June.. -During a cruise ia' the Gulf of Tarka, in lat, 48!56, a large sani couvenient bayz was.. discovered on the Corel, affording An eicellent anchorage, and intheay were found the remain of a R u,saan man.-f-var which had been recently burnt. wo battesrie 4 been erected to protect the vessel ii her berth, ai numerous huts, &c., were on the shore; Frdmie. inscriptions on various tombs it appears the RuMsaIAi had been there about two yjrs, aud the natise3 gave our fleet to understand 5that the 'Russii sailors had left on sleighs about seven weeisn before their visit. Theme seems no doubt that'the vessel was the frigate Palla, as her figure-head was found. She mUst have been there about two years un&dcovered by.our meft-o-f-war, -who we 6e'iiuforned were by, their orders prevented from searching that coast. The French ships Sybille and Y.rigue wore crug in fhe Gulf of Tarta-y. HerMEajesty's steamer Hornet left Shanghai agauIn on the 19th of June, conveying to our fleet the news of pae Nofhing is mentioned regarding the fearfuI earthquake some time since repxorted as having occurfid' in Japan, and it is to be hoped, thereforej that the information was incorrect. In ]Tongkong, the principal item of- in:ereWt during the month' has been s crininal pro33cutibjni instituted by Her 1&esty's AttorneyL*eGriciil against the late sheriff, and now acting chief D - trate. The misdemeanour charged was tat -iof extortion. Although permitting the prosecution, it did not appear nlecessary to his Excellency the Governor to suspend the accused from the extereise of his official functions, and the acting chief - trateof the colony stood asacrhnal at the 1ar until an nanimnous verdict of "Not Guilty" 'wasS pronounced. The verdict had been fUlly atidpatedt n& the trial has not redounded to the crdit of ouf coloiiial: Governinent,o of the Attonay-Gencral, 'who, on Iris -own reponsibility carried on the case ftwer the Government had declined to proeGed further in the matter. Dr. Parker, the United States' Comnmssioner,. has gone northward on a diplomatic mission, a--d the Peiho is said to be his destination. 3fr. Tonsend Harris leflt for Japan This biOrnig an the 'United States' steaer San Jacinta to assame his consular duties at Sinaoda The Canton import trade ha been somewhat dull during the month, except in the article of cotton yarn, of which considerable sales have taken place at $1 to $2 advance. Longoloths have been ia little demand at rather lower prices. Rice is somewhat dearer, heavy rains havinginflicted injury on the growing crops, Exchange on London opened at 4s. Ilid. to 4z. 11d., but gave way somewhat and the closing rates were 4s. lODd. to 4s. 10Xd. ]*reighta are nt 31. tvo 31. lQs. for L,onidon, and 41. for Liverpool. Tonnage is very abundant. In tea we have to repor. the opening of the market for new season's congou, at rates which, with reference to quality, may be considered 1 to 2 taels under those of ladt season. The quality is said to.be decidedly inferior, and the Oonams are tinctured with an objectionable " tarry" flavour. in old congous a fair business has been done, and large transactions are reported in Canton-made teas. Seven vessels are loading for London, and four for Liverpool. From Shanghaiwehave datesto the 39th of June. The import trade had been materially affected by the panic at Soochow, and goods were very difficult to move either in barter.or otherwise. The business in tea had been very limited also, and at lower rates.- The3 new teas were expected. in about a month if the progress of the rebels does not interfere. Raw silk of new season!s crop had come to hand, and the marlket had been opened at $320 for No. 1-:2 Tsatlee, -which, with the present high exchange, lays down the silk in London dearer than last season. About 5,000 bales have been settled. The qtality is said to be excellent and the supply abundant. The present steamer carries about 1,000 bales, and an extra steamer 'is laid on by the Penintular and Oriental Company to meet the next Indian mail. Exchange on London, 7s. 2id. to 7s. 3d. Foocnow advices are to the 25th of June. Teas were rather cheaper in the market, dealers beint more desirous of realizing. The new season's tens are spoken of as fax Sulperior to any previously sent from that port, and this is fully confirmed by the Canton reports on samples sent there. Five vessels had sailed for Great Britain, and three others were loading. Much damage had been occasioned to native prcperty by heavy floods and an extensive fire. From Amoy we have letters to the 25th of June. Cotton yarn had been in fair demand. We regret having to report that the Ben Avon, bound from London to Shanghai, was totally wrecked on the 16fth of June, somle distance to the northward of Anoy. The captain's wife, a passenger, and three seamen were unfortunately drowned. None of the cargo was saved, but some portion was washed ashore and carried away by the natives. Flrom MIanilla we have nothing later than the M9 of June,-the mail steamer not having arrived. Exchange on England was quoted 4s. 6d. for prompt bills. Our latest dates are from london, Mayl0; Cal. cuttn, May 23; Bombay, June 2;* Singapore Jnne 18 ; Sydney, Apri 24; M ZeThoune, May 7; blianilla, June 10; Shanghai, June 30. COMERCIAL INILLIGENCB. REEORT OF THE STATE OF BOM:AY-.ARKET RO3M THSE 10TH TO THE 28Ir OF JULY. The overland mail of the 2Gth <,f June was received in Bombey, per Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Cadiz, on the 20th of July. Our money-market during the fortnight has been easy, and no change has taken place in bank rates of intercest since our last report. All descriptions of securities remain at about former qneotatlons, veith the exception of the 6 per cent, public wvorks loan, which IS now in demand at from 3.& to 4 per cent. prmium. For a time t3e rains'held 'off, but withi the last few days have resumed, and we have before us the proruise of a very favourable.~ ~ ~ ~~ofav IMPORTS. - . Import Mfarl-et.-A fair amount of business has been transacted, as wvill be seen from the folowiag list of Sales:- Piece Goods.-Gray Shirtings-For 40-in. up to 81b. thereis good inquiry; those above arein slight'request -Of 45-in, there is a fair inquiry for those of middline quality, the demand for higher being moderate. Gray Mzdapollams.-or all descriptions there is a moderateinquiry. Gray Jaconots.-We have no chane. to note, and. they remain as reported-in our-l.az- Gra7-T-cloths of. less than 61b. have declined; for 71b. therm is inquiry. Gray l:VotDgDO of zILdesrptionss are little sought after, and cn orly 'ceput off-with difficulty. Gray domestics are in inquiry Bleached Shirhngs-ererisafairinquiry'for low and middling;, thezhigherquiliRem however, are .in ight re. quest. Bleached jaconota tf lew quality are in inquiry; all the others, awe dull of sale. Bleached satin spots and sipee are in fair nquiry. Mhdapollams, middling and higher, are in sght request, while the low ae in demand. T R cambrics and mulls are very dull, but twills are Ii Bleached m@, low and middling.. are in inquiry, but thc higher qualities are dull of sale. kancygoods of nearlv all descriptions are in fair inquiry, bat all deseriptions of bleached mulla are very dull of sle. Cotton Yarns.-There is a fair inquiryb otl formule and water, without however any material change in prices, with the exception of water No. 20, which has advnced., Dyed Yrznn-Turkey red, orange,, and green are sought for at our quotations. Metal,.-The inportations have been lae, and all descriptions are dull of sale, and have declinej rices. Steel in fagots, pig and sheet lead and spelter, are in good inqpry oper.-Ercepting tiles, which rem fm at our lat quotations, all desrptions are difficult of sale, and prices have declined. Of South A;merican there is none IthI market, the demand for it being vbry good. Red and White Lead.-The stocks are moderate, and both ontinue steady in demand. lMarina Stores.-JmportGtious have been large, an2d the demand for bothJray and bleached canvass is dull. Prices have declined. The amne remzarks a pply to sewing twine and sants. ONil of linseed is in good demand, but is scdarce For spirits of tsurpentine there is a fair inquiry. Wine and spirits of all descriptions are duB,, and have decline-d in valua.- /Thsane samstal oF thinga 'prvais ii regard tobeer, both in wrood and bottle.: Woollens and- ianne~ls-We :have no sales to epo, these goods b6ing lano demand. - -P - :: 1B.X3?0TS. . - : 0 Cotton Wool.-Themnsrket is very :brisk, and stocks in hand being moderto prices haze advanced from 6r. to 1Or. per maund. Our present quotations are-Broach, 115r.; -Dhiller4 11r.ilS, OoVoi lQ8r. SidKa grobe,102. -io 10er. HSemp foOr local,cOI ptSdmPo is in good demand, prices SheeWz oo4'with tht extectionof Cut^ha Persia, has advAnced; the ehing b' mnd for ter deecrip tions Pimhave idvTu 0 - sOii :3n n6edi3 sitdydenind -at 4-6rs. to 4-8rs $ is also rape fromi Gusatt and Beiude, for hiueh we quote 4irs, Niger, reominus without change. Teel ie ssarce and has advr.nceed."re Pepper.-ckaa- bot of Atlabar ard Bliutole Are mode rate;*the damaud iS good -, Opiumn.-Pricos -have beeu hallir,c there beg only a siormnal demand. We - quote Indore and Munixeeter at 1,OSors 1,090.rs.- I-- - Freights;-Tonnage. is abudaut oad freights hlve de icined; the rites to Londont and Liverp6ol ars now qoted ,E- change Las ruled much the same as last mail-vi. 2g 1,1,. -for bank, and 2-s. lid. to .5-l6ths for local credits. We quote as -the rate of tho day for documents 2A lg& to 2s. 1-id. On China,6cOdays'algllt, 22Tprl Clu W6°CdwS4Eitg = %1Oi ; Calcuttab Coutg bill, 60 days' sight,' ~994rs.; 30 dyergat 99 ~ ,, -- CATON MARKEET REPORT. - - 2ONGKONG, Jvir-IO. , During the past month tranfactions in iraport at:Cahnton have benLllminte Y-Yi1 kas improved-in price.. Long. cloths ire lower. - Tinplates have sold at $12. The maregt -orTthenew congouiwas opened on0 te 4th inA. - CWotio.--Sales hare been. only 6,80. bales. Bomhay quote 'atts.7L3 to ts.,8; 'enga, ts.6:8 t° t7.5; Mdrs .* .2 to t&S.1..- Co,tton Yan.-l,200 ba,les sol, 3an prices have advanced since our lst quotationg. Noi. 16-2-A; !' to 2; Nos. 284, SS2 t ;N , -Os 38A24, $30to$4 .L6mDg¶IoAms h've been in little inquirj; only 16,000 pieesinallsod,an. picelavereedd.Grays quoted at $1 83 to $2 60 whites$2 20to $320 Oarr dvicesfxomn Aoy we totea 22d 6f June :-Cotton, cotton yarn, and longcloths were in fair demand, butprices were lowu. -- Woollens.-Spani3hstriDes, assorted, Il to $1t; long ells, assorted, $T 200to$S8 l ,; camiletb,1 to $20. Rice.-Frices have fluctuated and show an advance. Turkey Opinm.-$;390; nominaL. dcrnehv -Tex.---T!fs&c£ions in Canton-made desmripions havo hben U,, bixt forcountry sorts thedemuandahseensluited , ngpnces r,e'mn isn,trd -,', emnarke ohand* conzous as openedonthe4th ~isaVyhpD&)'fhCfop -=pyFunxtats.24S.O The settLeymen-ts to thitue. hiye bu-18 c hop, at Srom -*ts.23~ to ts.29. Arriials ae 52 chops. Arices we con-sidered to bo ts.1 to ts.2 under thoseoflastyear, The .quaty oEtheteasJS'reportd tobe nferiortothatoflast season. Nlo vessl hbas yet left with nevr teas. -'. FromNoocho*o our advices are to the 25th of Jnne. Five ' vessls hAd sLiled for London with new teas, which ro re- orted very favourably of. Three veaels were loading. 'Supplies had accumulated on the mark-et, and pricesha given way. ~IpOtot fromuCaign fro uJe l, lSSS,5 toJaneo39 1858 .. 2%7e00,) - s ,, Shanghai, from ,July 1,5I=, to JTne 3, 1856 33.osooo .. oochcawfram Jurl..1355toj=ae25,M. 1 253W00,0 Cina forsason 1851- . Freights to England, 31. to 4l. Tonnage abundant. Exchange on Enland closed at 4s. 10d. to 4s. 103d. per dollar; on India the closing rates wrere 232r. and 23r, per $160O. ShaLnghnai advices are to the 30th of June. l)isturbiances ir the neighbourhoodhad affected theo;m| ^ake t, which was dull. Settlements of new silk had ' Longc1oths.-2Deakz-s Lad alnost suspended purchases and quotations were luc. tol5o. lower. Teas.-litEle bad been done. Black tea was 1 tael lower. and greens 1 tael to 3 taels cheaper than the provious month Small Ihusters of ths- new crop had arrived, and chops were -ex_ectea by the endof this mronth. i5k._The new crop proves of exUellent quality and abundaLnt. 5.000 bales had been settled. Quotations were No. 1and 2, Tsatlee, $320 -o. 3, good, 280 to $285; No. 4, and inferior,i253 to $t5;TaysaaLms, inne, $260 to $270; commson, 200 to $225. Bxchawo on Englind, 2s. 2d. to 7s. 3d per doll"r; ex- Freights to England, 3. fo,r ',tea, and 6 10s. to 5l& for SHEPDING- INTElTAGENCER ARRrvALS i-soat GsrsTa BIaTAnerr-At Hongkog the Remi, Jvne 12; the X- her (American), and .the -ynaud, June 16; the No bet, June 20 ; the Phleton, June 23;. -ana the GundrTeta, July 6 ;-all1 froin l.oidon. TheLady Raglan,Junol.7; and the Saracen(Americiur I Tune 23;--oim Xewpori. The Vrendschap (Datch), June 18, fromn iartle pol; the Stornosry, June 24 ^ and-the Anne I-ongtor^, Tme 25,-rora IUverpool. At Shanghai the Walmer Castle and the Joseph Shepherd, June 9; and the Talavura, Juno -20 ;-- l from London. The Emily Almira, June 9; and the Mimosa, June 24,-from Liver. pooL The Bonita,(Amenxean); June 25, from Cardiff DE:PAPTunSm FOR GPEAT BBruI.-From. Whamc the C&dzcuus J3une 12, and' the Chinsara, July 2-forron-don. 1iom Foochow, the Maury (American) the Lord of the Isles, ind the Chysolite, June 10 ; the John Wade (American) uly 11;-a ,for London. From Shan&g%i, the Wellington, Ju&e 5; zad the Rank of England, June26r;for L'~ndon.. - SnirS' or WA~-Att HIongkong, aer Majesty'a ships Nankin and 'Comus, -and the United Statesd steamer San Jacinto ; at aO,- the Portc,ueso bri Minadego; at Whampos, Her Majest_s brig Bittern; at Foochow, HEer Mn5esty' fcaoop Rarehlrse; at Shanghai, Eer Majestys sea ncoter.
EGYPT. (FB1 ovm OWN CO0 S0n,RT.1 ALEXANDRIA, AUG. 21. Hisa ighneas Said Pasha, the Viceroy, who has been moving from place to place between Cairo and Darmietta, rehtrned to Alexandria yesterday, on the arrivat of an env6y from. Consmtinople with special &epatches for him.' It is'3aid that Said Pasha contemplates a vsit to Constantinople. This is not believed; but El Hamee Pasha, son of the late Abbas Pasha, is to proceed thither shortly, to be married to'the Sultan's dcUighter, Sultana Munireh, to- whom lie was betrothed in 185 ; The river -Nile is -risng apidly, and its waters are beginning to cover 'the coutry; last year's crops- we being 'broght down to Alexandria ia lar,ge qiantitieafor shipment, while the prospects for next year's harvest are very encouragig. on the 11th.the Pasha attended in State at the ceremony-of the catting of the canal which leads from the lile into and through the town of Cairo, and which is generally done when the river has attained the 16th cubit of the Nilometer. Much imunortance is- attached to this ceremony, as it is taken as a proof that the river has risen sufficiently to insure Dveae crops, and there, is an old law- that the land-tax cannot be exacted 3mleaa the Nile rises to the height of 16 cubits of the Nilometer. : - T The Paa'shsteamerFaid(Gehaad, after conv'eying Pedschid :'ashato Constantinople,%brought back to Alexandria-about 2,300 men who formed a portion of thoe Fgyptian- army- wbich took part in the war wvith Russqia. All' these troops have landed with the Cr;ineaa med6l; of which they are very proud; and when they left Constantinople they received the pay due to them up to the day of embarcation, so that theylhave returned to their homes comparaativelyAich. The remainder of the Egyptian troops -about 16,000 men-are shortly expected from Constantinople. Said Pasha gives them all a leave bi two months, after which there will be an inspectfon, when some wil be finally discharged, a-d the strong and healthy will be enrolled in new regi- I ments. 'The fall in theprices of corn in England has had he efect of paralyzingg trade here, and just now gofliig is doing.-- Thu harbour is full of vessels moaof which barely-find employment, as holders dro not- like' tb effect Bhinmentswith the present' Prospects. 'Prices of wheat are nominally kept up 3ut the must -faTl in-a few day -. Freights are 'ey .dul at 5s. per:quarter. * Our evxhanigei! keep-up at 100k piastresp st;erling L- :,- . . lt Th e. surveying stem-sloop Tar.rs, Cat ainl bfaufslJRis to retu to Pelusium on the 23a and will remaI there about a month to complete the autreY of thst coast,. On comingbacJ to Alerandria' Captai 3Ma-insell is to make a survey and chart Of the )po of Alexandria, A box contaih 4,000. worth of India postage stamPs,'lost last October by the transit administration,, andc founa-in May by an Englisihman empioyedon theworks-of the elactric telegraph, has, after much conversation and- correspondenca with- reg-ard to the reposibility of receiv n and. claiming. the box, been given uip to the agent of the East India ConIpaMry. and will be sent back to iDbgland. -
-- ?RE -I~Z? TBofaP2W JA FRAX -X' VAUuR OUSW COi R j T . r.- f4t.wbg a-m, ij a.cesa4.diima 1i of I I r 3] The liticl situation Ithw icy pro sented ta -confused and formles outine, becomes daily more clwarly defined a&i&e6aierto comprehend. The mariae bells that now ring maerrily at Madrid to celebrate thi wedding of wSpanidt Princess ma' serva at fho sazae time to tol' the kmelldpa S`ai liberty. The xth of reion Which leads to irtual -abaiolut;^r iopeo7ly entered-upon,- and, even if the present Goyernmeat bexesolved ito folo,w it but ap to a certain point, there they'will find others waithg to relieve them of their burilde and pursue it totwI end. Span is apparently- on thie eve of again becoming -the prey of the unciupui adventureOs who have already fattened on her spoils. - We Ioar of Messrs. Bravo--Murillo and -other birds of the same feather approaching the - scenes of- -theirfonner exploits, and: the old succassion s again. foretold- rsalhI. Naarvaez- after the preet: pseudo-Constitutional Government, and the MOllacbs after 3Mrshal Narvaez. Still the usual daiy-hubI letiji continues: to :ap'ea :-" The Ministers ire -er nited aong -themselves, and the Queen grantts them. all her confidence." The oo'rni try, re are told, is perfectly' tranquil; biutr provisions are scarce and exorbitantly dear, and there is incendianrsm -in the South. As to the real state of the,--ountry-and of the feeling of t;he nation, there are scanty memas of knowing,l for -the - press is tno longer, free. The Liberal paprs have deelarea themselves unable to comment on the decree suppressing the National Guard, teio authorities having forbidden the discussion of p-blitical questions. It' is exatly the same state of things As under-Sartordus. Attempts have evenbeen. made to silence the Madrid correpondents or fore-T journals, and, that having been found iapossble, to disdredit the intelligeneo' they supply. "Madrid haa been amused," said a Government organ a day or two: ago, 'by the' absurdities published incertainpapers, aud espeialy by the Be 'an .press, -a2eeting the situation and affairs of Spain. The correspondents are robbing their employers and making,, game of the public." Just- the. .same tlin, wasE said under the Polacos in 1854. The organs of the Sartorins Cabinet ex-, pessed -their regret that foreign journals should admit into their columns the idle and ma.licious ramours fabricated in the Paerta del Sol. The " fabrications " were afterwards well proved to be truth, when the revolution came aud revealed the ini-quities o,f tat most bas and most corrupt of Spanish Governments. When the Miuisters found they cond'neithersilence nor discredit the obnoxious correspondents they resorted to the plan of stopping their letters in the post-office, an example which it wobld not be surprsing to see followed b,y the present men. With respect to the finances, there are aleady symptoms of embarrassment. Just before Espartero's Government fell there were 100,000,000 ,reals in the Treasury. The O'Donnell Ministry has just agreed to paya bonus of 15,0001. to the Spanish Bank to hold 60,000,000 reals at their disposal for six- montis. If the money be used, or any part of it, '5 per cent. interest is to be paid in addition. These are early days for a Government which found the excheqier so flourishing to contemplate the probable necessity of advances. Letters from Aix-lesBains in Savoy, mention that there ia about to be held there a congress of the principal partisans of Prince Lucien Murat to deliberate on-the-meani best calculated to insure the triumph of his pretensions to the throne of N!aples. The Prince-arrived at Atix some days ago, accompanied by MIessrs.- Aulrelie Saliceti and Lizabe PRufoni. HEfe has since been joined by his sister, the Countess Pepoli, and by his nephews; Counts Pepoli and Tadlini ML Montanelli was expected from Paris. The three gentlemen abovenamed, Messrs. Saliceti, Rufoni, and Montanelli are said to be the most active and inffuentiae l agents0f the Muratist intrigue. M: Saliceti was, in 1848, one of the triurnvirs of the Roman Republic, and was subsequently a member of the Itallan Republican Committee founded in London by rini. 2M Rufoni was a member of the Constituent Assembly of the Roman Republic in 1848, then an agent of Mazziniin Paris, and is now in the service of Prince Alurat. -XI. Montanelli was a trinmvir of the Tuscan revolutionary Government after the departue of theGrand Duke in 184S, and has had the reputation of being entirely devoted to Republican principeIs. Othersubordinate agentshave been mentioned to me, but their names are little know Some of thea were formerly Republicans of 'the Iazzini school, but they have now become converta to tho monarchy of Murat, in defiance of the principle of Italian unity they once upheld. There are small grounds for believing that the Muratists have any chance of success. All the -most respectable and influential Neapolitan emigrants have already protested against their views, and have signed and published in the newspapers formal declarations to that efect. None of the letters we r- ceive from Naples sneak of the Murat party as of any importance,- e;i&er by its numbers or its influence, -and it does not appear as if Prince Lucien wouldhave theleast chance of success luness he were supported by the-Western Powers, -who wouldhave, to a certain extent, to impose him upon the nation, or at least to get him accepted by pointing out that any King must be better than the present one. In former letters I have stated myreasons for believing that- France is not likely to put him forward as a candidate, and, that being the case, it would be difficult to imagine any motive that England could have for backing his pretensions. The Muratist intrigue will therefore probably end in failure and disappointment, and M. Montanelli's numerous friends do not conceal their regret that he shoulld, by connecting himself with them, risk the reputation he has aquied by services rendered to hiss country. Proceedings. are being - taken against the four Paris newvspapers which published the letter of sympathy and goedwishes addressedby the sttdents of Paris to those of Tarin. It is repore that the affair has given rise to the exchange of some rather pungent communications between Counts Walewask and Cavour, but no dotibt is entertained that any little diffierence that may have arisen Millbe speedily and amicably arraengd. The Three' per Cents closed to-day at 70f. 40c. for the 'end of'the 3nonth; the Four-and-a-Half per :Cents._ at 9f. ,30e.; and the New Loan at 70f. 50c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,387f. Oc.; Great Nbrtiern,' 1,03Zf. 5Oc.; Strasburg, 93Sf.; New 'Shes, 850f.; Pars ani Lyons, 1,375f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,'90f.; Western of Pamnce, 9o5f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 787f. 50c.-; Great Cenrtral 'of Franoe1 681f. 25c.; Lyons and Geneva, 80O.; Baks of Credit Mobilier, 1,620f.; Ausan Railwa-yaj 87Sf. 75c. - CSurs5i0. -PJ,^ Angn* 28.-Ca ces.- PF6oUxanIdaIlfY er Oeitav (noteimbursable for 10 years), 91f: 25c.; Three: pwr Ceits&, 70f. 45. '5-0c 40c-. 45c.; .ditto' L-an of 1855 (70 per-cent. d' 70fAf40t 30c.; ditto Cerdificates (70. per cen. paid, 2f'-30 ; Bak nAction, 4,150f.; CAMt -Foncer O- i lvd , of 50W, yotr - &ent6., 440f.; ditto etl,-Fourer Cent,f. 1, dtWo| Thee per Ceats. 80f.; Credit f oSiler;f 61f,625f, "Sto. 1 'S20f.; DhroWux£Bs, 695f£ 700f; dontea 11 Pcr~ ents 'Oa l. 9i2.f 92f. 25e .; Belrian o oer-anina- BaiF per CentF, 994; R1orn.a 884 A; Spasisb Deferred| Converted, 25, ,dittThree per Cet~, 44- ditto Inteier Debt, 39& 4O. Jxo5xnge on Lndoa, st Eignit moneyr, 2Sf. 27c.; #; o oh6, mon ey, 2f ' - ' S?AIN. Our accounts froQm Madrid are of the 24th inst. -'Iithe afternoon of the 23d the solemn ceremony of ch signing of the marriage contracti of Prmce Adalbert of Bvaritsuwith the InfantaflonnaAmalia- tbokpLsce in the chamber of-the Queen. -Their-i| M,ajestes occupied the centre of-the room, seatel ' in two arnL chan ' On theirrirhti 'ere the Princess| of the Ast,rias the Infanta Donna Amnslia,.-and her siste- Donna-; Christina, anrd -o their leff the lIfante JDon- Francisce de Paula and Prince A4albert, - The Ministers, the CorpsDiplomatique, the Grandees of Spain, the- Dig,nitaries of the. Palace, the 13dies of Honour of the Queen, t$e, Comniander-General; of- the Halberdiers, the -Cardinal Archbishop of Toledo, the Archbishop mud Bishops present'at MIadrid, the Knights of the Goldex-Fleece .tho Captais-General of the Army and Navy, theIPresident of the Supreme Tribunal of 'Justice, war,' and Marine, and a number of other disiig ui ed personageis were present at the cere- ino:y.-The- President of theo Qonci, theMinisters of ra= c and Marine.- thAcrchbishop of.Toedo -arid the Guand Rajordoio:of the Pal-to; w- gere.40 jwitniee the act, drew up ,-behind- a tableula.ed ox-the.right aide of the chamber, ani, theliii'ter iof Jrstc, a3. Grand Notary of the ixgdom,' zead the- marriagc ontract,e 'i-hich wa' erwaids ltaid*y hii before the Queen and King; sIdsg.b7gseiraie s. r wararecee theignaure. o rince Tdd' thhfanta )on A ia-0nde l tnr.d tibe CreZeltS 1 lFaC eDil -%Ee vwore a ig bluae gdwn, withobit any lace o szcent, snd the jPzinoe a red -nd J rbte houers. Te T i pon of the , sated in1 the Jcontract, ix 7,000,000 aasd.t Frivce gives as pin-money t his bride 44.,0 -annall. The Epoca Xee that Govezmnent woula shoray notH>ifyo the Duke of Valencir, to IL Gonzale Bravo, and otber personage resIdng abro*dJ tb&t they were at lberty to urento Spsin ;inejer they pleased. batof The GanU- publishes the following bn ofo General Zapaero, (Cap n-Gt enel of Oataloniai., l"oig conyiUoedahat the diArs events hiclh aely -to plae in tu cty wre tobo aied in A great measure to the hitinn of the turbulent advisers of the opei?. tisee, who, aaing. themslve of their perniciou infLuence over the memerus of the different asocia. tions, lead -i he- tg by inadation,' terror,' And f 0ehood, describing themselves as. the only. per. ons intere6ted in their welfare; ain&g, moreover,- e9p anmined with speca attention the chSActer of Association; Which, crea it is true for a beneficent and philsathripz proe, have bei oonverte into nIeans of enriching penate individuals and manuining theu in idleness; ooia. daeneg that if itbe awfl, on the one hand, to found Mocie. ties whose members may at e other in their misFor. thne, comspetitions, and in 4cae of cesation of labouF, those associations, on the other baud, cannot be toleatd When they serve to foMent anarchy, the frst consequenoe of iwhich is always prejudicia to the IsboTuii casses, the most interesed in the musinteonane of order and tranquillity, uithout 'which there can be no laboutr; and beig disposed to authorize in future the foundation of all -l0cations, provided their ob,ect be pnsvrh I n thtibeprraisewrrthy And exclu;ive, like i-hosa wltich Are itended to min ter mzzuti rlief; nd -lherebs } am determined to guarantee Lths full exercise of all legitimate $ghAt, in virtue of the expresa authorization contained in the -oyal order ise-i with the approbation of the Council of Ministers, I have doczee&:-At. 1. Tno diolntion ofallAssociationsaamonz manufacturers, or among operatives, existing in Catalonia. with aiew to exercise an infnuenoe onthe prie6 of labonr,6 impede th fre Oourse oF industry, or to miner relief to indiviadIs who, for some cause or cthe, are in want of employment. The aloldesofthe townsa-where such associa. tions exist will ado6pt mnesur for their immediate aup. prealon, and iake are, under their personal responsibility. that the funds of those acations be restored to their legitimate owners. Art. 2. All the mAembers of the dii. I solved associations anxious in future to ressemble for the -sole and exclusive object of founding mutal relief societies will eceive from me an authorzation to that effect, on the broadest basis, provided their regtions or statutes slasl contain rudes and principles calculated to protect and regu. late the proper management of the interests of the mem. bers, and secure them against all abuse. Art. 3. Ixdividul disobeying the above provisions shll be considered as distursrs of the publi peace or guity of opet -ebellion, and tried, According to circnmstances, con. formably to the laws in vigour. Art. 4. In order to adopt measurs the inost conducive to the prosperity and deve. lopment Of industria etablishments, to gard themn against all fisk, and protect the reil and lesitimate rights of the clas of manuEacturers as well as those of the opera. tives, the civl governors of the four protinces of this militazy district are requested to addrezs to me, waithiAn the shortest posible delay, whatever suggestions they MAy deem useful, as I am fully dete-.sined to use my extrwr. dinary powers to carry into effect, either by msef or through those aunthorities, any urgent measures which may not indispensably require the sanction of the higih powers of the State. "ZAPATERO. "'Barcelona, Aug. 20."
REZIGIOUS TOZERATIGH ON ZHp CON2A2W2. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Th5 history of Borzalsky is givea in aa recent work by Mr. Busen on D 2ie Zeisunn der Zcf. On making fur. ther inquiries the 3nonha declare that he has escaped and gone to Amaric Of this no human being beieves one word; his Bouanist friends have little doubt that he hAv been murdered. Yuch oppression, which both.Protestants and .omanists cell persecution, is not really so in the strict sense of that word, and arises from the meddling spirit of all officials and the interference of the Government in everything. in Bavaria, for example, a worthy parish priest thought it would tend to tha cdification of hIs parishioners to set tp a " Clvalirs that is, a cracifix at the top of a steep hill, 'with nine crosses, each with a little picture on it at nine intervals ap the ssme, each representing some occur, rence on the vim doeoror4. He accordingly ordered this to be done, aad the mason and the painter und the carpenter, c, sent him bills amounting to 4,OOOfE Thepoor priest, who hdAxot a ous, was alarmed, and went round to al. hisfriendsto begforlhelp. Bntthere isal6twwhicl prohibit3 collections to be made for any object without the percision of the poice. The priest was therefore summoned for this offence and condemned to four months' imprisonment-a measure which every one must consider most cruel and unjust, In the same spirit, if a Protestmt minister in Mfunich were to allow ids name to appear as a collector for the British and Foreign Bible Society, he would ia like maner bepunished. The processisthis-.-The head o' the police sends him a eivil message to say he wishes to speak to him. The minister goes. After somne delpy he is in the presence of the said prefect. He there finds a secretary taking down all the questions -which are put, and the amswers given. He is informed that he is ander arrest; that so soon as he arrived at the police office an officer was sent to his house to read and seize all his papers, and unless he can exculpate himself from the charge he will be imprisoned. The effect of all this is to aggravate the hostility whic'l is universally felt by the common people in every part ot Germany to the civil as well as to the ecclesiastical Govern. ment. Finding a. yonng countryman of more than ordi. nary intelligence, he was questioned on the feelings of the people, and the result of his statement, in a compressed form, is this:-" I have se-ved, and seen other countries, and so have many of us, and we are not that set ot quiet, ignorant people our fatherswere. We wil know shortly why we are so oppressively taxed-what our ruers do vith the rnoney they wring from us; ad we wI make thin answer. We know, howvever, very well why it is; they 3now, as -well as we do, that we are oly waiting for an opportunity to drive (jsacn) them out of the country; and theyhave sent all this money to England, where all tyrants go when iheir subjects.rid themselves of them, to live upoa there." This is the feeling throughout all that part of Germany which lies between the Rhine, Hanover, ke., down to Switzerland. It is a little better in Saxony. Evea in Asiatic coulntries oppression has its limits, and theinhabi. tants of Eu:ope will no longer bear to be mere political and ecclesiastical. saves in the hands of a few families, vho have usurped orer the rignts both of nobles and people. The people are the more exapapeted aindng the priestly persecutors violent for burninghereticsjust in proportion as theywereobsequioustothemobcvenitgovemed. TheAbch. bishop of Paris and the Bishop of Axs furnish emples of this In rance. Alioli frnishes another in Bavaria. Hae was a member-of -the Munich Parliamen, and as such voted for the onfihcatioi of al ecclesastica property, though now he has tuned mItr --lonteaiet, and carries his exoesses to snci a point that they are amid io be displeased with him xt :Rome. Even in theSwiss republisthe same spirit is active, and tbe clerg of Beme lately demanded of the Government the suppression of the Baptist, WeslyansA, and alllDis senters. It canot be a matter of surprise that distrust of the rd of. their rulevi is the predominant feeli-g throughoat Europe. The pretence of the treaty of Paris being, as its iirst clause declares, for the promotion of religious toleration, excites-universal disgust; it is known notto be worth the paper on which it is written, ad they who signed it ure proved to have put their hands to deliberate falsehood. Unfortunately, the condition of the people in Europe is not known, and excites little interest in England. Our coun. tren travel to see things, and niot to see persons. They crowd the steaners, the railway carriages, and the hotels, but into the iuteriortheynever go, nor converse with the peoe p in their own houses. Niext to American, -who know nothin tho largerpnumber of travellers are Russan and French; but not. one of these wll say a word on politice. nor even on the state of their repective countries. The trnywhich is the maost vexatious does'not press uionihe: cve6 who are rich enough to travel, and so it is imsosvihle. to becomeacquainted ith it but byconversing intimately with the people. A residence among the common people of Hungary, Baria, -Baden, and thence to l~eipdic. wourd.z enable any one to furnish an extraordinary chapter in the. history of the actual oppression on the lowvest orders in tho~ year of incrs., tAyl7en lR- :'( - VIdTOR. , C-Isbad, .&-ag. 23. A wll aoa another example of tie work=9g ot U0 1aw., A p iest has been eoo-mnunicatd, aLfter bei: censcred. bI AlJoli, for mot preaecinj on the new dognA the -nznlAte eonoeption of the TVim , orprgatory, or prayors to tle sain:ts, and, above ford ocg the people hii ai'bt to the Bible, -wbicZ Afloli liimlf hd f i}-oataiibd in iMsWritiiga.B The piaes threlere, ii oIged to leave his 1odgin,ps in. the paria, and it being a smill place rnq other ca b had. -fo ra, thereforN go into some other p risk; but ao one iD, Baria dca 1lawIsttle ri wtout leavc of the police; ro i h . a odgii±} elsewhere hewidlf be sejit to priaon; and if he compains 'of. the iriqeity of tfie1awrhe ile to futh her mpnOnmOutt becase,it 3 crmetoutaptoosecn tP-f the conti-' tutien of Bavri. . ,--
- TE BRADFORD MUT. CA A FESTIVAL. (FRoir nyv? n? ---i BRADFORD, AuG. 29. The eandioe last night, at the second miscellaneous con. *Ecrt, 1howedBrZdford at its beaL A morn brilliant corn. .pany has rarely been as-embled in a music-hall. The only igus of vacaut seat3 were observa2le among the 'enches of 'th ";eserved aea" at 15s., which, by some strange ovcr. ight,, and contray to all precedent -are situated away 'frm, instead of near, the orchestra. By this means 'the privileged and wealthier cLasses axe separated from the performers by thoee 'who pay Ss. less than themselves, and thus step in, as it were, hetwean the wind (instruments) and their nobility. The anticipation of hearing the new operatic phenomenon, Mademoiselle Marietta Piccolomini, with whose p-aLses all london had been ringing for three months past, joined to a highly, favouable andtotally unhoped-for change in the weather' which suddely and capriciously had set in fine and re' -ie::ed Bradford in all its picturesqueness, steaming and smoing under the rays of the newly awak'ened smn, con. :duced, no doubt, to this bhppy turn in the fortunes of the I estival, and tempted the elite of the county from the -comfortable shelter of their homea to grace with their pree s,ece the performance at St. George's-halL. They were on the whole well repaid for their pains, and were regaled -with a concrt. which, if not altogether irreproachable, was one - of uncommon attractions. We subjoin the programme PART L. Grand smpbcr:, in C najor. so. 1 . eevn Wsor on Id)Maratl..M st.. . Mo nvuraya" Britannica . .. .. .. Gra .Pasr Sos-" Spins',fleighip , , MClicr. Aia"Ash I forsod lu (L3Tiaiate) .. ' Verdi ! .Dust-M& " You are a King aln-powerznl' .. Weiss. Ia" i balen (i Movatore). Verdi. TenaCovYlaiazioni . . Rode. Qtuaretto-(I)on Pazqtale) .Doaizett, PART In : U F iBTrltten &composed espres,for thiFesetbai Ocesrte-"L'As-aLodl Coorinto".. .. mi.. - LLciano-"YVersteri del vis .. Schira. A-iLulsa !iMer) Verdi BortrP n'jcr"=yroi3imall{airashrL .. rennet, 1614. C3v~a-D'Lj zPacer mi balzalL cor . . ., sni . Duetto-4liire d'`Aore) ... etti, 0 ,erture "Oron"r .. Weer. Condneor. Mx. Cosie As the chief interest at this concerte was naturallv concentrated in Miademoiselle PiKcolomini-a strger and a reputatiou of to-day,-lt is as well to speak of her first. On her entrance she was greeted heartily, and her juvenrile and extremely prepossessing appearance disposed the audi. ence in her favour before she had opened her lips. Mademoiselle Piccolomini then, not without some perceptible degree of nervousness, sang the aria and caoelca, " Ah *forse e li," from the Ti-alata, in a manner which has meen so often described that it would be superfluous to describe it again. She was encored, and repeated the caclets,. Her second appearance was in the quartet from Don PasquaoZ, at the end of Part 1, in which she was assodated - with Herr Reichardt, Signor Belletti, and Signor Beneventano, from Her Majests Theatre. This quartet, fine piece of vocal writiDng, is, nevertheless, rarely effective away from the stage, The feeling of the Bradford audience about Mademoiselle icco. lomini at this period was undecided; she was evidently liked-witness the encore of "Ah forse c lui,"-but she had not yet made a very strong impression. Nor did the ineffective aria from Verdi's Lukisa Milcs, which we had neverheardchersing till now, do much to dispel uncer riinty. An attempt made to encore this 'was successfuily opposed, end a demoisellePiccolozsini merely came forward and bowed. But the little ladys revenge was close at hand, adwhenitcameitbrought a genuinetriumph. The duet from Don Pasqua?e, "Quanto Amoro," betweenNorina and Malatesta, in which Mademoiselle Piccolomini enjoyed the able co-operation of Signor Belletti, although it was the lhEt " numlbe but one in this very long concert, raised the vast audience to a pitch of enthusiasm, and at once changed wavering doubt into a fixed conviction that the new singer was something at once original and charmingpiquant, impulsive, seducing, and, in short, inesistible The duet vws actedas well as sung, and acted with such vivacity and nature that the mischievous widov, the artful Norma-not Mademoiselle Piccolomini-Was before the audience. To conclude, every one was enchanted, the applause was tumultuous, and sUccess placed beyond further question. The new canteta of Ir. Macfarren possesses all those qualities which were wanting in the one described yester. day. The subject is old English, and the general colouring. given to the musio is old Engish. This is done, it inst be understood, with a masterly hand, and not in the style of a mere compiler. A description of the plan of Atays Day may be given in a sentence. It simply involves the contest for the position of Queen ofthe May, the appointment of one of the compe. titors, and the subsequent revels.. The story is laid out with simplicity and dearness, and the language in which it is clothed is remarkmble aike for vigour, intelligibility, and poetic beauty. There is no maudlin sentiment, no mere commonplace; all is plain, sensible, and suggestive, while the veme is flowing and rhythmicaL The cantata opens with the election of the May Queen, in. -wiih the composer in his music has skilfully taken advantage of the efects of contrast and combination presented by the idea of several contending parties. Ttie whole of this is in chorus. The second piece is a partsong (accompanied), "The Eunt's up," a iind of serenade to awaken the newly-elected Queen on the dayofher triumph. The melody of this isfreshandgeniaL Then the May Queen greets her loyal subjects, and sings an address to May-" Beautiful may, with thy iap full of flowerse-at the end of each stanza of which the choras mingle their voices with hers, in a new phrase, to the burden of " Hey nonny, no," with delicious quaintness. Nothing can be more graceful and ingenious than the whole of this. The orchestral accompaniments are full of interest; the ,violoncellos impart a peculiarly rich colouring to the second stanza, and the combination of the chorus with the solo voice in the burden presents a beautiful melody in conjunction with the florid passages of the principal singer, with the happiest possible effect, Miss Sherrington impersonated the Queen of the MIay, and sang this air with such success that it was enthusiastically encored. The last piece-descriptive of " the Eevels" -begins with the same old. English tune, for drum and fife, which Mr. Hatton has introduced to accompany one of the dances in the grand scene of the banquet of Cardinal Wolsey, in He7nry FMT. This is treated with great a felidty by Mr. Macfarren; and, indeed, the whole chorus (the jinae of the cantat) is distinguished alike for beauties of fancy and musmcianship, from among which, however, we have only time at present to single out the very genuine and elegant phrase at the beginning of the last staza-&"Form a merry laughing ring." The end of the cantata-which was executed with zeal, if not to perfection, and in which Mr. Costa, who directed its performnance, took an interest honourable alike to himself and to the English composer-was followed by loud and unanimous plaudits. .pay Day, in short, pleased universally, and may be pro. nounced one of Mr. Macfarren's best works. We must be brief with the remainder of the concert. Madame Alboni was labourng under so severe a cold and hoarseness that, though she courageously came forward to sing both of the songs put down for her-Rode's air with variations, and "Di piaceP'-she was only able to get brough the air and lastvariation of the first, and the largo of the second. An apology offered, in plain and simple terms, by Mr. Ollivier, the polite and irdefatigable secretary ofthefestival, was receivedwiththekindestindulgence by the audience, who saw what the accomplished and popular artist was suffering in the hopes of not disappointing them, and admired both her fortitude and good feeling so much that they recalled her after her first air, and applauded her liberally. Signor Belletti was very succeesful in "Non pin andrai," but his alterations towards the end, though slight, were hardly in good. taste Maadame Viardot executed the elaborate, old-fashioned, and superflorid bravura from Graunds Britasniicas with prodigious : facility, and obtained a regular " ovation. " Herr Beichardt sang "Dalla sua pace" with the graceful sentiment most appropriate to Don Ottavio's unfairly neglected song, which abounds in the true Mozartian melody. Signor Beneventano was encored i *11 balen del sue sorsmo;' a3nd a imlilar honour vas paid to 'he chorus in tuller's pretty though somewhat insipid part-song, Spring's delights." It would, however, have been much m1ore deservedly bestowed upon John neat's exquisite madrigaL The orchestra was again triumphant. Beethoven's first symphony was played to admiration, and was quite as warmly greeted as the G minor of Mozart at the frst conr cert, with which, nevertheless, it mnst not be compared- in spite of those fantastic speculators who insist that Beethoven bcgan where Mozart left off. The splendid overtnreto0ll e Sicgeof Corns-sesone of Bossini's orchestal cheJ! d'cautres-was" cn.ccd," as the French say, bythe band, encx-red with acclamations, end the wholerepeated. Never was suchadistinctionmorerichlyearned. The0ber-e wasequally wel played, and to the honour of the Brad'ord audiene we must add that the majority not only remained to hear it, but would not alow the disntezt Aisturbance whilethe performance was proceOding. Tnis was a famous clmaxto a musical entertainment of a moze than umaDy interesting chaxacter. The fne weasther continues, and, what is more, promises to last, "a consummation devoutly to be wished." The various special tains from Leeds, Halifax, Harrogate, and ether towns in the vicinity, have brought in and are biinging ir crowds of visitors. Brsadord wvas probably never so ful as , at this moment. The streets are thron3ged, especially in the neighbourhooa of the music-hall, and blue sky and sunshine have put everybody in excel- lent spirits-all is bustle, animation, and gaiety.. The sacred performances o-day comprised a miscellaneous Eelecion of considerable interest and variety. Tke first p'ece wms a setting of the 103d Psalm-" Praise the Lord, 0 my soul,-7by -r. Wilimam Jackson, composed expressly for the Festival. The author being a loca1 professor, a great deal of local sympathy was elicited for his music, and -e was applauded vocifer.ously by an audience chiefly con5aned to >the upper galleries,: (;hiCh, by the wfay, are said to accoomodate no less than ,SO0 persona), whsenhe appeared in the -orchestra to direct the eLxecution of his work;. 'Mr. JaclsorS Psalrm does no, call fora detailed criticism. It consists of three, "double choruses!" a chorus, and airs for 8orrano (iss ;Mil ner), conCrao (Madame Viardot Garcia), and. basi Mr. Weiss). The' most effective of these is. an air, "T.ni Lord is full of compassion," which, however, owed its principal attraction to the fine singing and wonderly distinct articulation of Madame Viardot, who, though a foreigner, prononnces gur language in a style from which more than one native singer might derive a wholesome lesson. Mr. Jackson's musie generally may be described as to cd munsic-a sort of music that many (too many) are able to w4ite fluently, but which might just as well be left umiwitten, since when heard it leaves no kind of impression either on the 'mind or zon the ear. But for the prominent position assigned to this Psah Iat so great and important a music meeting, it would in an probabiity hava been left unnoticed. The execution was good onall sides, solo siBgers, orchestr-, and chorus exerting themselves to the utmost; and at the conclusion of the last and ablest chorms-"Glory be to the Fatherl"-which terminates the whole, MIr. Jackson was recalled and applauded by his fellow-townsmen to his hear.'s content. Mr. Jackson's psalm was followed by another-vizs. Mendelssohn'sversionof the 114th, "When £sraelout of Egypt came," wbich, being well known to:theLondcon rrmusical public, it is only necessary to design ate as something of an entirely different character. The elaborate douAoe choruses in this masterpiece of choral writing gave a freshS opportanity for the Yorkshire singers to distinguishi themselves, of which they were quick to tako adv'antage. On the whole it wvas a very grand performs4ce, and was conducted, of couase, by Mr. Costa, 'who was warmly welcomed on entering the orchestra. It is worth mentioning that the 114th Psalm-one of 'its composer's most admired as well as most admirable produc. tions for the church-was first performed at the Birmingbam. Festival in 1840, uander the direcion of the composer. whose magnificent lobge,sang (Hymn of Praise), and second pianoforte concerto in D Tninor (performed byhimself), were introduced to the English public at the same meeting. Birrmingham-which also originated the oratorio of Btlje7ijhas done morefortheadvancement of themusica I artina6ertain directionthan any other town in England, the metropolis notexcepted. "letthebrightSeraphim," sungbydamae Claralioveilo in her very betmaner (andrmostcleverlyccompaniedby!r.T. Hasperinthe'trnmpetobbligao),andone of Handel's finest choruses-" Immortal lord"-brought the first part of the concert to a conclusion. The Yorkshire choristers seem to be theroughlyathomeinalUthe choruses of Handel-to their credit be it said. Of the second and third parts-comprising a well-chosen group of pieces frm MIr. H. Lielie's oatoxio of Immsanuei, a "credo" by Mfendelssohn, and a miscellaneous selection, we must defer speaking until to-morrow. The indisposition of Alboni not haviug abated, an apology was made forber, and Chernbini's beauffful sacred song, "0 Salutaris Hostisg which she was put down for in the morning's programme, much to the disappointment of the audience, was omitted. The third miscellaneous concert this evening, at which Mademoiselle Piccolomini makes her second appearance, will bring the Bradford Festival for 1856 to an end.
THE REISION OF THE BIBLE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The large amount of correspondence on the subject of a new revision or version of the Bible, to which you have opened your columns of late, shows that, over and above your usual liberality, you are fully aware yourself of all the attention that this inportant matter demands. 'As I have lately trespassed upon your space, I can hardly expectthat you will again, and so soon, admit my claims upon you. I happen, however, to be as yet the only one,-1 believe, who has pubished 'A Vindicatim of the Authorized Version-a work only just come out. You may, therefore, perhaps, if you think proper, allow mae to add a few lines to those of your other correspondents on the same subject. Thae most conspicuous among them, Dr. Cummiing, is, it appears from several passages in his letrsrs, well acquainted waith at least the *' Introduction' tomy work, although he has not the good grace to acknowledge it. Be deals in generalities; only glances at scholarship properly so called, and then drifts at once into his favourite and more congenial element-IRomish controversy. It cot, however, be a matter of great moment to Englishmen, who love their Bible, to know that their version is preferable to the Romish or to the Unitarian ones; they take it for granted. But it may be a source of satisfaction to them to know, what nothing but scholarship will tell, that the authorized version is as yet the best of all modern translations of theBible, and very little inerior in merit to the most valuable among the oldest:; for the question is, whether or not the English Bible renders faithfully the original texts. No room here for declamation, for glowing or flowery laiiguage, since the meaning of words lies, not in the multitude, but in the matter of them; and scholarship-hard, exact scholarship-cnsists in searching out that meaning, uutil we get at truth, and hold it fast. It deals, therefore, not inl matter that nobody doubts, as, for instance the superiority of the English over the Romish bible, but in things which doubt agitates, and whlich nothing but research can set at rest.; As a proof that the English Bible is as yet ;the best, I have examined at some length, in the wqrk above alluded to, the latest attacks, or attempted improvements, upon the authorized version 1. An article on te " Miraculous Passage of the Red Sea," in which the rendering of itin the authio,rized version is said to be "bad," " formal, lite?kl, and fallacious,"" a caput wtwtum," only fit tobe set aside and disregarded. Here I convict the writer of the shaRlowest scholarship; and I demonstrate, by comparison with all the old versions, tia. the authorized version not only renders the HebOew tect faithfully, but also more faithfully than any one of themL. 2. " A Specimen of a Revision of the English Bible," by an American Association; Job, chap. 1; in which I show that some of the proposed alterations are not even strictly grammatical; and that out of nearly 90 deviations from the authoriied version, which the revision affiects to follow, ini a chapter of 23 verses,; not one of..those alteration4 is, strictly speaking, necessary. - 3. " A Translation of Paul's Epistles," by a writer who chooses his own text; who renders it as he alone thinks best, and yet intends it to be animprovement upon the authorized version. I shoW that his knowledgeof Greekisfarfrom ~curante, gad that his English style is still less-to be commended, for it stands in very mean contrast with the noble diction of the English Bible. 4. A portion of the 1st Epistle of St. John, by the American Bible Union, in which I show the revi*ers to be little particular in their style, and still less accurate in their translation, which deteriorates1 in departing from the authorized version. | The aggregate result of all those writings is, then, to reflect greater lustre upon the trathfulness of the English Bible. The proposed alterations are selddm, if ever, real improvements; and one often wonders at the motive that could prompt them, unless it be to alter for alteration's sake. The style of these " revihions" is not to be compared with that of the English Bible, for all that the revisers afect to call this at times " obsolete, or merelyvulgar." It cannot be " obsolete" as long as it continues to live in the heart of the people whose vigorous and manly tODme it has formed. And as to being " vulgar,' it, is less so for being " the vlgar tongue," pure SaxonEnglish, tlan the modern Iatinized idiom of the uneducated, which is not "'understood of -the people," for whom the: version was made. And. if we come to rhythm or cadence in their sentences, the revisers show they have no musical ear. Their style is rough and rugged by the side of the within of the authorized translators, who, must have )aa rmusic in their ears and melody on their tonghes, or -at least in their pens, judging from the beauty of the result of their labours. Because I say thus much I do not mean to imply that I would diin any necessary chaxge in the authorized version; for if it could be done- *ith impunity, it could then be done with advaitage. But, under existing circnnstaaces of church and tof social ties in this countr, a change is at present> I ear, impracticable. It would lead to results rather for the worse than for the better. At present almiost all sects in the cl_urch receive the English Bible as -it is; when once altered, not one of them would have it. At present, therefore, it acts as a bond of union, such as this is, among sects of very different opniions; but the first alteration in its consecrated .ages would at once be the signal for-strife and bitter controversy. At- present the words of. tneEnglish Bible are in the mouth of. all, even of those who hate one another for the love of God'; if it were altered the religio'n of the lips-L:that' is, the familiar use of the Bible, which even in words only exercises a great influence among the people, and thereXbre much religion of the heart too, would vanish. And the end of it would be, that in seeking to obtain the small trifle of a few rectified expressions of comparatively little importance the nation at large would lose a great treasure, and the few scholars ia the land would have gained nothing. ' I ght easily quote more than one apolognie with which we are all familiar in illustration of this; but they would be out 'of place. They Would only go to prove the trite wisdom, that all alteration is not improvement, and that every change is not gain. The authorized version is not perfect,I grant;- because it is the work of man; but 'I maintin that as' yet it is the best, as a whole. But even the revision itielf would be no nearer perfection; for as yet there isnot,-and I fear there, never will be, a perfect text of the original, much less, then, a translation of it, which, at best, only describes and does not render t1he original. Let us have, first of all, a tAxts-s bond fide receptus, not by a small club or clique of Biblical critics, but by all, or at least most of them, and then, andnot till then, try with it the authorized, version. But as yet this IS far from being the case. Biblical critics change their readings with 'every edition of their works, and show by that how far we are as ' yet from anzn to warrant a summary change in the translation. For my part, I have found from personal stady that, as I state in my. work, the authorized version of the Old Testament is, geneirlly speaking, less paraphrasqic and is therefore a more correct rendering of the ebrew, than the Septuagint, .and the versions whicn follow them wholly or in part; such as the Armenian, the Elthiopic, the Coptic, the Vulgate, the Arabic, and even the Syriac, for this too bears evident proofs of having been tampered with after the GmeekVulgate; and as regards the New Testament, I find that the English BMble agrees beat with the old versions which rank highest in critical importance on account of their age, their faithfulness, and their accuracy. Thus, taking in general, as a specimen of the whole book, the Second Epistle of St. Paul to the Thessalonians, which consists of 47 verses,. I find that the English Bible agrees entirely in 42 verses with the Syriac of Beschito, in 36 (out of 37) with the Gothic of Ulphilas, in 39 with the Slavonic and with the Armenian, in 28 with the Coptic, and in 20 with the Ethiopic. A similar collation of the. English Bible with those versions of St. Paul's Epist;le to the Colossas gives the same average result. Surely, Sir, this is sufficient to bid us5 rest and bo at peace; for the present at least, and until no doubt hovers any longer over the sacred text itsl As to the necessUy of having a new version I fear it is a mere apologyfor a change. If the present version has been good enough for those who have gone before during 250 years, it is assuredly' good enough for those who come after, unless these be worse than their progenitors-a fac no one' 'will admit. None of the alterations proposed in: volve any vital truth; they are not, therefore necessary. Those that, might be aovisable consist chiefly in expressions .which are needlessly rendered verbally, and which only wour. the ear, and are unfit for public use, Beyond . I apprehend, alterations should be few. 0. cc 4 none in doctrine-the church is already nlRiva enough as it is; and in diction, few alterati,ns ia that respect would be an improvement ubpwn th0' lofty yet simple and melodious style of the &ughisa Bible. It cannot, therefore, be daptdS, as swmr will have it, to the present state-of the language, for this borrows its great beauty chiefly from the consecrated pages of the authorized version. As-e.-ards the recent discoveries of manuseripts, let uswaat till those discoveries are made good by universal approval. Mfeanwhile, no translation can or ought wo keep pace with' such discoveries, otherwise we should have a periodical, if not a peiennial,. issue of fresh trandations of the Bible; and then what would become of -long-cherished associations, of innate religioti in the -land, and of the instinctive love of the people fortheir Bible? Theywouldsoon perish, and for ever. And- now, Sir, I have to apologize for thus trespasng upon your columns, and to thank you for your forbearance. Ian a strong advocate for change, wvhen change is for the best; but I have lived long .enough to know that such is not always the case. As regards the English Bible, I should be the first to recommend a new version, if I believed i likely to be for the good of the people. But after having studied the matter, with good opportunities of judging, I would, for myself, recommend no change whatever under the existing state of things Better keep the English Bible as it is than mske matters worse. It is well, even best; let it alone. And if ever the day comes when a new version is begun, let these who put their hand to it look well to their werlk. They never will attempt without danger to shake the solid pillar upon which the moral worth of the English people has mainly reswd for centuries past. I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient, servant. S. C. IALAN, Vicar of Broadwindsor. Aug. 28.
FuJNErAL oF THE LgrE EARLL o.F SmixwsaBs.y.- The remains of the late earl arrived at Alton. at 11 o'clock on the evening of the 21st, bys specal- train from Idverpool, and were imnnediately conveyed fromthestation by aheare wlich vwa waiting for that purpose. His I.ordhip's re. mains were conveyed to the Castle Chapel, 'where they lay until Tuesday, when they were consigned to their last resting place, prpred on the south side of the altar. At an early hourthe church bells, deeply muiMed, commenced a solemnn pel which was continued at intervals during the early part of the clay. From 1.0 o'clock to thu hour of intermnent numerous prsons, the g-reater part of whom were respetabl,y attired in mourning, continued to arrdve, so that bfr 1 o'clock, the hour- appointed for the~ commence. mnant of the funeral service, the chapel was so densely flled that nmay per.-ons were unable to gain admission, and were obliged to remain outside. The whole of the intrio of the chapelwascovered witlibiakcloth, dividedirto panels bybroad ilverbraiding. Onthefrontof the pupitalso covered with black cloth, was the escocheon of thte deceased, in a frame of silver. An armnorial shield, wit two tabot ra.. pant, surmounted by acoronet, inn-.silver frame, ornamented each of the panels in the chapel. From the choir was suspended a black drapry, with scrolls twice crossed, on -which was inscribed "In hoo signo sp)es imea." The: coffin wan _placed ont a lofty bier within the chancel; and -covered. with a splenaid pai of black and crimson-vel'vet deeply 'edied with gold frnge. with thie arms of thea ea nddvided. diagonally with the motto of "Prest d'accomplir," worIked in letters of massive gold. The coronet of the deceased no'blman was placed on the coffin, resting on a crim3nsc velvet cushion fringed with gold. On each side wvere thrTee brass candelabra containing numerous wax candles,. and six immense wax candles in massive "stanids were placed,on the seren immediately over the sanctuaiy, which was also - illuminated. A. chandelier,' filled -with wealights, was suspended in the cenitre of the chapel, and when the whole -were lighted up, daylght being carefully excluded, the effect prodtuced was of the most solemn grandeur. At II o'clock the Rev. .Dr. Winter, the Itev. M. 0. Sullivan, deacon, and the Rev. .,T. 1. Dowling, celebrants, chanted a. solemn requiema, the Tesponses being given in beautiful harmony by the choir. The pall was then removed, displaying the coffi, covered -with crimson velvet~, ornamented with axmorial devices richly worked in miassive geld, and it was then deposited in the vautItprepared for its recetion on the southsaide ofthie altar. At the head of thecoffinwas Mrs Hbbert, mother of the late earl; and on side sets -were Lady Annette de Trafford, his lordlship's eldest sister; -Lady Gwyndeline Talbot, his lordships second sister;capti Washni.~ Hibbert, Sir Hu hlr de Trafford,thDe We fN o 0ten and Lord Edward Howard. There were also present in the chancel, Mr. Serjeant Belinsis~, one of the late earl's executore ; J. Willixams, Esq., Mr. E.W 2 Dr. Crawford; the Very Rev. Drs. Roack, Smith, anid Hare; thelRev. Canon Xones, the Revs. I. Heffernan, HL. J. O'Sullivan, P1. Holland, M. Power,. P. Power; ah a)aIadRY niond, &C.FahrRphelndRy AscrnT or TnE Nmx.-The Pashia of Egypt has or6ered a new expedtion to be organized to ascend- the :Nil6, under h. Ie Cente D'Escayrao de lauature, ani expe, rienced African. traveller and the author of a recent work oni Soudan, and of other treatises on A-frican geography. The expedition 'wMlbe accompanied by 12. Europeans, eight of whom have been already engagd, including tliree Frechmen, and three Austriuns andf th chief is desirous of procuring the assistance of Englfis officers accustomed to astronomical and maeteorological Observations and -the 3ma. aiagemnent of boats. The Countlhuszjusttleft London,ha6ving been in comimunication with the secretary of the Ro7ai GeogaphcalSocetyon the subject of the expediio,whc is intended to zfuromCaoinOctobe. Thsepeiton is>undrtaex ntielyat he ostof the Viceroy Of Egyp, asa th meberswillreceve,in ~addition to their
COURTs OF BA1LVEAUPTC Baingc sc4 v. 29 - . , - L'T .E WILt.Lf wool. * t - ---------- I xr? - I , - wauap; Was a grocer and deader in German yeast, of 149, lTe%fatO- tmee. 'is accounts thow debts, 1,137I..; andassets, ant 503. His sales of German yeast in dliferent Parts of the country during 19 months would appear to have amounted to abont 6,890W., and 1.3412. worth of the article huinghoeen condemned at Hlbl, as unfit fof ,ne,2and cast into the sea accordingly, inay be said to havea ocaoned his failure The bankrnpt passed his examination unopposed. ni BSiWJ:BSTER The banlkrupt was a tavern-keeper of Sno.r-hilI. Hiss,ocounts show debts, 8071. : assets, 351. The banlkrupt atialy accouinmted for the abeence of assets by statement thatthe lease of his premises had been sold for 1001., and of which the landlord had 60o. and Messrs. Charrington 101. IN RE ARTHUR, ALLEN, JUN. The banicapt was a dealer in drain pipes in the Harrowrod Hs acconats show, debts, 1,0661.; and assets, about 200Z. Ar memoranuc is axed to the accounts, to th-6 effect that in April, 185-5, the bankupt executed a deed of Eettlemeut in favour of Anne Mayler Mills, now his wife, of 2,8003;in the Three per Cent. Conzols, producing about 801. per year. - a- v. LNK&Tm, * r. XthCHIDIIs ,or t4~e asgnees, and Mr. LnxxTzRs for thehanirapt, concnre1 iniking an adjournment, for a fornight, of the examiination meeting, to allow time for makn some OIpl nations.,
POLICE. - MIo~~~oB-pon Sir P. IamJe's taking his. seat upon the bench, . Mr. Alderman Copeland, addressig him, said,-I wais to call1 the attention, of the public, through the -medium, of thd press to the -very wikdpractice which has for seine time bei n existence of sending fictitious c'heeks to thes:ecret-is ndltreasu s of p blic charitable institutions. As trezurerof iier 06e Hokttl, Lon.Saturday la#t, received a check upon e;im ym Bevn n oi myy TC.ingto be drawn by aM3r. 'Axtony Warid,iin ai s oienf that institution. I cent the chec'k to the bankers, who, having no account, with its drawer, ietursiecl Iit to. .me. I.have learnt thAt thiswvicked pratice has been, adopted with rd to almost every hospital and charitable institudtion in londaon ; and ~ I trust it will: be ait, niee Sir P. neUR.-There can be no donubt whate-ter that any an wo eiher ignsor forwards- a fictitious cheek to a chartalle nstiutin hsonme secret.purp3ce of his own to serv, an whih, soneror later, wi~ll bea iarclosed to the John Wilson and AneStwrtwr agn.rougtibtbf lre Mir. Alderman WIRit charged with having stolen a 'watch and chain from the person ot- a German, tradesman of the name of Loouis Leecheta. From the evidence it appeared that on Wednesday night last the prosecutor was acoooted by a woman, whlom lhe believed to be Stewart, in Cannon-street, and who, after a few moments' conversation - which ensuedl betweena- them, snatched his watch and chain from his vraistcot and ian away, and that, upon his atteptigjto pursue her, two m3en, one ofwo e believed to bke WIlson, placed ithehn. sovsbfore him and impeded his progress. The proecutor then proceeded to the porice station. for the purpose of giving information of the robbery, and while there the two prisoniers wene brought in by -Cole, constable N-o. 490, on suspicion,of having, robbed a genutleman a short timne previous tothie prosecutor's lo hiswvat-oh and chain. -The constable state that on the night -in questi6n he'wat~lie the prisoners for more than an hous, in theCouamTe Of which time Stewart accosted several gentlemaen,-and walked down the by-turnings in Cannion-street -witlx them, Wilson reminig ashrt istne frm hr.He also saw th6ra George Worley, a lad'in. the service of M1essrs. Moe-c1 -clothiers &arrying on. business- on Tower-hill, wa g.apin. broughit ~ore AdermanCo LA -and Alder-man Wxn in petty sessions, charged -with ha-sing robbed one of his employers of a goid watch -and chain. Te evidence takenp upbonteforme c,ceasion havingbien read the pri-or. -who hs-l hithIerto borne a very bad ch&racter, -vas f~~ o, six. months' imprisoniment ivith1 hard Labour.- Guohn CsLa~e, ongy Wdis, w'ho frmrsery resionged-to No., ldIonkweUl-streetk Cripplegatp, appeared before AldLer27msrsFsrs, on Easummons, to answer the charge of. having Sa-rah Rieddish said, shie had -been separated fro the defenadant for -rom7e timae past oni his agreeing to alow her 5s. a-week. 'ute tfirst kept up his. paeuts~, bqt. for a ,long timeo he had giv-n her nothing.p. Wednesda . la4 she went to askc him for some Money. and as Moon as he saw her he ordered her to " step it" -. She' requieste that he wouldI 'be peaceable, but- be would not. - He throat her rol by outr of the. shop,. and when-she' clung to his armhve took- &a sin. faul of.water- and flung it over,her. This was not the first time be had. ill-treated her.' He ha on a former occasion held her* ~b_one bandwile libe-beat her with a stic'k with the other, and this occurred ini the public street. She had forgivenL- him ill his il-usage andl would never go near him again if -he - would only allow h2er tAbe trifling, sum- of 5ls. a-week. as she wasnotaible to ear *her living enitirely by he- own labouar. -- - The -defenidant said, he 6ouldl not a3lwlower a.1,ij He dida not ear more than 1is. a-waeek, and whiss-e ha paid -for rent and gas he had iiot Os. a-week left for himself. - If hoewere ordered to pay that ium he must shut up his shop. The complainant's landlady - here stepped, forwa-rd, and said s'he was a very industrious,. sober, woman,'and that mo impuatio coudbe astuponher harater.Shewas fre- - Te cmplinat sid hat ifherhusandwould allow her s. aweekshewouliiottroule bim,ht she must have Alderman FrnoTrs said, she was extrTemely moderate, and the defendant must allow her that sum. The defendant said, he could not alIowhez anything, as he could hardly keep himself.-- Alde-raman Psi,ciss said, if he refused to miake that asirangement he (the worthy Alderman) shouldl not attempt to enforce it, as that question was not tfore hm now. He bad only offered the suggestion for the sake of settlisig the difference betweenx husband and wife, buLt ts, he di not seem disposed to come to any terms he~ should deal with the case of assault before him. There was another means of reachng him for refusing to support hiswife, and it should .be adopted. He considered th; assault fully proved, and fined him 20s. and costs, or one mont'h's imprisonment. The defendant was looked up in default, and the complainant received a letter to the- parish. officers, requestpag them to relieve her, and to seek the redress at thiscout,. as t'helawdirected. MAsL33RinrOUGir-STREm.-Wrillianr Henry Bishop,P,a respectable-looking person, was charged wFith 'having attempted to obtaini a pair of new boots without payin-g for them, and Henry Capps was charged with attemptinig; to rescue the prisoner -from the oustody of the police. MTr. John Gainsford, clothes salesmnan, 23, Upper bM~arye bonte-street-, said, about 12 o7clock that day the prisoner Bishop walkedl into the shop, tried on a pair of new boots, and, giving astamp.ortwo, remarked thattheywere acapitaI fit, and waswllfg way when he reminded him that -he had not paid for them. The prisoner admittedl the tratli of this, but alleged that tho boots just suited him, and Ihe would callwhen he was passng again with theprice. The Prisner then atepe t ev te shop; a struggle enisued which caused a mob of several hundred persons to collect. to whom hLe appealed for symptathy and protection with such success that the defendant (Capps, who had been attractedI to the shop by the fracas, attempted to rescue him from c0y, but was defeated in his object, and, with the pioer isop, given int-o the custody of the police. I Ia defence the prisoner Bishop said, that ont passing the shop his attention was attracted by a very dlesirable pairi of boots. He thought they would fit him, 'the owner thiought they would not. Ho back-ed his opinion - by laing a bet of us. to Is. The owner took the bet and staked the moa~y. He pulele on the boots; they fitted admirably, as the magistrate maight perceive, for he had t-hem en at that m6ment, and the owner, insta of ackmowledging- his defeat, Iid hold of the moneyand stuck to it M1r. Gainsford said, there was not one word of trulhi in this Ingeniou Stoy hIs, Bsynms.' supposed not. He could hardly think thaLt a person whio would invent such a tale could be in his rig'ht senses, and he would remand the case for aweek to ascertain the fact, . Woxnxsui-sTnn.=-Yesterday Johnt Smith was chargedl before Yr. HAmsnTmr with the f ollowing robbery. Larteor, a constable of the H division, stated, that while enL duty inL Osborne-place, SpitaMfelds at a-quarter to -3 that morning, he heard rattles springing andl loud cries. of "Step thief P" autthe next moment saw the prisoner runngridytwards hins. He stepped aside till he came leveL With him and then pounced out upon him, but thea =ioerslpe away, and as he did so levelledl two heavy owat head with an. iron bar, one of which fell upon his shoulder and the other upon his arm. Witness as well as he could still pussued the prisoner, who was k-ept at bay by two other constables, who turmed him each time he neared t-hem, until att length, af ter doubling in this way towvards the witness severa times, ho became thoroughly bewildered, did not know which way tD run, and darted ntoa pasae,woree lost sight of him.- Kely, 30 , sidhe heard suddena cries of "1Step thief" in rik.ane ad awthe prisoner sun out of the house No.26,belngig o ajewlle ati atcmakr.He, continud te cy, nd ursed im ntoOsborne-street, -where he mdearaspat im,but mined his footing andfell, and - te prionr, ftr svealattempts it hiis capture had been mod bythewitessand other officers, disappearedI downthe assge eferedto by Larter, where, upon searchingit, the dicovredhe had jambed himszelf into a kind of coal- celar enetha staircae which was too small to hold.- mere tha his feet and shoulders, and left his -body projecting. On pX.ulling h im. out he disCovered.- the crowbaxr now mroduced, a-~ very heavy and formidable wepnabout two feet in length. 'With the assistance -of aohroffices he lodged him in the station,, and on going back to the house No. 26 he found it had beeni burgiariougly entered at the rear, a window having been prized open by the crowvbar, the end of which exactly fitted the inidentations in the woodwork, while the shop was in A stater of the greatest. confusion, and the works of nilmerona Watcl&3. Ma aattered over the floor. .--- Ai.Courthall,the owner of the hous mentioned, stated thathe ell ecued hs pemiss a 12at. night, and xaore partculrlythe indw a qustio, wichwasfmatenedwit tw blts oe o wicl~doppd ntoth ci].heotac roued utof isslep y te frius aringofthe b.e and ext aw ligt releced fom a shd a ntth AcY. under the imression that the house was on fir, but on get, onfn into the nop, whiChappeared to have been rauaoned, he sound a glass cage, 'which d eetiped ,heser ori the counteor, lying on tioe oor s 'heve . pisces, and several wtcat hds,y s, and other pltiCles of plate and jewelrt stolen. e itjmmeaiately rans to Aia sreet door, shouting "Thevers, of a the sare mronment eaw two meI dart out of te adjoining court0 one of whom stronglyreembled the Cpisoer. 1d 3 -X- dePOsed-the Pisoners being ienteneed to transportation about seven or eig6.t ye..re ,p, an the prisoner, -who offeref bisoefence was coraMitted till that day week for the ofmpletion of the eviden e.E SouTawAk.-orbhn Wais andnIEd,mird Vine, twro Utd about7l6 yrkos of ag e, vh brougmI before o r. CoJsli for final examination charged with stealing a cashbox oon. tuimnin near 300 movereigns, The property of ChArlotte Blunko. mr. Solomon appeared for the' prosecttion and Mr. 04perfld for the fdprisoner Walsh. . r pstothern infotmed his worship that ding the absence'froinlhomne of theo prose6cutrii, ,who is a lighter-man, re,idini in Barnan-street, .te rmondey, on the nigmt of the '20th ultimo, ber' bedroom *aa entered, and her cashbier contaningnear 00 yoverersn, stolent and carried awaiy. It was ascertained, that Walsh andl Viins ad-beezn about th houme duriigher abenoe, anJh*d b .,sn one of her9 onw George Blinko, 16 yeas of age, whom the prisoner pi Walchur h, withi threatr4 -induced Lto fetch his mother's cashilox downi to Iook at The foolihA*4ldid azre ested, when, ashe un. derstood, Wah and Vie stole it em hhm, and ra h away with the cashieox andciontent& :The trix her son? r.diafterward,tho prisoneres int custody hut, believing that the formei6tat the under thrac fro m Walsh, she abandoned the charge sgainsthim and ho (Mr. Soloz on) fropomed to call hiiln as witne _H hovevor. Ehould pt other-96taosses Into the box, showinig that the prisoners at the bar 'were about'tke house at the time of the iobbe v - M. mCass, after hnaringthevidene, sathat,, inder a uthecircumstanhce, e soui comit tha e prisoners for tria atL the next Surrey Seasioni. LAsar .-Hem7y Wai3er, a. porter in the employment ofilessrs.Toxolintoandstundens,csarcedmerchants, 33,irass. cheap, 'was chargor beforei thet Hon. GctnOd3,rtOe 7ith, in hasngi qua.ntitofzaeopepper, and otherve ar thes in hr*s posession, and not ivising he ventsatorycuto the peedn' ost-¢ session of pliathem. onse, and he there sav ofe rn Shereant Hammond, 10, -shgihe.%deht abont half-p #A7 o'flock the previous evening- he was in the Brixton-road, near te gr, when he saw tie prisoner, wio thad hag on tis soder.Witness stopped- the prhsoner- 'and asked hn'what he had natr his bag. He relied. notothing at all." W-itness searched the bag, and found in it ibont 31b. of ic, which thbe prisoner said he hed bought at the wareouse of his emplother. homtheisoner'strouerspoke't were some almon, which thestAd he hd taken from. some .sainles. Witnews afterWards wVent to the prisoner's hdig,and sAw The prisoncers -wife. She denied atflrst thaitshe was his (prisoner's) 'wife. He told her that her husband wass in custody, and that he came there to search er rooms. Howentinto the font rpalonr andtaeroom-tpitairs and discovered several packets ofnrice, ginger, cayenne -pepper. almonds, nutmeg-, ac., and several of these'ere in the stove fovered over. While he was naking the selrchl Mrm Wnaller observed that she did no more than the rest did. M1r. J. Itecdell sad that the prisoner had been in his servioe about nine mtonths, nan that hei had 2.5 men of one sort or another in hlis-employ meat. M~3r. Nonxoir.-Can you identif- these articles ? -Witnems-T_heJ&are &alartcleslIdel in i belieTe they are taken from -the bulk. he is not the only one. Witness.-I amr afr-aid there is some, tnnth ir 'what shie sas. it is not t-he first time I have discoDvered I have been robbed. The prisoner said that he took some of the articles, and that some were. giebhm Mir. Eendeil hered ithaot he took the prisoner into his service as be was in gret distress He had the prisoner's ~inhis service, in whichL she had been about five -prisoner was remandea -til Friday. iJUMit Mils, a marriedl 'oa,rsding at 11, Hanotstreae;-nppeed to a sumnTonis charged. with selling spirits, &c., v&,iiout a license. Tolice-nan-Morton, 63 I, sa-id that on Sunday, the 17th, in consequence of a communication receivred by the Suprn tenlent of the division, he went to the defendant's hos= 'whichi is a private hous,e, and he tnere saw some penrsons_ 'who wereserved with gin bythe:defendant. Heaiskedlier fler huslilnd'wasn6tthere. Shewas-the only jpersop-who was serving. - M1r. Neale, -who attendedi for the defendant, saidi that she wasacting unaer,the authibrity 6f he' husband. Mr. N.osTof.-2No matter,her- husbland was not there. MT. NOPRToN obserredltbat noth rould becaklculted to do so mnuchinuyasteehoss Vhen he was examined before the committeet of -the' House of Comimons he expressedthat opinon, Abd- herstated that, he feliered therA were may houses -of the description' of that held by'the 'defeiidlant. - . ' I -,--_ '-- The defendant wa ie,i h iiae eaty o 74, or, in default ofpamn,sxwes pron nt--
IsiOAT SERVIM- s.ST, Aug. 27.-At daybreak alarm guns were heard from the Goodwin ligLtvessels. A schooner was seen on rhore upon theNorth Calli pey. There being a fresh gale with -eavy sea, the XLamsgate harbour steamer Aid was despatched with the lifeboat (No. 2 on White's plan) in tow. At 915 a.m. the steamer Aid and the lifeboat returned with the schooner and her crew in tow. The wind was at the time from westsonth-west, and the vessel was forging ahead upon the sand before wind and sea. The lifeboat's crew-boarded her, and the captain made a signal to theisteamer to assist her of£ *Wih much diffclty the steanmer approached her in very shallow water (seven feet), and succeeded in sending her large hawser to the schooner, by which means, and. with much exertion and risc, they dragged her off the sand. The schooner, being on the weather side of the sand, would have gone to pieces as the tide flo*ed. She proved to be the Paulin% cf Rochelle, Bernard, master, from Nercastle, bound for Rochelle, with coal& An immediste award was made of 481, or 2Ss. per man; 77. to the steamer Aid and the lifeboat. [Advertisement.]-" Corinne; or Italy," by Madame de Stae, c'heep edtion. price 2a, cloth 2s. 6d, post free, consideredon all han4soneofthevay best movel1 every Yetwitk:n. LordByronand other great writers have paed the highwet econinums on the talent, the beillancyv, the wonderful coneeption of Corinne. Alo ready, " 'The Wiow Babyv," M Mrs. Teolope, price 2s, cloth 2a. 6d. "'ag Babe in and,' bvJ. Monir, author of " Zobrab" I&c KioelIs 6i., clotht2 Headlong Hanl and iightmare Abbe;," by T. L resack, price Is. "Tales for the Marines." b Lieutenant Wise, anthor of "Los Gunoe," &c., mice Is. d London, Ward and 14ik, 158, Pleetetet. [Advertisemeent.-" Zana, the Gips; or, the Heire^s of Cair Hl1," by } s Ann S. Stephenr, author of " Fashion and emlne. Nev esiition, prioe ls.&-., cdoth, :g; postfree lI 8d,-This *story depicts ie i Gips lifeSwith picturesque force, unldcalain theromoanoeof love desertion, andre.enge,inwhichthe derydispoEition of the Egyptian is mrominently illustrated. "The Smuggler," .yJ. Banin, pnce 2PLs clot 2. 6Ld.-An excellent naralnovel, fell of daring adventure. k50, "Life of a Sailor," by Captain Chamier, p rice 2L ; cloth. Ps, 6d. "1Ben Brace, or, the last cf Nel.on's Agamsen, none,"by the same author, prioe 2s.' cloth 2s. L,; detailing many incidents in the private life of Lord 2Rels;n unrecorded in history London, Ward and lock, 158. leet-esret. [Advertisement.1"lWemoirs of the Court of the He. gency ?' from original family docamente, by tLhe Dukea ofBaseling-. bam end Chands,m KG:, oDmDlete in two vein, SeT, With PTotralts, just published,-" Two goodly volumes on the English Court-full of new sayings, pictures, anecdotes, and scenes-dearing up much sicrethisWry."-AthenrumL *'Invaluable, a.howingthetrus light in vhichrasy of thestiriugevent oftheeeny are tobs viewed. The lovers of Court gosip find not a little for their Cdifieationaend amumente-Literar-y zette. "Theser olumez ough 7 to be carefully stuli-edhby aUl Englishmen who wosildpretend to a Smowlede of thepoliticalhistoryef theiroountry."-IllnstratedXebwHuraI and Blackest, publisherEs 1- Great Marlborough-street, j Advert"s ment.1-xWoyal Academy--.roposals for its Befc-m;-The "Ax-ournal for September, price In Sd., contains two Engrving from Pictres in the Boyal Collections:-" St. Catherine," G. Guido, and " Constantien sfter J. Jcobt. ,ith an Eonra'.ng from the Statue of the "1;ate .Orl 0! Belfast" The literary contents includo:-The oyal Acade; roposals for i Befern-" Granite," by Rt. Hunt, P4R.Si-Brih Artists;b IF. 15 J. D). Hrding, illutrated-A P'e woiels,on ExhibItions, ke-The Art Seaaonorof856-The Hational Gallery-Healdr-The Courts of the Crysal Palace, il1uwtrated-The Xooks of th GideAgs;3 by the Bte'. EL6 Coute,illubtrated--Corres;ondencefrom the UcitedStateas, Sc. 'Vtue ad co., 25, Paternoster-row. fAdvertisement,:}-"A Ahur O'Leary," by Charles Lev6r.7 inice2s.,isnowready. Mr.leverin thiswork quitshis usualround. Bere, instead of danciugplumes and fl-shing blades-of EngUsh and Irish female hearts brokern by the moses of our Light Dragoons, and of Fench male heads splt by the alwart arms of our heavies, we have the travelling experiences of a kind-hearted, simple-headed English gentleman, whose .adentureS wre full o dramatic incident. The tone of the book throughout is light easy, ancd good natured. London, George Routledge and Co., Farsngdon-street. [Adverisement]-l"Bentley's Miscellany," price 2is. Gd. Ccntentb for September-No. 237:-A Month In the Crimea, after the Paots SebastopoLbyaCavsiryO0fced-Madame Vestris-TheJohit- Stock Banker, A Te of the Day. by Dudley Costello; chaps. viLxv^iiL, ad xl.Charles Reads's " It is never too Laste to 7dendl"-Ths Spenthrilt. byW. Hazrison Ainsworthi, Eeq.-Ayteen's "Bo3thwrell" -The Euphrates Valley Ballway and IndGoErenn TelegraphBight atLat-AQuartet o! Quaterly Itevlureeo ir Walter Sot, Southey Earl Stanhope,JohbnwlFon Croker, byMonlshood. London, BichIauBentley, New Burlngton-street. LAdvertisement,]-The "Austrian Dungeons of Italy." I5sP. Ors`m4ni ceIs Thstentlithausand.now rendy. "Tisopublicationof the Austrian=Duneons oflItaliscaslculatedtoproduee'an effect en the minds of the hilishpeople not less powerful than that CLf Mr. Gladstones; 1amphlet onthe Rag GE liapes, or Silsio Pehlico' ccu ofr hids2 imprisonmBent.T2he littlEe °b£ookin which this strange stemre is contained in well worth reading. It is wttn simply, quiet]ly and anflly Asamee sory th esnpefOaind must.h classendo with toeasof TreackndLatudae, axndpfar b^ytondthat of Lovaetto. There is, howrever, a far deeper intest about the book than any which in derIved merely from ite romantic character-It reveals a SaturdayRevtiew. Lonon,Geoge Buedhe anrd Co.,5 Prrlngrdeon- Advertisement]-" Stainley Thorn," bv the talented author of "Valentine V ,"piils boards, cloih 2s.b,. post free 2a is, cnow added to Wa Lockse chep series of staudard noveIe-vany consider Sab Tkcsn" superior to "'.Valentine Voex, being a stoy of ral' replete with humour aud wit. The variouimiidtdes ceoin by the hero awe amuing inLthe exharme. A&loD mst ready, "The ca of Wrexhill,' by 1,im. Trohiope, author of " WAdowr Bnarby kAc.,. lrie 2., cloth 2s, Gd., poSt free s 2d. Tahis deyer nord may wet be tllel tho English" Tatuffe." a. it dislays iypocriy and deceit in its true and repugnant lght. "Zohrab ibsheHosae."b7J.-Mouir prie 2S, cloth 2a6 d:, iaa meot -. ntertainI and amudsn tale. "Tae Bravo of Venice and Caetle of Oirauto,' by Hlorace aipole Eal of Oxford; cheep etos, price ls.Ld,, pst free68 Ii a, perfect Wpeelo that asoet and sere jelag f ovze fo mardlluewtlhocu,isaMiddse s"-unin~ [sevesyozise leli" Obperver,"which has been esea.l b3ll updi ofabinti uryu, is the oly nearpeP published on fiundaymomi nmgd eeiaiathe fnleste'pt of sic Saturday's in. l ie I tia lehe -edfriseary lelt nlotices, asweli aEfor ita artclltesotbuine-a-rket andn every other sublect of Bu'ic,nlerst,domsestseorfrgu . X>Tfhre {"Obse-rver atnd eas. deteitiseon sar receiveod up to6 1ionr a4naflrnin o'calobckl te inkelivsncs reesed ithat day is ready at dhock in -be aioon. stam Fgped thsugict-Ole, 17P
THE SUSPCTED :MUBDER.A-j REAP ON ,. COeUT. TO THEB EDITOR OF THE T S.E Sir,-Permitme to correctaonistake which appzaxs ix your impreson of Wednesdy stin zeferencsto the corme found in the Thames near Hampton Court. It is therein stated that shots 'ere found in the left lung, which is an error. A small compact nest of nine shots was found in a very improbable spot (considering the direction of the wounds) mu the fcrthest ana lowest region of the right iung. The first post MnortcM examination was snade by mysel! and Dr. tAis, while the jury were sitting, in order to determine the fact whether Lewis Soiomo3as had died from the effect of tho wounds dissovered in the left side of the chest, or from drownng,-'whetber, in fact, thewounds bad been ifl:icted before or after death. fl:aving satisfied ourselves on that point, it rs ot considered nwcss to prse the invesMiation further. The wounds in the iiesrt especially wereot considernble length, ad if no Cllttin3 instrument was used after the man -ad been fired into, then the erplodyeiforce of theignitedwpowder,rather than the sot, m hve rent the lungs and heart into three Iong and counected wounds. The shot had not in al prohablitytraversed thosa higher regions, having been found entirely ontof that tracIand had not impinged the oppositebonywalls of thecheindeed, one shotr wa found in the abdomen, and the weapon must therefore hAve been pointed downwards, rendeing it impossible for the shots to have reached the upper ancmons in she heart. Whether these incisons, thereforej were the effects of explosion, or of a cutting instrument employed cisdhargo of the pistol in order to render death mors oertain, nO one can tel, in consequence of the decomposed shte of the body -when takeen ont of the water. Considering the extremne nystery of the case, and that the ~ev,dence beforc the urmy was wholly insfficient to clear up this extraordinary fi I was directed by the coroner.to -re-examine the body -with the viewof deterininmg positively w'hether or no firearms had been used for this man's destrrction. On 7ldonday last Xr. Brent, 3fr. Hfeskett, and mnyself spent four hours inmaking a most miinute exaination of the body, anDa found this little nest of nine sbotsin the lower part of the right lung-a single shot lying on tfie daphragm3, and one other lying in the abdomen On one of the intestines. These are more matters of anatomical detail than of forensic value, but they appear to me to be curious'aud valuable contributions both to law and physic. Ism Sir. verrfAithfuliv oure. C. B. GARR}§TT, 31.D. Tamnes Ditbo u. X 28.
TIE REmNT GQAz OFF BniGuuOx.-The bodi~s of all the sufferers who were lost daring the fearful hurricane of the night of Wednesday eek have been *ouud. O a Wednesday Thwaites, Barchant~ and Gringer (bjutbtr to the lad previously found) were picked up rn twro miles west of Newhaven. and on Tharsday ROWi 5$a5 discovered wrashed in abreast of Blstchington Battry, Carden at the subend of Seaford-Afy, Allon at Ouclmunar, three milIes east made of seafora ana Marchant was founil betwreen Chunpp and ~POrtObe lo, nearer to Brigiton. The features of the poor fellows were all distinguisbable, but they were in & very bd state, ad were conveyed to Brighton to their r spectve homne. Yesterday they were all interred iL one pye at the new cemey, and were followed to their ast r ng place by hundreda of their relatives ;ai Iriends, the expense of the grae, &c being ijndly de. -fayed by the Rev. J. N. Goiuly. it is alo iutended to ereet a stone to the memorz of the sufferers, oi which will be incribeda suitable inscription oom-memorative of the sad event. rhe subuription on behalf of the widows ant Drphant Sid thefiehermen who have severely suffered, is proceeding etifaorily, and the list indldes the i_mes of the Marquis of Bristol the borou; members, Admiral Sir -W.GrantXr.nL Peel, e.,who ve subscribed liberally. SOUTHA MXr Aug. 29.-Two steamhiPS" the Cadix and!Jequa v barr ved here witin the l Ter days to go into the grving dock for r These stvmsera belong tn the FraeoAinriain 8tsi Company, b>n'iXgt xeat *csatin Ham, and aeezzipoyd 11n g4h0eKw York tdlrade. h otbe aesss offthe codmpary-i'r., the ArNo~ Vwo, Bareoa Iro Comlois, .repaciiiirs t e, Soutov gany dorofow,toud
MILITARY and NA V.AL 1NTELLIGBENC. !fG followh2s is omon orrespondent, under iate of Augst 25:- "The City or Loadon steam transport arrived from ienoa on the 24th, brla-inng Mr. Telfer, R.N., secretar to Admiral Sir Montaga htopIord, Mms. Telfer, and chlld; _C tainandl Payter Benson, of the Anglo-Italian Legion. Qa 12 priv3tesyof the same Legiw whose taeDing in the Piedmonteso States has been objectra to. The Echug auiliary ecrew transport lefb for Enland ,in the 21at, conveying Commande- Gabriel Johnston, BI.N.. Lto ot ConstantinOplo in theo transport service, Drs. BenLet.t end Hyde, sada Messrs, laggar and Maclditiick " TIse MJataitius steam transport arrived on the 22d fr~r' YZ.te, bringing Maior HIeatcheeck, 23 other officerso &W x-h wad file, 40 women, and 46 children, of the Bo H Wiltffiiroe itia; Major Fuge,8 other officers, c247 _ -ud mIe, 20 wiomen, and 9 children of the B3ng Own S*tfford Militia, and. left for England on the 23d, "Hecr Majesty's steam sleew Raspy arrived wro the 24th roul Smgrt, rnng Malor-Gcneral- Sto;ke, A-sistant- l d Mr, l)iekson. "4The Bertolet French war steaer,htsving in tow the Pandor sailing frigate, beoar" the bag of Rear-Admiral Pelion, leftfor Toulon on the 20th, conveying the same -troops they brought dormn fromn the East. 'The~~ Demerara English brig, with barley for England, ->d the Ady FElora Hastings, English bark, with eats for rseiles, both foraccount of the French Government, sailed on the 21st. "Thef Napoleon IL. English steamer, in the French transport service, arrived on the 21st from Constantinople, brinzing 7 Polish officers, 204 French lank anid file, and 18 edviiaus, and left for 11arseilles on the 22d. " The Star of the South, American steamer in the French transport service, with troops, arrived last evening from the Tne Bceotia and the Egtian, screw steamers, with general cargoes, arrived from Alexandria on the 21st and sailed forLi:vE*pOol on the 22d, the latter having on board DeptyAssistant-Com issary-General Colquhoun, As- Cstant-Commsry-General Clarke, and nine other Comsnissariat officers whose names are not reported. "The Jourdain French postal steamer arrived on. the 20th from Constantinople, Smyrna, and Syra, bringing, among other passengers sor MIarseilles, whithershe proeaeded on the sams night, 22 of the Anglo-Polish Legion, and 246 French officers, rank and file, and 30 civil emptoy~s "The Hellespont 3rench postal steamer left on the 21st forMessna, the Itiports, and Marseilles, whence the .Vatican French postal-steamer arrived on the 24th. "Tlhe Hydespa and Tanilse French postal-steamers arrived fromx arseilles on the 24th, and left on the same mzornng, the latter for Alexandria; the formert after landing Dr. Sammat and Captain Gould, 31st Regiment, for Symn, Smyrne, and Constantinople. "-The Pennsular and Oriental Comisany's steam packet Ava is iut signalled from Alexandria. The Overlan India mnail she brings for England will be despatched to Marseilles this morning by the Valetta, belonging to the same company. "Upwards of 13,000 tons of coals have arrived from Enulish ports during the last four days, and lighterage as well as storeage are very searce, and difficult to be had. The naval depatment has secured the extensive range of stores in Caldema Bay." Her Majesty's yacht Osborne, Commander G. H. KL Bower (master, R.N.), arrived at Spithead last evening, at half-past 6 o'clock, from the westward, with the Lords of the Admiralty on board; their Lordships will now make their annual official visit of inspection to Portsmouth Admniralty establishments. Her mhjestiys steam troopslip Vulcan, Commander Furmeaux, whose arrival at Spithead we reported yesterday, left Quebec on the29th of July, having on board Lieutenant Wl2son, of the Royal Canadian Rifles; and Staff-AssistantSurgeon J. IL Finnemore, 107 men of various regimnents, principally invalids 25 women, and 23 children, besides seven military convicts of the 16th Regiment. In lat. 44 57 N., long. 43 46 W., she feU in with a ship's lower mast much burnt; no name on it; spoke the Agamemnon, of Liverpool, at the entrance of the Channel on the 26th inst. The newly erected paper and pulp steammill in Woolwich arsenal has now commenced operations under the most favourable auspices. The labours for the present are to be confinedto the mndacture of catridge bags only, of which the machinery in its present state (under the personal superintendence of Mr. Matcintosh, the patentee) turns out a suficiency, under ordinary circumstances, for the supply of the entire British army and navy. Its capabilities average a3bout 20,000 bags per hour, ready for being filled. The principal portion of the machinery, which is on a new and perfectly uniue principle, was supplied by Mesrs. B. Hick and Son, of Bo!ton, and consists of driving engines and boilers, pumps, pulp reservoirs, paper-cutting machines, various drying apparatus, &c., as we aLs the factory engine of 40-horse power, the steam piping, iron pillars, rooin, and numerous fittings. The kmtting machine is from the frm of Messrs. Perry and Son, of Aberdeen; and the cisterns by Messrs Bl ld of Aberdeen. Other machinery ill eventually he added to the establishment for the manufacture of everyv kind of paper required in the various departments of Ier Majesty's service. This will effect a considerable saving, as the cost of the materials employed in the manufacture of the articles will be comparatively nothing, an immense art of them, such as linen and other rags, being supphed from the barracks and other Goverment institutions. The troops belonging to the Provisional Battalion at Chatham ace naking considerable progress in the Enfield rifeinstruction, under CaptaiuW. Nott, 83d Regiment, and tieutenant A. M'Leod, 78th Highlanders, the instructors in musketrY to that garrison. Nearly the whole of the noncommissioned officers and men belonging to the dep6ts of the Indian and colonial regiments, whicl form the Provisional Battaion, have completed their preliminary course of instructionin the theory and use of the EnCe)d rifleand the troops belonging to the Chatham division of Royal Marines Aght Infantry, -who are all armed with the Enfield rife, are also undergoing a course of rifle instruntionunder Maior G. B. Rodney, Royal Marines, the instruetr of musketry to that corps. The men belonging to the following depots at Chatbana Barracks-viz., the 8th (the King2's) Reiment, the 10th, 12th, 24th, 20th, and 4Sd Light Infantry, and the 7t0th and 76th Regiments, -Vl thi day complete their coum6e of instruction and return to their ordinary garrisor. duties, when a fresh detail of non-commissioned officers and men will be selected for instruction. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty : W. H. Purvis, Master's Assistant, to the Impregnable; W. B. Goldsmith, Laster's Assistant, to the Amethyst; Dr. William Ray, Assistant-Surgeon, to the Actneon- E. P. Forest, Acting Assisitant-Surgeon, to the Wasp; iEdward ilFCarthy, Acting A.istant-Surgeon, to the Vesuvaus - D. 0. Sullivan, Acting stantSureon to Haslar ATospital; Francis H. Moore, Acting AssistantSureon, to the E dinburgh; J. D. Duffey, Acting AssistantSurgeon, to the Scourge.. THE MTIA. The Kerry Militia was finally disembodied at Tralee on the 18th inst. A good number of the men had previously taken their. discharge, receiving the usual gratuity, and thanking the officers for the great kindness they had received. The Ker-y was one of the best organisedreg ments in the Militia, and contributed very largely to t. line when the demand for men was great.
CLERICAL DISTRESS. TO THE 'EDITO OF THE TDIJES. Sir,-In reference to the case mentioned by " A Curate" of a brother curate now ill andin want, whose stipend for a p in Esses of 1,300 people had been only 8M!. a-year, I beg to Doint out that here was a manifest breach of the law. The rector was non-resident (in Ireland, where he has a private fortune), and in such a case (the population exceedsmg 1,00) the stipend should have been 1501. a-year (Ist and 2d of Victoria, chap. 106, sect. 85). The parsonage-house the bishop is empowered to assign to the curate, without rent or deduotion from his stipend. If the unfortunate gentleman in question has served in the same place 25 years. he has thus 'een defrauded of 1,7501. ; for the 1st and 2d of Victoria, chap. 106, sect. 85, is buta re-enactment of a similar scale of stipends assigned to the cuAtes of non-s-sident incumbents by a statute passed in 1817. 31y remarks are founded on the supposition that the rector in onuestion has been inducted since the 20th of July, 18139 If that be not so, the case presents no illegalit ; ol a total want of equity and humanity. As the formal words of the law itself may have more w.eight than my statement of their substance, I here subjoin the 85th section of the 1st and 2d of Victoria, chap. 106:- , "That inevery case inwhich n itual rson shall have been, since the 20th of Jy, sp113r shal instituted, inducted, nominated or appointedto, or otherwise become incumbent of, any b,enefice, and shall net duly reside therein, the bishop shall appoint for the cate licensed under the provisions of this act to serve such benefice, such stipend as is hereinafter nextmentioned, that is to say, such stipend shall in no case be less than 80l. per annum ; nor less than 1o00. per anntm, or than the whole value, if such value shaU not amoant to l001. in any pansh or place where the population shall amount to 300 persons nor less than 1201. per annum, or than the whole value, iisuch value shall not amount to l20iL, in any parish or place where tbe population shall amount to 500 persons - nor less than 135!. per annum, or than the wholo value, if such value shall not -mout to 1351., in any parish or place the pcopulation shall amount to 1,000 persons," I sm. Sir. you.rs x- - CLERICUS.
HOTwr WFs~rss~ Csg :AIE. BuIrLT-We have before us thea 7Viconsin r3Virror a lage and handsome newspaper, ismued weekly, at 1jilbor city, Colmnbia counry, Wisconsin at the point where the La Crosse and hlilwaukee Rairoaa is to cross the Wisconsin river, and whero there is a gre3t water-power. illhourn city is located by the Wisconsin River Hydraulic Company, on a plot of somne three square miles, embracing the water-nower, cehich was surveyed lst summer; lots first offered for sale nsct September; work on the darm commenced in October; , first building fitted for occupancy irn Deember, and im- y occupied as a printting-ofico, *hebe the journal =fe,:;.O,iid was ed on the first dayoftheunrrertyear. Aj ,;:ext house finished was for the use of the energetic e iz r A. H. Holly. A good school-house was begmn in .pr&i, by which time some IO orl2 families had gotroofs over thse,x beads, and rince the 1st of Tuly has been iD. asil7 ar schools on week days and as a church on S2nd,yg 'Zhe xailroad aforesaid is to be completed to' _,e= city, 20 miles eas', on the Ist of January next - nd theo people of ilboumn, now numbered by hundredZ and expecting soon to be thousnds, moen to welcome the emort of the "Iron FIoit/" within a year. Such is a brief glnce at the origin of one of t}e thoumnd indentationu which free labour is anna11 y making intq the gac-t prairie ,ad=ess of thb 119rth-Wct.
IZNSANfITY AN'D CBIME. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE WS . . Sir,-The letter of "RX IL," in Se Times of Monday, touches upon a smbject of vast importance, and ono upon wbich, in my opinion, the excellent and philanthropic men who met at Bristol lastb week to promote the reformation of young criminals have expressed ideas which are erroneous and unsafe. Sympathizing most heartily vwith the objects of the Bristol congress, I feel it the more needful to point out any grave defect in the views of its principal promoters, which may sow the seeds of future difficulty and prevent the successful issue of their wise and humane efforts. Such a defect I see in the admission of Iord Stanley, that morbid actions of the mind and unnoticed cerebral disease are the frequent causes of crime; and in the doctrine explicitly insisted upon in Lord Brougham's paper, read before the meeting, that crime is a form of mental disease ; that criminals are only to be conjidered and treated as mental patients that penal meisnres are useless and wrong, and that all correction ought to be directed to the recovery of the patient. Wow, it may be trae that the partitions between crime and insanity are thin; but they exist. And an act which is the rest of unbildled desire or passion is as distinct from an act which-is the result of diseased processes in the brain asit is possible for human actions to be from one another. The strength of desire or passion is the result of repeated wilful indulgence, and it can be checked at will, under the influence of a stronger desire-the desire to avoid retributive pain; for instance. But insanity is not under the influence of the wil, or the balance of desire, The one is phWologicAl, the other pathologicaL The one is the strength of the muscle in the blacksmite's arm, the other is that of muscular spasm in tetanus or strychnine poisoning. It is lamentable to see great criminals exculpated on the false asumption that crime is a proof of "morbid mental action." It would be more lamentable, because more extensively mischevous, to see juvenile criminals treated on the same unsound principle. Crime, ignorance, insanity may touch each other on the edges, bat they are distinct things; and so are punishment, education, and the medical treatment of mental disease. 1ord Brougham would wholly exclude the retributive element from the treatment of his criminal " patients." Bu: are the individuals of whoin society is composed not only ready to give up their uersonal rights to satisfaction for injury, but also to see that satisfaction bartered for doses of moral medicine, cautiously aflainisteredbytender-hearted trainers and sympathizers? The natural man, who finds his family butchered and his hut plandered, seizes tomahawk and rBe, and, mrged by the strongest of instincts which God has stamped upon his being, he seeks to rerancUer himself upon the wrongdoer. The man in society gives up his right to seekinperson repayment for personal injuries. But his instinct of anger and desire to indict retributive pain for wilful injury remain the same, although he deputes to others the-power to inflict it. If just retribution for wilful injury is surrendered by the administrators of our law to the demands of humane philosophizers, injured individuals Wil cease to *respect the action of the law as jint and efficient, and will posAsibly endeavour to revenge themselves. Those doctrines of the manufacture of virtue and repression of vice, which came in with the phrenologist-, may be tree without affecting the force of my arguaent. Por if theplea of organism and of irresistible cerebral action is admitted on behalf of the criminal, it cannot be excluded on behalf of other parties to thte transaction. If the burglar cannot help plundering my house, I canmot help the desire to see him smart. for it, nor can the just judge hkelp the desire to inflict upon hhm a righteous payment for his mis- Therefore, however yon may educate your criminals with a view to the future, if you do not wish to degrade the majesty of the law into a dubious k-ind of menial therapeutics, if you do not desire to attenuate the public abhorrence of crime and the love of justice, treat crime as crime, and punish your criminals for the past. If eiminal youths do not receive retributive punishment for their offences before they are sent to the reforming school, the taint of crime will hang on the latter in the nostrils of the public, and the youths themseIves will inevitably consider their education in the light of a prolonged pumahaiut. The nature of man, howvever igoorant he may be, forbid's him to accept a good thing, like education, as the proper repaymnent for an evil act. J. a. B. zi. ,
VAcAns, 's.POn NqTS, AND PP.OMOTIONS m T13} Orvir. S3RPACE-The Royal Household.-A chaplainey in ordinary to the Queen has become vacant by the death of the Rev. W. Cooper. The Foreign Department.- TneConsil Gteneralshipof0Odessand the Consal-Generalshin of Warsaw are vacant, as well as several consulahips an= vice.consulships of the Russian empire. Coastguard.- lAeutenant C. EIwkey has been appointed to command the Dinglestation. Coatoms.-Mv. A. IL DArcy, extrs clerk, -as been agpointedclerk in the Exatniner'es-ofice, london dr. W. m ompson has been promoted from iaspector o ers to landng sm-reyor at Liverpool; iff . Wilkinson gas becn promoted from second to xrst class searcher at rverVool; MIr. C. Stower has been promoted from third to' secona class searcher at liverpool; Mi-. J. Bennett has been p.omoted from forh to thrd cLass searcher at Liverpool; .Z R,fW,Swayne has beeo promoted from fifth to IO class searcher at Iiverpool; Mr, W. - 1ndla clerk. t on. tese, has becir promoted to be second c4i: at Dundee. Ilrehnd....Mr T. Zf, R, Jones ha,s h~eep appotated a cadet in he cntbular,ifo a*f compettiv e,-anation.-Uir ~~2s'k~~~~ Gcrseue. -~~~~~~~.:
THE 10YAZ FAMILY OP OUDB. SO3UTHALMPTO1, YIkmIx Xvnzm,. The excitement whici& followed the arrival of thi illustrious family has ?i=most totally subsided. The stangely dressed natives ,aroll and lounge about the artiets witheut apparently the slightest not,ce leing taken of them. The, pol0cemm'a -occnoatior., whose duty it is to guard the teror thof t he oriestal iigior is gone and te inhabitats sar-rounding, tie Royal Yorklotei ea:e eagerly looking forward for the time to arrive *he n the "Royal famiily" of Oude wl tAe its departure.' It iniot unfreeqgently that passers by complain of the inconveizienca their olfactory organs experience opposite tbe gateway of the royal residence anda in many insBances the other side of the road is now preferred to the one vwhich a few days. since attracted the attention of bV many gazers. - Mr. Brandon, the interpreter to the, Queen snd family, has for some days past beeni occupied in London in the selection of apartments for the Royal party, buts it is said, has Aot succeeded in secring a suitable place. Altogether the natives appear a very good-teipered race, and amuse themselves principaUy by troubling shop'keepers to explain the quality and use of the articles exposed for sale, but in fewv instances making-purchases at the prices viich they are caUed to tender for the transfer of the goods.
THE STATE OF CA ZioBrATf. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMS. Sir,-During the last fortnight the Vigilanco Committee have maintained their armed. organiation; their bayon ets still bristle in the streets; their, fortress in the heart of the ciystill retains its warlike appearance-cannon sweep all the approaches to it and point downward from its roof; a guard of some 100 extempore soldiers are on duty day and night in and around it, and the State authorities continue without arms and powerless. Judge Terry, of the Supreme Court, still remains a pri. soner in the cells of the committee. It is said his trial has been going on ever snce the departure of the last maiL He is prevented from seeing his wife or family; it is nlow 24 days since he was permitted to cee them. What are the charges against him, or by what evidence they are sought to be supported or refuted, the public have no means of knowing. le has not been permitted to see any friend or adviser except once, and for one hour during-his trial Itis said that the committee appointed one of their own boSy, an auctioneer named Smiley, to prosecute him; and another of their body, a liquor dealer named Truett, to defend him. The tribunal before which he is tried is presided over by a mercantile commission agent named. W. T. Coleman, and is composed of some 20 or 25 persons, all of whom are brokers, grocers, auctioneers, commission agents, methanics, and real estate speculators-respectable citizens in their various avocations, but men who have hitherto taken no part in Governmental affairs. Bow fair this trial may be, or what may be the result, is entirely a matter of conjecture. About 30 priso3:ers are said to be confined in the Vigilance Committee Fortress, who are for the most part disreputable characters, o, persons against whom some acts of at leas. a questionable character are charged. Among them is an old resident of California, a Mr. A. A. Green, who by marrying into one of the families of Spanish California ob. tained posession of the ancient records and documents of the Pueblo, or town of San Francisco, which were carried off and hidden at the time of the conquest of the territory by the Americans in 1840 and 1847. These documents and records were highly important to the present civil Govern. ment as muniments of title to real estate. Green opened a negotiation some nine months since with the authorities, *and offered to produce these papers if he were paid $0,000. Ills offer was declined. Ten days since a strong troop of | the Vigilanco Committee made a midnight sweeu on I Green's residence, captured him and his two brothers, and, it is said, obtained the old records. This last fact is nob certainly known. In this act there seems a sort of rough backwood justice, as Green could have no proprietary right to the publc archives of the Pueblo. A meeting of citizens was called on the 14th to demand the resignation of the city and county officers. There I appeared to be quite a strong minority against their being I called on to resign, and a noisy demonstration made adverse to the movement generally. A troop of Vigilance Committee soldiers marched into the crowd, arrested some 15 of the dissentients, and marched them off to the popular prison, where they were handcuffed and kept a day or two in durance, and then liberated. It is generally believed that the Vigilanoe Committee have gone so far that they will have to continue the movement, depoae the city and county officers and the State Executive, tsurp the reins of Govermnent provisionally, and order a new election, and that immediately; as probably in three or four weeks more the response of the Federal Go. vermment to the demand of the Govemor of the State for armed aid will arrive; in -which case thelUnited States' forces here will probably be put at the disposition of the State Governor. If, however, by that time the State Governor. Le spirited awxy, the~ vill be no constitutional authority to put those forces in motion, as ho alone can do it. Before the military and navaloffinls of the Federal Power can get extra instructions from 7ashington (which will require two months more) it is probable a -new governor vill be elected, who will efuse to use those forces against the Vigilance Committee. In this way and for the present, until the retturning sensse of the people shall leave the revolutionists in a minority, trdy will be safe. In my opinion there is a strong u.nder.current of feeling,' carrying this people onward in their movement, which does not appear on the surface, which is never named, which is absolutely tabooe4 but which nevertheless furnishes a solution to this sustained and popular action-that is, the partisan feeling between the NTorth and South, which again finds its basis on the slavery question. The revolution in California is a Northern movement; the objects of its antipathy are Southern men and Southern principles, primarily; and, secondarily, the low democracy, who have generally been found to bo the tools and supporters of Sou'thern pelities. It is ridiculous to suppose that the mere facts of two or three ballot-boxes in out-of-the-way polling booths having been tamnpered vwith, and that 20 or 30 election rowdies had gotup fights on election days, should produce this.t1e. mendous excitement, this armed force, this court of modern Star CZhamber, this muzzling of the free press and of free speech. The above evils could have been corrected in a wee!k by the ordinary processes of law. The cause lies deeper. Southern. men have ruledl this State hitherto. They have occupied th3e supreme bench of tho judiciarythey have been appointed to represent the State in Congress-they have,-oy their dexterity and political intelli gence, moved the WireS behind the scenes, and the State Government offces have danccd as they willed. Northern menhave'been attendingto their private affairs, trading mining, money-etting, building cities and roads, projecting commerce, and Mg, as is their home habit, the duties of private thriving citiens. lExasperated at length by the shooting of their favourite editor in the streets, thefeeling which they mnst have long nursed in silence broke out in a blaze, and has carried them, far beyond the bounds of prudence, into wild schemes for moral and political regeneration, into anarchy and revolution. I take it that this is hut an outbreak, at a distant spot, of that feeling_ which pervades th northern States of the American Union-a hatred of Southern domination and Southern principles; a feeling which at no distant day wil divide the, Union into Northern and Southern Governments. This event is no longer dreaded by intelligent Americansby slow degrees they havebecomereconclUedto what appears to them to be a sad but inevitable necessity. California will probably throw her vote for President in favour of Fremont and free soil, although Fremont is generally thought here to he infinitely inferior to Buchanan in Presidential onalifications, and is, etrange as it may seem, personally unpopular-probably from his owning iimmDense landed property in the State. AN. A.GLO-CAMLFORNIAN. San Francisco. Ualifornia. July 2L
LAwem, THE SEFF-CO2EXESsED AU11DERER. Lavler, whose strange confession of rnurder and despera. tion since his arrest has beea aleadv published, was removed on Tuesday to a cell in the diy prson. Siae'that time he has acted in the most extraordinary manner, Early yesterday morning be tore his clothes in shrede, and then set fire to ana destroyed his bed. Ee seemed determined to destroy himself, but the vigilance of his ksepers prevented ham from carrying out this determination. At 11 o'clock he was bronght before Justice Connolly for examination. In answer to the questions put to him, he denied his guilt of the crime of murder, and said, " I heard that a person was lost whenIwasthere: tbatisall Iknow aboutit." The reason he gave for this stangeeondnctwas thatshe "felt bad in his mind." Mr. Charles Edwards, counsel for the British Consdlate in this city, here stated that he had ef documebt in his possession in relation to this singular a&ir -a letter from Iawler addressed to the British Consul. The letter was then sabmitted. It was as follows:" Fort Columbus, Nfew York, Aug. 6, 1S56. Sir,-Ibe to addressyou in vourofllial capacitytoinfora you of a enme -a murder-committed by me in Ireland some three years It was a poor girl, wvhm I seduced and then drowned vvhileI was schoolmaster of the union workhouse of Rlath. drum, county Wicklow. I am but a short time in this country, and a recruit in the army here, bub fading no peace of mind I resolved, if possible, to get tried and executed, and for this purpose beg toapplyto you.-I remain, Sir, your very humble servant, JofN IAwLmi. To, tho English Consul at New York. The letter is given abDVo precisely as writben. When the Judge had read the letter, he asked the prisoner, "Did you write that letter?'. lawler replied, " 1 did Eo, your honour, when -bad in my mind." " Bit," continued the magistrate, "how. -came you to write this letter in connexion with the -onoto the chief of the police ?' "I feigned it all to get out of the army," nswered the prisoner. se 'as furtler ques-. tioned as to hiea buiness sincehe left Ielud, and before enlisting in the United States service, and, in reply thereto, said ho ras a clerk in a dry goods store, and then went on a. farm after which lhe returned again to this city and OOl; lzstecL He said he did riot know his exact age-butjt wais' betwveen 25 and SO) years. laIr. E~iwrarda raid, that the acting Brish consul had taken measures to obtaia the neceaarinformation frcin Lreland in relationto the tleged murder of the young woman at ck1eWw.-2wYesn2mc, Apt . 14.
BOYAL 2ORTH LA2CAPfIRE A X ;j7jTUAAL S oczem- - , I1 The annual dintr of ibi Society took place on Thursdayevening, in: thb CotaAlxcqage, Preston; Lord Stanley, M.P., tho presidoat, in the chair. Among those presenb were Sir T. 1hAy Shuttleworth, Mr. JanesEl ywood, X.P.,' Colonel Wilson Patten, ILP., Sir J. G. eskethl, Colonel To'wDey, &c. T1e CnAIsrA2z, in proposing "The Queen," apologized for his late arrival at the dinner. Elli lordship said,-The fact is simply this our friend " 3radshavr," though a very excellent guide, is not quite infallible, On reaching the railway station near to may own residence, betveen 1 and 2 o'clock in the morning, I was told by the astonished station-master, "Lord bless you, Sir, we 've left off running that train a fortnight," (Laughter.) The consequence is, that I have hardly been more than half-an-hour in Preston, andl assure you ithas not been unyfault. (HEear, hear.) Tho usual preliminary toasts having been disposed of, The CHnahen rose, amidst loud cheering, to propose "Prosperity to the Royal North Lancashire :Agricultural Society." He said,-I think Yon wvill excase me if, in compliance with practice, and in accordance Vith what I believe to be your wishes, I preface this toast by giving a very brief statement of our present position and prospects. The present is the tenth annual meeting, our foundation dating from 1847; and, although as regards the number of our subscribers our course has not been uniformly progressive, it is progressing now, and I see no reason for despondency, but the greatest reason for satisfaction. (Hear, hear.) We begau 'With 430 members; in 1848 we had 526, in 1853 we had fallen as low as 360, but we have now, for the first time during the lst five years, risen above 400. We now number about 420 subscribers. I don't tnink the faMling off after the first two -years is anything to be surprised at or to complain of. It is almost a law in al associations of this kidd, or indeed, of any kind, thet the flush and excitement of novelty at the first starting draw into them rather a arger number of persons. than are likely to remain perma. nent members. After a time that novelty subsideP, and the reaction comes. The hot fit is followed by the cold fit, and that in its turn passes off; and then, but not till then, the association settles dowa ona astetdy and permnanent basis, numbering only as subscribers those who really take an interest in its well-being. (Hear.) Turning from, the test of membership to that of our funds, I find that, tahing subscriptions and donations, and. the receipts from all sources, we had something more than 6001. in the first year, about 7001. in 1849, in the last year 644., and next year I believe we have every reason to expect that we shall show a better balance. In that state. ment there is included a gift of above 400. from another society, which dissolved in 1848. Ocr balance last year waq nearry 2801. in our favour, after all expenses were paid, besides something like 100l. of arrears due to us. I think, therefore, we have no reason to fear failure on financial grounds. (Hear, hear.)' am glad to hear, from the testimony, not of one, but of several of those who have witnessed it, that our show this year, in paint both of quantity and of quality of articles exhibited, very far exceeded any which has taken place untilnow. (H[ear, hear.) It has been peculiarly satisfactory, I am told, as regards horses and cattle. Tihat is a gratifying state of things; but there is one other feature in our meeting of this year to which I advert with much greater satisfaction than to anything connected with the show. I am glad to. see a larger attendance and a more numerous subscription on the past of tenant-farmers than we have had for some time past. (Applause.) Last year, when holding a similar office in regard to another agricultural association within this county, I was compeUed to notice the comparative absence of that class of members, though that appeared the only sign unfavourable to the prosperity of that body. Now, I believe there are no men who work harder than our Lancashire tenant-farmers. (Cheers.) There is no set of mnen who hold a more independent or a more creditable position, and if they will only add-and that they will doan increasing knowledge of 'the theory of agriculture to that practical knowledge which they already possess, I see no reason why they should not compete, and compete successfaully, with the largest occupiers of land in England. But this I am quite sure, that no association of this kind can or will prosper unles3 it be supported by the tenantfarmers in the first instance. No such association can or will prosper, or answer the ends for which it is established, if it be supported exclusively, or mainly, by the landlords. (Hear, hear.) From the affairs of this body Ipass onto a larger and a wider inquiry. And first, what are the requirements of agriculture in this district; and, secondly, what are those requirements in England generally? On the first point you wi perhaps exeuse me if I do not go into detal. I am not a practical farmer, my work is of a very different Idnd; and I have not the presumption to offer advice or comment to those who are far more capable of instructing me. But only one thing I will observe. I do not think that, takdng this county throughout, great as is the progress which we have made of late years, our agric uture is quite so far advanced as, perhaps, we have a right to expect that it should be, judging by the enterprise, the ingenuity, and the capital which are expended in other branches of business. There are two defects which almost any casual passenger may note-the one compara. tively imperfect drang, ad the other the smallness of the fields. Noiw, as to sma fields, I say nothing about that, because they may arise from small holdings, and in that case of course their existence is inevitable. (Hear, hear.) But as to drainage, that is equally a benefit to the small holder as to the Large holder; our soil requires it, we have markets close at hand to tak-e off our prodace, it is no new expersment, it is well known and proved to pay, and, above all, it is a matter, more than perhaps any other, in which landlord and tennt can mutualty help one another. (Cheers.) Theres a good deal of truth in an answer that one farmer made to another The first said, "Aye, it is very well for you to make ini. provements; you can afford an outlay, you can afford to run risks and to incur lossesi bnt I can't." "Well," said his friend, "that is very odd, necause, for my part, I have tried both ways of farming, and I find that I can't afford to farm badly." Now, I don't think there is much doubt, as be. tween tho two, which was right. (Cheers.) W"Tell, gentlemen, looking at the general condition of agriculture in this country, it is impossible not to see that within the last few years a new era has begun. I made last year a short statement on that subject, showing the need and the room for agricultural improvement, which I think I may repeat here. That statement was to this effect-that of-im round numbers-77,M00,000 acres in the united kingdom, threefifths are already in cultivation, bad or good, as the case may be; one-fifth is not coultivable by its nature; and the other fifth mipght hb cultivated, but is not. That shows you tne possible extenslon of area withiR the limits of these islands. But it is not so much from the open- ig of new soil as from making the most and the best of that .b.ich is already opened (hear) that we have our return to expect. I have spoken of draining as it affects this county, and I would extend what I said to all England; and I venture confidently to affirm, that what has been done throughout the country in the way of draining is as yet a mere trifle to what wants doing. I have seen various calculations on that subject. They don't precisely agrse -stimates seldom do-but they nearly all agree in fhis, that there is room in the item of drainage alone for the profitable investment within the united kingdom of 100000,0001, sterling. Now, that seems a large sum; but if you recollect that statisticians have computed the yearly savns of our people-the yearly addition to the national capital-at 50,000,000l.; and if you recollect how, within the last 20 years. a sum of nearly 300,000,0001. has been invested in railways--that investment leaving, on the whole, the country not poorer but richer than it found il (hear, hear)-if you recollect these two facts, I think neither you nor I need trouble ourselves much with asldng where the money is to come from. But, after all, draining is not the only possible branch of unmrovesnent; there are two others, the one manure and the other machinery. Now, as tu marure, we have a great problem to solve. It is very well, no doubt, and it pays just now to bring it from the ends of the earth, to send for it from out-of-the-way islands in the Pacific or elsewhere; but thatis a resource on which you cannot calculate for ever. (Hear, hear.) That supply may be-probably must be-exhauasted one day; and then, though perhaps not til then, we shaU be driven to the resource to w.hich we ought to have applied long ago-I mean the saving of that natural rmanure which we waste. (Applause.) I saw it statedthe other day, on good authority, that we are paying every year-the British farmer is paying every yeara mllion and a half for artificial manures. Now, I don't say that that is money wasted; I don't believe it is, and I have no donbb the investment is profitable; but a great deal of that might be saved if Deople would only remember that in nature nothing is destroyed,-that there is no such thing as destrnction,-that what Comes from the earth returns to it again, and that aU that is necessary is to restore to the soil that which originally comes from the soil, and that which we throw away in the shape of the sewage of our great towns. (HIear, hear.) I know thbt there are great difficulties in the way-that there in a diffculty in deodorizing that soil, and in rendering it not offensive; and that there is a difficulty also in cocenta sgita est the solid part of it-into so smaU,d a d um as to oear and reward the ixpense of transport. I don't deny the existence Of these obstacles - I only say that, serious as they are, science has surmoun'ted obstacles far greater. I have heard a calculation, made by competent persons, that what we waste ir the sewage of the ThamesvaUey alone-that what we waste in polluting and poison- img the Thames, comes, in point of fact, to severa millions a-year-5,000,0001. is the sum named, every year. I cannot pretend to' ve you any estimate on that suec `t, but bdleve t0nsthat if the obeachles I have spoken of are once overcome-I wll say rather, when they they are overcome, anld when it becomes as much the regu- lar practice to save those atural manuresas itis now the practice to waste them, you wil save, a sum which will equal, probably, from one-half to two-thirds of the taxation 0 thecountry. -Now, understand me, la not saying that it is forlandlords or for farmers in this matter to takde the first step. They cannot lead, they must'be content to fol low; they must wait until chymical ECience has made that easy which at present is diicult, if not impassible. mIname the circumstance only as showing that, Satidfactom as agricultural prospeet.v Xay be now, ttEre is reason to think that they ma3y be more ao in a fewyre to come. (EIear, hear.) -The other braceh of agricultural im rovenent- of which I have to speak is inacbiney. I -now nothing more strikdngthan th a-i vances which have been rmade in this direction during the last 15 pSears. -In the thraihing-nachine, the sowingmachine, the xeaping-machine, snd other implements, even 5n the ploughs thatwe now use, you have a sample of what has been effected already, and a foretaste of what will be accomplished hereafter. I say a foretaste only, becaueloolingatthepatent-officeretisrosof this Iear, Isee that. since 1S50 no less than 35 patents have been taken out for an invention- of one kind .only-for the application of steam to ploughing. HRear, hear.) I-look, too, into the' very valuable report by Mr. Evelin Denison on the Paris' Erxbibition, and' see there that one firm-Clavton and. Shuttleworth, of incoln-havesold, since1852,J1,m9 steafn engines for agricultunral purposes, with an aggregate horsepower of nearly 9,000.: I look, . again, to the report of the last povncial meeting of the Boyal Agricultural Society of Enlandz held this year in Essex; anid there lam told that no Mebs taun 147 firms exhibited implements, and that the show of implements vas the lrgeet that had ever been known. These again,I think, areS gns of progre3inanother direction; but here, as in the case of manure, I samit that, in general the farmer has afair right to sa itis nothe who is ed on to try eiperiments. lt is, however, inthis' case very much the landlord's business and I know of noway in which a-man of large fortune, and with a disposition to render that fortune available for the public benefitcam better employ it than by large and liberal investments in' all such machinery as appears likely to promise success. (Hear, hear.) Now, gentlemen, with your permission,there is a subject on which I should like 'o say a dDgle word,. although, perhaps, it may not be in favour withi alhere. I mean that of which you have heard a good dealthat question whicb, perhaps, lou have heard in some degree misrepresented-that of agricultural statiscs. 'Tnere is a notion in many persons' minds tht either the Government or the landlord; or someSother party, is anxious t6 obtainfrom the farmerinfonration, as iekards his private concens, which there is no fair reason that he should be called upon to give. (Hear, hear.) Now, my answer to that is simply this-there is no other clas of men, there is no other occupation throughout thir c6ountry, with which the State does not already interaere in an equal degree, to tain what -it is doing. IEvery pound of cotton that comes into this country every bale of goods that goes out of -it; te age, the occupation, the employment of everyone prese;t in this I room, and everyone throughout this empire, are hminutely I registered and recorded for the pzblic .benefit. -Now, l donft stand up-I never shaRl stand up--for 'any mode of asking for returns that shall be minute, vexatious, or inqsitoril (applause)- but :I: do think that the farmer himself Will gain-and that he is reall' tfie narty interested in the first inatance-hy knowing a little ni~ore* about the E State of the markset. As the maatter stands he buys and selis almost in the dark.- Hle doee nsot -know, -with acy certainty-he takes it from the dealer-the- market value of what he sells He Vdoes not know what amount of stores there may be in the hands of other e.-sons; he does not nowwhat are the rezl wants of the buyer,2 he is in the hands of the dealer; and, notwithstanding the superior information which the dealers can obtain, and the large expense to which many go in endeavouring to obtain it, even their information is defective, and they are, I believe, very fregently misled. It is really a case of the blind leading the31imd, and Ionly wondertheydon'ttumblemuchoftener into the ditch. ButwhileI think- that some form of agricul. tura returns is desirable,I cordiallyagreed,whenthematter was discussed in the House of Commons, with those.who say that sucha returns should be as simuple and as little roublesome as possible. (Her, hear.) Now, one word abot what I mnay call gicultural education. I thinksome of us are apt to forget-the tine Passes on and events move so rapidly-that agriculture within the last few years has almost risen to the rank of a science. I don't undervalue that kind of knowledge which comes by actual practice - on the contrary, I believe it is the rost important, and'the most indispensable of alL Without it theory is worth very little; but st3ll there is a theory as well as a practice of farming, and the latter vwil not be the worse for a little intermixture with the former. Now, T was the other day in the west of England, and I was there very much pleased with the information I obtained about the agricultural collaee which they have lately set up at Cirecester. It -con. tans 60 or 70 esident pupils to be educated, and 700 acres of laud are maanaged by the college; on it the theorymay be tested, and there the practice of farming is carried on. Ais farmer's son, or any landlord's son either, may there obtain a sound aid good agricltural teaching at a price of not more than 401. yearly. That college is naot only selfosupporting, not only Bays its owin expeses, but is gradually parying off a debt anuorled by the cost of on. struction. And I think half'a-dozen such colleges scattered over England, in different parts, would give to the practice o3 wagricure, in its higher brauches, a stimulus and an en corgm ntof which the effects would be felt, not only ir this generation, but in the next. I say thron'houi England, but I miw,t say a great deal more, gor ] learn that, at the CLrencester tColege of c which on speak a considerable proportion of the inmates are aithet sons of coloists, or persons intending to sette ir the colonies, who are anxious beforeothey go toa remotem ragion, to caery with them a wknowlede of the latest and provements that have taken placethere. cHear, hear.) Now we have in this county as much capital, as dense a popt tion, as much ingenuity, and as much enteririse ans tohs anywhere siin geand; and was glad to see, inthe renort of this society last year, that your chairan on thsat occa sign recommended the estabishmentof suchcan insatitor in Lancashire. I don't know that my opinion is wortl much, but I give it for what it may be worth, and I do most cordially support that recommnendation. (Hear, hear.) It now only remains for me to repeat the sentiment with which 1 boegan and to ,ish success to this association. Wfe are not workng alone. There are in the nited kingdom nearly 400 societes of this kind, small and great, besides 115 farmers' clnbs. Success, I say, to4each and all od them; and let us alrensembsr that, in promoting the progresS of agricultural improvement, we are not merely developing the nationtal resources, we are not merely ligohtening the national burdens, we are nlot merely adding to the strength and powver of England, or in creasing the wealth of these who are wvealthy areavdy, bult wse are indireCtly engrag¢ed in one of the highest and noblest tasks which human enterprise can pro. pose to itself,-we are engaged in relieving the suffer. mgs and in elevating the condition of the laboung classese of this country. (Cheers.) And I dwell on that, becauseI confess that is a consideration which gives this whole sub. ject of agriculturalprogress an interest to my mind whicl otherwise it would not possess. The higher the farming becomnes, the more machinery you employ, the less needtherE will be for mere brute labour, and the more you will require skilful, cultivated intelligence. You will then have Ieae demand upon yourlabourers' museles, and a larger demand upon their brain, Cheers.) And now let me ask-you tc drink, with three times three, "Prosperity to the Royal North Lancashire Agricultural Association." (Loud eheers.) The toast was drunk with great enthausism Mr. W. J. GAR.NETT brielly responded. Sir JTR. :Y Se=MxvORTH then proposed "The Sue. cessful Competitors." He said it was impossible to attend meetngs of this kind, and to witness, as those present had done this day, the various kinds of industry which were brou4ght to bear upon the progress of agriculture in thiz country-in tLe mechanical arts, in the preparation ol manures, and in tho breeding of stocL-without feel ing that a great and successful effort was in pro. gress to meet the new eireumstaces in which the agriculture of Great Britain was placed. It was impossible to forget, and he thought itwould boeagreat n]nstice to the tenant-farmers of this countryif we did forget, that very recently they had been exposed very suddenly to 'niversal competition, and that sudden exposure to competition had occurre4 at a time likely to trthe energies of the whole country. What had been the peculiar Crcumstances in which the agriculture of Englad had been exposed totheeompetition of theworld? We knew what steam had done within this countrv itself to equalize its mark-ets. We knew that the corn of Lincolnahire and of the west 'was brought with the greatest possible rapidity and the utmost cheapness to the markets of the manufacturing dis. tricts. Bnt vie also knew that the corn which was grown uponthevirgin soil of the forests of America, and the unexhausted treasures of the inexhaustible seil of Ilungary, and the produce of the alluvial deposits of the Boug, the Dnieper, and the perpetually renewed alluvial soil of the N'le-all thiswas likewisebroughttothemarkets ofEngland to compete with our own produee. Instead of being dis. heartened, however, with the position in which they had been placed, neither the Qroprietors nor the tenant-farmers of England had given way in any respect to despair. They had put forth manly and vigorous efforts, and, while the science of agriculture had probably made a greater advance in the last 15 or 20 years than it had done in nany centuries previous, he gave expression to his earnest conviction when he said thatspeaking either of the proprietors or the tenant-farmers-no class of the community had put forth niore energetic exertions than the agricultiral class during the last ten yes. (Hear, hear.) Those exertions were, he thought, in the way to be successful, It was impossible to enter a show-yard 11e that -which had been open that day, even under the very unfavourable circumstances as to weather, without seeing what improvements had been effected. He was not present at the tril of reaping machines on the previous day, but he had been informed of its successu result, and it Was opportune now to consider for a moment what was the importance of success in that invention. A fortnight ago ho was in the Vale of Evesham and in Glocestershmire with one of the ablest agricultuiss of that district, lii. Holland, of IJulverton, who was patron of the college at Cirencaster. to which Lord Stanley had adverted. That gentlemanhimiselffarmedl,O00acres,andlir erpressionconcerninghisowncrps was "over ripe," and he said he would put 50 reapers into the fields the folloyn morning. He remurked that the corn was turning into crau under the husk, and a rery large quantity, if the wind came, would be given out. And that he (Sir J. E. Shuttleworth) believed had since then been really the case with the greater part of the Vale of Evesham and the Vale of Glcester. He had heard it estimated that, in consequence of the sudden storm which had burst over the counrmy, we had lost a million of m3oney. Now, the remedy against such calamities was miost obviouily to be foundin mechanical invention. These 'resping mchineS would in the first place upply that lack of labour which in the improved circuinances of Ireland, and in the very great employment of the labourers of the country upoa ailwaysand inm anufactures,thefarmersswere now experiening. He wae very glad to se from recent reports that in some parts of Ireland labourers. wae getting 3s. 6d. a-day-an unparaleleld circumstatce in that country; and throughout Englanc there was the greatest didi. culty in etbng rrvet ' 'andas It was impossible therefore, tt crops oould be effectively reaped withou,t the aid of these machines. Hear.) Andarecurring to the sabjct of competition, it would bo observed that the: FrenchI were nov, under the guidance ot their Em peror, who hd wit. neised thop,roes o,f invention4 of me,chaniml sciene, and ofcXia teO esto o > ulture ia 13ngland taig their first steps mn the i^pplication of me2i inventions to husbaadry,,.d also mn the i,mprovemen,t of breeds of stock, andim the application of cliymieal. 'ience I to atricultuein Frane. They were competitors 'with :#, I Britmhfrmera to avery great extent, though they la n aoti been so mnucha, asa -Uii soils lisd ompetel with t country. Wha-t . coQItrt nas there, however, betwoc the condition of France, as respects m enical nventiona, and that of this country. hbout nine y-e!x -Ago he travelled through the whole of Franoe in the begi. ing of the monthof-July. nspusedh i hugli Etnbhe of the country, from the P yeSe by Toulos, I Paris, and thenoe to England, and he then obseer b the operations of xespng 'the rops ia Trance wiere of s most primitive description. He perceived in every fAil that tEe crop was thrhed oni a floor 'which made for t p teoground, sad insd of bei,g 41n. zLovd tysny }wirt;becorn watron nto: the air, by wooden shoveli and exposed to {he action of the wind R which it that season sweeps across Facetowadsthe Pye. nlees. And, niot to spea o CQ such impl1ements as clod-crushers,. and others that 'were so -well kn¢ow hewe, ill tne mesa of cultivation, and of- getting in the harvests in Frnce,.' as cuts even wereinfth ue ditio. *Te carwe there made almo3t impromptu, by a coupleof trees beinjeut down for the p e, and roughly set nponwheels Snch a thsgaas sn- nglish ¢ vcartwas not to be seen from one end ot rance to tIre ohler; consequently the neans of conveying the barvests from the fields to the neaest towns -were wanting. But we must not rgue rfoom the present state of agriculture in France "a-to its future condition. The Trench were as enterprieing a nation as we ourselves were nd he had no doubt that in a slort time ' considerable arber of nacbines,ihe best oa the- Ens 3nanufacture, would be introducedinto Fnoe. Andit w impossible not to foresee new struggles for the agriculture of-this country, by the introduction fromn the whole of the east of Europe and from southern Russiaof vastsupplen of corn which - the very sUcceES -f our armns oulbring into our market; ( Passing from-the reaping machines exhibited -yesterday, and entering the show-field . of to-day, the next Amost mechanical invention -which . offered . itself to consideration was one. which was.intimately conneted also with chymicd science, by -which alone we could hope for the further progress of agriculture. He. alluded to the drainage of the sol. - ho considered that tho whole -of the variOuS mean3 for the drainage of {he Foil o,f Englan w ere as beautiful a contribution of scienoe to the agrieulture of this country as any other gift that science ia rnade. The machines for the manufacture of pipetiles, the introduction of the pipetile itself; and all the mneans which the department of necbanics had furnished for the complete pulverization of the soil, and. which were absolutely essenti as. the first step in the improvement of agriculture, were. all parts of the contribut5on of the inventive arts and of scence. BuLt he believed that sufEcient stress was not being laid by tie most observant of chymsist, and.even the .most practica of agriciuturists, upon the importnce of the deep pulverization of the soiL Iaebig stated, as did all the more recent chyinists, that this Ws the mazin sourze of improvement in-the soil; and w.y it they explained arU the olT modes of agicuiltura improvement, As also almost all modern means, except such as wero of a purely chymical character. The deep pulverz tion of the soil was attended by this consequence c hymist had discovered that when tbe surface of bodies was exceedingly etended b.y a minute commninution of their particles -apiece of beech-woo, for examiple, could be reduced to , state of carcoal, and a squAre inch of surface had in it thbat of 100 square inches of surface in the condition of charcoal -the square inch of beech wood would condense g:;es in its substance to 80 times its volumce of muriatic acid gs, for instance and there was another substance whieh could absorb 800 times its volume-sponge platina. The effect oE this was to absorb and intensify the aetion of the attmos. phere upon the soiL Here was secience to confirx the dailv experience of agticulture-that a minute and deep puserization of the soil had the most important effect upon its character. It explained the whole system of fahlois, the wnvEole system of the rotation of crops; for iu this way tho whole action of theatrnosphereupon the soil-was so deeply intensified thatsoils. which were made fallow altered their- ch,ymical character. And the rotation of crops was buta different kind of fallow for a crop was put in which did not exhaust the soil insea of those which had exhausted it ; and in this, way, by the action of the - air-which, after all, was the great pabulum of. plants-upon the soil, -were obtainea those mineral consituents which had become deficient. He desired to justify, by these remarks, the entieme importance of science in explanation even of the experience of giculture. Happily, the two never contradicted each other; the experience of ees -was simrdyinterpreted by philosophy. So it was wvith drainage. 1tiechanical inventionLs which assisted drainagge, anLd the deep pulerimation of soll in comrLinuting its particles into the minutes atoms,-alltheseecaine to conf¢rmthe e.xperience of time: past in reference to alluvial deposits. Whenever there was a district which local experience had shown to be. nratual and deeply rich in soil, gaining from the atmosphere much agricultural wealth, a soil naturally pulverable, it woud be found to arise there from the deposit of leaves of tho: forest, or the deposit of light mud from the -river, or from the lake, or something like our great morasses, which was a great reservoir, not merelyfor vegetable constitueuts, but . also a great reservoir for the constituents of the atmosphere, which had been able to act upon that soil for ages. Turning now to the depatment of machines, he was very glad tox hear from the secretary that the reaping machine -which had gained the prize on the previous day, being the original invention of a machinist, had been greatly improved by a tenant-farmer, MLr, Bircbh,. one of the tenants on Lord Sefton's estate, a gentleman, heunderstood, of great intelligence and great skill in his departnent. He thought he Perceived, throuchoutt the whole of the progress of agricntmr, that the inventions of the machinists had constantly to pass through the practical mind of the tenant-farmer, and they thus constantly recdved some new impulse and increment of benefit from theoperation. (Hear, ear.) He thought there bad been greatprogress made by the efforts of the tenant-farmers -and proprietorsof this coanrly, under the difficult eircumstancesin which they were placed by the chage in our legislation some time ago. Alusion ha beenade to the gt number of portable stean-eungines in use. It was impossible to enter such. a county as Norfolk or lAncoishire, and see thDB great contrast whicelitpresented to continental aiculture, without at onceperceivang the vast strides that this country had made in the applicationof mechanical inventionsin tho progress of agriculture. Al the farms in orfolkeibited chimneys, and so they did in Lincolnshire. He remembered being told by Lord Yarborough that there was a period in Lincolnahire when all that sandy portion of the upperpart of the county which was now one waving fiela o! corn was nothing but a wAste-a rabbit vwarren; and that there was erected at one end of it, nariest to Lritcoln, avery high tower, as a beacon to the traveller to guide bios across tis w.aste at night, and also in the day-time, for there werescarcely any roaJds upon it. All that tract of country waLs nov a great triumph of English agriculture. - And heremembered also being told by Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, that when Mdme Do Stael had visited his uncle at HIolkhara, she related to her friends that she had found two rabbits there, quarreling for twro blades of ,rass. But nowF. from :Holkham to Lynn, and Hoham to Norwich, that district was one wide waving corn-field. That very circamstance of the sandy charcter of the soil, whic afforded one of the greatest obstructions to agriculture, had been one of the great causes of success of late years. (Hear, hear.) He was very mnch concerned to observe, rspectingone of themost excellent friends of agriculture, thelate Mr. Pusey-and it was a sore point with the chymists that be, whowas so great an authority, and especiailly with thetenant-farmers, should have said so-that he saWd chymistry bad made no contributions to EnBlish aziculture, except the application of sulphuric acd tto dissolve the fihosphate of lime in bone; and Sir RobertKames's application of the water derived from fax manufacture as manure. If he (Sir-J. S. Shuttleworth) wanted to iliustrate the enterprise of agriculturein this country, hewould choose no other point th.4n this,-the confidencewith which chymists had taught tht guano was an import-antmeans of increaLsing the fertility of the soil, and providin. food for plants, the enterprise which had been put forthi in this direction in consequence, and *he number of ships that had been freighted to bring ,quano from t.hu -ttermoet ends of the earth. Me ie}-eved it was the fact that in the last three years, accordig to thereport of lMr. Evelyn Denison, 1,000,000 acres had been drained in this country, and about U0,0001. exnded in the operation; but it was also stated, and hethoughtthe computation quite within the mar-, that the tenant. farmers of England had expended n that same period no less than 5,000,0001. on guano alone. (Hear hear.) That was a direct contribution from chymistry to t agriculture of this country. (Applause Before concluding, )e desred to express the pleasure with wbich he had heard that There: had 'een a great improvement manifested in theshow of to-day in the stock exhibited by the tenant-farmers; and he: was er. gi toseethat, notwithstandiw' the circumstaiiO oE te h quiityof Mr. Toweley's stock: so mEny tenant - farmers had obtained prizes on this occasion. (Loud cheer.) The toas was responded to by Colonel ToWSLE, and a successiont of eomplimenLarytoassconclnldedtheprocO4nlig.
LOnD Bnnrx-The elev3ation of the HightJ±on. B. Stratt to the peerage hLs giventhegreatest satisfaction to> the inhabitants of Derby, but more pticULarly to the members of the Derby Mechanics Institution, of ,ihich his lordship isth eresideut. On Thursday a deputronrfro that boy i upon Lord Belper at Kingston-halL. when they presented him with an address of congrmtulaion on the honour conferrdupon him by the Crown. His Lord. ship acimowledged most warmly the coapliment which had bee paid himn, and assured the deputation of the con. tinued interest which he took in the furtherance and objects ofthe institution, and of his wiingness to continue his connesion with it. lfter some conversr,tion t tes circumstincesof the nsietution th the different enemhres of the deputation, his wship tool them through }js magnificent grounds andmansionmand, having partawenof an legsut 7lunacheon. tSe depuation retrned to Derby. Mvnna oF .& SOnIThA.r DVE.-Yesterday Mr G. A. Thomapson, coronerfor D)over, and ajury, inquired mt,> the ciremstuces connectedwith the death of Lancee-corporal Burnie, of the 49th Regiment, who as shot on WVednesday uorning oy Private Thomas )fansol, of the same rqiment. Evidence was given, detailing the circumntAnes of the murder, as Elready lublishedin -ne Ra,nssn a sstantSurgeon sannan, or the 49th Regiment, described thenatue of the-wound recoived by the deceased which caused his deh. The jury, without s moment's consideration, returned s6 verdict of 'wilful murder against Manse]], and the eorener made out hiswant for commitment to pri£on. TheMayor and the Boro-agh Justices also concluded their imquiZew into the circumstances of the murder, and omnmitted the prisoner Mnsell for trial At the next aesies for Kent. THn BOm:RR t ExPIoswo_n r-lt BU:Y.-The inquest by Mr. Dearden, one of the coronera of Lancaalire, on tho bodies cf nine persons, Idlled by a boiler esploeon a the bleach and dye works of Messrs. Wa.rburton and Holker, near Biny, ws resumed yesterday, at the Albion Hotel, Bury. Mr. Grandy, atorney,_ in str3cted by Mr. Holker, barrisbr, apeared onbalf of Messrs. Warburton anid Co. to w£ath the e,. Evidenee was tken with referenc to the originul consrtc. tion and the state of the boilerat the timie o(the exPledons Mr. Benjamin Warbu-ton,e of the partners of the jAm, andXr. JasnePaake, %member cf theim, by wban tbe boiler was made, was examined. The a&hr pnYtlema believd the accideit to be caeied by exta=&a eorrosion of the plates which had occured to an ex ttthat surprised hui. ,It.ne ingbet brreepor t
