DEATHS. On the 2lsli Jure atAilahabaA, Caroline, and on the 26th lune Henry. infaut children of Colonel Fna of the Bengal army. On thel2thls.-, atTorquay, Mr.WVlilianWebx , of the Seven Stars Beote, Totule, aged 75 years. On the 14th imes., In ling-squte, Bristol, tous Anna rIa reict of Edarcd ItHuapage. Esq., late of Strond, Gloce6tershire. On the 14th in;t.. after many years of deep suffering. in her 56th year, Elizabeth, wife of gr. John M5ilbaau- of Ormond-place, Old Kent-road_ On the teth inst., at LIandudno, aged 3-, Jolro6n Bourne, Fsq., Captain in 1st Derby MlitIa, and late Captain in .ltZLs 41stItegiment of Foot On the 15th inst., at Camberwell-grove, John Bashleigh Stackhouse. Bcsq.. aged 3L On the 15th inst. suddenly. of a raeptre of a bloodessel in the longs. Mr. Henry Jobn Thirtle. of 7, Lawrence-lane, Cheapside, and ed66et son of Mr. W-iliam Thirtle, of Islington, in the 26th year of his age. On Taczd3y. the 15th inst., at his residence, in Upper Grosvenorstreet, Lient-Col. Thomas Altock, formerly of the 1L14I. Companya Service, in the 94th year of his age, On the 16th inst., at Leighton Buzzard, from the effects of an sod. dent on the 7th inst., John Richards, Fsq., F.SA., of 20, Charterhonse-square, aged 49. On the 16th lnst., ronm consmnption. aged 23, Edward, youngest son of Mr. William Ash, 27, Albemarle-street, PiccadiDy. On the l6th inst.. at 6. Rancaster-place. Richmond, iss 1Hanmnh Penn, great granddaughter of the celebrated William Penn. On the 16th inst., Charles John Lincoln, eldest son of Chas. Gandar, late of Hercnles-buildings, Lambesh. after a protracted illnes, borne with exemplasy patience and calmness, perfectly resigned to te Oillfo God, aged 19 years and 4 months. On the 17th inst.. at the house of her son-in-law. No. 4, Park-road, Dalaton, Sarah Holmes, aged 77, relct of the late George Holmes, of CAmbridge-heath. Elackney. On the 17th inst, aged 76, Edward Stoneham, Esq., of Crayford, Rent. On the 17th inst. at Mlargate, Mary touisa, the eldest child of Charles Henryand 3anny Law, of West Drayton, near Uxbridge, aged 8 years and 11 months. On Friday, the 11th inst., at Harley-place, Bow-road, Catherine, widow of Mr. George WiiliaeSkeen, in the 77th year of her age.
From the LORDON (AZE.T.E ot Friday, Jv2m 1Sf 1vYtflvTe4 - -Yr -The Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint Francis Stevens, EsI, now Bxitish Vice-Consul at Trebizonde, to be Her Majesty s Consul at Trebizonde. JULY 8 The Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint Her. man Lorentz, Esq., to be Her Majesty's Consul at Wibozg. J1JLY 16, The Queen has been pleased to appoint General the Earl of Wlestm.orland, G.C.B., to bear Efer Majesty's congratulation s to the King of the Belgians on the 25th anniversary of his accession to the throne of Belgin o . The Queen has been pleased to a pove of Mr. Casimir Iouis Alfred Bruant as Consul at Edinburgh, and of Mr. .Jules Joseph Fl1eury as Consul (at Liverpool, for His Majesty the Emperor of the Erench. DOWNIG-STREET, JuLy 15. The Queen has been pleased to erect the district of Natal, in South Africa, mto a separate colony, to be caUed "The Colony of Natal," and to appoint John Scott, Esq., ta be Lieutenant-Governor of the said colony. JULY 16. The Queen has been pleased to appoint Edward Kenny, Esq., to be the senior member of the e islative Council of the provinco of Nova Scotia ; George Webbe Daniell, Esq., to ben a meember of the Council of the island of Nevis; and Richard Pine, Esq., to be Queen's Advocate and Police Magistrate for Her Majesty's settlements in the River Ganbia. BURIAL OF THE DEAD. By an order of Council, dated June 24 last, Her Majesty has been pleased to direct that the time for the discontinuance of burials mentioned in previous orders of Couneil in the places set forth in the order of June 24 shaU be postponed until the dates in that order specified. COMMISSIONS Signed bythe LoPD-Lrmxrr s,ar of the County of RADS;oB. Thomas Villieas lister, Esq., to be Deputy-Lientenant. Arthur Walsh, Esq., to be Deputy-Lieutenant. By the LoRiD-Luxzrx.ws?rof the County of GL,TatoRGA-. Lewis Llewelyn Dilwyn, Fsq., 1q.P, to be Deputy-Lieutenant, By the LoiR-Lnmnca?t-r of the County Oi MIaDDLtxX. Uxbnrdge Yeomanry Cavalry.-Williamu Capel Clarke Thormhill, Isq., late Captain 23d Rtoyal Welsh Fusileers, to be Lieut.. vice Ham..acrailey, resigned. By the LoyJDL-TazTAs,-'r of the County of DvoE0. let Devou Regiment ot 2,litta.-c aor Francis Fdward Drewl, late 23d Foot, to be Lieut.-Col. Ccramandant,vice Hon. John WiDian Fortescue, resged. Sd D)evon Beeinwnt of hliitia.-Anugstus Willoughby iBodd in be Licut. vice Brisgg, .appointed to stith Eegt.; aenry Swvete Archer to be Lient,, vice HLodykinson, appointed to 72d Highlsoders. By the LortB-]iL=rsurm r ef the City andt County of the City of Era-SUatOII aud Llberties thereof. City of Edinburgh Btegirent of Artillery bilitia.-George toland. n., gent., to be Second-Lient.. vice Aleoxander Taft. promoted. PARTNERSIPS DISSOLVED. M. Waddington and J. Taylor. Heywood, Lancaster, oottonspliners.-st. Vhitehouseaudi!. Humstone, Tipten, ir ounrdere.- Joacs, Itoberts, and C0.. Liverpool, timber mneschaues.-WV. Brad burn and P. H, Richards, Shiffoall, timber rerchants.-W. B. Tomlitl50n. T.Stirhardson and C. Reeve. Chapet-stteet. Edgeware-road pavrnhrokers.-Cnits sandDruc, South-square. Gray'e-inn, attorneys. -A. C. Mforrison andtV. Baker. ltincstou-olpon-Hlltl. patent Arabian horse feed mauufacturcos.-Mortey. Alexander. and Co.. Barnoley, stay anaaufactus-ers; .as far as regards w. if orley.-. Avery and J. Ca2ter. 'huring-cross, tailors.-S. and T. Ashtou. MNanchester and elsewvhere, manufactnrs.-W. E. Wiley and Co., Birmingham, gold pen mauufactures--W. Boutell ad C. S. Poole, Great Tower-street. shipbrokers.-E. aud F. Biddle. Birmingham, wiredrawers. -_ harpe and Son., Lower Thamesstreet, orange merchants.-T. and D. Barrett, Stcpney-,-ate. Commercial-road, teadealers.-,. and S. Joseph, iyers, and Co., Leadenball-street, merchants; as far as regards A. Joseph.- B. Crowther and Sons, Huddersfield, woollen cloth dressers.- 3i'Mahe sad Postlethwaite, LiverpooL packing case manufacturers. -W. sad J. Smith, Durham. drapers.-J. Rushton and T. W. PiUling, Salford,i screw bolt manufactme.-Elobday, Sewanwick. and Smith, Maaochester.-Earobar sad CLiffe. Almnondbmry, machine makers.- Wakeham sad Son, Plymouth, hourepsintecs.-Randle and Mloss. Coventry, milliners.- Walton, Viney, and (lo., London, Walton, Bushel], sad Co., Cope Town. and Constable, BusheD, anid Co., or It. Walton sad Co., Sydaey.-T. Brown sad Co., Great Guildford-street. lSouthw.-k-, brass fenaders.-Berui and ellfDiard, Appieton-place, Walworth, saud eLsewhere, bat manufacturers. DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDENDS. W: James, Nayland, Suffolk, builder-east div. of 6s. on Wedlnesday next and two subsequent Wednesdays, at Mlr. Edwards's, Siambrook-court, Basinghall-street W. J. Waler, Herbert-street. New North-road. printseller-firstdir. of 2s.9d. on Wednesday next and two subsequent Wednesdays, at.Mr. Edwards',, Sambrook-court, Basingball-street. R Gll asd H. Ede, St. Thomas byLaunceston. Cornwall, builders -first. div. of sa. any Tuesday or Friday. at Mr. ltirtzels, }.etor. W. Ball, Totnes, mUler-first div. of Ifis. on the separate estate on any Tuesday or Friday, at Mr. Rirtzel's, Exeter, IL Maugford, Torquay, taRor-first div. of Is. lld., any Tuesday or Friday. at mr. Hirtzel's. Exeter. B. Vickers, Newtou BushelL wine merehant-furtther dim. of 3!<L., any Tnesday or Friday. at 3Mr. Hirtel's, Exeter. B. V. Boering. Sydling St. Nichola, Dorset, miller-fust div. of aK. Id., any Tuesday or Friday, at Mr. Hirtze's, Ereter. 2. A. Passmore, Exeter, umbrella manufacturer-first div. of 3<L. any Tuesday or Friday, at Mir. Hirtzel's. Exeter. W. EL Mfiners. Plymouth. grocer-further div. of Sld,, any Tuesday or Fniday, at 31r. Hirtzers. Z-eter. S. T. Sloggett, Devouport, lineidraper-first div. of is. 5d., any Tuesday orPriday, at MIr. Hirtzel's, Exeter. H. Covie. LiverpooL sbipbroker- second div. of 4,d., any Monday, at Mr. Bird's. Live.pool, C. J. W. Morris Bilston, draper-first div. of 4s. Md,, on Friday next or any following Friday, atMr. hitmore's, Birmin-hamo. I S. Wilkes. Birminghi-n, clockdial maker-first dir. of Is. fild., any Thmas,ly.n at r. Christie's, Birmingham. BANKRUPTCY ANZ 1ULLED. Thomas Small Pack, Hushands Bosnorth, Leice-ter, grocer. BA:nKUPTS. Henry Grant. Soutbampton, licensed victualler, to surrender July 31, at 11 o'clock. Aug. 29, atl, a tthe Banukrupte' Court: sollitos, Mtr. West, Charlotte-row, Mansion-house. and Mr. Lomer, Southampton official aesgiuec, 3r. Whitmore, Basinghall-street. William rYcod, llderagate.street, commission agent. July 31, at 2 o'clock, Aug. 29. at 11 at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Messrs. Hancock and Sharp, Tokenhouse-yard ; official aslggee, Mr. Cannanu Aldeinrnnibury. William G3skin, Croydon. builder, July 29, at half-past 1 o'clock, Aug. 2. at half-past 11. at the Baukrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr. PeddeL, C euspsde . official assignee, Mr. Graham. George Angusins Hamldton Cilcbester. York-bulldings. Adelphi, co-mmissmon ageut. July 29th. at half-past 1 o'clock. Aug. 27, at halfpastll, atthe Bankrupts'Court: solicitor,Mr.Chidley,Gresham-street; official asscuee, Mr. Stansfeld. Simeon Partridge, Dartaston, lates manufacturer, July 31, at 1I o'clock, Aug. 21, at half-past II, at the Birmingham District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors. Tessra Mottesam and Knight, Birmingharm ofidcial aesignee, Mr. Christie, Birmingham. Wiihiamu Wheeler. Broadway. near Evesham. condealer. Aug. I sand , at h&ll-past It o'dock, at the Birmingham District Court of Bankruptcy; solicitors, MIessrs E and H, WVright, Birmingham; offlcial assigne&, Mr. Bittleston. Birmingham. .John Crutch. Okehanopton, farm4er, July 31, Aug. 20, at I o'clock. at the E;.xeter District Court of Bankruptcy; soicitor, 1Mr. Burd, O.kehampton, and Mfr. TerreLL. Exeter; offlcial assignee, blr. Elirtzel, Exetetr. DIV'DENDS. Aug. S, D. Cotter and T. J. Hunter. Regent-street, Westminster taitors.-Aug. E . F. Ellis, lace of llendon, and Et.osal Exehangebuitldia-", ocockbrokcr.-Aug. S. Hf. C. Broer'. E:ast India Chambers, I,eadencall-strcet, metal merehant.-Aug. 14, W9. Ba3ndaL. Manchbester' calico printer.-Ang. 8. J. Robinson, Hfexharm. currler.-Aug. 8, J. and W.Walker, Birkenhead. joiners, and S rton. quarryemen.-Aug& E1. 2'.L Jes, Liverpool, onbitter.-Aug. 9. E. Mtilner, Doncsseter, tter. -Ang. 8, C. Lumley. E;nsresberougls, gardener. CERTIFICATES to be granted, unless cause be shown to the con- trary, on the day of meeting. Aug. 25. J. Wfright, Bristol, cheese factor.-Aug. I5. J1. Thomupson, Bishsopv esrmouth, iohner.-Aug. 20. H. Fisher. Exeter, builder.-Any. 11, A. Buchanan, Plymouth, baker.-Auz. 8, J. Davenport, MIacclesfield, watchmaker.-Aug. 9. Hf. Sykes, raheffield. anvil manufacturer.- Any. 9, T. Fearnehough, Dre, Derbyshir, sithe manufacturer.- Any. 9, Hf. Livecridge, Eckington. Derbyshire. rsurgeon. SCOTCH SEQUESTPATIONS. T. Foord, Airth. Stirling, grain dealer, July 29, at I o'clock, at the Red Lion Hotel, Fallirk. E. Aitchison, Hawvick, draper, July 28, at II. at the Tower Inn, Hawick. J. J. Bell, Glasgow, warehonseman, July 29, at 12, at the Crow Hotel, Glssgow. A..'3urns, Faikirk, jeweller, July 29. at 12, at the Crowvn Hotel, Falkirk. THE CORN AVERAGE (n,,n,-'.~ WostSv Aveesmssrirmcei.P In hehn -endr,sd J,llv 12 -1 iR._ The AVerago Prlceof Brown orMuscoyado Sugar. romputed from the retuens made in the week ending the 1-5th of July, exclusive of Cuatoms' duties paid or payable thereon on tho importation thereof into Grert. Britin. e,d. From theErltlshpovesfons in America .. 32 0 per wti. From the 3iauritius.. , , . .. 33 3g From the East Indi.a .33 7 T:he average price of teh three foregoing de- rptbons ofsugar. jomutly computed asa'oove and etriusiveof duty, is.. .. .. .. 32 5i By aulthority OX ParIamena, BEaY B IC.~su. Clerk o£ the Grocera' Company. GroCesa'-bal July 18.
NAVAL PRIZE-MOIVBY. NOTiCE OF I?.TrNDED DIsTP.nDTIo:T OF NAVAL SALVA,GE MoNEY. Department of the Accountant-General of the Navv, Admiralty, Somerset-house, July 17. Notice is hereby given to the offlcers, seamen, and marines, nnd to al persons interested therein, that the distribution of pzoceeds arising from salvage services rendered to the WVashigton by Her Majesty's ship Star, between the 18th and 21st of September, 1854, will commence on Thursday, the 31st of July, 1856, in the Prize Branc of the Depa-tmaent of the "Accountant-General of the Navy, Admiralty, Somerset-house." The following are the shares due to an individual in the a,crel r,l,v-
LIVEPJPOOL COTTOY-M3ARKET. VT-,vI ales,-Thia week, 15,090; *total. tSis year, 1,671,720; same period in ported-Thia week. 109,856: total this yesr, 1,663,622; same period in 1SS5, 1,414,199;* total irnportedl in 1859. 2,143,301. Exporteit-This yrar,0Os,319; oame period in 1855, 9S,974. Computed Stocca,-Thia day, 781,220: same period in 1855, 611,660. laken for Consumption.-This year, 1,201,400; same period in 1855, Bales. Taken on speculation this year * .45,840 Same in 8a5 . . 636.243 Stock in Lverpool, December 81, .. .. .. 428,810 Same in 184 .. .51,.0 Increase of import this year. compared viith the samo datelastyear .. .. .. .. 249.423 Increase of export . 63D45 Increase of stock . 149,560 Decrease oS quantity taken for consumption 27,900 Buers of cotton have this week pursued a very cautions courae, and the sale daily made have been email in amount, the market having a dull and inanimate appearance;* but w;hile a coed on pply has been offering there has been little pressure to sell, and the prires ruling for the current qualities of American hardly exhibit anychnange from last week. For iSea Solands the demand lias been only modterate, sad pricesaarcnuchanged. Egyptians have been but little inquired for, ntathey pace otiawe iri ns ,aluzrcne.A faitr amo°unt of ktrtansactions has ferent!y muppAlied with Suass, and full prices are obtained. 1,610 American 40 Bahia. and 490 Surat are reported on speculation; and 214i0 American, 20 EgyPtian, 300 Pernam, 1,150 Baila, and 1,610 To-daywehve a fair demand anda steady market, though weL. ouppled at corrent rates: the sales are 8.000 bales, chiefly to the tradel
E=BwZZLF y BY A BANK MANAGEn.-The late manager of the Tewkesbury branch of the Glocestershire Rank, Mr. Theodore Evans, has been apprehended by the Glocestershire police on a charge of embezzlement of moneys of the bank to the amount of upwards of 3,0001. The case was partially gone into before the Mayor and magistrates at Tewkesbury on Wednesday last, when the prosecution was conducted by Mr. Huddleston, barrister. According to the statement of the learned counsel it would appear that the charge against the accused is that he advanced to several persons sums of money amounting to between 3,7001. and 1,80., which sums were not entered in the banldng hools, and that he had also made alterations in the hoolks of t1 hanL- affecting thne balances of persOns eeping accountb There. There was also adeficiency of some 1,buOI which was nr.t accounted fcr. The case was not complete, and further fuvestigatien was postponed for a fortnight. Bail was given, Mr. EL 8rown, 3LP., beingone of the baiL
MONZAY-MHRRRI and CITYINT=LLIGBNOB. The English ~~~~Friday Evening. The ECnglish foirld remain without material varia- taon. Consols for money opened this morning at the closing price of yesterday-namely, 956 to i, and experienced no change, except a momentary decline to 95i. For the 7th of August the last transactions rere at 9bu to hr Bank Stock left off at 216 to 2t7h preduced, t 5.; New Three per Cents., 9ft ; Anentites, 30 years, 14; Indta Stocad, 233 to 236; India-bonds, 21s. to 24s. premniu; Exchequer- eonds, 100f to ny; and Exchequer-bils, 19a. to 23s. premuum. Foreign secluities have not experienced material alteration, but there was rather less firmness in the later hours. The transactions generally were unimportant. Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, were neg,otiated at 104o , u , and 104; and the Small at 103C. In the Four per Cents. Guaranteed the bargains were at 106t, Mexican Three per Cents., for money, 23; for the account, 23 and 23e Perufvian Three per Cents., for the account, 57Xe; Portugucse Four per Cents., for the account, 49; ditto, ex. oil overdue coupons, 45X; Russian Five per Cents., 11 2k; Sardinian Five per Cents., for the account, 94i and i~; Spaniish Three per Cents., for the account, 44Q, 43w, and 44-; the New Deferred, for money, 23; for the account, 23k; Venezuela, for account, 31; Dutch Four per CDent. Certificates, 97X; and Peruvian Dollar Bonds, 61. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon there was no alteration. The corn-market was again very firm this morning at the rates of Monday. The report of the Liverpool cotto u-market for the week shows a steady business without alteration in prices. The final prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 711 for money. and 71f. 5c. for the end of the month, showingio alteration. VTINe specie- brought to-day by the West India steamer Tyne is 209,0001., of 'which nearly 130,0001. consists of gold. The Thomas and Ann Cole has arrived from Melbourne with 2,000 ounces of gold, valued at S,0001. The Kent had reached Port Phillip on the 27th of April, making the passage from Plymouth in 71 days. The fortnightly remittance of specie to India and China, to be made to-morrowf, wrill on this occasion be smaller than for some time past. The amount, it is said, w ill not exceed 350,0001. The suspension w as announced to-day of Messrs. Marzetti and Sons, merchants and ship insurance agents. The amount of liabilities is not ascertained. The house has always borne an excellent character, and it is hoped that the aesets will prove coisiderable. The prospectus has been issued of the London and West of Ireland Fishing and Fish Yanure Coinpany, with a capital of 60,0001. in 101. shares. The objects are to introduce the advantage of employing steamvessels as carriers from the fishing-grounds to the railways, and to manufacture fish manure from the refuse supplies. The fleet is to consist of two screw steam carriers of 150 tons each, and 12 welled vessels of from 50 to 90 tons. The advices from Guatemala by the West India steamer state that President Carrera was to march on the 15th of June with 2,000 ieen to attack WValker in Nicasugua; but it was doubted if he would nersevere. An arrangement of the debt is mentioned as having been concluded with the Commissioner of the London Bondholders, fixing its amount at 100,0001., on which 5 per cent., secured by Customs duties, is to be paid, 2,5001. for the first six months' dividend being remitted by the present packet. The followving on the subjec' of the Guatemala debt is from the Committee of Spanish American Bondholders:- " The Committee of Spanish American Bondholders have received by this morning's West India packet a letter from Mr. Lawvrence, their special commissioner for Central America, dated Guatemala, May 30, 1S56, informing them that he had concluded an agreement with the Guatemala Govemment for the adjustment of their foreign debt, of wlhich the following is a translation-viz.:- " ' JoseNnjera, Mfinister of Finance of the Republic of Guatemala, and John Lawrence, of London, Coummissioner of the Spanish American Bondolders, have this day areed to >he following articles for the definite arrangement and. aymerlnt O the portion of the loan to Central merica, and a pertaining to the Republic of Guatemala, includimn the interest thereon.d4 "' Art. 1. The Government of Guatemala recognlizes as a debt of the epublic, in conformity w ith the decree of the 23d of December, 1S51, the one-third part of ie 3,299d t sterling, bean the value of the bonds of the loan made by English merchiants to the Federal Gover,ment in 1824, which one-third part amounts to o4,4giz. sterlinG. "'e2. Tiihe interest upon this sum from the let of Fehruary, 1S2S, to the 31st of Jranuary, 1856, is reduced by this arrangement to 45,567o. sterling, and is recognized equally as a debt of the Repablic. I3. The l00,0001. sterling to which the above-mentioned snms amount is the debt recognized by the Governmeat, which will hereafter form a sole capital, bearing interest at the rate of 5 per cent, per annm.n The G:overn- oent will cause honda to he issued for the shove-mentioned sum, which shall be denominated Bonds of the British Conr soidater Debt of Guatemala. "' 4. The person authorized by the Government of Gustemala in London, in conformity v.ith the committee of creditors, shall determine the form to be given to the new bonds, the value that each is to represent, and all the requisite precautions wlhich may he considered necessary for the interests of Guatemala and the creditors. "'5. At the period of issuing the new bonds it shall be expressed on the old bonds of the Federal Republic of Central America that the liability of Guatemala is thereby cancelled. " ' 6. The interest of the new bonds shall be paid in London every six months,free of all expense, to the committee of bondholders by the agent of the Government of Guatemala. The first dividend shall be paid on the 1st of August, 1856. and the second on the lst of February following; and thenceforth on the 1st of August and 1st of February of each succeeding year. " '7. The Republic of Guatemala, besides mortgagin!g all its revenues, pledges especially the half of the proceeds of the maritime dues (;lcabala) of the Custom-house of Izabal, from the 1st of June next, to secure the punctual peayment of the interest and gradual amortization of the debt "'S. These proceeds shall be remitted punctuaUy 'o the agent of Guatemala in London, to verify the payment of the dvidends, applying the residue (if any should remain) to the lqmidaton of the capitoa. Should such proceeds be insufficient, through any circumstances, for the full payment of the 6,000l. sterling, amout of annual interest, the Treasurer of the Repuc shaUl make up the deficit from any other revenues. "'9. From the lse of January, 1860, instead of half of the maritime dues of the Custom-house of Iz3bal, there shall be apportioned one-sixth part of the maritime dues (Alcabala) collected in the Custom-house of this capital, for the purpose of facilitating the liquidation of the debt, the Government of Guatemala being free to employ at any time any other revenues they may deem advantageous for that purpose. " '1l0. The Government of Geatemala shall have the power to buy the bonds at the market value, through their agent in London, as stipulated in the original contrace made by the Federation in the articles 6th and Gth. "11. By this present agreement the responsibility of the Republicaof Gatemala is cancelled in favour of the British creditors for the debt of the Federal Republic of Central America, arising from the loan of the year 1824,only having full force and *igour the stipuLations contained in this document, wYhich is signed in duplicate. "'12. This agreement shal he subject to the approvtal of thc Psusident of the Republic, w hich, wvhen obtained, shall beheldasfirmand valid; the sanction of the committee in London, being accorded through their commissioner, Mr. Johu Lamrence. " ' JOSE NAJJERa. "'Gateal, My 2.' " 'JOHN LAWRENlCE. " ' Guatemal"'Gaatmala, ay 26 "'"The President in Councilof MSinisters, and by advice of the Coundll of State, approved in all its p arts the precedingt agreementPconcluded by the MAister of Finance with the Commissioner of the Committee of Spanish-American Bondholders, and accordingly w,ill dictate measures for its due fulfilment. " 'RLFARL CARItEIA. " 'JOSE NAJERA, Minister of Finance. "'P. BE. AYCLNENA, Minister for Foreign Affairs. MA6ANTDEL ECHEVERRIA, Minister for the Interior."' At a half-yearly meeting of the East and West India Dock Company, held to-day, Mfr. S. Gregson, M.P., in the chair, the dividend declared was at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, free from incometax, and the report was unanimously adopted. It was stated that notwithstanding the existence of competition the directors are enabled to maintain this amount of distribution, and that business is making satisfactory progoress. With regard to the accident in May last at the Limehouse entrance of the South dock it was mentioned that the loss, which has been greatly exaggerated, does not exceed 4,0001., and that the whole of the works are new in efficient order. The following is an abstract of the report:- " The accounts being made up to the 31st of December, the directors can at this time only, as usual, form an estimate of the results of the year's business. The points ad. -erted to on this occasion are the amount of shipping ton. nage, the extent of importations of produce, the stock of geds in the warehouse, and the amount of outsanding rates. In respect to the first of these pArticulars the directors have to state that there is a decrease in the tonnage, as compared with 1855, but that the ton e from Chins, the East Indies, the West nde s, aud thie kustr,alian colonies is about on a par with that received during the first six months of 1855; and the deficiency is in Norhaerica shipping-of course, dig th ar Baltic shipping, in grain vesse and some small decr.s in the guano-laden ships. As to importations oEfproduce, wit3i the exception of the Honduras trade, those from the West Indies ane something in excess of 1855; and the same may be said of the importations from the East Indies. The stock of goods in the vwarehouses amd the outstanading rates exceed those at the corresponding period last year. These circmn. stances are sufficiently favourableato lend the directors to hope tha' a satisfactory result will he eihibited at the conclusion of the year. The new works for connecting the South flock wid the Blkwal Basint may be saidtobe completed, as there is only a smaU portion of dredging to be done. The directors recommend that the dividend be continued at the samne rate of 3 per cent. for the past half-year, free of income-tax." The half-yearly meeting of the Austalian Agricultural Company took place to-day, iWr. Ravenshaw presiding, when the report, an abstract of which appeared in 1he Times of the lth inst., was agreed to. A lengthened discussion ensued on the announcement that the directors have empowered Mr. A. Hodgson, the new manager, to dispose of the sheep and the stock of horses if he 'shall think that corse advisable, the intention being to limit future operations to the leasing and sale of lands and the development of the collieries. Several of the shareholders objected to the proposed alteration, but it was explained that the directors have been influenced in their action by the suggestions emanating from former meetings. The reduction in the number of the London executive and the other changes contemplated appear to meet approval, although the expense of an act of Parliament to effect them was made a subject of complaint. In answer to questions, it was stated that the accounts from the colony for the first six months of 1855 exhibit lunfavourable results, and that nearly the whole of the 10,0001. which Captain Brownxrig- retained in hand has been absorbed in the operations of the company. The clip of wool amounts to about 280 bales, 151 of which have realized 5,1811.; 58 are in port, and 74 remain to come for-ward. In the colonial markets during the week -here has not been much animation, and, writh few exceptions, lower rates are quoted. For sugar the demand was less extensive in the early part of tLe week, and in some instanes easier prices were accepted. Strong qualities, however, were better supported. As few transactions have since taken place, the chief portion brou(ght forvard to-day was bought in, while the quantity sold -went at a fall of ftflly Gd. on last week's quotations. Several floating cargoes and parcels on the spot have changed hands. The operations in tea have been limited. The public auctions passed offwith heaviness, but numerous parcels are stated to have been subsequently sold at about previous prices. A good demand has existed for floating cargoes of coffee * those reported are one of St. Domingo, for the Mediterranean, two of Rio, one for the same destination, and the other for the Baltic, and one of Santos, for a near port. A very limited supply of plantation Ceylon having been brought to auction, the good and fine coloury kinds still realize high terms, while the other classes stand at previous quotations. An active inquiry continues for all strong rum, and for these kinds ld. to 2d. per gallon has been paid, considerable parcels having changed hands. Transactions of some amount took place in rice in the early part of the week, and high quotations were current. The market has since become dull, and former rates cannot be obtained. Saltpetre is also very quiet, and the better classes have been sold on easier terms. The indigo sales concluded yesterday, and for the middling and good kinds of Bengal and Kul-pahs ratLer better rates were paid. The inferior classes, however, were disposed of at 2d. to 3d. per lb. discOlUnt on last May sales' rates; the Madras qualities realized nearly former quotations. Of 15,513 chests declared only 3,999 were sold in the room, 8,464 were withdrawn, and 3,080 bought in. The spice-market has been freely supplied, and for mace, cloves, black and white pepper, lower prices may be quoted. The following is from the Me-xican ancd South American Company:- " The direetors have received by the Tyne advices from their smelting establishments in Chili to the 2d of June. The Acacia had just arrived at Herradura, and the WiUianm hiamsland was expected to sail in a fewv days with a cargo of 430 tons of copper regulus for Swansea." The retuirn from the Bank of England for the week ending the 12th of July gives the following results, when compared with the previous week:Public deposits ... ... 2o547l,500..-Decrease £2,269,574 Other deposits ... ... 12,698,812...Increase 2,227,S55 Rest ... ... ... 3,320,532...Increase 3a,570 On the other side of the account:- Governoent securities ... £14.20S,464...ncrease £2,899,949 Other securities... ... 13,773,626 ... Decrease 1,754,286 Notes unemployed ... 5,434,720 ...Decrease 1,118,000 The amount of notes in circulation is 20,838,8851., being an increase of 892,2401.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 12,378,3291., showing a decrease of 232,613?. when compared with the previous return.
TRADB REPORT. Friday Evening. SuGR.. -About two-thirds of the 1S,352 bags put up at auction were wvithdrawn. The market closes flatly, and the decline for the week is 6d. per cwt. The following are the particulars of to-day's auctions :-9,991 bags of aiauritius, middling to fine biown, 44s. to 4Gs.; low middling to good strong yellow, 46s. Gd. to 4Ss.; fine yellow, 4&s. 6d. to 49s. 2,577 bags of Benares, good middling to good whit-, 4&s. to 50s. 805 bags of date low brown, 42s. to 4As. ; fine yellow, 4Ss. to 49s. 550 bags of Cossipore good yellow, 49s. to 60s. 550 bags of Cossipo're syrupy good middling bright yellow, 4Gs. 6d. to 47s. Gd. 3,S79 bags of native Idadras, low to fine brown and lo%v bright yellov, 40s. 6d. to 43s. and 72 hogsheads of West India sold to-day, making for the week 961 hogsheads. COFFEE.-110 casks 50 brls. and bags of plantation Ceylon were disposed of, at tin, to 0Sa. Gd. for fine fine ordinary small to bold pabish, and 6&s to G8s. for lowi middling to good. 570 bags of low and good ordinary Rio were taken in at 37s. to 40s. par cwt. Privately a Santos cargo is reported to have becn sold afloat. RICE.-The whole of 2,046 bags of Bengal were withdrawn-broken white at 9s. 6d.,and Moonghy 9s. 6d. to lQs. The rnarket closes without anisnation. SAVL'CETrE.-420 bags of Bombay, 26 per cent. refraction, bought in at 27s. per cwt. COCI11NEAL.-21. bags of Teneriffe. in auction, sold at the previous quotations-ordinary to good silver 3s. 9d. to Je. lld, per lb.; and black, 4s. ld. to 4s. 9d. for ordinary to COCOANUT OIL is a little dull; previous prices hardly obtainable. 130 casks of Ceylon were bought in at 46s.- and 74 casks of Sydney part sold at 44s. 3d. for fLne. TALLOW.-The market opened firm this morning, at 53s. onthespot andfor the month,and 51s. waspaidfor last thrtee months, but at close there were sellers thereat with but little disposition to purchase even at a reduction,
TEP COIZW TIDV.- - OORN-lMCXH GE YAXDLY..JUL,r I8. The £rivals of Eoglidh an aremoderate. butthote of foiei4ab,v oonidenaby i neae~L The prce Of wheat Is supported, ad eky ful ome habroughthigher qwtlom Other kinds are txthe averare fuilip maiitSained. ilour, ]E:oghab, 1,470 s4as; fore5 43 sacks and 1,000 ba.rels. The weather bas ved a goodc.1ldouringthe week, andh3cnao been very fvourable for the crops. Our supplie of grain continue Ehort. The heattrade is quiet to-day, the businesspassingis in Die freehawbeat at laet weeklsprices. but is limited in extent, prives in Liverpool being relativeLbcbemper than here. In other articles ct the trade no mnatnrsl chanie. LTVEHPOOLs JuLY 18. The asrivalsfrom Irelnd and cosEtwiw since Tuesday are Tery lght, but fron abroad liberal supplies continue to come forward, asmouting to 2i,222 quarters wheat, 2.020 quarters barley, 9,178 quartes Bdian oDrn, 7,190 sacks and 63,597barrelstour. The exports comprise 1,3f! quarterswheat, L,227 quartesm oats &4,3 qute Inian corn, 1,W3 sacks and1,l35 barrelsflour. There Isi been a good demanLd sine Taraday from consomeo for the finest quaitiesor wheat and iop.r, st fully our lat qaotations; but inferior parcels have been difficult to quit, andp ricessomewhbstlower ,nd irregular. India corn has bean in fair request, more parzicalarly white, which Is going largelyinto conEnmPtioil in the interior of this country: prices are unchanged sunce Tuesday. although in some instances the seller se l'ad abaligbt advantage. The weather has been, upon the whole, fine, but unseasonablycold; thismorning iswet. At to-"Ydays arket therewas agood attenda-nce oftown dealers andl several - iHersfrom distant pacts of the country. Wheat and douer of fine quality were in "ood request the former at an advance of Ild. t 2d. per busbel, and t'e latt-r attlhe ful rates of Tuesday. Inferior qalities however. were not free of sole, ann pIces are unchanged. Inaisancornmmet with anextensive io quiry,and ther'e etog,ut IIttle on Wale, an advanoe must be quoted of fully Is. per quarter upon both yellowand wcite, theformerbring in from 30s o 30s. 6d., and the iatter from 31s. 6d. to 33i per s801b. American rest wheat ranges froml 0to lls 3d, and white from is O6d. toxlls d Flour of prime qualitY from 34e. for westerns, up to 3s 6d. for Ohis. The weather cleared uP durmgmaikethours, and is now very fAne. - WA 3EFLED, JuLY 1 Wbeatp quarter of 8bush eb.lb.- L . & 1eSudolk,ndXent, white 9.. 7 to 83 to 85 Red . b. .. .. .. .. .. 75 76 7S NoTolkandCrmbrdge wbte 79 St 83 lIed.72-76-78 Lineole.hire and Yorkshire, white 79 - Sl - 83 Red 72 -76- 78 Danteic and Konigsberg.79 - 83 - 85 Baltic and Hamburg, red. 71 - 74 - 76 Petersburg and Bga .62 - 65 - 67 lMediterrsanean .46 - 60 - 5 Eg*Ytian. 48 -- 62 - A Barley.- Grinding (5211b. per bushel) .. .. S7 - 39 - - Beans, per quarrer of8 bashels, WOin.- EzM,sh old .47 - 48 .o !0 New .-. .-. . .. .... 4- 46- 47 Foreign, new.. 4 - - 46 Egyptian .37 -38 Oats, per stone- English. 13d. - 14d. ISd. Scotc . .. . . .. .. 1. l59d.-d. Shelling, per load of 2611b. .- .. .. 3S - 4 Malt, per load of six imper;labushels 54 - 56 n< - JYr 7:r -1 - n 1A or - i f-
SHLP NEWS. NOTICE TO MARINERS- roy rT LT iLky JAonxSHm' WEST CHAwNSEaL.. Chief Harbour-offlce, Wtllias_etown, April, 15f,X In accordance with a notice issued fromn this office, dated the 20th of Februasy, the lightablP haa been moved about half a mile S. by W. from her formner position, and now lies moored in 19 feet water, with the foowvinlgDnearings:- UJpper Ligbtluse, ShortlanTsi Bluff, S. 35W. Ext-eme part of Indented Head N. 39W. Summit of Arthures Seat, 35 E. 5 White cone buoy on western elbow of Willi- SDund, S. 22 N. Black cone bloy on Swan Spit, S. 24W.V Black and white cbeckered buoy on 13-feet kInovl, distant from light- ship about a cablt'c length, S.25 E. Mariners are further requested to take notiee that, with the view to faciitate the safe navigation of the West Channel at all times ef tho night and tide, a Uoating light vessel (the equipment of which wilt bh completed in a few weeks) nill be moored off Swan dpit, in the positioxn at present occupied by the Swan Spit black buoy, and the latter removed. This vessel wi exhibit a single fxedlight. On the exhibition of the light the upper light on ShortIand's Blaf willbe darkene4 from N.r. by B., round northerly to W. by N.. and the two cheekerxe buoys now lying mid-cbmnnel above Swan Spit w'ill be removed, anid the position of the knoivls they mark pointed out by beacons on sbore. ue notice ofthe night on vhich the light will frst becxhibited, together ith fail patieulars of the above changes, wil be hereafter published. The depths are at low water spring tides; bearivgs by compass. LoxDnoS, July 18.-Vind at noon, S.W.; fresh breeze, and dul cloudy weather. FAirsouilr, July 1.-Wind, N.N.W. Arrivea.-The Arabella, from Rangoon, for orders. Sailed, the Fortuna, for Trieste-the Ino, for Bristol-tie Aira, for Glocester - the Gues, for Liverpool-the Daniel Dlyer, for Liverpool-the Av-on, for Liverpool-the Mersey, for Dublin -the Elbe, f or Cork-thie Zante Packet, for Limerick. BRISTOL, July I S- WViaf. S.V., light.-Arrived, the Star, fro p N ew York-the Neptune, from NewgBrunswick. xuL u', July 17.--The American ship Hama w rd, from Calcutta for BordeSux, which Putinto Tble B-ay on thet2Gthof April, leaky, after h oving encountered a violent gale east of the Cape of Giod Hope. bad on the 7th of May disti arged apart of the cargo. T t -eak was:ex- aected et b-tfound above the oheathing, but, provided this should not. ihe the ease, she w ould have to d..:charge the whole of her cargo, wvhich it wasfeared w 'uld entail her condeineation. Huti. July 1T.-The elue,sLsvinh aMar was iound On L,etncy Sand, near the SpurJn, on t4he 5th of Juely,anDd huasbgleen bEro°upghtinhere.bc was fallerninwithin the Cattegat about the 12th of July, with lose o all three masts, and in towr of a steamer; would probably put into Gottenburg. LIVERIPOOI JULY 17. Sailed-The Annie Morice, for Newfoundland-the Silas Wrigbt. for Ne-w York-the M-ona, for Drukirk-the Wiliam, fur Bordeauxthe Thor, for St. Petersburg-the Typhoon, for Bombay. 7UJL\ IS. WVind, N.W. Arrives- The lossuth, from Mfatanzas-the Baticola, from Mobile -the Comistellation and the Washington, from lew York-the Sirocco and the Natelia. from hi. Johns. Newv Bcmnsvick-the Bonetta, from Constantinople-the John GarLro, from Nses Orleans-the Barlington, trocaQuebes -the Britannin, from Alexandria-the lIfmo, trues Csdiz-the Jumna. from Bombay-the Careda, from Cienfuego;-the Was pn, from Mfobile-the Sisters and the Cromellve, from Alexandriathe Oreen. f rom Iceland-bbe Magistrate and the Eurlnusbeno, from 1;ew Orleans-the bia, from Mobie-the lora ailoLald. from Baltimore-the Shamrock and the E;lwood Walter. from New YorktheEstrella. from Coruona-tbe X. June, from Dantsic-the Ddwvard Jobhsten, from St. Stephenas, New Brunswick-the Astrea, farm Porto Rico-the Bloomer, from St. Johas, New Brunswic-k-the Tit Bit. fromn Lacuna. Off.-TJhe Sutiej, the Seahorse, the Florida, the William i2ntt, the Lancaster. and the steamer Rhone. Sailed.-The Fidelia. for New York-the Btgolus, for lMontisideothe Jonn Barbour, for St. John's, Nocw Brunswick-the BRaroon, for Rio Jn neiro. GRAVESEND, JULY 17. (By SuiAr.L-N ANtD Bnmsac TEt.LtaAy.) From Iloyds.) Arrivecd-TheAAnn Benfitld, from Iquiline-the Rock City, froma New York-the Admiral, from Antwerp - the J. J. Hatbran, from. Trinidad de Cuba- the dersey, from Rangoon-the hIantura, from Missolongi-the Athens. from Riga-the Candidate, frm arlbadoes -the Marts, from Rio Janeiro- the Vidal, from Cronstadt- the Elmisuer, from St. Petersburg-the St. Fergus, from Croesiadt-the Thomas 4yth, from Calcutta-the Gipsy Queen, from Jersey-the Tw.o Brothers, from Memel- the Resolutior, from Riga. JULY 1S. 9.30 am.-lVird, W.; tide, 2 hnurs' flood; fine. Arcived-The ThomasandAnn Cole, from Melbourne-the Einrdo.- tan,from Rotterdam-the Conservative, from M;adras-the Mari, 'rom Aalborg-the steamer flacingen, from Hariingen-the Scdiedaum, from Schiedam-the steamer slbion, from Boulogne-the steamer Countess of Lono dale, from Eiamburg. Sailed.-The steamer Fleche, for Ghent-the Robins, for cie Yoerk -the steamer R.hine, for Boulogne. 1 p.m.-Wind, V. ; tide, last hours flood; cloudy. Arrived-The Gandill, from St. Petersburg-the steamer City of London, from IDunkirk-the Wilberforee, from Tonning-the Amelia, from Riga-the William Mibne, from Pistou-tbe Crecent, fiom Guernsey-the Sussex, from Foo-chow-Foo-the Robina, from Emden -the Reoe, from Gefde-the MIary, from Lisbon - the Luinsden, from Stockholm-the Dan,from HeHlingerbaven-the Marshal Benne transport, from Balaklava-tbe Leuw, from lNew York-the Frewning Beauty, from Pisagua-the Drie BroderK, from Vorcum -the CamillaD from Pernambuco-the Siucerity, from Dieppe-the Victor, from Cronstadt-the Isabella, from Guernsey-the Liz7y lowan, from Smyrna-thc Elise, from Quebec-the Robert Huery, from Fal,.ccathe Gustaa, from Soderham-the Soaslay, from Pors Stanley-the Nova Carolina, from Ibrail-the Ligehning and the Emma. from Guernsey-the Is,es from Memel-the Victoria, from BalIklava-tho Sisters, from Basque Island-the Hutton, frou Gottenburg-the Hiawatha, from Quebec-the Plrometheuns, from Cronstads. 3 p.m.-Wind- S.W. ; tide, 2 hours ebb; cloudy. Arrived-The Mabella, iroem Porsgmud-the Paul, from S.ettinthe Irene, from Nevis -the Helene, from Dram-the Friends, from Broges-the Star in the East, from Demereara-the Orion. from San6emad-the Charlotte, from Riga-the Lord Cough, fromn Messina-the Josephinc, from Trieste-the Circassian, from Randero-the Speed well, from Guernsey-the Feckover, from Cronstadt-the llmboo rom Villanova. 7.30 pnm--Wmd, W.S.W.; tide, 6 hous ebb; weather. fie. Arxrired-The Ann Ritcbie, from Miramicii-the Sarah and Uar garet, from 'Villanova-the Highland Mary, from Alexandria-:im. Masehrll, from Guernsey-the Emilia, from Malaga-the Anra, from Roskeld-the Elnabeth Seary, from Brussds-the Emily, from Cape Coast Ceatlo-the launora, Scam Guerrsey-the Billow, from Smyrna. -the perance, from Eades- the Warden, from Zaute-the Prince Woroncofi. fromBuenos Ayre-the Elza, from Dantsic- the lsasc, from Matanzas-the Cambridge, from Boston-the Stella, from Carlacrona. Sailed.-The steamer Wiener, for Ermden. DEAL,, JTnY 17. (By SuAmAanco AwOD BalTissL TEaxoltyrl.1, (FromLioyda.) PasseL-TheViking, rom CalcuttaforLondon. !JCTY 18. 9 a.m.-Wind, S.W.; moderate and fine. Pass3d.-The Cimbria, from Euenos As-res; the Great EBtain, from Montreal: the Egmont, from China ; the Raobert, from New York; and the Ascendant, from Mauritius, all for London- the steamer Jason, from London for Southampton,-the steamer Osprey. from London for Cork-thelBiecaya, from Fulmonth last feo London. Weadle.-Tho Prpoymalia, for Rio Janeiro, without damage from being ashore, asreported. Soon.-WInd, W.S.W. : fresb and fina. Passed.-The Pharamond, from Launceston; the Ardent, from the Maurntmue; the Espanola, from Falmouth ; the Ocean Bell, fsoar Pbilsed-lepis; and the Euthemiet, from Antigua, Al foer London. Anchored.-The Mariner, from Shieids for Marseilles. 2 paD.-VVmd, W.S.W.; fresh. ParedL-The Ann Udn, from the westwrard ; the Dart, from St J1h1'e, Newfoundland; and the Blossom, from Licata, all forLondon 7 30 lpm.-Wird, S.W. ; moderate. As7ivedand Passea.-The Behobia, from Canton fore Loedn-tbeCoral Queen, from Algoa Hay for London-the Ricbard Cowie, from St. Johnb for Lynn-the Abel, from th, Mediterranean for tio* Arrived and Anchores.-The Warbler, from Shields for GCaatzthe Atna, from Girgeuti for Croustadt-the Jacobus Dac, from lig fOr isbon-the Johan Fredericck, from London ior Corstanmtajope Vasusex Snoxzr_ WSTE. The Thomas, bound W., Jly 11, in laSt. fN., long. 33W. The John Sayers,hboundB.F, July13, ilRt.sN,,long, _W. The Abeona, July 15, off 2pe Clear. The Swedish haclk Typhoon, froam Londen Ior l40oh-.ein, Peh. 2ID is 1st. 510., long. 970 B.lt. 2 N, lrg Th t.l 9dfrnln from the Chinchas for Qaeenlo>wn, Jnne C, ir -tThe Willm Foster, for ELverpool, Junme 7, in 1st. 12 N., long. The bask llo. 162, 3d distingujbing pendant, July 10. in lat. 42 N., lon. .14. Thse Express, from Arrcsn for, Paimout, -July 14, in lat. 47 ., long 11WM. DoWanfell, for AdoS nme 90, m lat. 18., long 25 W.- The Britannia, of ailetpool, from Falmouthgoc Qsmede.-Junu 30. lThe Starof6iW th Dt-±mlemearar for the Clysl, oneSO day, la. U .ln,f. .- -. ; HEIG WATER AT IOIDON-lBRDGl - This Day - ; : Te-saorehr MornIng.. .,6 Sruin. ailer 2 Moring.- .; 29 usin. A . 3 Aft*OO .. 6 mit. a r 3 oon . . .f.w..........0 .. 0 min. a 3
1IALL WAY AND 3! hYIiC SHARES. Friday Evenng. The railway-market was not well stupported, and tsles, in some cases, iuifavounrbly influenced prices. Great Western experienced the chief alteration, the ,lecline being about 3Qs. per share. There were few operations in French or Belgian shares, and Indian descriptions exhibited less firmness. In Australian ,land and baning shares little activity was notice- able, and quotstions were rather lower. Ottoman BanIk suiffered from sales, and the final quotation was I to i pm. Bank of Egypt left off 1 to i pm.; lNational Discrimt Company, 1a to : pm.; Riga Railway, 3n to t pm.; Pernambuco, Ift to i pm.; lombardo-Venetian, 51 to 6 pm.; Bank of Svitzerland, par to i pm.; Ceylon, 14, to s pm.; Bengal, i to i pm.; Euphrates Valley, 4 to Js pm.; Wcstern of Aust-ria, 14 to 2? pm.; New Brunswick and Canada, ito I pm. ; Calcutta, i to i pm. ; Western Bank of lFondon, 1 to 2 pm.; and lMetropolitan *guaranteed, i to 75 pm. rnTnYNAwv CwAP1> Aw n
THE ROYAL SWEDISB RAILWAY. fAd-vi--t) Subjoined is the Report addr7Zed to the Directors of the Royal Sweuish Railway by Mr. Miller, a member of the Board, who has recently teturned from fiwedeun:- " Gentlemen,-In accordance with your desire, Ihave now to present sou with a more detailes renort of the result of my miesion to Sweden than the one I had the pleaiure to present shortly after reaching London. The 5rst object I had in visev n my arrival in Gothenburg w aa to attend the General Mteeting of hhareholdems which comsneugejI en the 17th of Mayand closed onthel1.th, for the purpose of passin, the resolutions carried at the General MIeeting in London, and particularly with reference to raising new capital by prererence Shares. This being done, 1 constdered it rig,ht, for the reasons as.igned in my letter of *he2letot fMay. to move an additional resolution, more completely to protect the preference share subceribere, which was also passed after cc sicterable discussion. It is as iollors :-Resolved. 'lThat in the event of the raltlway being pnrehasEd by the Swedish Government, or in the event of the dissolution of the Conmpany frotm any othercause rhe aniount of capital raised by the irene of preference shares shall be arst repaid to the proprietors of such shares, afterthe debts of thisCompany and the obUigatron holders are eatisfied.' " By this resolution you will perceive that next to the obligation holder, whose claims, as far as a general meeting of shareholders can do to, are hereby legalized, the preterence share subehriber claims rirortyof payment. Thie resolution appears to me to be imDortan' becaume by it the Compaany'a roperty as it uow exists together with whatever may be added to it ythe outlay of the preference capital. and which will increase its value ine a double ratio by making ita prod,ceig property, muet first satisfy these two calmatst before the oxlginat shareholder can take anything. At this meeting it was urged that the new shares should be signed by the Swedish Board, and reltimatei that tbe Swedish director in London should do so, whicls suggestion I agreed to forward, You wMi recoUect, Gentlemen. that at the same time tadvised you of these matters I caUed your attention to the altered circumstances of the Company by reasou of the forfeiture of the State guarantee of 4 per cent by tbe non-completion of the line within theotipulated period.and to tLe abeolute necessity in consequence of obtaining a fresh concession from the Government (to mi ich I havereferred mom particularly at thectose of the report): and, in furtheranceof this view, some weeksaf terwards, on my arrival in St sc hoLm for the parpose of examining a LArge amount of the Company'. property detained there for freight and charges, I waited on the Minister of the Interior three several times, who assured me that HI, tRo-al Majesty' saw with tgreat pleasure ana took a very lively inttrest in olur endeavours to r- auscitate the undertaking and on the last occasiou he assured me that thousgh His Majesty could not state his views and intentions with retard to us definitely until after the report of the Gosverment committee on railways was made, let heb-ogeedmetounderstanddistinctly that Lot only no ads-nntaee wvould be tak-en of our altered position, but that whatevwer could be mauso,ably granted we migbtdepend on obtaining. and that the consummation of the undertakiDg was greatly desired by him. I have futher to state that I thou*ht it advisable to proceed to Christiania. in Normay, to inspect the Norwe Lan laiwav to which ours bearsm in several respects, a elo-e ana10gy-such as, that it is the nirst projected raUiway in the lkigd.nr, that ths "u"sIry is dnet t kesy popsulated' httereore r cnly now developing; and I may mention also that it communicates with the Lake Mfoijscnt, the traflic of which gretly aS,ista Ibis Htie, and sevl do So increasingly; for at the end of the second year it is found indispensable tbat twvo additionat steamers sFbould be put on to keep pace with the increasing wants of the eountry. Ti-is line found to be an exceedingly diflicult one, abounding with hbarp curves, its gradients for the fdrst two milLs being, I telieve, 1 in t0, 1 in tO, It i70, and soon. It nsa coottt.000 plOer mile, ad, notwitshatndang this, the preference 5 per rent, shairehoke`ldersam suoreootf thtir divitdend this year. aind very probably there will bea.mething over fe rthe non-preferenee also. Now. our line is comparatively a level one, iresenting few or noengineering dilllcultles,its gradient being tin 100, a that for short distances onjly, costng, after all its misbaps. not nearly so much a2the Norwegian, and with resources certainly greatly sulerior to It, for it must be the grand trunk line of Sweden which will ultimnately connect Gothessburg on the NorthiSesand St'scholm on the t altic, to say nothing of brmch lines, nor of the traffic which mest flow into it from the takes. I should do you, Gentleme., and myself an injustice If I hesitated to State my belief that, with all these advantages, and with careful and economic managemeat, our line will prove, much more remunerative than the Norwegisan good as it nlow in, alnd icreasingly so asit certainly will be. "In confirmation of this view I would remark, that for 20 miles of the eIatern,hbalf of the line I(from Orebro to irylta and Frovi) the amount of trallic by peasants' carts, &c., only, as supplied by the GovexnmeLt mineral inspector, will yield i per cent. over working eopenres; and hf to this amount be added passenger tra5fic and a moderate increase in the goous traffic, as mon as the railw ay is In, operatron it must asesuredly produce a much higher rate. This portiou may be fairy taken as an inder of the remainder of the Ine which it appears to me may be viewed even more favoatrably than that; because Arhoga and KbOith., besides supplying loctl and district tr.fflc, are both conrected vith the Lake latalr, on which there ISa constaont trade by steamboats with Stockholm diurng a considerable part of the year. in timber, planks, bricks, colonial goods, and iron ore; and the accounts of their earnings thow an average gain,after al: eIxenmssare dedtucted, of Io per cent. The steaners trading betreen Orbro (tbe centre of our ratwvay) and Stockholm present a clear profit of 17 per cent., and with these our liue must prove a most pOsverful c mpetitor. ' Before furnishing you with any particulars of the western half of tle line, I would notice that when tne whole of It is tinished a profitable branch or extension might be made from Halt, or that neighbourheod, to Christerchlan, without any difficulty, as it would run ehiefLy through a valley, and would save a considerable distauce by water ; and which port, from its population and trafflc, would prove a firstrate adjunct to the main line, besides advtancg to the Norwegian froLtier-One of the objects, I understand, fHis Mtajesty of Sweden is rarticulary desirous of accomplishing. ..I have new. Gentletren, to report that of the line from Halt to Orel-ro the western half is staked out, andI the sehote of the forest land cuit through, and I believe the telegraph poles and vireas are adjusted along it. Thner are no very serious engineering ditfleulties to contend ibth, the sererest gradients, as already states, are I in 100 for shor' _istances throughout the fir t 27 miles of this half, and of the eccond 27 mile of it the worst gradients ame I in ff0, Feow bridges will h-c required, and but one only of any importance, Of the eastern halt,-viz., from Orebro to Rflping, a large proportion of the rails are laid, and about 1,2W0 tons o rcarfplaht s. in addition to what are there will, I believe, be wanted; and v non the er,rthworlt ballastleg, fendie,. and eidungs to and trom the variou stations ae done, there wvll reonain stamIry platforms, warehouses, sheds, clerks' offices, and the like, ta complete the whole of wlIich, at aU events sufficienUy 'o for evorkine, ought to be ready a four or fiTe months if funds were rnw rrovidee, and should, trom swhat I have been able to gather, be executed considerably within the engineer's estimate-say for £45,00. 1 wer.l, lsugeotthat the contracet scae ot pes should, if possible, be Euds as that on the Norwegidan line I ITve reefered to ; and if we could precure the same contractor who executed about 13 niles of it, and wvho gave, I am told, unqua-Lied satisfaction (the engiseer Stating it to be the best executed rotion of the line) I am persuaded that durability and a consifdrable savinig of the Compranlsc funds would be the agreeable co"ersoeuce. I have further lo intimaite that at a Board3Meeting msOrebro I snred that we should petition thpt the amotnt of cautton-money now ia the hands of the Gocavernment, vTiz. il g00e, be returned to us. Thic resolution is emIrsledcin thec~ftitionntOHI1-Majesty, acopytif whichT uewardedtoyou. " 4P conclnusin, Gentlemen, I woeitd observe that, i£ the sbarebelesgeterally,lad tbe amerneans that I hove had of seeing the extsaordm.aryeffecinproducedanouthe population and traficinathelogahityofa newlyindo sJmi y ovaynd which,v,hen once put in motion, eems ev.er on the inrenrea, there would be, t conceive, hut littlehibeaslon in assisting ta gestocs, thIs property, now alt hut p?rostrate, to life r cd animatien. I would lsnly vi rbie that the recrtces of the sailway abund}anatlytio prove tbh52fac:t b7 therdevelaputheonpt.tooti " 1$} Canr on.itagt, London, Jtt)7 12.i" - ttSiCO( M LL1R.
RAILWAY IXNTELIGENCE. 'PR AVFPTC RF.ITTRNR The following axe the roceipts of railways for the past week:- The traffic returns of railways in the united kingdom for the week ending July 12 amounted to 457,4711., and forthe corresponding week of 1856 to 42SS,0591., show. ing nnincrease of 29,41'S. The gross receipts of the eight railwvays having their termini in the metropolis amounted for the wveek ending as above to 199,230!., and for the corresponding week of last year to 188,5341., shoving an increase of 10696. The increase on the Eastern Counties Railway amounted to 2711.; on the Great Northern to 804?. ; on the Great AVestern to 2,325.; on the Lon. don and North-WVestern to 3,767. * on the London, Brighton, and South Coast to 1,1211. ; on the London and South-Western to 2,349?.; and on the South-Eastern to 100L.; total, 10,737?. But from this must bo deducted 41?., the decrease on the London and Blackwall, leaving the increase, as above, 10,696l. The receists on the other lines in the united kingdom amounted to 2551,2411., and for the corresponding period of 1855 to 2309,525., showing an increase of 18,716?. in the receipts of those lines, whicb, added to the increase on the metropolitan lines, makes the total increase 29,4121., as compared with the corresponding week of 1855. MANCHESTER, SHTEFFIELD, AND LTNCOLNTSHIRE. The report of Mesars. E. Un-win and S. P. Roblnson, the auditors of this company, states that the report and aecounts sent to the proprietors are so complete that they have little to add. They mention as a matte; worthy of notice that the outstanding accounts on merchandise traffic on the 30th of June last amounted to only 5,9231., out of a total collection of 113,0871., it comparison vith 11,C'2., owing on the 30th of June, 1805, showing a decrease, as compared with 1S55, of 4,7961. The new system of keeping the accounts of the cornpany is noW fullv and satisfactorily carried out. The result enables the auditors to state that the whole of the books and accounts are kept wvith great accuracy and simplicity. They are assured by Mr. Craig, the locomotive superintendent, that the whole of the locoumotive and rolling stock is very much improved. From the return of rollin' stock it appears that the amount charged to capita' forlocomotive engines and tenders to the 30th of June last was 281,634l., and for carriages and waggc:ns, 330,724?. together, 612,4081. The aggregate mileage ran by the enginesduringthe half-year was 1,053,613 miles as igainst 1,090,473 miles at the corresponding- period of 1855. The aggregate numberof hours durilng w.hich the engines were in steam was 134,833, against 141,405 hours at the corresponding period of 1855. The quantity of coke consumned was 343,905 cwts., against 409,918 cwts. in 1S55, and of coal 67,220 cwts., against 20,511 c;-ts. in 1855. The cost of the coke and coal consumlled per hour amounted to 26 40d. against 3419d. in 1855, and per mile run to 3-37d. against 3 70d. at the corresponding period of 1855. The number of passenger trains run during the half-year was 17,726 ; of goods trains, 7,056; and of coal trains, 2,497. The average number of carriages in passenger trains was 5, of waggons ia goods trains, 344 * and in coal trains, 232j. Oat of the 17,726 passenger trains run during the half-year 14,676 arrived in time; out of the 7,056 goods trains 3,830 arrived intime; andout of the 2,497 coal trains 972 arrived in time. The arrivals above five minutes after time were 3,050 passenger trains, 3,2-26 goods trains, aiid 1,595 coal trais.
-PARDfBLIAMENTABY INTELUGENONCP4 HOUSE OF LOURDS, FRIDAY, JTmY 18. The Ihouse met at 5 o'clock. The Earl of DERBY presented a petition from Woolwich against the discharge of sewage into the Thamee; and another petition against certain clauses, already rejected by the House. in the Scotch Parochial Schools BilL The Dake of BUCCLEUCH presented petitions from places in Invernessshire and other parts of Scotland against the Scotch Parochial Schools BilL Lord MONTEBGLE presented a petition from the grand jury of the countY of Kerry, stating that that county was novperfectly tranquil, and praying to be relieved from the extra charge imposed in conseqeuece of an additional number of constabulary being quartered in the county. STEAM-PACKET COMMUNICATION BET WEEN HOLYHEAD AND KENGSTOWN. Viscount DUXGAXNNON- was desirous, before the close of the session, of obtaining an explanation from the Government upon a, matter of importance to a large body of the public; he aluded to the state of thesteam-pakket communication be'.ween lolyhoad and Kingstow,n. The resalt of the inquiry whichhad been instituted upon the subjeetwas, that the best, the safest, and the speediest passage between England and Ireland was that by HIolyhead and Kingstown, and in consequence a railway had been constructed along the coast from Chester to Hiolyhead, crossing the Conwvay and the Idenai bridges. But in many respects the steam-packets which carried on the communication across the uhaunel were defective. They were not-large enough for the accommodation of the passengers; under the most favourable circarmstances the tume occupied in the passsage was 4}. hours and if there was anything like a headwind or a heavy swell it was 5S or 6 hours, whereas if steamers of proper horsa power were place-d on the station the passage could very well be effected in three hours. The length of the vessels in order to afford proper accommodation ought to be 350 feet. Wishing the passage between the two countries to be made as safe and expeditions as possible, he hoped the noble duke the Postmaster-General would give a satisfactory reply to his question-namely, whether there was any prospect of an arrangement being concluded between the Government and the steam-packet companies ivith regard to the establishment on the line of larger vessels with increased horse power? I The 3farquis of CL kNRICARDE complained that the time at which the mail train was obliged to start for Dablin, half-past 7 o'clock in the scorning, was inconveniently early. The Dloke of ARGYLL said, there was a very fair prosect of a satisfactory arrangemnent being made with the steampacket companies; negotiations werenot yet completed, but he hoped they would conwc to a speedy conclusion. Wfith regard to the remark of the noble marquis, he would observe that it was the clear duty of the department with wihich he was connected to accelsrate as much as possible the passage of the miails, not only to Dublin, but also to the rest of Ireland. In order to carry out that object, in order to prevent other parts of Ireland from being sacrificed to the netropolis, it wvas essential that the mails should arrive at Dublin in sufficient time to allow of the departure of the provincial mails as early as they were nowdesratched. If they wvere allowed to be despatched at a later hour the arrangemenltsfor the distribution of the letters in the distant parts of the country would h- seriously disturbed. He did Inot think; t.here was anything very unreasonable in requiring I passengers to start from London to Dutblin at half-past 7 in the morning. The Marquis of CLANRICARDE asked whether the departure of the snail train at half-past 7 instead of halfpast S did not increase the public expenditure by about 30,000. a-year? The Duke of ARGYLL declined to enter into any details with regard to the money part of the question. DRAINAGE (PRIVATE ADVANCES) ACT AMEIND- MENT BILL. The Earl of WICKLOW asked the noble niarquis who had charge of this bill whether he would consent to the omission of the alterations made in it by the select committee, and pass it as it was originaUy introduced ? The Marouis of S-ALISBURY said that if the opposition to the bill vvere persevered in, the bill must be withdrawn. After a few words from Lora PostumicA, The order for the third reading was discharged, and the billwas withdrawn. INTESTATES' PERSONAL ESTATES BILL. This bill was read a third time. AINTOTHER ARCTIC EXPEDITION. F Lord WROTTESLEY, in rising to ask-, pursuant to notice, whether Her Majesty's Goverrment have returned any answver to a memorial addressed to the First Lord of the Treasury on the subject of a further Arctic expedition, said, The noble earl who gave notice of his intention to ask the question which he was niow about to address to Her Majesty's Government was, unfortunately, obliged to absent himself through iUness, and he had delegated his task to Ilfhm !rd Wrottesley). He had therefore to inquire whether Her Majesty's Government had returned an answer to a memorial relative to a further A1rctic expedition ? Fle trusted he might be allowed to accompany this question with some remarks explanatory of the position in which the whole matter now stood, the rathier that much misconI ception I revailed upon the subject. The tale of Arctic jsearch and Arctic suffering was indeed a melancholy one, and awakenled so many sad and painful recollections that he greatly feared lest in his s6mpathy for the sufferers he might exaggerate the merits of the case he had undertaken to plead. He should Inluch regret such a result, for he was weU aware that in taking this coarse he wvas incurring a grave responsibilitv. Through eight long, dreary years the relatives and friends of those gallant men who had served their country only too wvell anxiously awaited, and awaited in vain, some tidings of their fate. During the first part of that distressing period they expected with each returning summer or atutunn to welconme those adventurous seamen returning home in triumph from a successful enterprise, crowned with civic laurels, and about to reap the well-earned reward of their meritorious exertions. Durig the latterpartof thatperiod theyhoped to receive some intelligenco which might enlighten them as to the manner s and the circumstances under vwhich the little band of heroes had breathed their las', Perhaps after much suffering. re|moved, very far reunoved, from their cherished homes. Those who had experienced the misery of thus losing those who were near and dear to them in foreign lands, where the details of the calamity were necessarily imiiperfectly known, would remember how anxiously we desiredl to know all the particulars of the mournful event-the how, the when, and the wvhere-each additional fact when learrnt added acutely to the sorrow; and yet there was a continual craving to known more and more; a thirst that could not be allayed. But in the case to which he alluded, to fill up the meuasre of sorrow, we had to add the agonies of suspense, since every day, every hour of each returning year might bring copnplete reief, or a confirmation of the worst anticipations. At last, in 1855, the crisis of the fate of these mariners arriv-ed, and a cruel revelation was made, the particulars of which he should shortly detail :-Their lordships wvere aware that, commencing' with the year 184$, several expeditions, both by land ad sea, were, with laudable zeal, sent out by the Adniralty, and even by our brothers on the other side of the Atlantic, to endeavoar to ascertain the fate of Franklin and his companions. He would not weary their lordships with the details of these exploits anterior to 1854; suffice it to say that, by some cruel fatality, they seemed aUl to have proceeded in every direction but the right one. lNotlhing was ascertained beyond the discovery, in 1851, of the graves oni Beechy Island, the only effect of which Svas to send one of the best appointed expeditions that ever left our shores in a wrong direction-to the north instead of to the south. He now cane to the eventfal year 1854, but before de tailing the transactions of that year it was necessary, in order that their lordships might comprehend his descrip t on of themii and his comments upon them, that he should explain a fewv particulars relative to the configuration of the north coast of America. Three great rivers fell inito the Polar Sea, flowing from the south. The Mackenzie River was that most to the west, the Coppermine River ocCupied the centre place, and the Great Fish, or Back River (the mouth of which wvas the scene of the events he was about to describe), flowing towards the north-east, occopied the most eastern position of the three. The general trending of the north coast ofAmerica was west and east, but opposite to the Coppermine River was situate, separated from the main by a narrow strait, a vast island extending through 20 degs. of longitude ; similarly, opposite to the immouth of Back River there was on the west a comparatively smaaU island, very imperfectly explored, called King William's Land, and on the east there was a long tract of land extending 2'50 miles, consisting of a peninsula to the south and an island to the north. The peninsula and island were divided by a narrow strait, called after the gallant Frenchman who perished-Bellot's Strait. The peninsula was called Boothia, and the island NA-as called North Somerset. Now, on each side of this long peninsula -and he begged their lordships particularly to attend to this-there were two magnificent inlets or arms of the sea, from 100 to 250 miles broad, and running from north to south from Barrow's Strait - that to the west was called Peel Sound, and debouched on the south into Victoria Strait, at the southern extremity of which lay King- William's Land and the estuary of the Back River; that to the east was caUed Prince Regent's inlet, and it terminated in Boothia Gulf. In the year 1854 the Hudson's Bay Company sent before oien of their most intelligent and adventurous Arctic travellers to explore the west coast of Boothia Peninsula described, situated to the east of the Back estuary. When he arrived in Pelly Bay, which was near the bottom of Boothia Gulf, he obtained from various Esqurimaux whom he encountered there certain particulars relative to the fate of Franklui and his companions. The story was to the effect that about 1850 a party of about 40 gaunt and starving men were seen dragging a boat over the ice to the north of King William's Land, that they ivent down the west coast of that island, and aftersvards perished near a great river. !Now,had not this story beenconfirsed by the circumstance that these Esquimaux were in possession of various relics of the expedition, which. Dr. lice brought home, it wouldI have been placed, as it well deserv'ed to have been placed, on a par with various other falsehoodis told by these Esqitimaux dluring the progress of this search. Not one of these Jiquimnaux who told the story had seen any of the 40 mnen. Dr. Rae was at one time within 50 m-iles of the scene of the alleged catastrophe; but, unhappily, though lhe had ample means at his command, he returne-d home without visiting it, resting astisfied with information. obtained at third-hand from the Esquimau3, a deceitful race.- -Neither the Governmentnor public were satisfied, and ittyas an important point in the case that they were not satisfied. Another land expedition went out in. 1855 under.Anderson; they descended, the Back rivet- hut they could obtain no interpreter.; they were only provided wvith birchi barkc *canoes, too frail to live in the open sea ; and the-y weie sutppored .v o sipldenwit suplis ad able to overawethe naties.Tlsyreurndwihsccerlic, bt with noadditional infrmaionof mpotane, xcet-tatthese 40,men, with ~ lrgeboa, hd atuilygrrvedwitinthe estuary of the Back nd prishd thre. uch as te present state of tVme qsietio, ad sncethattim th Adiraty had been in valig importuned to finish the good work they had begun. Aaother expedition was advocated, pon &guments bhich seemed unanswerable, to himself and others. It was sait that theclue wasMnoiw-fonid of hichi e had bensolongrin search; that the danger waS nlow 'tight, becse the ares of research Ivas limited to a co'mparatively mil diitrict, situate between-the 68Sth-and 72a-degree&'of-pl&eW of latitude, and the meridias of 95 and 100 degrees weet, a region almost wholly unexplored; that even now, late as it was, aship-might be got ready by the middle of Asftlt. which might be directed to enter eithierPeel Sound or Prince Regent's Inlet, sccording as the one oi the othenirasmost free from ice; and after she hid -penetrated as far south as possible, walkig parties might be detached from her to the scene of the catastrophe, distaut prebxblY about 400 miles (and walks of 1,200 miles had: been made); or that if the approach from the west was preferred, Captain Collinson had' imdertaken' to take a ship within 150 miles of the spot by that -rote. It had been shownthat only 40amenEoutofl35had beenaccounted for; thatas the seItlements of the Esquimaux were certainly reached, as evidenced by their possession of thel relics, some of the men so unaccounted for might yet be living domesticated among these tribes; that nothing had been found but a few forks and spooas and other trifles - that the boat party had not been traced. back to the I ships; that the ships had not been founa; that *hey remained possibly intact, frozen up and abandoned near King William's Island; but thiat, even if broken up, inasmuch as by the invari -able prActice of Arehic voyagers jonrnals and scientific records were kept carefully in tin cases, then at least some portion of them might be discovered. It was a great mistake to suppose that the interests of science were in no way concerned in sendin- out another expedition. In the first place, the scene of the catastrophe had been scarcely at all explored, and in the next plae, it was a great object to recover the magnetical records, for magnetical observations made within the Arctic and Antarctic eircles were peculiarlv valuable in reference to the theory of magnetism. Now, as a very perfect set of magnetical instruwents WaS supplied to Sir John Franklin's expedition, and they were consigned to the charge of officers of high -cientific attainmnents, who received a special training in their use, the observations made, therefore, wvere likely to be very valuable. Then, supposing such an expedition on other grounds to be deemed exxpedient, what an opportunity it offered to some of tnose gallant members of the naval profession who had been thrown out of employment by the war, and were disappointed that the w&T had yielded such few opportunities of distinction. In conclusion, the noble 'lord said that a further expedition was recommended in a temperate memorial, signed by inf'uential and well-informed men of almost every gradeand profession, and advocated by distingunished Arctic navigators, who supported their opinions by facts and reasoniogs wvhich carried conviction home to the minds of men accustomed to estimate the bearings of doubtful evidence,-that such an expedition would furnish employment for gallant officers - that it might lead to the recovery of lost scientific records of great value; that it might gratify the longings of attached and mourning relatives, and especially of a widowed lady who had made great sacrifices on behalf of her heroic and lamented husband; and, above all, that it would carry out to its legitimate solation an important problem in which the honour of England was largely concerned, and which had excited the curiosity and interest of the whole civilized world. (lear, hear.) Lord STANLEY of ALDERLEY said, although nothing was more natural than that such should be the strong desire of the friends of all engaged in the expedition, which reflected so much honour upon the English name, and also of persons interested in the scientific results wlhich might be expected from the recovery of the documents supposed to have been left by that expedition, yet other considerations must be taken into aceount before another Arctic expedition was despatched. (Hear, hear.) His right hon. friend at the head of the Admiralty was of opinion, that, at all events it was much too late to entertain hopes of organizing an expedition this season with any chance of success. His right hon, friend was, however, fully disposed to take into his most serious consideration in the recess w-hether it might be desirable to do so; but he would submit to the noble lord whether they ought to incur the responsibility of risking the lives of brave men for such an object. As long as an3 hopes remained of rescuing our brave countrymen from those inhospitable regions many strong reasons might be urged for fitting out another oxpedition; but when the only object was the obtaining further details and information, it was matter for grave consideration before the Government undertook such a responsibility. (Iear, THE CRIIEAN BOARlD OF INQUIRY, The Earl of LIUCAN, in moving an address to Yfer M-Aiesty for a copy of the report of the Chelsea Board of Officers, said,it was a matter of regret that he found hinself compelled to ask fronm their lordships that justice which he could not obtain from the Minister of War. It was impossible to question the fact that it was the fixed purpose of the Minister of War not to present to Parliament that report during the present session. The noble lord began to be exceedingly entertained, and he could promise the noble lord more amusement before he conduded. (A laugh.) It was the fixed purpose of the Minister of War to withhold that report from Parliament and from the cmuntry. Such a coumae of conduct appeared to him so be so inconsis-tent with common justice, that it was difficult to understand the feelings which dictated it, or the boldness and assurance which could support it. Unquestionably it had been in every mouth for a long time that it was not the intention of the noble lord to present the report. He thought the answvers which the noble lord gave to his question in that house left it vithout doubt that such was the intention, and his fir.m belief was that, unless he could prevail upon their lordshins to agree to this motion, justice would b2 denied to the officers ofthearmybythe wvithholdingthereport. In order to prove to the House that he wvas not wronging the noble lord in making that statement he would mention his reasons for doing so. Upon the first occasion when this subject was mentioned, the noble lord stated that the report had not at that time reached Her Majesty, and that, in consequence of the unfortunate iDness of the Commander-inChief, it was doubtful when it conld be produced to the House, as, after it had been laid before Her Majesty, it would have to undergo the consideration of the Government as to what course they would recommend upon it. Upon the next occasion the noble lord admitted that he had been misinformed, and that the report had been laid before Her Majesty, vith whom it still remained, as the evidence was not presented with it, and Her Majesty required to compare the evidence with the report. He (the Earl of Lucan) hoped to learn noxv when the report realy reached Her Majets hands. The noble lord by his statement had-no doubt unintentionally-given ground for an inference that Her Majesty was, to some extent, a party to the injustice which the withholding of the report inflicted upon officers whose conduct was referred to in it. It Nvas of course quite impossible to entertain such an idea of Her Majesty, and unon the noble lord the Secretary for War must rest the wliole blame for the non-production of the report. The noble lord had said that he mnst read over every wvord of the evidence before he could advise the Govemnment upon the subject, and in that case there would be little chanuce of the report being laid before Parliament during the present session. The course adopted by the noble lordin regard to tho original report of the Crimean Commissioners was in striking contrast with that whichi he followed upon this occasion. The Crimean Commissioners' report was presented with so much precipitancy that it had not even been referred to the Commander-in-Chief for consideration, and even the noble lord himnself admitted he had not had time to resd the evidence. That report had only been sigised within the last three or four days of January, and it was presented to Parliament on the 4th or 5th of February. Upon that occasion the noble lord had shovwn as much haste in presenting an inculpatory reporlt as he now displayed reluctance to produce an exculpatory document. He(theEarl of Lucan) knew no more of the reDort made by the Board of General Officers than any one in that house. The noble lord might smile, but it was the fact. He, however, did know every w ord of the evidence which had been given, and had the most perfect confidence in th.e honour and justice of the officers forming the board. He therefore declared boldly that he wvas convinced that all, or the greater number, of the animnadversions which had been levelled against certain officers had been pronounced by the board to to unfounded For himself he had little anxiety upon the matter, for Colonel Tulloch, after summing up his case, camne over to him (the Earlof Lucan) and said that, had the commissioners not been misled by the evidence given in the Crimea by Colonel Gordon and Sir R. Airey, they would never have said one word to his disadvantage. When his accuser so handsomely and generously acquitted him he could not but feel satisfied that the report, so far as concerned himself, must be exculpatory. He wished to make one remark w;ith regard to the mode in which the Judge-Advocate had conducted the in. quiry at Chelsea. That learned gentleman appeared to assume rather the position of a director of the board than as its adviser. What character he assumied during the deliberations with closeddoors, of course, he (theEarlof Lucan) could not say. That gentleman was a colleague of the noble lord's (Panmure), and that was a circumstance which had given rise, no doubt unfairly, to a suspicion that during the deliberation ho might have been more impattient in drawoing up the report than the nob le lo-ld wias in presenting it. [Lord Campbell made a gesture of dissent.3 The noble and learned lord might shake his head, but that idea did prevail. Lord CAMIPRELL apologized for his gesture, but observed that he could not avoid expressing surprise to hear a judicial officer accused of unfairness. The Earl of LUCA2N thought it was repugnant to all ideas of justice that in a political inquiry a political partisan should be the adviser of the Court. A review of the proceedings at Chelsea made it clear that-the administration of military affairs required consideration, and he hoped that the next session -would not pass away without the attention of that House bein- called to tbe ofiice of Judge-Advocate, the functions of that officer, his tenure of office, and the mode of procedure befGre military courts which he did not hesitate to say was at present unnecesBaily tedious. EIe believed it had been stated that the report could not be presented to Parliament.because the appendix had not been printed, but eveu if that appendix was necessary-which he did mot believe-the documents included in it had been for tivo months in the possession ofthe board He thought he could not be chatged with any undue haste in bringin this question before Parliament. The report had been suned 14 days; 11 days had elapsed since it. wa3 laid:b for :Wer Majesty i this was the 1lth of Julv, and in the course of another week, the presenf session of Parliament woula be brought to as close. Entertaining, therefore, as he did, the conviction that the Minister; of War would mot produce this re,por. to-the House -unless.their lordships expressed an opinaon on the subject, le hoped be should mot be considered unreasonable in calling poi- the House to mapport his mnotion. (HfeaLr, hixr. } The noble earl eonciudd-by mnoving "that a humble addres bepre-- rented to Her Miajesty, praying HIer Majesty that she wrill - be graciousy pleasedto give direcitons that the repot bf the Chelsea Beard ef ffiei -belaid WEa°p the ta6le of this house." Pod FANNU -I;ilink a -Tery few f&a* liill cs to Ehow to your lrdahipe the ntt n 1e b1es i-oi- address to which youS° '7e 3j eiieud mi *hi the i ole earl complains of my tkiention tO Withiold jutice -fron Linaa-ponthisoccasion. ThenoUleealseems tortthewhole of his statement to this Hoeus lsiox apprehengions for which there is no foundation whatever. let 7!s jut trae the course of these proceedings ai-mexaine the ocnduct of -bha noble earl with referenoe to fhem. On the 7th of`uT u1tji report was first presented to oe Queen. Ona the fol=w. ing day the noble earl deuinded- from me when it -would be laid before Parliament. I said nothing'om that occasion to justiry him in comning to the con. clusion that I was- aveme fibrom aSing thege pociedings before Parliament. Isanittedthe reasonableness of the, anxiety felt by the noble eal on hs own account, andein the part of the officers v/hose cae had been referred to the Chelsea Board. All I claimed upon that occasion was time'for the consideration of that report before it was delivered. The report wvas presented inmanuscript to the Queen onthe 7th of July, and every page in it referred to the proceetings which were not delivered to Her Majesty before the 9th. The 10th intervenod. Iate on the evening of-the l1-h I reeived thet report and those proceedings from Her Majesty, with a desire expresed at-the same time that sheL should receive the advice of her Cabinet on the subject. On the 12th I laid that report before the Cabinet. The 13th was Sunday. On the evening of tha 12th I sent the report to be printed. It was retuniec? to me on the 15th, bein' a paper which occupiied some 39pages of close print. Tbis as tho 18th, and pnor to the day it was delivered to toe in print I instructed the Under-Secretary of State to answer a question on the subje.t in the other house, and to say that it wouid be laid upn thev table as soon as possible. My collegues and myself have, between the 15th and-the present day, perused that report. We have not yet advised Her Majesty wth respect to it, but between this and Mlonday we shall tender that advice t> Her Majesty, and I cannot conceive why the noble earl should infer that it was not intended to lay the report uponthe table before the rising-of Parliamnent. On the contrary, it is my intention on Monday to lay that report before Parliament, together with the procecdings and the appeadix, as t.ay which I cannot unaderstand why the noble earl should assnue that it had not been printed, for I never gave him the slightest; grounds for such suspicion. With respect to the proceedings of the noble earl, it seems to me that he has been trying to fix upor. me sorne personal intention of withholding justice from him and the other officers. Now, I can assure the House that no such intention has ever existed on my part; I beg most distnctly and most positively to deny it. (Hear. The noble earl says this hasbeen a political inquiry. Now, there never was an inquirv nore remote from politicaa cmsiderations. (Hear, hear.} This wasa military-judicial investigation, demanded bv the officers themselves, and re. ferred to other officers of as high character as any in Her Majesty's service, writhout tho smalest reference to their poli. tical opinions. In fact, my lords, I think if the political opoDniOS of that board were inquired into they would rirobably be found far more in consonace w ith these of the noble earl than with those of the Government. (?Hear.) Because, however, the Judge-Advocate-General ws, in his official capacity, the adviser of this military board, that, forsooth, is a reason why the board should assume political character. Now, I can answer for it that there was not an officer upon the board wlho would for one moment breathe the saspicion so readily adopted by the noble earl, that that public Eervant, in the discharge of his judicial duties, allowed his political opinions to influence any of the advice which he thought it necessary to give. (H ear. ) It is insinuated that, during the time the doors were closed, and when the public were excluded, the Board umayhave received some advice from Imy right hon. andlearnedfriendwvhichprecluded thenroduction of that report in the iirst instance to Her Majesty. Nowv, I said on a former occasion that in the conduct of this inquiry we had followed, as nearly as possible, that which took place with rceard to the Convention of Cintra. In sonne respects we have deviated from that precedent, but such deviation has only led to a more speedy solution of the matters in hand, so as to enable this report the sooner t> reach Parliament. I find on referring to the proceedings of the Cintra inquiry that the report was delivered to the King abouit the 22d of December, and, as far as I can gather, it was not laid before Parliament before the 31st of January. A considerable time, therefore, elapsed beforethe report was. presented to Parliament after it had been submitted to the King. The noble earl has contrasted the delay of a fortnight since the Present papers reached the hands of the Govermment with the imnmediate production of the reporb of the commissioners upon which the Chelsea inquiry was founded. But the report of the commissioners sent to the Crimea and the report of this military board are very different matters, and were dealt with in a very differentmanner. As to these commissioners sent to the Crimea to inquire into the facts upon wlhich they reported, there can be no question that they were eant bv the Government. The Government announced to Parliamuent that they hal despatched that commission, and they gave Parliament. distinctly to understand at the time that, as soon as the report was made, it should be presented to both Houses. In this other instance, however, there were various forms. to go through, and these forms having been comnplied with, Irepeat that, so far from its being my intention to withhold from Parliamnent the result of the iniquiry int-usted tothe Board of General Officers, it is my intention to present that report to both Houses on lMonday next. I again beg the nob e ear to believe that I have bean animated itroughout by no wish to do injustice either to him or to the other gallant officers whose military character was, to a certain extent, to be adjudicated unon by the Chelsea BoardL Under these circumstanees, Iseenio reason whatever why the noble earl shouldmove for an address to Her Mlajesty for the production of thesepapers. (Hear, hear.) The Earl of DERBY thought, after the statement of the noble lord, that his noble and gallant friend would consider it unnecessary to press for an address. The noble lord had promised that the report should be presented to both Houses on Monday next, and it was not therefore at all desirable that this discussion should be protracted. He only wisbed to say that, tkough not himself present on the two oecasions when the subject had been referred to in this house, he understood from what had passed that his noble and gallant friend would never have brought forward this motion if he had not believed thenoble lord opposite didnot intend to present these papers before the recess. (EHear.) That being the case, he thomught his noble friend, wvho was naturally a nxious for the production of the report, was justified in moving an address for its immediate presentation. HIowever, as a promise had been given that the reportwould be laid on the table on Monday next, he advised his noble frienid not to press his motion. After a few words from Earl BseArcn.tMP, which w ere not heard in the galery, Lord CAMPBELL said, that as the noble earl (the Earl of Lucan) had stated that that able and hon. fuictionary, the present Judge-Advocate, had misconducted himself during the investigation in question- The Earl of LUCAN explained that he had never rmade such an imnputation. He admitted that be expressed an objection to the Judge-Advocate, in a political inquiry, acting as adviser to the board; but he never said mnore, with regard to the Judge-AMdvocate, than that it was just possible that he had shownu no more an.xiety in hastening the drawing up of the report than the noble lord opposite had showvn in producing it. Lord CAMPBELL believed that the Judge-Advocate had conducted himself with the utmost possible ilnm1artiality. The motion was then withdrawn. ENCUMBERED ESTATES (IRELAND) BILL. On the mnotion that this bill be read a third time, The Marquis of LA\SDOWNE expressed his opinion that the object ofthe imieasure was of a most useful character. As a person connected with Ireland, and aware of the difficulties which this -measure had had to encounter, he wvished to state that nothing could exceed the zeal, ability, and personal courage with which these ceommissioners had executed the important task intrusted to them. More had. been done by this new court in six years than had been effected by the Court of Chancery durinig the suace of halfa-century. One ninth -cart of the whole country of Ireland had changed hands nithout any blemish or fault in the pi oceedings, unless it were in one c.ase only, u- here the value concerned was 25L. Not less tha3n lS,0,OOQOOO. of money hali been awarded, out of which sum 15,00Q,0OGl. had been aetua!lv received. As an Irish proprietor he felt deepDly indebt-d to the commissioners for the manner in which they had discharged a great public duty. The Marquis of CLANICOADE viewed the bill vith great x-.gret, for though he admitted that the law, which the-present measure was intended to continue had done great gnod to Irelan d, yet it -was an exception a and temporary mneasre. The nrinclple on which such a ineasure ought t-, be founded wu a t the law shonld be made per- imanent. There wfas nothing exceptional now in the state of Irelan,d, wvhich at present en joyed gre.at order and presoserity. Be .should have preferred a totally different hill, wshich wiould have continued the court- for a time sufficient tot enahis it to wind up all ihe business.in which it was at present engagoed, wfhich he believed w-ould ocenpFy it from a year amid a-half to two years, and he would not aLow any adtSi' -nal petitions to be presre-ted to the court as at present eW!' a;ituted. He hadno heditatlon in saying that; one-thfrsa ,>i te property which had been lately bought in the Enc;.:-nfibered Estates Court had l>een paid folr wvith borrowved mrnioay, and cases had come to his knowle'dge in which net a single shilling of the purchase money nad teen put down by the buyer, .who had been compeled to borr.o an,nn ai as nmg a intres as S e i o h on aLndahmd p2Slt as hi2gh anilterest V2s8 per cent. for the loan. If tbis were so, it clearly defeated the object wihlich t-le bill was intended to accomDplish. With respect to the practice ad procedure of the court itself, he admitted that on the ,whole the court and those who presided over it deserved the thanks of the public; but he could not agree in the unqualified approbation which had been expressed by the noble marquis who had just sat down. There were not wanting iustances of considerable impertance to prove that the court was not altogether faultless; while in matters of minor details there had been an irregularity and uncertainty -not to use the more popular expression. Capriec-w-Mich were perhaps incidental to a courtso hastily and so im- n?erfeotly constituted, but which nevertheless wvere incich to te reretted. The fact was that-the re estates of Ireland required a ermanentlaxwands a-permanent court to deal with them, and he hoped that the Governm ent wNol-ld give anassurauce thnat 2t2S early a perieda?osib'le they wouild introdasce a mneasure of that nature. - The LORD CHANCELLOR admitted that thme principle of haning a exceptionAli court as extrmev obj-ctionable, and said tht-, acting.upon that -view, the - verunent huAd antroducemat the omnumenoement 'of the session a corrprehetnsive neasure, one objectof which hrad been to muake the courtper petus, e t. extending its jurisdiction to all estates in1ivlaad- $htitneasare had 'een introduced into-the otaher-House-of Parliasnent,xby whbich it had been referivd to a select coninitt Great siffernne of opinion prevailec in theimonsiitee, and 'lereault was thtthe disaro>ed the permanent aature of fthe tribunal tha wasto he 'ooa etituted, .sanl ; he beieeld t judge of the
HOUSE OF COMMONS, FRTDAY, JULY 18. The SpExcEuR took the chair at 1 o'clock. INCOMIE .AND L&ND TA-XES BILL. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved that this bill be read a third time. Sir H. WILLOUGHBY wvished to know what would be the effect o' the bill on the salaries of the collectors of the mcomne-tax ? There was one officer in the city of Londo,n who received not less a sum than 6.7001. odd a-year; others received 5001. and upwards. He ualderstood the intention was to secure 5001. a-year to those persons. He apprehended the effect of the bill would bh greatly to increase the expenditure in the shape of salaries. Mr. SPOONEE did not understand the meaning of one of the clanses of the bill. It appeared to hinai to guarantee to those who might not receive as much as 50)01. a-year out of tue poundage a sufn which should make up that amount. But what he wished to ask was whether the same amnount would be so guaranteed when the reduction of the incometax should take place ? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, he had not with hini a list of the salaries paid to the differeat collectors, but, according to the best of his recollect:on, the salary of the collector to whom reference had beh-n made at Dresent amiounted to between 6.00)i. and 7,0001. The effeat of this bill would be to reduce his salary to about 3,0001., out of which sum he would have to pay certain expet,-es. Although that would be a considerable salary, yet he did not thinik it would be an excessive one. It was not intended by the biU to increase the salary of any person nOW eng.aged in the collection of this branch of the revenue. T;e provision more particularly referred to was introduced ;n o.der to prevent a vast increase of salary; but if the effect of reducing the poundage to ld. should be to lower the salaries below 500l. of those who now received a higher sum, it was certainly intended that the amount of 5011. at least should be secured to those parties. In point of fact, the object of the clause was rather to prevent a reduction of salary below a certain amount than to increa-e it beyond that amount. With regard to the question of the hon metnber for North Warwickshire, as to what would ba the amount of the salaries of tha collectors when a reduction of the income-tax should take place, he confessed that his hon. friend looked so far into futurity that he could hardly answer him. At the present monient the question was not one of any practical importance. But should the provision as now drawn not have the effect of placing the salaries of the officers on a proper scale, it would, of course, be his dutv to consider whether it would not he necessary at some future titne to introduce a provision to meet the exigency of the case, and prevent any undue increase of the salaries. Mr. MACKINNON, having paid some attention to the land-tax as an impost, must say that, in his opinion, such a tax ought not to exist, as being levied by the Government, lout that a considerable benefit -would arise to tbe country and to private individuals if a general redeitoption of the Sand-tax were to tatke place under the authority of P.arliament. It appeared that in April, 1708, Mr. Pitt, when much straitened, for money, proposed that the tax should he redeemed. The proposition was not sanctioned at the time by the House of Commons, but in tne present day such .a measure would, he thought, be both bene6cial to the ecuntry and satisfactory to individuals. What was the present state o' the case? The land-tax produced a revenue of about 1,400,0001., out of which 33,0001. was deducted for collection. If sold, say at 24 years' purchase, the income-tax, at ls. 4d. in the pound, would be saved. If the proprietors were allowed the preference for the first six months, and after that period the public were allowed to purchase, many ibenefits would arise, and he could not see any loss or any inconvenience to either the Goverwment or the public. A reduction of 24,000,000!. would be made in the national debt, and secure investment for trustees of settled property would ibe laid open to tbe public. At this season of the year, and at the close of the session, it was scarcely necessary to enter into the subject, but he hoped that early next session the Chancellor of the Exchequer would allow a committee of the House to enter into a full consideration of it. Mr. FRENCEr observed that this biU had been brought in Tor the purpose of giving relief to persons in Scotlanid who were at present charged with the payment of the land-tax; andl he thoughl that similar relief ought to be extended to Ireland, especially as the poor rates were exclusively borns Jby the occapiers of land in that country. The CHIA NCELLOR of theEXCHEQUER said, the hon. gentleman labonred under a mistake. The effect of the bill was not to impose a tax on the landlords, aor was the relief it afforded exclusively given to the landholders of Scotland, bsut the same privilegea would be enjoyed by the landholders of Ireland. Tho bill was then read a third time and passed. STAMP DUTIES BILL. This bill was read a third time asld passed. RACE-HORSE DUTY BILL. On the motion that this bi}l be-read a third time, The CHAICELLOPR of the EXCHEQUER, in answer -to a question by Mr. W. LOCKEART, said that the presen' law imposed a duty of 31. 17s. upon all horses kept or used for races; and the judges had expressly decided that the ease of yeomanry horses, though only b-uters, if used as racers, did come strictly within the purview of the existig law. It was, however, the Dractice ofthe Revenus Deparement not to chrge the duty on those horses, or on any 2iorses which were not properly speakingrace-horses The bill was read a third time and passed. COASTGUARD BILL. Oa the motion that thisbill be read a third time, Sir H. WILBLOUGHBY asked what would be the amount of increased expense incurred by the bill ? Sir Cl. WOOD said, he had already ttated that when the rhole systetxcontcmplated by the Government should ba 1 rought into full. operation 3 very considerable increase of expense would be incurred. The formation of a large naval ieserve was a most important national object, and the country must be prepared to bear a great expense to accomplish that object. But during the present year he did not expect thsat anyl'arg expense wonld be incurred. sInfature the Coastgusard service would be a purely maritime service, and the vote for wages and other expenses would be taken by the Admiraltg, but for thepresent year the sum which had already been voted for the Customs would be sufficient to. pay as many men as he could expect to raise before next year. The bill was then read a third time and pasied. The Corrupt Practices Prevention Bill, General Board of Health CcntinuanceBill, and Militia PayBill were severally read a third time and passed. CURSITOR BARON OF THE EXCHEQUER BILL. This bill was read a third time. On tho motion of Mr. STrAR-T WORTLIY, a clause was I added to the bill, giving power to the Court of Exchequer, or to the Chief Biron of the Exchequer, to direct how the duties of Cursitor Baron should in future be performed; and the bill passed. The Lunatic Asylums Act Amendment Bill and Marrina.e Law (Scotland) Amendment BiU 1 were read a third time and passed. The amendmaen's to the Mercantile Law Amendment Bill were considered and agreed to, and, certain other amendments having been introduced, the bill was ordered to ba read a third time on Monday next. The Stoke Poges Hospital Bill and the Dulwich College Bill were read a first time. 'I he sitting was suspended at 2 o'clock. The House resumed at 6 o'clock. Petitions were presented, by Mr. W. BROwN?, from the 3Mechanies' Institution, Crieff, praying for the early adoption of a decimal system of coinage and accounts; by Mr. J. C. EWA.RT, from the FinancialReform Association, Liverpool in favour of a permanent finance committee, and suggestin that the annual financial accountg should be made up to the 31st of December in each year; by Mr. HEYWOOD, from inhabitants of Over Darwen, in Lancashire, against the Yaccination Bill; and from the Kent and Sussex Unitarian Christian Association, for an inquiry into the authorized version of the Bible; by Ur. SPooNER, from Gresham and Hockham, Norfolk, against military bands on the Lord'sday; by Mr. KiNeDAnL, from the medical officers of the St. Colomb Major Union, in the coenty of Cornwall, praving for a redress of their grievances; by Mr. GREGbose, from clerks to attorneys and solicitors at Lancaster, praying to appear as advocates in the County Courts; by Lord HoTHvnta, from Kilnwick-Juxta-Watton, Yorkshire, East Riding, against the abolition of churchrates; by Mr. T. DuN-co-BE, from the inhabit nts of St. Luke's, Middlesex, against thb- Dulwich College Bill; and from Bloomsbury, for the daily opening of the British Museum ; by Mr. G. DuSD. nS, from the parochial board of BAtlgate, county of Linlithgowv, praying for amendmiient of the existing Poor Law, relative to bequests made to Kirk Sessions; by Mr. IW. D. SEYurouR, from cl-rks to attorneys and soliI citors at Kingston-upon-Hull, praying that they may have the privilege of appearigo as advocates in the County Courts; by Sir R. lEEL, from the medical officers of the Tan orth Union, praying for a redress of grievances; by M1r. PCooTT, fron the medical officers of the Bradfield Union, Berks; also from the physicians and surgeons of the borough of Reading and its viciniity in favour of redressing the grievances of Peer-law medicai officers; by Mr. TITE, frora the inhabitants of Lyncombe and 'Widoome, and other parishes in the city of Bath. praying the House to enact a lawv to equalize the rating of the several parishes in Bath; and by hir. A. PEr.L,Ar, from Sonthwark, Mfarylebone, Paddington, Nottingham, Derby, Sw ansea, and WVorcester, against the recent alteration in the maritime law. THE GOOD-CONDUCT PAY OF SERGEANTS. Mr. PELLATT asked the Under-Secretary for War, whetlher it was the intention of the Government to grant to the sergeants of the army, while serving, the good-conduct pay wbich they were in possession of at the time of their pronsotion to the rank of sergeant - Mir. PEET, said, that tbeWar-office were disposed to allow sergeants tfo receive while serving the good-conduct pay which they had previously earned, and a correspondence had taken place on the subject between the War-office and the Horse t'uards. There were difficulties in the way, but the matter was under consideration. TIlE SITE OF SMITHFIELD-MARKET. Mr. KER SEYTMER asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer, whether it wvas the intention of the Governmenit to give effect to the first recommendation of the Smithfield Site Comimittee-viz., That the best appropriation, for the general benefit, of so mauch of the site of Smithfield as reverts to the Crown, would be to adopt it for the enjoy. ment and recreation of the public '" The CHANCELLOI' of the EXCHEQUER said, that no final decision had been come to on tlse point, though the Government were disnosed to carry out the recommendation of the cominissi-,ners. It would be necessary, however, to eouter into comtiuniication witlh the corporation on the subject; for although the Government coniceived that a part of the site of S:nithfield cattle-market had reverted to the Crowvn, that was not admitted by the corporation. THE REVIEW AT ALDERSHOTT. Mr. VERNON asked tho Under-Secretary forWar whether he would have any objection to furnishareturnof theexpense incurred in cozsveying memnbers of both Houses of Parliament on WVednesday last by railway to Farnborough station, and providing refreshment for them at Aldershott ; and also a return of the nmieber of tickets issued for that occasion by the War Department, so that by an easy arithmetical calculation any member wlso wished to pay his own expenses might ascertain whiat they were? (A laugh.) Mr. PEEL said there would be no objection to grant the return. The whole espense had been very small, nob exceeding 2601. TEE LAND TRANSPORT CORPS. BMr. Mr. CHANIBERS a;ked the Under-Secretaryfor WVar whether the sause gratuity awarded to the men of the Army Works Corps, on their discharge from the servica, wvould be given to the artificers of the Land Transport Corps ? mr. PEEL said,the two corps stood on a differeist footing. The As-my Works Corps had been engaged under a special arrangement, with a promise that they should receive this gratuity, but the Lamsd Transport Corps were enlisted like all other ranks in the army, were attested, and received a bounty. THE BRAZILIAN- SLAVE TRADE. MIr. BPRA MLEY-MOORE asked the FirstLord of the Treasury whethor lie had any objection to lay on the table of the house copies of the re_ent correspondence on the subject of the slave trade, betwvman Her A)lajesty's Minister (Mr. Jerningbama) and the Government of Brazil; and also copies of any correspondence on the same subject between the Brazilian Minister and the British Government? Lord PALMIERSTON said, there would be no objection to lay the papers on the table. That part of the correspondence wliich had taken place before March would be given in the ordinary course in the papers relating to the slave trade for this year, and the remainder in the papers for next year; but there would be no objection to give t in a com plete form as far as it had at present gone, according to the hon. member's desire. SOUTH WALES HIGHWAY ACT. Sir G. TYLER asked the Secretary of State for the Home Department, whether, in consequence of the several miemoTials presented to himi from highway districts in Glamorganshire, poinf.iig out various difficulties those boards had to contend with in carrying out the provisions of the South Wales Highway Act, andprayingthe samemight beamended, it was the intention of the Government, either in this session or the comumencement of the next, to introduce any measure for the purpose of rendering the South Wales Highway Act more just and efficient? Sir G. GREY said, that the act affected several counties, but, as only one had complained of its operation, the Government had not thought it necessary to consider the expediency of introducing a measure to amend it. THE DTJLWICH COLLEGE BILL. Mr. T. DIUNCON1BE asked, whether the Govermnent intended to proceed with this bill, which had only that mornng come down from the BLords, tkis session? It would meet with considerable opposition in that house, and it:was too late to refer it to a select commitv-ce. Sir G. GREY said, he was not aware that any serious objection was intended to this bill, but if there were any such intentiou it would, perhaps, be better not to proceed with the bill during tlio present session. ([lear, hear.) He would communicate on the subject wvith his right hon friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, who had charge of the bill as one of the Charity Coiumissioners. MERCHANT SEAMEN. Mr. RIDLEY asked the Vice-President of the Board of Trade, whether it was contemplated to introduce next session any measure for establishing, under proper organization, a new fund for the relief of aged and disabled seamen of the merchant service who were not entitled to relief from the fund to which the act 14th and 15th of Victoria, cnap. 102, applies? Mr. LOWE replied that the Board of Trade had no intention to introduce any such measure. RUMOURED AFFRAY BETWEEN GERMAN AIND BRIT[SEa TROOPS AT ALDERSHOTT. Sir IT. FERGUSSON said that it had been reported that a serious affray had taken place at Aldershott between the soldiers of the German Legion and some British regiments, and he wished to ask the hon. gent-leman the Under-Scoretary for War whether this had been the case, andl whether the disturbance had been attended with loss of life;- and, also, -whether the regiments of the Gerrman Legioni were intended to remain miuch longer quartered with British troops? Mr. PEEL said that he had rece-ved no intelligence of such an affray. PUNISHMENT OF FRAUDS. 3Mr. ROEBUCK asked the Attorney-General for Ireland whether he intends to propose any amendment of the crinminal law to meet the defects pointed out by him in relation to the Tipperary Bank case. Air. J. D. FITZGERALD replied that, the Tipperary Bank case having disclosed the existence of a very great defect in the criminal law, owing to which mere frands might pass unpunished, it was. his intention early next session to introduce a full and complete measure which would, he hoped, meet all cases of fraudulent appropriations. THE ARMY. It having been moved that the Ho-use, at its rising, should adjourn to Monday, Colonel GILPIN rose to ask the Under-Seretary for War what were the intentions of Her Majestys Govern meat with regard to the Foreig,n Legion ? It was provided kythe ic under whiC;hihese troops wrere rasied that they aiould remain in England only for tradning and drill, and aiudnot be empoyed in any of tAe duttio irhiieh British troops and militia d;solu.rgod is.countrv_ The_Govera" n ent ought to avail itseHf of thc ealiest opVortunity of disbanding this forcea, of the ex1ense of mamtaining which the country would be very glad -to be id, The horses of the cavalry might be employed to mount or orwn dragoons, whom he had been surprised to see marchlir) past their Sovereign on foot, while these foreign troopg Xver` all well horsed. Colonel NORTH begged to ask the hon. gentlemain (3r. Peel) whether there was any truth in the report that o0llcnrs who had not served in the army three years and were about to be reduced would only receive a gratuity, instead of halfpay. He admitted that, underthe Warrant of October, 154, the War-office had wower to make such an arrangement, hut he submitted tSiat the services of these young officers, among whom there were 40 or 50 captains, had been such as fully to entitle them to their half-pay. Sir D. L. EVANS rose to inquire what requital was intended to be made for the services of the chaplains in the army ? He would take this opportunity of expressin his cpinion thatsome information should be given as to what ,as to be done with the Foreign Legion. It was originally promised that these troops should remain in England only to be trained for warlike operations. Some months had now elapised since the conclusion of the peace, but no preparations appeared to have been amade to fulfil this promise by disbanding the legion. No estimate of the probable or the actual expense of the foreign troops had as yet been laid before the House, bat he had himself made some calculutions on the subject, from which it was to be inferred that these 14,000 or 15,000 foreigners would cost the country betveen S00,0001. and 900.000L more than British troops. (Hear.) True, the House had granted tothe Government the means of raising about 50,000 militia which were not erabodied, and 40,000 troops of the line, which, though they were much needed, the Government had not had the ingenuity to raise, and it was possible that the money voted for such purposes might now be available for the payment of these foreigners ; but surely some statement ought to be made upon the subject before tl:s termination of the session. (Hear, hear.) He begged to ask the First Ninister of the Crown what were the intentions of the Government as to the retaining or disbanding of these troops ? Lord PALIERSTON.-I must, in the first place, pro. test against the practice that has been growing up of late in this house of hon. members getting up and asking the Government wlhat is their intention upon this, that, and the other matter. (Laughter and derisive chees.) Nlo doubt there may be subjects of sufficient importance to jstify prospective inquiry, but I apprehend that, speaking gene. rally, the position of the responsible advisers of the Crown in Parliament is to be responsible for wlat they do, and that they are not called upon to take this House into their counsels in regard to what they are going to do on every small matter. (Laughter.) In reply therefore to the hon. and gallant officer, I beg to observe that what we are going to do with respect to the disposal of the German Legion will, I trust, when done, be found perfectly consistenit with law and propriety. (Laughter.) More than this I am not prepared to say. (Laughter, and cries of " Hear.") Mr. ROEBUCK.-I beg to call the attention of the noble lord to this significant fact, that when we ask what the Government are about to do we are met with the objection that we are too early, and when we venture to inquire what they have done we are told that we are too late. (Laughter.) Major REED inquired whether it was intended to dismiss wvith two months' pay the acting assistant-surgeons. many of whom had during the late war rendered iinportat services in the field, the trenches, and the hospitals. Such treatment would be unjust, and altogether unworthy of the cauntry. (Sear.) Mr. PEEL observed that it was unnecessary to add anything to what had faller. from the First Miini.ster with respect to the disposal of the Foreign Legion; bat he would say a few w ords vith regard to the reduced officers and the acting assistant-surgeons. According to the regulations of the army, no officer was entitled to be placed upon permanent half-pay unless he had spent fully three years in active service, but if an offlcer chose to sever himself from his profession, and to suirender the prospect of beinlg agaia employed, he would be allowed to receive the value of his commission. (Hear.) W7ith regard to the acting assistantsurgeons there had been no breach of faith, for when they joined they were given to understand that if they were not brought upon the medical establishment in the conrse of the war they shonld receive not more than two months' pay on leaving the service. He could not hold out any hope to those gentlemen that it would be in the power of the Government to alter the present arrangement. LOSS OF HEIR MAJESTY'S SHIP BIRKENHEE.D. Mr. GOBDONN asked the First Lord of the Treasury whether he would take into consideration the propriety of erecting, in the chapel of Chelsea Hospital, or elsewhere, some permanent memorial of the galant and self-devoted conduct of the officers and men lost ia Her Mfajesty's ship Birkenbead on the 25th day of February, 1852. The hon. member observed that it nmight be asked why he raised such a question at a period so long after the event to which it referred. His answer was, that it was not an unfitting time for us, now that the war was happily terninated and we all evinced ourgratitude to the army which fought and suffered for us in the Crimea, to recognize services which, though of a peaceful character, were universally admiitted to be as briUiant and distinguished as any recorded in our country's annals. The circumstances connected with the loss of the Birkenhead must be so fresh in the memory of aU that it would be unnecessary for him to make any but the most passing allusion to them. The vessel-a large troop ship-was employed in carrying to the Capo of Good Hope the draughts *sf various regiments, to the number of 600 men, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Seaton, and she sailed from Queenstown in the month of January, 1S.i2. On the 25th of February the disaster occurred which called forth that display of gallantry and self-devotion to w hich ho wished briefly to advert. There were on board the Birkenhead, in addition to tl-e soldiers, a nuniber of wvomen and children and sick persons. The discipline exhibited by the troops while the vessel was going to pieces under their feet was snost remarkable. The only boats available were filled with the wvomen and clildren, and sent off from the ship's side; sO that the officers and soldiers, remaining on deck, deliberately deprived themselves of their only means of safety, and, calm and motionless, awaited the sinking of the vessel. Their noble conduct was well described by 6aptain Wright, one of the survivors, who, in a private letter, said that all the officers received their orders and had them carried out as if the men were embarking, instead of going to the bottom; that, indeed, he never saw an embarcation conducted with such an absence of noise anid confusion; that there was not a single cry or murmur fromn any of the men; that just before the final plunge, a suggestion having been made that all who could swim should jump overboard and join the boats, the officers begged themi not to do so, because the boats were filled with women and children, and must inevitably be swamped if their living freight were increased, wheni the men replied by a cheer, and only tbree of them attempted to reach the boats. (Hear, hear.) This act of cool hieroism, wvhich had been estimated at its full value, not in this country alone but abroad, and had done much to sustain, and even to raise, the high character of our anny for unflinchingdiscipline, was beyond all praise. This result was inagreat measure duetotheeffortsof Colonel Seaton, who was certainlv no ordinary man, and whose rare talent for gaining the affections of the soldiers under his command and nioulding them to his w.ill had trained these men, most of whom were young and untried levies, to face danger and death with unshalen fortitude. (Hear, hear.) An equal meed was due to all the other officers and muen present on this trying occasion. (Hear, hear.) The youngest officer of the regiment to whom life was full of hope and promise, trod the deck by the side of his commander with as firnu a step, and looked upon the ghastly horrors of death with as msuch bravery and composure as those who hadhbeen longestinured to peril. (Rfear. ) Hie (Mr. Gordon) did not tbink it too late to mark the country's acmse of the discipline and heroisni of men who had thus calmly sacrificed their lives to save othes, and he therefore beged to put the question of which he had given notice. (acar, near.) Sir G. GREY said that every one acquainted with the circumstances just described by his hon. friend must fully concur in the feeling tribute which he had paid to the gallant and devoted band of British officers and men who lost their lives on the melancholy occasion of the wreck of the Birk}enbead. This act of noble daring, performed by men who were not inspired by the incentives or surrounded wvith the glory and excitement of the battlefield, but under circumstances in which there were no approving eyes to see them, deserved an equal measure of admiration and gratitude with the brightest achievements in our military history. (Hear, hear.) With these sentiments Her Miajesty Govern ment were certainly prepared to take into consideration the propriety of erecting some permanent memorial of the description referred to. (Hear, hear.) REFORMATOBIES. MIr. A. SMITHE asked the Secretary of State for the Home Department whether he could state, before the end of the session,the amount he was prepared to allow for the support of juvenile criminals in certified reformatories ? Mr. BOUVERIE replied that his right hon. friend (Sir G. Grey) had addressed a communication to the Treasury on this subject; but no decision had yet been arrived at upon it. MAGISTERIAL DECISIONS. Lord RAYNIIAM asked the Seretary of State for the Homo Departudent whether a magistrate could legally reverse his own decision afrer it had been pronounced in court? No answer was given to this question, the right hon. baronet to whom it was put being prevented by the rales of the House from speahng more than once on the same motion. NATIVES OF THE DANUBIAN PRINCIPALITIES. Mr. OTWAY said that, some vears ago, several gentlemen of high character belonging -to the Danubian Irincipalities were banished from their native country without having been previously brought before any tribunal, or condemned foranyoffence. If they had really been guiltyof any crime, itwasoneinwhichthiscountry hadlargelypcrticipated -viz., Oposition to the protectorate p reposed to be exercised ever the principalities by Russia. TIo case of thesepersons Ivas laid before the conferences at P'aris, and, as a commssioner had been appointed fortheprincipalitics, he (xr. Otwa) -wished to knowY whether the Government would give istructions to that gentleman rwith the view of ameliorating the condition of these individuals and es-hUng themn to return to their own countryv To enable Ithe nobba lord (the FirstMinis;ter) to answer this questIon, iE so dispoeed, hmebegged to move} ~ an amndajezs t4teAv m,motion before them, that the House, at- its rising, adjourui till to-mnorrow (this day). ("1No, no l1) Tho SPFAKER intimated that suclh an amendment wsra irregular. Mr. LABOUCHERE was prepared to answer the hon. gentleman's suestion. The case of these natives of Mol- dania and Wallachia had been brought under the notioe of the Conz0ess at Paris. It was still under the consideration the vernment, who hoped that an aangementwould ce made by which the parties would be enabled to return to teir own country. The amenaiment wa^S tihen withdoranj. THE BANE CHARTER ACT. Mr. TITE rose to ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer whether it was his intention to institute any inquiry, by way of committee or otherwise, in the next session of Par- asment, into the commercial, monetary, and financial ODSration of the Charter of the Bank of En land, and of the P!rtments of banking and issue respectively, under the Proviions of the act 7th and 8th of Victora, c. 32. It wil te in the recolection of the House that at an early period of the session the hon. member for Kendal asked the Chan:. cellor of the Exchequer whether he intended to propose the appointmentof a committee to inquire into the operation of the Bank CharterAct. The right hon. gentleman replied that, as the country was engaged in waLr, and as loans' were then being raised, the time w&s ill chosen for a discuscussion on the .subject; but he admitted that there were portions of the Bank Charter Act which required careful consideration. The Chancellor of the Exchequer added that at the proper time he would be prepared to go into an inquiry on the subject. It was reported, however, that the opinions of the Government had undergone a change; thatthey werecontentedwiththingsasthey were; andthat although,ifany hon. membermovedfora committee,they were, ready to afford him all the facilities in their ower,itwasnot their intention to originate a proposition, gwme apprehensious were therefore entertained in the commercia world that an inquiry would not be instituted into the operation of the Bank- Charter Act which was passed in 1844. According to the provisions of that act the Bank Charter might be revoked after the 1st of August, 1855, upon 12 mouths notice being gven, and he thought it most undesirable that a oody Ike the Bank of England should he placed in a position of such uncerthinty. It appeared that since 184 the fluctuations in the value of money had been greater than they were between 1819 and 1844* and from 1844 to the present time there had been no less than 44 different rates of discount. Such a state of things n-as very inconvenientto the oommercial community, and it was desirable to ascertain whether it was attributabue to the Bank Chartcr Act or to other causes. Thn hon. member concluded by putting his question. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUlER replied that early in the session he was asked wvhether it was the intention of the Government to propose the appointsnent of a committee to inquire into the operation of the Bank Charter Act of 1844. He then stated thatwhile a war was in progress, and while various pecuniary operations were incomplete, he thought it would not be convenient to initiate an inquiry on the subject. Late in the session he was asked whether it -was his intention to propose the appointnient of a committee, and he replied that, looking at the advanced period of the session, and thelengthened inquiry which wouldbe necessary, he did not intend to make such a proposition; but he also st.ated that if any hon. gentleman nsoved the appointment of such a committee, and the proposal received the support of the House, he, on the part of the Government, would offer no objection. No such motion, however, had been made; and the only ansver he could give to the question of the hon. member was that the subject was one which the Government had not yet considered with reference to the proceedings to be taken next session, and consequently that they had not arrived at any decision. The motion for the adjournment of the House was then agreed to. THE SADLEIR FRAUDS. On the motion of Mr. ROEBUCK a return was ordered of copies of the informations and warrant against Mr. James Sadleir, and of the bills of indictment, if any, found against him, and of the names of the witnesses and finding of the grand jury thereon. Thehon. and learned member gave notice that he would on Monday move that Mr. James Sadleir do appear in his place in that hou.e, preparatory to mov-ing on Thursday that he be espelled the flouse. CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY BILL. On the order of the day for considering the Lards' amendmeents to this bill, MIr. BOUVERIE said he proposed to move that the House should agree to the amendments. The first four amendments had reference to various provisions in the bi?l respectingthe constitution of the electoral body of the University,the powers of the commissioners, and the right of voting in the University. Those amenduments were comparatively unimportant, and the only important amendment was one in the 44th section, which really consisted in the restoration of the words of the clause as it stood when the bill was introduced by him intothat house. The clause originall proposed to give to persons who were not members of the churchof England, and who had hitherto been excluded from taking degrees, the right of taking degrees and all consequent privileges, vith the exception of votes in the senate. The hon. memnber for North Lancashire (Mr. Heywood) proposed an amendment, which was adopted, and wbich conferred upon persons who were not members of the church of England, not merely the right of taking degrees, but of voting in the senate, and so enjoying a share in the government of the University. The other House by a very large majority, exceeding two to one, had struck out that aumendment, or rather had restored the claitse to the form in which it originally stood. He did not think. there was any reasonable probability that the 11ouse of Lords would agree to any modification of the amendment, and he would therefore propose that the House should agree to the Lords' amendment, whicn, he believed, was the most that could be get. He maust say, looking to the feeling which had often been exhibited on this subject in the other house, tlat he thought the Lords had made great concessions of opinion in agreeing to the clause as it at present stood, and he hoped that House wvould be disposed to meet them in the same spirit. On these grounds he moved that the House do agree to the Lords' amendments. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HEY WOOD moved, as an amendment, that in page 16, clauise 44, after the words " entitle him to" thera shotild be left out the words "be or to become a member of t'he Senate," and that the following should be inserted: - " Take any part in those proceedings of the Senate which direct the course of study, and determine the books p: e- scribed for the examination in church of England theology." While his object was to give to Dissenters the right of admission to the Senate, he was quite willing that when the subject of theology was brought forw ard only those persons shonld tatke a part in the proceedings who declared themselves members of the churCh of England. He regretted the course which the lords had taken on this bill, as the ameliorations he asked for were in entire accordance with our national policy. The unisuccessful w.orking of the Oxford University Act afforded or.e very strong reason why they should not in the present instance agree to the Lords' amendments. It was supposed, when that act was passed, that the university would adopt a snore modern and liberal system than before; but, so far fronm that, bigotry and intolerance had swelled at Oxford to a degree far higher than they had ever done in the days of the o'(l oligarchy. (Hear, hear.) The sameecclesiasticalspirit raigrned in Canibridge, and they might expect the same resuits. The constituent body in Cambridge did not exceed 2 hl gentlemen, of whom 154 were clergymnen of the church o. England, and even of the 50 remaining probably oneh lf intended totake holy orders, so that not more than 21 of the nuniber could be regarded as laymen. With such a constituent body they coald have no difficulty in guessing what would be the system of government in the university. He contended that it was humiliating to Dissenters to allow them to take degrees vithout sharing in the rights and Privileges which those degrees ought to impart. (Hear.) No harm could accrue either to the church or the State by the admission of Dissenters to the Senate, especially when he provided that they should take no part In theological examinations. Mr. BOUVERIE, who rose amid cries of "Divide," said, there was one practice in the University of Cambridge which he thought they might imitate Nith advantage on the present Gceasion, as well as on many others-viz., not to deliberate, but merely to vote. (A laugh.) The hon. member for North Lancashire did not now propose to give Dissenters votes for all purposes; but. being pressed with the difficulty of allowing them to take a share in directing the theological studies of the university he wished to make them piebald menmbers of the Senate, havinu votes for one purpose but none for another. Now, of the three proposals wvhich had been made, that was decidedly the worst; and, believing that three-quarters of a loaf was better than no bread, he hoped the lRouse would agree to the Lords' anmendments. ( "Divide !") Mr. T. CHAMBERS, who was received with renewed c:alls for a division, thought the proposal of the hon. member for North Lancashire was a fair compromise, not open to very serious objection. The House then divided, when there voted- For Mr. Hoywood's amendment . ... 71 Against it ... ... .. . ... 92 Majority ... ... ... ... ... -21 The House then divided on the question that the Lozrs amendments be agreed to; the numbers were- Ayes .9 .. ... ... ... ... g0 Noes ... ... ... ... ... ... 73 Majority . ... ... ... ... -17 The remaining amendments were then agreed to. CIVIL SERVICE SUPERANNUATION BILL On the motion for going into committee on this bill, Mr. WALPOLE appealed to the Government not to' proceed with this bill. The evidence taken beforethe committee to which the subject had been referred, and the reslutonsat hic thy hd arivd, ad not yet been laid before the House, and, under these circumstances, considering that the bill affected the interests of alarge n,umber of public servants, it wrould hardly be right to proceed wit.h the bill this session. Mr. STAFFORD hoped the Government would withdraw the bilL It wvas not of so pressing a nature that it could not stand over until the next session, and he believed that those who were affected by it would prefer that course. He would therefore appeal to the noble lord opposite, who had so often conceded the point of not proceading with bills at this late period of the sesion (hear), to withdraw this bill for the present. Colonel NORTH thought that the best course which the Government could take would be to withdrmw the bilL Mifr. ROBERT PALMER, as a member of the committee, appealed to the Government to withdraw the bilL The civil servants, he was afraid, woild be mnore disstisfied With this bill than with the existing state of things. It was net presing, and could be left till next session without incoanvemence. MIr. T. CHAMBERS also supported the withdrxwal of the bill. Mr. ROEBUCK could not see what other course w left to the Government but to withdraw the bll as the evidence and the report of the committee were not before the House, It time subject waa worth being eat tq a oon- ^w-mttc,e itwsworthengwel con uat.presenttha Mouse was positively not in a position to pronounce an OpLs,ozLpqu the question. The C (zIA2 LOR of-the EXCHEQUER _ 1:r1Y , the session I obtaiiav.leave to bring in a billpron the subject of the superannuatliol allowances of the civil service. Biy the consent of the Roume that bill was referred to a .select committee, wfhich had 4u11 power not only to consider the. bill, but also to invetigate the whole syeTe Iof superannuation in the civil -service~ it being kinown that Igret complaints wrere made by a cnsideni~be portion of the, civil service of the principleupon whbich the fapeu thons were calculated, snd especially of the provision by which annual deductions are made from the salries of alI1 persons who have entered the civil service since 1 , which deductions are conidered to be made -with refereuce to the E superannuation allowance prescibed by the act. The jcommittee ntered very ftillY into the queetion, and tney came to a conclusion differing from the principle on which the bill is fmed. The 3gree to reoommend the abolition of annuda deducz tions, but at ths same time recommended that the salrries of existing civil servants should be reised, -with a view to theirreduction by an am nt corrsponding -ith the manual aba tement. This principle m been erri ted upon the bill and some other alterations isve been made affecting the sale of superuanuation pensions ad other subjects, so that the bill as it came out of the coi iittee differs in vey material respects from the bill as it wsproposed at the b;eginneng of the seon. I quite feel that it would not ho fair to ask the i ouse to enter upon the consideration of thiLs question ithout its beng in possession of the detailed evidence which bas tasen mipon vrious sof the subject,hespeially upon the qnestion of the annual abatements from fslaries. I quite reoize the ur. portanceof the subject, wmhiniomnteriwyih ects not onlyethe feelings, butealso the eficiency of the civil serice, and I feel that it would be improper for me toforc the consideration of the bill upon the House if they consider its *rnost. -ponemenltdesirable. (Cheers.) lam aware that the hillas modifed is not acceptable to the civil serv nts, but, remiembering the extent to which the bill ws modified by the committee, and considering myself rher as the orgfn of that com mitte e than as the o wiginator oE the bill, I felt bound to lay it before the Hiouse. (Hear. As it appears from the opinions wlhich hve been expressed by hon. members that it is the wish of the bouse that the mneasure should not be proceeded with at present, I have no hestation in withdrawing my motion for its committal, and moving instead, that the order should be discharged. (Hiear, hear.) ir. S. FITZGERALD said that his recolle_tion ofr the recommendatiors of the select comnmittee with reogard to the amount of abatement differed from its purport as stated by the right hon. gentleman. His impression was, that int astt intended that there shonld be a uniform rate of deducton. Sir F. BARITC suggested to his right hon. friend the ChancellorofotheEExchequer the desirability of pursuing the inquiry into the fairness or unfairness of the rate of deduction hitherto made, w hich had been intrusted to two eminent actuaries, but had been suspended from a desire not to delay the consideration of this bi]l. Sir S. NOsTEdIOTE expressed his concurrence in the course wshich had been pursued by the right hon. gentle. man (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) in withdrawing this bil!. Lord MONCE; said that the member of the committee who moved the recommendation as to abatements expsessly stated it to be his intention that, as a general rule, the salaries of civil sernauts should all be reduced in thze same proportion, bnt he wished to leave it in the pow er of the Government to consider special cases. He therefore used the word ' abatement" instead of " reduction." Sir H. WILLOUGHBY understood the committee to recommenrd that the fixing of the amount of deduction should be left in the hands of the Government. LEASES AND SALES OF SETTLED ESTATES BILL. The House went into committee on this bill. The varions clauses having been agreed to, AIr. HADFIELD brought up the following additional clause,which he proposed should he insertedaft_r clause 19viz., "'The Court shall not be at liberty to grant any application under this act in any case where the applicant, or any party entitled, has previously applied to either House of Parliament for a private act to efiect the same or a similar object, and has not obtained such act." Mr. MALLNS hoped the committee would reject the clause, becamse it sought to exclude one individual from the benefits which this measure would confer on all the rest of lHer hajesty's subjects. The object of the advocates of this clause-although theyhad not the manliness to avowv itwas to restrict Sir T. AL Wilson in regard to his Hampstsai estate; and the words proposed would reach that gentleman, and that gentleman only, quite as effectually as though they had specified hibn by name. The circumstance that Sir T. Wilson had applied for a private act rnd been refused it w, as seized upon as a means of fixing him, a proceeding no hess arbitrary or capricious than if they had hit upon that gentleman's suature, and declared that no inanof that narticularheightshouldenjoythe advantages of this bilL (Alaugh.) The covert design of the clauise was, no doubt, to protect the public against the enclosure of Hampstead-heath-a thin", if possible, to bo avoided; but, if the heath was common land it could nbt be enclosed; and if it were private property, vwhich it was desirable should be kept as it is for the use of the inhabitants of the metropolis, let the public purchase it. Certainly nothing could be more unjust than that Sir T. Wilson, merely because he had an estate in a ve-v a"reeable situation, should be deprived of the power over ft -hich aU other owiers of land wTere to he permitted to exercise. This hill,although one of the very bighest importance, had Passed rapidly through the House, becau.ceits benefits wrere tobhe extended without distinction to all Her 2sajesty'ssubjects;and wby,at the last moment, was the discussion to be enbittered and the impartiality of the measue blemished, by the invidious exclusion of one individual? The property of Sir T. Wilson was not built upon because, by the will of his father, he bad not the power of granting leases; and when he alpplied toParliamenttoconfer that privilegeuponhim,itwas denied by reason of a prejudice respecting the enclosure of Hampstead-heath. That privilege would be extended to him in coimmon with every other proprietor by the provisions of this bill, unless this objectic.nable clause wero livefled against him. It was a delnsion to suppose that this proposition would protect the public. Sir T'. Wilson was not a very young man; he was the tenant for life, and, in the coiurse of nature, would soon be succeeded by the tenant in tail, who could easily obtain the fee simple, and then snap his fingers at their endeavour to prevent him from granting leases. Lord R. GROSVENOR thought there was no danger that that House wonld be brought into collision with the House of Lords by the adoption of this clause, for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Brougham, Lord Campbell, and Lord Derby entertained no objection to its principle. He helieveJ, therefore, that if the clause were sent up to the House of Lords they woulnd be willing to accept it. The hon. and learned in ember for Waliingford seemed to imagine that bis (Lord R. Grosvenor's) constituents vished to infiict an injury upon Sir Thomas WiLon by obtaining his property for less than it was reaUy worth, but he could assure the hon. and learned gentleman that they uvere dlesirous of paying its fair value. Arrangements were now in progress wnich he (Lord R. Grosvenor) hoped might lead to the purobase of the Property upon just and equitable terms. (lHear, hear.) All his constituents objected to was, that the House should, by pawsing a retrospective measure, give a fictitious value to the property in question. (Hear, hear.) He hoped the Solicitor-General would assent to the adoption, of the clause. The SOLICITOR-GENBERtA said that, when a similar bill was introduced last session, he u-as informed that strong opposition would be offered to it because it would afford facilities to Sir T. Wilson to accomplish objects which he had previously been unable to attain. He (the SolicitorGeneral) Was, however, enabled to allay the apprehensious ihich were felt upon the subject, and he stated then, as he would state now, that, while he entertained the stron"est objection to the introduction of any clauze in a public bill which amounted to a prritvieglmn in the case of a particular individual (hear, bear he knew no reason why any particular individual should be exempted from the operation of such a measure. He stated, also, that if the House of Oommons approved the principle that propositions which Parliament had deliberated upon and rejected should not be reviewed by a court of justice, that principle should ba embodied in the bill, and that any member wrho supported such a principle ought to be able honestly, candidly, and sincerely topledge himself that he believed the principle a just one, and that he did not advocate the introdaction of the clause with the view of accomplishing aisy remote or sinister object. The notion that this bill would give Sir T. Wilson the opportunty of doing what he had hitherto been unable to do was altogether idle and unfounded. H ampstead-heath would not be in any danger if the bil were passed; but, if Sir T. Milson had any private property adjoining the heath which he could not now lease for building purposes, he would be enabled to apply to the Court of Chancery for power to grant such leases. Why should the fact of Hampstead-heath being adjacent to Sir T. Wilson's property deprive him of this right? There might be many other cases in which applications had been made to Parliament, and such applicationshadbeen referred to the judges; for, vwhen a private estate bill was proposed, it was generaly referred to the judges for their opinion. and if ths judges had reported againet -uch applications, and they had afterwardsbeenrejected byParliament, hethought it reasonable that the quesEion shiould not be reopened. If hon. members were of that opinion, then they might vote for the insertion of this clause; but, unless they could oonscientlously say that they supported it on that ground, the clause ought not to form part of the bill. (Hear, hear.) In any case he thought 'the clause coid rot stand ai it vwas proposed by the hon member for Sheffileld; because it simply rested on the fact of a bill having been brought , andjnot obtained. The clause, if inserted at al, ought, instead of the words, " has not obtained such act," to read ths-"and such application has been rejected on its merits, or has been awarded against by the judges to whom the bill may have been referred." He hoped, however, the bon. member for Sheffield would not persevere in the clause. He did not believe the Court of Chancery would ever grant an application that had already been adjudicated on -by Parliament through the medium of a referenc, to the judges. (Hear, hear.) fr. WIGRAIM thought that, if the provisions of the bhM were right, they should not be swaieid by the circura- stance that they might possibly affect the case of a particular individual- (Hear, bear.) The object of the bill wAs to subetitute applications to the Court of Chancery for applications to Parament, and, though he approved generallyof the bill, he knewr the difficuilties wFith which such apications to the Court of Chancery were bestetdifficulties which rendered it almost impossible for the juldgato come to a sound judgmnentregarding hem. He wrould, therefore, vrote for thed3umse, should the hon. gentle-. mnan press it to a division. I{r. 3ALINS said, the question Wa brought to a very parrow-issue. The House of Lords bad given up their legee, nd onsented to -est them in the Court of ela- ey nd te point was, would the House of Cosmuons do Alta fewr wrords *ronm Mr. W£CsitixR(, W. , r id, li hOut gaad 1e*4fi..d (K. aliais)did not Ythogenesleecroftl clause, bat argued it solely oathe ground of its-aWaJ tion to a gentleman w hose name had been. driwn ato th debate. Everybody, however, k tewhai the application , the clause would De mnch wider. These EstaeS Bills Z"riavs' rejected by the House of Lord, aud the cl%uae wrould a;pij. t any suchcase. (Hear.) If he thoughtitcoul, affect some ae tivid Y onlythe d wouldnothave hir sapport, but it Wa a Ieneral clause, as the Solicitor-Geueral had dearly showistothe eouse. fitcausedinconvenienee te A orB, It could i9t be helpedc It had been whusperect about, though it could zot of course be true, that this bill would never have been hecd of had it not been for the re.- jection of a private bilL (Har, hear.) Suda things waere said, but no one of-course could beliereit, (Alaugh.) Ho' hoped the clau, as amended )iy the Sslicitor-Genera4, would s assented to by the Hosa (H-u.) Sir W. HEATICOTE wrs satisfed with the Astaeme' of the Solicitor-Generzl-that there woed be no danr of the Court of Chancery, within a short *me, grantingr U application which had been refused by Paz%ment. It wWr a monstrous proposition to maintain that, bwuse a person' kad at any time in bis life apPlied to PAiOeniat for- private hiil, and been refused. therefore he shodld for ever: afterwards be precluded from applying to the Court of Chancery, under ageneral act, although circun-stam might haveentirely ch&nged. Such a limitation, if adoptOd, Yigbftoften defeat the object of the bill. If any doubt were entertained as to whether the Court of Chancery would or would not, immediately after the passing of the bill, reversw any decision to which Parliamnent had already a-e, then, no doubt, a restriction as to time might be introduced; but if the Solicitor-General felt soesfident, as he had professed himself to be, that no application unrder the came circumstances vould be granted in oneplac which had been refused in another, there could be no good reason. for adopting the clause. lr. BARROW mmintained, notwittstanding what had been said on the other side of the house, that in dealing with this question they could proceed upon general prin- ciples. He lnew nothing of tho individual to whom alI}- - sion had been -made, nor, so far as he was aware, had be ever been on Hampstead-heath, unless, indeed, he hal passed it on the top of a ma.il-coach many years ago. He therefore felt Do personal interest in the matter one way or the other, but, upon general principles, he held that Parlitment hsd a right to lay it down as a rule that, havig itself already refused an application for a private settled estate bill, no inferior authority should be at liberty to reverse its decision. (Hear, hear.) Circmastances could not possibly vary, for the circumstances upon which Parliament had a - cided in any givencase were those in which tLe p-operty had beensettled; out, supposing thatachanseofolrcumstancesdid take place, to whom should a renewed application be made ! Surely to the persons who had decided in the first instance. They were the parties to whom the aDeged change of circumstances should be submitted, in order that they might have an opportunity, if they thought fit, of altering their decision. (Hear, hear.) Upon these grounds he was prepared to vote for the clause. Mr. NAPIER remarked tfat the arguments which had been advanced in favour of the clause, if sound, would be fatal to the principle of the bilL But he was not aware that any person who had applied to Parliament for a private bill, and been refused Was thereby debarred from making a second application. Where Parliament had refused it would be proper, generally speaking, for the Court of Chancery to object also; but, if it were right to empower that Court to deal with one case, why should it be Prevented from deciding in all? He regarded the biU as one of great importance. It was to extend to Ireland; and in that country he knewramany properties which could not be used with advantage on account of the limited leasing powers. He shovld vote against the clause. Mr. HADFIELD thought that the amendment proposed bythe Solicitor-General would bea great improvement to the clause, and he would, therefore, adopt it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WIGRAM suggested that the hon. member shonlcl also add to his clause:-" And -where no material alteration in the circamstances under which such bill was refused has since occurred." Mr. HEADLAM said, that the more he listened to the discussion the stronger became his objections to the clause. If they could not trust the Court of Chancery they ought not to pass the bill. (Hear, hear.) Sir D. NORREYS did not believe there was a single gentleman in the house with the exception, perhaps, of the hon. member for Nottinghamshire. who was so simplea.inded as not to see that the real object of the clause was to deprive one individual of the right of using his property a he pleased. They wished to preserve Ham pstead-heath, but were in reality preventing Sir Thomnas Wilson fromx using another property at least a mile from the heath. The committee divided, when there appeared- For the clause ... ... ... ... 54 Against it .. ... ... ... ... 42 Majority ... ... ... ... ... 29 The result of the division was announced with cries of "Hear hear !" The words suggested by the Solicitor-General were thenr inserted in the clause, and the clause was added to the bill On the motion of Sir J. SHlxLLEr, the following clause was also added to the bill :-"Notice of any application to the Court under this aot shall be inserted in such newspapers as the Court shah direct; and any person or body corporate, whether interested in the estate or not, mwy apply to the Court of Chancery by motion for leave to be heard in opposition to or in support of any application vwhich may be made to the Court under this act; and the Court ishereby authorized to permit such person or corporation to appear and be heard in opposition to or suppost of any such application, on ouch terms as to costs or cther. wise and in inch manner as it shall think fit." On tbe motion of MTr. HADFiIzsD, the words " or as tenants in commozn" were inserted after " succession," in line 5, clause 1. The preamble was then agreed to, and the House resumed. HOSPITAlS (DUBLIN) BILL. The bill, as amended, was considered. YICE-PRESIDENT OF COMMITTEE OF COUNCIL ON EDUCATION BILL. The House went into committee on this bill. Sir G. GREY proposed to fill up the blanl; left for the salary of the vice-president with the sum of 2,0001. Tie vice-president would be a member o' the Privy Council, and by analogy with other offices it was thought that the salary ought to he 2,000'. a-year. iMr. HENLEY thought that, under the circumstances, the salary was enormous. (Sear.) When this bill was brought in the Government had an Education BiU in the other House of Parliament, and there was an extensive scheme in that house proposed by a noble lord (J. Russell) which, if carried out, would have required constant supervision of extensive machinery at head-quarters. That large scheme and the smaller scheme of the other House bad equally miscarried, and there was no occasion to set up an expensive Minister wvho would only have to discharge a moderate amount of duty. Sir G. GREY said, it was desirable this office slould be filled by a person of some official experience, and, having regard to the amount of other salaries, he did not see how a lower amount could be proposed. Mr. HENLEY wished to guard himself against expressing any opinion as to the amount of salary. fie directed his observations against any salary being paid at all. (Hlear.) At this late period of the session, when so many memubers had left town, there was no opportAnity of discussing the notice in a full House. The bil had been for many months on the paper, andthere did not seem now to bh so much plospect of the national syStem being adopted as there was lS months ago. A s no inconvenience wvould result in the recess, he should prefer to have the subject stand over. (HIear, hear.) Mr. HAIDFIELD would like to take the sense of the committee upon the suggestion of the right hon. gentleman. Her would move that the Chairman report progress; and if he did not succeed in that, he should subsequently move that the salary be reduced to 1,0001. The sum of 2,0001. a-year wvas enormous when they considered that a County Coar. judge would only receive 1,5001. Lord PATMERSTONT said, the objection oE the hon. member was quite in conformity with his general opinions, but they ought to recollect that, although the measure was proposed by the Govermnent, it was pressed npon them in the strongest possible manner bypersons on both sides of the House. There was nothing in which a greater degree of assent appeared, and if the House concurred in any vote which should have the effect of rejecting the bin it vould be entirely at variance with what was understood to be the strong opinion of the majority of its members. (Efear, hear. M Not merely this session, but last year all parties had urged theimportance of someofficial person in the house being specially answ erable for m-tters connected with education. He hardly believed theHousewould now reversethe opinion it had expressed on several former occasions. The hour (11 o'clock) was not too late to allow hon. members to state their views, and he certainly must resist the proposition of the hon. gentleman. Mr. HEYWOOD was aware of the enormous quantity of worlk which devolved upon the President of the Council and the Secretary of the Education Committee, and believed there would be ample employment for the new officer whom it was proposed to appoint. HIe also thought the appoint. ment of slay vice-president, to representin that houseothe secular view, would be an advantage, as tending to diminish the ecclesiastical supremacy which at p recent pressed upon the cause of education. The Oxford Commison w ould expirein ayea r,andiwas desirable to have some authority to attend o the proceedings of that University. Mr. I'EWDEGATE said, the reaons asigned by the hon. member for Lancmshire for supoorting the bi were exactly those-which would induce him (Mr. Newdegate) to support the amendment of tho hon. member for Sheffield. He foresaw great disadvantage to the cause of education from the appointment of an officer who would be chauget xith each succeeding Government, and thus lead to a vaciLlating and unoerWin system of education. Sir G. GEY emarked that the members of the Committee of Council of Edaucation at present consisted wholly of members of the Government, who vried with each change of Administration. Sir S. 1NORTHCOTE supported the bill, but thought the salary preposed was too large. He conceired that 1,5001. would be an ample salary. The committee then divided, when tbhre appeared,- For reporting progress ,. Against it ... ... Majority ... ...61 Mr. THORNElYsnovea$Mt the asay be 3,2001. on)y. He did not think that it ought to be greater thMVa,6.i salwies of such officer as Conty Court judges. Mn. HADFiELD suqpe te IA aendment. Mr. XIOWBRAY iagged Ahat-it S-ahuld be 1,SOO? Sir G. G RlEY it edr e &At thie offlO, should be held b a pn of d l Xirze, aid forthatreason it hadeen thought rqu it ,to name ,0 6. The hill, huwvejrd -nsAflih - 1 tbatm mt1,brib;
Miss NiGHTmlALL,.-The Nightingale fund, according to the annonncement of the committee, pro. ceeds satisfactorily. It now approaches 35,OOOf., of which 30,000i. are invested in Government securities; it may, therefore, be considered a success, and, in so far as Miss Nightingale is concerned, is " a prateful recognition of her services"} on the part of the gritish people. The object of the fund is, however, t;vo. fold; the committee desire to accomplish that which is of essential imlportanice, to enable that admirable lady " to establish an institution for the training, sustenance, and protection of nurses and hospital attendants." To do this effectually the sum cannot yet be deemed sufficient; the committee continue their laboursinorderthat itmay become so, and witlh the confident hope that at no very distant period large number of nurses may be trained and educated i, and certified from, the institate to supply superinten. dents in all the hospitals of the kingdom, to attend in private families, or to minister to the sick poor. They do not, however, consider it necessary to make any further peblic apapesenbut are working chiefly by the aid of provincial conittees, desirous not of large, but of small snms, such as may demonstrate sympathy, and yet in the aggregate reach suich an amount as may he ample for Miss Nightingale a--hess s'ae returns to EAngland to carry Oltt all her plans. FsoaxEmcTrtos.-The writ for the election of a representative of this borouagh, in the room of Visconnt J)cngarvan,S now Earl of CorkandOrrery, has been received. The nomination has been fixed for Monday next, and the wllim will take place on the foHowing day. The contest betv-een M1ajor Boyle and Mr. Donald Nicol is expected to be very close. EuLECTrros oF Tni BiSHOP oF GLOCESTI A£ND :BRLSTOL.-At a mee'ing of the Dean and Chapter of Bristol Cathedral, held jesterday mornin, in pursuance of Her iMajesty's consgd d'di5, the Rev. CharTe Baring, M.AL, was elected to the vacant see RofGlocester and Bristol. The proceEiings, like all chapter meetings, were strictly private. A B3AEOZNr ow THE STAGE.-On Monday night Sfr Williim Don, Bart-, made his appearance at the Thieatre Itoyal, Mancbester, in one of the lasti -newv dramatic productiorss, the Etiil Genius, from the pen of Mr. Backstone, if we aze rightly informed. Sir william, on his first appearance in Manchester some few years ago, was evidently aclose imitator of Bucistone. Absence from his model has w,ronght an improvement, but therm is still the same Buckstone twang, and the movements of his original. The eccentri_ baronet, hoever, is by no imeans destitute of 6iijinaltalent; his acting is easy and-natutral, and free, to o. great extent, from a36ictation and stage conventionalism. -0onciiester Guardian.
LONDONY. SATURDAY, JULY19, 1856. In the House of Lords last night, after a conversation between the Duke of ACtGYLL and the Marquis of (LANraC:-nDB on steam conmunication with Ireland, Lord WriorrasLay asked if the Government intended to send out another Arctic expedition in search of Sir Jonr FnAtbinx , and expressed an opinion that suchan expedition, recompended, as it had been,by a memorial numeroulsly signed byscientific men, w,ould be a proper object for the attention of the Governm ent. L Iord STAxNLEY of AiDBBIBEY replied that it was not at present the intention of the Government to send out another expedition to the Arctic regions. The Government would consider the matter during the recess, but now that all hope of saving life vas over as regarded SirJoniiFAi.nssn;S and his companions, the advocates of a fresh expedition must remember the heavy responsibility which would rest on those who sent it out. Lord LucAw moved an addrcss to the CROW\N for a copy of the report of the Chelsea Board of Inquiry, and, in a speech of considerable length, defended himself, and aceused the JuDGE-ADvoaATB of partiality. Lord PA munn resisted the motion as unreasonable. The report would be laid before the House on Monday next, and was now in the printer's hands. Nothing could be more unfounded than the charge of political partisanship brought against the JUDGE-AovocATY. The Earl of DiRBY hoped that Lord Luc-?N would not press his motion after the explanation afforded by LJord PAicE.a After some further discussion, the motion was withdrawn. The Encumbered Estates (Ireland) Bill was then read a third time and passed. Some other business was also despatched, and their Lordships adjourned. In the House of Commons, at the morning sitting, on the order for the third reading of the Income and Land Taxes Bill, Sir H. WnLouGsBY inquired what effect the bill would have upon the salaries of the collectors of the income-tax; and MJr. SPooxxa wished to know whether the same amount of salary would be guaranteed to them should the tax be reduced. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCvEQUER explained that the effect of the bill wouId be to reduce certain salaries, bat to prevent their redaction below 5000l. when it was now above that sum. After some remarks by Mr. Mscam-xox and Nlr. FnmTcn upon the subject of the land-tax, the bill was read a third time and passeTd. Various other bills passed the same stage. On the third reading of the Coastguard Service Bill, in reply to Sir H. WiLLOuGnDY, Sir C. WOOD said when the whole system came into fall operation the increase of expense would be great, but during the present year he did not expect that any large expense would be incurred. On the third reading of the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer Bill a clause was added giving to the Court of Exchequier power to direct how the duties of Cursitor Baron should in futuire be performed. In the evening, on the motion for adjournment till Monday, to questions put by Colonel GIarIN and Sir DE LACm EVASs as to the intentions of the Government viith regard +o the Foreign Legion, Lord PA%TERsTOIn returned a curt reply, protesting against the practice wvhich, he observed, was a-rowing up of asking what were the intentions of the Ziovernment as to this or that matter. The Government, he added, were answerable for what they did, but were not to be interrogated as to what they were going to do. Mr. F. PEEL;, in answer to inquiries by Colonel NORTH and Major HERD, gave explanationls respecting reduced officers and acting-nssistant-su.rgeons of the army. Mr. TITm inquired of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCnEQUER whether it was his intention to institute any inquiry, in the next session, into the operation of the Bank Charter Act. The CHA%NCELLOP. of tlle EXCuEOQnER replied that the Government had come to no decision upont the subject. Various other questions were put, each of them being allowed by the forrms of tlhe House (there being a motion before it) to be prefaced by a speech; so that these inquiries occupied, as is frequently the case on Fridays, a considerable space of time, and where a second answer was required from the same member of the Governrnent it v,-as necessary, as a matter of form, to move .un amendment to the motion for adjoturnent. The inconvenience attending this practice was pointed out by the SPrARER in a gentle remonstrance.l On the consideration of the Lords' Amendments of the Cambridge University Bill, Mfr. BOuvERIE said he proposed that the House should agree to aU the amendments, including that of the 44th clause. The amendments were agreed to, after an ineffecteal attempt by Mr. HnvwooD to amend the amendment of that clause. On the order for going into committee upon the Civil Service Superannuation Bill, several members on both sides of tlle House having tuged the Go- I verlrment to withdraw the bill, The CANCE=oR of the EXCHEQUER, after stating the course taken with regard to the bill, observed that it would be improper on his part to force its consideration upon the HEouse if it was thought de- sirable that it should be postponed until a futureI time; and he moved that the order be discharged. Sir F. BAIIN-G suggested that, in the meantime, I an endeavour should be made to ascertain what was the truth with regard to the deductions-whether the civil servants were or were not under a false impression upon the subject. The order was ultimately discharged. The House went into committee upon the Leases and Sales of Settled Estates Bill, the clauses in which were agreed to. A new clause was moved by Mr. IlADFIxLD, prohibiting the Court of Chancery from granting any application under the act in any case when the applicant or anv party entitled under the same settlement hoas previously applied to either House of Parliament for a private act to effect the same or a similar object, and has not obtained such act. This clause was opposed mainly on the garound that it was aimed at an individual-namely, Sir THo-,As M. Winso-. Upon a division, the numbers in favour of the clause were 84, and against it 42. The SowcrToR-oN-GEmAL moved to amend the clause by substituting for " has not obtained sucl act" the words " such application has been rejected on its merits, or reported against bv the Judges to whom it had been referred." This amendment was agreed to, and the clause was added to the bill. Other clauses were likewise added, and the bill was ordered to be reported. The House then went inlto committee upon the Yice-President of Committee of Council on Education Bill. A motion by Sir G. GREY to allot to the VicePresident a salary not exceeding 2,0001. a-year gave rise to much debate, and Mr. TnIORNELY moved to substitute 1,2001. Upon a division, the larger sumr was carried by 78 to 47. The Charities Bill passed through committee, as did the Lunatic Asyltums (Superannuations) (Ireland) Bil. The debate upon going into committee upon the Joint Stock-Banks Bill, adjourned on the 24th of April, was resumed by Mr. VANCE, -who opposed the bill, and moved to defer the committee for three months. Sir 3. SnBrLEx supported the bill. The amendment was negatived, and the House went into commnittee upon the bill. The remaining business having been disposed of, the Houso adjourned at 10 minLutes to 1 o'clock until Monday.
It is a consequenice of the widely-extended dominion which Great Britain has acquired that we should continually become involved in great disputes about comparatively little objects. Prance is a great Power, but its sphere is only European; Russia influences the Christians of the East and the Pagans of Tartary, but with all her extended empire she has for three-fourths of the world no existence. Even the 'United States confine themselves wholly to their rights and destiny in the New World. But the political relations of this country nmay be called planetary. We have scarcely finished a war fought out in Europe and Asia than we hear of probable disturbances at the extremities of Africa, and are engaged in warm discussions respecting the destinies of Central America and the communication between the two great oceans which it divides. It cannot be wondered,therefori, that our people, except when roused by the chance of a rupture with some civilized State, pay but little attention to these territorial questions. Iu fact, what are first-rate matters to the politicians of other nations have, from 2habit become butu of. secondary interest to ourselves. Hence, even in the present dispute with America, the rights which our statesmen refuse to cede, and the grounds on which they build their reasoning, are far less considered th the consequences of a rupttue on the one hand, or the evil of a too tame concession on the other. The universal feeling is that the territorial question, whatever the Americans mniy think of it, is of very small importance to us, who in many other parts of the globe have matters of much more serious concern which demand our care. To preserve at once the peace of the world and our own honour is the only wish of the British people. The Americans may be said to be brought into intimate political relations with England alone of all the great Powers. Hence a diplomatic campaign against this country is a vent for all the energy of the Western politicians, and is looked upon as an unfailing souirce of popularity when party combinations are proceeding unfavourably at home. Because Enigland, with her multifarious concerns, cannot deiote her attention year after year to these squabbles, and is olly too glad to have done wvith them on any equitable terms, it has been said that this country has followed too much a policy of concession to unifounded demands. But the only serious disputes of the l;ind of late years,-those respecting the Maine and Oregon boundaries,-have been settled honourably; and there is now little doubt that the present difficulties may also come to an end. As is well known, there are three questions involved-the right of England to the Beli2e territory, to the Bay Islands, and to the protectorate over the Mosquito Indians. Now, as it is in reference to the treaty of 1850 that the discussion has arisen, it may be as well to call to miid the motives which l'ed to that treaty and the spirit in which it was concluded. Its single object was to preserve the commiiunication between the oceans from the exclusive preponderance of either Powyer. The river San Juan ran through Nicaraguan territory, but its mouth was in the land of the Mosquitoes. Now, this river was to be the great highway between the Atlantic and the Pacific; but, as England protected the Mosquitoes against Nicaragua, and America protected Nicaragna against the Mosquitoes,there was much chance of quarreling and no prospect of neutrality. Hence the treaty provided-and it has certainly been a great gain -that neither countriy should occupy this coast or acquire sovereign rights on it. The prohibition was extended to what is caled Central America. Now, it must be plain that a treaty concluded for the purpose of obviating difficulties to the traffic of an isthmus and the construction of a ship canal niust be admited as evidence of the meaning to be attached to anything that appears doubtful in its provisions. Hence, even wvere the terms of the document less precise, it must be doubtful whether British negotiators could be held as intending to deprive their country of rights which it had exercised for three-fourths of a cenitury. But it may, ve think, be shown that in the question of Belize the text of the treaty is wlholly on the side of England ; that with her protectorate over the Mlosquito coast its provisions do not interfere; and that with regard to the Bay Islands the question is one of fact, and belongs exclusively to the relations between Great Britain and the State of Honduras. With respect to Belize there can be little said. In the treaty England binds herself not to occupy or acquire any territory in Central America. The clause has, of course, a prospective signification, and cannot for a moment be held to apply to Belize or Britislh Honduras, which has been an undoubted possession of the British CRowx3 for 80 years. But, if even that were doubtful, the matter is taken out of the jurisdiction of the treaty by the simple fact that Belize is not in Central America at all, but for-ms part of Mexico, with which republic England has treated concerning it in recent times. As to the Mosquito territory, England has not violated and will not violate the treaty. She will not occupy or colonize the country, or establish any military posts. But the protectorate which for a centmuy and a half she has exercised over the Mosquito Indians remains untouched by any legitimate construction of the treaty. WVith regard to the Bay Islands, materially the most worthless of the three territories, the right of Great Britain appears to us more doubtful ; not, however, from the operation of the CxxoxBrLwF.R Treaty, but from the insufficiency of the claim which we possessed to the sovereignty previous to that settlement. Legally -we conceive that England stands or falls by the rightfulness of her claim to the islands as against Spain and Spain's successor, the State of Honduras. If we have no business in Rtuatan and Bonacca, then it is for Honduras to raise the question, and the matter must be settled between the two countries. The United States have no ground of interference, for England has not attempted to acquire or to colonize these islands since 1850, but held them before that date. If, then, Honduras were to admit that we were the rightful owners before 1850, we should have the right to retain them now; and, conversely, any claim of Honduras must rest on her former rights, and not on any conshuction of the treaty of 1850. WVe cainot but feel that the justice of the British construction has been acquiesced in by the Government of the United States when we learn what are the propositions wlhich Mr. DALLAS is, it is said, empowered to make. He will, if we are correctly informed, propose the establishment of San Juan as a free port under Nicaraguan sovereignty, reserving to the Republic of Costa Rica the right of traffic through it and through such portions of the river San Juan as may be necessary; the MIosquito Indians to be concentrated in a ! definite territory, which shall leave clear the moutlh of the river San Juan and the town; but their rights to be guaranteed, and aln alnuity for a ternr paid to their chiefs; the Bay Islands to be restored to the State of Honduras, but Belize to remeain a British possession, with the same territorial limits as in 1850. By this arrangement we merge our separate protectorate of the MIosquitoes into what muay be called a general Amlerican protectorate, and we give up the Bay Islands, to which a desultory occupation had given us an uncertain and still questioned claim. On the other hand, we avoid urging the United States to abrogate the treaty of 1850, which would expose this part of the world to many evils, which the treaty, inconclusive as it may appear, has dissipated. We fully establish the neutrality of Central America, and raise a moral prohibition against any future fillibustering or annexation. That we lose anything material by such an arrangement no one can believe; but still the arrangement should be clearly understood to be a conmpromise, in which this country does not give up its construction of the treaty, but only makes concessions corresponding to those of theAmerican Government in abandoning its own extreme views. A fifth point in the proposal of MIr. DAmIAs is that the Central American States shail make grants similar to that promised by Honduras respecting any actual or prospective plan for a communication between the two oceans. If the consent of these republics can be obtained to such an arrangement, it will, no doubt, be a-great advantage to the cause of civilization, and cause us less to regret the teniporaxy differences which have ended in such a result.
If any manl is in want of a safe practical guide let him especially avoid two persons-a professed jok-er, for such a man is sure to look at things rather with reference to the fun that can be made out of them than to their real beaiing and significance; and, secondly, a man committed to a theory or nostrum of any kind, for he cannot be expected to regard with impartiality any prescription that comes into competition with his o-n But if the same nan combine the two characters-if he be at once the slave of a jest and a theory, a doctrinaire and a farceur, a fanatic to his own views and a scoffer at those of his neighbours, such a man combines every attribute that should make us distrust Iiis judgment, and sclvI a man is Mr. Exauw BEaRKLEY. Year by year has he amused the House and the country by concocting a fresh string of puerilities and personalities on the subject of the Ballot, by which he has done nothing to advance his cause, and everythbg to induce the public to loolk elsewhere for a remedy for our electoral disorders. This, howvever, is a slight afair. A better advocate than Mr. H. Bm-amiajy might fail in impressing Parliament and the country with the merits of the Ballot, and. a better jester might cease to amuse on a subject where novelty is impossible, and personality itself-the condiment that seasons all dishes-has lost its relish from frequent and unsparing use. But it is really too bad to find a mlan who has selected for his sole vocation the suppression of Parliamentary corruption comingforward, as Mr. BERKELEY did on Thursday, to resist the continuance of the only measure -which has as yet done anything at all towards purifying elections for members of Parliament. It is very easy to point out in what respects the Corrupt Practices Bill fell short of the intentions of its framers, but it is one thing to prove that the bil is not what it was meant to be, and another that it is absolutely useless and vworthless, aud ought to be cast into that portion of the legislative apparatus which corresponds most nearly with the dusthole. Startingupon the supposition upon wbich Mr. BEPxELEY proceeds, that it is the wish and intention of every member to bribe, and that neither honour nor conscience will witlhhold him from the luxury of squandering his money and ruining his character for the sake of gorging with beer and gilding with sovereigns venal electors, of whom he knows nothing btut what is despicable and repulsive, this bill, and every other bill that human ingenuity can suggest, must be utterly futile and valueless. But this, we apprehend, is not the true view of the case. We believL-and it argues no extraordinary simplicity or exaggerated faith in human nature that we should believe-that candidates in general are not at all more fond of throwing their money in the dirt than other people; that they would gladly be spared the intdiidon; and that it is not their own r-ish to deprive themselves of their money for a foolish and criminal purpose, but that circumstances wraich they are unable to control plunge them into the disgracefule.xpenditure of a contested election. The case is clear enough. The candidate has no interest in spending money; rather he has every interest in saving it; but the agents, the lawyers, the publicans, the voters, all believe it highly to their advantage to bring as much capital into the species of partnership which is constituted by a borough, when a stranger comes there with money in his purse, and under circumstances which give plausibility to a simultaneous attack on its contents. The real secret of preventing corruption is to protect the candidate from his agents and his supporters, to furnish him with amis with which to fight them, and with reasons wlhich, without givirg offence, may shelter him from their importunity, and a vast step is taken towards such purity of election as the fallen state of poor human nature puts it in our power to obtain wvhen this is done. Now, this is precisely the object which the Corrupt Practices Act does in some degree realize. To a man willing and anxious to bribe it is a mere cobweb; to a man willing to defend himself against degrading solicitations it is armour of proof. A man of honour, even wvithout any express declaration, is bound to the obligation of veracitv; and, if he does render an account, that account should be, even without a declaration to enforce the duty, full and true. It becomes under this act quite easy for the really honest candidate to say:"The act requires an account of my election " expenses. Everything that I mean to pay must "find its way into that account, and nothing except "what appears in that account must be paid at all." People cavil at the largeness of the expenses which these accounts disclose, and no doubt it is a melancholy thing that the habits of centuries have associated that which ought to be a simple and spontaneous act of popular will tvith so much cost and trouble. But, bad as this is, it is far better that it should appear in the face of day than that these accounts should be so small as to carry with them a conviction of their falsehood and the baseness of those who framed them. The result reems to show that even in the management of a contested election there is a certain residuum of truth and honour which will not permit men to stoop to low and disgraceful arts, even to cover questionable transactions. We believe that in the way we bave mentioned the act has produced really valuable results, and that, with a little more experience and increasing confidence in its principle, it may be made a measure not, indeed, rendering venality and bribery impossible, but saving from their contamination all those who do not seek them of their own accord, but yield to temptations which it is very difficult indeed to esist. The act has produced much good, and the elections which have taken place since its passing have all more or less felt the effect of its provisions. The absence of bands, favours, a-nd cockades, though a trifle in the eyes of MIr. E. BFRxmLEY, is really a very great gain, not only on account of the expense saved, though that is not inconsiderable, but on account of the greater decency and propriety of electioneering proceedingsa, and also of the facilities for bribery which such a license to make presents, of how small a value soever, necessarily gave. We think- we Know enough of the act to say that, though still very faulty, it is a step in the true direction. We lhave in this country much more confidence in the efficacy of publicity thain of secrecy. The advocates of the Ballot give corruption an enormous stimulus by throwing over it tlhe mantle of complete and entire secrecy. Once let a candidate be returned under the Ballot by any means, however disgraceful, and he is sure to retain his seat. The ballot-box will have closed over the maysterie3 of the iniquity, and no clue is afobided through the tangled laby inth of guilt. Let us try the contrary principle. Let us admit daylight into these transactions. Let us give every facility for inquiry and detection. Let us bring public opinion to bear upon them; and, instead of fostering them by impunity, let us try what can be done by exposure, investigation, and punishment. The prospect is fairer than that of secret suffrsge, and has already 'gi en fair hopjes of success.
The Civil Service SuperannuationBill hag beI thrown over, among the other failures of the sesaioin; This meaisur was pre-eminently a failure, a.nd therefore there is the less need for lamelntalon over its fate. Politiians of the maost pogK3 opimons on almost every subjectOwere at least united upon this point, Mr. Mlproi, &p. pealed to the Government not- to -proceed with the bill. MIr. RoEuuox could aot see what other course was open to the Govenunent but to withdraw the bill. Mr. STWFPORD hoped fthe Government wouldaallow the bill to drop. Sir F. BARnn-s sugg,ested the advantage of puisuing the inqUiry still further before legislatioa took plaee. In fact, a fire was opened from aU sides upon the mifortUnate CHAN-encon of the IxonzITi, who was at length compelled to anmnounc-, amid well nigh unaninmous cheers, that th3e (oTernment had consented to abandon, for this session at least, this most ill-considered, unjust, acnd obnoxious measure. Sir CounnwALL LEuW, in faw, was ashamed of it himself. " I am aware," aid he last night, "that the bill as modified is not ae. "ceptable to the civil servants; but, remembering "the extent to which the bill wvas modified by the "committee, and considering myself rather as the " orgac of that committee than as the orginator of "the bill, I felt bound to lay it before the House." This abnegation of Ministerial responsibility on the part of a Mnisterwith reference to a public measure of very considerable importance is an entirely new doctrine, and one which we should be sorry to see developed in practice to any extent. Sir CopaNEWALL Lu;wls, at any rate, does not appear to have regarded the recormendations of the commnittee with any very profound distaste. He put no impedinents in their way, whatever his own private convictions may have been; but, on the contrary, acted as their 3ealous and unhesitating agent. So eager was he in his zeal that the recommendations of his friends in the committee should be at once acted upon, that he absolutely pressed for legislation before the evidence was placed in the hands of the umembers. We are at a loss to reconcile this extreme haste with his professions of last night, that his heart -was wvith the civil servants, rather than with the comnittee, of whlich, as his duty was, he was but the blind, unquestioning organ. We do not, of course, mean to insinuate that the CnCzrk oR of the EXCuEQSEP. sas actuated by any motives of ill-viiU towards that body of gentlemen who constitute the civil servants of the Caowx. The subject, however, is, or rather has been, made a complicated one. It is a constant difficulty, which must be encountered by every successive Government, and Sir CORNEWALL IXN-s was disposed to thrust this obstacle from his path in a summary way under the auspices of a select committee. Had the temper of the House been a little less firm upon the matter, no doubt he would have forced hlis Bill through, and would have had a world of fine things to say upon the necessity of adopting a measure which was prodcuced upon suich high authority. This peril, however, has been avoided for the moment; it only rewains to prepare in the recess such a bill as may give satisfaction to the civil servants of the Caowx.s, at the same time that it involves the country in no unwise or lavish expenditure. If wve would obtain the services of competent men in our public departments -we must be content to pay for them at a reasonable rate. We mnight either pay them liberally, upon the understanding thai neither in sickness nor in old age could we be answerable for them-that they must insure tneir own future in any way which might appear advisable in their own eyes-that as long as they were capable of scivice they should be retained at a liberal salary, but that when incapable of service they must be gone. This principle is acted upon, if we are rightly informed, in the Poor Law Board, and at the Conimittee of Council on Education. The plan, however, seems to be very unfeeling, and one calculated to bring the Goverrnent service into ill repute. It is at the same time impolitic, in so far as it tends to retain in the service gentlemen who are prevented either by sickness or old age from performing their duties aright. There remains the scheme of a combination of salary and pension which at present prevails, and there does not alpear to be any Tery great outcry against the rate of salaries, if they were Dot subject to stoppages for the Superannuation Fund. The injustice of the present system appears to be twofold. In the first place, under the act of 1834 the retiring allowances are not su-ficient in amount, and, in the next place, the system involves absolute confiscation in the cases of those persons -who do not lire to claim the superannuation allowance. The Bill of Last night gave no relief to past contributors. It abolished the stoppages, it is true; but, on the other hand, it carried with it a general revision-that is, a reduction of salaries, and also a reluction of thle retiring allowances. The clerks could see but slender comfort in such a measure as this. What seems to be necessary is that the salaries should be fixed at a certain sufficient rate, without stoppages of any kind, at the same time that there is a scale of retiring allowances which wil neither be unjust to the public nor to the clerk. This is a question of detail whieh can be readily enough settled by any two actuaries of competent ability whom the Government might select for the purpose. There is every desire on the part of the public that the civil servants should be dealt with in a liberal spirit. Let us have economy, by all means, but let our economy consist in cutting off extra hands if too many are employed-not in starving a multitude of half-employed men. Let us remove all temptation to clisabled servants to hang on at the end of a period in hopes of securing a larger pension by dragging their feeble limbs down to the public offices when theyare past work. Let us be just and even generous, and then we shall have a right to demand that the public work be accurately, ably, and zealously performed. The dream of a civil servant appears to be to retire at 60 years of age, after forty years or upwards of service in the Government offices; and surely this is no unreasonable exDectation. The bill which was abarndoned last night can never be brought in again; nor, on the other hand, will it ever be possible to work the scale of 1834 in any such mauner as will give satisfaction to the service or the public. Let Sir Cona,nwAxi, Levis taLe counsel during the recess, and entitle himself to the thanks of some 12,000 gentlemen whose interests were more or less affected by his measure. The extreme severity -which is used to the poor clerks may be not very favourably contrasted wvith the lavish profusion which is deemed right when the interests of fhe Episcopal Bench are touched. The Bishops of LoNDox and DDmEANa would have been not very agreeably surprised had they been brought under the operation of the Civil Service Superannuation Bil. Their emol uments, however, while they lasted, were considerable enough.
Te PIoyal Agricultural. Soeiety of England has just awarded its :-rizes anld 'aele its banquet, the precursor of similar festivities in almost every county. Nowv That the Legislature is about to separate ancl after &a few weeks of foreign wandering, the various classes of Englishmeil, tired of politics, but aeeWidng a Tent for their love of congregeatior. and public spealing, wRll spread themselves over The countr we: looX forward to tlhe sesir of agrlcultuxa1 contests a county harmnony. Forr a wxi disagreementz wi be: :Forgotten, for thelandlord and farmer are content,the Jabourer is better off than in -he old times, and the
COURT CIRCULBR. ROYAL PAVILION, ALDERSHOTT CAMP, JUYLY 18. Her Majesty, accompanied by the Prince Consore and the Prince and Princess of Prussia, drove round the camp yesterday morning and inspected several of the huts of the aex ments just returned from the Crimea. Ihe Prince of Wales, Prince Alfred, the Princess Royal, and Princess Alice also accompanied Her Majesty. In the afternoon the Queen, accompanied by the Royal party, rode on horseback to Caesar's camp and reviewed the troops. The Royal dinner party at the Pavilion included his Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saze Weimar, LieutenantGeneral anoldys, hajor-General Sir Richard airey (Quirtermaster-General), a Major-Geneial Sir Gnge P ala (Adjutant-General, Yolonel Yarborough, sborgne, Bae-ea wigfi. Th Couness rioll, Ma Col one BStrnberg, R.A, Lieutenant- 'lonel Eill (Rinle Brigade), Major Brandlig, R.H.A^., and Captain Coilison, R.E. Prince Arthur, Prince Leopold, eand the Princesses Helena adei Ltouisa, attndd byT t<bh5e Horfn.Elekanor, Staley, Sir Fre- Count de Boos, and Count Ptickler traveUed with their Royal REighnesses. The illustrious PartY went to the Waterloo terminis and left at 11 o'clock by a train on the London and South-WV estern Railw-ay- A deputation on the subject of the West Coast of Africa andrh opeitvg of the River Niger for lawful commerce had anite w k i ith Viscount Palmerston yesterdy. 'he deputation conisisted Of Sir -Edward Bus.ton, Viscount 2deddeton, Lord Calhope,M taMin the Hoan. F. Barder, Yor. iAnder ofith,MP r.l regor Laird, Dr. Bioaryker,Cioty;andero the lRev H. TouedadteRv
Lord John RusseU arrived by the South Dvon Railrway at Plymouth on Saturday en route for Endsleigh Cottage. His Lordship wl opeetwt the fluke aind Duchess of redford at Tavatoc k on Satray, 'whenk the public schools erected by his Grace are to be opened. SoUrsTHrAproW, July 18.-Their Royal Elighnesse3 Princess Alice, PinDcess Helena, Prinacss Louisa, Prince Alfred, and Prince leopold embarked from the docksto-day on boa.d Hfer Mlajesty's yacht Eidn, Captain Crispn,D fur Her Majests's reidence at Osborne. They wero accomDpanied by the Hon iss Stanley, Maid of Honour to Hfer Maicety and Lieutenant-General Sir F. Siovin, Groomt in saltiug. Mesrs. Hedgerand Levy, as usual wuere inatenden behalf of th company. Mr. Watkhn, sauerintendent of the railway company, accompanied the carriages, wlicoh were brought alongside the dock, quay.
LATEST INTELLIGENaE THE INSURRECTION IN SPAIN. (BY SUB 3ARB AIND BRISH TELEORAP?.) We have received the following telegraphic de_ spatch from our Paris corre-pondent:- " PRIS, FER1DKY, JULY 18, 1130P.M. C'General Naivaez left Paris this evening for Bayonne. " Adcvices from Madrid state that 91 members of the Constituent Cortes (50 forming a quoujm) met on the 14th to pass a vote of want of confidence in the O'Donnell Ministry. " There was only one dissentient voice-that of M. Jabuerniga. " They were dispersed. " A telegraphic despatch from Perpignan says that Barcelona has not risen. " Saragossa has declared that it only recognizes the Mlinisterial Presidency of General Espartero. " M. Olozaga, the Spanish Ambassador at Paris, left this evening, accompanied by his family, for the Pyrenees."
TURKEY. A telegraphic despatch from Coonstantinople, dated the 16th inst., says- " The Scherif Abdul-HIoutalib, who endeavoured to oppose the assumption of office by the person appointed by the Sublime Porte to succeed him in the governorsliip of Mecca, has been taken prisoner by the Imperial troops. II The whole province of Hedjaz enjoys the most perfect tranquillity."
ARRIVAL OF THE COURT AT OSBORNE. PORTSMOUTH, JULY 18. Her Majesty, Plrince Albert, and the Royal family, accompanied by their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess and the Princess Louise of Prussia, arrived at the Royal Clarence Victualling-yard, Gosport, this evening, at .5 o'clock en route for Osborne. On the arrival of the train, Her Majesty was saluted, as customary, by the flagships and Garrison Battery, and was received on alighting by ViceAdmiral Sir George F. Seymoar, E.C.B., G.C.H., Coms,iander-in-Chief; Major-General Breton, LieutenantGovernor; Rear-Admiral Superintendent MIartin, CaptainSuperintendent Dacres, C.B.; Colonel Forster, R.E.; Colonel Graham, C.B., R.M.; Deputy-Assistant-Quartermaster-General Wright, Deputy-Azsistant-Adjutant-General Nelson, Mr. J. Davies, R.1N., Master-Attendant Mr. Pinhorn, R.N.; Flag-Lieutenants Molesworth and Brandreth, Mr. R. W. Stevens, and a guard of honour of the Royal Marine Light Infantry, commandedbyMajorAslett, Captaia .Jackson, and Second-Lieutenants Hale, Edwards, and Oliver. Her Majesty and suite, emba-ked in the Royal steam-yacht Fairy, which hoisted the standard of England at her main and the Prussian Royal standard at her fore, and steamed out of harbour under the cheers of the seamen in the ships and the 1st Roya!s in the Prince Arthur. On rounding the Spit Buoy the squadlron of line-of-battle ships (dreused") opened a grand Royal salute. The Royal yacht steered through the line and Her M1ajesty w;as most vociferously cheered by the newly arrived troops (the 95th, 20th, 44th, and Royal Artillery), who crowded the bulwarks of the Colossus and Conturion two-deckers. The Royal party zcknowledged the greeting, and arrived at Osborne at about half-past 6. Her A ajesty will inspect all regiments at Portsmouth as they arrive from the late seat of 'war during the R.oyal sojomn at Osborne. The Royal yachts created a vast amount of smoke on going out of port, which obscured the view of the vast assemblage congregated on the Victoriapier and other points. Surely such a defect ought not to prevail on board the Queen's pleasure vessels.
AFFRA Y AT ALDERSHOTT. -W ALDERSHOTT CAMP, JULY 18. At an early hoair this morning information was received at the Waterloo-road terminus of the London and SouthWestern Railway that a quarrel had taken place between the men belonging to the German Legion and the 41st Regiment of the Line. The circumstances which gave rise to the dispute were these :-The Gernan Rifles arrived on Thursday last from Turkey, rid Portsmouth, and while the greater portion of the 41st Regiment were away from the camp those who were left behind proceeded to a house outside the lines used for the sale of refreshments. Upon entering this place the 41st met a number of the German Legion, and some wrords took pllace concerning some women wvho were present. The qyarrzel becoming fierce;, some of the Germans seized the Crimean medals which our soldiers had won on the field of battle, threw them upon the ground, trampledthem under foot, and by their gestures threatened to serve the British soldiers in the same way. This, as might be e.xpected, greatly irritated the men belongingto the 41]st, who endeavoured, but vainly, to settle matters amicably, and it soon became apparent that the Legion was bent upon mischief. Having followed the 41st to about the middle of the ground between the north and south camps they began to batter iu the huts of the English, and in a very short time nearly half a range of huts was destroyed. The parties having reached the middle of the heath, at the back of Price's Canteen, commenced their work in earnest, at least so far as the Germans were concerned - for, having fonned a ring, and plenty of heavy flints being strewn over the ground, they pelted the men of the 41st in such a manner that the blood ran from their heads. Having obtained additional assistance, the 41st were gettina the advantage of the Germans, when the latter made off, but shortly afterwa-rdsreturnedwith their firearms aad nbayoets, and more serious consequences would have ensued had it not been for the arrival of a body of cwvalry belonging to their own legion, as vwell as another British regiment. In spite, however, of this formidable body of mounted men, the Germans did not desist from hostilities, but5 on the contrary, seemed to show every disposition to carry on the warfare. Tihe cavalry then charged the men, and an orderly galeoping between the belligerent parties succeeded in scattering t; ern It was then found that several of the 41st Regiment were badly injured, but not so seriously as the German Legion, many of whom bled profusely from the wounds in their heads tr faces. Six were taken, streaming with blood, to the hoLpital of the Legion, supposed to have been killed, but the answer given this evening was that no man had yet died, but that the whole six betore alluded to remained in a very precarious condition, and that several others had, during the day, been taken into the same institution, they having been found to be more seriously injured than was at first imagined. A man named Bishop, belonging to tne 41st, received the point of a bayonet under the h part of the arm, as he was attempting to proteet his head. About 9 o'clock the disorderly were marched off to the Guard-room, but so discontented did some of their countrymen in arms appear that squadrons of cavalry were called out, and they trotted round the huts at intervals during the niget. 'tvery precaution has been taken by those in command to prevent a renewal of the disturbance.
We hear that the state of public business is not likely to permit t.he prorogation to take place on Thursday, the 24th, as intended; and that ceremony 'will most probably be on Saturday, the 26th. His Royal Highness the General Commanding-in-Ohief has appointed Lieutenasn-Colonelthe Hon. James Macdonald, C.B., to be his private secretary, His R~oyal Hiighness the General Commanding-m-Chief wfill hold a iovde at the Horse Guarda on Monday, at 1 o'clock.-Glee. CaYsrYA PaAcE.-CowcnnT D^r, Friday, July 18.-Admissions on payment, 1,727; ditto by sesson tickets, 3,109; total isitors, 4,836.
I 3FORBIGN INTELLIGBATCE. FRANCE. (FROE OUR OW COP- XBONDR2ST.) -ho. El-e following app^eae ia our second eaitioa of yes- PAWIS, THUnrSDAY, JULr 17, 6 r.3L9 A private telegraphic despatch announces that not only Saragossa but all Arragon is in insurrectionall Arragon, troops and people. By all Arragon is, I sappose, meant the larger towns that have followed in the wake of Saragossa, with their respective garrisons. We have no details, so far as I can a-certain, but the main fact, if correct, or even approaching correctness, is most important. Of Barcelona we know nothing. No despatch as yet announces her rising, but it is not difficult to say what effect wir be produced on her people, troops, and National Guards by the news from Madrid of the success of the coup dtat, if coup d'hct it has been. That we have as yet no news from Barcelona is not extraordinary. From Madrid to that place there is no electric, nor indeed any telegraph, and from Barcelona the telegraph does not extend beyond Mataro, a distance of 13 or 14 miles; but from 31a; taro to the French frontier there is none. The news of the success of O'Donnell will therefore be a long time reaching Barcelona. Should 3Barcelona unite with Saragossathe example will probably be followed by other places, and then it wrould be very doubtful if O'Donnell could maintain his position, thoughn he is in possmion of the capital, and the Queen is now there. The latest accounts from Madrid are of this morning; tbey have been already telegraphed to you. They are to the effect that the fighting continned for upwards of 24 hours, but that the revolt was at last repressed, with the exception of the bull-fighter Pucheta, who refused all conditions of surrender, life, money, and distinction, and who still held out aga:nst, as he said, the "Traitor O'Donnell," -with a few desperate followvers. I have since then seen a despatch wvhich announces the death of t;his man, who fought to the last. The National Militia of Madrid have been dissolved, and their arms are to be delivered over to the Government. A more recent despatch announces that the members of the Cortes remaining in bladrid were dispersed. The Cortes, it must be added, was not prorogued, but only its sittings suspended, and 50 made what I suppose it is proper to caU a quorum. In Madrid O'Donnell now rules supreme. I have seen a letter, dated the 13th, which contains some initeresting details of what passed previous to the outbreak. I have already narrated to you some facts connected with the Ministerial crisis before O'Donnell resigned. The following, which I have reason to believe perfectly correct, wilU throw some light on the aiTair " At 11 o'clock on the night of the 12th the general belief was that the Ministerial dissension would be arranged. The discussion, nevertheless, became very warm in the Council of Ministers, until O'Donnell roundly informed Escosura that the presence of both in the Cabinet was impossible. In a few minutes after O'Donnell left the Conucilroom, aud returned to bis house apparently in bad humour. Escosura also left, in order to allow the other Ministers fuU liberty to decide on who should be the outgoing Minister. On the choice there was a difference of opinion. Zabala, Minister of Foreign Affiirs, and one Santa Cruz were in favour of Escosura and Lujan; the other Santa Cruz and another memlber for O'Donnell. The Duke of Victoria said not a word; and the question was postponed tiU the following day at an early hour. O O'DonneU told Escosura in the most positive terre- he was not in favour of his revolvtionary po' - d Eacosura replied that his policy was that of ti- u 'I will give an idea of the popularity of Espae rT?r vhe- ,e people say El Duque, withoat any addition, ii . drez oud that he alone is meant.) He had observed before .eaving the Council that he was at liberty to mention in the Cortes all that had occurred, and to explain the motives of his conduct. They both left the CounciL leaving tha impression behind them that they were both to resign. All was over at midnight, and no great sensation was causea in M.dlrid, owing to the lateness of the hour. Some persons, however, were on the watch, and certain things were remarked es out of the ordinary course. On quitting the Council-charaber O'Donnell was met in the vestibusle of Buenavista by the whole of the Vicalvarist Generals (those who joined him at Vicalvaro in 1854), Ilies Rosos, and other friends. The Brigadier Estariz, his secretary. came out in a few minutes, and entered a carriage which was at the Palace. The night was advanced and all was still. It was presumed that he went to some one to inform the Queen of what was going on. O'Donnell went to bed half an hour afterwards, but his friends remained awake and were not idle. Four horses, saddled and bridled, were led up to the Palace of Buenavista. Two or three servants crept stealthily up, carrying cavalry boots and sabres, and General Serrano (not the well-known Francisco Serrano, lately Captain.General, but an aide-de-camp of O'Donnell of that name) in an hour and a half after rode out of Madrid, enveloped in a eloak and travelling hat, by the Puerta de Alcala. Some hesitated in believing the fact; it was true neverthe. less; and an aide-de-camp of the Duke (Espartero) saw him return at 4 o'clock in the morning by the same gate, de Alcala. It was not known positively whither he had gone, but it was more than suspected that it was to Vicalvaro itself, where there were 400 cavalry. The rest of the night passed off wefl, and a few of his intimate friends remained till daybreak in the house of the Duke. " The other Serrano (Bedoya) saw early this morning two of our friends, and told them that the garrison would in no wise take part in the affair, but remain passive and await the solution of the crisis, and this declaration was made by order of the Captain-General Serrano. " At 12 o'clock to-day the Council met. Escosura presented his resignation to the Duke, and O'DonneU said he reserved his for presextation in person to the Queen. It appears that the resignation of Escosura was accepted by the Queen, but that of O'Donnell not." Up to the date at which the letter was written no more narticulars were knowvn than those I now give, and Which are carried up to 4 o'clock in the evening of the 13th. At 8 o'clock there was another Cabinet Council. M. Gomez, who had been spoken of as the successor of Escosura, but was called in, declared that he would not accept, as he was decided in following the policy of Escosura. Generals Infante and Portillo were present, O'Donneli waS not; not because he had taken his resignation to the Queen, nor even that of Escosura. O'Donnell told every one on the morning of the 13th that he had resigned because the Queen had not accepted the resignation of Escosura. Up to post hour (10 o'clock) on the night of the 13th nothing new had occurred. If the facts thus given be correct-and they proceed from a very good source-it would seem that the present affair is little more than a repetition of 1843; that a conspiracy has been carried on by one or two memb^ers of the Cabinet against the Liberal party, and that the Queen now, asi then, was a party to it. Her MIajesty has acted with her usual cleverness-she always affected to hate 0'Donnell and to love Espartero, and the latter, whose character, whatever other be his faults, is guileless, has once more fallen the victim of traitors. Yet it was not from want of warning, often and often repeated. Espartero some months ago received detailed information of what was plotting between the Queen, the King, and O'Donnell. He refused to believe in so much baseness. "What ! " he said, " O'Donnell, whom I have pardoned for all the wrongs he has done me-the favourite whom I have advanced when he much needed advancement -the friend in whom I confided-the colleague whom I trusted, to betray me-impossible ! The King, whose life I have saved when little more than a babe in the arms of his nurse; theQueen, over whose infancy I have watched, in whose cause I have poured out my blood, whose throne I have established, after having driven away the Pretender, who would show no mercy to her or hers, and whose honour I havesaved since 1854, to plot basely against me in my latter days, broken by infirmity and hard tried by age, I will never believe it." This occurred months ago. Since writing the above a telegraphic despatch announces that G;eneral Gurea has arrived at Sara- gossa. It was rumoured on the frontier that the insurgents have had the upper hand in Saragossa. In previous letters on Italy I mentioned that there were States where the Constitution of 1849 has not been formally abrogated, and I instanced Naples. Among some papers relating to the events of that year I find in the proclamation of Charles III., late }Duke of Parma, on his elevation to the sovereignty which had been abdicated by his father, Charles Il., and bearing date " Parma, May 18, 1849," the following paragraph:- "On our approaching return to our h'reditary States as soon as tran quillity is completely established, and the minds of people pacified, it shall be our anxious care to lay the basis of a law suited to the requirements of the times and to the maxims of sound policy, such as shall secure to our people real felicity and real liberty, and which will not be Incompatible with order and the respect due to the laws." The excuse of these -dishonest despots is that in 'tibUes of trouble it is not possible to grant ihberal institutions. When tranquillitv is established by bayonets, foreign or doniestic, and no man dare breathe the word " liberty," vhensilence is maintained by the dungeon, the gibbet, or exile, these same tyrants point to that lence in proof of the content of the people with thnir eolition. Whest that condition beoos(tA intolerable, and desDat drives men once more into insurrection, the same excuse is given, and repeated ad infinitum. Seven years have now passed since the Duke of Parma promised liberal institutions to his people, and that promise was made when order began to be restored everywhere. How has that promise been kept? Seven years are surely too much for human patience. The following private telegraphic desDatch has been received: "IASSY, JITLY 15. "The Hospodar Gregory Ghik-e has delivered up his powers into the hands of the Adrministrative Council, and left to-day, at half-past 5, for Paris, to the great regret of the Moldavians." An Imperial decree, dated from PlombiWres, directs the session of all the Councils-General of the Empire, with the exception of that of the Seine, to commence on August 25, and close, at the latest on Septemder 8. The Moutiteusr of yesterday announces the appointment of Aide-de-Camp-General Count Kisseleff, Member of the Council of the Empire, to the post of Russian Ambassador at Paris. The .esoager de Bayonme says- "The Spanish Credit Ufobilier Company (Pereire's) tookpart, as is well known, of the loan of 200,000,000 reals recently contracted by the Spanish Government for the consolidation of the floating debt; and, contrary to the usual custom, the company were allowed to pay in Paris the amount of their subscription. Agents from the Spanish Treasury were sent to receive the money, which they conveyed by railway to Bayonne. At 1 o'clock in the morning of the 12th two diligences, each drawn by eight horses, were laden at the railway ternainus here with a sum of 13,000,OOOf., the amount of the first instalment. These carriages, escorted by Gendarmes, and accompanied by the Spanish agents, proceeded towards Madrid. Two other similar amounts are shortly expected. Contrary to what has hitherto been the case, the money sent to Spain is in French gold coin; and, as such pieces have no currency in the Peninsula, they will be taken to the Mint and converted into Spanish money." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. loc. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 9!f.; and the New Loan at nf. 20c. Orleans Railway Shares, 1,400f.; Great Northern, 1,090f.; Strasburg, 950f. ; New Shares, 805f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,430f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,820f.; Western of France, 965f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 7SOf.; Great Central of France, 700f.; Lyons and Geneva, 815f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,o40f.; Austrian Railways, 866f. 2OC. Cours Auzbcntiquc.-PARIS, July 17.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 9Wf.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (65 per cent. paid), 94-.; ditto Certificates (65 per cent. paid), 94f.; Three per Ceots., 71f. 70F. 95c. 90c. 71!. 70f. 9oc. ; ditto second Loan,' (65 per cent. paid), 71f.; ditto Certificates (65 paid), fif. ; Bank of France, 4,125f. 4,110f. 4,1_N c. Foncier, 680f.; ditto Obligations o' 500M., Four px r ,'n cs., 430. ; ditto Three per Cents. 890f.; ditto Tenth;. hree per Cents., 7SF. 75c.; Credit Mobilier, 1,540f.; Dscount Bank, 7"- '95f.: Pied ionztse Five per Cents., 93f. 50c. 93f.; A I Teive per Cents., 8s; Belzian Four-nnd-aHal!pe p "S; REomans, 874; Spanish Deferred Conn-rted. ::itto Three per Cents., 44; ditto Int.erior Del ' ; 7 Exchange on London, at sight, money. 25f. 27 o.; three months, money, 2Sf. 24c. RUSSIA. (cn:OM OUaR DERLB coC sroBSPNDENr.) BERLIN, JuLY 16. The latest news that we have received from Russia by telegraph is, that Prince Dolgorouki, ' he late 3inister of War, and the late Ambassador to Franze that was to have been, has been nominated chief of the Gendarmerie. and of the third section of the Emperor's private Chanceflerie-in other words, has been nominated lt1inister of Police. Preparations are being made in St. Petersburg for the erection of an equestrian statue of the late Emperor Nicholas, in the square situated between the Cathedral Church of St. lsaac and the palace of the Graud Duchess Marie. The four sidesof the pedestal on which the statue will stand are to be decorated with bassi rclievi, representing the four most important episodes in the reign of the Czar. The statue is to be the work of Barcn Kloodt. On the occasion of the coronation the first litraisen of a splendidly illustrated work wi3l be published in Moscow, entitled "L' IBmpire des Bussies, oU Hfistoire des Rusuies, Crirn7e, Circassie, Georgie, A} menie, ct Polognse," and dedicated to the Emperor and Empress. Thiswork, of whichfonly200 copies are to be struck off, will consist of four volumes, large folio, divided into 40 numbers, of 100 pages letterpress each, printed in gold, silver, and colours, on the finest satin paper, and will be illustrated by 200 copper-plate engravings, of which 67 will be portraits, and 133 will represent events taken from Russian history. Each number vill cost five silver roubles, and will contain five copper-plate engravings. Prince Gortschakoff, Minister for Foreign Affairs, arrived at St. Petersburg on the 10th inst., on his return from Vienna. The same steamer which brought him conveyed also M. Baudin, ;First Secretary of the expected French Embassy. The MIinister of Public Instruction, Prince Wjasemsk;i, has entered on a tour of inspection in the Baltic provinces, and Prince Mensehikoff has returned to Moscow, where the coronation guests are beginning already to assemble. There is a lively critical warfare being carried on still in military circles on the subject of the battle of the Alma, in which the Generals commanding in that battle seem to be the leaders. In consequence of a memorial dramn up on the subject by a Staff officer named Anitschlkoff, Prince Gortschakoff and General Kevitzinski have lately expressed their opinion very openly that on that occasion the left wing was the first to give way, and that without orders. This has called forward General Kiriakoff, who commanded the left wing at the AIma, and he declares positively that he did not budge a step until he had noticed a considerable retrograde alteration of position on the part of the right wing. This has brought the whole subject of the movements of the troops in that battle into question and led to much animated discussion on the subject. In connexion with it the Simpheropol correspondent of the ifortlLern Bee mentions a variety of sympathetic remarks from French officers; among them is the following:- "1 The present pe.. ,s on.. for a time, just to clean up their arns, but aftenrards the French and the Russians will not again be found fghting against each other." The Caucasues contains a report, dated April, of the expedition of a detachment consisting of the garrisons of the fortresses Grosnaia and Wosdvischenski, in the course of which the Russians on their way to the Black MIountains and back destroyed everytlhing they could meet with in the way of huts and stores of corn. It is mentioned further that Schamyl has married his son, who was brought up as a Russian officer, to the daughter of the Naib Tagil, whose territories had been laid waste in the above-mentioned foray of the Russians. The Northern Bee states that in the Government of Permstrata of coal have beendiscovered, and that their working has been already commenced by private persons.
THE AuSmAtA Posviz SEBvic}.-Yesterday was published a copy of aU tenders and all correspondence relative thereto, for the Australian postal service, as proposed to be performed. Four tenders, were sent in to tho Treasury, from Mr. Laming, Mr. 2d'Queen, the Peninsular and Oriental Company, and the European and Colom'aiau Steam lavigation C.Jompany. The first two tenders were unhesitatingly rejected by the Lords of ihe Treasury, on the 24th of June, on the ground that the whole or a part~ of the vessels were tobe built for the service. The tender of the Peninsular and Oriental Comnpany was also declined for various reasons, including the undue length of the voyage (45 days frem Saez to AIfelbourne outward, and 43 days homeward), and the attempt of the company to impose on the Government new terms of their own, the acceptance of which was out of the question. The tender of the Eeuropean and Colombian Steam Company is the only one of the fonr -which the Lords of the Treasury, 'with the Secretary of StaWs concurrence, felt iustified in accepting. 1. Because they adopt all the conditions in the proposals contained. 2. Because the time which they propose from Suez to Melbourne, and zice er-sd, is much shorter than the tardy passage proposed by the Peninsular and Oriental Company, being only 39 days out and 35 home. 3. Because they are prepared to commence the service at a date early and defined; and lastly, because they propose, for the same sum, to contract to conve mails and passengers direct from Southam.ton to AlexIndris br separate boats, running in communication with the boats plying between Melbourne and Suez. The tender of this company was accordingly accepted, with a slight modification respecting the continuous and uniaterraptea charactei of the service throughout the year, and the other three wer.e rejected. On the following d.ay an attempt -was made br the Peninsular and Oriental Company to influence the docision of the Treasury (then appareantly unlknown) by sundry fresh propm% but to theso no answer was vouchsafed.
THEB BOYAL AGBIRUTURAL SOC'ITY. fFROl OtlP. OWN REPOITRR-.) CHELMSFORD, FniAYv x-rcwr. T'he show-yard to-day, to -which admissiorn on the tbree preViOUs days was procured by the payment of 2s.. 6d., and, to the cattle deparimeulE for 6s., lVas thrown openrL o the ptiTh^ at is., and the agriIcultural labourers and others for niZea onnd nSyve flocked into the town to see the eihibition though. out the day, to the number of from 1S,000 to 20,000. It is creditable to the farmers, under whom this great body of meni serve, that they paid their expenses of travelling by railroad to the show,as well as their wages, as if they had been working in their several vocations, anid it was pleasing to seelhe keen zest with which they eDjoyed with their wi-res and families a spectacle they were so well able to appreciate, and the remarkable degree of order and propriety of demeanour which characterized them as a body. It is estimated that nearly 35,000 people have visited the showyard within the la-t four days. At 10 o'clock this morning Lord Portman closed his year of office as President of the Society, by distributing, in the Shire-hall, the several prizes awarded to the successful competitors for foreign stock, including M. Ahlier, M. Eluard, Mf. Plalippe, M. Cheradame, the Comte de Bouill, ansld M. Dutrone. In addition to the money value of the prizes, a gold medal was given by the society to M. E.gine Tisserand, the French commissioner, and to each of the three foreign jurors, M. G:area MT. de Villers Pite, and MA de Ging-ins d'Eclapens; while a silver medal was at the same time prtsented to each of the successful exhibitors of continental stock. ulis Lordship intimated that this was a new feature in the proceedings of the society, and that in the introduction of it on this occasion they had followed the good example set them by the Emperor of-the 3?rench in offering prizes for foreign stock. 31. EUGENE TmsszssND, on receiving the gold medal from the hands of the President, said-- He accepted it with the deepest gratitude as a proof of kindness from the Royal Agricultural Society of England. It was not the first time that he had been placed under obligations to the English society and to the farmers of Great Britain since he first trivelled in this country for the purpose of obtainin; information in reference to the condition of its agriculture. In the name of the French Government-in the nasne especially of his Excellency the Minister of Agriculture, in the name of the French exhibitors who had attended the splendid ineeting at Chelmsford, he begged to express their most sincere and healty thanks for the kindneis which had unifornily been shovn n to them by the membeos of the society. The French Government had desired to give to the Royal Agricultural Society of England a proof of the high interest which it toolk in the success of the society, as well as of the great importance it attached to its exertions, not only ia advancing British agriculture, but also in directing the forward movomentof continental farming which was every yearprogressing, and mainly by the example set by England. The French Government was also anxious to show to several members of the society its gratitude for the service they had rendered to France in promoting the great International Exhibition recently held in Paris,; and it would not easily forget the spirited and devoted exertions made by those gentlemen. France had contributed to a small extent to the splendid show at Chelnsford. Aimong the improved breeds of cattle, sheep, and pigs a2l distinguished by high quality and perfect symmetry, many of the animals competing could not besufficientlyadmired by foreigners, as well as by Englishmen. The first step had een takenhby French e.xhibitors, who, with specimens of their national breeds, had for the first time crossed the Channel, and there could be no doubt that a more frequent intercourse would follow this example. In 1S39, at the first show of the Royal Agricultural Society at Oxford, there were only 22 entries of implements and 200 entries of animals. Nlow they had nearly 4,000 entries of machines and 800 entries of stock annualy, showing that small beginnings didnot argue failure, but were rather a promise or the future. le could not speculate on what would ultimately result from the step taken by French exhibitors on this occasion. During the period of his travels in the north of Europe he had seen much that was of special interest. Not many years ago Holland, and especially Hanover, Denmark, STeden, and other countries of the north of Europe, were going baclward in reference to agriculture; but by the admission of their cattle aud farm produce into England, the claracter of the agriculture of thoso coun'tres vas now rapidly changing, and bringing with it prosperity to every one; the spisitof enterprise was promoting progress, and wonderful was the condition alike of proprietors-,of farmers, and ofthela.bouring population. All that w.as due to England. He could not but rejoice to see in this meetinz the expression of that sympathetic movement which was pulsating through the hearts of both nations. They could see thoso happy feelinzs of friendship pervading their national intercourse, whi6al was every day becoming more freouent, and tending to a closer national unity; and their intarcoursein those sp`lendid gatherings of agriculturists could not be too frequeut, for it wouUd prove the surest guarantee of their alliance. (Cheers.) With this ceremony the meeting of the society at Chelmsford, -which -was in every respect an interesting one, mLay be said to have termiunated. Some complaint was made during the week of the railway arrangements of the Eastern Counties Company for conveying visitorsfromthemetropohistothe show, but it was mitigated by the uniformly oblig,ing conduct Of the stationnmaster at the Shoreditch terminus, under circumstances which he could not control, and by the equatly accommodating spirit displayed by hlr. Clark, the stationmaster, and by Mr. Sprowle, the district railway superintendent, at Chelmsford. A force of 13 picked men from the A lDivision of the metropolitan Dolice, under the direction of Mr. ILnspector Tiddy, was, as usual, in attendance at the shov throughout the week, and by their experience, tact, and uniform civility contributed much to maintain order and regularity within the enclosure and at the entrance and place of exit; wYhile a detachment of the Essex constabulary performed similar functions at the ap preaches to the show-yard, and at various parts of the town. To Mr. Brandreth Gibbs much of the credit was dne on this, as on former occasions, for the successful organization of the show, and to Air. Hudson, the secretary to the society, for the gentlemanly and courteous manner in which he so quietly discharges the labours of an arduous office.
HARROW SCHOOL. The following is a list of those officer educated at Harrow School who fell in the late war, and in whose memory a beautiful memorial aisle in the new chapel of the school according to the design of Mr. Gilbert Scott, is on the point of being bnilt. Major-General James Duck-nail Estcourt, Adjutant-General of the Army in the East, died of cholera in the Crimea on the 24th of June, 1855, aged 53. Lieuten3int-Coloncl the Hon. Thomas Vesey Dam-son, Coldstream Regiment of Guards, fell at the battle of lul-ermann on the 5th of November, 1854, aged 35. Lieutenant-Colonel James Brodie Pattullo, C.B., 30th Regiment, fell mortally wounded in the attack on the Redan, on the 8th of September, 1855, aged 32. Captain Hylton Jolliffe, Coldstream Regiment of Guards, died of cholera in the Crimea, on the 3d of October, 1854, aged 2&. Captain George Lock-wood, 8th Hussars, Aide-do-Camp to the Earl of Cardigan, fell in the battle of Balalelava on the 25th of October, 1854, aged 36. Captain Sir Robert Lydston Newman, Grenadier Guards, fell at the battle of Inkerasanu on the 5th of November, 1854, aged 33. Captain William Kent Allix, lst (Royal) Regiment, Aidede-Camp to General Sir De Lacy Evans, fell at the battle of Ink-ermann, on the 5th of November, 1854, aged 32. Captain the Hon. Charles Wellbore Herbert Agar, 44th Regiment, fell at the assault upon Sebastopol, on the 18th of June, 1855, aged 31. Captain W iliam Henry Cecil George Pechell 17th Regiment, fell in the tzenches before Sebastopol, on the 3d. of September, 185.5, aged 24. Captain James Augustus Lockhart, 41st Regiiment, fell in the advanced trenchses before the Redmn on the 8th of S,eptember, 1855, aged 21. Lieutenant Henry Anstruther, 23d Regiment, fell in the battle of the Alma on the 20th of September, 1854, aged 18. Lieutenant the Hon. Robert Annesley, 11th Hussurs, died of cholera in the Black Sea, on the 2Sth of September, 1854, aged 20. Lieutenant Henry Charles Dawson, E1nimsilen Dragocns, died of fever in Balaldava ,Bay, on the of September, 1854, aged 19. Lieutenant Cavendisb. Hubert Groville, Coidstreamn Gunards, fell at the battle of nkermaun, on the 5th of November, 1854, aged 19. Lijeutenant Robert John Browne Clayton. 34th Regiment, died in camp on the 12th of July, 135t5, of wounds received at the assault on the Redan on the 18th of June, 1855, aged 20. Liautenant Henry Stewart Rl'der, Rifle Brigade, fell within the Redan in the assault of the 8th of September, 1855, aged 20. CoTnet Hugh Montgomery, 13th Light Dragoons, fell at the battle of Balaklava, on the 25th of October, 1854, aged 24. Ensign James Hulton Clutterbuck, 63d Regiment, fell at the battle of Inkermann, on the 5th of November, 185i, aged 19. Lieutenant Charles Henry Evans, 55th Regiment, died from wounds received in the trenches before Sebastoiol on the 6th of August, 1855, aged 18. Lieutenant Edward Shuttleworth Holden, 2Sd Welch Fusileers, fell mortally wounded at the assault on the Redau, onthe 8th of September, 1855, aged 18. Lieutenant Poreyvall Hart Dyke, Rifle Brigade, died in Ealaldava.a-rbonr, on the- 1854, aged 18.
IBELAND. D- - (rasx OUR es'N COSW-NDZI^.) DUBLIN, fsiDAY OiaommG. -,R. S-MIH O1fiioy. It is stated by the friends of Mr. 8mitis VB'riii that it is his positive determination to resist all attempts to induce him to take part in the political affairs of this ouatry, as he has made, up his mind Ito ,ftend henceforward solely to the duties of a resident cG.'3try gentleman. He is said to have been wonderfully Atrnck With the -social changes which have talken place in Ireland diring the six or seven years of Isis absence, and he freelyadmits that the progress of improvement has beenmuch more rapid -than could have been anticipated by the most sangnuine expectanits of the Irish millennium. Notwithstanding Mr. O'3rien's preseni resolutions it is believed that his admirers have determined that whenever the opportunity shall arrive no effort shal be spared on their part to effect his return to Parliament. AnTACK 02 A Ro3S- CATHOLIC CLERMAX. T-he Belfast Mercury states that tlho Rev. Mr. M'Kay, parish priest of Maralin, county of Down, 'while returning on Monday from a confirmation by the Righbt 3Rev. Dr. Blake, was beaten very badly by a body of men, said' to be Orangemen, -within a short distance of his house, near Lurgan. The injuries sustained by the rev, gentleman are said to be very dangerous. THE FUNDS. Tree pe? Cert. Consols, 95; *lit..o, for account, Augus~t 12, 9D; New Three per Cent. Stock. 9 j; aitto, for accout, Avugust 12, 9&t. Deblin and K3ingstowa Railway Debentures (100?. pad), 100; Hibernis.n Bank (25g. r2id), 31. Railwvays. (By ELEcnuc T=EGEAr. ) FJtIDAY ENrZsING. THE SADLEIR coNsPlRACY. The commission for the South Ridina of the county of Tipperary was opened this day at Clonmel by 3Mr. Justice MIoore. After his Lordship had delivered his charge the grand jury retired, and shortly after brought in a bill against James Sadleir for conspiracy to defraud the depositors and Engish shareholders in the Tipperary Joint-Stock Ban-.
MIUSIC-HALL, SURREY-CARDBNS. Two misceUaneous concerts, on Wednesday and Thursday, were followed yesterday evening by another grand perfonnance of sacred music. The oratorio selected on this occasion was ElDiah, the next in popularity as it is the nearest in worth to the great work of HandeL lif the inaugraation festival for the opening of the new music-hall had been productive of no other incident worthy to be recorded, the fact that upwards of 7,000 persons were assembled in a public garden to listen to a composition of so elevated a character as El?ljza would suffice to preserve the event from oblivion. Never before wa the masterpiece of Mendelssohn performed before so vast an iadience. The crowd was so enormous that siumbers were compelled to listen to the music outside, vwhich, as the weather had taken a favourable turn long before the concert began, was neither disagreeable nor inconvenient. To the credit of al present it should be added that tbe aqtention paid from beginning to end was just as marked, and the applause bestowed as warm and discrininating as at any performance of a sacred oratorio we are able to remember. Nor were there any of those curtailments which are occasionally resorted to, vith the inteLtion of diminishing in somne degree what certain sceptics, who will not admit that fine music can ever become popular, believe to be the forced labour of listening to it. AL JTllien, it is unnecessary to say, was never of that persuasion; and he hed good reason last night to persist in the faith which has hitherto guided him in his public career. The crowd likes to be amused, beyond a doubt; butitalsolikes,now and then, tobe edified. The Elijaih of Mfendelssohn was given on the present occasion, under M. Jullien's direction, recisely as it is given by the Sacred Harmonic Society at xeter-hall-that is, allowing for tho additional wind instruments indispensable to balance the weight of more than 800 voices and a complete army of "strings," just es the composer bequeathed it to the world. Notone notewasomitted; andyetweare convincedthat vhen the final chores-" Then shaU your Hght break forth as the light of morning brealeth"-began, very few of thethousands of p,ersons assembled, audnone who had foilowed the oratorio attentively throughout, w.ere in the least fatigued. A long desultory miscellaneous programtsne of vocal and instrumental mutsic is far mnore wuearairm_e to the spirit than one great connected work, in which -he interest is gradually and sensibly developed. At any r- te, the ex,eriment of last nigt was triumphantly successful, and justfied the hor that the Royal Surrey Gardens, with 'heir new h nd their musical director, may be the mean, eventuaLly of doing a. great deal for the moral cultuire and improvement, as well as for the mere healthy relaxation of the masses. It is not, however, " festival" and exclusive audiences-who can afford to pay 5s. or 10s. to hear good music-but the shilling audiences to come about whomn we are solicitous ; and we are pleased to find an enterprise oni so large a scale as that of the Royal Surrey Gardens Company, based upon the improving taste of the comnmunity and the higher tone of feeling that has of late years been foreing its way slowly and surely into the very humblest of our popular amusements, rather than upon consideration of pzofits to be obtainedfrom sources less exemplary. But to leave speculation, and say a few words of Elija. On the whole the execution was admirable, and, taking into consideration the unprecedented number of voices and instruments that had to obey the indications of M. Jullien's b¢ion, really astonishing. The effect of the chorusses was most impressive, and confirmed the good opinion of the acoustic qualities of the new hall, derived from elMeMcssiad on the Drt day. The longest and grandest of them all"Thaniks be to God! He Inveth the thirsty land" -that burst of thanksgiving and exultation are from a people miiraculously delivered of the terrible curse of drought-was enthusiasticallyredemanded. The audience was in the highest degree excited by this sublime inspiration, which was superbly executed, and, wshile bringing the first part to an end with the greatest possible dclei, may also be said to have placed the success of the performance beyond a question. The prin.cipal solo singers w ere MIeadames Clara Novello and Budersdorff, Mliss Dloibv Messrs. Weiss and Sims Reeves, whose singing in this wel known work requires no comment. Three pieces were encored, besides the one we have named-yiz: The unaccompanied trio, "Lift thine eyes to the mountains" (sung by Madame Novello, Mliss Temple, and Miss Dolby)the conStraZte sir, " Oh, rest in the Lord" (bRass Dolby), and the tenor air, " Then shall the righteous shine forth" (MJr. Sims Beeves). The last-mentioned comes nearly at the end; tbe fact of its being redemanded was therefore not merely a compliment to the beauty of the music and the merit of the singer, but signilicative of the gratification which bad been received from the whole oratorio. At the termination of the second, as of the first part, the applause wsas unbounded;* and then the audience quietly dispersed, to enjoy the other amusements of the eveningD.X The concert to.night, at w;hich AIhoni is anmounced to sing for the second trse, barings the " inauguration festival" to a close.
DEsmuc=rS Fxmns.-Last night, at anout 10 o'clock, a fire, which did damage to the azmount of many thousand pounds, took place in the premises belonging to Messrs. Plimm and Rands, known as the Shad Thames Flourmills, at the side of Horsleydown Canal, and extending into Sbad Thames. The building formed a conspicuous object, from its great height, and had a chimney shaft nearly L90 feet high. The mill, which was fitted with valuable steam power, containedavarietyof millstones, someweighing Upwards of a ton each. At the time of the disaster the mill was in full work, and several of the workmen were engaged in the place, when some one cried out, "Escape with your lives; the mill is on fire." Upon some of the ersons ou the works going to inspect the place they saw Dames in the first floor warehouse, in which a large stock in trade was deposited. Information of tbe misfortune w%as promptly despatched for assistance, and in a brief perioa Mr. Superintendent Brandiord and Inspector Reading, -with a strong muster of police of the M1 division, arrived, aLnd cleared a space for the engines and firemen to pass along. The engines of the parish, a great many land ones of the London Brigade, and that of the West of England insurance-office, and the powerful steam-float arrived in rapid succession; but by the time this force could be Eet to work the fire had extended completely throubgh the mill, and had seized upon every floor to the top story and the flames at the same moment played round the lofty chimney shaft until at length they igmted tvwo or three vessels lying in the river, asweeli as the maLnure stores ofSfr. If. DuckiLtt5 whose premises extend round those of the mill, and there appeared no chance of saving any portion of the extensive oil wvorks a&ioining. The bni a o c"nmes were forthwvith set to work under tho personal sicparntendence of blr. Braidwood and Mr. Eenderson, and of tho West of England underthe charge of Mr Conno.ton At the tinie this account was writtcn (1 o'cock- the fre was far from being entirely extingshed. Another fire to3k plice about five bours earlier. It commenced rn the preusises belonging to lr. Linningdine, cabinetmaker, rn Featherstone-street,City-road. Owmgtotheindammab!echaracter of the stock, the flames soon seized non the timber in the spicious premises belonging to lr. Cross timbermerchalnt, and various other nouses surroundin, firing in succession some two or three of the rofa. The brigade and West of Englnd engines having arrived, they were set to workc; but the fire could not be extinguished until several thoasandpounds worth of property had aisobeen consumedL rr. IinmgDdine was insured in -the Phosnim Fire-office; Mfr. Cross, the timber-merchant, was insured in the San F;re-office; Mtr. CottereD, another person -who has sustained great loss, was insulred inthe 1'luenix-offic; Mr. Bridges -ia-s insured in the West of E3ngland offiec. Dszzsxa ao ~ CoLnsm3sr GuAnns.-Yesterday afternoon a dinner was given, at the Towier, to the first battLion of the Coldastrea Guards, constin of upwNar" of 1,00D men. The entertainment originated fros ndesire of the Duchess of Cambridge to welcome the men back fromn the East, the late Duke of Cambridge having been morethan 45 yeirs colonel of the reginent. The .iachessT Prinowas 1larZ ColoielnUpton, Colonel Drummond, and miny friends and relatives of the officers were -prent. Her _ ojsl Ligness passed along the room between Uie tables, and firgnently conversed irith the men. Colonel Upton, i appropnate-terms, proposed " The heilth of the Dchles T£ Cambridge," and the men iepfotded§ to Uth tost with entriatic t hheers. he entrn ent tookpla6e in the arge' room of the new storeh6nse of the Ordnance DIpartment, whiah was tatefcylrfitted6p for tbe occasion.' The-A wera i%gs, armour, &c., and Russia trophies from Alma, Iukornn, and the Red&n.
LA TV REPORT. MTMT nr - -.- - TM: NiEWRY AND EN' NNISLLEN RAILWVAY COM AZY V. rTlt l-l C:l P STt l . V rx -.r- - (Before tMe Lo::DS u i,snc Of APPDs This appeal froGn a decisi-n of Vice-Chancellor Stuart, disrniisAig the plaintifl'sbill, was argued at length some tinie back, and 'vas placed this mnorningn in the p3per lor jidgmient. Theoriginal bill was filedl in November, 1851, to set aside an award of the Commissioners of Rail. ways, dated in December previous, and to restrain the defendant company from proceeding with the trial of an nCtion at law brought by them agaiZst the plaintiff company for the recovery of fhe amount awarded by the doem s. sionerst. 'Ihe case was elaborately argued. Mr. Daniel and Mr. Speed were cnunsel for the plaintffs, ihe appel3nts Mr. Bacon, Mr. Baghawe, sen., Mr. T. Stevens, Mr. ;f. W. Bovill, Mr. Bagahawe, jun., and Mr. Mfacrory anpeared for the respondents. The d4spute was cscasioned by the refusal of the Newry Company to pay to the Ulster Company 3,997t. 7s. lod., awarded Fy the Railway Commis-ioners in resPeet of their share of the exDenses incurred by the alteration of the lyuge and stock of the Ulster line, and for the recovery of which the action was brought. The bill -as of enormous lengtb, and, among othtr thiings, it complined that the Railway Commissioreis had delegated their powers to Cap. tain Wysn, v o h; d received statements and letters from oit er conwpanies interested in the question, without coinannicatiugthe aame to the plaintiffs' compan, andother .uch like charges the same being contrary to the daties of 2tritrators, and a violation of the rules of law governing such matters. Lord Justice Tuflt5 t, after stating elaborately the facts of the cnsn_ said that the hill was of very great length, but the only realsy material clause was that which alleged that the llailway Commissioners had delegated their powers to Captain Wynn, that Captain Wynn had received letters ard statenients from the other companies interested in the matter without communicating them to the plaintiffs, and that he had taken the examination of Sir Jehn ArNelll mnd other persons and received estimates from them of the experse of the alteration of the gauge and rolling stock behind the backs of the plaintiffs, and that the conmissioners had acted on Captain Wyran's report ithl-ut ivin g notice to the plaintiff, and that they had foundea tneir award on these letters, statements, and exaininations without conlmunicating them to the plaintiffs, who had had no. opportunity of controverting or cortradicting, or in any manner meeting them. *Under this state of circumstances the questions that arose were-first, what was the true position of the Railway Commissioners? The commissioners stood exactly in the s,rre rosition as the Board of Trade flozuerly did; and all the duties and functions of the Board cf Trade devolved on the commissioners, anel it was there. fore necessary to consider wlhat the duties and functions of the Board of Trade, and fromi them of the commissioners * nder tihe acts of Parliament, relly were. The hill treaxed then; as n:ere arbitrators, and subject to the ordinary irisdiction of this Court in arbitrations. On this ground the cate cf the plaintiffs rested. They alleged that the coirnmissiorers had infringed their duity as arbitrators, and clai ed the aasistance of this Court in its ordinary jurisdiction over arbitratars. But was it intended by the Legislature that the Eoard of Trade should le in this situation ' He had not been able to satisfy his mind that it was. They -were a department of the Government of the cointry, and 'were not intended to be in the positieii of priv-ate arbitrators. If it had been so intended, would it not have specified iy -what members of the board their powers should le esercised-whether by the president or the vice-president, or both ? This view was supported by the language of ibe several railway acts. They provided that the amonnt to Fe contributed by each company should be decided in case cf difference, by the Board of Trade. That could not mean that it was to be decided on strict legal principles, for 'where were the legal principles which -were to guide thera? They bad an the railwvays in Ireland under their control, and were considered the best tribunal for the determination of the question. The acts Lt ted that the expenses were to be equitably proportioned I etween the companies whose interests were advanced by the schenie. On wlhat equitable principles were they to proc cd ? And bywhat law was it to be ascertained what interests had been advanced ? Again, the Board of Trade were to decide whether any and vwhat proport:on of the expense of altering the gauge and rolling stock, or of the rolling stock only, should be borne ly the companies. On what principles and by what law ceuld this be ascertained ? Looking, therefore, to the roa isions of the acts, he was of opinion that it was not the intention of the Legislature that the Board of Trade should be in the position of mere arbitrators, or that they should be J ound by legal rnles and obligations; but there was to be a discretion reposed in them. it had, however, been argued that if the Board of Trade had appointed a nominee he 'would have been a mere arbitrator, and bound by the usuial laws applicable to arbitrators. Be did not agree with that a:nuuent ; he did not see why it was rot intended to give alike discretion to a nominee as was given to the Board. 'Under these circumstances it was not a case for the interfrerece of this Court. The commnissioners might be amenable to Parlianent, but they were not amenable to this C urt. It was true that public officers would be restrained by this Court from exceeding their aun icority; but hov could it interfere if an unlimited au:loitvbad been given them? Several cases had been refer-ed to in which the Court had exercised jurisdiction over persons exercising public ftnctions; but they were all c2ass in which there was some private trut or right to be worked cut, and the jurisdiction had attached in respect of such trust or Hght. But in the present case there was no such trust or right. There were several other points argued in the case which it was immaterial to decide; but he wished to be understood to give no opinion in favour of the bill on those points. He should hesitate long before he held that any arbitrator was justified in acting on evidence taken behind the back of one of tie parties, but in the j resent case he doubted whether there had not been such conduct on the part of the plaintiffs as to defeat any right cfcminplaint which they had on that point. Be doubted hetther they did not iiitend to leave their case to be conducrteo by the other conmpanies who had a comrron interest withhem. At all eve nts, they had presented a memorial ind they had the full benefit of their own statement. Upon the whole he was of opinion that the appeal must be disu '&ed; but, as the case was new, and was one of considerahlhe diffieulty, it must be disumissed without costs. L'-rd Justice {IyG,sT Braxc&-Both the Lord Justice and I have considered this case very attentively, and the hIrd Justice has, with the Vice-Chancellor, come to a conclusion at which I have been unable to arrive. Findin, however, that his Lordship's conclusion to dismiss the appeal, but without costs, renders my opinion immaterial, I 'wish the parties not to be any loDger delayed on my account. Accordingly, without my concurrence, as without my di*ent, tle appeal must be dismissed Nithout costs.
VICE-C1L>2WELTfl' (Yn2TTTP'V - - - T- EX PrARTE THE NVEST ENS1 OF LONDON A.ND CRYSTAL PALACE RXILWAY CVo7PAS-k (Bcfore Fice-Chancellor Sir B. T. L;D-EP.SE1i-.;' This was a petit-on for payment out of court of a sum of 2.Cd)l., which had been paid in under the S-th section of the Lards Clauses Act, as the value of certain lands taken by the company under the compulsory powers of their act. A jury had subsequently been summoned, and had given 2.d0l: as the purceiase anid compensation money. It had su-sequently turned ont that the apparenit oNvner of the land had only a life interest therein, and it wvas the7efore necesE.ry that thle suns found by the jury should he , gain n-id into court under the 69th section, known as that aipicable to disabilities. Mr. L. Webb appeared in support of the petition. The VICE-CHANCELLOR thought that the process pursued under this act was very circuitous, and apuarently involved an unrecessary degree of trouble; at t .e .aune timne, no CodUhb. as the matter stood at present, it was the only course, and vas -warranted by the reason given. IN RE FRASS'S TRUST. Mr. HrGcLsS appeared in support of this petition, asking that certain choses in action might be vested in the Cstuia-se trusts, jointly with two surviving trustees, the third L usfee being resident in Anerica. :Is HoNoUR suggested that, to save expense, the order should be to vest the choses in action in the cesfuigi-e trusts oit!y; but on reference to the 22d and 20th sections of the 'Trustee Act of 1850 he considered that he had no jurisdicfion to do so, and made the order vesting the choecs in aci'-n in the two trustees only. 2,fr. F. ?Nalder appeared for the infant heir. (Before Vice- Chancdlor Sir J. STUART.) LS RE 1STfl A-ND 19TH VICTORIAV, C. 43 This was the petition of a young lady, an infant, under the age of 21 years, presented under Mr. Balins's Act of last session (1855), "to enable infants, with the arprobation or the Court of Chancery, to make binding settlements of their real and personal estate on marriage." The petition stated that the petitioner was entitled to a reversionary intcrest in a sum of 15,0521. Three per Cent. Consols, expectant on the death of a tenant for life, and to other mcnceys to be paid to her on her attaining 21 years of age; and that a marriage had, with the consent of the petitioner's father, been lately agreed upon between the petitioner and a clergyman; and it prayed a reference to cnambers to apDrove a proper settlement of the petitioner's property prior to the intended marriage. Mr. P.oxburgh appeared in support of the petition. The VICE-C CEL%CLLOR said, as the proposed marriage had the approbation of the petitioner's father, he had no *doubt it was a proper one; but before approving a settle=nent under the act in question the Court would requirs to 'be satisfied of the propriety of the marriage. Mr. 9AnL;s said that it was not the intention of 'he f--amer of the act that the Court should take cognizance of uhe proprety of the marriage. The VICE-CHN-CELLOR said that the effect of the order on the petition would be to make the young lady a ward of Court, and that if the Court were not to inquire as to the propriety of a marriage on such a petition as the present it might be aled upon to approve asettlement on a highly =muroper marriage. He should make an order directing a -eference to chambers, to approve a proper settlement, under wb;Lh it would be open to the Court to consider the propriety of the maimage. BE ICTH A2ND IITH VICTOA, C. 96, A-EN J. POWI,L'S -;SURRACE B Ti2E CUMTO' ANNUIrY AXD BrE- VOLEN-T Fu-ND. This was the petition of Sarah Powell and Sophia Powell, Iprr,yiug for thie paymeat to them out of court of a smnr of 4,9yng&. in July, 1826, z',the late J. Powell, who was aColl,ctor of Customs, was admitted as a subseriber to the Cus tones' Annity and Benevolent Fund; and in October, IS85, he, in exercise of 'he powers vested in him by -the - rl,les relattm, to that fund, directed the capital monev forth. ccpirg by virtue of his insurance to be invested in &nOuso1, {le interesttobepaidtoDhiswifeforlife, aadather desth to,the' two petitioners3 and, In the event of either of Ith ,4titionersmarrying ana leavi3g isue, he gave her or their tmies to her or their childreix respectively ; and in case the petitioiiers should die without issue he dircted the fund to 'eto nsferred- to his son, C. Powell*; and in case he (T. opieel)shouald surviveahis wi he directedthe whole l lorthcoming as aforesaid to be paid to the petitioners <.r their children (if snJ), or to his SOD, in mannerr thlereinbefore directeo-. In Ntovember, 1826, the respondent, Captain Gloeson, married one of J. Po;ve1i's daughters, and by a post-nuptial settlem ent, dated in 1.832, reciting an ante-nuptial contract, J, Powelt covenanted To give Captain Gleesont, or his wife, or the survivors of them. a share of all his property, equal in amounit to what he should give his daughters who ehould survive him, and he covenanted to make a will accordingly. J. Powell dlied in December last, BLrs. Powe Mrs. Gleeson, and C. Powell ha-ing died in his lifetime. The petitioners Iwere the only daughtersm of J. Powell who survived lim, and they wern unmarried. In consequence of a notice received by the trustees of the Cuetoms' Annuity and Benevo4 lent Fund from Captain Gleeson not to pay the sun, ar.ting from J. Powell's insurance to-his daughters, the trustees hiad paid the amne into court, under the Triustee Relief Act, 10th and UtlaVictoria., c. 90. -C- hlr. B. W. Bi. Forser appeared for the petitioners; Mr. Bacon and Mr. G.M. Gifferd for CapllainOleeson, and, Mr. Dean for the trustees of the Customs,'Annuity andPBenevolent Fond. The VICE-CHANCELLOR said that as the fund formed no part of J. Porell's general assets, Captain Gleeson was not entitled to any portion of it, and that i the events which Dadhappedhe two petiones were entitled to the fund in equal moieties. Ir. R. W. E. FOBtSTXBt asked that in the order for pay. ment tothe two petitioners the wordsa"subject to succession duty" might he cmnitted. The VICE-CHANxCELLOs. said it appeared to himn there 3as no succession ir. such a case as the present7 and directed the words to b~e omitted. (Before Yice-Charcellor Sir . P. WOOD.) cox v. surroN. The VIcE-CHANCELLORI gave judgment in this case, which involved the construction of at obscure will as to the right to a sum of 2,0001. Consols, and certaint accumulations of interest, and has been already reported in Tie Times. His Honour held the plaintiff to he entitled, and directed the costs of all parties to be paid Olt of the fund. The case was argued by £r. Rolt, Mr. Daniel. Mr. Chandless, 3Mr. G. II. Giffard, Mrr. Shapter, Mr. Walford, and hlr. C. E. Ha3wkins on behalf of the several parties. BEAVAN V LORD HASTINGS. This was a bill by a bond ereditor of Edward Astley, deceased, praying an account of the suom due for principal and interest upon his bond, and adecreeforpaymuent, against the defendant, L ord Hastings, on *.he ground that he had made hlimself personally liable to pay this debt, without regard to the sufficiency of the assets of the late Edwvard Astkey * and the bill also p raved a declaration that the defendant had constituted himself executor de son tort of the intestate Edward Astley, and was accountable on that footing to the plamtiff as the rightful administrato7 of the intestate. 31r. Astley, wsio resided at Eneilics, in Belgium. having borrowed 1,0401. from the plaintifi gave his bond, dated the 3d of July, 1845, by which, for himself, his heirs, executors, and administrators. he became bound to the plain. tiff in the penal sum of 2,0801., with a condition for defeazance upon payment on the 3d of July, 1847, of 1,0401. with interest at 5 per cent. to the plaintiff. A warrant of attor. A ney at even date was executed by Edward Astley, but no judgment was ever actually entered up under this warrant of attorney. In A1pril, 1846, the body of Edward Astley was found, with marks of violence upon it, in the river Ourthe, in Belginm. The Belgian Juge de Paix of the canfon .attendedat the residence of the deceased Edward Astley who had died intestate, and caused seals to be placed on his ef'ects and papers, and his chateau and fishing cottage to be preserved for the benefit of his relatives. Information of the death of Edward Astley was transmitted by the Belgian authorities to his brother, Lord Hastings, and his mother, Dame Hester Astley, his sole next of kin. Lord Hastings proceeded to Eneilles with his solicitor, and applied to the Juges de Paix to remove the seals and give him posIesion of his brother's property, declaring himself the brother and successor of Edward Astley, and demanding the removal of the seals and the delivery of the property " without description or inventory." The proc.s werear having been signed, possession of the propnertye without description or inventory" was delivered to Lord Hastinos, cwho, by thus taking the succession ter ta siple, became hersonab y liable, according to the Belian law, topay the debta of the intestate without reference to the value of the assets. A considerable portion of the intestate s effects were sent to England by Tord Hastings, wvho converted them to his own use, and also (as the bill alleged) took possersion of certain property and effects of the intestate is Englaond. i he bill alleged that, under these circumatances, the defendanlt, Lord Hastings, had constituted himself executor de son tont of the intestate, and was liable and accountable to the plaintiff, wvho had taken out administration to Edward Astley, for al the property of the intestate coce to his hands, and for all sums tealized by the sale of peart of the Belgian property. The plaintiff also alleged that, as a .secialty creditor, he was entitled to payment in priority ad that the defendant w as not entitled to allege nayment cf siaple contract debts to an fmount exceeding thle value ot the assets as against his claim. The bill also alleged that Dasne Hester Astley had also become possessed since the death of Edward Astley of divers articles of personal Mroperty vhich had belonged to him, and that she had in this manner constituted herself an executrix de SOIn tot of the intestate, and wan accountable to the plaintiff in that character. Since the iling of the bill Lady Astley had died, and the suit had not been revived against her repre. entatives. MIr. COLE (wvith w hom w as Mfr. Belt), for the plaintiff, ccntended that the defendant, Lord hasings, having acquired possession of the intestate's assets in Belgium under an acceptance of the succession pur et simprle, he was hound by the provisions of the Belgilum law to pay the creditors in full, without reference to the value of the a2ssets received, and that the debt of the plaintiff having been conIsracted in Belgium, was affected by the law of that country. The plaintiff had received nothing in respect of his debt, which was proved, and he stood not only in the position of a creditor, but also of an administrator upon the estate, and an equity was thus created against Lord Hastings, who was accountable as an executor de son tori. Tne ViCE CHANCELLOR. (without calling on Mr. Selwyn and Mr. Freeling for the defendanlts) said that the plaintiff could have no remedy in this court against Lord Hastings. Be conld find no trace upon the evidence that the defen. dant had possessed himself of any property belonging to the i.testate in England, for all the proDerty appeared to have been in Belgium. Tbere had been-an acceptance of the property puI et simple by Lord Hastings, the effect of which, according to the law of that country, was to render ,ins liable to pay every creditor in fill. It was not a case, however, of executor de son tort; the defendant had a perfeet right to assert his title as heir of his brotber, thus subjecting himiself to certain liabilities as to paymnent of his brother's creditors, but such creditors could not file a bill against hin as executor de son tort. The oblica&!ion between the defendant and plaintiff was a purely legal one, in the nature of an ossssmpsit ; nor did any equity acise in favour of tho plaintiff from his having taken out administration to the intestate. Upon the ground, therefore, that the defendant, who had legally received the propErty in Belgium, could not be sued in England as executor de sen tcrt, the biU must be dismissed.
AT)TlTRAT.!V frOTPrR -.-- 'f- 1Q THE A3IOY.-SALVAtE. (Be.fore Dr. lrsmr.i TI he Amoy, of the burden of 648 tons, coal-laden, left Cardiff on the 1Ith of February last, bound to Gibraltar. On the 13;th, about 4 o'clock a.m., being off Lundy 1-land in charge of a pilot, she came into collision with a smack, in consequence of vhich the smack went down, and the Amoy received so muchl damage that, on sonndin~ the pumps, she was found to have 10 feet of water in berYhold, 'which was fast increasing. The master, crew, and Pilot got into the long boat, and shortly afterwards were sighted ly three men in a pilot boat, withont, as alleged by them bet denied by the owners, any oairs. At the request of the crew the boatmsen conducted them back to the ship, hut it was said they were unwilling to hoard her, being con- iinced that she would speedilysnk. Encouraged,however by the boatmen, they ultimately retook possession of their vesse], and conducted her in safety to Kingroad. The boatnren having instituted the present proceedings to obtain salvage remuneration, a tender was made by the owners of 401., which the salvors refused. On the part of the owvners it was contended that the services, which were rendered vithout peril, consisted merely in conducting the crew back to their vessel. The value of the property salved was 2,8751. Dr. Deane appeared for the salvors ; Dr. Bayford for the owners. The learned JrnCE considered that the property was in great danger; that the tender was wholly inadequate, and he therefore overruled it, and decreed 2001. TIhE GLASGOW, OTHERWISE THE YA M,%CRAW. This was a cause of possession. It was only partly heard when the Court rose.
COURT OF BAN1RBUPTCY, .Vasinghaf-street, July 18. _- - lq RtE JOSEPII ARC0rBAD JOYCE. f R"r- Xf', ?. - I * ne UankCrUpe is cescriDesL as a merchant, of Pood-lane. His accounts extend from July, 1835, to April, 1856, and show-debts, 4.7801 ; losses, 2,7701.; trade expenses, 8671.; personal and domesti¢ expenses, 987& ; and assets about 4C01. chiefly dependent on consignments abroad. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. G. L.WvRBENCE opposed for the assignees. Joyce was a bankrupt in ISa3, oving 10,0001., and not having sufficient a. sets to defray the court expenses. In July, 1855, he resumed business. His purchases since that time had been 7,4001. Upon this there was an alleged gross profit of 201. The bankruptexamined, said lhe was a merchant. His purchases ?ere mostcy consigned to foreign parts. Mr. Dean (Dean and Son, wholesale cheesemongesi Great Tower-street) deposed to the b3nkrupt havig in barch last purchased gosds from his honse to the amount of b08r. He referred them to mtessrs. Saalfeld, brokers, hambrook-court, and a clerk deposed that upon seeing stee one at Safeld'.s, whom he supposed to be the principal, tho reply was that he would trust Mr. Joyce to any amount. He had not done business with them, their goods (poollen) niot being in his line. The COMMIaIOSsNEu.-What is the state of the law as to such cases ? Can such testimony be taken hold of - Mr. DoyIsz, for Miessrs. Dean, doubted whether an indictmnent for conspiracy coulld be sustained. The bankrupt had not carried on business bond Jide. There had asofar been reckldess represenutations, amounting to moral fraud, that the Court of Bankruptcy-a Court so important to the trade o' this great capital-wrould not fail to punish. The bankrupt called himself a merchant of the city of London. A& mere imputdent answfer was never given. HRe began with 4C01. of bad debts, got goods to the amount of 7,0001., paid old debts with a part of the proceeds, and lived upon the remainder. The goods wfere melted by the bsnkr.spt as fast as got. It was absurd to suppose tlat he did not knowini Mfarch the state of his affairs, as dis^closed on his hankrnptcy in Apriji The conduct of Messrs. Sazlfeld Brothers ohad not been that of respectable men. Mr. HIeath (wiso.ppeared for tise bankeupt) objected to sach temark:. - The Coassrssssosezn.-Whcat can they signify to you2? Mr. Heath.-I happen to k;noir MNessrs. Ssaield.- MIr. i>0ThE.-They gave the barlkrispt acharacter wshich they ought to have known was false. T1ho bakrupt stated that they knewr of liis bankrnpteyi in 185. Siafeld's conduct in. statig that he knewv the blaskrupt to l ' respectable, and that he wrould trust him t;o ay aunist, ta 5qnduit nnbccomin" a merchant. Within a week of the baukruotcy Joce bad ~en to Messrs. D-ean ad Son's, and had soigh` to oitain umore goods. Tfhe matter of the 108L. was of little importance, but Messrs. Dean felt ita& duty on their part towards protecting the honour and trade of the dty of Toudou to oppose the granting of an certificate to such a merchlant. 3Ir. HuserP.y opposed, on the ground that the banktFt had' fraudulently obtained forbacee of a debt, and led I 3r. Alderman Carter, who deposed that on the 26th-of November last the bankrupt called at his premises, No. 61, Cornhill. He recollected having known the bankrupt some years previously v,hen he wan a clerk at Messrs. Silver, the outfittbrs, Corhill The bankrupt introduced himself by saying that he was riding out on horseback a few days previously wi4th hi w vife, wiho wvas a v-ery spirited horse: womnan, when ale Sroke her-vatch, andV he wished to n-c, sent her with anotber. He said he was doing an excellent business as a mercbant on his own ccount, aud wished to take the watch (value 15 guineas) on approval. He (Aldermpan Carter) demurred, upon which the6bankrupt assured bim that the watch should either be paid for or returned the folowing morning. From his impressiorin respect to the bankrupt's antecedents-an impression which he shortly after-vards ascertained to be an error-he let him have the watch. A few days, certainly not more than a week-, after this the bankrupt was waited upon for the money. His rtply was that he was very ill, and unable to attend to business but a day or two after that reply he met him in St. Paul's Churchyard, when he was as well as he was at that moment. Upon being sued, tho banlrupt had written, promising payment after his bankroptey. Mr. Panr;, a clerk, confirmedthe evidence of Mr. Carter The banrupt aid thst, to the best of his belief, ho bad not made the promises and statements referred to. The watch was not given up on the occasion of passing his last examination. lis wife was not up when he came tothe court, but it was in her possession last week. Mr. Lawrence was mistaken when he said he (bankrupt) had told him that the watch was pledged. Mr. HEATH submitted that the case was free from fraud. His Ho.NouR.-It will be waste of time to go into the case. The bankrupt is neither more nor less thana swindler. I therefore refuse the certificate altogether, and also protection. IN RX EMLE DUIiW. The bankrupt was known as Count l)anin, of Westhourneterrace. He absconded. Debts io the amount of 12,000L. bave been proved against his estate, which has realised 1,4001 I Mr. CoLoanBiNg, for the assignees, said that the bankrupt had lived like a nobleman. The CoSGSIIssov;E&.-And given himself all the airs of one 7 hIr. COLOsmIcs.-Yes; he had six carriages and a stud of horses. A very small dividend will be the result of the bankruptcy. IS RE TARLMGTONr. The bankrupt, a lodginghouse keeper of Devonshire, was extensively engaged in building transactions. His debts are 53.000I. The sectured creditors, it is alleged, will be paid in full, and the surplus arising from their securities vill, it is also alleged, suffice to pay the unsecured creditors (23,000l.) their claims in full. Bet the official assignee (Mr. Cannan) does not anticipate much vill be forthconiing for the latter. An adjournisent was ordered. LN RE L. SINIOND. The bankrupt was a merchaint in Cullam-street. His debts and liabilities are about 60,0001., and his assets about as many shillings. An adjournment of the examination meeting was now ordered.
SUMZIER ASSIZES. , VApTFrERN- T?fl1Tp YORK, JULY 17. THE LEEDS POISONING CASE. CaOww COusr.-(Before Mr. Bcaron Brwxvscr.T) The trial of William Dove for the wilful marder of his wife at Leeds, on the 1st of March last, was resamed this morning at 9 o'clock. As was the case yesterday, the Court was densely crowd1'ed throughout the day, a-nd numbers of ladies were unable to obtain admission. The counsel for the prosecution present were Mr. Over. end, Q.C., Mr. Hardy, and Mr. L. H. Bailey; for the prisoner, Mr. Bliss,Q,C., 3Mr. Serjeant Wilkins, lIr. Hall, and Mr. Middleton. The prisoner havnng been placed at the7bar. Mary Wood was called and examned,-1 lire io the KIrkstall-road, near Barley. On Monday, the 26th of Febraary, in consequence of a message, I went to hr.s. Dove's. She was alone. I went again at 20 minutes to 8 o'clock on Saturday evening. When I went there I founzd Mrs. Dove sitting up iambed, welL Her husband and Mrs. Witham were at that timel in the bedroom. Mrs. Dove asked for her medicine about S O'clock. She said-" Will you be kind enough to give me my mediceine, Love ? It is time." He went to get it. He returned with it in about a minute. She took it. She said it was very hot, very nasty, and very bitter. She said she thought she should %st better if the attack did not come on again. I recommended her to try and put it off. About a quarter of an hour after she had the medicine she began to be ill. She asked Mrs. Witham to go round and take hold of her hand, saying, this "gird" is coming on. She was propped up with pillows. In a short time she said "Off the bed !" and repeated it three times. Witness thought at first she wished them to get off the bed. At length, on its being repeated, a thlid time, I thought that it was to lift her offthe bed. Mrs. Witham said, ".No, no, we cannot." Witness thonght she was not sensible after she cried "Offthe bed" the firs-ttime. She died at 20 minutes to IL o'clock. Mr. Dove vent to the doctor; when he returned Mrs. Dove was dead. Afterhor death I went vwith Hannah Paley to clean the house on the Saturday after the funeral, on the 15th. We went into her bedroom. There vas a little blood on the floor. I had a little dog with me. The dog went near it5 and I pushed it away. It did not lick it, so far as I saw. As we were coming away the dog fell on its back and died almost imme. diately after. Cross examinedIby Mr. BLISS.-On the night of the death of Mrs. Dove Alr. Dove appeared to have had a little liquor, but iot nuch. I have occasionally gone to his house. I never saw him treat his wife unkindly; I have seen him t:eat Ier kindly. I went there one night about three waeks bfoire the death. I remember his asling Elizabeth Fisher for his supper. Mrs. Dove was pr,sent. They refused hizn hissupper. f asked Mrs. Dove to be so kind as to give him his supper. He asked for some beer, and wvitness a4ked ElPzabe h Fisher to get him some, as she did not come so soon as she mizght. The prisoner got up and said he could not bear it, and left the house. The prisoner afterwards camue round to the front door. The door was locked and he kicked at it, and he said he would not be locked out of his own house. When he got in he said he could not bear it, and he took' up his supper and carried it into the front room and locked biuzself in, saying he could not bear it. Witness persuaded Iiim to open the door. His wife then went in, and he was reconciled to her. Before he went out he attempted to wind up the clock. His wife said he had better not wind up the clock-he would break it. Witness said it wvas his own, and if he did break it he would have to pay for it; and Mrs. Dove told her not to interfere. He said he would seU all up. I cannot say whether he complained of his wife being cross to bizn. As far as I can recoLect, a 5s.-piece would hava covered the bit of blood on the floor of the house. I knew the prisoner's father. I lived 15 years in his service. I left, his service eight years since. The prisoner was between five and six years' old wvhen I went there. The prisoner was noi all the timne there that I was, but most of it. I paid 'he prisoncr a great deal of attention as a boy. Alr. ELIS.-Corld you form say opinion fromn what you saw as to his sanity? Mrr. OVEREND.-I object to that question. His LORDSHI' alloved the question to be put. Witness.-1 never thonght him right. Mr. OVFRE.ND repeated his objection. Mr. BLIsSS.-Had you the opportunity of forming an opinion, and did you think him in his right mind? Wp'itness.-I had an opportunity of forming an ovinion. Nr. OVERESZD objected to the answer to the rest of the question. His LoRDsmr, having referred to andread McNaughten's case, said, it appeared to him the question ought no, to be put to a non-scientific Witness. Mr. BLIsSS submitted that it was common to question a witness as to the drunkenness of a person-"Did he appear to be drunk ' It was a question constantly asked in the great "Hopwood" case at LiverpooL It was a question of great convenience, for itshowedhowa person was treated, and his treatmnent was nothing but evidence of opinion. He referred to " Doe dem. Tatha-l v. Wri-lht " Ilis LORDS11s P.-You are going toask this lady's opinion; is that evidence ? If it were, you might prove the opinion of everybody who has comne in contact with him. MIr. BuLISS.-WOUld it be evidence that a muan's friends had put himn ill a lunatic asylum ? I submit it would. Yet that would be but evidence of an aet, and the act was only evidence of the opinion of his friends. It was an opinion coupled nith an act, and was stronger; but the act itself was orlv evidence of opiniion. His LoRD.Hn?,m asked to have the question stated precisely. Mr.toof then put the question,-" From your observation of the urisoner's conduct, conversation, disposition, and behaviour during the 15 years you were in the famuiiy, did he appear to you or not to be of sane mind ?" Ar. HEU.L was tten heard in support of the adlmissibiiity of the answer. The witness, he submitted, wvas an expert, in the truest sense, as to f14-ning a correct judgment of the prisoner's state of mind. Unider the Lunatic Act, which authorizes a constable to interfere and apprehend a lunatic, the e;xpression uLsed was a personi " deemed to be" insane. He aLso referred to Txy or o, Eridewcc, vol. ii., p. 1,101, wheoe such a question is laid down as admiisible in the courts of the Utiited States. M1r. Serjeant Wisu.lss, on the saume side referred to "Doe v. Hopwod "' at Live'rool. Mr. OVggExD, on thie otherside, submitted that evidence of opiniion was confinied to men of scienice only. A lnnatic was admitted into an asylxin only after two medical men had e:xpressed an opinioni on his sanity. His Lo}:DSiIIP.-The sanity or insanity of a person is a question of fact; but the fact is a mnatter of opinion,-it is not apparenit, like a broken leg. I understand the general rule to be, that a person cannot depose to matter of opinion, escept experts, who are scilled in such subjects. I think, Mr <)verend, you are warranted, if you think it right, to object; and if you do, my ruling will be in your favour. But it seems to sue you should consider whether you will press the objection or not. Alr. OvsrmmcND.-I hope mly friend will not abuse the indulgence if, in this instance, I wave the objection. His LoRussmip.-The objection is withdrawn, and you may put the question. Witness.-i never thought him right in his nmind. Mr. BLIS.R-Did you tell his parents so? M.r. OVEI.END.-l object. His LORDSiIir.-1 object to that. It is irrelevant. Mr. BLIss.-OQ occasions of the child's being corrected, have you imterfe:ed, and said he was not in his right mind? His Lons.ssiir.-I object to that. It is irrelevant and inadmissible. Mrr. BLISi.-Does your Lordship think that an act done with reference to a question of insan ty is not admissible? His LoPgDHsm-s I am clearly of opinion it is not admisseble. Mr. BiLss.-Do you recollect any acts done? Witness.-Yes. When I have taken hins to bed at night and got him undressed, he has sat with his back to the door and kept me there half an hour. If I wantEd to take him away he would scream and grin at me. He did that till he was seven. I have seen him put a lighted candle in a basket and lock it up in a closet. He did that several times. He pul candles andsalt in a coffee-mill. He-vas corrected for that. I saw a great light in his bedroom one night; I went upstairs; the door was locked, and he refised to let me in. Next m^orning I found he had poured some kind of spirits over the curtains and set them on fire, and had then put the fire cat with w-ater. The cxurtains were spoilt. I have known iin titkle a redhot poker and chase his sisters about. He has lccked Isis sisters in a room and threatened to burn them. I have known him to hang a cat by the tail out of the window. He required much attention. These are some of the facts from which I form an opinion that he wvas slot sane. WVhen he got to be a great bov of 17 years old, when lie cut or hurt himself, and the place got well, he has taken a sharp-pointed knife and cat it open again, thinkin- it had " healed false." He has prickedhimselfwithasmail. pointed knife to write lisname in his own blood. He did a greit snainy other similar acts, but I cannot recollect them. I was 50 last February'. The fau.ily of Mr. Dove, the father, was a very pious religious one. Great pains were taken to give the prisoner proper rehigioas instruction. They wore. WFeslevraus, The psisoeler could not readily be taught his religions lessons. That was one of the reasons on which I form miy oyinion that he wa s not in his right mind. Ro.exainlmed by MIr. OVmsERESD.-The boy wvas seven years old when he put a lighted candle in a basket. He wan 16 or 17 years old whten he put the spirits on the curtains I By his L0mtSsarr.-He was corrected for this. He was ometinses .flegged. Hfe was not flogged for this. He ais an atprentte slhen. He told me he put the spirits on tlie curtains tohave a blaze, and then put it out. He was sent to the Weslevan College. :3 ganah Paley; exasnied by Mr. BHaycaY. I amn a servant, residing with the prisoner's mother. On GoodFriday 1 went to her house tofetcha dog. On Saturday, after the funeral, I went in5toteroon in"wgich Mfrs.Dovehaddiedwith Mmrs. Woud a3d tih dbg. The dog was taken ill after leaving the house and died. There vas some blood on the floor. Crosm-examined.-I did not see the dog lick the blood or eat anything in the house. MaryHi skexamined by Wr. HaDY.-I live vith ny son in Upperhead-row in Leeds. I was intimare with the Doves Zor about a year after they were married. T'he week MIrs. Dove. did' MIr. Dove caLme for une the Wednesday before: her death,, He said ishe was very. ill. ind 'wished me to go andl see her. He seemed 6eVy 'much Itigieed; tan 1 seb some bred -and peat and ivater before - him. -ie said he' isa teetotaller. 'HRe said his wrife -as very ill, and he did hot spxiiect her:to get:better. She seemned uch better than I a;pectid-to find her. She complained of i deadfeelingiin er'fet; she had ao t)ain anywvhere ole. Mr. DIve vS6 g'e.eut. Howilked with rne and my sister to -theotrain at i6irishe)f Ibid I wa~s srprised toaese ir so muh beter tbims: hsehad aid, with anice colour. He alid, "'Yondosa'taee her at thewor5t, iifoneof elr attacke. I sam c"Yriadht she her anot get better." 'He said he wished hbr to liars-further advice. ,l saw Irs. Dove again on Friday. Sh s3id ethe lhad had a ery severe attaeck the day before; but if the attaclk's kePt Off hhe should get bettor. She' complained bf pain in hbr fe(it ai isd 'jzia 1 I saw Mr. Do.e give her -her medicine. She com- plained ver,r much of the nauseous bitter taste, and asked for a sweet lozenge. Mr. Dore said Mr; Morleyhad made the medicine three times stronger to keep off thous, attacks, He washed out the glass and wiped it and saie, ,Mm. Hicks, I always wash the glass, the medicine a6 so very uanseons." I saw him with his handkerchief to his face and appearing to weep. On the way to the statioa he said he was confident his wife wouldnever get better. Ife knew Mr. Morley would want a post mortem exauination, He wanted it in the case of his father, but his moather would not consent, and he was determined it should not take plwac with Ins wife, as she did not wish it, and he had Prombned her itshould not. He said he should most likely marry again; nobody could expect hima to remain single, a young man like hin, and he should no' seU his faniitare. I said it was ridicalous talkidg in that way; his wife was nuot l~kely to die. We missed the train, and JMr. Dwors wished us to return and sit with his wife. Mr. Dovo then walked home with us. On the way I said, "Now, go yon back; we do not wanit company, and Mr4. Dove May, have another attack IlHe said, she would not till half-past 10 or 11 o'clock. I said, "De those attacks come on periodicaUy then ?" and I do not think he gave me any answer. A litt le 4rhiie after he saidl " Did youx see me go into the dress-ing room to weep ?" I was called uponSngday nornarig, at20 ainwates to l, by the prisoner knockin- at the shop door. I opened the window, and. seeing him, i called up one of my eons to let hitn in. He said ' Oh, she's gone, shiA's gone, MSO. toicks let IHe was very much intoxicate(L He said he had been obliged to take a little brandy to 1keep his spirts up. I asked biim who was at the house; he zaid he did not know. I said he should have told his mother before me. I went to see the corose on the Tuesdav after. There wasan imquest. I asLed the reason for it, and he said " Oh, we live in a bad neighbourhood, and we have not lived happily together; but it's all moonshiae." She never spoke against him; but we did not like to go to the house because of the manner in which they lived with regard to each other, and so this intimacy dropped. Cross-exaniined by Mr. BLSSs.-She complained on the Wednesdav that the medicine was very nauseous and bitter, ard the Worst she had tasted. The acquaintance ceased berause of his strange and unaccountable conduct. Ilhotght he had no affection for his wife when he talked about mar. rying again. The w,hole talk on the Friday Fwas about a post mo3rtem examination, mnarrying again, ard giving Mrs. v ithsus a present for her kimisness.t lle-examined.-liis strange and unsccoun,able -onduct wvas, le drank too much, and I did not like him to associate with y ysons. r heard of his bad behaviour to his wifethat wzas another thing, his cruelty to his wire. I never heard it from her, but from others; and it was strange and unaccountable to use a wife so. Another reason v. wa I did not consider him truthful. -Maria Kilham wee present and heard all that had passed. Maria Kilham was tendered as a witness, and not asked anything on the part of tie prosecution. Cross-examined by Mr. BLISS.-The prisoner wzs very glad that we had gone there. They both spoke of theprobability of Mltrs. Dove'smrother coming, and Mr. Dove expressed his pleasure. I said, "W'e w,ill have a cup of tea whlen eshe comes." The prisoner said, " That you can, and plent3 ofteacakes." Hre appeared to be very kind indeed to his wife. He offered his wif;e a biscit in the shape of a heartli She said 'I cannot eat it, it is too hard." Ir eeived.aletter from Mrs. Jenkins, Mrs. Dive's mother, retnestingire to go to see her. Prisoner asked me to aste the meticine. I did sa. It was not so particularly bitter, but very disag eeable. On the way home he spoke repeatedly of Mrs. lMtham's kindness to his wife, and that he should make her r. handsome present-a book or something of that kind; it should not cost less than l6s. or 1s. I thought that a very splendid present. Prisoner and his wife appeared to live together very comfortably, like other people? e-examined.-He said, wihen we persuaded him, to go back on the Friday, the shocks would not come on y.;t, and if they did Mrs. WVitham wvomld be there. John Wood, examined by Mr. OVEEESD.-I live at Burley. I saw the prisoner on the Ist of March. Ile said his income was 901. odd a-year. T'his was before his wife's death. He said, on account of his wife being very ill it laid very hard upon him, as he had to be up night and day. I saw him again about 10 o'clock at night. I told him bis wife was very ill indeed, and I had sent a man for Mr. M[orley, the doctor. He ran to Leeds hinmself. I saw him abDut 11 o'clock. He said his wife -as dead. He appeared very agitated. and I think he was crying. He gave me orders ,o take a cofhin-board to his house, and he said he wvould take a walk. I saw him again that night at half-past h' or 1 o'clock. He was then drank; and I saw him taken u Dstairs to a bedroom. Cross-exaniined.-Both prisoner and Mrs. Fisher came for a coffin-board. They caine together. I remenaber the prisoner coming to miiy house a month after he oame to Cardigan place. Be said he was very unhappy. and said he thought it was necessary that he cad his wife should be par.ed. I endeavoured to pacify him, and after that Ito said he would go and take his wife to chapel. After that at times he appeared to live happily witlh his wife. On the !bth of January he raceived some money (5/.), and after Cast he was drank almost every day, till it wvas nearly all spe:at. I exposhdated wvith him for not giving his wife some of it. Ele said, "Do I owe you anything 9"H .is wife said, Yes, you owe Mr. Wood Is., which you borrowed of him to get drumk with." He then went upstairs and brought down two sovereigns. and threw them on the table to me, and I gave them to Mrs. Dave. That night he complained aboat bis wife, and I told him, "All women talk to their husbands when they get drunk, and Ile mu;t excuse it." Her manner of speaking to him was iather sliarp. After this I remember his coining home very *Irun-k and very dirty. le came down for Mrs. Dove. He pit his arms under her petticoats, and I told him I was ashaumed of him. The same night he asked for some beer, and I interfered, and requested them to let him have some, as I th )auht he was the owner, and ought to have the key of his tap.. PRe-examined.-He wvas worse for liquor that nigit. Mr. Henry Thomas Sturgeon, inciumbent of B3urley, near Leeds, exaiuined by Mr. BAYnvX.-OQ Fridav. the 2.ith of February, the prisoner canie to mny house about 11 o'.-lock, and told ine his wife was very ill, and asked nme to g; and see his vwife. lie apologized, and said he was not one -)f my congregation, bet he had heard I did not object on th it account to visit anyone in my parish. I told him he had heard rightly. Hle told mue then his vife was verv dangerously ill, and unot likely to live. He rensiided me f knexw his fEther. I said I did, that he wvas a very piotL moan. He said he did not live up to his example. le heartily wished that he had been a righteonu itian, that his prayers on behalf of his wirfe might be heard. He said his wife was attacked with spasms on the nerves. I asked himii u'hy lie had not come sooner if his wife was so ill. I told hins I had twvo sick pe-sons to see, and as sooma as I had seen them I would calL I followed him in abont an hour. Hle iat.-oduced me to Mr. D-ve upstairs, and said, " My dear, I halve brought Mr. Stungeon to see you." She apneared nervous. He went out, and I endeavoured to calm her. I prayed with her, iand read a portion of Scripture to her, but She said little to use. She seemed better than I expected to find her. Fler voice was strong. I told hinm I was glad to find Mrs. Dove was not so ill as;1 expected to find her. He said she was tolerably well w-hen the spasms were not non hcr. He wished tuie to come next dav, Saturday. I said I saw- no occasion, as she did not appear in immediate danger, and Saturday was a busy day for clergymmuen. He said the danger was, that she might go off in one of her attacks of spasms. I called again on the Saturday morning. She appeared better. I aslked her how che vwas. She said she wvas better. I said, " I am glad you have had no retirn of the 'spasmns." She said. "h, yes' I had the severest attack last night." She said she never suffered in her life such pain. Cross-examined by Mr. BLISSS.-The prisonerrequestedme, after the visit on Saturday, the 1st of Marchi, So continne my visits to his wife and to take her by the hand. I pronused to do so. I thought the prisoner was very anxious about the spiritual welfare of his wife. I spo ke to him about having additional medical advice.E He said we have every confidence in Mr. Morley, and he knows lfrs. Dove's constitution ; and he thought it would offend Mr. Morley if they had further medical advice. John Hicks, examined by Mr. HARDY.-I amn a bookseller in Upperhead-row, Leeds, and live there with ny mnother. I was called up about half-past 12 o'clock on Studay morning, the 2d of March. f saw the prisoner through the -window. The prisolner said, "Forod's sake comnedown and let me in." I opened the door, and he seemed very much excited and intoxicated. e said, " Oh, poor Harriets dead: I wish I could weep." He appeared in great trouble. He wished me to go home with him. .He pleaded so piteously and earnestly that I went with him. We were talking all the way about bis wife. IC asked him about hor death. He said, "Oh, do notallude to it." Ife said he was very apprehensive of an inquest being held on Mrs. Dove, iind lao was afraid they would examine her body; and he had been to Mr. Morley to express his fears, and Mr. Mrorley said, "My dear M1r. Dove, there wihibe no necessity fon t." Cros,-examined.-I had not before that seen himn for 18 months. I had before that virtually forbidden him my house. He said Mrs. Dove had objected to the post ^ortcm examination. Re-examnined.-Tbe facts which led me to forbld him amy hotnse were becauise he frequently came intoxicat , and on aecount of his general conduct to his wife. Before he was forbidden my house I had seen him corstantlyonce or twice a week. I did not see mucb to speak of in his conduct to his -ife. , enry P:ose, examined be Mr. HARDY.-I a a, baker at leed.4. I reieie'mnber seeing th rioethTusdybefore Mi's. Dove die at Thomas Oehat' rmso.When Lwent in he was behind the door. I sat dow. M. Dove sItdow-n near mne, and gave me his card with his adldress on it. Ile had a glass of gin and cloves. He asked me to-walk with him, lie said his wife was poorly. She thought asoe should get better, and the doctors thought so, but h 5 thought siot. Afteaher death he said I was to go to his house, ana they would have a general jollidcation. I said ww e ca't do better tlhan ar few o f ans come dowrn in a coach on Sunday ana thtke dinner -with ou. He said-"No-; not till after stywifs deth and I should see it' thle newspper"1 lesamd-"n`AftWer aui -wife's death I ca;nnot do vadhout i'dxniaiafdr mfy a'ccom;modation ; if i lighted on oue that v-'cnld suit bin would I t ake h er down to his bauserI I b3e H e ask-ed my nlname, anld I -refusd to teliat.-Ca Cross-exam ie himed.-When hewalked with me -ad said he khad smething of i ortan to talk tomeabout. I did-notHenry Harrisosi, examiked by Mr. 0vxnnsR-2n.-I havte knon he uioaer 0 uoatb. l keuvhim atX~ormantou. He 6c6dnilted ibe about his wife's health. I am lb dentist. I profes~s water-casting. I have done a little in astrology. Peatan r ins iiitie hbiit 6f conisulting mne. The -prisonear Is7saaig i" -to do sonmethinmg for bun, which I ne-ver has's There was an. Uusion to strychni3. AftS rreadinit Di*3 hsald; 'Could I et or ihle hlimany -" bJ lsia "16." - s.id, "Why n 't 1 1 said, " Not for tihe woria." H:e said - if I would not. he could get some elsewhere. Isww-bis againonThursda the Othof 3arcb. Hesentfor me. -H ave me a fanerel card of his wife, He sIU-ther was aEu; jnquest onahis wife. I laid, " What for P' He said, ".ould they detect a grain or a grain and a-half of stryci- iia?" I said, "Why; hzve you glven ler somear Me. said"ld.; but he had got some of Ax. orley,s maD, to poison cats, and some might hive been spilt, and she hsve got it." I saw bim again on Friday. He said, I'tr. Morley has told me they leave found poison, in my wife; would theytakeme if Igo hack! I said, "Ifyou aceinno- cent5 go back; wrhat oaasion have you to be frightened?' They will not take you if you are innocent," and he wunt away. Cross-examined.-I went on one occasion to his houte at Braimhasa Moor, and saw hipi and his wife together. They were not lhing together comfortably. He asked her to take some wine, and she would not take it at his hands. The prisOner was easily affected by liquor. I never saw him but twioe without his being in liquor, and then he was alwarys talking about being hunted by devils and spirits, zhunder and lightning. He told me he had sold his soul to the devil. but I had bigger power over -the devils than he, and could send devils to frighten his wife from ber own bead to go and sleep with him. They had been sleeping separate. Sometimes he would come and say the devls were comfort. able now, but theJ were in the house; wvras there noway of getting thema out! HIe conilaned of noises. That was thunder and lightning. He attriuted the thurnier and Iightening to the devil. This was almost every time he hai liquor. I attributedit to dcf7iriier treenas. He said this about the devil to me many timles. I remember his being throwrnfrom his horse once. HIe sid cont.nuallythat he had sold his soul to the deviL He applied to me many timnes to send the spirits to t4rmenthis wife and send bar backto his bed. le came tor meto find out for him where a man resded whom he had sold whert to, aud who had nob paid ham. Ite-examined.-I have a little medical knowledge. He generally came to me to borrow money when drunk-, to get home witha. Byv His LonDsHrr.-I did not encourage him to think I could rule devils. It was his own fancy. I told him I could cast his nativ-ty, and when I sa%v the state of his mind I did not finish it. He lhad had liquor When he came 0o ask me to cast his nativity. i thonght I could do thxt for him. I believe in the stars. lHis LonRsDn'P.-You do. And you fincd a great )nauy others do the same thing, I dare say ! By a Jnryman.-He made no remirks about thunder and lightning on the 6th anid 7th of March, whea I saw him after Mire. Dove's death. Ann Walker, examined by Mr. BAYLEY.-In January last I kept the New Cross Inn. Harrison and the prisroner were ian the bar, and the paper was read about Palmer. The witness gave the same account as the last as to the conversation about strvehnia. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeaiit WlLINscs.-She knew the prisoner's nanme w*as Dove. There were others Preseat and leard the conversation. W. Story, examined by Mr. MtrDmu.-Wa- liresent at the New Cross Inn wlhen the paper was read. and beard " a gr.siu and a-quarter" mientioned by Dove to Harrison, but we's not certain whether it was of " mercary" or not, Cross-examined.-I was not paying particular attention. Elizabeth Brown, examined by Mr. lRAFLan .-I am housekeeper to Harrison, at Leeds. On tbe 7th of March l r member Dove calling onMr. Harrison. I ouened the door. I heard Dove say, " They liave found pi3son in my wvife; wh *t must I do 9" Mr. Harrison said, "Go home to be sure, and if you are innocent they will do nothing with you." Thomas Glover Frost, examined-I keep the Victoria Shades, near the 3idland Railway Station at Leeds. The prisoner came to my house on Thursday, the 6th of March. He asked me if I had heard he had lost his wife 9 I said I ha Inot. He asked me abou' disposing of his furniture, whether he should keep ot his house or sell his furniture. He told me he had ?1. a-week coming to him--a little indei en lency. HIe told about strychnia-introducing the sub3ect himself-howv much would poison. me s le took out his sunufbox and showed me a quantity suffirient. He said he was suspected of poisoning his wife. 1 said, " If you have, your owvn consci-nce go vwiahyon." He appear ed quite calm. He Faid his mother-in-law and sister had been, and he hai giv.-n them the whole of his wvife's clothes. Cross-c>xamined by MIr. BLIssb.-He had sever1al times seen him and his wife together. They appeared a very loving couple. He appeared to pay her great attention. He showed witness her wedding ring, which he wora on his finger. He said several times he had no family, and asked me what I should do under similar circumstanaces He told me he had got the strychnia of Dr. 3forley's young man. Mrs. Elizabeth Jenkins, examined by Mr. OvEBEND.- I am the mother of the late Mrs. Dove. i)y daughter u-as married in 1852. She was 25 when sbe was married, antd 2)9hien shedied. She w-Ls3mrried in Plymouth, and after their nmarriage they went to reside at a farm at Bramhain, and then to Normanton. I received a letter from the prisoner dated the 26th of Februarv, 1856, anid also one on the 28th. [The letters read by the learned counsel in his opening were put in and read.] I wrote by return to him, and received a second letter. [Letter put in and read, dascribing' the state of his wife.] I also received a leiter from 16rs. lilhami. I arrived in Leeds on Mo.nday, the 3d of March, and found my daughter dead. I did not see himn til Tnesday afternoon. lIe came then into rlie back iirlour. He shook hands wvith me, and went gand sat down. After tea he showed me my daughter's ring, and said, " I can't think but I shall marry again." I said, " I hope never to see that ring on another woman's finger." lie then directed some funeral cards to people in P1ymonth. lie showed me some bottles of medicine she had been takin, and a Bible, and hoped I was satisfied. I wvent upstair; to look at my daunhter before the coffin vwas closed. He was tbere. Be kis;ed her and said, "Lord teach us to niunber our days that we may apply our hearts to wisdom." On the Thursday lie gave nec some of my daughter's clothes. On the Friday, the day of the adjoZraed nquest, at breakfast, he said, " Do you knowv a sprinkle of oil of almonds would kill a persjin. Arsenic you can detect in a body after 20 years; belladonna you cannot; one is a mineral, the other aN vegetable. Hre then took up a piece of salt and said, "There ii a poison like this; a manyou can detect it in, in n voiuaon you cannot." On the 23d of MEay I received a letter from hi -n from York Castle. [The letter was put in and read. It contai:ed a solemn asseveration that lhe was not guilty of the charge preferred against him, with a list of the counsel retained in the case.j In October last I catie to see nay daughter in consequence of a letter, I wvent with her to a l.awyser. Theprisoner walLs present. An arrangenient had been comne to about a sepurat.ion. llt. links, the tawyer, ;aid, the prisoner wished her to remain, and asked her if ee wvould remain. Mrs. Dove said, " WVhat sball I do." I said, I wished to take you home w;ith me. SMr. Ubi,ki said, "Mrs. Dove, if you are willing to try him again I will n,ot charge you anything for making out the paper again." He u-a to allow her 20!. a-yexr. Cross-examined.-He seemed rather indifferent. AU was amicably arranged. At times they were not very pleasant to eah other. I remained about a forutight with them. lrs. Risden was present when he talked of marryinig again. Mirs. Risden as also present when the conversati,,n toxok place about the poison. I had a letter frosu Lrs. Xilhamu t say there was no danger. That letter did not delay my coming. 1My daughter Susan had been living four mr five months with them at Norenanton. Rc-examined.-I said to him on my arrival " I mished I had beeni two hours here before her death, to have known the canie of her death." By Mr. BLISs; (by permission of his Lordsbip).-On one occasion he threatened to shoot me and himself. This was on the 16th of January, 1853. Eimuma Spence was living in the ho-ase then. By Mr. OVEREND.-My daughter was weeping in the parlour. They had been to Leeds. She said, "I thought not to have seen you again. William has drove me home in three-uarters of an hout, and said he would drive inc so in returning." iHe had been drinking, but vas not very drank. I said to him, "You are the cause of her weeping." He went out and fetched two pistols. I shrieked, and caught my daughter by the arm, and ran into the parlour. S.,oa after he presented a pistol again at me, and I slaieked anid r.un with my daughter and Enma Spence into the bra-.vhouse. My daughter at last went out to see him. I followed soon after, and saw him with my daughter in a corner, and he said he would blow- her brainsont ffshe moved. -After a time he fired them out of the window. He was v ery excite_d and had been drinking beer. I never saw him throw up a, ca.t aud fire at it. I know the gun was loaded that night. By a Jumryman.-Re had a great deal of beer after he presented the pistols. He bad had beer before. He was driakinug the ale while he hee my daughter in the corner, with a pistol presentadat her. Heput the pistol to his own mouth. Mrs. Iliaden, examined by Er. HAISDy.-I am Mrs. Dove's sister. I remember the coroner's inquest. Aftwr the inquest 1 received a note from the coroner, telling me my sister would now be interred. On Thursday morning I ieard my mother say to the prisoner, " I wish I had been here two hours before coy poor child died, to have seen the cause of death." She went out. He shouted after her, and said, "You havecome here with yourpoor temper, have vou? I don't care for you or George Remhart (one of his fatlier's executors) or Jane Dove (his sister)." He said afterwarja "Why did you wish to be here before yonr clild died 1 She said "You often spoke unlindly to my child, aud caused her to have hysterics." He said she was not in hysterics then; she was never like what she had then. Croms-examined.-I told himn I thought what she had had was hysterics in a more violent form than before. Mary Wood told mo what had been tbe matter with her, end said they were hysterics. Mv sister had hysterics alter losing a brother, through troul;le. I have seen her in hyAerical lits After her brother's death she was subject to them;butforyears before her marriage shehad nothad "0m.On appeaeo- t hav spasms or nos in the t'em. Shle appeared to have spasms, or nioise in thet etomach, and twitchings-amndher arms would ierk. She was in a nervous state for a short time. , By his LorI)s.uP.-EHer attwcks of hysterics would last %. quarter of an hour, and then she would recover. She did not scream, she was insensible; she could boar to be rubbed. Her legs were stretched eut. Herbackwas quite straight. She had ro sensation about the jaws, and no difficulty of' breLthng,. I have seen her-aunt in hysterics and her symptoms w-ere exactly the same. OttewelNell, ~o$icer of th coroner, examined,- -Iappreheaded the prisoner on the 7th of March. 1 received.a piaee of carpet from Mrs. Wood, -which I fitted to some asks on the floor, and also a piece of wood which I fitted to the dloor. I examined a raer-case. There were two razors only in it. Cross-exined.-I attended the inquest. The prisoner Waited to attend it. When I searehed him he bed MO not to take a ring, from him bacuse it belonged to his w~ife. John Blliotwon, pail oM r. ldorley, sureon, of Lees. i3mnineod-I knew reprsoner. Me was in the habit of eoDinng to- )r. Morley'em srTgery for mnedicine. About a - ino obfori e re Do iseathIhia a couversation witit h 5in about- . r's tmdal-.nild,ahdt, a pdoisn XHe said Palmer bad Dpoion.mdlii wife by civin3g her adoetf ant-i, ! ooniy. Em gsdokhadlaeen poisoned bystmychinia. Vom aid a smi oidsotthed etecsofatcihnia, that it cowUl seethih: I.td.aA mit 4i acid6 waoeothe0tti -*
WESTERN CmRCTTT. WINICHSTER, JTuix 18. NLsM PRIus COURT. SHARBE AND ANOTHEBR V. MACAtULEY. The triWl was resomed this morning by the prgduction of the following evidence * Beata Elizabeth Mfacauley.-I am sister of the late George Macauley. My father was a merchant in London. He died on the 3d of March, 1803. George Macanley was the eldest son by the second marriage. My brother Urry Macauley has been in a. lunatic asylum, put in in 1813 till 1815, and in 1817 he went to India, and he was then two years in the lnnatic asylum, and he has ever since been under restraint. Clara, my sister, is also in a lunatic asylurm. I recollect George a boy. He was then a peculiar person and unsociable. He had an aversion to have on clean linen, An old nurse used to be brought in to coax him. He went to the Rev. Orley Macauley's. Vhen 14 or 15 he would not associate with other boys. It was difficult to make him dress properly. Before the death of my father we went to reside at Bedford. My mother died in 1847. George was sent to Cambridge. He arrived there at night, and left the next morning, returning to Bedford. My mother was greatly distressed about it. He continued to live with my mother at Bedford. Ho read a good deal, but took no part in anything. He could not go anywhere with the family. He nsed to swear a good deal and throw things about. He rose late. He would not have his coat brushed. He did nothing lke other people. My mother went with him to the Isle of Wight in 1b12, when he came of age. He had a property there. My mother returned to Bedford, leaving him behind at the Isle of r'i-ht. He went to the island in February, and returned to Wedford in October. He had been on a vist to my half sister at Guildford. Mr. Watkins was sent to bring him home. He returned in a most filthy state; his linen was yellow, and in razs. His face seemed as if it had not been washed sirce he went away. He had a long beard. His habits were very filthy; he lived in his bedroom and a parlour adjoinin"t. M: Pither, of the lunatic asyslum, was sent for. Iy mother used to say-"dly dear son, will you change your linen?'Ss and he would swear, and would not do it. I spoke to him about it, and he wvould swear. MLr. Pither cleaned him forcibly. He took off his clothing, and put on clean, and washed himn. After Mlr. Pither left he put on his dirty clothing again, and Mr. Pither was sent for, and the old things were burnt. He made noises like the lowing of a cow, and created little mobs round the house. He did it more in the night than in the day. He never left the house. He had ricketty legs and large ankles. He avoided our friends, but very few came in because of his state. He once hba some gum arabic which he stirred with a piece of iron for five or six weeks. He would disturb us all in the night, and we constantly sent for a surgeon. He did not appear to be suffering pain at the time he made the noises. He ordered books. He was removed in 1814 to Mr. Ronghead's, undermaster of the Free school, who had been clerk to my grandfather. He wvas removed on account of his excessive filth and the noises he made, and the terror there was of him. He would throw thingsapparently at a person. Hie would threaten to knock my mother down. and curse her when she asked him not to make noises or to change his linen. He took his meals at our table. He remained at MIr. Jloughead's till his death in 1815. He was then removed to Jackson's at Bedford. He lodged there. He did not remain there long. He then went to frs. Hawkin's. My mother and I left home in 1818 for three months, and on our return we found George had left, and we lost sight of him for some years. I next saw him on his deathbed. In 1833 I went to Christchurch, understanding my brother was there. I went to Mrs. GouOgh, and asked if I might be in the house. I stayed in the house six weeks. I did not see my brother during that time. I spoke to him through the door, and he said he could not admit me into his room. We had a good deal of conversation through the door. I named the members of the family, and he would swear. I only made one attempt to go into his room. On one occasion I got aglimpse of him, and he then threw the clothes over him and swore at Mrs. Gough. He was in bed. Theroom was very dirty, and the smell was very bad. I heard the old noises from his room. Mrs. Gough attended upon him. At the end of six weeks I went away. I returned to Christchurch in 1840, and got into my brother's house. I remained there seven weeks. I made an cf.-,t to get into his room, but he would not admit me. I namcd his cousin, Mr. Trnbull, a clergyman. He said he was a wretch, wbo deserved to be kicked to - in another -world. I asked him why. He said he had once put a question to him about the structure of the human body, and . Turnbull recommended him to ask a surgeon, thereforehe deserved to be kicked. I spoke of my mother. He caled her filthy names and swore at her, and said he wished Prince Albert would send himn a supper. I used to go every evening. Sometimes he would not answer me when I spoke to him. -o told me the detested wretch Mrs. Gough kept him in a state of starvation. I asked him why he stayed indoors always? He said he was obliged to do so to keep house. I spoke of Regent-street, and asked what use it was-what good there was in having Regentstreet. I said London was a large place, and wanted a large street, and then he began to swear. The effluvium from the room was very bad always. I smelt it through the door. One night the Goughs were out, and he threw a quantity of earthenware downstairs. In 1840 Mr. Scott told me he was chucking the meat about the room. He swore, and said God Almighty had - the meat. He repeated that about 40 times. Mrs. Scott appeared frightened. I went again to Christchurch in 1843, and took lodgings there. I again made an effort to see him, but without success. He would not see me. I mentioned my family to him. He swore at every one I named. He said that detested wretch Mr. Cough had brought another person into his house, and that peorson wvas a baby, for he heard it squeak;* that they tried to deng it at iirt, but then they said it WaS Mrs. Somebody's cousin, and brought in when Jane was confined with a cold, and said he had better ask a magistrate who was in his house. He began to swear a good deal and said he was in a state of starvation. My mother had frequently written little affectionate letters to him. I went again to Christchurch in October, 1845. I called at my brother's with Mr. Davis, a clergyman, and Miss Goddard. I asked to be admitted. Mrs. Scott put her head out at my brother's window, and said I was not to enter the house. I sent a communication to the LordChancellor. My brother sent a large salmon to my mother, at Bedford. I went there again in 1847, and called at the door, and asked to see him. Mrs. Scott told me to go away, and not to put mJ foot inside the door again. I offered my card, but she refused to takd it. I put it on her arm. The next morning my card and several of my mother's letters to my brother were sent to me, which appeared to have been opened and resealed with a thimble. In June or July, 1852, I was at Christchurch and saw Mr. Ris2en Sharpe. I went to his office to let me rent a little cottage of my brother's at Cowes. I said "I consider my brother insane ; do you consider him sane T" and I asked him to rent the cottage and sublet it to me, as I had a whim to be upon the property. He said he would speak to his brother. He said he vished to induLee my brother to make a will, but he seemed averse to it. I said " Why snake a will, the property will go to the family, and yon know the will will be disputed." Mr. Sharpe said, " Oh I I know that, but the costs will come out of the estate." I wrote dowvn the conversation and showed it to a lawyer. I did not get the cottage, Mr. Sharpe saying it could not be done. On Palm Sunday, 1854, Cbarles Jeffery caled upon me at Christchurch, where I was then living. He brought a basket, with Mr. MacauleY's corapliments ; it contained a loaf of sugar. I sent bace my love, and I was greatly obliged, and desired Jeffery to say I had inquired after my brother's health. I used to write to him, but my letters were returned. I afterwards wrote to him to thank him for the sugar, and asked hlm to let me have one of his little cottages. I heard of my brother's illuness on Monday, the 13th of November. On the 20th I called at my brother's. Mrs. Scott opened the door, and said my brother was very ill. I said I should liketo see him. She said she would inquire if I might see him? I followed her to my brother's bedside. He looked in a dy state. She said, "Imiss Macauley." He looked up an said, "Who is that lady?" Alrs Scott said, "Miss Macaley." I said, " Say Beata." She did so, and he l.ooed up and said, " Ity sister Beata." I said to m.rs. Scott " lay I kiss bim $l" and he said not his mouth, and I then kissed his forehead. I said, shall I come again ? and he nodded his head. I remained half an hour, and returned again in an bour, and-he seemed in a lethargy sand took no notice. I then asked to be sent for if he was worse, and was sent for at 11 o'clock that night. Mrs. Jeffery andhber daughter came and said they thoaght him sinking. I walked with them. I asked M;rs. Scott if my brother had received my letter. She said it could not be given to him on the Monday, for he was in a spor the whole day and night, hut on Tuesday mornng be revived a little,and shegot five draughts downhisthroat; 'that Mr Palmier saidthe draughts w ould do it, and it was a wonderful reviver. lie then had my letter, and gave it to Mr. Sharpe. Thatthe next day he sumk again, andlaid very hmen ma- dose the rest of the time. M,rs. Scott said he hnd asked many times if I had -written to thank him for the sugar, and if I had done so I should havo bad something more sent to me. Whensslswhimthatnmghthe hadthe rattles in his throat. I remsined alU night. lexpressedawiash to have a second roedical opmnion, and I wrote to that ffect. to Mr. Palmer. Or the Tuesday I called anid saw him again. le seemed much the same OnWedneedayl went and ho was worse. He looked earnestly at mo and said something. Mr. Jeffery said he wanted pen aud ink. She put it before him and he tried towrite,but heconld not. He made a sigr for something else, and she gave him a pencil, but he could not write. I went awvay for an hour and came back and stayed til he died on Thursday morning. In my Opinion he was not of sound mind. Wfe never considered binm to answer like other people on any point. He suffered very much at the time of his death. He had convulsions. I afterwar.ds entered a caveat against the probate, Iand I had a Rosf-morte,n examination made. Cross-exammed.-HIe was not a rational person from his earliest years, nor competent to do rational acts. He was of unsound mind I considered. I can't sav whether I dealt with him as a rational person. I frequently wrote letters to him, as did my mother. I was in Wales on several occasions. Some acts are rational; some irrationaL My mother wrote to him. It was at my suggestion that I followed Mrs. Scott to my brother's bedside, and she allowed me to do so. I don't know whether he was deaf. IIe said, "My sister Beata." He seemed in a dying state. le appeared to know who was meant. On the 2lst of November the breathiRg of the chest was easier. I did not then talk to him. He had been breathing hard. I did not know hehad been suffering for years from an affection of the throat. He seemed to make an effort to speak, but that the effort was too much, and then Mrs. Gough brought pen and inl, but his fingers seemed stilff and after trying to write he threw tho pen down. It was clear he was making an effort to write. This letter is in my mother's handwriting-dated the 30th of April, 1816:-" To mg son's servant.-My first desire is to know how my dea est son is. I have been very ill, so that anything sent will be acceptable-a salmon or dish of smelts. Give my dearest love to my dearest son. I trust he has not been annoyed again by his falso sister." That false sister must have meant myself, but I could explain it. In 1825 I wrote to my brother sending him some pamphlets 1 had published. In another letter f acknowledged the receipt of 51. which he had sent me. I wrote to him, being anxious to keep up a comnuinication with him. Occasionally I received money fromn him aridarticles of. dress. never had wnat I apolied for, but he sent me things of his own will. In 1831 rhad written to him reoqesting an invitation to Christchhurch. There was such incongruityin my brother thatsometimeshe would retu-n my letters. I communicated family matters to him. by letter. [Manyletterswereread, showingthatthefamily treated him as a sane person. They were dated in 1825, 1826, 1827, 1828, 1810, 1841, 1842, and August, 1834. In one of the letters is. i841 Miss Macauley desired to be kindly remembered t iJane (Mrs. Scott). In another she said, "if you wish to make me a present it wrould be very acceptable now. Short cloaL-s are worn lined with bright colourrs and the price is about 21. IOs. I have been to see the Queen, and she is a particularly pretty woman. I am now staying vith wealthy people, and a present of either money or clothing would be particularly acceptable now."] In the year 1841 she wrote many letters to her brother asking for presents. of dresses. In 1842, not having received mony irom him while she was staying at Alderman Humphery's, she wrote to her brother, saying that, as he had not answered Mrs. Humphery's letter, she would of course take no more notice of him, but " she merely says, you are a brute for not sending me money for the dress, the want of which prevented my being Godmother to her child." In the letter of Augnlst, 1854, she sent him copies of some books she hadwritten.j Imade an affidavit.v;henapplication was made to the Chancellor; my mother did not join in it. I did oct inform them he was kept in chains. but in confinenient under coercion. I considered it when I could not go into his room. I did not represent that he had large sums in the funds for which he had not for years received any dividends. I cannot recollect it. He had 60f. in the funds. I might have said so. I have said that my opinion about his sanity arose from his filth. I think Imay have said so, hut I cannot say. My opinion depended very much on his filth. I cannot say whether I said if he would join me in adininistering to my mother's effects I would treat him as a sane person. I was very smuch terrified atbout my liabilities. I may have said so, but it was under terror. I cannot say whether I did or did not. I don't think I said to Mr. Sharpe that if I got permission to go into one of my brother's cottages at Cowes I would allow him to be sane and withdraw the protest. [On the 1st of July, 1I8S, Miss Macauley wrote to Mr. Sharpe in this way " I am in want of a home, and should much like one of mybrother'scottages at East Cowes. You wish me to acknowledge George's sanity. The pov.wer to make me do so rests wvith yourself. Make Reorge adopt the course of a sane brother to me; I will acknowledge his sanity and withdraw the protest."3 I saw Mr. Sharpe after my brother's death. d imf ry brother had made a will 9 I told im my brother was not sane. I don't think I said to hini, "If you won't support the will I will take care you don't suffer and that the legacy is made up and doubled, if out of my own pocket." I was in such agitotion at the tine that I will leave it to Mr. Sharpe to say whether I said so. I said he should not lose. (Sensation.) I will not swear that I did not say I would double the legacy. I don't think I said so. I dare not swear that I did not. I don't know. As you, say it so strongly, I must admit it. I don't think I did say it. I had often heard the words, " Which shall be saved, the pudding or the pie?' I don't know that it was a joke when he was at home. He used to write it often in his letters. I don't think my mother used to say to George, "W ell, I George, which snhaU be saved to-day, the pudding or the pie?," He used to walk with a stick, because he could not walk withouit one. Hle did not walk out of the room without holding by something-he did not choose to walk, I think. He was not a cripple. I heard he had walked front East Cowes to Newport without a stick. My father was asn alderman of the City of London. Re-examined.--My mother was in! straitened circunistances. The Esst Tndia Company provide for my brother tTrry. I am very poor. WVe were not able to pay the expense of a commission of lunacy. It was by my mother's desire I made inquiries about my brother's sanity. My moither was very fond of George as a child. The letter in which my mother spoke of my being her false sister is signed twice. Her mind had become shaken at that time. Rpelative to the letter of the 1st of July, 1848, I meant that he should act as asane man, behaving as an elder brother. I soid if Mr. Sharp-i would allow me to see my brother with my solicitor, and in Mr. Sharpe's presence, if they pronounced him sane, I would acknowledge him to be so. I wrote letters to my brother as if he were perfectly sane, as I treat the persons in a lunatic asylmn which I visit. After the vill was made Mr. Scott did not prevent my seeing my brother. I reminded Mr. Sharpe that his father had had an election to manage, and in the list he had entered mny brother's name as lunatic. MIr. Sharpe said he wrould get the is¢t back, it was so dishonourable ta his father's memory. That was in the conversation alluded to after the death. when I said be should not lose. (This witness was three hours and a-half under esamination.) AL A. Rayment.-I am one of the daughters of Alderman Macauley. In my childhood I lived at home with my brother George. He was 12 years old when my father died. *When at Ihdford his mode of life was unlike what it should be, and unlike other people's. He sat uP all night in a general way, and lay in bed great part of the day. He did not go out of doors at all. He did not see visitors when they came; he was exceedingly dirty in his person, and seldom changed his linen. We frequently leard noises in his room at night like a cow bellowing. I recollect his coming home from the Isle of WVight ; he was then very dirty. We seldom saw anything of him till dinner time. We would call him to dinner, but perhaps he would not come for two hours. I recollect Mr. Pither putting clean clothes on him. He behaved very unrkindly to mymother- he would not in theleastoboher. Hewould talk to himsell talk to the wall, hold uu his hand and talk to that. A t dinner he would say " Curse the meat !" and put it down again. He left our house and went into lodgings. His habits did not alter. I went to Christchurch to see bins in 1825. He was then lodging atlMrs. Cranstoun's. I frequently went to see him during the three months I remained at Muddiford, near Christchurch. I used to call about 6 o'clock in the evening; he would be just up, without coat or waistcoat, very dirty. His table was generally spread with provisions. r:e used to stand. I never saw him sit but onice, and I remained with him two hours each visit. I talked to him, but he seldom gave any answers; he occasionally said "Good night" vhen I left. Sometimes I fancied he seemed pleased to see me. He paid for my lodg ing. In 1828 I went to Christchurch. I called upon.Eim frequently, and went into his room, but he drew the bedclothes over his head and held them tight, and I never saw him. I spoke to him, but he never answered. There would be joints of meat and bread on his dressing-table, which was very small. In 1828 I saw Mr. Palmer, and after that I wroto a letter to my mother; he told me that George was labouring under a mental malady, which wa the sole cAuse of his bodily illness. At subsequent periods I wrote three times to my brother. I got no answer to either of them. I never saw my brother after. In my oninion he was of unsound mind, Cross-examined.-In 1895 lie was rational; if he answered at all it would be rationally. He never gave me anyt-hing but a ratiornal answer. Most likely I put a "eod many quest ons to him. If he did not answer, I disinot ask him a second titme. I used to take my worlk and sit wi n mm. 1 can't say why be stood up he was rather lame. He walked with difficulty; he walked quick enough when yonrg. I can't tell that he was a cripple. Sometimes he had on shoes and sometimes he had not. I did not know that, he was in great pain at times in his feet or legs. In 1825 ho wrote to me inviting me to come to Christchurch, and said he would pay al my expenses. On the 16th of March, 1847, I communicated to him the last illness of my mother, and there was no answer to it. Re-examined.-I afterwards wrote to him, announcing my mother's death. He took no notice of it. Rebecca Talbot.-I live at Newport. I was formerly a servant at East Cowes, at a lodging. Mr. M canlev was a lodger. I waited upon him. Eis legs were very bad; always in violent pain. He was attended by a Mr. Day, a medical man. I gave him his medicine and rubbed his legs. Sometimes he -would not take his medicines. I have been there hours inducing him to take them. He was very strange in his manners and behaviour. He would do offensive things in the room. He would sometimes lie in bed two days and a night, and would not take food. He made a noise, f-om the pain in his legs. If ho couLd get the key he would lock himself in. I did not see mLuch food, and what he had he would carry in his pocket-a tart in companv with alamb chop. I never saw hIsit dewn to dinnerlike a gentleman. He would not get up tiUl lhte, and then take all his meals together. Iwaswalkingonthequnyoneday,and he threw a loaf at me-not as a proof of his affection. He has thrown knives and the pokeratme. He was veryviolent at times. I used tohold his hand very tight and cut his nails, the, were so long, and thenI was obliged to run away as fast as could. CreOS-examined,-He seldom satc but walked about the room.- He would keep hsis chlop.n hi _pocket till it Was spoilt. Abont 12 years ago he sent me 10. in a letter of his own accord. ! e-examined.-He sometines- went out, but Dot very often. I used to followlfuinto see wheree ws going. *Wirnam Allen.-IxL 1S22 my father was the gaoler of the eNewport GaoL He bad an executior against 3Mr. Micamley. He lodged at Mr. Gal4ins at Newport. He saidhe wouldnotgo. Eehadastici Sidth which hestrmck ny father. We took him by force, and lodged him in the'I nsonL. We carried him. I attendedhim in prison. We put him in; room by himself. lIe WaS very dirty and remained long in bed- He used to 'quarrel w.th my father and get at him-with the stick. The debt was under 5l. He Iworked it out at I. a-day (under a loal act). iHe snent rnore than 1. while he was there. When in the stref the boys and girls used to make fun of 1dm. Bin a was strange. They called him "Old Calley," and he shook the stick at themn. Hle certainly was aman of unsound mnd. Cross-examiiied.-The prisoners don's do any work. If they arerlufor 17. hey etayed 20 days. He knew the differemce between a chop and a steak, He gave nue money, and I bought what I liked. I madeo oult no account. I only askred for more money. Somnetimnes be was very violent. I i got him newspapers. Elizabeth Tnkelr.-IUve at Christohurob and san a dressmaker. I was apprenticed to Mmr. Cranstown when Mtr. Macauley came there to lodge. I met him in the passage the eveninghe came. He was verydirty inlnisappearaice. H[is habits were very dirty. Mrs. Gough used to attend him. I heard Irs. Cranstown, in the afternoon, ssk h3im to get up. He would swear at her sometimes. I have seen tbe food brought down-he had been sitting on it. I hsve seen vermin from his bead brought down in his slop basin. I never saw him with a coat or waistcoat. His linen s very dirty. I have heard Ms. Craustowvn try a long time, persuading him to see his sister, Flxt he would not. I have heard him throwv tlhe candlestick after Mrs. Cranstown. His sdanner was that of an insane man. Cross-examined.-There were five or six young ladies. We were notoften peeping at him. We laughed at him. We called him old crazy Macauley. Sarah Barron.-I was apprenticed to Mrs. Cranstown. I have seen Mr. Macauley walking in the passage. He had on only a nightshirt. His habits were very dirty. I never saw him in a dressing-gown. Francis Cox.-I am a carpenter at StandDit. I knew Mir. Macauley living at Christchurch for 20 years. I went to repair the door of his bedroom 10 years before his death. He was in the room. He had on a piece of a dressing- gown. Be was dirty, unshaven, his face nearly the I E cOurf a monkey-armixture of dirt an-i stopping in his Erooni. Eis room was ve; y filthy, the ceiling covered with cobwebs, his dressing-table covered with dust three-quarters of an inch thick. It was not a smell, I call it a stink. I took the door away, and was lad to get away. I went back to hang the oor, but 1did nol; see him. IHe said something about the door, but I don't know what it was. Cross-exa3nined.-He did not look like-a human being. I daresay the cobwebs were full of spiders, forthey make cobwebs. The dust wvas about the colour of his face. He said Are you going to repair the door ?" and I said-" Yes, Sir." John Vick.-I live at Purewell. I am a shoemal-er. I knew Macauley for 20 vears. I frequently saw him lool;ing out of his window. He vas dressedin s, sort of a flannel jacket. His face was covered with lhair. I talked to him once, when a fie was going on. He asked me if I knew where the fire was? I told him I did not };now. He asked me if I thought there was any danger!? The fire wvas two or three mciles off. I have been at parties at his house-a nice little merry party. We had cards, and something to eat and drink. Macauley wvas not present. Cross-examined--I know Crabb. He is a nice fellow. We had som.e grog when he came to talk with me about my evidence. I don't know how many glasses of grog he gave me. There were three other witnesses there at the time. Mr. Brace.-I am a solicitor in Laudon. I was solicitor for Mr. Bell relative to the purchase of some land from Mr. Macauley in 1845. It-went on till 1850, whlen it went ofE I received a notice from Miss Iacauley about the state of her brother's mind. The amount of the purchase money was 2,9001. In consequence of that notice the negotiation was protracted. I would not conclude the matter without an interview with Macauley. I asked Mr. Sharpe (deceased) to let me have an interview. After considerable delay I went to the house and saw him. There was a lull of 12 months about the interview. We were anxious to have the property. When I went to Christchurch Mr. Sharpe told me he thought Mr. Macauley was too ill to see me. He said we had not communicated with him mrch of late. I went to the house and was refused admission. I returned to the inn, and some time after M1r. Sharpe told me I could see him, and we went to-ether to the house; it was in December, 1849. Mr. Sha-p vwent upstairs first. There was a woman in the room. MIr. Sharpe called me upstairs. I then sawr Mr. Macauley; he was in a flannel dressing-gown. He seemed to have been shaved recently. He u.as cleanly. I entered into conversation with him. There was a great wildness about his eyes, a singularity of derneanour, and at times an apprent absence of thought. I spoke to him about the delay. He didnot seem to understand it. I mentioned Miss Beata's notice, and he expressed himself with great v-iolence tow ards her and his mother. He e.xpressed himself ready. He said he was going to give the mnoney or some of it away to the women. From the interview I thought his mind very disordered and unsound, most decidedly,so much so that the purchase went off. I felt confident I could not advise Mr. Bell to complete the purchase. After this I received this printed paper in an envelope, directed by Mr. Macauley -M " Chris.tchureb, MWay, 1850 Sir,-I defy Mr. Richard Sharpe to produce letters* in my handwniting, which have been addressed to myself, or to Mr. Blake of Newport. or 'to lMr. Brown of East Cowes, which bear indications of insanitv, or even which bear indications of eccentricity, though Mr. Sharpe has thought proper, in one of his letters to yourself, to introduce this objectionable word. I remain, Sir, respectfully, your obedient servant, " G. SACACLEY. "To George Brace, Esq., solicitor, of Surrey- '" street, Strand, London." "I tell you, good people, that this scrap from the learmed German is all my eye and Betty Martin. Kr. Macauley is not competent to quote, any more than he i3 competent to conduct nis own atTairs. " GEORGE BRnCF." I never wrote anything of that kind. Cross-examined.-1 believed the notice to be an honest one. I have been spea'ing of the elder Mr. Sharpe. Mr. Mracauley seemed to have a memory. He appeared to under. stand the business upon which we tal-ed. I vas there about an hour. He was sitting the whole time, and referred to his leg and spoke about some accident. He said he had been treated very badly by his mother. He himsedf had entered into the negotiation with Mr. BelL He dii not say anything incoherent during the interview, but became very violent about his family. Re-examined.-He said he had been persecuted and illtreated by that bad woman (his mother). He alluded to some proceedings taken in reference to his being locked up. There was a vacancy of expression. I would not have attested the execution of a wll from what I saw. ,Tames Shorto.-I am a surgeon at Southampton, and formerly was articled to 31r. Goddard, of Christochurob, who attended Mr. Macauley in 1826 or 1827. I occasionally saw him-perhaps eight or ten times during that period. He was very dirty. Blood had flowed over his bedclothes from his chest, where leeches had been applied, and he would not allow it to be changed for a fortnight. fis face was unwashed. His hair, and beard, and nails were long. He used to be spitting about the room and on the table. I had conversations wsith him on his case and with regard to his family-that they wisbed to come to see him. He became excited; said he -would rnot see them; that they had ill-treated him. I asked him the reason of his dislike. He could give no reason, but that they had ill-treated him, and he would have nothingto do with them. He said he would have nothing to do with fr. Goddard, because he had urged him to see his family. I believe he was not a man of sound mind at that time. Cross-examined.-He always gave me sensibile answers. He had a sharpness in putting questiors about his disease. I went with the Lunacy Commissioners to see him at the request of Miss Macauley. I pub leeches on him, but did not nearly bleed him to death. Re-examined--My opinion is founded on my recollection of his mnaner and appearance-from thc peculiarity of his babits of filth-his beard-the expression of his eye-the disinclination he had to be made clean; this, taken in connexion with the feeling be had against his family, induces me to believe that he vas of unsound mind. There is something in the eye of the insane which can be detected. Want of cleanliness is one of the peculiarities of insanitv. Aversion from relatives is a common indication. Henry Waterworth.-I am a surgeon, at Newport. Ihave been in practice 2.3 years. On the 25th of November, 18, I made a poet 7unolc7 examzination of Mr. 3acauley. I have my notes made at the time:-" Spare and emaLciated, old ulcerations on the instep, large slough over the right hip, a bed sore., ulcerations on, the back from the same cause, head hones thin, external memnbrane of the brain. adhering to the skin, brain small, firm, and healthy." in 1825 Mr. Macauley wrote to his solicitor, Mffr. Sewell, stating that he had received Messrs. Vaterwvorth's bill, and they had f lched hun; that he would never takejalap again, and pills made him sick. '-Tell Mr. W., my letter would have been much longer, but that I leave off to scratch my head." Dr. J. C. Bucknell.-I am resident of the Devon County Lm.atic Asylum. I have a considerable number of insane Lerso us under my care-more than 500 at the present time. ihave published wForks on insanity. I am the editor of the Asp ham Journal on Inean ii. I have casufully examined the pest sicortens examination made by M!r. Watr worth. There were twvo or three ounces of serum in the brain. His mental fiacuties must have been in a state of considerable decay. It indicates thst the brain has fallen into a state of wasting, amused by long continued mental disease, or it occurs in second child. hood, when the faculties have decayed from age. Those are the only two causes. The seram occupies the place vhich is filed up by that portion of the brain, which is devoted to the organ of the mental faculty. The loougha are common in certain states of paralysis of the insane also they occur when death takes place in dementia, with decay of powers of the whole nervous system. These sloughs are not bed sores, but mortifications. lying in filth will not produce a slough. My judgment upon the pest asor-em is, that he could not have failed to have a eonsiderable degree of mental decay-the appearances were of a chronic description. I have exnamined the brain of many insanepersons. Awantof cleanlinessisasymptomof insanity. Averseon to relations is a very common thing urnforiunately. It is condstent with may experience that insane persons should take plesure in reading. In all aFylams a.- are libraries for the purpose. Insane persons fequentlyread boks of recondite leaning. Aman who is of Unsound mind may have a good memory and acquaintance with his propet. Many aredZrtic1ilay keen as to poaunds, ihilI liags, and penoe. uhVulalons before deatQ are comI mon in persons dyig of brain diseaoses including mental diseae. I did not fSnd in the post rnorteas any mention I " TWt eidola et oedt mrmnDw odeectie quiote izi uortcb1i aut fom. ouooqsUiih saMpmut: solus bic senun ]Dqvi.ir. wque nud=luexhibot.1-X[orb0lDElhsr, O O1 17 cfda wou,nd sun$cienat to account for the conwajn$,;i Mcnclasion is, tht is hram was In muithjffk. The following lett&s wereread ..-- " Sir,-Your aecondl*tere&d"ea, lt ight. . IhayO looked overXr. Waterworth's bi3 and pdon2une-i t ch'a1 ingiunbelrinqitoend.f Abotico eofeaoo 53,..e , bad; a 1box of apersent psils, 4s.-wrone and sa&; jo u y a to minglon. 2L 2s.--rrst of alL. W'S,Iaia raaol,.&: wllow n9 more castor oil ether a bist or te an' sfor tes, themthoght makesu me saCk, nooniay him All the expenses attending ithe joturey to lymington e paid ati.the time, far Mr. W. ilhed 1St irom inipockel. z.nd returned to mne onily G2.; besides, if I gave 'aums'twro guineas, I should acti contrary to his ow.a inljunction,; ' Givo yor mouey to no man, foryonmay wait it se_f' "pIehedacotlrecelved If nd a.do ofilap clssi 3e Well, if I am to be banged to-morrow, wh, peerhap -I meritfor ains commte aId tobe cdmclted, IaMclareg at I uever swahoqred jrodpelthy, abominhble y tou' fit oly for the stomach of a dog. Aa cut ip shint is charged .' very cheap if it hbad a fine cboric fril br. W., lvth or withdont a shvets ay gertleana from top to toe, and to. peared a gneat man cu presence of the baroer wvhen an tha magisterial Manner he orderad tho diner ito be Semoyj& from tbe tatble befort I hadtasted a morseL "'So qdecu retretired efor tlyipt dish, rou'd swear "t ' Saucho's drerudoctor and his wgad weie there.' - "Tell h r. W. the letterovhld be larger, al t hleaveo to scratch myhead " Aug. 13, 1829. " S. MACALTE." "I do not leve myfproperty to nyel Afractifeyafsor. lately, but eonoitionally, as follove :-Wlien haem dead inr head he nearly Cult from my body,-bodyand head to bh tagen to some part of the coast and throdwn mto the sca, awl ieasthsix miles from laud; thattleiyabe madetovgo toib at a bottom. If ny trustees refuse to com py wdth these conditions the property must be sold, and 2,00h . go to illam Warner, 2,000t. to Bedford Infirmary, au d the rem^ainder 1I leave to the clerk who maylhave the honaur of officiatihg i myofuneral." This was the case for the dtendant. Bisden Sharpe, recaled for the plauntht-Miss heacauley told me her brother must have been drsuced with draughts to hnve made the will. She brougi h several charges against my father ad. myself for acting for 1rI sacauley, as we must have known he ithS insa3e I told her I was particudlaed cat ious, becraus shw had given me notice she snonld tispute any will. She asked he whether I knewh of a paper dra-x utp by mv father vhich described the politcal hias oE every voter at . timewhenan offer was made to mnyfthet of alargesumio p;rocure the election of a. member for thes boroulgh, and at the back of which paper my father had marked tue lord "insasne" against Maauef a name71 I told her I knew of no such fact, of any such offer being muade, or any sah mnarkbeing plaeed a1ainst his namne, and X should liketo geti the paper, he saia itwras thenua the hands of Mr. D)rmtt, an attorney of Christchurch. I told her I should apply for that ,naper, as, if there was such a paper in existence, Mr. Drustt bsad no night to it. She sial afterwards that if I wrould n ot act adversely in support ~of the -wil I should not bathe Icser, andthat thelegacy in the 7nUl shonld be paid, or even donbled, even if it .as out of owr purse. I have applied for that paper to ifs. Drulitt. I have not got it. The JvuaG said, 3s he should hear the speeches cf Srr F.w Thaesiger end Serjeant Kingiake to-mighat, the jury migim take a quarter of an. hour, ac he had nlo doubt they would be kept very late. Sir F. Tnsseoxec then rose to sum ump the oase on the part of the defendant.-
POLICE. GUIUsa.sqAL.-Charles Peek, a licensed tobacconist, of 4S, Fleet-l,ane, was summoned before Sir R. W. CAB.nz for mlawf:ily using a certain room in that house for the purposes of betting. lIr. Charles Pearson, the City Solicitor, prosecuted, and the defendant was undefended. Edward Briscoll, 168, said, he went to the defendant's house on the 7th of June, and, passing through the shop, he went into the back room, where he saw a small table, and on it were a number of cards containing the names of horses, and opposite to them the odds. The defendant had a book before him, and entered bets in it from time to time, as they were made. On the 2d of June he made a bet with him for 5s., the odds being 3 to 1 against Bolton for the Beverley Cup, and he gave a card on which was writtert " 4,401 C. P." The defendant also made an entry in his book at the same time. He visited the defendant's house several times previous to the 7th of June, and saw betting going on there on al occasions. In reply to Sir P. W. CARD1x, witness said he sapEosecd the number on the card referred to the number in the book, but he could not say that that number of bets had beers made. There was no appearance of any business being done in igars, ubut there were m the window two cigar boxes which had not apparently been moved for a length of time. IHe never saw less than 5s. bet, and believed that was the r7ir';M,Co. T e ''efendant said, he never k-ept a large stock of cigars, baviwz been robbed direotly afterhe went into the shop of sbori, I51b. His trade was that of a tobacconist, bat he cermtnl'y had made Fome bets there. His business had not answered, and therefore on the day he vws summoned he shut up shop. Si- rO W. CAnDE,.-Well, but you knew that you were doing wrong. Defenglwrt.-Weng there were a great number doing the same thing in the city, and have been doing so for the last two years, and yet they are not interfered with. Sir t. W. CARDIss-Your case is notqa very bad one, anc 1 shall therefore fine you in the mitigated Penalty of if. and costs. Odeendant.-t do not complain of being fined, but I do complain of others being allowed to carry on the same business in the city for two years, when they summon me before I have been in the house three months. Sir R. W. CAwDEN.-Then the police do not know it, or they wFould summon them. Defendant-They must know it, Sir; for they have been going on for the last two years within a short distance of this spot, and I have just now left three of them in one house. Sir RL IV. C ,Rumx.-Will you give information to the police, and they will summon them? Defendant.-No, I woald not do such a thing- but I think it hard that they should be permitted, whiie I anm summoned. At the west-end I know they exist by thousands. Sir Ii W. CARDIUi.-Yes they do, and I hope the magis trlates vill put them down. They have written tome, asking me to take up the matter in the metropolitan distriot; but I declined, as I thought the city quite sufficient for me. I am aware that I have got some illvill from your fraternitv for taling up the matter. Defendant.-I think not, Sir; - ut the illwill is agsinst tho police for taking some, and not others. I think you havc their best wisbes. Sir m. W. CARDsnN.-I advise you to quit this praotice and leave those who continue it, for nobody is any god who carries on such amode of living-none of them are any good. Defendant. -I do not agree in that opinion, for there is no law to compel them to pay their sporting debts, and yet thev a'ways settle them on a given day. Sir B W. CARDRs.-That is when it suits them. Defendant.-They seldom fall The fine and costs were then paid. James Webb was brought up in custody by Inspector Hamilton, having been apprehended on a warrant, ancd placed at the bar before Sir Rt.W. CAunaS, charged wvith using a room in a cer.,ain honse, Ho . 7, Ileet.-lane, for the ndthad. been twice summoned under the name of John Webb, and did not appear to eithr of the summons; and, on the last occasion, though in court jmst before t'he summons was called on, he, by the advice of Mr. Lewvis, his solicitor, suddenly disAppeared, and had not since been seen until this afternoon. The defendant asked to be allowed to send for his soli citor or for bail, or obtain legal advice. Inspector Hamilton said,-I hope that no tricks will bh allowed with regard to bail. I never experienced such dffiiculty, so much opposition, and so much desire to evade the law as with these men; not only with regard to them unt withthe publicans also,who have thrown everydifsiculty i the way of serving the summons hut the publicans are amenable uinder their licenses, and 'I shall report them at~ ithe proper time. I have set with insult from men who sholnd have known better, and the whole preengs have been ofxthein, 1h h-fcel,te ra vrteifr with when os'ts exatious description lever ad to deal am wa poeee wt udrhret Sir It. . CAIwmS.-You must expect opcosition from them, but, wvith regard to the publicaus, you must reake your report at the proper time. he. Levis ws then sent for, and shortly afterwards Mr. Mrtin, the chef clerk, then red over the informa. tion, when the defendant declined to plead to it, and the casie wras proceeded wvith under protest. Two officers named Briscoll and Dunton then stated that they visited the house on the 4th of June, and saw persons examining some curds on the wall1, and then 5sa meney paid to the defendant, but from the distance they wvere thy could not hear what was said. They were about to give evidence of what was on the cards when- lMr. Leowis objected, and called upon the City Solicitor to prove his notice to produce. The case having come on unexpectedly an consequence of the unexpected arrest of the ds fendant, they were not prepared writh the necessary tech. nical proof, and he therafore claimed the dismissal of his client. Sir It W. CAaDrme said, he felt there was not snfficient evidence to convict the defendaut,aud he therefore dismissed the case. Bow.-svmss.-William Edwards, a youmv man, betweet 19 and 20 years of age, but employed as a "'ioy" at Beaufort-house printing-offioe, BeAufort-buildings, Strand, wsa charged with stalhF a quantity of printer's leads, the pro' perty of Mr. Whiting, the proprietor of that estabish' The prisoner was deteced by Policeman Doweett, 1l6 P, offering the leads for Se at a marine storeshop. He ats once admitted that he had stolen them from his employers, and saidlbe was driven to it by the innfficiency of his wages, It appeared that, being imployed only as a br, he was paid boy's wages-6s. &-week. Hewas descr as "a veryntelligent lad." _. J basroed that it was no wonder ho should steal. The prisoner was a sn& to all itents sad pwpoees, and it ws impossible for him to live upon so small a sum. Ymr. Birtlett, overseer t Beaufor wt_.sue said tIhat the rizerrimh elf not only orered to tke thepl pae% ,ith s full nowhg of what the 'wags -were, but beg very a to be employed, asng ta ho WsS destitute. Iw fc he (lir. Birtlett) agedlim more " out, of chait" than frora aryotbernoXteve -'. hfr. ~ did.not at an1 intesidtoblm Mr. Pint. lett, or to ianplytbt tbe low jd aitbe rI5S in. steeling to make 1 Y a q. ue lutol enorgh toknowlrbt e wasdoing, aaad,if re entered hia~oa oontrat 'toworkforles s heeotMiveIp4n,i* i6 owsneat, dooe ofbis own free will, axidiremuat net adi. tohis -esbyrobbiag liis eployer. Be miust l oe mittede for e momth.
SALES BY AUCTION. Freehold Houso and Shop. with pes-e.-ioo. 31jESSRS. DUNN and GIBBS will SELL by AUC- .11.TION. at the Mart, on Tlur3day, July 2-1, at 12 for 1. a FREEHOLD HOUSE. No. 1355i, Royal Mint-street. containing six upper rooms, chop and patient, oellaraige. Yard, and offices, estimated to io since;£1 per rssnnm. Particulars at the Mlart; of H, le. 03BEsq,g solicitor. 51. Lincolns-inn dulds; ard of the aucttoneers, 7, Gre,at Tower-etroLt. city. AM ESSP-hoeS.Ahepe.D N aew itmn-od O-ld Ford, bo~ing six roms lAC-cIV tte gre,sMaert ouse Tienclosed buy, at forecutlt of smacea YounganLD PlOwS. Polctritl29 situ~ate. bend of the Wht insre, Feninlle 1IJESSBS. DU N and GIBBS -will SELL by [tAUCTION, at the Mrart. 's Tuesday, July 29, at 12 liar 1, a LEASEHOLD DiVELLING-HOUSE, 52. WVhite Lion-street Ps ntoa- vtIle. and contains Oix rooms, kitchen, yardl, garden, and otllees; let at' ihe inasleuate vent of £12per annum,.to0lldsoimmer, 1505: t-erseunexpirecl 28 years at the trifliuz ground mant of £C2 8s. lilay be viewed, and particulate had at the Mart; of J. D. Thomson, Fsq., solicitor, a2 Llncolnbs-inn-fields : Angel Inn, Islington; and of the auctioue,rz, 1. G.reat Tower-street. city. Battersees-Freehold House and Shp with the Goodwilo h linteher's Business, estimated ine at£4 e nema. M~ESSRS. DUNN a-nd GBSwl SELL by ,LIAUCTION, at the bfart, on T-ucedy Juy2.at 12 for 1, a FREEHOLD HOUSII and SHOP, corner o lnbo-eand Church Busiess,oucemfeely orde onbrl0yu Ja.mTehose cnain chop BrwinabPoute yamrd, hackBand aisl etrancE. ledng toe P neeisentMM lane, on F~riday, July 25. at U; C OMPRtISING a 30-barrel Copper, orily in uaso about three years, l8-quarter cakg mash tun, large oak and fir won-lilag tone, upper and under backs, tir coolers, a three motion liquos obSinsit large brain lapsso le~ad pips, r, o. Cataogues may ho had of the ant. tioneer. Cambridge. Without Itesrve. -B or DI HT,at his gracifous RGonms 170. Bisbopegate-rtreet wthot on Wensay next, July 23. at I for 2 tiunctunlLy, ~Lar-~e qu~antity of well-designed I'sperimang-ings ladeoaions, both English and French. in elegant golds, rich flocks. genteel satinsi. damsaat-chlntzes and Sienna marbles, a nuamber of noble marble and enamelled slaze chisiney-pieces, paiset brushes, caah tools, and itemes. adapted for these engagedi in house fiaishine or decorating. View day prior and moraing of ealo, Catalogues ca3i be hadl at once. Becekenhani-park. Font, nu' far frmm the Sydlenha Statioss.-By Mi', T. B&X,TEIR, at thae Georgo Inn, atlleckenhar, Rent, on Tuesday, Tenuin Hurndtred PaitienOak Treeig, mArnyof goodn Stoven, -aondEfcs, n. 4Seemdto ,0 agl,edqatt fcr woxod.an Thetimenhrnislrechold eatndon Laneod drawntogetherlisa,c suiabl lsle Ma b viwe fouraio day irncoed.glssl,yapyn M R.e caRPW- OOD yar ,vlSL by teldenrAnc,adCaTaIOgue bad ath plac of aseend facthremaDetiolers, aresuey. F at. ~sR. BIEDEICGA A. intuctedT byl MsELL. bym LJaUCTiON, nd o thePeie o above.y A CIVIO Mooietheo2ut te~evat, at12. ftor lesebaring tbe e-pnngdsoes. POTheNgenu the FUSTOUI in compisin theusul be chaberspoedape, dawing nodedinin fireiree, hin, gees,kithenrecniste,andeffcts eMa bhe vwd.y Catalogues had on~~ ~ the peie,ada h utoea'o onfeer i NIbo.-pla. C Mades-paree,kide-ex ossuare.r Fritr, w Poxonandoforte-3, ,-Feold anlnDIob rd Lesehold En ouses,g SoBps,ado, 4airt"o fr ccptin ndinene ESR.ORKELLY wilC. fl SELL by AUCTIN a h TIOJ eN-I,s aonvTe-b. o il Ta 2.dat Ju2, ina 12 lots, the (ithde pYURITen)an 1.cIten oPLE-SotRT, Arobtan. Bs.li 12. 1e.tand. Fe,.5, ortpar-steet Horon;als (wth owesolNe. waIbe and2 ambrianr Coflathe, blofrtgllesdr, Page-green, onTuesdaehy. May 2 to v2 uiewed tpoevitrlenuey dlpendobDisicat. eondtparticuar ha atEE Mr. ESTAoTEi acnitiong offaices, ntie-lema'ceddeinsbcy-e sar w coart ouan atob Ico eutifulgra,rden,fonders,toBuilders,nStove ad tangd ManouFi acresof caAW madotulerd; Dnealers andithMers,ags el;htul stein Whaf, Cusinlane Uppr Thmes-tret nFiay.s Jul22 Dartl( VIaluabocointsin abFreol ut 1d eel oLsoeand, arangelon et Wialcony panls,NewelGars,wrail,Mngdiea.ndlers,col.aLndwlltTWPlAteRS,dai Pandrtial-iherdrtns, oesidee godRaes. OrLaD fLRaes.ayIghianI, frames, arden pups, rollrmating , pig oiningho wther- setmtal tion sets,o foot sen-sars brof whubl eebls Bulao d i nd mLans'red radjin-ng weighinglo achoinis nd the nelsaln Hotiuel, Ralwayb vtaien,ed theda pro,andmaaocesht af alix.Tthe whoerperty and tlyeof ceso Ity raucineraa tod siuthetinal din- trge, 21, Coe -rreel Bnrank, fo t bates Noer . barsls-ualsed to Midsaubity ti lcedxHona-oneranemlnince, two Pinanoforxtes, oldViotonhell by rrounrai,aetoungrar.g Af greatphae- tono?f. soe mate.r nTuiayaul2lst1 for fiihn1hehu,w the mcl der nth pURebTURE, them.ssisang four-ot.Aaban.Frnc, and cadstoveutmybed-b taiae, goodMr bedsg Handbdineg, marbletioper waosendrs.wrdrobwes,t ftonrte.areimne-it arrawaIn y'50 ant tOhe 49.bro diin Railda boreaa mdomnn che sideboard, diin and ltete autables,. ofas, bobese, proofgt engavng. ta ir-ico -lplatmoedn articles. linobe. Triney and Pirues clarpets, aTfwo voflumet ofboa,thiaanlass,Cadles ricihSenrviesuinte.-. Oncew tnda and mornr Cing6 olf aleCatedAlogues, oanthel pureme VmmnalaBlones Frehod IvaubesItemens15. et 1WjUR. C. andIW.ER IGGlli SELL by AUCTIN,b TILLOrde pof the Porgaemsm 0, at lr3raw2- on Tuesday. July 22, atd 12.Iuleshz ay, a 12orsyIepreciey o he abyorvae hantdsome aodernEHOLD ESITUTE, consisFETS,ing.f gexcelemnt resideneitho comrach-houe,en eanthi, bautfu garden, plsten-vainry ceforcing-houses, fandel aboeut i covein.o captalm tmeadowland; cogebesInrwitchPigeCotdegce,deamgktand stuab.rte, closertor thein romhurchnithw:te inhoeis mndhogauy. atn the vrlof renta of £109v teepen-aninum to .Woes. cusrvedh had rece dntly expnde oai lanrgesm ci oseupche,anrelg charems.s winchae, with th ralayndU in venlvesattio, must ater1aigmallyenancpe ethvalMeoaofrds' wayhbs: andt athe gawauto-e'efcles, 1nd dinratton- arlean, bace Vcubl loks lof Fd-reehaouldz Bidingerand, Cmeraiceaintorose and Wllg H ENRY AINF5S nd SON ill SEL bydo AmniuC. MRL I CHILD hiAs -ectived -thtjrutjn ssigton4hsGtieln,krev1oilla qesDf-d ofby, P. N-star, W,mpa8igng -a tonfortabW dwelling.hnewtIotj n Vfass-buiding, ~ars,.jd grdenas,-and 206 onOtrSo tlr~3 _pa%aro, andri,-h tneadow-lwu, ll &U . aeedhy~pa 7icindtt,of_8&dhurmt anud Wokinghsmi, ~andi nab cts . of Loo Tuarkets and a tsilway -slation. Tlhelad ewcntrt. telscare entitled VavTalu iblo'conmonabilabl rlgh ndPo ct whole iy behrA at, Mcatno, 1et,;_ arIcuasadeidto,~ LEale, wil eh.rtl, be issutd, an& _Dy be _had, atthusainsng naigbbeerhod; -_Of ales rs. Sharp,; Ra-rsu u hrpolctt Southaratpton of Me ,sEyc S 115-tgh, Bedord.row; a t Caraa' r efhl' ae n iie Ii s-C M Breaold-L^nded aleatosent5 nte edeao Ss- s re.oduolng £742 per i nil"m to S by AUCTIO 3% Gat a WAY'e On Oeday, Jr 2!). at lIfer un~vioalydboeedl~ by aedenrabl, sitaterssoeart- nUhlcesterharbo,. I aDomprsa a exnellent fainilb, residence.- Wl5csmm~ nd onenee Ofics, etracecortAnd 9&raeVprpm tRis tnd rchrds caita fam lonieted.welliariraged WiWaUC ttsnaoecnnpoeenen. adussl 10 acesOf unusuaslly prduftve srabe. pstur, an graing nas-ls lnd: hOfields, are iarice, ahndas-e ceeill bygoo rods.Theestte a Oeseissby a bighly rezpectable konai o a la efor21 yarsfro Mlceelns.1152. at the annual- rentof £42. he endo bols a es~ of he geattitbes for the life o omgdhealtyprsnr h hoelt ot wkich lea,e wil bes ai witltisefarm <Patinlareand hn4iioesofsalc. with a aL-isi of the farm ~i1 sorty b isued an ma bebadat the usual pelix:cl!s At esss bShrpkeshireionearNarbeSharp slTeirttr S::Outhaupton H 5eord FAmie, -with Dwelliiog'hleSucs, Cottisco. 1101l, Sc. Rili. LEIFCHIL-D-15 instructed by the Proprietor toSBELL byAUCTrO2OF. at the lion Botel, Tenb a dei,-0 Aar 'August 6 at 1 for Z, in-&alo Pts, the folloinelg va uabloa'asd Isnporiant PFltEEHOL1) ESTATES, viz., Merryborocogi, a capital farm of near 400 acres, with direlling-bhones, oat-building-, yard . sei garden clo-e to the high road and about 8 ogr miles from the fimt-rato market town ofufaveeferhwest ltagnowocvid by Mr. Philpine a-id othto at the annualzentaof £fO: Newton warm,in the paridhofst. asli, on the road from 'Narherth to Tenby, a deosrale' occup,ation. with, dweldnag-honre, farm-bulddipsm atnd 92 acres of arabla and matnre land; held hr Mr ate rfih,tt&eans.Brownse Tnemeat ad 'NWtOa Fact,- h a - mall holdiuz. with cottagees-ad bulidldngs,~ and 14 ascres of sirableanazd pastwre land. let to Mrr. George -Watkles, at £10 55. tier annum. Tucking-mill and lands, about-thyee acres, let toJiane3 Mltclinga.at,e45 . Hilvelgy arm. adiooiniu&B.- gealY ardI Kingannoor, a desiable occup,ation. with al'elliog-ho--', o,.t- tagea.-buniidigs, andl 106 acres of-arable and pasture land. .held.by Mrd~ Jam~s Genter, at -C79 lie, per anunwm. Particulars and 6tenditiona ofsali, with planas of the farms, will be Issed 21 days prevlbujito the salo. and may be had at the RutDn~Armmfletel, Nsrhe rtb;- .Ifarilcee? HoIrL Harorfordveest; Ijon Hotld Pembroke :.at the :,lace of asec; of.T.!L. Maraiott, Tozo.. solicitor. 1. Unomnearplace Strand; of .Thmes Sum- esEq-solicitor, Itaver.orliweet - of Nessrs. Ravide-oa and Sha1. buirt Noli4M6, I8. B~ainghaulstreet ;snd at mr. utcifhil'is lad And timiser efoffcs, 65, M,oorgate-ttrect. Vondob. MorfoILk-DeeisalsleFroeehold Fagua, nea Eas Dereham andTyLynn 3PitLEI]FCEIL`) isinaftrxcted by the Prop-rietor to BELL bT, AUCTIONi-at Garraway's. on Monday. August tI,. at 12 for 1, in one of, an important FItElfHOLD EST&TE. en the pari.a of Wendlirg, near the capital market tewn of East Dereh=na with tallwaycommunicationlo Lynn and Norwich. It comnprisessafarm-honsc, with out-bulldings,and about 20enclocures ofusefrularable and pmte.rc lAnd, ormtAining together 143a Or. 17p. It is now occupied by hlr. James Dafileld,attzhe annual rent of £1267 10s, It is land-tax redeemed, is subj ect to a small medlus in lieu of tithes, and the parochIa charges are very mnederate. Partienlars and conditions of sate, with a plan of the farm, wil shortly be leered, and masy be had at the principsa inns ini Xorwich. Lnn. sand MosS Derebam : at Garraway'A: or lacosr.. CIsotIleld and Hfart. solicitors. 19,- Austina vires; and at ?,f. L-eifchild's land and timsber offices, 82. Ioorgale-street, city. Limehouse.-Fonr smal -LaFceholdz, let at 084 is., in one lot, f-ur tou- - vestment. lijF . MO RE ill E la byAUCTON at the LLLfat,n husda, u~as7,at12,TW de ems?HOUSES, 4 ad S Oss-lne;andtwosimlarHonee,25and 26. lgorlbecy-stroet: nearthechuch,givne avot fo Midleex.Particul3ar of W. EL Colen Eq.,soictor 2. ighstee, Pplr;at the Naut; and at Mieend-lgleFehd Investments, giving Votes for Middlesex. Thu i. OOR wllSELL by AUCTION, at the iLl. Mrl, on Thursday. Au0m,t 7, at 12. ia four lots, THIRTEE N FREEHOLD HOUSES, in Haigh's-terrace. Ulmion-street, and Deronshire-street. Clevelaud-street, Mtile-end-road. let to old tenants at uapwardsa of £20 per amnimu, vendor paying rAtes. Fixture Included iu the purch'oa.e Particulars of Mose-a. Horsley and Son. soliritors 8, Bank-chambers; t the Mart ; ant at the auctioneer's offie, Idleend-road. Waltham Abbey, Essex. 13 milies from Loadon. -SmaUl Preeholds and (Inoybold%, giving votes for the county, 11FR. MOORE will SELL by AUCTION, at the i8LCook lass, Walthamn Ablbey, on Tuesday, August 12, at 12, in three lots. T WO COTTAGEi, with lare gardens, stable, and loft. at Ssrgeaust'a-greer.. lt at £11 IDs. Alani Two Cottages witi or,basd and gsardc,,e, at 'Wood-green : let at £12. Copyhold of the Manor of Waltham lHoly Cross, at a small fiec certain and trilling quit rent, Anda Freehold Tenemect, in Green Dr-agon-pa.ssgt ; let at £1 ISa. Venor ay taes uoder LI). Particulars Of S. Prentice, Bsq., rolicitr. 18.Whieahpelroad; at the Mlart ; and at the auctioneer's Surrey, three miles from the Three Blridgcs S~tation on theBri~ghaton~ line, asid le.s.a than an hour's 1ourmev from the meropolis. lIf.MOORE will SELL b~ AUCTION, at tbo JiLL iart. on Thur d.y. August?,. at 12, its one lot. a FIIEEIIOLD detached viue-roomed VILLA RESIDENCE, with kitchen and floieer garden, commanding extenusve views of the aurvountdlg cosustry. Plea"-antlysnitnate and ksown as Ann's Villa. at Copthooe, near Craweley, Surrey, 23 rails,, from London;: together with 1S-j acres of good land. encose, daied,andinceluroiegncpaly otSand potatoes). and havng 00 eetof uillie frnt~gc o to raB. In occupatten ci vendr, ut Imedateposiscin ma hahatHouse liatures and groingros tcinedto he urhas. Prtculrsof Mean-. Hoesley and on,solcItrs,5, ank-hamers attheMar; and at the ano- FreodBuildiag GIrouid and some Cottages ihs-es con. tiguou to the Walton Statn,o the South-Wstrn aiway, and ahettig on ths puli rafomHra toWatn %JRJOHANAWONi instructed to SELL by il ACION, at the Mlast, on Monday, Jly 22, at 1± in lots, to he hereafter mere particularly described, several ecres of FREEFIOLD PLANTATION, rusaniuz with the line of the railway from the etation to the puelis coast;- also Two Pairs of eubstantial Cottages, with ear. dens, and several lots or garden tround with buildir frontage to the rend. Particulars eltih conditions and plnsm may short]ly e bid of Mlessrs. Nichoil, S,nathla, ui Barnett. 11 atysreet Lic ln'-In, solicitors:a the auction mart;z and at Mr. Joh flwons ln -n auction oft.3ces, Marlbrihcabee 9 a1-mail. In hsrer.- Dionv. CiOkc."A Freehodjiand Copyil oae know as CdctiLodIge. in the itarishes of AldAmibam and liushey. in the cut of Herts, a short distance from the) station. onL the Londoan adN tl-eeRnaitlway. Also, a Leasehold Residenre. In Upproro-tetFiry-uae and Two Shops, fronting Plortlandrod IJR. JOHN D)AWSON -%vill SE LL by AUCTION, NfLat tbe Mart, en Thursday, Aug.?7, in Slots, pur.sant to an order Of the High Coort of Chancery, mnade ina canoe of "Dixon v. Cooke-- a capital FAMILY RESIIDENC, with outhousos, offices, lietacehd stabling. gardens, pleasure ground, farm-yard, &c., and Surrounded by some goad meAdow land, contAining to~ether about 30 eace, situate on the high road frost WVatford, to Barnet, let to a gentIBmai on a, lease, which wll coon ex-pire, at a l'w rent, wvith large prospecoive value. -Also in asepmrt lut" two, collages, aLnd garden ground, and two lots of land, adapte for biuilding on. Also a hEnrt leasehold interest in some Property in Upper Norton-street, rittror-sluere, produciag a profit rental of £71 per annuma. Partr. guiana may to had ot Sassuel Bark;er Boott, Rio., SI. Ts.viotocksquare, solicitor : of Measrs. Holme, LoP tue and Young, 10. New Inn; of Messrs. Few and Co.. 2, Henrietta-street. Covent-garden : at the prineipat lnns at Watford and Barnet : at the Marl ; and at Mr. Jobn D)awson's, land and auction offices, Mcirhorough-chambecs, 49, Pi1lmnall, and Ifingston, Surrey. Desirable Invartmaent.-Cottages and Meadow Land, setuate at East- colt. near Pinner. Middlesex. lUESSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bonad-street) bravo re. ALceived instructiorts froma the Executors of the lain Mrs, Jobn P'age to SELL by AUCTION, at Garassay's, on Wednesday, Aug. 6, at 12, in two lnot, a desimable COPY hiOLD PPROPERLTY, comprising Glot 1) live cottages and gardens, in the occup3ation of yearly tenants, with orchard, two hamns, end a valuable enclosureo of three acres uf m3eadow lanid in the rear thqroaf.the whole proiNcing a, rental of ahostt £H8 per annumn. Also (lot 2) Hill Field, near time above, a valuable Heclre odsief pastur,cnainin abeeoldntatfourew LO acres,i teouaion ofl MrdiiamdPorter. aith a merooteof 10zer annwy-ur. Thidnpoer ty in situt in makofe-stcel-lane Eaestt, in the countye oth iddlse,about I ESOl BndStre.GR E 2 OlBodsre)hv re N evdinstructions to SE ELby AUCTION, at Garraway'e ee Wednesday, August 6, at 12 (if rot mn the mean time disposed of,l A raluable and important FREEHoLD ESTATE. siuateao inx the parishe of St. Weonards, Garway. and (Scoop, in the county of ereTord. eight miles from lines, eight miles feoin Monmaouth, and within five and a half hours of London. comprising a handsome stone-built resi-lence, Northgate House, newlyand expensively built, of Mode-rate sire, but easily capable of extension, standing in thamdst of well-timbered pack-like land, and surrounded by the capital farina knowna as Rhydicar, Tivrno,Oldiedd. Meat, and Tomtin's Field, in all comprehending nearly 1,109 acres of cila mneadow, pastuire, crble, orchard, and wood land, 'with execelent farm-houses and homesteads, water corn print mill. cottages, &e. TIhis estate po&caseess many adveautages the lands lying with soatthern aspect, sandy soil, excellent climate, and the situation is one ef the best in this very platercoons and beautiful comnty. The residence and home farm of 178 acres (of -which neorly 188 acres are parklbeingretamned in hanf,with everyfaOlity for imnmediate possession, tre-fproperty presents itself as a cafpital estate for inexpensive residesce, combined with a, flrst-rate investment, the residess of the landa being tn the oecopatiofn ofNlghly respectable tenants, find the whole preseaLting an estimated rentalI of upwards of £1,200 per annum. The estate in intersected by the (Iarron. a capital trout stream, amd ani outlying portion oomptisin abont. 25 amesa Is romanticaily situate opposite to the Graig-hill, aiil descending to tho valley of the Monnow, affording hialf-a-mile of rei-t-rate fishing in thbAt celebrate-I trout river. Thin portion of the estate presents a singulaly eleghlecit fo theeretio ofone r rorsfisingvillas, and is within Iwomils nd hlf f he entilo Seton,onthe Hereford and fil s n flreSars GREEN, 4 Old.Ol Bond--ret. - ,hae ME, eived instructionLs from the Executers to SELL by AVCTPION, em hePreiss, ckeldhoso,Uclied,onWednesay, Anuksp 13. andfolowindav wthut eervetb whleofthe excellent HOUSE- Sussar-...aluable Freehold Estate, with Brick Yard and common Allotrnents, Cravley Down, in Worth, near Est Grimutead, the chief part well adapted for buliding Purposes, Rj . J. CUTLER begs to annoiince he is instructedI Jil by the Proprieter to cubmit to AUCTION, at the Mart. Londou. on 'Wednesday, July 23, at 1, I l ots, that very eligible FREEHOLD PROPERTY. knownm us Rower Place, with farm-house_, the ceqeninte biuldings, and 1Ila. 3r. Ip. of good arable, meadow, and wood land, together with the beick yard and suitable erections thereon, moot ,advantgeoslyandplesanly itoao, he rea potio onan elsvation, cemmudueg xtesiv viws,anden sey iproingand healthy of ralwa satin, ntreetedbya god eaingpubicroad tbrough abot te ente, nda sallpat b th Est minted Ril An,sd presumed to be inonteenpintion toremove a station n the abuse rail waYw to a sito near the b Qc ii]ro thssste. ThWe aiGteMe Znr3& e Down, cGmprisnea. Or. 14p. of land. worthy the attertion of buildels and smaUl capitalists. The farm and brick yard islet to Mr. B. ChanUter wh owill ive possesion atMebhaslmas next. To be viewed by applying to the tenant. Printed particuacr, with plans, may be hald w;nithit 10 dayseof thev,at Lakese s Motel Redhim, Reigate: Ge yhoond Inn, Croydon; of Mtesses. Ridgey and Tan. auytionee y3,Brirhon; the Auction Met, Liondon; o1 HI. C3rn60w. Eiq.., twcltor e 21. rarlienset. sirea, Westminster, and of hfr. J. Cuter, land oad timber srabeyor, Dco,nCrwley. ot.ba 60,00 cigood building hricks fortasa eat thoeard t- Suffot c-Avaluaalo Estate of O4Sa. of. Ip., chiedu y freehold, land-tax redeermed, in Hood ela y and Shottraham. near the csa ogast, '- 1IjUR B.- MOUILTON will SE35LL by AU)*CTIONT, at .en the Crown Hoint, Woodbrldge, on Thursday. July31, ao fin theo afternoon, the above; coEpq,iwg a convenient farm reasdenre,. wth parlour, keeping room, busines reem. kitchen, two store roams tIvo cellars, waclh.houeo, dairy, and six bed rooms. The agricaltoranl build' lnagsconsist of two hams, car ant siding horso stables, neat house, twro cure sheds, granary, gig-hou se, and the nmaa farm buildings, with 24Su t. iSp. ofproductier arabcl and pasture land, including a ytmiO thring plantation of ds. or. Hp. of about 16 yetar' growth, auit is. lr. lIp. of wvood and aldercar; also 6si brick and tile cottaze t.enements. The chole in the occupation of teh exocuutors of thelte Samuel Chtlton Gross, TooX., -who are tenants from year to year., A messuage and ISa Ir. lOp. are copylauld ofthe 6maorotHoltesley-witbSutton; the remainderla freehold. The estate is wlithin sixnmites Of Wo thebest corn n t the T out IPEwich. Itinlosewtothevillageof eywi thto wrtles of the sea, andin the neighbourhood of game praservse& The land isin is vecy high elate of cultiva,tionl, end affords altogether a most deviSabe opplrtuottyfar both investment and ccunpation. Prhnted p55ttiulSVt ann conditIons of eats, writh la an nexed, moa be bad of Msrse. Orabone, Ward, and Co.. sobcitors. Bristol' J-orMr, gerorge 1Mooor, solidltor.'Woodbridsge; at the Crown Hotdl, WcodbrSdge~ -ea Whlite , Eomee Hotel, Ipsri-d1 rWbhite Maci, Wackhaeackst; *01 Ins, eloIdeley1,; *nd the principa Inns in tha ncighbonehogd:; and at tbe a*uo ta05, Wocheidge,- VI~FAss~LRA5HOLO~IR0PEll Y_.offered to utlui tilebfjt ooneesy ost.les NOrSOL, ad'tbePzam6 may niow be' o Jland tax rEtee.ed. in small p,lots. witbimenedite po,ssesion,. IMESS IS. CDlIVEVRlave been -ins!ructed to offer to thlat irn Agst. in a- Illand convenlentut, 105.aPAiCEL, OfFRFE1OL'D BULIG-nrN hodth~edecead, .slgibly situ5te. f.;olotIn ,an t the tear or Hili, atrebt..hdng tho niabi thoro's,I),fare fromn toe 0I151 Kent-rad thr()ugh recihsmeo-VtimberweIC Thero lots ar sui"1 -or thisi exotion ot emaIl dellin-houssa.str Oethe buildibzt= p-4as *Imniad4tyaea *Boildlnt Grounnd land-tixrde .6.iStb'aelgbeot i? irroeiatp to-11n i.iu emi ndeiibe1Is ih MESS~~~~~~S:~~ VER~, e intructed -to S-ELL -bjy doeemed. .e,,iral,ly situsla in tle P-ark and cmmenia; roads, P'eckha-m ,Cew-tw.S ryt,tr-rts .iXu-gad. itsthoemainilotb rtighf.rsa theeefrosnfrla Peekhilan to Csamberwell, exofedingljr wenl adptAed foc the erection -af uwelling-hosese and shopa,. oroter buildinig Boipis*6h. *Ith 6nfire;rtfcauettS,d i slt0s for'publ_hcaoiiads-sme acesionmuay i.e l1s' Pu,rther p insIsrs maybe bad of etmarDzypas gr-reyor5. land ager,ls,-and antioneces S. Wilithehal. of October next.. fl,ESSR& DRIVER. he.ve been f&voured 'with in-, str-szuonn.from the lio.Charles A.-gors,tile CmmaioA- i.. bhdsg~OX0iIThTht~i laild ~ ajd s irder the a,stbor~ill.1 AUTION~:Lt 12eCfor resl~iti InThtsoetta!ziwnrth, onhrHOT.'.-ETACES.'eld~txir -t 'Hie ?fsled.ete,t 'Rreattr tibrtion' Ih,nd.tagrcde=ued aid tithe free cozopriaing carlu 6noes ihitlesttld4 jand,x ihout 1,10 acres of airsbte. isladoiw. anud pstuenr laod,~ eoas nrtims avabing beenwarped, lyins in the pAuishes of Zpwortb4 Ovrstot4 .Uxsy. and eilton in the Isle of Axholme;. mear thle lumportwnt market to-easol Doneoaste iud Gainaborough,, ansi ini the occpation of tenaitts svhca terms will exIiAres on the I0t of Octhoer next. wbma poseseesion wil be given tie the r~eapeO,re ~uchasees The property will -be dtsidea ituto lots adapted isir 3oalinvoseuarits. Aleso. the Manors of Epworth and Westwood. with their fir,gs qui~rna scheatt mnouberse and appusctenanssa. exteandine orer A large distroct: tgoetheor ivthb thei Court-house in the town 61s Epseortli, oxcepting.. m)oveer, all farms and.demnesn, landS; which, will be disposed of in setparate lots. -Plrinted isetie amc with pleas, onay be hadt li the l&ie Lion1 In, Epwrb fealplto nlenibsrnd of John Collinion, Esq.. solicitor, Doncewter; ot Josiah Mer-rils. Ten.. solicitor, ZPpworth at the officei otHer YVesifs.Woods, Forests, and -Laud Revenuies 1, White-baIl-place: 'of araoewatoon. ?req.. soUlctor, Office of Woods, 1. Whitohslal-lsple; Jo'hn Cluiton, Esq., Crnsus PWecgivIsr, 9, WlitehAll.place; st 'ile Mart. and of Meisre, Driver, courreynre. land scenuts. and selpa%E~sce S. '.'oitees,il. Cry cuZImoportant Freehold Building Lanmd, in -thecen.tre of the - ~~~~~~town -T){BT. W. FULLER WMl SELL by AUCTION, JAat tblqGpra:,ound Hot,-I, Crordoo; THIlS DAY-July IS: at, I for 2iun 1Sdtots, a moaot vAluablt PrECE of FREEHoILI BUILDING LALND, situate to tile heart of the town, being the nisen space on tile southa side of No ]OD, Eligh-street. ona of tile rnset tsnpor a0 site- in Crodon ad wlt adpte fr reicnei ic hop. rontsIoz- RItc Robneq. ad Tll',Cosdos; adoftheaucioe-er, Crostdoasn. l Catrba. o th Sure hits,thre-siceemof a mleterham. utherBi * )OBT. W. FU'LLER besaoannociedincettuct ins leto hoLId iua SELL by AUC tkON pafat the heyThound m Inn. Croydon , RI oAn (Satorday, Augut1fo 2. at"fourS Fors, sa.PIECE ofincluable FEEinhOLatalouIL1hNul&d,orwirdth a Cottiae othereon,monostrleasantl Wedituate. e theTi m,t It.srequ W.d he ultberillayoflaen an. . tion ofcettigersiden onePr iculars wijethsconrditos oftWorkd ato Garaws'e,1.-ode: o Reose-lDre, andeirey. ealloTors,ay Anbzrril7 chamer, ondn-brdge andfr-oumt aW. twor Cfoed pmon. h oi Ch rnbiryd oraksn..fyhel o- CAaSALE forh AGRIULTA ofrriaetOC. Toubein the catalogue ahuld pl.rua rny b Wetuiorday, thel3dlnst.to It. W. FnhlelrteC-stron. OBTSSRW. FULLER hasd rSceivere instructiosdro JL. by thoEecutorst onieoe of .helat ia L Steyt-' Bosrd of WorbysAtC SELLonth byrAmCTION, at Rore-laerrSles oy.on Tnaa. An Tusta7 Augt 7. athigh2yfornished diestucine CONt-PODENSRNI TUEA EnhEFFETSlvl andprising maorany airp nd twon feu-ot ed ump ani therli lon-snead. oleenfothrle.beds ht brouglt-tro marble shft, toypee. cndontossr, ad aparats; mde fr sh Rouee o Piass n ment.onbed viewedon Wenesda prevonat the hole.whny catdlotnee mtayrbe iladOn.tse remies,and f Mssrs Futer nd op0ey BllItem-sree, tCroydon Barey.ld -ienune. woush psesol rnitr.to nfot se OBT. W. FU LLER has received instructions from TION. onLthe PremIsO,N, ParkterGrace,(kodoIn,00dm onSThursa da,Augs'.a 162 fot I,!r thegeuine nifOdhlIbOLDbu FRIUREEHOnD rEFECgTS cOpreasntlhoay and areatf four-poast,o that Surrd other shrtdlsteads ooe frea thermla bestto and bedintumrbe tqea o, and otheran phurnof -tee, idbo-i. boTheresidsetse cofnmahnuoganoad otedrochirs,Cy othe tsil's eas cb5ms.couhee.clolsa,paiting,,linn,ch- ins,-lss earhewae, heusaltithe iem, ad isetaieu ld et SO ayrh icedFehldRsi-enel,withre ptesudVion.are MR-bSRS. ED HAM, STRecee andSOWuctiol t - - SEL thabreanotiheGr yFFECToIn. Crsion T sinay Satu4 aday Aoeust16da. at I for I. a sulse~Ana. soton-butFR,IL short sliatane from the ralway statIon and ictrsque- vllagera church of otr`are Thei freiec D rqoualn fr good bedU Ca osme ot - celiestrdinng ed dy rawn Hwroosdlse of et rnens-trance hald,hll ktohn pantrby, AUC-hOuN. eat nthei dayn eeleng-Ke: eet, ocedt garden,'o abut an m. Prin2, ted. pathe ar L andFxtr co iud Gofdsalelayb of -i ctss.rd 14tdayforeIusadOw lto2 the spledatgle sawk, amondn: g of`Meses Dmanunns ois and Till ocios,2 , 0 solasilteet, roymon-sur; and of teac th ntioner.Coyon. 1.7e0apta PsulofrDichuiha and Efets, ofTroes Rlobethson, de ceaVsod. ThJHSR. Dmtinck-etrce R, Maand SON wilra £.SELL,OOtDthirso Kinistretedt,ovSEnt-Lre, on Tuenday, the ousehns olatdI Fur-niture. F1.-No. and oth_er SrlKS. cst.es,ten veeea.Wetof RFUISNgladcoh andCT ofasier, Irishlimnenhos. lmeminss Mderaee nd Umeotb ld i goods,radies' ocavd Penfrtlmns attire,dtable anaedlnn. at,sd effects. eoe ,aCmbrel ?IjESRS. THOENSAm,R BTORL and SUTON,vit ilhi SEL Cater their stroom. in-areet Coada vent-codo, JTyesLEtS, choNIcUErig,in. cmrdisinstuds.gandArabitcat budttons,st iroh fiting, eherwaier. soon, frks acd wanshlleste.-tachbe stser 1iESS D BERAtM,i, STOck , lnd SN il LtA. SELL RaGteir Rooms. K isg- strni. ctenl--adn 00 SEdnes-t lots.of furni ayure.ean d l nse, nd10 miaots 1for 1camp outents (o atd com-eleted.i a maCs. Onf viewstheas day prior. te wo Larc. Fuuitus ad iIts compriese.admns ±YJ SEL theshove nd oter EFFCTSH nisThfur Ydars alyld and foloin d 4ay.t of:-Kie sre,Cvn-adn iijfE$ ST,S.uae li A ,ST R, ndSN r Coeut-goden on Tudesuday; uy2.f i nil os 7 HRSo ANY.)ymnt InterestC ahSpercn,pranmi o en Pngawnroers usnes o Dl-snham -To Smllty ioise Noafolk.-Theo reenrdoiog Fark of Tile Ilumetead-hats Estate, cons. prsn valuable Tem,with Buperlor Famn Besidences and Home- ias ladaPted for feat-claas tenants, Fire desirable small Farmg. several Enclosures of Accommiodation Land, valuable Plantatioss, witha Lodg-ea, &r., containing spwards of 1,291 acres, dlelightfullysituaste In Littlc Plnmetead and adjoining parL3hee, within five miles of Norwich and twro of tbcliatlwayfihthion at Brandahlland the river Yare.-By Messrs. BUTCH[ER. (under the dir-ertion of the Court of Chancre-l, at the Royal Hotel Norwich-, on Friday July 25. ati 19 atnioon. nII 6 l3te, r RE Estate is principally freeholdi and landI tax re- Adeemed, and lpojeason oif the greater portion v-ill be gien at Mlidbaelmasnrxt. Forparisuars cend conditionsof aale,wil aplan of the lots, apptly to Ffr. Cheater Cheeten. wolieitor, 1. Winrshester-buildinns Great 'Winchcatear~-ete, Lore.han: -Mewsr- aarp e, ied anad Jnctaon. 41, Bedford-row, London. sollator; Messro. Denton,'Kin. dersley. Donivilis, and Lasreenes, 6. New-square, Linroln's-inn. London.zsollittora: o rM sx.lstle.Tadaet,Nrih Wsynaeuth,-by Mr. HILLEDGIE, oa Wednesday, the 27th day of -Augmj., t uec'aRoyat Hotel, W%Vey=sauth, at3iesc'c`kin tbo afternoon, (unleso ontaeceptable offer shall beiweviusuly-made by private treaty.) by dIrectioni of the Exee.tsra of th elate Win. Tur ten, Ear_, Copat frinao Villa U4i~de,nue,a with garden, Ahoiau~ses and grocuhouses adelpnls forming can-mos unique canx retired reeidonme,admirablI adapted for sanall fair ily, and combin-a iug the adiantsBeeof entSe sclsin and pariTacy In the mid3t of the varied society ofthis zciubrioiss watenng-_pla,s, 'MTe house, whicbwas built fiveyears ageiritifimuck tUst sod regardlessi of expense, etands, In. 6pleasre groiundof abe-re ais acre.ssleca.ntly lad vit 'witha-wel se,lectedfieweranamashruiv. Insobf the sitting rooms opens intosacon-~ .eac-vatryahot4lsatdtfaty2i.stockedwith ch6o~andtrssgVat& The fnrntorus&lm~a~ btakn st aealutlo,attheop'ion:of tile g:D;e.-AhA pqrty Sadjinst- Qle.eetr Lodge fortnerly.tiexeetheoseorfOM5eg Leastlam Couki, At.the sam3e itAeiwillbe:old-in sepaatelot. aDwellsi-hoteetth~mdee oris rooms, xsed-n .&S * . ~~~byr direetlo. of Lsi 3toeartp MESSRS. PRTCM1 and CLA%tU;0Will SELL by. A.UCTIOS.Nat Gras9. Tr,eftis. July I2t M12 focl3 ts~o 6ts, hecaptal DUj$E3 P~tfMLn3, wihdarel -hosses, :'ssnj;Alan0Y a wl.ilt 7)*eazy.Ail.bse,ap o and preItrs5he iher cpitalDw XU4l,t W-oip1,,ou2.WIz tontb, btol thne ofal "'~T~lCE OLMtK*il SELL 1b ba lots, ay,orer .bgciy-tod OWLM-Ht fA-Johnit. S'tuart 4- a6p ufhi A pRAMr LXND siehrn~oo4Mebag Rboe. low 23 24,. cud-t5-, with fropIeespEaW-te road.in thle noeupat4iaor wkjs lonedeabnthiow.rnt IOduper aboutu £140e oovage%,sta,d held fraildngu tees,t 'at Ga'tieawk aorty-Ulrd ien The. poety,o, %evs.Pinchserand Ce.v, 45Caz -'-Ale~ *r;--frJte~ui FrsOtr: feisiunv. O Iimsa r nve6taanttl.- reodXtt Penl zSroT. ofUINTIN ra instnrucitedntl to thE, Lmabl under he d-CtIO Prof ity inhthe1titor,rend, w2nith .reversig-ls o the e, retntal solin bu is, ybeeamere May thane Mart nit Muro tec.hnda.Jl 2 s, the enonabl ofREddLI) pox.TAT rt'o.3e ulbro,1aus-oueotined ofho ornimp-ti. nolcitr. 4 ~laohis-nn~1d4t Iarswa'a;anof teMankltoe andClar~~~~~. 45, cerytladirctel e o thre lla,l'yr-rrrlrbs- .,ie.I{uuu thVir .3-r.elr Sir thsp4rhs, Ensfrldchar,wib foatoe t-th roa. i tl exprcnpatort lre end lugs, stuateat Gna-lane Ferhy-bi ", thblomttingon ttj in or-un-ane 3ilsr~-tr-et.XnSkL er tion afd thr-et Proper of- Mesreet, -oapn. _ Dboh.n.ed ton. ehie. atrr of essrl. Fresie en ,d 37acre. ertof ar-re.4. f!ne'- .. fureast uatse be-ntrees, Ctaay.-Ierdil aud W o Cr ernsli o ditwe omto stietionsio thie North-Eastrnt M PR,ST. QUINTIN is instructed to SELL bv ACTION. at the M art. on Man-day, July 21 (unlies an acceord able offer lre pre-viotLely maAe by eirivate contyracti, at.-ur LeAs,itabl possssin, f slssar,istPREiSituES,siute P ithin Aax f.ew deorigofL ~hdSirad-tret.andconigore lo Ites m-bntaiwaesut 12o roar- invstmnt f he ighstcnaminc 5 iorto -ctha rr'eptiono a grondle ret wl resion toterok'isi sbinzsiront 11 yeas, cthe si ond=Ay.Juy the r alngbl en 1¶e peasure ESTAF Nod37.W shrubb,itaeryo-haikse. one gestenhost imtr-bsei en. nd in14the lannedioere Qvicinity orf th redls Roial Phosses,nmyb bnad.riacito acgeantilema bosses 2nd theg dreqt irehof communiatteond winthCnown.strent The od ppel-e-iatpce ah pefrtae ofrhot Sre feet us, the r5 itu e tof Wafford.% Seardson Loutdgate voldbefond onde of2 pher ano nj:oyabethboer withthen Iram hofe thde. eparl tmlarsi and prrns mas, beia.en s tW arbton Heer thea whoeipp letS to yeara an;a preen'relEin Mit I per n.u. A3. Thretreeht, Dwelinr-unee, 4,5, sd6.Bndcut.Whh ork bttig n h co0 umh id'f CpWslhoer.honw of th eTimte ....nall Laelde of £12 bu,wi,thotro gof therhal esituate, thi porution teprpr incrase n th preent er,tl. PrticlarsAnd ecrrnditons of erIe rs cenrio-st~ reet;oad of ~mr. St Qunto. atoer. IdulSae rasgof full siuaeOBeTwe KEONYON handslta Abee y fanareeablte dintanrecfromstwtostaionsao the Noarth-Esten Frild.A-ast and withI ane hlytoursord noft dtow: ith FREEHOLDae DUnSeIro. P.EN th ast firNe yat thearts on: houas Julen expnled s upn tba 7eroabery triter is reiously in tie hroriat coralt trb arbti.ant.nly~ desorabl onarisnga rveepr,ad.inithatrt pitouivresqu pirto ocs r&ex tze dt easgtu vicinity of Cumn Fordpandthcuores. Iud cndtainsofAbouppyath1 edaroas bRathrom. ductsner, ro. dinning youmbrs,monn Copes,,-study. niartobe MoOnleste ofie,-ndeery v clneensenre Lc for the r.reprtiarrofar-entl. mai's fnediatlsne nt,wihepaanlisln.cn.hhmrs aree' otESeSfr-msed SnDCW K ntuidoand eSaOmNc bavebeienfplasured grod,with intlawn. endm thrbey Propiketo twinL greho UseIO,.kithe te nartln and par-idae mely 2,at ow land -ofre lorauel-n oaere with o nr apgziforttinnEr,L andelpnt COPRaboLD theA DOW LeA-NDhewhoe about 3? eem, freehtold. znod-ta direanrr sitsde etitefee. Pinnermr~dt pHarsrown May be had, and 2 gpirto a -lnlns,woe Iaventoss ereptaareh daby atteyndacei to .Pper, a'snd,wh Prmoud spbrecariaclr vthe efc viilarssanexd an may b)e hadl at the Hait;e.t thea 71rirowlp tQnein! Eand.o Pinnr:.Red niotn. auctioee.all, cra nnalt Essianite.E --de ,witherr Arood taurdens situae atd Crinown. afr wn at therwart, Wien Horsda, AUgust1.-eat t1e pretiid, ind1 otf Temrs nies VLLAg mew WaEtford, Hme ach eat theirngm citrom, Huw-rith ea fotand brxe-acklsin.stne o .hm itsnVla.Mlhok ertoad trrtnreo.roA de,uixon Frorbl psarticler hiyl"5nditisn ofbsole sr-len atitesMn tro ter. esn andod o tc NorteWanem eanlicioy, 6u, M E,RSROB. SED NWIC ha-dsO]h been favoured il W.i tutrons tlonSEL ato the Prpietr t,onSL rriy. AUgs . at], aretre themMrt mo s Frderay,Jle 5 aittEH9 noLe IGIUIETLs LANDIISnd ituate land, beingto.h farm-iure-atree.in itsr cn.ity of Land on.tnrige stheuastle years uhrlywards ub prE of R50hs eneisled uponrthis Maroioert,md 2t ins pnow in the snort complysetepstte of rbypiantia and ore PLezbes,annue Feparticularrs wt iaudondi asofaaed napphe nademar-t Bank~~~~~~~~~a !sleddrlshiex.-Veryd-ae sirabe Freehowlad. Pinnert. koar Harrow-nt Fthe-till ond shiom-e Lard Radjilway, inbong-lamreliesaromhLondon 1~rSSRS. SEDGWICK and SON have -been favore voJrewith nrni'no frmctiresPrombprieopritorS,t h AUCIOb,Atr tirU tte Mart, oon Friday. July- 25, at 12, in tonec lot,s,mt 0 ACRS of.4p of ssunsuperior FBEd MEADOWandNDOPwHth bouMEADOW LARDcaln nexlln rondiatioran,mooht deirabl Uxbituae.Mbetnese Piner, and darrwy a ev-e 1dss prior tote sale lSunday-s excpe,b pliqonteepredi,s by pplingtow Polor Wet ed. innb,dhe particularsmwth palasanee, may Ireebhad at t1h hte Kz.Ving'soer, Harow Quc,een's Kinea,, Arinn.er: aRadsLon, oth,and Beme r-net;s Wh:IteaHein, Edte wlane; Abro n timr:Rose and Crown, Watfod:rda; Swelanerwr,,a h lfatimrsrt ; ofidinra Hoome ibide atlPrir9 theMes-itandoft Berkeley sqaedgoril fNm-a eaik and Son land and timber surveyors adett gns od a iddestt gnsLMod,d-odge, near Watferd, Hearts, and at therfaleaiene-rie fand a Hrortey-hrall ad.lxlybal .No.rr,sh 12.- des-rads- Freehol Estate, trticware.wah tu sevn ile fom atord o th NrthWeTenaIOlwa, and etoht from UxheidgeEof,he bov 1I beEsers. u SeDG IKadSNa enfvue LV. it istuc,oo ro te rorito- oSAELLby A UC-IN at te Mat. n Frday,Jul 25,at 1, i onel3t litiLL2 Ltn'e valnd situate tear-Charl-wot, ithpaihoferlookingr'w.the Gardns be slwe dRs.ro to thRER isal instunascted d byaplin nE h preiss, hee prtcuars wth dan seeed tsa e had xeutrsools raqy rti then esd hao atLb ACIY"o the Whtat.Wnsr, nd isea- HVen. St. Arei'san's olesd Cy r-,oown.tractf,oriW Swan, tekdanerulyw0rth at the vrart: LAS of thma elos Es oliitor. in iskolentropwrth;watd of Msaosrs Seudie sande Son, land rand teimbermstreyr adestrbemate sied fsrdeoher-e.-r deisirahoite Freehold Prvoperty,w lrofs-so gaas Sons bseelnigtoa and someur Lan aed foining in L fonmto neardColey.78-6 M ESSES. SEDOWIC and SON hviewbee nd far- T101, atthe art,us, oriday.eul 25Te. a S ntrelt,de r ofPun RIGGTTso beAgs LAo D wioucethatio hesand ignes tui buicldngs. et to Mr. WliM[Putna, andtr thae rahoulhslasn yeRyichoands situate ol e CO pariah ofIYS Eiemcrwrt,Shout Mor-en mlaes fon Julyord, th ain deight froe inxbridge, rTYeehlsw be sowd.2 day prerton trsaeSandaett ysfit Gexgepsted,by apinhmond tepemss F-wthe o ariulas, with ColaposeSannexe. maya bare had Peetcr sGarde- she the beGGhad at the Whie art,oundI or, Meannd oen edniesdWa,hul -t.a HomefUorigr Crw,Arrsa;Goge han Kin'sAna,Ye-khr smstea s end iemsllyebpil,sai:tuate n. St. Awbny Rewem ndCo, WUhotderd: Swan.son ciekmteorthe bautithe - renars andof Mcar, Segesi an So, lad ad ocatimer uarveyo-s~ and stae aent. Wod-de-odg, nar-WatoundI. lrta ailnd atthei far,ns an Hirton-bride, and Cr-xIon--ball Richmond. 9tnrreey.-Tmportrint Sale of valuable FreshDIad Estates. -WrE PIGGOT1T is instructed by the Mfortgaees 131under power r-L role, to SHLLby AIIIIION, Da W eanesdlam, July,20, atthe Graxhonnd oDIon.ricmond,.t1fr ,i os HE subsutantial. DWELLING-HO0USF5 wit Sfops, e3tenoive coachbutde' chaiseand premises, -12 cottagesl a detached residence anid ninc racently well-buflt dwelling-houses, all freebnleL, and presenting a rare opportunity for -investment of caldtal, Os- of securing houees for cneupation in -this ileligbtful locality, larticu1srs enda codionn& Rauyle& obt and Carsthe Garnes. nautnn. Ierl;chmobnd:o sme ssre.ItebLards and Son,doicitosb,2 Cron-cmGourt O.tni Brad-treet ofWelmk CY.sraTl-re RMawe, slcitor,12, Selb-ire, lingrolItnt-Teu o Messs, , adO.Andn. nhiitoe, 7, lertbe-r feet, Sos;. fM-er SShe ialewS. an D hIng,O solcitrs DAV Edfod-Ow; ofThs 12, bterLewiso. oftb, archnitcto, t, Johnstareet, Adelpbt; sadrof 1,!r piggett, auctioneeir,valuort nd Jetste of ent, Gedolrmce-etniset, Btiinon, w iis b iDii Cut arnd Gadchorble Gaonelm (autoe o'earls h0 and ft,.re Storolnan Marbl Mortiers. Gel tugiting Watches, - Mee ChS.e7s. -idie'Ta -uperied Watces,lee tuyinge, Paeentr:tvyr W.I.GLASIER ,wil1sELL bY. AttTJO2;r M R. Gxrswsyl4on Tuerd&y.'-JU1Y29-. 'atilfori,Vlifi laite.bydhr;qtiots of tbe )lortcawe,~SX't~ o 1by-- sto~tially bicilk IIOVl}4. -To It to i1. Stirrex,ne~ar the lr-br-d a5brh -casneLet; eatimaas,tporo Iduco a rentato tlprnnj eahl f-aren9.termns eat TMsrlow grohandiagts. -PaLjjMc,!Pani0tostpiuU -Si i` To enrpellt Buildersm etelm,aa tes 15-rnlb MXr?h,Va.t Sek- -tet. Er -~a 71RW. R. GLASER ii :Intractedj to SELL b Y fPIUCTO2. on tse rieeniq.g,ai above. sTue-esay, July 2;7t 1fo .t capIWo aIry and wrell- aseoned bSFOC1= I .j - eoo enoo~.7odplueplouk, =0 b ,rt comrsr.edeal ant battenLZl 'n.alo adihl audyello ior boar iod.% 1230D0fet widejairXee ci Yllb anl Vre~ of W.,It. GLASIER *~ill SELL byAUCfoTIO4 sit,ute ateye-ate. mesrEAher. Smry,y let to w-eekly tenanlt-, a,t rent.~: xUltnVetintuto £23& DL er annunsi; Mar lae Tiewed by p erlsson. ar& V3rlmAT1slof F Tritton.7Ieq.,'ralldito, B. ThreC-aor , S3ontha-ark ; ofNfr. Jarats Herrick. boose 'agent. &c., Market-place I ntate,, at the eRan and Hounds. Cley gate : Orleens Arma,Dita M=oh; at Gaerasta-yz anld of theauctioueer, 41. 'Chasrldmroes. Weataeu.l,and TwoPot of Freehold. Bat -s Adz djoimvir j~RW. . GLATER wil SELTs by AUCTION, Gacrwa9sou Te ayJudy 2.9. atl2forl,itbrclot.,by; directianogthe ignee-of M. Tlba.aiL a bankrrrpt. a- 4, withtbeeneaentof the ortgageestb. CaIs REEHoLD MEl~SUAIIE. built for a ~pisblla-bonr:&Ass nw an the WbP%U.tslf a iMaihjaactonof heRadge-roadwith Surre-lane. Balteese' afeut-te tiSeet6 otle Brdidg-xoad. May bevidwe4, andl putatoas P..A linrtI aciihr.29 nsm-q.r, bury;.on the promise : t (lreaayb andof hea uctoner. 41. Ckardng -ro-s. -cptlSC gnctrrOcuptin M .W. i.GLSE -lSLL yA CTG Mor,gagee, withlfoL ayoreroftb mnlstsautially-buitlksm-eahdFML sl n h-eaFe'and stable, en o . c'Vlae odBro-a, Ilrixtoare-at cAhe nmra teCnehr.o, froenBm xosCue.sftevleo 0 e annum;hedaylae direetfo hfelndr ol er.a aground rentof£ .pe annard. May be ie,ad atcarbdofMsr.oelTaylor, and Moee,Acle,2.Bfr trsOrnK~-m on thea pre*WMies tGra anid of teacixe,4.Cui trOF1_ tray crossandtOld etx --reldad hoda,s LrI . Rl. GLSE a eevdinstrsrctiorme lo iVI ELL by A-UCTO tGaaa'.o Tuesday. July2.tt .for L In 1j0 lot, tefloigegbe HODAndLEA'Sit. HOLD> PitOEtY;snpiao dhev, trsmble red duce 7 aselsn~mree As.a-Cos,. lsa aa.l.-heneanI4 etcble in th%e rear' twro welF-baatt hoases. Hrs. I anad 2. Pleudp-rnad.i Old KatrCoast azal. seve bo,tz NoL Ito T. lizslbeth-teos;lce. ASY"lns-rge& two h%vingi sunis, le-Oduir-g A rent-1l of LI1) Ce- soau. ' held bylas-,.ef, long tersala& u-elow-on.d rvnts:ln tgethers.-itr, it co-isal ..allsrceln,lat han-ae?, Nas 3 and 6, ilhxrlm-htret. sr Pass. 6 to 10. Itiurt -place. Chrtrles-eta-get, Asyluma-roul. Old Kent-road. proaiucipigLlt6 pc apnoen. HaQevise y emn-o r. 7. ldntchinr.tese-ce by ca1 ny,ard particulars bldofNIe~sar. Elate and Sn,w, E.116liitors 2-1 Ccir~r!.Cno--rc:ad-tCe'cneer. 41. CUia gcrs JAleohat. close to the Permanent Rra-eka-. ~~5R. MARMAI)UKE ?iIATTHEWS beir to informn Xthe public lbst P'ORTIONS of the Taluable FIIEMBOLA and Buir TN(I L.%D.elate to the ve_risruent BL-rw,cEr at Ailderabol, recently offered to public Auction. were NOT SOLD. wad that he is full anuthorized to treat for the Bame by Private (irntract.-MEt~t_ oBees'. Old Jewsy. - iix:c mywaadHmro.Eill lts of ~Frrehldan-dCopyhbold Buildn ad M~. ARI Wm M TH WSsil EL IF--t- he xwt anF~iau gust 1, TWELVE1 elCelge LOi LLIUXI situate in Church-ros eoetn.d Wlck-rosl lciurTriCk. PartCicuarsand plan3 Mano be ha at the oBrs.Od ewy Valuable_ Fre;h-al&l BwdingLed Anea h otna ttwy T at4z th.-e rt. un 1.Augovrull S cre asofPlemaFeGroundG, producing on lease ....0 per anna,, for a shoct term-.wt:h considcr. 1. eRU W DUM3 yspctnc.MATTHEWS wlsbmit to liFlAUCTION, at th olr.sn Friday. August- I ll that very seape.. ri.r uoaarn-a-hilt FAMILY MANSION, placed within nlpwa.da of 11 h;leigh oad.-apiFagslen Rotern hop, Atneeeeein ad thenajat of a., 1 e annum. elirhlalfelaroccup%tiea_. Lb MESRS.TOW7SED ad W NNwil SELL by OdN, attreltact_o TCadaiw July 22U. bt 2,b rdro Greewich Itiy beviewd. Prtiolerr of i. W Jams. ar..solicttear. is.. Esuney-street, Greenwab,or of the,arlne eo-tet ye-aloC roundorns. ury TUESSRS.TO inSE SELLci byIAN wil SELLob LV5 AUCTniO,w,at theMa, Ne Thuercb. Juo2n at J`12.Hor land wfyrtatdons,thlent toeans. TATRA.tiS and FITra T £36 each MuirL beviELe. cFsrticetertnsun-edv belofrAA. lr. apnlw.frarm.edohpator. Lai-lo-steet Geenich oroftir autioees. laton-swth Itwrnn,rc hi. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ AUCTION, atthHatonTa-s.Jl2.at1.FU ion, riLESEHulyD5 D eELLN t lmUSE. or1to4Thca plce Cl;hlatreb-trelFM Ol Kntrod.lett ee Wr.Secr ,ateser arA d lagt, dalt £16 each.mmaynediescd PatPeao f Iunon,i- er tera.Nlesila-ret,,Greenwich fromSlrS-a. Srraa- erCryo.Snae WALT K It l SEL will trJSELL by UC .5 reae.s er thNs Cuc. nT isa,Jly 2on Tusay foT IONk,th entire omATIAL and FitT Go RE ChAPyE2. atu-'ittuWcfall mdbickwneST a APiDtal l.arnedspan rro nut d0ardcias. lier Gothic caemn -a yaaedwihdsuarrb pori&n 7*eac doers, ecusls turpdtstoefn n itatars gloev ers ando orithefitsings, an ifanrdebe et wt 'els a be vieedofnes flweakbfre Ohe sale. Wend aaousbd t theinsgneaheaniatsthe hoodn; n bat os oneaap'acrfeos.Cag le;ado er-.Bae Caseictn, SeardF.rey within v,a uredueted ia-l o theoastmeion othe IUESSRS. BLAKE will SELL by AUCTION, attte on Bly uly 25n, atbbll fortin h Titeeson Ju in fire lots. thr- ee acre ohagldl valurablearoelfFREEHOL.D BULDiNG LAND. (lenvrytele raed eeted)ealghfu sitaton,Fu commainding n5icires.rwie Iacderteniea iewsc~, lingth yuameiab- oppst Adarirm. Cbtetwe loge andmthe r-a lshariefron the railwayrnik t-rtntoa Barol L ege,ondont of nthmedleniy of Crailaylo skidts tedaprgope P.arka d iti r.popedrtoi ectonesatedz frsomylnd-a. rarticulara wit ithopranobme-pa , abe had at heMe rarc previou andothe inns in odo.a the negtauod t Gaoa-away's; ofmessrs Temesae, andelos sodlicitos ., sen-iours, Fenchaurch-4reet; andtof cutoy a tikaererol Carp tlesterWan itoaemeurand DrCapters. ee street:O. Shi histL rrasam.3 lrandwDoar. LCdaowhil. Sernoathe Rslay JaiCryn.24. alipnridaie; StOCit 26f1toa eRAofEMr. Bo.. cn%TsistinyafNlojraeF Js capeth nd ozenNahoseland cloes. , also eru.-g prnts, (loers Onvie Wenean rom10 ill4. ndereaogoer ad a thel rooms. or- lee pest on application..nnu X .N AS,Hit dwl wgIll seLLo t,e byAudoutbu!iON . at thev sod val1andbheglyaredute-wtraddyeao lnadl,Ig eotret,nin tgthee of tsayraen anbtwee Siartinbner Acmmd Poz Dwhur1n,bonute,maintlroie groknand ft-ourloindo- oDoe ;t :te nornteh1 oftrail. wayoit Cotlags agrorery. a sitnais pxraaped cocreet-roandation cloery, r-arA eryhdwiabai ehpeahaof h Arablue ;.3The cdT.i slabrfiDt farmds bane byl laud- ofnpto theealo IGteldfmoi.f-d. msae Lalngs Erg.- S. t 3e. Fainms, eq..IleAr Cobb,g Bere-.oH. Tlrcatard nd Habztra Catpn.Particulasr.thlthgape plans,ad rfi-3'mybot edarobe had (Alfredo3 5 preiou4.Eslytourthesae invp Lodn at them Hart; of sxdalesers. 2S-mie. Teesale an Sadllaral. slIctors 33 Frchude-T.es in ather outry.atteBlIm.Ichse analRG tiu nonar;eCathle.Green e-ceet: Shi oel.b Fao9hmad oe:Con Glerenst e;rrare. a nCronTrrsa JlaaiY e Str - laoe o r BholenrOf tlt eyna- wood. sof o iugarlt des! lst.-arun to aDrreat olais Ibefo enni ilthe ZLifs of- the C ot~aotitte bvecasecated 8- baDor. crnlser 83 t bb y a - r THMA CO gmI, theauioneer- op.ts peetainted oar tra arae.utreronIn tiaroles, a3fa.- rresi. C sta1e11 st with weirc-husr, cottains, Taland Ou-Quldi,gs gpai-abeacou,iria ndbtogether'ahprst seven andia ruarLter en-s.Aos fcathumobdio Dscealnr-boaedi. wjith ararere asaid eutbuiling,withnI sin Nrorth. gastreet. ToCottags an d wem nnar, ile tra see Knss'ee na t Kltssa-s eealx and a thalearens, ei,g part iof thelateqmun itit s ino Ktng serr-ct romv edaandrtablope efLnd, p nlatedartclesc ervo-emmof clratajndlgabantki--tce.ulipi. Furthr aartters willhe bfeafgicen in tictal,the r-rsen particul andmrs,plns, of-de.n'whin maybogtein from beIr be hredon-es-I, 4andx-out Ta m ph au ;o an tate flerm icorl and Abwalkert2, %Lincolrk-inuao-e.d;H.Feei abt 7 efr-o;Pess ls Ha rshOidd. Gloosrehi, nd st Kietons, Wilt s-U olf 730ace ofcla ad ihnSeven anilcGeof Itlath it miles f Diol l Chippe fGur mlilceofBadminten and TLUR.WILL~tM AYLE wil SELIL by ATJC> Facto, -com'psrlsr' a substantial freestons- houste, bnuit in thie Gothie sit-h garalens, barns. yards, theble. sad evernno,therfecd. oiaraand va fartv nl2hdin, and 2a2OI . of rich arabc sed paF'Lre lrand.laths occtuLpation of HXnr. Joseph HarrIs. Mr.iks T.icbar CPte hn Si loate comprising 34a. lr. op.; in. the ocoupation fir Ha -Jofenbi viaui.l. d oldigwlr. ircombe na the grorvenitrh Aloas tl9 S;)rrtge's Farm, com pt-inig a comp'act, newly-built farm-hiouse, with garden, teern. -ads, tsElaes. Dad every o' Aer ney,eary farm buiding, zaa la3a 1jr. p.ot nrair.mncsdow. and pasture land, in-the oceopsa Icon tliv.ldes'ands Also, snuriry Gloam, cemmunolykisosna s5 cont2ini9giPs. Ir. 23pa ef aralal and of ;tuIeI}ld. ira the o QpLrstin of the proprietor. Also: the Daown Torn:s F3aava orniprisirag a neaatlal- fasm-beuse,--besutia5ully edluale.-eaid rut-a ranadadR byt ornampental- tuer,, weith arden. thad; onLtall nece -sonyfar-bults}dings, ar.d- ompacl oa. O.l ie.-cthdesbu tlls. of acabl aud~ssbia lnd. ntr moarusow.o aty.Jod ra eae lan, enah D are £octiguausto the topr of rihetod. Asdor:t deDow Ts-at. excemrk whr3oM a audbe,lea- fG rsa-ichih l5 ocality is as liajrarey .celebrated. - -h!3 selt ramn ha . fand partirularly asisfor t-aidriaat, Paio S ad by or nt-en-gren mropa, with'igade diry.a-Laa ell ror-c, -tivated duin4 the mont-rainy seson.- -Thorn 3sasontheb epe )tV ertVc IGtBa atcefUdorni&ldntd - and-rta7P, -with atrLaM, exea oa,e we ec0esled and t3ie the town oef rce ilra. Iryow.u - ce pat- eycaer ay ibe lied of hae-nre?L - iantt ana Pegeaue. selretoes do-n.om4 tattoo, Batlr and ef the auctioneer, at thip a Bodrsa'Dd of,: eae m -.ee deboil;l s area! para . 3bad veesnrs0ee to Ma
