DEATHS. On theod nlt., at Fernambuco, of typhoid fever, M. A. Borthwick, 7gq., CE., late of 26. Charles-street SS. James's-square, aged46, beloved. honoured, andlamented. On the 2St vW, at Rose VTis, Aberfel d Perthahlre, Robert MeNaughtan, Esq., late of the Georze gotel, Gassow, aged 5L On the Lst inst., at Swarthdale, near lverston, Margaret, infant daughter of George H. 0. Sunderland. FEoi., aged 23 days. On the 4th inst., at Tunridge-wells, Mr. PeiceOde%, aged S5,late of Chelzea. On Friday. the 4th inst., at hliddleton-Tyas, Richmond, Yorkshire, :diet Blnche, youngest child of the Hon. A. C. Orde Powlcett aged IS months. On the 6th inst., at hyl, North Wales, William Paul Jacob, youngest Eon of Capt. 3.S. 8echeil, Shropshire Militi aged 4 months. On the 6th ins., at East Ear, Hy Asa, dauZhter of Mr. Thomas Circuit, aged 27. Onthe 7th inst., Richard leonard Lee, Esq., of Leeds, aged 72. On the 7th inst., Mr. John Surman, of Sew-green, aged 71. On Monday. the 7th inst., at Hanmlade, near Tiverton, llHe, the fourth daughter cf James Minchin. Eq., aged 18 years, OnMonday, the 7th inst, at her residence, 12, Montague-place, Clparn-roend, Sarah Martineau, third daughter of the late David Martinesu, Esq. On the 8th inst,in the 62Mh yesrofherage,MaryAnne,wefoof Robeht Allan, Esq., Hendon. On the 8th inst., Mr Mizabeth Ani Sewell, Newbury, ecks, vidow of the Inte John Sewel, Faq., of 49, Fore-street, city, London, aged 77. On the Stis ines, at Upper Islianton-tence, in his 80th year. Mr. Thomas Headworth, many yeaws clerk of the Bank of England. Oa the Sth inst., at Haberly-tecrace, 15allfpond, in the 70th year of his age, deeply regretted, WLV Wakefield, Faq., after a few dayWiilnea On the 5th int. at tjpe residence of her eon-in-law, William Mair ZsR., of Notting-hill-square, Harriet, relict of the into Thomas Newm- Rq., of Cambridge, aged 78. On the 9th inst., at 2S, Fawcett-street, BLshopwearmouth, Charlbg Taylor, Faq., aged 45 deep lyregretted. On the Sthinst.. at his mother's residence, No. 7, St. George's-tesrace, yde-park, Charles%Viiars, youngest eon of the late Captain age-s,
AMERI-CA. - *ASOHMTON, Jur0v 1o.' By the United States' mail steamship Arago, Capta5n lines, with the F'rench and English mails, which' arrived off Cowes this morning, en -roitte cto Havre, we have dates from New York to the 28th ult. The Arago brings 230 passengers, of whom 26 am ior England; $550,000 in. specie for Havre, $150,000 for London, and 1,500 barrels of flour. On the 28thult. the Arago, 35 miles east of Sandy Hook, exchanged signals with the French steam propeller Alma, bound in. July 3, in lat. 42.35, long. 49.20, also exchanged signals with a steamer bound Vest, supposed to be the Baltic. July 4, in lat. 44.15, long. 40.10, passed part of the wreck of a vessel about 200 tons, which appeared to -have been long drifting about. J'uly 5, in. lat. 46.15; long. Sv.45, the Arago passed close to the schooner Kate Bowley, -of london, abandoned, with hatches off and full of water. The spars and _rigging were iiLtheir places,.and. appeved to be in good order, but the vessel had been stripped of her sails. July 6, in lat. 46.45, long. 31.45, exchanged Tsihe s with the Ship Madr, showign awhite ;linglish ensign. July 7, in hat. 47.54, long. 27.5, exchan3ged signals with the American ship Pepperell, v of Saco, standing west. July 10, in 13t. 49.44, long. 6.45, pas<sed the bark Raints, of London, bound east. The steamnship Anglo-Saxon, from Greenock,.arrived at Quebec on the 25th ult., and the Royal mail steamship Asia reached New York from Liverpool on the 27th. The intelligence from EBngland was looked forward to with great interest. In. reference to the feeling with regard to the difficulties between England aznd *America conveyed in the intelligence receivedbythe Asia, The Yewo YorkH-erald aaya: "When the last mail arrived we stated that the habroglio might be considered as terminated. We now reiterate that conviction with a better knowledge of the facts. A.s YTh. Time intimates, the questionisnownarrowed down into one cf lIr. Crampton's guilt or innocence. That is the proper ground for it to occupy. - If Mr. Crampton was innocent he u7as wrongly dismissed, and it would serve this country right not only to see its Minster dismissed, but to lose character and prestige throughout Europe, for the only excuse for the high-banded measure then would be that Mr. Pierce was courting popularity for electoral purposes, and no one in this country would object to see a President well punished for thus provingfalse to his Station. But if, on the other hand, Alr. Cranmpton was guilty-and we are hound to say that, for our part, we have not the smallest doubt but he was-then it will devolve on the British Governmenti not to carp at this Administration for dismissing him, but to render to Mr. Pierce hearty thanks for having taken a measure vhich justice caeled for, and the interest-s and friendship of the two nations required. Indeed. from the moment that the question is placed on this-the only rational-basis, it ceases to be dangerous or irritating. It assumes a shape in which reason can grasp it without any enormous effort; it does not necessarily provoke outbursts of national prejudice or passion. DidMr. Cram pton commit the acts charged, or did he not? That is the whole point now ; and we can assure our British neigh. bours that if they can show, in a straightforward, sensible way, that the charges brought against the late British Minister were unfounded, and the acts whereof he stands accused not actually committed by him, they will obtain the hearty sympathy of every American citizen, and every respectable journal, in denouncing, in the strongest terms, the condulct of the President and his advisers. But until that is shown we must be allowed to consider the argument against Crampton to be conclusive." The forthcoming Presidential election was causing great excitement, and it was said there hadnot been so much enthusiasm manifested throughout the 'North and. West at the nomination of a candidate for the Presidency since the Earrison campaign of 1840 as there was in brin'rina forward Colonel Fremont, the Great Rocky Wiountain pathfinder. Large meetings had been held, processions formed, and gins fired. Tne struggle was expected to be most exciting. From the confident tone, however, of the Democratic journals, the election of MIr. -Buchanan appeared certain. The Illinois, with San Francisco dates of the 5th 'it., had arrived at New York. The news is important. The murderers Casey and Cora were hung on the 22d of May, the day of the biuial of TLr. King. Yaukee Sullivan, thepugilist, who had been arrested by the Vigilance Committee, committed suieide in his cell, leaving a confession containing some important revelations respecting the elections and political movements generaUly. Throughout theState the greatest excitement prevailed. XNfartiallaw had been proclaimed in San Francisco, andit was reported that the Governor had determined to put down the popular reform movement. He had not, however, taken any measures towards the accomplishment of that purpose. The opponents of .-.he Vigilance- Committee attempted to hold a meet- i, but were prevented, and it was said that they had armed and infeided. attacking the committee rooms. This counter-revolutionary movement had aroused the people of the interior, and aid of arms and menin support of the committee were tendered from all quarters. Four vessels from Atlantin ports bad arrived at San Francisco during the for-tnight preceding the 5th. In Oregon the Indian troubles hnad somewhat abated. From Costa Rica we learn that the armny was disbanding, and epidemics were prevaaling to an alarming extent. The Nrec York Herald publishes a report of the proceedings held before ex-Judge Peabody, as referee, in the matter of the application of Samuel Jervis, an Englishman, who followed his wife to America, with the intention of taking from her their three children, with whom she clandestinely left his home, for the purpose, as is alleged, of joining the Mormons in 'Utah. The testimony was very extraordinary. It ex hibits an amount of moral degradation on the part of the MIormonites, and, as far as the direct examinationl of the wvife of the applicant goes, a series of domestic infidelities, and a want of paternal care on the part of the English husband. Plurality of wives, brutality to children, and even incest, are sworn to be common among the " Latter Day Saints," while the charges against the English husband are drunkenness, cruelty, 'want of energy, and a tack of morality, which led to the personal discomfort and ill health of his wife.. The United States' steam-frigate Susquehanna, Coranander Joshua R. Sands,#)riived at New York on the 25th ult. from Aspinwal and San Juan, carrying the broad pennant of Commodore H. Paulding. The Susquehanua left San Juan on the 10th. Nothing very definite was learned of the movements of General Walker, who was at Leon, awaiting the result of the election of a President, then pending. The army of Costa Rica had disappeared. Carrera, President of Guatemala, had raised an army of 3,000 men to act against Walker, and left his capital with the full determination of giving him battle; but before he had reached the borders of his State his ranks -were reduced by desertion and death to 500 men, when he deemed it the wisest policy to march back again. Honduras refused to allow the Guatemala army to pass through her territory. St. Salvador was friendly to Walker's government, and he is now more firmly seated upon Central American soil than any of the native rulers. The recruits from New Orleans, with six pieces of artillery and a large quantity of munitions of war, found no difficulty in joining Walker's forces. The Nicaragua correspondent of the Netv York Herald says:- The Tinklepaugh proteat seems to have been made der a misinterpretation of the views and feelings of Captain Tarleton, of the Eurydice, who did not contemplate anything offensive or omficious towards the Americans. lie, on the contrary, says that he was rendering them service. The fac' that he permitted (when he had the power to prevent) the armed and well organized expedition sent oat from New Orleans in the schooner MUnnie Schiffer, with six field pieces, to land andto pass up the river with the proclaimed purpose of joining walker and acting against Morn, sufficiently proves that he had no disposition nor authority to interpose the least obstacle to their movements, Give, then, the gallant Englishman instice- he is more deserving of enlogiums than denunciations and protests." Tne K-ansas Investigating Cormitt&e had.closed fheirhabours at the Astor-house, New York, and left for Washington. The object of their short session was to procure authentic evidence relative to the doings of the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Society, about which there had. been a good deal of dispute. For this purpose witnesses were telegraphed from Boston, and testimony appertaining to the subject was taken from Amos A. Lawrence, Eli Thaver, and G. P. Lowry. The witnesses were not exa- nined publicly, but made out written statements, which were sworn to before the committee. Mr. Oliver, the pro-slavery member of the committee, who left them at Missouri, was notified of the i- tention to take testimony upon this point, Governor A. E. Reeder also furnished the committee with some evidence in regard to other enbjects connected with the investigation. Iate accounts from the plains state that the Wa*go and Apache Indian s were very troublesote and it was thoug,ht thait it wrould be necessary to proculre the assistance of a. strong military force to 3heep them in order. 3lntefligencefromflermuda hasbeenl receivedto the Ilth ult. The British war sloop Malacca had arrived fromz Jamaica, with 38 menii don with yellow fever. She had lost 11 men, including eig,ht officers, during the passage, and could not proceed on her- voyage north, owing to a 'want of hands. Four others died ~ at Bcrmuda. Admiral Fanshawe was about to -sail in his flagship for Halifax. The war-iloop Buzzard hadieft for England; andthe Amphion, 32 guns, had arrived out. An addition had been made to the army by reinforcements from home. ILate adNicez from the West Indies, by way of Bermuda, state that sugar was selling at high rates at Porto Rico. Admiral Elliot had resigned the Govenorship of Trinidad, and was succeeded by the Governor of Grenada. He WaS, in turn, replaced by the Governor of St. Lucia. The Commissioners of -Emigration at lTew York had ordered their counsel to investigate the truth of certain affidavits made by emigrants against the agents of well-known shippers. These parties are charged with defrauding great numbers of -poor people out of sums which, though small in themselves, are large in the aggregate. Up to the 26th ult. 50,795 emigrants had landed at Stew York-, 15,791 less than for the same period last year. In consequence of the increased emigration and de~creased expenditure. the'debt of the commissioners was diminishing. At present the overdraught in the bank is $56,927 31. In the NewYork money-market foreign bills were done on London at 109k to 110; Paris, 5.16k to 5.15. The money-market was easily supplied at 6 per cent on loan to brokeis, and 7 per cent. on approved mercantile paper, 60 days to four months. There were some long bills offering at higher rates quite easv-say, 7i to 9 per cent. for six months, with first-class names. Thne news received by the Asia imparted greater strength to the views of holders of cotton, but the letters were received at too -late a period in the day for its effects to be fully developed, either on cotton or on breadstuffs. The sales of the former were confined to about 500 to 600 bales, which gave no correct criterion of the state of the market. Mlour sold to a fair extent, without change of moment in prices. Prime wheat was firmer, and sales of choice white Canada were made at $1 82c. Sales were pretty freely made of Western sprng, winter and club wheat. Corn was quite steady, with fair sales, withoat change of importance in prices. Pork was slightly weaker, with sales of mess at $20 50c. to $20 371c. Lard was firm, at 1-je. to 12c., with the chiefsales, part to arrive, at the latter figure. Sugars were sold to the extent of 880 hhds., at steady prces. Coffeewas firm withfair sales, which were made at full prices. Freig,hts for gramn to Liverpool were jim, and. 40,000 to 50,000 bushels were engaged at'Sjc. to 8ic., bulk andbags, with flour at 2s. 6d. Rcates were also stiff to London, and in fair demand for Havre. The supply of beef cattle on sale was somewhat larger than required for the trade, and prices declined ic. to le. per pound, the rates ranging -from 8c. to llc.; aecording to quality. For other stock the demand continued active, without material variation in prices. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) NEW ORLYEA?rS, Jima 27. Cotton.-Sales to-day, 1,300 bales, at stiffer prices, though not quotably higher. Sales for the week 5,750 bales. Receipts in excess of the same period last year 503,500 bales; receipts for the week, 4,500 bales. Coffee.-Saies for the week, 5,500 bags; stock on hand, 37,000 bags. Rio coffee is quoted at lie. to I S &rn, 60le.; market bare. Mess pork, $19 50c.
IRBBLATD. I l.; l Fa OF TAB EOLIS AND THLE flaSH =G'U- ETVE. (rRowx oms OWN* COREsPIONDMU.1 DUBLIN, THuMDAY MORx0G. As might be surmised, the observations made by the Irsh Attorney-General in the House of Commons on Monday have elicited a rejoinder from the Master of the Rolls, and from the remarks which fell from the latter high functionary it would appear that the case of Jaxaes Sadleir is likely to lead to a further and more serious nisunderstanding between the two parties at issue. At the sitting of the Court yesterday morning the Mylaster of the Rolls said,- " That he considered it necessary, in vindication of himself, to notice sonle observations lately made and reiterated by the Attorney-General in his place in the Iouse of Commons relative to Mr.. James Sadleir; and for that nurpose he would forward to London a statement of factsby that might's post, That statement he would ma3le public at the sitting of the Court on Friday. He (the Master of the Rolls) could not allow the allegations put forward to go uncontradicted. No amount of mystification should or coald [now get rid of the matter, owing to the character it had assumed, as he (the Master of the Rolls) would show beyond all doubt, for he woutld not state a single fact which he would not be prepared to prove. The charge made by the Attorney-General was of a most serious nature, involving character, and he was determined that no amount of sophistry or mystification should get rid of it. Upon Friday he would state the facts at length at the sitting of the Court." *The statement referred to has, it is believed, been forwarded to the Right Hon. Joseph Napier. IORD CARLSLE IN XIIERIC. The Lord-Lieutenant left town yesterday by special train to pay his promised visit to Limerick, where he arrived shortly after 4 o'clock p.m. His Excellency's reception was hligbly flattering, and his appearance was greeted with continuous cheers by a vast assemblage of all ranhs who were congregated at andin the neighbourhood of the railway terminus. Addresses of congratllation were presented from the corporation, the Chamber of Commerce, and the Congregated Trades, to each of which Lord Carlisle returned an eloquent reply. The banquet took place in the theatre at a quarter before 7 o'clock. Covers were laid for upwards of 800 guests. At post hour, his Excellency's health having been proposed, he rose to reply, and was left speaking. THE nrGSTOX ESTATES. The arguments inthe case of "Kingston v. Eyre and others"' were brought to a conclusionyesterday in the Rolls' Court, and his Honour, having delivered his jvdgment, made an order to the effect that the official manaager of the Tipperary Jointstock Banking Company, by his counsel, declining the responsibility of mortgagee in possession, and not opposing the motion, and Mr. Thomas Joseph Eyre insisting that the Court has no right to appoint a receiver, the Court doth make no rule on the motion, and orders that Thomas Joseph Eyre do account, as mortgagee im possession, without seeking to make the bank liable as a co-mortgagee in possession from this date, the costs of the motion to be costs in the cause. Mr. Fitzgerald suggested that the order should not be so frameed as to preclude Lord Kingston from charging the bank as mortgageein possession in respect of future as well as past rents. The Master of the IRols said he thought it would be very hard for Lord Kingston to holdthe bank liable from this day forward. M!Jr. Fitzgerald said that, although the official manager was relinquishing possession, he was not restoring it tothem. The Master of the Rolls said the official manager could not do so, but wouldif hecould. He did not meanto decide the point, but would insert in the order the words, C as betweenhim and the bank." 3a. JUSTICE KEOGH. The assizes at Roseommon were opened on Monday by MIr. Justice Keogh, who was loudly cheered by the populace as he passedthrough the town on his route to the Court-house. His LordshiD disposedof all the criminalbusinezs of the county in about six hours. THE nre'Y LITy r.w mE npEAry MTIA The Irish journals bring full details up to a late hour on Wednesday night, ab which time the town of Kelagh wvan quiet, but considerable apprehension prevailed as to the likelihood of a renewal on the morning following. The subjoined account of Tuesday's and Wednesday's proceedings is taken from the Nenaqhe 65uesdan u? of Wednesday: "Yesterday morning the Militia stopped the Limerick coach, and searched it, imagining it might be conveying away ammunition, but, not discovering any, they allowed it to proceed on its journey. We learn that they have been running bulets the greater part of the day. They carry their arms with them through the streets, and fire them at pleasure. At half-past 1 o'clock all the men from Boind-street passed up to the Summerhill baracks, armed. Lord Dunalley, Mr. R1. Gason, and some other magistrates and gentlemen followed them, and endeavoured to pacify them.., They succeeded so far as to prevail on the men to unfix their bayonets. The Militia afterwards paraded the town, headed by their band, discharging an indiscriminate and irregular fire into. the air. The shops were all closed, business was suspended, and the town lad all thc appeazance of a besieged place. "At about 4 o'clock the military, consisting of 1,000 soldiers of the 13th, 41st, 47th, and 55th depdts, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hart, entered Barrackstreet from Templemore, and were halted opposite the church. rei they received instrctions to fu;.bayonets and lId with ball cartridge, to march on the barrack of Nenagh, and take possession of it. They then -proceeded, headed by Mr. John Fleming, resident, magistrate, to -Simmer-hill Barrack each. smal as cool as if ho were going to a xeview. On reaching the barrack-gate the Colonel demanded admittance. There was no reply-it was a mc'ment of dread suspense! :IH placed his hand on the gate and it opened to his touch. He advanced, followed by -his men, who opened into a single file and surrounded the barrack walls. Fortunately, not a shot was fired at the military. Thera was here, however; only asmall portion of tho Militia, from whom Lieutenart-Colonel Maude and the other Tipperary officers, ably scconded by Lord Dunalley, succeeded, after some difficult r, in getting quiet possession of their arms. "hilo the disarming was going on a considerable number of the Mlitia from the Pound-street Barracks vere prowling outside about the gate with their arms loaded. They made several attempts to fire in at the Line, and lunfoituiately succeeded in shooting.two soldiers belonging to the 47th and 41st through the keyhole of the gate. One of the men was mortally wounded, annd he died shortly after. The other man's wounds are not of a very serious nature. " An officer's party was then sent out to clear the streets of theMilitia. On arriving near the market-cross they were fired at by some of the latter, who had concealed themselves behind the corners of the streets. The officer got his men into skdrmishing order and succeeded in dislodging the Militia from their pesition, and drove them into Pound-street Barracks. Having effected their object, the party returned without any casmulty, fortunately, occurring. "Shortly after 8 o'clock 200 men of the 21st arrived fromaParsonstown. Having ioined the Templemore troops, the entire body, under the commamd of Major-General Chatterton, X.L, who, accompanied by his Aide-de-Camp, Major Foster, and Colonel Muller, Deputy-Assistant-Adjutant-General, had just arrived, from Limerick, proceeded to take possession of the Pound-street Barracks, where the Militia seemed resolved to make a determined stand and fight it out -with the regulams. Before 'he soldiers pro. ceeded far down Castle-street they were received with a tremendous volley from a body_Df Militia, who had again stationed themselves at the' market-cross. The front rank of the Line returned the fire, which was responded to. by another discharge from the Militia. A continuous roll of musketry was then kept up for about five minutes, and the result must have been awful, only that the Line, not wishing to take away ife, there being many persoris in the streets at the time, fired into the air. Wlhile this was going on in the street a strong party of the military were despatched up by the new Court-house. Here they fell in with a body of the Miltia, who took to the fields, and threw themselves into skirmishing order, displaying the utmost coolness and determinution-it may be added bravery-mi their encounte* with the Line. They were, however, soon overcome, and had to beat a hasty retreat. Themihitarythen proceededcround by Cudville tothePound( street Barracks, where they met the street party, who had compelled the Militia at the marlket-cross, after some sharp firing, to retire also. Aftera feeble resistance, their ammumition having run out, the latter were compelled to submit, and, having given up their arms, they were made prisoners, and marched up to the military prison, where they were lodged for the night. Thus ended one of the most fearful days ever spent in Nenagh. Bat we regret to say that this last engagement was attended vwith serious loss of life and personal injury. Three of the soldierswere wounded ; one of them had his thighbone broken; a pensioner, named Gibbons, residing in Pound-strest, was shot dead while looling out of his house; and two children were more or ess injured. ' The cause of this outrageous conduct is quite simple. On the embodiment of the Irish Militia the soldiers were promised a certain boumty, but noxv, when Government are in no further want of them, they violate that stipulation. " INQUEST ON TM: BODIES. "On Wednesday Mr. T. T. Abbott proceeded to the military barrack for the purpose of holding an inquest on the bodies of the persons shot dead the previous evening. The following are their names :-nDeis Toohey and Patrick Tracey, Tipperary Militia; Patrickc Curley, 41st Regiment; and Peter Gibbons, Pound-street, pensioner. Curley, the soldier of the 41s,t had only recently returned from the seat of wars having been at the battles of Alma, Inkermann, and Balaidave. He had three medlals for his services on those memorable occasions. He ms a fine-lookingyoung fellow, about 28 years of age, and has left a widow and three young children. The two Militiamen were each about 25 years old, and not married. "A corporalof the 41stidentified thebody of Cuiley. " Lord Dunalley, -was the first witness examined by the Coroner.-I was in the military barracks here yesterday. I attended as a magistrate in consequence of a mutiny among the Tipperary llegiment of -Militih, and offered my assisb. ance in restoring order among tlhenm. With regard to the death of the soldier Cnrley, I saw the occurrence take place. I saw a man dressed in red come up to the small door of tho barrack entrance and discharge his firelock ; thle man that fired was within a fev yards of the deceased at the time. The deceased was only in the act of entering the gate when he was shot. The man then fell. The soldiers closed round him, and the perpetrator disappeared. That is all I know about the matter. Who the person was that fired the shot I cannot say. "Henxy Fraser, examined.-I lie in Nenagh. I was standing outside the wicket-gate yesterday and saw a Militiaman fire a shot in through it. When the shot v.as fired I heard that a soldier was killed. The man who fired ran away. I also ran away. I should not know the man wvho fired the shot. When it was said the man was shot the Militiamen and people ran away. "After some further evidence, "The jury returned a verdict ' That the deceased men came by their deaths in consequence of ganshot wounds inflicted by some person or persons umknowvn; and that the death of the soldier Curley, of the 41st Regiment, was caused by a soldier of the North Tipperary Militia.'n THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 96 951; ditto, for account, Augest 12, 96G A; Now Three per Cant. Stock, 964 f ? I; ditto, for account, August12, 9G6 i; National Bank, 35; Wicklow Copper Mine, 3L Bailways.-Dublin and Wicklow, for ac^ount, 64- Great Southern and Western Eighths, 6 per cent, preference, 7d * rish South-Eastern, for account, 61; Mlidland Great Aetera and Royal Canal, .X1; W aterford and LEimerick, for account, 24X- ditto, 5i per cent, preference, 46; Dulblinl and Kingatown Debent.ures 4 per cent. of 100g., 100. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) DUBLDT, TnuRsDhsy EVENNG. THE MhTINY AT IMNAGH. A second edition of the Limerick Reporter, dated last night, contains the following particulars:- "NEXAGH, WgDYESDAY. "The town is quiet to-day. It is said that the 'Militia who were taken with arns in their hands last night will be tried by the civil power. A great many deserted last night, taking their arms and appointments with them. The firing at 9 o'ciock last night in Pound-street was terrific. It was there all the damage was done. The numaber of Militia wounded in barracks is six, and it is supposed many of those who went away are wounded. Eight or ten soldiers of the Line are wounded. In the case of Peter Gibbons, who was shot by one of the 55th Regiment, the jury returned the following verdict ---' Deceased came to his death by the effects of a gunshot wound inflicted by a soldier of the 55th Regiment; that such firing was unjustifiable; ancd that the troops might gave used more discretion in firing into the house of a respectable man, having fired ten rounds into deceased's house."'
ABRrYAL OF THE PBrNCE OF PBUSSrA. ])OVER)l JULY 10. The mail steampacleet Violeb, Captain Lyne, arrived last night from Ostend at 12 p.m., v itlh their Royal lighnesses the Prince and Princess of Prussia vith the Princess Louise and a numerous suite. The Commandant of the garrison, Captain PIdllwsine, Mr. S. M. Latham, and other authorities joined his Excel' lency the Count de Bernstorff and Colonel H. Seymour, who, with Lord Camoys, arrived to receive the Royal party. On landing they were conveyed to Birmingham's Royal Hotel, where an elegs.nt suite of State apartments had been previouslyengaged; theretheyslept, and were thismorning conveyed to town by special train at 10 oclock. They wvere accompanied by Mr. Teulon, director, and Mr. Eboral, superintendent of the South-Eastem RElway Company. The 79th lighlanders arrived here this day; a fine, hardy looling body of men, and were marched to the Castle. Colonel Deedes's regiment of mounted rifles alzo arrived, and have fixed their head-quarters at the Ship Hotel. CmRAL JUsUCg Bi3B.-A bill brought in by Mr. Deedes and Sir E. Dering enac that so m-ach of section 9 of the Act 18th and 19thVAictoric, map. 126 as provides that every petty sessions for the purposes of that act. shlal be the petty sessions holden for a petty sessional division shaU not extend orbe applicable to petty sessions holdenin or for the liberties of the C;inqule Ports, or to Eany other liberty or' place not forming and not being 'within a petty sessionsl dIivision.
EARBLY CLOSING A:SOCrATIOY. The thre principal objects contemplated by this assoiation are the redlucing -within re asonable limits the hours of 'eniployment ia every department of industrial life, the .attabiment. of a . Saturday half-holyday where practicable, anid an earlier payment of wages. The society was formed 'in 1842'and its efforts to achieve its first object-namely, early closinig-have been -very sucoessful throuighout the ,country. A meeting for the purpoise of promotinag the other objects of the society-namely,' a Saturday half. -holyclay and the earlier payment of waiges-was held yesterday at Wilss-rooms, St. Jatnes's-street, at which Lord Stanley, hf.P., presided. There was a very frull attend. ance,buttheladies greatlypredominatedins point of numbers Anin(g those, present, besides the noble chairman, we oh.served the Earl of Shaftesbury; the Bishops of Bath and Wells aid. of Sodor and Man, Lord Lilford; the Reverends messrs. Pelham! (Rector of Marylebone), Kempe (Rector of St. James's). Maull. S. Jerner, Rashda%l D. Moore, .flumphsy, J. Hlamilt-on, Beaumiont, J. E. HAll H. Alm -fordl; -Mr lonck-ton Milne, ILP. ; isir. H. Liddell, M.P.;- Theo Mrw A. -B. Shaw, Mrx. Hraldlane, M1r. Hsrrwocd., Ah procedings of the meeting- were commencedl by prayer,,after which, Ltord STASNLEY said-Laffies and. gentlemen, I rise for the proeof intrdc n oyou-r notice a, movement -which is 3not etsTelnew.. It has already been canvassed in print, -anda it has Uen discussed at m'ore thanL one Public mneeting. Ir. other places and in various occupations of life it has met _it aage measure of success, and has led toprcia steps being taken. But though novelty may be wanting, it is neverthele,ss aquestion of great practical interest and n- portance to large classes of the community. Nay, I -may say it is a question which intere-sts the whole community;for, since inisociety, as in thle human body, no limib can ach.e without pervading the whole frame with a sense of nimeasiness, reason shows that whatevergives relief and content to one class coutributesto the -welldoing ofall, andu.initmately to the safety and stability of, the social system. (Cheers.) 'What is the claima we are hereto suppoirt ; and. who are the claimrants? The claimants are several hrtidred. thousands of people following industrial occupations, engaged in law offices, mnercantilehouses, bianking establishments, -wholesale trade generally, and manufacture of ell kidnds.. Those ongaged in retail trade are also interested, though not quite to an equal extent. Those are the suitors -who omne before you, Their demand is that by custoin and consent, the afternoon of Saturda-y should.-be aecuied as - a holyday, so ihat,iri addition to thatday which immemorial prescription, nad in somo sense law, devotes to rest, hallf of one day in the week shall 'be aUlowed for air, exercise, recreation, and pleasure. (Cheers.) In saying this, allow me to guard against any possible misconception. They want the Saturday afteonee to he secured to them; but they do not wish Parliament to interfere, or any legal restriction, -to be imposed on the hours of labour. It is difficult to decide 'whenL such -restricetions are justifiable. Certainly they ought to be the exception only, and not the rule. I pressume 'we are all agreed that in the p resent case Parliamentaryina sto is not desirable. We appeal to public opinion only; we appeal to the public 3mind, not lieated by declamation, nor exasperated by controversy; we appeal to reason as much as to feeling ; we seek, not to stir men's symapathies, buLt to work upon their deliberate and dispassionate conviction, to show what is their interest as employers and ment of business, and that our object coincides with their duty as citizens But, disclaiming Parlimentary interference, we maay be met with the question, " Why call meetings? Why discuss? Why not- leave it to each employer to settle with his men?" My answer ss, as means of publicity, as eliciting the opinion of oneclass and,enforcing it on anothier, .these meetings are valuable. (Cheezs.) But more-to establish a custom in many branches of business -we want; the consent. if not oDf all, yet of the mnajority of those who pursue themi. Individuals seldom are willing to stand out against the mass; they don't like to be thought singular; with mnany people it is almost an offencee to charge them withi originality; and in the case of traders there is a good reason why they should. be reluctant to offend. customers and to give advantage to competitors. We vant, irst, to call notice to facts overlooked ; and seconaiy.to enlist on our side imitative instinct, which ma'kes the majority of men regulate their conduct by their neighbours' sense of right. So much for the means Now as to what has already been dons, andl as to what is contemplated. to be done. The present movement is closely connected. with and arises out of a kindred agtation for the early closing of shops, the object of wh,ich was to secure theevening to those employed in shops and warehouLses. That movemenit has been attendLed. with sinaucces, and has been cheaply bought. Never "wa a change brought about with less ill feelin", or more entirely, by argumnent. (Cheers.) These two osijects have for several years been. kept in view, and. mneetings have beeni hield in favour of them; onie was held. last August at Gulidhal; aniother in April; a third.qute lately in the city. Besides t-his t-here has been a circulation of tracts and. canvassingby the indef atigable exertions of Mfr. Liliwall. What has ben the effect? -We have inLondounasallies many of themisurance companies; tire General Steami Navigation Company, Lloyds', the Stock. Exchange; many wholesale drapers, leather factors, hop factors, fruiterers, tobacco merchants, Price's Candle Compa-ny, -the house of Truman, Hanbury, Buxton, and Co., and, not least, the firm of Sir S. M,. Peto. OaLt of London we have evidence that the half-holyday has been extensively and. successfully tried in Ed.inburghi; and by the practice of the whole cottont trade of Lancashire, employing 2,000,000 -or 3,000,000. of t:ople. But it is not only in trade that sympathy hansb en shown. In 1854 236 legal firms memorialized the juLdges In 1856 Lord Campbell issuied an order that all services of pleadings, &c., miade after 2 p.m. on Saturday should. be deemed as made on the following Mronday. The intention of this order vastogiveahalf-holydayto those em loyedin the law offices 'withouct-preju-dscm" the suito-s. (clheers) At the Postoffice, where t'he auties are-argent,a hal--holyday is given to as-maany as can be spared from carrying on the service. That role, I believe, is honestily carried out. Now, the question has often been raised, whether this can be extended. to other departments of Govermnent ? I do not speak confidently, but I think that, where there ar 3many persons employed, as at the Crrstoms and the. Excise, a part may be set free. The Customs now close at 4 o'clock-, so that only two hours additional are ask-ed for by this association. The railway companies ave unmder the same necessity as the public offices of supplying the -wants of the public, but two of the greatest companies have acceded to the principle. The North-Western sets free 150 clerks en the Saturday, and. the Great Western 10W clerks. The South Wales Company is doing the same, and the Grdat Northern is being memorializedl on the subject. I have mnade inquiry and. find. that both the iNorth-Western and the Great WVestern are satisfied, economically, -with the results of the change. Captain Huish, who represents the North-Western Railway, said,- "I believe the railway companies, as a, body, sympathize with the object you have in view, and will1, as far as lies in their power, co-operate. We have done a little towards it, and hope to do more."1 I do not rest much on authority. If the thing itself be right and wise, it matters little whether mrany or few have found it out. Still, some auathorities carry -with them a practical -weight. On that ground I wil read an extract of a letter froma the present Lord. Mayor, of London; he Say:- "I have been in frequent commaunication with parties who are working this question, botis for the Saturday halfholyday and. also for appropriating several days in the year as Plarliamentary holydays ; on this latter point I have not been able to agree with the promoters, but Ilam a cordial. willing supporter of the Saturday half-holyday movement. It is niow ahuiost the rule with the wvholesale houses in the Manchester line in the city." Writh regard. to bankers' clerks, their case is one of hard. ship. I am led. to believe that the banking dams in general are willing to accede to our demand) but they say that, lik-e the railway companies, theye depend 'upon the public, and t'hat it is not for them to lad but to follow. At present, therefore, all -we can asl.from them is that they should as a generalruale closeat 2o'clockonSaturday, leavingtwoorthree persons in each establishment to attend to any business that would not admit of delay. Imaybeasked-itisaquestionone naturally asks-What is your exact'object? what ar the limits within which you mean to confineyourself ; how far will you go, andl where wil you stop? My answer is, that we 'want t'he Saturday halfE-holyday to he the rule, and the reverse the exception. We wish to establish it in every departmenit of humnan labour where it can be es tbished without absolute and. pressing iniconvenience. It is a matter in -which there is no need. of haste. I quite agree with the newspaper criticism, that customs cannot arise out of sudden impulse and resolution, but that they mnust have time to grow andc develope themselves spontaneously. Though I should. be glad. to see the work- accomplished, it is most desibld tha"t it should. not be dons, even ipart, by external pressure put aspon the employers, but w~ith their full consent and concurrence, they seeing. with their own eyes that the experiment had. been tried else'where, adtht the experiment has answered. The poo sition of% mak1ing the half-holyday on Saturday the rule an the reverse the exception is necessarily vague. The circumistances of the various branches of business widely differ, but, generally speaking, it may be said. that the several branches of humnanlabour resolve themselves into tw-o-production and distribution; the one, the making, of articles, the other, the sellig of thm As regards production, I believe there is not rauch dfifficulty in apulying the rule. Throughouit the vast masnufacturing distrfets of the north of Englandin that great human beehive of Lancashire and.l Yorkshire, than wthich nothing in Europe is more civilized, nothing in' Ameria moe prgresive,thisveryrule exists unilverall, ad wthot cmplintonthe part of the emplyers As egars th cas of istrbuton, that is of perons egaged n traes, thre ison distintinessenltiatob drwn.In hewhoesae bsinssgenerally the half-olyd canbe gien; ut, i the cas e of shoe it is impossible to close them altogeth-er _uniles public ~opinio shold hane; ut hatis ra,cticable is to withdrawa 'part of the staff, and give to each one a holyday in two or three weeks. This is M1r. Machi's -plan. That is what I 3meant when I said that retail traders were interested, but not to an equal extent. Shops used. by the higher'classes may be helped if the customers will refrain from buying lakte oni a Saturday. That was the agneny used.in the early closing question. Shops used by the lower class mazy be relieved. by the wages being ipaid on a Friday night, so that purchases could be miade on the Saturday. I have endecavoured. to show what it is we work for, how we mean to get it, and who have set us the example. Our object, however, is human imrprovement ; our agenry, reason acting on free judgment; and. our precedent is the rcI tice of the busiest part of thecomnt.Wa objections have been made on the oust ie have tried to find out ; for in a discussinlk hs hr mnost or all are agreed, we ar bound in fins ooelo n3o argument or fact that makes against us. But there are only two objections discoverabl-_one, that. the leisure thus given maL be abused ; and. the other, a lisa of profit, and, therefore, of employment, by -dimninishing the hours of busiaces. As to tbe firt argument I will say but little, because it. is one unworthy of any rational being. If it mneans anything it means that serfdom is an advantage and freedom a, mistake. (Cheerm) It is thlie l1anguage Orf a Cuban alave. owner, who works his negzroes all day and locks them up at night. But no one will stand up anad say that grown men-Eogli6smen-are unfit to be trmsed with their own time, lest like schoolboys they should get into mischief. If itwere worth reasoning onI 3ightpoint to the results of the early doing iu London, and of this. very half holyday in Lancasire. Both have been tried and both have stood the test. Moreover, I should argue that if you neve trsmen 'with freedom you never can zet them to be trustworthy. (Cheer--) But it is too plain a question to arge up. The trnth is - that the amount of labour 'we have is not only suffcient but excessive, and, if the want of leisure restns men from evil on the one hand, it debars then from opportunities of improvement on the other. The other dicult is more serious in appearance-btd only in appearace Taldng the same division of labour into preduction nd dis tribution, itis clear as to the las-that the amount of trade is not lessened by reducing the hous of labour. What the people vant they wi bu1 in five days and a-half as -well as in six. What they don t want it isbetterfor society, since it is a waste anda loss, thatthey should not buy. 1Nor is it proposed to close retail shops altogether, and with these dcefly the public is concerned. In manufactures the casediffers- but there is the authority of Iahcashire that the'Ten lgomrs Bill has not lessened production, and we have the evidence of large firms in London shoin tha theinjuryis only apparent. Ifessrs. Truman, Ha ury and Buxton state that they had adopted the plan of giving the men in their employ a half-holyday on Saturdays, and they were unanimous in their hearty approval of the movement. [Thenoble lordalso quoted Messrs. Spottiswoode, Mr. Cowan, Mr. ldillward, and Mr. Chubb, as beaing testimony to the good of theplan.j Thistestimony of men of common sense proves what wve know, that quality and amount of work vary not necessarilywith the amount of time expended, but in proportion tothe energy, bodily and mental, of those'who do it. At Cambridge, many years ago, Irememberhearing one of the most experienced teachers say, when talking of the number of hours spent in study, "Many sit 10 or 12 hours over their books, but I never knew a man who could read for more than seven or eight." I do not draw an exact paralel, but, at the same time, what is tmre of intellectual effort is true also of all employments in 'which skdll and care are required. The theory is simple; there is only a certain amount ofnervous or muscular energy in each of us; most menwork-up to their strength; the resultare the sameas regards the 'work, but infinitely better as regardsthe worker if the energy is allowed to accumulate than'if if is drawn off as fast as it is generated. I may be tola that 1 assume that the average amount of labour (or rather confinement), for it is want of air and motion, not muscelar effort, that makes sedentary trades unhealthy) is excessive. Well, I do make that assumption. There arc three facts which seem to me to prove it,-One is, the shortness of life in towns; another is, that in the United States of America, wnerc there is no poverty, no want of intelligence, and a good climate, but where the English habits are copied and exaggerated, there is the same or a greater shortness of life found ;- and the thirdfact is, that, roportionatelyto disease in general, the quantity of disease Kue to the wear and tear of the nervous system is greatly augmented. These facts are supported by the testimony of several medical men of great eninence. Dr. Southwood Smith says:- " If wve disregard the limits which our Creator has put to our capability of exertion, that beautiful and delicate mechanism on the action of which our life depends must be deranged." Dr. Tankester says,- "There is in this metropolis a sacrifice of 1,000 lives annmualy tlrough the practice of 'keeping people in shops for a greater number of hours than tho human constitu. tion can bear." Dr. Stevens, writing from St. Luke's Hospital says " It may be stated with great confidence, that a prolific cause of the rapid and extensive increase of insanity in this country is to be found in the unceasing toil and anxiety to which the working classes are rubjected. Undoabtedly the proposed Saturday ha7f-holyday or any other means of breaking into the monotony of toil would be a great boon to those helpless clases." Dr. Simon, of the Board of Health, in answer to aquestion as to the effect of overwvork on. health, says *- "Mledicine cannotanasver this questEonwithprecise sttistics. It cannot tel you in figures how much streagth is wasted for want of play. But nothing is more famiLar to medical observation than the il effects of that monotonous industry of the million which has grown up under the pressure of our commercial competition." Don't let me be misanderstood. I am the last person to recommend idleness to any man or class; on the contrary, I zay from my heart that whoever lves without a profession -that is, without regular work-, being in health-is and deserves to be miserable. I should regret to see in Europe, espedally in England, the Eastern idea of " labour being a curse" realized; it isnotacurse but a blessing, and a necessity as much asrest itself. But what we ask is that it shall not monopolize al human life, that the working man shall not go down to his grave a mere wornont machine, with a mind undeveloped, life usanjcyed, the wonders of nature and of intellect unLnown, and vith no culture exceut that of the special facultyexercised in hiscalling. 'e can do bet little, hut we can do something, and this is a step in the right direction. While I am on the subject, I il name what might bc done for the public inthe way of amusement on the half-holyday when we get it. Wrban life favours civilization, but it injures the physical health. Intellectually itisgood, physicallyit is bad. Let us bear thatin mind, andprovide outdoor amusements where it Is possible. (Cheers.) It is a great ooint to get the Sydenham Palace open onaSaturday, AKfriend, who iswell acquainted with the management, writes thus:-" There is little doubt, if the movement be successful, that the Crystal Palace Company 'would alter their day; this year they cannot, owing to an implied contract -with the subscribers," We also want the British Museum open; and, generally, all public institutions. We lkewise want a new park, and I hope 'we shall get one on lampstead-heath. (Cheers.) We want cheap trains on railroads, as irL Lancashire, so as to make excursions from Saturday to Monday. I have touched on the inteUectual and phiysical part of the question, I wil now say a word on the economical We don't estimate suffiscentlythevast addition which our habits of labour are to the national wealth. Mr. Laing, in his Rbotes of a TratcdZer, one of the acutest observers of society, says," If all our acermulated-property were swept away and Europe were started afresh, in 12 years we should be again the nchest country in Europe." Talkin vwith the ablest statistician living, I found t'hat he put the capitaized wealth of Great Britain at 10,000,000,000X, less than half of which was realized property, and the remainder, nearly 6,00,000,000b, was 'he capitahLzedvalue of labour. Economically, then, there is no machinery so valuable as the human franie. There is none, also, so delicate. We should say that the millowner would be mad who should grudge oil to his machinery, or 'who allowed no time for repairs. It would be saving pence and throwing away pounds. But that is what society does vith those who work for it. Our wish is to repair that error. We say that, as a mere matter of economy, in greater energy, in greater cheerfulness, in content, in saving of doctors bills, in saving of irregular half or whole holydays now taken, you would get back more than you -would lose. (Cheer3.) That, I admit, is the lowest view of the subject. I dwel on it only because some doubt may exist in some minds as to the economical worling of the plan, while to other minds the fact is too plain for proof. Ihave now laid the casebefore you. Ihave shown that economieally, physically, and morally, increased rest for the industrial classes is desirable; I have shown that it may be given -with no injury to trade, and with great profit to merality; i have shown you that we have an ample precedent- Iru the large success which we have alreadv attained; andIhaveshownthatitisbyargumentancd examnple, and not by compulsion, that we desire to act; that our object is not to set class against class, employers against employed, but that it is to promote a good feeling between them, and toincreasetheir mutual harmony and common comfort. (Cheers.) 1haveshownyouthatthe evil is real, andthat the remedy, so far as it goes, has effectnally done that which you undertook to do wvhen you first combined yourselves in this great work;. (Cheers.) I have now great pleasure in leaving the subject in the bands ofthose vho are more competent to deal with it. (The noble lord resumed his seat amid loud chleering.) Mr. XURsarans rose to move the first resolution, viz. "That in the opinion of this meeting it is the duty of society to co-operate for the religious, intellectual, and physical amelioration of the industrial lases, and that that object would be materially promoted by affording to them adequate opportunities of rest and relaxation." Bafore speaking to the resolution, he wouldeongratulate his friends 'ho had taken an active part in this great movement on the acquisition they had made in obtaining so valuable an ally as the noble lord whose speech they had aU listened to with so much pleasure. (Cheers.) The noble lord had entered into the subject so minutely that he should ecnfine himself to a quotation f-om a speech of Mr. Macaulay in the debate on the Ten Hours Bill, when it was origina&ly introduced by the noble earl (Shafteshury) then sitting near him, in May, 1846, Mr. Mfacaulay states the objection of his opponents thus:- " Theysayit isvain to thins thatyou cantaLe an hour off the labour of a man employed in a factory without a reduction taking place in the remuneration 'which he receives for that labour; that there must be a diminution of wages if the hours of labour are shortened." And he answered them as follows.:- "I do not at all doubt but that a person' vwil, in a given number of hours pzoduce less than in - greater number of hours, or that in a given number of days he will produce less than in a greater number of days. I do not deny that a man will do a less quantity of work in 11 hours than in 12 hours, or a less quantity in 12 hours than in 1S hours; but this I say and believe, that a great society, in 'which the children are m.ade f rom an early age to begin to work for 1S hours a-day, 'will notyproduce so much in the course of a considerable space of time as a society w;here the hours of labour are much less. The depressing labour that begins early in life and is continued too long every day enfeebles his body, ener'sates his mind, 'weakens .his spirits. overpowers his un- derstauding, and is incompatible with anigood ornuseful degreeof education. A state of socielyin which such a system prevails 'wil inevitably and in no long time feel its banefuleffects. Itwill find hat the corporal and mental culture of the population cannot be neglected withoutI producing resuits detrimental to its best interests, even in regard to the accumulation and creation of property. On the other hand, a day of rest recurring regu- larly every week, and hours of exercise, of leisure, and of intellectual improvement recurrmng in every day, elevate the whole man -elevate him physicall--elevzte him intellectually-elevate him morally; and his elevation phy- sical, moral, ancd intellectual again falls on the commercial prosperity of the country, which is advanced with it." The Earl of S A-rESBUY n econded the resolution.- He observed that the results of their experience, draws. from the operation of the Ten Hours Act, completely established everything which 'was nouwrged in favour of the half.holyday On Saturdays. The first result of that limitation of time 'was that there was no reduction in the prodlce of the country; on the contrary, the produce of tle mills was greater than before that act wa passed. Secondly,- Wages so far from falling, h8d oenreaad since that measure - especally the wages of the chldren. But even in sOme instnces the wages had not increased in money valuhe still the people actually reeved more than before arisin from the fact bt thatte quaity of their work 'was eo mulchx -better that there 'were nO deductions made for flaws8. The people'were plysically able todevote more attenion h hi -weie He believed that..althouSh there were no lern than 600,00Q persons engaged in the great mills of Lancashire, lCheshire, and Yorlsbire, all of whom enjo,.ed th-e atu_day balf-holyay, there was hardly to be found an intnce in which thatconcetmion had. beenmisured. On the contraxy, I the time was well used. The people formed themselvep I into Iea4ing club6 a.nd rtltivated lmai, plots of ground in the neigbbourhood of the towns. le rememberod one' man tellilg him that he cld -rot describe the sense of dignity and of gratitude that pernaded his breat when e walked out of the Mill at 6j o'clock and was *ble to say to himself,-"I an afreeitizen like myfellows; Iam no longer tied to the machinery tilll l or 12 o'c]'ockatnight likena serf." - At thi day he (the Earl of Shafiksbury) did think that the halfholyday.movement wxs of ar greater importance, vieved ix all ilts vrious relations, than at any formerperiod. A halfholyday wras a matter of no light ne*esity even in the days oE their forefathers, but, considering the condition in which5 society now wvas, and the great changes that had talten place, and considrin howdifferent labour now was to wvhat it used to be-he spoke not of agricultural labour, the rire work of the m3uscles, but of the labour which wavs expended on all the fabrics arising from the rapidity and variety of hnmnn inventions, and which stimulated the mental faculties and reqnired the most minute accuracy and the most unoessug attention to the smalest details of some great operation-considering this state of things, they might depend upon it that gteae andli serious consequences to the wellbeing of thenation 3must at no distant period roent from it. (Cheers.) _t wa5 impossible to go among the -working men of this country and not see that their physical and mental energies were very seriously deteriorated by tho course of work they had to paES through. When the wholeof aman'sattentionwvas conledto the mere rounding of a pin's head, such a contracted use of his mental faculties must cperate most l?reindicially on his nervous system, and produce serious ana permanent effects on his moral and physical condition. He was not sAyIng this to counsel any retardation in their progress, inut it offered a proof of the necessity that where these things dii prevail they should do what they could to counteract the mischief and modify the evilby giving tomen some period of time when they might divert their minds and change the whiol action of their bodies. (Cheers.) He should be glma to see the hours of labour reduced over the whole surface of society, beginning -with the Speaker of the House sf Commons (hear, hear), and going down to the shoeblack. (Cheers and laughter.) By such a course more wouid be done to advance the interests of real, permnanent, a:nd wholesome education thsn by any other system or device thathad ever yetbeen asugested. (Chee lhe resolution was unanmmnouav adopted. The Bishop of BATn and Ws.rs -move the econad 1-esel_tion, viz.:t-P "That the Saturday half-holyday, combined with the early payment of wages, promises to confer solid and lastng benefits upon our breth-en and fellow-subjects engaged in the various departments of d ily industry." The right rev. prelate said, that one great benefit which the labouring man would derive f-rom this proposed half-holyday would be the improvement of his bodily health. Excessive labour induced men to resort to stimulants, and that insensibly led them on to habits of dissipation and drunkenness. Therewas also a large class of persons who toiled many hours at the deslr ina constrained position, which must be injurious to the digestive organs, and produce diseases of the chest, resulting in consumption. There was no reaedy for this but to give them statedintervalsfor healthy recreation; and this could only be done by the combined operationofthe great masters of this metronolis and of the country, and by their agreeing to give these classes a weeldy haif-holyday. Besides improving their health, this scheme would afford them the oppor. tunity of cultivating their minds. Sunday trading 'was a great reproach to them as a Christian nation. At Lambeth, lew-cut5 at Spit4lields, and at Whitechapel, there were to be seen on the Sunday whole masses of people buying, and selling, and blaspheming. With a view to put an end lo such aW disraceful shte of thi theplan of pay. ing wages at an early period of the Saturday, or the Friday, would, he believed, be effectual; at all events, it was the duty of the employers to try that remedy. (Hear, hear.) Mr. M Kfns5S seconded the resolution. If hethought that by advocatinga Saturdayhalf-holydaybewasproposing anything that would interfere with the liberty of thee sab. ject, or that would be in any way injurious to the great mass of employers, he should not have been presentthat day, because he was sure they would not do any good to the workmenby setting them against their employers. Buthe believed they were doing good service in placing the subject before the employers in such a light as to make them see that, by granting this boon, they would not deprive themselves of that just profit they had a right to make, nor in any degree be encouraging any spirit of idleness or insabordination among the people. (Cheers.) It was not seO much for the sako of obtaining greater leisure as it was that the working maan might better appropriate the leisure which he now possessed that this request was made. He believed that if every 'workman were allowed to work thoroughly during the whole sevenadays, as. far as the capacity of his physical powers permitted, he would find during that time that he would be compelled by the exhaustion of his physical nature to secure to himself at least as great an amount of leisure as would be equal to the Saturday half-bolyday. This was the testinony of men who worked at piecework. Piecework tested the capacity of a workman, and he believed that if a workmaan were asked whether he would, for the benefit of himself and family, work incessantly the whole week, or would allow himself a half-holyday, he would adopt the latter course as being more for his own altimate benefit. If that were so, then what the present meetinog ased for was rather that there should be a better distribution of time thaa Any diminution of the hours of labour. (Cheers.) M{r. Ialwsvs the secretary, stated that the men employed on the Great'Western_Railway worked at piecework, and they had the privilege offered them of the kalf-holyday, which they considired to be a very great privilege; so also did the men who were in the service of Messrs. Spottis. woode, and who were employed at piecework. The resoluti-n -was put and adopted. The Bishop of SODoP. and lan moved the followin, resolution:- ^ F T That the recorded testimony of numerous eminert firms engaged in manufacturing, commerciaL and professional avocations who have adopted the half-holyday and early payment of wages, is highly satsfactory and encourauging. Ho observed thLt this was not only a commercial question, but it was a religious question, and, from his own experience, he couldassert it s a fact that one great hindrance to a spiritual and devout observance of theLord's-dayinthis country arose from the over-pressure exerted upon the faculties of the working classes throughout the week. They were too exhausted to attend any place of worship on the Sunday. His experience of the working classes convinced him that they would not abuse the boon that was now asked at the hands of their employers. It had been we l said that leisure was not euough; but that there must be added to leisure the excitement of recreative amusements. If this movement was to be carried, and recreative amusements were to le afforded to the working classes, they mus go back to those days when there was not thatdistiction madebetweenthe amusemnents ofthe rich and the poor which novw prevailed. (Cheers.) There must be a more sociaintercourse betweenthe two classes ,;the educated mind must be brought to bear upon the half-educated mind; and those who nboured. for hours to minister to the necessities or pleasures of therich must be made to feel that thehe amusements as well as. .e advantages which they gained from their toil. (CheerQ.) Nbr. DIiEELL seconded the rmslution, which was unanimously agreed to. The Rev. Hfr. RASDALE moved, and 3Major Powys seconded, the following resolution "That this meeting pledges itself to assist to the utmost in carrying out the objects referred to in the previous resolutions "which was ado pted acrid cheers. .Avote of thanks was Then passed by acelamation to the noble chairman, who ackuowledged the compliment, and the meetins terrninaTed.
BOYAL ITALIAN OPSRA. The revival of I Pitritani was interesting on account of Mladame Grisi,who resumed the part expressly composed for her by Bellini when the opera was brought out at Paris, and to which she was indebted for much of her early fame in this country. That the Elvira of last night was precisey the Elvira of bygone years itwould be folly to assert; but r that what remains of its original beauty is cuite enough even now to force an acknowledginent of its general super Siority over every otberElvirathithassince been seen (without excepting thqt of Jenny lAnd) few, we think, who were jpresentattheperformance will dey. Theewv.astheold feeling throughout-the dramatic concepltion and realization of the character which endow ed it wvith individuality and menning, givingus, instead of a-vacant singang heroine, the portraitre of an rtless nd passionate i, the innocentvictlm of fend6 in which she has no heart, and of a misconception which, while reducunghertotheutmost aespair, can nether pesuade her to hate nor to forget her lover. All thi was represented last night with such exquisite truth, such gracefal tenderness in the happy interviews with Arturo, and grief so admirably simulated in the scenes of Elvira's distraction, that the audience 'were touched and excited as of yore. The singing, in most respects, was as effective as the acting. The first duet with Giorgion in which Elvira disdains the husband selected for her by her uncle (not l;nowing that Arturo is intended), brought out those eloquently appealing tones, in the passage " Sposa, no, mai l" which none have more readily at command than Gris. The plavful and florid polacc a- "Son vergin vezzose"-was delivered in 3 1n= voc,4 charmingly sustained, which, besides its mnsical propriety, was quite refreshing just now, when what is in relty nmere screaming paen en often for genuine and emnphatic declamnation. The mad scena, " i la voce-,developedmany beauties; and, if the vocalization exhibited less brilliancy and fluency of utterance than some of us can rmember, tnese ver replaced by qualities of expression that imparted to the voice which had so often delighted another and a smore persuasive influence. After ral the end of music is rather to please than to su e; and in those subdued notes of Grisi there is aa undefnable attrction which springs from two sources-first, from their own intrnsiceloveliness. and, secondly, froma certain consdousness in the hearer that the wary enchantess is husbandingherresources from a conviction that her teak, if not less grateful, is far more A.ifficult thdn in earlier times. The last act, where Arro returrs and the lovers ame reconciled, was perfect frorm beginning to end. Th-e canzonet from the window, " A una fonte," was most sweetly warbled; and nothing could "nnamss the warmth of sentiment displayed in the duet, "Vieni fr le nie bracciL." In the absence - of Ydaiio a better .Ariuro than Signor Gardoni could -with difficulty be found; Berr Eormes was a capital Giorgio; and Signor Grezmni sang the music of Riecardo more reffectivelY- than any b&rytone since TamburinL Altzgether, indeed, the operawa ex:tremely wrell per2'onmed. The attention bestowed npont the rnlieena slre deserves, moreorer, the hirhest praise; and We allude 3o thin with the greater satisfaction because it has beenour dntytomake the saeremarl; uponalmosterery wrork that has beesibrought out since theCovent-garden corn panyremovedto the Lyoeujn. Theoreheetraand chorus, utnder Signor Costa, wvere all that couzld be desired. TDe performance wvasthoouzghly enjoyed; andGrsi-hesxies coming oa with the other prncipal performers. latthe end of the fintt and second actb-ws honoured wiih two separte recalls, afer " Son ver.gin werace" and " Qni ia voce.' We are inforned that the next revival will be Roaini' - OieZa, fer Grisi sad Kae.
COURT CIPCULAI. The Prince and Princess of Prussia arrived yesterday on X visit to the Queen. Their Royal Highnesses, accompanied ly the Princess Louisa, and attenued by the ladies and gentlemen of their suite, and by Colonel F. H. Seymour} E.querry in Waiting to the Prince Consort, arrived from Doverat 20 minutes past 12 o'clock at the Bricklayes' Arms Station of the South-Eastern Railway, where they were mnet by his Royal Highness Prince Albert, attended by Lord Charles :Fitzroy. The Royal party proceeded in four of Her Majests open carriages and four to Buckingham Palace, where the Queen, accompanied by the Royal family, and attended by the Lord Chamberlain and the Ladies and Gentlenen in Waiting, received her illustrious Nisitors. nThe Prince and Princess of Prussia were attended by the Countess von Hacke, the Countess Oriulla, 'fadaine Von Sternberg, Count Boose, Count Puckler, Colonel Von AL v7ensleben, and Lieutenant-Colonel Von Bayen. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent paid a visit to their Royal Highnesses at Buclingham Palace. The Prince and Princess of Prussia and the Princess Louis- went in the afternoon to Glocester-house, to visit ,her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester, and afterwards visited ber Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge at her residence in St. James's Palace. The Queen took a drive in the afternoon, accompanied by the Princess l'oyal, the Princess of Prussia, and the Princess Louisa of Prussia, in an open landau and four; Major-General Hon. C. Grey and Lord Alfred Paget attenced on horsebacLk Their Royal Highnesses Prince Albert and the Prince of Prussia rude on horseback, attended by Colonel E. H. Seymour. Prince Alfred arrived in London on Wednesday. His Royal Highness, attended by Lieutenant Cowell, returned to the Royal lodge in Windsor Park yesterday afternoon. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Relena and Lcuisa took a drive in an open carriage and four. In the evening the Queen had a dinner party. The company included their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Kent, the Psince and Princess of Prussida the Princess Royal, and the Princess Louise of Prussia, the Prussian Minister and Countess Bernstorff, the Marquis of Breadalbane, .the Earl and Countess of ClaTendon, Lady Anna Maria Dawson Countess Von Hacke, Countess Oriolla, Madame Von Stemnberg, Baroness de Spaeth, Major-General Craufurd, Count Boose, Count Puckler, Colonel Von Alvensleben, and Colonel Von Bayesi. The band of the 2d Life Guards attended, and played during dinner. Her Majesty's private band afterwards attended in the Palace, and played the following compositions:- OTerture-" Ilayde D - Auber. Maestoso and Allezretto-" Lobgesang n . Mendelssohn. Aria-- Seasos" . Haydn. Quintetto- f Turco D - tOesinL Prince Oscar of Sweden, attended by Lieutenant-Colonel Cavendish, visited Mr. Burford's Panorama of Sebastopol yesterday. His Royal Highness also visited the German G-Ilery, in New Bond-street, to inspect Mr. Barker's picture of the Allied Generals before SebastopoL A deputation, consisting of the Earl of Verulam, Lord Robert Grosvenor, the Venerable Archdeacon Grant, and hir. Abel Smith, jun., hIM.P., attended the Ecclesiastical Commissioners yesterday, on the subject of the Abbey of St. Alban's. Mr. John Wood, Chairman of the Board of Inland Revenue, and', Mr. Pressly had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterday. The appeal, '- The Alinc andFanny," was concluded, rend an appeal, "Van Gent v. Douglas," prize (ca-go ex Problem), was part heard.
TO THE EDITOP OF THE TIMES. Sir,-On the authority of the document before me. I heg yuwmill allow me to correct the errorcontained in the iollowing passage in the observations of i7ie Tine. this ruorning cn the Surat TreatyBill:- "FinaDly, the Government of Bombay passed an aet empowering itself to administer the late Nawab's estate, and protecting itelf against any responsibility on that behalf to nay court of law or equity." The Government of Bombay has not power to make laws. The act in question was passed by the Supreme Government -of India. Y--n nhediint. ,vo,d J. R. Rectory, Penshurst, Kent, July 9.
I PuBTic PEaTiToxs.-The 51st report includes 30 petitions for a new version of the Bible, signed by 1,247 persons; 748 against abolishing church-rates /without some equivalent, signed by 28,757 persons; 96 against musical performances (intheopen air) on Sunday, signed by 9,936 persons; .24 against the Mines Eating Bill signed by 5,095 persons, and 6 in its favour, signed by 362; 11 for aa reduction of the onerous duties on w/ines, signed by 7,208 persons; 3 in favour of the Coalwhippers' Bill, sgned by L287 persons; 43 for a decimal system of coinage, signed by 2,297 persons; 11 for the aboliton of imprisonment for debt, signed by 525 persons (some prisoners); 179 for the redress of the grievances or medical (union) officers, signed by 844 persons; 66 in favour of a proposed Testamentary Jurisdiction Bill, signed by 3,586 persons ; 119 against the Vaccination Bi, signed by G,290 persons; and SS against the arrestment of wdges for debt (in Scotland), signed by 18,668 persons. The petitions against imprisonment for debt are worthy of notice. It is contended rhat the practice of comrnitment f-'r debt by the County Courts is an invasion of the liberty of the subject, "uncristianlike," contrary to all modern legislation, and totally opposed to the act passed for restrictng the power of incarceration for debt to creditors for sums ab.ve 201. T}I &SOTCH SALmoN FismIxS.-These fishings continue to yield fair success to the angler. In the Upper Spey sportsmen have been more than ordiniarily fortunate. In the Beauly and the Conan the success has not hitherto been very great, though on Friday week, at the cruives on the latter river, Lord Lovat's kenners captured 100 fine fish. In the Spey two fine fish were lsst week taken iwith the rod at Arndilly, one of them weighing 201b. Smaller fish were also got, besides grilse. The grils fishing has been most productive at the mouth of the Spey during the week, though on the upper portions comparatively few haveyet falen to the angler. The river, we may add, hasg however, fallen to the size that is best suited for the most of the pools, and better sport is expected. In the Findhorn the Euccess continues small, and very few fish have been got.- Baenf_iire Journal. TnE MOORS AND FOEST&-'he reports fron the principal moors and forests in Aberdeen, Banff, Moray, Inverness, and Ross shires speak of disease having been to a slight extent prevalent among the grouse in the earlier dry months of spring. The rains of May and .June stopped the epidemic m the old birds, but proved very injurious to batching, and subsequently to the young broods, especially on the higher grounds. In the valleys pretty large broods have been seen, looking strong and well advanced. The open winter has been very propitious for the deer, and everywhere the stalker's prespects are most favourably spoken of.-Inrernens Adtiser. MLAvrAs.-" It was now summer time-a gray, bot, dusty evening. They rode to the top of Oxford-street, and, there alighting, dived an among the great streets of melancholy stateliness, and the little streets that try to be as stately and succeed in being more melancholy, of w/hich there is a labyrinth near Park-lane. Wildernesses of corner houses, with barbarous old porticees and appurtenaulces - horrors t4i&t came into existence under some wrong-headed person in smne wrong-headed time, still demanding the blind admiration of all ensuing generations and determined to do so until they tumbleddown, frowned upantho twilight. Parasitelittletenements with thecramap in their wholeframe, from the dwarf hall-door on the giant modelfd his Grace's in the square to the squeezed window of the boudeircommanding the dunghills in the mews, made the evening doleful. Rickety dwellings of undoubted fashion, but of a capacity to hold nothing comfortably except a dismal smell, looked like the last result of the great mansions breeding in and in; and, -where their little supplementary bows and balconies were supported on thin iron columns, seemed to be scrofulously resting upon crutches. Hera and there a hatcbment, with the whole science of heraldry in it, loomeddown upon the street, like an archbishop discoursing on vanity.. The shops, few in number, made no show; for popular opinion was as nothin to them. The pastrycook knew who was on his books, ana in that knowledge could be calm, with a fewv glass cylinders of dowager peppermint drops in his window, and half a dozen ancient specimens of currant jellv. A few oranges fonned the greengrocer's whole concession to the vulgar mnud. A single basket made ef mnoss, oncecon tniningplover's eggs, lhld allthatthe pouiterer had to sayto the rabble. Everybody in those streets seemed (which is always the case at that hour and season) to be gone out to dinner, and nobody seemed to be giving the dianers they b2.d gone to. On the doorsteps there were lounging footmen, with bright parti-coloured plumage and white polls, like an extinct race of montrous birds, and butlers, solitary uren of recluse demeanour, each of whom appeared distrustful of all other butlers. T} e roll of carriages in the park was done for the day, the street lamps were lighting, and wic&ed little grooms, in the tightest fittinig garments, with twisits in their legs answering to the twists in thsir minds, hugg about in rs chewing si;raw and exchanging fraudulent ectrts 1n sotted dogs wbo went out with the carriages, and who were so associated with splendid equipAges that it looked like a condescension in those ani,nals to come olt without themi accompanied helpers toand froon messages. Here and there was 8 retiring pubEc. 1ourn which did not requlire to be supported on the shoul. dlers of people. and where gentlemma out of livery were it4 mOh 'wanld',Llftile AMors-ti
PABLIAMEYNTRy INTELLIGENCE. HOUSE OF LORDS, -THumD.Y, J1OLY 10. The Lord Chincellor took i seat on the woolsackat 5 o'clock. SALE OF POISONS. Lord CAMPBELL rose to prt a question to his noble and learned friend on the woolsa6ck upon a subject of gat im- rtndaee. He would not no avert to the fact which had been disclosed during the trial of >. recentIcae which had occupled the attentioi of all Emrope, but he was shocked to say that for several years past the crime of poisoning had become remarkaby common, and in his opinion some new w was imperatively required for the regulation of the sale of poisons. Many crimes of that kind had been caused by the institution of burial societies, the members of which had, in several instances, been proved to be accessory to the death of their own offspring. Another class of those cases arose out of the present system of life insurance. Persons caused insurances to be effected on the lives of otbers in whom they had really no interest whatever with the premeditated intention of committing murder, and he knew from his own experience that murder was frequently committed in consummation of that intention. Until lately no restriction whatever had been placed upon the sale of p)oisons ;it was as possible to purchase arsenic as easily as Epsom sal'ts, and the conseo,nence was that cases of poisoning by arsenic became alarminsllcommon, especially in Essex and Norfolk, By a bill introduced by the present Lord-Lieutenant of Irelanda cheek had obeen put upon the sale of asenic; That poison wvs now, therefore, out of fashion, but another poson, nux vomica, had taken its place. Any one might go to any cbymist's in England, and buya pennyworth of nu:s: vorica by merely stating that he intended to use it'for the purpose of poisoning rats. Num -vomica, although not as powerful a poison as strychnine, produced the same fatal effects, but even strychnine might easily be procured. In some places people were not allowed to bathe except with a rope round their waists; that was carrying precaution to an extreme, but there certainlyoughtto be some restraint placed upon the sale of poison. Of course he could not expect any new measure to beintroduced during the present session, but he hoped his noble and learned friend would take into consideration the expediency of bringing in a bill on the subject as soon as poisble. Lord RIVENSWORTH suggested that it would also be desirable to make some new regulations with regard to insurance societies. Whenever any suspicion was entertained as to the cause of the death of a person insured, the company entertaining such suspicion ought to be obliged to communicate the facts of the case to the Rome-office in order that an investigation might be made by the authorities whose duty it was to protect the l:ves of Her 3Majesty's subjects. 'lhe Earl of DONOUGEHMORE complained of the course which had been taken by the noble and learned lord in putting his question, which stood at the end of the orders of the day, during the first quarter of an hour after the sitting of the House, the time devoted by their Ilodships'-regulations to the reception of petitions. (Hear, Ihear.)Hehoped the noble and learned lord on the wool. sack would not answer the question until the orders had been gone through. The IORD CHANCELLOR said, as a noble lord had made some observations on his noble and learned friend's uestion, he thonght he should be justified in answering it. the result of the investigation entered into by the Government five years ago was, that the measure then introduced was confined to arsenic. He understood that difficulties of a serious nature presented themselves in defining the different aorta of poisons but he could not but think that a number of other poisonous mngredientsmightbe put into the same categoryas arsenic. He knew, howvever, it was the iOn of oue of the most eminent medical mnn in London tat a great deal of mischief might be done by publishing the fact that there were 17 or 18 other articles quite as deadly aS arsenic. But recent offences had made some of these poisons so well known that he did not see why strychnine and one or two other pcoisons should not be put in the same category as arsenic. He was informed that his right hon. friend (Sir G. Grey) had promised to give the subject his best consideration during the recess. The Earl of VICKLOW presented a petition from the landowners of the West of England and South Wales Land Drainage and Enclosure Company against the Drainage Private Advances Act AmendmentBill. The Crystal Palace Company Bill (Amendments), the Grand Junction Water Company Bill (Amendments), the Leeds Improvement Acts Amendment Bill (Amendments), and the London and South-Western Railway (Yeovil to Exeter) Bill (Amendments) were read a third time and pased. The Labourers' Dwellings Act (1855) Amendment Bill was read a second time. MUTINY OF AN IRISH MILITIA REGIMENT. Lord DONOUGHMORE said, he had seen an account in the newspapers of the mutinous rising of a militia regiment in Ireland against its officers, and that some of the regular troops had beensenttoqiet them. He should be glad to knovr whether the Minister for War had received any information on the subject ? LordPANMURE said, he had receivedno information on the subject, except that contained in a private letter from the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, stating that the occurrence to which the noble lord had alluded had unfortunately taken place. The Lord-Lieutenant did not give any particulars, but he believed there was no doubt the event had taken place, and that it had occuarred in consequence of some misunderstanding on the part of the men as to giving up their clothing. The Aldershott Camp Bill went through committee. The St. Sepulchre's Manor (Dablin) Bill was read a second time. The Commons' amendments to the Procedure before Justices (Scotland) Bill were considered and agreed to. REGISTRATIOlN OF VOTERS (SCOTLAND) BII7Y The report of amendments upon this bill was brought up and agreed to. The Tunpike Acts Continuance Bill, the AdvowsonsBill, and the Intestates' Personal Estates Bill severally passed through committee. DRAINAGE (IRELANTD) BILL. The amendments to this bill were brought up and agreed to. DISTILLATION FROM RICE; BILL. This bill was read a third time and passed. DWELLINGS FOR LABOURING CLASSES (IRE. LAND) BILL This bill was read a third time. Upon the question that the bill do pass, The Marquis of WESTMEATHI objected to the seventh clause, which prohibited landlords who were magistrates from acting in matters in which they were personally interested. He had had the honour of holding Her Majesty's commission for half a century, and during that time be had never known an instance in which a magistrate had interfered with the decision of a matter which concerned himself. He regarded the clause itself as a libel upon the Irish magistracy, and therefore should move its omission. The Marquis of CLANRICARDE entertained as high a respect for the Irish magistracy as anyone, but he could not conceive how the clause could be construed into an insult upon thabt body. The noble marquis had stated that he never heard of a case in which a magistrate had assisted in deciding a matter which personally concerned himself, but he (the Marquis of Clanricarde) had been compelled to take steps to procure the removal of a magistrate who had so acted from the bench. (Hear, hear.) Whenever such a case was brought to the knowledge of the Government the offender would asnuredly be removed from the conisnission. He believed, also, that common law provided a penalty for magistrates who thus offended against the first principles of justice. Lord CAMPBELL wished to preserve their lordships from the discredit of passing such a clause as the 7th olwaise of this bill in its present form. It was absurd to prohibit that which was actually illegal, and nothing was more certain than that it was unlawful for a iudge of any degree to be a judge in his own cause. Any justice of the peace so* offending could not only be removed from the commission, butwould be liable to a prosecution at common law for a misdemeanour. He therefore considered the clause, so far as it related to landlords who were magistrates, was quite unnecessary. If, however, its operation was restricted to agents of landlords, who might also be magistrates, he should feel inclined to sapport the clause. Their lordships knew very well what an Irish agent was (a laugh)-one who oftenshad a very strong personalinterestin his principals property, and who therefore could not be an impartial judge in any dispute affecting that property.. Viscount DUNGANNON regarded the clause as an uncalled-for reflection on the magistracy of Ireland. The Earl of DONOUGHUOPX considered the bill so valuable a one that he hoped no amendmnent would be persisted in which would be likely to endanger the passing of the measure. The Earl of WICKLOW trusted the noble marquis (of Westmeath) would persist in his amendment. The Marouis of CLANRICAIIDE would adopt the suggestion of thie noble and learned lord (Cam pbell), and proposed to amend the clause by confinaing its operation to the agents of landlords, instead of referring to landlords and agents indiscriminately. He would move that the clause so amended stand part of the bill.- After some further discussion, their lordships divided on the question that the clause, as amended, stand part of the bill, when the nurnbers were- Content ... ... ... ... .. 25 Not-content ... .... ... 13 Majority ... . ... -12 Certain amendmentswere introduced and the bill passed. The Court of Exchequer (Scotland) Bill was read a second time. The Militia Ballot Suspe nion Bill, the Grand Juries (Ireland) Bill, and the Charities Bill passed through committee. CURCHE BUILDING COMMISSION BILL. The Earl of HARlROWBY9smoved the Eecond reading of this bill. Lord PORTMAN.ex4iressed his satisfaction that one of the commissions for 4&e -administration of eclesiastical affairs was about toeone to an end, and trusted that early next session the Governm=eat would introduce a measure for consolidating the laws relating to this subject. The exist- ing acts were so numerous sod omplieA c that many of te most eminent lawyers said it was imsjseible to know what the law was. lTe LORD CEANCELLORsated tht tbe'ur=ch Build3ng Acts were now munder the,considerath n d1 M xe Statute laIwCommissioners, with the view of bei cuswlidated. The bl1 was then read a second time. DULWICH COLLEGE BILL. This bill passed through committee. BISHOPRICS OF LO7DON AND D]URIAXL The LIOR?D CiANCELLOR said, g&,u we l knwn Jo their lordships that tw very distinguisbed members of the right rev,bench were unfortunately in a state of health which, they felt, disquullhSedthem for the futuro adequklte discharge of their duties. They had, therefore, signified.4 their intention. with coinsent, to cease to hold their bishoprncs, on the unesas n-hc he thougwht a reasonable one-'that provision thtiuld be imade for them on their-retirement. Ho referred to the Bishops of London and Durbam. Under these tdrcumstances, he begged te ask their lordships to give a first reading to a hill enabling the righb rev. prelates to retire and making provisionforthemifter the resignation of their Mees. Lord REDESDALE thouglt this vw a bill which dceserved the moet maturet consideration. No one could deny that a general measure was extremely desirable, but the policy of bringing in abill to meet the cases of twoperticular Eees was mere than questionable. It was setting a bad pre. cedent, which would certainly be folowed whenever a bishop wished to surrender his see, and a preferable mode of proceeding would be to introduce a general measure, enabling members of the right reov. bench, under certain restrictions, to retirewhen they felt ihemwelves disqualiied fromperformisg their episco functions efficiently. He trusted their lordships would not allow a bill relating to particOar sees to be brought hurriedly forward at a late period of the session, and psed without that consideration w,hichthe magnitude ethe subjectjqreuired. If he were met by the argument that inconvemnence wvould result from postponement, alil he could ray in reply wfas that the cour-se which,he recommended was open to less objection than, within a fewv weeks of t he end of the session, to pass a measurewhEich ought to he maturely considered in aal its parts;and, fo. his owunpart, before being called upon to agree to the second reading, he should like to have a;n opportunity of communicating with others on a subject of so much izmportaunce. The Earl of HARRlOWBY, who spoike in a low tone with his back to the gallery, was understood to say that a general measure to meet all caues would, no doubt, be evenutally adopted; hut meanwhile it was of the highest importance thatno timbesho lost in making provision forthe bishoprics of London and Durham. Lord CAMPBELL twuetedthat, before long, the right rev preltes would he put en the eame footing woith the Fudges, holding their offices while able to discharge their duties, a libnera provision beplae mafde for them when forced by old age or other cause to retire. It would he no easy matter to laycdon general rulees upon this subject, and meantimep | there was vhat all must feel to boa most urgent necessity for dealing with the oal es of London and Durham. a The manner in which the two right rev, prelactes bad voluntarily offered to resigne thoir sees must, he thought, enhence the estaiation in mwhichlhe were aiready held by theswho icomnmunity. It wa a most laudable, most disinte sted, aid most praiseworthy proceeding on their part; and to defeat their object on account of thwie not being time to introduce and pass a general measie would be to make a very imfdroner return for their generous proposal, and would eo a great disappointment to the public generally. (bear, hear.) Lhord RED?SDALE was still of opinion that a general measure should be passed, or noneda adl. Bishops had heen unable to discharge their duties before, and no great harm could arise from a delay of- si months. The result of passingtherpdresentgbill would be to place thenomination tothetwo niehoprics in the hands of the Minister who introduced it. The LORD CHANCELLOR hoped their lerdships would read thebhill a first tim.e now, deferring the discussion of the principle, should they deem such a discussion necessary, till aother stage. There were fac(lities in the cases oi the two right rev. prelates to whoich this bill referred which did not exist ir, the case of other prelates. The revenues of the diocess of London had not heen dealt with inathe samdeiayras tho revenues oEf other dioceses, and, therefrou, a handsome retiring pensixn might be granted to the bishop giheout ane new fund being provided for the purpose. The Bishop of Durham was, to a certain estent, in the ame position. CHE should ask their lordshipsto read the bill a second time to.morrow. Viscount DUeGs NNON said,tthedbill s uhht netcto be agreed to without due eliberation, as it estalnished a very important precedent. Earl POWIS recommended the postponement of the second reading until Monday. (Hear, hear.) Lord BEDESDALE said, it was a monstrous proceeding to bring in a bill of this sort without notice, and if the noble and learned lord persisted in moving the second reading tomorrow he should cer:inly divide against it. The Duke of RICHMOND and other noble lords alsa urged that the second reading should not be moved until Monday, and the Lord Chancellor ultimately agrwed to the postponement. The biU was then read a first time. CRIMIAL LAW REFORM. In reply to the Earl cf DoxouGHmaonr, The LORD CHANCELLOR said, he intended, before the end of the session, to lay on their lordships' table nine bills for the classification of the statutes relating to crimes and punishments, in which the recommendations of Lord Wensleydale, Lord Chief Justice Jervis, and other eminent authorities had been adopted. Their lordships then adjourned at 7 o'clock-.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, tThcesday, Juiy 10. The Speaker took ihe chair at 12 o'clock. VACCINATION BILL. Upon iha order of the day for the House going into committee on this bill being read, Mr. COWPER said, tho whole snbject was one of great difficulty; three acts of Parliament had been passed in reference to it, and it wasi generally admitted that, hitherto, lgis_ttion had boen cnsatisfactoiy. Tho present__?was such as could not possibly continue. The defects w_e obvious. Public vaccinators were established, but there was no security that they should be skilful and competent to dischaige their duties. The whole country was divided into districts, but some districts were too small to allow of the lymph being constantly provided and circulated from children vaccinatedto children not vaccinated, andotherswere so Iarge that parents were subjected to great inconvenience in bringing their children to be vaccinated. There was an elaborate system of registration for the purpose of detecting those who did not comply with the law, but private medical practitioners neglected to return tho cases of vaccination successfully performed by them. Those gentlemen were very ready to undertake labours for the benefit of their patients, but they weie unwilling to occupy their time for the benefit of the pubLic without remuneration. Thelaw imposed a penalty for non-vaccination, but there were no means of inflicting it. No one was called on to prosecute, and there was no fund out of which the expenses of prosecution could be defrayed. It was uiged upon the Government that such a state of things ought to be remedied, and last year a bill was introduced by the hon. member for Lei-im (Mr. Brady) which proposed to transfer the administration of the law of vaccination fiom the boards of guardians to the General Boardof Health. He was strongly opposed to that proposition, because, although the Board of Health was supposed-) be associated with an ardent and enthusiastic love of centralization, before he succeeded to the Sost he now occupied he did not share that feeling, and he . ad not since been either inoculated or vaccinated with it. (" Hear," and a laugh.) In his opinion, such a measure as vaccination could only be carried into effect by local machinery, and therefore he declined to adopt the pill of the hon. member. But, as it was evident that the law must either be altered altogether or made efficient, he turned his attentionto the latter alternative and introduced the presentbill. He thonght to secure more careful and skilful vaccinators, by placing them under the superintendence of abody of medical men of eminence, and requiring a certificate of attendance at a smallpox hospital and of skilful performance of the operation. He thought to effect an improvement in the districts by making them co-extensive with the present registration districts. With regard to registration, he proposed to establish underthe bill a system which should be complete and satisfactory, and he ako introduced a provision enabling ihe board of guardians to charge on tho poor-rate the expense of prosecutions in those cases of obstinate non-compliance with the law in which they thought it necessary to proceed. Objections were urged against the compulsory clauses. It was said that the Legislature should never compel,people to do anything which they did not like, but the force of that objection was greatly weakened by thti argument that in compelling vaccination they were not obliging people to do anything disadvantageous to themselves, but merely to take precaution against a losithsome and terrible disease, which spread with great rapidity and destroyed a greater proportion of thoso attacked than perhaps any other known disease. It appeared that the proportion of deaths from smallpox of persons attacked, without the protection of vaccination, ivas 1 in 3 or 1 in 4. When such was the virulence of this disease and the extent of mortality resulting from it, there was no constitutional reason why parents should not be obliged to do what was necessary for the preservation of their own and their neighbours' children. A man was not allowed to burn down his own house because it would endanger his neighbour's property; and if the only objection to the bill had been to its compulsory character he snould not have hesitated to press it upon the attention of the House. But there was another objection far more weighty. Itwas asserted that a great number of persons did not admit that vaccination was a proper safe, or efficient measure of precaution against the smallpox, and that certain disorders not merely followed, but were caused J?", VKC1Di.tl0?--_(??ar' hear>) -"thane"-, t was stated, on the other hand, that in :no case out of 40,0.0 had any evil consequences resulted, snd although medical science repudiated the notion that any other disease could be give, by yaccmation, yet they knew tbat medical opinions were not infallible, andhe should be very sorry to be the means ot pntting on the statute book a compulsory enactment against the delibeiate convictions of any large class of the community. He believed tha f/rc-it nnr_CTt,v" Zi.:-u i..n ie community. beheved the great opposition which had arisen to that bill was directed more against vaccination than against the bill itself. It niight bo that there was something in the manner in whioh vaccination was performed among the poorer classes which proven ted its being as safe and efficient a precaution as it w_3 for tho richer portion of the community. They were not, however, legislating for the higher, but for the lower classes. Unaer these circumstances, he had thought right to adopt a suggestion of the hon. member for Finsbury to move for a select committee next session to inauire into the manner in which -jf??* on, ^ Practi'ally performed, and to move now tnat the order for going into committee on this bill be discharged. (Hear, hear.) Tho hon. member moved that tbe order be discharged. cutS^ 01?i_C^?-.iai?'thiswas a difficB" ""I ficate ?n^n,W1r,Iiwhlc.h,th"Hou8ews Tejry Uttle acquainted, aid inmgarel to. whici1 investigation should preceefe legislation. In 1840 Sir Robert Pee!, being urged to make faccination compmsory, expressed his opimon that such a course i-onld be repugnant to tlie habits and feelings of the British people nnd to that freedom of opinion and action to wfeiph tOy were well accustomed. In 1843, at a later period o tm session than that which had now been arrived at, a. ss_P- .pulwiy Vaceination Bill w__ smuggled through' tbe House. Fortunately, it became inopeiiative by ita owe defeats, and remained a dead letter. It was proposed to nmove-i-orre defects and make the law moire rtriagent, but,.while"--* btlieved great good had resulted from -rccinatioc, he did not think it would be encouraged by penal enactment. (Hear.) Tho course adopted by the hon. member for .Hertfordshire was most judicious/ and herejoioedattho quesHon being ended for the present session. He hoped Uto to hear that thei right hon. baronet the Home Secretary would follow this example with respect to the Burials Act J-ncndinent Bill. (Hear.) ; Mr. HENLEY was very glad this bill was about to he withdrawn. He believed'that the endeavour to make, vaccination compulsoiy had been moet mischievous in its effectVaccination was quietly milking its way; people were adopting it, more and more, but from the moment it wag made compulsory they began to think that every evil which happened to their children afterwards necessarily ensued from it. He had no objection tb the subject being referred to a select committee another year, but no report would satisfy liim that it was desirable to make vaccination compulsory. (Hear.) Dr. MICHELL said that smallpox, treated upon the hydropathic principle, would not, under any circu__tanca% be fatal to the extent of 3 per cent., and, since the authori.ties of fee Smallpox Hospital returned the mortality as high as 35 nd_0 per cent, upon the number of cases, they_hoi3d at least keep ambulances, and not encourage the practice of bringing patients to the hospital in public cabs. He had no objection to vaccination being tried as much as they pleased, but he believed it wsis one of the greatest humbugs the world ever produced. Mr. TOLLEMACHE said, if the bill had not been withdrawn he shonld have objec;ied to any charge for prosecutions being thrown on the union fund, unless some more tquitable mode of raising that fund than ihe present was vdopted, The motion was then agreed to. BURIAL ACTS AMENDMENT BILL. Sir G. GREY said, in reply to tho observation of the hon. member for Finsbury, that there seemed to be objection to the powers nowin the hands ofthe Home Secretary being transferred to the Board of Health, and therefore "he did not propose to proceed any ^f urther with the Burial Acts Amendment Bill. The order was subsequently discharged. The Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Bill (No. 2), the Unlawful Oaths (Ireland) Bill, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, Continuance Bill, and the Turnpike Acts Continuance (Ireland) Bill passed through committee. The report of a resolution on tbe Assessed Taxes Acts was received. APPELLATE JUEISDICTION (HOUSE OF LORDS) BILL. . ' ? Upon the report of the resolution in committee authorizing the payment out of the consolidated fund of the salaries and retiring pensions contemplated by this bill being brought up, Mr. HADFIEI-) rose to object to the report being received. Sir G. GREY appealed to the hon. member not to raise any discussion upon a formal resolution, necessary for ihe introduction of a clause. It did not bind the House, and the question must be raised again-in committee on the bill. ^ Mr. HADFIELD felt thai the prerogative of the Crown to create life peerages ought not to be surrendered or impeached in any way whatever, and that the rights of Lord Wensleydale ought not to be prejudiced. The object of this bill was to limit and restrict the prerogative, and he had intended to divide the House upon the question that the report be received ; but, as a discussion would take place at the evening sitting, he would yield to the appeal of the right hon. baronet. The report was then received. FORMATION, &a, OF PARISHES BILL. The House then went into committee on this bill. Upon the motion of Sir G. Pechell, The following proviso was added to clause 25:-"Provided, also, that when the patronage of any church or chapel to which a district shall have been assigned is vested in the incumbent of the original parish, district, or place out of which such district has been taken, the person holding the incumbency of such original parish, district, or place at the time of the passing this act "shall not be deprived of the J atronage of such church or chapel by any assignment of the same during his incumbency without his consent." Upon an additional clause, proposed by. the Marquis of B_a__for_, enabling grants to be made of lands for the tite of a house or garden for the spirit-- person serving any church or chapel, the Statute of Mortmain to the contrary notwithstanding, Mr. HADFIELD objected to the exception from the Statute of Mortmain, unless it were extended to every sect, school, and charity to which it now applied. Mr. GLADSTONE pointed out the inconsistency eif opposing relaxation in one case until it could be made in all cases. The clause was agreed to, but, on the motion of Mr. DOULOP, the quantity of land was limited to one acre, asin the School Sites Act. ' . Other amendments were made, and, the bill having been gone through, the House resumed. The Lords' amendments to the Grand Juries Bill were considered and agreed to. The sitting was suspended at half-past 3 o'clock. ?> The House resumed at 6 o'clock. Petitions wera presented by Mr. Cayley, from the medical officers of the unions of Weru and Wellington, in Shropshire, for redress of grievances; byMr. Oliveiea, from inhabitants of the metropolis, stating that tho present excessive duties upon wine impede the freo interchange of our industrial productions with foreign countries, and promote fraud and adulteration to the revenue and the consumer; by Mr. Addekley, from Stafford, for revision of the maritime laws; by Mr. W. Bkowj,-, from the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce, praying for the early adoption of a decimal system of coinage and accounts: by Mr. Cairns, from the Poor Law guardians of Belfast Union, against the Queen's Colleges (Ireland) Bill; by Colonel Greville, from the board of guardians of the Granard Union, praying for an alteration in the grand jury laws of Irelaad; by Mr. Bramsto-T, from merchants, traders, and other inhabitants of the district of Chelmsford, praying for the still further development of the usefulness of County Courts; by Mr. Gibson, from Oldham, praying for an open committee of inquiry into the abuses and working of the Anatomy Act; also, three petitions from Manchester and Salforei, against the recent article in the Treaty of Paris relating to maritime law; and by ilr. Sl-_-OP_, from the medical officers of the Gainsborough Union, for a redress of grievances. NAWAB OF SURAT. SirF. KELLY gave notice that, on themotion for tbe adjournment of the Honse to-morrow, he should ask the First Lord of the Treasury whether it was the intention of the Government totake tha opinion of the law officers of the Crown, including the Queen's Advocate, whose especial duty it was to advise respecting the construction of treaties, on the treaty between the East India Company and the Nawab of Surat; and whether, in the event of the law officers of the Crown declaring that under that treaty the East India Company were bound to pay the heirs of the Nawab the sum agreed on, it was the intention of the Government or of the Board of Control to direct such payment to be mado by the East India Company accordingly V APPELLATE JURISDICTION BILL. Mr. EWART gave notice that, in ihe event of the Appellate Jurisdiction Bill going into committee, he should move the omission of all such parts of it as restricted the Royal prerogative in respect to the creation of peerages for life. INDIAN APPEALS. Sir E. PERRY asked the President of the Board of Control whether he contemplated bringing in a bill to provide a judicial tribunal in India, with appeal to the Privy Council in England, for the investigation and decision of such claims on the private righte of the native princes and grantees of Government as were now decided by the executive Government- without hearing and in the absence of the parties? Mr. V. SMITH replied ihai hehad no intention to bring in such a bill, as he did not see his way to any satisfactory result. .A measure of the kind, would effect a complete change in the constitution of the government of India, and would require great consideration. THE DANUBE. Colonel DUNNE asked the First Lord ofthe Treasury whether by the treaty of Paris, which provided for the opening of the navigation of the Danube, any peisons other than Austrian subjects would be allowed to possess steamers and navigate that river above tho frontiers of Austria on ihe same terms as subjects of that empire ? Lord PALMERSTON said that by the treaty of Paris the navigation of the Danube was to be rendered liable to the stipulations of the treaty of 1815. By the provisions of that treaty such rivers as divided or traversed different States were to be free to the navigation by vessels of all nations, subject only to such regulations of police andother matters as the commission composed of members from the riverain or border States shonld establish. He should apprehend, therefore, that under the provisions of the two treaties it would be competent for the vessels of any country to enter the Danube from the Black Sea,. and to ascend that river as far as it was navigable in its course, subject always to suoh regulations as wero contemplated by tho treaty of 1S15 to be established with regard io such vessels. He beUeved that the question if the hon. and gallant member applied to a certain monopoly given to an Austrian company by former arrangements with Austria. He apprehended the opinion of the congress to be, that that arrangement could not stand against the stipulations of the treaty. Tho Austrian Government inight fivo any immunities they pleased as affecting their own ships only, but they could not,, by virtue of an order issned by their own authority, supersede the engagements of the treaty. INDIAN CURRENCY. Mr. CHEETHAM asked the President of the Board of Control if his attention had been called to the great inconvenience at present sustained by the commercial classes in India from the scarcity of a metallic specie in that comitry, s nd whether it was the intention of the Indian Government i o take any measures to remedy the same, by the creation of a (-old coinage as a legal tender in addition to the silver coinage now current there; and if he was able to lay on the table of the house a report of the extent of railway communication now in operation and in course of construction in India? Mr. V. SMITH said that since he had. been at the Board of Control Im had heard no complaint of inconvenience fb-rt ihe scarcity of metallic currency. With srespect to the second question, he stated that there was no,raiK8-fconthe whale .state of railways in India. He __ml_ jjft-eadj to aimrariiypBU_equeitie-ioiitIieiubJ9et. or, if deared, io lay ttw tor_mpo-d_t_x retpecting it on thetabl*. '. - NATIONALrGALLERY. Jfr. H. VERNON' -._ whether the commistiem which wa- tote;"j-uedoniltuV3ct_f th._U_-f the new N tional; Gallery would ba ft__- ;_mpower*d to propo*) anr Mt* whichmight stem beet, .withcMU having ib hands ftUttd in anyway. The oommittM of 1855 bad felt.ptecludfrd from suggesting seT-nd rit* which seemed de-arable by a delicacy asto the tenure of those sites. Lord SALHERSTQN wud he txrnld not.ot course stitj txactlr what would be the instruction, to Ixs -riven to tha od&)mission, as it was not yet issued. No donbt, it woul 1 be open tothe commissioners to make wiu* reooi-rmendations icught seem to them advisble, but still there war^ He-.nch as Kenangton. Palace, St. James's Palace, snd Msrlborough-houtc, which no Government, ha ooni-ivad wonld agree to have, converted into a National Gallery, even though the commission should -recommend it, inasmuch as they were Royal property. ? THE JIUTINY OF THE NORTH TIPPEEARY -HILITIA. "Colonel FRENCH lake-d the Under-Secretary for War whether any intelligence had been received at the W*roffioe in reference io the suppression of the mutiny of the North Tipperary MilitiMr. PEELaaid a despatch had just been received from M^jor-Gfeneral Chatterton, statingthat everjthing was quiet at Nenagh, and that one man of the -1st Regiment had been killed, and 10 or 12 of the men of the other regiments of ihe line engaged in putting down the mutiny wounded" No mention wasmade ofthe losses which ihe iClitiahad ."offered. CONSOLIDATION OF THE STATUTES. Mr. L. EING asked the hon. and learned member for Suffolk when he intended to bring in the two Consolidation Bills which he had obtained leave to bring in on the 14th of Februaiy last. - SirF. KELLY said that, after what had passed in fust house, the hon. member would have put his question more appropriately to Eome member of the. Government. The Statute Law Commissioners had been unremittingly engaged in preparing a series of bills relating to the consolidation of the criminal law, which would beT introduced on Monday night, in the other house, by the LordChaneellor. COUNTY COURTS BILL. Mr. GLADSTONE gave notice that on going into comnuttee on this bill he should move a resolution to the effect that it was not at present expedient to impose upon the Consolidated Fund a charge of 170.000J. per annum towards the maintenance of the County Courts. *_TAI_AN AFFAIRS. Mr. DISRAELT ssid it would be greatly for ihe convenience of the House if the noble lord the member for the city of London would state whether it was bis intention to bring forward the motion of whichhe had give notice, for the production of the correspondence between Her Majesty's Government and foreign Government in referenco to the Italian States, to-morrow (this day). Lord J. RUSSELL said he was in the hands of the Government in the matter. He hsd stated the other evening that he proposed to bring on his motion to-morrow if his noble friend at the head of the Government would allow it to take precedence of the ordeis ofthe day, and if the noble lord would consent to that course ho shouldbe prepared to -ubmit his motion to-morrow. Mr. DISRAELI would address his question, ihen, to the noble lord at the head of the Government, as it was desirable that hon. members should know definitely when tie motion was to come on. (Hear, hear.) Lord PALMERSTON said hehad Understood that his noble friend intended to bring on his motion to-morrow on the motion for the adjournment until Monday. There were seversl bills which it would be desirable to forward a stage to-morrow, and it certainly would be more convenient for public business if his noble friend wonld take Monday. Lord J. RUSSELL said he was opposed to the practice of bringing forward motions on the question of the adjournment of the House (hear, hear) ; and this, besides, was a motion which could not be brought forward on that occasion. He would therefore.take Monday for his motion, onthe ?understanding that the orders of the day were to be postponed until it was disposed of. WILLS AND ADMINISTRATIONS BILL. Mr. MALINS said he understood the Government did not intend to proceed with this bill this session, but it would be more satisfactory if the Solicitor-General would give a public assurance of the fact. The SOUCITOR-GENERAL said ihat he had made up his mind to the ine-table fate of this bill (laugh), and when the order was read he should move that it should be discharged. (Hear, hear.) CONSOLIDATED FUND (APPROPRIATION) BILL. On the motion that the Speaker should leave the chair, in order that the House might go into oommittee npon this bill, Mr. W. WILLIAMS called attention to the proviso io the 30ih clause, under which ihe Government had power to apply a surplus upon one vote to meet a deficiency upon another. The result of this was that the House had no accurate knowledge of the appropriation of the money which it had voted, and he should certainly take the sense ofthe House by moving that this proviso should be struck out. SirHJWILLOUGHBYaskediheho_.gen-e-_ntheSe.reiary of the Treasury (Mr. Wilson) or the right hon. baronet the Chancellor of theExchequer to explain in what respects this Appropriation Bill differed from those which had been introduced in previous yeais. Thehon. baronet also complained that under ihe present system of audit the House was not, until after an interval of two years, informed of the exactappropriation of the sums which it had voted, and thus ite control over ihe publio expenditure was practically destroyed. For instance, last year the House voted a sum of 3,800,000". for the Militia. Of this, a sum of l,000,000f. was not expended upon that force, and of its appropriation the House was yet entirely nninformed. It was most important that something should be done to improve our system of audit. Sir F. BARING said thai it was quite true that not near 3.SOO,000". was expended upon the Militia lastyear. Under the Appropriation Act the Government, no doubt, had power to apply a. surplus under one vote to meet a defioiency under another; but he apprehended that this was intended to meet the case of small deficiencies, and that it was never contemplated that so large a sum as LOOO.OOOZ. should be transferredJfrom one vote to another. (Hear.) The militia was a service the supplies for which onghi to be voted by themselves and not mixed up with the general army supplies. Acting on old constitutional principles many hen. gentleman were favourable to a large militia force, believing that it would enable the country to reduce the standing army. He wished before concluding to _sk the Secretary for the Treasury when the promised account of the advances from the civil contingencies fund would be produced 1 Mr. WILSON replied, that the Treasury had attempted to revise the accounts of ihe civil contingencies for a long series of years past, with the viewof showing that the whole of the money voted by the House conld be duly accounted for; bnt, after proceeding with the execution of tho task for some time, they found that it was an utterly hopeless one and must be abandoned. They had, however, succeeded in accomplishingtheir object as farasconcernedthelasfclOye_rs, the whole of the accounts for that period boing bronght to a balance of Is., and he would have much pleasure in laying them on the table to-morrow. With regard to the point referred to by the hon. baronet opposite, ic was quite true that all the money voted for the army seirvices could be rendered available for ihe purposes f the army nnder the authority of ihe Treasury. The same principle applied to the navy and the otber services. The power thus intrusted to the Treasury had been exercised for years past by that department with great advantage to the public interests, especially in time of war. Thearmy and tne ordnance had this year, for the first jime, been treated as one service; yet all the analogous items for ordnance purposes, such as artificers' wages,, orage^ fuel, stores, _x., were classified under their respective heads. The power vested ih the Treasury was strictly hmited, and aid not admit of the diversion of the money voted to defray a specific charge to the general purposes of the army, it had been said that a distinction ought to be made between the militia and the regular army; but, however just tbis observation might have -eeni_formerti_.es, it certainly did not apply to the last two years, during which ths House had voted laige sums mainly in order that the militia inight be rendered an effective army service. The allegation that more than a million had been taken from the militia votes and used for army purposes had been made without any show of authority. At the close of last year a.balance of 2,100,000-, applie-a.ble to the army service, remained unexpended. Mr. M. GIBSON wished to pnt a question to the right hon. member for Dublin University relative to a bill on the table connected with- conside-rations of finance. That measure proposed to extend the exemption from ihe paper duty, now enjoyed by Bibles, Prayer-books, &_, to _-1 educational works used in the University of Dublin; and he wished to know what was to bo done with it, and how it was regarded by ihe Chancellor of theExchequer? He (Mr. Gibson) had received several conuaunicaiions on the subject. The SPEAKER reminded ihe right hon. gentleman that he was discussing a different order of theday fromthe one before the House. (Hear, hear.) Mr. GIBSON meant to discuss it as a question of financ.. (Laughter.) One exemption from a particular tax generally gave rise to claims for further exemptions; and the systemof granting immunity, from the paper duty hud lately been enlarged by the Treasury. (Cries of " Order!") He begged pardon, but he intended to observe order. (A laugh.) Ho imagined that aay question affecting ways and means, or the income of the country, was perfectly regular.- The SPEAKER.-The House is now discussing a bill-to appropriate the votes granted in supply-a question which has nothing to do with ways and means. (Hear, hear.) Mr. M. GIBSON thought.with all respect, that they were engaged in appropriating ways and means to furnish the supplies, and that anvthing tending to diminish those ways and means was pertinent to the discussion. However, be would not press the matter further than to inquire of the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Napier) what course they meant to pursue on thii question of finance. Mr.NAPlER wished, if not irregular, to say that the bill referred to by the right hon. gentleman contemplated smong other objects, the exemption from taxation of books of the character which had- been described. (Cries of "Order!") ... " The SPEAKER.-The right honi gentleman must postpone his observations until the order of the. day comes on to which he is referring. (Hear.hear.) In answer to a question from Mr. Sesley, Mr. WILSON stated that formerly a great number of persons were engaged in the payment of tie aeccmiU, but ihere was now one eonso-idaiedpsyaaurier, whose busine-* was transacted erxcliuu-ely ai one office. It was, theref ore, a matter of no & iSeultT to ttaee all the payment, ihat had ._-*n_-dedn*-iE'{ tte list 10year* btt-ie pa-nas-ts during the antecedent period oodla nerA be tracei; He iad, however, no reasion to believe that there had boen any mi.- appropriation of the public money. :?:.'? ?- -. ;,._.- ^The House then went into <*0-__iti-j and clause. . up f e> 29 were agreed tn. . .";_ ? Onc*j-t.e-0, . ^ ' Mr. "VraJLIAl-S oompliun-I tht the ropplie. "*.ni* ' expended in strict conformity with the votes of the Home, -but that if there happened to be a surplus on any particular vote it was appli*l in aid of some other expenditure.J Ho moved the omission of the proviso in this clause which gave the Treasury the, power, of to appropriating the surphut amount of votes. * ?? The CHANCELLORS the EXC"_EQU__._opeei'iho House would not accede to ihe proposition of the hos. gentlema-. This clause-, of the Appropriation Act was drawn. up exactly in thei form in which it had pu*wd since 1832. Before that time the Gorernment had the power of appropriating the whole of the revenue as one vote, but-noe them a struiter practice had been introduoed under the anspicw of the right hon. gentleman the member for Carlisle. It was the duty_ of fie various naval and militaiy departments to keep within thB limits of the amount granted by Parliament ; but, in the event of iheir exoeoding in any Tote, it was permitted tothe Treasury to _Hov ihe excess of anyone vote to go to another. It was, however, found neces* auy to make some relaxation, and to provide for the sepa* ration of certain votes in what were called the Army Estimates. In this way a division was permitted to be made somewhat analogous to that which formerly existed betweea the Ordnanoe and Army Estimates. . " Sir J. GRAHAM observed that his right hon. friend iho Chancellor of tho Exchequer made him rerrponsible for this proviso. But it should be rememberedthat the proviso was introduoed simultaneously with the strict rule ofappropriation. The s_ict application of the rule, as first introduced, was fount! to interfere with the business of vsrions departments, and some relaxation, therefore, became necessary. Having fiist recommended to Parliament the more stringent rule, he afterwards proposed the relaxation in question. Subsequently to this relaxation another recommendation was adopted, by which a, concurrent audit w_ provided for, and! the effect of this was that annually, witli regard to the army, navy, and ordnsnee, an aocount, vonched by the Board ofJAudit, was laid on thei table of the house, setting forth any excess beyond the vote of Parliament permitted by the Treasury to be applied in aid of anr other vote. (Heiir, hear.) The objection' to tims account vras, ihat it came too late to be of servioe. v'Hear.) He would therefore ask his right hon. friend whether he had _nyobjectionto communicate to the House at the beginning of each session, before ihe votes of ihe year were brought in, a statement of every case in which the relaxation was asked and allowed by the Treasmy, and also a similar return at theclo* of the financial year. If his right hon. friend would give that assurance he thought the arrangement would be satisfactory to the Honse. (Hear.) The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, it was no doubt desirable that information on this subject should be furnished to1 Parliament atthe earliest possible period. That information, however, could not be given in a complete form till the annual audit had taken place and all tho transfers had been adjusted. He did not believe, therefore, it would be possible to furnish the accounts in the manner desired by ihe right hen. gentleman; but he had no difficulty in saying that, bo far as it was possible, he would laybefore Parliament from time to time the assents given bythe Treasury to applications for relaxation. (Hear, hear.) He hoped thst as-orance would be satisf actory to his right hon. friend. SirF. BARING considered that, notwithstanding whathad fallen from the Secretary tothe Treasury, he was justified in coming to the conclusion that a large pturt of the sum voted for, ttie militia hadbeen appropriated to other purposes. Sir H. WILLOUGHBY should like to know what were the actual powers givento the Treasury by the bill? Did theclause they were now considering give them power to take the money voted, say, for clothing, and appropriate it to works ? He doubted whether the power which the Government possessed under this clause was not enormous, and he thought there ought to be some check upon its exercise. He should be glad to know what power the Treasury really possessed underthis clause. _ Sir J.jGRAHAM said, he would answer this qnestion byillustrations drawn from two votes, oneof which the House, always granted with ihe greatest alacrity-namely, thewages for seamen; and the other one, which they voted with the utmost jealousy-the vote for the works of the department. Suppose the vote for wages amounted io 2,000,000- and that for works io 50..000Z., and suppose that outof the vote for wages there was a surplus of 100,000., while on the vote for works a deficiency of 100.000Z. was proved to exist, the Adiniralty could not apply that surplus of wages to the! deficiency for works without the ceinsmt of the Treasury. The Admiralty made a written application to iiie Treasury, and asked for powerto apply that snr_ lus. It was true that this adjustment of ?the vote was of rare occurrence, but it was also occasionallyof neceseaiy occurrence. The -reasniy, however, hid tha supreme control and authority, and _E it were satisfied it granted ite pennisrion. This usually took place at the end of the year, and although the transaction was brought under-ie notice of P.-liament, yet it was not until a year af ter.wards, and that he thonght was too long for ParUament toremain unacquainted with this appropriation. He had iherefore suggested that, at the close of the financial year, the Chancellor ofthe Exchequer should lay upon the table all applications of this land made from the departments, sothatthe correspondence, ihe applications, and the provision should be known to the House, which might call for f urtherexplanation if necessaiy. He thought that if this ar_ingement were carried out the responsibiUty of a Minister i__i& place in Parliament, when the transaction was recent and information wasfresh, would be as good a check as could. be devised. If this was done the present discussion. would not be thrown away, and an important and satisfactory check would be established upon the public expenditure. Mr. HENLEY said that no one was better, or, indeed, so well acquainted with this subject as the right hon. baronet (Sir J. Graham), but if Ms suggestion were carried out these applications and provisions would not come before Parliament until the principal estimates of the year had been voted, because the estimates of tho great services wereslmost invariably voted before the close of the financial year. If, for example, 500,00QJ. were voted for buildings. and works, andthat vote was exceeded by 100,0001. in ihe following year, another 500,OOW. would bo asked for without the House knowing anything of the previous excess. This was no question of crippling a department, because it was a case of work done and money spent, and the only question was how tho money wasto be raised. He doubted whether the excess ought not to oome before Parharnent and be voted as a supplementary estimate, when. the sum exceeded a ceirtain amount. Pariiament would then bave the opportuinitry of considering witb the estimates: of the year, how far it chose to give a further sum for the-- object for which the excess bad been incurred. Mr. DISRAELI said, ihe question was what degree o confidence was to be placed in tbe Administration. A certain degree of confidence must be placed in the Administration, whatever rules the House might adopt, and what they had to consider was ihe degree. The suggestion of hisright hon. friend (Mr. Henley) certainly went to the root of the complaint, but its adoption would be attended with thisgreat disadvantage, that the great'body of the estimates. would then be framed npon an excess model. The fear of coming to Parliament with a supplementary estimate would lead the Admiralty arnd other departments to form theirestimates upon a scale greater than they believed to be. necessary for the public service, and it would not be easy for the House of Commons to contend -gainst a system of that kind. He thought that tue principle: of confidence was a just one, and between the two suggestions of the right hon. gentleman the member for Carils!e and the Chancellor of the Exchequer he preferred ihe offer which the Government had made; It appeared to him that if the plan of the right hon. gentleman (Sir J. Graham) were, adopted the House might find itself voting away the chief estimates without knowing the exoess which might have. taken place ; butif, whenthe Treasury allowedihe appropriation of the surplus of one department, a document werer. placed upon the table explaining tho circumstances such a check might not be complete, but would be, to some extent, satisfactory, and would be likely to nrevent_ny improper conduct on the part of the Admiiustration. Under all tne circumstances he was inclined to accept the. offer ofthe Chancellor of the Exchequer,-namely, that in. eveiy instance when the Government thus availed themselves of the confidence reposed in them by the Legislature. Parliament should be informed of it by the necessary record being placed on the table of the house. He shonld prefer this-. to the scheme ofthe right hon. baronet, and he hoped therefore that, subject to this understanding, no alteration would be made ih the language of the proviso. ? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER hoped theCommittee would not be under the impression that there was any doubt as to the general enforcement of the rule that each department iept within the distinct vote taken on account of it. That was ihe rule imposed on the naval and. military departments, and thev were not able to depart from. it without expiess pennission "from the Treasury. Whenever they were desirous of obtaining permission to apply forthe purposes of one department the excess -upon the"votetaken for another, they had to make oata special case. A letter must be written showing the gronnds of the applicaiion, and the general rule laid down by the Treasury wasthat ihe case must be shown to bo unexpected and urgent Of course, tho Treasury did not share the particular feeiing which might animate the department at the. moment; they wouldconsider the matter impartially and would not give tbeir consent nnless a fair and reasonableJ case was made out. These' applications were made' from time to time Hurting the session and during the recess. With reference to the remarks of his right hon. friend (Sir Ji Graham), there wouia be no objection to lay before the: House, as soon as Parliament met, a return of the appUcations made to the TVeasury" sinee the beginning ofthe financi-l year by the War Department and the Admiralty, and the cases in which those appUcations had been: grant*., together with the whole correspondence, cr an al-.t_T_o-,-i_f necessaiy. That might be laid before ParUament atTth. thinning of the ssssion, and a similsr return might bsifron. tame to time prKented, but he thought it would not be desirable to lay before the' House each appUcation aV'ii .occun-ed, unless there wis some Bpecial ground for it. He hoped his hon. friend would not divide the committee'tul thesubject., .,. Mr. W. WILLIAMS ssia, if the right hon." gen_em_i " would accede to tlie terms of the right hoi baronet's sugpstnm he wouid withdraw his proposition.. In point of fact, however, if the present system were allowed to" continue it was a perfect .farce for the House of Commons tif voto oertain autonnts under eiertain heads. They might._ weli vote the who!, estimate for the army in one round ___ r and adopt a similiir course as tothe navy (hear, - hear) * or they might jo lali-la further, for if the argi-rheht.".? of tho right hon; gentleman opposite (Mr. Disrueli) weft carriedoutj.thei. would be no neoessity for any \-ejr_."a_
SIGNOR PIsA's MvM-sg Mussca- seletion of vocal and instrumental music was given yesterday at the Dadley Gallery (by permission of Lord Ward), under the name of Signor Pisam, a singer and composer of ability, and, we believe, a son of the chief drgoraaa of the British Embassy at the Court of the Sultan. Signor PisanSs voice is a besso barptono. He displayed his qualimications as a vocsast in the ouffo duet between Don Pasquale and Dr. 2ate, from Donizetti's wrell-l;mown opera, assisted by Signor Monari, and incipreghie?a for three voices of his own compo3ition, with M adme Rudersdorff and the sene gen tleman. Both were received with applause. The concert, although composed almogt entirely of well.known morscaux. vas otherwisa attractive. Mladamne Viardot Garcia echbited her talent and versatility in the Italian duet, "Dunqae io son,' with Sigaor Monari, in a Irzench romance by Dess&uer, a Spanish song by Iradyer, and a barcarole composed by Signor Pisani. Madame Rudersdorff sang both Italian and Gcerman songs (the first from the T'ratiato) ; Signor Marras a " mdodie of his own entitled "Le prime rose," and tbe ?indisi from L. TrTriata; and Siguor Monari an air from La Favorita. Theprogranme was varied by a -violinfantasia performed by Signor Sigbicbelli,i and a pianoforte solo "for the left band alone," so well played by S:gnor Andreoli that we wvere su2 nrsed he did not add his right (he hass twro hands) to make it still better. l*o accompanists were Mfr. Benedict, Signor Mariani, and the concert giver. The entertainment appeared to give general satisfaction.
LONDOW, FBIDAY, .TVY -l, 185. In the House of Lords lact night, Lord CANPBrn called the attention of the Housw to the facilities which elisted for the sale of poisons, and hoped the Government would introduce xome measure on the subject next session. - The LoRD 1Cn&xcmzon replied thst the subject was under the consideration of the Government. Lord PANxu=, in reply to Lord DoNOUGEXOHn, xtated that he had received no official information as to the mutiny of the Tipperary 1litia. There was, however, no doubL that a mutiny had taken place in consequence of some misaerstanding on the part of the men as to giving up their cl6thiDg. - The LouD CHA2tCEU.OTa brought 'athe BishopriCSof London and Durham Bill, to enble those prelates to resign theirsees. . L.ord RFDESiA1). opposedtheb11l, on T5he ground that the meastre, which tended to remedy an a- doubted evil, ought rather to be of a general tha;u s special kind. After some discussion tho bill was read a ist time, on the understanding that a second reading should not take place till Monday next. Some other busines was then de'patched and -their Lordships adjourned. In the Hous( of Commons,st the morning sitting, on the order for going into committee upon the' Vaccination Bi.l' Mr. CowPEm., adverting to the difficulty of the whole subject, and to the defects of the existing law,, but considering at the same time the opposition raiBed against this bill, stated' that, under the circumstances, he had thought. it right to adopt the suggestion of Mr. T. DmicomE, to move next sesion - for a Select Committee to inquire into thLe manner in vhich vaccination was practically performed.- He moved to discharge the order. After a short discussion, this motion -was agreed to, and the bill was therefore withdrawn. The Burial Acts Amendment Bill was likewise withdrawn. - Several bills :passed through committee. In the evening, inreplyto a qtiestionputby Colonel DurNx, whether persons other than Austrian sub - jects might navigate the Danube above the frontiers of Austria on equal terms, Lord PA.-%s stos said he apprehended that, under the existing treaties, Austria bad no authority to grant a monopoly of the navigation of that river to its own subjects. In answer to Mr. MATNss, The So0t on-GYeuxi.. intimated that it was not his intention to proceed further with the Wills and Administrations Bill. On the order for going into committee upon the Consolidation Fund (Appropriation) Bill, Mr. Wnsos, in reply to various inquiries, gave explanations relating especially to the power given to the Treasury, under a proviso in this act, of appropriating the surplus or excess of one vote to supply the deficiency of another in the same service. IThe House then went into committee upon the bill, when the proviso before referred to underwent mnuch discussion, and the Cmiwcm-Losn of .he ExcE Qwueu promised that there shotild in future be laid before the House, at the commencement of eacih session, and from time to time, statements of the -ransfer and appropriation of these balances, and it was understood that a rule to this effect should be embodiedin the proviso. ! On the order for going into committee upon the Appellate Jurisdiction (House of Lords) Bill, Mr. R. Cusinr, in noving that the biUl be referred to a select committee, said, althbugh he agreed with Lord PArarTasToL that compromises - wvere necessary, each must be judged by its own merits and its compatibility with principle and honour. L ord PAraSrBsToN occupied his high position by a comprom,ise with the liberal party; but leadership and allegiance were correlative; and the other night he had availed himseLf of a band of mercenaries, though he would find himself umable to serve two masters. This bill M1r. CUtmEa undertook to show before a select committee contained as much mischief- and as little good as could be embodied in the same compass; it directly infringed the prerogative of the Cnowsx, and directlv took away the right of a Peer to sit in the House of Lords. He then proceeded to " throw a light on the antecedents of the bill," which he did in the form of a dramatic fiction, his object being, he said, to say, in a good-humoured manner, what nobody else would say, as to the real meaning of the bill, which was to settle the question of life peerages, to limit the Royal prerogative, and to tie it up for ever. *Whether life peerages be good or bad, he objected to the question being settled by a side-wind. He objected also to a Court of Appeal composed of Judges who would try appeals only; he objected to the scheme that it tended to corrUpt all the puisne Judges; and, lastly, he objected. that it was a monstrous sham; that this Appellate Court-would be called the House of Lords, -while it would. not be the House of Lords, sitting when that House would not sit. The amendment was seconded by MIr. BE. Dmrx-. soN, whro characterized the bill as an attempt by Parliamentary enactment to extinguish the power of the CnowT to make life peers. He hoped, ho said, that Lord PAT.a RsTo.T would not allow this miserable measure to come between the House of Commons and him, and, looking at the list of the minority of 140 whovoted against the bill, including some of his warm supporters, that ho would not force it through theHouse 'without inquiry. Mr. MALxs assumed that the appellate jurisdiction must be remodelled. He should be glad, he said, if the House of Lords would relinquish that jurisdiction, but they were determined to retain it; and, as something must be done, for the evil admitted of no delay, he had voted for the second reading of the bill, and should vote against sending it to a Select Committee, not because he was enamoured of the measure, but because after mature consideration, he could see no better expe. dient. He dented that the bill limited in the sightest degree the prerogative of the Cntowr. Should this bill pass,it would be found, he thought, Thatthe appellate jurisdiction substantially would have departed from the HIouse of Lords, and that House might then be induced to part with it really. He pointed out several parts of the bill to which he strongly obijected,. MTr. Ca4nDWxu insisted thatit was amoderate and reasonable request that, before the House was cornmitted tolegislation upon this momentous question, there should be an inquiry, since even the advocates of thebiU admitted it to be, in its present state, unsatisfactory-a bill dealing with the constitution of the House of Lords, the prerogative of the CR0 WN, and the dearest rights and most important interests of the community. Law reform, he observed, was the great demand of the day. The Court of final appeal was the arbiter of all the other Courts. We had now two Courts of final appeal, and that which gave universal satfaction was to be ignored and ultimately absorbed, and the other was by this bil to be replaced by a tribunal admitted to be imj perfect. Vuion questions were involved in this measure-Scotland, India, the colonies, and the petition of Lord Wuxsr.uvnaiu-which required careful consideration. Mfr. WImGRAx earnesty hoped that the House would go into cornaittee upon the bill, which contained one great principle-namely, that two great salaried officers should be appointed in the House of Lords. The res' of the bill consisted of details which could be dealt with in committee, life peerages being no part of the principle of the bill. Mr. GLAnSToNi, after a pleasant allusion to the unsatisfactory and conflicting azguments ured against refering this bill to a Select Committee,-a request than weich, he said, he never heard one more moderate andb reaonible,-askedwhetherthat House was fit in tle present session to open all the great questionswhich this bill involved, and whether even decency anddecorum didnot require Nome short weeks of deliberation on the part of the Houses which, if it passed the bill at this fag-end of the session, would virtualy abdicate its duties an functiona. The bill wax said to be a com - omise- iso, it was dlesirable to know the essenais oroun- i of the compromise. It must be What regarded the prerogative of the Ouowr, to save the consistenc anl reconcile, the opinions of tothose who h been placed in conflict ppon this question elsewhere. It a peBared to hM that the bill abso. lutely extinguished. anY claim on the part of The CaLow w to exercise the prerogative of creating life Peers; andhe oDer ied that the mn nner in wh hi the bill dealt with this great quedsion was a reasou for further inquiry, in ;inrr that the measure might give satisfacion to the Ipublic mind and bear markms of deliberation. H e1 idi not like, he remarked, to Wee th t House of Lords, bits great salaried officr, booome r enusoners on the public purse, in order to jiirlfl duties wlich that Housoe claimed as a"Pertaining to its Public character, and 'he objected-t exposing to hazxar the nde nde7pQ den andpurity of the bench. Lord ?sIxLrd o said he regretted thed citrcn m stance adverted toby byr. CuR.i; that there was a strong difference of opinioubetwreen the Government and some of their firiendsregarding this bill; at the same time, they hand felt it nlecessr to reoonmenn' the measure, whichl originated in a cn colition that the condition of the appellate jurisdiction of ti
It is scarcely surprsing that the Commaons should have refused to adopt the Appellate Jurisdiction Bill wvhich had been sent down to them from the Upper House. This bill-happily we can speak of it in the past tense-was open to well nigh every objection which could be brought against a Parliamentary measure. It entirely failed in providing a remedy for that which is a great and acknowledged evil-viz., the want of a suitable court of last appeal to conclude litigalion in civil matters. It defined and narrowed the prerogative of the CRowN whiere the usage of ages had left the prerogative broad and undefined. At the same time that it did this it introduced iinovations far more startling than the one against which it was mainly directed. We have far from exhausted the objections to this most unwise and unconstitutional bill, for surely nothing could be more at variance vwith the practice of Parliament than that one House of the Legislature should continne to hold an abnormal and irregular session at the same time that the other House was relieved from the duty of attendance, and the CROWN- was debanred from all interference. This provision for' the continuous session of the House of Lords in its judicial capacity at the same time that its legislative functions -were suspended was either ridiculous or open to the very gravest suspicion. If nothing more was intended than the formation of a Court of Appeal disjoined from the ordinary operations of the House of Lords, then the obvious course, to avoid confusion, was to have a House of Lords and a Court of Appeal of an entirely independent character. If, on the other hand, the new. Court was to remain clothed, in some mysterious and undefinable manner, with the privileges and majesty of a legislative Body, the very gravest evils might have resulted from a course so diametrically opposed to the principles of the constitution as that one branch of the Legislature should remain in pelmament session while the functions of the two others remained in suspense. Happily, we m .y speak of this danger as of one which has been overcome. The House of Commons decided' last might by a majority of 22,-that is to say of 155 to 133,-that the bill should be referred to a select committee,-in other words, t;hat it should be rejected. Such a measure as this could only be passed by surprise. In the recess the minds of men will be k-eenly dcirected to the contrivance of some remedy for the great evil of which this bill was a positive aggravation. This was the line of arg,ument which was broadly taken last night by various peakers, but even those who took the most moderate view of the question strongly objected to the proposition of the Government. To Mr. RBmx.s CunurE the 3new courXt appeared to be " a monstrous sham." The Appellate Court would be the House of Lords, and not the House of Lords; it would corrupt the Puisne Judges, and, in fact, make confusion thrice confounded. Mr. CARDW3n, with great reason, complained that, whereas now we have two Courts of Appeal-the one within the limits of its powers reasonably good, the other outrageously bad, the tendency of this bill was to overthrow the tribunal which actually worked wel in favour of the comut which was on all sides acknowledged to be of the most unsatisfactory character. The coalition by which it was sought; to carry the bill met with a signal defeat, and it deserved to be defeated. Throughout the discussion, certainly throughout the discussion in the House of Commons, the speakers in behalf of the bill have notoriously attached no credit to their own arguments. The AOB- y E--GmqfEnL is not a man who ever fails to make out a good case when the cause intrustej. to him is one which can be defended; but h.aow weak, how meagre, how - unike his usual atyle was Sir AIBXAXDEm Cocxstrnu's pleading on Monday night in favour of this bill He himself 'would obviously have been relieved could he have looked forward to the division of last night.' As a lawyer of great practice aand experience, no man knows better than the ATToRNNEY-GIuMuj that the want of a proper Court of Last Appeal in civil matters is one of the great opprobriums of the profession; but, after we have waited so long, is this a point which can be duly considered in a couple of stifling July evenings at the close of a session, simply because the Peers happen to be in a somewhat impetuous mood? A measure which decided in a most unfavourable sense the question of a iunal Cour of Appeal, and dealt with high differences between the CRowV and the House of Peers, was to be hustled thirough Parliament at the close of a session really 'with lews consideration than is bestowed upon many a private bill. Well might MIr. Evms-w DEunsow implore Lord PlaRuSmro "not to allovw this miserablei mwszw to come between the House of Commons "and him." It was a bill to which, in its present condition, and without further inquiry, the House dared not and could not without the grossest dereliction of drnl7 give the force of law. Either one of the two great principles which it involved was quite important enough to necessitate the most matured discussion. . We have no desire to make any remark adverse to a statesman who has rendered to his country seevices of so eminent a charactr as those whLch have distinguished the administration- of, Lord PArmnsToN during the reoent War. It flhuit, however, remain a subject of grave astonialment that a Minister who could not bring him. elf to argue mnore strongly in favour of a mesaure tha:I Lord PA1arsTow argued last night in favour of 'this " miserable bill" could consent to iutroduce it at all into the Holose of Commons. The' foundation. of a good Court of Appeal is not a slight matter. The decision of this question, which was provoLed at the close of a' session in so ,hasty and unguarded a' manner, was one which would affect Ihe most important interests of the country for centuries to come. What had the First-Minister to say in favour of this abortive bantling of the Peers, which he had so carelessly adopted ? Why, the legal force in the House of Lords was on the decline; it was advisable to strengthen it ; it was therefore advisable to pass this bill. We can scarcely believe that so resolute and. clearsighted a man could be in earnest wlen, after stating his own entire con-vidtion that the House of Lords had, come to an erroneous decision on the question, of life peerages, and declaring that many successive Governments had held that the creation of life -peerages was within the prerogative of,the CBoWN, he yet argued that the error of the Peers ought, to receive the sanction of the Legislature, that the opinion or successive Governments ought to be disregarded, and that a most clumsy sham should be established, all because an acklowledged evil would be remedied by an accession of legal force to the House of Lords. This is literally all which Lord *PA,LBSESTON could urge in favour of a measure which was permanently to affect the administration of justice throughout the British empire.
All impostures, however vivacious, have a fixed limit to their career, like aU other things. They have their exits and their entrances, filourishing for a while, until at last, stale, exploded, and entirely found out, they gradually fade from the world into the limbo where their predecessors of the past repose, to delude and to deceive no more. It rould not be an uninstructive chapter in the history of human delusions if some philosophical historian would sit down and write the rise, the progress, the decline and fall of the Irisli Tenant Right delusion. Our departed friend has kept good company in his day. He has sat among the great ones of the earth and enjoyed the sweets of their society. Rising from small beginnings,- he has enlisted on his side the feelings and sympathies of no small portion of the Irish peoplg and the votes of a proportionate number of Irish members. At first Tenant Right was known as the annual crase of Mr. Sn=rAx Cniwron:D, until at last it rose to the dignity of a question, and became worth the consideration of the leaders of parties evenly matched and eagerly contending for power. The Government of Lord DERBY sought by, its means to secure a tottering interest in the House of Commons, and, no doubt, the unceremonious rejection of Tenant Right by the Peers contributed its share towards the downfall of that short-lived and il-fated Ministry. The Government of' Lord ABmBDEmn did not disdain to have recourse to the same sources of influence, and the relations which they established vith the Tenant Leaguers were founded on the same principles as those of their predecessors. Nor has Lord PAnaEnsTo-'s Government any claim to plead exemption from the common fate which has overtaken all those that have gone before it. The last session saw the Tenant Right measure nominally supported by Government, with the absolute certainty on all hands that it would never reach the House of Lords at all, or, if it reached it, would be summarily rejected there, This year, however, a marked change has taken place. Government has refused its support, and the measure has languished, and finally died from innition. On Wednesday last Mr. ?lxoorx, with many sad reproaches against tne SEcRTnry poR IRELAID, withdrew his bill, and Lord PAnuxusTox, amid the laughter of the House, expressed the determination of the Government to give its respectful attention to any, measure on the subject introduced by an independent member. So lived, so died the Tenant Right measure, to revive no more in any assembly that experience can teach or reason convince. Before -we part from our old friend let us, as a contribution to the history of delusion and political jugglery, recall what the measure was -which has been honoured by the support of three successive Governments, Conservative, Coalition, and Liberal, and what am those principles to which all parties have united in gimung their support with such astounding unanimity. The Tenant Right agitation, like JAIms, whose temple it has so long kept open, had two faces, the one looking to the past, the other to the future. In its retrospective capacity the Tenant Right question involves views which, considering the reverence paid by the House of Commons to vested rights, might excite surprise, if anything were surprising to those who know the madness of party spirit, and the extremities to which even honourable men will submit rather than surrender the possession of place and power. The Encumbered Estates Court had sold land to the value of many millions, under the faith of an act of Parliament assuring to the purchaser an absolute title in fee simple. The prices obtained under this act, though small in the estimation of sellers and in comparison vith the prices of more prosperous times, were doubtless very much increased by the certainty that the land was conveyed, so far as the absolute power of Parliament could insure it, free from all claims and encumbrances whatsoever, except, indeed, those peculiar methods of asserting property which an Irish evicted tenant or cottier knows so well how to apply. The bills which met with the suppolt and countenance of three successive Governments actually proposed- to impeach the Parliamentary title, and to give to tenants who had not been compensated for the improvements which were sold a right of recovering their value again from the purchaser, who had already bought and paid for them under the faith of an act of Parliament. The bills approved as we have said had also a prospective side. Not only do they deprive the owner of the soil of the right vested in him by the double efficacy of the contract of sale and of an act of Parliament, but they also take away for the future from every proprietor the management of his own property. Should a tenant wish to improve the land leased to hima, and should the landlord be unwilling to consent, powers are given him by these bills by which he is enabled to force the landlord to acquiesce, and to fix him with the expense incurred in making these changes. We are told, indeed, that the principle of these clauses cannot be defended, but that in the exceptional state of things in Ireland they must be submitted to, or worse evils WMill ensue. For our own part, we can imagine no state of things so exceptional that honesty and good faith ought to be set aside in the place where they prevail, nor do -we believe in the doctrine that an exceptional state of things is best met by measures founded avowedly on unsound principles. Where the relations of society' have become disorganized, where bad customs have inverted the natural order of dealing between man and man,- and prejudices and habitf have grown up inconsistent vith' the general laws by which human transactions are governed, the true remedy is, not to administer remedies founded on principles derived from the vicious state of things existing, but rather, amid so much confusion and uncertainty, to recur to princi.. plea founded on abstract truth and justice, which alone can give a finm foundation oD which the future strudture of property wud inx 'dustry may rest. To correct such a state of tlhings the legislator must not lower his view5 to -their level, but try to .deal with them on the footing of scientific truth, trusting, as every manw endowed with the poweer of clearly apprehending abstract principles will ever trust, to the self-cor,recting-power which a right rule carries with it, to work-order out of disorder, and to make the most grievous individual hardships subservient to the ultim'ate advantage of the: whole. With these convictions, we cannot talke leave of the subject without eipressing the hopepthat, as in this so in all otlier matters, Ireland- will -cease to be the sport . of desperate empirics,. and that whatever nev principles wo introi duce will be defensible', not only on account of her disorders, but of their own intrinsic reasonableness and justice. WYe also hope that. the respectful attention promisedto any future attempt. at fraud and spoliation wir not extend beyond the E sentiment of respect whieh - it woula seem such measures are likely to inspire, and that we never again shall see a Goverament so far forgetting what is due to itself as for any consideiration whatever to give one moments countenance to doctrines such as those recently patronized by three successive Administrations under the name of a Tenant Right Bill. - '
There- was held yesterday at Willis7s-rooms a 'meeting for the purpose oE promoting the praetice of ghing a half-holyday on the Saturdays to the working classes, and for the qarlier payment of wages. With the general objects of the meeting we heartily sympathize, and we are the more disposed to regard the proceedings with a favourable eyc that they- entirely disclaim anything liLe an application for Parliamentary interference. It mnst be obvious, on the most cursory consideration, that the- authoritative interference of the Legislature in a case of this kind would be productive of far more evil than good. We can readily enough pass a law which shall prevent'trades. men and other persons engaged in mercantile pursuits, whether on a 'wholesale or retail scale, from keeping their shops and warehouses open beyond a certain hour on the Saturday after-. noon. It is, however, entirely beyond the power of the lawgiver to enact that the same remuneration as heretofore sllall be given for diminished service. The employers of labour would not upon compulsion listen to the'plea that in realitytheyobtained service more valuable because more cheerfully rendered. TUnder the fee'ing of annoyance that their privileges, as employers of labour, were interfered with, they would refuse to regard any other test than that of time. It is only by acting on their convictions, and inducing them to join the banner of "Early C1o3ing" as volunteers, that we can hope to obtain that great boon of rest for the labouring classes, for wvhich we are just as an-xi ous as the professed members of the Early Closing Association. It is unnecesary, however,topursue this point further, as Lord STAiNrY yesterday, in the name of the meeting, broadly disclaimed a policy which would most certainly defeat its own object. "We appeal," said he, " to public opinion only; "we appeal to the public mind, not heated by "declamation nor exasperated by controversy; "we appeal to reason as much as to feeling; we "seek not to stir up men's sympathies, , but to "work upon their deliberate and dispassionate "conviction to show what is their interest, as "employers and men of business, and that our "object coincides with their duty as citizens." Lord STANmEY might well have carried back his appeal nearer to the source of the evil. Persons engaged in trade and in commercial pursuits keep their establishments open until late on the Saturday night, because they are obliged to do so by the exigencies of their customers. The retail shopkeepers are compelled to remain in attendance, they and their emnploybs, as long as the public frequent their warehlouses ancd shops. Let the inhabitants of London and of the other great towns in the lingdom once takle the habit of making their purchases during five days and a half of the week, and ilhere will be little inclination or necessity -on the part of the shopkeepers for keeping their shops open during the remaining half of the sixth day. This is a ques. tion on which it is difficult, if not imposible,to lay down any general rule which shall apply equally to all categories of labour. 'Ihus much, however, is clear,-that the remedy for the notorious evil must be sought in the ifim resolution of all classes of society to make as few calls as possible upon the exertions of the workers on each returning Saturday afternoon. It is gratifying to find that in Lancashire the principle is already adopted. In that distlict, in vhich between 2,000,000 and 3,000,000 - of people earn their subsistence from the valious processes connected withn the cotton manufacture, Lord STANLY told the meeting yesterday that the principle had been extensively and successfully tried. The great brewers, TRUMAN, HAm-nnY, and BUXro, bave also adopted the plan to their own complete satisfaction, after three years' trial, and with the most eminent success. Parcw's Company have arrived at the same conclusion, and so of other great firms; and, in point oi' fact, on al sides, save in retail shops, the movement is progressing most favourably. NFow, wo are perfectly aware that the most stringent arguments could be produced from the science of political economy in opposition to the shortening of the hours of labour upon any pretext whatsoever. A steam-engine working at the rate of 10 or 12 hours a-day will tumn out more work in six days than it could do in five days and a-half. If human beings were made of metal in place of flesh and bone, nerve and muscle, the same proposition would undoubtedly hold true of them. 'Who is there among us, however, whatever 'his vocation in life may be, so his lot be one of labour,-and whether the labour be physieal or intellectual matters not,who does not mnow that the! overwrought brain and overstrained hand must at times haye reasonable repose, or the work which they are called upon to perforn will be deteriorated in quality ? Never since the earliest period of. which we possess any historical record has these been such a speetacle ' of unceasing, untiting industry, as may be seen in the United Kingdom at the present moment. In the States of North America speculation is far more rife than in the old country, and the raeo of jobbers anic brokers carry on their operations at a rate which astonishes Capel-court and the Royal Exchange. The great mass of the population, however,-the labouring. clalses,-' have not on the other side c,f the Atlantic the same laborious existence as their f'ellows here in England. The sight of so much honemt, uncomplaining exer-tion is one which may we'l 'excite sympathy in the gternest and most rigorous minds. The millions 'of our fellow-countrymen in whose behalf we now claim the assistance and support of all persons 'whom PRoviDxwcFx has blessed with more abundant means and more ample leisure are no puling suppliants for grame and favour. They say that they will do more work, and better work, if one-twelfth portion of their wcrking time be made over to -them fosr rest and recreation. Wherever the experiment has been fairly; tried it has been arowned with the most complete success. The extension of the principle rest -entirely with the great mas of purchaser, who in the vast majority of cases may, . if they wil, satisfy their wants on 1ike first five and a-algf worldng days of each returning week.
2 _EW SOUTHT WALES. I -- -- ---_b (A. porEon of the following appeare incur aboond edition of yesterday:-] 1y the arrival of the Catharine Adamson We have received files of papers to the 17th of April We tale the following from the Sydney AMo7rning Herald of- April-16:--' "Our last summary of news was forwarded on thlI of March. Trom that date to the present time electioneering mitters have almost entirely absorbed the attention of the public. There are 31 constituencies, possessing the power of returning the 54 members who are to form our future Legislative Assembly, in acordance with the protisions of Ithe New Constitution Bill. For these 54 seats there have been upwards of 100 candidates. A large majority of the contests have now been decided; they have for the most part been well contested, and the result is in a great degree satisfactory, for there can be no doubt, judinggfrom the eharacter and standing of many of the gentlemen returned, that the wealth and intelligence of the colony will be ably represented. " The members of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce have been discussing, for some time past; the report of the select cormariatee of the Chamber appointed on the 19th of July last ' to take into consideration the present-Insolvent Lawvs cf the colony, and to reprt such alterations as thy may deem it advisable for the Chamber to petition the Legislature to make in the existing laws.' Considerable progress has been made, but there are yet several clauses in tue report to be brought under consideration. "The share-market has been unusually quiet during the past month, and few transactions of importance have taken place. A considerable rise, however, has taken place in Bank of New South Wales shares, and a still further decline in the price of the shares of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company. Bank of New South Wales shares have been sold as high as 341. 10s. pershare. Thi.riseis partly attributableto the scarcity of stock in the market and the anticination of a very favourable report. The' last dividend was at the rate of 20p cent, per annum, and the reserve fund hadincreased to 100,00u1. It-is believed that the dividend due 31st ofMarch, whichwinl be decdaredthis month, willbe equalto if it does not exceed, the last. Commercial Bmk sha havebeen very firm at 40'. per share. Thereisnot somuch speculation in the shares 'of the company as thereis in the Bank of New South Wales, andits stock is therefore more sought. after for a permanent investment; -their last dividend was also at the rate of 20 per cent. per annum. Australian Joint-stock Bank shares are firmer than -they were last mouth, and have been sold atlOm 10s. per share. The Australian Gas Company shares are inquired for. They have fluctuated between S.10s. and SI. 15s. per share. The usual dividendl is at the rate of 10 per cent.; last half-year they gave also a bonus of 10 per cent. Australisian Steam Navigation Shares have been much depressed, and have fallen from 131. to 121. per share. They paid no dividend for the last half-year, and there is very little prospect of an improvement at present, on account of competition. The General Assurance Company and the New South WVales Assurance Company have both suffered severe losses during the last quarter, but their profits are large, and the shares are firm and in demand. The price of the General Assurance is 71. 5s., and the New South Wales Assurance 21. 2s. ' Shares in the Gold and Copper Mines are very dull, and, with the exception of the Wentworth Gold Field and Newcastle Coal and Copper Companies, almost unsaleable. Government debentures have increased in value; they have been sold as high as 96 and the accrned interest. The value of these debentures, which are issued for a term of only five years, must increase as the time of paying them off approaches, unless those confided by the Government to the agency of the Bank of New South Wales-to lie sold at not less than 924 in England-should be returned. It has been stated that small parcels have been sold on the Loen don Stock Exc;hange at satisfactory prices; but as regarcds the bulk of them no information has yet been received. The rise in debentures and bank stock is likely to continue whilst the amount of securities paying a regular rate of in. terest is so limited, comparedwiththe capital brought for. ward for investment. E "It is, we are informed, the intention of the GovernorGeneral to summon the new Parliament, to assemble on the 26th of the ensuing month. "The extension of the line of railway from the Parramuatta terminus to Liverpool is going on rapidly, and will, without doubt, be- completed by August next. A large portion of the line is already formed, and the prmcipal works, such as the viaducts and bridges, are in a very forwarcd state. The Railway Commissioners within the last day or two have gone over the entire distance for the purpose of inspecting the progress and character of the works. The result of their mispection, we believe, was extremely flattering to all parties concerned. The commissioners next went over the proposed extersion line to Campbell-town, which is now being surveyed, and which will, no doubt, be com-.neced soon after the meetinm of the new Parliament. The construction of these branches in counexion with the grand trank line between Sydey and Parramatta will be the means of concentrating ino one focus nearly the whole of the traffic of the southerninterior, which may be said to comprise about one-half of the industrial and productive wealth of the country. The lunter River Railway is nearly completed, and will most probably be opened about the same time as the Liverpool line. T The sewerage works are progressing slowly but steadily. Want, of funds on the part of the authorities is the chief impediment to their imsnediate completion. A ferv weeks however, even under the present dilatory arrangements, will saffice for their execution. "The next branch of public improvements demanding particular notice is that with reference to our fortifications. In this respect our progress bas been considerable. The stone and earthwork battery at Dawes' Point may be zegarded as completed, while that at Pinchhgt Island, commanding the entranc both to the Cove and to Darling Marbour, is rapidly tending that way. The tower, which will be the most difficult aun complicated part of the wor-, and which it is intended to raise to an elevation of 50 feet, has been constructed to the height of 10 feet. The remainder of the fortification is mn a corresponding state of forwardness A new battery, similar int character to the one at Dawes' Point, and capable of mounting seven guns, besides accommodating one officer and 30 men, is about to i be commerced at Kioribilli Point. This, with theproposed battery at Garden Island, and those we have already mentioned, will present a formidable barrier to any aggression by way oz the sea. " As regards private buildings, we have notning particular to repart. Of course, structures of more or less pretensions are being erected in all pats of the city, but they are not nearly so numerous or so important as on former occasions. "The corner stone of the new Mlariners' Church, in connexion with the Sydney Bethel Union, vwas lid on the 19th of March last by his Excellency Sir William Denison. " On Saturday, April 5, there was a partial eclipse of the sun. It commenced at Sydney at .50, and ended at 6.21. At Moreton Ba 15-16ths of the sun's disc were eclipsed, the line of total obscuration running through the unsettled parts of the colony. The day was so cloudy and wet that the eclipse was invisible." COMMERCIAL (From the Sydney Mafrnsing Herald of April 1L) The amount of gold coin issued from the Sydney branch of the Royal Mint during the week ending to-day has been 20,000 half-sovereigns. The amount of golddust iaported into the same establishment during tbe week for the purposes of coinage has been 2,656 ounces. The western escort arrived this morning at the Colonial Treasury, and delivered the following quantities of golddust :-rom Bathurst, 74 ounces 8 dws. ; Sofala, 399 ounces 17 dwts. 23 grains; Tambaroora, 277 ounces 16 dwts.; Avisford, 541 ounces 7 dwts. 12 grains; Louisa Creek, 14 ounmes. Total from the western districts, 2,007 ounces 9 dwt& 11 2grains. The advices both from the western and southern districts continue to be satisfactory as regards the progress of the gold diggers. The following is the account of the Customs' revenue for New South Wales for the quarter ending March31 - The Customs' revenue for the quarter (including the receiots at the outports of Twofold-bay, Newcastle, Morpeth, and Brisbane) was 102,568. 6s. I0d., showing an increae on the corresponding quarter of 1855 of 8,2104 lls. O1d. The duties on spirits distilled in the colony, 46,048 gallons, have amounted to 14,7731. 14s. Sd., showing an increae of 2,6051, 5s. 4d. On gold licenses, royalty, &c amounting to 6,1791. 15s. ed., a trifmg decrease, 272, 6s. is shown. For the conveyance of gold, specie, d banknotes by escort, 6411. 3s. 4d., there is a decrese of 741. Is. 4d. The receipts of the Sydney branch of the loyal Mint were 4,6961. 9gs. lia.; Dut, the revenue only commencing inthe third quater of 1855, thereforewe haveno comparson to offer in respect to this item with the previous 12 months. The proceeds of the sales of Crown lands, including town, suburban, and country allotments, amounted to 52,4931. 5s. 7d., being a trifling increase of 6581. 2. 3d. The I amount for the sale of land in theo county of Cumberland during the quarter was 4,S43L. 15s. 6d. Rents of lhcenses andleases to occupy Crown lands, quit. rents redemption of quit-rents, of Government buildings,' premises,quaorries, &ac., 3,935Y. 3s. Gd. Increase-on The quarter, 2. 7s. 94. Licenses to auctioneers, 6131. lSs. Sd. * to retail fermented -and spirituous Ifquors, 3171. S. 8d. ; night licenass to publicans and for billiard tables, 77I. 1Os; to cut timber and make bricks on Crown lands, 3771'.; a11 other licenses, 2181. 15s. ld.,-msaking a total of .1,6041 7s. 5d., an increase on the quarter of 135. 14s. 2d. The item of postage amounIt to 6,5191.16gs. f;d., being an inrerse of 6595s. 10. ld. The miscellaneous receipts amounted to 197,7281., beig an increase of 17,4141. (the assessment on stock beyond the settled districts amonustiag to13,S333. 1Os. lld.). Thecollection for chuicla and school estates as l,845. 10. 6d., being an incrae of 1701. 14s. 7d. The special reeite namely, Polee Rewrd Fcnd, Police Supernuation lund, repayments under the Assisted ImmigmrutE Act, and the amountzeeived undertheAsie. ment on Sheep Act, amounted to 9,351?. 2s. Cd, showing A decrease of 6,415&. 19s. 4d. The groes amount of the quarter's. Tevenue was 229,5931 8s. 8d., showinganet increase on the eorresponding qcrer of 1855 of 21,2254 Tbisincrease was at the rate of 1Q perecent. The increase on thel12months ending the 3ast sit. ws 111,3381., being an increase of 12 per cent. on. the nat year. Tfie oficial returns of Customs for the port of Sydney for tbe last quarter are not yet completed. - The returns of import, bhow that the dcle -Talue of our imports during -the pat quarter in British registerad shis was 890,7661. The total amount of imports int the port of Svdney during the first quarter of the present year by British, colonial, d f oreign regisered ships has been of the deeared vaune of 1,246,8331. - 1 The Customs returns of our exports for the quarter are not yet completed. We beieve that they mav be estimated at abMt 890,0001, exclusive of'golddus5 *the amount of wbih exported from- the 1st of .Tanuary to -the Sltult. wa h5,500 om15 dwts. Our exports for the quarter my
SPORTING j,N cLIGENCE. 1-TYRRPOf)T .I .T l.F.rTNf THUSDAY.-THE CUP DAY Cop up days" at al mneen s peculiar attrctiong fortleasure folki independent o thehuantitarndbacrtder' of e sport. o exception was formed to thisrule at Lir. pool, and although the card contained no item of egrosang niterest-te principal event being a comparative faiuze- yet the attendance of gEneral company vas very lasge. he' stands were pretty well filled, and in the private stand waW EheEiarl of Derby and his distinguished guestw ho are Eojouraing for the. week at Knowsley. Fine sunny weather heightened the enjoyment of tho '.ecttors* The only dria;wbak fro'm-the pleasant character of the proceedings wag occasioned by the itinerant preachers who took up their stations at frequent intervals in the, ,vcnity of the course, and pursued their calling with wonderful enerty. Their seeming earnestness, hoirever,po duced no effect upon the throngs of holyday foik, an is only tendency appeared to be to create a breach of the peace.L Opposite the railway station at Aintree- erer pla- carded inlarge letters tha words !'Remember Poor Palmer,"anld underneath it were several Scriptural qubtations. These offensive displays, however, only 'ecited coarse and fibsd jedstfrom t e "roughs," and created disgust and indigna-tionamongallreeqpecthblepeople. - v u-ht oat only eight starters. Tyree rho ihad for many weeks beentheleadingfavourite, innm. telned her position in time market to the close; the race was remarkable only for her utter defeat. This event con- luded, the da's sport also terminated; for the two subae. qulent stales only attracted four horses to the post. nltogether at mree uninteresting GCp-day was neverwit-. nescd atAintee.Tie ".'officials got through . their business witt their usual promptitude. The'course, however, was most inefficieatly kept, peopls bentg alloWed to crowd on to it at the stable-turn and, below the distbance, to the danger of life and liub. The races were decided as under A H&NDICAPSW Swsrsmr s of 5soys each, with,30added. T.Y.C. 9 sub. Hir. Jackson's Remedy, by the Cure, 2 yrs, 5st. 121b. (Challoner) ... ... ... ... . 1 ... Mr. Hughes's Breeze, 3 rei, CsL. 121b. (Snowden) .... 2 ML-. Henderson's Janet ?ride, 3 yrs, 6st. I0lb. (Quinton) 3 The following also ran:- Mr. R. lI'esbitt's Icaris, 4 yrs, 7st. Ilb. (S. Forstar). -1r. J., Ierr's Spindle's, 3 yrs, 7st. Slb. (Basham). Hr. Saxon's Pretty Girl. 3 yrs, 6st. 51b. (Shakspeare). Mlir. T. Walker's Oriandd, 2 yrs, 5st21b (Wood), Mr. Saunder's The Clown, 2 yrs, 4st 101b (Johnson). Betting.-7 to 4 agst Spindle, 4 to 1 agst Remedy, 5 to t agst Janet Pride. Won hbalength; fomu. lengths separateIthe second from the third. The Clown was fourth; Orianda and Spindle were next, close togetber. Pretty Girl was left at the noat. SvaEP5TAXE5 of 15 sovsa each, five.ft., -with SO added, for 9-yr-olds and upwards. Certain penalties andallowances ODne mile. 21 subs. - rn.fHines Lance, by Launcelot, 3yrs, 7st. 12b. (inclu. ing 31b. extra) (Wlberforce) ..1. . ..7 lr. Coppcrthwaite's The Early Bird, S.yr, 9st. '9b. (in- eludingk 71b. extra) (Wells) .. ... .. .. .. 2 M. T. Parr's Apathy, 2yzs, 5st.5lb.(including31b.extra) (Challoner) 3... ... ... .. ... 3 Lord Clfden's llelissa, 3 yrs. 7st. 6ib. (Quinton).. 4 Hr. Barber's l>aughtyBoy, 2 ys, 4st. 51b. (carried 4t.8lb. B2ettin,.-5 to 2 agst 3 Y elissa 3 toi each agst Apathyt. d Early Bird, 4 to 1 ag6p Ltncy.a A fine-ace in, won by a head; three lengths between the seconadand third; very 'ad fourth. Naughty Boy stumbled just below the distance, and. Shakspeare, his jockey, fell off. The LnVERrOOL Cur in specie, value 200 sovs., added'to a Handicap Sweepstakes of 25 sovsy each. 15 ft. Certain winners extra. The second to receive 50 sovs. out of the stakes. Two miles. 73 subs, 39 of whom declared and paid 5 soas. each. L-. Barber's Pretty Boy, by Idle Boy, 3 yrs, Sat. 101b. (Fordham) ... ... ... .. . Mr. Jackson's Lady Tatton, 4 yrs, 6st. Sib (Challoner);.. 2 lMr Drinkalp's Brother to Grey Tommy, 6 yrs, 6st. 61b. (Qinton) ... ... 3 Sir C. Monck's Vandal, 4 yrs, 6st. Sib. (Bullock) ... 4 The following also ran:- Hen. S. Hawkess The Marchioness, 4 yrs, COat 10Th. (Creswell). Lord Chesterfield's Typee, 6 yrs, Sst. (A shmall). Lord Glasgow's San Francisco, 3 yrs, 4s3. 101b. (carried Sa) (Plumb).. Mr. Saxon's Tom Thumb, 3 yrs, 4st. 71b, (carried 4st. 121b) 0C. Rayner). B3etting-7 to 4 agst Typese, 100 to 15 eich agst Brother t-o Grey Tommy, mIarchioness, Lady Tatton, and Pretty Bov. Tandal went away vwith the lead, followed by Lady Tatton second, Tom Thmnb third, Elarchioness, San Francisco, and Pretty Boy, side by side, next, close up. On entering the far side of the course Lady Tatton bore her colours to the front, Vandal going in second, Tom Thumn.. third, and Typee fourth, Brotherto GreyTommy andPretty Boybeing close together in the rear. Onroundingthe bridge turn Marchioness dropXed. back, and was seen in close company with Brother to GreyTommv, while Pretty Boy began to <iraw forward, and Toma Thumb gave way to Typee, who became third. At the distance Typee went up to Vandal, but soon afterwards gave way beaten, Pretty Boy at the same time drawing into the second place. In the next few strides Pretty Boy obtained the lead, and at last won easily by a lengh and a-half. Brother to Grey Tommy, who vas beaten a long wayfrom home, came again, and was defeated by a neck only for secondplace. 'Vandalwas about three leng,ths behid the third, and Typee was fifth, upwards of six lengths be.lind him. Marchioness was next. A SWEEPSTARs of 5 sova. each, with 30 added, for tWo ,ear olds and upwards. Optional selling weights, &c. Mr. Wllkins's Salmon, syrs. (301), ast. 41b. (Fordham) I Hr. Whittaker's Tom l-swcome, yrs (301.), .4st. 101b (carried 4st. iS3b.), (Challoner) ... ... ... .. 2 No betting. Won by a neck. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) RxaR MAJneT's PLaTE. Two miles. Mr. T. Parfs Goldhill, by Safeguard, 3 yrs, 7st. 7Tb. Hr. Rine's Lance, 3 yrs, 7st. 71b. (Bashamj ;.2 Betting.-7 to 4 on Goldhill. 12 to 1 was also ta'ken to a good. deal of money about Goldhill winning this event anuc the (loodwvood Stakes. A fine race. Won by a neck. The H-AcNDIcA PL&TEr of 50 sovs. did not filL
REDUCIIOlN OF WiNE DuTzES.-A festival, underthe auspices of a committeeformedfor thepurpose of promotingareduction of the duties on foreign wines, and at 'he same time advocating a mutualy adv&ntageon system of tariffs between France and England, especialy in relationto the Potteries, Ls held at the CrysW Palace os Wednesday. At 3 o'cloc;c a special conferenuo of gentlemen more immediately connected with the movement, from different arts of the country, wa held in the IuBsic Couxt. lr. Oliveira, M.P., who presided, read a paper commuaicated by Count Szoulagh -31pon Hungarian winec, and the Rev. -lsymomld D5mieU addressed some observations to the meeting on the moral influenoe of wine as an ordinary beverage. At 5 o'clock about 400 gentlemen sat down to a banquet in an extemporc dining-roomn in the south -wing of the building, under the presidency of Mr. Oliveira Several meimbers of Parliament were present, as also representa. tires of foreign 'wine merchants. The chairman, in a very elaborate address, enlarged on the advantages of a reduction of tle wine duties, and contended that the existing tarifF tend ed to less-en revenue, to promote adulteration, to induLo piit-rinldng, and the consequent demoralization of the humbler classes A gentleman, representing the Staffordshiro Potteries? Anglo-French Free Trade Association, delivered an address showing the advantages, of a mutal reduction -of taiffs between Frince ancl GMrert Britain. Mr. Aifred Westpall cf Montpelier, specially anpointed by reslution of the Chamber of Commaerce of that town to reprssent the department of Herauli spoke at some length on the possibilities of the wine trade underreduceddutieE. He siid, be had'weighedand egtimated the various expenses with the greatest powible accuracy andafter allowin 0 per eent, to the French and 10 per cent. to the Engnsh merclant, he could 'oeitivel sert t-hat, supposing their dcsidcratu& obtained, and te datr. lowered to Is. a gallon, uine from the South of France cou7d be sold in London at the -ujioe of E d. or 6d. - tottle (six bottles to a gallon). ThWquality of t;he wines he was speaking of would be a very good ene indeed-much better in average than thai; of most of the ina orsdinaira that were to 'be met with at the hoteli on the contirent The alcoholic strength of these wines would be of 11 to 13 per cent. Several other aadresses 'were -delivered by Mr. Titus Salt, President of the Bradford Chamber of Commere and Mr. John MPGregor, ILP.,- among others; and at s o'clok the proceedings terminated, and the oompany r*turned, after spending an azreeable day of mixed -busene and pleasure. DEAD BoDY rovND w THE 'hMaLsAse&-On Tuesday, the st inst., one of Tord IL Bentincks keeec in Glenavon Forest, when in a olitary part of tht forev*, i7bout eiglht miles from any humia dwelling, camn on the dead,body of a muau, far advnced in a state of dwmaution. The body appears a if tbe - ad een aadb 30 yean;of age. Owing toths beather'whre the d _casdwa lyinghaving been burnt in the uosetbof Apre l last it ig guite impossible to gise ainy adequa-e description' of the -bodj It isiu6tkscsbtAsat the body had lain in Ue SpO 'wheoeuforndsince the mnth of Februarlt.-Benfeirc Joizrnau,
. FORBIGNMMTELIGENOE. . FRANC I . (LT ATMMAnmn- Awn. -Rp-rryqw nmmmm ivtr-'2 ' ITIe followijg appeared in our second edition of yM- We have received the following t6ele<shisc de- e apatch from our Paris. correspondent 'PARIS, TSuRsDAY, JutY 10, 8A.Mr. "The Monitieur says, that in consequence of anl incident, which he. did not provoke, a Frenchsordier ws klled by au Austrian corporal near Giurgevo. An investigation has been instituted on the spot, and the advices received by the Goverimert of the Emperor from Vienna and from Bucha. rest assure us that prompt and severe justico shall be rendered. MIeantime His 31ajesty the Emperor of Austria has decided that a pension ahall be granted to the family of the French soldier." (ExOM 01J OUR O CONRRSEsONDssT.) PARIS, 'WEnZSDo&v, JULY 9, 6 P.x A paragraph in the second page of the Ind4pendance belge, printed in small type, states as follows.- "Several joumals have reproduced within the last few days the text of a letter said to have been addressed by the Count de Paris to M. Roger (du Nord). on the subject of the fuston of the twvo branches of the Bourbon family. We refrained from giving this document, as we had reason to entertain serious doults of its authenticity, and, we now congratulate ourselves on the reserve which we displayed, for the journal in whose colmns it firs' appeared declares that the letter is aDocryphal, and that the editor was deceived by the person who communicated it." You wil observe. that in the paragraph just quted no journal in particular is mentioned. Now', it happens that there were two versions of the letter given in two Belgian papers after the version given in 17he Timzes. These versions differed, not in substance but in form, and one may have been merely the corrected copy of the other, even without sup posing a ssperchlerie which night enable persons to repudiate the document. Theletter of the 'ount de Pais was published in T.hie Times of Wednesday last-that is, eight days ago; and has, as i have already observed, excited much-discontent among the Fusionist party. But, in any case, I do not recogDiie the authority of the ind1ipendance Be7ge to deny the authenticity of the letter. The only person to -whom I allow that right is the writer of the letter, or the person to whom it was addressed. Neither of these has said a Vord on the subject, though it has, been talked of in all circles. Apropos of the fusion, a person long in the confidence of the leaders of that party, and who had in ether days been often employed in arranging disputes among political, persons of the same party, purposes setting out to-morrow for Claremont, to try to bring together once more the discordant elemeats, and recast the fusion. Anothler personage is said to have already left for FRrohsdorf-the residence of the Count de Chambord-on the same friendly, hut hopeless mission. I On Sunday w eek last I was enabled to contradict the rumour of an approaching interview between the Emperor of Austria and the Emperor Napoleon, which, it was said, would take place on the Lake of Constance. As the rnmou-r was revived, and appeared to assume more consistency, I again alluded to the. subject on Sunday last. An official contradictsion has now. appeared in the MWosaitetn-. The f'ndetpend.ee Belge publishes the following leffer, dated Hamburg,, Gth inst. . "Afterthedi&solution of the Anglo-GermanLegion, it was said that many soldiers, enlisted at so enormous an expense in the north, had readily accepted the offtr to emigrateto Canada and cultivate the lands placed at their disposalbytheEnglishGovernment. This, however, does not-appear to be the case,. for the Jobn Ball steamer, v,hich enteredour port to-day, has already brought back 150 of these recruits, and we are informed that others will arrive in succession on board the packets plying regularly between England and Hamburg. Oar police immediately sent a number of agents to inspect the papers of the now-comers before they allowed them to land, and when their nationality was ascertained they were respectively marched to the stations of the railways leading to their native countries Some of themnproceeded to Hanover, others to Prussia, and the greater number to the Duchies of Holstein-SchleswigNone of them were permitted to remain at Hamburg. As these soldiers formed part of the revolutionary army of the Duchies, it is natural that the Danish Government should be alarmed, under existing circumstances, at the presence of such men, from whom it has more to fear than hope. The Governor of hltona, by order of theMinister of War at Copen. hagen, adopted nilitary precautions to prevent all hostile manifestations. Our police, on the other hand, hastened to telegraph the same of each individual to his Government, so that during the whole day the telegraph-office was so actively engaged in forwarding these despatches that the transmission of private and commercial messages had to be postponed until a late hour in the evening." The Duke of Nassau has addressed a letter of condolence to the French Government on the death of M. Fortoul, late Minister of Public Instructiou. L. Fortoul died at Ems, in the territory of the IDuke. Thoug,h the sad event was only klown here yesterday yet the names of variouis persons are mentioned as candidates for the vacant place; among others those of IMN. Crouseilles, DTinas, Parieu, and La Guerronnibre, all of whom, -with the exception of the last, have already been in the Cabinet. Tne Con *sfionne pays the following tribute to the memory of the late Minister of Public Instruction:- " M. Fortoul attained his high position by his own talent and exertions. After beginning his career by the pulblica tion of literary works of signal merit, he devoted himself to serious studies, and attained all the university honours step by step. As Professor of Literature at the Faculty of Toulouse he greatly distinguished himself as a lecturer, and ves afterwards appointed Dean of the Faculty of Art, as a well-merited reward for his university laboursIt was his popularity and euperior talent as a professor that pointed out M. Fortoul to the choice of the electors after the revolution of 1848, and the courage and intelligence displayed by him in the Republican assemblies cannot be for gotten; he was always to be found on the side of common sense and justice, and the noble attitude which he then assumned drew on him the attention of the Prince who governed France as Fresident of the Republic. Amid the general blindness of parties, AL Fortoul was one of the first to perceive where safety could alone be found, -when anarchy seemed so threatening in the political horizon. On his appointment to the Ministry of Public Istruction M. Fortoul soon displayed-administrative talent of a high order. In a situation which appeared to be surrounded br so many dilliculties at the outset, as it was iM reality, thenewlMinister, byhis justiceandfirmness, found means of conciEiating things that seemed altogether irreconcilablc. The Ministry of hLFortoul will form one of the mnosthonourable pages of the contemporaryhistory of the university. As a professor, author, deputy, and minister, hi. Fortoul has run a brilliant career, and,what is still better, a useful one; on a,U these grounds it may be said that the ifist-er of Public Instrution carriea -with him to the tomb, so prematurely opened, the universa regret of his countrymen."- The funeral obsequies of the Duichesh de M:ontebello took place yesterday. at the church of the Foreign Missions. TheEmperor wasrepresented on the occasion by the Duke de Conegliano, Marshals MiSagnan and Canrobert were prcsent, as wvell as a erorrd of persons5 of rank anld note. The sons of t,he deceased were the chief mourners. After the funex-al service the body was removed to the cemetery at Montmartre, where the family burial-place is situated. General MarHimprey is, it appears, the officer who remains in the Crimea, charged with the consular functions until such time as a regulaw consul is appointed. "The Lord Mayor of London," says the IMaoniC-vir, " has addreased to the Prefect of the Seine a fourth sum of l0O,000f. on account- of the English subscription, which now amounts to more than 600,00f., and that without including the towns 'which have placed themselves in direct communication with the French authorities." The Emperor is said to be much pleased with hisi residence at Plombierea. His MajestY commenced the-baths the day afterhis arrival, and has continued them every day since. He passes the time chiefly in walklng or driving out in a phaeton. He takes a good deal of waling exercise, and strolls out two or three timies every dsy. The visitors and residents, 3k 0vingthatHis Majesty ensue for repose, carefully uvoid every ng like intrusion. The following letter DoFiae' 6th g;ives :s ew details respecting his lafteatjovements -' ' ; "Yesterday the Prefect of the Voeges, the colonel of the t8thi-Rginent of the lne, tro officers of that regiment, whiLh is on duty here, "and L. Iebille, inspector of the 'waters of Plombiires, had the honour of dining with His Xaje4ty. In the evening the Emperor, accompanied by these. 9nUlemrn and the offiers of his hou3ehold, weat to the Cercle des 13aigneur, where there was a conett given by the nd of the 38th and. an exsibitioa of animal Inagnatism-. His Maj'esty returned to Iis hotel at 10 o'clock. This day the Emperor wenx on foot Xo hea;r mss, accompanied by the Pre feet of the Vosges. His Majesty was received at the church door by the Bishop of S. Di6, wlio prohouneed an address, whvich the Emperor anssweredl by a few appso priate words. After mass, the Count de Bounier, deputy, :and a Portuguese officer, the bearer of a letter from thef King of Portagal, had an audience of His 28je0ty. General Cavaignae, uncle of the ex-chief of the execuLtive power, has inscribed Lis, name at the Imperial ;71teL In the afternoon -tbe Emperor, accompanied by ihis suite, drove out twards Remiremont. On the -road a woman, accompanied by a little child, knelt 'before the carriage, presenting a petition. The Emperor directed that thepetition should be received,anddthewom.a taken to his hotel. A few vinutes after His Majesty's re.. turn he sent for the woman, and promised her that an, answer should be sent in two or three days. The gaests inVited to dinner to-day are the Bishop of St. Die, wit', his two -sicars, the colonel, the two officers of the 38th on dtLy, and au auditor of the Conuncil of State arrived from Paris." The Moniteii says "The Emperor has onl taken a few baths at Plombidres, and they hsve already produced the most salutary effiect. His hlajesty leads a very quiet life. The population seems' anxious to respect the privacy which His Majestyseeks, arid the desire which he expressed not to be follolved in his pro. menades. Nevertheless on Sunday, when the Emperor went to mass, a crowd collected from the environs, and saluted him with the heartiest acclamations. In the evea. ing the town put on an air of f te, which it will retain every Sunday, the Emperor having ordered a large tent to be constructed on one of. the promenades, as a ball-room for -the soldiers and inhabitants." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 7'f. 50o, for the, end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cehts. at94f. 20c.;, and the New Loan ab 711. SOc.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,407f. 5Oc.; Great Northern, 1,100f.; Strasbiarg, 960f.; new ahares, 875f.; Paris and lLyons, 1,4402.; Lyons to the Mediterrsaieaa 1l,825f; Western of France, 96S.; CBor-. deaiuxand Cette, 777f. 50c.; Great Central of Fraence > 677150C.,Lyons and Geneva, 80250c.; Bank of Creit Mobilier,1,562f. 60c.; Austrian Railwrays, 870f. AY nzihent-PARIS, July 9.Cash ?rioeFour-and-a-Half er Cents., S.50c.; ditto (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. ; Four per Cents., 82; Three per Cents., 71 f0c. 35c. 25c. 20c.; ditto second Loan of i855 (65 per cent. paid), 71f. 25c. 71f.; ditto Certificates (65 per cent. paid), 72. 25c. 71f.; Bank of France, 4,1502. Qzd.it 'Foncier, 68Sf. ; ditto Obligations of 500f., Three per Cents.,. p 9f;ditto, T9enths. Three per Centis., 77f. 0c., Credit -obilier, 1,570f. 1,665f. 1,562f. .50c.; icntai 700f.;Piedmorte3e Five per Cents, 93f. 50c.; ditto Three per Cents., 582.; Belgian Four-and-a-Hralf per Cents., 9Sf.; Rento do Naples (Rothschild's), 111. 50c.*R oman, 871; SPanish Deferred Convert2d, 244 ; ditto, Passives, 6Q, ditto Three per Cents., 451;- ditto Interior Debt, 59, 9& 3l39}.' Exchane on London. at sight, money, 23f. Tic.; three months, money, 242 97.dc. TURKEY. (FROM ounR OWN CORRnzPoNDEm-r.) CONSTANTINOPLE. JuaE 30. AaliPasha has at Inst al-rived; he came on Saturday, the 28th inst.,. Late at night. RaelIy has a man been expected with such impatience by a whole pgopulation as the Grand Vizier has been for the last month; but raraly also has the decision of so many important questions been dependent on the arrival of one mant. Since peace w as signed-nay, one could almost sa.ysinceAahPasha left inFebruary-." When the Sadr-Azas arrives"' has become a stereotyped phrase at the Porte, wvith wvhich all inconvenient demntands were postponed, all difficult questions laid. aside, and all delays excused. Nor is this surprising. lt has become one of the most arduous duties of twhe Granld Vizier in modern times to be the scapegoat of the Ministry. Of his former nearly unlinited power, as alter ego of the Sovereign, he has kept only the name and the whole weight of responsibility, -while he has lost all but a slight control over the Ministers, who from his agents and servants have become his equals, and who in their respective departments are, if not de jure, at least di facto, independent. The nomination of a Kai-' niakan has not relieved Aali Pasha of the responsibility of anl bad things done and good things leif undone during his absence, for the nomination of the Kaimakan. is now a mere form. In ancient times the Kaimakan wvas nothing else but a creature of the Grand Vizier, acting by the inspiration of the latter; now lie is only nominally appointed by the Grand Vizier, with *whom he has no closer relaitions than any one of the Minis-, ters, while, being himself only the shadow of a shadow, he exercises even less control ever the Mlinisters than the Grand Vizier. This singular position has perhaps appeared in a clearer light during the absence of Aali Pasha than ever before. Slehemed Kibris, well aware that he had no real power, made it aliind of system to interfere as little as possible in aff'airs, and we have had the curious sight of seeing the Kajinakan give his whole attention to the pavement of the capital at a time -when qulestions concerning the very existence of the empire were pending. The return of Aali Pasha must now bring all these questions to an issue, and verily, if one considers how many and how complicated they are, it would not be smuprising if the Grand Vizier were the first Turk who entered the promised land on the shores of the blue Bosphorns with a heavy sigh. Circumstances are so pressing that he will scarcelyhave time to repose before his work begins. Imnediately after his arrival he went to the palace to offer his homage t6 the Sultan. I have not yet heard the particulars of this interview-whether it contained any assurances about the future, for after all tha most important point is whether it will be the fate of the present Administration only to close the old era or to open a new one. Things in this respect are as lncertain as ever. A few days ago the Sultan sent' one of his aides-de-camp to Egypt to take a magnificent sabre of honour to Said, Pasha, as a token of gratituide for the services rendered by the Egyptian Contingent during the war.' This having been done so soon after Redascld Pasha's departure, it is brought in connexion with offers to the latter, so that the sabre of honour is. 1 skeduponratheras a pretext for the other mission. But, while the position of the Ministryis thus still a matter of uncertainty, the reports of Asli Pasha's journey to Vienna, and his stay in London and Paris, are eagerly caught up.. The most striking feature in these reports has been hitherto the marked attention which has been bestowed on Aali Pasha by the Russian Ambassador at Vienna. The latter is said to have declared that an Extraordinary Turkish Aimbassador- would be received with great pleasture at the Emperor's Coronation at j Moscow. Upon AaliPasha'smanifestastonishment at this polite invttation, whiich wasin contrast with the neglect shown hitherto by R/ussia in. the announce-. ment of the E:mperor's accession, the latter circumstance was explained as being based on precedent,. that it had-not been the custom hitherto. to an.- noiince the accession of the Russian Emperos to the Sultans, but that, as soon as the repairs in the Russian Palace at Constantinople are finished, the Russi:nAmbassador will arrive, with the notification of the Emperor's accession, as it is the wish of -Russia to try to maketurkey forget the past. - Among- the subjects which must first occupy the attention of the Turkish Government, as soon as it is certain about its own fate, are the Danubian Principalities, which' are anxiously waiting for the decision of the Porte. The power of the Princes e_xpirea on the 24th of this month, and, as no etopi have been taken. for their removal, and no distinct order given for their retainino, their powzer, the Principalities may be said to be de .jure without a governmnent. The only thing which maybe construed into an authorization of the Turkish Government' for the Prines to retain their power is-a letter from Fuad Pasha, who, as the successor of the Reis Effendi, 'is specially intrusted with the' affairs of the Principalities, toPrinceGhika, of Mtoldavia. The latter>-by al accounts a far better man than his colleague in Walachia, seeing his false position, tendered his resignation to the Porte. To this Fuad Pasha returns an.ans*er, which is published in the local papers. He thaniks the Prince for the'devotion he had, shown towards the Imperial Government, and desires him to remain until the Sablime Porte should decide on the ques*tion of the Principalities. The absence of the Chief of the Cabinet was an 'excuse- hitherto for 'leaving things in staftc ootW, butthis excuse has now ceased, and the decision can no, more be deferred... The 3Ministry itself seems aware of this, and a short time ago this question was discussed. The decision as,it stands now is favdurable enough to the wishes of the Prmnci'ali- ties. The unanimous desire of both Mfoldavans and Wallachians, that the Princes' th6dld not re-: nain'in office while the commission is at work, has been taken into: consideration, anad it is proposed .ffiwithewp iould,immediateLy cease, andua aimkan be.. appointed, for each ef the Principalitie3. -the perons whose names havebeen mentioned for this post are~ Alexader Ghika for Wtfallachia: and'ML Bal for Moldavia. The composition of the Divan is not yet settled-only its leading ides, namely, tbiat the embers should be chosen by the p;.ovinces, but their presidents ap'pointed by tho Porte. All these, however, are but projects, not decisions, and there are influences sufficiently strong, i~ not perhaps to slter these projects, at any rate, to oppose considerable resistance to them, and thu5 to retard the settling of the ques. tion. Another -subjeca :which has lately occupied the Government, but which likewise has not been brought to an issue, istlie law-of enlistment for the hratis.ns. En the ei nesa to abolish as soon aspossible the kharadj in -principle, no regard at all has been paid to an --important practical side of this question which, especially at the present moment, is- not so-- easily disposed of. This Eide of the quesifon is the financial one. The 'kharadj yields 60,000,000 of piastres, oraboutl1-18th of the -whole revea:ue. One stroke of the pen has done away with this part of the revenue without substitutingaAnything for it, and if aTurkish Minister of Finance ever thought about his futare, budget he would be rather in a difficulty how to supply the deficiericy.. Until a law has been made regulating the enlistment of the . Christians the %latter have neither io give soldiers nor an equivalent inmoney.- It is hieflyto remove this anomaly that the Ministry was. in such haste to. appoint the non -Mahomedan mes'revs of the SRate Coon-cil. A commission of the Tanzinat, the Coumcil charged with all projects of .new laws, has been named for the purpose, and several inembera of the Council of State have been added, the non-MIahomedans among the unumber. As might hava been expected, the matter does not advance so rapidly as 'would be desirable. The difficulty seems chieflyto arisefrom ithedifference of views laongthe patriarchs and chiefi; of the different religious! corn- munities. The principle that part of the contingent' '6f troops should be given in7 7turd, and thatfor the other an equivalent in money should be paid, seems tolerably settled, but the -qnestion is what part shoold be given in one ancl what part in the other ,way, which of coutrse makes a great difference, as the communities differ widely from each other,. not onlyinnuuaberstaut like-ise k eslth. Thelast 'I' heard was, that one-half would be the proportion. |Another question is that about the equivalent to be paid. As buying off from militaryservice is very * Yittle in use in Turkey, the- rich having usually interest enough to get of[ without payinu, the article recrnit is rather expenwive and variable in price. 6,000 piastres have been prop6sed in this iespect, which Would be just the prc;portion. For instance .-Take the Catholic-Armenian community of Constantinople, which numbers 40,000 grown-u:p males. These, on an average of 20 piastres a-head, have to pay about 800,000 piastres. They would have togive-annually 180 recruits. Now, taking that half of therm -woud be given in natarA, the other half in money, at 5,000 pitstres a-head it would make 450,000 piashes, or about half of the present Idharadj. You may image'with what interest tho nonMahomedan subjects, above all the lower classes, residing at Constantinople follow the discussions on a subject so- closely coucerning them, but you can scarcely imagine with what horror they contemplate the chances of being enrolled, for they have no means of purhasng their discharge, If they had them not a single ruan would remain. They know, moreover, that. if, as is probable, the managemenit of the enlistment is, eft to the chiefs of the communities the lot is most likely to fall on the poor. Iassure you they! do not bless those who thus raised them to be the defenders of their country. * But perhaps greater than the difficulties about .the mode of enlistment will be those about the distribution of the Christian recruits. Forming them into separate regiments, undar Chitian officers, seems out of the question: not only are there no Christians competenit to be officers, but, however low the standard of the present officers of the army maybe, there is agrda;bdifference betwveen them and people who have no iclea at all of soldiering. Besides this, however, the formation of distinct Christian regime-ts 'would apset the whole present system of the army. -In an empire composed of so ,many heterogeneous parts the principle adopted was from the beginning to mix up the recruits of the different provinces, so into break up all connexion betveen those of the-same province, and to have no other bond in the whole army than that of a common discipline. Onitlie other hand collisions can scarcely be avoided, if Christians and Mahomedans are mixed up in the same regiment. Ead the Christians accepted the law af enlistment vwlich -was proposed to them during the war, before there was an idea of the Hatti-Hutmayoun, this feeling would have been easily overcame, and a companionship in anms would, have soon broken down all prejudices on both sides; but it will be more difficullt nv, whenL it will be barrack instead of camp life. It is a usual complaint of foreigners that you find everything at this place but just what you want. This is as true in- great as in small things. It seems scarcoly credible that a place like Constantinople, with the, finest harbour in the vworld, and with thousands of ships comiand nd going, has I not a single dock where the slightest repairs can be made, and that i case of accidents the shipa are obliged to look out somewhere in the Mediterranean to fid a place. . This is the more surpising, as an undertking of that 31n is aMne' | to pay. The new impulse which the investment of European, especially English, capital has received since -he treaty seems 'likely to supply hais want. A company has been formed, with MIessrs. Canard and 'rIvor at its head, for the construction of a dock, with patent slips, somewhere on the Bosphorus. MIr. Barkley, the engineerof the Heraclea coalmines, has been corxrmissioned to find a suitable place and mtake the necessary arrangements. He has chosen Beicos Eay as the site of the ciock; it is easily accessible andwell protectedfromeverywind. As the company wishes for no excluaive privilege there can be no difficulty about obtainig permission from the Porte to confer such a beon on the capitaL PW3;SSIA^.- (-our 0uG Othi Co conxsrODENTr.) BERLIN, JuL. 7. 'A few weeks back the London igazet notified the nomination of Mr. W. L. Hertslet, till then our Vice-Consul at Memel, to be Consul at Konigsberg, ekce J. D. Brockmann. This was a right step taken by our Government towa'3ds the improvement of our consular arrangements' on the continent. The post of English Consul at Cologne, vacant by the recall of Mr. Curtis, has, on the other h-aud, been filled up bg a gentleman whose - name, Theodore -Lebrecht. V024. would. seem to procl*imn him a foreigner by birth. It is true that, according to the requirements; of the Prussian Government, any foreign. 'Consul appointed to a Prussian fortress must, if he be not so Already,- irmmediately become a P abjct. Thiz ,de'not, however,:preclude the pomsibility and desirablenes of appointing Englishmen to these consular posts, seeing that their compulsory allegiance to the PIruLs- sian Crown, and anmenability to PDrussian laws, in' no way interfere, with the honest performance of their consular. duties, in conformity with their in-, structions;- and: thew natuialization in- Prussia in no way prevents their return to t,heir former nile-| gance wzhen they return toEngland.. This forejon allegiance of. an English Consul in Prussia isa: necessary forimality, which, in no degree ijures, the efflciency oan upright andl intelligent official, while it, on the other hand, introduces 1ini within .the pale of the very cieles from 'which he alone can de. rive the information he is expected to afo'rd to his Govermnent. The main point is to have English- mesn at these poEts born and bred in Euglan, {or theV sake of thet qualities on which we pride ourselves as being inherent in the natio2ial character. - 'At the ciose of a debate t,n our consular establisRi-j iaents i the House of Commons in the first half of April last Lord Palberston mentioned that a, cocm- mittee was intrusted with the collection and diges-'] tion of information connect3d with this matter, andc that the result of its labours would form the subject of a bill to 'be introduced for the reform of these establiWmezits next-year.. With reference, to thelabours of this committee- I venture to offer. you some remarks -connected with, the 'con. iular arrangements in this- country. The' debMet l in question tnn-ed for the most part uipon the-bcsi; methods o-f obfiainig efflcient men for consulm r l pot.s, viz.-suffieient. emoluiment; so ai to induce X persons to enter tho service; and preparatory esmi-- nation, s'ao as to 'secure- t}ie candJidates posseng' the necessary degree of 'information. But nothing was saia at alP-as;to the lieet- distribution of thwe; JfotcesF when, gained, fo.rjheconsuflar service,. or_,o.f the attributes and functions to be intrust'ddto them: it is to thb tiwo Iatter`points nmore particulsrly that I ivish to direct sttention.-- Great Britain mintains in this country one coisulgeneral-at Dantsie, dne: consdl at Cologne, five vice-. consuli at)Dantsic, Kouig8berg, Memel, Pillau; and Stettin, and. one consWar agent at Swinemfinde. The only.principle that seems to have obtained with any- degree of 'consistency in durappointment of eonauls in this country ana others seems to be that of sendingthem-to ?eaportb,as though the shipiping interest was the only one to be cared for, and the reat of H3er Majesty's subjects, travelling or residing abroad, were not, worth protection or assistance.: There are, however, just instanceds enough of-consuls being appoint6d. to inland places, such as lpaie, and Frankfort-on-the-Maine, to show that- trade. in -general is nevertheless looked .pon - by our .Government as. having in ome . measure a chiini 'to notice. The state of tlings, however, :which made seaports and the towns where the great commercial fairs of the middle ages were held the only suitable places for donsulste reside at, has long since psed away; and inthis country, perhaps, more so than in others, the capital has become the spot at which British interlets,commercial and ocial, most require assistance and protection: it is here in Berlin that it is imperative on our Government to station a highly intelligent and aetive consul-general for Prussia. Noteonly is thistown the seat of Government, of the courts of paw, and- of the Board of Customs, but, from being also the focus at wrhich all the railways of the lgdonm concentrate, it is also thehandiestspot from which to reach anypart of Prussia; so that even with regard to our' trade at the ports the appoiutment of a consularperson inthis capital would be the most efficient means for watching over the due performance of the&consular service there. But, furthermore, this town c6nAafis more English residents and more English capital than all the seaports put together. AIore travellers pass through here, more men arrve here for the prosecution of important ends of private or public interest, than visit all the seaports put together. It is evident that if we station bur consul-general in Dantsic, where there is also a vice-consul, one of the two must be superfluous there, assiuning that both of them are efficient officers. Instead of being located at that seaport, at one end of the monarchy, our consulgearaL ought to be stationed here, halfway between the. efremities, where he has every facility for reaching not only 'the ports but any other-part of the'k;ingdom whereBritish subjects or interest3 may stand in need of official intervention. The Zollverein is just: now approaching a crisis which. will lead to. great alterations, and not irpossibly to a rupture between 'the liberal northern ana the protective southern States of Germanv. Prssia is the State that is empowered to negotiaie 'with foreign nations in the name of the Zollverein, and it is in Berlin that the main business of the Zollverein is transacted, and the repartition of the revenues, the preparation of new measures to be introduced at the conaerences, and the conduct of the business in general are carried on; Prussia forming nearly halR of the whole ZoYWerein. Prussia already,. three years ago, took a step indicating the course the Zollverein ought in future to. follow, viz., in the union it formed with the Steuerverein of Hanover, &c.. and this will enable it on an early occasion to strive with a better degree of success for the introduction of a more liberal tariff. 'As the moment of this crisis and struggle approaches the necessity of a representative of British commercial and manufacturing interest beingresident hereat head-quarters, and perfectly conversant with these fiscal maatters, becomes more and more evident.; The attainment of an advantageous treaty of comm'erce -ith 40,000,000 of consumers for our products'is an object of too great importance to be left again, after the experience we have had of the treatment such questions meet with from diplomatic hands, to the care of our diplomatic representatives, who have quite enough to do with matters that they understand. : The: highly important -question of a uniform standard of witeightaundcoi3ae is just now approaching solution in Germany, and the interest that such asubjectmusthave for us has been evidencedby the application made by'the "International Coin' mittee fottai ingunitoreiityolweights, measures, andcoiag,'- tht atey ~at atPars;requesting * the present Coinage Conference at Vienna to communicate to. the Internatioal Committee any resolution it ,niOht he about to take, so that, if possible,. England and France might join it.' But this will he - at 'the best. a cogni,zance >rpo'st Jfaeto of the convictions that the X members of the- cnference shall have arrived at, while the. exertions bf an efficient. man here in Gemany -wowld contribute very much d Priori to those members attaining convictions consonant with our interests. Within the last few days the- monetarv world of Berlini has iucceeded' by ian extensive union of its forces, and -by, a -thorough conviction of the injurious,effects.'of the Gdovernment policy of keeping it in leading- stiings -In brealing through the restraints that: "resttiction, repression, and rei6ti6n," which. constitute the innermost soul of tlis lniEtry; have hitherto imposed on it; and Berlin1 will, in a'very 'short'-space of time, take np'a respectable'place among tEe fnancial and industrial money-markets of Europe. - The measures taken by the Govcrnment with reference to currency and bank matters have hitherto prevented the pecuniary means -which really exist here from being applied .exteusively to'trade and mabufactures, while the great majority of the people Inow no better way.of employing their accumulations of savings than by purchasuinr into the funds, or their retentionl at bome under lock and key. The. capital-that has in the meantimne thirsted for employment has been driven to found some half-dozen bank^s in the nieighbouring States, having each of[them a branch office here under the name and control of some existing banker, .which, provides them with a vent for the paper they issue elsevhere, -without any control or turveillance beng exercised over their issues by their Government; now, however, within the last fear days 'aUl the! rmost respectable and opulent bankers of Berlin. have entered into a eo2sniandite,:partiership,l or partnership- with limited liability, to, carry on a large banking business that wlrl supersede any necessity of a Credit Mhobilier_ or Foncier, under th6 title of " Berliner Handelsge3ellsDhaft," three of the partners composai,gthe aeti6 firm, a nd the others being sleeping partners, but constituting. aii administrative board.. The -capital is to'-be 15,00,O0 thalers. The first iisue of shares takesplace at a premium of 10 per cent., but this.agio, as well as. any.further premium attained. in subsequent issues, goes'to the pIrofit uand- loss aecunt of the general concern, atid not -of individuals. Another association of -the same; kind, under the name of "Berliner -Enkverein" las. also beenx formed subsequently-to. the, abov3-mentionedir with 'a similar. capital of 16,O00,b*' tlialers,_but with less attractive names anol'g, thb - failiais, - an,c with the obligatidn 'of psying into the -gneial fund o'iIy i per ccnt.-of auy pre tiiatfained. - The 100 thaler shares of the ,forner are quoted t 113, those of the latter at 103. In the eo,urse of next year 'there will be a rbunion oi delegates from all bdies of Evangelical Christians tbrouElidut 'the- brlb. assembled here in Berlin, at theLcall'of the Evanuelical AIliance, which has been etop4itnred alid invited to do so by the -ing -of Prussia; the? Berlin committee of . this association fzr.the s.pread- of religious .toleration and: Christian *brothely love is- branch of the great Evmgelical 3liauin eoordimaite vrithith .ose of Paris amid iondon. The B3riin-branch hqwever, enjoys this advantage -o0r-timh- bthers, that while- in France the Evahgblical: :Preteatants are a seict that the -m'ikrcr cannot--:be.-- otherwise. than opposed :b,' lhd-in TglAnd f6rm a. party in and out.:ofthe Chirc4 that- the Queen, as, head of ,the' huorch, ca-not be expectled to countenance, tihe pi-in'ciples offthe BvanaelicalAlliance are precisely thoso'which: find 'sin tho Kiie -of Prussia the most eAmoit and:zealoug champioln. When it is recl-o ldted tht PiV ia, :by: no means' a powerful Stato, t6ok the initiative in founding a Protestant bishopric atJeirus,IemA,hans long, had a cisipelq,hospital, and tuiial-giouand at .Centantinople, and a chapel' and 4,itafk on,thie Capitoi at' ltonie iYnis beardiiig IMoslemnism atid'Oatholizmn: in their strXngholdmi, 'ilis-c.ertaiu that all Prote&tints-in Englanad, 11 -:e desirous of r,a,wing Atil .closer th ties-that bind us tO ta mealous chaxppon gf Pr6tstaut CiStiait- A few.yershlence. also '*ill fnd t :voRoyat i hes -unite'd 'by narriage' and all. the formei 3 uvemrs will be-i eefresidd-hers-t at attach'to the xA!emory of Sophiaf Charliotte, tho Princesz oP thr,] Lanol,rn e, -in.xd comisort. oi the lirt King'of. 3russi.a,FreSderic,k I,..Thi3,Queen,-w,hose- prs9nal *and mte7Ifectua1 q,uaihties seeo - to have' been far above',theleavel 'of those ayiy;''r e'q i ousswn;i- of the English Pxincens; and it isnotforgotten that her'grandson,Frederick the CGreat, drew downuPoL him his father's displeasure chiefly by his deternunation also to iarryan-English Pinceso, Amelia, the daughter of George IH. From the time of Queen Sophia Charlotte till now the reltions betwreen, England and Prussia hava always become gridnjly more and Diore intimate, and will apprently in a few years ettain the clusest intimacythatmatr.'uno- nial-connexion, similarity of religion, and conmner-I ial interes can conpire to produce. To further this intimacy and secure to ourselves the advanta that may fairly be derived from it there can be no] better measures contrived than to appoint an intelligent, active, well-informed nman, of whom we already possess neaIly half a dozen in the consular service, to reside as consul-general in Berlin. The suggestionbthat a British consulate-general should be erected in Berlin wi possibly bemet bytheobjection,that we have already a mission there; the objection would be somewhat plausible. We want a consulate here, not only in spite ol o'ur baving a mission nere, but even because we have one; the existence ofthe latter makes the want of theformer doubly felt. This I will enleavour to show in another letter: at present I will only add another word about the distribution of our consular force in the country. Wbenever the General Consulate is -zemoved fomi the out-of-the-way port of Danisic to the capital the foImner should have a consul appointed to reside there, instead of, as at present, a vice-consul. As the chief port of the Baltic, and itat at which -we shipaUl ourimports of Polish grain and Baltic timber, it has a clams to this. In the same way Stettin,, at which we discharge al the goodsvwe export direct to Prussia, should be raised. to a consulate, which wrould only be commensurate writh the importance of the place, and the amount of business we transact with it. On the other hanld, it i diMicult to understand what we can want with a vice-consl at Konigsberg* and another at PiUau, the latter being only the port of the former, and distant irom itonly a few miles. if Konigsberg be retained as the seat of a vice-consulate, or consulate. on account of its importance as a fortress on the high road to the Bussian Baltic provinces, the post at Philau should be abolished altogether, or put upon the same footing as that at Swinemunde, where we have only a consular agent. The foreign consuls in Denmarl] reside at Copenhagen in the winter, but move to -Esinore in the spring as soon as the navigation opens. Could not the same course be adopted by the consul at Konigsberg ? * Tbis vice.consuImte seems to hase beeu raised into a oenscate en occasiou of the appointment of 7r. Bertaer.
IXROAMASTErS' QUARTEBZY ME2TNGS. >BltMIR GH ,A THasvmrA.Y. Tdhie prndl2fleetng of the ironmasters of South Staf- WorcestDrshire was held in the Townhal this afternoon. The atteendance, lthongh rot so mlnerox as expected, comprised represenatives of tne principal Sfras of the district, and many persons connected with tho 'trade were present from Liverpool, Bristol, Shrojshire, and South Walea Tho tone of the market was decioedily firmet than at Wo'sverbampton yesberday, and, as a matter of consequence, prices were steadily maintaineL. Eirs class bars satood at 94. and hsoops at 104. per ton, but the orders received were understood J1Ot to be e2;tensive, an consequence of the falling-off which hrs taken place in shipbuilding the demand for plates nd sheets was said to be liit I lt wa reported that within thee sew days considerable orders have been received from the United States, and commission agents -from Liverpool present. spoke encouragingly of the fature. The steadinesswith which the quotations of last quArter are supported gave satisfaction to merchants, who attribute a great deal od the slackness which prevailed threa or four weeks ago to uncertainty m s to the prices which would role a during the ensupg. .i doubt upon this sabject are now, 'at least for the present, removed, and a good export trade is anticipateda The frst makers declare that frst-rate finished iron cannot be produced under 9. without a reduction of wages, and this is a course it would be impolitic to pursue, to meet foreign competition, at this season of the year. 'The- -men are apparently contented with present rates 'of remuneration; but a reduction would in all prebahility be followed by an immediate "strike." There wzas]ittle doing in pi-iron*; purcbasers hold offfor a reduction, but the.mkers havc only smalL stocks on hand, and seem little inclined to meet the views of - castomers. Some inferior qualities may be bought under trade quotations, but best makes are firm at fair ramunerative prices. The Shropshire makers were said to befull of orders, and some of them careless atbout entering, into further contracts for supplies. - - - 'The demand for finished iron in the home-market, although not excesive, 'is stiJ,-notwithstanding the paucity cf great public work!s now on hand, gradually improving. For th6 exrious foundries of the kingdom there is a better call, and for rods, more particularly, requirements are on tbe increase. 7'rom the mineral districts it was reported that, with the' exception of coals, native raw materials were not in abun-- dance, and that proprietors continue to exact high chargDes. Ironstone is from lSs. to 19s. pser ton, and, were it not for importations from t'ne norh, best stone would be still dearer. it -was satisfactory to observe in the meeting to-day several persons who two years ago were victims to the speculationandrecklesstrading which at that period andjust previously rai' riot in Bouth Staffordshire. Old shortcomings seemed to have- been forgotten, and, from appearances, to them prospects were as bright as when in the heydayoftheirpastprosperity.___ _
'HE GCIM SERVICE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. sirn-May I recall to yeur readers the case of the civil servants of the Crown? It is nnnecessary to enter into the history of their claim, already discussed in your columns, for a re-adjustment of the system regulating the grant of retiring pensions. My object is simply, in a few words, to call public attention to the manner in which that claim has been met by HerMajesty's Government. At the commrencement, of last session the Chancellor of the Exchequer pronised a measure for ameliorating the position of civil servants in respect to superannuation allowances. By delays and adjournments the session passed by, znl the measure was postponed to 1856. A scheme was then brought forward by the Government, which, being considered unsatisfactory and unjust by the su,pporters of the civil service claims, was referred to a select committee. The committee was as unsatisfactory as the bilL The result has been the production of another bill, infinitely more unjust than that already rejected by the whole feeling of the House. It reduces the rate of pensions, and, under the gnise of entirely abolishing the superannuationtax, authorizes the Treasury to revise, or, in other words, to diminish, salaries as an equivalent for the remission of the yearly contribution. ,This bill, containing other obnoxions clauses,isto be smuggled through the House a fortnight before prorogation. Thus undiscussed,a fin1aity measure is to be forcedon the civil service without benefit of clergy. It is useless to enter into the merits of this precious pro. jecL However hartlannd oppressive may be the worling of Be existing law, I am convinced that the whole of the civil service, united by a common danger, would prefer a further postponement of the question til next session iather than undergo so severe aloss-an undeserved puiishnient; the result of dilatoriness in fnanciers, disingenuounes isn e.x-First Lords, And petty sourneas in disap. pointedplazermen. I am.Sir.:vonr faithful servent. A PEKIN. I F iy 10. -. . . - . .
t'HE 2I'ATIO1VAL GALLERY. TO: VE EDITOR. OF THE TL2ES. .Sir,-If, as his Royal Highne sa?ince Albert in is leter to Lora Bllesmere affdis, the 'national usefulness" of public'xhibitions of works of art is "to be found in the educstionsl directionwhich maybe givene to such: scheraes, thn is the pln of exhibition adopted in -Trafigarsquare worse thin useless, and ailculated only to mislead and to impart a -falto direction to public taste. Day by day the fine collection, of pictureswhich once fannedr the nucleus for a Watiqual Galery is deteriorated by the introduciion of sipuous or i-mnped-up works of the lowest type of art, aud y4etera'ry I discovered thlt one more dilgpidated gem, a "irgin s14 Child," ascibed to Bellini, had been aded to ie-list of our."art trearess,for a sznall considerationnimely, ,050Z. ! It is stated iri an *ffici. report that this -pictuis,,"inperfet peservstion".yetIwil1 venture to aaert-andI chaUllenge public investigation into the correct. nessofimy s'asient-that it has been more extenaively diua over as d repainted than the Tagliapietra Veronese, purpcsee it is atterly worthlem .sT.he dimporbfimk n2ow.'attached to the chronologicsd I1meutof#etures:is adogma imported fronm Berlin, .where it hs beoivmade- a stalkishorse to cover official jo~bbig and incapacity, -^nd baa,been used as a pretext for exhibiting such a collection of Frno-Raffaeite daubs as in the sorld it -ir6iild ifob be easyto match- - WTILLIAM ICONIXGHA m p tr ruly $- 'I8. - i . nD t PuTrMt.-Adm4 rl P futtiani, 'who connmahded th4e Rdsiein squadon that dauded tlhe vigilance of ga~rcosrsJbin-the Ch34nese ,SeAs dozing tho lhte war, hia been created aiDnnt of the Rus.ian empife br iis Somreiga .fari ounduct an that oeccion.5 The-count, who inarri.d aj xingli1aay-some year silUce, i* shor expectd to I wiie bee ribi fmiE9on ia visit to the nlative. o23 the Icountein f rior to the brealdng' out of the wa they fre. .que.s.tjy ed;Tp. - orJtree of utc Suinwer months in this looutr to Twhich the adaiimal is uch attached.
STATZ OF TRADE. MANCLESTEE, JuLY 10. The market continues firr and a quiet but steady demand prevents any accumuiationa of stocls. NTarrow printing cloths and similar descriptions of other goods are mn equest, and sellers awe askdng rather higher rates in somecases There is a moderate demand also for light thirtings and madapollama se6itable to India, but the better cjrclities made for the markets of China do not go off so welL. In yarns stocks are small and prices steady. The fire wreather has given a better tone to the market, es-peci. aDly as regards the1 prospects of the home trade..
THE CORN TRADE. BlANOHSTrR- .Tm- fl- ilUritg the present week the weather hba been of unsettled cbarneter. muc rain having fallen at times accompanied with boisterens and cold winds, Which has imparted a tirmoer tone to the trade, causing a somewbhat better deninct for fIour at Iel'y the st' required on the Preceding arket-day.- In other articles no suterihi change has been apparent. from abroad the arrivals at Liverpwlo ar,. tolerbly fatr of wheat and -Indian corn, and liberal of flour; but from other sources the receipts continue exceedingly light. There was a fair attendance at our market this morning, but the -Weather proving very fine the trade, on the-whole, wanso an inactive character. English wheat was held for an advance of 2s, per quarter. ralch minurl refused to give : while Axmerican, being relatively cheaeper,sold to a moderate extent ats'd. per POlb. over the rAtes current on this day se'onight. Hlolders of deur weredim inrequiring an enhanecement of 1s per sack and 6d. per baorrel, hot buyers held'aloof. and very little bosisiess oceurred. Oath werein better request, and slightly dearer, an wiere clan Egyptian beans. In oatmleal there wr nos chan1,e. BI1tMUNGUAZ5 JuLY I-). At Glocesterand Worcester markets, on the 5th, wheat ruled dull, lntloer pf.ces swere not generally rubmtttei to. arley scarce, an rally an Lear. On oasts the turn w as in favosur of the seller. Bea3s ls. ipl2s. per quarter lowrer. )ur.ng the prevent wek tbe sales reported in wheat are at an Smovem tin alneof folly2s.per quarter. Barley still tending upwrardLs; 2and 6d quartera&dvanceis derannded oUoani, BeaDS offering at w declieseo ta pier quartwer without Sndiug buyers. At this day's m3arket there ws a shots supply of wheat, and we Yass our quu:a-iosis>. per quarter. Barley aigain Is. per quarter bigher. OL'sunalre- Lower prices wouldhavebeenaccepedfor -gypvian beans f there wvere buyers. GLASGOW, JDLY 9. We have had mnuch rain and wind, and want summer weather yet: Nbis day still looks threatenrDg. Coastr-:Ee the supplies coutiue unimporlant;fromIrelendtheywere aiiderate o. oats, oatmeal, and fsur; from abroad, by the Clyde, they 'embraued 1, 140 qvarIes to wbeat from Sym; ,S43 qusrters of wheat, 2,582 querters of peas, e,222 barrels of iour from New York; 1,085 barrels of tcur and l,312 quarters of Indian com from Montre3a; vna :Griugemouth, 2,56;4quar'ers of wheat, 116quarters of beans, 12 quatrs of Peas. aed 475 quarters of Indian corn from the continent. Buadnews was slack during the week, at about the previous cur. beney. This dayfs market ntbinly attended. 'Wiesat was held rather dearer, which checlied its sale; barle,s grindingeair audoanteeal wuthou material cange; feedingoats ingood demrruad apd t'a e turn higher; u ears sndpeasulalteeed. Flour in lar rtttnset. at late rates. GBOIISTEOIa JULY 10. At the commencement of the week we had heavg rains, accompan'ied yghewinds; treday tse athr fs wne and warm, with pa rising baomereriefculytd.mol.prure.BresZren . A feteeupplyof Euglishwheat metaslow sale, r.tbaeely Iaitweek's rates; good freshS foreign, on the centrary, reahired ls, to 2s, per quarter advance, but stale wheats continue neglected. Bar:ey, oats, audhbenas unaxaied inatusa or demnand. GLOCBSTBIt, JuL^y 10. Our mark-etremaIn steady for Sine wheat: infeolor parcelsr are Offered ineffeclnriy at a decline of Is. per quarter, Barley scarce and fally as dear. Beans rather cheaper. Oats being in short Eupply ralatain previous currencies.
TsH CA nDo2eN CAN .-The 51st Reporb of -tbe Commissioners for rnaking and maintaining the Caledonisn Canal has been published by order of the House of Commons. The wmiter of 1855-56 has passed without any -remarkable variations of the weather, and, the long prevalence of easterly winds having prevented the sua fall of rain, the level of the lakes hcs been singularly equable, while they have alwso been unaffected by' frost. No interraption to the navigation has taken llace, nor any casualty 'to the works, which are in their usual good condition.. The state of the canal revenue mast be viewed as encomu-agin" the war with -Russia, though greatly interfering witih the Baltiz trade, has not prevented a positive increase in the number of foreign vessels resorting to the canal. The uaprecedented revalence of easterly winds, continuig almost -thaou ghout the month of May, has enabled the lrger elaas of vemelsto avoid-the eanal, and makethenorth-abont voyage, the direction from east to west bei;ng that in which it is ordinarily attended with the greatest difficulty, and being, consequently, the couse of the great majority of the large -hips wihen resort to the caaaL The. same cause has diminished the towage rates, which are mainly derived from vessels of this elss, whila it increases the apparent e*pendi. ture under the head of "pilotage," a requistee for large vessels going through with a fair wind.- This is, however m 4b1x a by a reon thevessel inauded inthetowwae sdrnes. The income for tha year ending May 7,- l&56 'amountecI to 6,499l;, and the expenditure to G,5 , how iog an ecers of payments amounting tWY]!. i
I - RAILWAY AND MZNING aSHARE& - Thursday ECalng. The. railway-market has. been steady, with an average amount of business. Quotations generally have exhibited little alteration, but they were carcely so well maintained' in the later hours. Indian des ription w-re'rathei higher, th5ugh the iransactions were not important. French and Belgiau experienced no material change. A'wtralian Agricultural showed heavinessc and the last quotation was 28 to 30. In miscellaneous shares the operations were not extensive, but prices continue to be supported. National Discount shares were better, and left off 11 to f nm. ; Ottoman Bank were last quoted 3- to j pm.; Bank of Egypt, 1to i pm.; Western of London, 11 to 21 pm.; Euphrates V tBen7al it pm.; Ceylon, 1V to t p ;Metropolitan, t to Ipm.; Lombardo. Venetitan,6 to. pm.; Bank of Switzerland, par to i pm.; Piga Railway, 4A to 5D pm. ; and Pernambuco, 14 to i pm. O]tDINY 5HAaES A2D STOCKS.
RAILWAY ZITiPLLIGENCE. I 'WAThZFPWOPT A1hTri T%T1xTalAPrA,XT A public meeting of ratepayers was held on Monday at Dungarvan, to consider the propriety of sanctioning a guarantee of 4 per cent., to induce capitalists to make a railway to that town; Sir J. Xensc in the chair. fr. TARPtATsubmitted two plans for railway communication to Dangarvan, one frors the Waterford and Limerick Railv,ay at Clonmel, to Dungarvan, 29 miles in length, the steepest gradient on which wuld be 1 in 80 for a distance of 2. riles. There wonld also be a branch or extension to tho Black-water. The cost of the 14 miles from Clonmel to the halfway-bouse would be 104,782., or 7,4M31. per mile, and from the latter place to Dangarvan. 15 miles, the cost would be 67,7141., or 4,4401. per mile, making together 172,4971., and adding 10 per cent. for contingencies would be 189,747!. for as single line of railway, havir.g sidings and a double line at passing places. The cost of rolling stock was not included in the estimates. The other line to Dongarvan was proposed to commence on the Waterford and Tramnore Railway, at a point abont twvo and a-half miles from the Waterford station of that line passing through the Valley of Bally. duff, by Ballyvoile where there would be a gradient of 1 in 80 for a distance of three miles. The terminus at Dungarvan would be the same as that for the other line. The len, h of the line from the junction with the Water.- ford and Tramore Railway would be 281 miles, and the cost of construction would be 191,504., incliuding 10 per cent. for contingencies, or 6,7781. per mile. It was intended to extend this line to the river Sair. The length of the line from the river Snir to the Blackcwater would be about 41 miles, which, at 6,0001. per mile, would cost 249,000& The interest at 4 per cent. on that sum would amount to 9,8407. per annum for the county to gazirantee; but, as the traffic would produce 71. per mile per wveek, a gross revenue of 15,0001. per annum might be expected, which, at 50 per cent, for working expenses, would yield 7,5001., and leave only 2,3401. to be provided by the coant-v; and, as that sum would he spread over a rent value of 200,0001. a-year, the taxation would not exceed 2,id. in the pound on the district to be benefited by the rai.way. That amount would be further reduced by having the cost of maintaining the leading lines of road considerably diminished in consequence of the railway taking the greater part of the traffic. A IODg discusion ensued, in which Lord STUAuT DE DEC}ES, tbe Earl of Hsrx'r DON, Sir N. HUSiBLZ Mr. J. FISIEsm, Sir R. MUsGRtVE, Mr. DsuAHsmvy, and other gentlemen took part The great advantages of railway communication in the county were strongly urged, the utility and policy of granting a guarantee of 4 per cent. on a fixed sum by the county were exnlained, and that it 'woulE practically amount to a small libility for a few years only. The guarantee of the county of Galway on the extension line to Galway was upon 10,000l. a.mile, and that had prasctically ceased at the end of two years from the openi.g of .the line; the guarantee of the. county of Kesry on the E.illarney Junction line was stated to have been reiinquished in a short time after the opening of the railway. The feeling of the meeting appeared to be in favour of the line' from Waterford to Dungarvan. Resolutions were passed recommending the grand jury to take the necessary steps at the next assises for securing railway communication in the countyr, by sanctioning a guarantee on either of the two lines ias lestion, notexceeding 4 per cent, per annum on an expenditure of 6,000'. a-mile. A, vote of thanks to the chairn concluded the proceedings. TRACI BETURNS. MLiles PAT- Mes- Totl otal Rlaiwail open. eage chandise. 1856.. 15. Week ending June is.  Aberdeen and Ecottish 31id- land Junction .. .. 115 .. .. 3,361 ..M3,439 'Week ending June 29. Bristol and Exeter .. .. 17 .. - . _ .. 7,239 .. 6.702 London,Tilbuzy,audSEouth. end Extension .. .. - .. 1,'S3 .. 267 .. 2,055 .. 1,374 Londonderry and Coleraine 36 . 315 .. 82 .. 397 .. 299 Week endingJuly5. North-EAstern .. .. 703} .. - .. 00 320 .. 33,515 Et Angltu .- ..-. -. - S35 539 IcnlouderryandEuniskillen60 . 348 357 735 616 Great Soutnem andWestern (Ireland) .. .. .. 20 -. - . 7,710 . 6,819 SEambre and Sleuse .. .. 68 2- .. - .. 3250 .. 1264 Watesford and lImerick 77 - .. - .. 1,185 .. 925 Kiarney Junction .. .. 41 .. - . _ . 423 293 Waterford audRilkenny -. 31 - . - . 336 3 02 IrishSonth-Eastern -. 25 - .. - .. 305 .. 230 Week ending JaTy 6. Midland 4931.. - .. - .. 30,374 .. 27,867 .reat Western .. .. _ .. - . . - . 29,968 ... 26,060 Castem Counties, Norfolk, andEaStero Union .. 417 _. - .. _ .. 25,232 . 24.917 zwocaashlreandYorkshire 2SQ. - -.. ...24,898 .. 21,S70 tlanrhester,-Ehefield, and Lnceinfilir ,. .. 173; ., - ,, _ .. 10,006 9.171 Cheeterand`lolyhead . - . . - . 7.133 5.S41 lEat Lancashire .. .. 93 . - . - 6.857 MU5.43 Xorth British .... .. 149 ..2,453 2,735 5,183 5,326 OsfordlVorcester.andWol. verbasapton . 9 .. 2,513 .. 1,873 ...386 .. 3,641 Midland Great Westerc fire- 1lan11,. .. .. .. - .. -4.. - .. ,028 ..3,209 londonandBlackwall 1... .. 1,695 75 .. 1770 .. 1,792 Dublin and Drobheda 63 .. - .. - . . 1,602 .. 1,702 Newsozt, Abergaveeny, and eird . .. 40 - .. - .. 1,053 .. 780 8hrep3hireUnion' .. -. 2.9 - - 775 . 970 Aclrerp and Rtotterdm -- - .. 581 275 86 . 8352 lanedalk and IBaisldlinn . - 35 .. - . . - 473 271 DalbliniandBelfastJunctionM 86.. - - 1,139 1,074 'This amount includes the I verpooI, Ore, aod Soutt ktaf whie isnmet included in the corresedlng peried. t Indnding halif of the l6aeshesier, See Jnruntl, a&LY Aitdneba ,eoe'op irirfnsey Docke duties. S c. and Cheeterdeld lausia rasslok 8 Tisarelpte for merchandise tradlo -re publi,Ssed after ddaedtl5g weeklp the balane onL the sandl.vespool Canal leaseacoen5,t
WRITS 4op kRRa-k HROUSE, OF LOkThcR. Thr,.- 10. SCOTT V. A:VRV.' In this case, which was a writ of eror'brought to reverse s judgment of the Court of Exchequer Chamber, reversing a decison of the Court of Exchequer, the Lord Chancellor delivered judgment. The case came before the Court of Exchequer on demaurrer to four pleas in an action brought by the plaintiff on three policies of insurance efecte;d on the ship Alexan, der, which were underwritten by the defendaat. It appeared that both the la l and the deFendant were mecaers of three muntui insurance associations-namely, the Newcastle General Al Assurance Asociation, the Tynemouth Al 1Assurance Asociation, and the OceanInsurance A&uociation. Thedeclaration tate4the fact of thepolicy of insurancohavingbeen made beteen the plantifand the defendant and other mnembers of the asociation, and after setting out the policy alleged thit i as mutually agreed that all the rues and reglationof the said associa tion should be binding upor the assured and asusrers, as if they, were inserted intho policy andformed part thereof. The rules and regultions,.EO farais they were material to the plaintiff's claim, were as foUor-"'That any member whoshaiproveto the commnittee of the association that his ship is lost will be entitled (at 'the expiration of twro months from the date of the fifst quarterly settlement2 o part payment of the same, hut n no case to ex- eted 8 per oent, on the sum insured until a final account of th roceeds of the sale 'of the materials is furnished to the un erwriters. That the sum to be paid by this association to any suffering member for any loss or damage Sha, in the first instance, be ascertained and settled by the com mittee, and the suffering, member, if he agrees to accept such sumin free satisfaction of 'his claim, sall be entitlied to AcmAnd and sue for the same as soon as the amount to be pid has been so ascertsined and settled, but 'uotbeforei which can only be cLaimed according to the customasymode of payment u terss by thesocietyo' It then allegTd wthe perfonance by the painotiff of his contract .the lOSs of the ship, and: that the defendant and the comointteeidese to ascetain the 16ss- and pay it, bus that theyhad not done so. There were similar counts aganms the tso other ation The defendat's plea as that the plaintiffhad not compnled with the rules of the asouciation, which compelled members to refer matters fnamountein dispute to rbitration, and is refusal to do so -had caused the non settlement of }is cd im. The plaintiff demurred to the plea on the groued that ithas bad in law c and that a eomphance with the cogulations of the association was not a condition precedent to his 'brining an ction, which accrued on the policy on the less of the vessel, and that the rules in question were indonsistent with the policy; ba therefore void On the other hand, the defendant conw tended thatthe coutractbfth the conditions included W3a an Xabsolute contract, and ought to prevail,tunless contrary t law, which it was urged it was not. The Court of Et. chequier gave judgment on the demurrer for the plaintiE holding that ttheplea was bad, and that judgmenthaving been reversed by the Exchequer Chamber, the present writ e f error ws brought before their Lordshipe, who heard the arguments, the learned Judges being in attendance At the conclusion of the arguments, the lord Chaucelor put the folYlowing question to the learned Judges for their consi- deration-namely, hether, looking at the record in thi's case, judgment should he entr for the plaintiff in error or the defendant in error. The learned Judges, after having takren time to consider the question, difered in their opinions, the maiority, however, being in favour of the affirmation of the judgmentbof the Cour of }xchequer Chamber. The LoBD CHtSCEreOt nows, in giving jdgment, said the writ of error inthis case hdbeen brougm t ipon a decision of the Court of Exchequer Chamber inan action brought upon apoicyof isufrance thich bLd been nnderwritten by the defendant. The only materi l plea was the fifth, setting forth one of the rules of the association, which was thnat, if any difference should arise among the members, the member dissatisfied should select ani arbitrator, and if the committee were not satisfed with the person appointed they should select another arbitrator, and these two should select a thierd, who was to determine the matters in dipnute andtheosum tobeawarded, and t that no aCtiOn shoula be b0ought until such arbitration had taben pLace. The Court af Et.chequer decided tha the plea wvas bad, and was no ansoer do the action. That decision was reversed by the Court of Exchequer Chamber, and the latter judgment was now brought before their Lordships' Hrouse. dteappesed to him merely a matter of the constraction t, be put upon the holicy itself, for there waols no doubt than persons could nottby contract ous the Court of its oardinary turiadiction That point had been decided in many casae, ft there was no ptinciple of law vhich prev nted partSes from entering into any contract thact no right of action should accrue unt after a reference had been made to ain arbitrator. If he (the lord Chlalcellor) covenanted with A not to do as part'icular. act, and it was sgeed betw een them that any question which nsight arise should be decdeed by an arbitrator without bringing an actionr then a plea to that 'effect wvould be no bar to an action; but if they agered that er S was to award the amount of damages to be recoverable at l-w, then if sucharbitration did not take place no etion couldbe brought. ow, in the present case did any right of action accrue 'un.ii the amoeut of damage had been ascertaintd by arbitration ? He thought clearly not; the condition precci dent to the right of a member bringi,g an action for the recovery of his insurance was that the amount of the sumt wes to be ascertained by arbitration, and byno other means Itbamd beeyn urged that there were other matters than the amount of daoages forpthe arbitratmr to decides but he did not thinrk that cltered the case at al, although the 'learned Judges had differed in 'their opinion. He was t'erefore of opinion that the judgo ent of the Court of Excheuer Cohamber, in reversing the judgment of the Court of Exchequer, was correct, and ihe ad therefore to move their Lordsaiip that the judgment of the Court beloc be affirmed. Lord CA?M1PBnL, said he had heard the cahe very fSly and ably argued at the har of the House, and nre had carefully road over the opinions of the learned Judges le had taken no part in the decisions in the courts below, and he came to the same opinion with his noble and learned friend on the woolsack, it appearing to himn that upon priniple anddithout overturning aniauthorities their Lord. ships ought to affirm the judtgrentof theCourt below Nonr, itappearedthim inthefirst place that the contracbeteen the shipowner and the uderwriter in the oresent case was quite cleaas clear as the English language could make it -hat no action should b bebrought agast the insurer until an arbitrator had disposed of any dispute which might arise between them. That was declared to be a condition preedent to the bringing of any action, and was no doubt the intention of the partis at the time. He (Lord Campbell) was of pinion thatthis embraced not onl anassessment of damsges, but any dispute which might arise betw een them That being the intenton of the parties, s the contract illegal ? lt was declared to be contrary to publc poLioy Tatewas rather a dangerous ground to goaupon. What pretence was there for saying that because this - sociation wished to avoid being distressed by continual actions, ad preaerred referringedsputes toa domestic and private tribunal among themselves, that they had no right to do sO. That wold be nost inexpedient, and v ould be a violation of the Eberty of the subject the could sene noill consequences, and he sawv great advantages from the practice Publi polcy,therefore, seenedkto require that thbe contract should be declared vaId he knewr that great obstacles had been thrown by the courts in the way of proceeding by arbitration, but, with all' respert to his learned predecessors, he would let their Lordships into the secret of their doingso There was no digusing the fact, a hich was that formerly the chief plart of the Judges' salaries depeunded upon fees, an there was a great desire therefore to have as much business as possible brought into Westminster.hall One description of procedure took causes into the Court of Queen's Bench, another into the Common Pleas, and a third into the ECxchequer, but arbitration took them out altogether and therefre robbed the Judges. Inathe presentcase, the arbitration not having taken place, the courts vere not oustee of their jurisdiction, for the cause of action did not accrue Wahile this case hadr been going on he was happy to say that the question had been substantially decided in the Court of Exchequrer during last ilary Term, in the ease of t lnron v u Overbary," reported in the 11th Exchequer Reports. pdTe 71p. That was an action on ae horserace. The plaintih who had contributed to the sweepstakes, Said hat his horse had won the rtace, and he brought his action against the stakeholder to recover the amount of thestakes; hutitwas a condition inted the era thath stewards shenuld deoide whos has entitled to the states. It turned out that the stewards had not decided, for they differed in their opinion Then he atteapted to usow that his horse had wvon the race, but the learned Judge presiding at the trial held that ho could not prove that, because, even if theharese had won, t.he action could no; be brought until the question had been decided by the stewards. It wvas The takcen before the Court of Exchequer, which derided that the ruling of the learned Judge as correct, and th nonsuit WaS confirnied. The present case was upon the samec principle, and he consideredi the decision he had just men' tioned as a strong authority, in point, and calculated to remove any scruples which their Lordahipe might have inl confirming the judgment of the Court of kchequer Chamber, which reversed the judgmnent of the Court ot Exzchequer. The Loan) Csstingu.Bon then stated that Lord Brougham who w as absent from illness, had requested him to state that he entirely concurred in-the opinion which hadijust been expressed by his noble and learned friend and himself glbh indgment of the Court of. Exchequer Chamber ws then affirmed with costs.
JUDICIAL COMMITTEE OF PBZVY COUNCIL, Thursday, July 10.. THALfq A.-ND RAItNY.-ADMISSION OF FURTHM PROOP wrnnlr flpTnpq- .-W . (BecforeMr. PEMBERTON LIGir, Sir EDwAIRLI RYAR, Sir. JOHN PATTESON, S&r JOHN DODxOo, and Sir W. IL W -ATIT The QUEEN's ADVOCATE having briefly replied in this case, Their LORDS11uS reserved their judgitent. T1HE ASPASIA.-LEAVE TO AXTEAL. The Moldavian brig A tsia, laden with 'heat, the pro. perty of Mr. Cirnara, of CoDstantinople. wbile in the prow cution of a voyage from Galatz tOon stninople, Leghorn, or Mseilles. was on the 25th of June, 1854, captured as T.rize by BerM&ajesty's steaioiship of war Firebrand, for * breach of the blockade of the Sulina mnsutl of the Danube; and sent to Constantinople. 8o011 -months after the arrival thereof the sbip and canrj lafoutaine, repre. sented to be the agent of the Britishb iet'at Constantinople, proposed or.tonsented to the rebii of- the property on_ah bond being given to pay over to hiis its valke in the event, of its being condemned a -pri , Noproceaings, it was said, to Adjudicate upon the brig and cargo were teken on bealf of 4the captme until tihe28th of September, 1S55, 15 mnonths after the capture, when * monition wAs ieued St theirsuit from the Admiralty Prize Court, served on the :Boial Exchange, and returned into court on-the 6th of N ovmber, on which day the propety Wam codemn cn jhe grossd that no claim lhad beeagiven for it. The naer of the cargo, r. CirIarnow aleged that heakw hothing whatever oi the proceedings in tla Court of Admirlty; that from the gest lapse- of time from the captoire h ne helievedtt no proceedings 'woud hetaLken for the parpoFa gf obtaining condemnatiou'either.of the ship orcaro - adthat the firsb intianaiion wrhich he had oti thaem was on the oocaion of Mr. Inglessi, theprty who had given bail for the argo, being called upon to aythe net proceeds of the ale-mamely, about the end of lay in the preentesr On these grounds their Lordsbips were asked for leae to prosecute an appel against the condeumation of the go. - Dr. Adda ad Dr. Twis: ppeared support of the pettion; the Queen`s Advocte ard tha Admiralty .dracate aganst it. 3!r. PEEMBXTOT LEIGH, in delivering the judgment of their lordship said thst, the sentence of condemnation having passed by default, their Lordships swere of opinion that it would be too hard to exclude the parties from all opportunity of bringing the real nierits of the case before -the Court. On the other hand, they were satisfied that they could not do justice to the captors 'without imposing some, perhaps, stringent limits on the flberty they should so give. The petitioner must paythe ots of this app)lication, intl givethusual security for the costs of the appeal. T4a appeal must he entered within three months. .~~~~~~~~~xe
LAW1 rEP ORT. I i COURT OF CELINCERY, THtUIMA, JULY 10. - -kTrERDURY V_ AVAT.TLq {Before tJe LoRDS TiJftsCF nf APPr.AT. I Their lorasiips delivered judgment in this appeal from a decisionofthe Master of the Rolls, which they partially 'varied. 'Mr. Baileyand Mr.W.D..Evans war,6 for theplainufi, l'r. Iloyd and Mr. Erskine for the defendaut, Mr. Wallis and 35r. Pemberton for the mortgagor, Mr. Parsons. HODGSON TV. SMjSOu.OI Mr. BIsOWM moved, ez parte in tis caLuse, on behalf of a person not a party to the record, that such person might be at liberty to move tho Court of Appeal to vary a decree mnade in the cause by the Master of the Rolls, sneh decree having been made uponmotion for decree. The question in tbe cabse arose under the will of.a Colonelfill. The Master of the Rollshad directed ah inquiry as to the next of kin of the testator. The person on wtose behalf the present motion was made had been found by the Chief Clerk's certificate to be the person next entitled- to take out admnistration to one Dorothy Broadricls, who was the testator's next of kin; but it was found that no letters of asdministra. tion 'nadbeen grntedtohsnm and tbt t7ierevwas no personal representativoeof Dorothy Broadricl;. 'theLhonns JUrSTcEs gave leave to serve a notice of motion to wary the decree of the Mffaster of the Rolls, without prejudice to any question that might hereafter arise as t/o the defective administration. MV N5Y V. aEVWICMy. This was an appeal from an order of Vice-Chancellor Wood, made upon the motion of one of the defendants that theIglaintiff mght give securityfor costs. Tbe plaintiff as lahouring gardener, and the object of the suit is to recover large estates worth nearly 50,OOt. a-year. Itis alleged that the ancestors of the plainti, vwho were originally the owners of the pronerty, were for two or three generations persons of weak intellect; and the tenants through whom the defendants deduoe their title took advantage of this, and continued in possession of the lands without paying any rent. The grounds of the application to the Vice-Chancellor were, thtt the plaintiff had left his home in Mayr, 1855, and could not be found. Uip to the ~present time all the costs incurred in the suit hadoean paid, but an action had been brought in respect of the same sub3ect-matter, in whichthe plaintifffiled, and it wassippomed that he had absconded to avoid the costs in that ation. The plaintiE by his affidavit, stated that he had only left his house for a temporary purose, thet he had paid his rent up to the present time, and ad neither given nor received notice to quit. An application of a similar nature had been made last year to the Vice-Chancellor, and efused by him, his Honour considering that his absconding to avoid the costs of the action was Uo ground for ordering him to give security for costsin 'the suit; The application was afterwardi renewed at. the instance of another "defendant, who had obtained an order for production of documents, and was unable to serve it. It was suggested that the plaintiff's Costs were provided by subscription among his neighbours, 'who would be repaid if' lhe succeeded;* but if he failed the defendants would be eistiely without remod3against them, and would also be unable to make the plaintif himself pay in person for his ashness in instituting a groundless suit. Mr. Rox'urgh and Mr. locodk Webb 'supported the appeal. Lord Justice aGznTcir Blie asled whetber Mr. Roxburgh meant to say that 'he called upon the judges, as persons supposed to be in the enjoyment of their sound senses, to believe that the plaintiff was not what is called " keeping out of the wayl"' Mr. S OXBUoGH Ireplied that he did not, and that there was nothing unnatural in a plaintiff or any other man against whom a cacpids mas out not wishing for anyintimatt acquaintance with the sheriff. Mr. WEBB said that the plaintiff's solicitor could giVe security to the amount. of 100l Mr. Toller was not called upon to oppose the appeal, having accepted the offer. - Their LoRDsmps ordered the security of the solicitor to be accepted, he signing the book, and directed the costs of the appeal to be paid by the appellant.
'DnTTQlf'kn'FTDM -- .MORELAID V. RICADSO, IS RE TEHE TOVTESRA3tfnlT RNV~- Tl PrY. (Bcfore iThcTASTER nf fe kATXT&T I 'his was a motion for an injunction to restrain the trustees of the above chapel from building on the burialgrouin attached to it, and making use of the tombstones for paving purposes. The facts of the case are as follows :--lnthe Lear 175 the Land upon which the chapel is built, and the ac hich forms the graveyard to it, was pur-> chased by the Rev. Mr Whitfielc, and the chapel was, in course of time, erected upon it, and the graveyard enclosed. Inteinnents continued to 'be made in this yard until the passing of the -lth and 16th of 'Victoria, chap. S5, under w'hich it was ordered to be closed by the becretary of State, and no burials had since taken place. Since the closiDg of the yard the present trnstees of the property had given notice of their intention to bezin to build upon it, and had even proceaded to make use of the tomhstonns for 'sirng part of it over. This the present plaintiffs ob5ected to, On the plea that they did not like their fixniiy graves to lte molested or the tombstones turned in'.o paving stones. They therefore prayed for the present injunction, which. Eis HiONOIm took time to consider -hether he would grant or not. ;fr. R.Palmer anda r. Greene werefor theplaintiff.; 1Er. Eollett and Mr. Ellis for the defendants.
VIMOE-ANOR5T.0I' rlOTrPT.R ZTr.v 1Q GOULD Y. TXCI. (Before Vice-ancellor Sir J. SiTART.) mUIS was a motion for an iniurichon to restrair. the defendant from selling to any other person than the plaintiffs any machinery or tools purchased by the plaintiffs or by the defindant with the moneys of the plaintiffs, or which the plaintiffs had provided for the purpose of perfecting or testing fhe defendant's invention for niak-ing boots, or any materials provided by the plaintiffs th the- defendant for the purpose of rnaldng boots, or any boots mnade by the defendant with materials snTolied by the plaintiffs. After the motion had occupied soie time it was directed to stand *ver until the next sealday,to enable the plaintiffs to answer the defendauns affidavit. MIr. Malins and Mr. Xarslale were in support of the motion; Mr. Anphlett resisted it. (Before Vic-Crcavealor Sir W. P. WooD.) BROXDBRNT V. TlE LMPERIAL GAS COMPASY. This parteheard motion (whieh had stood over in the hope of a compromise) was again resamed by 3r. Cairns on behalf of the defendants. Mr. 13aggally (Mr. Bolt, Alr. Cairns, and lr. James Wilde, Q. u., with him) was about to read the affidavits of the scientific witnesses as to-the nature of the injury com.plained of by the plaintiff by the evolution of suiphuretted hydrogen, e fom the defendants' works, when therewas a fresh glimmering of a comopromzise. T'he terms, isowrcvei, couldnot be agreed upon, and after some further discussion, it was arrAngedthat the motion for injnn tion should be turned ito a motion for a decree, and be put in the paper for hearing on the last sesl day in thesesittings. A special examiner to be appointed in the mean- while for cross-examination of sueh of the witnesses asmight be required. ar. Selwyn, lr. Greene, Mr. Jolliffe, and Mr. J. A. lussell (of the common law bar) are for the plaintiff.
COURT OF COXMM)!Z PLPTAI. (4TMtTUnTAT.T- .Titr fl) _ OSCOE V. FICERBIG. .iu's was ~n action on an ratoIfev s- oliil Mr. Svideant Shee and Mr. hompson Chittv appered forthe pla:ntiff; Mr. Atherton, Q.C., and _r. Barnard for the defendant. The " costs," which formed the subject of the plaintiff's claim against the defendant had aris'n on certin rooeedings which had taken place respecting the affarrs of a person named Mellish, the instructions for which the plaintiff alleged he had received' from. the 'defendant. Mellish had carried on the business of a dver in St. Luke's,. and the defendant was a drysalter, an4 in the hxb1t of. supplying Mellish with goods. In the month of August,, 1S54, Meilish, finding himself in difficulties, called a meet - ing of his creditors (of whom the defendant was one of the largest), and, after explaining the state of| his affairs, he offered them a composition of 53. in the Ponnd, payable by instalments, which- they consented to accept provided Mellish would give themn a guarantee, and, in the course of the following day, the defendant-' baving satisfied himself of the snfficiency of the property of 3fellish, consisting. among other things, of two houses, agreed to become siurtV to the creditors, and the necesary nstranuents were accordingly prepared by the plaintif, and. all the efrects were to be a'signed to the defendant Pre viously to this it had been intimated to the defendant tfc% it would be necessary to employ a solicitor, upou which, ccording to the evidence of the plaintiff, the defendauti replied. "'Let Mr. Roscoe act for me." The deed was duly prepared, but before matters were fillnOy completed the defendant discovered that Mellish (who had beeni unable to nneet one of the instaluents) had otber liabilities, and in., consequenoe of this the defendant withdrew from hissorety- 1 ship. The amount demanded for services to this tiume was $01. 61i,. Upon the parT of the defendant, it was contended by Mr.- ATrsro-e that the services had really been nerformed for Meellisb, and not for the defendrnt. The LORD CHEF -JISTICY--Brother S1hee, the question2 isilo whom was the credit giVen ? WAR it not all " In re Xellish l" It is oertainly unfortunate for the plaintiff, but hen Athe qussti is so to b ibknvis l iafthIJit!HEa.do you get ove tht .difficut. ,,- The plaintiff wsthese nui*d..-.' ' A sond aeUIm ewaga the p1tiu shaed the am4k This as am action foraleader. Mr. Doyle apeard for the plaintiff, aud ]r. Serjt Thomas for the defendant. 'The plaintiff i aba 1 5k trininadnufcturr,i Good3ge streot, Toffienha.oaurt-rosd, and the defendtnt tno .daughter of anzaster bookbin8r, in HAtton.garden. and both funiliet appeared -to have been noes ter5. ef close intmacy. TheN plaintiff corn theat the defendant eclled nt his house on the noening of Tuesday, the 16pla of Abol lAsg, -and eb eo hid withasnn Uoll tri ngs belonging to her uo her fatef's bofe upoon the evening of the previouas 9uda. It ppeared that the plintiff had been passing the eenn t edefendant's father's on the Sundasy, and dulring supper homae discuseon took puce about rig, after 'which, according to the evidence of the aefendant, the plaintiffsuddecly left, and the wrne everiing the defendant nssed from g cup Oil the mantelp'ieoel twro 'Mn twhich she hd pre- deposited there, and, ufter the est each throughout th3 house during the Xonday, the defendant wenttoi iae plain'iff' house on the follewing morning sand chartd him with 'zaldng (but not stealihg as the pthintiff inxisted) Qse rings in question. lpon h,earng the acusation the pniniift became very indignant, and offered to sent for a policeema that the charge nigih; be criminally inquired into,- upon which the defendant withdrew, and t.ie plaintiff then ipplied to the defendauVrgbrtjhers who treated she matter vwith indifference, Thorings, which had remained uneard of lor six weeks, were eventually discovered in a pieceeof pPer With some tacks in a cupboard in the defendant's bedmomo, and, accordingto the evidence of the defendAnt, itwas sugesed thA they iwi been taken away bythe plaintiffandu afterward plaoed there by his -wife, who, at the time of the loss, was stayig at her fathus's house, and shared the defenda;nfs bedroom. The.-visitor had mrriied the painUXt; .but bad prey on returncdto the houseto fetch awsher clothes, aDme G C hadh been ket inth e bO The plainT and his wife both distinctly denied a they had toiiclied he rigs; and, in answer -to -the fact that he had -once talken away a pcencil belonging to the defendant, the plintiff said it was merely a penny cedar pencil which e had -put into his poclict after amusing, them .0n30 evening by drawig n counsellor's bead. upon the wall. ;There wras evidient conflict in the testimony of -the -witIeess On both Sgide, id a good deal of lehing ehibited between the parties-particularly the defendant, who seesmed indisposed to any recoiciliation, The learned JuDGE,in addressing thejsy, aiid,-QenUe.men, - if you think the defendant a sedthe plaintiff of stealing the rings, you irill give she plaintiff a verdict -wit fair and reaonable damages; but if, on the other hand, you think the defendant said the plaintiff had taken them only, not meaning to impute to hin his having stolen them, then your verdict wil.bs for the defendant. - The jury returned a verdictior the plaintiff-Dama&e, 40s. This case terminated the sittings in this court.
CouJ9T OP PANKRBPCY, B Juy 1O W IM C. J. MARE. (Before Mr. C'ommussioncr Homm. -.) hlse bankrnpt was a stapbuilder of BlackwaIL This wa the certificate meeting. - Mr. IJNBIATER, for the bankrupt, ask-ed for an adjourn. ment. Since the appointment of the certificate meeting - proposal had been made on behalf of tbe bankrpt to whi'Ch it was expected the creditors would accede. The proposal might have been carried, but, a desre being felt. that it should be unanimously accepted, it ws not pre~sed. Another meeting would be advertised for three weeks, -at the expiration of which period a proposal wotld be made which it was believed all the creditors wouda acoept. As the vacation was at hand, perhaps an adjournment of the present sitting to his Honour's retur would be the mosb desirable course. Some creditors having given notice of their intentionto opposethebankrupt's certificate, the whole of such creditors had been written to, giving notice of the bankrapt's intention to ask for this adjournment. They could nut therefore be prejudiced by this application. Eveni if the proposal to creditors formed no legitimate ground of adjournment, there was this-that the assignees having at great labour and expense continued the works they were nob in a position at present to state what would be the resvlt of the realization of the bankrupt'sestate. It was desirable that creditorsand the Court should be in a position to Inow that before the certificate was adjudicated upon. Mr. :LAsuLNcs, for the assignees, said they hoped to realize the estate by the 30th of July. His Honour genlly liked to know the amonnt of assets in au estate before he granted the certificate. The first meeting of creditors having proved abortive, the bankrupt would have to begin ksoro,'. Theassignees were desirous to leave the question of a adjoIrnmuent of the certificate meeting in the bands* of ~he Court. Mr.WAII.EiR, for Messrs Claytou, Shnttleworth, and Co., of Lincoln, creditors for 600L, suggested that conditions should be imposed upon the bankrupt if an adjournOent were grnted. grahe COm-miSSiom said' the ground of the assets 3iot being realized ws avery reasonable ground for an adjournment, but the present sitting having been appointed at the istnoce of the bankrupt, -who must have ksownthe positioi of his estate, it was only reasonable that he should pay the cOsE consequent upon the present application, including the costs of fhe day of parties now present. Mr. ImxrEBsa consented, but begged to say that the day of sitting was not apointed by the bankrupt-indeed; he had an indistinct recollection of an objection being urged on hii behalf to so early a day. Mr.WAIiw. suggested -that conditions should be imuposed to the effect that no improper use might be made of the interval between this and the adjourned sitting. All that-was required was justice in this case. At tlle last meeting (the examination meeting) 3Mr. Ditchburn opposed on behalf of creditors. He had been bougst off. An advertisement ihal appeared the day af'er that meeting. JUnder the 230dx4 section a meeting of crediltors was convened, when he (Mr Wailer) found himself overwhelmed by a largc majority of the creditors oi the estate, who had sold their debts to an. officer of this court. The CoNn;nssiowyut.-What do you mean by an officer ef this court? Mr. WAL"mca.-Mr. Quilter, the accountant under the b3nkrnptcy. Mr.LAYCE.-Mr. Quilter is no more an officer of th:s court than other persons independent of it. The COrssSlsO.NER-He stood between the creditors an thf bankrupt. Mr. 1LnVsRlCB said that in consequence of the enormdes plant eonnected yith the batkrupt's busineas the assignossfeltitdesira'Dle to haveanindepeadert accoutat,a> and they had recommended Lr. Quilter. The h asigneeb had refused to give any information resoecting the probable .mnount of dividend that t;he estate of the bankruot wouldl pay. MAr. Quilter was alleged to have been a puicbaser of debts due by the banrupt. *The course pused, he'celieved, was this :-When Mtr. Quilter had purchased a batch. of the banlrupt's debts notice was given to that effect, and the debts became payable to him. Mr. WAL= was sorry if he was doing Mr. Quilter an injustice, but Messrs. Quilter, )Ball, and Co., being the ascountants in the case, they best knew the position of the bank;rupt's estate. bur. L&Nv satcE said Mr. William, Quilter had been an independent purchaser of debts. Mr. W_auxR.-A person has been eng3ged buying up dEbts who said he was employed by blare and Quilter. The proposal at the last meeting of creditors was Bs. do-n. and iis. mere, paying by bills at :12 months. His (xMr. Waller's) answer to the proposal was (the .ct reqtuiring the consent to the composition of 9-10ths of the credstors preeent in number and amount) that he did not think that independent creditors should be swamiped by creditors who had sold or purchased their debts. At the meeting referred to there -as the same person on the stairs who had acted as agent for Mr. Quilter or others in buying up debts, and who blockaded the space and held out the same threats as before. Ho said one creditor for a large amount had sold his debt since the lst. sitting. He apprehended the interval betweelL this and any adjourned sitting would be employed in purasing the same course. An extraordinary amount of maSitnery was being put in operation. It was felt that in consequence of the numerouLs blots in the conduct of the bankrupt he would never get a certificate ; and, suppposin the certificate-to be so refused, the debts becairise revived. He submitted that the debts of the bankrapt bad been thus bought and sobd for the puroose of carrying into effect the objects of the bankrubpt. Ditchbarn was bought off by the moan who was at the time receiving the creditors' mnoney for investigating the accounts. The CO.NmSIss-soE said the actiniposed Lserious penalties upon parties who, having given notice of opposition to ceTtflfcate, refrained from so opposing. Mr. LAWRAYCE said that all thes observations werae foreign to the question of the day. At tle last meeti;g(of creditors already referred to M1r. Quilter had said thathe didnot.feelhimself in a position to une his own influence in any way. While there vas a dissentient creditor he held. aloof. At the meeting hev7as in a position to meet the requarements of the actin respect to 9-lOths of creditpis in numnber and amount, as assenting to the bankrupt's proposal. So far from Mare and Quilter having laId tbeir beads together, there was nothing, of he sort - nd to tbe assignees the question was a matte. of indifference what coarie,the proceedings took-whether arrangement or otherwise. Mr. llNATER.-fr. Q2ilter would be rather glad tr.an otherwise to get the propertT so realized as to get hisrdividend iUder the bankruptcy. There is no pretext for complaints that have been urged. Mr. WAMeVwRGnT, for certain credit:s, saidc Mr. Quilter, with a power of attorney, was in a ppsition to turn the vhole nourse of this estat, and to compel anv creditor to come in and take any diviaend that was ES^erd. At tbe meetilng 5s. in the Voun-d and the hanlrupt's and bis brother's notes for a further 5s. in the gonr d were offierei.. If Mr. Mare were fully examnined muc wonld be disclosedl Idchd was now hsuhbed up. No mention had been made of two bcats engaged in the Dover Mail Company. The CO serONs;R.-It is premature to go intofat7 Mr. W RGHv.-There was no doubt hr. QuLilter -would realize more than he had paid for the debts. In the, intierv between this and any future meeting he would ps. fessthe power to cr everything his own way. He t d the Court would not adjourn,without putting the bankrupt into the box. The COmusixo-sNR said that at any future meetin f i should certainly toke came thait bon4d fde creditcrs were Dot prejudiced by any saeof debts on thepart of otbe her Creditors had sold Tleir debts he -should attach liBWO value to theirvqice. He Jmould' require the conlant et
sUMBr: ASSrZBS. NOR1tOT.K flM.rqrr AYLESBURY, JuLY 10. asie commission tor the county of B3ucks was duly opened this afternoon by Mr. Justice Coleridge, who, having charged the grand jury, sat in the Crown Court for the despitch of business. The calendar contains 16 prisoners, whose a11eged offences embrace two cases of murder, one of nttin,g and stabbing, one of sheeprstea1ing, two of arson two of burglary, one of concealment of birth, one of poaching, and four of larceny. The Chief JuIstice will open the lNisi Prius Court toraorrow, and it is said that three causes have been entered, including one for a breach of promise of marriage.
[Adverlsement - The Camp Club in the Crimea; or. Stories fro the Tents and Trenches. Published by Skeet, King IViLiarm-street: price ICs. 6d. " Captain Curling, late gist Regimente baa here edited a very amusing volume, which will doubtless interest a lasxs circle of readers. The 'Camp Club' brings vividly before us the =ontion of the tented heroes who begimled the tedious hours of nontuty with various expedients. Here is alistof Eomn ofthe goodthings Irovided. :-The Subaltern's Stoe-A Comrade Xi3ed-The Trenches -The Tents-Christmas Evein te Crimea-The Old Soldiers's 5tory -Death of the Czar-Politics in the Trenches-Charge of the Heavy Casalry-Routtne and Rushlights-A Czusty Oillicial-Battle of InlerKearn, approachlof the Russians, the contlict-A Drama written in a 'Tent in the Crimea-The Soldier and the Actor-The Indefatigable Infant.y-Urgent Pdivate Alfairs-lord Raglan, &c. It must be a fastidious palate indeed, to which some of these dainties are not acceptable."-" Rent Herald." [Advertisement.]-The Author of "The Great lighway." -The nevo novel, entitled "The MIn of the World, or Vanities of the D3y," by S. W. FuUom, author of " The Great Eighway," is now re3dy, at &11 the libraries, in 3 vots., with the following ilustrations on steel by John leech:-Wedding Favours-The Prisone's Ce-itidinthe High Horse-Husband and Wife-Meeting by Moonlight-The Mysterious Appearance-Iturder will out.-Charles J. Ekeet, King Willianm-street, Charing-croe. [Advertisement. -" Diana Wynyard," a"novel, by the -author cf "Alice Wentwozh.' ac., in 3 vols., is ijut published. 'Diana Wynyard'is one of those stories of domestic 1fe which concern themselves rather with the delineation of character in its relation to circumstances in the complications of human affections and interests than in the romauce of its events. It to a tale theroughy calcuLated to awaken the reader's sympatlies and 'o carry them on with it to the end. The heroine' is a beautiful impersonation of Eoglish womanhood. and a'l the characters are discrlminately and chlioUly zouched, indicating no small knowledge of hurnarn nature sod skill !n its Vouxtraysl."-"-John BulL" Hurt and Biackett, publishers. [Advertisement -" Eastern Hospitals and English urma-s:. ByAlAdydolunteer. 2 vols..justpubllshed. "Theauthor otf bis narative is one of those ladies who solunteered. at the comanencement of thewar, to pmceedto the East iu the care of the tick and wounded in the hosutials at Kululee and SmtarL It is the first authentic narrative which has yet been publi hed, detailing the labours -nd difficulties which thooc heroic women had to undergo in their mission of Christian charity. The lady volunteer describes in graphic terms, but without the slightest prejudice, the worring of the system adopted at the miltary hospitals in the East. The narrative isnca of urpsn g interest."-" 3lorning Post." Hurnt and Blackett, pub- [Advertisament.]-Tlse " Dispatch" of Sunday nlext, July 13, w,ill contain an esszay entitled. " Matrinos~n"-The Return, of the Crimean Axmy-The Queen'isAddress to the Trpepa at Aldcrshett,ssid Trinmnhal l;utry of the Guards itoll the Mfetropolis-Letters by * PobicoLta" n " the Invasion of the Royal Prerogatlve by the Peer-2 age." and by "Calustic," "The Americans and aIr Prees"-Town :al, do. Office, 131, Flet-siect-.
CENTARL- CMZMNAL COUBT, JTUy 10. - * . OT. CtOltT- . .: ,{Befdre Mr-: Justice WILaas.) Edward Towers, 18, groomn, Eenry aEorwood, 23, painter, and WiliMam Fleclkat, 37, engineer, were indicted for a burglary in the dweling-house of Tsabella Humpbreys, and stealing 100 sovereigns, three 51.- Bank of England notes, three watches, and several articlse of plate, her property; and the indictment charged the prisoners with having at the time of the robbery assaulted and beat' the prosecutr$x and another person, named 7liss Cooke., John Peyton, a respectadle-looking man, who sirrendered to take his trial, was charged with receiving a silver watch, part of the property, knowin& it to have been stolen. Mr. Bodkin1 Mr. Cooper, and Mr. E. H. Lewis conducted the prosecution; MAr. Lilley defended Peyton; Mr. Ribton appeared for Eleckhart; and the other prisoners 'Were undefended. The leazned counsel for the prosecution gave a brief narrative of the facts of the case, which appeared to be of an extraordinary character. The prosecutrix, Mrs. aumphreys, is a very aged lady, living at Stamford-hill,'the only irimte of the house besides herself beinj a female 'setvant, and it appeared that she was possessed of some considerable proparty, and had the imprudent habit of keeping large stuns of money in the house in cash, and this fact would appear to have become known, and no doabt was the occasion of the robbery. This occurred on the 24th- of April, and it appeared that on the night in question four men obtained access to the house by breaking a hble ir the wall at the back. The servant, Eliza Cooke, went down stain on the morning, about .7 o'clock, and, upon her entering the parlour, two men rushed upon her and knocked her down, and they then hound her with a rope. She saw two other men, the whole of them having their faces covered so that their features could not be seen, and when the servant had been secured they allproceeded up stairs to the be& room of the old lady, whom they also attacked, tied her on the bed, and nearly suffocated her by placing the pillows over her mouth, and they then rifed tre drawers m her bedroom and other parts of the house, and took away about 1351. in gold and notes, and other property, valued altogether at nearly 3001., none of which has since been recovered, with the exception of a silver watch, which was the subject of the charge against the prisoner Peyton. Eliza Cooke, a very intelligent young woman, who gave her evidence with great clearness, said that she had been in the service of the prosecutrih two years and a-half. On the night of the 24th of April she dosed the windows and doors, as usual, and, she' and her mistress went to bed about 10 o'clock. Soon after 6 o'clock on the following morning .he got up and went down stairs, and observed that the parlour door was ajar, and upon her opening it two men rushed uponher, and one of them struck her on the side of the head and knocked her down, and she lost her senses for a moment. When she camesto herself she heard her mistress scream, anud lost her senses again, and when she recovered she found a man kneeling upon her side, with a knife in his hand, which he held to her throat in a threatening manner, and said, " Will you be quiet ' She said that she would if he would let her alone. Another man then came into the room, andtheyearriedher intothekitchen, and the secoudmanthen asked her where the plate was. She said thatall the plateshe knew of was three silver spoors, and the man replied that they were only old things ; and he then inquired where the money was kept. She toild him she did not know, and he then held the knife to her throat, and said she might do which she liked-either tell them where the money was, or they would have her life. He also said that they had murdered her mistress, and they would kill her if she did not tell them where the money was. In consequence of these threats she told them of all tne money she knew of, and they took her upstairs into the front parlour, and she showed them where some money was in that room. The men then said something to each other, which she did not understand, and one of them immediately produced a rope, and they tied her hands and feet, and one remained with her, and the others left the room, and went upstairs, and one of them came down shortly afterwards and said that the others wanted to take the old woman into the cellar, but he would not allow it. She was then left alone, and in about three-quarters of an hour she succeeded in working her arms free, andreleased herself. Themenat this time had left, and sbe went up to her mistress's room, and founld her with her hands tied across, and a rope was passed round themunder the bed clothes, ahandkerchief was .over her: mouth, and two pillows were placed over her face. She saw four menin thehouse altogether; one was disguised by a handkerchief over his face, another had his face covered -witha piece of nt or crape, and the third had apibce of linen forthe same purpose. Shehad no opportunityof seeing the face of the fourth man, andwasunable to say whether he was disguised or not. Upon exaining thehouse she found a quantity of strange tools, and among them apiece of steel, which was produced. The brick wall had arso been broken through near the washhouse, and a hole made large [enough to admit the body of a man. The witness went on to say that the wife of the prisoner Horwood had formerly lived in the service of hrs. Rumphreys, and was consequently well acquainted with her habits, and when she left witness succeeded ber. She also proved that about seven weeks before the robbery was coomnitted a man, whom she positively swore to be the Prisoner Fleckhart, accompanied by a woman, came to the fouse of the prosecutrix, and represented that Mr. Rusb, the legal adviser of Mrs. Humphreys, was very ill and wished that some one shouldbe sent to bim immediately, and wished her to go to him, but she dechned to do so. While the prisoner Fleckhart was in the house he represented that he was ill, and went into the back yard, and he had thus an opportnity of examining the premises. The witness then identified a silver watch that was produced as the property of her mistress. In cress-examination by Mr. RserToir the witness said that she was quite sure there were four men in the house. She asked them to let her mother knew how she was tied, and they said they would "drop a line" to the inspector to untie her. Thewhole of the four men went up mnto her mistresss room. She was quite sure that Fleckhart was the man who came to her mistress's house at the time she referred to. Evidence was then adduced, from which it appearedthat the suggestion on the part of the prosecution was that the fourth man concerned in the robbery was a man named Stark, who had recently before been discharged from the hulk;s at Gosport upon a ticket-of-leave, and it appeared that his sister, a woman who was known bythe name of Annie Perkins, was takeninto custody upon the saposition that she was the woman who accompanied FlecXart to the house of the prosecutrix, and when, there was no doubt, if they could have got the servant out of the way by the representation, which turned out to be an entire fabrication, .as to the illness of the solicitor of Mrs. Humpha-eys, the robbery was intended to have been committed. This womanwas, however, discharged, because she could not be identified; and it appeared that the woman; whoever she was, had a thick veil over her face, which prevented her hena.ures from bemg seen, at the time shewent to the The deposition of Ms Humpbrdys, who it appeared was in such a state of health, partly on account of her advanced age and the shock her system hadrecaived inconsequence of this transaction, as to be unable to appear in court, was pat in and read. She stated positively that Fleckhart was the man who came to her house at the time mentioned by the witness Eliza Cooke, and made the false representation respecting Mir. Rush, her solicitor. She also said that on the morning of the robbery, shortly after her servant had gonedownmstairs, she heard a soream, and directly afterwards there was the sound of footsteps on the stairs, and two men came into her bedroom, and one seized her on one side and the other on the other. Their faces were covered, and she said they looked lke two black dogs jumping on the bed. She screamed, and the men pinched her nose and her mouth, and she could hardly breathe, and one of the men said they had kiUed her servant and they would kill her, and asked for a knife. They thin took a silver watch from her neck and ransacked the drawers, and they tied her with a rope on the bed and placed a handkerchief over her mouth, ard then two pillows upon her face, and she was unable to breathe and was nearly dead. The watch now produced was the one that was taken from her neck, and esides 'his she lost a great number of sovereigns, two gd watches, a silver teapot, and three 5. Bank of England notes. Some witnesses were then examined whose evidence went to show that on the morning after the robbery four men were seen going in a direction away from the prosecutrixs hoGue, and they stated that Fleckhart was one of them, and he appeared to walk as though he had received soeie injury. Some of the witnesses also expressed an opinion that Horwood was also one of the party. A man named George Smith was then examined.-He statedthat the prisoner Horwood married his wife's sister, and Towers was his wife's brother. In January last he was at a publichouse, and Horwood came there a; comnpaniad by Eleckhart, and he introduced Fleekhart to him, and said that his friend " Bill," meanaing Fleckhart, was the man to do MNrs. Hanmphreys's job; that he could make tools, and was not afraid to use them, He said that he shook his head at Horwood, to intimate that he ought not to talk in such a manner, and nothing more took place at this time. After the proceeding that took p lace in Februaiy at Mrs. Humphreys's house he said that he saw the prisoner Towers, and told him that he understood an attempt had been made to rob Ms. Humphreys, and he said that he and Horwood, and Annie Perkins and Fleckhart, had gone to the house, and that he and Hlorwood remained ontside while the other two went in, and when they came out they said they could not do anything, and that Ars. Humphreys hadibehaved so well to them that the men had not the heart to rob her. They said at the sametime that whet Annie'a brother Stark came home the robbery should be effected, and they said that hewas a very determined man. and that he would get into the house if hb went down the chimney, or broke through the wall, or pulled the slates off the roof to do it. He also said that after the robbery had been committed he saw-Horwood and Towers together, and conversed with them unpon the subject, and they id that it had been done by Annie's brother and some of his pals, and they added that what was stolen was far enough off in the country by that time. The wife of the prisoner Horwood was present when the conversation took place, and she said that she wished her tongue had been cut out before she had said anything about it. This witness was very severely cross examined, but nothing material was elicited -at all calculated to shake his -testimony. He adroitted that he had been :onvicted of stealing a quart pot, but the transaction, it appeared,-occurred fl years ago, and he declared that since that time he had got his living in a respectable and honest manner by working at his trade of a plumber and glazler. Some further evidence was then adduced, which went to show that on the day after the robbery the prisoner Fleckhart was suffering from somue personal injury which required the attention of a surgeon, and it was suggested on the part of the Crown that he hiad received the injury in forcing himself through the hole that bad been made in-the wall, he-being a much larger man than either of the other prisoners. Certain statements made by the prisoner Fleckhart to the officers by whom he was apprehended, and which appeared to show that he was acquainted with th6 facts connected with the robbery, were likewise deposed to, and evidence-Was also given that the piece ofsteel referid - to the evidence aftthe -witness Cooke vas taken from the- establishment of Messrt Napier; where, It appeared, Fleck. hat was employedAas an engxeer. These were the principal fats sadduced inevidenceto spportthe charge agaiist the thtee prisoners charged with the bu-rglary, and the case against the other prisoner, Peyton, was that be haa been engaged as, a warder on board the! Stirling;Castle convict ship at Gosport, and that the' mah Stark was apder his charge, and he was aware he was set at liberty pon atiOket-Of-leave. It Was proved that after the robbery Stark- was seen at Portsmouth, and that the silver watch that had -been pr&duced and identified by the prosecutrix rwas found in the possession of the prisoner Peytos. It appeared that this prisoner had formerly been in the army, and Lord Arthur Lennox, who was his colonel, was called as a -witness on his behalf, and gave hin an excellent characier, and also stated that i consequence of his good conduct he had exerted himself to obtain for him Ithe appointment of warder at the hulks. Mr. RsTOnr made a very earnest address to the jury on behalf of the prisoner l?leckharb, and caIled evidence to show that he was k&ffering from the'malady referred to for some time before the 24th of ApriL- MIr. IttY ailm made a powerful appeal to the jury on behalf of the prisoner Peyton, and urged that there was nothing to show vhatthe watch might nob have been lef in his house by tie man Stark, either accidentally or in tho most innocent mranner possible, and that there was nothing, at all events, in the ease to justify the supposition that he had the slightest knowledge that the watch was stolen. At the else of the case the jury expressed a 'wish to put a question to the witness, Elira Cooke, and she was accordingly re-called; end, in answer to questions put to her, she said that the prisoner FleckJhart correspohlded in size with one of the men who attacked her, but the other two men, Towers and Hoerood, did not correspond in size, as it appeared to her, with any of the others. The learned JUDGE having summed up the whole case with great care ard impartiality The juryretired.to considertieir verdict; and in about 20 mirutestheyrreturnedintocourt and gave a verdict of Guilty against ckhlart, aind Acquitted the other prisons.. The learned JUn GE, in ordering sentence of death to be recorded, said he hardly recollected a more aggravated bur. glary than the ono of which the prisoner had been convicted, and the only circumstance in his favour wvas that no actual violence was inflicted upon any of the inmates of the house. He should on this account recenimend that his life should be spred, and thEt recommendationt would, no doubt, be attended to, but he must expect tobe sent outof the country for the remainder of his life. -The trial lasted. l hours, and was not brought to a con- elusion until 9 o'clock at night. Tlhe Court was then ad.: journed to Monday, August 18. NEW COUIRBT. (BEefvc the Como,rr-SnRAxnT.) William ComnelL 40, brass'ounder, was indicted for the manslaucliter of Mtartha ConmelL Mr. P?att. prosecuted; and bIr. T. Atkinson defended. The evidence proved that the prisoner and the deceased, who were man arnd wife, lived in one room in Ray-street, ClerkenweUl. The woman was of most drunken habits, while the prisoner, it appeared, was a very sober and exemplary charactbr. Upon the moning of the 17th of June upon the prisoner coming home be found a man, who used ta do carpenters' work for the landlord, standing by thEi deceased, who was upon the bed with her clothes in a vary disordered state. The prisoner thereuponL beat the man, and turned him out, and duridg the scuffe *the deceased received an injury upon the head, which she said was caused bv the prisoner throwing a flower-pot at her. About a week afterwards she was taken drunk to the Free Hospital, vhere she died of tetanus, resulting from the injury done to her head. During the trial the man alluded to (Trigarthy) was exaamined, aud said he was a carpenter living at 7, Peter'sterrace, Saffron-hll. He admitted that the disordered state of deceased's clothes had been caused by his conduct, she having called him into the room. The jury, under his Lordship's direction, Acquited the prisoner. Herbert Croft Ryland, 27, clerk, a gentlemanly-looking young man, was indicted for forging and uttering a cheek for 555 with inteuntto defiaud. Mr. Bodkin and Mr. Sleigh prosecuted. It appeared that some time last autuneir the prisoner's friends, who are highly respectable, made arrangements for him to go abroad, but he did not do so, and his return was not generally known to any one excepting his sister, a married lady, at whose house he was a constant visitor, early in March last. The prisoner's uncle, Mr. Robert Mfenbain Evans, sent. o the prisoner's sister a check for 5l. 15s, drawn upon Messrs. Masterman, and by mistake sent with that check a blan, the consecutive number. This check filled up for the amount above-named, and purporting to bear MT. Evans's signature, was presented at Masterman's upon the 29th of March, and paid. Prevviously to this the lady wrote to her uncle, stating that she had lost the blank check, which she was about returning, and with it a lOl.-note. Mot any of the notes paid for thLe chock had been traced, neither was the prisoner shownL to have been flush of money, and the only evidence against him was that he was at his sister's about the time the blank check was lost, and that the writing in the body of the forged check was like his handwriting. The prisoner, who was andefended, declined addressing the jury. The Co1sMsO-Sxan'an-T then summed up, and The jury, after retiring, Acquitted the prisoner.
POE-ICE.*- MAI, SION-nOuSn.-John Young, a young pierson of rather plausible appearance, was brought before the LoRD M&yon, charged under the followintg circumstances - Mr. Lesis appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Huumphries, jun., for the defence. Mfr. Ernest G. Ravenstein said,-I am a geographer, residing in George-street, Euston-sqnare. I know the prisoner as a friend, and have been acquamnted -with him about half a-year. He was an actor, and previously a merchant's clerk. I charge him with having obtained money by forged orders. I haved business transactions with Messrs. Mathison and Ritter, of Gracechurch-street, and on some occasions I have senttheprisoner to themformoneyfor me. I have nevergiven any one permion to sign my name to any orders on them. The letter uroduced by Mfr. flitter, dated-May 28, and purpo0rting toble signed by me, iS not in my handwrriting, nor has it been written by my aulthority. I do not knowv whose writing it is, butlI believe it to be the prisoner's. Tphe prisoner said; he did not deny the charge of having written the letter. The witness, in answer to the LorD MSA.YOR, said,-The -trisoeer did not pay me the 5!. mentioned in the letterpro- Mr. W. Ritter.-I am one of the firm of Mathison and Ritter of Gracechurch-street. I prodice a letter, bearing date the 28th of May last, purporting to be signed by Mr. Ravenstein, who was a creditor of ours, of which letter the follov,ing is a COpy .- fo a , George-street, Enston-square, May 28. "Messrs. Mithisos and Bitter Gentlemen,-I should feel obliged if you. would have the kindness to let me have 5o. on accoun' as before.. I at so pressed for business this morning that I would write myself, but I have affixed my signatare. I heardfrom myfather one day last week. "With many threks for past favours, "I am, Ge&stlemen, yours very truly, "E. RrVxNSvzs." The prisoner brought that letter to me on the day of its date. I gave him the 51. by a check, believing the letter to bear Mr.Ravenstein's signature, and the prisoner signed the receipt at the foot of the letter. I remarked to the prisoner, that it vwas strange Mr. Ravenstein did not come himself, and he said in reply that Mr. Ravenstein had hurt his hand. The check for 5!. has been paid by my bankers. On the 20th of June last the prisoner brought to me another letter, purporting to come from the prosecutor. I have looked for that letter, but cannot find it. It requested payment of 31. for Mr. Ravenstein, and in consequence of that letter T handed to the prisoner 38., and he gave me the receit produced for the amount on the back of the first letter he brought to me, as follows:- " Received 31. from Messrs. Mathison and lRitter, June 24th, 1856. For B. Ravenstein. J. (G. L. Young." Mr. Ravenstein stated, that he neither wrote himself for tho 31., nor authorized the prisoner to receive any money whatever for him from Messrs Mathison and fitter The prisoner had been sent by him, as far as he recollected, on three previous occasions, to Messrs. Mathison and Ritter for sums, two of which the prisoner brought to him. The prisoner was then committed for trial, bat his LoRnsure consented to take bail, in two sureties of 100l. each. George Henry Hill was, in the latter part of the day, brought before Alderman Cunarr, charged -with having forged three receipts for Customs' duties, and committed for traL. BoW-sTR7T.-Richard Dnnn was brought before Mr. HIIaRY, yestet-day afternoon, upon the authority of an order previously issued by his worship, directing an inquiry as to his state of nind. Ir. Bodhin appeared, on behal7f of the Crown, to conduct the inquiry, whinch occupied several hours, owing to the discursve speeches, and troublesome conduct of the defendant, whose manner throughout was that of an excited madman. Mr. Bodkin stated that the position which the defendant now occupied was very different from that in which he had been placed on former occasions, at the police courts of the metropolis. Itwas not necessarytoreFertothe defendantscontinue persecutionfor solongaperiod of MissflurdettCoutts, for the circumstances were sufliciently notorious. low the, attention of his worship would be directed to a series of letters which he had addressed to some Royal personages, and painful as it was to give publicity to-the offensive terms in which those effusions were couched, it was iiill necessary to read them in justification of the present proceedings. In consequence of these letters it was judged necessaryto obtain his worship's order to have a medical inq'ury instituted as to the defendant's state of mind ; and Dr. Sutherland and Dr. Lavers were now in attendance to report the result of their examination. The letters, which were addressed to her Royal Highness the Dachess of Cambridge and the Princess.Mary, had been submitted to the Commissioners of Police, by whom, with the sanction of the Home Secret-ry, application was made for the present order to bring the defendant before a magistrate as a lunatic at large. After some further observations, during which the learned counsel wasconstantlyinterruptedbythe defendant, (who ordered the witnesses out of court), Mrx. Bodkin examined the following witnesses:- Major Home Purvis deposed that he is Equerry to her R>oyal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge. He produced five letters, which had been received either at St. James'sP?alaceor Camnbridge-cottage, ew, and which had been since handed to SirRichard Mayne. They were addressed chiefly to the Princess Mary, and were signed " Richard DunnY." Cross-examined by the defendant.-The last dates were about the 15th or 16th of June. There had been a great many previous letters signed "P.. D.," which had been destroyed; and two or three, signed 1IRichard Dunn,'! were returned to the address given bythe writer. Here Dunn, in a wild and insolenit tone, put a torrent of questions to the witness, asking him if he could swear the letters were destroyed ; if he saw them destroyed; if he saw the letters posted that were said to be returned to him; if he wasn't wshamed of himself for spealing from heaig; and, finally, as a gentleman and a mau of honour-if he called himself so,-whether any lady-putting Royal Duchesses and Princesses out of the question, for he didn't recognze such distinctions-whether any ladywho had been addressed in terms of affection by anyone, even a sweep (for all men and women, being human beinga alike, were actuated by the same feelings), woulld destroy anyletters if she entertained the idea of assisting the present conspiracy aainst him, or if they contained anything that would mfiatate against him? Major Purvis was not aware of any " conspiracy," and he should suppose ths best way of discouraging such letters would be to send them back to the witer. At the reuest of Mr. Bodkin the following letter wan readby r. -Burnaby, the chief clerk, the defendant himself repeatedy asasisng him in deciphering unintelligible passages: passages "Victoria Coffeehouse, June 14,18I6. "Princess,-If I could believe that the outrage perpetrnted on my feehngs was sanctioned by you I should never again address you, for never was outrage so totallyunprovoIed. I have acted entirely in obedience to whatIsupposed to be your wishes, andl Iighly estimated your correct and proper feelings. I did not suppose it possible that as 3ladly you would permit me to pour into your bosomthe Tarm and ardent affection which you have taught me to entertain for you, nor did I think that, after having retained those letters so long, you could place them in the hands of the Commissioners of Police. My feelings towards you, Princess, were principally created by the encouragement I was led to suppose you wished to give me-they began vith your smiles, they may end with a frowvn, if you like to end with one. You require no lprotection from me but your own feelings. All the empire knows thpt money eannot buy my heart. I loved with truth and sincerity. I acted with candour ard honesty. You know all my circumstances, and if I have acted in any way distressing to you, do not blame me, but the circumstances. If you think me worthy of your esteem and fair hand, 1st me know. If you have p laced my letters in unworthy hands, take them back, or have themn restored to me, and you shall never hear from me again. Do not think lightly of the ditlioulties of. my position, one lady hunting me to distraction because I won't haveher, and another because I wish to have her. A Christian death were better than such a life! If you wish to write you can easily make your maid enclose them to me, and I should be greatly gratified if I could have an explanation with a person on -whom you could rely. "I remain, beloved and admired Princess, yours, &a., "RICHARD Dumi-." The defendant here observed, " That letter is my answer to this charge. I am content to put in that letter as my defence." Other letters were received, of a wild and offensive character, and wore proved by Inspector Bray, of the A division, to be in defendant's handwriting; but Mr. HIIMw did not consider them of sufficient mportance to be attached to the depositions: Dr. John Lavers, of Great George-street, Westminster examined.-lIr pursuance of the order produced I saw defendant on Saturday last. I had seen M1r. Dunn before on two prevous occasions, to ascertain the state of his mind, and had conversations with him each time. From these conversations, and from what I have seen of him to-day, I believe him to be insane. My first interview with him was at his own lodgings. He then stated that his reason for writing letters to the Princess was that she had givenhim an unmistakeable look of recognition while riding in her carriage, and that the Duchess of Cambridge, who sat by her side, reproved herfor it. This, hesaid, was so obvious that itdrewthe attentiona of a bystander, a gentleman,who spoLe of it to him (Dunn) at the time. Afterwards, at my own house, he stated that the daughter of a nobleman (whose nsme he mentioned) had wished himn to inarry her, and that the father, a marqtuis, had offered to settle an annuity of 300!. upon him. He said that to young vwomen, whomhe met in Bond-street, were sent to look out for him by the Princess and that wehile he was conversing with " Sarah,"} the Princess's waiting-maid, at her residence, the Pns heref was waiting on the stairs, and would have come down to him hut fof the servants. Ho said that the Queen also was in love with him, and the Palace doors were throw.n open to himD, but he had purposely avoided going that way. He said the landlady of the reading-room in Bury-street, St. James's, which he. used, had told him repeatodly that the servants of ladies of distinction hiad bean sent to inquIire after him. The witness was subject to a long period of " bullying," rather than cross-exai73nation, and was ask;ed to define "ethics," "mathemnatics," to reeat the sentiments of -iockcon The Bunsenz Undo-neending, in s.pecial relation to -insanity, to state what constituted a fool, and finally, with vulgar effrontery, defendant -desired the vvitness to get a looking-glass and save himself the trouble of the definition. Dr. lexander John Sutherland, of 6, Richmond-terrace, Whitehal, deposed,-I am a fellow of the Royal Collge of Physicians. My practioe has been very mnuch directed to; mental disorders and their treattment, and lain physician to St. Luke's HospitaL In pursuance of the order produced, I have been to see Mlr. Dunn once. It was on the 5th inst. I entered into convermti&n with him, with a view to ascertain the state of his mind, and also on the following day, when he caUed on me,- I toolk the op' rtuity of obervIng him with the samevibw. I consider he is of unsound mind, and that he labours under particular delusions. *fe stated to me that he had sent aletter to the Prinocss Mary in con- sequence Of certain facts which he relied on. He saidtbat lt June twelvemosith: he" saw one of the Roy. carriages - passing from Apeieyh:ouse.> 1 it were the PrineW-IArY and the-Duchess of Cambridge, and the Princess smiled and winked at him. He lso told me that the Duchess turned to the PiinCess and rebuked her, indthat ill this was noticed by a gentleman who was stanng near him. After that he stated to me that the Princess had written to him and had put a heart in the corner of it, with the name IXary" written on the heart He said that a gentlemran called mpon him at his chambers in thIe Temple, uiLnd iuthe course of a conversation said to him-"Psinceeasw have married commoners." He sid that on another occasion, izhen the Princess was riding out with some other ladies, she "put out her cheek, .as much as to say, ' If yo nasalute Mc I arP ieady to salute you."' He also stated that he had been to the Dnchess of Cambmidge's, where he saw the maid-serrant, and said to her-" Sarah, your you, ydy is either flirting with me, or humbugging me." At this Sarah laugsed, and he then asked what sort of person the Princess was, and she said, "Very amiaible, just like her father" up6n which, he (fr. DUnn) rejoined, "Then Iwill tryit ori." He also told me that he asked Sarah whether any Ladies in the house wore, laid shawzls! and Sarah replied that they did. H[e said he had seen M!{iss Fraser and the Duchess's maid so dressed in Bond-street, near the Clarendoni Hotel, and that oneof hei!a said, "How do you do!" 'That he interpreted this to mean that ho was to go to the hiouse of the Duchess, as the Princess Mary was alcune,. it being the day mpop which the other members of the family dined withi the Duke of Cambridge. Hle observed thatii there lad been a good deal of whispering about the Princess Mary and himseldaSihislodgings. Hefurthersaidthaton one occasion, as he was going towards St. James's Palace, he waLs overtaken by a woman, -who ran before him to the entrance to the staile-yard by Sutherland-house ; that she went in, and that almost immediatey afterwards he met the Duchess's carnage. Eetoldme that if he were not made of cast iron he could not have withstood these advances, and that had they been ordinary women he should, ifter such encouragment, have walk-ed into their houses at once. He said it had been intimated to him that the Duchess had objections to the marriage of the Princess Mary with Prince Oscar, and that he believed that .Her Majesty favoured him, an inference which he drew from her manner towards him. He said that a certain nobleman was desirous that he should marry his daughter, and that in consequence of his (Mr. Dunn's) refusal he had become the object of that nobleman's persecution; that in consequene of that persecution he had been drivern out of 12 different lodgings; that he had written to Lord Palmerston to complain that he could not walk the streets without being watched, and that if tisi annoyance were not put a stop to he would put a case of pistols in his pocket, and shoot the first person he mat who was watching him. am clearly of opinion that MIr. Dunn is of unsound mind, and a proper person to be under care arid restraint. I?rom his threatening to shoot any one who should watch hiim I think he is dangerous to others; and from the expresson in one of the letters, that " a Christian's death would be better than such a life," I think him dangerous 'o himself This gentleman was subjected to i similar crosa-sexmination to that un(ergone by Dr. Lavers, being asked over and over again whether if the statements above detailed were true they would be evidence of lunacy, and what steps he had tak-en to satisfy himself that they were not true? Mr. Dunn then recaUled Inspector Bray, upon whom ne inflicted a similar tirade, maldngthe inspector repeat the substance of a variety of conversations in which he (Dunn) had made the same statements as proved by the other witnesses. Defendant also putit to the witness whether he had not, upoon inquiry, ascertained his statements to be true Mr.Brayhadfoundthatsomeof them were true. For instance, it was true that he (Dunn) called at the Palace and saw Sarah, but it was not true that the Princess was on the The defendant, in a long and rambling harangue, main. tained stoutly that the whole of his assertions were true, and that he could prove them. He demanded that all the persons he had mentioned shouldbe called to say whetherthe factswere as he stated them. He asserted that he had scen the Earl of Munster, who had assured him that the lady was in love with him, and required his worship to adjourn the case for the purpose of examining thatand oer witnesses. Mr. rNsnY.-There can be no doubt about the falsity of all the allegations and statements proved to have been msdo by you. The possible excuse for you is that which Dr. Sutherlandgives-thatyounare apersonof unsoundmi3n and labouriag under delusions. If thls were not so ishould make some very strong observations on your infamous conduct, but it is my clear conviction that you are not a pe2son of sound mind, and therefore I shall order you t be placed under resbraint. Defendant.-I appeal to the gentlemen of the press to do me Justice, which you have not done. The defendant was then removed, and the formal order madie out, The proceedings terminated considerably after the usual hour for the adjourmnent of the court. MARLMOROoon-sTtnEEg.-A post-office order for 10s. has been lying at this court some time without a claimant. The order was sent by "3J. hM.," of LiverpoDl, for Matilda Gi, but no case of that name has tak!en place at this courL Wons=n -srsr.-James Waterhouse, a lashily-dressed man of 30, was charged before Mr. D'Eym\COuRT -with the following systematic robbery -- Charles Paterson, steward of the John Brookes, 3 West Indian merchantman, was walking through'ihitechapel on the afternoon bf Friday week, when the-prisoner who was an entire stranger to him, gradualy stopped him and got him into conversation, and, stating that he had a very extensive assortment of aU kinds of wearing spparel adapted for sea service, which he could dispose ol upon exceedingly moderate terms, expressed a hope that he would nive him a trial. The witness declined, as he knew nothing of him, but the prisoner said that was a difficulty which could be soon removed, and requested the favour of his accompanying him to a tavern in the neighbounrhood, where some friends of his, he believed!, then were, and who were not only commercial men themselves, but would satisfy him that he was a merchant of undoubted espectability. witness stil did not like to engage -with him, but he at last so persuaded him out of his scr ples that he agreed to go with hinm, and the prisoner took him to a publichouse in Prince's-street, where, in the parlour, he found three well-dressed persons seated, who acklmowledged the prisoner's entrance with much gratification, and pressed him to take some refreshment, which was at once ordered and brought in. To his surprise cards were somehow introduced, but how he did not knoW, and the gentlemen asked him to make one at a quiet rubber, but the -witness declined, and the other. four consequently cut in and commenced playing, the witness being induced to remain as an onlooler ane umpire. The prisoner seemed very unfortunate, as he appeared a continual loser throughout, and he at length declared, with some cliagrin, thatj he could not ply any more unless he got change, as he had lost all his loose silver. He was, hovever, pressed by the othersto continue, and thereupon pulled from his pocket a small packet of notes, from which he selected one, ana carelessly asked the witness to cash it for him. The witness expressed his readiness to do so, and, placing five sovereignsand a-half u on the table, was waiting to have thenotehanded to him whlen the prisoner rapidly swept the money off the table into his hand and ran out of the house, followed as rapidly by the others, and before he could recover from his astonishment at the extreme audacity of the act the whole of them had disappeared. He hastened out after them as soon as he had power to do so, but could see nothing of either of Them, and did not until the preceding evening, when, after leaving the London Docks, the prisoner, who evidently had not the slightest recollection of him, walked up to and accosted hbm, and, again introducing the subject of his etensive assortment of clothing, and his own respectability, in precisely the same terns as before, concluded by askin him to visit his friends at the tavern. "No, you scoundrel," said the prosecutor, "you have alreadyrobbed me once, and you don't get off this time," and he immediately grasped The prisoner by the collar. The prisoner stared at him in the g-reatest surprise, and apparently Then recol. lected him, for he told him he wold make it all i ght and return him the money if he would let him go; but the prosecutor refused and clung to him, and, a vielent strugle ensuing between them, the prisoner at last wrenched himself away from him, and ran nearly a quarter of a mile before he was stopped, the witness pursuing him shouting "Stopthief" the whole way. A sergeant of theE division, to whomhe -was handed over, produced a number of 51.-notes of " the Bank of Elegance," wnich he had discovered in the prisonees pocket, and expressed his conviction, from what he had heard, that numerous other charges ef that hind would be establ,ished against him; if an opportunity were afforded for that purpose. The prisoner declared it was all " a bundle of lies," but he was recognizedbyAlderman, the gaoler, as apractised sl ittle and card sharper, and was therefore remanded till that dareRck.-1Tliamn Ludlow, a skindresser, who exhibited three large wounds on the top of his head, alleged to have beeni inflicted by the police without the leas' provocation, appeared upon his recognizances to answer the charge of assaulting Charles Lewenden, police-constable 223 X, in the execution of his duty; and William Farmer, a greengrocer, of Star-corner, Bermiondsey, also attended apon his recognizahces, chad with rescuing the other defendant from the custody of a ewenden. Mr. A'Bscmr said, that the charge was one of a serious nature against iwopersons, founded on the evidence of two constables and another man, but whichwas materiallycontradicted by three or four witnesses who had been examined with great care, and, if their testimony was true, as it appeared to himn be consistent, there wa3s a very serious accusation against the two constables, who had used iandue violence and assaulted Lundlow in a shameful marnner. Under all the circumstances of the case, he should not take upon himself to impute peijury to either side. It certainl must be on one side, but the only thing he could do. with such a case wonld be to send it before a jury at the next sessions. Let them-hear all the evidence and decide accordingly. Mr. SNNamons said, his clients wished the case to go to the sessions, as they were in a position to prove their innocence,and grossperury onThepartn o thexpoice. noact, other proceedings would be commenced against them. Theodefendants were then formally committed fortrial, and bail accepted for their appearance at the nextSutrrey Sessions. Lasnrs.-lleorge Mfedus and Henry Osborn, w-ho have been in custody for several days, were brought up on a charge of conspiring to defraud a poor man named Henry nluke out of 45f. It appeered that the poor man Fluke had been left about 1401. by a friend in April last, and soon after the prisoner Medus, with whom he lodged, introduced Osborn to him' as a respectable ma, representg that his name was MEaon, andhat he was the Landlord of the Crown and Anchor beerhouse in the East India-road, Poplar. On the repre sentation of the prisoners, theprosecu.tor sinducedto lend Osborn4al.,for whichhe lromisedtopayhim al. fora month and gave his promiwsory note for 0. He also lodged wlih the prosecutor,as additional security, a document, which he said was a policy of insurance on his life for 2D01. The prosecutor, hainDg aome doubt of the genuineness of the document, took it to the oflee from -which it purpolted to have been issued and found itto be a mero shram, and worthiless. He mentioned this awkwrd discovery to the prisoner Medus, and on the night of the peace iumina tions his (the prosecutocr's) box, w 'hich was an the house of Keduts,was brokren open, and the shans Fslicy, the pronaissory note, and about]lb 1as. in cash, cearned away The n3riaoners, after r lengthened eraninakon, were e3mn mitedfger ttl , - -
*-MJT=ARY- AND- NMA-VAZL IALL_rGAyj.z ;The1s lt Grenadier Gu*d,' 96{ rank and file, arrived hf specil trainin Liverpool y rdy oning at ser lhour, embarked immediately on board t7 e steamer Andeff ancdailediJor Dublinat6o?lockm.a_ The Orpheus commniiit transport, lTo. 176, ariTed as Spithead yesterday evening fr Const ntinople and Malti with warm clothing (returned stores). - J . . I The Onward ailing transport No 62, also arrived at SpIthe2dyesterday evening from Cos3tantinople with 112 'mn and 76 horses of the Q andWlatteries of Roysa Artillery, and the folloing officers:-Caailbon; Lieutenants Burnaby, French,, adaendie; and-t .ton SurgeonBa -ber. -She didnot anchor at Spithfed,;but wet through to Woolwich. The Prince Arthur . screw stea-tiport, No. 85, .rrived at Spithead' yesterday evening wiithi 705 men and6 horses of tha 34th Regiment, and the following ofgicers:Iieutenant-Colonel Goodenough, BrevetLieutenAnt-Colonel Simpson, Brevet-Majors Maxwell rnd Peel, Captains Best, Stewart, Puget, Campbel, and fsapnan,'Lieutenants Cochrane and Dimbar, Adjutant Byron, Quartermaster Rowen, Assistant-Suirgeons Wrench, Hayward, and- Worthington, Brevet-Major Jordan, Ensips Kaicolm and Sheffner, of thaReserve-all of the 34th Regiment. The Jase.r stean-transport arrived at Spithead yes. terdav momnMg (as annoinced in our second edition) from the East. Sheleft Balakava on the 15th ult. 'with the Lady RusEell sailing tranrport lNo. 53 in tovw, having on boaxd 22 officers, 249 men, and 227 horse4, of the Royal Hiorse Artillery principally.- She arrived at Constantinople -on 'the 17th of June, sand left. on thes ame day; arived t lMalt on the 22d of June, landiug the folloling Passengers -Colonel Lysons, C.B., 23d Fusileers; Lieutenat-Colonel Fortescue, Royal rillery; M3ljor Pretylnan, 33d'Regihent; Major ibeld, Royal ArtiL lery; Captain Dyneley, Royal Hlorse Artillery; and Kr. Stopford; sailed from Malta on the 23d ult., leaving Her Majesty's ships Rodneyand London there, arrived from the Crimea on their way to England, towed by Her Majesty's steam-frigates Odin and Valorous. The Jason e3perieno9d headwinds between Mal and Gibraltar, arriving at the latter place at daylight on the 1st inst., sailing the next day. Contrary vinds sill prevailing,her torw-was cast off on the morning of the .6th inst., off Lisbon. She broughl to Spi,head the following passengers :--AButenant-Colonel Hlenry, Royal Horse'Artillery; Lieutenants Booth, Gore, anl Brackenbury, Royal Horse Artille:r ; Dr. Clifford, Royal Horse Artiery; Lieutenant De Morleyns, Royal Horse Artillery; the Rev. P. Smith, Lieutenant Agnew, 9th Regiment; Lieutenant Brown, 77th Regiment; Lieu. tenant Fisher, 33d Regiment; Lieutenant Hive, 234I Regi. ment; Lieutenant Syngc, 90th Regiment; 3r. Fitze, dispenser, 28 nen, and 222horses On the 27th nlt. she Big. nalled the steamship Thessalia,steering to the eastward, and on the same daythe British ship vhite Eagle; on the 3011h the Norwood, bound from London for Constantinople, The Jason coaled at Portsmouth, and proceeded last ngt for Woolwich. ad e nih Her MajesWs 4-gun paddlewheel steamer Medusa, Cap. tain S, Osborne, C.B., having discharged her powder at Purfieet, arrived at Woolwich yesterday to be docked for repairs. The screw transPort Jura, Captain Moodie, arrived-at Woolwich at 6 am. yesterday, and embarl;ed the re. mnainder of the staff and head-quarters of the 1st Roya Regiment oi' Dragoons, consisting of Colonel Wardlaw, Captain Davenport, Lieutenants Sandeman, Cartis, aild Brunt, Adjutant leep Mr. Forteath, surgeon, Quarter. master Scott, 465 non-commissioneu officers and pri. yates, and 111 horses, bound for Newbridge, in Ireland, tio join the first portion of that regiment, which arrived there about a fortnight since. The embartion of the troop6 and horses wmas ffected in less than an hour. At 2 p.m. two detachments of the Line were likeewise em. barked on bcard the Jura for passage to Dublin-namely-, 7 officers and 190 ranrk and file of the 14th Foot, and, 2 officers and 41 non-commissioned officers and privates of the 57th Foot, from Portsmouth, latefrom the East. The Jura was to sail last evening f-om -Woolwich for Dublin; . The sailing transport Arabia, No. 83, 1,000 tois burdein, arrived yesterday off Woolwich with Aillery, troops and horses, and a quantity of shot as ballast. The sailing trans. port Monarchy likewise arrived at Woolwich pier yester. day morning laden with guns, anchors, iroi knees, copper, and other Ordnance stores from the East. The field-batteryof Artillery at Sheerness, under the com mand of Captain Desborough, has received orders to hold itself in readiness to proceed with the entire battery toAldarshott, preparatery to the review of the troops by Her Majesty. An experimental rifle mortr has been laely cast in WoolwichArsenal, and is about tobe provided with its bed, whichis partiallycomplete. Themortar is shortlyto befor. warded to Shoeburyness to undergo a series of severe tesSs, the piece having been cast for experiment only, and is com.- posed of pure gun metal. The crown is peculiarly shaped in a semicircular fashion, and the two sides are supported with strong iron side straps, which it is expected wil pre. vent the gun from shifting from the basin under the force of any amount of conctuslion during the experiments whibt it is intended to put the piece through. The bore is a 10. inch, and *Mill be fired during the first trials with a charge of 30 pounds of powder, one wad, and a solid shot weighing upwards of 2 cwt. Captain J. A. Stewart, of the Chatham division of Royad Manes, has been ordered to take the command of the Royal farines on board the Waterloo, 120, Captain Tord Frederick H. Kerr, the fBagship at the Nore, Captain W. A. G. Wright, who at present commands, having been ap. pointed Inspector of Gun-drill at Plymouth. - At the monthly examination of cendidates for entry into the navy, held at the Royal Naval College, Portsmouth yesterday, tha following young gentlemen passed:-Fcr Naval Cadets-W. B. M'Hardy, E. A. F. Baxter, .W. C. J. Blount, S. A. B. Capel, B. Day, B. Hothanm, F. 0. Harts. horne, and J. J. Quin. We are requested to state th4t Messrs. M'Hardy, Baxter, and Blount passed first, second and third, and that lMr. hIHardy gained the first naval cadetship and theYarborough scholarship at the RoyalNavaj School, New-cross, and Messrs. Baxter and Blount gained the second naval cadetship at the same institution. Two ot the others were prepared at the naval cstablishment of Mr. Thomas Eastman, R.N., Southsea. Messrs. J. AL ILoyd R. IL Ellis, and J. T. Vivian passed for Master's A sstants. The Modeste, 18-gun sloop, Commander August Butler, from the Mediterranean, anrived at the Little Nore on Wednesday. Yesterday, at 6 anm., she saluted the flag of the Commander-in-Chief, Vice-Admiral of the White the Hon. Williamr Gordon, which was retured by the Waterloo. Her Majesty's steam-tenders Pigmy andLIrd rnived a Portsmouth yesterday -with supernumeraries. The Board of Ordnance have decided on considerably enlarging the powder magazines and ammunition stores at Upnor Castle, Chatham, so as to admit of a much larger quantity of gunpowder and shells being kept at that station, rendeIed necessary by the large supplies of ammunition required by the vessels of war stationed at Chatham and Sheerness. Sir C. Wood, as First ord, had a levee yesterday at t;eAdmiriaty, at which the following officers attended :-Cap. Wmin G. Parker, Captain H. D. Rogers, Captain A. Philli. more, Captain J. B. Marsh, Captain R. Douglass, Captain H. Kerr, Comsmanaer ciynely, Commander W. G. Jones, Commander J. S. EUman, Commander J. A. Pritchard, Commander 3. PTyk, Commander H. C. Glyn, Commnander E. Norcott, Commander B. Griffiths, Commander W. E. Fisher, Commasmder J. B. Emery, Lieutenant L. Deneby, lieutenanit T. Eyton, Lieutenant W. IL Payne, Lieutenant W. F. Robinson, Lieutenant A. P. I. Holby, Lieutenant. Maitland, Mr. J. C. Barlow, lr. J. Iordner (surgeon), anl Mr. J. Tomlin (master). A notification was ismed yester. day stating that Sir C. Wood would hold a lev-ae at 2 o'Clock on Eriday, the 25th, insted of Thursday, the 31st inst. The following appointments were made yesterday at thme Admiralty --Commander R. H. Risk, to the Ajax; Comn. mander H1. C. Glyn, to tho Coquette; Lieutenant C. Jr; Balfour, to the Dauntless; Lieutenant H. P. Wratisla, to the Meander; Lieutenant P. C. Sinclair, to the AZe. thyst; Lieutenant E. B.-H. Franklin, to the Bacellent; Lieutenant M. B. Smithett, to the Imaui; Idenatt Charles B. Anclrews, to the Camilla; B.ichard C. Dyer, Master, to the Amethyst; JoshuaWhiting, Maser, tothe lmanum; T. B. Read, Master, to the Camilla- Johx G. Trewin, Second-Master, to the Indefatigable; Robert. Barrett, Mlaster's Asisant, to the Osborne; George Stan. ley, Master's Assitantj to the Seagula James 1. S. 0ooer, Paymaster, to the Camnillia; dward A. 3L Chanera, Assistant Paymaster, to the Hannibal; Conrad C.Von Dadelvn, Cleric, to the CamPia; AIfred 3. Myers, Assstant Clerk-, to the Amethyst. Smith, Elder, and Co.'s Orernd sfMaiZ gives the follow ing list of oficers in the Company's service wiho are recommended to the Court of Directors for a step of breveb rank, as a reward for services performed in oonnerion withL the Turkish COntingent :-Brevet-Major Richard Crewe, 45th Madras Native Infantry- MajorJohn ohoes, 12tl Bombay Native Infantry; Captains Frederick John Gold. smid, 7tEthladTms Native Infantry; J. L. Vaughan, 21 Bengal Nhaie Infantry; H. B. Brett Bombay it1 ; Edared Wrat . Bombay Artf1lerr; G. T. Sayer Carlueratl, 1st Madras datve Infa ntr ; . E. ne, 8the a CxBkrlyreu, to W.3Boner, -wVue twl bds3aie r R, icardaon, 3d Bengel Cavalry i nd J. G. Steihe, 8t Bengal Native Infants. THE iJLTA. he lsti Devon Militi, whbich is aow at Weymouth, ilri be prantecl wiith nesu colourcs by Coloeid Ear otia onWdedynext. It ms expcpted ils tie rqimaam wvill afiortlyreturn to BEzeter, where it rill beand~
S ALS BY AUCTION. PETR BOADs nxtPERIODICALI ThJ1liHLD,Cor'hol. ad eholdKL9TA.TE% 6o0dozen choie old Wine. half-pints of Port seven yea In bottla; 10 well-executed PaintUngs ~ MESSR. LB.PUDDIK andCo. wfil SELLi by AtUC1<lO2=. their os,14 a, Oxfordstreet oelWs,tnn,av .ably fne wines. Peaeh eatull dp&axling ZsSditto oldConae3d os smnpflesobtamedat the anctieneers' one d&ierprtosu sale, ad $a a &tthle Mart, This DaO.Y MESSRS. PAEOR dOTIEON begAT n toinfor bgthepubform theseTerln?hb tE TPEL,adIrdsdfor . 'usted fr aLETf.$, atojt. TorIS DAY, sabit lilIedaollerowisth fellTwigoreaseb~ on.:-. dtaenb-n-o30n3,'nei P12pper Nurreioad,slustreed--cwommid ientae ofp9ati.mo pee anm, acThin Lestbolda dwlShopndPe midspeiseso.1, sirtuatreet 67,ndope 3. Two Machld uRen-toCwnres.ofe2cer wt tabming ea.ind cH-ho'sean 471rt adlddleseen.-Vaaoable atrctv tate, known as weMao.staen tMe ighradt Sns gt, containing about 5 6 acres-OdBrvis M l SES ANOAGEs andtrctMed O e to inforor mAL b AUheUlCTIN tat the several THOPIS TY,Juy1,adaetIse forecselE the Mart,wTng DAY,RTI at2frI il i umteda olw I.Tw Leasehold HogdusesN. sItuat YrgatdbigFe. 10 entdGlpirkeek 2. TeLeasehold ShepandPremses No. 15,ok Le -egn'parl-tee,Ladu read Sixthwasrklet on leaseol Lan Mr. Foin,hake,01 pranm 3. TweFeeholdRaae ntCargte esopha annu eache, in thee aondon Tu.llertarei'o and Tridker,.- soaluabor ttaciv ELSi stlate, Thosow Las Edsq.n, soctontainInoogabot 0 arest, a h w n tM~Acn Atiadesaegnyoffices,, 64,oOldsroeod-streetl No 1. Ordat, ~erent S-ale-u, teYlat;- 1ALANCONA is instruceted to offer for SALE by ivAA.UcyTIolt. oat the xmarts, THIS DY,rkJuly Reen, atkprcsy Mh ollowin JuI1tdoEllTwigaS tegnleOUEOTR I Ue aseodyResienCe,No;8 Yorpk-igate rtegent's-par roo 3. the Advornitur of thein rteoory ofibratery.anbe om desi 4. Siteen abocr, ones of Cophld adate besihe andoemtd od 8.th LeaseholdEstatre, nearltheble phantig arndCiatle, in the londa Folpriuasad eevcnitos of cis ale mlay Myb obta weddf esr. Ets:d,, suistr,2ingofgatl-seretalotiehe ars andtheMr.eancoa' offices, ona & Joo-stret,eeAdAlph ph Del ACTOmbolte Premhldinves,tineor-gteRcntsaro Hfna.Jly, SANd O folwinidy theL IeunH EoLD atJsub,Glargbrliaw .ont lt chmimny,adcnoegas oraetal itesms,lte furnitureuot dining romrira n eros oestic reuiits abNlV3ouNce ofplte besdenjudctome plated goo. of th beeut manuacture, vanielua~bleode panins trinciecllyrby theol masters,d boolsand Eservice ofchiATS a ondglss,ngMayfbe vupewedon SatideynodNs46 monng. of7l, Cotamatogustduonthe prea,s,m-ters,n of M8. ancon9, 8. orhnmio-street, ande teslusuldrs rmie gon-hewoleltto hk-hEl repetble teaehod ntsat rentaaoutn Goeatgrrowan's ont Tuesday July 22 a 1 for th wol roaty Meay be hieled boyaon term,ato owh teondarnts. Particulars ib pmaybe had of Vh w;o . HLarW.,WRe Br., solicitor,2, haner-lNew a GBroaw-stree; and at. threll auctioneer'oce, 9, WArbows-tre, Peity;andvaills,eb Desi,. hrableow Fpemreehol lEhvgtmels ityrO NEWBOR ZwiL EL b Y AUCTION, atth s,b o on m ealayJuly 24,at 12f jiery engwblo ituaTtO desrabLe brik-Uil with lao4D,suitable eiher, as p31at resix- d Hs ayk-housewed aund prticularysandl odte u of Out-dor hadect f H.It GraS. e. GRElicitor,FOrnl'd-ind-,tHelrnat) warrSaE'L an bt teAUCTIONee' oafices.9 PrmwLl-tet Pent-onuile. aby InipesontSaleof vluabe LesehoddEsates ituae in N toramp indn-earlac andwNrtaymptoen-streeht on andgTonbroduige-132 -A cannta, Fandhld Mat vryow.sd6 gcr of enxafolon trms, iand ninee holdandln-a.eemd ESSR GEEN(28n Oclondunctionewt)hav re. mIKUYBIedLL)u will SfrLLt by eAUtION,tthe MbArt,onThus- StG1as uWdedy.Jl 6 t1 i o in th~e mears.the reidncs,u s ,de 5,6, andma,zNortham ptontraena t atew's 1,2,m eande9,izorthamton-steeut;iendlth sitat.clousule 'a pretomisef icthelrea, wIth worksvatdopu,e yard,seds,eand aoiin large picero arden fiond-thewsa thoeltt highly &trezaspcal teene.Tloath rnsamounting cutoL erY tannum,g ind themld frlntemofit auegronsaunepxd,at ver Proderatie grobandres, beng mounlyd  abort t6e wholes pofperty.lMaye voinewoted byermssion ofthe oty bousnlsd Partilesars, withe plans, hadat theldnMa,th ofCo W. Warlis, Eso,etsolicitor.a38, New Broad-street;yo entrancurel auctioneerhal, b,laldsome~ craity; aindi atbr.eafto nd oilioes, 8, Church-row, Upper-streetincipalcoan jI eWBON PailltSELLby AUCIOratth Mat,nThrdy,QA July 24. act 12 th very notify stuate theHOLANDUSE with lt-glass-froth chap,Jgs No.rl31, Felixterrace, VM Lvroload,tlnln the m-GL2.Olt Bpovng-paret, fc thi en. reliant Busliness athorough far3e,wici nouest bingimoraneso the lndsh- 23owre n tof 18fbtwrnoon Zpeanu.Myeiwd,Pre lA hzlabldat ol i the MapafMessraqusadlytnoiitos, 8, E.Ly-plache;tt ndathe actounee' ie,8 Cuch-ow,stn o Uprstreet Htntawkar-house, lanrry-arlaoeof ut-oomry Eouets.idig and101. r. 0p.ofri (28,go OlPBndstret lad iltly SELL morredinow Julyv32.eat 12se, witou reerve y Srderofthe inagencure, the cpitolOUT-DOR EFECTS:panown m gih carriage orse mRt,ichond hurdles,puty n.nmru sfl tm.Myb uiewdera prweeigadr onn of sale.tBELb And caa Wueotiedo thogardener, ontepremises: atcheInnin ON,ihouhondW and of the auctioneGrs,yh,oldBond-sreet.a&Ior.ltsK buckllder, ssops abut prmiles 1 frotam ws 10 frome Hawredenc-hatn andn nearnly wedwayubetdweenBrg-htouns anlfeeod Tpuride-welsg -rA caPrtnitlfamily avmnsion. candt68 aore of exceedinglyose rich ooandfee bold anthsdeland-taul redeemed.Patclrancodinsrep. ESS Rikrsan SREn, (28cor, Old Brownc,OdBod-street):aer atu' Garaa,son-Vedlesdly Jumhly 16,at, 12Itt not in the meantimeo dipoed DI,COvlublBFE HOs ErstAuted tnow SEsL purke MRoue,at thoranOughly sudetyntia mee-bl ason, te adated fh ftorl au moerate-sirede ofamiYea, V.eantsul sitate,dlset the t4dyown ofb ckdelthe Ringelevte hutwel nsheltere positionda, AndisS cmandingth FESueviwsoftE hndIghlyRIcTAsNe Ofscenht erydote surrounding cOunry ESTATdin inated 0midst ofitsaoi ptehuegrd pand o gakelrae ithg produthive forchard, Ond surrounde oy Dabtouth6 and-ies ofpk-ieland t, some of th best in thf countyboridged byxhe estatecosst of th at sebd Liverpool, warmths capnta outabUings.anddeatout Me,an allresofesearyearm arbuldie, thaow,o formingd pa_ mond perfec land dsral l ropety, Smelgbleclcikeforaivetment orw ccuption, Theremlecnainedrxoat entrdayanceand inn erralsaerndsomedr2ing,rdning,. breakfat,and hstaiesen i besteed and thsecondary bjedctambers, fpourtiovnted bedt roomge and_capOf italdoesi office7s; < cach-husdTe fortfou carriaes Salraway', Ceombill' andtt ofnMesrs. etlRsdec,Gree t anes.2.Od Plea-sureeGou. s Grueed estatle aet ada WEDDICOMTBE is respeucteuly to notify that su oLanOdermd COLECtIO 0ofr the lateesr Curling, Rll., InOW, Ot t IEW' Atrtoe Ugbooms.g2. Oon Bond-.tree t,h dwil of Awis W tIc]-ktinet. hoedth afeond Phoroabov-cort, esral ESTiR. wMIRDNE fr mn wiar SheLL;dec byfAUtION oeJa YaLthes, Prohmiss one Thursdayn Jasly11', atn12 thec sine hi's, copiina 1.60bics a and pln=goudcnainin tins, tibert 14orng lead Pandl sinehl gutes partiny dnueasehl, isdelglashtpfoystuateandmandingf ieaytof wetheetano tiro thlOme sale,rCatalges h3l lad atnth othce ofMesr.ma B.ad. d sr luanthetate isit,foothpeistn m89. Tdtenham-Iourt-roades.i theSuha-pcean of Deon rGst hebeui-fute, BROWN,alat the oWtThte Hft amo, hn Ayeahu on Wednesmby, Julhyi AVLilalable ataUtieehol Esatate, factuto i the pruf -e rish of P~ol 4Itchett fro the county f Bduc ainhmonsOistingoft aDsubRailwal farm-thoue, larget cow-bo.m,andothrnee.dssantOny out-buitldgs and 8ea.blee.tSep.ylof drich fedig rdar peanstourerland,suiaby sbwithin six mPpiesoftheiown of MAyelesbr,adnwi the Occupae.adtieonhe dfn of Marsk Dancer whyor wilacow, the palremoUisesPan and purtiv. cuamayb bad, sontos aporltindto-Jhn Higrns, G ltoitsh. lad aget,ft AdfMrd erHle, siolihie heacitioer, 38 rat Jag;mes-stree. Scott, T~ahludi and Shw Perc LHucin s-oli-itorlDarmuh; and atteohte tHart Blhmermon. uldrrey.Shmort.nt Salubee o alubeFehold Esat-es.U Daunumertpowr fof s"ale, to%StLb AChlsea, ermtn, Wenesda. Jobn 30, a thdde Geahoand Ion Prichmode rat 1fr2,ingloin, TusReE substata WELLRTHOUand witVIShos extnSiEL coch bildhefers'rsopand premise. i 12 ottaes ao deAchn oresdeno te, and ninerentlyf well-bu-IltEOD dwelig-ouEs,al fre"ehold, presning in ard tienai thie delightf, loality amrrticulars and 7 codtons rare pie ao 3 ndm-rw; O beobaind at thcGor3apundeInn, Ri2hisand; 4f Vead ndSn ictors, 2,e -oCrown-court, Ol1, ad 12'cod-street: enssors.e-teandtle Alleo 7'ocirs bQ7, Ca;rlisP-sree,I Soo f es Surrey. ~ ~ ~ ~ adaZDO23Wrrn Sothelt Dotzrn,-Vauable.S Fnreeol Estts sit0.u(bate int1.hef paia of low groud. rents, and are of the estimated gross annual value of l48.Zrtheeao Y a&hlot isheld by a separate lease, and in mestessesirecfremihe freeboldems The premises may be viewed bytPermiroksi othie, tenants andzt arned particulars cand conhodion of sae Faybe , bawirths DingLhouons, Coftit ilam Bose solcior 19.Chng-aLEy,FCoHILDis o ir. J.H e T ylo,slcthPopr,1, touth street, L biAs CTION at the QnensE oTves IromepTenb; of the netiayAneert6sa 19,fChnge-sleyTCor10tg, the faolle-owin Regaben-te; andim ao?-t G Rraays OLDeEhose,&E Coshlz; anMnterr omuntr, at cpthe Oldm Fa ea 00srms, with dwelling-houses, Couttabes.ding l, yar.angrdn close to the high road, and about four milse from the first-rate market town1 Of HILTeefordwast * it is n2ow oocupied by Mr. Phil1lne and others attre annual rent of 1. Newton Farm,in the perish ofSt. Iselis onx the road from X rbe-rVa to Teuby, a deelrable owaupstlon. -witbs dwelling-house, farm-buIlings and 92acese ofamable and praettre laud; held byv My. James G-riffithr, at 06 per annum. Evown as Tenemont, adjoining NTewton Farm, is asmall holding, with cottages and buildings and 14 aces of eamble and pasture lid, lcet to Mr. George Watkins, at 10O 5e. Per annum. Tucking-mill andk lands, abOut tin-s acres, let to James Hitckins, s6t 5 8.. Kilvelgy Farm. adjoining Bt9ully aod Kinpimoor, a desirable aouptin,with dwelling-house, cot-. tages buildings, and 106 acers of arabe atand pastureland, held by Mr. Jame Guter at798s.perannm, astculam amd condittoowof eale,uthplnaofheg~ls~~ inned21 dys pIrevieus to the asle, ans myb hda te otenArs Hle,Nrhrt; arnes'He~l Addison-roaid bnrt,! ifo4ilng-hil%,- ouy r1a 7e.; ~ess_ a -gm tond renA,b Id for93 yeaj5, -MESSRS. rl7OS TER,and SON SX6 direfited W BELL'- bYA1XCTION, 'At te MAkart n Tnesday July15,~ it 12, lst* tots. (by order of thli Xmotga e, W gIto eidtached VIL.RESIDXlqCEblN~os. 17,18,19, and. 20,. Addisonsroa4 MLod. Nttig+K ocmiZd%,meet respectable tenInte.'and ha,Ing plftasnt p~rdens. 'No. 17 ts let, with %tahle a0pran., and the other nouse at 42 ; Wo., 191 adI are ol imilar valiae. MI!' by two leases (each of boosw being in aw seaaeesl,fratr of $9 year frm = ay 1830, at aground remt Of LiS forah p Of bonses MAYbe Tiewed~ permssion of thae tnani n ,rl rtreet. S0ho-square; ardof MessrL oster. 54.A-mli,I,l Wick, midway between Bath andBristol. WISSRS. FOSTER And SON Will SELL byAUC. te n ,a,tiho Mrt., on Tuesday, July l5,'At 14,1 olcin of Cwalne. ofd ahnthe' cause all that FREEHoLD MmAFfoRIAL ES?ATE aund MAISI.Dd, caled Wick Court together wlthaSwgter om mill, two pulblic-houses several cottages, fars-houses, and About 120 Acres of the firiest en msnot fertile meadow and pasture lanld, diTided into conlvenient enclosures by natural fences - the whole pro. ducIng tgrees renit of al=ot 665 per annurm. The land 4x is redemed. The tihsaount to;E3l&6 d.per annum. The rates areabout Is.ir tbepound.g WiCk is 2 fertile and beautifull wooded vally, through whihdws atrout stre.amwilt water power Of rufficient force to turn two corn mills, A ne'scuc a Lteybe built. The estateoffers many inducemsents to a ucae orsoethe stone-builtElizabe. than-ansonandresidee aWikCut cis witbln zdive of IahandBristol, and bytexrstrl orhoms'ride toLondon. W-iok is weU knowni asari ftehatis pt in the county, and nature baa been. boetfla epcssi,friiy n euyo situation. Alao theMrnrfWcadAen o-extnvewhth naih la.iron, adla rsaespoe oaon tn ra 4,000, and intrs,au cigtesm. ahvee,adpriu lars, wit AlaAns andodionosaemabeh, dasfmte sale og SiJR3 chard lfyas,solicitr 2,Runt-tre,Bnwl- narm; of Meres.Grapoy and Co., sOiior,Bdodm ;fMes, ew n abeny, socirctor,insBec-aiTep,Lodn of Mensca italnead adSnsr.osadacInes 9 Small-street. Bristl: ofMsr.iote a,adRsh oiios Bridge-street, Bristol: atth MatatheYr-os,]t;o 'WIlliamAmnos, at the (CeaWc, rr il hwteprmss n of Messrs. Footer and Son iPl-al odn Freehold and Leasehold Houses oft the late Richard Shuter. Foe. jESSRS. FOS-TER a-nd SON are directea by t'he Eeuosto SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, Julzy 15, at 1I. in lots, a FREEHOLD HOUSE 13, Buckingharngtreet, Strand, Ieton ieae atei2; a freeholdhouse. 7, crown-courk Dcea.otreet, Soho let at f3IS ann-am. The following are leazehld:-FonrhbouSeu, 2,3 .Yand 7, eud-steeatt Golden-aquasresl lot onleas,esrespectively at OO, 60. 65 andLi45 held for 42 years at 1'll ground rent each house; two houses andi pawnbroker's chop, Noe. 5 and 0, Klmbolton- plce, in front ofr. t1e high-road at BromPtonl, held for about 50years, at e10 for both houses, aLnd let on lease repcively at 12 and.18; adwelling-htrraze, the residence of the late M. Shuter, No. 120, Sloane-etreet, held for 13 years at a ground rent of 6 14a, For the Brighton Property seexeparateoadvertiremenit. May bevisewed by permlasen of the tenants, (the rloane-street house by tickets only to be obtained at Mo-tors Fostef's officea,) and Particulars hA, 14 dna; beforthsleofGWHse,Eq.olitr 5(ue-aee,Ce. side: at the3Mart; and of Mes. Foster, 5S, Pall-mnall. Rrlghton.-Copyhold arid Leasehold Houses. aud 15 Shares Linthe Brighton Gas Cotepaaiy, the property of the into Etohaxd Shucer, 'ESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directedl by the Alj Executors to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mast, London. on Tuesday, July 5, at 12, in Jots. a COPYHOLD) GROUN-D itENTof 26 per annum, with the reversion at the termination of the lease, to a noble residence, recently erected, beirigNo. 61. West-strect, Brighton. A.capitasiCopyhold House and modern double-front Sfhop, being No. 19, East-street,one of t1e best situations in Brighton let on Ieae to the Misses Grenvil]6. fre seven orl14years,at 16dper annum. A CopyholdHouzeandShop, No. 26, the coroerofMarket-strzeel,letat 26 per annum. All the ipre-ein are held of the Manor of Brighton. Fine Od. heriot 6d,, being equa in-caine to freebolo,. A Leasehold private bw_ellfing-house, No. 5, Carnon-place, BrighLton, near the Cliff, a pleasant and p0osular situation. let to-M. Hicks, a yearly tenant, At 70, and held for1 lyears,at 15 l09.9round rent, Also.1IS Shares inL the Brighton Gas Company. May he viewed by permission of the tenants, and particular had at the Ronal York Hotel, Brighton ; at the Mart, London :of G. W. Hussey, .sq, solicitor, 55, Queen-street, CheaLpside; and of Mdesrs Foter and Son, 54, Pall-miali, Weatbourr'e-terraoe.-A capital Residenee bilt In a superior manner. and on a different andI more commoou plan than many others in the terrace, with Stabiing for four horres, fittedwith the mnodern im. glorement3,and Coachi-house for two four-wheel carriages: held for years at;M4 ground re-nt. A'SSRS. FOStER and SON are directedl by the MDevisBees int trust of the late WV. S. Watton, E'q., to SELLA by AUCTION. at the Ifart, on Tuesa July the 12th, at 12. the excelent FMILYRESIDNCE,69 ~estbourzne-terraoe, builtb hfx. Thomas Ponsford, tiithe most siolid and durable mauner, fnihedM and fitted by the builder, andaince by the ow-ner at great cost, ofvwhich Possession wil be given on completing the purchase, The receptionx rooms hare all the esnitlals for elegant quiet life, yet with evey facfiity ande pa ability of accommodating a large party, capital dlining room, ladies' budoir, library and morning room. The chamnber arrangements are goed and ampoe, having the extra storysof rooms; the soldit o th bildng s ridncdinthefat tattheme has not been TAllinton-street~ ilo, between Vauxhiall-bridge-read and New Belgravia, MESRS. FOST'ER and SON wre directed by the 3FMSorteagees to SELL hr AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tueseds July 29, at 1.2, inaene or mnore Iota, a capital LEASE HOLD ESTATE, connosting of 12 well-bualt rvte ouss bLeing Nes, 27, 29,31, A35,35 17,.39,41,43,45,47, and 4l.1ilinto-o= t,Pimllco, let onleaweand to 'vrl tnats at very, mcderate rents, amounting to 6A00 per annum ted esof Mr. Cubitt for aterm3,of which715years are unexpired, aagrudrent of 12. There houses have been erected hutsa few =ers they ame and have been fully occupied by a respectable claiss of mm- h resenLt scale of rent is very moderate, and an adrance maybe leaked for. This property is worth the attentionL of persons havini oney to invert in leasehold houses as It is a compact and desirable estaLte. Mtay be viewed,and ariculamrshd 21 days before the sale of Messrs Marl5en,Tiaomas. and Hollms soIi;cjtors,Mincing_lane; at ite Mart : and of Messms Foster, 54, Pall-miall, fioubgate, near thae Statirrn-Treehold Houses and several Plots of Buildinag Loud. ESSR.S. FOST'ER anod SON are directed to SELL AlLby AUCTION.. atl the Matt, on Tuesoeay July 29. at A2 in various lots, several PLOT of valuable P1tErflo_D BUILDING LAND, at Soutbgate, on the Great Northern Railway, near to and ad. joining a considerable nalghbourhood already built and occupied, the whole within five minutos' wralk of the Colney-hatch and Soutbgato Station; offering great Advantages to themo who may desire to build in an eligble situation, silt!er for occupation or letting. The P lots of lan vary from gites to erect one or two houses to others of large dimensions, the meal important extending over about 20 acrs. with extensive frontago on the ugh road from the Green-lanes to Southgate. Also aGothls-bulltdetsbchdltecdenoe,inBet'e-stie-rooduneatlyfsd othe Houestes,allfeehld andll freeof landi-toad.Th n teIgBorhodg Is well enuplied wIt w terfom Wasteor-worksrnac te. r t.Pl M Earti.ulaja and plnSwl OeNedy2 aysref diethesl,ad may beL h byo r.Pros UppTIO atPark- on theletae of 29srs Cham-intw bers an subrdentarcitecbs, 7. GeatDFewer-treet;eof less v a.tn thomas,it an soutlamsp nclioga, e MWln-i 'laed areorediManc Trt;taOf St.idaeansthe arrace Ma Whilt e st,sHarrow-ad,ya near the fBridg carein bildig tesa a towellbomaetredrpance. godtWr evrweSre FO T adSN reigs marbe ctdtoneLL= andN,thetihneaMr,o stesday, July 29, o ath1eiw rotion,eiha. ot asp ct aost welbly placged, andor oeandmch oee the bridgeant the Haro-ond,Whiesbtntialitys hampbeen the reepirst era om buldinf tes hones,aell-romat uerured panzad godtae are eveywer observable tIn rovaired,ortingslmebepighoimnsypldecos, arandgoteronamna portionsyevince astephi adv tanc ofuistheusua elmiegant comforts fccptin'thdn hero ismample, thle reception ing have been carefully attended to. Messrs. Foester would sugest a view to allwho maybe in want of aresidenocein thisafashxogAbla neighbourhood, an well as -to thooso whomay belooking for a safeinvestment of capital. Held bys arto leases direct from the Trustees of the Paddington E,state for yea~ers, at only 10 grouad rent, May bo viewed unttil the sale, ar-A particulars had of Messrs Crowder aud bmardaa solicitors 57, Coleman-3treet; At the Mart; and of Messrs. Foe65,Pall-masll Iteigte, Surrey,-Deiht!l Sie o ils rRsdne of the UM~~I'SSRS. digat clas JWSSFOSTER and SON aye directecIto SELL iVby AUCTION. at the Mart, on Tu'esday. July 29, at 12 tulMvarying from three to 10 acres, FREEHOLD LAND, within from five to 15minutes' w,-lk of theoReiate TowngStation,being aportion of Wray Park, In whi:ia already are many important mansions, occupied byfamiles of thriset rezpectnbility. It would bedifficult to overstate the beaut:i and alvantages of this property, for the most a elevted and cheltered grotathe eastand north byhigh rages of~ hills, the surface irregularly and deel undulated, givin te charm of variety to the scenery, and individualty of situation to each lo:, with. out interruption of prospect or anno0yance Of overlooking proximity. On thu more elevated potons ame seen the Rergato and Banetead Hills, the Gatton Woods, the, Leith Hills, Box-bill, and the South Downs, The fertile valey of Homeedae adds to the richnees of the view. The healthfulnessof Beigate Las become a provrebh; the soil, besidles a fine loam, is a coramixtuire of sand, gravel, stone, and chalk, all found on theestate. Theme amsrings ofthe urest water, which in several instanes haz bon (ouveedto the resi enres In building a Countri reieneth yie-c fzae o thtemr prnopetbe ompnae 8ir ilu heotikysra rlsse h fiettfores tarees, givainglan ai of url aneur ad ipatin Mthe ch Aractrof weletablihed M resi-n dentialenlymet. The entdan isredeefmedilans anodesparticuar ar peparng, nd my aneiod,2tdy beforen thie e,teof MoarpnChawm bet ad ore.arhiecs,Ornathenetalwte:rofTMesss Marten etoratis adHlacs slciorn Mnin-ane;liat thesuarty cmand, of Mess porincent Cotton, Eal , pTigthe entire paris of th Msadtngpey, in the luxuint anaportiOnf She, fields, Paihe thrk latterwithinrth aeecletmadborosg ofaumbrde ethendn r_over 2au7 acres, stoethe rwihte angodcncien Mansionman of ark,nnshedude h EaSSil . Fulngprods;ta are pbid SoNare idiirectead bytagsi on hL estaite Vfincley Chtturchs wthn b parlTO , anittewar t,hon buesay.Auu st 19,hat 12 inre one lot,enb zt hAisE clebated four Thelsatom Csmbrdg MTnsitncie asanortifawmentyfor aholes'cidenti theroblery ord foafaily s lunritan,lced indi nthewiethouft park withcL manifientei timber andy ornCambrdenlwae. The -alaextend etatei wholet 2,57inacres, mtso byboogho naturaldfene, and arhe'n idte an frotamfor uilin e amblepat o the woeistat epro.h infethe mluurheisutaspectifthe freelds,The park andv o teUnclosres are excelilent eadwit ted pdastures; ofthe farm-hoswety nd home.s ftademreineetoof conitoe Cmandgeshiehoofthdgae isunshl aundernthe fOnAndlyf arlogeroe;W,KSrn threrearbl thess,idmn Malt ndcotte ondthf esate,Foseradndle Church5 Pall-wIthntepr,anLtwsti beau.tifulpotthatinporedn Manraywhe hanwrote hi celebr Atdveey The stiongmatndmpoctence aran netet o eieta prpry o-o Ami 'lyhrtane anM i not witou A TIts politll infnecei te ouny f ambide th e landrs etedo nth hg rogadto wtith he limit I of the borough Of Cabridge, an 7hda preen sits undrnaesg forvi bulyding;atf resentte whole katI uolder h plough. aThemoijthesofth it wil h inetEuLDe inieucas,i effrMt makngs cothgesadestatt t ltofre, the cotiget ofthdUivr sity onBMadisy with thebe ardvie,antages 1oftheo bes soietyrwl alwmays gie dthrisnestt aoan atby the mereofsa renotal, adngleymwoodn oNasb faiturite mleasetgrofuteCals-ixdgensh houns, and gPreamoeis abundat,ie Particuar ande plans, oftClemen tFyrancis,e o Mto PPo,Cmrig;Msrs. ,adW& roUa udllaiinteog etbe.h5r0gtt(tithe-admeasurement, 220a. ir. 20.Themuanionof-NaiLh is surrounded by delightful. pleasure grounds, is situ ate onea lofty eminenoce, a,bout elsbt milesfromthecityofBristcL contains capitaluitesofrooms, andalt sutable and convenient ofices is ino mplete repair. and fit for the ret1denceeof afamily offdistinetion. The views from thehouse and pleasure grounds are beautiftl beyond description they overlook the rich and fertile vale of Torlbury, the coonflu'nce of the rivers Avon and Wye with the, Severn, the Bristol Channel and the Welsh Hills. Lot2. All that the Manor or reputed Mranor of Clapton. and the mines l nd royalties thereto appemtaint,ng also, thse veral capital farmns, kniown x31p6ring'A Prarmr, Court Farm, New Far-rn, Wick Farm, Welley's Farm. and Stanburys Farm, the :Black Horse Inn, at Clapton, and sever-al cottages and gardens, all situtet in the Parish of ClaPton, c otigisn to lot 1 and containi3g togetber 59ia, Ir. 20p. Also the Advurwaun of the, Rectory of Cipton, which omrisms the rectory house, 35 acres Of gfahe, and the tithe rent charge whic9 stands commuted at sfSO per annuam. Mines of coal, iron, and manganese, have been found in this lot. Lots 3to 12, adljoin 1o12, and comrnmp the Manerof North Weston, d seTeralcapital farMs,. lying in te hamlet of Northt Weston of about 70 aces, 40 naceg, and. 210 acres, some cottages, adaother co5es, and with the' Hjll Farm, of about SO acres, which is now for sale, stretch to the Blristol Chnel,, andform adomaiuowhIch anyEnglish gentIemasi maight be proud to ow-n. Amongst the other let* Will be found a capital farmi of about US acrMe~in the pariobhof Tiokenha, and LodwayPar-m,inthe parish ofrt,George.oDntaining abetl74acres. Forfaitherticlua and for tieketsto view the manson, aplyate toots land-2 only, to Messi Cookeon and-Wainewright, 'solicitors, 6, New-s4uarc idncoln's-inn, londoe; andasto all the lot*,to M,, Daniel and bx soLcitors, BrlstjS No. 4,Charles-street, St, JsAmeefi-IquA 4ar red OCa ky ~ PurnIture 31 ~X brt anmouncethat .-AtisSALE,. which Wms previouly ateertise to take plase on lively Plu pmr DA)r, Tuly IltlLat 12 for 1, 5snd wil iuelssda a vst ssgemsbl aof handeWes CARVEDi OAK'fff'flSg for the ElH MB1I'Me Sitting :teM ant 096K-e Capital easpets, ouIaJs.eulnn~s~ss,tw irn afe, O vsafs bofaes, hull fitins ad d*nrt squlrtus,sad 'eSci=ousetsLu Maibenew-ed, and se sk"b AtIft Zlwsed IZusamtx UoUcd ,e ~ Awnj 3Modern Pk-~es ~~rx. VISLL byAUOCTIOX,.t. hi. ~ykGller~ Ne BeeSesO OilTasaay,the 15th ls, ,atl IL e- tar the several stlso h onug aae n b iJ 0. XucAttt ep Po.br .Et P. daCartona Shle .Ms rtt Ptchledone Euea Greuze Bone Rtondsn -Deckar Itacux Hness selaro Waterloo Dorcy Wion Alsoa. feww er-oDloar drawingshfraned an pD lsyrtfolio. Mray bieviewed Baturday and Monday Preeigte aul,ad caUlolgmeo bad. Onslow-squae.-Mdoder-n Bnuitisr, Glasses, Flute andPlated Ware, Iand Effects of the late Mrs aworth. * u .PHILLIPS in instrmcted by the Administrators ILL o SELL by AUCTION on the Piemises, 45, OxWow-quse,m Br~oitou. on Thursday, the lids imZt, at 1 PreciseY, lbs excellent FURNIITURtE:including a drawing rucca suite in rosewood and walnut, with chintz curtains, handsomr pier and cbimney glasses, Brussels carpetg, a full octave cottage pianoforte, of.britiant tone, ornamentoa china. docks, and decortive objects, maoganmy dining tables chairs and sideboard, staty and other car-pets ; the chamber furniture Includes Sunboganz winged and singlewardrobea, four-poet and Fsenclhbedsteadsa and bedding, wash and toilet tablee, and the ussal up nirdages,sssefal chin an glss wre,anddometiareqisies;part o the serv-ice of, pelate consstn eofeteand hotand waiers, eIrst2 fErameo, tiea andcfee serviice,otldstneds,oabe cndlebstik randoslts,Tplatedises, w Phe HrIcmor,LatPS he Leo tea, of whS trEL bay'benow TIONpliatin r Phisloops,- 7$ New Bond-street. Th eFreid ay, Shis be vewednWeneady pecedng nd ctalgueshadonhpremnises; A. Cellr o eellegnt Peorativbet and SryWiE,22Caets, of Oned trenc lijR. PHILLIPS i nsgtoute tnounceL bya he w- SELLTON at his-IOom, gew tRor leBond-street. onFia,Stlas. apt 1dfor tpresey 1a CEsLL aR of spreirwlyted elrgncial consistsas'saleandgol-coourSheries, ay fewmdnent ofwdeast endiapol udeirer, Claartedts,oCampagns,- aondosweet country inapionts alo 21 csisigo Wes of seryineodcagask crdnlnedor enight sofywiTheole wtb hesofildornin the proshero ctadustin theaccounts. Smr,andlegmld, hacoueredays prevziousl ihmaterial. octhapgonoa, and thcinculars tastedt, They glasssitn modely curviue, frach eaSties bofzesi Curtahina, mwodn eBe md illiard Tab6blegan ecrtive Obrajeictuds an Efflee walnpte tooa MolSs R.t HiftllIPS dbog eds t announcer thatI cheh and Sctuenay. the d9thinsg . atm precisealy, the eml pengant DRAluing satin ofI seteof ova tleats damancran o eight feeofdetywithgow bc.s wit sofbags, losungigeadother chah=oyer Ain walonut coroaod, and gold,r coesedw ith- and soamen ricumteral,ne ocaggon,~ to.a,h aridoirclrtmbens, sird mdembiliad tie;th lirarinlues wardnoble walnut wood booelcast e -stah pae-glasder, ontedsa S arndother Etates, catIlwirs, an anole PetIofLoPa als,ansigtrfeetsiebad wit gELas bucy sareas chIrs and bsofasoensit, dNowBnerw trest, do. usdy the apoitmnt oft. atIe prncipal, sunI eess dseconedaryi chamers cmersairnb priatean mgtand tiscood) Tua - AY bin four-post,Iand EIrench hemtea n, bed-ow gruding, large Spanishmaogany wingaled rud and sigltarobstcestsl ofi draers inardens-tophand foratherm wasbut0 and antolt tabpes,m chentS anthereb Tedressing glsss ecelleto frueeold, Toheay velvetpile, arnod mdert cmpinsto apt o t he dr everal roooms service " of thble princial chna, andr glass,end other effmerts, May bhe biemedte day br-eading Ano egant detacedsVilla onfthes Sprting-gever Estate, at erewirts, MR.iu PHl LIPSode impinoTremen d tol sEplLe wythUeIeYe. TIater atnhis eitq owmto the Bond-tr eet,on, Tuesday, the l ist.,at 1 preciel,-ulesso diwoedofi the metrpls nswaantied by prvthe guroudefmhee-uates of a nsa acre,y wallsed round,ybe and tasefpullrl outsingarhens;thel forpations of 1,000 yea frnit at a peppercorn.rn, threy ronwveenderin itletua to breeholud.a The Phinter ofioraane-, m3 ent comp-sris w rwn om,dnn omheetpicia anIfu excellent uper chamboers Donthebas erment dsbeafs roo han goodtdageetDo offies,untoing SEverby AComfOrt atheewth, having alldth modemn sicprovbete wandrehose sbppied Noth 0x-1 cend.twter Hcand. ein olose to theo Baermonsy setaween, offer Sacn- dStiantcsun6icLenwithe ithte mertrooi, and nlt fgmn oelnsathedsouthe oMrequirementsof aemaI fail, Poknssessonmy~ beo bad, Endw the pr-. chsefwl havethe optio sofictaking. athettf-uriturent a-vluaton, toh'be newar viewed byf ticets, Moobe obaind at Mr.p Phillipss offiers, t ImaUreovale sall FDeehold Prtateg tyPDecklid, Buremond sey, 1irSSRS. MIOORE and TEMPLE aore dinsrected b .1kthe ortae prmtrl SELL by AUCTION, at theMatonWdeayJuy1.t 1.inart,wonlt Wensay July improatble FREEHOLD POESTATE cof stw saiDgo heuseelanduatmodemebrick-builtlwarehouse, beinggRga.c30e e1 mange,3o4,HiJman's4aFolly Dockhead, Bemenay bhetRween thrSancb anwua ef n h Tith art,andaolt o ground fo nte osnw ontthges southre tmside, wt matashofrth dita-no frnementp'5rs.lees t 2 aMr2.WbPcartcular ofkMr. Hi-ll,a greagroe2, subjckmofieandsFol, who en wil show ther propeUitr. - of John Lotte,aEsq Fisoliitr, , uartetP-buldigs atheolboMM elo~teMr;adof M'essrs. Moore and Temple, auctioneers,4 donfed-tecct., Small Freeold andit,a Uppehor Eorwotd Surrey.a Suar tey andWta-i thalatc,sex, MESSRS. MOORE and TEMPLE are disrectedl theo-LetoSSLLbyAUTONatth ArTI.aontWednsay,tJuy10 at 12.in twultots, atvery inpronae loREEHoLDmpc LFROEteTD cOnsst ingrof Threwell-bivat ue andushop, leth fotoan back Burrougs, ch,oec3moanger 3A Jeuamotaes-sret Peucabuma, near. the tollembry TraAT raises atNherear;, at Cothod HouyetadSo, bnt Woomatd-storeet,iWal makyear- at held ao9 year suaet toyde andaui roenteofd, pr annum,so tohe viwd ateia ntepemises ; of ThmsM aFA. slctr. 2 Waeorgste euses soictor 25. Holbush-pTaver, Fnstowy-equll; also at the Mart; and of essrs.Moore and Temple. auctioneer s,. Blcmideld-street, city. AVeaseipl Laehold Esat,a'tUper anord Surrey nertersa t:rSSS MOORE and TEMPLE are directed by Itthe MorteeandeotoSrLLge obyAUCTION, at the Mar,onWd oWenesdayjuy1, atl 12~a , in oelt,rea comate La e INIOLPRO-Ey ERMIT of Threer FiatnHuse, wisigoth ofroth anebckgadeneso., Pollard, 2,ondw. BetlagreCotage, Bndeuxte-rovd prear.s ath tHoery-bus Tavupern Uppesrs.oWoodt, at hslmdo snderaiylet, hurt 1estmatedht ealize849 yarhdfryeaearsg acret; eao ed.r opeviywed.sParticgf dublero arotetheoll-ush davem,l Wouestjow-ni;aloatthextmiaeto andops Grenstrs. oor ehand Trempe, aouctioeers, 4BlMr.ield-treet ciNnty.e Veryaeigiblequaeol ates madedo6Xand Busin lowremises,vatleuabl- Bene6calIkwotgreeno andouWestihinesld.msaWsnuse ESSRS. MliafORte, and othEimPLt edrctdb J .tELTruStee adiMretgaee to SELL by AUCTION, atthMa, on Wednesd.Gay,gJust1r,t 12t, TEIShe tote, aJeulyre t1 SIMPOVE, cinT. of UOPear- anum ariin out of tnlihe rlntdn. no.32 Polwe lard. ro.t2BSe1thn-renrod and oteWexditeniv premies, atrn thldera. Ticupied. bloy fewsossWaotf fandCo nde aglase. for2 yea sesofcars,anhdfs4 yeas t agrDoun en;aiewa aypsehugLd Propery,gonsisin o CaaZdoubehratdhou e-e s and a tsal thoue slotuing wi the Auctinensrowockshiopi V'labniadqae sum,ol and hed ort 00oyers,ca alwrntd thuFrdi valabe oenetiaLease of chos cosiuoddl siessmh Froemiexondistinused fo JWootr o h EL aIvS n os ir 4,e bthel fuir 1 eas,at-the orgnal greudrenitrof tOpra:nof telto ho. J.eed PaatrsntoELarsonthUr~tiguust premises; roflThom as Ang toL ondon.,s close or- the,Watlgty~ Btatonfedsr. and Pvlof- Mressrs Mooreh andwch Temchpleoatihaeing 4, Stocnofa otthlo mercfhant nearlynonew poron an, ileatheltoumn roa, OdFrd-thenianfrte, andbl fothr Effecits.uldnprp3s CIanb veLLIS unis thre tead patoiSElLrs byt pUOlOn at on tin,L b9 tGiedeTorsP.ger'6ssretes. THoiS DAr, Julye1,atr1h-steOet, comprisiGlb upazdemf 100 gndross of RoyalsPcaret,hoo, Tavend,in ges hWoonwch th paremises; and at the offices of the auctioneoer, 10Minoies ldity,e~ciy Valuable Frzeehold Land, at Kngsort ooandc an l ord.iny the coniSuofEsex. ant tidesxhe whole exonerated fo A%rR ELLIS is directe-d%b the Hers-at-Law and ALdmbistsmtrix of the late M. J.3. Patterson L to SELL byAlAUTION, at Garraway', on WesniWeineday, July0 t 32 n lt, SEVE. n Plot,TOTILT of FREHOLLA D, potoLAcing, and stu reide con-mige tguous theother hin roue FroBarkingto London.e cloe tow thmee rawa statiton- and Pailonmegardens, Nothg Wo I wch, eandh dplt havin1a feb:teli;sfrontage of 16 feet byth& depth of 040 feet. loFurPosofrterehol Land,utsth iorner oftheoremenoadlReidstutoonthh roads,earhe oma romad, Oldtiord; thenoftire eligibleafror-imedate of4,byuadenpuh ofos Caneraots a be viewed until the sale, and particulars, with pasadcni tioB nd odtin,obtainedehmalofes Esoita.sRo=,Eq,slicitor, 70, ecue-tet acucstetat the WlbhTvrn ie-ud-rot Hoyal, Paviio Tatvtern Nort Hootwichmba at Garraway's ; and I at the offices of the auctioneer, 10 St0 inorics, city. Vpialuable thFrehldstramndatKngsteBonzand Faruham Cain the,ountdo M dR isJ. rixo thLEIK late ir SEL 5 AttrsC.TIO S at b AUCION grat GRoom~", Comail,igstetorntgWrednesday,July3,a 12. in lot, atW 1prcslO,tSermm TC of EHLLaND ne sPituAte ; incambridge grve the osthronoina thlesFrnklp-end,y Tupset the Saew Cemetery i Kinsto he ormr wthanc fronage omzr 3eet, fndaepathot 116es fee; te ftte fontgeafn2 fet cwit et of 140t n( Seor thergeabous v lo2 Poso Freoldingno, sitae, sod cthelhgheshad.fo 3Famba erstation; wen fc loinxhavedb ahe frotgageof41 by aSepth of 210 feet, ateno 10thadeprth of MM .fet anduino are 208fa eat adsqar lowrthraoudeto. Cnybe viewedbyilth rusale,ofatnd artcuas, itha obtine of Thomaioem, s* soyltor, 70,. prv auatoth he, m id ite Har tHouteld ttteBs Holctel. 4Faroba t's-arrawBush-land. Cano-t tetofe of the Mauctioneer 110 Mierem ons, city. igWlim-se,Lodu-rd Otc lean eholr Ins estments,Rfoes srmalls Maintals,taint, n JOSS.G STEE. W. l 1SELL bn SlONSO (ateo TION "tthO " O X03~&&WW 14,At n O tICIAh; includWing eciruetbl pcale andE eyeglaOes ectiacatly mrachies,bttgeries,dceymiath gar,de., lan ecosfnt tothe aBs ol, suaaresviveon pat,eintgstls alseo aclector fmneas n acsf9 cubtani and poeIItihedge thre -ab netsfr-Keminerlsornhls Ourhrors; n iclais a bwellviewe onte dawpior gardnd moring Nof s1l, Aedoltloegusd had, A stjreet Nalo.t; STa N boTregts t-oDmannouidnce that the SALEof tis iportnt CLLECIONof oldCanS SalleThesday-Nulo1. CatalQuesmaytreht d tof doL 30 Sevn,s$ King-street. Covent-garden j3jR . LEWIS begs to announce he is instructed to SELL by AUCTION. a above, THIS DAY, at 12 punetualy norlon beingby order- of the Sherifi a lamee aembtsee ot leSegnt HUSBEHO0 IFURSITUP, andv vuableDECORTIVEITEM inclulding two brilliant-toned 61 octave cottag9e pianofortes, a listly wainut-tree draing room sute, modern bed chamber appdges handsome Spaih mahogany dining room and librarreoninstes plated artces wroughtIO onate. chinauiceainnmsho-aluble aen t more fuly detailed in The Times oeterday.. Maybe-eisa-Ld. an cataSlognee hd of -4isupso, Faq., St. SwshItn's-tans- Of-the officerBell-aUey. Moor-gate-street; and of the auctioneer-, lS,'lbesreet. city. J~1. in f n.-Bomc-as. - _ y ubE Jnl 15 iT fto 1th7{e followring7dal B Oi S'T, oonsi3ng ofarble,rsture, hop, andmrh'sand, siuatein tee ral patisbes of Warehomne, Orledeone-Woodchaurch, Snve. and Ruckinoe, in Kent:-Loti. Two pieces ot Woodland containing togetber SOS-. Ir. 7as., or- thereabouts, and respectivey caied Oole Woodaurd Windsor- ood, and situate in Wooschurf ck To o sn occupation of the proprietor, Tot 2. The Grst Reci, iitte in Warehorne and Urlestone, cositatulng s. 3r.21p., or thereaboels of arble and pasEure ld. with a newlored farmsbousetheren,. azd ban, stable. lodges, and yrd T roerty s sowi U oeoxa pation of Mr. W.IJ, Erpp, uinder a laefr4erfocoso Octoobezr18. Lo. Apiwe ofrl nd calld the Canal SliP, situate inteprs!faseon.adi h oocespatlon of Mr. John Wooley. tidralas o-lysr rm1thOdoOber,UK4 Lo0t 4-SevertLlp1oteoso,pceso rsaMcl ad coutenmlsg togsther35L. 2r. Op.. orth situaeilthep of Ituckinge. nsav, sadorlesto. aow in the ocuptlon o lr HenrYwoodlad, as teant from yeartoyear. Heis ndernoice to onitat Mi3bhebass next. Lot5. Tbree otber pieeeeof f Marsh and belldingstlees, and led b Blac Barn Lnd, atate I SeAve, ;D theOepatu of Nr. (u-la Jone a lam lefo 14 Ileslnoen-ehs ILedmae of2E th asetma Lower Toteobmns-Froehold Howes and Ground Lents rtrion-yow, _ ULnion-s 4 quare, anms front of the high road prdcing 115 kmr arsumt Iese R 14 theRk Benastsalb thw snotft -DUL EN andl SON awe favuiured 'With instretions X rmtIe Truste arid KIecuiers oc Mmw Xmzy Botrialso, deoeased, to SEI.L by AUCTION at the Xart. an Tnue;day, July 22 at 12, inx three. ots, valuable IEEJIOL1D 3ZSTATFS oopoisig 25 hm nUnreot-square, and.inclulding the who&e cc. -aIen:row' with two hoomes and shops on the = Osaate Maimm AlIad and llazton,) fronting the high road, lawer otlna,Xdkmoposite lbs Independent Chapel, Let on leasmawhich txptre in 1860, 1871. and 1578, art the wayeral pround and rewsere recta of;60. 17 T2,amdet18 May-be viewed byleoare of the tenants;- particulars flTdof Bo Tysrti Paine, aud Laytotn, aoli..tore Church- sga uildbllWat the Mart: and of Pollen and Beti. S0, Wor tt, CoI pegate. White Hurt-lanie, Tottenbsm.-Valuable iFeebold.Ground Rents mcd Building Land, withi early reversion; also a Yreebold Cottage Real. dence, knoltzi as the White cottage, pleasantly ectuate the comner of W"hite Hart-lane. I -ULLEN ad SON respectfauly announce that they ar e directedby tbftTrusteesrandaExectautfsctMr.Maxy Robinson, to SELLby AUCTIONs. at the Mart, on Tuesday, July 2-2, at 12, FREEHOLD GROU-ND RENTS. amounting to 17 l3s, oer annum, arisinefroms A Taluable ipiec or r-soel of land, with 10 dwelling Houmaa erected thereon, rituateon the norith side of White Hart-lane, !f'ottenbarn, witha-valuable Plot ot FreboldLAud adjoining.formnavc the garden and grounds of the ComnpaosesPublic-house; the whdoa let at Foundrents amounting to 171lIe. per matnom on leAase which sip ie in 1872 and. 181, when the purchaser wil nome into possession of thre reTersionary incressed -value of theproperty. Also a dairable FreeboldI detached Residence, called thB White Cott*ge, cheerfuBly eituate at the cornier of White Hart-lane, let to Mr. Adilaron until November 18ilt at the very low rent ofU D20ae annum. Mlay bs viewed by le.-ve of the tenaiuts Particulars bad of Mesms TyrrelL, Paine, and Layton, molicitors, Church-passge, Gtuidhall; at the3Mat: and of Poalen and Son, 80, For-s-treet Cripplegate. Freehold Hiouses (Jock-lane, Smith-field, piroducing 75 per annum. aLE nd SON are directed by the Trustees and P 'xsmorsof Nmr Mary Robinson. deceased, to SELL by. AUC- TIO. a th Mat. n Tesdy~ uly22,at12, an eligible FRIZE- HOLoayW sl)NESMngTn.-inethe oly GofuLndon ceeenirin of:310. thee dwllng-houses,uwit shops Twoe c24,tan 2ouse iLdSos inthe occupti on ofedy Mean 2. Patge, duande Slim.L GROUaNDsa ntrenT1, amounting to.( T6ipL eraupnun. aybunvietly byemd oftheo epten ant,Priuasad ofstn dw eln-osesrs buUdrelPie, yardci andton, awi-h cnLtors,sUcto Church-passage, Gulldhall; adoPlenandc Pon,le0. aone Stn. e0, Farip te% rplegate. Seolloway-pla e mple-bgto r-Fseo reLound 4~Reunts o- R1e.,tbun DLMNaxed SON~ are dinsrected by the Trasteesad JL mdRxcutrsofM5rs. M .6 Rbinson to bE )y AUCTION, a atthe Mart, on Tuesdy ul 1a 12, valua12 oREcHOL. GREEOUND GROUNDS amouba tof 37 ans. t .erain, emumdsanplyaEessed outpo optiarae substantial dweing-oooses an prerideNos.ar12 and eb3qu withl lairge-larneno. lethetree,aud-. 7 CeeomwiesiU-pleHo, 4and 5.e dolway.g hoase, shonoftPaherhIghroad4we atH rllwe'Acthe, a4ioiingtheDuke tof ofr Messrs.houPeligadotin; let on twoesleases, expiT ring1DB in b viwdby leave off the tenants. Particilars; had of Messrr. Tyrrell, Pie Pan,and aYAyn. oliir, olchur uch-pasagsae, Guudhldt;llndat Pole andrt an rIulnadSon, 3 0. Fore-street, Crip pleWate eehStrerb's-plae eplete-barF mehodGondi Rhenits.Ldn PUiLLEN andi SON are cnstruted by the Trasteesan and Ecuore of Mrs. May Robinson to NELL by AUCTION,.a a~the M1art. on Tuesday, July= ath 32, altat 12 ZEo'fok FRREEtHOLD thresubsMwtantial dwlighoprusesingd threuises oere. 12tat and13 Lttle Sahsirelae *Fleetb-street. and No.g7. Cromwell-place,fand the dwelling hndous,mhp,aitdpteslbs 1.powMer oS--tee-I's-lc, otgthe eDukeex oleYorkepublic-house; letron lesseeWahich expire bn le0v. ofytbe tenswedbPaeticulofsthe oenants.smParticularse hando Mesry.oTyrrolt Pamno 0anLaonsoiio,Chrch-passage, Gul)ldhall; at the Mart;anoflUean S, and FofrPIIoneand Son,plg8t. Fr-co.Cipee Hoeu-tset rpesgadjoiningoldinvetetntecto odn U 1LLEN and SON are directed byh Trustes ean adExecutors offrs Marysobison tobSELL byd CIO~a AaXNatthe Mart, on Tuesday. uy2 t1, l thtJIEC fFyEO GRElOLND,wtthsopr buildingNT coereupong teretd iutn Boonth sd fBehsret npeae the corner of Redrcose-rtret chontfainningneand eeur treneents1 lehin,dTh prmssienhonit Beehrotleet,n eand toMre.e Jon le!ase fora temo31 yas rm13,a canet rent of 4 pr a8u.pe Anum a evee ylaeo h Paten uant, ofo esmesr.Tceiie n ntn oii tr.Church-passage, GilIdliall; athear;ndoPoonndS, Y0 ore-street, Cripplegate. Ftotiewes anda GoterandVslourmnb"eFreehld PobetIic-osnd foire, Housr Sddes, adoinCoting, Mit-areetg Boprough. nioul ID nslvency.-d SOthe Mhareldirete byrtherd TrsUptees N and ROExecTo oMREID wiry SEbiLon dcased to SELLby AUTION atero the Marovisona ATineesdnay rsy July 22,4t1. nimotant, FREAEHOLDPINVSTMNT;, comprising thodeOldJuhostice pToslI- Boroug, the coNewWrof row-street, an lsto theus wlithg-bous aOd cho adoiing. andfeurterrneionthwstehndeofNeOldJutic-court; the whngole elet for lase topMre Job ergnf2or1year s, ro 848, ala clear netrnto Th00 piaer mannm beyb vieewed byricleave ofy the teantof Particulashadkofrege yc,Pis and Hariyson,lictsoliritormponstre,1los Church-pasuage,atGuidal;at hs Mr; andf o. Polle Grand So,l0 Frore-street, rpleae SpFittins.of ael-Groerad Crouondn ases Paten IiLngm hl Mariine neous Effectarss. lIAR. ROBERT BREID will SELL, at Gisrroas. on ThGredatyMrlrughetre4, on % L SEOnDayJl 14. tU11DrI,n ofUTR ofr theum isualy descuription,si brocnsK ftting, consistingn( of Wceiffeeand tgarndils set of sc and 6 weightHe,ja-pauoe_ 11miq,tes- cuThers penetsrcrna of drwes,ge bournrs, groceries,hcolours, d may perbuviewebd. es Pandvariousy items.o Maysrse voielaedo Soda aned, Reid.a4oGreeatda. orohtre Inaluablencyhol-RnesLthenMthaIte nlewghbourth-road,o Oslnford 'iR. ROBERT REIED wiHiSELL, at Garraway',b IT re o hc rviinlAsine n Thursday, July24a.Zind ot,a!-~ E at12, LEoSEiOLDPboues,wtYh homprs,bing twos dwe9ling-h1se, Hoe,tt 1 and2, t' Terc,new9 Norfolk-tre frdret, and twNhues.wt shp, Hoh'. cigourt hl3dwlordanrt unopredternofare 20t yatrs, tg amrentng of 65pe keannun. Thehbossesmay bevieved.yparticulor may behade ofg .eaertirIaWatbe and Hrion,esolicitors. e Southsmplan-dtreet,loono. butry-16zu xfre; stratGawy'; anGofMwr. Ranobert Reid , rtleatdMarl Gel1lborough-street. Onathe M.Arqi ,Wsri wet-ecrdron R aentof1Werl annum,reld Imror 5 JW ROBERT REID Will SEll, a.t Gnsra"V.,s N on Thursday. July 24, at12intrelZaL SE oLD, GROUND ENTd o11Op.ERTanum aompl secure on sx houses, (beingtNstret ando9, Willoin-keet andre4 5b and 6's aenr4uaretSafiedrbrhelfrn the 6,Saint Helena-plae, WoO.%iindton I Marqus of Wsmntrfruepedt-na;orthDamptdon, lo eran,n epgroundretermo 9yarsu frgo;mCh etm 81, ubmec Thipopar-et of 1er The preentrac etals ofmthe h;ousesris 12. The houses mayb veed. Patclasmy berm hado of th eas>cU e.tLovln and Tereed,Ma bolle had of, incoln R -rn-yiels, C- dfad ine,llilos 10x M.Rawr eidc~.retalboronGreat worought G treet. noIIs ob yalfabe Frdeehsl Wrinvestment, Min thenighbouTrhoo oferiT Oxford- 14 .ROBERT REID will SE'LL,at Garraaw's Ltton Thursdav, July 24,at 12, in rdr sixh los XE oLDS~rtgae, court.sn R os S0and GIeDe'Zs-court, O liford-stree e nd o, M Jo-hlne, conurt dwaids-6tre7 pet ortansnsure,le atd rentsii amounin tmmod10 annufor. Theihouses cmproieebyeriseio wnberwngrof toe tenant 160. mayold beohad of Mes. Buinroyn Cark.andelegziestbolt-i iorlrr,tOxfrd-street;pa atd Gawnawae;taD o hMv. ob rtoRid.s Grat oinib,oweoonugh ryede ost,beetaotUavc,l,n OnthieMarquI oel-rr Westmintcer'sn ostherdoellsicue otimpriveda greinterenals, producingr11a paer 01 plansum. gon o wibLthen Thcuprsdy onf this atd 12, in .hrne lotms,havLethe us. Sheree'dehullisgo leof thees,tinae consideratalon of premndius, atld fery lowerl;nts soundengtol4per annum,.n heldvdirect fromithe at rond ens, montig r6 er, annumhoo, Thla propery aolidtrs lasmybe had of ess Bugyes,r ClakanMie,slctr,10Ox 30ford-sriet. wstree oeroStratfr-place; als Gat Gwarrcs; an id of Ar M.Robnert Reid, 485,Great Marlborough-street, garden,% Wawcra, Miona rYinahl,Avr ueirFml _Re TOce-is dimmedited posession. e TiUR stRoErT90 REI S vll SELUCL,r0X atth G arrtwayos JjW .Cn WAu R TOs ul 2is at12ebytode of the MortgZages, LE o SEHLLb AUCTIOEN,E statte 9a, Cifon-gardnensdy,5 da-i0, atnine2li aeLryscure BnoAro manne, an containin amilegfrr accommdationrfor a fsamily It erl Ompriuses,tw nacoblesdraindroos6 iocmusd-n otingbwhold ingmoors,uarspciou dinin rroom,n an an elegant boudisror itreetryd, thre~tepricip l-gbed mers,itwoi hvin drftessingyreins staicas, wel-araned htch an otertomesticr aountices; tea gardn i th rer, ithentanc tospaiou plasurhe Grounds,tof whnc tmhe eopieTre ofthia os and theadjiningoues, hav theuse, steroetiudec iswof therestmated Edannu qual v Clueofd1n,and isdhcldfo l0gyears at als g eround Reto er nnum May be2 pewed Particu ~J .WATOis idirected by the Mortgaeest ~~~~~~~~a h ai nWednesday,July1lyat 1, atPLC o 100efetdi h oi 30thof oveberlil uon HeOliESof a gentlea thopsnin hisliath rear,and ho i nowin a preriu satnm.eigof health. Annual pre mium 113 s, PatiesarmsboT hadpe at the- Mat; ofivGeerge' Henenan, ho:. olictor, f thIegeslill, oCannpron-nretms, cdpityd aud o Hr.C. Wnton aucioneerund estatef agent,p7, saumoncoumt Old roadstret, emovd fomuThradnedlebopetWrthteetd,r Secur Rentl ofabout100peranum, for 21y yearsw, withpReersio in1er tof nearly 30Hernannu.Es.soitr 2 C- Iii. SELL bywAUtIO, city thedo Mart,C nWenaday, auctilla at 1, agel-meoredRENAl.Old15 er annum,trisin freome afronsidrab--lir stt aogeal 100 housite, fadtoie,and shopsur, includingt the wholeofWiorte-sraduarc, theGove Iand, sallrg prtient of Plateotreetad Ann-trceet Bncluinalgre,wti a mieidSe of thb e city Weartly groundleni and onuleaosses, l andlowrnacments, t1ogetheramounIngt to e- trhepart Roru.33 Oshafre-sofeewhich the purcaserwilheoen,TISd MA,ayb viwd andI parctiualars hadmat te assebageto catithelGreen-gs batnd URenT-Radof~ Geordgeo Herabian,Be,25 Cor-olee-b ndirol bl.- no-treetdwesthand of,t bMrC ormlSen,7 Union-cort Old othrwArdsreet, wrcmovndso dressdneedale-s, reet,t,mxoay n oe Long LeimsoaseholduIn esmns, Sosand Reebhsidenes, of WillIODn stetreddard-tecrrrocel and Edwoxd-i ard-squgare, CadoUjan-oa, &~*Is-o -bBoAwToodas dthr emtednythaeMrtgsaglbeesctoc tumpfAUCpION, atitheoaart, oineWedesday, Julyne, atd stetrdcaingane lbabouta10 er6 oannuM;c eight ouses wtith hop boEdu buhl rane rducn w abovtee 20 pner annm14 pranivyofpate,rsi for oacupaion;candimgaproendgoud rent of 128 paers-ahnnu, gabontil crss roeugaoutEte 1arin apper annm May buerou uewed,and portioarshnaleatethMart dat te S~OTutoArms aand Duke of Richmod ansctalogesbadet. incut No. 14, HErewood-square, Dorset-squr e. ew-r0&d--nperio rmodeo Funiture 000 vets, of Books, Lrne, and Ffets, iESRS. OXENAM will SELL by AUCTIOT, on the Tremi O,DonTuesday, July22at 12forl. te saoperor .odem I.URNITURE, in excellet pieeraion; soDrsAting of a complete Dawing room suite, CovetedinaIr danawith curtalns for three-sindows ensuite, very elegt glt console; tabls with noble glasses over, chizaney-lassem, table of ryid, sideboard, unn room chairs an UtNblo,okas; m tre bed chabers vey elet Arabian bedstead andhanging, withthe app tevbed,:tj wingedl asd plain DeedrObes dralwes agrble-to san other wa-l stands, dresing tables, cda man toilet glae, &e fumtitureft Ste secondagi bed chamtbers, linus, china, gls 00ve *s. of 7oks te dumetiem-uieites, wan numeros efects 3aybe viewed on Mna acd mornin of sale, and caiogues bad; ailsoa*t M31e Oxenham' omces, 355, Oxfosd-eet, ner the theon TePI,-Al9on-moor, CnmbeHad.L-Valuable aield Grain LIend, withMe eorermoo a tdOtti.is . CaELES,BROUGHSwiI SELL nurtsZat 1 xtuo ixn Order oi te H*h Oourt of C necls 'Xenyon v. Dickinloa," with the a f I Sir Bicbir; Temn Kindele he Judge to whose Court She -' r Ss attebil:, at theBloue Bellio Aleon- Stda Agt 2 t I1 for l, aLB;ASBEOLD) i8TA , PA utbPa te at * ltuimoor, in tbe onntyot Cunbelasd, oMPai memae or fars bone and outbildig nd o s r iho tof e pame land, tge eithto lotents on (okusoes Oetsining l&, A, 1. or h to_ er with n e! pasture for sheep on Glldsndale m*iD a *bew m the jejj5 dheSowin Aletor ;is,the oeaaiin ofir llxonWalton,at tisU l omit re 42;* held for thie 2reidue df a$se d 1,060 yer fro S#5 w IBIka thererlketof Om7i, and mbiset toaflseofSlhO,,- -mait maidinried ptms,e d oeaStions et nale maye hadl talI odnf r a,Ra, iio.1.Cls .,(en 35506 as.WlIausn Hl,; dMllano, UaYI a * -6 M-e. 'asi : BlakhetlLEoaeol&?umtnr. octave OLbintTlntob z9fSRSES HT. BR EEN1u T 8ELL IrA`U0O5ON eo iiheprem,N ioF wadToo , beig,c ecul ftdaers.th w ash-sft m isnOUR .1de, Tv ,std da adSwje sale. ndSr.' omand eaMed comnices,s,eawed le 5 aimgab caus n abret sdeoad. esassijoa boske.acse, beddjDw, 6-ota of drawemIanoforte floaewe eae Ilgt rafteZ*, .=wniz~ ndo cmztelvAoeb, Goides, roinaood gloo j, disew.,sm in,paned artiles kintchei reusites,rdgarwena iseleses ar.W MioOusen May be vieedOnWedneIiIay anes morning of Wsa. Cataogue bam th r.emea an of ew. 3H. anT A_. ~reeh&dBukliaIsnd,foerilcafrom tile aty I FClOseW to , Oil Foeat. gate stauion, Stratord. Busyx. 5E5&H. BROWN And T. A- ROBERTS ~iizl 3KOL'S,AUCTION, at tke M&rt~, onMonday, July 2A at 12, in a -sick uas an oDe l offer be m"iousoly made), 10 acresof. eligible 17=1EEQ1M BU 'D C LAND, sitcate Icl(e to the yosest-. ga%te Stationee, the Eastern Counti&tj Railwa;yhn;ear Warstead.foragt, and admirably adapted for tile erectior of lIsand mioctere.t.esed bonsee. The Iola wil l ave frontages ayigfrom 23 feet to B)fDi eachtowell-mmaleroada. Xaabe-viewed, andprnteaTe,rtinslasaha at the 3TA&l auid ChIld, Foresot-a: fDJ Slaek Eq., 2, King's A-mu-3dMosreeW4r aetnteMart; aridof emmHBr rwn, said TA.,Roberts,22,Tbrogwmtotn-street. - Frehol Buldig Xeod-Castrlto, urrey, neLr the aaway S_te- * X1ESSRS. H. BROWN ancl T, A- ROBERTS ii1i1 JJLBEL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Mourdsy, July 28. Dt1,. in 19t loi lnleaan aceeptable offer he prevoslmd),ao t12ara Of FREEHOLD BUILDING LAND, siute wifthio1 few minutea' awOfthe Camslialtn Station. GOn the Croydon and Epsom Itilway,. ahontIli mles froniLDndon, Theliota will hare fttageisaying frora 360 feet to a fee eack, sand contain trom half an acre to two acrua each. Tae liad saneton anemijaeecoe,commanuding extenmive ,iews. is ery dry, and desirabl sttuatie for fret-dam resdennee: the 33eighboerhod- being particularly healthY. May be viewvd, sad trnedi Priuars had t %re Melbourne lintel, Carsiraltou; of D. B.Sae E-q.. 2, Kinges Arrma-&rd, KnOrgate-street; at1 tho Mfart; ade Messrs I. Brown and t. A. Roberts, 22, Throgmorton-street. Be i U5-p oed-lc ad,-T*aseGId E state in Ki ng's-ro ad. SSRS.H. BROWN aud T. A. ROBERTS wilt 1 SELL b AUCTION, a' the Mart, on Thurda.July II. at 12, in,onslot. by order of the Mrge. PIVI ~WE INGHoUSltt (one ,a shop), eachi containing eagh rooms Witng TKo 6 to 10. Kt.og's dBiarlr-P.nn.-resd- Portion lettzorepsetableienar.ts. Thewhole, Of the value Of A:bout W135 per aorum, and lAsd laor gabit 90 years, at a, ground rent of 46 6s. ech. May be viewed -and pr-e patiulr bad of Maserz. S:serdand B%ker, solicitors-, lCoa-ne fMer. Jones and Wrigtu, olicitors, 9. Fauenerountney-7ili; aind of messres, H.ElBrowxi and T.A. Roberts, 22, Tuhernogmorton-street. Stok,Newiingto.-T,eaaeholdlDifling-heuue. MESSRS. H. 1BROWN and T. A. RoBERTs wilt. BLJ. ELL byA AUaTON At the ar1t. on Thursday, July 31,at :12,. in tots, by oeder of tire iforiga-gee, :FOUR Idicks-buliltDWELLINGHOUSES, each conta inig flxrooms,being Nos. 6, 7, 8, end 9, Spenserterce, StokeNewinglon. No.?7. let to Ar. Crockez,at 20 vierannum, Itheoters. on and. Hleld for about 90 yeaxs, at al,oumd rent ofes Particularemaybehead of ecSerad ker, .CbuakIle of Messes. Jones and Vright, sollcitora, 9, 2-urrence -Pountmer-hill.; and of Messrs. L. Brown and Tf. A. :ltobrte, 22, Throgmnorton-street. Isugin -&Iong LeshlInemnt ESS12R a BROWN and T. A ROBERTS Wil T bya'UCTION, at theMXart,n Thursday, July 31, at 12, byorder of the Mortgagee, extensive BuIs NEfis puz %tTIkabown asThornhlll-bridge-seharf, Caledonlan-road, comprisiog a,large warehouse, of three floIrs counIting-houses, large chimney shaft and spaciou yard- enclosed by toldingP gates: let On leas to Meos,rs Jacob3 and Haims, 1ronmrcha ts,a 10Per annum, and held- foYr about 1-0 yeaLrs. at a udetof 212 O. per arnmo. Printed articolarsxmybe had o!' esr.Shear sd aker, 3, Cloak esesr olie&U.S Bromnand. T. A.Robernt 22, ThroxmOr"On.street. Bil's-pond-road.-Newly-ereted DwelliUg:-hOnesand. Buaiderfs Pee- nunsee in HaLwtho-ne-street. HtsRS . BROW-N and T. A. ROBERTS wilL SESLL,byAUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday. July 31. at 12, in lote, by order Of the Mortgage, long LEASEHOLD) STATES- largee ydard, n.Red yfldenges gae lo donngir 3rrnl- threstEet by gAUCTOad, Ballt-pondaroad therdy whole bold for-2 ab outs 90 orderof ath modrtategon ent.Myeee, andtc;ilFMM E printed Tertyru ar shaduofeMessrs. S wewal andtBker solicitors,I,oppoaiteato I aNdew Mesrs. H. Browedn o an nigand T .oet,2,Trawimorton-breet-,. StDMokevewrngt en,-E identerear with Pse Wlone oveprlokng aot he Ne ImjE,a SSRS. H.bRoWtcyasatlePro t anAlA,R B RSo,neathe inbove,by VLor&erl teMotae, i Fairo eddetached VillBs& y,hcn ,m inew1 River; contisersx bedrooms gdinng- andt dorawiong trooms, break. far room, cof X.tIC,& bndg eddmoTiewd andre pargivated gardenla. aneacr. ]EL dforabotw yar, 2t Teppercoron ret.Aet, ncithy. aboe,ntnWillowUi-grove, wista itar ofa fe-eahed h illares, laeath c ront- ing ty,rooms fonemanytor, walledegadens: el ofGor long tErna,at- '0endren Alo 5 sin. each. MaybeS,ewd and pmrint-ed partiulars M ESnS.HBRown and- Bf.ROberts 2nd T.h-RogOBEo-ReTS, city eeiredlniranyteos tho rEsi.dencte Mfrtleon hrsday, Ju 31. ztLI, in lote,lunless an soreotable offer balialbe previously made,theYauakbie estate of Wilmington Hall, whlinh is pileasantly situtat on the, borders of Dartfordi Heath, abonit twro mile from the Da"rford Bail. vwa Sttion, and comprises a mcet comfortable manson of a moderate xire, and inexpensive scale, lying secluded in a rich pak-lik,e, Pe,dlct, ornameantally timbered andl contains eight bed c.hambere,. eacumg roomir aerranta rooms, four recePtion rooms of good propoctionis, conservatory, biliard com or nursery, excelent domeseti offices,, capital pleasure and walled gardens, hangingk wood, withl terlsOeWA1ks,. stabling, loose boxes, Jce bousse, entrance lodge, and all neree. aar7 UPPUrtenance for aL rentlemanes establishment I, also &. Taluable farm -with oust-houses, Stied with patent kilos, and. alt reguisite, builldiogs bailffs houw, labourers' oottagesf, and ioa alL about 70 acres of land in high cultivation ; 3bout 38 saces are plantedu with golding homa of -well-brnown excellence, and which have always. cosoasidd th kigeetpice nthearke, poebsiowilegvn andIf.A,Robrt. 2. hromoronstret ciy,of whom cards to viewEarl Sae, T-morow.-Smthfild,FsttngrOf a C-offe ehouse, Fe-rni. SELby AUCTION, on. th .e'K.8 t omsre,To-nuorrow ISaturdayl.Jl I 1 a I0 or pecsey.the capital FITTTINGS-7UP of a COM&EE HOUE,inludngmav~aysttes,bechs,gas ittings mahogautable. eatarlo funitre o Spnis maogany dining, Iso. pern- boeanutod otertals acsof lbargesoas Couhes, clamney-glae Miu yneusls, ne6 lTu-res,rr deffecta.dy) Zlly boview12ford , ancthe lognee hadE onuth prFeFMi and athe anrbooffiea,dInoe ofargeicls No. 7r9 , Wimol t-street,-CThe ds-'upe.or odsero. irrailture,wa. Glutwoomd Dmwent Room Sute, large ChGacimney-glasses, &o. CFrUanlre Ben wills Sa-'eLL byesr WUCTIOe ofTale Pr 3emises, To-mogr,zrowe(Satudayh, whuly of t12fr1 the-Cnma of te aboveBEasdnd eRFCSo bv eadne flresr bards, T ,D - seso eodadmahogany cais sofasuly1 , hall fttns wit lowin newpinntaes forlowing bredroomse ofiron,dW Frech and hnalftesWr bdteads.tng Ofttr eetes beds asondW beddig al ters the.uiDntens, an the druling oomensl, do. beaytifulTewmd hisda, andcaotalogue had(. cron h pelies, watatth autint offics incarwick-coubrt,Gay'es- Gloassels,g m tagioficentlCabined Pmal Coatictn wnow carf eo,ly SLereoratileread, Chiliana Stperviced ehtensiey glasdses OTable~, andTBed hs Lianel, O Cavage eans , and thne whole ofnthe Cntsonto DufOu FUr BERtms begst vlablnounc the SALE D btd Ofteul&spon,r on d the remtes onl OnTues daeday, July n two fo thefitaefsxhs n seconddysle icldaethedfchambers,wobthe drontenso thed daing rooms, ofen theaiuti roornoay carpets, relegant see dig ospmolendidErs,lizeetlz woodebrd"inet, oreslnalg carde, endothe thables. small caw ofsery cofgltoccasi teinaprcetrs eas chais, entanteutr hoasl, lounges,l ande seofpendar tidpea-tgroensain-intewo cutains osatlyoos.treciamne lcs rse and thSxeentyrmnto opres chnaul oaends aund. chenasericstes eOnlegnet chia, Tlaselte, ofarndpaed aortiaclesin, dtagwa ofthbe uimpeer'pntLyansrvthl. On Thunesday, July th.t.Tetirdds,bed an tabl line; thedinin roomoak urnitre_, including a. TphendQidYl6 EiSbthln sidebard, cabint, demininng Stabescst of chire smallcllro verxy, ' c Remwinedterspiiet otum u Stheantaraned bl,pincTxoipal and eonaE y Liteaturae; h. eustso h ern Qofs.adTHeATexcllntdmrmn ofRET wipern SELdL byd eAin- utnIlsRAthe town-builtgcarrneges,sets0ofohares, hors cloting andkby sAlbler Simpleent. OnL Thursda, Juythe OllSlltor-h third dy'saherini comporis the reminer n ofthe bediroo t wreqiters,o the etd- oft the uperiortaherandremitnoe n,lthe fiting rofpgesfnlema's e.- roomandbat rom; he ppontmntsof theliry.& paintings1. printabl and a intaIl coletindo bFooks; thepritar oy Mantoawand ther deoe. and numeros, itvems,uthe Pirpertyra be vrdweDlrscodayscpriorto m < the sale, an descrm the atales Lore hnow eedy andumayeh _QOUTiG-TJE an1d BARRETT will SELL by AU0. TIMOXt' at their Booms, 22, Fleet-street, on Wenoufiy, July 14. theSTEREOTYPE PLATESUandG &.dHAiNDEENS,o h TvtherwAtLIBRARY,hbl conistingO eaurprly. inc0 vlumesg Ofr spepilrors ebeAlbe`t`Smith, W. H.3PAe Maxell of e l S aAi il.or,"y pixkeo Collns .n day. The sother remandperst include 9l0copes Lofd Nisolels' ofa bytdrh fte Do-1a'2owage ; 200 araor eb srd er Mieseon, th Camp, anmChem Zenltan-da, Is an0 oharysmeoro' bab, ms. 10 lnes IstNyo the Britih Cooys 2thoe Pro Bralne' Histoy of Ne SoothWAiles, 2n vtue.;dvariusnvls 1 sait ValubleEngrvIns, IiS than Fowilg Peiercbe h Mr1onad tothr celeheatedmakers, SL - OlmtdPirtboish, Buthe,Drks.Meerscbaun COLLECTIN of ENGA~VINGS &ET fects, togethemrnhith kifynguachne ompete asst f Sanih emhog nyapigeo mic,. Tod Buces.Friin-exe n otherls. itt rTIeed o b aUCTove,, o n theriPremIstses igset ters,o Tusdy July1 s. at-H th a S,c ihpesmo,o teaoe:eial PBZMSaY td-- maye.:1t;ar criodo thri-byhexnsadmpeetik remiers mayb veeantmepiradteefets nthemgnu WousaermCatalgus C n th rmss ui r .H ardtins ftc Onie. Ctalogesm asaboveW.13i. Money, advan.ed onvr de' scriotion of ir aoetive and imxndiate sae,. No. 71, Qadi-ant, Eogent-5reet PcstWnedefrtmtne9th- ~IL GARCLI begs toinformthenobility, ery .LTL sand icure esileemies that he has received tesucton to SLby AUCTION, atthe Gal:a, aove,TBIs DAY (Erdat,Jub11 at }. with;out re, t o-vr adanes a valuale COLLECTION oF aient and mod ATIGS, o be d S, Jube ndthlamira, Velaa;er; thae Peentation. SYSerratto I ea spe a n;d ne n oftheflo ersj Canalett t upaed A Ca Jan D. Ter eaands ies J. W. Toes,A. On view, and alu -the alr 71, Qnadnant, I . To Brewess, Hop Mercants, d ter Me BIE BUI ,Jubl4. ~JTl iE, at 3 e Isenare, nc THBS cut the NewM Cor Exhange CM.es44n, Mr"fark-hire,in MlLbe onday Julry;16,at Ipreisl (without 3eere byd Qre!setesO bla"' ija Eunn red sad Fifty Porkets of East An ,m Mid Eent Hlop, of the choicest growths ef 1866, andl about U0C> balsam fine neyrBavrln hera (in b. HamPleen mabe lii Eothwsrk' A- lb eioormmalSl Boos Miia-aa, onTuray -m OU rer Sbery le a6ha Cape, tlS-t ld.o Caet a Tlaia.' SEev, Amentiula&,lismila I l!S=hs& re. Patas 4: * 3t e hds, 186 t #z t nd b keeteir uhidy;L 147 w anda Be. inbois dro a,L.l!, 0: s , _ NheW>||
