DEATHS. On Wednesday, the 23d iwst, at 45. Lower Grosvenor-street. Caroline iMabeth SteB Dowager Lady Wharneiffe, and widow of the furst Lord Whbarneliffe, agedl 78. On the 18th. on board the Ava. on the passage from Malta, Major Douglas Cunningham Gorahan. ILRLC.S., Bambay. On Monday las, at Lancaster, after a short illness, James Barker Esq., of Bak:ewell, Derbyshire. On the 21st inst., at rau, B3asses PyrenC-e, Thomas Vance, Esq., of the Inner Temple, barrister-at-law, in his 38th year. On the 22-4 last,. at Stratford-upon-Avon. aged 72, the Rev. John Peglar, ncar of Alveston, and incumbent of Bisheoptn. On the 23 last., at Brighton Barracks, Michaei Fogarty, late mnaster bootmaker I17th lancers, aged 75. 0 the 23d inst, Mrs. E. Wheatley, at Clearmount, near Weymouth, Oa the 23d inst., at renrith, Thomas Dobson Bleaymsire, Eq., aged 73 tears. On the "4th inst., Henmry Richardson Chester. the second son of 31r. BE. Chester, of Staple-inn, solicitor, aged 33. On 24th inst., at bis residence. Woodcote, Oxon, Mr. Wmn. Ferguson, ag.ed 74 for mnya years wine and brandy merchant, of the Marketplace, Readlng~ On the 24thi last., at Cheltenham, Anne Jane, relict of the late William Skrins. flq., of Glocester-place, Plortman-square. On the 24th iest,. at itudge Hall, Salop, Thomas Boycott, Ssq., of Boycott and Rudge, in the 85-th year of his age. On te 25h Int., ohnDonaldson, Esq., of 46, Glocester-terrace, e-prk, and Cheaine Hall, Market Drayton, Salop, in his 53d year. On the 25th test, at Russelletreet, ReadUng, Williamn Henry RIchards. Rsq., late Surgeon HIILC.S., Madras Establishment, aged 67, OOn the 25th inst, at Doegla,jsle of Man, FredericLkilliam Hutton, Esq., aged itt *On the 25th inst., at 24. Glocester-place, Yew-road. at an advanCed age, Maria, the beloved wife of Mr. E. Foster. On the 25th last., at Savile-place, Clifton, Maria, relict of the late Gideon Acland, Eeq., in the 7sth year of hWeragea Onx the 26th last., EYlizbeth Jane, the beloved and affectionate wife of e1r. Samuel Reed, ef 30, King-stzeet, Holborn, and late of Fetter- lane, aged 65.
BOARD and RESIDE.-VAcIES,fo MARED COUPJE:, le,dles, or Gentlemaen, at B 63, Bror Qton. qurqe. Terms moderate.--.i "OARD and RESIDENCE are OF-FERED to a: JL lady or two sistcdedrous u faquiet. senteel, and comfortable home, iu the house of a gentlewvoman, newr Brightor Addres& D.,23. Regercy-quare, Brightom B° PA TI T).7-Atgenteunadly,fo B theAcomoEontr hsving toolarge Y, idsencu0s' izciv guum into thtir fau.ily. The hoose is deUg6htfulk; dtaeiP rc Pentonville. Terms £36 per asnum.-Z., Judd and G1ss'a libr Gmr-'-inn-road. - I - i I)OARD and REi:SI)EN^CE.-A lady is desirous.of I kimeeting wi th the above.in a highlyl respectablefinmily, residing at the west end of townu or iu the vlicinity. The family mutttmove in;. good society-andoffer a cheerful jn&agreeablehome.- Alarge,*i-y ' aud well I rnished bed roomxeusred. Address, .with fuli.rcictiaxs~ to I.. M., care of M. Cr. aMRchreU, 12 Bed Lion-court, Fleet-street.j WANTBD.-Persons exhilbiting particulars int the wrindowvs and on the public L1ISTS af the ADVBErTiSIG HALL, 8, 3Fore-street, city: established 1S; where gentlemzen antd families requiring sutch acoommodation axe supliedi with suitable lists free, Subeciptions is. per month, or 5s per quatr B OARD and LODGING.-A lady, of the hishest respectability, residing in the neighbourhood of Kilbura, ishes toreceivea TAY, to boLrd an rside witL her. The house i plea-. santly kituate. with nice garden, or she would letpart of her house, unfunished. Forterms apply to Ste-rs. W. KEing and Co., auction and estateagents, 1. Wellinumgto-road, St. John's-wood. 1°OARD and RESIDENCE, with superior accommo- dation, in the newly furnished residence of a professional gentleman. Two or three gentlemen seeking a refined home, with every domeidc comfort, windd tbis very desirable. Liberal table provided. For cardsof address apply to Rt. J., Mr. Swallow's library, E.verettstreet Brtunswick-squar J2m OAR]) and RESIDENCE.-A lad andgentleman, redngitrhebestpartof the Camden-road Vllas, would be happy to receive intgtheir circle alady,whowouldhave thesdvartage of cheerfutl society, edmbinedwit t~he domestic comforts usually to be fo-nd only in a prvate famly. The terms. which would be moderate maybe knownby adressngK. care of Mrs. Pace, library, Mrecknock-place, Camden-town, Referlenes tobe exchanged. 2 OAR]D, &c.-A professional gentleman, residint B l withinde minute walk or Hde-pork, would be to receive into his family TWO GENTLEAME-to BOARD, either partil::ly or otherwise. To parents and guardians seeking a confidential home for their sons during their residence in town, this opportunity is a most valuable one. A page is kept. Terms moderate. Omnibuses to aU ptB of Iondon within two minutes' walkof thehouse. Apply to C.a, Dot-offlce. Ladbrolre-grore. Notting-hill. BOARH and RESIBOEndE,-A lady, living in a most pleasat anldhealthy locality wishes to receive, at or by BlRdsnmmer, a I dy or tao yong ladies dsisters). to reside writh her She can offer acheerful and comfortable home. Her house is situtate within a short distanee of a statin on the Croydon and Epsom line of raillway, atndan onmibus paes the door twrice a day to-the wrest end and city. T'erms msoderate. Address Sigma, Durbh's newvspaperoffice, Croydon, German fltienUy. Address A. B., care of lowve snd Oliphantt, 47, Threadneecle-street, city. -RIGHTON.-BOARD and RE-SIDENC-E, Within Bfive minutes' walk of the sea aud green esplanade. Terms from li Is, per week. Address R X (pre-paid), Mr. Coseck's, post office, Westem-road, Brighton. SUPERIOR BOARD.-A lady, residing i one of the best houses of Kenaington-park receives allmtednumnber of BOARDEBS, with aU the oomforts of a Lome. Address to LB., at MIr. `Woodruff's, 4. Oxford-terrace, Kensington-park ]RESIDENCE and PARTIAL BOARD REQUIR- LED, by a gentleman in the city-a family of high respectability, between Forest-hill and Croidon. Convenient disttace from railway station. Liberal terms for advantages offered. Highest references. Address H. B., 106, Fleet-street. rPOGENTLEMEN.-An elderly widow lady, residing m a healthy siltutlon, where the omnibuses pass, wlshes to meet with a gentleman or a young couple to RESIDE with her, in a comfortable home. Apply for the address, personally, to 3Mr. normier baker, 10, Southampton-street, CamberwelL maU private FAMILY, moving in good society, saud havg a large and handsome bouse, in o fashiofable nt of the west cad, wish to meet with a GENTLEMA.N to LESIDE with themn Having mauy advantages to offer proportionate terms are expected. Address Aprlis 100, Oxford-street. TISITORS to LONDON.-68, Mortimer-street.- V Well-aired BEDS, good Brealkdft and Sitting Boom, for 4s. a cay, ina large private west-end house, healthily situate, near Regentstreet. A large bedroom for a married couple. Address rs. Aold, HNo. 63, Hortimer-street, Cavendish-square. TYDE-PARK.-BOARD and RESIDENICE, wvith Ha lady, residing close to Kensin,gton-gardens, who receives a limitednumber of ladies and gentlemen to reside vith her. Has at presenttwovacancies. teferences given andrequiredL Applybyletter to J. G., Mr. Bosworth's, bookseler, 215. Regent-street. PARTIAL BOARD and RESIDENCE, Black- heathn- gentleman, requiringthe comforts or a HOMIE, with cheerful society, can be received in a famiLly of high respectability, residing I the above favourite and healthy locality, seven minutes' walk frothe tBikheahtha Station. Address J. L. 0., 8, Eton-grove, Dacre- rT°10 WIDOWERS witb. CIlLDREN.-A lady about taking a house, near to a railawy, about 10 miles from London, wishes toreceive. as BOARDERS, awidower with children. The latter wil be well and carefully educated. Unexceptionable references. Terms liberal Address A. A, care of Mr. Ingram, cbymist, 2. Queen's-terrace, St. John's-wood. R AIISGATE.-Ladies and -entlemen are received for BOARD and RESIDENCE, aTNo. 13, Paragon. The house is large, airy, well furnished. and commands a beautiful vier of the sea and pier: it is replete with every comfort, inclutding warm and cOld sea baths. Apartments in the adQoiing house, with or without board. For terms, Ac, applv at Marine Boarding-house, Rtarrsgate. References given andrequired. (ONSUMPTION and the DISEASES of WOMEN -J-Shropehire.-Establishinent for Invalida.- hmlted number of respectable PATIENTS RECEIVED for medical treatment. For terms, Ac.. address Wim. Jackson, M.D., Bishop's Castle, Shropshire. IPYDROPATHY, with the latest uIprovements.- le, two hours by rail from London.-Dr. LAURIE RECE:IVES PATIENTS at his establishment, or will see them, by ppointatonl,at their residences in Londonorelsewhere. Bythis extensively useful agent, aided, when needful, by the latest discoveries inmedicine,discaaes, whether recentor of long standing. are effectually H YDROPATHY.-Ryde.-Dr. VWEEDING con- uses to receive a limited nuuberof PATIETS in his house whoare desirous to dergo the water treatment. The establihment commands en extenise rsea viewr, andi within three minutes' walk of tepier. Invads or lies and gentlemen reuiring a change can be receivedinto the establishment without the treatment. Terms mode- APARTMENTS, Furnished, for rivate family or .Z:D- ~single geRtlemen, at 343, Stran ,PARTAIENT .-George-street, Hanover-square.- ATo be LET, Fmjnisbedl, a DRAWVING ROO0M StIUTE of ROOhlS. Rent modr for apermanency. Apply at No.11 A PARYMENTS, lurnished, Piccadilly-dramwing .A3 room door. commanding an extensive and cheerful view. Extra room if required. A permanent tenant des red. Apply to William Higgs, hymist, 3-5, Piccadilly. APARTAIENTS WANTED, at Richmond, in a gen- teel family, by a gentleman engaged ix. the city. there there is a garden preferred, and no other lodg'ers. Address with fuhl parti.ulss, to A, B., r. Everett's, news agent, Old Broad-street, city. A PARTMIENTS to be LET, Furnished, in the neig,hbourhood of the Regent's-park, consisting of two drawin Jooms and two bed rooms, with the use of k1itchen. Addresa, post paid, to XX, Z., Mr. White's, 1, Fitzroy-place, Fitzroy-square. PARTMIENTS Furnished.-To be LET, in Wig- IA morostreet, a com2ortable BED OOM Snd SITIN'G ROOiI on the seoond floor. Apply to Mf. e.Vlson, staticmer, &c., 37, Viigmore-street, Cavendish-square. APAFTM-ENTS to be LET, comfortably Furnished, as sitting smd bed room,in a private dwelling. where there are no other lodgers. Apply to 5, Rose-terrace, Wellington-road, Stoke Newington-road. APARTMENTS to be LET, Furnished, at a farm- house. leasanUty situate, and about 10 minutes' walk frn the Kingston Station. consisting of dining and drawing room, and three good bed rooms (four if required). Address AB., Bed Lion, Tel north. near Kingston, Surrey. PRTINENTS, or the Honse, Furnished, in MAlnA tagu.-square, Byde-park. A splendid suite of reception rooms, 'Kith three or more bed room% in a gentleman!s; residence. Fumniture and appomntments very elegant, and attendance of servants if desired. Adidress A, R. 40, Mdontagu-sQuare. A PARTMNENTS, Wigmore-strect, Cavendish-square. -To be LET, Funmshed, TWO good FLOORS, together or separately, co3taining six rooms and conservatory, plate-glass windows. andthe rooms all newly furnished. For terms, Ac., applv to G. Davis, 6, Wgmore-street, Cavendish-square. APART ENTS (44, Sussexgardens, Hyde-park) to A be LET-draving roorns andupper part of alarge andhandsomely fumushed house in the above healthy and fashionable neighbouhood. Superior accommodation, desirable for a gentleman's family requiring a first-class residence. Applyas above. A PARTMENTS, Furnished, to be LET, in the -A house of a private family, at Dalaton. for a single eentleman engged during the day, with partial board if required. No young chil- uren. Ommubuses pass the door. For cards of address apply to F.LT., care of the housekeeper, S, L aurence Pontiney-lane, Cannon-street. AP, PARTMIENTS, Furnished-a handsome three- wmd owed drawng roomz, bed and dressing rooms en site-to be LET: if by the year, sgnea6 c lo extra. Also Ground Floor, furnished or not, with offices if required. Extra bed rooms. Apply at 35, Duke-street, St. James's, A PARTMIE NTS, or Pa't of a EHouse, Furnished, Eto be ET, for tha season or longe-, in the convenient locality of Covent-garden-a handsome drawfingroom floor of three loftyrooms, thoroughlyfurnished, orthe same with three bed roomrs,dressineroom, and every convenience, Address A. 0., care of Mfr. Reikie, 409, A PAIRTMENTS FrihdcostoC rineCross, .c3. in the house of a medical gentleman. Thy are suites for the occupancy of one or two friend., oven invalid requiring attention and comfort. Terms moderate, resiectabletensncybeing Of more considerationt"an heavy rental. Unexceptionable reference. Angly for cards or by letter, to A, care of Ur. Skeet, bookseller, 10, lkng Williamstreet. Strand. APARTMENTS to be LET, Furnished, in the Aliealthiest part of Baling, in the house of a married conule, without chludren, consisting of large sitting room and one or two large bed roomS vner icely furnished and thoroughly clean. Suitable for a gentleman and his wife or single gentleman, with attendance. Children objected to. Terms for apermanency verymoderate. Hoother lodgems 0 minutea'walk froro the station. Fine view across the country from the house. Address, post paid, A, J., are of Mr. Hailes, post-ofice, Ealing. FURNISEEDe MAvRiN for gentlemen, 17, 7 SELED AP ARTMENTS to bTerms ve L T in New FURNISHrED APARTMENTS to be LET, in New - nesre.cnitnofalgeiystigrm,eromad xnd-slr-et con66inof a l argeary s itnr,hdroom, nd dressing room. Apply at 92, HeN Bond-street. Oxford-street. t'URNISHED APARTMENTS-one sitting and two good bed rooms, on second dioor, suitable for two gentlemen. Terms lOs. Per week. Apply at 32. Orchard-street, Portm an'square. FRNISHED APARTIENTS, at the west end, suiitable fcr a gentlemn and his wife or a Member of Parliament. No other lodgers. Address to SL A., WaUinges newspaper office, 409. Strad. 1URNISHTED APARTIE1NTS to be LET, in F Park-street-a setting room and two bed rooms (communicating), for3s; r a sitting room and front bed room, for Zs. per week, A deduction made if for a permanency. AddressM . P., to bhaws, newsmaperoffice, 256, Oxford-street. T4URNISHED APARTMIENTS bed room, with 32 use of sitting room, for 7s. 6d. per week, or a double-bedded room for Ma, in a small private fa-ii, within half an hour's walk of the city, on the high road to the Crystal Palace, with good garden, and nseof a piano if required. ApPy to Y. Z., Messrs. Everett and Son's, 17, Royal Exchange. 1URNISHED APARTMEENTS, close to Bucking- 1 ham Palce.-Wcll FURNISH FIRs snd SECOND FL OORS to be LET, together or separately. Good cooldng and attendance. Terms lO. orl4s. per wreek, orless to single gontlemen for a permanency. An additional bed room may be hadif required. Apply at 3. Charlotte-street, Pimlco. URNISHED APARTMENTS WANTED, by F a gentleman and two ladies, within 15 minutes' walk of Westminster Abbey-azittingandtwo bed rooms, in the house o! a quietrespectablefamily. Goodattendanoe and all necessary acoommodationincludednottoexceedtwoggaineas a week. if hkedtaken for the seson. -Lettersatating Partirs,zsmaybe addressed to J. S., at Mr. Wils', 42. Charing-cro. - fOUNTRY LODGINGtS.A -ladywishes to place an old andvalued servant who has unhappily become imbecile, with a respectable family in the counry, where she would be kindly treated, and have plain butwholesome food withoett limitation. Answers, stat- ing o1west terms,tZo be addressed to J. bL ., Mr. Salnon's, grocer, High-street, Pcrtlandtown. OTPaSINGLE GENTLEMAN or LADY.-A private Lfamily,wthwhoma entieman resldi for 14 yeay6, is desirous' of ER-LETING a well F%HIRD DRAWINZG Ito FLOOR, writhacocmmOdaiOnferadom mejdrteq..;r The situaton is onlysuradb y hoeses looking into the prks F!ive minutes' wak fro Eaonsur.Trmy, s 0 guInegasayear, AsdressE H.H, by letter Tny 2 uysre,S.Jmss LARGE and elegantly FURNTBSHID APART- N 5RBElLT-STREl§T,,-Ade]phi---ROOMS to .b ^D,frided or > unii31ied- Apply to the i(oiuekeeper. ;STRATI'OltD-PLACE.-To be LET, a GROUND hThere ara tbree no e, an just put iD Cxellent condition, well suited fPr aprofessiooa1ra.: Apijy at 17.- A BED ROOMSI, with Board,- i.; &-private fainily,- cla totheeget'spar. Adres,statiniacomoa~tioctre offer to B. C., 6drkt Ca= °n - DALL-MiLL,op~osite the Cton Chb.-To- b~e LT. eesent A TS, by the year. unfrauahed or furnished. House recent,v decorated, and replete with e:ery coiest Watercloseton eachfloor. Terms moserat. Applyat24, Pall-mali rro CiTY GEaNTLEMEN.-A SITTING ROO1L T andBEFDlh0t M, wellFuinisd A condbedroomlg nib alsoartalbcard. Terms modrer Apply to C. B., 16, Park- ASINGLE GENTLEA-N can be accomnodated X with a FUNISIESa SITTING BOOM ind BED ROO.M, o- BedRoom only, with goodattendance, in the house of a profeional gentleman, who resides elsewhere. Apply at 129, Strand. .O be LET, the UPPER PART of a HOUSE, in Tthe neighbourhoodof Buisell-square; consisting of. two drawing andfourotherrooms, at a low rent, free of taxes. ADply to Mr. lawford. 13, Marcehmoot-street. SLINGTON. - Unfimnished APARTIENT WVANTED. in a quiet family-a first floor, conslsting of two or three rooms, and kiteben. - Rent must be moderate. Address, with fuo particulars, to J. B. C., 41, lHemingford-terrace, Barnabury. lODGINGS for GENTLEMEN.-For 5s. pr weekr L gentlemennmayhaveaseparateweli-ventilatedfBED OOM, ib use of a large zeading room with the daily and weekly newspapers, includingattendan, cooking, boot eleaning, tc., at 69 A, Dean-eet Soho-square. No extras: only 5s. per week. h0 be LET Furnished, airy APARTAIENTS, con-. T.'sitting of a irawing room; vwith one or tm-o bed room, in xare3anrkably healthylocalty, inNoreth Waie. Good trout fishig close band. For terms and partcula apply to C. B., care of Mr. llwalo0rr news agent, Ererett-street, Rusell-square. 0 be LET, in a farm-house, midway between T 'Dorking and tinildford, a oomnortableFURNISBD SITTING ROOMand BED ROOM, accomnmodation for a man-serrant and maid,servnt also stable room forone borse. Children objectedto. Apply atthe Black Horse, Gromsball, near Guidfori. N a FARNI-HOUSE.-APARTlElNTS tobe LET, I Furnihed-one sitting room and one or two bed rtoms. Bor, and attendance if requreL In a healthy village, 12 milesfrom fjwn, 1; from two railway stations. For a permanency preferrLed Addrem, pre-paid, to MB T., post-office, Heston, Middlesex. AILBAY-STREET, overlooking the Regentfs-]?ar -TobeBLET. Furnlshed, on adrvantageous termus.1or apeod of 12months, tbe UPPB rART of * HOUSEP, oompridnga fist and second floor, with conveniences below. Apply to Mr. J. F¢ler, actioneer, 161, Alblny-street, Regents-park. (OUNTRY APARTMENTS REQUIRED, for a Jgentlemanengaged in the city during the day, witbina reasonable distance of a xaiway or some other conveyance A arm-honoo preferred. AddressfnUl particulars, ditance, Lc., to J. H, M-. Dre's, 4, Birehin-lane. *RIGHTON.-To be LET Furnished, on moderate B terms, a good DRAWING BOO&Siand one or two BED BOOMS, sithin fiTe minutes' walk of the sea and Downs; or aocommodatioL or one w two ldy boarder,. Address T. N. C. Mtr. Costick's, roofflce, estern-roid, Brighton. ~BED. 31O0 ANTEmD, for a permanency, in the ..neiybbomrboodof Rlegent-street, Bond.street, or Piccadilly bya single gentleman, wsho gives very little tronble, and is engage ont doving the day. Would p)referahonse withont other lodgers. Ad-. dress, stdatig lowpest terms, toPS, cave of Mr. Bridge, newvs agent, 2, 'NEAR the NEW POST-OFFICE.--APART- METS to be LET, unfmrisbed,in a house of business, consisting of kitchen, parlour, bedroom, and attic, fit forimmediate ccuis&- ion by a small respectable family. Rest very moderate, including use of fitures, cellar, and other conveniences. Apply at 1, Cox's-court, Iattle Britain, from 10 till 4. AN elegant FUtRNISHaED APRTMIE0T to be i teI m consisting ofea superior uratitgroom, bed room, doreing room, andriamthnroom, also anothereroomt or a servant if requred te the sme Fooraith sepaate entrance. Terms for sindle gentlemen. a3nds.per eek,with family £4. Attendance, ithounen,incluered. Apply at 40, seunt-treet, AGrosvendor-square. EW BONRD-STREET, nearnton-Cardens.=Fur CS nidorufrished , forthe sasn r oner an elega utDAVNGPOM viUh Te Room en suaite, most convenientlY situate either for a bachelor or mea ber ofl Parliament, being in a cheerful and airy situation, and uear to cub,. Fer cards apUply to Mr. Qnallett, 10, eB odond-ttreet. f'OUNTRY APARTS&ool Furnishe f-Palour- mJ andBmer Boom, with attendance. or married coplee referred. V atbin 10 minutes' w,alk of the Haclimey Station from Fenchurchstreet. A large garden awdfieldto the house, and some exclDlent fgrebIug on the irterIcea withinwfive r instes'walyb Rentl8c per week,A CglesCa Cot-te, Loswer yomerton, nearoerso-hilL. uaLIFFORD-STREETn Burl.ngton-gardens.-Fur nishedorAnfurIshed, for the season or longer. an elegant SwUIT of yPRTMEg n S, handomelY appoimnted, consistig of two drapins rooms, diuingroom, ante Room, for bed chamber., offtces, hull, and private entrance: adapted either fortemporayaccommodation of ;s famJit or &te wesidente of a professonal man, For cards auply totr. Qnallett, 10, O ew Bond-street. C 13a postan and genteel RESIDENCE. On the bresormalltownm Hampushire.a widois lady, with agrown up daughters, is desirous of LEtTING PART of her hOUSE for the summer nAunthsto-a ingle lady, or, if preferred, to take her as a boarder foraermanency, which may be more convenient and avry e- able toboth p rties. In7iSrafmoydbc made, or letters addre io £0, Connaught-terrace, Hfyde-park; or letters to A. B., post-office, Siouthampton. pE HOTOGRA^PHIC ROOMS WANMTED.-Twro yougmBe, who intendnto commence in temphotograpyicpErtraiC businetss wsh to ind ROOmS suitable for that uposE. Alfsp zeAssistut who understands photography. Address Mr. Beaiumont 3, N,ew Oramond-street, Queen-quare. HI.AMBERS toNbe LET, atthe Berkeley-chabr, 13 Buton-street Bondstrect: rents frobe £L 0 to £60 and at l h Adetphiambe's, JohnnstAeet,adtphi-ices ant hambers: tenaiw £E1S to £40. (THJAMERS.-To be LET, unfurnished, a &prtal SET,f conHitina of two sitting radms, good bed room,with dresseig room djoiming, where wateris laid on, waith closet, aud ever M omb renience. Appiy at 17, stratford-place, Oxford-reet. 0HAMU BERS, Gray's-inn.-- getea ccpigs AJFCt~ ~~i o bme it3ayrnond-buiLdngs, wishes to LET ffa5larl; as an OFFICE. An armangement might probably be effected ifde sired as to a cler'sserices. References will be required. Afdresa A, B:., care of Mr. Montague, 8, Bronlowr-atreet, Holbora. IHAMIBERS.-New Palace Club-Chamber, 20, y }King-street, St. James's.-TobebeLET, a CHiA MER, looking ito St. J Tam es'-street. All rates, taxes, servants' attendauce, and use of private coffee roomincluded in the rent. Also, the offioes attached, suitable for law, insurance, or public company. FT. JESts.-To be LET, on a txermn, a supeior SET of Cflo MBERSa betlg a distinct priate residence, ith Smple domestic officers, bats, St. uitable to a nobeman or Nember of Parliament. The appropriate furniture to be tSakaenat araluation, Apply to Banting and Sons, 27. St. James's-street. ^zBErPalace Club Cpam nesu. A0, _/FFmget, St. James'e.-To he LET, a CH1IEEB , loot g com lo Jamles's-street. Al rate and toaxes, servants' attedauF FI se, of privatdcoffeeroomoincudedintherent. Also theOfftioe.tA l,t sumtableSor law. insurance, or pubLc compans.. o. C pFFICE to be LET, with excellent light, on th e asecoud floor, at 12. Little Tox e r-street chambers. Apply to tIr.h Geo. &chofidd, 2, Cress-lanie, St. Mlary-at-Hill; oveon the premiees - fFFICES to be LETf 42, Charing-cross, near the '7eAdmiualty-two good-stzr rooms ontsecond floor. ApplytatGe ilses bo er, 42, Charing-eross. (VFFICES. - To be LET, a SUITE ofTROOWMS,a ' NSo. 13. Gresham-street, Guildhall. Bent £100 per aunum. Apply to er. D. Hiughes, on the premises. houFICE.-To be LET, 3S, Cannon-street, cornerof PEing Wlliam-street, city, one Fery large cghtfnitinasg OFFICte easily divided, with strong room and every accommodation. Appry to the porter. OdFFICES, suitable for La,m Insurance, or Pub}ic Co mpany.-To ba LET, the OftaxSe atta ched to the New Palace Club-hambers, 20, R --street, St. James's. Apply to the b porter. O FFICES, suitable for Law, Insurance, or Public Corpany.-To be LEnt, the OFFICES attached to the Nepi Pahace Club Chambers, 20, Fng-s ree, St. Jamosb. Apply to thePall Porter. C ITY OFFICES, Furnished. -To be LET, TlYO very sHperior OFFICES, on the second floor, aEt £0 per ansm Ii preferred, the furniture may o taken at valua:ion. Appil to tho housekeeper, 3, Bond-court, Waibrook. CPLEn DID first-class OFFICES, consrsting of the principal part of a rnsion, in a central square ate west end, admirablsyadapted forn publiocompany, to be 1 ?oadLoEnrileor T 014 or21years, atEafied rental free oftaxes.a-drepaNiT For partlcnlheis apply at 229. Re,,ent street (first tloor).e. p ARLOUEWNT-STEEET.-To be LET, capiaal fieerst An econdstoor OFFICES, togetherorseperately, recntly utinthoroghoramn tal repair, and fit for immediate occapatiess ewholoof the hoase mAy be Dad athridsummere Apply on ta e Bpreinises, 41, or to Mess. TroUope, Parlament-street; or to Mird yes, auctioneer, 3, Abchurch-lane, Lombard-street. T IGt TOFFICESandRESIDENCE CHAMBERS, with immediate peosssion, at 2, Lincoln's inn-fields, on thos ground floor;* suitable for a company, or solicitors. enugincecr, or architects; and other officesall at i-ry moderate rents. ldodcricomvenienees. Apply tothe housekceeper. -- - TJ'O COISONIL BROKERS, Public Companits. & and otbers.-OFFBIsTS to ho LET-as suite of Sour rooms. writh strong room, ou first floor, at 01, lKing WllDiam-street. Bent £130 perannum. Also a saiSsof tro rooms3 and s,pacious cellarage. App3y toMess. Mlason and Sons, 61, King WVilliam-street. London-bridge. TflO F2REEHOLDERS and others.-WANTED,sYOmC S HIOUSE PROP'EtTY, on a repairing lease, by a young man ha thebulding trade. AddreessG. T., 246, HIh-street, Shoredileb. AHIOISE WATED, Furnished, with a Garden, for two or threemonths. within three miles of Stratford, Apply by letter to A. K., poet-flios. Stratford, E ssex. BREWRY.-WATED, a three to eight guarter J I 'Tat a reratal fwith option to purchaFse), with residenno and beer-hose attached. Town prfefrred.-W. F., 16, Phi3pot-lae. city. 31ANUFACTURERS having more PREMilSES and STELM POWER than they require may hear of a party -illing to make arrangements for the u%e of the sasoc by addressing to, . T., Mr. Pratt's tailor, Thomas-strect, Oxfordstreet. ARAL-WANTED, to RENT, abouit 150 to 20'D Faaseres of LAND (principally meadow and pasture), witl a goo&L hous Address,rtatingparticularv,toB. B. B., City N'ewstoosn, C. Chealpeide. CIOTTAGE WANITED, Furnished, for three or four montba, within seven miles of town. to contain not lesS than isx roomis goodgacden, stable, and the use of a paddock preferred. Apply by letter only, stating terms, to J. Wand, S, MyrIle-strect, Horton. USSEX, Kent, or Surrey.-WVANTED, a MIAN- S SION, in -ood repair, containing not less than 15 bed rooms andS fourreception rooms, with grouads Lnd stabling. It is required fore private lunatic asylum, forthe higher class of lady patients. Apply by etter to Mr.Wilkinson, house and estLte agent, North-street, Bigbhton. CEA-SIDE.-WANTED, before the beight of the S season, a plain clean FURNISHED HOUSE or COTTAGE. for :, month, six-weeks. or two months Letter with terms and full particnla, to be sent to H. W., Clemow's, hosier, S0, King WilisiJe-Atreet. city. SYLUM.-HNTEDS to PURCSE, the IN- A TEREST of an ASYLUM for the reception of mental i2v;iids of the 'hgher classe The neighbomrhood ot London p referred. Address, stating all particulars to ,L D., Mr. Urah,ills B3ritsh a" foreign library, edgeware-road. - Tr° TATI(NER , Tobacconists, and others.- J T3D, sTg,a nuineBUS_lF.ssinthe aboreline. £ wiIlbo the highest offer. leading thoroughfare aud satisfactory references indispensable. Address A. Z., Mr. Farmers, news a;ent, t, Blooms bury-teamee, Commercial-road east. pREPARATORY SCHOOL WANTED, for a little hy eeethree and four yearso0f agec,either in ayounglsidieser boya boarding estbishment whiere only fewr are received. Situatior must be healthy. Killiurn, Ed<gewire, Hamperassd, Highgale or Kentish-twn preferred. It is indispensable tnem shouldba efield. le.n,or Ps$grmed attached. Parlticuars. o.-, to be addressed, post uee toW. L, ; 3r. MNorton'.s, 47, Portman-place, Edgeiare-road. JI UUi1S.WANT D, a etaced o Semlletaflor HOUSE, in goodrepair, with three orfourreceptioOi room,, a.il Feea otofic etfo 70t 3 e num. Fell parties- las ma baddesed o , B, cseof esrs.Hidus, cbywists, 235
IBELAND. * (FOM OUR OWN COR SrONDMT.) DUBLOT, SATURDAY I.IoRNING. Pscz EJOICINGS. The zealous intervention of one of the city of D)ublin members in procuring a share of the public inoney to be expended on fireworks for the amusement of his constituents has been promptly fol- lowed up by the Earl of Carlisle, who has already. issued orders for a brilliant illumination in all the public offices on the ratification of the treaty of peace by the several Sovereigns. Arrangements will be also made for a display of fireworks on a large and magnificent scale. The place selected for the principal display is the Phcenix Park, and the spot his Excellenev has pointed out asthe most suitablefor the purpose is the mound on which the Wellington Testimonial stands, as being a position which will enable the greatest number of persons to witness the fireworks, cnd as the best adapted to afford those at a distance an opportunity of seeing their effect. Contemporaneously with this statement the papers announce the arrival in Kingstown yesterday of two 'rench ships of war, the first that ever anchored in that fine harbour. Their names are the Artdmise, Captain de Mar, 24 guns, and the brig Agile, Captiin Pattier, mounting 12 guns. They sailed from Cherbourg on a cruise, and will next proceed to Iceland. On entering the harbour they each fired a salute of 21 guns, which wre could not reply to, not having a battery here. They are very fine looking craft. Another French vessel of war entered the harbour this morning. All will reman here for nbout a week. THE TIPPEPRARY BEANK. The Zein-ster Kcpress, ajournal which seems, some -vay or other, to be tolerably conversant with everything that relates to the affairs of this huge swindle, observes "Tne investigatioa into the affairs of this unfortunate concern is satisfactorily progressing, and there is every prospcotthat the full Claims of the creditors Will be ultimately realized, though of course to the great loss of all, and the ruin of many of the shareholders. We have only to hope that no false delicacy will prevent the condiga p*.n5ish~ent of those who must have aided the late John Sadleir inhisimmensefrauds. We say 'must,' because it is absolute nonsense to suppose that the parties engaged in the framing of the fraudulent report were not quite ready to do all that Mfr. Sadleir did, except, perhaps, commit his last fatal act. Wo shall do vell to turn our attention from the guiltof the dead, who is beyoud our reach, to that of the living, who are within it; and it is the duty of the authorities to take care that the unfortunate deceased is not made a scapegoat for the sins of the equally &uilty whom he has left behind. Some recent proceedings m one of the English La w coiurts have called prominent attention to Mr. Sadleir's connexion wvith the London and County Bank ; and from other circumstances it is tolerably certain that Mr. Sadleir made up his liabilities to that establishment at the expense of the Irish concern. THis position as chairman of the two companies at one and the same time has raised the point as to whether the London and County Bank cannot be compelled to disgorge certain securities which it became possessed of at the eleventh hour, and which were ostensibly purchased for the Tipperary Bank, and with its cash. This and the relation of the Bank of Ireland to the Tipperary Bank may form supplemental work for the official manager. Notvithstanding some contradictions that have been made, we deliberately repeat that the Bank of Ireland was much more intimately concerned with the defurct company than the public have been since led to believe." THE =INGSTON ESTATES. The cas-.e of " The Earl of Kingston v. Sadleir, :Eyre, and Others," came yesterday before one of the 3Iasters in Chancery, when counsel on behal'f of the defendant Eyre applied for liberty to file a new charge on foot of his demand, and, if necessary, a charge as. betwveen himself and J. Sadleir, or the *official manager representing the Tipperary JointStock Ban's, and that he (the dlefendant Eyre) might be at liberty to take such proceeding3 as he migtht be advised to su.stain his demand in the M!aster's offlce on his own behalf and independent of MlIr. James S;adleir, the public officer of the said bank, or of the offcial manager. The bill was filed .against the defendants Sadleir and Eyre as mortgagees in possession, and a decree to account obtained. A joint charge was filed by the defendants, in which they claim the balance of a sum of 103,0001. as being due to them as mortgagees. Counsel for Lord inston contended that it was no concern of his cElient in what position MUr. Sadleir and Mr. Eyre stood with reference to each other or to the Tipperary Bank. A discharge had been alreadyfiled bythemjointly, and its voluminous nature might be gathered from the fact that it cost no less than 'i01. to take out a copy of it. On the terms, however, that that suit should not be delayed, nor Lord King,ston involved in expense or collateral issues, he had no objection that liberty to file the separate ch.rge should he granted. lIe was the less desirous to oppose it, as it might, possibly, be the means of throwing some light on the affairs of the bankl., and be of service to the imfortunateshareholders. An applicationw as then made on behalf of the official manager for liberty to file a discharge to the charge, if it should be deemed advisable to do so. The Milaster granted liberty to file both the charge and the discharge. TILE MURDEP. OF ?iS. KELLY. A lccaI paper has the following misty revelations respectinlg the assassins of Mrs. IKelly "ve are enabled to state from private sources that many facts have been elicited tending to create a belief that the assassination of the unfortunate Mrs. Kelly was the result of a widely extended conspiracy, and that the impunity with which the murderers wvere permsitted to escape -was not by any means accidental. Further it would not at this stage of the proceedings become us to state; probably a very short time wi'l develope the foul machinations wvhich led to this sanguinary deed." THE DISARMA31ENT. The stubjoined statement appears in the Evening M(uil - " It is not more than a fortnight since, that the Galway !,ilitia, was suddenly ordered from England to Ireland, and on their arrival here were 13arched without an hour's delay to Galway for the purpose of bein-disembodiedL This was, of course, regarded as the preparatory step to the disbandment o' the whole force, but within the last few days another chane has taken place in the councils of the AVar Department, and w e now- learn that an order has been issued notifying that no reduction is to take place before March, The county of DuLblin and some other Irish corps of m-ilitia received orders this day to recommence recruiting. SA=TUID}AY EVEN-ING. THE SADLEI. FRAUDS. The followiing curious statement in reference to the affairs of the late John Sadleir appears in the Poet of this everinu "This is a question which now engrosses much attention and for which it is difficult, indeed, to discover a solution. So gigantic and unprecedented are the frauds commnitted by John Sadleir tbat facts, as fresh discoveries are made, far surpass all the estimates that had been formed and all the speculations in which rnmour had indulged. The Royal Bwedish Railvay Company alone, it is now ascertained, has suff_red by his organized system of plunder to the extent of nearly 350,000l. Tnder sutch circumstances, it would be a 3natter of surprise if any one conld be found rash enough to undertake the responsibility that might be incurred in the windingup of his affairs; and, unless the Crown consent to take the necessary steps for the .appoitment of an official representative. we see no likelihood of an administration in the case, although any creditor, we believe, may apply to the Court of Chance-y to name him as official assignee. Meanwhile, whatever property stands in Sadleir's name-such property, we mean, as may be extricated from the complicated system of swindling in vhich he had been so long engaged-is in danger of being lost to the creditors of the Tipperary Bank, as well as au others who may have claims. In the case of that most unfortunate concern, the lawv has provided a system of proceedinu in the M iding-up Act; but that mode of acting is available only for joint-stock companies. On account of the verdict of self-murder the Crown can claim the right of ad miistration; but, unless the Crown consent to act, an act of Parliament may become necessary to render the prolierty of John Sadleir available in anyform."p "Sincethe abovlvas Written, ive ba-e heard thatsome initiatory proceeding has been taken on behalf of the Crown in the Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury, with a view to the aprointment of a person to take out administration in the affairs of Jolim Sadleir. This, if our information be correct, is a proper and necessary step, for no) means should Le left untried to obtain the fullest po ible a mount of assets to meet the enorwous extent of the claims connected with the Tipperary Bank." IUISH B.UKl RETUR.NS. Average Amonnt of Bank-notes in Circulation and of Coin held during the Four Weeks ending S:aturday, the 12th of April. 1E56. THJ FUNDS. T'bae- per Cent. Consol&, 92; ditto for account, May 8, 991; ; New Three per Cent. Stock. 92g ; ditto, for account, My .8 92.: ; Dublin and KfigStown Four per Cent. Railway Debentures of 100., 08; Midlan Great Weaiern, 41 percent., of *5CO!., 99; Nationail Bank of Ize- land (22!. lOs. pai J. 321.IailWa&ys.-Dnblnand BelfastJunc.; tion (4553t paid), foir acount, 44tiDubflin and WVickow (10!. paid), 53 ; jDond lka7Ennisklen U10!. psid), forncco~unt, i.,Great Southemr and Western (SOL' paid), Si}*Irish? larney J3unction (1OL. paid), 9s, Mtidland Great Westerni and Royal Canal. (501. paidj. 5 WateTford ?nd Limerick lFive per Cent. Prefrrence (501.paid) fcr account, 43.
THE EDUCATION GRANTS. TO TS EDITORDOF THE TTDMS. Sir,-Mr. Edward Baines evidently takes credit to himself and to the cause of voluntaryism for the vote of the House of Commons upon Lord John Russells " resolutions." He proceeds to expLain to Sir James Graham and the majority in what way they are to turn to account the unexpected advantage which their common cause has gained. I also would ask the House of -Commons (" if they will honour me with their attention") whether, in voting with Sir James Graham, they intended, as Mr. Baines would cunningly assume, to revive the expiring cause of voluntaryism, or simaply to protect the system of education now in operation against the possibie consequences of the noble Lord's resolutions. Mr. Edward Baines, after being upon his back for six years, is, by the help of Sir James Graham and The Tizes, suddenly on his legs, and is already following up this advantage by a bold stroke, intended to cut off a portion of the Parliamentary vote. Now, Sir, allow me to remark that you yourself placed the question some weeks ago in the strongest light when you argued against Lord John Russell's resolutions that it was premature to supplement the operations of the present system while they vwere still extending themselves every year. But xr. Baines would cramp these operations at once by curtailing the grant for education, 'and, if he succeeds, would persuade the House of Commonspenitently to retrace that fatal course which it has been pursuing since 1846. The present system has given a mighty impulse to the spread of popular education in the more favoured districts, the natural consequence of the principle w hich it encourages of giving aid to vohmutary exertion. But wherever there existed lukewarmness in the cause of education and in the most neglected districts the present system has failed-a fact not very encouraging to pure and unaided voluntaryism' To remedy this most important defect, the Committee of Couucil on Elducation most wisely adopted the principle of capitation grants, gluarding those grants by certain conditions, and limiting them, until more experience was gained, to smaller districts. The consequence has- been that numbers of schools, which could not on the voluntary system maintain a certificated master (and a country school supported on the voluntary system usually means a school where the miserable stipend of the master comes from the scanty stipend of the incumbent), are now enabled to claim the benefits of inspection. I a myself in the habit of receiving above 400 applications from the clergy annually for masters, and the following might be stereotyped as a specimen of full half:-" Nearly the whole expense of supporting the school falls upon myself, and the children's pence barely cover the sum required for coals, cleaning, and school appliances. I fear youa may not be able to supply a teacher for the small salary that I have to offer." I have been able to point out to numerous such applicants the minute which allows the capitation grant, of the existence of which they were not aware; and upon the renewal of their application I have been able to supply them with an efficient and certificated master. The Committee of Council now propose to extend the principle of mnaking capitation grants; and the consequence will he that a multitude of schools, now plausibly claimed by the voluntaries as opposed to Goverment inspection, will gladly accept trained and capable masters, and introduce an education calculated to tell upon the sad ignorance that still broods over a large portion of the land. Of course, whatever extends the aid of the State must increase the cost; and what national benefit is there that can be expected for nothing? The smaller American States, not to speak of Sweden and Sardinia, if Mr. Baines is so afraid of Germany, gladly expend ten times the amoiunt in proportion to the population. Mr. Baines addressed himself in his first letter to the covetous instinct of the nation; but he should have learnt before this that whatever adds to the security of property, whatever developes the physical and moral resources of a people, must enhance the value of property; that whatever tends to change an ignorant and unenterprising population into an intelligent and industrious one must increase the capital of the land, and that it is better to spend even two minions upon pliable children than ten millions upon hardened culprits,-the one in order to prevent, the other in order hopelessly to reclaim or vindictively to punish crime. The attacks upon other portions of the present system, worked by the Committee of Council, are altogether out of date, unless Mr. Baines expects singlehanded to roll back that stream which has been gathering strength every successive year. Those attacks I fear that I must call both ungenerous and puerile. It is ungenerous to charge the Council-office with the intention of excluding school books from the revised list in order to secure the more rapid sale of the very few which have been published by Her Majesty's inspectors, and the charge betrays also ignorance of the system adopted by the Council-office. It is puerile in the extreme to anticipate any evil from the increase of numbers in the partial pay of the Council-office. Does Mr. Baines in his heart believe that when the managers of a school propose a pupil teacher the Government stay to inquire what are the politics of the parents ? The statement -which Mr. Baines makes, that "he has know;n the parents of pupil teachers to abandon their forner political opinions," is so monstrous as to baffle the belief that he can be in earnest. Does Mr. Baincs really for one moment suppose that the inspector makes it his business to hunt up the parents and to report their political creed? And, if not, does he imagine that one such silly case (if there be one) could possibly find its counterpart ? To every philanthropic mind the facts at least of iMr. faines's letter must be a cause of rejoicing. From 1846 to 1856 the Parliamentary vote has been Increa^sed tenfold. If, as he says, " the whole system is essentially unjust and unfair," it is only unjust in the sense that taxes of war are unjust to the Society of Friends. If "it is a gigantic in-, terference ivith the freedom and independence of education," it is the interference of gigantic public opinion with the narrow crotchets of a collapsing school, wvhich would sacrifice even the sacred practical interests of education to the abstract theories of a political sect. If Mr. Baines could add that " it must operate to produce ultimately inferiority and stagnation," he must have mistaken the cause which ho assails for that which he advocates, and be thinking of that inferiority in the skiUed labour of English artisans as exhibited in the EIxhibition of 1851, and of that stagnation among British operatives which offers so striking a contrast with the growing intelligence of their Belgian, Plrssian, and American brethren. I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, C. HI. BROMBY. .Normal College, Cheltenham, April 25.
PUBLIC WVALKS. TO THiE EDITOR. OF THE TIIMES. Sir,-I was so fortumate some years ago as to obtain a committee of the House of Conimons on public parks and walks in the vicinity of great cities. The evidence taken beforethat committee has often directed mythoughts towards kindred objects, and led me to consider how snultitudes of men, confined during the week to the close precincts of towns, might better enjoy a cheerful change and the fresh air of the coumtry in their walks on Sundays or occasional holydays. The vale of the Thames from Richmond to Grienvwiclh has many beautiful views; the sloping hi71s from Highgate or Hampstead to those on the Surrey and Kent side are varied with undulations and studded with innumerable mansions, villas, and ornamented cottages and dwellings, the homes of opulence and independence. Whatever the proprietor be, w.hether a nobleman, - a merchant, or a tradesman, the first thing he usually does (after making his garden and grounds a source of enjoyment) is to build a high wall. round and shut out every human being from tle slightest participation in any of the blessings he enjoys, the views he sees, and almost the air he breathes. If any prisoner of the close-built townL climbs the hills which skirt the noble valley of the Thames in hopes to command a view and taste tlho .ar of freedom he finds almost every road and footpath edged with high wails and close palings, so as to exclude a chance of his seeing aniything around him. For miles and miles in the vicinity of the metropolis every glimpse of the country is impeded by these impervious and envious fences. We cannot interfere with the management of private property; yet I would respectfully submit to the owners of these pleasant places that the substitution of open iron or wooden rails instead of close paling or high wals, in some places only, along the edge of their grounds, would afford to thleir humbler fellow-subjects great enjoyment and comfort. A small opening of only 20 yards will often give an extended and c eerfu view, and yet be so contrived, by a little wing wall on each side, as to prevent the benevolent proprietor being overlooked. If, in addition to such a boon, space were given for a seat or two for humble pedestrians, a permanent benefit would be conferred, and by adding to the happiness of others the donor would increase hus own. A few such open and cheerful views and resting places on the rising grounds near great townis would be a small but grateful concession to the multitudes who are engaged in almost ceaseless toil, and who traverse continually our dusty highways. The example of one such benefactor would probably be followed by others, and thus the benefit would be extended and perpetuated. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. - ROBERT A. SlA2NEY: T1E BIsHo? OF Nor1mIcm.-Itwas stated recently in The Tines that the Bishop of Norwich had been slowly regaining his health, and that his Lordship obuld hold a confinmationl during the ensuing month. Since the publica- tion of this announeonent an arrangement has been madeby wlhch the Bishop of Thrry w oi ciate for h1i Lord- E p. .
M T- CIlYNTLL -- Saturday Evening. The English funds have experienced a further faU to-day of three-eighths per,cent. Consols for money, which from the rumoula regarding a new loan left off last evening at 92i, were first quloted 92} to 3u From this~ they dechined to 92j to, at whic'h they remained up to the termination o business For the 5th of Mfay there wrere finally sellers at 92X. Bank Stock closed at 211 to 212; Reduced., 91 i.to ;New Tnree per Cents., 91f to {; J Anuities, 30 years, 17 1-16; India St6ck, 226 to 229; Indiabonds 9s., to 3s. discount; and Exchequer-bonds, 98 to +. The Exchequer-bill market showed increasedheaviness, and the June descriptions were 5s. to 2s. discount, and the 3March 2s. discount to 2s. premium The Bank return produced an unfavourable inpression this morning, but the fact that the Australian arrivals arM now becoming numerous, that moderatesmunsof gold are alsocomingin fromFrance, the north of Germany, and Russia, and that. the shipments on account of the Turkish loan will soon terminate, are calculated to inspire confidence Cat a more favourable state of the money-market may soon be hoped for, and that in the course of this week or the next the Bank will entertain the question of fixing their rate of discount at 6 per cent. for all descriptions of paper. Foreign securities experienced a general decline, sales having preponderated throughout the day. Turkish, Mexican, and Sardinian were principally affected, the majority of operations having been in these descriptions. Turkish Six per Cents,. were negotiated at 97* and 96- for the account; and the Four per Cent. Guaranteed at 101, X and for the account. BrazilianFive per Cents. 1Rew, 98.; Mexican for account, 21g and i; RussianFive per Cents. 105 ; Sardinian Five per Cents., for money, 94q and 95; for the account, 94k; Spanish Three per Cents., for money, 449 and 44; for the account, 4 m;and Spanish Certificates, 5. The closing prices of the French Three per Cents. failed to arrive from the Paris Bourse this evening. At the opening the market was dull at a decline of an eighth in sympathy with the depression on this side. The Beemah has arrived from Port Phillip with 18,000 ounces of gold, valued at 72,0001. She has also brought intelligence of the sailing of the Albatross, theThames, and the Statesman with an aggregate of 300,0001. The former has been out 99 days, and the two latter 93 days. The gold by the Blackwall was not delivered today, but is expected to be ready on Monday. It is apprehended that some portion of it will be boueht for the Bank of France, although remittances of gold from Paris to London are stiUl taking place. A prospectus has been issued of the General Bank of Switzerland with a capital of 2,400,0001. in 101. shares, of which one-third, or 800,0001., is to be first issued. The council of admiinistration comprises many respectable names connected with banking establishments in England, France, and Switzerland, and the institution has received from the Swiss Government the privilege of issuing notes payable on demand. The chief office is to be at Geneva, and branches will be formed in this country, France, and Sardinia. A novel arrangement is proposed with regard to the form in which the shares are to be created. According to the statates, an annual reserve fund is to b3 set apart, sufficient to reimburse the whole capital in 30 years by annual drawings, with a bonus of 25 per cent. For every share, therefore, two certificates will be issued, one to represent the capital only, the other to entitle the holder to dividends only. Each of these certificates will be separately saleable, and when the former have been liquidated the latter will represent both capital and dividends. The shares will be to bearer, and 11. deposit is to ba paid, to be followed by a further sum of 41. to make up the first instalment of 51. Of the first 800,0001., 200,0001. has been subscribed in (xeneva, leaving 600,0001. to be subscribed in Paris, London, and elsewhere. The railway meetings of thle week have generally related to secondary undertakings. According to the report of the East Indian Company, the progress of the line is satisfactory. The arrangements for consolidating the capital have commenced, and the general prospects of traffic are encouraging. The Great Indian Peninsula line is also being pushed forward with vigour, and at present every contract has been let within the amount of the engineer's estimate. It is stated in the report of the Antwerpand Rotterdam Railway that the goods traffic would have increased had the company possessed the means for its developmnent, and that the necessary arrangements will shortly be completed to effect this object. The meeting of the Mlons and MIanege Company has been adjourned to afford time to receive the award under the pending arbitration 'with respect to the question of back interest. The report of the WVest Flanders Railway has been adopted, and a dividend has been declared at the rate of 3s. per share. Every endeavour is being made to develope the traffic, and strict economy continues to be exercised with regard to expencliture. At the first general meeting of the Pernambuco Railwray it was announced that the works may be completed in about two and a-half years, but that the contractors have been allowed four. At the Aberdeen meeting the report, incluling a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent. on the preferenee shares, was agreed to, and the directors were authorized to issue deferred dividend warranits to the holders of 7 per cent. preference stock. The specie arrivals of the week have amounted to about 370,0001. The adljourned meeting of the Royal Swedish Railway is to be held on Tuesday, and the question as to the innnediate raising of funds to earry on the works and to meet pressing claims at home will then have to be decided. In case the requisite measures in this respect should not be adopted, the five newly elected directors will, it is said, not feel themselves justified in iundertaking the responsibilities of offies. The Bank of Upper Canada, established at Toronto in 1.822, propose to increase their capital by an issue of 8,000 new shares of 121. 10s. (currency) each, at 5 per cent. premium. A section of the shareholders of the London anl Paris Bank have issued a suggestion that the amount paid upon the shares should be returned less expenses, and that the undertaking should be wound up. The sum paid upon them is 101.; they are now at 41. disoount, and business cannot be commenced until a further call of 401. shall have been made. It is alleged that only 4,200 shares out of 6,000 have been paid upon, and that the undertaking has not received the support thatv was anticipated from French capitalsts. The Royal British Bank will open on the 1st of Mlay a Holborii branch at the corner of Chancerylane. The petition to Parliament against the abolition of the law which requires all contracts of 101. and upward to be in writing is stated to have been signed by 300 of the principal firms in London. A.printed circular has been issued on the part of certain cashiers and clerks lately dismissed from the Provident Institution Savings' Bank, St. Mfartin'splace, at the instance of the controller of that establishment. The ground oL dismissal was, that the preparation of the arnnual accolults had been neglected until there was danger of their not being ready within the period prescribed by act of Par- nament. It is alleged that this delay was in a great degree caused by the controller himself, but that inthe investigation which followed the controller acted as prosecutor. It is further stated, that the cashiers and clerks were not only precluded from having their defence dispassionately considered, but that they were subjected to offensive and overbearing treatment,which, if itbe correctly described, is such as would not be allowed in an ordinary law court to persons on their trial; and that the result was a vote of thanks from the committee to the controller, accompanied with a recommendation that his nephew, an officer of the establishment, should receive promotion, and that all the other cashiers and clerks should be dismissed. It is added that these resolutions were attempted to be concealed dluring the interval required to elapse before they could be sanctioned by a general meeting; that a respectful representation, addressed to PrinceAlbert,the Chairman ofithe meeting,was suppressed by the controller; that power having been given to the controller to reinstate any of the clerks he might select, they were required, as a condition of this clemency, to sign an acknowledgmaent that they had been guilty of insubordination, combinationi, and inefficiency; and that they unanimously rejected this demand and received notice in consequence that they are to leave on the 3d of Julynext-the committee meanwhile falling into the inconsistency of intrusting the affairs of the insitttion for three m onths to persons-whom th-ey have pronounced unworthy of confidence; Thesestatements are entirely expartc, and it is, therefore,- impossible to determine how far they areentitled to' consideration; but when it is found that three of the'>X dismissed persons had been from 20 to 28 years in the service, that the remaining six had been employed for periods averaging between eight and nine years, and that the sentence they have voluntarily. aecepted rather than assent to the demand that they should plead guilty to everything charged against them is not only a deprivation of their appointments, but also the loss of prospective advantage from a superannuation fund of 9,1691., it is fair to assume a probability that the misconduct cannot all have been on one side, that the matter night have been brought to a less harsh conclusion, and that it should at aUl events receive further investigation. No persons of experience in business will contest the necessity of heads of offices being thoroughly supptorted if they are to be responsible, for the efficiency of their departments, and instances constantly occur of an ineonceivable stubborness on the part of those whohiave been drawnintoinsubordinate combinations which will induce them to submit to ruin rather than to mortify their selfesteem by an acknowledgment of error. On the other hand, the abuises of arbitrary power, especially where it can be turned to family promotion, are as numerous and often more flagrant; and, although for the sake of disciplin eextensive toleration in this respect is sometimes unavoidable, there are limits beyond which it must not pass. The annexed information with regard to the progress of English mining adventure is condensed from the Mining Journal.- "eAfinin shares still show a downward tendency, and sales have ben again pressed. At North Basset meeting the accounts showed a balance of 4,0761., from which a dividend of 13s. per share was declared; the prospective accounts show a balance for next meeting of 5,0931. At West Caradon meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 722C. At Sortridge Consols meeting the accounts showeed a total balance in favour of the mine of 5,0791. At St. Day United meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 4,2991. At Wheal Arthur meetingtheaccounts showedabalance infavourof themineof 4271. At Copper Hill meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 3751. 18s. l d.; a call of 31. per share was made. At Wheal Barriett meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 1701.; a call of 5s. per share was made. At Great Wheal Alfred meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 2,ff63/.; a call of 10s. per share was made. At Wheal Sidney meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2161. At Wheal Trenwith meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 1,0661.; a call of 11. per share was made. At Great Cowarch meeting a call of 2s. per share was made. At East Wheal Wrey meeting a call of ls. was made. At South Wheal Robert meeting a caU of 6d. was made. At Merllyn Mine meet. ing a caU of 2s. was made, and at Garreg Mine meetng a call of is. was made." With regard to foreign mining adventure there is' nothiug worthy of extract. The following letter on the oil gas question is the last that can be inserted. If either Mr. Hansor or NIlr. Booth can practicallymake gooil their respective promises they will confer a great advantage upon the public, and it will then be satisfactory to record their progress :- " Sir,-In your eity article of the 24th inst. it is asserted by a correspondent that my gas patent is a failure. This I camnot permit to be announced without a contradiction being given. "The principles of my patent have, indeed, been subjected to t e severest test by the conduct of the persons with whom I was connected in business a short time since, because they came to a resolution that no other oil should be wrought up in my apparatus except the spurious matter caled resin oil, which is the residuum of the distillation of turpentine; nevertheless, by much labour, I discovered a proper and correct chymical manipulation that even this pseudo oil might be used to advantage if certain rules were attended to, as all claymical processes require certain attention to rules And sortc. " Mr. Hansor I employed to practise these rules, which answered verywell when duly attendedto, and which I have his written evidence to prove; but when he followed his own suggestions he failed, and brought the natural evils to bear whoch a departure from correct principles is sure to produce. "Mr. lansor's present patent is only a simulation of mine, founded upon those chymical principles and practice wich I was the first and only person to make public. Ho will not be able to put his plan into practice without my proceeding against him for the penalties of an infringemnent. " I shaU shortly prove that my patent is not a failure. When the Law proceedings now pending in Chancery are determined, I shall then be able to show the public that they may have a supezior description of gas at a less price than coal gas. "I beg the insertion of this as a matter of simple justice to muyself and the prublic. " Yours respectfully "d. R. BOOTH. "9, Portland-place, Wandsworth-road, April 28." A plan for an Improved Abstract of the Public Accounts of Revenure and P'x.penu1iture has been published by Mr. C. F. Cotterill,* which furnishes numerous suggestions for the introduction of greater clearness, brevity, and accuracy than has been yet attained even under the amended system lately introduced. At present the quarterly accounts present many discrepancies with the annual accounta fact which would not be permitted in any ordinary counting-house, and which, as is shown by Air. Cotterill, could easily be remedied. In the course of the remarks by which he prefaces his proposed plan of accounts, the author makes the following statement, deduced from the figures of the last two annual returns, as to the probable loan requirements of the present year:- ; " With regard to the probable requirements of the Chancellor of the l:xchequer during the ensuing innancial year 1856-7, it must be borne in mind that the actual deficiency of the last year was 23,564,8001., and, as the interest on the Supply Bills and Exchequer-bonds are omitted in the quarterly retu-ns (before intimated), the total deficiency, in iound numbers, will probably exceed 24,000,0001., and which will, with the excess of expenditure over income of the previous year, make a total addition to the national debt (the last two years of the war with Russia), of 30,000,0001, and upwards. " This, therefore, with the extra taxes imposed by Sir G. C. Lewis last yearto the amount of 5,000,0001., and by Mr. Gladstone the previous year of 3,000,0001., or thereabouts, ill, to the 31st of March last, make the total cost of the 'war about 40,000,0001. This, however, is exclusive of the further expenditure during the present financial year, and which must necessarily be very considerable-at present probably going on in the ratio of the deficiency last yearviz., 24,000,0001. " No reduction of expenditure can possibly be made than under the head ' Supply Services,' which includes the army, navy, and ordnance, and for the last two years amounted, as underneath:- " Supply Services.-Financial year ended MIarch 31, lS55, 35,989,1391.; ditto, 1856, 59,947,8611.,-showing an increase the latter year of'nbout 24,000.0001. An important question, therefore, arises, how much of this can be retrenched? " There is now a very prevailing opinion that our military and naval establishments should not be reduced too low, and that previous faults (only discovered in the very thick of hostilities) should not again be repeated. Assumine, therefore, that no war taxes are repealed during the present session, and that the revenue yields about the same as last year, a saving of half the increased expenditure of 1855-6-viz., 12,000,0001., would still leave a deficiency of about 12,000,0001. ; and this could only be met either by additional taxalion, an increase in the funded or unfunded debt, or by a still further praning of the army and navy. "Ass it is probable that the Chancellor will not resort to additional taxation, a very considerable loan during the present year is inevitable, and the amount must depend on the saving we can prudently effect in the army and navy. If the expenditure can be reduced 12,000,0001., then a loan of 12,00u,0001. will he required, and a greater or less surn as a greater or less reduction can be made in the ex^penses of our naval and military establishments, where alone ant saving in the annual expenditure can be effected, leavin the public balances as before." Cotterill, 27, Great Winchester-street.
EVGLISH AND FOREIGN FUXDS. STO*=-NXOHANGY, S.MVrDAY, ZArM26. (E'rom the official list, containing the business actually transacted.) -TvnflO nTnnQ [Advertiseinent.]--Part L, price 7d., of the re-sUme of tbe great eclucational work, " Camseil's PoPrlar Educator," wMl be ready with the Way maga2dnma Thia adminible publication is edited by 1rofeesor Wallnae aud ia profusely illustrated. It is indeed too ,well known to need furtlier description here, mnOre especial sii being very extensively announced in detail elsewhere. It is being Iseedals i weldnumer atlj. ech ofwhchabove 3O,O5Oar 3 doble ole, So 6d eac, cntaiinga coplee edcatonalscoe in Itslf.Eveyfasil an evry chol soulposses this inestimable work~ The iL-at 3 vl& are published on ineirae.ats .ec,
- - .RAILWAAY AD AtNLw GSHARES. Sat yEveng. The railway-market opened with a depre appearance, and large Wales took place at a further fall of from 10s. to 11. per share. All descriptions were unfavourably affected, but in some cases there was greater firmness towards the close of business.' French, Indian, and Belgian were weaker, and less activity was apparent among the operators. Australian Iand and Bank Shares exhibited heaviness, as did also other miiscellaneous securities. OLtoman Bank left off, A to pm.; Bank of Egypt, ito pm.; Western San4, 5 to 3 dis.; London to laris, 5 to 3 dis.; Alliance Bank, 1A to A dis. -National Discount Company, to pm.; Riga ailway, ito i pm.; and Lombardo-Tenetian. 5 to 6 nm.
THE CELTENHAM AND GLOCESTESHIPE BANIxmG CoitrPYt.-In Tlhe Times of the Sth inst. were noticed the sudden suspension of this bank and the equaUy sudden death of; the manager, Mir. Ridler, late a candidate for thoe representation of Cheltenham. A special general meeting of the shareholders in the bank has just been held, Mr. N. Skillicorne in the chair, at which a report was presented by the directors. This report represented the cauise of the declension of the bankteo be the depreciation of securitiesgiven to the bank some years ago. From a minute examination made by the directors, it appeared that the whole of the surp ls fund (which at one time amounted to between 9,0001. and 10.000.) and a considerable portion of the paidup capital had been lost. Under these circumstances, the directors felt it their duty to lay the state of afitirs before the shareholders. But, considering that to do this without being prepared with some alternative -would be to cause the stoppage of the bank, the loss of the goodlwill, and, in all probability, the driving of the company to avail themselves of the Winding. up Act, they entered into an arrangement which in the DNrst place was intended to be merely provisional, but which, in consequence of the circumstances becoming known, had to be made absolute. By this arrangement the "Coiutyof Glocester" Bank took upon itself all the liabilities of the concern; the directors, on the other hand, agreeing to hand over all their money, current bils, and certain accounts, and give security for the balance, amounting to about2,OOD. The property of the bank, consistin- of land and houses, of a colliery in the Forest of Dean, and of divers other zecuities, is estimated to yield, if judiciously realized, a sum equal to the total of the liabilities of the company, leaving a. surplus of about 1,2001. after payment of the expenses ineident to the winding up of the concern. The report was received and confirmed, and, after a discussion, a formal resolution dissolving the company was passed. Sumtnt iN-E TELEGnAPH ACROSS THE HVTVBER.-A submarine telegraph cable, two miles in length and weighing nearlyfourtons, as just been laid across the bed of the Humber, near 2Aew Holand, by the Electric Telegraph Company, withaviewto proaidiagadireetlineoftel "raphic communieation between Hn and London, vi4 Grimslv and Peterborough, the necessity for which has long been cet s.t the former port. The operation of sinking the cable was successfully performed under the superintendence of Mr. F C. Webb, the Electric Telegraph Company's enrineer for submarine works. Direct communicationwitl the metropolis will, in all probability, be completed by the middle of next month. A second cable for the purpose of a direct communication with Grimsby iscontemplated, as sell PS similar direct wires to Manchester and other towns TOPRTorsEsSTT BOOsBIN-arxNG.-We have been favoured with an inspection of very beautiful specimens of bookbinding in tortoiseshell, inlaid 'with pearls, the production of Er. William Hartfield, a tortoiseshell vorker, of Bermondsey, who has recently procured for it a patent. This novelty in binding-which, we understand, is intended chiefly to apply to tho Church Service or Common Prayer, but is equally adapted for other books in general ms% and is wel suited for Christmas, birthday, and other presents-is hWghly creditable to the patentee. The designs of inlaying upon the covers and backs are various, some of the books having, leather backs, others relvet to match; and others having tortoiseshell, with the name of the book thereon, obtameu by dies of variousPatterns. Some of the book covers are attached to the books by means of very ingeniouslVr made joints, which enable the books to be opened as widely as desred wnthout incrrming the slightest injury or straining to them, which the present mode of binding does not permit of; and therefore, in this respect, a great mprovement has been accomplished byllr. Ehrtfield. The patent is also apEcable to inlaying pianofortes. HOZT WRDED--IJat 'week, a poor man, passinl through a field at Montpelier, Bristol, picked up a pocketbook containing 951. in gold, notes, and bankes dratghts. He discovered on some of the memoranda the name of the owner, and immediately hastened to restore the lost property to him. This person, who had the same norning lost the pocketbook, received it and its contents with great joy and reWardod the fnder's honessy withthreepence!
BrAIWAY INfTEZMGENCE. TRAYFFr RF.nrrui'z .: The traffic returns of railways in the united kingdom published for the *week ending April 19 amounted to 391,9451., and for the corresponding -eek of 1855 to 3S7,2201., showing an increase of 4,7191. The gross receipts ofthe eight railways having their teruini in the metropolis amounted for the week ending as above to 167,1211., and for the corresponding wveek of last year to 175,0421., showing a decrease of 7,9211. The decrease on the Eastern Counties Railway amounted to 5091. - on the Great Western, to 2,5951.; on the London and North-Western, to 2,2581. - -on the London and Blackwall to 361.; on the ILondon Brighton, and South Coast to -2,2821. ; on the London and South-Western to 7411.; and on the South-Eastern -to 1,7861. ; total, 10,2221. But from this must be de.ducted 2,2S61., the increase on the Great Northern Railvway; leaving the decrease, as above, 7,9211. The receipts on the other lines in the united kin"-dos amounted to 224,S241., and for the corresponding period of 1855 to 212,1841., showing an increase .of 12,6401. in the receiptsofthoselines. Deducting the decrease on the metropolitan lines,it leaves the total increase 4,7191., as compared with the corresponding week of 1855. ROYAL SWEDISH. A general meeting of the shareholders of this company -was held on Friday, at the London Tavern, to receive the 3eport of the committee of investi-ation on the affairs of -the company; Mr. ahodes in the chair. Mir. ToTTvE read the report, which stated that the gross amount of money raised has been 2S4,624!., and-284,6611 expended. The caution money, amounting to 12,5001., is normnally forfeited, but behieved to be recoverable, Amongo -the assets there are 900 shares in theNetherL.-mds Land Company, and one bond for 3,0001. in the same company; also a balance of 3011. The ihabilities consist of 55,0241. ia ac-. ceptances, loans, and balances due by the company, 35,5911. created by Mr. Sadleir and not in the books, and i),5247. on cash account. Against these liabilities there are thefollowing assets-:-The line of railwayitself;thecaution money in deposit; the Netherlands Lands securities; and -a promiry note for an unpaid call. Scrip certificates for the full number of shares were printed; 77,467 were issued, and of these 71,500 were paid upon, but 40,691 were subsequently forfeited. A number of the forfeited scrip were re-issued, and oltimately on the exchange of the scrip 39,239 share certificates were regularly issued in exchange for scrip on which the company received calls. In addition to these 19,700 share certificates were printed and issued, in the same mode as the legitimate issue. But they bore distinguishing numbers within, 83,334 being the full number printed. The number of obligations authorized was 25,000. Mr. Sadleir effected an over-issue of- obligations to the extent of 12,26C3. But of these a large proportion is held in -deposit merely. The total number of obligations deposited -to secure creditors is 12,400. In addition to these 8,499have been paid upon by various parties at the rate of 2L. 15s. -perobli tion; but the obligations have not yet been deUivered, out of the oMlice lr. Sadleir's liabilities to the -company amount to 346,4131.; consisting of 1,9201. re-ceived on calls, 273,4251. nominal value of shares misap. propriated, 43,4771. nominal value of obligations misappropriated, and 27,5911. acceptances of the company, but for -which the company did not receive consideration. Against -this M-. Sadleir would be entitled to credit for the difference betlween the nominal value of the shares he has pledged and the sums for which they may hereafter be redeemed. Of the shares pledged about 30,040 can be redeemed upon payment of 9,uOO. or 10,000l. Of the obligations so pledged {on thick and thin paper), 12,400 could be redeemed on payment of S,COOI. I1hese operations would, of course, considerably reduce the number of shares and obligations in circulation, and at the same time lessen Mr. Sadleir's debt to the company. In the above statements the 20,000 forged shares are not taken into account, as no claim in respect to them can be made against the company. With regard to the works, the first section -of the liie (45 miles in length out of 90 miles, the entire length of the line) is very nearly complete, with the exception of the stations, 29 miles of this portion being ballasted, and the rails laid; part of this is now in work. The 45 miles, stations and all, would, as the Swedish directors confidently believe, be completed for about 50,000l. The expense of executing the wvorks has thus far much exceeded the estimates. Mr. Harrison estimates that, even under - i.stg circumstances, the first section of the line will not have cost more than from 7,5001. to 8,00. per mile when -complete, including the cost of roiling stock. The great value of the line will only arise when the whole of both sections is coniplete, so as to aflbrd a through communication. A line constructed in so cheap a country, and without any difficult or ex ensive works, ought not to cost more than .4,500!., or at te ont-de 5,0001. a mile; and should be remnunerative if paying lOL a-week per mnile. A comparison -with the Zealaind hlwy the Royal Danish Railway, -and the Norwegian Trunk would render it probable that the -present line wvill not produce less than 151. or 181. a-maile e week. The committee recommended a reduction in the number of directors, and that the newr directors be nominated by the g,eneral meeting. By the statute the concession lasts for 40 years from the time of the completion of the entire line. 'The comuliittee do not consider the loss of the guarantee of 4 per cent., or of the excltsive right to the traffic, of any grave importance, as the line would not be worth making unless in the hope of producing more than the sum guaranteed; and, as competition is not to be apprehended, the commiittee recommnend an immediate and respectful application to the Swedish. Crown for new pwers and an amended concession. They entertain strong Topes of success if a suitable application were made. The committee are advised that the validity of the shares issued up to the number of 83,334, and of the obligations up to the 25.000 authorized, cainot be disputed; that the pre-nence or absence of a seal is unuimportant; that the fact thae - share bears a duplicate number, or that an obligation is on thick or thin paper, dues niot affect its vitality; but as respects the over-issue of shan a or obligatiouns, of vhatever dind, ssued vhen the autborized numlber of shares were in circulation, grave diffliculties exist. The connmittee consider that the position of the coinpany may be retrieved in the following manner :-The niumiber of the shares in circulation or deposited to be 103,544; reteemable in the hands of parties having no claim oll themll, 30,040; leaving 78,504 ultimately in circulation. There are 45,762 obligations in circulation, of wvhich 12,'00 are redeemzble, leaving 33,362 ultimately in circutlation, thus exceeding the authorized issuo by 8,302. The comnmittee state that although no eNidence -whatever has been foutnd of the directors' participation in 3Mr. Sadleir's wrongdoings, it is clear that the excessive trust reposed in him by the London board, together with the mn&nopoly of power he l was perniitred to possess, has chiefly led to the present disastrous pOsitioll of the undertaking. They also state that tlhe directors ought to have been aware that Mr. Sadleir was mixing up his own moneys and accounts with those of the company in a reprxlenisible manner, and ought to have ben conversant, mnore or l-ss, wvitlh the fact of the shares of the company being irregularly dealt with for the purpose ofraising money. They consider that the future interests of the comnpany wfil be best pr.-moted by discouraging hostility and contention of every kiand and by urging all parties conterned henceforward to utnitel and energetic action, with the sole view of carrying the enterprise to a successful issue.)j .A long discussion ensued, ii, the course of which it was stated that, in ordet to resus.iitateo the ctonpany, it would be necessary to elect five new directors, with power to add to their number, anid to auth '-rize the directors to raise W00.on preference shiares, t-o be entitled to a dividend of 7 per cent, for five years, and 6 per cent, per annum aLfterwards. They wouldIrequiire 6Q,001. tepay offexisting liabilities, 50,000. to complete the first section of the rail-way-, 45 miles in length, and about 225 000?. to construtxo the remaining section, also 45 miles in length, making -the total length 90 miles. It was explained that other lines were ia course of constraction by the Government, which woula form junctionb with the loyal Swedish line, and increase the traffic. Mfr. AusfF. proposed that the report be received, and the meeting adjourned'fora fewr days, to enable the share. holders to consider the report, which was of considerable ,length. . 7 After some discussion the report was adopted. A resolntion was passed to the effect that the number of dijectors in Sweden be five, that at least one of them should be an Englishman, and that the numberof directors in.England should be seven, and atleast one of them a Swede. Mfr. Chaplin, X-P., Mr. Tottie, Mr. Close, Mr. G. Miller, and Mr. G.. Seymour were elected directors in England, with power to add'to, their number. Mlr. GUSTENDERCG opposed the election of Mr. Miller, on the ground that he had at a formermeeting of the company taken part with Mr. Sadleir in resisting the appointment of a committee of inquiry into some transactions of their late chairman. le contended that, if the shareholders had snpported his motion on the occasion referred to for the appointment of an investigation committee, a stop would then have been put to Mr. Sadleir's proceedings, which might have resulted in preventing the disastrous proceedings that had since taken place. Mr. GOETrZ supported the statement of Mr. Gustenberg. Mr. MXLLEIc ex;plained that he had nothing whateverto do with Mfr. Sadleir, e.xcept voting in his favour on that occasion. On a show of hands there appeared 45 in favour of the election of fr. Miller and 31 against it; he was therefore declared elected. The CirAiRmtx then proposed a resolution authorizing the creation of 83 334 preference shares of 41. each to be entitled to interest a7 Tper cent, for five years, and 6 per cent. thereafter. Mr. AusrTE moved asan amendment that the meetin-be adjourned to Tuesday next, in order to give them time to consider the measures proposed by the committee. On a show of hands the amendment was carried, and the meeting adjourned accordingly. PEEBBLES. The report of- the directors of this company states that dunrn the past half-year 8,118!. had been expended on capita: account, and an effort was made by them to get the stock on hand taken up, so as to lessen the sums due to the banks. In this they were so far successful, and had received on account of shares allocated 7,3321. There was stil abalance of stock on hand amounting to 2,188!., including arrears. The sum of 1,7641. had been expended on plant. This includes the price of a second-hand locomotive engine, purchased from the London and North-Western Railway Company. A new powerful goods engine has been ordered to be delivered in June next. The passenrc traffic has been steady, and the goods trafiic has shown a progressive increase. Owing to various circumstances, the proportion of the working expenses to the traffic cannot be correctly determined until the end of the year's working. A profit of 1,313!. has accrued in the eight months the line has been in operation. Out of this the directors have paid 5361. interest o/n debentures, leaving a disposable balance o f 776!., which the directors propose to carry forward to the next account. The capital account showved that the receipts and exPenscs to the 29th of February last amounted to 99,6U95!., inc uding 8,609!. due to the banks. The revenue account for the halfyear ending 29th of February showed that 3,2451. had been received, and 2,9231. expended, leaving a profit on the worling of 322. The nssets of the company amount to 14,6411, and the liabilities to 18,559!., show%ing a balance againstthe company of 3,918!. INVERNESS AND NAIRN. The report of the directors of this company states that the receipts on revenue account to the 31st of March last amounted to 2,3421., and the expenditure to 1,5691., leaving a balance of 7731. Out of this sum is deducted 292!. interest on loans and 4441. for the proposed dividend at the rate of 2 per cent. per annum, leaving a balance for the next account of 371. The directors congratulate the shareholders on the position and prospects of the undertaking. The line was opened for public traffic on the 5th of November last, and the traffic since that period has been in the highest degree satisfactory, there being a steady and gradual increase in all the sources of revenue, more especially in the goods traffic, -which is being rapidly deyoloped. The revenue has not only been sufficient to meet the necessary working expenses, the interest on the debenture stock, and the amount of fues, but a dividend on the ordinary stock issued, at the rate of 2 per cent. per annum, from the opening of the line, on the 5th of Noyember, to the 31st of March. The directorspropose that the dividend he paid on the 135th of May next, less income-tax. The InvernessHarbour branch is now completed, and the director anticipate that it will be of great importance in developing the goods traffic. The sum of 92,3551. has been ex en ed on. capital account, and the directors anticipate that a further expenditure of 17,700!. wrill be necessary to complete the works and meet the whole liabilities of the company. This amount will exceed to some extent the amount authorized to be raised, but the excess does not arise from any error in the original estimate, but from the erection of several very expensive bridges not contemplated in the Parliamentary estimate having been forced upon thecompany by landownersand the Board of Trade; and also from the cost of land having very considerably exceeded expectation. The directors trust that. this explanation,' united to the fact that the whole works have been constructed in a most substantial and satisfactory manner, will be held a sufficient reason for this increased expenditure. Land has been secured, and all the bridges have been constructed of sufficient width to accommodate a double line of rails. The directors fully expect that by the next half-yearly meeting the whole works connected with the undertaking will be finished and the capital account closed. The amount of share capital authorized to be raised is 80,000!., and loan capital, 26,6661., together 106,6661. The capital- account to the 31st of Mlarch shows that 62,089!. had been received on shares, and 25,1001. on loan, together 77,189., and 92,3355. expended, leaving a balance of 15,166!. against the company. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ONT RAILWAY BILLS. ABE2.DI AND SCOTT1S BUDLAIDs JU-NON AXALGAMATION. Lord STmyNrmy reported from the committee that the object of the bill was to unite the undertaking of the Scottish Midland Junction Railway with the undertaking of the Aberdeen Railway Company, to be thenceforth called " the Scottish North-Eastern Railway Company," and to alter the constitution of that company by the union with it of the shareholders of the Scottish midland Railrway. The committee have decided to recommend the amalgamation of the undertakings of the Aberdeen and Scottish IlidlandRailway companies, in consequence of the special circumstance of the case, it having been proved to the satisfaction of the committee that the main lines of the two companies formed part of the original scheme for the railways in the district and were promoted as essential to it. It was also shown that considerable advantages had resulted to the public from a united working of the lInes,which had been tredfor upwvards of six years, under arrangementsbetvween the twvocompanies; and the committee was of opinion that the result of the amalgamation 'will be to promote economy of management, and afford still greater facilities of communication to the public. Lord Thutst Ya.xx reported from the committee that the parties promoting the bil had stated to the committee that it was not their intention to proceed-with the same.
[Advertisemnent.]-Pictures in the Royal Collections.- The " Art Journal I for Mfay, price 2s. 6d., contains engravings from the pictures of " Axnai," by G. E Hering; and "- Tne Obildren in the Wood," by J. T. Peele. both at Osborne; and one from Spence's Statue of "Spring." The literary contributions include:-" Minstrels of the hiiddle Ages," by the Rev. E. L. Cutts, ilustrated: " Porcelain Works of Messrs. Kerr and Binns," iUustrated; "Exhibition of the Society of British Artists;" "Novelty in Fany Wort- iUustrated; British Artifst, No. 14T. Creswick, B.A., illustrated- .The nIarine Aquarium," by Mirs. S. C. Hall . "'Whitby Jet and Am'mopite Omamentz," by R. Hunt, F.R.S. " The National GaUery and its Dcfamers,"&c. VirtucandCo., 25,Paternoster-row. [Advertisement.]-" Englishwoman's Domestic Ma"azine," 2d. monthlv. Written by accomplUhed authorm IUustratedzhy famous artists. The May numberof this magaine commences a new volume; and its past success hasenabled the proprietors to make such arrangements with authors, artists, and printers, as will leave it unrivaUed. It wiU be printed on superior paper andwith increased care. The illustrations (always many and gooa) nll reallt be the beat obtainable. Thus the proprietors have already obtained the services of Birket Fcster, John lcech, and Noel HumphreyM These gentlemen have undertaken to ilustrate a tale by the editor, the "`ath of toses," commencing in the SPay riumbec. Other eminent arti8ts will inlstrate shorter stories. poems, &c.. amonz which wil be found an interesting series of "&Tales of the Operas." Articles on subjects peculiarly intt resting to women wiiU frequently appear-as hitherto. The magazine w.il also preserve it; reputation for usefulnesa as well as interest. A member of the Ro3al CoUege of Surgeons-a man of large experience in public hospitals-will contribute a series of articles for guidance in medical and surgical emergences. These papers wil be foumd under the head " The Doctor." Valuablerecipesfor the toilet and the household will alsobeliheraiy supplied. The work-table department is now laced in tho experienced hands of hlrs. Pullan. And the proprietors Leei confident that the resultof these arrangements cilibc a magazine unapproachedin its class. A specimen number wiU be sent by the publisher, S. O. Beeton, 18, Bouverie-street, London, on receipt o£ three stamps; or order of any bookseller. (Advertisement.]-larryat'sNovels.mThe cheap re-issue. Tlisday1ispublished,pricIs.6i .fancyboards,orfree by post for22 stamps, " The Ksing's Own," by Captain Marryat. " Every true loTer of his couttry has a good word for bold and honest Captain Mlaryat; he has done for sea-stories what Dibdin did for the sailor's songs.-he has given them a permanent position in the literature of our country. No other writer has been equlaUy successful in portraying the different phases of life on the ocean. He gives us the da3h, the daring, the richness of the picture, without the vulgarity by which too many writers of the cda3ms have marred their creations." It ra confidently anticipated that the sale of "The Itings Own" vwil rival that of its predeceasor, " Peter Sinmple," of which 30,000 copies have been sold. London: George Routledge and Co., Fardnigdon-street. [Advertisement.]-The New Novel, " John Halifax, Gentleman," by the author of " The Head of the Family," &C., in 3 vols.,.is now ready at tal the libraries. "lUl the powerput forth in the previous novels of the authdr of these: volumes, and much more, appeans to have been conceutrated upon as genuine a subject as was ever made the topic of romantic consideration. Pathos is one of the most striking cbaracteristicr of this author's btyles, and again and again is it conceiitrated wivth su2.h force as to abeorb the attentiun and move the heart. It i3iimpossible to rend most of the scenes, so delicately, yet so tirmly drawn, without feeling emotions which excite tho better nature of his iunoanity, and draw tears into the eye, sympathetic evidence of the fidelity of the portraiture ofv what is and wiUibe ever goinag on in the world. -Messenger. HEIst and Biackett, publishers, 13,Great 3farlborough-street. (Advertisement.]-Commons Inclosure.-Messr. Stevens and Norton beg to announce that the second edition of Mr. Wingrove Cooke's "Treatiso on Eights of Common and Incloures" being now out of print, a third edition has been prepared, is now passing through the press, and wall be ready in a few days. The "Treatise on the Law a:nd Practise of Cpyold Enfranchisement," by the same author, is still on sale; as is also 31r. Wisgeove Cooke's " Treatise upon the aow andPractise of Agricultural Tenancies." wiherein allthe customs and t enant-rights are set forth, and forms are given suited to every variety of soil, climate, and culture. These isorlks may be had through all booksellers, or direct from Stevens and *Norton, Bell-yard, L,incoin'sran. [Advertisement.J-disAdreiistrative Reform.-The Educa. tional Test for Gove7mmncut Appointments.-Out of 1,078 persons can. didates for public service. one-third were rejected on account oi deficient education. John Cassell proposes to afford means for acqiring a comprehensive nrusunintonco witll every branch of knowledge whicja can be ilieluded m a gocd education. On 8aturdar, May 10, will be ublished No. I, price lNA, of " John Cassell's Educational Corsse - The courso will 3owumelure with " Sicienoe Popularly Explaind'-' or 4,00o questions vusoi useif.l branches of science. with inttllikVb. answers,Z and illustratve diagrams. London: W. Kent brld Vo., ,Pat^rnoster-ro w; arid a!lt bool;sellers. Advertisemesst.1-Pesce lUllsuainationa.-50,{(OO lamps ready fcr use, on sale or hire, from one dozen to any filiantity, writh suitable devices, transparsurlos &c, nsmallor Iqrg Apply to bTrStevens, lloyd G.acrens, 'inuirtall.
STAtE OF TRADE.n a ' ' T NCHESTEP, APtmI 26. The cloth-marketcontinues firm and.healthy at prices v.little in advance of those obtained last week.. - The, rnse has taken place to cover a corresponding one in the' price of the raw -niaterial, which has now been getting deSret week by week for some time'past, although the. arrivals at the ports of the United States have reached'2,90D,000 baes this year against 1,900.000 to tho same period of last Year. %hile the total crop of the States is stimated at 3,5o,000 bales, or the largest ever grown. The advance here is attributable therefore partly to increased consrumption aind partly to the action of spoculators upon la imarket on this side the .Atlantic not so well supplied with stocks as compared with last year. Spinners and manufacturers, however, do not appear to regard the high-prices of cotton ,with great distrust, and supply themselves freely, having mostlylarge orders to execute. Business has been more restricted during the past week, perhaps; than-for some weeks past, buyers for export feeling, the difficulties to be encountered in foreign markets, in most of which rices have recently ruled nuch lower than they -can no1w bought for here. A steady business-continuesto be done .by the home trade, and mnanufacturers of printing cloths, domestics, and shirtings are mostly -under contract. Yarns are not in much demand for India or Germany at the present high rates, but the home trade are purchasers for medium counts of warps and cops at -d. per lb. above the rates of last week. Messrs. George Frazer, Son, and Co., estimate the rise of prices during the month at lAd. to 3d. on 74ths printers and madapollams; 2a. to 4d. on 9-8ths printers; 3d. to Gd. on India and China shirtings; 6d. to 9d. on 9-Sths figured and brocade shirtings; lid. per-piece o low, and lid. to 3d. on the better classes of India jacconets; 3d. to 4ld. on mulls; lAd. to 4Vd. on T-cloths and 1 g- cloths; and 1-16d. per jard on d6nestics. The advance on *yarns has been id. to Ad. per lb. on shipping qualities, but considerably more on cop yarus for manufacturers, and on, fine yarus which have'been in demanid for the Yorkshire markets at greatly enhanced rates. They regard this adva3nce of.price as neces- sary and sound,. though in some cases it may have gone a little beyond the bound's of 'permanence. BIRMlINGHAM, APRIL 26. The state of the iron trade continues to be satisfactory, and there are appearances of further improvement. Some of the houses of the district are extremely busy, and the orders now continuously received for rails promise increased activity. For boiler plates and sheets thero is now a considerable demand, and the prices of all descriptions of manufactured iron have a decided tendency upwards. The orders for North America, which have been received during the week, have not been so extensive as might have been expected; but all advices agree as to the prospects of a good summer trade with that country. The inteUigence received on Thursday that the American Government had determined to abolish the duty of 30 per cent., hitherto paid upon the freightage of iron from the works where it is manufactured in England, to the place of its exportation in North America, and charge that duty only for the future upon the freightage from the English to the American port whe~reit is imported, is. looked upon as a great boon conferred upon the iron trade of this country. The benefit to the South Staffordshire trade will, it is stated, amount to not less than nearly 4s. perton, the freightage froni Wolverhauipton to Liverpool, with no shipping dues, being 12s. Cd: per ton. During thoweek continental buyers of iron have, it is said, been in the Staffordshire market and purchased to a considerable extent. The makers of best pig iron in the district are maintaining their price with great firmness, and in all probability another advance will be shortly attempted, The stocks are extremely low, and owing to an unwilinguess to increase them difficulty in many cases is experienced in obtaining best brands. The coal trade of the district, although moderately active, is not so brisk as during the winter months. Some of the large colleries where the best coals are produced have advertised a considerable reduction of prices; but these coals are generally used for domestic purposes, and are unsuited to the manufacture of iron. The large quantities of infernor qualities introduced to the district from Derbyshire and Leicestershire also tend materially to depress the price of local produce, and were it not for the renewed briskness of the iron manufacture there is little doubt that another general fall of prices would immediately ensue. Native ironstone maintains with great firmness last declared prices. The copper-market continues remarkably firm, and the demand for sheathing and tubing, but more particularly the former, very active. In the requirements for gas-fittngs a slight faling off has been experienced; but several other departments of brass foundry are well employed if not absolutely busy. The season of the year for this description of manufacture as regardsthe home trade is unfavourable; but, for exportation, there are good orders on hand, and prospects are represented to be encouraging. It is stated in one of the London papers Dhat copper material has recently been shipped at a tring reduction of price, but our merchants here state that stocks are unusually small, and that the demand fully justifies the maintenance of present rates. It is quite clear that even the great consumers of copper in this neighbourhood, to say nothing of the humbler class of foudes, make no speculative purchases, and that for tho most part they only buy from hand to mouth. If, therefore, our brass and copper manufactures should exPerience a sadden prosperity, which many anticipate, it is difficult to predict to what extent present high prices may further advance. There has been little change during the week in the general manufactures of the town, but, if in any way noticeable, it is in favour of renewed activity. It cannot be expected that the restoration of peace should so speedily affect, in any important degree, the condition of our various trades; but, notwithstanding, there are apparent symptoms of approaching, if not of present, improvement. It might have be en expected that 'the close of 'the war would injuriously affect the saddlers' ironmongery business; but we lean from one of the first houses engaged more especially in that branch, that orders are good, 'while as to the future the most sanguine expectations are entertained. The cessation of Government orders has not yet been materially felt. Even at Walsall, whiere saddlers' ironmongery is almost the staple manufacture of the town, few complaints are made, while the demands for the home market, in which better prices are obtained, are increasing. But, after all, the requirements for the Indian army, as well as for South America, promise to keep the beat saddlers' ironmongers in average work; and, at the present time, the spur, bit, and stirrap manufacturcrs have fair orders in hand for the latter country. There islittle improvement, it is stated, in the electro-plate and old plate businesses. The little spirt which took place a few weeks ago in the last mentioned business has not been well sustained; and, in the former, none but the great and wellknown establishments are well employed. The inferior makers, by the character of the work which they send out, materially damage the reputation of the best manufacturers. The same may be said of the japannery and papiermach6-trades; but it is satisfactory to kow that, notwith. standing these drawbacks, commissions to some extent have been received for the execution and supply of first-class articles, both in electro-plate and papier-mach6. These are chiefly in the bands of Messrs. 1l3kington and Mason and Messrs. Jennens and Bettridge. The tin-ware manufacture of Birmingham and the districts, but more especially of Wolverhampton, which has suffered less (if we except the manufacture of firearms) than any other branch of local trade during the war, is doing well; and prices, in consequence of the high' rates charged for plates and blocks, are looking up. The workig jewellers of the town, although not so full of orders as they have recently been, have an average trade, and the business may be described as an a more heathy condition than during the Last year. The late failures, by which many of our manufacturers suffered to a considerable extent, have taulght them dearly purchased experience, and now little is done in the way of speculation to the Australian or any other colonies, to which they were formerlylargely exported. The table-glass manufacture of the town and district was never in a more unsatisfactory state than at the present moment. One of our largest establishments has been closed for some time, and others represent that for months, if not for years past, they have been carrying on business at a positive loss. The prices of materials are extrava.gantly high, while the country is glutted with aTticles of inferior make at ruinously low prices. In plate and -window glass there is also comparatively little doing, owing to the continued suspension of building operations; but these branches are better off than those confined to the manufacture of glass for table use. The large makers of the neighbourhood-at Spar-lane and in East Worcestershire-notwithstanding the slackness of the trade, keep their men in pretty good of not in full wvork. The chief event of the week in the Birmham District ,Court of Bankruptcy has been the adjourned final examination of Mr. Greene, the last surviving partner in the late Lichfield Bank; and, as was anticipated, and consistently with results in previous cases of a like kind, the prospects of 'creditors upon the " winding up" of the estate are far from being so flattering as first represented. From the balance sheet, made up by Mhr. Perceval, accountant, of this town, it appears that the liabilities of the bank amounted on the 31st of December last year to 188,18'5 14s. lOd_ ; and that, giving credit for the amount of assets stated, and supposing they realize the sum at which they are estimated, there will be a deficiency of 69,561f. 13s. 2d. A ccording to the statement of Mr. Greene, when he joined the bank, npon the retirement of the MIessrs. Scott, in 1825, the firm had no capital (it having been withdrawn by those gentlemen), and that soon after the death .of his late partuer Mr. Paimer, in 1850, he discovered that the concern, was insolvent. Notwithstanding a knowledge of these facts his personal expenditurehad been at the rate of 2,6001. per annum, and it was not until the refusal of Messrs. Smith, Payne and Smith, in the latter end of December, 1855, that he resoIved to close the bank. He had experienced no pressure; and he justified the continuance of his expenditure on the ground that, had he reduced his establishment, a knowledge of it would have given rise to remarks that would havo been injurious to the credit of the bank. The inquiry was further adiourned until Monday in order that vanous points might be mvestigated which require additional explanation. It is hoped that a dividend of 2s. 6d. in the pound may be declared in the course of two or three weeks. The reports from Coventry, Bromsgrove, Redditch, and Kiddermister vary very little from those of last week. In some respects the trade of Kidderminster is repre-. sented to he hardly so brisk as a few -weeks ago, and a portion of the weavers only partially employed. The riband manufacture of toventry has been slig,htly advantaged by the spring ad summer demand; but the watch business, which depends greatly for its sperity upon the briskness of the America and Austra - as trades, is still compratively dull. The requirements of the Birmingham and Liverpool merchants continue to be indtea; hut these are to a slight extent improving. Tho cecdle mnanufacture of IledditcE beingwitEout acompetitor is actve; the smaller establishmints which have arisen i: ether parts of the country failing in any important degreeto lessen the call for the Redditch make. At Bronisgrove and the immediate neighbourhood the wrought nailers complain not only of slackness, but of the wrtched remuneration which they and their ohildren receive for their work. The chinmakers at Stourbridge and the vicinity are busy. NOTTING}HI, APRIL 26. Plain neos atil continue in aotive dlmand, antl the ad- 'Tanced ra'e3a ked are n6wwMilyobtimed. Other biu6chea ofthe lae business are, in .a satisfactory condition. The encan buyers are beginninig to arnive, and some of them haveTa made, a few purchases; TAeir operations, it is believed, wmi be very extensive. The home sprng trade 6vhich is now diawing to a close, has been fnUy as aZtive as in any .season-heretofore. Itis certaiiiethat ipicesirwill-idvance rather than recede, rates of yrn and silk ranging, so hIfgh that no manufactured article can be replaced for anything like the cost of present stocks.' 3Dring the 1Lst four months eil has advnced in price fromJ 20 to 25-' per -ceat. and la6bour also is higher.- The demand for hosiei also is 'stisfactory, qd 'better prLces are being obtaineb = ut not at preseibt sbfficientl bgl to cover the increased- rates of'material and waees Buyers f$nd that by holding off they do not imprve. their prospect of obtaining goods cheaper, and Though 'they do nbt operate so largely as heretofore order3 are more nume. rous,and,the season will be somewhat protracted. IEICETERSt, APRL 26. There has been this week a tolerable amount of business dona in cotton goods, and from -the Uited States some orders have been received for gloves. Ini orsted articles the trade is very flat, hosiers bemg verv unwilling to sell txocet at at, advance, which it is very difficult to obtain. In woollen goods there is the same dullness, with not much probabilhty of an improveraent. Indeed, mabnufactwurs do not anticipate a more satisfactory state of things until the demand for the autumn takes place.; The ;niddle-straight' down hands are seeking an advance of 2d. per dozen up to 60 leads, and 3L for all above. Some of 'the- ahnufacturers have signified their intention of complyingwith the reguest on and after the 17th of May, and the operatives in this department are soliciting the manufacturers genelly to give the advance-at that-time. There is not much doing in worsted; the market, however, is. firm -at the, late advanc hut' the~ mills are workingshort time: Woolsare stil avacin, ad he rea piceof40s. -to '42k per tdis asked for farmers.' lots-of suprio qerality.. - ~ ~~~LES, A?nxn '26; The woollen cloth trade continues in much the same state of activity as it has experienced durn the last two .Mouth.' The dlemana is steady and guite equal to the current rate of production-at least the emand and the suppl are so adjusted as not one to he in anything approaching an excess above or below the other. The clothiers of the outlging distriets of this town are well employed,and some of the cloth-dressers and dyers here have been working overhours in order to expedite the shipping orders on hand, All the dyers are fully empioyed, and most of the finishers have full work, or nearly so. The -warehouses have been visited by metropolitan and other buyers this week; and though their purchases were not made with the greatest alacrity, the merchants demanding some advance on March prices in consequence of their having to give more in the firSt instance for their goods to the-clothier, in the aggregate they bou-ht a good bulk of cloth. To-day's markets in the clotii-hals ihave been scarcely so brisk as those of last Saturday. There was a rather linmited attendance in the coloured cloth-hall, whichmaybeattributable to two causes comnbined -namely, because of the lowness of the stocks of seasonable goods offered for sale in the hall, and because the mornming wass wet. Light mixtures and white mediums are the most saleable, and in the white cloth-hall an average business has been done to-day. - - The wool trade is stil animated, for some apprehension is felt that, from a scarcity of supply, the present high rate of pfices will soon be exceeded. The stocks both of combiug an elothing wools are low; and several lots of Australian flocks-some intended for the London and others for the Liverl market-have been sold thia week privately, so at t ey w not be offered for free competition. Some low wools have been sold at Liverpool this week by public auction at very good prices; and altogether the tond of the wool-market has become tighter since this day se'nnight. In the present state of the wool trade it behoves all parties to act with circums ection, for there is some danger that the present feeling about the want of a sufficient supply and the consequent advance of prices may lead to the most us'fortunate consequences. If the real consumers of wooIs-the manufacturers of woollen fabrics-will but act with that calm Iudgment for which the clothiers of the West Riding have, long had credit, and not rush into hot-blooded competition either with one another or with foreign buyers, there is every probability that the current prices nill not be exceeded during the rest of the year. The sulply of wools frora Odessa has been cut off by the war witn Russia ; but, that warbeing now at an end, some of the stocks which haveprobably accumulated in Odessa and some of the inland towns of Russia will be brought to this country-say,. in the course of two or three months from the present time, and supply a class of low -wools of consideraIle utity. The prospect of the supply of Australian wools is good, as is alsO that of our own. country. Hfence, barring a panic about wools and high' prices, there appears no good ground to apprehend- that the cloth manufacturers need lack a fair supply of the rasv material at a reasonable The week's report asto the worsted trade at Bradford and Halifax is satisfactory. The demand for yarns and pieres is steady, and has improved during the week. Prices, perhaps, are not all thatcan bedesired considering the cost lof wool; but, with a continued steady demand, for yarns and goods, there is no fear but that prices will soon regulate temselves, and then due remuneration will follow for the siland capital employed. DBI,A i 3 DUJBLINT, APRItL 23. We cannot say of trade; so far as our city is concerned and we believe our remarks would apply to the country generally-that it pursues the even tenour of its way; for, so far from improving with the greatly altered condition of European politics, or remaining stationary as it had been almost for many weeks past, it is daily growing moreand more languid; andhas now arrivedatthatpitch of depression that every business-man you speak to on the subject teils younthere is little or nothing,doing in trade. Thrs is gloomy enough, and the worst of it is, that the high pnces of provisions and the fiscal burdens which the pUbliG will hive to bear for some considerable time yet to come- as a consequence of the late wat forbid any hope that'this state of things will be soon altered for the better or that it admits of an easy improvement. The sprin weather continues exceedingly fhre and favourable for tillage, which is not very forward in some of the southern and western counties, though the continued absence of rain is not favourable to the growing crops, and griss. is very back-ward, owing to-the-same-cause. But stiU the state of the weather is highly favourable for agricultural purposes; and-it isto be hoped the farmers are making such nsei of it as will manifest itself in the shape of abundant crops next At the sugar sale, on Thursday, about L 10 otons were disposed of at prices which, without being in advance of recent rates, were extremely firm. In Smithfield and the provision markets there was no change this week worthy of notice, and the same may be said of the corn-markets. The Customs' receipts for the week to Thursday inclusive, were 19,6121. against, 19,9241. last week. The foiowinm is an abstract of duties received at the port of Dublin fortile week ending the 19th of April, 1856:Tea, 7,6591. 9s.; refined sugar, 9271. 5s. 2d.; Muscovado sugar, 3,2311. 15s.; coffee, 2021.; wine, 3,680?. 2s.; spirits, 8911. vs. bd; tobacco, 4,1541.16s. lld.; timber, 261. los. Sd.; miscellaneous, 3431. Is. -10d -- The- share-market has been this week without material change, and the amount of business transacted was very triling. In fact, it partakes of the general languor that preval in business of every description. BELFAST, AiL 25. Linen.-This trade, as we anticipated, gradually assumes a more promising aspect, and, stocks being- light at home and abroad, we anticipate the approach of a prosperous and active-business. The country markets held since our last were moderately supplied. At%Axmagh, onTuesday,'prices were rather dearer. In Lurgan, on, Thursday, there was a fair business passing at the extreme rates of the previous week, and in Ballymena, on Saturday, there was an increased business doing, at rather better rates than those previously obtainable. Linen Yarn.-The demand' for this article, both for home and export purposes, is increasing; as stceks are moderate grices are gradually hardening,- and for the coarser nunbers ,her rates have been obtained in some instances. lax.-Since our last report s6me of the country markets have been very largely'supplied with flax, principally handscutched. In Cootehlill, Baibay, and Monaghan 280 tons a ppeared, at 5s. to 7s. 6d. for hand-scutched, and 7s. 6d. to 14s. 6d. for mill-scutched; in Armagh, Cookstown, and Rathfriland 40 tons, which sold for 6s. to 7s. 6d. for hand scutched, and 7s. 6d. to 12s. 6d. for mill-scutched. In foreign flax there has been little doing, and prices were unchanged. We observe by the export list that there has been a great increase in the shipments of linen and linen yarnufrom this port as compared with the previous year. it appears that thetre has beenexported during the three months ending the Linen. ~~~Linen Yamn. 1855-13 626,00 yards 1,537,3601b. 1856-15,G87,ooo ", 2,248,960,, Increase, 2,061,000 Increase, 691,600 The imports and exports of flax during the same period have been- Imports. Exports. 13-55 -1,412 tons. 2,393 tons. I&5G-2,4368 ,,962 I increase, 1,256 Decrease, 1,431 It will be observed that the exports of this article have fallen offupwards of one-half, while the importshavenearly doubled as compared with the previous year Cotton.-The improved condition of the market for raw material continues to act on the trade, and for the past week importerswexe very firm for all varieties of fibre. Sea Island is a good sale, at 32d. for top qualities, and several lots of fine New Orleans were pushed off in Liverpool on Friday last at lOd. per lb. Salesfor the six days ending the, 18th inst.; stood at the high figare of 126,170 bales, ineluding an outlay of more than one million sterling. The total imports Dnly reached 65,624 bales. -These influences are all evident on the yarn-market, but do-not show as yet on the sale of finished- goods. In the local movemenjs of the trade, jaconots continue to find steady sales at full though not advanced rates, and, as was stated a shet time since, nmanufacturers do not feel at all satisfied at the relative position of the market of yarns and that for goods. In several counts the advance on warps would come out at IS,) per cent., and a few numbers still higher, as compared with the rates current three nionths ago. Fine lawnscan be moved, but not in quanti- ties. Of the coarser fabrncs the stock on hand is pretty large, and, as sales are great for such goods, the bul has been on the increase for several weeks past - . T-
(CYSrT.& PA3CE.-FxvE SB TiLNG DAiY, Saturlay, April 25-Ad3;issions on payment, 529; ditto, by seasonl tiockets, 4,593; total visitoms 5,122. [Advertisement.]-Webster's Dictionary.-ru one la*e royal8vro vObun%n~-prel(is., I'Webter's fictlonary of theE3,sl lanuguaMe" the sixth edlition. ThI5 highly importan vor,Z wb3ihIbas ben stled byte rs "a minae of inexhaustible weaihb, a, ttobl' mOnmeit o erditon,to tbe stndent auinvaLluable treasus,% at. b thema ofbuines n eer.~'i,book ofre-ferunce," may noiwb obInne OX ny bokseler or S u. lxn a marvel of cheWvarw ruch a. assof ccuateandreliable inormation throug,hW 0eto,,e aiththehighst nd o,t recet ut.it. 27,00 ord nu tohofound ini Todd's Jolnson beiug b-0 uvo canotfai t comad or this edit4on of "Websisfr aiton snogbokao iteisa."A spcnmS-I'egi 3 ,wII forwrde grtison ~e~taton.LOmIAoiiC"A cc ( Ilttiedd eaud Co, ildu'te 1
I .HE COI TRADE - . NOTTflGH1AM. Alm K2 Another week of favourable growing weather ha; -furtlier heels ra the appbarance of the erbps knd sreryllsinj, ahhi6st without=rcepti,oU pleasmadels,e quartermore money. other sorts aoldlsl6wly at last weekt's prices. For barley there was but little doegsd ; re do zioL alter our quotaions. Oats and besns-mninauined their value. 1lTheat. whtieoldl7i. toSlsper l6stone ; new. 7ta. to sDL; red, old; AWs to tie. ; new, Ots.' to 73..; barley, for mailting, L42x. to Lie, per uatr-f Jr grinding, 33g. to 39s, per 30 atone ;oata, 21g.§tc)2a2 perU2stone; beans,- old, SOt to 51s. per 38 stoner. new.Iltoto s. fld`,-urauer, 52g. to57s. perOQaode : fine, C&tie.MZ-a ILMEIFSTEE, Area W8. We bave. bad a week of fine growing weather, and the 7611nj Wheats are looking excesuingly well, having much* improved In appearaneod 'during the best fortnight, We have favourable reports from meet disi tsicts, n1ot only of the improyemuent of the wheat, but als of batrIey,' which It looking as well as could be desired at this season of theyear. Beans appear very heathy, and promise welt The Pasturages are hLgmining to look- fresh, andLindicate a better yield than has been the case liortwo jean. The ft stock tradebhas undergone verylittievatiatiod! - ince our last, At our own-market, with as good supply,beasts meot a Seedy Wae, at last weeks'priceg. Sheep sold readilrat eIihtly adsanoed ante'. Beef, 6~-d. to, 7Td; mutton, 6jd, to 6Gd. per lb. - At our cons-muart-et this morning the show of wheat was an averae one, and farmer& andmnerchants were limited inx their attendance. At the coMMienCCemet Of the market growers askedhigh prices, bat te' wards the close were willingic sell at an advance of Is. per quairter, whick was submitted to by puorchasers. For barley there was a tolerable inquiry, at laat.week's rates, Oatsmbintainedlate prices. Beani were scarce; and unaltered in value. White wheat, 70a. to 75e. ; red. -67a. to is.;hbarley, 40e. to 45g.; oats, 30s. to l35sdbeans, -as,&to £2&s per quarter. Fine flour, 51L, to S2U.; seconds, 49g. to sot; thirds, 7sT. per 20 stung. -I Y pa 6 The weather haa been very changeable this week, andthe rdfresliing showers have cauaed vegetation to progress rapidly. 'Wheat on the whole is looking.remarkably wall. Therear "some esoeptions, hnw. ever, where the laud has bDeen more exRosed to. the cold blighoting wnudsof the psatmaouthx; in thewe districts the Plant does notblook iso healthy. Barley is looking strong and vigorous, as al1so are beanis. The late rabridhave greatly improvedthe pasturage. Fat stockhbaasnot alteredin price- since our last report At our market, withi a larg~ supply, theme was a good demand, and a clearance was effected, been, realizing 6d. to 6-td. per lb.;- and mutton, 53d. to 7d. At Bolsover, the iairsvasnotsolargeljuppi~ed asusul. Superiorxmilchoowsfet-chcd £l68to ttt0; fathbeaste Bg. per stone. Yor fat sheep id. per lb.rwas asked. Stock sheep hogssreallzedl0s.t-o Os.each. At our corrs-market, yesterday, the supply of wheat was rather small, and themewas-athin attendance of farmers and merchants. Inwheat there was net much business doing, s.t the quotations of IAsiweek. Barley was' inlmited supply,and rather dearer than last week. Oats m4hintainied late quotations. In beans there was noalIteration, White wheat, 74g to 78s. ; redl, tOe, to 72g. per quarter; smaltiug barley, 4Os. to 4Ms. per imperial mneasure; geinding barley, 3is.- to BS.& per 30 atone; new oats, 28g. to 29s. ; old, SOs. to 35g.per 24 stone; old beans, 5$3s. to Z3g. ; newr, 42s. to 48gs. per 18 stone ; liner, 5O0, to 5Ig. Super ditto, 523. to 5s. per 20stone. LU'COLN, APnm 25. We have had a fine opena week, and vegetation is progressing most satisfactorily.; There are sattsfactory accounts of theo appb&rnce 6. tbe yosuig w-heats in mnoAt districts of the county, whichb, during the last few days, have improved considerably. Some damage has been . sustained In Deeping Fen from the high wind, which bleow up the surface of the land, and&carried the seed out of the greulcLd Some fine refreshing show.ers have fallen during the week, axndtbis murnhigthere is every indication of a downfaL, which~ wil be anst, Propiltious. Barley is looking wrell, and promiises very favourably. - Winter henam ore, on the wchole, looking weri ; and. indeed, should the weather ronr tinue favourable, the prospects of the farmner are very premising. The grasslands are locking much better, and with tolerably open weather, indicate a goodl crop. I At our corn-miarket Yesterday there was :rather a small show oj wheat. Thle attendance of farmers and millers -won smnall, end the wheat trade ruled dull, at.the quotations of last week. There was a better inquiry, however, for the superior samples. Barley w,as firm, at late rates. In oats thkere was no alteration. Beanis maintained the prices of last week. 31Yhit&-wheat -7s.. to 73g. ; red, 88g to 7Og. - mealting barley, 42s. to) 48G. ; grinding 'barley, 38g. to 40s. ; oats, 21g. t~ 30g.; beans, 40D. to 45g. per quarter. DONCASTE11, Apsur, 28. The weather has been rather variable since last Saturday. We have had same fine days, but also. a recurrence of east winds, and to-day we hovehalna genLtle and continauosshaower of rein. Thernights are still cool and frosty, there hauing been -ice as thick as a crown piece on Monday mornintg. With the exception of the light lands there is no ls6li of inoisture in the ground, but the preidut downfall will be bene ficial in moistenring the surface anid refreshing vegetation, while the sand land, which ean do withi a shiower of rain every 24 hours, wfil deriv6 gr~at advantage froim the rain, The reports from the country districts this morning are nearly all of a favourable characterin respect to the appearance otthe crops. The wheat blade en,themore forwar-4 soils already covers the ground, and the plant stands think- and strong on albut thepoorer soilsand some of the limestone farms. An extra. ordiasrybreadith of wheat has been sawn this pear, and, if it should come safely to mnaturity, wil no doubt ecened in yield the prolific bar-. vest of 1854, There ii, however, somie reason to fear that the hfigh price of wheat for the last year or two hasled to considerable overcrap. ping, the consequences of which may be felt for rome seasons to come. At the present time every, acrea of ground that could be delvoted to ,wheat, without entirely neglecting the growth, of barley, is under this crop). Only the very best tilled. lands will- bear a. repetitiona of wheat in one four-course rotation,. agricultural chymistry nlot having yet supplied ' the necessary restoratives to enable the sell to bear so rapid s& succession of it. But in spite of hisact whch s wll now amng armrs,and which applies to altothr rop, artcuarl rd covr, llkinds of land, whether -wdl armd r il armd, hae,durngthe last two or three yea, ben adeto rodce hea incoureand out of courn. Tha heslt s ieviabl. Cops toallapparaceextremely fine, rise at thsurgentbidding of the grower, but n3o inconsiderable proportion of the can ane barren or only partially liled, and the generality of the grain runs small aud worthless. This was the case to a very great extenit last harvest; and although the deficiency lwa undoubtedly attributable in many cases to the douible growth whichL the wheat stalks had to sustain, from having been beaten down and saturated writh rain, yet much of it was not less certainly duo to over-cropping. In some parts of the country, the farmers' Covenants withi their landlords are too stringently enforced to allow of any deviation whatever, but in Yorkshire and the north of England more latitude in allowed, the lanidowners treating to the intellgence and self-interest of their tenants not to overtax the capabilities of the soil. It maust be admitted, nevertheless, the latter have in some cases touched thLe extreme Paint of reasonable Indulgence, and are now beginniing to find out their ermror The barley crop is coming up in the most satisfactory manner: t t is admittedt on all hanids that the plant never looked morm promising, and it presents a mark-ed contrast to the patchy and irregular growth of the last three or our seasons. Oats, beaus, and. peas have ahealthy vigorous appearance, which leaves nothing to desire in regard to them. Potatoes ore ahove ground in considerable breadths. The early plants have beencheckedhby the coldwinds and frosts, but otherwise they are in good condition ; and in the meantime there is an abundasic of old potatoes on handl Seeds meadows, and ipastures are well oeaered,-and the large amount of cartage for clock now at the command of the farmer andgrazder hpshad the effact of enhancing the value of beasts and sheep to a remarkable extent. At our last1 marlket, for instancDe, shLeep were 6s. to Be. per bead dearer than they were a fortnight ag, the best mutton in the wool makinig 83d,. per lb. and clipped mutton realiing7!L~d Beef has also gone up llper lb. We observe the markets at Wakcefield, Ilotherbara, York, Scararou,4h &c., havreexperienced a imlar adTance.. - At our corn-marerct this morning there was a large show of wvheat on the stands, all of which ocame to band in good coodition, and included1 a fair proportion of the finer qualities of bothwhlite and -red. There was a larger attendance of buyers than we have had for several weeks past. Trade wasslow at the commencement, holders,.influenced by the f5dm toaB and upward tendenry of other markets, demanding hihr atoe, which the buyers were unwilling to give; The facto,,5 from the west countiy state that there isa great deal of inferior foreign wheat in their markets, which they think xmust have a teuden-y to keep' theprice of farmere' wheat from [rising, although they do not deny that finefresh samnples nana hardlly, under any circumstances, be worth less than. they are at presenLt unti after harvest. There was a good inquiry for wheat of nearly all qealties at last -weekI's pricea, but about Gd per load (is. 4d. per quarter) mnore moneyhad to be paid for the best samples, while the general rnms were fullyas dear as last wreek. The actual transactions of the morning. boevmer, were inna mnoderate compass, and a good many samples -were left unsold. The show of barley was ludicronsly small, and, there being no longer any dou'btazsto theo generalecarcityof the articls,the expectations of holdei s wereproportionat4ly exaggerated. As much as Os.was as'ked for the finest samples hut buyersi being few and. the demand very small only 48s. was obtained, and we reduce our general quotations Is. on last week.'s rates. A buyer from ShefiReld declared that he could buy malt chaeaper proportionately thauh arley, he having paid 74s. per quarter for som e of the former, whille barley at. 48g., with a duty of 32s., comes to 8Os. The trade in hennalwas languid], and to effect sales a reduction of 60.perload (Is. Sd. prquarter) hadtohemade. Oats wereinfair demand, but underwrent no change in price. The followinig are our quotations to-day --Wheat, 23g. to 27a. per load of three - Imperzia bushels; fine, 23s. to 31s. ; hlendrorn, 21s. to 25s.;, rye, 165. to lSs. ; fine, 19Ss. to 29s. ; old beans, 19ga. to 2t1e. ; fine, 21s. ; peas (gray and white), 169. to 19g.; oats, 245. to flOe, per quarter; fine, 29g. to,31s. ; grinding barley, 40g. to 42s. ; malting barley, 43g. to 41g. ; fine, 483. to 48a. Official average price since this day weak :-Wheat, 7T& lOiL, Per quarter; barley, 39g. 7d. ; eats 21's, ; rye, 43s. 6d. ; beans, 46e. 3d. The camn-markets in this district have exhibited same martstiors, during the past week-, but they havemoetly had an upwardtenflency in regard to wheat. In two or three instances; quotations have been statmioary ; in all the rest they have advanced respectively Is, 2s.. audi Is. Per Quarter. The general supply of grain has been good, eceteptingi mn barley, which bears a high quotation, but the demand for this articet is rapidly decreasig, and in some. caes prices are aklmost nomina"L Oats, beans, anidpeas have ge-erllymaintainedIlot wee-'asurrencies, the demand having been mnerely of an ordinary character, and the~ supply generally ofacorresponding character. Linseed aud.'rapeealces.1 have suffered considerable stpreessoni lconsequence of the-increwse IC abundanico of gras. The fotmner-acticlelas gone down to £9. his Itapiel ra'kes are nominally quotedot- £8 to £4 Se, - GLOTESTEB Annr 26. We continue to experience the most delightful spring vather # we could be blisedwith.. We- haebad nearly a fortuiatl of van dry smmy dam so thaM.the. ground wo becoming dry; dand lag n t and this morning a plentitul fal ot ain has come m'ne, opportatj Thicoutry is looking usost beantifuL The trees are.puttin oetli .irleves the grass sadonws hbae. aewmed a bright reez n a,veaz3r ,c andthewheateroeptarefastimpeoxing. The pearand lmru blo w i highlypromini anithe earl den fruits ba-vbeenu ni¢i dby fiosts, to that au aundant croemy be looked fo,. Our receipt; oZforeigu grain into Olbce3ter tbiaweez bar ,been15A8 Idlogrsinmes of wheat from Athbes, mad three ragoa CC beaus fromAlexandriL-sltogekhar 1t23S ardeLs .sra Lra v ;e hleav large srrivaslrof oats, cosisting of 3.S9f b3rI and 34 V rrels ot barley. Ounsareket to-Iy wwa pretty fdima, p&.o n 'euto rrietlon in the Tlue of wheatbaatlerp lsee. u'Englph. w2ite feba es, 6S3.to 70a per qpsterr; ad red. Ws. to S... Fogigi,ratber eat 3.r Ch6i,a Danu?e,, M to 7L per c301b. IbrailaSIs.d t a M SreniSh, Gt3: to 703.- aidAncona, tinto3 OLe, InEngflspin,al& nbarbo;, tSe,to42a perqcyarterwas cbWtatned. and35e. to'Zi for griding rish, 3k;. to 5, iper 4001b.; newr Ehulish beans. 40,. to.4,2 and old', 4k to 47s. per quarter; Egyptian, 34 to 3t5&per &8011b.; asd Pmnedb andDutch, 423.; lrishoats,23d, to 2Ls 6d. per 121b.; bla3k. 22SeCd.to23s 6&;and tawney, 23s. to 24s.; peas, 50e. tok for. breakers, and 42& to f. ws. quarterfor grinders. - - The loml mawkets have exeuienoed little change. At Sior-otAhs. Wold, on Thursday, the 2errages wero :-Wheat. ;3 103. lCd. t and barloy, £1 1S3. per quarter. At Teowleabur.- on WedneW_g,, the supply was short. Whe La. to9. 6d. dper bushel; mealting a.rleT,-5e,to Se. 3d.; grinding, 4e. 98, to 5s. ;English oats 3s. 3d lh. 3!S to 33. 6d. ; Engli;h beims. 63. 31il to 6s ; foreig;n, 4s, t;d to 61 3L boling peas. Ga. '0; and hog, 3. Ito d- La per btsleel realt,O. t9 9s. 3d. perbuehewLORcESTERAr 26. ihe market Was ratherL driitomrday. Whl egliswheat feiehod Ba, to 0 8d. per basiel for white, and e G. Ed. tos. 10d. for reda malting barley, 5;. to 5 3-1, and disllinu k; 91: S new inglis,bns, L 61. to 6, ad dld, Sa tn, .I , erlgo, 5e. to La. 4d.; English oats, 4s; to 4a. 31 per 191h, aD t Pa. SdL to 4s; white peas S, 8d to 6, and gray, 54d* to S, t: rctcbes, Cs. to 7,. Cd, per busheL Ia'ooerter ayeM2E:-_W1JOg ;3 ,c- CSdL ; bhaley, £ 119,a Did; oats, Xi 6 sd. ;and beas, £2 5L Zjd icer q&S ter. 'EADDG lAn ''6. s. Colt1 easterly wind Prevailed sinti yeerday, when it veerodina to the south. and g&sal pring shoWses have Xuoeeeded, zi . 4 beauty to the face of nate'.% The gras lands promise an abundant ouof hay, and the clover nontinues to exhibit an exceedingly good appear nee.- The wheat fields also look promniinlyt and Those parts whicig apeared injured by tbe 1ng cold rinds aJd ft seem toba,ve TM vered and tbrive welL Owing to the altered state of the crn-market, in Londonuljstmoas.r howing that the trade had, to some deogee, reeovred thedoeleoj the revious week, our farmers stent in a hlberal quaetityof wsest, aad thsw stands This morning in the Excbange exhibited a mittle n-mo tih average supply for the season. It wa not unasonble tht our armersand dealersohould desdre topartakeof thencsp emth nd thus it was that an inirease -wa siked upon -the prices cureiit , ,wee-ago2Theshortnessinimportationsthisweekenavjse lvstoan out more firmly for an advance, and, as the stockisundebltedy zetinC nmall, and without supplies from foreign countries wllTe ls Afflet4t or the demandforhome consup=tionunttilafter harvat, themiflers had no alternative but in a greatmeasuretoielIdtosellers. Theeffea of the demnnd. for increaed price wasto cause atemporzay staguntion in basiness, but as the day drew on buyers wero found at an increase of about2s. per quar er for the best dry qualities, and 1i. to 2s for other and less choice sorts. White wheat (bes qualities) sold at 79 tO Six and 8Bie; middling descriptions, 70s. to 7Ts.; red wheat (best ample ,T70s to 76s.; rouh lots, at 65s. to Ge. per quarter. ; The malting season is now nearly brought to au loso, so that we'do not look for Jarge supplies of barley. The quantityw-aslimited, xua sperior qualities-were quite rare. For such as was really good and ines there was a fair inquiry, and it was without difficulty that In. ptO quarter advance was made. There were no west country buyersbere to-day, so that the distilling qualitie were almost neglected, ands es money bad to be talen where holders were ausiious to aoll. Grinding descriptions appeared to be heavy in disposal, and prices, vewtbisnk were a shade lower. The best samples were sold at3s to 42. and 4s.; distillng, 34s. to 36s. and 37L.; grinding ditto, 303. to 33* Therehaving of late been little demand for oats, the supply to-day feU off; nevertheless, it was adequate to the requirements of dealers The btest parcels, though they sold sowlsy, comismanded the WuI terni ot last week; but the inferior lots, of wlhichtberewassa good number. were scarcely saleable. Tartary oats, light weight, sold ati1s. tolfis. ditto, better description, ItS. to 2s.; Poland, 24s, to 26g. The bean stands were but moderately occupied, and now that planting is over the trade has relapsed to its former state of quietness Sales 'were slowly made at the following currencies :-Old English bears, 46s. to 1s. and 525; new beans, 40s to MOse The trade in Egyptian beans this week has been more active; still, our last quotations have notben exceeded. They were, for whole beans 3s. to 353s.; and split, Lbs. to 2Gs. The peas now chiefl in request are those riquired for pigs anda grinding. There was a moderate supply, and trade wAs slow at 3ka. to 42s. Therain or yestrday led to a better inquiry for grass seeds than was exWpeted at this advanced period of the season, and full dgures were maintained. Clover seeds werea attle lower. For many wreeks past the trade in flour has been steads,arid jo i still oontinues The prices stiUl raulng are-for households 566., and. for seconds 52i. per sack of 2lb. The official return fronthe Inland I3evenue shows that 1,534 qu_rtezs of wheat were sold last Saturday for the sum of £5,652 4s, 4d, or an aver,age of 73s cd., the decline being 6s. 4d per quarter. This great reduction in that time is owing to a large quantity of superior wheat having been sold at the mrklet on the l2th instant at a;very high figure. The sales in barley are greatly on the decline, for the quantity disposed of hot week was only 313 quruters ainst rf7 at the fomner market. The total zum realiszedI wS 637 6s. Md_. or' an avernge of 37s. 2d. per quarter, being an increase of 4d. per quarter only. The past week has showrn that the corn trade, more particularly wheat, is recoveringthe depression which was produced by the news of peace. On Monday.aatnAingon, wheatwasshortinspply, and the trade dultat a little less money. On Tuesday the market at Faiingdon, in consequence of the improved tone of trade at Mark-lane on the previous day. assumed a drum apeet, and sellers obtained a trifling advance At Wokinghban, on the same dLay, the raes of the previous week for wheat were maintained. On Wednesday, at Hungerford the demand.for wheatwassteadyatfuUltermas At Baslingatoke, andalso at 31aidenhead, on the same day, wheat waVs quite as dear as i the former week On ThursdayNewbury-market waslitallysupplied vith roodwheat, andthobestlotsreadilysold atanadvanceof l'perquarter. Thebbarleytrade wasgood,andasperquafrterdearer. Wbsatsoldat 42. to S6s., andbarleystL, toit4 es.perxquarter. Atllenley,on that day, wheat was in good request at Is. per quarter above the rates of the last market. Barley also fetched an etra Is. On Friday, at Walligford, the supply of wheat being rery moderate, sellerswere enabled to obtain a rise of 2Is to3o per quarter. Barley reaized full currenie. but oats were Is. per quarter lower. At High Wycombe, on the same day, the best samples of 'wheat fetched an advance of 3. to 4s.sper quarter. SORWICI, AiL 26. The weather umderwent a favourable change this morning, Aprij showers having made their appearance again attera long and unsessonable absence. The local markets present little variation dosing the week. At King's Lyn. and Dory St. Edmund's a alight upward tendency mani_ fested itself, and prices wem quotedls. per quarter higher. AtBungay. on Thursday, previous rates were not exceeded. The supplies of harley continue to decrease as the season advances. and former prices have been generally maintained. The advices received from arxk-lane yesterday reporesenteda arner tone of business, and at this Exchange to-day the millers, being low in. stock, took off the supply brought forward at an advance of Is. toSs, per quarter. Barley wat in limited supply, and commanded Previous rateLs The same report may be 3made with reference to oats, beavs and peas. Prices --Wheat, white (wein tblhtoSlb. per iril bushel), 70s. t3 7s; ditto, red (weighing 60lbl.tot-3lb.), 65atoa,s barley malting (weighing Slb. to 531b.), 40sto-3 41; ditto distillina (weighing S01b. to 5111b.), 36s, to 3sg. per quarten Akt the last aleat, the new rins in this city four went off at M& to 4k 3d, per aack Latest averages:-WVheat, 1,971P quarter, 66. 9d. (agains 321 quarter 67sC 2d. corresponding period last sear).; basler,l,212 quarters 39s. 9dL (aguest 1,76T cunarters, 31s4d. corresponding pario&dast year) oas, 16 quarters, ' Ps. 6d. COLCIESTE%, Apsem d. At our market to-day trade commenced dult; in some casesrather below the quotatiosis of last week; but subsequentty became activce at an advance upon former rates Vhito- wheat, s. to 71-s.; red fi2le to 673.: fine malting barley fetched as- muchias 40s. whito:peas, 42s. Yesterday, at Chelmhford, there was a, oonsiderable businesdou in good quality wheat, atarise of Is:; purbhasers.toolz off sampleE. freely at this improvement. Alt other articles-were unalterod, except oats, -which were rather lower. White wheat,4 52. to 74..;. red, .I. to 5s.a; oats, 22&s to Mli In the neighbooring markets of Suffckithere-las beernoeelteratiot in the prices of lsatweeln At Bishops ftortford, on Thursday, there was a dseinoi- IsorL Wheat. DUBLIN, Asxn25.. At our Corn-Exchange to-day prime qualities of ereryydeription. of grain folly su,ported the eureneuisael.TesdayJsatt;;btmiddhiagand inferior sapleslwere rather dulliol'sale. - W-de not6ater roUr onotabtions df Taesdar for ae n-Stein,o
COMM&ARCIA& LEKTELLLG"C.& T=VIVR r V An. AiRnL 262& Thoplricikir.iattt ctiouirab&hi5s. e&~llbeeu the puliUc,sales. of coiulol anud foreign, wlthaive gone-of fO at Eatisfacor IM jspe,s There has-alse>bew,cosidezbleiinquiry,by~p'istne ooniiac, ba e;tb rsflv Onotbeen ot bee u y.gt5 Xts ral vowing to. the wAnt ofr c -EsOtelslro( has hel insood deirod pa.rtjnir the inwer~ lescip:l.whic h are v exzncnco aun&stjllnsinpelces. lSrovB .'' . ... .. .. Y iS ,, Ihnsk ,~~~~~~y.U184 Totala 237 We exd tbefol infrosLxMesrs Itbes.nd RIonald's Woo Circui%naf he 26th-s TbT public ea Dtf wool whichhave, I)bOU r ilS reia since the 2d inst., brought together a yery largo 5attendansa of buyers, The total quantity amnotmced as 12,00(0 bales,ofi? aclc7,tl7were Eat India, which lone call for Ilyparticulasuaw ment. Thesalesor this deuseiption oped with rtrv t ,piei*.sn,0 in consequence o the unuu.aliy loz interval since hprei2orusKla ;,stowlebeingcompletely reduced, the trado evinced somo rsrmaa at the comenmcement, wich, however, ras not fully 1a5rxmda* roughout; still,we are abeto rePOtthat the gem erahaLeait 5 E&i6 ih tory, pricesonuthe average being somewhat higher thuan a ;hetlf ions sates. The greatest setveuce wson goad midding tos .uUr: lighow qlualities, wrhich we quote decidedls higher; aUi n~o2 45Cflp hae nilodin favor of h yee wheen ,eb nasladedrndofthoioalaodearer,butforgrao dfaw. exceptditosedi of. e -inr qu y]itie &ne hand Oprtoaed i3sonro uc hl .vr c and other ad markelse kinds hae sold at a cgihu nerablw lteclii e. Byprivate conttract durilg the month thcdemandhasbeet Mraros e *imate particularl for Austri wools, hich have bbee e1tP 'I oughtup at snadvs,nceof 2dto 3d.perpound on the prices dory st Lonon sdtes, andpbusinegs to some extent be aiso beem done 'i,1 .her descriptions not on the spotby sample at proptntioeaste rat~s ,b late arrivals of fine ainaer alte u ools have found eager buyers a he nasianded,nmdofth, tholeroceiptsonlya few bales relaitunh poseden o. LngregyPtian and Oporto are soughtafter, in co: 9r .ence of the advan^e to English combing wools, buta etremely s trce. Ehnish cminsheg rools have bzee very f, and thbre in r very prospect of the cpproaching clil openig with some excitement. che demand beinglarge and consutmers wight ir tocl. Scotchh ools; ha.ve been n good demand, but, there being hittle on the avot buinees has been much restric'.ed, anDd some of the pluncipaI sale nmde having beens to retmur tFo thastquarter, there is lttle to expect for suplies. even if theY had it to send, which seems doubtful under thu circurnstances. Shei pekins have been a good deal in request, ernd hasre founn reabdy sales by private contract, at fuUipricec. The next putblcsdes ot colonial in Londoueare to commence on the Sthproximo, and the quantltyso far announced isF33,000, hut will propobly resch fuDly.jO,CCI LTEllZPOOL SUGAR-MAltKET, Arr,r 26. We have had rather a duUl day in business very Ettle bavin>r been done. Yeslecdsy tran.sactions were also moderate. comprising 10 hhds. West India sugabr, at 41s. to 02s. tAo hoxea isrinxlnab, at pPs. d. us bend; end 4iO bags Bilo Grande, of whEich ths price has lnot transpired. Also 160 isuchoons old, indirct Cuba motassee, at lie eL; £0 begeSt. D)omingo coffec at Sie. ,1S0 baGS old Bennal rice, t tGs., with a ezail loS o£ newast 11s. Cd. Per cat At auction, 1,3DO bales of jutesoldatZ9togO17S6. perton.- ''
ExcBQsua B3nmsThe aniount of Exqhequer bills changed this year is already 6,794,8001., and theiinount paidc m noney 467,4001. In 1855 16,435,6001. was changed, and.72,800l. paid in money. The Exchequer-bills outitanding on the 31st ult. amounted to 21,182,700L ROYAL COLLEGE OF SuVGONZS.-The following gentlemen, having undergonethe necessary examinations fGr the diploma, vere admitted members of the College at the ineeting of the Court of Examiners on the 23d inst. X1essrs. John Edmund Gnmning, Trafalgar-sqoaro, Brompton; Robert Preston Tickler, Bigh-street, Eowe TPeter PDiyon, Worwich; Henry Cookson, Royal .asy; W3I1iam I Shlinglaw Hewat, Gnelph, r Canada I illiziis Tan- iier, Ary-; Jamxes :Pltt, infield, C shire;; Evan RZoberi GarU Dolbenmaen, Carnarvonshire; and Charlea Seward, Petersfield, Hants. Tha following gen1emen havo pased the preliminary examinatiens in elassmns, =athematics, and French, reparatory to undergoing et'e professional examinations for the fellowhip:-emars. James Rudall, t Rochester-square. diploma of memnerthip datad the 27th of March, 1854; Richaro P. B. Taeae, St. J'AlWa-wobd the, 4th of August., Is72* rancis Lloyd, Dedkid-row; Wlliara H Pverett, S -neyreen; and enrwy Ar.,ndel Day, ILondon
TOTICE.-The Provident Irutitution Sawings' Ban1c, S. Mar-tin's-place. 2ith April. 1855.-At a Mleetinig of the Coms. unsttee of Managers, held this day, Messr. Bush aud Mullen; the soli. titom of the lusatiutrion, were Intrcmted to take proceedings against tho authors ot the malicious and false reports whichi breve caused so mnuch aL=r and annoyance to the depositors ; and. although the alarm is f9astieb3idbig, it was resolved that, besidea the business hours the 33&NIf will remnain OPEN' during the ensuing weelk every day, from 9 *.ca, so 6 P.m., to answer inquiries and atford every information to dePoeltees. By order ef the Commnittee, EDWARtD BOODLE. Comptroller. S PAMS COUPOS.-A PBLIC MINEETING Thuchirwil h tke b Geerl irJOHN FITZGERALD, Tho object is to form an active Commsittee, who may adopt ouch energetic measrevs as may ter.d to lead to a favourable isaue, Holders of Certiflcates or Couponis, tdesirous to act on the Comamitteo andl to subscribe to any necessary expensea, may adidrese Sir John Vitzaeraldl previous to the Mecting, at his residence. 2-0. Coekspur.at. 4 USTIAN ad BELGIAN COUPONLS, duie the ,C3.,hof!hy,arenow being PAID. ont presentation, at the best Zatss Lsodrate ranedon Paris and other chief continental cities. at or ofice 21 Co ohilppooito thte Royal Exchan;e--SAMUEL ins MOiTATY,bulionmerchants and foreign honkers. Y- I131NDo the QUEEN.-A GRAND- M ANGY DRSS BALL.for theE Benett of the Royal Academy etf Music, whichL Her.Majesty has graciously signified her intentionL of hoosuxingwith herpreseence, will take place at the Honoyer-squraro itoomna on Friday, Juno 60h,856. PATRONS. Iis Royal Hfghnew. the Prince Albert. Btor Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Gloceeter. Her Royal Hlighnesathe Duchess of Cambridge. Her Royal lllghress the Princess Mary. HislRoy.al Highniess the Dluke of Cambridge. LADI)IS FATRONF.SSES. The Duchess of Richmond The Cusnstcsa Granvile 'The Duchess of Beasifort The Counitesa of Lichileld *flbe Duscbcsg of Buccleitch The Countess of lierrty The Dochers of Montrose The Countessof Sbelbumen The Duachess of Roxbur&he The Lady Frederick Dentinclc The Tuhrehe of M1anchester The Lady Williams Powlett TiheDuchess oflWellingtont The Lady Constance Hlaidstone The Duchees of Sutherland Countess do Flabault, Viscountess The Duchess of Inverness Keith The Mitrchioness of Abercorn Viscountess Dungannon The Marcldioess of Ely Viscount-ss Sidney The Marchioness of Exeter Viseouutes Comberniere The Marchioness of Clanricarde The Lady Anne Beckett Tha Marchioness of Breadlalbane The Lady 1~ondes The Marchxioness of Wvestmijnster The Lady Watllcourt The Marchioness of Statferd The Lady Lyndihurst The lady Olivia ossolston The Ladly Ashburton The Lady Constance Grosvenor The Lady Strathedeni The Countess of Derby The Lady Stanley of Aldertey 'rhe C,ountess of Westmrorland The Iady Aveland TXhe Countes,s of Chesterfield Hon. lady Lytton Bulwer The Countess of Sandwich Baroun ea c Cetto The Countess of Abingdon lIa.r. is. Hentry Fitzroy 'The Countessa of Jersey Ladly Clerk Ihe Countesa Stwnihope Lady Clififord Constable The Countess Spenlcer Laiy Asstrsbus The Countess of Dle-art Lady lall of Llanover The Countess of Cras-en Lady 1miph Howard The Countess of Wilton Laly i'stingtsn, 'TheCounatesstof Glengall LadyCampbell The Countess Howe Lady Tiesiger !Tbe Counte-ssof Cawdor BMrs Ch,rle:sNMill. The voucher, to to procesred from the ladies patronesses only, whcic -will be exchanged at the ltassover-scteare Rooms for tickets, on the 2d. 7d, 4th. and Stit of Juno. between. the hiours of 11 and 5, after which they will he cbarired double, or forelited. the number being IhnitesL. .No gentleman cani be admiitted extcept in usriforin, Court or fancy s'rvia. HER MlAJESTY's THEATRE.-Season 1856.- -HIt is respectfully anniounced that the OPERA. SEASON' willU .OMhtENCXE on &aturstay. the 11Cth of May. OIn resmning the perfoimances, which have been susipemled dturing the last thlree years, the Director of Her Majesty's Theatre is aniWous to assure the patrons oafUse opera and the, publicth~atn,ssexertion shall he anting to secure for this cetablishament that high position it so long maintained; andbe trusts that the renewal of the enterprize nudier more prosperous auspires will be accompaniedl with that faxvour and( support wvlsich no frequenter of the opera needs to be reminded were for so many years iresseded to a bri iLaut and surcessftul manag-ement. The secession, in 181. o may o thse erfrmes wo hd lngbeen attached to the sires Hose. as he cosmerenent f a ongand( arduouis strugle to mintin he frtues f th o' hose:ansi it wais not till the wealh offoursuccssie copetiors ailbeen fruitlessly lavished efforts hare been uneitigt r-pn eMast'Thtr'loa T,ermane.t basis an orsoeteopera to its anciet hm.H a recivsi liberal encourasgemnent frmevery side:. and, effectuially aided by noble ansi generous, support fro a quarter where the refinements of net. rnd taste never fall to lind a patron, he is now enabled gratefiuly to annottrce the imumedilate resumptiosi of pemformnances. At theo pre-aent moment there are vocalists, of ass excellence se,ldom surpassed, -whlio have never, bee-n hoead by an Esselisi publlic. Of thiese, the 11I1te Lavo been secured for the present sesson. 11cr Majesty's Theatre is miarked otut by its sire, its situationi, andi its conveniience of access, 'na Iles than by olsd ans iuterestissg associstissu. as the approprints seat of the opera. In the sicosistic properties, so essential. rtotls effective produiction of tire lyrical dramai, it is acknowledged to surr.ass every othier stagsi iss Europo. In consequence of some happ -sceisent of construction aL remit hatsbeen attained tiat science hasy failed to explain, and that no architect could Lncage to reproduce,by -which the faintest tones anid the must delicate vocalizantion penE-trate vssita unimpaired dlearness to the Tenmoter3t recesses of the vast edifice. The arrnlgemenwts comopletedl andI in pessgrcss. beth in operaL and ballet, -will, it is confidently hoped, be thossght wortlhy of the former repeutstiou of the theatre, and of the juist expectations of its distinguished .supporters. La consesluence of the lat-eperiodlat which it was resolved to open the theatre, the arrangemients. sathsfactory as it is hoped they -will even now be found, are not yet fsslly comnsleted ; and negottations -areIn p-ogress from wlhich im-iorte.nt accessionis are expected. The f.-11owinz arrangernrenta r:ave beeni completed:-Opera,-Madarte Alboni (her first appearance in London these fie years), Mdlle. Pierlaet(er first appearance). Mldle. Gisihia-ta Rizza ani Mdlcle. Finoli (thLeir first appearance) .1Madamce Amiasel anrd MslUle. Berti (their first -appearance) anua H1asLme Alisertinii (her firt apr.earance). In asldition tothe above talent an engagement hass been elfiectel with DMIhe. Jolixauna Wagner (her first appesasance). Sicu,,r Sslvrarud (of"La Pergola. Yloreoce. his first appearanrel, S'ignor Bor:=rsis (his Rest appearance in Eain hse six ser). Signo -aisias inor Caizolari- Signor ]Beneveutano (of La Sc,-la. Milan. of the Italian Op-era. Madrid. anxd 4lse principal thseatrei of Italy. his dinst appearance). Signor Variia. Stisgrmsr Ferti,i t3ignor Baiollo, Signor Zucconi (of the principal theaises, of Italy. hi. first appeasabce), and Signor Bolttim 'Madanse Albo:d will iniseleeiately arrive in London, and will make her Stin apearace n St'srlay May0, n lsesini'ls ope-ra of Cenereatlssl -Mdliv, Picicolomssrsi will arrive in EssIalad on the 14th of May. aad make her fix-st appearance a few daYs. altnrvarlst in Verdi's opera of La Traviats, prditeseod for the first timie in Essland. Madamne Vbsrtini will arrive in London about the 2istg of May, and will make her first appearance isn Versii's opera of 11 Trovatone. 1.eoora Madame Albertini; Arsicenae Mawlaine Alboni (tber tirstaispearance inthat character), MINd1le, WNagner will make her first eapeasace n heIsgitmn o iseasEsRo.eo in Bellini's opera of 1 Lapuleiti e fonrteclhi. The comnbinatiss is on opany, of fosir ef thernost distir,gnis'hesdartistes in the '-peatir world, each perfect in 1er own peculiar style, will enable the diretion to offer a varied and atutracLtve se!ection from the estiblisheat vi-ros of Mlozart. Mbeyerbeer. Dellini. Donizetti, Atibr. 'Venli. Rnd IsRpmissi. Director of the Music and Conzductor -Signor Bossetti. of the italian Opera, Paris, LeAder ,of the tirchestra-'M. To'ilsje.ie Leader ssf tlve Ballet-H,1 N'adaud. TXhe orchestra has been carefuilly selected, bath with reference to the exgceUecy of the fndslidtt sil artiAles asiid tlre perfection of the ensemble. TXhe choms has alsso been selected wilts gr,eat care. Ballet~-Mdlle.. Iloenti, MIdle. Bellsso, 3Mdfie, Bosrietti, M[dlie. Lizereau. Millie, C:ara. Msllle, Rosa- INIlle, K.trine, and Mdlle. illarie Taglioni :. M. Vandris, hI. Ch-areies. sad. H. Paul Taglioni, MaSdiitrc de Ballet-31. l'aul Tagliossi, A:ssistani5. Malice do Ballet-5H, 'Vari,ris. Regisseter doe bss Danse aissi o~rs:-'Maltte de Ballet-H.. r'etit, Thie grandl ballet of Le Corsaire. ness, perfornsing at the AcadEmie Royale, Paris. with riniredented success, will bso produced early in the season, Meslsr-a, MidlIe, Itsa . Principal Artist la the Es-tab lishmrent-Mr. Charle., Marshall, Tiie costianae department esill be directed by MNiss Bradley and H,.Lanures-s. indter the ssrperintendence Df Mladame C'spsire 1'r-Tripi1ss DlrigM.f. Maroian. Heat of t1,e IPmperty Depadtmetit-Me,r L'r,dsrell, The subscription will coilaat of lO3nighrt - ansi the prices wsll bet as; follow :- Pit boxes. 12D to 350 uinas:grasuttie. Il, o 20 aeisess one pair. 120O to 15 guinas:twopair 75to tO gines; sitstalls, 25 guineas, The thrtrewil opn o Saumly. he 0thof ay.when will be predaced Itosinis oisr ofCENIIINTOA. ureius Madame Alb3idn: - 2)nl'amii, igrorCiroari Do Mamilco, Signor Zucconri; arid, I5amlmiLS~norlleletti Aftr whch CIiie presenited an eutire!y, an he allt tivetisemet o tht nnroby 31 retipa, in the opera of LaVpreLs Siciliennes. l'rincipal part;sby tildiles. Bollers, Borchetti, I.i.creau. and Katrzne, .j YCEUM THEATRE.-3adamle Ristori.-Mr.Gyo jUbegs uisot respe~ctfully to announce, that he has made an engagemient. with the celebrtate Ital-ian tmarlelicnn, Madame RISTI)ET, together writhi her Italian Dramtatic Conmpaiy, to five a series of performances at the Lyceum Thea-tre during ti!e Lioiitbs of June andIjntly. The subscription will be for 19I performances-full particulars of whichi will he duly announced. D~RURY-LANE.-Ensrlish Opera.-THIS EVEN L.ING (3ondayl, LUCIA ')l LAMMIERMOOR. in which M1r. Elliott, Galer will mate hiss terst appsearaince t1hisseason in the character of eirrma: uci. ucyZicoi: Erio, r.Dursod: Arturo. Mlr. Manves,Ac. lte whih, he fniora mern aytihtes. Mr. and DIms W.J. lorece,wil apiearor he irnttie in England in one of her ee poulr atina cmedetas etitled THE YATNKEE HOUSEKEPER. Pe Ann MeitahieItigginfluter. 'Mrs. W. J. *TPHEATRE ROYAL, H A Y MAR KET. -T ffI- JLEVE'XING (Mfonday), ansd duirin-, the week-, the new and sutcceesful coniedy of THlE EVIL GL2NIUS. Tenui Ripstone (h Evil Genius). Mr. Buckstone . Lady Rinywood, Miss Reynolds.I At-er -'which, the renowned Spanieh dancer. 1'erea Nena. wvith Mjanuel P'erez and a compleste Cominany of Spanish. COryph6es. will pear in the znew and brnilant ballet pantozrsinse of EL C'AsIIBUJSTNO; or, The Mexican Goldscek-er. With, in conzeqnetiee of its great attraction, the revived farce of GF.ItiSH.AW. IIAGSiIAW, A-ND BRADSHAW, in whichi Mr. Buckstone will sustain his original character of Gnim. ashaw. and MIss- Talbot wrill appear. Concluding wyith THE POSTMU1A5N K2NOCK. R OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - THIS E'VEYING M3ondayl wll he piroducedt (for the BEN-EFIT of h r and M1rs. CHARLES K(EAN. Sbaksp,eare's play of THE *"1 INTER'S TALE, Preceded by THE VICTORtVANQUISHED. 'To-morrow (Tues-day). and on Wednesday. Thur-sday, Friday, and S tuirday. The Winiter's Tale. The Victor vansquished every evening. FIIHEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Unique Novelty X and Dramatic Effects.-The highly ssrccessful comedy of like andL Unlike every evering (Wednesday excepted), as performed before Her h[alesly).-Urgt Priv'ate Affairs at secon-d price,-THJS EVENtING. MIKEAN'D UN-LIKE:by Mr. B.Webster. Mr. Wright, and Madame ACelesto, With URGEN~T PRIVATE AFFAIRS: by Mlr. Wright. And HOW'S YOU?. UNCLE ? by M1r. WVright. On Wednesday (for this night only, owing to the overflow to all parts of the house on Wed.. nieday inati. The Green Bushes3. Mr. Weight, Mr. P. Bedford, and Madlame Celeste, in their original characters.- 7UIHEATIEROYAL, SAL'ER's - NWELLS.- ,UTh mot slenid tiumh sncethedass of Edmund I-lean is Chares illn'sBelbexr-C,rawed o-ses ver evening to see thei beatacto andthe eet nterainmnt i Lodon.-NIrs. Charles; 3)ilon.MissHariet ordn. M. Jmes togrs,and MINr. George A. Westr veYAL emg SUR xEsY THs, ai s;pts: gallery, Osd. OYAL SUREY THEARE.-La-st Nights of IJLts HOW WVE LIVE. previous to the preluction of the Whitssmtide isoyelties. Po-sitively the last nix nigbts of Monsieur Hunlon's per. ftorming in England. SARAH'S YOIUNG MA-N will visit his friends, every evening. 4C BEAT NATIONAL STANDARD THEATRE.- --Proprietor, Mr. John Doaglass.-Fnengernent of M iss Glyn, Mr. 'IL Mlarston, andAMiss Rebecca Isaacs.-THIIs EVENING, the play of 'TEBE DUCHESS OF HALF! (unparalleled in histrionic paentry). -IRAIND EXHIBITION of AMERICAN PLANTS. - X -Messrs. Waterer and Godfrey have the honour to announce to tae nobility, gentry, and amateurs. that they have made arrangemexta with Mr. T. B. Simpoon, for a GRAID EXHIBITION of AMEII(CAN PLANTS, in the newly erected pNalion in Ashburmham-park, adoining Cremorno Gardens, which will far exceed anythingofthe }cind ever before attempted.-C-capp-ilU N.urey. Woking. G RASS SBEDS.-GEORlGE GIBkBS and Co., 26, Dowrn-street5 Piccdilly, beg to announce that their mixtures of C-RXBA SEEDS, for laying and down, *o ppermanent meadow ac4 ris , ara nlow ready. Price 3Cs. per acre, to sWitall soils, (alowing sobuahedsaad12 lb. per acre). Mixtures for ImproiRig old gram JLa1. ye, par lb.; dna lawn grass, I, 3d. per lb. 0rdes for the oDoo ~,lulypaedlrd.-2U, Down-teet, Piccadiily. .WNXTAER Jour GARDENS with GUTTA PERCHA TUBI T half-irch, 3id, per foot: all other sizes equally e--cheap. Bras brancb, stopcock, and rose, 5s-At ths Gutta rereba *Comrans'swarehouse,224 HIgh-strect, Shorediteb. WATER Your GARDENSS with the PATENT FLtREXiBLE GUTTTA PERCA TTUBING, 4d. per foot; 'brass branch, with tap, rose, and jet, 4e. fid., union joint, Is. iL; ftted complete. Tubing for lisluid m3anur. Self-supplying gardenengines. Li£t, eaB ch. Address. James WV. WYatts. factory, 27. City. nroad.. Postoffice orders payable at City-road branch. ONE MANURE, Saperphosphate of Lime, Blood B Ma3nure, Guano, Nitrate of Soda, on SALE, at Hl J. HUNT'a biono mills Broad-street, Lambeth. S UPERPHOSPHATE of LIMIE.-The above Z sticie is manufactured of superior quality, and supplied to d,eA' and farmers, at £5 10ts per ton, bags included, free on board or A W rlway station in London. Address Agricultural Chymical W k, Globe-wbar Rtotherhithe; orro E, B. Browm, 2, Adam's-ourt, (jj Brood-street. -LD WEGWOOD VTASES? with coversL perfect. -Al!AIROf 7erydfn VASES, 18 inches hugh. ralsed figures, cla1d.a.gabecta, ic 56 guineas. AsPlSyto George Duncombo, jun., sctfe,eer, 1S,i Wvestern-road, Brighton. rn N DERTAKERS and others.-To be SOLD, sf6tocs of inch ELt BOARDS, of superior qlality, from one uot 2t inches wril io two feet she inche3 wride. For Price and further Sieticuisra appl4 to Mfr. 3ohn Cirtchpole, E rith, 35ent. RtOY ITALI OPERA, LYCEUM. Third Appeance ot Madamo Bo-o. To-morrowEvening /Tuesday, April29) will be perfoMrklednoin;tti' opera, LELISIRt DMORE. Adina. Madame Eoeio; Gis metta, M.adame Taglinfee: Nemorino, 8ignor Gardoni' i Blcore, Sienor Tagliafico and Dudlen=r, Signor Ronconi. Conductor-Mr. Cota. To conclude with the new rties ent, entitled LES M1AMA. DRYADES. Principal ebaractera by WdlIcs. Eaper. Gen t, Comba, Emma. Mr. Payne, and IL Desplace. Commence 3t 8. The box-office, in the grand entrnce under the portico, la opeU from 10 tIll 5. DRURY_LA-NE.-ENGLISH OPERA. Under the Management of Mew& J. H. Tuly and F. ingsbur. THIS EVEN'NCG. LUCIA DI LA?MEEMOOR. Edardo, M1r. ElUiot Galer; Enrico, Mr. Durand; Arturo, 3r. Manvers; Luci LsyEwscott. ±tc. To concludevwith THE YANKEE HOUSEKEEPER. T.HEATRE ROYAI, HAYMAPRRET. Under the M.anagement of Mr. Buckstone. THISEVMING. THE EVIL GENIUS. By Mers. Buckatone. Conmpton; 3Misses teynolds, Swanborough,ft. Alter which. EL GAMBUSDiO; or. The Meclcan Goldseeker. To be followed by GRI31SEHAW, BAGSEAW, AND BRADSEAW. To concludewith THE POSThANS KNOCK. ROYAtl PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Under the Lanagement of Mr. Charles keae, For the BENEFIT of Mr. and Mrs. CHARLES KEAN. THIS EVENINGwIll bepresentedTEfE VICTOR VANQUISHED. After whlcb. TH, WINTEr'S TALE, leontes, 31r 0. Kean; Hermione. Mrs. C. Kean. THEA'TRE ROYAL, ADELPHr. Proprietor, Mr. B. Webster ; Directre?A Mfadame Celste. THIS EVENING will be presented LIKE AND UNLIE. Chsracters by gmessr. BW ebster Wrigbt, P. Bedford, C. Selby, Garden, Moreland Henry; Mladame Ce'leste. UMssWyodham.Miss Ledlaw, ±0. Afterwheih. URGENT PRIVATE AFFAIRS. To concIude with HOWl'S YOUR UJNCLE? ROYAL OLYhLPIC THEATRE, Lessee, Mr. Alfred Wilan. THIS EVEN1NG will be presented STILL WATERS BtN DEEP. John Mlldmay, Mr. A.Wiran : Mrm. Hector Sternhold, lrs. Stirling. Toconcludeuith THE DISCREET PRINCESS. Characters byMtesars. F. Robson, Emery, Dauvero, H.Cooper.White, Clifton; MissesjuliaSt. George,Ternan,3tarston. hIakell, and Stephens. Commence at I pagt7. THEATRE ROYAL. SADLER'S-WELS, Under the Mlanagement of Mdr. George A..Webeter. THIS VENI'hG rill be presented BELPHEGOR. THE MOUNTEBANK; or, The Pride of Birth. Belphegor, Mr. C. DDilon; Fanfaronade. hMr. J. Rogers, Madeline, mrs. C. Dillon. To conclude with RAUSING TH1E WIND. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessees, Messrs. Shepherd and Creswick. THIS EVENING will be presented HOW WE rIVE UN THE WORLD OF LONDON. CharctersbyMeszrsShepherd,.A.Calvert, J. IL Rickards, Widdicoeib, ±c.; Misses Marriott, '. Sanders, &e. After vwhich, 3.Hanlor's Performances. To be followed by SARAHS YOUNG MA. To conclude with THE TWO POLTS. ASTLEYS ROYAL AM1PHITHEATRE, Lessee and Manager, Mr. NY. Cooke. THIS EVENING will be presented MIAZEPPA AND THE WILD HORSE. Alter which, Scenes in the Circle, with Miss Rate Cooke, &c. To conclude with aNational Steeplechase. TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of !The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5id. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amended reguqilations of the Post-office (No. 00) lhe Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous comrunnications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. 90The publicationofTraTnrs commenced at 5 o'clock ouSaturda7 morning, and finished at 20 minutes to l0.
LONDONf, MIONDAY, APJIL 28, 185. The restoration of peace seems likely to develope the secrets of the war. The opportunities which the intercourse of the allies and their late opponents affords will be freely seized for discussing not only the facts, but the possibilities, of the campaign that has terminated. Our Crimean correspondent gave us in the letter which we published last Saturday an interesting sketch of the Russian commentaries on the allied tactics, as well as revelations of their own. Doubtless, as these communications become more frequent and more unreserved, the disclosures will also become more striking, until we shall learn not only wlhat took place in the enemy's garrison at each particular stage of the war, but also what they expected us to do, and what tlley thought we might have attemptedwith everyprospect of success. These revelations are not altogether satisfactory. They confirm the impression already received, that our Generals omitted to profit by opportunities which would have opened to us at the time the gates of Sebastopol ; that they did not avail themselves of successes already achieved; and that at moments when a deliberate audacity might have won everything they were inert, inaceive, and undecided. These are comments made after the event, but they are made by the men to whom our inactivity was enormous gain. They are worthy of attention as the admissions of an enemy, showing how he might have been sooner beaten. They are also calculated to inspire some thought'ulness on the science of war in general, and the study of it among ourselves in particular. War is not only a game of skill, but one of chances, lucky hits, and licky blunders. It differs from other sciences in this :-While they are perpetually testing their traditionary rules by practical application its rules and maxims can only be put to the test of infrequent and occasional experiment. The experience which has been gained in one war is lost before the commencement of another, and the practice which is required to give effect to theory can only be acquired by repeated labour and much time. Agair., there is so much that is purely local and occasional in its incidents and exigencies that no general rLiles, however methodically deduced or clearly formalized, can supply the want of tact, observation, and originality. Tnis may, indeed, be predicated of all professions which require special knowledge and training, but in no other profession do there occur so many of those critical embarrassments and unforeseen conjunctires which defy the application of maxims and precedents as in that of arms. Given the number of the enemy, his present dispositions, his immediate resources, and the character of the country, there still is much to be left to the inspiration or the fortune of the moment; and in no other profession are the effects of ignorance, incapacity, or ill fortune so widely injurious, so deplorably fatal, as in this. Half a dozen wrong judgments and a score of rLined families probably measure the extreme mischievousness of the most unfit judge. Half a hundred patients prematurely despatched are the utmost sacrifice permitted to the ignorance of the most bluidering practitioner. But, one campaign mismanaged, one siege botched, even one battle lost, may make all the difference between the honour and the shame, the safety and tlle peril, the freedom and the subjection, of a whole nation. It were useless now to fight the campaign over again on paper, but it is not unprofitable to consider the criticism of the men to whom we have been opposed, and who acknowledge themselves to have been beaten. Their first strictures are directed against the inertness which forbade the allies to enter Sebastopol immediately after the battle of the Alma. In confessing the facility of such an achievement they merely echo an opinion which we have frequently expressed. Sebastopol was nearly denuded of troops, and resistance appeared hopeless. The Russian generals despaired, and the inhabitants were in constern.ation. At such a time a rapid-march and a vigorous assault might have carried all before them. So far the Russian criticism is correct. We did not do that which at the time might have been done, and which would have produced a great impression, not only on Russia, but also on all Europe; but it may fairly be questioned whether the ultimate result of the whole campaign would have been more favourable to us than it actually has been. The allied army would have occupied the southern portion of Sebastopol. It would have been exposed to a terrible fire from the northern forts, from the fleet in the harbour, and from a besieging force on land. Its condition would have been nearly the same as was that of the Russian army within Sebastopol, with the addition of a besieging fleet, Having no com- snunication with its. own fleet, it is doubtful-if- it could have maintained such a position. Asrit vas, the siege of Sebastopol by -the allies narrowed the area of the contest. It became, in fact, the war. It concentrated all the. energies of the allied forces just at tha. one spot where they had the- freeest communication with the sea and the greatest command of fresh reinforcemeats and supplies. It drained to that one spot the resourees of Russia,-men, and arms, and provisions. imposed upon her soldiers the inevitable necessity of painful and deadly marches from the interior. It laid the scene of battle in that locality where, so to speak, the Russian army was further removed from the Russian capital than the allied army was from London and Pans, and it. made the fate of Sebastopol the issue of the -war itself. So far, therefore, as the end justifies the plan, the conduct of the allied generals would be entitled to commendation rather than censure. We mean, of course, if there were any preconceived plan at all, and the whole operation were not merely the accidental decision of a moment, or the tentative solution of a dilemma. But if, in coming to this determination, Lord RAGLAw and General CAnOBERT showed general. ship and foresight, it is clear that at another period of the siege their successors showed themselves most deficient in those qualities. We will not pause over the unhappy reminiscences of the 18th of June. It was after the failure of that deplorable day had been repaired, on the 8th of September, that the greatest remissness was exhibited. Why were not the northern forts carried as well as the southern I It is as clear now from the admissions of the Russians as it then was to every real soldier in the camp that, had the attempt been made, it must have succeeded, and the Russians expected that it would be made. It may be said that there was no certain information respecting the state of the hostile army or its power of resistance, but in every war there is much that cannot be ascertained with precision. The ignorance or partial knowledge of facts is one of the tests of military aptitude and military daring. It is not when every circumstance is fairly mapped down in legible characters that the ingenuity or boldness of a commander is shown ; it is rather in inferring from the known to the iuknown, and acting promptly at once upon a sagacious conjecture, that the most eminent generals exhibit their highest merit. True that sometimes, even after the most minute examination and with the most logical induction, they may be led into error. But it may be laid down as a maxim that where a general combines diligence in collecting data with promptness of action, he rarely fails to make that fortune which the ancients regaTded as the special attribute of greatness. We fear that the war which has just ended has not developed these virtues in the generals of the allied army. It is, however, consoling to remember that; they have received no striking Mlustration from the conduct of the hostile commanders. Indeed, we should be oniy too glad to think that in each of the armies engaged there had been displayed the same want of military science and military genius. As for the latter quality, very little of it has been seen on either side during the past campaign. But this is but a poor assuagement for oiur national self-love. If others have shown no genius, they have at least shown prudence, ordinary precaution, and adherence to recognized rules. They have not lost men and horses in a ratio of disproportionate excess; they have not added to the common fatality of war the fatality arising fromu carelessness an,' mismanagement. They have not impaired the streugtbh of a fine army tlll it was compelled to abandon its allotted portion of the labours of the siege, and transfer its anticipated glories to an ally. But these things have.been done on our side, and the bitter remembrance of them finds no oblivion in the honours showered on Generals whose only claim to distinction it is that even their mismanagement could not -vanquish the heroic endurance, of their army, or deprive it altogether of victory, though they robbed it of its just fruits.
It can hardly be expected that a Parliamentary debate should be marked by the same calm searching after truth that pervades a judicial inquiry. Every man engaged has, directly or remotely, an interest in the result; the advocates on either side are also judges; and, so far from those with whom tbe decision rests having approached the discussion free from bias, it is generally the case that persons who have formed strong opinions make up the majority of the voters. But we trust that the Houise of Commons will, in the forthcoming debate on the fall of Kars, consider itself to be performing judicial functions. The question is not one of domestic politics or merely present interest. It has been discussed in every capital of Europe, and the memory of it will remain long after living legislators are in the grave, and most of the controversies of this age are forgotten. The matters to be spoken of concern also the allies with whom we have shared the plans, dangers, and sufferings of two years' warfare. The ability and good faith of foreign Governments, the reputation of foreign Generals, must in some degree be involved in the accusation against our own Ministers, since decisions have been made and plans carried out after consultations in which each nation has had a share. There never was an occasion when charges advanced merely in the spirit of party should be more discouraged, when the Eouse should be more mindful that it represents the nation, and not its factions. The public is dispassionate and wants only the truth; the European world is looking on with interest, and will criticize freely; the discussion is retrospective, and resembles a judicial investigation ; everything demands a tlue and well-weighed verdict. The charges against Government will probably relate, firstly, to the alleged neglect in not inducing the PORTX to send early in the summer a large relieving army to Asia; and, secondly, to the omission to supply the Turks throughout the campaign with money and materials of warfare. Now, with respect to OMRn PAsHA and his expedition to Redout Kaleh there is a great deal to be said. There is hardly any one who has not been pronounced blameable; OsrA PASHA himself, the Ottoman PonRT, the French and English Governments, the French and English Generals, have had their critics; but a short examination will, we think, show that no serious ground for censure exists. It must be remembered what was the state of affairs in the Crimea vhen General WmiLLis, after maldng the best of his brief period of authority, had thrown a supply of provisions into Kars, had taken his stand, and was awaiting tho attaek of MourAvtjvn, whose. troops were slowly closing round. At that time the conflict before Sebastopol was at its crisis. Aliernate triumph andc discouragement met the I besiegers. The Mlamelon had been taken on the 7th of June, but a bloody repulse had checked our arms on the 18th. The French had begun the work of sapping up to the Malakhoff, which, after nearly three months' toil, produced the crowning victory of September. The eyes of the whole world were fixed on the Crimea. Discontent and irresolution had made themselves heard in the British Parliament, and on the continent there were doubts of our success both among well-wishers and enemies. The fate of Bars, though of high importance, was not to be comparedc with.±theinterests at stake before Sebaatopol. If, then, the French and English Generals thought that by the suibt ation of a large Turkish force the allied rear would be imperfectly guarded, they -were justified in opposing any plan for the withdrawal. It is a military question, and -there is no reasof to doubt the propriety of the' judgment. But long previous to- the investment the British Government had shown its solicitude for the army in Asia. The fears of the Cabinet seem, indeed, to have painted the danger in deeper colours than it deserved. That Eara and. Erzeroum might fall, that Armenia- might be conquered, that the road to Constantinople might lie open to the enemy, were the visions by which Lord CrLAxMoy and his colleagues were disturbed at the first news of MOURAvInmS operations. The blue-book shows plainly the interest with which the Foreign Secretary had watched from the commencement General WmA eIS'S career, and the earnestness with which he had denounced his wrongs. But at the first appearance of more serious danger our Government appears to have been on the alert. Ministers are at once in communication with the French Government and the POrTE. It is agreed that a force of Turks shall be despatched to Asia, but there are differences of opinion as to the troops to be employed and the point of debarcation. And here it is not the :Home Government which lias cause to be ashamed of its decision. O0:A PAsHA, inactive in the Crimea, was anxious for the command in Asia. In July he suddenly left his army and hurried to Constantinople. A plan was then formed for landing a Turkish army on the east coast of the Black Sea, forcing the Suramin Pass, and threatening Tiflis. This, it was said, would at once recall MOuRAVI1FF to the defence of his 'own territory. Part of the invading force should, it was suggested, be composed of the Anglo-Turkish Contingent, then newly raised, and assembled to the number of a few thousand in a camp on the Bosphorus. To both of these propositions Lord CLARESIDON makes the strongest objections. He is of opinion that such a diversion would be hazardous, and little likely to effect its object; he also thinks-and Lord PAN3=sE in a despatch to GeneralmvrmA confirms his -viewsthat the Contingent, placed within a few weeks under strange officers, ignorant of the Turkish jtongue, with no transport, and. with an ill-organized commissariat, could not be with safety thrown on the coast of a semi-barbarous country, without magazines or any basis of operations. Whether these views were just or not it is for the world to decide. The allied Generals in the Crimea seem to have been not unnaturally absorbed in the work before them,and to have taken little account of Kars. Bat it certainly seems strange that at Constantinople itself such apathy should have prevailed. On the l5th of July Colonel SnimoNs writes to Lord CmLARNDow that the Generals and Admnirals, "having received no information from their re"spective Ambassadors which should lead them "to believe that the affairs of Asia were in a pre" carious state, had decided that in the absence of "such information they could give no opinion?' on O0AA PAsla's proposals for departure. Hence it seems that both Ambassadors and Generals were strangely indifferent to what was passing, and that it was really the Governments at home that felt7most the importance of the crisis. It was not until the fall of Sebastopol that the resistance of Generals PELI5ssir and Snmsoi to the departure of the Turkish army could be overcome. So impressed was the latter with the necessity of keeping up the covering army to its full strength, that he actually protested against the Contingent being stationed at Balal;ava, because he considered it not sufficiently organized. There remains another point of accusation. It is said that the British Government should have furnished money and materials to the Turkish armies. This censure will come with little grace from men who opposed and nearly defeated the Turkish loan. In supplying the Ottoman Government twice -with money, 'in furnishing transport for the conveyance of 50,000 men across the Black Sea in two months, in taking 20,000 Turks into British pay, the Government seems to have done all that might fairly be expected to relieve the financial burdens of the Ottoman State. In fact, when O3rAR PAsHA set off on his expedition to Souchum Kaleh it was English vessels which again carried his troops. All that Turkey did or could ask was done by our own and the French Government, and there seems no reason to believe that any further largesses would have made a difference in the results wlhich are now to be discussed. On the whlole, though -we deplore the disastrous event, and are not blind to. mistakes which any one can now point out, we tlhink there is no case against the home Government. It is certainly to be regretted that Kars was not more completely provisioned, that the Turkish armies were not more ably and. honestly led, and that at last O3rAn PAsnA made a campaign oni the Phasis, instead of an advance towards Erzeroum. But the first of these misfortunes is to be attributed chiefly to the delinquencies of a diplomatist on the spot, whose conduct was at the time censured in the strongest terms by the home Government; the inefficiency of SELIM PASE. is the natural product of Turkish misrule; and. as for the strategy of O-MAR PASIrA, we find that our Government was far from having any part in it. Although', therefore, we are glad that this unhappy event is to be fully discussed, we think that Government may justly demand an acquittal, and say that, although Rars may have fallen through causes not inevitable, guilt or incompetence cannot fairly be brought home to them.
Colonel TuThocH has summed up his case before the Chlelsea Commissionern, and this day Lord Luc,tx is to be heard in reply. A great advantage has been preserved to Lord LucAu by this arrangement, and this advantage he has enjoyed throughout. To him it has been allowed to select such points for argument as he thought most fit,to open and to conclude the proceedings. The most important -witnesses examined have been persons who were witnesses to-day, but who to-morrow, in their turn, might stand in need of Lord LucAx's testimony in their favour. Another class of evidence has been that of various officers who look to the Horse Guards for advancement in their profession. Now that cool judgment has resumed its seat, and that they are in a position to calculate personal consequenes, it is marvellous what a difference is found between the tone of their evidence and that which they delivered in the Crimea before the Commissioners, when surrounded by the corpses of dead men and the carcases of dead horses. Then, if Nature denied, indignation supplied them with eloquence of. that highest class which deals with facts. Months, however, have elapsed since that time. They are no longer exasperated men, wandering about unhorsed in face of an untaken Sebastopol, but resplendent soldiers, tricked out with every circumstance of military splendour, and with the dreadful consciousness before them that the MIalakhoff in St. James's Park has not as yet been carried by assault. Not only are they delivering their testimony in the immediate presence of the Court, of Lord PAN3nxu, and of Lord RAIBA s &3, but, every social influence which may sway their judgment or influence their feelings has been brought to bear upon them, and not without success. An assemblage of the brightest ladies who ever encouraged gal- lant warriors with their smiles, or chilled, them with their frowns, -may daily be seen in Chelsea Hospital, under cover of the Blenheim i Sagas. They aa e -the :Wives, lthe sis te, -tlhe daughters, the friends of-the offilers'who eIcnduct has been rudely challengeda by the Crimean Comm3ssioners. Hfad the gentlemen whom theyprotect played their part as well in the Crimea as their fair defenders have played theirs at Chelsea,-the Hospital might have been left to its pensioners and its solitude. Poor Colonel Tunzocn has to struggle on as best he may, with the public opinion of his audience dead against him; and yet so great on Friday was the effect of his simple statement, that when it was concluded mxurmurs of applause arose almost on every ! side, which were, of course, instantly and very properly repressed. Never did man undertake a more thanliless or a more difficult task. For his opponents testimony was poured forth from flowing and abounding lips; on his side it required almost a surgical operation to extract the statement of the simplest fact from the military witnesses. The testimony previously delivered in the Crimea was treated as a matter of small account, although that testimony had been leisurely delivered, and, when committed to paper, the reports had been forwarded to the several witnesses. This was done with the request that they would alter it by addition or subtraction, at their pleasure,-in fact, that they would do with it whatsoever they deemed right, provided that when returned to the Commissioners it represented their real opinions. This was done; but, alas! lhow startling is the difference between' the evidence delivered in the Crimea over the skeletons of dead horses and the evidence delivered at Chelsea before a living War Minister and a Commander-in-Chief ! The truth is that Colonel TuiocH his been driven to rely entirely upon cross-examination and the blunders of his opponents for his justification. 13ut for Sir Ex)nnc Lyon?s's unfortunate desire to address the Court on his own account, and to contribute his nite to the apotheosis of the late Lord RAGLAw, we might, as far as his testimony went, have been left to the conclusion that really Colonel TurLocH was a very unreasonable man when he suggested that with the assistance of ships? carpenters shelter miight have been provided for the horses of the cavalry. All this part of the gallant Admiral's evidence was withering to a degree. Not a carpenter couldhave been spared from the fleet without fearful danger to the ships. It turned out afterwards, however, when the Admiral was interested in proving the good understanding which existed between the two services, that Captain HEATH had, without the smallest difficulty, and with only 30 or 40 seamen, under a boatswain, erected shelter for 300 mules. Theoperation was attended with the most perfect success. In the same way Sir RicaARmD AiE's line of defence consisted in an elaborate attempt to " cut" the Conmissioners. To him their arrival was a trifling and unimportant event in the history of the campaign. He had heard, indeed, that they were passing backwards and forwards in the camp, but what was that to him in the midst of his far more important avocations? He gave, for his own part, a few general and superficial answers to their inquiries. He had no idea that the Commissioners " had a leaning any way, nor an intention to " implicate any one." Had he thounght that the slightest blame was imputed, he would have gone fully into the matter and set the Commissioners right at once. Nothing could have been easier. SirRICH.AsD would have taken a quiet canter after lunch vith the Comnmissioners over the cavalry ground, and ten words of explanation would have set the whole matter to rights; but these gentblemen were so hasty ! Now, is it oredible that a man in the position of Sir RicHARD Aray should have attempted so grossly to mislead the Court when it is upon record that he was perfectly a-ware of the importance of the questions which had been addressed to himn-when he had absolutely declined to answer those questions in an off-hand manner, and had required time for consideration ? Such, however, is the fact. On Friday last Colonel Tunr.ocH quoted an observation of General Aa-y's to the effect that he had treated the mission of the Commissioners in a most cursorymanner, and that lhe had no idea of its importance or tendency " In reply to that observation he (Colonel Tulloch) -would band in an official letter from Colonel Gordon, as DeputyQuartermaster-General, dated June the 4th, 1855, in which, after explaining the delay which had occurred in returning the statement of his evidence sent to him by the Commissioners for revision, he went on to say hc was directed by General Airey to state, tMat as tie quei'ies addressed to Ainj woce,c 52 in number, nzearly cre-ry one of whfich contained an implied aecusation of neglect or carelessnss, he begged to deC7ine ansuering tizem in an of-hand manner, but wCOtzd rca mine cach question, and Could prepare 7his replies as soon as the duties of hi department 2vould peirnit him to do so. "The PRESYDEicr asked Colonel Gordon if he hadwritten that letter? 'Colonel Gordon repliedin the affirmative, and the letter was handed in to tEe Board." What value cau be attached to any evidence from Sir RICHARD AIRnY after a formal contradiction to his statemaents of so serious a kdnd? It is not our purpose to dwell at any length upon Colonel Tumtoci's address to the Court on F'riday last. It was simple, mianly, and straightforward, and, as we before said, elicited the applause even of that reluctant audience. We trust that in his reply Lord LucAii; will remember that the only important point at issue, so far as he is concerned, is, whether he took proper care of the men and horses confided to his charge? Did he effect all that could be effected for their preservation? He is bound to show not only that he did his duty in the Crimea, but that he did it in such a manner as to entitle him to the honour and distinction he has received. LordaLucA is charged with want of promptitude and ingenuity in devising temporary shelter for the cavalry horses. Various methods are suggested by which such shelter could have been provided; Lord LucAN, then, is bound to show that such methods were inapplicable or beyond his reach. Let him do this, and, as far as the present issue is concerned, he is, of course, clear, although, upon his own statement, it would be not a little difficult to discover which it is among his Crimean achievements which las entitled him to the favourable consideration of the Horse Guards. Let him, however, prove, if he can, that he is fee from blame, and, as times go, that negative qualification may be esteemed a sufficient warrant for the favour of the Horse Guards.
The " Police (Counties ana Boroughs) Bill," which was discussed in the House on Friday evening, furnished the usual arena for claihing statisties; and we cannot but make the prelininary remark, that speakers should define more accurately what they mean by their statistical terms. They make everything in a debate hazy, -and any unfortunate man who may, as a trial of conscience or a test of intellect, try to weigh and balance the opposing data, is pretty sure to come out of the ordeal with his head swimming, because one man means one thing and another another by the same statistical phrase. Thus, the question is whether the constabulary or the police system is better for counties, and off they aUl rush to their statistics. Lord LovAIm, the Chairman of the Police Conmittee for the County of Surrey, declares that there is much less crime in Surrey under the police system than there was before. Mr. EVELYN,. the member for West Surrey, declares that there is as mucb, if not more. Here are two-witnewses, then,- contradicting-each other as to -the st4et of flie-iiie-:&uty. But do they mean theame'Abing- y the expression, "diminution of cr5niet " Onio ineans .by " dimin-Aion of crime" that there has' `oe'eiitpn actially less number of crimes committl- and -flit is -the only correc sense in vhich-the expression can be used; though we ahouild. l;e to04now, in this case, what is the authentic- evidenco for -the fact, and in -what register or document the number of crimnaiL acts committed in a*county, as distinguished from apprehensions and conti,ions is coo±tained? But, when one -man means by the expression less actual crime, another means fewer japprehensions, another fewer convictions. Thus, 'people fight 'with words, and not with facts. The advocate of the constabulary against the police system is Mir. IIaNxsv, and his statistcs 'would have some force if they had not too much. But they are too decided; they prove too much for anything. MIr. RxNmiues Btatistics prove " that where, te psi ice is most 2iwnerous the grea kst "'number of offeues. is committed, and the aInfeint ".of detection t#e smaUlest." - Now, we can imagine it proved that the amount of cime is not dimti,iiehed by the number of police, but how it can be increased we do not exactly see. If the rural police spent their whole time in alehouses, drinking and playing at sldttles, that would account for crime not diminishing.- But fifty negligent polie.. men who did nothing would not encourage crii-me more than twenty-five policemen 4who did the same. The number of police can only add tothe number of crimes by the policemen themselves turning burglars and robbers of henroosts. Does not, then, Mr. HmcLa"s very conclusion suggest some fallacy in his statistics, or his use of thema ? Let us take his last point,. that the amount -of detection or the proportion of convictions to offence3 is smallest where there is the greaterforoe of police. In London, where there is one policeman to every 457 inhabitants, this is 1 in 41; in Gosport, where there is one to every 3,381, it is t1 in 2X. Again, in Hampshire, which is under the rural police, for 312 offenses -of sheepstealing, only 36 persons had been convicted. In Surrey, in 1851, for 684 offences, only 94 were convicted. In 1855, in the same county, for 941 offences, only 64 were convicted. . In rural Surrey again, out of -105 offences, of sheepstealing, horsestealing, &c., "'the whole number of persons con"victed amounted to thrie, 'for robbing hen" roosts." These statistics have.the proper twang about them. They are what statistics ought to be, and are as good, perhaps, as many other statistics.- But, asLordLovAm'x observed, supposing the proportion of conviction to-offence is less under the rural police than the other systerm, what does this prove? Does it show that there is more unpunished crime ? No; it may only show that there is more detected crime. Criminals - are detected in numbers and brought to trial, l-ut the evidence break. douvn and they esape. Our system of justice is peculiarly favourable to the criminal, giving him the advantage of every little flaw- in the evidence. Then it naturally follows that where detection is greater the proportion of conviction.to detection is less. But it does not follow that there is less punishment of crine. Under the old system crime went un-i punished because it was not detected. If the detective system is feeble it naturally follows that only those crimes are detected which are committed with extraordinary openness, boldness, and indiffereijee to risk; and such crimes, of course, are of easy and certain conviction. N6 thanks, then, to the - system, if it does effect a greater proportion of conviction to detection. This is only a sign of its feebleness and inefficiency. But, says Mr. HENaix, the actual amount of detection, or apprehension is less under the police system. " In lampshire, for 312 offences, only "45 are apprehended." " In Surrey, for -36 "offences of housebrealing, no cue -was appre" hended; for 21 cases of horse and sheep stealing "only 7 were apprehended." Well, but we do not understand AUr. HEuxy. He first charges the police system with an extraordinary and too large an amount of detection; that it detects persons, in fact, unjustly and indiscriminately, and brings them to trial, when it cannot in the event prove the offence. . He then says that it detects too little, and suffers criminals to go unapprehended. Mfr. 11-\-Lmy is pathetic on the subject of large detection. Re thinks it an important question, which ought to be attended to. The liberty of the citizen is invaded, and ERn MIAEiTYxs innocent unoffending subjects are driven in hundreds by the police to be tried for crimes which, as the verdict of the- jury proves, they never really committed.' "He was not a ' Liberal,' but he did not under"stand this wholesale apprehension of persons if "no crime were committed." No more do we. But it does not follow that "no crime was " committed" because it was not proved. The truth is, that any considerable improvement in our system of detection does come somewhat into collision with our system of trial, our herelitary and national ruIe of indulgence to the criminal at the bar. If the latter system is lenient, it may easily follow that a system of detection may be too active to harmonize with it, and that one part of our whole judicial executive may be out of proportion with another. For one amendment, however, adopted by Sir GEORGE GREY, the country has reason to be obliged to Mr. H:ms-the amendment, viz., which provides that " when any constable shall apprehend "any person without warrant, in any part of Eng"land or Wales, other than the county, borough, town, or district for which he shall have been "appointed a constable, he shall forthwith convey "such person to the nearest justice of the peace, "to be dealt with according to law; and any -war"rant or order of any justice of the peace for any "county or borough may be executed in any-other "county or borough in England or Wales without "the same being backed or endorsed by any "justice of such other county or borough in "which the same may be so executed." Our criminal system has too long suffered from these border difficulties, and has forgot, in its consideration for local jurisdictions and authorities, the unity of national justice. It has oper3ted as a constant check on the apprehension of a criminal, that by crossing the county boundarv-some narrow stream, or lane, or hedgerowt-he has been enabled to turn round and laugh in the face of the puruing constable, whose jurisdiction ends there. Another constable had then to be roused, and disengaged from the plough or the cartwheel, or the huckster's shop, and sent in pursuit. Meanwhile, the thief was off. This was the way in which our anoestors managed justice, but it is strangely out of keeping witn modern ideas and the rationale of government. Every magistrate and every constable in the country is the officer of our central Government, and as such his powers ought to have no local limit whatever, except such as expediency suggests. It is only wonderful that we should have tolerated the old system of exclusively local jurisdiction so long, and that in days when railways makle one county of Cumberland and Cornwall the mere boundary of a brook; or a stile should hare been allowed to shackle our administration of justice. TiM NATAL REvunw.-The High Sheriff of Suffolk (Mr. . Axcedeckne) chartered steam al, the Iberia> for the purpose of conveying ppartes to the- uaval reniew. The fare as fixed at 2h 2s. per head, an&a surplwi of 51. was derived from the Deculation. It fk proposed to appropriate this sum tol lo taIh e pu ;
-LATEST -INTELLIGENCE-. THE RATIFICATION OF THE 7 7 TREATY OF PEACE. (:^ SUB MARIE AD BPTLS T GELGRAPH.) -We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Paris. correspondent -*" PARIS, SUN*DAY, AI'I.L 27, 7 F.Br. ; The Pienipotentiaries of the Congress of Paris *net to-day at 3 o'clock at the M1inistry of Foreign Affirir, and proceeded to the exchange of the ratifications of the Treaty of Peace. " The Mfoniteur will publish the treaty and the annexed documents on Tuesday. "The Treaty will be communicated to-morrow to the Senate and to the Legislative Body. " 1. Cavour left for Turin this morning."
THE TREATY OF PEACE (BY SU3SAXIYE AND BnMSH TEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic deepatch from our Berlin correspondent.- , BER=I, SuNDtY, APPaL 27. "The Dresden Journal Dublishes the entire text ~of the Treaty of Peace, including Articles 5 to 8, not hitherto published. "The substance of these articles is "'An amnesty for compromised subjects (of Mussia ?). " I The admission of the Ottoman Porte into the; concert of European States. - " ' The guarantee of the independence and in- t4egrity of the Ottoman empire. "I' In differences between the Porte and the - other contracting Power (Russia ?), should the other :Powers intervene, an additional article provides that the Dardanelles shall not be closed for ships intro*ducing troops."'
TEE OVERLAND AIL. INDIA AND CHINA. (BY SUBARIX-E AND BRITISH EGRAPiH.) We have received the following telegraphic der.patch from Trieste - " TRIESTE, SATurDfy, ArRiL 26. " The steamer Bombay arrived here this day at noon, in 135 hours from Alexandria, which port she left on the 20th. " The India and China mails left Alexandria on the 20th inst., with dates from Calcutta to the 23d of March, Bombay to the 3d of April, Shanghai to the 11th of March, and Hongkong to the 16th of 3Tarch. "The Santals are perfectly subdued. "COade is tranquil, and the King has left Lucknow, on his wvay to England. " Prome has been destroyed by fire. " Persia is quiet. c Trade in India has improved. Freights are firm. Exchange at Bombay, 2s. 2d. ; at Calcutta, Ts. 2id. " At Calcutta indigo was in most active demand, -with reduced stocks. " The prices of imports have declined. "An extensive fire had taken place at Hong-kong. " The Imperialists in China have sustained a defeat, and the rebellion is most active at Kiang-si. "The firm of Nye Brothers and Co. has failed. "The Chinese at Shanghai refuse Mexican -dollars. xchange at Canton, 4s. Ild.; at Shanghai, Gs. 4d."
THE EAST. (BY suBYAuuYE AND BnnaSH TLEGBAPIE.) W e have received the following telegraphic de-spatch from our MIarseilles correspondent:- " MAXSRTL.TEFS, SATUID.AY, APRIL 26,12 30 P.:L "The Thabor has arrived with advices from Constantinople of the 17th, and from the Crimea of the 15th inst. "She has broug,ht 145 military men, but no sick. "The Indian mail has arrived. "The despatches leave together at 1 p.m." We have received the Moniteur of yesterday. It -does not contain any news of interest.
THE TBEATY OF PEACE. (From the Obscrncr.) The ratifications of the treaty of peace will be exchanged Bsat Paris to-day, just four weeks after the treaty of peace was signed in that city by the plenipotentiaries of the Euro. pean States. On to-morrow the ratified treaty wvill be received by our -Government, and orders will be immediately issued for the proclamation of peace, the general thanksgivings, and the 20 less general rejoicings for -which every preliminary preparation has been already made. The grand proclamation will be made by the Earl Wdarshal (the Dike of -Norfolk) in the leading public placeF, nccompanied by the heralds and attendants, with all due solemnity. The treaty and all its adjuncts will be duly published and communicated to both Houses of Parlia3ment. The order for the proclamation of peace by the Earl 3Warshal of England will be by sign manual of the Queen. The Day of Thanksgiving will be settled by the Queen in CounciL The general rejoicings will be arranged by the Secretary of State and the municipal authorities. The precedent of former d.ays will be followed in the programmo to be observed on the present occasion. The ratified treaty will be received to-morrow, and all the -customary proceedings will follow in due course, and with-rut any unnecessary delay.
THE SEARCH FOB SIR J. FRANELI. ADMIRALTY, AR'm 25. Her Majesty's Government having consideredit expedient that their acknowledgment and approval of the services rendered by Mr. Grinnell, of lNew York, in fitting out at his own e-pense an expedition in search of the late Sir -John Franklin, and by Dr. Kane, who conducted, and by the officers and men who were engaged in the exedition, .should be accompanied by a handsome present, a, ver vase w.as forwarded for presentation to Mr. Grinnell, a silver tea service and salver for Dr. Kane, gold medals for Dr. Kane ,and the other officers, and silver medals for the crew; the -whole of the articles bearing suitable inscriptions. The following letter from Mr. Grinnell, in acknowledgsnent of the present, has been forwarded by Her Mfajesty's 3linister at Washington to Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Afiirs. " New York, March 18. "Sir,-I have already acknowledged the receipt of your letter of the 8th inst. "I have now to acknowledge the receipt of a magnificent silver vase, which Her Britannic Majesty's Government has -seen fit to bestow on me as a memorial of its estimation of my acts relating to the Arctic search for Sir John Franklin -and his party. "You will please to comnmunicate to your Government my acceptance of the vase, and that I highly appreciate it; I shall hold it not only for the object intended, but,as a testimronial of the magnanimous spirit of your great and dilorious country. 1With great consideration I am, Sir, truly your friend, " HENRY GItNNELL. "John F. Crampton, Esq."
A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afteraioon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. The Ministers present were-Viscount Palmerston, the lord ChanceUor, the Mlarquis of Lanlsdowne, Earl GranNiile, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, MIr. Secretary Labouchere, lord Panmire, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. 3l. T. Baines, and the Duke of Argyll. The Coun'cil sat three hoiurs and three-quarters. The Earl of Derby has called a meeting of his " party" at his house in St. James's-square, and lord Palmerston has reqitested the LiberaI memibers of the Legislature to meet him to-day at 1 o'clock, at his residence, 144, Piccadilly. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledge3 the receipt of the counterparts of the notes for 201., formnciaimed income-tax, from Z. Y. X. The Queen has signified her intention to bestow the two vacant garters upon LordP31momtoa and 1kr
TEE CENTBAL AMER WAN QUESTION. A blue-book of more than 300 pages has teen presented to both Houses of Parliament relative to the so-caUed Central American question. It con- i sists of 189 despatches, but the whole question is very ably resumed in Lord Clarendon's note (No. 176) in reply to a statement drawn up by Mr.: tuchanan, giving the views of the United States? I Government as to the engagements contracted by I Great Britain, under the treaty of 1850, as regards the Mosquito Protectorate, the British settlement of Belize, and the Island of Ruatan. The other despatches refer to the negotiations previous to the Buiw;er-Clayton Treaty, to the occupation of Tigre Island, to the Cyane affair at Greytown, to the alleged insultto the American flag by the commander of Her IMajesty's brig-ofwar Express, and to the various attempts at a satisfactory settlement of all questions relatingto the proposed route; and to Central American affairs generally. The concluding despatches relate to the '" proposed arbitration." Lord Clarendon states (No. 186) that, the offer to refer to arbitration the interpretation of the treaty of 1850 had been made by him in the most formal nianner by direction of the Cabinet. The explanations relative to this point appeared in The Times of the 14th of March. T'he concluding despatch (No. 189) refers more especialy to Ruatan. In it Mr. Crampton informs. Lord Clarendon (under date of March 31, 1856) that Mlr. Clayton was informed by Sir Henry Bulwer, before the treaty of 1850 was signed, that Ruatan was de jur e and d/e facto a British possession; and that Mlr. Clayton had, on various occasions since, in conversation with him (AMr. Crampton), stated that he considered Ruatan as much a British possession as Jamaica, or any other British West Indian island. The following is the important "note' bv Lord Clarendon mentioned above, - and which may be considered a full statement of the case of the English Government -1 "` No. 17G. "STvxrTEnrT TO MR. BUCIIAXUA. "The substance of the caso submitted to Her Majesty's Government by M1r. Buchanan may be briefly stated as follows:- "1. That Great Britain, prior to April, 1850, was 'in possession of the whole coast of Central America, from the Itio Hondo to the Port and Harbour of San Juan de Nicaragua, except th,t portion of it between the Sarstoon and Cape Honduras, together with the adjacent HIonduras island of Ruatan.' ";2. That the Government of the United States does not understand under what title Great Britain, having abandoned the greater part of these possessions in 1786, resumed them subsequently; nor does it know precisely at what period the protectorate of Great Britain over Mosquito was re-established, the first intimation which the United States Government had received on the subject being from an American agent in 1842; and that, moreover, Captain Bonnycastle, and otherauthorities, had never represented the Mlosquito shore as extending as far as the river and town of San Juan de Nicaragua, which latter the Spaniards had considered a place of much importance, and the key tothe Americas. " 3. Taat it appears to the United States' Government that Spain. in virtue of the treaty of 1786, had a right to object to Great Britain establishing herself on the Mosquito coast, or assuming the protectorate of Mosquito; and that Great Britain had by her treaty with Mexico recognized that the former colonies of Spain stood in the same position with respect to other States as Old Spain heself, and inherited the advantages of the ancient treaties of the mother country; that the United States' Government had always contested the claim of Great Britain to all the possessions held by her in Central America, with the exception of that portion of the settlement of Belize which is situate between the Ric Rondo and the Sibun; that it had always resisted the right of Great Britai to establish a protectorate over the Mosquitos; and that it had learnt with great surprise and regret that the British forces had, in 1848, expelled the Nicaraguan authorities, which held the port and town of San Juan de Nicaragua in virtue of the old Spanish rights, and had then hoisted thereupon the flag of the Iosquitosf " 4. That Mr. Mfource, when Precident of the United States, had, in 1823, announced in a public message to Con. gress that the American continents were not henceforth to be considered subject to colonization by European Powers. "5. That no claim on the part of Great Britain to act in the name or under the authority of the Mosquito Indians could be well founded, inasmucL as that race, even if never conquered by Spain, were savages who, according to the practice and principles of all European nations which had ever acqmred temtory on the continent of America, had no title to rank as independent States in the territory they occupied, but had a claim to mere occupancy thereon, such territory being the dominion of the discoverer of it, or even of the discoverer of territory on the same continent, though far distant from it, by whom alone this claim to mere occupancy onthe part of the Indians was to be extinguished by purchase as the advances of the White settlements rendered It necessary. " And, finally, that Great Britain, having declared by treaty in 1850 that she would neither colonize, fortify, occupy, nor assume dominion over Mosquito or Central America, wvas thereby, at all events, bound to withdraw her protection from the people and territory of the Mosquitos, and moreover to deliver up Ruatan, which was an island belonging to Honduras, a Central American State, but which, nevertheless, had recently been colonized and occupied by Great Britain. " Such are the main points brought forward by Mir. Buchanan in the statement which he has delivered to Her Majesty's Government. " If, in speaking of the possessions held by Great Britain previous to 1850 on the coast of Central America (the settlement of Belize excepted), Mr. Buchanan means that his expressions should apply to that district which is called the Mosquito country, it is proper that Her Majesty's Government should at once state that Her Majesty has never held any possessions whatsoever in the Mosquito country. But, although Great Britain held no possessions in the Mosquito country, she undoubtedly exercised a great and extensive influence over it as the protecting ally of the Mosquito King; that King or chief having occasionally been even crowned at Jamaica under the auspices of the British authorities. "The United States' Government will it is apprehended, scarcely expect that Great Britain should enter into any ex;planation or defence of her conduct with respect to acts committedby her nearly 40 years ago, in a matter in which no right or possession of the United States wasinvolved. " 1'he Government of theUnited States would, it is conceived, he much and justly surprised if the Government of Great Britain were now to question the propriety of any of its own long past acts by which no territorial right of Great Britain had been affected; nor would the American people consider any justification or explanation of such acts to foreign States consistent withthe dignity and independent position of the United States. " The Government of the United States, therefore, will not be surprised if the Governmentof GreatBritain abstains on this occasion from entering into anything which might appear an explanation or defence of its conduct with regard to its long-established protectorate of the Mosquitos. "W With respect to any right, or any interference, on the part of the Government of Old Spain on the subject of the Mlosquito protectorate, it must be observed that since the peace of 1815 that Government has never raised any question with respect to this protectorate ; and as for Great Britain having by her treaty with Mexico recognized, as a principle, that the engagements between herself and Spain were necessarily transferred to every fraction of the Spanish monarchy which now exists, or may exist, on a distinct and independent basis, Her Majesty's Government must entirely deny this assumption. Great Britain, in her treaty with MIexico, simply stipulates that British subjects should not be worse off under Mexico, indeDendent than under Mexico when a Spanish province. It was natural, in recognizim the independence of Mexico, that Great Britain should make such a stipulation; but the fact of her doing so rather proves that she thought a special stipulation necessary, and that she did not conceive that she would have enjoyed under any general principle the privilege she bargained for; and this stipulation, as indeed the treaty itself, is a proof that Mexico was not considered as inheriting the obligations or rights of Spain. "But, admitting that it may in some cases be expedient, although not obligatory, to recognize the rights and obligations of Old Spain as vested in the new Spanish-American States; and allowing that, in conformity with that policy, Great Britain might have thought proper to receive, concerning Mosquito, the resmonstrances of those neighbouring republics which have successively risen in America on the rums of the Spanish empire; even then it may be observed that no remonstrance was made by any of such republics for many years after the protectorate of Great Britain over Mosquito bad been a fact well known to them * and, moreover, that when such remonstrances were made, they were made with similar pretensions, not by one only, but by several of those Governments, insomuch that, if the Mosquito Indians were at this momnent withdrawrn altogether from the portion of America which they now inhabit, and if it were permitted to the States of Spanish origin to inherit, each respectively, the cLaims of their p.arent State, it wvould still be a question on which of the claimants the territory thus left unoccupled would of right devrolve; while it is certain that suc withdrawal, iwithout previous arrangements, would lead to contests alike disadvantageous to the real interests of the several States and to the general prosperity of Central Americi herself. Thus much with reference to the conduct and position of Spain and the Central American States with regard to the British protectorate in Moquito; but, with respect to the conduct and position of the United States relative thereto~ MIr. Buchanan is mistaken in thinking that the United States'Governmenthasalways contested and resisted the position assumed by Great Britain on the Mosquito coast. "It may be true that the United States were not informed of the position of Great Britain in respect to Mosquito until 1842, but they were then informed of it; and yet there is no trce of their having alluded to this question in their communicationswith Her Majesty's Government up to the end of 1849. Nay, in l850, when the President of the United States presented to Congress various papers relative to the affairs of Central America, it will be seen that, on introducing these affairs to the attention of Congress. the President's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs expressly says that the Government of Nicaragua, in November, 1847, solicited the aid of the United States' Government to rrovent an anticipated attack on San Juan by the British forces acting on behalf of the MosquitojKing,'but received no answer; that the President of Nicaragua addressed the President of the United States at the same time, and received no answer; that in April, 1848, the United States' Consul at Nicaragua, at the request Qf the Minister of Foreign Affairs of -that republic, satted the ocvupatina of an J4aa by a British force, bit was not answerid th'at -uon -tne 5th of Norember, 1848; 3± Castellon, proceeding to -London-fon Nicaragua-And then to Washington; addressed a letter tot ie United States' Secretary-of.State, soliciting his intervention with regard to the claims of Great Britain in right of the Mosquito King, and received nio iiiswer; that on the 12th of January, 1849, Mr. Bancroft, then representative of the United States to the Court of St. James, referring to M. Castellon's arrivalinLondon,andthesubject of his nission to settle the affiirs of San Juan de Nicaragua with the British Government, said:-' I think it proper to state to you my opinion that Lord Pahnerston wilnot recede. I have. of oourse, taken no part ;' and that again, in Mrarch, 3Ir. Bancroft wrote that M. Castellon would"be anxious to seek advice from the United States, but that he had always made answer to him 'that he was not authorized to- offer advice.' " It would thus seam, on the authority of the United States' Government itself, that up to the end of 1849, the lUnited States' Government had made no remark or remonstrance to Great Britain on the subject of her protectorate of Mosquito; and that even -ith respect to the capture of of San Juan de Nicaragua (now called Greytown), the United States' Minister in London was not authorized to take any steps concerning it, nor even to afford to the commissioner from Nicaragua the benefit of his counsels and good offices thereupon; and it is but right to observe that the United States' Government pursued by this course towards Her Majesty's Government that friendly and considerate policy which Her Majesty's Government always wishes to pursue, and has pursued, towards the United States' Government when that Government has had differences with other Powers. " With regard to the grounds on which Her Majesty's Government made the capture of San Juan de Nicaragua in 1848, the desire of Her Majesty's Government to avoid aU subjects of controvery on which it is not absolutely necessary to enter, restrains it from here adverting to the doctiments which stated the reasons on which -Her Majesty's Government came to the resolution it at that time adopted; and, indeed, as those documents were laid before Parliament, and communicated officially to the United States' Government, it would be superfluous now to recapitulate their contents. " With rei.ardto the doctrinelaid down by Mr. President Monroe in 1823, concerning the future colonization of the American continents by European States, as an international axiom which ou-ht to reaulate the conduct of European States, it can only%be viewed'as the dictum of the distiguished personage who delivered it; but Her Majesty's Government cannot admit that doctrine as an international axiom which ought to regulate the conduct of European States. "The doctrine with regard to the incapacity of the Indians to exercise the rights of Sovereign Powers, must also remain a doctrine on which each State which has to deal with such Indians mustbe freetoexerciseitsownpolicy and to follow the dictates of its own conscience. "It is certainly true that Great Britain, Spain, and the United States were all at one time in the habit of treating 1the Indian races in the manner which Mr. Buchanan describes; but this past practice, though general, cannot be taken as an invariable guide for any fature policy. :The period has not yet passed beyond the memory of man at which Great Britain and the United States, now so nobly distinguished in suppressino the slave trade, practised and encouraged that trade, and deemed it legitimate.- "The project of a free Republic, composed chiefly of negros fromu the Uinited States, and originally established under the enlightened and humane patronage of the United States, would have been deemed, fifty years ago, an absurd - and impossible chimera: yet Liberia exists, and now flourishes as an independent State. Already, Great Britain, in her own dealing-s with Indians, has recognised their rulers as independent chiefs; while, in her treaties with foreign Powers, she has spoken of their tribes aS nations, and stipulated for the restoration of their possessions. "Thuson all the above-mentioned topics Her MajesWs Government, without seeking to impose any.opinionson the United States' Government, claims a right to hold its owin opinions; nor does it indeed a ppear necessary, although doubtless it would be desirable, that Her Majesty's Govern- - ment and the United States' Government should be perfectly agreed with respect to them. "The one remaining subject to be discussed is, however, of a very different character. It relates to a question in which Great Britain and the United States are both directly concerned, and in regard toa which it is a matter both of honour and interest that they should avoid all misunderstandings or disagreements. "This subject is the rightful interpretation of a treaty engagement to which Great Britain and the United States are-cris Buchanan lays it down as a fact that GreatBritain held the sovereignty of the Mosquito coast prior to 1850, and he then states that Great Britain still continues to hold this sovereignty, although the treaty of 1850 prohibits her from so doing. " But Mr. Buchanan confounds the two conditions of a sovereignty and of a protectorate, and under this error. treats the agreement {not to colonize, nor occupy, nor fortify, nor assume nor exercise dominion over,' as including. an agreement not to protect. " With respect to sovereipnty, Great Britain never claimed, and does not now claim, or hold, any sovereignty in or over Mosquito; but with respect to the protectorate wvhich GreatBritai has long excercised over Mosquito, Her Majesty's Government asserts that the treaty of 18505 did not, and was not meant to, annihilate such protectorate,but simply to confine its powers and limit its influence. "Now, the spirit of a treaty must always be inferred from the circumstances under which it takes place, and the true. construction of a treaty must be deduced from the literal meaning of the words employed in its framning. " The circumstances under which the treaty of 1850 took place were the following:- " Up to March, 1849, i. e., one whole year after the capture of San Juan do Nicaragua by the British forces, the United States' Government made no observation, as it has already been stated, to the British Government, having any allusion to this act. But in November, 1849, Mr. Lawrence, then just arrived in England as the representative of the United States' Government, addressed a note to Lord Palmerston, not asking any question as to the British Protectorate of Mosquito, but requesting to know whether Her Majesty's Government would join with the United States in guaranteeing the neutrality of a ship-canal, railway, or other communication between the two oceans, to be opened to the world, and common to all nations, and whether the British Government intended to occupy or colonize Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Musquito Coast so called, or any part of Central America. To this note Lord Palmerston replied by stating that Her Majesty's Government had no intention to occupy or colonize Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Musquito Coast, nor any part of Central America, and that Her Majesty's Government would feel great pleasure in combining and co-operating with the Government of the United States for the purpose of assisting the operations of a company which might be formed witlh a view to establish a general communication by canal or railroad across the Isthmus, separating the northern and southern portions of the American continent, both by offering security for the works while in progress, and when completed and in use, and by placing such communication, through the means of political arrangements, beyond the reach of molestation, disturbance, or obstacle, by reason of international disputes which may be at any time unfor'tunately arise; upon the conditions, moreover, that such communication should at all times be open and accessible for the commerce of all nations, and on equal terms for all. "These notes, copies of which azehereunto annexed, are of great importance, inasmuch as they laid the foundation for the subsequent Convention of Washington, while they explain the nature of the feelings entertained at that timo by the United States' Government, and by the Government of Her .Majesty. "It was clear that the United States' Government, which hadzregarded the affairs :of Central America not longbefore with comparative indifference, had had its attention lately called to this part of the world by its acquisition of California and the discovery of the ore which that region was found to contain-circumstances which rendered of vast importance some safe and rapid means of communication between the possessions of the United States on the Pacific and the possessions of the United States on the Atlantic. "A project of a canal communication, moreover, through the State and Lake of Nicaragua and the River San Juan was then in contemplation, and Nicaragua had granted to a company of American citizens whatever rights it possessed over this proposed line of traffic. " Great Britain, however, by having placed a people under her protection in possession of the port and town of San Juan de Nicaragua, might exert her influence either to prevent this canal being formed, or, if she allowed it to be formed, might aim, through her protectorate, at acquiring over such canal peculiar rights or absolute control. "The Government of the United States was therefore justly anxious to know whether the British Government would favour or impede the construction of a canal by the river San Juan, and whether it would attempt to establish a predominant and permanent power over this canal, by colonizing, fortifying, occupying, or taking absolute possession of the country through which it passet "The mere protectorate of Great Britain, stripped of those attributes which affected the construction and the freedom of the proposed canal, was of small consequence to the United States; but, connected with those attributes, it was a matter of great importance. "On the other hand, Her Majesty's Government, which had just expelled the Nicaraguans from Greytown or San Juan de Nicaragua, and the country adjacent, and had formally discussed and finally rejected the claims of the Nicaraguan Government to these contested possessions, could not with honour or credit retire, at the mere interposition of the United States, from the position it had assumed, or abandon the long-established Brntish protectorate over the Mosquitos, and allow the authorities of Nicaragua to rooccupy the ground from which they had so recently been dnven. But Great Britain could clearly engage herself to the United States to do all that was required respecting the construction and protection of any canal communicacation, to be enjoyed on equal terms by all nations, and she could also limit the powers of her protectorate over Mosquito so as to remove all suspicion, or possibility of her=usig it m any manner that would place such canal communication under her exclusive authority and dominion. " Thus, when the drawing up of a treaty afterwards took place, the object of the British negotiator, and, it must be presumed, that of both negotiators, necessarily was, to draw up such a convention as, without coneding any specific pomt on which one party could not in honour yield, would make such concessions on all other points as the other party desired; and if the convention in question be referred to, it will be seen that it is drawn up carefully in such a manner as to make it a matter of indifference, so far as the canal is concerned, as to whether the port and town of San Juan are underthemodified protectorato of GreatBritain orunder tue Government of Nicaragua. Mloreover, in drawing up this treaty, both Mr. Clayton and Sir H. L. Bulwer referred to the notes which had passed between Lord Palmerston and Mr. Laurence, and even made use of the precise terms which had been there employed, from which it must of necessity be inferred that they meant to transfer to their Convention, with the words which they borrowed, the meaning which had previously been attached to those wrords in the documents from which they extracted them - and a reference to such documents will at once show itat Mr. Laurence, while he asked Her Majesty's Governmert f whetbpz it ineaut to occupy, fortify, qolqpiue. ox uW= Qz eheicise donih'ixO-`Over'Moiqmto, did 116: i'dude to the pro. -~'tectUrte ofGreai Britain over4that-cointry;-and-that-Lord *almerstinj in deecitig, that-¶ Rer Majesty's Government did not intend todo A4 - of- thcedthi'gs; express]i l6tv the Qtuestion concerning the pe4ti3c5 relations between,Great Britain and the 3losquitos linik'uched;- "So much-for the spirit which presided over the Coinveh tic-n of 1850. - "With regard to the literal meaning, this treaty declares in words that the-two;parties -'will not ogeupy, nor fortify, nor colonize. nor assume nor exercise any domzion over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Meosquito Coast, nor any part of Central America j and that neither party will 'make use of any protection which either affords or may afford,- or any. alliance which either hai or may have with any State or people for the purpose of : . . . ocoupving, fortifying, or colonizing Nicaragua, Co,sRica, the Mosquito Coast, or any part of Central America, or of assuming or exercising domnmon over the sasne.' "Mr. Buchanan says, with regard to that portion of the foregoing sentence, which -restricts the use which Great Britain or the United States might make ~of any.proteetion, which either might afford to any State or people, it has ] been said that this-article of the convention acknowledges by implication the protectorate of Great Britain over alosquito. " Now, Her Mlajesty's Government does not pretend thit in this article the United States acknowledged the aforesaid protectorate of Great Britain in Mosquito; it was ntver the intention of Majesty's Government orthat of the British negotiator, to obtain indirectly that which was not asked for openly; but it is evident that this article clearly acknowledges the possibility of Great Britain or the United States affording protection to Mosquito or any Cen.tral American State, and that the intention of the parties was not to prohibit or abolish, but to limit and restrict, such protectorate. " But supposing all mention of protection inthe treatyhad been omitted and that the question at issue merely rested on the words ' colonize, fortify, occupy, and assume or exercise dominion over,' is there any one of these terms which excludes the right of protection, although each of them limits its capability? "Defending or protecting is a temporary act of friendship; occupying, colonizing, fortifying, oracquiring sovereignty, are acts which have a permanent result. " It has never been held that neutral territories or kingdoms over which other kingdoms are prohibited by treaty from acquiring dominion-which other kingdoms cannot colonize, occupy, nor fortify-may not be defended by such kingdoms at the desire and request of the neutral State; although it would doubtless be necessary for any nation undertaking such defence to declare formally and promise clearly that it would not turn this transitory and allowable act into one of a continuous naturewhcenameats had prohibited.n e, which engage- " No one will maintain that the bar to colonization orfortifying is a bar to all protection; no one will assert that to afford protection to a State and estiblish dominion over it are necessarily the same thing; no one will contend that to send a naval or military force for the purpose of expelling an enemy from the territory of an ally, or of punishing his antagonist, is to hold or occupy the territory of that ally or of his enemy. Were this the sense of the word as inserted inthe treaty of 1850, as that word is equaUyappliedtoallCentralAmerica as well as to Mosquito, it would have a far wider signification than Her Majesty's Government contemplated, or than the United States' Government would, in all probability, admit; for, in such a case, neither Great Britain nor the United States could, in any circumstance, employ force, naval or military, against any Central American State, however great or just the provocation they might receive. "Citizens of the United States for instance, might on their way from California to Was'igtn be arrested anad confined on any suspicion or pretext, and the demands of the United States for their release refused. But is it to be argued, that tinder sui circumstances the United States could not send an armed force into Nicaragua to compel the release of the citizens fron Californa, mid chastise thoso who had unjustly inearcerated them? The United States' Government, however, would be bound to state the object it had in view in sending a force into Nicaragua; it would be bound to declare that it did not mlean tocolQnze, fortify, occupy, or establish its sovereignty over Nicaragua, and by adhering to this pledge its treaty obligations would be fulfilled. " But surely this dispute as to the nature and meaning of protection is one that should not have arisen with respect to the treaty of 1850. "The very object and nature of that treaty ought to manifest that protection is not equivalent -to occupation or sovereignty, and that it does not of necessity imply the acquisition of any exclusive advantages to the parties protecting, or give those parties exclusive control over that which is protected. Great Britaia - and the United States, by the said treaty, bind themselves to protect certain canals. or railways, which may be formed through various independent States. Great Britain and the United States do not by this protection acquire any right of sovereignty or occupation over such canals or railways,while they carefully exclude themselves from having any exclusive control over them, and from deriving from them any exclusive priviv-ieges. "It is surely unnecessary further to discuss the constraction of the treaty with reference to the protection of Mosquito. That Her Majesty's Government merely expresses now that view of the treaty which itentertaied, and which it had understood that the Government of the United States entertained, when the treaty was concluded, is evident from the fact that within little more than a month after the treaty of 1850 had been ratified, Eler Majesty's Minister at Washington entered into further negotiations with the Government of the United States relative to the position of Mosquito, interpreting the treaty as Her Majesty's Government now interprets it. That there was nothingextraordinary, unnatural, or unfair, in the interpretation thus given to the treaty by Her Majesty's Government, is equally evident from the fact that such interpretation was at at once accepted by the Secretary of State, Mr Webster, than whom no statesnman at that time living, whether an Europe or America, was more fitted to comprehendthe spiritoranalyze thewording of any international obligakon; and that Her Majesty's Government was not at that time, and is not now, animated by any such object as that of obtaining any peculiar influence or control over the river San Juan, or the canal that may be formed from its waters, is likewise demonstrated by the circumstance, worth noting, that the object which Great Britain had in viewin purSuing these further negotiations with the United States was that of withdrawin her rotection from the very town called Greytown, or San uan de Nicaragua, and the adjoining territory, and of placing the same in the hands of some Central American State, on conditions in nowise beneficial to herself, or only beneficial in so far as. such conditions tended to maintain a state of peace and tranquillity in that part of the world to which they related, and to prcserve the Mosquitos in a territory bordering that which was to be ceded, in an inoffensive state of neutrality and security. "Indeed, when H:er Majest;y's Minister, in a conversation which took place about the end of July, 1851, on this subject, agreed, on the-*part of the British Government, to assign Greytown to Nicaragua, upon her coming to a fair settlement with Costa Rica as to some of the points of contention between them, and upon her agreeing to leave the Mosquito peopleunmolested within certain portions of the territory which they now occupy, and over which the Spanish dominionnever,otherwisethannominally,extended, Mx. Webser, while observing that-the United States had no direct interest in any question concerning Nicaragua and Mosquito, except as respected the construction of a canal and its free navigation, and that, consequently, he did not wish to take an active part in any negotiation extending beyond these limits, added, addressing himself to the Nicauan Mfinister, who was present, that he considered the offer made by the British Minister was one which the Nicaraguan Government might consider as a fair basis for j an arrangement; and Her Majesty's Govenunent then entertained the hope and belief that, by the friendly [understanding subsistin& between Great Britain and the United States, and the joint efforts of both, such a settlement would be speedily concluded between al the parties interested as would enable Her Majesty's Government to release itself from the duty of protecting or defending Greytown, in which, for the time being, a self-elected body, in a great measure composed of United States' citizens, was carrying on the government in the name of the King of Mosquito. The preceding observations comprise all that Her Majestys Government has now to say with regard to that portion of lr. Buchanan's statement to which they have been intended to reDly "But; although the connoxion of Great Britain with Mosquito forms one of the subjects of Mr. Buchanan's communication, another subJect, not less important, is the actual condition of British Honduras, Ruatan, and the Bay Islnds. "It was never in the contemplation of Her Majesty's Government, nor in that of the Government of the United States, that the treaty of 1850 should interfere in any way with Her Majesty's settlement at Belize or its dependencies. "It was not necessary that this should have been particularly stated, inasmuch as it is generally considered that the term ' Central America'-a term of modern inventioncould only appropriately apply to those States at one time united under the name of the 'Central American Republics,' and now existing as five separate Republics; but, in order that there should be no possible miscoiception at any future period relative to this point, the t'vo negotiators, at the time of ratifying the treaty, exchanged declrations to the effect that neither of the Governmienits they represented had meant in such treaty to comprehend the settlement and dependencies in question. "Mr. Clayton's decLaration to Her Majesty's Goverment on this subject was ample and satisfactory, as the following extract from his note of July 4, 1850, will show:- " 'The language of the first article of the convention concluded on the 19th day of April last between the United States and Great Britain, describing the country not to be occupied, &c., by either of the parties, was, as you know, twice approved by tho Government, and it was neither understood by them, nor by either of us (the negotiators), to include the British settlement in Honduras (commonly called British Honduras, as distinct from the State of Honduras), nor the small islands in the neighbourhood of that settlenient which may be known as its dependencies. " 'To this settlement and these islands the treaty we negotiated was not intended bv either of us to apply. The title to them it is now, and has been, ny intention throughout the whole negotiation to leave as the treaty leaves it, without denying or affirming, or in any way meddling with the samne, just as it stood previously. "'The Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Honourable W. A. King, informs me that the Senate perfectly understood that the treaty did not include British Honduras.' " Such having been the mutual understanding as to the exception of the settlemenit of Belize and its dependencies from the operation of the treaty, the only question relative to this settlement and its dependencies in reference to the treaty that can now arise is as to what is the settlement of Belize and its dependencies, or, in other words, as to what is British HWonduras and its dependencies. "Her Majesty's Government certainly understood that the settlement of Belize as here alluded to, is the settlement ofBelizoas estabishedin1850; and it is more wa ranted in this conclusion fro_ the fgot tVa t«ve Vanit* Etates had, in 1847, zent a consul id this settlement, which -consul had-r ceived-hixeqest-,r-from the-British oern. mnent, a ciumnmstance -sW sonstitutes a Xecognition by the [United Statewe Goveirunmeit of the settlemeut of' Brtph -onduras under HerMajesty s it then existedW - - H'. Her M:ijesty's Government at once states this, becaue it perceives that MLr. Buchaban resticts the ssidd- ettlement witbin the boundaries to, which it- was confined by -the treaty of 1786; while HerMajesty's Government not only has to repeat that the treaties with Old Spain cannot le held; as a matter of course. to be binding with-re6pect to all the various detached portions of the old Spanish-Ameri(an monarchy, -but it has also to observe -that the treaty of 17E6 was put an end to by a subsequentstate of warbetween Great Britain and Spain; that during that war the boundaries of the British settlement in question were enlargedand that. when peace was re-established between Great Britain and Spain no treaty of a lolitic Inature,orelating to ter-ritorial limi'ts, revived those treaties between Great Britain and Spain which had previously existed. " Her Majesty's Government, in stating this fact, declares distinctly, at the same time, that it has no projects of political ambition or aggrandizement with respect to the settlemLent referred to; and that it will be its object to come to scme prompt, fair, and amicable arrangement 'with -the States an the vicinity of British Honduras for regnlating the lihaits.which should be given to it, and which shall not henceforth be extended beyond the boundaries now assigned to them. " As to Ruatan and the adjoining islands, all that can be debateable as to them is whether they are island deg ndencies of Belize or attached to some Central Anierican tate. " Now, it cannot be disputed that whenever Ruatan has been per=anentlyoccupied, eitherin remote orrecent times, by anything more than a military guard or flagstaff, the occupation has been by British subjects. "It is true that the Republic of Central America declared that it had a flag flying in that island from 1821to 139; but this fact merely rested on that republic's declaration, - and all that is positively known is, that when the British Government were aware that a foreign flag was flying at Ruatan, a British ship-of-war was sent to haul it down, and since that time no attempt has been made tore-establish it; but, on the contrary, when on - two or three occasions complaints have been brought by the citizens of Central American States against the settlers iii Ruatan to the Commandant of Truxillo, the commnandant has referredthem to Belize, telling them that the island was British. "It is, moreover, a fact that Ruatan has been of late years, without, any instigation on the part of Her Majesty's Government, spontaneously occupied by British subjects, and that the Superintendent of Belize has been in the habit of visiting the island, appointing the magistrates in it,-and generally managing its affairs. In going back to ancient times, it is also well known that in 1742 the English were formally settled at Ruatan, and that in the atias of the WVest Indian Islands published by Jefferies, the King's geographer, in 1796, Rattan or Ruatan is coloured as a British ossession; and although this island and that of Bonacca nave doubtless been at various times left unoccupied, and at others claimed or held by other lFowers, it is certain that in 1838, 1839, and 1840,- Great Britain not only asserted her right to the same, but declared her intention to maintain thnat right by force. " These circumstances, wfithout entering further into the subject, will at least prove that the pretensions of Great Britain to consider Rtuatan and Bonacca dependencies of Belise are of long standing, and existed certainly attheperiod of the treaty of 1850. Indeed, Mr. Buchanan, in his statement, observes that Ruatan was occupied in 1850 by Great Britain. But if Ruatan was at that time known to be occupied by Great Britain as a settlement of Beize, and the United States' Government notwithstanding considered it to have been a portion of Central America, and thereby comprehended in the treaty-which Beize and its dependencies were not-the United States' Government would beyond doubt have openly stated that it did not consider-Ruatan included in the term 'island dependencies;' and Great Britain was, therefore, justified, since no such exception was made, in deeming that her claim to Ruatan, as a part of the Belize settlement, was not about to be disputed,. "Her Majesty's Government deems that it has by the foregoing observations furnished an adequate reply to the statement of Mr. Buchanan, and proved that the obligations of thetreatyhave in no respect been infringed. - "But having performed this duty, Her Majesty's Government desires to say that it would be far more to its satisfactionx to arrange on fair terms any differences of opinion with the Government of the United States than to prolong discussion and argument respoecting such differeLces. Ithas also no difficulty in addmg that although it did not, by the treatv of 1850, abandon the right of Great Britain to protect the Mosquitoes, yet it did intend to reduceandlimit the exercise of that right. " The practical difference between Great Britain and the United States with regard to the only mutually important portion of Mosquito-namely, that portion .to which the construction and condition of the canal, which formed the origin and basis of the treaty of 1850, applies, is very small indeed. That difference does not turn upon the point whether Great Britain should retain her protection over the port and town- of San Juan and the northern bank of that river, but upon the conditions on which that protection should be withdrawn. " In short, the praetical question at issue relative to Grey: town, andthat part of the Mosquito country borderingiponthe river San Juan, is not wh6ther Great Britai should,. directly or indirectly, exercise dominion over the same, but whether Nicaragua, or some other equally- independent State, should obtain possession thereof in a manner consonant with the honourable obligations of Great Britain, the peace of the Central American continent, and 'the safety. from persecution of the MWosquito Indiana;- or, on the otherhand, whether NXicaragua should be put in possession of that territory in a manner almost certain to produce hostilities beteen Nicaragua and- Costa Itica, and to lead to the per- secution and ,destruction of the Mosquito people; an alter-. native to which Great Britain could not consent, and which the Government of the United States could have no motive in requrmng. "It is true that in that more remote portion of the MTosquitoterritory where the Chief or Kingof the Mosquitoes himself resides, a British consul or agent also resides; and this resident may oftentimes be called upon to give his opinion or advice to the MIosquito Government, as is usual w hen weak Governments are in alliance with StrOng ones, more especially when those strong ones have agreed to protect the weak ones from external aggression, and may therefore reasonably expect to have such influence over their policy as may prevent them from giving just pretext for invasion. "It is true also that Englishmen maythus be in the councils of the King of Mosquito, acting as his Ministers hut Englishmen and Americans both hold the same position in the Sandwich Islands, the Government of which is carried on by foreigners, but is nevertheless (and the race is Indian) considered and treated as independent. To alter this state of things might at the present moment be impossible, but Her Majesty's Government would be ready and wlling to enter anto such engagements as should 'prevent Great ~Britain from receiving any privileges or advantag>es from the Miosquito Government not granted to other States. " Her Majesty's Government can hardly anticipate any difficulty at this time with the United Statoes respecting the continental establishment of Honduras, the limits of which in 1850 were so well known and can be so easily ascertained, and which will not be extended; but having shown that its pretensions to the Islands of Ruatan and Bonacca are of no recent date, and that they were unquestioned by the United States' Government in 1850, H er Majesty's Government eannot admit that an alteration in the internal form of government of these islands is a violation of the treaty, or affords a just cause of remonstrance to the United Sta'es. " "There are at all times two modes of dealing with matters of business between nations; the one calculated to excite mutual irritation, the other to mitigate it; the one tending to prolong and increase differences, the other to diminish and remove them. "'T'he latter is the mode which Her Majesty's Government earnestly desires in the present instance to adopt and to see adopted; for it can hardly be necessary to say that there is no Government with which the people and Government of Great Britain more sincerely desire to live in intimate and friendly relations than that of the United States. It is in accordance withthe spirit which HerMajesty's Government thus distinctly avowvs that Her Mjesty's Government proposes to that of the UnitedgStates - " That the two Governments of Great Britain and the IUnited States should at once endeavour to come to some friendly understanding as to the Govermment which should be defmitively formed at Greytown, in order to admit of the Mosquito authority being withdrawn therefrom; and as to the engagements which such Governnent should enter into with regard to the claims of Costa Rica and the future nonmolestation of the Mosquitoes; and that the two Governments should endeavour, in- the same manner, to cometo some friendly understanding as to the mode by which protection may be most effect-ualy afforded to the Mosquito Indians. "It is the desire of Her Majesy's Government not only to maintain the Convention of 1850 intact, but to consolidate andstrengthen itby strengthening and consolidating the friendly relations which it was calculated to cement and perpetuate. Her Majesty's Government regrets that any misunderstanding should- have arisen with respect to its terms;* but it entertains the firm belef that by the explanations it has nowv given and the proposals it makes tuat misunderstauding will be comp~letely removed.__ _ "CLRENDON. "F Foreign-office, Mlay 2, ]154."
COURT CIBCULAR. " Her h3Qesty. and his- Rylz Highne3s the PTnce Consort rode on horsebaok on Satuday iorningo, attended by the Hon. Emil yv Cathcr4 Lord Alfred Paget, and Colonel F. lhe Princess Royal and the Princess Alice iook a cdre in an open carriage and four. - His Royal HiAiness Pnnoe& -Albert presided at a meeting ofa Committee.of the Royal-Commissioners for the Exhibjtion Of 1S51 at Buckingham Palace on Saturday. The other members pPresent were the Earl of Derby, Iarl GranviLle, lLord Staney of Alderley, Lord Overstoue, the Chancellor of the Exchqu the Righ Hon .3irei . tOhne Hr. Emgar ateowgR secretary to the Royal Commhio0n, The meetig, which took place at 11 o'cloc-, broLe ii at The :Queen td Prince Albert, accompanied bv Prince, Arthur and the .Finces,es Helena and Louisa, took- a drivy in the afternoon in an open camage and four.- The Eq errnes in Waiting attended on horseback. .Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort accompanied by the Princess Royal, honouredithe Royai Italian Opera with their presence in the evening. Inattendance were the Marchioness of Ely, the Hon. Mary Seymour, tLe Hon. Emily Catbhart, Lord Byron, Lord Alfred Paget, and Colonel F. H. Seyin6ur. Yesterday Her Majesty and hirs Royal Highness the Princea Consort, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, the Princess Alice, the Ladies and Gentlemen of the Court and the domestic household attended Divine service in the chapel at Buckingham Palace. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor offuciated. Her Royal Highness the -Duchess of Kent visited the Duchess of Glocester on Saturday at her residenco, Glocester-house. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kient, attended by Lady Fanny Eow;ard 3nd Lord Janes Hurray, honoured the Haymarkset Theatre with her presence on Saturday evening.:
. THE CBZAfEAK COUBT OF IHQUIRY. . (From the Undted Servicc Ga-cte.) The proceedings "drag their slow length along," and if every individual who considers himself aggrieved or'reflected upon bythe report of the Commissioners makes his appearance, and occupies thc attention of the Court for such a lengthened period as my Lord Lucan, the sprmg and summer will both pass before tho Court canbedissolved andits conclusions madeknown. What the real business is before the Court no one seems actually to inow. The members, with few exceptions,ut no questions, take few notes, but listen to what -es place with placidity, and have probably forgotten one-half that has been said during each day's sittings ere they reach their homes. The report of the commissioners is couched in most gentlemanlike' and temperate' lanJuA&e ; not a statement is set forth that is not supported by evidence; and that evidence, be it remembered, was m mnost, if not all, cases, revised by the -witnesses themselves before it was finally settled and agreed upon. Could any mode' of proceeding be more fair towards all concerned ? The commissloners received precise instructions, which they carried out -with an honesty of purposethat must receive thesupport of all irapartial persons, even should that of their employers fail them; but such an event, notwithstandin various rumours, cau scarcely be within the verge of possibiliy.c As far as the inquiry has yet extended, it relates only'to the loss of the cavalry horses; the commissioners be'ng;in no -way responsible for that loss, but havingbeen sent to the Crimea to inquire nto the causes which ledto it, as ellas other unparalleled disasters, cannot be upon their trial TheY discharged their duty (an unpleasant one it must sh admitted), boldly and conscientiously; an, after a searching investigation,:laid bare instances of neglect and defects in every variety of shape and form. They have particularized no individuals, with one exception, and that officer, Colonel Tulloch has said, though'ho *doesnot name him,he is prepared to meet face tofac when he returns home. The report, taken as a whole, is more condemnxtory of the system, or rather no system, hitherto pursued in our army than of the officers who consider their con-duct reflected upon, for it cannot be doubted that had a true system been established these gentlemen would have inown how to make use of the means plaoelat their dismsal to the greatest advantage. They are no more upon their trial than are the commissioners, indeed, apparently, not so much so, for the inquiry was granted at their instance, as it was said, to give them an opportunity of explaining their conduct, which means in plain English to dispute.the validity of the repdrt. How far they have-succeeded up-to the present time (or rather Lord Lucan, for he alone, supported by the evidence of different officers, has yet been heard) wil he for the Court to determine; but it does not appear that the commissioners have been proved to boe in error, cxcsptng on one occasion, and into t.hat error they wvere led by tLord Lucan himself, taking it for granted that the returns of the men and hoises present under his command on the 1st of October, and which were furnished by his Lordship, were correct. Every day seems more and -more to confirm the opinion thatthe whole thingis resolving itself intoaspeies of duello between the Secretary of State for War and the Commander in Chief; the former has pledged himself, and is boumn in honour and in viltue of his office, to support Her fajesty's Commissloaers, while the latter, by every outward :anid iisible sign, is bent-upon upholding his nominees. Whether -there is in truth a difference between these high functionaries, or whether it is a mockeiy got up to amune 'the public, will sooner or later come to light. The ffippancy of General Airey leads to the belief that he looks upon the inquiry as a farce, while Lord Lucan's tone and manner -show that he can depend upon his backers; indeed, in one -stage of the proceedings, he very coolly "Yecommends Colonel Tulloch to declare him free from all blame, retire, and thus take the easiest plan of getting out of -a very tronblesome case." Sir E. Lyons states, in his evidence, that the officers were constantly employed in throwing up banks of earth to protect their own horses from the prevailing cold winds-a plan which proved successful, and that Colonel Wood, of the Artillery, did the same, and preserved all or most of the horses of his battery. Colonel Thomas also contrived to save his horses, and they are now with his guns at Scutari. We should very much like to know how many of Lord Lucan's chargers died, and what number of officers' horses, both of the cavalry and infantry, perished in the same manner as did the troop horses. The admiral has given us the key of the secret, and we are inclined to believe that were it unlocLed we should find negleotmore than ignoranco was the cause of the poor troop horses being left to their fate. SirE. Lyons professed entire- ignorance as to the amount of canvas on board the ships. Unless things are strangely altered in her Majesty's navy, the master of his own flagship could have enlightened him on the subject in one minute. We have the greatest respect for the energy and courage displayed by the gallant admiral, but we connot help thinking that during his long services as a diplomatist he has forgotten the smell of tar. The gallant admiral -vowed himself unable to give any assistance inputting up temporary shelter for the horses, as 4,000 of his men were already employed on shore, and all the spare sailcloth and spars had been supplied for their use, but he did not seem to think that such material could be made available as coverig for horses. Had the admiral ever looked about him at Ascot-heath or any other racecourse, he -would have seen how such matters are commonly managed; there was, however, no occasion for gomng so far off, there being example enough before al. As to the want of carpenters, Sir E. Lyons himself showed how easily it was remedied by Captain Heath, who, applymng his energies to -the task, sent a boatsw ain with 30 or 40 blue-jackets ashore, and very soon built stabling for 300 mules; he furthermore informed the Court that Captain Luashington contrived to find carpenters, andthat he built at least 200 huts for the army. As both these officers were under the admiral's command, and the way in which these men were employed known to him, neither his evidence nor opinions seem very conEistent, nor calculated to carry much weight; butwe refer our readers to the extracts from the proceedings, which we recommend most especially to their attention. All that related to extraneous matter we have omitted, as well as a long dissertation about the assistance given to the army, and the good understanding which was established between the two ser. vices, as if any one doubted the one or the other; and wound up with a nlourish that he hoped nothing would transpire in the course of the proceedings to interfere with the harmony existing: which is all bosh and twaddle. Sir Edmund must have been dreaming of half a century ago, when sailors had the most and best of the worl, and occasionally indulged in a laugh against the Sogers. The evidence of Major Conolly shows an extraordinary state of things as regards the returns; he positively affirms that those of the Heavy Brigade were totally incorrect,. get they were forwarded to the Commander-in-Chief in that condition, sanctioned by the authority of the general commanding the cavalry! lt is difficult to account for such inaccuracies. In all armies, the morning or daily states are looked to with the greatest jealousy; in none are the lkept (so at least it is believed) vith greater regularity than in our own; it is to be hoped that this is an isolated case, otherwise no wonder 6ur soldiers should have been overworked, as the general must have been dealirng with an army in part composed of paper.
Tim TRooPs mi TurKEY.-A return has been issued of tho pay and allowances to all troops and persons employed in the service of the British Government, within theTnrki6h dominions. It occupies a space of 20 pages, the list of pay, £c., to the variou ofcers being given S.Tiatim. SALTED .PROVISIONS FOr THE NAVY.-RetuMns, relative to salted provisions supplied to the navy, moved for by Mr. Fagan, M.P., give particulars of tho quantities of beef and pork advertised for by the Admiralty, annd tendered for in 1854 and 1855. The quantities delivered under the contract of October, 185, were:-At Deptford, 12,250 tierces and 3,379 barrels of beef, and 13,700 tierces and 3,435 barrels of pork - at Haulbowline, 10,000 tierces and 3,400 barrels of beef, and 7,225 tierces and 3,750 barrels of pork. Under the contract of February, 1855, 3,50O tierces, and 30D barrels of beef, and 5,019 tierces of pork -ere delivered at Deptford, 250 tierces of pork at Gosport, 1,199 tierces of beef and 5,300 tierces of pork at Haulbowline. It is deplorable to find, from a further examination of these returns. that no sm11 quantity of salt provisions was rejected at tNE ports mentioned as utterly unfit for consumption. The provisionswere eithertainted, imperfectly=cured, shortofweiiht, deficient in salt, rusty, stinking, rusty and mixed, badly messed; cow-beef, fat, very soft and flabby, mixed ani dirty. This was on a first inspection. Onsubseqjuei iu5p$> tions a large quantity of provisions was conde partl by reason of the defects already mentioned. and p- cause some of the meat was measlv and - trimmed." A small quantity contained no salt at alL A ocoderable quantity of beef and pork purchased privately by the Government last year wa also condemned. TThe return unfortunately does not anontion thc names of the persons thu,s S guilty of sw,.lying the navy with food Ilt for swin.
FOBEIGN INTBLLIBENCE. FRANCE. (FROX OUR0 --W COR PONDENT.) tA portok of the following appeared in our second edition of Saturday :-I rArW5, bATUPDAY, APRI 26, 6 P.M. I have already mentioned that MI. Baudin is the Commimsioner named for the Danubian Principalities by the French Government. I now learn that ME. Alison, dragoman to the British Embassy at Constantinople, is the English Commissioner, and that ML Kleist, who was attached to the mission of Count Buol in Paris, is named in the same capacity for Austria. The Brussels papers of yesterday publish that part of the Protocol of the 8th containing the remark;s made by Al. Walewski with reference to the Italian question. The information which I was from time to time enabled to communicate of the proceedings of the Congress, and particularly on that point, was contested by several of the Paris papers, and the Uniirers and Assemblge Nationcde all but affirmeed that what was stated with reference to the Italian question was a. mere fabrication. It will now be seen wvho was right, and who wrong. Tho Commission meet to-morrow for the exchange of ratifications, and the Meniteur will, probably on Monday, publish the Treaty and the Protocols. A private letter from Rome announcesthe death on the 20th inst. of the Cardinal-Prefect of the Propaganda. The translation of Mlonsignor Barnabo from the Secretaryship of the Sacred Congregation to a position of greater honour is expected to follow as a matter of course, -and already there are divers speculations as to the new Cardinal-Prefect and the new Secretary. The demise of Cardinal Franzoni and the translation of Mlonsign or Barnabo are looked upon as a serious check to the eftorts of the Clerico-Sadleirites as touchin(g the Roman Catholics of Great Britain and the monopoly of education in favour of the Propaganda. A letter from Naples dated the 20th inst. mentions as follows- "Anew decision of the Board of Health of Naples extends to all the ports of the south of France the measures otprecautionadoptedhitherto only as regards M3arseiWes. The motive is the arrival at Messina of a vessel from Toulon having on board a person who had died from typhus. This newvsanitary decision reproduces the regnulation in virtue of which overy vessel proceeding from France that has not a consular certificate testifying the healthy condition of the port wil be subjected to quarantine, although having touched at an intermediate point it had pratiqae. This regulation could only be reasonable in the event of the intermedinte points in question, and which cannot be other than Teghorn and Civita Vecchia, being themselves declared suspected on account of their free communications with France. N\o decision of the kind having been as yet adopted in Tuscany and the Roman States, may not the present be regarded as exclusively directed against arrivals from France, and as constituting an exceptional treatment against them 5" General Mlorris, commander of the division of cavalry of the First Corps d'Arnme in the Crimea, has been appointed to the command of the division of cavalry of the Imperial Guiard, and General Camou, .commander of the second division of the Second ,Corps d'Arm6e in the Crimea, is to assume the command of the second division of infantry of the Imperial Guard. Generals Wimpffen and Decaen, who also belong to the armay inthe East, are to command two brigades of the Guard. General -Marion has been nameed commiander of the brigade of Cuirassiers of the Guard, General Dupuch de Feletzof the brigade of Lancers and Dragoons, and General Cassaignoles of the brigade of Chasseurs and Guides. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ended on the 14th inst. were 901,456f., or 48,612f. less than during the corresponding week of 1555. The gross receipts since the 1st of January amounted to 13,360,098f., being a difference in favour of 1856 of 1,263,449f. The Three per Cents. closed on Friday at 74f. 20c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 90c.; and the New Loan at 741. 60c. Orleans Railway shares, 1,405f.; Great Northern,. 3,070f.; Strasburg, 1,050f.; new shares, 890f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,450f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1 ,660f.; Western of France, 915f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 790f.; Great Central of France, 732f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 815f.; Bank of Credit iSobilier, 1,745f.; Austrian railways, 937f. 50c. Cters Authentzque.-FBAS, April 25.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reinibursable for 10 years), 93f. 75c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 94f. 50c.; ditto Certificates (50 per ceant. paid), 94f. 50c. ; Three per Cents., 74f. 10c. 15c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 74f. 50c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 74f. 50c.; Bank of France, 3,975f. 3950f. 3,975f.- Credit Foncier. 715f.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 97f. 50c.; lrom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents.,925f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,745f; Discount Bank-, 70b£; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f. 93f. 50c.; ditto Three par Cents., 60f. 50c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 90f. ; Ioomans, 90Q; Spanish Three per Cents., 45f.; ditto Interior Debt, 3837X. Exchange onLondon, at sight, money, 25f. 371c.; three sionths, money, 24f. 97kc. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 74f. lOc. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 90c.; and the new Loan at 74f. 50c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,410f.; Great Northern, 1,G70f.; Strasburg, 1,050f.; New Shares, 890f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,450f.; Lyons to the Meediterrane-an, 1,6G5f.; Western of France, 915f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 790f.; Great Central of France, '130f.; Lyons and Geneva, 81Of.; Bank of Credit M.obilier, 1,730f.; Austrian Railways, 930f. Cours AuthentiTte-PARIS, April 26.-Cash Prces.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reinibursable for 10 years), 94f. 93f 75c.; ditto second Loan of 18:55 (50 per cent. paid), S4f. 50c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 9MI. 50c.; Three per Cents., 73. 90c. 74f. 5c. 74f.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (80 per cent. paid), 74f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 74f. 40c.; ditto Certificates (S0 per cent. paid), 74f. 40c.; Bank of France, 3,950f.; Cridit Foncier, 715f.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f. ; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 95f.; Prom. Obligations of l,000f., Three per Cents., 925f.; Credit Mobiler, 1,735f. 1,730f.; Discount Bank, 695f. 690f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f. 93f. 5Oc.; ditto Three per Cents., flOf. 75c.; Belgzan Foutrand-a-Half per Cenits., 981; Rente do lNaples (Rotlschild's), 113; Romans, "i; HaytiantLoan, 51Sf. 517f SOc. - Spanish Interior Debt, 53 38. i. Xxchaneo on Londfon, at sight, money, 2-5f. 371c.; three months, money, 24f. 971c. AUSTRIA. (1soMr OuR own cosRaSroNDM-r.) VIEINA, APtIL 21. The Oesterr eichische CGorrespnzdenz is authorized to state that certain reports which have found their way into several organs of the press, respecting the reinforcement and change of position (l}islocirtung) of the imperial Royal troops in the duchy of PIarma, "are totally unfounded." As the foregoing is a semi-official communication I report it, but information, which has been acquired at no bad source, induces me to believe that at this very moment the town of Pontremoli is garrisoned by Austrian troops. In a former letter it was observed that this Government feared there might be disturbances or hostile demonstrations on the return of the Sardinian army, and a glance at the map will show you that Pontremoli is the place which an able tactician woutld cdhoose if he wished to keep Genoa, the port at which the Sardinian troops are to land, in check. At 8 o'clock this morning Count Buol arrived from Paris, and he has already had an audience of the Emperor, although he had passed three consecutive nights in a railroad carriage. A few days since Field Marshal Count WVimpffen and Baron Bruck, who are Protestants, waited on His Majesty the Emperor in order to complain of some of the new regulations of the Catholic hierarchy. It is not positively known what took place during the audience, but it is believed that the iMinister and the General represented to their Sovereign that the ordinances of the bishops relative to the burial of non-Catholics were calculated to produce a particularly Unfavourable impression in those districts and towns in which the Protestant and Greek Christians are more nmMerou-s than the members of the Roman Chuirch. It is stated that the Minister of Finance at first declined to interfere in such a delicate matter, but it appears that he was so hard pressed by Count Wimpifen, who is a zealous Protestant, that he could not well refuse to accompany him to Colurt. The circular addressed by the bishops to their clergy has not been published, but it is pretty generally known that in future the church bells are uot to toll when a non-Catholic is buried, and that Catholic priests will no longer be permitted to accompany, the nmortal remains of their Protestant friends and acquaintances to the grave. Such intolerance was totally unknowvn in Austria a few years since, for nothing wxas more commnon before 1848 than to see the priest and the pastor following the same coffin. It is stated that the Chevalier Lenzoni, who for many ye-us has been the representative of Ttuscany at this Court, is to be Minister for Foreign Affairs, and, if the report should prove true, we may soon expect to hear that Tuscany has imitated the example of 'Austria, and concluded a concordat with Rome. The CaUolico, au IJltrainontane paper, published at Genoa, which states that the- intervention of' the Emperor of the French has been aepted by the Pope and' the King of Sardinia, gives the following very questionable' information :-A now Cabinet is to be formed, the present Chamber dissolved, the press prevented from interfering in the election of new Deputies, and, to crown the whole, a concordat is to be concluded with Rome. It need hardly be observed that we are inclined to believe the Cattolieo has succeeded in discovering what is popularly called a mare's nest. The Deadsch7e Yolisblattf, one of the organs' of the Roman Church, endeavours to dissipate the fears of the Austrian Protestants by quoting a passage from a memorial not long since drarn up. by the Wurzburg National Synod, in wshich it is said that Roman Catholics are bound to love and be just towards the members of all other churches. The Austrian Protestants, however, who have little coiifideince in the promises of I their Catholic brethren, refuse to be comforted. Baron Stieglitz, the Russian banker, is now -in Paris, and will probably visit London, as he is commissioned to raise the necessary funds for establishing a bank at St. Petersburg. The Baron will come to this city before he returns to Russia in order to fetch his wife, who has been staying here for many-montbs. The plan for forming a credit bank at Varsaw has failed. The oflicial Gazzettadi Yeronaproposes that a"Monte Sete" shall be combined with the Discouint Bankv which is about to be established at Milan. A " Monte Sete " is an establishment which advances money on raw produce, and something of the same kind existedin Lombardy from 1781 until 1796. The plan probably originates with the silk growers, who have often been obliged to sell their produce to foreign purchasers at ruinously lowv prices. The line, or rather lines, of the Theiss Railroad Company have at length been definitively fixed by the Minister. 1. From Szolnok, by wayof T5rukSzent-Miklos 'and Debreczin, to Grosswardein. 2. From Pesth to Miskolez and Kaschau, w with the right to carry the railroad up to the main Gallicianline, and to construct a branch road to Wallendorf, in the Zips County. 3. From some point on t,he foregoing railroad across Torok-Szent-Mikllos. and Puspok-Ladany, to Arad. 4. From Debreezin to Nyiregyhaza, Tokay, and Miskolcz. You have already learned from me that the railroad is likely to pay well, and the firm of Rothschild here must be of the same opinion, as it has taken half the sum which was reserved by the Minister for the principal Austrian firms. The founxders are not yet in possession of the concession, but still atpplication iscontinually made to them for shares at 5 per cent. premium. Ai English company is now endeavourinr to' btain' from the Porte a concession for a railroad from 'Constantinople by way of Adrianople and Bourgas to Rustchuk, where it would join the Wallachian railroad, which is to be carried from the Danube across Bucharest to Kronstadt. That the Theiss Railroad is to be continued from Arad or Grosswardein to Hermannstadt and Kronstadt you have already been informed. The Lombardo-Venetian Railroad shares were in demand to-day at 31per cent. premium for foreign purchasers. The fast steamers of the Austrian Ioyd make the first direct passage from Trieste to Constantinople on the 1st of MIay. ITALY. The Piedmontese Gazette of the 23d inst. publishes a telegraphic despatch, - dated Kadikoi, 19th, an-' nouncing that the First Division of the Sardinian army, commanded by General Giovanni Durando, with two companies of Sappers and two squadryons of the cavalry regiments of Novara anid Aoste, 'hlad b)een embarked on board six English' steamers 'and' three Sardinian-the Costituzione, Dora, and Ta-. naro. The artillery only had been left behind. The division consisted of 5,000 men with 6041 horses. They are the first troops that have left the Crimea tO return to their country. They reached Constantinople on the 20th, and proceeded the next day on their voyage home. On the 6th 200 pieces of artillery, captured at Sebastopol, and belonging to the Sardinian army,' were shipped at 33alaldava. The Piedmontese army is to be reduced by 16,000 men. W . . . ~ nd.
TEE NAVA REVxE.-It is no easy matter to realize a naval review. The wood cannot be seen by reason of the trees. A military review strikes and delights-the. sight at once. A naval review must be fagged up in all its scattered details, thought vf, ad wondered at after a fatiguing effort. The column of ships, great at one end, small by degrees, and beautifully less, must be cast up like a column of figures,. and the admiration is at the: bottom commensurate with the totaL. It is all an affair of calculation and reflection. Ships of the same class look much alike to the unnautical eye, and the spectator resolved to be pleased has to bethink him of the number of guns and men in each floating castle, how terrible the armament would be to an enemy, and how much it coststhe country. H3avng duly considered all this, he says, " ow fine !" and ought to be satisfied doubtless, but, at heart, is not. You begin with the gunboats, the ugliest things ever contrived, much of the model of the Nor6 Light. The shape and fashion are those of a foot-pan. Squatted like a toad in the middle is a mortar. Others are armed with huge long guns. -What either class would do in a heavy sea is not to be imagined. How they would toss, tumble, roll, and wabble about ! These are the chubby babies of the line, east of the Brambles. You then see the more advanced growth of the navy, the coquettish sloops-of-war, the graceful corvettes, the beautiful frigates, and so you mount up by degrees to the two-deckers, and from them to the huge ships,of the line, the great grandfathers of the fleet as it were. The truth must be spoken. These big ships, with their checkered sides, are nothandsome. They are all hulL Their masts seem stumpy and disproportioned to the body to be moved. However, you have passed along the line, from the east of the Brambles to the south of the Horse, adnmring some and wondering at others, tiUl you are quite out of both wonder and admiration, and then you ask, "What nest " and wait for a new sensation. The salute is heard, the Royal yacht is sighted coming out of Portsmouth, the fleet salute, and the yards are mained. It is pretty, and that is all that can be said. The gunboats go down the middle and up again. When you have seen one you have seen all of them, and there is no end of them. They are as dignified as a procession of London cabs would be, not Eansoms. After them, and heartily tired are yon of them, the whole fleet moves off, steaming to the pivot-ship. They steam east, and then they steam back west, precisely as they steamed east, with the difference only that their heads are one way instead of the other. But before they have resumed their stations the . gunboats, extending almost in line from Stokes Bay to Southsea Castle, open fire against the works. In two or three minutes they are covered with a dense white smoke, through which the flashes of the guns are seen as the lightning of the cloud. The roll of the cannonade is literally thunder. This was really the best part of the review. It was animated, picturesque. And so it ended, with a universal feeling of disappointment. Is the fault with the expectation, or the, nature of the exhibition? In both, we think. As M. Jourdain spoke prose without knowing it, we see naval reviews without knowing it. The grandest you may see any day for a shiUing, taking boat at Gravesend and proceeding up the river through the Pool to London-bridge. The naval review of Spithead is made out of the raw; material of that everyday naval review in the Thames. A foreigner surveys the throng of shipping in our river and docks with wonder and admiration ; an English eye wanders over it with the indifference of familiarity. A great fleet wears a more novel aspect, it is true ; but the eye soon gets enough of it, if motion be wanting to impart animation, Well, was there not the steaming to the pivot-ships, and the steaming back to the stations? Undeniably, and the sight was about as interesting as walking a racer up and down on the course. But what would it have been if the fleet, having rounded the pivot-ships, had loosed canvass, set sail, and sailed back to their stations? What a sight that would have been? The sudden expansion of the canvass the graceful movements of ships under sail, the wonderful celerity of the manceuvre, yet some of course quicker 'or slower than others by instants just distinguishable-these indeed, would have been the elements of an interesting and beautiful scene. Instead of which you saw the ships with their rigid lines of yards and rigging, first going one way, then the other, with the most mecharacal monotony. Perhaps, if the truth were told, they would have sailed if they could, for sailing in line, keeping the intervals with precision, is far from an easy operaton, and it is not every offiicer who can perform it; and this consideration may have caused "my Lords" to stick to the certainty of steam movements. Seeing how other things were done, this prudence may have been commendable.-raminei-fr. THE FoaerTcoass?eo RxrosonIos.-Tlie preparations for the fireworks in Hyde Park, the Green Park, and the Victoria Park are now completed. The buildings are |each severally 200 feet long and 60 feet high. The fireworks are in an advanced state of preparation, and could, on an emergency, be completed in a day or two. But, it is now the intention of the Government to defer the rejoicings for a fortnight or three weeks, as it is proposed to have a day of gencral thanksgiving previous t o the general rejoicings. The ratification ofthe treaty will probably be now on the 30th inst., and it will be after that period that the final day will be fixed. On the part of the Government, fireworks vill be provided, of a sinilar character to those in1 London, for Edinburgh and Dablin ; and it is expected that many of the principal cities inl the kingdonm will ewuhracb the oppori tlity to give vent to their joy at the returui of peace. With respect to the fireworks in the 2uetropilis; the discharge of rockets from Pri-marose-bill is expected to be the most effective. Above 20,000 will be discharged at once. Some of the pieces and bouquets wvill be of a most splendid description, several of them being 60 feet high. In the House of Cousmons it wvas stated that the cost would not exceed 8,0001.; buit, cousidering the externt of the preparations, it is very qluestionable whether this su!; will corer the outlay.-Obsereer.
NAV AL AND MILITABY INTELLIGRNCE. The following general memorandum and copy of an Admiralty letter, expressing the Qneen's thanks to the officers, seamen, and marines of the fleat, for the'success of the Late eiew, were promulgated. 6a Saturday-- " Victory, in 'Portsmouth Harbour, Avril 24. "Vice-Admrral Sir George Seymour has great pleasure in communicating to the 'flag officers, the captain of the fleet, the captas, commanders, officers, and, creWs of the feet and flotilla, tho accompanying expression of Her 3Maje satisfaction at the accuracy and precision' displayed in the performance of the evolutions at tho naval review on the 23d instant; together with-her approbation of their conduct on that occasion, which will he received as an additional instance of the Queen's gracious appreciation of zeal min er service. - The Vice-Admiral avails, himself of this occasion to thank tear-Admiral Martin, Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir R. S. Dundas, Rear-Admiral Baynes, Commcdore the Hon. F. T. 'Pelham, and- the captainsl and other officers of Her MTajestys ships and vessels assembled at Spithead and in Portsmouth harbour, for the ready and able assistance they have afforded him in carryig out -the instructions of the Lords Conmmissioners of the Admiralty in every arrangement connected with the late review; and he desires to express his sense of the general good conduct which has distingnished all classes belonging to the fleet during the time of their being assembled in unexampled numbers at the port where he has the honour to command. "CG. F. SEYMOUR,- Vice-Admiral and Commander.in-Chief. The Pespective Flag Officers, Captains, and Commanders, &c." "Admiralty, Her Majesty's Ship Black Eagle, Spithead, Aprl 24. " Sir,-Iam commanded by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to acquaintyou that Her ML;sty has been graciously pleasedto desire that her satisfaction may be expressed to you, to Rear-Admiral Sir Richardi S. Dundas, Rear-Admiral Baynes, Commodore the Hon. 'Frederick Pelham, and to the captains, officers, and crews of her ships and other vessels assembled at Spithead on the occasion of: the naval review on the 23d inst., at the accuracy and precision displayed in the performance of thevarious evolutions, vhich reftlect the greatesb credit on the ability ;and zeal of the flag officers, captains, and crews of the different ships and vessels employed. - My Lords have much-gratificationin-conveyingto yotthis intimation of Her Majesty's pleasure, and in desiring yot to make known this expression-of Her Majesty's gracious -ap-probation to the flag officers, officers, and crews of the feet assembled at Spithead. "1 have, &c., THOMAS PHIN. Vice-Admiral Sir George F. Seymour, LC.B., G.C.H., Her Majesty's State yacht' Victoria and Albert, Captain -the Hon. JosephI Denman, left Portsmouth on Saturday afternoon on a cruise, it is said, to Lisbon and Madeira.. She is expected to return in eight days. - We some time since reported the probability of Her Majesty paying Lisbon a visit this summer.' The Fox, 42, steam transport, was taken out of dock at Portsmouth on Saturday afternoon, and placed in the steambasin to receive her machinery. The Dragon, 6, steam-frigate, Captain H. Stewart, C.B., and the Centaur, 6, paddle-frigate, Captain Clifford, C0,, 'left Portsmouth on Saturday for the eastward, with the Thunder, 14, floating battery, Captain Randolph. The Conqueror, 100, Captain Symonds, C.B., and the Centurion, 80, Captain Williams, left Spithead on Satur. day for Plymouth. The long-burning blue lights by which the fleet at Spit. head was so grandly illuminated on the night of the review were introduced into the service by Captain (now General) John Harvey Stevents. 'of the Royal Marine Artillery. The RoyalWest India Mail Company's steamer Orinoeo,' transport No. 218; the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Ripon, transport No. 25; and the General ScrewCompany's vessel Harbinger, transport NoI. 80, sailed from Southampton for Balaklava on Saturday, for the purpose of' bringing home horses and troops. The Harbinger will touch at PIlymouth to take on board bread. The Royal Mail Comrpany's steamer Thames, transportiNo. 94; is beinggot ready at Southampton,' and will -probably leave.. for the East- to. morrow or Wednesday. It is e.Tpected that a few officer3 and troops will be conveyed by this ship to Gibraltar and Malta. The General Screw -Company's steamship Queen, of the South, transport No. 135, is also under orders forithe Black Sea, andvwill probably leave Southampton about 'the - middle of the week. ' The- steam transport Argo,-No. S1, Captain H.B Benson, belonging to the General Screw Company, arrived At Soathampton yesterday morning, from the Blich Sea,with the C battery of Roya1rtillery, :whic'h she embarked' -at Scuthampton, on the 7th of March, consisting of Major' the' Hon. D. Frazer, Lieutenants 'P. Jackson, W. H. Llewellyn, -and E. M'Laughlin, Assistant-Sargeon W.M. .; Milton, -152 men, and -190 horses. The Argo arrived atBalaklava on the 28th of March, and remained there five days, but, the intelligence of the conclusion of peace reaching' before the disembarcation of the horses and troops had takenplace, orders were immediately given for her to return to England. The Argo left Balaklava for Southampton on the 2d of April. She arrived at Constantinople on the 4th, ind having taken on board, for England, LieutenantColonel Thomas, R.H.A., ono civil servant, and one soldier; Captain Gould, 63d Regiment, aud one soldier; Lieutenant Preston, 3d Light Dragoons, 2 soldiers, and 2 horses; Veterinary Surgeon Carter, -R.A; Mrs. Birt, three children, and servant; three -civilian carpenters, and 12 distressed seamen, she sailed again on the 6th: inst. In consequence of being windbound the Argo -was compelled to anchor for 40 hours at the,. entrance to the Dardanelles, and therefore did not reach Malta until the 13th. She sailed on the following morning for Gibraltar, at which port she embarked Captain Piele, Royal Artillery, and servant and one private of the - 54thRegiment, and left forlEngland on the 21st inst. Dnring the homeward voyage the Argo on the 1°th inst. exchanged signals with the British bark Edward and the British ship Charlotte off Cape de Gatt, steering to the westward; on the 22d, offCapeSt. Vincent, exchanged signals with the GeneralScrew Company's ships Golden Fleece and Jason, standing" 'tothesouth-east, also spoke the same company's ship Pro-' pontis, bound to Liverpool; on the 23d- inst. signalled the. brigantine Rattlesnake, standing to the south-west, and on the 25th spoke the steamship Emperor standing to the southward. The Argo has,in addition to Government stores, 210 tons of freight, consisting of guns, gun-carriages, &c. Since leaving England, although during portions of the time she met with heavy weather, she has not lost more than 16 horses. The remainder are in excellent condition, and the order and cleanliness of the ship are strikingly observa-: ble. It was not known whether the Argo would disembark her freight at Southampton, orders having not ye., arrived. This vessel is the fiust which has returned from the Crimea with any of the available material of war since the peace, and -no doubt will be speedily followed by others' with a like cargo. The Hydaspes, which sailed from Southampton the day after the Argo, had disembarked her horses and troops at Constantinople. ,Te Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamer Simla, transport No. 118, will, it is expected, leave.- Southampton for the Crimea to-day to assist in bringing -home a portion of the English army. The freight ship Alice and Ann has-been taken up by Government, and appointed to embark 2,000 barrels of powder from Woolwich, to- be shipped at Gravesend for Quebec. Major Biddulph's company of Royal Artillery, under orders for Australia, have been for some day's past in daily attendance at Woolwich Arsenal, undergoing a course -of labor.atory instractions prior to their embarcation, -with a view of obtaining a correct knowledge of the method of preparing the new fuse and signal rockets. This is the first corps o£ Artillery the Government has considered it necessary te station in that colony. The standard for Artillery recruits having been raised to 5 feet 8 inches indiscriminately, instructions have been issued for the recall of recruiting parties stationed in various provincial localities; consequently detachments in that service are daily arriving at head-quarters, woolwich. I The following appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty:-John Penn, master, to the Victory; Richard Browne, master, to the Victory; F. 0. Simpson, second master, to the Victory; G. W. Burnett, master's assistant, to the Transit. On Thursday evening a trial of the monster breech-loading cannon, the invention of Dr. Church, and now ordered by the Government- took place near the carriage works of Messrs. Browni and Marshall, at Saitley, near Birming- ham. Coloniel Gordon, with a number of gentlemein connected with the Tower establishments of Birmingham, was present. The gun is 31 feet in lengthl and calculated to throw a 64Mb. spheroidal shot with the greatest precision. In respect to the breech-loading action, it is the same as the gun proved with success at Shoeburyness, and can be fired 1,200 times without sponging or cleansing. One man can load, fire, and " lay" -it with perfect ease, and, by a very simple contrivance, the trifling recoil which occurs produces no shock, while the gun returns to its natural position without manual labour. So slight was the jar on Thursday evening upon the recoil and the return that every shot was thrown into the same-hole as that made by the first, while at a depth of about six feet. in clay and rock the latttr was completely flattened by the second shot disebarged. The perfection of the breech-,load.- lug apparatus was completely established at Shoebury ess, and the experiments at Saltley showed that the mode is ap-. plicableto heavy as well as to light ordnance. The recoil with 51b. of powder to a 321b. ball was but 11 inhes5; with 101bof powder to a 321b. ball it is about 20 inches. The exppriments gave satisfaction to those by whom they were vit nessed; and the gnu will be forthwith conveyed to Wool. wich. The gun and carriage are paten ted by Dr, Chulxoh and Mr. S. A. Goddard,
8POBTINGa INTEZLIGENCR. - - TATMT XTLs. 'aSCDv- ' A -rTm LATEST iTIG' - - '- .'' - TTHx T o TnoumAD. PROGRA|IE OF 2MEWYMAIKET FIRST SPRIG. MONDAY. ! ~~~THE B.oWLE I BLs.s The asterisks indicate the horses that are now at Newmarket, ill work . P.LAXE ofzCIO, for 3-yr-olds; colts, Sat. 7lb. and fJlieSt- 41b. P2M. SwZ. rsr- of 10 Bova each, with 100 added by theJockey ClI.b. i. for 2-yrlds; colts, Sst. 71b.; and fillies st.. 41b. The winnnr of a stake, Talue 200 sovs. incbuding the winner's own stake, to carry fib.; I Of two such stakles, 7lb. extra. T.Y.O. 26 subs. - - I SIVrsTAESr Of 50 sovs. each. for 4-yr-olds; colt'. 8st. 101b.; anud I, lle &et. 51b.; winner&of the Derby. Oaks, or Doncaster St. Leger, I Port, or Claret Sta'kes to carry 61b.; of any two of those stakes. 101b. '-, extra; maiden'hores, vwhichhave never receivede£100 for xunning second, aUowed Sib.; winners of matchea only considered maiden ' horges. Thelnstthree mike ofBRl lIffvrc. 25, 7st. 'i0b. each. Y. 0. I 3I2r. Grcville'esb. c. by ryrcbus the First-Coral, aglu;st the Duke of Bedford's 'Palm. bliLTcr, 25, 7st. lOib. eacha. Y.C. Mfr. Greville's fbr. f. by Orlando-Barcelona, agst the Duke of Bcdford's* Petn.ea.' THURSDAY. Tics OsE TsouS.ANi. OcsEr CLUBI PLATE of 50 sort; for 4-yr-olds, 7st. 21b.; S-yr-olds Sft. Sib.; 6-yr-olids and aged, Sst. 91b. B. 0. . To enter the evening before running. ffaxncc,xr PLATE of 50 sovs,. for 3-yr-olds and upwards. A. P. To enter the evening before running; the weights to be declared by 9 o'clock. HANxDICA%P SWEEPST-AEs of 25 sor, each, and only 5ft if declared by 10 o'clock the evening before running, for 3-yr-olds and upwrar,L I T.Y.C.-To close and aaineby 6 o'clocktho evening before running and the weights to be declared by 9. Three to remain in or no race. SwEErsT.Asa3 of 10 sors, each, for 3-yr-olds; colts, Sst. 7ih; and filliesm Set. 4Ib.; the winner to be sold for SO sova., if demanded. & -c. First half of Ab. 3L To cose and name by 6 o'clock the evening before running. Swmes'rAmzs of 10 sas,. each, for 2-yr-olds ; colts, St.6 ib.; and fillies, Sst. 31b. T.Y.C. To dloss and name by 6 o'clock the e;ening before running. Tbho O.E Tnoesa.%-%D GumNms STSEFS, a subscription of 100 sov each, h. ft., for 3-yr-old fillies, Set. 71b. each, The owner of the second to receive back his stake. D.AL 33 sube F.;ESEW of the SwxsrsTxs of 100 soas. eeh, h. ft., for 3-yr-old olts, Mt. 7tb. Tho winner of the Two Thousand Guineas Stakes to carry 51b extra, D.M. "Tyre *Ar6iger I Voivode I Peter Waikns FRIDAY. Tin Zmv,r,axrwr Srur.. HAmDICAP PLATE of S0 sovs., for 3-yr-olds and upwards. Eretby Stakes Course' To enter tho evening before running, and the weights to be declared by nine. Swn7rsTAsm s of 10 sovs ecwh; for2-yr-olds, 6st. 71b.; and 3-yr-old, gSt. 71b.; mares and goldings allowed 31b. Thevwinner tobe sold for 'O sors. if demanded, &c. First half of Ab. bL To close and name I the cvening bofore running. . a,DI-As ' SWn'STAnxEs of 10 iovs. eaeb, for 3 and 4-yr-olds. W.C To close and name the evening before running, and the weights to bedeclaredby9. 5subt,ornorace. TaEx fNwAu;Er ST.A, a subacaiptioen of 50 sovs each, h. ft., fo 3-yr-olds; colts, St. 71b: and filios, 8st. 21b. The owner of the second horse to receive back his stat-a, D.NL L;ord Glasgow's o. by Birdeatcher-Miss Whip, agat Mr. Greville's c. tCerigo, by Venison-Cytherea, 8&t. 71b. each. THE CUP. The cup maybe challenged for un the IMonday or Tuezday in this meeting, to be rum for over the B.C., on Tuesday, in the First October M2eetingnext, by horses. &c., the property of memberaof the Jockey Club; 4-y-olds, Sst. 71b.; 5-Tr-olds, i.t. 21b.; 6-yr-olds and aged. 9st. 61b. . . X , E ~~WElIP. The whip may boe hallengedi for on the Mlonday or Tuceday in this meeting, and the acceptance inust be signified or the Whip resigned before the end of the same meeting. If challenged for and accepted, to be ran for on the Tuesday in the Second Octobtr Mecting following. B.C. Q st., and to stake 200 soya. each, pp. RAILWAY ARRANGEIItENTS.-B1sUsopOATZ STATION. Taesday, the Two Thousanddsy, and Thuliday, the One Thousand. -Special trmin of first-class crreiagc 'iltl leave London for New- The qUEeUN's PLATE of 100 gtuneas, for mares; 4-yr-olds, Sst. 91b,; 5.yr-olds, Oat. Slb.; ryr-olds and- aged,. lOst. 1r C. To enter the evening before running. A& Pwof £50; for 3-yr-olds, 7st. 71b.; 4-yr-olds, Sst; 121kb. 5r-olds snd:upwaxds, 9st 3lb. ; mres and geldings all'owed blb. The wimner to be sol, for 200 sovs. if demanded, dc.; if entered to be sold for £150. allowed i71b. ; if for £100, 121b.; if foi £70, RCib.; if for LW,: 211b. D.3L To enter the evening before running. HArcDICAr1 SWxnTsAns of 20 soves each, hI ft., if declared by la o'clock tho evening before running; for 3-yr-olds and upwards. T.Y.C. To close and name by 6 o'clock the eveiing bef6re running, and weights to be declared by 9. Three to remain in mo no race. SWrSrsTAxEs of 10 soes. each, for 3 yr-oeds; olts, Sst. 71b.; and fllies. Set. 4lb. The winner to be sold foi 200 sore, if demanded3, &C. T.Y.O. To clo3e and name the evening befgz rrunning. SwxrsTASx of 50 sovs. each, for foalxs of IS3; out of mires that never bred a winner; colts, Sat. 71b.; ilieis, Sat. 31'o. Those by stallionsthatnevergota winneraallow,d3lb. A.F. 6sube. :. 'rimapa . 31b.) Axi*ger 'tyne . Blueltock JMr. Huffam (3 lb.) TUESDAY. Te; Two THOVSAN-D.. H DIOIAU PLATE or 70 saos, for 3-yr-olds and uplwards. AF. To enter by 6 o'clock the evening before running, aud the weights to be declared by 9. !.SWrsTAxn of 5 soVa each, for 3-yr-olds ; colts, Sst. i1b.; and fillies, -&St.31h ThewbciertobesoldforS0sovs,if demand4 &c. T.Y.C. To close and name the evening beforo running.ra SWEErSflKES of 10 sOrS ewah, with 25 added; for 3-yr-olds, st.; 4-r I old, &st. 71k; 5-yr-olds, S6t. 1211.; 6-yr-olds and aged, 9st. The winnertobesoldforz£300. Ab.M. Toclos6 and nametheevening before running. SWExals of 5 sovs. each, with 25 added, for 2-yr-olds, colts, 8st. 71b.; andflles, Sot. 31b. Thewinnertobesoldfor£1e0. Fjrst baif of Ab. H. To closo and name the evening before nmning. Fve subs., ornorace.. . SwExrnsezt s of 300 sor. each, 100 ft.for 4-yr-ods; colts, t. nvl.r - , ndd iles. Sdt.2k. .C. ScubaE. i - VWEDNESDAY. SWEEPbTARES B'OR 2-YR-OLDS. IEA.2 CM LT3E of 50 sors, for 3-yr-olds andupwards. l.M. Co be entercdthcerevenng,befare running, and tho wreights tobeodeard | by9., S G HA?NDIQxa SWMPESTAsS of 10 sovs, faub, for 3-yroids andupwardi The winn6r to be soldforOBsoys. if demnandd . . iirtbslfof Ah IL To-closeaudnamotheeveningbeforerunne;ng, and. the weights to bo declared by 9. SxExrsAnxBs of 50 sm.s, each, h ft., for 3-yr-olds; colts Sst. 71b.;! aad , fillies, St 31b.; those by stallios or out ofnmare that .never bred a .nner-axel3h *nl 1u>Tx 1' ,wFXPsTAXR1 of 10Dsovs. eacb, h. ft. :for !-yr-o6da; colts,&st. 71b.: ;, and filles, &st. lb. The *Inner of the Cdlumn or Two Thousa6d :, GuineasStakestocambytlb.; ofbotEitho',3e3 ,s 101b.:extra. D-M=. -SWLErsn of 50 sovs eah" ih. ft., for 3-yr-o1ds: colts 8st. 71b.; a6a- SThei, &t. 31b.; those by ttaflions or out of maes that never bred a i-iner allowed 31b.; only oie allowance. l.X. M I mwkret at U5 am.= returingfromNeiwAket oftelour fterQtelmt O", c . ' I L I . a I - . I w :On the Two Thousand dlpecis alz i*m *E fn% eooAsd rl rstre' 111 tXc -_ . I Andwill retumn from Iewmarmet at 6.45p.nL same day. ORDflA1Y TRA S.- DAYS. . rrmO LoNDox. . D3JA -N -ZWMAI .6 30 m., fi;t, seeoxid, nd tbrd clas .. .. 11 5a.m. 8 ' a.m., ist andsewnd class (ulck .. .. It 5a.m 21 0 9-am.frstandsecondcela.:* .. 2 'S-pm. -. 0S p.m., f nt and soond d(asexpres) .. .. 7 48 P.m Th0M tIZXWMA5XE. j DWi -AT LG,0NZ0y. S 15 :am., ##t andsecond claw (expreo? .. It 0 a.m. 815 a.m., first. seeond, aud tbird class .. .. 12 40 p.m. 1230p.mL lAt andsecondclass ... . :. 3 40 p.m. 4 30 p..L first dd s deconilas . .. -7 45 p.m. --FRDAY, M&T 2.-A special- train of first clas carriages wil leave 3Rewmanl-et for London one hourafterthe last race.
THE MOON CONTBOYERSY., . - TO THE EDITOR OF TEE -TDM[ES. Sir,-As the dispute aboutthe moon's rotation has excited such general interest, and the popular faith in astronomical -authorities seems to waver, perhaps you will- consider the following worth the space it wiU occupy. I have rendered' ib as concise as is compatible with clearness. -The same hemisphere of the moon is not always presented to tlse earth's centre. There is libration in longitude, and also in latitude. The former is caused by the fact that the velocity of the rotatioh is -not always equal to that of the revolution, being sometimes greater and sometimes less. This arises fromnithe circumstance of the velocity of revolution being variable, while that of rotation is rigorouLsly uniform. The libration- in latitude arises from the fact thatthe axis of rotation is not rigorously parallel to that of revolution, but inclined to itat asmall angle (1'30'108.)y The phenomenon of rotationis therefore distinct from anAd independent of that - of' revolution. The two motions have different velocities, and take place round different axesThey cannot therefore. be identical, and this disposes of the question of the rotation which is demonstratively established. So far, therefore, as the particular case of- the moon is concerned, the argument of Messrs. Iopkins, Symons, and those who agreewith them, faUs to the ground; but the general question raised by them.remains untouched. That question is this-Suppose a globe to revolve in a circlel round a centre of attraction so as to present the same hemisphere always to that centre,-will such a globe have a motion of rotation or not? Your correspondents say- No. Astronom6rsnniversallysay Yes. It is no answer to the question to say that no such case exists, or ever could exist in the physical universe, unlessthe revolving body vwerefixed by a material connexion to the centre of revolution, as bodies on the surface of the earth are to the terrestrial axis. This only goes to show that the question is merely one of curious speculation and of no practical importance _whatever. It is well understood that, under the physical conditions in which the bodies of the solar system are placed - unform circular motion round a centre -of attraction is i m- possibIe. -The orbit must in such cas-es bo an ellipse, and tbhe motion of revolution must, therefore, be variable, increasing in velocity as the distance decreases, and vice rerPi. The motion of axial rotation must, on the contrary, be rigorously uniform, and consequently the libration in longitude, observed in the case of the moon, is a physical neces. sity, and becomes an incontrovertible Proof of a rotation distinct from-and independent of revolution. - But let -us accept, for argument's sake, the imaginary, though ;hysically impossible, supposition of a globe re volving round a centre of attraction so as to present the -same hemisDhere rigorously to that centre. -Your' correspondents explain this phenomenon by supposing it to be identical *vith the case of a globe connected dth the centroiti th~esame manner in wfhich the paxts of the earth?s sarface are connected vith its axis; and they consequentlyidentify,th& mnotion of. revolution with a motion-of rotations of w)hicl the axis is a-line drawn through the centre of attraction at right angles to the piane of the orblt. Astronomers, bn the other hand, would explain the phenomenon by supjooing the globeto have -a motion of rotation rigorously eqiuil in velocity to that of its revolution and round an aids parallel to its axis of revolution. The adequacy of this explanation is so obvious - that it may be demonstrated by any clever school-boy who is familiar wvith the. elements of geometry. In fine, the question is purely speculative and of no practical interest whatever.- The supposition of Messrs. Io inns and Symons would explain the supposed but physically -impossible phenomenon, but it would require the admission of s 6onnexion between-the revolving, body and the centre of revolution even more inconceivable than the suppOsition itself. : All astronomers vdill perceive that I have here purposely discussed the question in popular terms, und illdstrated itby popular arguments. It would have been ziaich easier and more conclusive to have applied to it the machiner& of mathematical physics, but that would not so well suit the half-mnillion readers and hearers of 27T lTimes. - I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, - i DION. LARDNER' - Paris, April 25. :
GAVAZZI nT OXrORD.-A correspondent furni Ies us with the following statement:-"For the last few days Oxford has been thrown into a state of considerable excitement, ia con equence of a visit from Father Gavazzi. 4avazzi had last- week been delivering a course ,of ltetuxes in Cambridge, where we hear he was favoiaably received, and he proposed to give identically the same in Oxford, in order to test the comparativb state of feeling in the two universities. It was a pretty well iunderstood thing that there was to be a row, and that men were going, as we heard it ingenuously confessed, not to hear him, bat to prevent him from bein heard. The first maeeting w-as on Tuesday night. The Mayor took the chair as a matter of form, and the men kicked up a row as'a matter of course. The lecture, howvever, proceeded with considerable interruation, which the Father pleasali said he looked upon as i slight prelude to the eventsof she coming evening. The subject ehosen for the second evenig was, considering the nature of the audience, most una'-. visedly selected-'Paoseyismu.' Lecture, howvever, there *,ould not be said to be any, for the confusion effectually prevented anything like a consecutive discourse, and Gavazzi contented himself wvith a succession of sharp and] pointed remarks, which elicited the involuntary laughter and applause of those whose primary intention was to -hot and fire crackers, as on the previous night. The Father shouted against, the shouting of numbers, and with indomitable pluck and spirit withstood the wild storm of shrieks and hisses, preserving his temper admirably, and displaying a great power of repartee. In the hope of quelling the disturbance, -one of the proctors stood forth to address the meeting. The appearaiice of the proctor, whom most undergraduates consider astheir natural enemy, called forth a savage yell of satisfaction, and it Was some little time before a hearing could be obtained. In a few well-chosen phrases the rev. gentleman said that the Father, as a stranger speakingaforeign language, had a claim on their indulgence, especially as he woald carry away his impresionsfOxfoifr°mthe eemn°'s proceedings. U' on he whple, however, the address of the roctorhadtheenect of adding alittlefurther confusionto the existing disturbance. Gavazzi, however, perseveringly stood his ground till the time fixed for the breaking up of the 'meetng, and announced 'his intention of lecturing again the ensuing evening. Although there certainly existed a strong feeling in Oxford against Gavazzi's views, it was evident that a large majority was at least in favour of an impartial hearing, and the confusion mainlyproceeded from a few cliques of, perhaps, the least reputable part of the university-men whose conduct was the more discreditable as there were a number of ladies present. One was irresistibly remiaded of the description Persius gives of the ' fast' men of his own day, IArcadiacpccuaria 2zdere credas.' .We believe there was a consultation next day between the university and city authorities, and a larTe' number of special constables were swora in. The specials, with the true instinet of town against gown, were only too happy to have an opportunity of exhibiting their valour -against the university men. It had been evidently intended to renew to a still greater extent the disturbance of the previous evening, but the result was a very manifest failure. About seven or eight of the ringleaders were ignominiously turned out, and after their ejection Gavazzi spoke on theInquisition with all his eloquence and gesticulation, and carried his audience with him, sentence .after sentence, till the concha'sion, 'many wvho came 'to hiss remaining to cheer.- It would be quite superfluous to enter into a detail of the wellkilowa arguments and illustrations which this celebrated Italian is in the habit of employing while advocating his views; but 1 may state that he is rapidly attaining a very remarkable mastery over our language, and on this occasion spoke, with great fluency aiie comparatively little accent, verypure and idiomatic English. INot the least noticeable part of the different proceedings was the exccited multitude who everynight followed Gavazzi and his escort of university and city gentlemen, aid who cordially cheered him and gave groans for his gowned opponents. On Friday morning the Father gave a final lecture intheTown-hall, which passed offwith the mostperfect quietude; indeed, being a Saint's-day, and therefore a holy. day, university men, according to their wont, vwere scattered over the couatry, ip the river, in the cricket-fields, at break- fast parties; andthere was the most peaceable and attentive l audience conceivable, consisting chiefly of Ladies ahd senior members of the university. The reception was most en- thusiastic. The 'Mayor (Mr. Pike), in an amusing speeeh- i proposed a vote of thanl;s to Father Gavazzi, and remarked, thlat he would have a most complete revenge over his oppo. nesits if he-only had an opp6rtunity of witnessiig the' figure such men Mould be likely to cut at their examinations. The motioa was cairied' by acclamation, and Gavazzi acknowledged the kindness and hospila]ity of the Mayor and of those memibes of. the university who had every day invited him to a round of' entertainments, froma breakfast to supper. After leaving a aum- ot noney for charitable pVu poses Signor' Gavazzi left for town the same after on,m"
Jl) AD7TERATION OF IFOOD, &c, The commlefitte'1le No. 17, Mr. Scholefield in thecbhalr. Mr. John Jackison, -mi lr, caing on business near Wikeffeld, sidhe w &member c an ohin buds bear prosecuted for vending adulterated flour, bnt th6 esult of the trial was to pfove tiat the charge was 'entirely un. fonndeLd The Inspector of Nuisaano cames-to.premiises and seized the Ilour without any notice. Witness xpl&ted 'the c-ise-of ip miiller who ha 3l17 sack-s of flouresized at one time. It was: brought beforethe- *tt, jdi the flour,was -proved. to contain A small quautit Q- China clay, and a fine. of W1. ws inflicted. A quantity 'of the china clay was found - - the ila-itatiol after this conviction, but no one:'as found to own it' UModerate inspection of ms most desble, no dl. terating article (even alum) coud he so til with the flour as at the inills,and if theyoould e i would be very little adulteration. In witneas ml ntn but pure wheat was sold, but he had no hesitation in - nigttig that in almost every part of Lancashiro'taud Yor'shire the practice of' adulteration hsteadilypevatled until lately, v,hen the connctions had put agreat check upon it. The-fear of the extensive seizures to whichthenmille were liable-had produced this smproveysent~ a fine and exwposre would not have done- so alone. Any inspector whio might be-appointed should be a thoroughly compeent nerr5011 and capableof distingoishinghetween thevrious kn;f hflour, -and he should also confine his atnntion to that one subject. With respect to the presenet enactment-which prohibited the nixhire of peasorheans with flour, witnear tendghtit quit unnecessary, as when wheat was a littlo tener 'headdtion of iine old beans would goreatly im~prove the ffour, but hie should'deprecate any other mi-stores, most especially alum. Hle would remark, in conclusion, to showr the necessity of competent inspectors, that it would be very dangerous-if an inspector atLiverpool were to make-a mis. take similar to the inspector at Wakefield. he Americau 'floUr sometimes arrived in a very wanr state, andit was put on the quay inthe barrelsfora few days,whenitcooled, and would then keep for twvoyeas but if an unfiualHed ilUpector were to see the flour in the wann state ae nmight con. demn it as iufit for food, and perhaps confiscate -10,0D'.- -worth of property, 7which might lead to very serious conse. quences. The power of seizure at present w,as too large.. Mr. Richter, analStical chynist at Messrs. Savory and _ioore's, said he had had considerable experience With regard to the law affecting ch an druggistsin Germany. About 30 or 40 years ago thcstate of things in'Ger~any was similar to that in England, but, by the introduc-tion of Aaw which tended to raise the state of education of chymists, he believed the adulteration of drugs was abolished. He thought part of the law in force in Germany might with advantage be introduced into England, partcularly that portion whvich related toe the education of th chymists, and the Pharnmaceutical Society of this country was already a very important institution for the accomplisnieit of, this object. 'All chymist, and drugi should he licensed and, undergo an examination hefore bciuX allowed to practise. In Germany there was no law as to the importation of drogs, and'-this was of no consequence, as manyt valuable preparations might be obtained from inpure dregs as imported. What he should insist upon wrould e the purity- of articled whoa adminis saired to thelpublic. Ie thought it also a very impordbt matter that the difference now e'cistin" between. thetPhare macopceias of London, Dublin, 'and ldinburgh should hn abolished, as the variation in tbe strength of the arious preparations was a lvery sernous ev. In Germany the prescriptions were vwritten in Latin and the directions in German. -Mr. Stafford Allen, a member of a firm of drug grinders, said he believed the public had been much abused by the evidence given before the committee with reupect to-'tho drug grinders. In 1833, when his firm was established in London, it was the general wish of the wholesale drug trade for the estabeshment. o some grinder in "ihom they could haye confidence. eitness w;as not prepafaed to say disbonest grnders had been entirely got rid of, but grndiug was carn-ed on in a much better way at present, and he believed drugs ,erc never before so purely administered to the public. 'What w as called the 4 per cent. system witness had never adopted; he thought it unfair to both p artier. Composite powders he had also from'the first refused to make or sell. Witness, in conclusion, said he did not see any benefit to be derived from legislative interference betweenk the retail druggist and the consxnfer. The public wvere supplied with -drugs in so pure a state ^.hat very Little improvement could be made. The Comumittee then adjouneed until Wednesday next, at half-past 12 o'clock.
THE' HARDWICKE REFOi-WrAOny, NEAlt GLoOESTER.-In 7ic lTinzes of the -14th inst. were printed certain resolutions passed by the grand jury a' Glocestershira Assiz1es, relative- to the want- of public support to this establishinent, aud stating that there was a considerable defiCiency- Xthe funds on the past year's account. 331r. Baker. the benevolent managerand founder of this institution, has published his annual report, showing this deficiency and the progress of the establishment. In this report Mr. Baker obobserves :-"During this year the average number of our boys has been increased by mnore than a third of 'the number of last year. This, however,miust nothetaken as a pr6of that crime is increasing. Of 36 committed to us in the year, nine have been received from other counties, and 13 more were cases sent to us on the first conviction, and who appear rather to have been -boys momentarily led astray than hardened offenders. -Indeed a -strong change has been per. ceptiblei in the general character of the boys received. The sharp, clever, highly educated (iin the usual accep. tation of the term), but determined thief, who has jun Ins evil course for some years, and been often convicted and is able and willing to corrupt others- has given place to a set wh7o appear to have 'erred from a want of knowledge rather -than a determined propensity. Rough and uneducated from the vwildest parts of the country rather than from the towns, many of them appear more or less deficient in reason. . . . 'lhe proportion of sharp, clever town thieves, -who used to eionsfitute nearly the whole of our numbers, has diminished greatly. In the year we 'have received 36 boys; 27 from our own county and nin,e from other couDties. Of our -own 27, three are from Glocester, 11 from Clieltenham, and 13 from different parts of the county. Of the town-boys - only four have been of the class who' are employed ix corrupting and instruxting others. Fiive others have been very bad boys, two niiddling, and three, I beh've, only led astray by a momentary temptation. With regard to what -we more strictly call the reformation of the boys (although this is a term I never like to ume in the past tense, as we cannot possibly say that any boy is reformled), we have received, in the whole, up'to laIt Christmas, 9 boys, of whom-absconded, 5; removed without our consent, 3; apprenticed, 7; in trade, 8; in service, 3; at sea, 6; emigrated, 1; returned to their friends, 6; gone to other schools, 31; now in the school, 24; total, 94. Of the 31 whom we have put out in the world, either as apprentices, in trade, or the like, three have since been dishonest, two -of them under very strong temptations, and thethirdwasunsatisfactory,andthey have been discharged from their Places, but are now working honestly. The other 26 are still going on satisfactorily." With regard to finance, Mr. Baker reports that the total cost bf the school for the first three years was 1,=281 19i. 2d. exclusive of the prime cost of building, but inclusive of purchase of stock. HIad they received from the first the Government allowance of 5s. a-week (wvhich is now granted), it would' have repaid 6201. 15s. of that money. The grant, too, from the Privy Council would have amounted to about 701. UIJITED RAGGED SChOOL MEEraLNG.-The annual meeting of the friends and patrons of the Huntsworth-mewvs and Hill-street and theLiszon-grovel'agged Schoolstookplaca at the Marylebone Institution, Edwards-street, Portmansquare, the 33arl of Shaftesbury presiding. His Lordship expressed his regret that ragged schools were not moro liberally encouraged throughout the metropolis, and observed that if they were properly diffused over those localities where they were most needed the result would go far to supersede the necessity of those institutions which were established for the reformation of criminals. There wera at present only-15,COO-scholars ncder daily instruction in these schools-a very small proportion out of the vast numbers of those destitute children for whose benefit they 'vere intended. In this state of things many were turning their attention to State assistanvc, and hoped to obtain a grant fromn Government. Now, in his opinion, all Government grants, unless applied to a specific purpose, were objectionable, and in the present instance the effect might be to subvert the great system of teaching adopted in ragg=ed schools. There wvere, however, ways in which State assistance might be solcted aithout compromising their independence. - If they asked for money in general terms the Government would have a right to interfere with the whole principle on which these institutions were founded; but if they applied for aid in the shape of a contribution towards a particular feature in the schools-the industrial part, forinstancethey might accomnplish a desirable object, but in no other way would he advise such a course. It appeared that some people had taken exceptiontothe term "Tagged schools," andwere anxious to substitntethe-word "industnal"or "free," but he beggedin the outset to protest against any tampering with that most graphic and appropriate title, which literally defined the nature and object of these institutions; and he could not help saying that if they changed the name he should request them to remove him from the presidentehip of the Ragged School Union. The report of the Huntsworth-mew;-ar.dlBill-street schools stated that the average attendance in the different schools had been as follows:Boys Sabbath afternoon and evening schools, GO - week day school, 50; week evening 'school, 15; industriaf 'class, 13;girls' and infant day school, 105; girls and adult evening school,l14; girls and adult Sabbath afternoon school, 33; while the number of boys and girls on' the books attending the different schools amounted to nuo leas than S00. From 40 to 50 boys and-girls had attended a place of worship every Sunday. T'he indu$trisl schools had been very beneficial Children not'iu-ore"tha-n two years old were taught to tear old envelopes iuto small pieces, which were afterw-ards used as stu<n~forpillows, while about 40of the older girls were reg,iiarlymstruxcted in needlewvork; 13 boys and 35 girlrhad obtained situations duing the past tear, making a total oE 358 sincethe estabEsahment of theinstitution. Intheshoeblack brigade there w erenow 7 boys, while 8others had left during the year,who at the time of going away had a collectivesum of 23U.2. 2.d. in the bank, and of the 7 nowremaing one had a Sum of 12L in the bank. The reief fund had been ve satisfactory in its results, and one old lady bad relievei a: her own expense 24,560 little ones w tith soup&c. Thc accounts showed a balance in handof on Th 1. 7s. 0Od. which was much to be regretted, as the annnupl subscriptions were not sufficient to meet the salaries, t say nothin of the rent, coals, and other incidental exnses The report of the Lisson-grove schools stated that toe Sunday evening school, which was devoted exclusive3- to religious instc tion, numubered about 230 scholars end 23 teachers during the winter mouths; but this gave 'a -ery imperfect ides of the total nunmbers, on account of theauigratorv habits of the scholrs, r.nd it might be said fhat upwaros of 500 had attended altogether. In the daily infant school the attendance averaged about 210, and the other schools w,ere progressing in an equally satisfactory m-'amcr, though uan~or~tu-ely the baiance-sheet of the in,stitutio0n showe1 aW debt due to the treasulrer of 29.'. at the cpd of the pasS yeaT. Both reports wfere adopted.
-- i - LAW REPORT. rYTTaT OF (ANY. tR-TT.V'Q To APDMTT. 92 - I AETIE V. ROGERS. (BcfreG tac LORDCUA-NCR.LTR et3U tlic LOins JuxsTIEs nip A'wALTr.-l lass was a speciai case unaer nir t_+eorge i Qrners AMs, To obtain the opinion of the Court as to the construction of a clause in the will of Edward Regers, dated the 20th of Mtarch. 184L The testator, by his will, gave 20001. to each of his two nephews, " if they respectively survive and attain the ageof 21 years, when the legacies to my nephews are to be paid. In case of the death of either of my said nephews leavin-issue such issue totake the parent's legacy, as by his will drected; if no will, equally but in ca-e of the death of either of mysaid nephews before his lega is payab!e Eis legacy to go to the survivor of my said nephews." The two nephews ha-ve attained 21 years of age, and have no issue. The sole question was whether under this clause each nephew lpon his attaining the ae of 21 years became entitled to the legacy of 2,0001. absolutely, or only took a life interest in it, with a gift over to his isse on his deatb. The case was heard before the Lord Chancellor on the 19th of March last, when his Lordship held that the nephews did not take the legacies absolutely on attaininig 21 years of age; but, after a consideration of subsequent clauses in the will, he felt some doubts whether that wVas the proper construction, and therefore requested the assistance of the Lords Justices in a rehearig. Mr. Flmsley (3Mr. Boyle with him) appeared for the nephews; and Mr. Daniel (Mr. Piggott with him) for the trustees. The LoBD Cms,Numoui said the Court was called upon IoTput an i4terpretation upon certain words in an ill-drawn sill-words which probably neither the testator nor his legal adviser knew the effect of. He was, after an elaborate argument, of the same opinion that he had expressed on a former occasion-namely, that the nephews were only entitled to the incomne of the legacies for life. The LonDs JUSncEs concurred. nr BASERUTPTCY. n.IRE rALUaER, EX PARTE CRABB A_fD A2NOTIIER. This was a petition respecting the alleged bankruptcy of the notorious William Palmer, of Rugeley, in the county of Stafford. It appeared that the petition for an adjudication was presented on the 2Stk day of January last to the Court efBankrup tcy in Birmingham, praying that Palmer might he adatda bankrupt, on the ground that he had comnitted an act of bankruptcy by remaining in prison a Period of 21 days after an arrest for debt. It appeared that Palmer was arrested in December Last, but on account of ill health was not taken to prison, and was allowed to remain in his own house, in the custody of a sheriff's officer. While in such custody he was committed to Stafford gaol on a charge of felony. Mr. Commissioner Balgny was of opinion that :Palmer's remaining in prison after his arrest for felony was not such" a lyin in Prison" as was contemplated by the 69th section of the Bankrupt Law Consolidation Act, 1849, snd refused to adjudge him a bankrupt. The petition was then brought by way of appeal before the Lords' Justices, but, uapon a question as to the jurisdiction of the Court to entertain an appeai in such a case, the matter as to that point was directed to be argued before the fuL Court. The question turned upon the effect of the 12th clause of the abovementioned bankrupt act. By that clause it is enacted " that the Court (meaning the Court of Bankruptcy) shall have superintendence and control in all matters of bankruptcy, and shall hear, deternine, and make order in any matter of bankruptcy whatever, so far as the assignees are concerned, relating to the disposition of the estate and effects of the bankrupt, or of any estate or effects taken under the bankruptcy and claimed by the assignees for the benefit of the creditors, or relating to any acts done, or sought to be done, by the assignees in their character of assignees by virtue or under colour of the bankruptcy, and aLso in any matter of bankruptcy whatever as between the assignees and any creditor or other person appearing and submitting to the jurisdiction of the Court, and also in any application for a certificate of conformity and in any other uatter (whether in bankruptcy or not) where the Court, by virtue of this act, has jurisdiction over the subject of the petition or applcation, and subject in all cases to an appeal." Mr. DE GRX, for Palmer, contended that before the passing of the act of 1849 the Court of Review had no jurL diction by way of appeal where the commissioner, as in the present instance, had refused to adjudicate, and cited -five cases in support of his argument. The act in question had nowhere in express terms given such new jurisdiction, and could such authority be inferred from the wording of the 12th section ? A variety of cases of primary jurisdiction were there enumerated, and an appeal afterwards given. The words " subject in all cases to an appeal" onlvy ad reference to the cases previously set forth in that clause, and the non-adjudication of a commissioner was not to be found in the list. Mr.Daniel and Mr.A. Smith for thepetitioning creditors were not called npon. Lord Justice K-xiGirr EBtrE, in the absence of the Lord Chancellor, who had left the court shortly before, delivered judgment. He stated that the Lord Chancellor had authorized him to say that his impression when he left the court, subject, of course, to any argument that might afterwards be adduced, was that the hearing of the appeal upon its aerits ought to go on, and vwith that opinion he (Lord Justice Knight Bruce) concurred. The case would therefore be Eirst on tie paper of the Lords Justices for Monday next. Ordered accordinlgy.
VICDECHANCELLORS' COURTS. APIUT. 92 BLUNT V. LACK (Before Vike-Chanoelor Sir R. T. KXTN-DrRS vI The arguments in this case, which has been already noticed in STe Time.e, were resumed to-day, after the routine business had been disposed of, and are still proceeding. (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir J. STUetT.) IAVWFORD V. SPICER-IS THE MATTER OF A SOLICITOr OF THlE CO;RT. This wasa motion on behalf of one of the defendants, Phsebe Grant Spicer, the wife of the frst defendant, Henry Spicer, to conunit the solicitor of the defendant [henry Spicer to the Quee7ns Prison, for breach of an undertaghng gaien by him as such solicitor, as before-mentioned, as contrned ian an order made in this cause on the 13th of March last. The facts of the case vere as followv:-On the 1:3th of Marchy last the defendant Henry Spicer, then under'aking, and his solicitor also undertaking, that no attempt should be made, either directly or indirectly, by reason of the production of the defendant Phoibe Grant Spicer before, the examiner of the Court, to discover her residence, or in any way to molest her, and the defend.ant H. Spicer's solicitor undertaking to give due notice of the time and place of her examination, and not to disclose the same to HI. Spicer, or to any person or persons on his behalf, and H. Spicer and his solicitor having signed the registrars 'cook accordingly, the Court ordered that the time for closing the evidence in the cause shlould be enlarged until one maonth after Mrs Spicer had been produced and examined. Mrs. Spicer attended as a w;itness on behalf of her huscband before the examiner on the -17th inst., and afterher examination had been concluded her husband's solicitor served her with a subpcena to appear as a witness in another cause of " Spicer v. Dawson." An objection having been made on Mrs. Spicer's behalf to the service of the subpeLna on her, the examiner read to Mr. Spicer's solicitor the terms of the undertaking contained mn the order of the 1:3th of March last, and wvarned him that he wvould make such service at his periL Mr. Spicer's solicitor thereupon expressed his willingness that the before-mentioned undertaking should be extended to the production of Mrs. Spicer as a witness in the cause of "Spicer v. Daw.son.", Mr.RENSAitiv, for Mrss. Spicer, in support of the motion, contended that the service by Mr. Spicer's solicitor upon Mrs. Spicer of the subpeena to appear as a witness in the causo of " Spicer v. Dawson" wvas a clear breach of his undertaling that no attempt should be made, either directly or indirectly, by reason of her production before the examiner to molest her in any way. Mr. B.AcoN- and Mr. W. MORPIS, for the husband, were heard against the motion, but The VICa-CH4 ScELLOP. at the conclision of their address said that if he had understood they appeared for Mr. Spicer he would not have heard them. Mr. Spicer's solicitor then addressed the Court in person, but he 'was inandible at the bar. The VICE-CILVXCELLOP, at the conclusion of the address of Mr. Spicer's solicitor, said,-I understand you to say you did not in'end to commit any contempt of Court or any breach of the undertaking 9 Mr. Spicer's solicitor said that was so. The VICE-CILNCELLO1' said the only question was whether there had 'oeen any breach of the undertaking deliberately given by a genleman wvho was a solicitor of the Court that the production ol Mrs. Spicer before the examiner should not bc made the means of molesting her in any way. After having given the undertaking, Mr. Spicer's solicitor took the opportunity of Mrs. Spicer's appearing before the excaminer to serve her with a subpcena ina nother cause. That such service was not agreeable to Mrs. Spicer, and that it was considered by her as a molestation, was certain; and it was also certam that it wvas a molestation within the meaning of the order. If the Court had known that such a proceeding as that complained of would bave been adopted, it would have taken steps to guard against it. It was stated on oath that the examriner told Mr. Spicer's solicitor that, in serningthe subpcenaon 3trs. Spicer, he was proceeding at his peril; and Mr. Spicer's solicitor, by offering to given neow undertaking, showved he considered that what he had done was a departure from the undertaking contained in the order of the 13th of March. Mr. Spicer's solicitor conceived he was doing what was justifiable; but whien he (the Vice-Chancellor) found the undertaking broken botlX in letter and spirit it was impossible the Court could omit to mark its sense of the conduct of that gentleman. He would not commit him to prison, but he must impose upon him the costs of this application. He should make no order as to the costs of Mlr. Spicer, as it was not necessary to serve him with a notice of the present motion. (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. WO OD.) iAYSARD XND ANOTHIER V. BATES, A DDIRECTOR OF THE AROGS L ASSURANCE COMPANY, AUND OTHERS. Mr. WILLCOCs (Mr. Smale with him) appeared for the plaintiffs, and stated that this suit had been rendered necesEary by conflicting claims to a policy of assurance which had been effected by the late Mr. Edward Turner. The plaintiffs were assignees of -the policy for eecuring sums of money to them exceeding the sum gayable on the poli The assured died in 184, and from t'iat time to the present the questions between the plaintifts and the representatives of 3 - Turner had prevented the payment of the sum owed by the company. The defendants, who claimed the sum assured adversely to the plaintiffs, were now satisfied, and consented to their receiving the amount. A question bad been raised whether the company was bound to pay any interest on the money which they had thus had the use of for several years, but it appeared that after much negotiation the cormpany had consented to be charged with interest, at 3 per cent., from the year 184, the date of Mr. Turner's death. Mr. Chapman Barber, Arr. Prendergast, and Mr. Dauney appeared for the several defendants, and a decree was made aceording to the arrangement between the parties. B'Orv{lESE V. BORGEM5E. This was a suit instituted onbehalf of the infant plaintiff. who is the only surviving child of the Prince and Princess FpQrghese, and is nof the wife of the Puc di Sora, and the object Of -the-suit-is to obtain a declaration of the.rights and interests of the plaintiff and her, father under certain ixnstruments exrecuted on his marriage withi her mother, who was the youngest daughter of theteli EaTrl of Sbhewabuwy, and also a declaratioi as t°o the rights of herself and her father in the read andyersonsal estate of Lord Shrewsbury. baving regard to certan clauses inl those instruments. The Prices ]orges, te mthr o te plaintiff has been dead many years. ' The suit neorwcaeoA for the purpose of havng soe preiminar inquries ade ad a long discusiontoo plce s o wat hoe inuiresshould be, one of he aindificutie inthecas beng heconstruction of the instruments in question according tote Roman laws. The Vice-Chancellor ultimately ar that he would settle the necssary inquries himself. Mr. Rolt, Mrx. W. X James, Mfr. Bagshawe, Q.C., Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Calzms, .Mi. Fleming, Mr. Bagsbawe, jun., and Mtr. W.FY. Jackson appeared for the several parties.
COURT OF QUENS BENCH. WXT RA-PRTr. 9. BITTLESTON A-ND ANOTUM V. IOoGEr. (btInga in Banco, beWom Lord CA3EBELL and Jugftices WIGHTMA?f and CoRrMoP.) air. .IELD moved tor a rule to show cause why there should not be a new trial in this case, upon the ground that the verdict was against the evidence, and also on affidavits. The question arose on the trial of an interpleaded issue directed to try whether the plaintiffs, the assignees of a bankrupt named Wfebb, were entitled to the proceeds of certai goods as against the defendant, the said proceeds not being paid over to the defendant at the time when Webb was adjudged bankrupt. Thne defendant gave notice that at the trial he should dispute the trading and petitioning creditor's debt. Lord CAiPBELL said it could not have been the intention of the learned Judge td have that question tried on an interpleaded issue. Mr. FrnLD said it was not, but such was the case set up by the defendant, and the jury found that there was no petitioning creditor's debt. It appeared that a person named Luce was the petitioning creditor, and he stated that he had lent the bankrupt 100!. to commence business, and that part of this money was in notes, wvhich he gave the bankrupt to purchase some goods of Messrs. Sowerbyv and Co. lord CnerPBEnz.-The witness said he had been to California, and brought the money back with him, and that statement seemed to throw discredit on his testimony. Mr. FIELD said that since the trial the notes had been traced, and it was now proved that the 501. worth of notes had, in fact, been paid, as stated, to the Messrs. Sowerby and Co. Lord CAsPBELL said the learned counsel might take a rule. This had nothing to do with the transfer of the goods. BRtS AND ANOTHER V. MAITLAND AND ANOTHER. This case came before the Court upon a demurrer to the defendants' pleas. The declaration alleged that the plaintiffs were the owners of a general ship, named the Regina, sailing from London to Calcutta; that chloride of lime was a corrosive substance, and injurious to other goods, and required to be carefully packed; that the defendants packed and caused to be packedia quantity of chloride of lime in 60 casks, and passed it to the captain of the Regina as bleaching powder, to be carriedto Calcutta; that the captain was ignorant that the casks contained chloride of limc, or other substance of a corrosive and injurious nature; that the casks outside appeared to be sufficiently packed, but, that in fact, they were insuffiiently packed, and that by reason of the insufficient packing anld the negligence of the defendants the said chloride of lime escaped from the casks and did injure the other goods in the ship. There was a second count, which alleged that the defendants had delivered 60 casks of chloride of lime wvithout giving notice to the plaintiffs; that the master placed the same in the hold, which was a proper place for other articles, but not for articles of a dangerous character. The defendants, by 'heir third plea, as to the sufficiency of the casks, pleaded that they did not by themselves or servant pack the casks, but that they had ordered thems to be packed by Messrs. Brunett and Sons, of Newcastle, and that they, the defendants, did not know that they were not sufficiently packed. The fourth plea, as to the first count was that the master knew, or might have known, andreasonablyought to haveknown, that "bleaching powder" w as chloride of lime, and also whether the casks were sufficient. To these pleas the plaintiffs demurred. Two questions were thus raised-Ist, whether facts stated in the declaration disclosed any cause of action, and, 2dly, whethex the pleas amounted to an answer. Mr.BLACKBLrBR was heard in support of the declaration. It was admitted on the record that the chloride of lime was insufficiently packed, and the main question was what was the duty of the shipper as to the sufficiency of the packing? Lord CAtnmPDEzL.-In the state in which they were the casks were dangerous because of the packing, but that was unknown to the master. Your case is that there is an ihplied undertaking on the part of the shipper that the goods shall be so packed as not to be dangerous to the cargo. Mr. BLr,cmauxNU said that was his argmnent, but it was somewhat strange that there was no case on the subject. Lord CAwIPBFLL.-It seems to arise from the necessities of commerce. Mr. BLocinUrwx cited Story on Bailments, ss. 562, 563. It made no difference whether the defendants packed the goods themselves or not. He contended that a party who made use of a ship must do so in a reasonable manner, and he would not do so if he put on board dangerous goods. Lord CA31PBELL said a most onerous burden would be thrown upon the shipowner if he had no remedy against the shipper, when he himself was liable to the co-shipper. The second count was for patting the goods on board without giving notice of their nature. Had that been done the plaintiff^s might have refused to carrythem, or done so nly on a limited responsibility, on the deck, or in the longboat, like carboys, so that in case of necessity they might have been throwvn overboard. HIere the goods were brought to a carrer, who could not refuse to receive them, and who, it had been decided, had no right to ask what they contained. There is an implied warranty that the goods are safe, or the shipper should give notice that they are dangerous. The fourth plea said the master might have found that out; but it did not allege that he v-as negligent in not doing so. Mr. BOrILL (wvith whom was BMr. Coleridge) said the only ground upon which the action could be maintained, if at all, was that it disclosed a fraudulent concealment; there was no warranty and no contract. Lord CA.nP:EmLr.-It is admitted by the plaintiffs that there was no personal fraud or deceit. Mr. BOnILL.-Tlhe count was framed on deceit; but, as that wan ausNwered by the plea, the plaintiffs now sought to maintain the action on the ground of an implied warranty. He (Mr. Bovill) denied that the shipper was bound to pack goods so as to be fit for the voyage, not even if they were dangerous goods, such as gunpowder. MIr. Justice WIGHT3usN .-Take the case of "bleaching powder." MIr. BovILa.-The shipper snight take "bleaching powder" in a wet brown paper parcel, or he might take it in bulk. If the master did not know what " bleaching powder" wvas he should ask. Lord CA31PsELL.-Is there not an implied representation in this case that the chloride of linme was sufficiently packed? Mi\r. Justice Cpto:sron.-The plaintiffs rely on negligence, and also on warranty; either may do. Mr. BonnL. contended there was not. The fourth plea stated that the master had the means of knowledge, and that he ought reasonably to have known that "'bleaching powder "was chloride of lime. If the shipper did not pack his goods properly he must suffer for his own neglect, but if the carrier undertook to carry goods improperly packed he (the carrier) had no remedy. It was like the old case of a carrier who undertook to carry a lion in a wooden cage. Lord CAiIPBsn.-You say the damage arose from the plaintiff s servant not properly stowiing the dangerous article by placingit where it could do no harm 9 Mr. BLAcKnun_ having replied, Lord CAaIPBrLL said the Court would consider their judment. BENSON V. PAIULL. This was an action for mnzandamus under the Common Law Procedure Act, 1854, and was founded on a personal contract entered into between the parties, whereby the defendant had undertaken to accept a ease and sign a counterpast. The defendantdemurred tothedeclaration. Thisraised the question whether the 68th section of the Common Law Frocedure Act, 1854, enabled the Court to grant a mandantus for the specific performance of a contract, or whether the action for mandamus was confined to the case where the duty to be enforced *was imposed by law and not by contract, as in those cases in which the party could previously apply to the Conrt for a mandamus. The 68th kection of the act enacted that " the plaintiff in any action in any of the superior courts, except replevin and ejectment, may endorse upon the writ and copy to be served a notice that the plaintiff intends to claim a writ of mandamas, and the plaintiff may thereupon claim in the declartion, either together with any other demand which may now be enforced in such action or separate!y, a writ of mandamus, commanding the defendant to fulfil any duty in the fulfilmient of which the plaintiff is personally interested." Mr. LusH was heard in support of the demurrer, and Mlr. BoVILL in support of the declaration. Lord CAIMPBELL said hewas of opinion that the 68tll section of the Common Law Procedure Act, 1854, did not extend to any matterarising out of a personal contract. If a mandamuts should be demanded m this action, it would equally apply to every case where there was a duty following from any matter in which a party might be personally interested. It would equally apply to the case where a lady complained of breach of promise of marriage, and pars -etionel the Court would be bound to grant a mandamus on the application of a lady commanding her suitorto perform his promise, and lead her to the Hymeneal altar. It never could have been the intention of the Legislature to confer on a court of common lawa'powerwhich it could not satisfactorily exercise, so astoinsureequitybeiogdonebetween the parties. It seemed to him (Lord Campbell) that the section must be considered as applying to those c.asesinwhich before the acta mnandamus might have been obtained, and that the object was to extend the power which was previously vested inthisCourt tothe other superior courts. In thatlimitedw.ay the power of awarding a wnt of mandamus might be beneficially exercised; but to extend it to all cases where a party had a personal interest would be attended with great mischief, and he (Lord Campbell) could not consider that such was the intention of the Legislature. Mr. Justice WIGbTsAx thought the act did not extend to the case where the duty to be enforced arose out of a mere obligation to perform a personal contract. MTr. Justice CROMsPTON was of the same opinion. Judgment for the defendant. COPELN D V. NORTH-EASTERN RAILWAY COMIPANy. This case came befere the Court on a demurrer. The action was for a mandarisus, commanding the secretary of the North-Eastern Railway Company to register the transfer of certain shares. The plaintiff was the trustee under a deed whereby a person named Archer, the holder of certain shares in various comDanies, in consideration of natural aftction, conveyed tbe shares in trust for himself for life, and then in trust for his sistef and on other trusts. The company bad refused to register the transfer, unless the dee qunestion was deposited and left with the company. Sir P. TI GER, for the pIaintiff contended that ath company was entitled to have ws a declaration under Ath JIth setion of the Companies' Clauses Consolidation Act, and that tha 14th and 15th sections of that act, on which the company relied, only applied to cases where there had, been a sale of shares for a-valuable consideration. Mr. B. HmI, Q.C. (with whora was Mr. J. Addison), was heard for the company. lord CA=WJELL said the Court would consider their dec'iion. SATURDAY HALF-EOLYDAY. At 10 minutes past 3 o'clock this day, Lord CaMPBELL inquired whether any gentleman had any motion to make. As no one rose, his Lordship and the other Judges rose from their seats, and Mr. Ching, the chief usher, made the usual proclamation of -Void the bar." Loril Campbell and the other Judges of this court are known to all the world as delighting in hard work, but we trust that this first step in the right direction, though a small one, will not be without its effect, not only as an example, but also as a precedent for a further advance in the same direction. We happen to know that it was most cordially appreciated by the-bar, whose gratitude in this mat. ter is not unlike that of the politician, which consisted In It a lively expectation of benefits to be received."
COURT FOX THE CONSH)ERATION OF CROWN CASES RESERVED. APRIL 26. TIHE QUEME V. SAMUEL SLOOGEGT. (Present-TheLORD CHEF JUSTICO Of c COMMON PLAS, Arfr. Justice CREssWELL, Mr. JTustice CoiyRiDGE Mr. Justice ERLE, and Mr. Baron YAitm;.) At the sitting of the Court this morning it was announced that judgment would be delivered on Saturday next in those cases which were now standinL over for iudenent. 'nIS was an MnLictment by winch the prisoner was charged with having uttered a forged instrument, knowing it to have been forged, for the purpose of fraudulently obtaining goods from various persons. At the trial before Mr. Serjeant Channell at the last Devon assizes an objection was taken by the prisoner's counsel to an examination of the prisoner in bankruptcy being read. In that examination he stated that he had got his brother to write a letter in his father's name containing a false statement as to the prisoner's capital. He had then obtained additional credit upon the statement contained in that letter. The examinahon was read, MIr. Serjeant Channe31 reserving the point forthe subsequent consideration of this Court. The prisoner was found guilty and sentenced to two months' imprisonnment. Mr. Collier appeared for the prisoner, and Mr. Coleridge for the Crown, in support of the conviction. It was contended, on behalf of the prisoner, that the cxamination taken before the commissioner was compulsory, and that therefore it was not admissible in evidence. an examination taken under the 12th and 13th Victoria, chap. 106, sees. 117 and 120, was different from an examination at Nisi Prius, where a personmight refuse to answer a question, whereas in the examination the commissioner had the power to commit if the question was not answered, and the answer was thus obtained by compulsion. It was submitted, on the part of the prosecution, that, as the prisoner had not claimed, the protection of the Court and that protection had not been refused, thd examination was voluntary, and therefore admissible as evidence. The Lord Chief Justice JEnvis, in giving judgment, said, in his opinion, the examination was properly received, and was admussible in evidence against the party who made it. It was unnecessary in this case to express any opinion on the principal and main guestion-namely, whether, when thematter was clearly within the compulsory powers of the act of Parliament, an examination of a bankrupt in a matter where he could not fairly protest would be admissible against him. That question did not arise in the present case, where the examination was clearly not within the compulsory powers of the act, as the prisoner might have refused to answer the questions which did not touch his trade, dealings, or effects, but which he chose to answer when asked without objection. The conviction, in his opinion, ought therefore to be affirmed. The other Judges concurred. Conviction affirmed. THE QUEN V. WILUM GARDENEP. The prisoner in this case had been indicted for obtaining goods under false pretences, and was tried at Maidatone, at the Kent Quarter Sessions. The evidence adduced on the part of the prosecution went to show that the prisoner had gone to the house of one Ellen Brunsden, dressed as a naval officer, on the 13th of November last, and hired apartments at 10s. per week, On the 17th of November he told her that he was very comfortable, and should make a long stay, at the same time representing himself as the paymaster of the ship called the Duke of Wellington. On the 23d he entered into a new arrangement, by which he was topay a guinea per week for board and lodging. At the trial it was objected that the act of using representations to procure a lodging was no false pretence which could be proceeded wvith under the statute, and that the act of obtaiiung board and lodging without any fresh false pretence was only an extension of the previous contract for lodging. Mr. 3Hibton appeared for the prisoner and MIr. Horns in suPport of the conviction. Their Lordahips took time for the purpose of considering their judgment. The Court then adjourned to Saturday next.
I COURT OF CO1MMON PLEAS. WEsTmzsT. APRIL 26. IVARNER V. WIDDICOMdE. This Courftoday did not sit, -their Lordships being in the Courb of Cmninal ADneal. In this case, which came on as a motion for a new trial on Tuesday last, the action was on a bill of exchange, and the learned Judge left it to the jury to say whether the bill had been fraudulently obtained bytho plaintiff. The attorneys for the plaintiff have written two letters to us, requesting us to state that the jury found the plaintiff received the bil bon4 fide. (Sittings at PrisiuPsis, at Westminster, before Mr. Justice WmILLrAIs and a Comnnzon Jury.) D=LiOSSFg V. SH5VLEY. Mr. Bovill, Q.O., and Mr. James were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mr. Serjeant Byles and MIr. Petersdor£f appeared for the defendant. This was an action brought by the plaintiff to recover from the defendant, an innkeeper, the value of a watch, chain, and appendages, -which it was alleged were stolen from the room occupied by the plaintiff while lodging at the house of the defendant, the Mitre Tavern, Fish-streethill, city. wMr. BOVILL having stated the case to the jury, the plaintiff was called, and, through the medium of au interpreter, deposed as follows - I am a boot and shoe maker, and have a manufactory in Brussels and shops for the sale of my goods in Aldersgatestreet and King William-street, London. In September last I went to sleep at the Mitre Tavern, which is kept by Mr. Shipley. I went to bed at half-past 9 or a quarter to 10 o'clock. MIy room was on the third floor. I locked the door- a double tour. I left the key inside in the lock and saw the door was locked. When I went to bed I put my watch, chain; and seals on a little table opposite the window. It was nine or ten feet from the bed. A person going to the table would have to pass near the foot, but not near the head of the bed. I was awakened by the w aiter about 7 'clock the next morning. lie tapped at the door. On getting up I saw a light through ihe door: the key was on the floor, but there was no more watch. (Mfuch amusement was created in court during the examination of this witnessby the manner in which hegave bis evidence. At times he broke out into English of a somewhat imperfect kind, and occasionaly his interpreter, who nevertheless performed his duty most effectually, translated what he said m French into such extremely literal English as to cause great merriment among the audience. Mr. Justice WILAs,S observed that it reminded him of the trial of a Welsh cause.) The door was a little open, and there was light between it and the door posts. I saw key on floor, but no watch at all on table. I dressed myself, and when I went downstairs I saw the deenoisedle di2 comptor In consequence of what I said to her she referred me to the waiter, who told the landlord, the defendant, who dressed and came down. I told him I was robbed. He sent the waiter with sue to the police station. I have never seen my watch since. The watch, chain, and appendages are worth about 211. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant BYLEs.-I slept soundly. I did not go to sleep after the waiter called me. No one walked in and stole it after I was awoke. After I entered the house first that night I did not go out again. I went to bed 'at about a quarter to 10 o'clock, and did not go out until 7 the next morning. (A person was here pointed out to him in the court.) I do not know if that is Mr. Shinley; he looks here very respectable, but there it was nit so. (Great laughter.) My chain was four feet or four feet and a-half long; I mean feet, quatre pieds ou qacdre et demi. I do not know how I wore it; that night, perhaps, over my waistcoat. I spoke in English to Mr. Shipley, and at the police-office. My purse was under my pillow. I had in it perhaps 1001., perhaps 2001., perhaps 3001. in gold and notes, both Eing lh and foreign. Ile-examined.-I have extensive dealings in boots and shoes. I pay 1121. a-year for my shop in Aldersgate-street, and 2001. a-year for my. shop in King William-street; this is forthe shop alone. Antoine aiiamberg was then called to prove that in September last the plaintiff had a watch and chain such as those described, and that the former was worth about 71. or 71. 10s., and a M1. Victor Billet proved the value of the chain to be about 138. Mr. Serjeant BYLES then addressed the jury for the defenec, and said that the plaintiff was attempting to commit upon the defendant a fraud-a very common fraud; that he had no weaten at all when he went to bed that night; and that he should prove that, so far from remaining in the house of the defendant all night, he was absent for an hour; that his bedroom door was not open when the waiter called him in the morning, and that the whole story told them, so far as the loss of the watch was concerned, was false. Pedro Lapouce wvas then placed in the witness-box, andl said that le was the w-aiter eatthe Mitre, and, after in the main corroborating the plaintiff, he stated that when he knocked at hiis door in the morning it was not ajar. On cross-examination he further stated that there was another lodger upstairs, who went out on the morning in question about a quarter past 7 o'clock. Catharine Ryan and Mrs. ShiDley were then examined, and swore that on the night alluded to Mr. Delfosse, having once gone up to bis bedroom, came down again, went out of ths house, and stayed away for an hour or an hour and a-half ; the former of the twvo witnesses said, also, that while he was out she went iato his bedroom to see that his candle wtq extinguished; that when he returned he was not sober, and that the next morning when he complained of having lost his watch she suggested that he might have lost it when hd was tips. The defendant and his barmaid were also called, hut their evidence was not very important, and Mr. Justice WILxuats having summed up the who'e case, The jury found a verdict for the defendant.
COURT OF EC:CHEQUER. SATURDAY. APRIL 26. (Sitting in -Banco.) This Court rose at 2 o'clock to-day, in consequence of the absence of counsel in several cases in the New Trial Paper. At its =sing The C ; BARON said that, as this was the second occa- sion on which this Court had inadequately employed the day | for the same reason, he wished to give notice that on Tues- I "ispose otthosecases iti the-New Trial Paper -in- which Mr. Baron Bramwell had been eiagage& as counsel, and tha4 after those were heardtAhe^,cases would be peremptorily taken in their ordr.- If the parties shoul fail to appear m any case, the Court would read the rep-rt and decidethe Doint as best they might, leiving the parties to their aipeal if any existbdi it being determined that no excuse for the aai emof counsel would be accepted. Mr. Baron ALDMSo,.-The Judges are in attendance ready to do their work, and it is a great-shame that the suitors should be del&yod jntbis wray. The business of 'the day did nqt call for any detailed_ report. -
P.EEROG.kv ,COUBIT. ISAtMnkr. A'T 26. I 1 THE GOODqS OF 11SW.Rv 171hRlTTTE I fBefore Sir J. Domvo^1l - I l'MS was an application for probate of a copy of the last will and testament of Elizabeth Ruddle, late of Bugby widow, to be granted to M. Deai6e' the daughterof the deceased, and the sole executrix named therein:. The will was executed on the 18th of July, 1855, and the. deceased died on the 17th of December last. On the 3d of January, 1856, the solicitor for the executrix left the will atthe office of Meessrs. Abbot and Sons, his proctors, with instructions to send a commission on the 5th to swear the executrix at Rugby. The comnimssion having been forwarded in a letter, and not arriving at its destination, in-- quiries were made at the.post-office at Rugby and at the rnissing letter department of the General Post-office, London, but nothing could be learnt respecting the letter or its contents. Dr. Tw`ss appeared in support of the motion, and said that such cases were not of unfrequent occurrence. In the goods of Benjamin Campbell, 2 Haag., 556, where the. *ill was lost in its transit through the General Post Office, the Court granted probate of a copy of it. Thelearned JuDGn.said there was no doubt the Court had power to decree probate of the copy limited until the original was discovered. That must be done in this case. It was very well that there was a copy of the will. WATIhE w bV. BARRETT. s asoa busmessfproving in solemn form of law thelast will of John Tripp, lato of Heath-row, in the parish of Harmondsworth, dated the 12thot July,185. The will was propounded by Benjarnin Walker, the executor namled therein, and was opposed by Jane Barrett, an aunt of the deceased, who aprienred i7 form6! peupc-i.s. The case was only part heard when the Court rose.
COUBT OFBANVKBUPT0Y, Ba8nghaU-atte AprUZ 26. IN 1RR WV. IIGEY. (Before Mr. Commissioner GouLwrw.I The bankrupt was the jro~prietor of the Pantech nicon, in Tottenham-courzt-road. This was'an exainination 3neeting. - The statement of the bankrupt's affairs by Messrs.. Young and Young extends from - ane 15, 185, to J-anuary 23,. 1856, and contains, the foll1owing tems :-Dr.-ljnsecuredI credtor, 5118.;cediorsholi-nig security, 1L260Y.;I creditors holding mortgages, ~22,245!; L,ombardian Building Society, 5,4501. ; liabilitles'on bills pDayable on aowunt of Rowlaad and Evans, 33,918!. liabilitie on billsreceivable, 11,453!.; profits on lease of bedford oPantechnicon, 200!. ; on groundrents of Rosemary-branch Tavern, 7,950t.; other profits,j 8481. ; capital on the 13th of June, 1855, 23,935!. Cr.-Cash at Commercial Bank-, 4771.; bill receivable (good), 1,996.; good debtors, 3,9711.; doubtful, 376!.; rents, 490!.; claim of 4,42. on Bouband and Evans (estimated to produce 1,4871.); propert-y given up, 16,646!. ; pro 1'y held by: creditors, 713!. ; property, mnortgaged, 27,.910!I.; property mortgaged to Lombarma,jn Building Society, 4,550!.; securities deposited by Rowland and Evans, 11,720!. ; loss by liabilities, &c., on account of Rowland and Evans, 25,05%J. loss on hills receivable, 2,8541.; sundry losses~, 3,7211. ,rmrso h bv Mr. PxF-rNNL OfW assignee rms mo h bv figures that there can he no doubt of the bankcrnpt having had a large capital in June, 1855 (including 10,(000. at hi hank-er's), and that his transactions of an extensive character with Mfessrs. Rowland and Evans, builders, bad re. sulted inna very heavy loss-nt least 19,000!. in sMx months. Hlis transactions as a bill discounter in asa: nionths had been 33,885!., resulting..n a profit of 848. The Coannsssro~NE said the result of the trading en. tending over a period of only six months was a very melancholy one. The bankrupt. said he had a capital in June, 1855, of 23,935!. The claims against hima were now or eon- siderable amount, and perhaps the unsecured creditorsi wouldl not receive a di-vidend of more than 5s. in the p~ound. It would have been well for the bankrupt if he had confined himself to his own business, and slot entered in any way: Mr.Jon~so, fr te asigees wa wllng that the banrut soud psshisexmintin, ndMr. Lm'IK~kan havig sate onhisbehaf tat is ccetanes in favour of Rowlnd ad Eans ouldnotbe cnsidredin the light of accommyodainbil,he having received som securities at the timae of giigte,the ta;!Wanpt passed his examina- iioii. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
PoLTCB GDsrnAnL.-Phcebe Thatcher was placed at the bar on remand, charged with illegally disposing of her sister's property by pawning it at a "leaving-shop." On the previous examination Sir R. W. CARDt S impounded the book of Thomas Perkins, the owner of the "leaving-shop" where the goods were deposited, for the urposo of communicating with the solicitor of Inland Lievenue, to see whether a prosecution would not be instituted on the part of the Government in order to put a stop to these curses of the country. Mr. Wood, before the case proceeded, begged to ask, whether it was the intention of the magistrate to prosec--.tc Perkins? If so, he should ask for the.bookto be given up to him,.and should advise him not to be sworn. Sir R. W. (LnD&nnx said, he could not refuse to swear to that to whichh had already sworn. As to the prosecution, he could not say what the Government initended to do. Mlr. Wood then told Perkins to decline being sworn. Sir R. W. CARDEN' said, +hat if Lea refused he could commit him. Mr. Wood submitt I tl - a conviction under such a threat would not stnud, and cited an instance where Lord Tro compelled a ma n to convict Limself under similar circumstances, and the co,nviction was quashed. Sir R. W. CA.RDEN said, that, was where the witness had been compelled to convict himself originally; but in this instance he was only asked to swear to that to wvhich he had already sworn. Mr. Wood said, the case was just the same. Sir If. W. CARVIDES askxed, w;hom he appeared for? Mr. Wood replied that he appeared on behalf of Perkins. Sir If. W. Cxun&x; said, he could not appear for a witness. alr. Wood said, that the bench bad intimated that they intended to insitute a prosecution against him, and as his attorney he had the right to attend and watch the case for his client. Mr. Martin, the Chief Clerk-you are sworn, Perkins. Mr. Wood.-Before you answer that question, I ask1Mr. MUartin.-You have no loeus standi here. Mfr. Wlood.-I am aware of that but there has been an ntimation from thebench that there would be a prosecution instituted, and I have a right to watch the case for my client. Sir R. W. CARDES.-I only said that I hoped the Government, as a public duty, wrould take it up, and instiItute a prosecution. MIr. Wood apologized. Elizabeth Smith.- I went to Mr. Perkins, and he looked for a satin scarf of mine, but could not find it. Sir Br. W. CARDEN.-Of course he could not. How (ould he find it out of 3,096 pldges, when he gave no ticket by which it could he identified?9 Perkins.-I have looked over all the parcels and cannot Said it. Sir. R. W. CAPDED;.-HOW could you find it out of 3096 parcels? I hope the Government will take it up, and bring in some measures to put down these " dolly shops." (To prisoner.) You are an unDratefUl woman to your sister, and I shall fine you 4s., the value of the article, and 20s. find, or one month's imprisonment with hard labour. Mr. Wood.-Is there any intention of prosecuting Perkins in this case, or shall we hear no more of it? Sir Rt. W. CAsRDEN.-Not unless the Goverwnent do it; but I think that, if they cannot, it is high time that some act of Parliament was passed to enable them to proceed against such offenders as these. The prisoner was accordingly committed, and the parties then left the court, the book having been given up to Perkins. Ann Lewvis, who was charged under similar circumstances, was also sent to prison for one month. WrsnsIxsrTnP.-Abont threeweeks ago Henry Charnel, butler to Mr. V. T. Fisher, 30, Eaton-place, was charged with stealing the whole of his master's plate, since valued at between 9001. and 0001. At about 7 o'clock in the morning of the 5th inst. the butler awoke Mr. Fisher and informed him that the whole of the plate had been stolen. He said that Ihis cousin's wife had been taken very ill late on the previous night; that he had in consequence been fetched out; and that on his return home he discovered the robbery. He, however, subsequently admitted that he had been out waith four men-one of whom was astranger tohimbad been to Evans's, and did not return to his master's till about 4 o'clock. Tlhe latch of the street door was found fastened back, but there was no appearance of force on either that or the area door, by which alone access could be gained to the premises, nor upon the pantry door, or the larger chest, rwhich fastened lwith two locks, althoughthe pantry door had the mark of some instrument upon it, and the smaller plate chest exhibited force. Inquiries were immediately mstituted, and it was ascertained thatthe storyabout the butler's cousin was a complete fabrication; and the circumastances being deenmed very suspicious the butler was brought to this court and from time to time remanded, but no trace has been discovered of the missing plate. After the prisoner's a prehension Inspector Tunstall of the B division went to the house of Williani Martin, a butler out of place, living at Pimilico, -where he foumd Charles Pashaell, a lcdger in the house, and John Sale, both also described as butlers out of place. Wlhen in their presence Martin said, that being told by one of the others that a ball was to take place on the night of the 4tb, he asked Charnell to go, and the latter invited anotherfriendto accompany him, andthat between 10 and 11 on the night of the 4th he (Martin), Sale, andPashiseliwent to Air. Fisher's; remained there tl]l about 20 miintes past 12, when it was supposed the fa.mily bad rctired to rest; and then all five sallied forth and rede in a cab to Brewer-street, Golden-square, where Sale left them, assigning as a reason that he was not fitly attired for the occasion. The other four finding there was no ball went to different places, and parted one by one, leaving Martin amd Charnell, vho separated in Arabellarow at about 4 o'clock in the morning. Martin added, ibat he had scarcely got to bed when Charnell cameand informed bim that his master's house had been broken in in his aisesice, and then, after entreating Martin to waite to the person whom he represented as his cousin. reoneating him to confirm his story about the erefused to do, sat down and wrote it himself. It was proved that the letterhad been received by vest, and al.so that Mrartin dined with Charnel at 31r. Fisher's on the 4th, and came again at half-past 10 o'ciock at night, and, having rapped at the area door instead of ring ing the bell, was admnitted-to Charnell in the pantry.- UponD; the above evidence Martinand Sale were taken into custody and' chaged oniFriday; and PshaeIlwas capturedat the Iord Warden Hotel, Dover, whiere he was engaged as waiter and brought' to this conrt on Saturday.- They wvere all three remanded Duntil -Friday next, the day; appointed for the re-examination of Charnell.- Pashaell spp]ied to be aditted to baiL. Mr. B r?Yvxn said, he should refuse at present. WOaSIIPSr.smT.AWilliam Thoinp0on, 32,.J,ohu Smith,] aia Matth4ws, 23, and William Brown, 19,' 'all of them swell known bad characters, and one of them believed by the police to' be A ticket-of-leave man, were c6harged before 3ir. Hastsrrni. with being in potseSEion of a.large qusaitity of jewelry, sus ted to be the produce of a robbery. Sergeant Barnes, 10 X, ' stated, that while on duty in Thrall-street, Spitalfields, at 12. o'clock on the preceding nught, in company with another offlcer named Jackson, they saw a woma standing at the door of one of the houses- and looking intently up and down the street.. The woman was, manifestly on the watch for- the palice, and, knowing the house to be the constant rcesort of thijeves, they were hasteningup, whenthewoman caught sight ofthem, andimnediatelyranindoors. Onreachingtbe door,whichwasstillopen, asthe doors of most of thehouses in that street are constantly left, heheardthewomanhurryingupstars,andonreahingthe top heard herexclim,"Qoick, qick I The poEce are coming, put it away 1" He ran up'after her, leaving Jackson at the door to intercept any one attempting to leave, and on reaching an upper room met Thompson and Brown coming out of it. They made a determined effort to get past himi, bt hestopped them and 'after-a sharp struggle between them he succeeded in forcing them back into the room, and there Law Smith, whose 'desperate charater he knew too wellUto take by himself while backed by ithe other men, and he therefore called up Jackson, and proceeded to search them. While Brown was undergoing this operation he sawhim pass a- package to one- of the others, who dexterously jerked it upon the bed, and,- upon handing Brown over to Jackson and i seening thiis package, it was found to contain a large quantity of jewelry, consisting :of 103 finger rings, 70 sezls, 62 watch keys, and numerous ornaments for ladies' use. While busily engaged in examining these -Smith and Thompson rapidly dung np the I windows, and, leaping out upon the roof of 'an outhouse, 'descended into the yard, and thence got through the house into the street, but were quickly followed by the officers, who pursued them into another house of infamous character, and there discovered both of them concealed under a bed. If the prisoners -were remanded the sergeant added, he had no doutt whatever that the property produced would be found to be the produce of some window-robbery or burglary. Neither prisoner asked the witness a question nor offered a word of defence, and both were committed till that day week. SOUTIEWAwB,-Henry Willmott was brought before Mr. COImnE, charged with breaking into the dwellinghouse of Mr. John Clare, -49, Com-ercial-road, Lambeth, and stealing therefrom a metal teapot, a teacaddy, a.greatcoat, a lady's dress, and other property. - Jane Jenkinson, the wife of. the watchman at' Lett's Wharf, stated that she resided next door to the prosecutor, and short2y before 3 o'clock- that morning, she wras awoke by hearing a noise at the shutters. A passage leading to Cottage-pEace divided the houses, and on looking out of the wrindovr she saw the prisoner and a woman inside Mr. Clare's house-removing property. Writness immediately called out to her husband, w;ho was on the wharf, inform-. ing him that there were thieves in the next house, while she ran downstairs and opened the door. As soon as she got into the passage the prisoner jumped out of Mr. Clare's window and knocked her down. She called out "Stop thief 1" and "Murder !" and a few iniutes afterwards.he was brought back, and she identified him. Thomas Jenkinson, husband of last witness, said, that as soon as he was informed that thieves were near his house he proceeded there, and on entering the p ge he saw the prisoner jump out of Mr. Clare's windowv, and knock his wife down. WitneEs seized him, but he managed to get away from him, and ran towards Stamford-street. He pursued, and lost sight of him, but shortly afterwards he saw him in custody. Hehad no shoes onwhenhe jumped out of the vindow. Sergeant Garforth, 7 , said, he was on duty in the Ct'ornwall-road about a quarter to 3 o'clock that Morning, when he heard cries of "Stop thief !" proceed from Stamford-street. Immediately after that he saw the prisoner running towards him. Witness seized hold of him, 1an aTked him what he was running for, -when he replied that some one had ilused him and he wished to get way. He had no shoes on, and as they were talking together the last witness came up, and they all went 'back to Mr. Clare's house, where the prisoner was given into custody for brealdng into the dwe]linghouse. Witness afterwards exam-ined the house, and found that the window had been forced up, and a quantity of property lying on the table ready to be carried avay. The prisoner had lucifer matches about him, and close by the window he picked up an old knife, which had been usedto force it open. * Mr. Clare said that all the property was safe the night before in the cupboards of the front rooms, 'and the window was properly fastened. The prisoner, who declined making any answer to the charge, was fuly committed for triaL James Appleford, an engineer, was charged with comi- mnitting an aggravated assailt upon Eliza Appleford, hiswife. Mr. COmIBE asked whether he was sober at the time? Complainant replied, that he was not, and he was seldom solber, and she could do very well without him. The prisoner said, he had only, given her what she deserved, as she was drmnk.. I'olice-constable, 43 A, who t'ook him iluto cnFody, denied ihat he was perfectly sober. Mr. Co m,Be told tee prisoner that he was a brutal felow, and he should sentence him to six monthse hai labour in .the House of Correction.
U-rn-= SERvICE LxsTruoi .'-On Fxiday last, Colonel the Hon. James Lindsay. 2LP., in the chair, Dr. Bi-d delivered a lecture on f'Tle Geographical Distribution of Military Diseases, and the Preservation of, the Hlealth of Soldiers and Seamen in various clinatec" The mortality of armies, he said, while on active service and in newv climates, so far exceeds, generally, the casualties of the battiefield, that, one of the most important duties of great commanders and of efficient military and naval medical officers is to make themselves acquainted wAith the various causes of sickness among assembled masses, and particutlarly those that havesrelation to countrv and climate. A patient investigation of the causes of disease among bodies of men, and attention to the subject of their diet, drink-, and cooking, their clothing, barracks, huts, hcspitals, camps, and bivouacs, their marches exercises, habits and discipline, is absoluttely necessary in order to enure men to nev clinates and duties, and prepare them for meeting efficiently the arduous duties of a campaign. Ile then showed hlow the physiological condition of races varies w.ith different degrees of latitude, or, spealing more specicaLly, withlthe isothermal lines of equal temperature and moisture, north and south of the equator; and how we could thlus trace the f2xed limits and geographical distribution of certain diseases, as of contagious typhus and true plague in the temperate zone, and of yellow fever in the tropical one. The origin and spread of these diseases were essentially dependent on fixed temperatures and atmospheric states of humidity and that their propogation from their usually fixed hasitation into other zones could only be effected w;hen the aunual revolution of the seasons produced a kindred climate in new localities. ThusnyeLlow fever, until lately, was a disease unimown in the southern temperate zone; while itS spread in all climates seems incompatible with the cxistence of a temperature below 55 deg. of Fahlrenheit. Dr. Bird then poinited out how there are ubiquitoius or conditional diseases, asConsEmption, scury, and rheumatism, in a great measure independent of tenperature; and how rmlitaty diseases more particularly are dependent on atmospheric and terrestrial agencies, being geographically - distributed, but capable of ameliorAiion and prevention.' He, in the last place, analyzed the physiological and pathological effects of thexe causes oll the animal economy,. aid recommended that, on the removal of men from one climate to another, precise statistical results in regard to their regimen, drill, clothing, and dwellings, should,becollected and made publiefor future guidancem iever3thing ielting to the British arknY and navy as well as the East Iiidian armies. Dr. Bird's lecture excited much interest amomig those who had the privlege of hearing it, and thanks'c werd cordially voted to hinm, with a. request that he wouZld continue his subject at a future period. Amwong the andiendewrere, Sir George Back, ColonelTwemlow, Gener.al Bmgicld, Colonel Morton, Captaia Fcrdon Dr. ZI.ella, &c- . -
2IW SOCIZET OF PmI'BPs IN WYrATB COLOUBS. Thc tnlibition of the Old Society is one of the ! lnudiczt of the seanon, and yet in proportion to its E.i-a i-t vontains the aguatest number of pictures that nre worth looking ;t and worth buying. It is a jit,- that some o the other societies wvhicli yearly vfibibit are not confined to galleries equally ,rnall, and -are )kt obliged to be equally select in the works that > an- uipon their 'walls. We might then miore fruelaentyy see, as any one admitted to the priv'ate vieW o' the exhibition might have seen on 3aturday *. 'gaRlery filled with visitors immediatoly on the apmn.ing of the doors, and -the majoritS of the pidtlt.s sold before an hour lhad elapsed. Of the 30Q Kirawings on the walls there are very few beformnV.hich the spectator will mot obtain at least soinu-1ind of pleasure, and if sometiios tie -coud wi A-that the painters uulld confiure thiemsolves "itii'n the legitimatc circle of their art, and zot ..twinpt by means ef opaque coloerr to rirtil the ei>cts of oil, yet the bwauty of the resalts -willGften reoncile him to this rivalSy and inspire only the 'gret that the artist 'who -can accom3llish so tnaich in 'water colours should not have intrutistedc his Voncep'tions to the higher and more enduring medium. This is especially true 'f the principal picture of the exhibition, from the .pencil of the President, whose oil picture in the gallery -of tthe Academy last year, badlyas it was hung, lroved itseUf to be at least equal to auythng in the rooms. Probably the first feelirg wiricli Mt Lewvis's present effort _" A Frank Encampment in the Desert of M,lount Sinai"-xcites in most.persons is that of disappointment, 4ilthoughi)h nearer.inspection it wll. be found that whateverfaults appear in the work, they "lear-to virtue's side," and result not from weakness, igno-mace, -er indolence, but from over elaboration. At the first glance 've complain of a want of concentration; a second glance satisfies uis that the defect arises from the painter preserving the same intensity of i3nterest, of light, and of workmanship throujghout almost -every inch of his picture-delighting in the interstices of a cauebacked chair as much oas in the stones of Mlount Horeb cad iin the prismatic colours of a duck's neck. If one part of the picture is more open to criticism than a.other it is what Mr. Lewis describes as the "Convent of St. Catherine ilb the di.mlsae<' It would seeni either that the convent is too small or that the distance is not snRficiently praonunced, or -else that under the glaring sun of Arabia the effects of distance are not suih as we are accustomed to in these northem latitudes. In other resnects the drawing is wvorthy of all praise, .and is, indeed, Mr. Lews's greatest work. Hitherto " The Harcem' has been regarded as his highest effort, andsonie probablyamay still prefer it, although in choice of subject as well as in force of treatment it is not to be compared with this rendering of the desert of Moiuit Sinai. There is something oeculiarly original in the maimer in which MIr. Lewis h-as approached the " Mount of God "-original, that is to say, for a painter, althoughhe is only carrying out in his owvn art vhat Mr. Thackeray and the author of Eothea have .already displayed in literature. 3Most artists in painting these mountains would represent them in thunder and lightning, blackness mnd storm. }aL. Lew-is represents them in the clearest light, of a delicate red, defines every block, every stone, every hollow with a detail that almost zivals photoeraphy. A remarkable mouitain it is, of a most remarkable codour, most carefully painted in the centre of the pictLre, and then, as if it were a mere nothing, it is left as a background to a huge tent that rises in front of it, the ropes that hold it running parallel with the slopes -of the mountain tand daring a comparison. Under the canvass are ea the appliances of modern 'life-a Tturkey carpet, andcoffee cup, and gun, and an English Lord smoking the pipe of peace with the most glorious sangfrokl. It will thus at once be perceived that he looks u pon the hallowed scene wvith a feeling -hich will best be understood when -we describe it as characteristic of Eothen,-with a great deal of latent reverence, but with all the self-possession and self Complacency of a modern Englishman; and, carrying out the contrast still further, so that no one may miss it, MIr. Lewis is not simply content to set the Frank encampment coolly down in that strange presence, the encampment being of fully more inportance than the mountain he contrasts the English nobleman with the Sheik lluissein, wlho may be regarded as the genius loci. 'With a stately air the Sheik stands, drawing himself -up to his full height, -while the Englishman is stretched at full length before him, and the dragoman stands between the two, and interprets with a quizzical smile that brings out in full force the satirical meaning of the picture. It is impossible to go over all the details of this -work, there being nearly as much thought and labour expended on it as on half the other pictures of the exhibition. Only, in case it may be objected to Mr. Lewis that he has painted the cane-backed chair with as much care as the scenery before him let it be observed that such wvork is necessary to the intention of the picture, which is to represent olur modern life and art carried in full vigour into the desert, and utterly unabashed before the very Mount of God. Hence on one side of the picture we have all the accessories of our Eng lish civilization, Gatlignani, and the Quadterly Revieiv, and the map of Syria, and a book bound in green cloth, and a terlier with a stick in his mouth, all rendered with the most marvellous accuracy, and in contrast wvith the other side of the picture, 'where we find the accessories of desert lIfe, the dead antelope, and the hares, and the goat, and the camels, all alike painted with the most scrupulous fidelity. Nor must we forget the finest contrast of an-that of colour. WVe have said that the moun"tin rises in the centre of the drawing, of a very delicate red. On the left this is contrasted with a clear sky of the most tender blue-green; on the right it is contrasted with the ample canopy of the tent, wlhichis of a yellowv-green; and the li'ht is told through the pattern of the canvass vith a 'lexterity -which is one ofthe most strikingthings in the m pulation of the picture. g a- On either side of the President's pictuLre is a drawing of the most opposite character by AMr. D. (Oox. There is more work in one sctiare inch of Mir. -Lewmis's picture than in either of the drawvings that hang beside it, anad yet these latter do not suffer by comparison. It is almost a relief to get to the rough truth whichi Mr. Cox bliirts out in his 'bold sway, just as, after a tour through the glare and -clearness of the Desert, one must long for a rainy ETglish dlay, such as this artist loves to paint. His is certainly a st-le which is not to be imitated, and set We should regret to see the gallery deprived of .oe of his pictures. There is something very truthful in the -way in wvhich he represents wvind and ama-the rooks and the clouds blown about the sky. The b.ll bellowfing in the storm on the moor, and lashing his tail, is very vigorous. Perhaps the best landscape in the room is a Welsh scene, " On the River Teivi," by Branwhite. The sky ought to be considerably brighter, but, with -this exception, the picture is admirable-full of re'Pose and quiet polver. The reflection of the trees in the waier is given with great feeling. His -winter sunse; is very inferior to this, and strikes one as not altogether true, besides being a hackneved subject, 'which gives play rather to dexterity of touch -than to variety of feeling. With reglard to landscape, ithere is. a general sense of Smith, Rlichardson, anl'Gastineau iE.out the room. They, in fact, eon- 'tribute -oren-fifth prt of the exhibition --r. -. C. Smith comtributes 20 pictiures of very unequal merit. Endowedl -tith that facility wllich is so often fatal, he sozietimes -_ts off a scene witlh great effect and with much feeliig; this, however, chiefly when he is least azabitious, as in the Welsh scene " (7lun Gwynn.' Mlr. Richzrdson is an artist of infinite dexterity, whiose dexte.itfes, however, end too often in common-place. His IkNland scenes are the best. His Italian ones, with the blue water on one side and the yellowv roadway on tle opposite side, and the straight up usla between the two, are clever, but uninteresting. M Ir. G.ineau stands somewhere betwveen the two. He has given in one of hlis drawings a very amusing caricature of a mad ri'er-the river Dochart. While he burlesques inpet3osity Jie is more successful in tranquilscenes-and, indted, Ome of them are very prett. "Smrise on the j'gfrau, by a really able' artist-Mr. Coling-o>o-may be mentioned as a curious and extreme instagee of that rage for reflection which almost al the Jfiidscape painters in the room display -like the gardbn of which the poet speaks, every tree, eve.y mountain has a brother, and half the Victeure just reflects the other. Mr. Jenkin~ contributes a rather good viewv of rain on the " coast of Boulogne ;" and, although last, yet -we muist iiot forget to point out the wor*s of an artist who, in his present'style is xot likely to be popuLr, but whose pictures have go.maethi,ij pgejine abot thm-. T= ver, It is not often that one sees so much symmetry now.-a-dayn in landscape; the views have a somewhat formal character; there is a tree here, and it is balanced by a tree there; and this line necessitates another line in a regular see-saw; but spite of these formalities we confess to the honesty of the artist's intention and to the force of his effects. MIr. OCx has not only two of his picturesplaced in dAose proximity to the elaborate workmanship of Mr. Iewis, he has two more placed in similar couranionship with the elaborate pieces'of Mr. W.- Runt. Of the first pieces of this artist it is almost. needless to speak. These and the flower pieces of, Mr. Valentine Bartholomew are among the Vems of the room. The "Roses and Convolvoluse of the latterareveryfine specimens of thisbranchdh art. If -we declare that most persons prefer to have. flowers without insects , upon them, eating them up, we shall probably be told that were it not for these insects many persons might commit the absurdity of bending 410w to smell the flowers as if they were real oe. s.Yruit, however, will win most hearts from flowers, ;aua where is frit more alluring than in ithe drawings of W. Hunt? He spares no pains, and he gives us great variety-apricots, peaches, grapes (purple and green), pineapples, cherries, filberts, ehesnuts. The apricot is one of the finest pieces of colour that even he has produced. "A bit ofd Mont Blac" is a purply stone three 'or four inches square painted the original size, withallits variegated 'colour and mica dust rendered in great detail. Thelabour bestowedon it is enormous, and perhaps scarcely renarded by the result, although it is full of life and force. The two figure-subjects of the same artist are also well worthy of study. There is fine feeling, and a fine sense of colour, as usual, in " Devotion," the girl with the cross in her hand. " An Itinerant" is still better, the frizzed hair of the mulatto being given with great effect, and his coumtenance being expressive of - a inost natural thoughtfulnesshalf stupid, half dreamy. It is worth while to compare this mulatto boy with another somewhat like him-possibly drawvn from the same model-by Topham. Mr. Topham has certain excellencies which no one can deny him; he has a good sense of colour, and he has very great comnmand over the technicalities of his art. But how different are the two boys will be evident at a glance. A very different painter is Mr. John Gilbert, in whose drawing and colour there is always something to attract, even when he fails, as we think he often does, in incident. He is alvays most successful where the subject is witlhout action -hence the " Stncdbearer" is in every way a better work than " The Queen Inspecting the Coldstream Guards." The former is really a noble work. Mr. Carl Haag contributes several drawings that we have little doubt command admirers. They are clever in colour-indeed, in every way dexterous, although his prettinesses are not to our taste. The very opposite of MIr. Carl Haag is Mr. H. P. Riviere. With no affectation of prettiness, A-r. Riviere aims at truth and vigour of expression, and attains these without effort. His drawings are a little sketchy, and his flesh-colour too red, but these are faults which he may easily correct, and which many an artist would accept could they purchase half his power of expression and depth of humour. His two Irish subjects are the best-" Judy Calla,gan" and the "Bit of Blarney." One who combines much of the force of MvIr. Riviere with the gracefulness of Mlr. Haag is WV. Goodall. There is a fine feeling in his " Grandfather's Visit," and " Feeding the Chickens" is fuUl of nature. MUr. Alfred Fripp contributes some drawings remarkable for brilliance aud beauty of colouring. Choosing the brightest colours with the most dazzling lights, he scarcely ever loses himself, and one is discontented 'with almost every other picture seen after his. Last, not least, comes Frederick Tayler. His two dogs fighting is a capital picture. If artists will choose such subjects, then certainly Mr. Tayler has hit the truetemperin which theyought tobetreated. Thedogs aregiven withgreatvigotir; the girlis crying as she sees the fight, the boy looks on with a wild interest, and the sheep fly up the hillside in terror -pity, terror, joy, and anger being all rendered with a truie dramatic perception. The bloodhounds led by the hmintsman's boy in another picture with the oak tree above are also very line; and the " Return from Hawking" is another scene that brings back the country and the olden time with the old feeling. MIr. Tayler feels and does not merely see what he paints; hence the light that glistens in the eye of his bloodhound and the red tongue loling out; hence the turn that the hawrk gives to its head, and the firness with which its claws hold. These are the touches ful of meanmg, and that give the life to a picture.
SAC BED HARMONIC SOCIETY. The fourth performance of Mr. Costa's Eli -was the best although the execution of the choruses still left a great deal to be wished. On this occasion, however, and for the first time in London, three of the principal parts in the oratorio were supported by singers for whom the music was composed,-viz., Madame Viardot Garcia (Samuel), Madame Clara Itovello (Hannah), and Herr Formes (Eli). The imnprovement was manifest, and the work has never been so warmly appreciated since it was originally produced at the Birmingham FestivaL Madame Viardot's Samuel is not alone to be commended for its musical excellence, but for a depth and, at the same time, purity of conception belonging essentially to that dramatic art of which she is so great a mistress. Samuel, in the hands of this accomplished lady, is a real character, well sustained from beginning to end-instead of a mere pretext for the introduction of so many vocal recitatives and airs. While she sings the Morning and Evening prayers with an equal degree of expression, she makes a plain distinction between them, and thus confers a special charm upon each. Even in the scene where the Lord summons His chosen minister, at night-which we cannot think has been successfully delineated in the music -there is an earnest simplicity in AMadame Viardot's delivery that keeps the interest of the audience continually awake. The manner in which the Evening prayer is internipted by the chorus of the night-guard (dispersing as morning dawns) prevents the possibility of any demonstration of approval-which in such a place, moreover, would be an injustice to the composer; but Madame Viardot sang this just as impressively as the Morning prayer, at the conmmencement of the second part, and was loudly encored, in spite of all conventional restrictions. The music of Hannah is wonderfully adapted to the voice of Madame Clara Zovello, and the air (" 1 will extol Thee") in which the grateful mother pours out the fulness of her heart to the Lord, in His temple-her prayer having been heard and the desire of her heart accomplished-was probably never sung before with so much briliancy and effect. This was also encored. The Eli of Herr Formes discloses the same characteristics as his Elijah; but, having nothing to sing from end to end but slow music, he has a less diflleult task to perform. His enunciation of the recitatives is solemn and appropriate; and the four airs allotted to the prophet could not, we believe, by any contemporary bass singer, be given with more appropriate expression, or with a voice of such splendid quality and power. In saying that Hlerr Formes has a task less difficult in Eli than Elijah, we mean to convey that the music is less difficult to execute. But, on the other hand, vhile an ordinary singer, and an ordinary voice, may render the recitatives and airs of Mendelssohn interesting throughout, it requires msore than ordinary endowments to effect as much for those which Mr. Costa has put into the mouth of his High Priest-since they are, almost without exception, prolix. This, to say the least, was a mistake on the part of the popular Neapolitan musician-a mistake for which (before he begins his next oratorio), he would do well-in emulation of Mr. Dickens's " Cap'en Ed'ard CuttleU"-to "'overhaul the wollum, and, when found, make note on." Besides tlle encores we have mentioned, another was awarded to the unaccompanied quartet (Part II.), " We bless you in the name of the Lord "-founded on the organ prelude to the overture-which was sung to perfection by Meedames Kovello and Viardot, Mr. Sims Reeves, and Herr Fornies. The principal tenor part was, as usual, intrusted to Mr. Simis Reeves, who, by his magnificent declamation in the Philistine war song (with chorus), "Philistines, hark! the tnimpet sounding," the anost difficult and exacting song in the oratorio, though by no means the best in a strictly musical sense, won a genuine and unanimous encore. With regard to the merits of themusic in Ele, various hearings have only confirmed our first impression; and we find nothing to add to, or withdraw from, what we have alread said. The smaler pieces retain their hold; the more elaborate (and especially the fngued .c?ruses) rather lose than gain by closer acquaintance. The haU was erowded in every part. Mr. Costa was awarded all the coapliments due to his popularity as a conductor and to his mav position as a composer of sacred music. NevertLeles:, he must, more than once, v-w think, have longed for his Birmingham chorus. iftnuornous MASTERS IN TEE NrAVY.-We are glad s'O have tlse opportunity of publishing the names of certain masters and second-masters in the navy, hsonozarably mentionCd in despatchea since the commencement of the late war with Ruisia. They are as follows:-35x. Robert C. A3len, Mr. John J. Bal Mr. George I BIake Mr. Frederick' T. 0. Evans, 3r. Daniel 3t'D. Jago, W. James H. Lawr,mee, Mr. Jabez Loam, Mr. Wiliam Long, lMr. Henry A. Moriarty Mr. Freder4gl W. Rea, Mr. James Roche, Mr. Georgel ]3 F. Swain, Mr. ERdward J. H. Tucker, and Mr. George Williams. FiN pf theaeofficers hav,e been promoted.
AUSTRALIA. (A portlon of the fullowing ppeired inDur aecond edition of Saturday sj- (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHE 1 LVERPOOL, SATUP.DAY MOmLNSG. The BIemnah, chartered to bring the mail in plae of the. SuaotubergD, arrived this norning with advices froiVj )'1elThourne to 'the 30th of January5 and 18,0W ounces of gold on freight. Tile 41batross sailed for- Liverpool on the 18th of fanuzry, with 1S,902 ounces of gold on freight. Dhe Statesman, with 14,198 ounces of gold, and the 'Thames, with 41,788 ounces of gold, left fdr London on the 24th of January.' The yield had continued to average about 50,0a) 'ounces per week. The Sultana vas to leave on the 10th of February and thb Eagle on the 21st, for LiverpooL The amount of gold received and exported for tha week ending the 26th of January was 40,129 ounces. The quantity shipped this year amounted to 258,622 ounces. Exchange on London-draughts against gold, 2 per cent. discount. Trade was quite restored. (FROM OUR OWYN CORRESPONDE_NT.) MELB3OURNiE; JA. 30. In my last I mentioned that a requisition had been signed and sent to the mayor, calling on him to convene a public meeting to address Her Majesty, praying her to permit the colony to elect its own Governor. This meeting, after having been once postponed, took place on Monday, and it turned out a failure. The requisition was signed by two or three well-known and influential names, by a few of the new members for the new mining constituencies, and by others who, if respectable, are, at all events, unknown in the political world. The leadin'g Liberal politicians kept aloof. The meeting was held in Astley's' Amphitheatre, and at one time it is said about, 3,700 persons were present. The Mayor was to have presided, but he declined. He had called the meetiuig, he said, as a matter of duty onre: ceiving the requisition; but, as he disapproved its objects, he could not keep the chair. Hereupon Mr. Westgarth, who was formerly one of the city members, and is one or our principal merchants, was voted into the chair, and the proceedings went on. The Chairman, in his opening speech, admitted that " The meeting from the nirst had met with some rebuffs, and seemed almost like a child born in a tempest." The first resolution was as follows:- . "1. That in the opinion of tlis mceting the svstem of the home appointment of Governor has proved unfavouirable to the progress and welfare of thiscolony, and, as every concession of politica freedom has hitherto tended to strengthen the attachment to the parent State, it is desirable that the right of the nomination of Governor, subject to the approval of the Crown, should be conceded to the colony." It was moved by Mr. Rae, a new member of Council, and supported by a Mr. Jones and one of the city councillors. The remarkable feature of their speeches was that they were entirely on the defensive. "They did not wish to separate the colony from Great Britain "-" tbey were not disloyal or advocating disloyalty ;" on the contrary every move in the direction of freedom (it was, of course assumed that this was such) had tended to " cement" the connexion and make colonists more loyal. The positive argument was that as the Colonial-office had always sen bad Governors a change was necessary, and thus it wa assumed that in this colony, with its 300,000 people, nearly half of whom are restless adventurers,popular election would cure the evil, and this, too, in the very face of the notorious fact that popular election has hitherto failed to elect a Legislature of decent capacity. Of course, the promotors expected to get the whole force of the usual popular orators; but in this even they were disappointed. The first resolutionwas opposed by Mr. Vale, caUed by the newspapers " a celebrated stump orator." Mr. Vale put his opposition on the right grounds. The agita tion was premature, the present time was most unsuited, as the elected members had just failed to form a Ministry. Where could men be found to elect a Governor from? The nomination of a Governor was a return for the protection England afforded. If the resolution were carried and acted upon, in a fewmonths, hepredicted,the voice of the country would be raised against it. His amendment, replete with sober sense, was as follows:- " That the state of affairs in the mother country and the present condition of colonial politics, combined with the recent grant of a constitution, which renders the Governor. ship an ornament rather than an actual power, renders the demand of the right to elect our own Governor an insult to the Crown and people of Great Britain, at once ungenerous and unpatriotic; equally unworthy of us as Britons as it would be injurious to us as Victorians, as it would lead to the early separation of Victoria from Great Britain-a result which aMl true and earnest well-wishers of the colony would seek to defer." Another amendment was proposed by an Independent minister, the Rev. Mr. Jarrett, a man of very great respectability and high character. It went to negative the original motion, and was as follows.:- " That this meeting does not deem it desirable tLat permission to nominate its own Governor should at present be conceded to the colony, but would cherish the iope that the New Constitution Act when fuly in operatibn will insure to the inhabitants of this colony al the requisites of good government:; and is further of opinion that considerations of prudence and sound policy render it important that the appoitment of Governor should continue to be vested m the Crown." Then followed the speeches of somo five or six "names unknown to fame," some for "one thing, some for another, with a little uproar, and a good deal of what those wllo resort to it call " chaffing." At last the amendments and the original motion were put, and a show of hands taken on each; but, so nearly was the meeting divided, that it was quite impossible to determine which was carried. The Herald reports the concluision as follows:- "The original motion and the amendment were here read, and a showv of bands demanded for the amendment, and subsequently for the origenal motion, but it was utterly impossible to tell which was carried. Our reporter's impression is that the amendment was carried, but that many parties voted both for the original motion and the amendment, not understanding what they were doing." The folowing detailed report. of these results is from the Args :- "The question was then put. "The show of hands taken seemed so nearly equal that the chairman was obliged to request its repetition, amid a profound silence. " This was complied with, the Rev. Mr. Jarrett and Mr. Jones being requested by the chairman to act vwith him as assessors. " The show of hands having been a second time taken, almost an equal number were held up for both amendment and resolution. "Soine discussion took place between the clairman and assessors, a difference of opinion apparently prevailing. "The Chairman said that lie had endeavoured to arrive at a decision by requesting the assistance of assessors. He could not get those gentlemen to agree upon a decision, and, as they took opposite views on the question at issue, the subject was one of very great diflicullty. HEis own im;pression on the second show of hands was that it w;as in favour of the resolution. (Loud cheers.) This was a view with whichallparties could not be satisfied. There wasone mode in which they could arrive at a much more certain conclusion, and that was by dividing in the middle of the room. (Cheers, and cries of ' Divide.') He need hardly say it would be a very difficult matter to divide, and they did not wish to go to tllat trouble. (Cheers and uproar.)" Thus, then, the meeting failed. If the carrying of the first resolution was so very doubtful that the chairman had to decide it by something very like a casting vote, all that followed-formal resolutions, amendments, talk, and show of hands,-was of no value whatever. The second resolution proposed that the election of Governor should be in the Legislature; the third that an address to Her Majesty be prepared, embodying the previous resolutions; the fourth and last was merely an expression of loalty: There was an amendment moved that (in the event, of course, of the principle of local choice being conceded) the election should be by " the people" and t hat the voting be by ballot. There are one or two important though apparently subordinate features connected with this completely abortive movement which deserve notice. The original requisition was signed by many without due considelation; these, for the most part, backed out of it, and did not attend. One, however, took a more decided, and, I think, a more honest course. 21r. Peter Lalor, who led the insurgents at Ballarat on the memorable 3d of December, 1854, vwho lost his arm on that occasion, and who is now one of the members of the council for Ballarat, is one of the repentant signers. He wrote to the Argtes and other papers explaining how he signed the requisition in a very hurried manner in the street, on a faith of a few re spectable names, and that he did not give the subject due consideration. His view of "the merits" may be collected from two or three paragraphs-" I think it onite unnecessary to lect the Governor when that Governor shall have no political power" (meaning under our new constitution with a Parliamentary Cabinet Ministry). " A person residing inthis colony, if elected, would be more likely to exercise his influence for private or party purposes than one nominated by Her Majesty." He concludes thus:-" I consider it bad taste to seek this change at present, when every wish of the colonists has been acceded to by the Home Go. vernment, when the united kingdom is engaged in a terrble mar, and when our native shores are likely to be invaded' by other enemies." To conclhe,4 thl Enb3ect. I am very certain that tbv I present stte of public opinion Es decidedly against the extension of the elective principle to the head cf the Execative. We are about to commence the 'working o a system of lParliamentary government which has produced such happy results in Canada, and I think there is a very general disposition to work that out before we take another step, -which, once taken, would.be irrevocable. There is a motion standing on the books of the Council for an address to the Queen, praying Her Majesty to send us a civil instead of a naval or military Governor. There seems no objectio to this, except that Colonial historyshows it to bo unnecessary. The militaryGovernor system hasdied a natural death whereverwhat has been called responsible government-i. c, a Parliamentary Ministry, has been inintroducedL Canada -was ruled by military men up to the rebellion, which they pr ,voked. Lord Aylmer and Sir John Colborne. were then Governors. Lord Durham recommended his great constitutional reforms; lord Sydenham (Poulett Thompson) initiated them. He was followed by a line of distinguished civil Governors, Sir Charles Bagot, Lord Metcalfe, Lord Elgin-all civil statesmen, and in these colonies the samne c6urse must be pursued. If the Colonial-office should attempt to inflict military rulers on the colonies, I trust Parliament will step in and prevent it. If l'aliament decline; or lazily abstains fromn this duty, then will be the time for. the colonists to consider their best remedy. The other recent event, in which many of your readers will feel some interest, is the arrival of MIr. Gzavan Duff1y. He was received on board the ship by about 75 of the citi. zens of Melbourne, chiefly, but by non means exclusively,; his countrymen, headed by Mr. O'Shanssy, 3.LC., certainly the most distinguished and able of his countrymen here. 1Mr. O'Shanassy presented an addressof welcome, which Mr. Deffy replied to, and these are to be followed by a public dinner. There has been some sort of impression abroad, that Mr. Duffy has been invited. out for the purpose of forming an Irish Catholic party; but it seems to me that such a scheme vould be so unwise aud so impracticable,-so certain, in fact, to eiid in failure,-that I, for one, do not credit it. Mr. O'Shanassy, besides being avery able and a very industrious politician, is a very sagacious and, I believe, a very honest man. That he will form one of a future MNinistry is certain, but that he will attempt to make that an Irish Catholic Ministry is not to be believedL No doubt Mr. O'Shanassy is every inch an Irishman; it is equally true that he is a very zealous member of his own Church ; but the Rloman Catholies number only one-fifth of the population, and as these consist not only of Irish, but French,Italians, and soule others, the Irish Cathoic,andProtestant, are notmorenumerous.Evenif Mr. O'Shanassy desires togovern the country by means of an Irish Catholic party, he cannot fail to take into view this element in the calculation. But, though a thorough Irishman and a zealous Catholic, he has always been an advocate for religious liberty, and warned by the conspicuous fact that the materials for a party so constituted are a very decided minoLity, his practi. cal sagacity is quite sound enough to restrain his hand. Moreover, all we know of Gavan Dfffy stands in the way of such a supposition, and he, too, will not fail to discover that, though the number of the Irish and of the Catholics is increasing, the proportion which they bear to the rest of the population is not. I have no great apprehension of religious differences interfering vith the due development of our constitution. The development also of the great resources of the colony, and perfect free dom of conscience, must be the basis of a popular Ministry. I, for one, wish to see Gavan Duffy in our new Assembly because report speaks of him as an able and honest poli-l tician, and I have no fears that either lie or O'Shanassy will gratify the enemies of popular progress by any attempts at national or religious exclusiveness. I The ballot clauses of the new electoral acts have been carlned by large majorities, the executive officers in the House opposing strenuously, and one (the A ;torney-General) with almost rabid fury. An attempt has been made by one of the new members for the diggings to get rid of the export duty of 2s. 6d. on gold, but after an animated debate of two nights the motion was rejected by a majority of 46 to 7. The following is the account of gold received and exported up to Saturday, the 28th inst.:- The escorts have brought from,- Oz. Oz. Mount Alexander and Bendigo .. 19,994 Blallarat, including Geeeong .. 15'677 Maryborough .3,187 T)aisy-hiU. 1,133 Avoca. 13S Amount this week .. .. 40,129, and year 180,382 Gold shipped in 1856 199,9 Per steamers to Sydney .2,699 Per Thames, to London .41,789 Per Staten-an, to ditto .14,193 2s3,s22 Or 10 tons lsctw. 2qrs Ilb. 10oz, at 80s. .£1,034,488 1 Exchange on London.-Draughts against gold purchased at 2per cent. dis; freight, 4Ad. per oz., delivered at the Bullion-office, Bank of Englanid, London. The state of trade is quite restored from its long-continued depression, and there are very few insolvencies, and those of trifling aiiount. The death of Sir William Molesworth has caused very great regret-I am even induced to say sorrow-in all these I colonies. He was a statesman at whose hands we have re- ceived many benefits. He contributed greatly to the overI throw of transportation, and he did al he could to improve the hybrid constitution given to us in 1650 by Earl Grey. If Ministers had not been afraid of too much knowvledge Sir W. Molesworth would have begun at the Colonial-office instead of at the Woods and Forests, and Mr. Lowe's first appointment would have been in the place of fUr. Frederick reel. But the question of who is and who is not to be Colonial Minister will become of less importance every day.
COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL. On Sat;urday a special Court was called for the purpose of considering the propriety of preparing an address tthe members of both Houses of Parliament in conformrcwith the resolutions agreed to by the Court on the 11th inst. Deputy 1~Lr said, it wrould be in the recollection of many members that en the 11th of April the Court had agreed to certain resolutions (the resolutions proposed by Skr. HL Wellington Valiance), upon which a petition to the Ronse of Commons had been. founded; but on that occasion, by some extraordinary and unaccountable omissicn, no comminttee or body of gentlemen had been appointed to communicate -with the law officers of the Court for the purpose of carrying the resolutions into effect, and presenting the petition to Parliament. The law officers of the corporation were therefore standing comparatively still, as far as the Court was concerned, instead of being in a position to oppose the second reading of the bilL He had therefore asked the Lord Mayor to call a special Couro, in order that steps might be immedi- i ately taken to organize or appoint a commnittee to carry the resolutions of tbe Court into effect. (Hear, hear.) They all Inew the character of the bill; it was an act of spoliation; it took from them a vast portion of their dignity and income, and it was a measure wvhich required their most strenuousopposition. (Hear, hear.) Hethereforemoved- {"That a committee be appointed to prepare an address to the members of both Houses of Parliament settingforth the groumds on -which this corporation feels in duty bound to offer its stroegest opposition to the second reading of the bill entitled 'A Bill for the Better Regulation of the Corooration of London,' and to conduct any proceedings that naay be required to prevent the future prog,ress of the same, and to report from time to time to this Court." The motion, which wvas seconded by Mr. BLAxE, led to a long and rather acrimonious discussion, in the course of which the bill was denounced in strong terms. An amendment was suggested, but the LoRD MAYOR decided that it could not be put. Upon a division, the numbers were,- For the motion ... ... 56 Against it. ... ... ... ... 8 Majority ... ... 48 A committee, consisting of three aldermen and 15 commoners, was then appointed to carry into effect the object of the motion.
Bonr, ExrLosiow.-Aboiler explosion took place on Thursday last at Kibblesworth colliery, the property of Messes Bowes and Co., in the northern division of the county of Durham, by -which two lives have been sacrificed, and several other persons injured. The boiler vwhich exploded was one of five employed at the colliery for driving the pumping engine, drawing coals, and doing other work at hban," and was situate in a building erected for the purpOse within a few yards of the pit shaft. It was usually workred at at pressure of 301b. to the square inch. The boilers were under the charge of Thomas Dorman, who, it appears, was on the top of that which exploded only about 10 minutes before the catastrophe ccurred, and was but a few yards distant from it wvhen he heard the crash. Re states that he examined the boiler and found sufficient water in it then, and all was going on asusual. Shortly after 9 o'clock in the mnorning, and when all was in full operation, the boiler suddenly burst with tremendous violence, carrying away the roof of the enginehouse, displacing the adjoining boilers, doing considerable damage to the machinery, and shattering the walls of the surrounding buildings. Some of the materials were thrown a distance of 150 yards; the top of the boiler and its appendages alighted 120 yards from the place where it had been originally fixed, its progress having teen intercepted by the side of a bill, into which the lower portion of it was driven to a depth of ahont two feet, and there it lay imbedded. The deceased, Thomas Leadhitter and ESdmund Cuff, were engaged as firemen, and they were buried inthe fragments of the buildingys, only a few. feet from the boiler. Fortunately, the shattered fragmnents took a direction contrary to that in which the great number of seen, who are always engeaged about the mouth of the pit, were workring, otherwise great additional loss of life 'must have ensued. Robert Robinson, one of the men at work, w as dreadfu'lly scalded, and several others were injured, hut not seriously. An inquest was held on Friday before Mr. FaveDl, and wag a;djourned for further evidence. Mr. Dunn, the Goverrnment Inspector of Mdines,, has also commnenced an investigation. Into the cause of the excplosion, which, as far as can yet be asertained, is to e giSscribed to war.t yE water. -~~~~~~~~wo
PARELLXNMEI'Y NOTICEa & HOUSE OF lORDS. Mo-qD.&Y. .ArR 28. ORDE:RS OFG TIE nAV Al - - Lord Redesdae,-To present aetition from certain members of tile ;o-catnof thelProvince of ork. sbowing that.whilethe prelate. and clryof the Province of Canterbury have lately deliberated in: convocation on divers questionsaffecting the welfare oftthe church. andj have appointedcomrmittees toconsider thebestnmeans ofimprovi-xth dliecipline of the clergy, aUl opportunity of participating in suchdeMbrations has been denied to the Conivocation of the Province of York, equally interested in thLe subjects discussed and containing 36 fa011r representation of the parochial clergy than that of Canterbury ; and praying the House, before proceedling with the Church Dlscpline Bill or any measure specifically affecting the clergy, to -address Hers Majesty. or otherwise procure that the-same, may be submitt-ed to the' clergy of both prov-inees in their convocationnanow lawfully in beings I under the ltoyal writs addressed to botharchblshopsrespectirely Viscount Dungannon.-To put ak question to the PoetmnArter-Geera xelattiieto the steam-packetocommunication.withIrT-eland. Exchequer-bills tL£32. l2,'00 BilL,-Thirdreadlng. fILH.TAPPOINTaD AkED YZOT5CM. Mercantile law Amendment Bill, and Mercantile Law (Sootland) 'Amendment BiIt,-Comnaittee on Tuesda,y. the 29th of ApriL. I Viscount Clancarty,-To ask -whether it is the intention of Hrer 'Majesty's Government to propose any bill to Plarliamient founded upon the report of the cormmissioners appointed to inquire into the state of lairs and marets inlIreland in 18. (Tuesday,the 29thof Apr11). The Earl of Malnmesbury,-To call the attentionof Her3Majesty's Governmelnt to the Act of Parliament relating to the Soutbampton and ,Dorcliester Railway, and to the conduc-tof that company in respect of theirocovenant (Tuesday. the 29thi of April). Schools (Scotland) B"U-Sec6nd reading on Friday, the 2d of May.- Lords sumnmoned for Friday, the 24 of May.-(The Earl of Matmesabury to move to resolve, ' That whilethis Hous-e feels it to be a duty to exress its admiration of the gallantry of the Turkish garrison, and of teself-relying courage of Major-General Sir William Williamis and.l the British officers at the serge of MKats, it feels it equally aduty to declare its convictioELthat the surrender ot that fortress aud of the army which defended it, disasters which endangered the safety of Asiatic. 'Turkey and affected our influence inlthe negotiations for peace, -are in aI great degree owing to the want of foregight and ener_y in Her Mdajesty'f Governme"t);" CharitableUsesBilL,-Secondreading. (Fiday, Mayd.) The Earl of Atleumrle,-Tormove the appoitnetnitof a selectcocmm)ittee onthe governmient oflndiartenritorits (Monday, May 5.) TheEarI ofEl-in -Tormove addarss for copies of anydtespatcherfromc the Secretary of ~tate for the Colonies to the Governor-General of Canada, or the LieutenantGovernors of Nova Scotia, New Brimswick, and Prince Edlward Island, on t-he miltary establishment to be maintained in those colonies, of a laLter date than the desTpatch of Earl Grey to the Earl of Elgin of the 14th of March, 185-1: and the copy of the report of the commissioners appointed by letters patent under the great seal of the '-province of Canada, dated the 27th of October, 1855 to investigate and report upon the best mieans of reorganisin,g the miliitia of Canada end providing an efficient and econnomical System of public defence, and to report upon an improved system of police for the better preservation o-f the publio peace; andl a copy of any act or acts passed hy the rarliament of Canada in pamr-. suange of this recommenidAtion. (Tuesday. May 6.) Lord Rededabie,-To nmove that tlxis House will not read any hill a: second timne after Tuesday, the z2d day of July, except bils of aid or supply, or any bill in relation to which the House shall have resolved, befre the second reading is moved, that the circumnstanices which reder legislation on the subject of the smne expedient are either of such recent occurrence or real urgency asto render the lmamediate equrideriition of the same neceesary. (Friday, May 9.1 Viscount D)ongannon,-To mnove to resolve, " That experienco has proved the; present system of grantisg tickets of leave to convicts to be injurious to the interests of society, dangerous to the security of property, and tending tothe increase rather than thediminution of crime; it is there~fore ioost important andL desirble that HlerlbMajesty's Government should take the matter into their serious consideration, and devise some mneans, either by providing employment for con-victs so released at bomne or in te colonies, or otherwise, of relieving the ghblic and the country fr.m a most fesrful and growing evil." (Fridlay, Iay U.) LordI Lyndhurst,-To bringunider the notice of the Homse the con-' sidecation of the state of Italy, and the continued nmiltary occupation by Austria of extensive portions of that country beycod lier own limits, thereby ceaiting great end genieral dissatisfaction disturbing the political equilibrium, and endangering the peace of Europe . (No day named. Lordl Itavnsorh,-To call the attention of Her Mfajestys GovernMent- First. to certain circumstances in connexion -with the projected approaches from Pallnmall to St. James's Park, and the defects of the east front of St. Jamnes's palace ; S3econdly, to the position of somne of the public statues in the meotropolia. (No day named.) HOUSE, 0F COMIIONS, Mob-%DA.Y, AptAL 28, ORD1E5t OF THE DAY. Coalwhippers (Port of Londonr),-Committee thereupon. B3ankers Compositions BrIll-As amnended, to be considered, Grand Jury Assessments (Ireland) Bill,-Second reading. *Dublin Mletropolitan Police Bili-Second readiug. Burial grounds (Ireland)ing intoCoommittee. CaMrid"ea niversi a-ktyheilrst-Lord ofttheAmie. weheh wills and er Ahdnitastfrtins Llhedtoteod ireadng.nbar h Fef raty s andefo thes Tranositad ersveane JointheSothof Bank DanubeA whumed debae non going winto committee. byathe tratofBucharestBini1812mmbutseizdb usai e fe isentxers' ofArriagopes r ill- tommbterestrc. o uky M1r. Creaufurd,-To asl,the isLord-docatewn hedmpraopysese thein winduean refs bifoamendi unisthed niodte pfersosteonghoardlteiamclir aTotelter inavtaleiew, anwherenrated for eeandu providedt the bl-pssmed inta thune for the Tproansitnd Perseverance. Cisoulonlt eCasleos-To aslis the FistLodeftSecTretasry ifoth ilands at te muthof te Dnub whch re ot ede withnBessaraich bythet toretyo of Buecharstainul812 fort seizred b Ruposial cin18l9,alted thed iseatyo presenopd,sariued anongtoubetrestoe to Turkey. tapor tirn Che ufrd,nof askpotigtheLo up-dvocaerwaen foproepose to in-r eutrodue pr rindlfraendn theuta medeco regltsttieprinePslaentaryte votrs inteind,eand whvether Thet.whilendeav ours et thel bitlpa iss inutym foexrthe s approachiong regitration. yofte rdhodir Visounth devstieonsoftoe ariskfiesa the Cifsiecretr ofr Rmireland whthe th e Governmendty intendreto introduiceiany measurhe daiuraingth present sotessin ato eabthe m Tealter ofthe rarmtivepropdrtiendinwhic fundeis enatgpresngthdsriued amyong counsitiesi proland;s or Touappor wierte burdenofsuppeortig the superwnumerar foresihn upneraymore eutabe parinof pler ta thaty whmichtreuatestho peen sstm Mir. 'T. . Pillinide,-To move, Tastan amendsHmen feel Mr.obeites sduty otionr itsleadmirtatinlfthe gallanateryf the Turd"shasoldiery anderofitherdvtiofthefo BrNiitish:- ofTicesHosea ppt tesgeoMars,leit feels mitte to benqually aidty toe expresrstaitsconictiontethatthe piulatinde ofKtatfrtres and tReialhetsurreaynder lctoof tyo the arm awhihd fendedit Sthrebyrd enaneringe tHersafesty'ofth Ambati rovi CncstaofiTurkey, wered iattetimasreown to the weetentes taofefoensigh and demnerg on thnerparto Willamseerld' tymmnsIratineri htyty r mn th. Ji. G. Piiore,iTo move asdos a evend ment onaMr.tWhite-. Side' motHion,Seleav coumtalthe forsatr the wupseoorlsder"Thath"i order to inser tHoue.floig- hsHued pon eetcm Mitte touinnuiesintoUpn circumstance whichfo attendedth surritenert ofsidars and besp eilywehran y o p dneglctomofdutyionfo the pact of or Stratfor deparmetedine ther aesty'surlmbassaDorwatnC-stant,tinmople, hand inttbeanstution to the repatemlttersesttemeontsie,aud dhemandst ofGeaneralh Wilam,e erMaest y'fth aros pommosr inthabia tso cty, atreetamong * Si B.Hatt-eectcommtte fo thepuroseorbfconsiern thepuli bes mens f poviingacommodtio fev rthedivarious pnbl'wich departfeent in iddo the negbuhodouowigsreetsan tof reortg thereupon tof the Hoe. u if MOut r JvlBl or ny cohieren;o the benmanes of pre oviding ahc tcmodatio iare thelvarious publicumdeprtmetms inteneighbourthoodes of Downn-trepeatormovel thatouitb aneintruciontosheld schimitte n tohco sidrntheyofAuastin Is1tane,the7itrsts yofAteuarosu oos ihbiansofth sret5po movagntGodeanly, wholes om e, and welof-vent nt d ouses, pondteno replaingofmealteresidencs for the ogzto orfthend estiablisedpnartetiou parts of theg,metroplis sof thatsu ttalnmeous fallmilieys inabiting alothed condemnedtstreet may nhot Bevea suddenlyruddedntogethri itoe ter slums of Wesutmingrster,btthatg theidrauinterests sharllbouncefry bins thedr, instansce, ad ugthmatthe poo bieprovide for beforedth public' Mr.j coiniMohon,-Ithetime of the evralughtrmate intowhc the dmutrif fervent conisby Ieln r himddfr.hepupoef oling a. sestherein; ~~~~~~~~~~of the nmsothtoninwihtecusarheld; and BIl courdt, e ornetheriws helld inrsuch usewasinc moe the 1 odayof Augut ViscouIntle Gofdter -oat e or exturactsn adof rhecn corare spondence respresctingealtertionsaindh rgaitedactiornofterat the followprienin todathghtamen sbytitthedseveralchpublcbepatentste, durin otheyear securifortdeaurhtesgaor sucettliongtothe droughtsof aliamentaryblils;e and, inehase suctho doraushtonowisga meat er tofa,- oremlye ndr anyutcomistonmpoe, thenaeo such dronughtsaewn, n tvihe amouint ceived byt hnim.d"uatfrtefrbr iiainoh rw n retemainingrin-theoTreahsur onthlier2tiesofArl 1855 subet, of the sumnof lim50ivted by the Hl-ouse Sofha MCommons ofor noe,n the Sttt hLeCmis- o Ac ount bingdti Pof tathe xpeDihiel ofte sumit ofsp£3,711 the voated And,n returneote shl namiesof thedratghtee mlye opeare o "2.h I firaieuof cothiedoath of abjrt-iontand ofteasuac etfrth and shaibe in thewod followiing, wrsthat is to say,-
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In justice to the candidates for commissions in the Artilery and Engineers examined by me in natural philosophy and chymistry you will, perhaps, permit me to state that the general level of the answers in the lst exaieination was much higher than that attained in the first. 3lany of the papers returned to me gave evidence of rare ability; and if, during their fatare career, the authors of those papers continue to cultivate the powers which they have shown themselves to ossess they will, I doubt not, justify by their deeds the high opinion entertined of them by Your obedient servant. JOHN TYNDALL, Itoyal Institution, April 26.
On Mlr. lIenley's amendment on the Police -1B1, Mr. 31'Gregorpaired off for the amendment with Mr. Macldnnon against it. AXERICA1N MIAms.-The steamer America sailed from Liverpool for Halifax and Boston on Saturday at 1.40 p.m. 'vith 131 passengers and the usual mails. THE MuRDmR n STAFFORDSHIE.-In ciVic Timnes of Saturday there was an account of the murder of an old woman named Ann Edge, by Betty Edge, which took place in the parish of Alstcnefield, Staffordshire. At the inquest held on Friday, at the Green MIan, AIstonefield, before Mr. Flint, coroner, evidence was given confirmatory of the facts already mentioned. The deceased was not the sister, but the aunt, of the murderess. The farmer Berrisford, in whose house the wzoman ]ived, stated that he saw BettyEdge strike the deceased Ann dge with an axe thres times over the head. The deceased did not speak. When the wit' ess asked the prisoner v/hat she had been doing, she said, "I dunna knowv, Ihave been out with her,"rmeaning that they had quarrelled. The presumuption seems to be that the murderess is insane. The jury returned a verdict of- ~' Wilfuinsurder.' The wretched woman, on being told by the coroner that she stood commluitted to Stafford Gaol to take her trial at the assies; evmiced no emotion, but mantained the same vacant manner wFhjQh she had n-lanifeited *dpningthe wholeof theinquiry.
D :UNIYEBT LaYTrELLENCOE. OXFORDb A as- -7T A Convocation wll be 7aolde.n on Thursday, ay 8, at 2 o'clock, for the purpose ef electing a clerk to be preeatea to the _ectory of Soath Stoke, in Sussex, tbe petronago oE which for this term,. under the provisions of the 3 Jatnes L., chapi ~5, and, other subsequent acts of Parliament, IS. vested in this University. - The Sibthorpian Professor of Rural Economy (Dr. Daubeny) will deliver a lecture On the lenigth of timie during which seeds wiU retaia their itality, ima on- thebest methods of preserving them fromiperisl.ing, in the lectureroom contiguous to the Botinic-x gen, on Thureda, thez ]st of May, at 2 p.m. Disptatonsmllbe held in, thelDivinity School on FPudaynd Saturdy, May -2d2 and 3,at 10 o'clock and at 2 forponthe achlorof liv deree Th respondents and opponets re he Bv..w. honion,Proostof Qaoeen', ancL ~helic. H H W~l, ellw f te smeCollege. *The )isney P?rofessor of ~logy gives notice that her intends to deliver six lectucs npon '"Ancient Coin-a-, especially as connected with Sacred Bistory,:' on Thursday, Mdsyl; Eridny,~May 2; Saturday, May 3, Tuaeday, 3ray :6< Wednesday, 3Liy 7, and Thursday, Mfay 8, atl1o'c3.ock.- each day, in the Nortb tcoomz of the Fitzwviflisan Miuseum. CA BRl)GE, APRII 26. At a Congregation on Wednesday rext, the 30thinst., - grace will be offered to the Senate to petition the Hou-; of Commons against the Bill for the Abolition of Church. rates.. The Norrisian Pxize Essay-subject, " There fs evidence bothinternal and eicternalthat1the prophecy in St. Matthew,, wxiv., was delivered before the destruction of Jerusalem,. and that eventhasverifiedthe prophecy"-has been adjudge& to T. Buxton, B.A., Corpus Christ College.
.B. MA CA uLAY AND THE QUAKBRS. TO THE 1EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir.-My attention has been called to a paragraph undea the above heading, in -which a. nameless correspondenLt o£ the JLcedts McrcuT)J says, "that M£r. MIacaulay's gfrandfather, Thomas lills, k;ept. a boolkseller's shop in Bristol,. was a Qnaker, that ho failed in business, and (as is alwas dono when a memboer fails from dishonesty or other im.- proper conduct) was turned out of or disowned by the. society." I am sure you will permit me, as the surviving grandson, of the gentleman whose memory is thus calumniated after the lapse of igdgh half a century, to assu you that h r.. Thomas Mfills did not fail in, business, andl that he .w~aa not; turned out of, or disowned by, the Society of Friends for dishonesty or other improper condict. In an ob ituiary notice of him (written by mny late fatheri. in the Britqli Ganette of April 13, 1820, I find him described. "'as for many years a respectao bookseller of this city, duct thrsoughlifaeehibitsed uniform uprightness and integrity. fle was therefore respected in life and regretted in. Such was the character my grandfather enjoyed thes, a5. suchlhe was regarded by his children. and as such he is stilL remembered by the few old friends who survive. I confess I Ian somewhat surprised that so respectable a journal as the Lceds Mercury should give insertion to the. false statement of a correspondent whose malignity is so, evident that in his eagerness to insult the living he has not. hesitated to slander the dead. I am. Sir. vonrs oblirse,t MIINRY J. JULs. BristoZ Ga:-dt-office, April 25.
TiE WELLmGCOX COLLEGE.-The Queen has. been pleased to signify her intention to lay the first stonci of this institution, founded in honour of the memory of the great Duke, for the education of the orphan sons of officers of the nrmy, and the ceremony has been fixed to. take place at 1 o'clock on Saturday next. The interest of the occasion will be further enhanced by a review by HerlMajesty, immediately after the ceremony, on the ground, adjacent to the site of the College, of the whole of the. troops thenencamped at Aldershott, and two batteries of field artillery, together with the Grenadier Guards-thelate Duke's regiment-all of whom will be assembled underthe coinmandof his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. The site of the building is about two miles fromthe dilitary College at Sandhurst, and srecial trains will be despatched by the South-Eastern and South-Westera nRailways on the, mornig of the review for the conveyance of the ublic MR. G3EcSxs ANEw lit E SCoOOL AT OPR.- This day will be opened in the Sailoin' Home of Mr. Richard Green, at Poplar, a newv educational institution; called the " Trade SchooL" A '*Navigation"' School for thepurpose of enabling masters, mates, and midshipmen in themerchant service to comaplete their professional studies has. existedfor some time in the same institution, and it is now proposed to extend the benefit of. scholastic tramiing to all the artisans, mechanics, and operatives of the district - the: only test required for admission consisting in the ability to read and write tolerably, and a fair acquaintance! v.jth the four rules of arithmetic. " The trade division ofD the Navigation School has (to quote -from the printed prospectus) been established with a-view of giving to its pupils a higher education than the elemnentary schools; or, in other ws ords, its object is to carry on the instruction given in the, latter to an extent which will enaUle the pupil to have a- rational understanding of his every-day occupations. No attempt will be made in this school to teach the practice of the -workshop; all that wi be taught are the principles uporn which the work proceeds. The lnowledge of the principles. will, however, lead to a much more speedy attainmaent of the practice; whiile the man possessing this knowledge WiMi be enabled to tulfil the duties of the position in which God has placed him, by acting as a rational- and understauding. being, instead of carrying on his work in a blind habit of' rule of thumb' experience. As this is the highr aim, of the Trade School, its instruction will not-. be limited to the mere teaching of the principles of trade or manufactures. It will give, in the ordinary branches of educationnecessar for all men, amore thorouglh, acquaintance on each subject thanit has been possible togive in the elementary preparatory schools when it isfound that further progress in these branches is desired by the pupils. Reading and writing will stiU continue to bet. objects of instruction in the school, if required; but thefirst will be taught through books affording useful Inowledge in science, history, and literature; and the second, by, dictation, letter writing, and bookkeeping." The subjects Joinstruction, as arranged in rotation, wil be arithmetic anu* algebra, practical inechanics and mechanism, the steamengine, practical geometry and mechanical drawzing, freehand drawing, surveying, and gauging, physical and commnercial geegraphy, and bookkeeping. The hours of attendance will be from 7 to 9 p.m. in summer, and from ( to 9 in winter. Such is thie systemn organized by Mr. Green with the sanction and assistance of the Board of Trade. A preliminarv meeting took place at Ploplar on. Saturday night, which Lord Stanley of Alderley and £r. Lowe, MP., were expected to attend. In their absence' the Board of Trade was represented by Dr. Lyon Playfaira and among other gentlemen assembled on the platform wereAdmiral Beechey, Captain Fitzroy, Mfr. Farrar, the R1ev. G. Smith, and Mr. E. Hughes, head master of the Lowert School of Greenwich Hospital, who has rendered much valuable assistance tothe work inhand. Mr. Green, who presided, explained the object of tha meetimg, which was to lay before the operatives of the district the advantages hel*V out to them by the new Trade School, and speeches. were subsequently delivered by Dr. Playfair, Admiral Beechey, Mr. 2. Hughes, and others, al turning on the importance, if not the necessity, of intellectual cultivation. Thanks were voted to Mr. Green for his liberal contribution towards the expenses of the Trade School, and. the meeting separated at 9 o'clock. The school will com3mence its operations this evening, and its continuance will mainly depend on the students themselves. It only remains to be seen -whether, after a hard day's work, the artisans vill find heart to fag at the problems of Euclid, or find time_ for the simultaneous study of so many branches of science. The experiment, however, is well worth the triaL FIRE ThsuJ.AmcEs, F1ENcH .AXD EiGLiSH.- Tlhere appears to be a great misapprehension as to the-. difference of the rates chargeable by French and by English offices; though it appears to be very great, yet it is more apparent than reaL It appears that the continental policies invariably include what is termed the " averageclause." The effect of this is to reduce the risk which the oflices run to a. great extent, and consequently to diminish the security of the insurer. If a person in England insures property to the. extent of one-half of its value, the officepayshunilnfull tothe whole extent of his loss, provided it does not exceea the amount insured. Thus, if a person insures a row of 20 houses in one policy for 10,0001., the full value of which isOt,000f. in the event of any one or more of those houses beg burnt he recovers in full of their value iD to 10,001. But by a French policy, supposing a single house of the value of 3,0001. were destroyed (which in England would at once be paid in full) a rule-of-three, rum -would be made in the following way:-As C0,OOOl. the value of the whole property, is insured for 10,0001., so 3,0001., the value of the portion lost, is insured for 0001. ; and the French office would pay the latter sum only,. while the Englsh office, without the "average" clause, would pay the whole amount of the loss. But the disadvantage does not end here. When a fire occurs, there is irt the first place tobe ascertained, byinvestigation and arbitration, wyhat amount of property was npon the premises at thetime, in order to determine what portion of the real loss. should fall upon the office and what portion upon the assured. It is, therefore, quite evident, when we speak-of the rate charged by a French office using the average clause, and that charged by an English office, we speak of two. things quite serate and distinct from each other. We are, thereore, in no way alarmed as to the effect of the competition of French offices. At the same time, treating the question of the duty on fire insurances uDon its own merits and as it affects British interests, we would urge upon the Govermnent that there is no duty which has stronger claims on the ground of general policy to as early a reduction as the state of the finances of the country will permit. This, moreover, has been frankly admitted by the uanceor of the Exchequer. whose opinion in favonr of a reduction, if we make due allowance for the reserve belonging to his office, has been strongly expressed. It is true that at this moment we cannot look- for reduction of taxation, but, as soon as the pressure of the war expenditure is removed, we trust that a large reduc. tion oI duty upon fire insurances will form part of the first readjustment of our burdens. In the meantime it is a palpable blunder to confound the bill before Parliament elther with free trade, as it only provides for the same duty being changed upon policies made in this country without distinction of offices; or with the present high rate of duty, .s its principle would equally apply to a duty of Is. as; one of 3s. per cent.-Economi.g . TM CArITAL CONvIor.-The sentence of death upon Celestina Sommer, convicted at the recent sensior of the Central Criminal Court of the murder of her illegitimate child at sliaigton, has been commuted to transportation for life. A similar commutation has also been made in the sentence of Elizabeth Ann Hfarris, who was5 conncsted at the samne sessions of the murder of her twzo illegitimatte children at Uxcbridge.-O?brcrrc,-,
SAI S BY AUCTIOQ. The Colection of the late Sarmuel RoRem Esq. 1%4ESSRS. CHRISTIE and IAKSON res eetfnlY their kreat Room, 8, ling-street, St. 3ames's. this Reek r ' t Pdonday-Egyptian sad Greec Antiquities w tUesday-Ante Glas, Eronres, Slarbles, andTerra Cotta, ~rhrday-3ree} Vae, Fsiday-2intures .Satnmday-Pistures, 1rESSRS. FOSTER anxd SON respeetffly aninonnce im~~~~~~~~~t Qi4E:tleSd Pot, 'vintages 1834 and lS4, fine heNrries, Chs -rnej MESSRS. . E, PUD IOK andCo., valuexs to the IdLL wine-trade, are instrnotmeto clear off the remainder of the fie old ORTS She OArPnpmau,ad I,csuirs by public BAE, at 'their Rooms, 314A, Oxford-ttreet,on Wenesdar, April 30, at 2precistty. The tswe d bottled byaneminent sipper, and mow ie in ons~tlyate cellar, 115, Leadeuhall.ae et they can he tasted one , ~~~~the ;m hvn be xmvd rrom ^ iesidnei the dray p,6riorto l;isz alsoatrthe acion eers; auaaoe a}so cb, OdnoXod-eto reetfodem Furni siture. Bruels Caipets, pldaes and aDresd,vg fen v China, i-octave Pian6 20 Bofoe Gs . ad Effects. ~GEo.GOULSMITHwillSELL bv A'EO. TIOR attoRocos,21,Oldl Bond-street, on ?Mondaa, May 5. at ip , apital MIS ELNOSmodern 1'UINMITrRE, cornDi usual bed cha pberapuedages including mohogany inged and o~er wardro eheral glass, dining tables chairs, coucbes,c in. ralid's ell-mo IeasI chair, cQrtee mho0any side tables, one with marle-top, foular- ewoo and walnut-tree bookcase tea-npoy. 6- Octave rosewooElPianoforte, Sg es a nd Dresden hlin, including part of 1ardinirel. mounted iun ormoulu dtlefnner servioe, meverai capital 3Brlslscarpet schimney-glae Pi and effeots, oaYbeviewedoneday prior, and cataloues aat the roomn , and at the *nit e of the uctioneer, 3, P'ouWt-set B3elgcae-s.,*'5ud 24. BelgraTe.roa,, Pinilha MESSRS. W. KI2iand Co. Wi'SELL by AUC. athCote,QUee'-terra,ce PFinchley-;road, St, John'swood ouTuraay. fayi, h enuine moA~ern HOUSEHOI) YUIR- NrI'RE,thesam haingbeen removed frorm a remidence in the Welingon.oadandTilbx 'warelrouje;- comprising drawing room units inwalut ad rSeWod tbimnety-glaseez in carved and gllt fraes 6 cotae ianfotein walnut-wood came also a cabinet pisnfo~e ii ceewodcee dining room suite in mahogany, Plate and plaedgoos,a fw ueenMrvings, 200 vols. of booke, large Bmussls an oter caroee:te chamber furnitur condsiUt of Arabian, irnn. and etherbdteas marble-top waashtau(ls and dressing tablmscheval andothr lases,dines~ essrt,an te srvie,sdteuulkt IRVIRKGREEX and SOW -wi SELL By CTIOW h4Miu.tf ThuzrAday, a 3w, at l23fari, ans eliibl:FRXHO PR Jm, er'a.in eax lesu..'rej - ~ae-oto 1,A sustatil bkl-whandP,3 fntals .ip-n LDUPStinle sauces, lfayl>s Vi dWpi tht,ellaet6cedYkshi the miat ;Me.s-aWauo1ro ath , itdr- 1b 2,ero!dbra1M road; at the aie a~j-adatgrsI SO ilSELL by AUG. TION a the !tezt, im .',sdsy. ay 1,~ at-Il1 for 1.an bligiblaJ2lZ~JnBpj~ BULBINO, itnatei in St.Ge*Igs\~. racronteak r toloeboe,ad ~er~anexelut ndro abn ~trnr 80x sineSs,LLybevAewe atrec, lanerbi:at temprnct at neipe annury; atotbe lszt; atheistonrtfl bY 8 att-ison-a odtes teontadon tflr hadat the ams o id,rs ario Ay anbdk at ther Caed3 a venws di&-. oausatteisi Estate,W- o.mi53 Het. t -,rr~, na tCuseir Palezo;4. Farni"ntt . ESR.GREE.-and SO~No-Wil SE~LL byv AUCO. IN T1ON.at theMart, or, 'Tursday, Xay 1, at 12 for i aon, ,. COUnierial)1 eriEold) ES thTe, compoie-sa,.two rdaDtanlbrl.. bcuilt& dwefliP.jou oone- havngcmrs two omandngdoub lefontled Tehopa Mandyael busiewd nYeds p~iretoses, anw,beind g eunda honse tharedndss-rat, lhet ont oee&o,nent a £5 peto-Zrdannu audat tba_L- ados-lace Is le at -£34 er bomd,Fhmld o ater on l0 yeas at a7 pgroundrnt.Teueirladvdifxurswl eiacudi h APnrhs, a eee Eby aenni'r of_ the SEnats by AUCrLa h Iad at the ar;o le-er. o harrsony. solcior, at3 fW],rol at theY CHOLD Ab1L rm, AvcNSIOssknown a the Antosboue, a' lless, 18, oat- ain xeeot.AbkeohrteeSal .etbreeer o sthepapdietr.wh n el of'aind,in the banr o romto rorce _1 he alioth. cr LLLTIoN. ot the miz,ont Tbedaut,u Mand atitM grounds in oth counlesswk prvously nros19 rof by pnate tlostedel thed aiy stperior forX .5bU1st1 ack doo and U I N -et erwith th goowl If t i de od wl ro-y cantage oir e loe Ouand aln beusinuless, wuidhlas bee ioeudtatedfurla coaderabl wit toabed an Avene p ofelmn aboees.an haghla frnetahie.o he~Ialth3landgoo TmderaglncesihigoTe onaveniaent busieps irenilet occupyks at, ons5picor corner, and vomrise atw latununr.d.n do,Auableti miadte raboraad' superior rooml bweinlhbuded inte perfctareMalat.aykwebe vewed any aror toethe ale; Pardpticula irsl thad authereon- ath aucionca oXcs 8 Hatton-gandn daneantei sadioost thei salrrndooms,tre P citeoa.tet,cty per annem,~~~~~~~~~~~~~erl of cSrs-alnr. GREn an SrwilSEL yel ByJLrTION.st teMr,o hrdy a] t1 o . 1tE HOLD FeaMIY AsINwu aHos-ous, adleyontIimon anfe Koinates' wal bar h BmtS-to.stnigo Satiouan acr ofrand,i Nthermdto tems bnti- andyskls~onsu h ndcunty,andoge,tllg1 robnihenlsdyrd,diydtahsz o e oseste aenats and cwhueseaaie,h.iti proce y T -ae rr truh eutflendsdilan, ton, tearthefu bOutld ft The-;i sinHsatioldtxforurealhad, neiysms ea abe aDothe eroghbournhoc uremudved by 5sn tbecsofntheriyes rnpect blty.Ioop 2hreI,Olduis d-etgoodtan ornamedntwalsAprilan le otl hefor at aboutper annum, bte orthmatnn lOUSt£lOLTh vauabl TiUbr ofa thenulandlrd's lintre will theconr includd inntheTprchae. caypte, viwardrobys Peritsingo the temnaint leaert icularsl watgth rrd hrganyt of 3. 0.d eadegoDd,e.. boeddingtPoor. Chrtsef attheb auctil9ers ies, b, Atof-"sr.e, n a.ote their salerooms,t et. ~jR C, 1? SMRE.will SEL'L by AUCTION a LEASEHOLD HOUSE and PREISE, from =m, Tori-ark-roeau, Hollwa. artiular andcondtion p1 alesma befanydecoftir T* Toumbrs.1apters, -ROiser,ancy rlhuisr, ad Rhipperi TR.0LWIL and SON willSELL byAUCTION. a MPeuptorna 25, Formie- stet cbty,~ toanoThrrda Aprl 2. at I1. the STOCK, Fin turAEs oftrIS. Worithr, (andtferhty.gof &LateMBera drAiperysiks Oilmand, com;pr0idoing hoea, glshirts, olourge ouatity tof of 7tatoery usandegsceripton ootterngs. ls egt_n al stBy* hMr. od fumKW iture,o Weneday Apinril0ec nve hi a sLndinonigof ale C ialodilonts.,o frpremies ndofte aue tNione.24. Hundsredt Londo TwbidentFu Lod fspr an EiofLt' OOD's,oealefo SA the aot teher Stationon 3athe GreTzoNorthrnwPTaueiway, May be p;Itywelan talme ploe tarIovthsale, adeie from ouns bsadpat thefam, itheuua Ciyral nd'of Ala.nd ;fzwor Thollpdr and mtsers,-Wesehroame-treet, &c'addoiingtonheneur t, ,I ispLMikrasrod n o l infutewo SELL bxgrudPctibli~,of &br, nd.Con ther landu adjpoinInge). stephed n s ourch We_stbo.urne-Harper- threetayNe Kn-Moad.-93.at it,th-steryexlentsupu SC mODm,safl pls ors ulg. oda-ldes n bul aeials,Canuhes Anewd the dam y precdin ~-the ale. Cats oge oehdOf whessewi, bneg-oyneedslictors the puohn-stree,s d Old ondstret.Honchoi Frniure Pianofotrete, agTeure9 nexrd, Mabya rugam LatreovdWrm thlue spcment Er. t ~Jf. W . A OTElwl SELL by AUtIO2 iLUL atth Romorse2,Ol B-Aond-ste, on bb Mybviwdtodays prior. and catalogues had o e .Fse,41,Ofr-tet Goatod nvs,mnt and a oe lae sotenCou nglis Papers,Imx lIrSR.RBN ilSELL by AUCTION4o ensdy ue4 at ,athSwn Wal. hamPerenRosT-orw,27AnrlOLI -2USE, at d,oFeTCHial BuildRRingSLn, receinngtlyeimpotbed directust fro bPri, ew3 andrelpegat p6lctatens,esatins owad rods, enrcednwth also3 fancy.deroations pfortdaiongferooms-and beldoitwolad-a myarsoreetfwhEngwlish uapeirs ofat peior- dmaesxtipton,- ned'ir'nts amonting c ois, n08 pveranRtwodays priorin oent-ed e 14-y ro otesae yleo h Tosplmeti, Peaintes, Oariulmen with cor-ndOthoneofsa-le, Ktotehadfor mdof r.Dncwotb.elateHa-vent, Hadley Bane toWLCIR,u.,wlSELL by AUCTION.Lnt*Peie ,Lp.~sre,Bl up-oa,n teaPreie Vaxaslabovde, tnoTmorrow, April 229, atZ thef 1 STOCK, Fior esuitne lu sewo, crurturercandiEfets,ofuallUcmBER,oot Fntaer Dandoilman, nbecspisiuyg laead lss, oils, - oos and oarayther Ddstoc,o h sal sdbadscaription,counterns, te scales, weights,fan benl adstte, ousay ehod fuhaiture,ktbnrqid, and numsr fecs nverouthiseday and iew.in f ae Catalogues on thne premises, andaot the autoeesolc-s tioneepssr.2 fae-sret, n 21 TLondo-btridge. ege-od Es00 r tonsof, Lird Irobertoense,r 1-eckseay d-Odk ofgSale,The T AIt4. eeLsoO'sW. SALoES, tbheAUCTINationMaxg b;;ZO mzorrtonWorTusda. otamt 1 preisel, wLea thWe-spaeda on Satowst GroueLnd rnon Lord Porthman'ste andLrdTouthmponr s esap12stes i 12ve lots:seueaboetetl ofEM about 750 er aneoum,IT or 1 inears dmeridfo housks, shm ops. &c,r,w rodheityroad s. oneltot; aFrnding 78 ptnsaer n um, or 2 yarsdimpoahieveldpived fromk aesyridl hose shors,an croeeheses and otjherutensis Ptrent%rke,dradjiningpthe Suire ChaeL Blackf We s-ratl one lot;cials twna lots ofegronand renmto, n,o abdof the 0andct00neer ann rumltmryvAbned secu&m_rd on houss se Caita ogDdanuueusnit,Derbesml eshl Irestereat, lt ~fR GERGEBERY wll ELLby AUCTION, iJL*Lat the Mrt oonmriay 2 ayd,A int fo- recsl,i nn os near00 ltshe fsnprioa r HaOmemt. egtOFFwICh areletToUrepet oompritenantsof ldsandinurg,othe otheriabadstd, renga safind vesmen toperonaof imtedcapted Ma beviweds,anBrtiusslsars - aiyo hihwl egurnedt thef prcAsefrs.Wie 2ec Yreumes or Books aand Effects, F- PARE EP wil SELL by AUCTION, on the iV. reMises, On Thursday, Mayl, at 1_, FURlN1TU= 2,coprisig mahogany and japauned four-poet and French bedsteads, goos-feather beds, and 'oedding, wardrobes cebets of drawers and bed room ap. pendages roBewood loo ana card tables, sofa, chairs damask window curtain.; and palcecormioss Truseg carpets, rugs, and fenders 6-feet _pnih ahgnypedestal sideboard,tables, chis china, Vglsse and kitchen utensis MaDy be viewed the daybefore zad morning of sale. Catalogues on the prenises, sud of r. PIarer. 19, Keppel-street. N-B, Th eHouse to be Lt, ithimmediate posseessaoi. -. Ligtemen ad ohee.-tyH. DREW under instructions fronm theExeutes o th late Mr. age at t King's Arma Inn, Ncgtlab. owederdy,April30 mt2foe3, TJ'HE alubleand spacious Copylsold Premises; con- slaingofa sbstntally brick-built lofty coal wiirehon* and ialin, wthlof ovr,large yard, useful cut-buildings, hc. ; latel let on lase atbe rmarabllosv rent of £30 Per annum, but now in the occpatonof yarl tean. Tes valuable premise possess the gret dvatae o imeiate vicinity toagoodw w rf. MaybeT,jewed at ny un psvios o sle.byeroissonof the tenant, Particulars andoodtosfaetoob seo essr. Julius and CameronsLicidters 19, Bucklgham-street. Adelh,Lndn tthe principal innis in the neighbuhc;and ofthaci or eresre,Ricamond, Surrey. Business Premises Shoene-etret Knigbhtsbidge,and a ro& Rn I ~~~~ ;P-f 10. rttRn -XENTO.U andI SON will SELIL, at the Mqrt, on V Tuesday, May 6. at 12. by ordas of the Assignees of Mfemms Stocker, loll,. the BE-NEFICIAL INTEIEST in the LEASE, foe 25 yeaes atthe lOW rente £t 130, Of thes commn=Ading PREbUlSM 191, on the east side of Bloane-stroet. nIghtsbrige ; lot 2, a PNrofit Rent - of 10,fortwoyes frm Mdgoane. drivble from a respctable resdene nd pacbu shp.sitatenf bengNo. 13, Middle Qufeens- BRadfeld, Middlesex.-Live and Dead Faa-ruing Stoclk, ?1PH0OMAS C0OMPTON haa bean favoured with instructions fr-t edbDrouar(who bawre-- maoved from the" hbouh= et'o8 Iise maies, Scladte-hlY on Tuteday, April 29, at 3, a BTAGK of superior MEADOW HAY, the produce oC 40 acres, well gt and secured;- two stocs o roen sd oe o clver f ecelentquality, a stack of reyeas-od hy clt od Ily Ma bevieedany day preeious to the I sle an ctalgus ad t he eoge naBueld Towna4ttbaHelilt I Bsh Brgaierhil; heEcaan Crwn Ca-bll ael a Tomaq
