DEATHS. On the 21st inst., at Wimbledon, suddenly, Orlandjo Mayor, Esq., aged 57. on the -list inst., at Montpelier-road Brighton, reter Hannay, Esq.., In his 46th yeer. On the 212d inst.. at Walsall. Sarah. widow of the late R1ev. John Bisleoch, formerly of Keuthsh-town. aged 74. On the 9S-1 inse., aLt Woking, Maria Louisa, the beloved daughter of Wmn. Blake, Esq., aged 21. On the 23d inst., at Waterloo-place, Cranbrook, Kent, M1r. Davison, formerly of North Shields Northumberland, aged 70. On Friday, the 23d inst.. at Monkton Rectory, Dorsetshire, thu R1ev. JosEph Foster, rector of Winterbourne Monktou, and vicar of Abbotsbnry, ian the county of Dorset. On the 24th inst., at his residence. 11. St. George's-place, Hyde-park corner, John Taylor, Esq., in the 8Id year of his age. Oui the 24th inst.. at Hammsersmith. of bronchitis, aged 36, Ann, wife of Mr. Thomas Jordan, deeply lamnented. On the 24th inst.. after a very short ilnies, Fanny (lara. the wife of MNr. James Sheppard, of the Spread Eagle Hotel, Wandsworth, deepl regretted and universally esteemed by all who k-new her,.l Outhoe 25th inst.. at his residence. 20, Park-crescent, George Gowan, lhq., late of the Civil Service, Madras, in the 75th year of his age. On the 25th inst., at Brentwood, of acute bronchitis, Ma. JameS Thompson, chymist, aged48. On the 25th inst., at oatham, after a short illnes;, Miss Catherine Baker. aged 61. On SuLnday, the 25th inst Charles James, the infant son of R1ichard Hunter, 1Fsq., 29, Brunswicfr.sqnare. On the 261,h inst.. at the Piazza Betel, Covent-garden, Peter Scott, mercbant, late of Calcutta. On the 26th imt.. at his residlence, 14, Fitzroy-square, Richard Barker, Esq1., aged 65. On the 26th inst., of disease of the liver, after three days' severe suffering. Mr. David Booker, nf Peckham-rye, in the 56th Year of his age, deeply regretted by all who kmew hima.
THE POISONIN-GS AT RUGELEY. CONVICTION OF PALMER. CENTRAL CRIMNAL COURT. 3Ax 21. This was the 12th day of the trial, and on no previous morning was there a greater crowd, either within the court Or waiting on the outside for admission. Among the persons of distinction upon the bench were theEarl of Denbigh, Lord G. Lennox, Mr. Gaskell, and other members of Parliasment. Counsel fbr the Crown-the Attorney-General, Mfr. E. James, Q.C., Mr. Bodidn, Mr. Welsby, and Mr. Huddleetan; for the prisoner-M3. Serjeant Shee, Mr. Grove, Q.C.;,Mr. Gray, and Mr. Kenealy. The learned Judges, Lord Campbell, Mfr. Baron Alderson, and Mr. Justice Cresswel], came into court about 10 o'clock, accompanied by the SherilE, Sir R. W. Carden, and other aldermen. sNo sort of change has taken place in the appearan,ce and general bearing of the prisoner. Once only, while the learned Judge was sunming up the case which had been mnade out by the prosecution, a slight shade passed across his countenance, but it was gone in a moment. He was continumaly writing notes on small slips of paper and handing tLem to one or other of his counsel. As soon as he had been placed at the bar, Lord C d PiBELL proceeded with the charge. He said:Gentlemen of the jury,-At the adiourmnent of the Court yesterday evening I had finished the task of laying before you all the evidence on the part of the prosecution, and that evidence, if unanswered, does certainly present for your consideration a very serious case against the prisoner at the bar. It appears that in the middle of November he was involved in pecuniary difficulties of the most formidable nature, that he had engagements to perform which he was unable to perform without some most extraordinary expedients, that he had to make payments for which he was unprepared, that actioRs had been brought against him and against his mother upon forged bills, and thathe had no credit in any quarter from which money could be raised. It so happened that at that time, on the 13th of November, Cook, the deceased, by winning a race, became master of at least 1,0001.; and there is evidence from which the inference may be drawn that the prisoner formed the design of appropriating that money to his own use. Whether he did endeavour to accomplish that object or not, it is for you to determine. We find, however, that he did appropriate the money to the payment of debts for wlhich he alone was liable. There is evidence from wvhich it may be inferred that he drew a check in the name of Cook, which was a forgery, and by mneans of which he endeavoured to obtain payment of part of the money. There is further evidence that he employed Herring to collect the money on the Monday, ahd to appropriate it to his ovwn use. What effect would have been produced by the survival of Cook under such circumstances you are to infer. It further appears that on Cook's death the prisoner contemplated the advantage of obtaining possession jof the horse Polestar, which had just won the race. We also have evidence of his having fabricated a document declaring that certain bills of exchange, in which it appears that Cook had no concern, were negotiated for Cook's advantage, and that he had derived no benefit from them. That document, gentlemen, was brought forvard after Cook's death, and, if Cook had survived, the fraud must have been exposed. With respect to the joint liability of Cook and the prisoner, it has been represented on behalf of the prisoner that after Cook's death that liability would be thrown entirely upon him, and he would be a severe loser. Now, such liability would be rather a distant object; and, on the other hand, it must be remembered that if the prisoner had obtained possession of .dl Cook's property by the means to which he resorted he would not have been a severe loser by his death. Upon the important question of w-hether Cook died from natural disease or from poison we have the evidence of Sir B. Brodie and of other most honourable and skilful men, wvho -ay that in their opinion he did not die from natural disCase, as they know of no natural disease which will account ic:the symptoms attending his death. Many of them further -say that they believe the symptoms exhibited by him were the symptoms of strychnine-that theywere what,might be ex?ected to bepreduceaby strychnine,anathat,comparing them withthe symptomsof naturaltetanus, theydo not correspond ith those symptoms, but that they do correspond with the *zraptoms of strychnine. Then, gentlemen, yon are to take -1to cnsiderationthe fact that no strychnine was found in lhe body, brut there is no rule of law according to wvhich poison must be -oad in the body of a deceased before a charge of poisoziing, can be maintained, and all we know respecting strychnine -nsVt being in the body is that in that part of the body which was analyzed by Dr. Taylor and Dr. P.ees they found nono.' Witnesses of great reputation, Dr. Christison among the number, have said where strychniine has been administered under certain circumstances they should not expect that it would be found; and yon have the evidence of Dr. Taylor and Dr. Rees that, having experimented upon animals certainly kdlled by strychnine, having resorted to the same rseans for its detection which they employed in examining the body of Cook, no strychnine was to be discovered. Then with regard to the length of time that occurs between the administration of strychnine and its operation the evidence seems to me to lead to this conclusion, that, although when administered to animals with the view of making experiments it generaUy operates more zapidly than it is said to have operated in this instance, yet there is a difference in its operation upon animals and upon the human fiame; and that where it is administered in the shape of pills much may depend upon the manner in which those pills are made up, and likewise, looking to the state of 7body of the person to whom it is administered, upon whether there was any previous tampering with the health of that person. It is asserted, too, that there are instances in which a greater space of time elapsed than in this case between the administration of the poison, if poison was administered, and tile appearance of the symptoms. Mr. Serjeant S}IEE.-I do not think those instances were proved, my Lord. Lord CQsIPEELL.-There are instances in the books -which it has been agreed on both sides should be referred to in the course of the trial-there are instances recorded by medical writers, and spoken of in the evidence I have read, in which a longer time has elapsed. With regard to no blood baving been found in the heart, the result of the evidence seems to be, when death is produced by contraction of the respiratory organs, causing asphyxia, blood is found in the heart; but when it is produced by a spasm in the heart itself, the heart contracts, and the blood is expelled, so that after death no blood is found in it. You must also look at the evidence with regard to the conduct of the prisoner at the bar before the death of the deceased. You must consider the evidence as to his having tampered with the health of the deceased by administering something to him in brandy-and-water and in other things, one of them being the broth, a part of which was taken by Mills, and, according to lier evidence maad that of Barnes, caused her to be attacked, as the deceased had been, writh vomiting. It seems clear that antimony was found in the body. It is for yon to say whether it was administered by the prisoner. I again say that if y-ou believe the witnesses you cannot doubt that the prisoner procured this very poison of strychnine on the Monday and on the Tnesday-three grains on the Monday, six grains on the Tuesday. For what purpose was that poison obtained? The witness who proved the parchase upon the Xonday is impeached, but no impeachment rests on the evidence of the witness who swears that poison was sold by him on the Tuesday to the prisoner at the b.ar. What was his intention in buying that poison? What was to be its application. No explanation is giveR ! Then it is impossible that you. rhouldnotpayany attentionto the conduct ofithe prisoner after the death. From the instances which have been given in evidence yor will say whether his conduct was what might be expected from an innocent cr from a guaty man. With regard to the betting-book, there is certainly reasonable ei4rdence from which you may infer that in order to obtain po&session of it he abstracted it from the room of the deceased. You may further take into consUeration his attempt to bribe the postboy to overturn the jaz containing those parts of the body which were to he sent up to London for analyzation, and from which evidenee might be obtained against hm You find him tampering with the postmaster to induee hin to open a letter from the medical men whlo were examining the body to 3fr. Gardner, solitor for the prosecution; then, again. tampering with thecoroner, and trying to induce him to profure a verdict from the iry that no murder had beencoin. mitted. These are serious L'satters for you to consider. You mnstsaywhat inferences youdrawfromthem. Certainlythey prwent, if unanswered, a very serious case for your conside?ation. If, however, yon think either that the case for the prowecution isinsufficient, or that the answer toit is satisfactory, the prisoner is entitled to your verdict. The answer ronsist of two puts-fist, the medical evidence, and, Wecondly, the evidence asto facts Withregard to the medi cal witneiSes oDthe part of the prisoner,rmustobservethat% although there were among them gentlemen of high honour, govsumnate integrity, and profound scientific knowledge, who came here with & sincere wish to speak the truth, there were also gentlemen whoce object waa to procure an acquitt*j for the prisoner. Itii, in my opinion, indispensable to the gdministration of justice that a witness should iit be turnec inf4 An advocate, nor an sdvoate into a wit. i zf N. You muast say, SqAtleen, -wietler some .f tho6i wvho were called for the prisoner belonged to the category I have described,-that of a witness becoming an advocate. HisLordship then proceeded to read the evideucefor the defencw, beginning with that of -Dr. Nunnely, who expressed the opinion that the death of Cook was caused noS by strychnine, but by some coLvulsive disease, and who produced reports of the post mortem examination which he bad made in two cases of death from strychnine. [These reports were also read by the Clerkot Arraigns.) Having gone through the examination and crosi-examination of the witness without comment, his Lordship observed,-This, gentleman, is the evidence of Dr. Nunnealey. You, recollect the manner in which he gave it, and you must form your own opinion as to the weight to be attached to it. Certainly he seemed to display an interest not quite becoming a witness in a court of justice, but you will give every attention to the factsto which he refers and to the e.idence he Uses. He differs very materially in general opinion from several of the witnesses examiined on the p-art of the prosecution,-especially in the statement that there is no extraordinary rigidiry of body after death from tetanus. a point which is clearly of considerable iumportance in coming to a conclusion as to the cause of Cook's death. His Lordship next read Mr. Herapath's evidence, and at the close of it remarked,-Mr. EIerapath. is a very distinguished chymist, and. no doubt, says what he sincerely thinks. He is of opinion that where there has been death by strychnine strychnine ought to be discovered. But he seems to have intimated an opinion that the deceased in this very case died by strychnine, and Dr. Taylor did not use proper means to discover it. Now, the only evidence we have in this case that there is no strychnine is that it was not discovered by the analysis of Dr. Taylor and Dr. Rees; but, as I before pointed out, in two of the instances in which they certainly had poisoned animals by strychnine the result was the same-no strychnine was discovered. [The learned Judge then read the evidence of Mr. Rogers, who agreed with Mr. Herapath as to the possibility of detecting the poison.] There is no reason to doubt, his Lordship continued, that this witness does sincerely entertain the opinion he expresses. According to these witnesses, where strychnine exists, even mixed with impure matter, it should be discoverad by skldful experimenters using the proper tests. [After reading the evidence of Dr. Henry Letheby, -who said thatthe symptoms in this case were not, in his opinion, those of strychnine, his Lordship proceeded,-] Dr. Letheby speaks sincerely, according to his experience; but I must say that cases of this kind seem to vary very much. There are cases which are, as this witness says, exceptional, and among them he mentions that of the lady at Romsey. The fair result Would probably be that enough is not known cf cases of this kind for us to be aware of all their varieties, and where there is a strong probability that strychnine has been admi nistered any peculiarity in the symptoms would not be anything like conclusive evidence to rebut that probability. [The evidence of Dr. Gay was then read.] This witness, said his Lordship, gives you a case of idiopathic tetanus. You are to say whether, from the symptoms he describes, you can infer thatthe case of Cook was one of idiopathic tetanus. The weight of evidence seems to me to show that it was not idiopathic any more than traumatic tetamus. [The learned Judge read his notes of the evidence of Mr. J. B. Ross, house surgeon to the London Hospital, who, it will be remembered, described a case of tetanus admitted into that institution on the 23d of March last. There were on the body of the patient three wounds-two at the back of the right elbow, each about the size of a shilling, and one on tlte left elbow, about the size of a sixpence. The man had had those wounds for 12 or 16 years. They were old chronic indurated ulcers, circular in outline, the edges thickened and rounded, and covered with a white coating, without granulation.] Call that tetanus by what medical name yon please, it is admitted upon all hands that it was to be referred to certain wounds plainly discernible upon the body ofthe patient. On the body of John Parsons Cook no such wounds were discovered. lNo doubt witnesses have been e-amined for the defence who have stated that in their opinion Coolks was not a case of tetanus at all, and it is for you to say what amount of credit should be attached to their representations. At all events, it is beyond controversy that the case cited by Mr. Ross is distinguishable from the present in these important respects-that there was no suspicion of poison, and that death was obviously attributable to external wounds. We now come to the evidence of Dr. Wrightson, who, you wil remember, had been a pupil of Liebig at Giessen, and is at present a teacher of chymistry in a medical school at Birmingham. [The learned Judge, having passed inreviewtheevidencein question, observed,-] This witness, who, I have no doubt, is a most scientific and honourable man, has stated that, assuming a man to have been poisoned by stryclnine, he should expect to find traces of the poison in the stomach within five or six days after death; but he gave his testimony with that caution which is never so proper and becoming as in treating on questions of science; and, taking all the facts of this case together, and contrasting the testimony of the various witnesses, it will be for you to say whether, under particular circumstances, the poison may not be unobservable, or whether the chymists to whom the duty of analyzation was intrusted in the present instance may not have failed to employ the proper means to detect it. And now we come to the evidence of Mfr. Partridge, who has been for many years in extensive practice as a surgeon, and is professor of anatomy in King's College, London. [The learned Judge read his notes of the evidence of Professor Partridge.] It is very trne that this most respectable witness gave it as his opinion that some of the symptoms in Cook's case were inconsistent with the tetanus of strychnine, but then it is important to bear in mind that he only spoke from his own experience, and that we have abundant evidence to show that the symptoms attending the tetanus of strychnia vary very much in different cases. The learned Judge then caled the attention of the jury to the evidence of Mr. Gay, Fellow of the Royal CoUege of Surgeons, who had described a case of traumatic tetanus that came under his observation in the Royal Free Hospital in 1843. The patient was a boy, the middle toe of whose lefc foot had been completely smashed by the accidental fall of a large stone upon it. This being a case of tetanus incontestably occasioned by the smashing of the patient's toe, I cannot see that it bears any analogy whatever to the case now under consideration, for there is not the slightest pretext for saying that any such accident ever happened to Cook. Bnt there is in the evidence of Mr. Gay another matter well deserving of your attentive consideration. The witness told you that in the event of a given set of tetanic symptoms being proposed for the judgment of a medical man it would be extremely difficult, if not quite impossible, without collateral evidence, to ascribe the attack to any particular cause. On you devolves the duty of inquiring and deciding whether that collateral evidence is supplied by the conduct of any particular person, or by the means that he may have had in his possession; and, if so, whether the prisoner is that person. The learned Judge then passed on to the evidence of Dr. W. Macdonald, a licentiate of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, who had described a case of idiopathic tetanus that came under his own notice in the month of October, 1S55. [The Clerk of Arraigns read Dr. Macdonald's report of the circumstances attending this case, the subject of which was Catherine Watson, a young woman 22 years of age, who, after going about her ordinary occupation during the day, was attacked vith tetanus at 10 o'clock at night. By the administration of chloroform the violence of the spasms was gradually diminished and she recovered. After her recovery she slept for 36 hours.) His Iordship continued,-It is very certain that the patient here alluded to did not die. She is still alive, and gave evidence before you; and you will, after a fair review of all the circumstances, decide for yourselves whether there is any similarity between her case and that which resulted in the death of Cook. Dr. Macdonald has gone the length of introducing a new term of disease, " epilepsy with tetauic complications," and not only does he state that this may have been such a case, but he declares his belief that it was so, adding that it might have arisen from mental, moral, or sexual excitement. You will have to deter. mine what weight you will attach to this evidence as compared with the medical testimony adduced by the Crown. [Having read without comment the evidence of Dr. Bainbridge, the medical officer of St. Martin's workhouse, the learned Judge next called the attention of the jury to the te.timony of lr. Steddy, a surgeon in practice at Chatham, who in 18P4 had attended a person named Sarah Ann Taylor for trismus and pleuro-tothonos.] The convulsions in that case came on in paroxysms, and she is still alive, but it is important that you should bear in mind that it vas elicited in cross-examination that the woman had received a blow upon her side from her husband. The case was therefore one of traumatic tetanus, and, having heard it de. scribed, you will say whether there were manifested in the course of it any symptoms resembling in the slightest degree those that were observed in the case of Cook. In commenting on the evidence of the witness next in order, Dr. George Robiason, of Newcastle-on-Tyne, the learned Judge remarked,-You have here the testimony of a respectable physician, from whose opiniona you are called upon to i4fer that this was a case of epilepsy. Dr. RobinEon thought tat, putting aside the assumption of deAth by strychnia, Cook may have died of epilepsy; but, on being asked by the Attorney General whether all the symptoms spoken to by Mr. Jo'em- were not indicative of death by strychnia, he at once repliedR "They certaiuly are." Nor is it immaterial to remember jlat the witness failed to mnention a single case as having-fallen ander his own observatioti where an epileptic patient retained lais consciousness duinng the fit. Dr. Richardson, who, I anti bound to sy, appearx a very respeotfbA e witness wIm next ourhqll !RA was the first to suggest the theory that Cook may have clel of angina pectoris. In 1850 the witness had under his care a girl of 10 years old, whom he believed to be afflieted with that malady, and he has described her symnptoms with great minuteness; but you will zemember that he caudidly admitted that if he had known as much then as he knows now he would have analyzed the stomach of the girl after death, with a v iew to ascertain whether strychmia might not be detected. And here again arises the important question Ihave already propounded for your consideration. You will have to determine whQther Coolks symiptoms were or were not consistent with death by strychnia. If they were not, your conclusion will be in favour of the prisoner; if they were consistent with death by strychnia, I do not say that onthat fact alone you should find a verdict against him, but this I say, that it wil ba -o=r duty to consider the fact in connexion with other evidence that has been brought before you, in order that you may come to a clear conclusion as to whether this was a death by strychnia, and, if so, whether the prisoner at the bar was the man who administered it to the deceased. After Dr. Richardson had given his evidence Dr. Wrightson was recalled, and, in reply to a question put to him by the counsel for the Crown, stated that if a minimum dose to destroy life were given and a long interval elapsed before death the more complete would be the absorption and the less the chance of finding the poison in the stomach. Mr. Serjeant SExm-Re added, my Lord, that he should still expect to find it in the spleen, liver, and blood. Loid C ImPBEmLs.-You are quite right; he certainly did say so, and you have done well in calling attention to the statement. [The learned Judge then read, without com. ment, his notes of the evidence given by Catherine Watson and Oliver Pemberton, and added,-] This is the close of the medical testimony adduced on behalf of the prisoner, and I propose that the Court shoRld now adjourn for a brief period. The Court then adjourned for about 20 minutes, and it may be mentioned, as an instance of the tenacity with which the human mind will cling to hope under the most desperate circumstances, that just as he was leaving the dock the prisoser threw over the bar to one of the learned gentlemen engaged in his defence aslip of paper, on which were written, in a clear and firm hand, these words,-" I think they'll find a verdict of not guilty." When the trial was resumed the learned SuDG1B said, that, having concluded the medical evidence, he now came tothat of the witnesses who spoke as to facts. Having read the evidence of Henry Matthews as to the time at which the express train, by which alone the prisoner could have left London on the Monday night, arrives at Stafford, and that of Joseph Foster, who gave it as his opinion that Cook was of weak constitution, and stated that he founded this opinion upon having during seven years time seen him suffer from bilious attacks, the noble Lord said,-Of the evidence of the latter witness I must say that this is very slender evidence ts show that Cook -was in such a state of health as might produce the result which has been spoken to by several of the witnesses as likely to result from weak health. Upon the evidence of Myatt as to the transactions at Shrewsbury, the learned Judge said,-The materiality of the evidence of this witness seems to be to show that Palmer could not have left the room to have brought in such an ingredient as it is suggested he used, and that he could not have given anything of the sort to Cooke'- Upon this point ldyatt's evidence is at variance with that of the witnesses for the Crown, aud is not consistent with that of Mrs. Brooke. You are to judge between them. That there was this scene-that Cook drank hisbrandy-and-water and complained that'there was something in it, and that it was tasted by some one who said that there was nothing in ithas been proved by the evidence for the prosecution, and is corroborated by this witness. [Eis Lordship next read the evidence of John Serleaut as to the diseased state of Cook's throat, and as to the effect produced upon him by swallowing a gingerbread nut containing cayenne pepper. On this his Lordship observed,-] You are to say whether this evidence induces you to think, contrary to the evidence which yon have heard on the other side, that Cook was at the time he had these attacks in bad health. As to the cayenne pepper nut, it would have happened to any of you who had swallowed smcl a nut to e-hibit the same symp. toms. Next comes a very material witness, a part of whose statement would, if you believe him, be very important-I mean Jeremiah Smith. It is for yon to say, looking at the whole of the evidence which he has given, both upon his examination and re-examination, what value you attach to it. In the course of reading the evidence of this witness his Lordship said,-If Smith's testimony as to what occurred on the Monday evening be true, it would show to you that the very identical pills which Bamford had made were in the state in which he had prepared them taken by Cook before Palmer arrived from London, at all events before he went to the Talbot Arms. As to the broth, there is no explanation why it was not sent to the Talbot Arms, where Cook was, but was taken to Palmer's house. The dressing of Cook's throat by Thiriby, which is spoken to by this witness, is material, and it is very extraordinary that Thirlby is not here to give evidence with respect to it. After reading Smith's evidence the learned Judge said,-Gentlemen, it is for you to say whether you think that this witness is to be believed. You saw how he conducted himself, how he at last denied that the signature to a deed which he had attested, and which he received from the prisoner at the bar, was his handwriting. Then, it appeals that he did receive ol. The counterfoil of the check book of William Palraer is produced, and shows that he gave to this witnems a check for 51., which this wvit ness took to the bank and got cashed, and you are to say whether it is not clear that Smith received that for attesting this very deed. Further, you are to say what weight you can attach to the evidence of a vitness who has been engaged in transactions such as those in which Smith admits that he was concerned. We are now upon the question of veracity, and. yon must say whether you can believe a witness who acknowledges that he was engaged in procuring the insurance upon the life of Walter Palmer, who had been a bankrupt six years ago, and who had no means of living except the allowance from his friends and the alowance made to him by the prisoner. Re also acknowledged that he was engaged in the proposal to insure the life of Bates for 10,0001., Bates being at that time superin. tending the stables of the prisoner, and living in lodgings for which he paid only 6s. 6d. a-week. Bates apparently had no property, and nothing depended upon his life, yet it was to be insured for 10,0001. Smith gets himself appointed agent to; an insurance-office, with a knowledge of these facts, and proposes that this insurance should be accepted by the office which he represents. Can you believe his evidence when he acknowledges himself to have been engaged in such fraudulent transactions, and,being now examined uapon his oath, denies his own attestation to that document? Of his credit you are the judges. His evidence would be material as to what took place on the evening of Monday, because it would show that the piUs which Cook took that night were taken as they were prepared by Bamford, and before the prisoner at the bar could have had any opportanity of substituting others for them. The evidence as to what took place on the Tuesday night remains exactly as it stood at the conclusion of the case for the Crown. The only other evidence is this letter from Cook to Palmer:- "Lutterworth, Jan. 4, 1855. "My dear Sir,-I sent up to London on Tuesday to back St.Hubert for 501., and sny commission has returned 10 to 1. I have therefore booked 250 to 25 against him, to ain money. There is a small balance of 181. due to you, wich I forgot to give you the other day. Tell Will to debit me with it on account of your share of training Pyrrhine. I will also write to him to do so, as there wfi- be a balance due from him to me. Yours faithfully, W W. Palmer, Esq. "J. PmRSoxs COOKc." Now, gentlemen, this shows, what has never been disputed, that Cook and the prisoner had transactions together in bets; but it does not at aU contradict what appears from the other evidence, that the prisoner had large dealings inwhich Cook had no concern. He (Palmer) had borrowed these large sums from Pratt andafrom Wright upon bills purporting to be accepted by his mother, but which his mother did not accept, and which were forged. Now, gentlemen (continued thelearmed Judge), this isthe evidence on thepartofthe prisoner atthebar. Youaretosayhow far it affects the case for the prosecution. So far as concerns the pecuniary transactions between the parties, with respect to the motive by whith theprisoner may have been actuated, you will probably think that the case remains untouched. Then, gentlemen, comes that most important question whether the symptoms exhibited by the deceased were consistent witlh death from poisoning by strychnia. it is for you to say whether your opinion upon that subject is altered by the evidence given on the part of the prisoner. Several of the witnesses caled on his behalf have said that these symptoms were reconcileable with poisoning by strychnine, but in the absence of evidence of the administration of that poison they will not say that the symptoms arose from it. With regard to the facts of the case you have the witness Myatt, whose account of what occurred at the P.avenHotel, at Shrewsbury, with respect to the brandy.and-water, differs from that given by the witneases for the prosecution; and the witness Jeremiah Smith, respecting what took place 'wher the prisoner returned from London on Monday night; it is for you to say Whether you can rely upon that evidence, to alter any opinion which you had formed before it was given. The conauct of the prisoner remiins. As to that no answer has been given, either with regard to his anxiety to havo the body speedily fastened up, with respect to the betting-book, or with respect to the tampering with the postboy and with the coroner. Above all, no explanation has been givest of whatbee&me of the strychn$g purchasad on the Tuesday XOnM41hI wb-h bM keen PTtta an which stands entirely un2ontradicted. Of the purpose for which that was bought no explanation has been given. The case is now in your hands. Unless by the evidence for the prosecution a clear conviction has been brought to your minds of the guilt of the prisoner, it is your duty to acquit him. You are not to convict him on suspicion, even on strong saspicion. There must be a strong convictioni in your minds that he is guilty of this offence; andif you have any reasonable doubt youwill givehim the beneft of that doubt. Bat, if you come to the clear conclusion that he is guilty, you will not be deterred from doing youeduty by any considera. tion such as has been suggested to you. You will remember the oath that you have taken, and you will act upon it. Gentlemen, I now dismiss youto consider your verdict, and may God direct you! liAt the close of his address the learned Judge was sensibly affected. His voice trembled vith emotion, and the concluding sentences were almost inaudible.] Mr. SerjeantSEE. -The question which your Lordship has submitted to the juryis whether Cook's symptoms were consistentwith death by stTychnia. I submit - Lord CAMPBELL.-That is not the question which I have submitted to the jury; itis a question. I have told them that unless they consider the symptoms consistent with death by strychnia they ought to acquit the prisoner. Mr. Serieant SUEE,-It is my duty not to be deterred by any expression of displeasure; it is my duty to a much higher tribunal than even your Lordships to submit what occurs to me to be the proper question. I submit to your Lordships that the question whether Cook's symptoms are consistent with death by strychnia is a wrong question, unless it is followed by this, " and inconsistent with death by other and natural causes," and that the question should be whether the medical evidence establisbes beyond all reasonable doubt the death of Cook by strychnia. It is my duty to submit that. It is your Lordship's duty, if I am wrong, to overrule it. Mr. Baron Axansox.-It is done already. You have done it in Your speech. Lord CAmPBELL (addressiang the jury).-Gentlemen, I did not, sabmit to you that the question upon which alone your -verdict was to turn was vhether the symptooms of Cook I were those of strychnia, but I said that that was a most material question, and I desired you to consider it. I said that if you thought that he died from natural disease-that he did not die from poisoning by strychnia-yon should acquit the prisoner; but then I went on to say that if you were of opinion that the symptoms were condstent with death from strychnia you should consider the other evidence given in the case to.seewhether strychnia had been administered to him, and whether it had been administered by the prisoner at the bar. These are the questions that I again Put to you. If you come to the conclusion that these, symptoms were condstent with death from strychnia, do you believe that death actually resulted from the administration of strychnia, and that that strychnia was administered by the prisoner at the bar? Do not iind a verdict of guilty unless you believe that the strychnia was administered to the deceased by the prisoner at the bar; but, if you believe th3t, it is your duty to God and man to find the prisoner guilty. At the conclusion of this address from tho Lord ChiefJustice the Jury retired from the court, at 1S minutes after 2 e'clock. The Jury re-entered their bos at 25 minutes to 4, after an absence of one hour and 17 minutes; and the prisoner, who had been removed upon the retirement of the Jury, was placed in the dock at the same moment. Thebuszof excitemuent which ran round the court on the re-appearance of the Jury was instantly hushed by the formal question of the Clerk of the Arraigns, who asked, "1 Gentlemen of the Jury, are yon all unanimous. in your verdict!" The Foreman.-We are. The Clerk of the ATraigns.-How say you, gentUemen, do yoa find the prisoner at the bar guilty, or not guilty? The Foreman (rising, aud in a distinct and firm tone.)We find the prisoner GUILTY. The prisoner, who exhibited some slight pallor and the least possible shade of anxiety apon the return of the jury to the box, almost instantly recovered his self-possession and his demeanour of comparative indifference. He main. tained his firimness and perfect calmness after the delivery of the verdict; and when the sentence was being passed he looked an interested, although utterly unmoved spectator. We think we may truly say that during the whole of this protracted trial his nerve and calmness have never for a moment forsaken him. The Clerk of the Arraigns.-Prisoner at the bar, you stand convicted of murder; what have you to say why the Court should not give you judgment to die aecording to law? The question is one of a formal nature, and the prisoner made no answer. The learned Judges then assumed the black cap; and The LoRD CHIEF JUSTICE pronounced sentence in the following terms:-William Pahner, after a long and impartial trial you have been convicted by a jury of your country of the crime of wilful murder. in that verdict my two learned brothers, who have so anxiously watched this trial, and myself entirely concur, and we consider the conviction altogether satisfactorv. The case is attended with such circumstances of aggravation that I will not dare to touch upon them. Whether this be the first and only offence of this sort which you have commlitted is certainly known only to God and your own conscience. It is seldom that such a famili arity with the means of death should be shown without long experience; but for this offence, of which you have been found guilty, your life is forfeited. You must prepare to die; and I trust that, as you can expect no mercy in this world, you will, by a repentance of your crimes, seek to obtain mercy from Almighty God. The act of Parliament on which you have been tried, and under which you have been brought to the bar of this court, at your own request, gives leave to the Court to direct that the sentence under such circumstances shall bo executed either within the jurisdiction of the Central Criminal Court or in the county where the offence was committed. We think that for the sake of example the sentence ought to be executed in the county of Stafford. I hope that that terrible example will deter others from committing such atrocious crimes; and that it will be seen, whatever art, or caution, or experience may accomplish, that such an offence will surely be detected and punished. However destructive poison may be, it is so ordained by Providence, for the safety of its creatures, that there are means of detecting and punishing those who administer it. I again implore you to repent, and to prepare for the awful change vhich awaits you. I will not seek to harrow up your feelings by any enumeration of the circumstance of this foul murder; but I will content mnyself now by passing upon you the sentence of the law, which is,-thatyoa be taken from hence to the gaol of ITewgate, and be thence removed to the gaol of the county of Stafford, being the county in which the offence for which you stand convicted was committed, and that you be taken thence to tho place of execution, and be there hanged by the neck until yon be dead, and that your body be afterwards buried within the precincts of the prison in which yout shall be last confined after your conviction, and may the Lord of Heaven have mercy on your soul '-Amen. The prisoner was immediately removed from the dock, and thse trial was at .an end. Mr. Ji_xs, Q.C., applied that the bills bearing the acceptance of Mrs. Sarah Palmer, which had been proved to have been forged, should be impounded-au, application which the Court without hesitation granted. Tuming then to the jury, The LoRD CIIrEF J1S,TICF said,-1 beg to return to you, Gentlemen, the warm thanks of my learned brothers and myself for the service vhich you have rendered to your ountry upon this occasion. Your conduct throughout this protracted trial, which you have attended, no doubt, at much serious inconvenience to yourselves, has been such as to merit our utmost commendation. I only hope, and I doubt not, that you will be rewarded for your patient attention and for the sacrifices which you have made by the approbation of your own consciences and the approving. voice of your country. Tuming next to the Sheriffs, his Lordship continued We have also to thank the Sheriffs of London for the manner in which the court has been kept during the trial, for heir excellent arrangements, and for the facilities which they appear to have afforded to every one who had any business here to transact. [The reporters of l7ia Times, who have had very onerous and important duties to perform, here express their entire concurrence in this observation of the noble and learned Lord, and would desire also to extend their thanks to the 'Under Sheriffs, who would seem really to have spared no exertions, to accommodate in a most inconvenient and ill-constructed court, and under circumstances of unwonted difficulty, the legitimate representatives of the metropolitan press.] Before quitting the bench the learned Judges signed the warrants for the removal of the prisoner to the gaol of Stafford, and for the execution to be carried out there by the SheriS; of that county. ElMOVAL OF PALMER TO STAFFORD GAOL. Last si!gt the convict William Palmer was tken from Newgate in a cab to the Euston station in ch&rge of two gaolers, and thence conveyed to Stafford gaol by the 8 o'clock train, vlu&ch would arrive at Stafford about 12 o'clock. When the cab which cortained the prioner and his keepers drove into the yard of th. Euston Station thb prisoner alighted and walked through the large room on to the platform. He was immediately recoguized by some persons who had seen him in court, and the news of his being at the station spread rapidly. In a few moments there was a tremendous rush through the staltion on to the platform, and in an incredibly short space of time the prisoner was the object of general curiosity, although the fact of his removal had been kept as secret as possible. He walked rapidly to the train, with a gaoler on each side, followed by the crowd which had collected. He wore a. cloak and a cap, aandVwas, we understand, fettered to one of his gaolers by the leg and arm. He was placed in the middle compartment of a firstC'ass carriage, a gaoler being on each side of him. When he was seated in the carriage the crowd surrounded the window, eager to catch a glance of one who had attained such an unenviable notoriety. This was evidently annoying to Palmer, and the blind of fthe carriage window was drawn down, much to the disappointment of the curious. He looked as cool and collected as during the triaL
HER AILJESTPS TREA TE. Tberesultof Mademoisellepiecolominj'ssecond appearance last night was mnore than confirmatory of the success that attended her debiu on Saturday. LRnrely do we see an artist so imperceptibly and so surely grasp the sympathies of an audience till the mild approval at the beginning has increased into enthnsiasm at the end. Anld yet the opera, save in the finale to the first act, does not afford room for one of those feats of vocalization that ordinarily cause thunders of applause to reward the prima donna of lyric drama. It is Mademoiselle Piccolomini's trathful expression of the sentiments she has to embody, the force of her " points," the accurate detail of her by-play, that gain for her the sufrages of her hearers. They applaud lines rather than passages, anad regard the mnusic more as a form of elocution than as a specimen of an independent art. An opera in which the composer's work may be set down as nought looks like a sort of solecism, but, nevertheless, that such a thing is to be found, and in a thriving condition, may be ascertained by any one who will witness La Traviata. While, however, we record the continued triumph of Mademoiselle Piccolomini, we must express our regret that the French piece on which La Travidta is based was followed so closely by the Italian p)octa. Surely some means might have been found of preserving the situations of M. Dunmas without retaining the social position of the original dramatis personxe. A virtuous young lady who loved devotedly, 'was insulted at a large party, amd ultimately died of consumption, would have served just as well for a heroine as a Parisian loretle. At the Theatre duVaudeville, the lives of people whose existence lies hors dc socid5d, axe foun to furnish exceedingly pleasant plots, but London audiences bave liappily not yet grown used to such society.
ROYAL ITALIAZ OPERA. Mademoiselle Cerito made her first appearance last night, in the ballet-divcrtissentent entitled Eva, which was revived with as nearly as possible the same accessories that distinguisbed its production at the larger theatre in Bow-street. The nrise en sctehn was almost identicaL There were the same eostumes, the same changes, and the same pretty landscape a fs Poussin, by Mr. Beverley, which used to be so much admired. Whether the music had been saved frorn the flames, or whether ?xr. AlfredMellon, conductor of the ba&ct7 had rewritten it from memory, we are unable to say; but there it was, note for note, 3ust as we heasd it when Cerito made her first joyous bound across the stage of the Royal Italian Opera. The charming and accompElshed dansense was received with all the honours due to an old and well-deserving favourite of the public; and her first few steps proved that she was as agile and graceful as before. The scene in which Eva appears as a phantom intercepting the bridal festivities of her oblivious lover, was exquisitely beautiful. Every movement had its meaning, everygesture its fascination. The grand pas dtense2nok in the succeeding tablazet was a triumph of- Terpsichorean art on the par' of Cerito, to wvhose free and rapid circrlation the confined limits of the Lyceum stage apparently presented no obstacle. Thereturn of Cerito gives areal imporlance to the tallta at this theatrb, and will be materially serviceable in helping out those evenings on which short operas are performed and a divertisscament is indispensable. Mademoiselle Esper played the same part with which she was entrusted last year, and with the same talent and spirit. Th) lady who replaces MdemoiseUle Battalini (as the bride), however, is not quite so competent as her predecessor. The dancinig of the corypleoCs was good, and the general arrangement of the jars cZ'cnscmUc creditale to AL Desplaces-7n&itre dc lacUet, who, as formerly, assumed the principal male character. But the presence of Cerito seemed to animate every one concerned with her on the stage, and the dflte for the first time this season, was a source of true and genuine gratification.
ScssooLs oF ABtr.-A meeting of a few of the executive chair2nen and of the masters of the various schools of art throughout the united kingdom was held yesterday at Marlborough-house, for the purpose of taking into censideration and discussing the wvorking of the present system adopted for diffusing the knowledge of elementary drawing among the working classes and their children. Lord Stanley of Alderley presided, and the following gentlemnen were present and adressed the meeting on the subject under discussion :-The Rev. 13. D. Tinling (Bath), the Ron. and R1ev. G. Yorke (Birmingham), the Rev. G. W. Bellairs (Cheltenham), the Rev. A. Rligg (Chester), Sir Stafford Nlorthcote (Exeter), the Hon. and Rev. S. East (Eampshire, north-west district), the Rev. J. S. Howson (Liverpool), Dr. Branson (Sheffield), Mr. J. J. Smith (Sheffield), MIr. Henry Aldrich, and the Dean of Hereford. The masters present were :-Messrs. Davidson (Chester), Knight (Cheltenham), WaDls (Birmingham), WVigzell (Exeter), Scott (iewnsotle-upon-Tyne), Pyne Hampshire district), Nursey (Sorwich), Steart (Paisley, Mitchell (Sheffield), iuckley (Burslem), thammersley (anchester), Hamerton (Swansea), Thompson (u' arrimnton), Kyd (W'orcester), Rice (Stoke), and Finnie (Liverpool). Tn T TN1siw >'ThsrToN POBi NUuSEs.-The andal general weeting of the governors and members of tbis institution, St. John's-house. founded in nitzroy-square in 1848 for qualifying nurses to perfonn efficiently the wnork of attendmg the sick in private families, whether ricl or or, and now locatedein QSeen-square, Westminster, was heldyesterd.ay nternoon at 79, Pall-mall, the Bishop of Lichieldin the chair. From the report it appeared that t,he coucil in the course of the past year had undertaken the entir charge of the nurses'deparnentinh ing's College Hkospital, and that the duties of matron, sisters, and nurseS were dischargaed at the hospital by members of St. John's-house. Ef this experiment was successful the council hoped to afford aid in processof time to other hospitals and infirmaries in bhe kingdom. In conuecting themselves with mig's HIospital the council still made St. John's-house, Queen-square, the centre of their operations; and up to the time of entering on the charge of King's SCollege Hospital the housf had been engaged in its usual work. The reports had been most favourable, during the past year, of the sll, kiness, and conduct of the nurses in the hospital at home and abroad. 202 sick persons, chiefly in Westcinster, had during the past twelvenonth been attended at their. own houses; among these 39, being poor, had been supplied wvith necessary food and wine, in moest cases, by the Sisters. Two nurses had been occupied in gratuitously nursing the children in a time of great sickness in the Wanstead Infant Orphan Asylum. The house nowv numbered 56 members-viz., 6i resident sisters. 13 associate sisters, 27 nurses, and 10 probationers. Of these 1 associate sister and 1 nursehad not yethreturned from the hospitals at the Late seat of war. The chief thine now required to insure the perm anence of the institution was to provide a buildin,g suitable to the character of St. Johs House and adapted fo'ts purposes; and, asthe lease of the1p resent premists expired at Midsummer, 1859, the Councilhhad invested 6001. in the Three per Cent. Consols towards a building fund, to which they earnestly solicited contribatious, in ordersthat they might begin the necessary operatious as soon as possible. The total receipts of the honse in the year ending Moarch 31, 1856, exclusive of donations for special purposes, had afounted to 1,4457. ls. 3d. The total expenditure had amounted to 1,7017. Os. 4d., being in excess of income by 22ffi. 7s. ld. 'edhe council, hosever, had every confdence that the prblic would not allow an institution which was effecting so great sand charitable a work with increasing success and increased prospects of usefulness5to become emnbarrassed by lack of means to prosecute its labours, and an eamination of the balance-sheet showved to how great an exctent the houlse wa&s dependent on voluntary annual contributions;- for to meet its expenditure in the past year only 7171. lGs. had been earned by the house, or received as payment for the services of its nurses. The report, on the motion of Lord Ljyttelton, seconded by Dr. Jelf, Principal of King's College, wvas adopted, and the retiring members of the council were reelected. THE PEACE REJOICGs.-Soun_pLwIO , 1May27. -At a public meeting held at the Town-ball last evening it was unanimously agreed to postpone the celebration of the restovation of peace to the 30th of June, instead of commemorating the day on the 99th inst., asappointed in other places. This determination has been rendered necessary by the death of the late respected mayor, Mfr. Sanipson Payne, whose funeral takes place to-morrow, the day preceding that on which the proposed festivities would otherwise have been enjoyed, [tAdvertisement.3-"Bell's Life in London" of Sunday next. Jume 1, with gratuitous supplement, win eotain:-Epsom T;acee, the DerbY and Oa-s; full and exclusive PartiCUlars of this irAiorent meeting-Cricket: All England *nd other imporant matches-A'of atihs: Yachting Intelligences olywing at Oxford, at. -Pi esttianism- Pi-eon Shoot ingWrestecngrThe sing: thc la:c Fght for the ChWapiondsip, newr and important uatche, and all the sporting dlsa oi the s eek -the Trial of ailliam Pamner. and ether miscellanedous intelligence. 1'rire, stamped, 6a.; ansted, Sd. Ottice, [td=ertscement.oe-To Advertisers.-X large number of comes of the TidaylTmnes" (tenoargetweerdy pater in Enaleud) in aition to its -al eady greatly increased cclTation, is fonraeled byw ve, small to Sydney. austrmia, lelbenreA, rieuw Yorlc ABted, nhiLadelphia. the restindies, Carls, andthe Agriculturalandmanufactining districts in England. Ireland. sad ticotlsnd,-containiag all the lateatulews upto the eve of pebliestien. on llnnday next, may 3l. itwl contain the Trial and .5entence on Palmner at the Old Baile-y -Tips from the Stables-Full liepert or the Eqses for the Derby and Oaks---Coutinust.ion or the 100 Guinea Envel-Th;eatrleal,, Police, Law, Domestic,sail Padlulmeuetai3 Intelligense-Agrludtura Advice .-and,sfews of the rari, Chelmusrord. an liBath Asrirsitoral and TmVlement Shows. No. extra chuge is made for buPplement, whichis given wpeby. Of1je, el03 FieetstrsAj, L9ldon.
From thc LONDON GAETTB of 2lucsay, MayT27. LORD CRAE BERLAIS-OMEICE, ApRX 29. Notice is hereby given, that Her Majesy will bold a Draving-Room at St. Jatnes's Palac, on Thursday, the 2h of 3May next, at 2 odlock, to celebrate Her Majestys birthday. N.B. The Euights of the severl Ordlers areto appear in their collars at the Drawing-Room on the 29th of May next. WAR DEPARTMENT, :M,y 26. The Queen has been graciously eaed to give Oders forthe appointment of fieUtennut-VeeriJMarkCVbbon, C.B., of the East India Company's Service, Commissioner for the Govermuent of 7Uysore, to be an Ordinxy 3eber of the Civil Division of the Second Class, or Knights Commanders of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath; and of Colonel Edward Charles Warde, of the Royal Artillery, to be an Ordinary Member of the MEiitary Division of the Third Class, or Companions of the said Most Honourable Order. FOREIGN-OFFICE, MAY 24. The Qaeen has been pleased to approve of Mr. George Krehcuer as Consul-General in EnglaCd for His Majesty the Emperor of ALI the Rzsis Iv EEHALI, M&AY L The Eight Ron. Sir John Jervis, Knt. lord Chief Justioe-. of Her Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, at Westuninster, bas appointed George Adam Bird, of Eidderminster, in thecount of Worcester, Gentleman, to be one of the Perpetual Commissioners for taling the acknowledgments of deeds to be executed by married women, under the Act passed for the abolition of fines and recoveries and for th#. substitution of more smple modes of assurance, in and for - the county of Worcester. MAY 22. The Lord Chancellor has appointed Thomas King the, younger, of Brighton, in the county of Sussex, Gentleman, to he a Commissoner to administer oaths in the High Court of Ch=acery in ungiand. BOARD OF TRADE, WJHTnn, MAY 24. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Comritte eE PnivCoilcil for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Alairs, a copyof a despatch from Her Majesty's Ambassador at Paris, enclosing a copy of a French Imperial decree, reducing the import duties upon cocoa oils and sesame seed imported directly from the French settlements in India, and of which the origin shal be proved by a certificate of the local authorites, to the amount fised by the decree of the24tb:of December, 1834, with regard to the same articles of the growh or production of F;rench Indis. WAR DEPARTMENT, PALL-aLL, MAy 27. 13th Light Dragoona.-Charles Reywortl, Gent., to be Cornet, t.7 purchase, vice Wood, promoted. 7th Foot.-3Maior Reginald Yonge Shipley to bo Lieut.-OoL, v;ithout inn-chause vice Pack, who retires upon half-pay; Capt. Richatrd, Wiihalni, MdwmrLth tOobe Maisr&p.w;ithoutpueaeve Shiple tAldoruth;EDnsidgn William Cookto be Adi. vice Wfaleri who reigns- 8th Foot.-Lieut. Breon Charles Border, from half-pay. 13th Foot. to be lieut., vice IPeamne, who exclanges; Enion RbertLs )tGrigOr. fromlthe 7lstFoot, tobe 1ieut, bypurchase, vice Bordes, wbo retires Ilth Foot-LIeut. Philip Boyne Vigors to be Adj., vice Bold,. 'who resigns the adjutancy only, 15th Foot.-Lieut. Charles J. Watson Alen to be Ca t., by purchaeb vice Deoloutenalh who retires ; EsignWVliiamStar Ae, tobe Liet bypurciase, vice len; agensJamesCaulfeldprowne, gent., tob Ensigo. by purchase, vioe Starke. 24th Foot-The surname of iJeut. Austen is Godwin-Austen 43dFoot.-Quartermaster Joseph Denton to be Pnymaster. vime M'Crea, who retires upon half-pay as ideut. of the 94th Fot; Quartarmaster-Sergeaut James Denton to be Quartermaster, Vice Josepli lenton. 69th Foot.-Lieut.NewtonJonesPauli, from the North Gloceeer dilitiA, to be Ensign, without purchase. 67th Foot.-Lieut. Emanuel lcnia Bass. from the West Cork Artiil.ry iNUlitia, to be Ensign, without puchase, vice Hugh Robson Evans 74th Foot.-Sergeat-Major GeorgeWVatson, to be Quartermaster ice Dames. v;ho retires upon half-pay. 84tb Foot.-Ensign Richard Maybury, from the 31stFoot, tobeI3eut, by purchase, vice Gibaut, whose promotion, by purchase, on tbe 7th of Septexnber, 1855, has been cancelled. 5th 'Foot.-Major Edward John Vese Brouneto belieut.-Col. without purchase, vice Brevet-CoL Shirley. who retiresupon half.; Capt. the Elon. J. J. Rolrke to be lisjorv without purchase, vice- Brownke;au. WilaBittie to be Cap-. wMont purebase; io LAND TRANSPORT CORPS. Cornet Joseph Pdamer has been permitted to retire hljcomsmiggioM, CAVALRY DEPOT. Quartermaster T. Smith has been permitted to resign upon half-pay, COMIMISSARIAT DEPARTMTE:NT. Assist. Comuissary-General Henry Green hs been removed from -. the Bervice, he having reused to obey an order to proceed on duty. HOSPITAL STAFF. Acting As-ist-Surg.ThomasChaytorBeae, having been polteu to the OsmanDi Irregular Cavalry on the 15th of lebr 1,8, 'ia services in the Army Medical Department have been dispensed with from that date. BREVET. LieUvt.-;Cok Henry Hope Grasase, of the 3th Foot, having completed thre ars actual service in the rank of Lieut.-CoL, to be promoted to be Cot in.the armly. The undermentioned Quartermasters retired on half-pay to have the honoiary raik of Captain, under the Royal Warrant of the 17th of December, 185v:- Quartermaster Charles Daimes half-pay, 74th Foot. quarteraster T. Sit;h, hail-pay CavalryI,epbt. The promotions of Assistant-Surgeons George Yats and William Hutchiinson, of the Tarkich Contingent. to the Local sunk or Surgeons in Tmrkey on the 18th of February, 1816, have ben cancelled. The undermentioned promotions to take place in the Eat India Company's army, consequent on the deathof General J. Greenstreet, Bengal Infantry, 9th of April, 185, and Lieutenant-G ale T. Wilson, C.B., Bengal Inlantry, 2d of April, I53:- To be GmtERnA. Lieut.-Gen. Mossem Boyd, Bengal Infantry. To be LIEv f sNT-GE_GENw=s 4ajor-Gen. William R. C. Costley. engal Infantry. Major-Gen. Charles ferbert, C.B., ras Infantry, To be MAJOR-GEhEt4Le. Colonel Ienry Francis Caloy, Bengal Infantry. Colonel Hope Dick, Bengal Infantry. The undernentioned officers of the-East India Company'gserice, retired upon full pay, to have a step of honorary rank, as follows: To be IJEUTMZUSNT COLQNgL5 MajorWilliam Humphrey Lomer, Bengal Infantry. Major Thomas Jamte, Bengal InLantry. COMIiIISSIONS ofthe ity andCounty oftheCityof Lc G aGndoft aCitd and County of the City 'if Ilind roty Royl Goceteshie Hssr Rgimntof Yeomazry Cavalry- ThvesRightHon. Rcrhard Lord Raglan, =tobe Cornet, viceBawyer, By the L0Rn-LrsmMr_\rap-T of the County of MzaU0IOSsTL-n Royal 3iermoneth Militia.-Lewis Rtichard Morgan, et ob Ensyin, viceAba, who resigns. g geut, to be By the V1c-LcXuM=N-T0 f the County of Pmni,3. RoYal Perthe-hire litne Miltia.-Emsign Mdathew Jamnes CAmern to - beLieut., viceStein,promoted;nsig F cis Nasghtenelie to he Lient.,vieSathe, appointed to 53d Foot. This "Gazette" contains a notice that the following place has been dulyregisteredfor the soleminization ormarriagestheri.- UppaerChapel, Princes Risborougi, Buckighas PARThERSHIS DISSOLVED H. X. PaYne and T. F. Plretty, Wclvexha,mipton, Etatck hraceys_.J J. J., and. Lewis,; iten, SOmeitsehb ie, frmiers.i-Frfbi-aer s, Whitaker, Halifax, pianoforte seflers.-HMie an .Gdin an, raw, ierkewelLSmith and Hayes, M1anchester, cotton manufac-. turers.-G. Brace and G7. N. Colt Surreynstreet, Strand, attrern-ys.-. C. Britow and J. F. Penninetan, lew Batshi,,,re uineral feat*herlneu.-J. Briggs and Co,, ]imura&rd, Yorkshire, coal owners so far an regards J. Brigge and J. la&sey-A. Grauger and Co., Blackmanstret,Booug, eatinea-lnt ndReeves, T3hrogmorton- WiClliam adHawker, GreatQen-hstreet, eingravers to alio brutders upts Court; solicator, slr. ChidlteY Grhiham-strest;. ad. Jolte;, Mr.aLeehrt, dmermubr.Gane n Gan,Pdy orsi, bharles Pau-ley, atock Orchard-cventr , Holloay m anuac eckh to urreder June10, at 1 O'clock, July 75,at1 at 1, atb ]ieBahk,'P rpsCourt; Eolcitor.1Nr. Cbdc. GCshadleytreahmsrct; onWMSegn,sjgaee builde ne95. at2at, t n Cour;lsiiorn and r Chidly, Gehomard-street;officiaasignee aad. Edwa3rds Canan, ldrmakc burt,Bsnga. et George Read, High-e t,oe, corn dealer, June 6,- atn 2alt half-past 11 oclck at their gamkstlet Court: solicitor, Mr. 0o'lc,at the 3i ErpO n DlEr'hlam DisO>tOrfwp,i6u I uXAtOder bamth Touden,o ascrpo; olliral assignee, Mr. John Bs James GWbaldkerdMimue, Tubidge Wll,wthaer, June 7,an ul At 12 'lol, Juth ritly 15titCA tBnm y solicito Vsrs, Mesra. nee. Mr. Canaan, AldermanbuMr. Goore Wibams Wolerhapton pa er dealer Junerhad2,atm half-pat llo'eock, athePrminhamDls UIctc5 fLBankrnuptcy; solcitrs,Mesrs.Idoterm ad kigh, BrmnghW%am; oicil assfig- nee, Mr. Whitsoore, Burr.ctori-ngbaard ham oficil asinee Mr Bitison PmminhaoXca Kie Jams Gbbrd,Caitit, ictaler,Jun10and July'. 81a2 o'clock, ~ ~Loeds Distrit Court of Bank utc:citorI, Megr. assigee, r. Hpe, eeds DIVIDENDS. June 21 P. Quiclc, Bristol, jeweller.-june 18A W. Woods. Basin hall-street. varchonseman.-June 18, T. Walters, VosneU-=roa yocer.-June 17. D. Davis Neivingin-caumeway, gla inerchant_- June 17, C. R. Sauerbrey, Fenchurch-strect and York-groye, PFciham, ship broker.-June 18, J. Walker IVardour-street, Oxfod-aret, a praiser.-Jane 1?,. Tbeobald, Ulchester, coal merchant,-j-ine 18, J. and G. WVilkioson, Leadenbaslstrect, Indigo boersk-Jnqjo -18, J. T. Wheatley. Commercial-rqaod, Lambeth l ghtemm.--Juna 17, A. Holloway, Baaingstoke and Strattela bg i draper.-June 17, J, Tin0on, Farringdon innkeeper.-JJtune 17, L. Wild, Goldhawk-teracoe, New-road, bhepbeni's.ball. butlder.=-,m 18 E Tacker. TRth-strect, Soho, printer.-June 17, H.H Hnton, Dun stable, strawsat aMnufacturer.-June 17 J. Joyce. 3romley,eDt, bakr.-une19 P.Melish NwBnd-tret,anm Wardmnr-street, Soho,truulmmnaker.-Juno 19, W. Fairey. Bedford, profision merchant, -Jun 24. G1. Davis, Wigmar-sreet, tUavendish.qvuare, cabin emaker. Jn128Je,tes,unGoeij.lret casr.J 17 W.James,in ten-upon-Holtl, mSelrchCant. mnuatua uel L CERTIFICATES to be grauted unlIms cause be show to tU e coitr ~uneis. . s.ra,on the day of meeting. June 19, W. Pigy utehaseus.n waeonnnb!, Rotn- dn, iverpmol, dnt.l1ec- e 17, 3. B. lor a r m ri, Derby, aronfoundt r -aune 2o a J. bikid, it3oe, iss ir.-.Tuoin 19, J. Godfrey, Creech p tt Mihdael, Saniersetdir. acoir. A. Mbilne and J. H . Duen ?cwr alr,JuIn 3, at'/ o'ock, nt the Globe llotel, Glaqow. ~Aisee W. P'. iMackenzie, Aviemere Lynunilg, tac, ao Innkeeper, June 12, at 12 o'clockr. at GlainderloteHOl, in. [AKdverisement,}-The Dn<dsees of Rorthumbet lend's part, a Nortlmmber ermdhoeae tina esea, M
PARLIAMBNTARY INTBLLGENC.B. EOUSE OF LORDS, TuEsDAY, MTAY 2T. The LoPD CiLincEraoR took his seat on the woolsack at| 5 o'clock. The Earlof EGLINTOUS presented a petition from Glasgow, and also one from Norfolk, praying for the repeal of the Act of 1853 for the Better Regulation of Public Houses in Boroughs. ABSENCE OF LORD BROUGHAM. The LORD CHANCELLOR having preente*d various petitions for Lord Brougham, read the following letter:- "Grafton-street, May 26. "My dear Chancellor,-I am sorry to give you the trouble of these petitions and of my bills, hut my attendance is of course out of the question. Indeed I am very unwell; and, besides, 17 years (both by the time and work) have left me unable to struggle as I did under the afflictions of 1839, and I may, perhaps, venture to hope that I have earned a title to some rest under the present. Two of the bills are in their last stage, but not the most important, that on udical statistics-which I earnestly recommend to your care. The prints I understand will be delivered to-day or to-morrow, and you will see that with its 50 elaborate and carefully prepared schedules it gives the frame of a complete system of judicial statistics, criminal and civil, general and local. "Ever yours sincerely, " BsoRUurAm." THE DANUBIAN PRINCIPALITIES. Lord LYNDHURST.-It may be in the recollection of ur lordships that one of the articles of the treaty signed at pris ulated that a commission should be appointed to reform the laWv and institutions of the principaities, and that,subsidiarv to that comniission, two representative bodies, conisistin$ of all ranks, should be appointed with the view of ascertaining the wishcs of all classes of the inhabitants of those principalities with regard to the proposed alteration, and that those bodies should report upon the subject to the commissioners, who, in their turn, should report to the Conference at Paris, where the whole matter would then be settled and arranged. That course of proceeding, if honestly pursued, would most probably lead to a satisfactory result. One most important point was that those representative bodies should be preserved from all extraneous influence, and therefore it was agreed that they should not commence their proceedings until the Austrian troons were wholly or in great part withdrawn. Another poini,equally important, is, that the government of the hoswoaars,whose term of office ends in June, should have ceased before they entered upon their duties. That was considered inisortantonl account of the power and inflnence of the hospodars, and more particularly on account of the knowvn connexion of Prince Stirbey with the Austrian Govermnent, or, I may say, his absolute dependence on that Power; and accordingly, with very great propriety, great councils were held at Constantinople, at wvhich it was determined that the two hospodars shouild be removed boefore the proceedings of those representative bodies commnenced. Now, nothing could be more satisfactory to the people of the principalities, although it was not so satisfactory, I sin told, to the Government of Austria. I am, however, told that, in the absence of the Grand Vizier, who is in this country, a second council was held at Constantinople, at which the former decision was reversed, and that that reversal had met with the very distinet approval of the Austrian Government, expressed by the Austrian Mlinister. The question, therefore, which I w;ish to put to my noble friend is, whether there isany foundation for that report, and whether he can assure the House that the proceedings under the commission and under these subsidiary bodies will proceed without their being subjected to any undue or extraneous inlunence?2 The Earl of C1LAREDON.-My noble and learned friend has correctly stated what took place at the Conferences in Paris with respect to the principalities and with regard to the objects which thle representatives of the contr.cting Powers had in view. We determnined not to settle anything finally, because it was impossible to obtain snfi. cieat information then to enable us to form new institutions, but that two Divans should be formed for that purpose, which should act without check, and which should honestly represent all classes of the community. We made the condition that those Divans should not commence their proceedings while any foreign occupation existed, and that no influence shold he hIeld over theirdeliberations. We agreed that a finnan for convoking those Divans should be agreed upcn by the representatives of the contracting Powers at Constantinople, in order that we might know that our obiect,-viz., that of securing the free representation of the principalities, wvas ik-ely tobe attained. I have no knowledge of the circumstance to which my noble and learned friend has alluded, although yesterday I saw a similar account in a newspaper. The letter in which that account was contained was dated Constantinople, May 12. Now, we have despatches up to the 15th, in which no mention is made of any circumstance of the kind, and I had last night an opportunity of inquiring of the highest Turkish authority now in this country as to the truth of the statement, and he informed me that he was quite sure that no such arrange. mnent had been made. The attention of my noble friend at Constantinople shall be called to the subject, and I am sure that he wil not allow any arrangement to be made which will defeat the intentions of the Conference without offering such protests as he is so well able to make. The Earl of MALMESBURY said, that he had read -with pain and regret a statement that the fort of Ismail, which was within the territory that had lately been ceded to Turkey, had been dismantled. The two forts of Ismail and Elia Nova would be of great service for the defence of the Turkish frontier, and he wished to know whether it was intended that they should be dismantled or that they Ehould be garrisoned ? The Earl of CLARENDON said, that he did not know if the fort of Ismail had been dismantled, but those two fortresses were situated in territory which now formed an integral part of the Turkish empire; and therefore, if they had been dismantled, it would be perfectly competent for the Turkish Govermment to reconstruct them if they thought Et to do so. Lord LYNIDHURST.-May I ask the noble earl whether it is intended that the hospodars shall remain in office after the expiry of their present term, which will terminate at the close of next month? The Earl of CLAREBNDON.-It was proposed to the Turkish Plenipotentiaries that the hospopars should not coniinue in office after the end of June. They agreed that that would be the proper course to take, but stated that it would be necess-ary to appoint kaimakans in place of the hospodars. He felt that it would be impossible at that moment to say exactly what arrangement should be adopted, and resolved to leave it to the Porte to determine what should be done in order to secure the tranquillity of the provinces during a state of crisis. Lord LYNDRURST.-Will the noble earl say whether, in the event of the hospodars being removed from their offices, they are likely to be placed in the situation of kafinakans? That is an inferior office, bet still one of considerable influence, and, fiUed by the present hospodars,would be open to the same objections as the existing order of th-ngs. The Earl of CLARENDON.-When the hospodars& term of office expires it wiUl be .or the Porte to name the kaimal;ans. It does not at all follow that the present hospodars will be chosen. It wil be open to the Porte to appoint whom it pleases. The subject then dropped. INDIA. The Duke of ARGYLL moved for the production of the paper drawn up by the Marquis of Dalhousie, in February, Ibod, containing an account of the various events and transactions which had eharacterized the Government of India during the last eight years. The motion w.as agreed to, and, on the suggestion of the E-arl of ELLrNzos3ROUcc, the correspondence relative to the annexation of Oude, was also ordered to be laid on the table. BANKRUPTCY (SCOTLAND) BILL. This bill passed through committee. HAY AND STRAW TRADE BILL The Earl of EGI.NTON moved the second reading of this bill with the view of sending it to a select conmnittee. He stated that its object was to amend an act passed in the reign of George Ill. for the prevention of frauds in the hay and straw trade. Lord STANLEY said that as the bill was to be referred to a select committee he would not oppose the second reading, although he saw no reason why the hay and straw trade should be made the object of special legislation. The bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be referred to a select committee. The Oxford University Bill went through committee. - FIRE I1TSURANCES BILL. LIord STANLEY of ALDERLEY moved the second reading of this bill, the object of which, he observed, was to render liabIe to duty all property in this country insured abr-oad. The Earl of LIALMESBURY thought we had abandoned protection four years ago, hut here wa5 a bill which was the very incarnationl of protection. (Hear, hear.) No proI osition had ever is.ued from to Opposition side of the hou a5mre meimbued with protetion an this was. But, putting that aside, he skedhowthe billwas to beg racti- cally carried out. H ie did not see how it was pos sIle to preventevasion of its provisions. hHear.) Lord MONTEAC LE wa g surprised to hear this measure decided as one of protection. In one sense, no doubt it was a bill for protection, hu t it sas the cotection of Her Maes s revenuefom uggling. (Hear, hear.) It w as no mnterference wihththe freedom of trade, nor was it to protect privatnterests, bu t the interests of thexevenne. The Earl of DOMOUGE 3oRF, said, tfi object of the bill was to prevent French capitalistsfrom c ting over to insure property in this ountry. They desired -to employ their capital in this way, and here it was proposcd?o enact a mea- sure of proteetion against them. It did not awpesr to him to signiy wlhether corn or money was the asueje affected. In et h er casit was a measure of protection. Lord. STA.NLEY of A2LDERLEY th ought there Vwerad h-e acme force in the objection takeni if French capital wero-now g-abjected tothe same conditions imposed on English cap4lal; tnt the fact was it pid Uno duty in the case of insurances Psl this country, while English capital paid a duty of Ps. per cent. Ts propossition now made was the samie as that of imposing a ,uity on French corn brought to this country if it wass converted into Englisli malt. The Earl of MALMSSBURY said, they had been told ihat nothing was to be protected, that no inoculation what. -ewas wb 'e interfered w ith . as it woul b o contrary to Ab r ? freple oafe, A9fLe true uay of settlig thin i question would bo to take the duty off insuances in tis country. I The bill was then read a second time.' -IIT3 ARY ESTABLISHMENTS IN THIE NORTH AMERICAN COLONIES. The Earl of ELGLN then moved an address to the Crown for copies of any despatches from the Secretary of State for the Colories to the Governor-General of Canada or the Lieutenant-Governors of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward's Island, on the military establishment to be maintained in those colonies, of a later date than the despatch of Earl Grey to the Earl of Elgin, of the 14th of Mfarch 1851; and the copy of the report of the commissioners appointed by letters patent under the great seal of theprovince of Canada, dated the 27th of October, 1554, to investigate and report upon the best means of reorganizing the militia of Canada and providing an efficient economical system of public defence, and to report upon an improved system of police for the better preservation of the publiEc peace; and a cepy of any act or acts passed by the Parliament of Canada in pursuance of this recommenda. tion. The noble earl observed that he did not know whether it was the intention of Hler Majesty's Government to grant these returns or not, but he thouight it would be only respectful to the House that he should briefly state the | grounds upon which ho submitted the motion to their lordships. A few Weeks ago he had caUed the attention of thenoble Secretary for War to certain rumours which were then current respecting an alleged intention on the part of the Govermnent to make a very considerable addition to the military force maintained in the British North American colonies, and to make that addition with certain unusual accompaniments of pride and ostentation. He believed that Eome of the reports then very extensively circulated by the press went the length of stating that a certain portion of the magnificent fleet, at that time assembled at Spitbead, was to be employed to convey 10,000 men from the Crimea to Canada. Having had somo experience of r the state of feeling in America, ho thought that if rumours of this kind were transported across the AItlantic without a single word of denial, qualification, or explanation, they might produce very uneasy feelings both in the British provinces and in the United States; and they might perhaps have the effect of inducing the Congress of the 'United States-which, he hoped ho might say vithout offence, sometimes acted rather upon impulse in such matters-to adopt countervailing measures of precaution or of menace, which might still further complicate the relations subsisting between the two countries. Sinceo that time he had received an American newspaper, in which the reports to wlich he referred were republished, with such comments as they might fairly expect. These reports commenced with the following extract from 27e Times:- "'We believe we may state with certainty that General Eyre's Division of 10,000 men is to go direct from Balaklava to Canada. Such a measure will, no doubt, be variously interpreted. We are not in the secret, and can only discuss it as any Canadian or American politician might do. It Will, of course, be set down by some people at once as a threat, or at least a measure of precaution; indeed, we do not see how, just now, it can escape the latter character, as the Cassadians themselves show no sign of disaffection, and in the present temper of the British people on colonial affairs it is doubtful whether we should take the trouble to coerce them if they did. If it be, then, a measure of precaution, the citizens of the United States, as they have just voted a million of money for war steamers, will not be surprised at our sending 10,000 men to the support of our loyal fellow-subjects. Canada was stripped of all her disposable forces for the service of this war, and as our republican neighbours have taken the opportunity of making a disturbance, it is a matter of course that, as soon as our forces are released, a portion of them should return to the colony. For our part, we much prefer this solution to another which may suggest itself-viz., that we are to make a rule of maintaining a large force in Canada. The colonists don't want it themselves. Indeed, they asked pernmission to raise a regiment for the war in the Crimnea, and thought themselves not very respectfully used when the offer was declined. Wle trust, indeed, that we are giving up the absurdity of an inrmense and costlv army, in the most unavailable and unimprovable form, spread in small detachments overhalf-a-hmndred colonies." There were some passages of that extract in which he most cordially concurred, but at the same time it mustbe admitted that the article was not written in a very conciliatory spirit towards the United States. The American journal to which h e referred also contained the following extract from another metropolitan newspaper (the lMorning Chronicle) .- ". No one is deceived by this declaration. 'WVere nothing meant, it would have been as well to have done nothing. But, first to send a fleet, then munitions of wvar, and then an army, has certainly no very great appearance of pacific intentions." He thought these reports, when they were brought together In such a shape, presented a somewhat formidable appearance, and justified the course he had talken in bringing the subject under the consideration of the Government, and inviting them to give some explanation of their intentions. He took the liberty of adverting to this point, because it was of great importance, in their discussions with America, that they should constantly bear in mind the fact, that Great Britain and the IUnited States possessed in the highest perfection the advantages of a free press. It was, therefore, impossible in either country to prevent the measures of the Government from being criticized, and their motives, real or supposed, genuine or putative, from being canvassed and scratinized. Moreover, the presses of both countries, being vastly influential within their own respective spheres, and also he said it to their honour-eminently patriotic, were apt in their international discussions, like the knights in the legend, to look a little too scrupulously to their own side of the shield. He believed the interests of the two countries were so closely counected that itwas almost impossible to promote the real interests of the one without advancing the interests of the other. He thought, therefore, that the great object of public men ought to be to remove any causes of possible misunderstanding, and that they should not shrink fiom suggesting conciliatory measures, although such a course might occasionally subject them to misrepresentation and reproach. It was with these views and feelings, and not with any intention of causing embarrassment to the Govermnent, that three or four days ago he had asked the noble earl below him whether a letter which had appeared in the American journals, purporting to be a copy of one written by the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs in this country, in reply to a request from the Government of Costa Rica for a supply of arms, was genuine or not. He knew that this letter, under the circumstances of the war now raging between Nicaragua and Costa Rica, in which a number of citizens of the United States were engaged, had produced a great effect in the States, and he therefore thought it most important that an opportunity should be afforded to the noble earl of giving to the public a true version of the transaction. He did not intend to comment upon the reply which was given by the noble earl to his inquiry; but he believed the noble earl's statement, that no arms had been sent to Costa Rica afforded very general satisfaction. He (the Earl of Elgin) might be permitted to say that, having seen a great deal of the people of the United States during his residence in America, and having had numerous opportunities of intercourse, official and non-official, with the leading men of that country, and spealung moreover in the interests of those North American colonies, which would be the first, and perhaps the greatest sufferers, if hostilities were to break out between the two Powers, he deeply regretted and deplored the extent to which an impression was gaining, ground in this country, that an unfriendly feeling existed among the citizens of the United States towards Great Britain. He deeply regretted the suspicion and distrust which that feeling-a feeling which he believed was totally erroneous-was imparting tothe political relations ofthe two countries. There was, no doubt, a disposition among certain classes of persons in the United States-classes composed of a much larger proportion of foreigners than of natives-to view the proceedings of this country with unfounded jealousy, and to put an unjust construction upon the motives by which it was influenced; but he entertained a firm conviction that the better classes in America, and, indeed, the people generally. were most desirous that friendly relations should be maintained with this country, and were conscious that any interruptions of those relations would entail upon both countries the most serious calamnities, without being accompanied by any compensatory advantages. He believed there never was a time, since the declaration of independence, when the substantial interests which bound the two countries together were so manifold and so important (hear, hear), and when the differences between them were so trifling and puerile as at the present moment. (HIear, hear.) He believed that, were it not for the point of national honour, which they believed to be engaged because th e Government to d them it was, the people of this country would not take much interest in any of the pending questions, and would not care whether they were settled one way or the other. (Hear, hear.) He deeply deplored the continuance of angry discussions between the Governments of the two countries: because he was confident that if the British people were once brought to believe that a colision with the United States was sooner or later inevitable, and if the Congress of the United States continued its military and naval preparations in order to be preusred against such a contingency, it would be impossible much longer to maintain peace between the two countries. He also deprecated the continuance of these angry discussions, because lie thought that, with reference to the disputes now pending between the two Governments, they had been led by their controversial zeal to assume positions diametrcal oRposed to those which a consideertion of their raan an permanent interests would have induced then to occupy. It was our interest, for instanco, that the neutrality laws of I the United States should receive the widestinterpretation, that that di os ition which exiit in some portions of the pupopulation of theUnited States torry on war o ntheir own account should be checked, and that the Government of the United Statesshouldbe led to recognize te ooli btinawiourh late controversy with the United States we had been led to contend for the narrowest inte rpretation of the neutrality laws (hear, hear), we had been led to maintain the right of persons resident in the Unrited States to enter into the ser- vice of foreign belligerents at their will, and that5t was not a fair subect for remonstrance thdiplomatissti of high rankkshould n ake themselvepates patoesuctposcheroings. s This view of the case had been mest ably put in the last detes2hof oh Foreign Secretary to M ar. ThU abk. "In great Brifain the law not only prohibits recruiting or enlisfinir within Vse British cld nions for the service of any foreign State, without the permission of the Sovereign, But it goes further, and prohibits any subject of Hler Majesty from so enlisting, even elsewhere, without the Royal perms sion. The polcy of Great Britain hence appears to be to prevent British subjects from entering at all into the service of foreign Statea without the permission of the Crown. The law of the United States appears to be different. Her Majesty's Government uanderstood, and that understanding is confirmed by Mr. Buchanan's note of the 6th of July, that the law of the United States only forbids enlistmnents, recruiting, and contracts or engagements within the United States, and hiring or retaining persons to quit the Uniteda States 'with intent to be enlisted elsewhere ;ht it does not! forbid citizens of the United States, who may have used their natural right of quitting the United States, to enlist into the service of a foreign State when they have left their own country. The sovereign power of the United States might, if it had chosen to do so, have followed its citizens with a prohibitory enactment beyond the territory of the United States; but it has not thoungt fit to do so, and the just and inevitable conclusion is, that 'what it might have forbidden, but has not forbidden, it has designedly allowed; that is to say, in other words, that it is the nolicy of the United States to prevent foreign enlistments within the United States, but that it is not the policy bf the United States to forbid the citizens of the Umted States to enlist, when out of the United States, into the service of foreign States, if they should choose to do so." That was a most temperate statement of the case, but such an argument would have come more naturally from ai American than from a British Minister. (Hear.) Their lordsbips would remember, however, the lowered tone and the bated breath with which the noble earl had read a or' tion of a despatch from Air. Marcy in the course of thelte discussion on the maritime code. The noble earl on that oceasion read the following quotation :. 1 " It is not apprehended that there will be any attempt to violate the laws; but should the just expectation of the President be disappointed, he will not fail in his duty to use all the power with which he is invested to enforce obedience to them. Considerations of interest and the obligations of duty alike give assuranee that the citizens of the United States wUll in not compromise the neutrality of their counL try by participating in the contest in which the principal Powers of Europe are now unhappily engaged." He could quite understand that the noble earl felt that a British Mnister was placed in a very false position by being obliged to employ all his ingenuity to weaken and extenuate the force of the valuable pledee which had been given by the American Government. It was also the real interest of this country in reference to the Central American question that the independenec of the Central American States should be preserved, and that no one great Bower should obtain an overweening influence in that territory, which was destined probably to become the highway of the commerce ofthe world. It was with this vieW that the Bulwer-Clayton Treaty was entered intO, and it was in pursuance of this view that a very valuable assurance was obtained from Mi. Abbot Lawrence on behalf of the United States, in a despatch from that gentleman to Lord Palmerston, dated November the Sth, 1849-to the effect that the Americai Governmenthad no ulterior objects to serve and thatthey had no intention wlhatever of supplying or colonizing that territory. In our zeal, however, to maintain some rights in Central America-which jhe felt bound to say he believed to be entirely worthless-we had been led to put a most restrictive interpretation on that treaty, and to extend to the utmost the limits within which parties might exercise a power of protectorate, or a quasi-sovereignty in that territory. rHre very greatly feared that the able arguments w hich we had employed in this discussion would be turned against us with effect in a yet more sehions discussion wPhich migli arise between us and the United States; h ut, in the mean time, all must agree in earnestly desiring that the presen controversy should be put an end to at the earliest moment. (Rear, hear.) But a few days ago an American gentleman of great eminence had expressed to him his conviction that if Lord Clarendon and Mr. Marcy were half an hour together in some room they would settle the whole question in a manner most satisfactory to all parties. Now that the noble, earl was released from the overpowering labours which hat been lately pressing on him he hoped he *would turn his great abilities and his great powers of conciliation to this important subject, and that by putting an end to the dissenlsionsbetween America and England he would add another to the manyclainis which he had upon the gratitude of his country. (Hear.) To revert, however, to the question of the transmission of troops to Canada. The noble lord the Secretary of State for War, in reply to the inquiries which he had addressed to him on a formier evening, had stated that the reports to which he had alluded were exaggerated, and that the addition which was to be made to the military force in the North American provinces was not so great as it was represented to he; and; moreover, that it was not intended for aggressie purposes in America. That declartion was most explicit and emphatic, and it must have given great satisfaction to all persons whose confidence in the discretion of the Government was of that somewhat qualified nature w-hich rendered esuch an assurance desirable. He himself was not one of that number, for it had never occurred to him' to suppose that it was even possible that the Government would be guilty of the imprudence of undertaking an aggressive movement in America. He confessed, however, that judgiug from past experience and a little influenced also by those reports, he bad felt at the time when he put the question some, little anxiety upon another point, which was not wholly removed by the answer which he had received. H3:e had thought, it just possible that Her Majesty's Government, conscious that they had at their disposal one of the most Powerful fleets and one of tbe 'best appointed a which this country ever possessed, might have conceived the opinion that something in the nature of a demonstration of force, something which their admirers might vaunt as a display of v igour, mig,ht be serviceable to them in the negotiations which they were then carrying on with the United States. He was glad to say, however, that the statement made by the noble lord at the head of the Government, in answer to an inquiry addressed to him in another place, went far to remove the apprehensions which in common with others he had entertained on this point. That statement, however, and the inquiry which led to it, went very far to justify the observations which he had already made, and to illustrate the advantage which a Governmnent enjoyed, when Parliament was sitting, of giving explanations, of self-vindication, of reflection also, and of reconsideration. That illustration in the present case was the more complete and the more instructivd because it contrasted in a very marked manner with what had occurred in a case almost exactly similar not many months ago. Their lordships could not have forgotten the circumstances attending anaddition made some short time ago to our naval force on the West India station. At that time Parliament was not sitting; no member of either honse could rise in his place to ask the Ministry to explain the motives of their proceedings, or to undertake the still more tbankldes offnce of warning them of its too probable consequences. The result was that the public, both in America and England, were constrained toput upon thatproceeding the construction which was put upon itby the press of this country-and more particularly by that poition of thepress which was supposed, uuiversally supposed in America, to enjoy the confidence of Her Majesty's Governmnent. Their lordships could hardly have forgotten the tone in which the people of the United States were reminded that as their community comprised many lawless individuals whom their Executive was either unwilling or unable to restrain, it becamae necessary for our Government to guard against the possible remissness of the Government of the United States. It was a very sigrnificant fact, however, that the pretext for these warnings was furnished, not by the proceedings of native-horn A\mericans, but by the idle ravings and the wild projects of apostate subjects of the Queen of men who had fled to the UJnited States-to seek a refuge from real or fancied oppression, and whose acts were a scandal and a reproach rather to the country of their birth than of their adoption. He did not pretend to say that the intentions insputed to the Government were correct. On the contrary, he thought it probable, nay, he was confident, that if the Government had had the opportunity of explanation which the sittingr of P'arliament afforded, they would have been able to explain aw.ay what appeared offensive in this proceeding; which might have been attended with some appearance of temporary success. But, if the Government had been watching the proceedings of the American Congress with due attention, they must have learnt to appreciate the cost at which such success was achieved. It futrnished with arguments a party in the UJnited States, small in number and contemptible in influence, but noisy and active, who found in denouncing the se-called overbearing attitude of Great Britain a theme of perpetual declamation; and it also furnished with arguments, unhappily for Anierica and England,as well asfor the peace of the world and all those transcendant interests of freedom, civilisation, and progress which were bound usp in agood understanding between these two ksindred nations, that class of persons in the United States who found their account in the maintenancee of an expensive naval establishment; and those who achieved these triumphs were therefore, unconsciously no doubt, but not the less surely, conspiring to call 'into 'existence that mnaterial force of the New World which would realize the prediction of a celebrated statesmen of this country in a sense little mneant by its author. The noble lord, in the course of his reply to the question put to him the other night, said that thle addition to be made to the military force stateioned in British Nforth America was intended only to replace the amoPUnt removed since the commencement of the war. It might be inferred from that statement that the reduction of force in the North American colonies of late years had been the result of accidental or temporary circumstances; whereas the returns he now moveX for would show that it had been the result of a policy deliberately adopted and steadily and consistently carried out, and would have taken effect even if the late war had not occurred. Tlle object of that policy was twofold. In the fiLst place, its object was to relieve the mother country of a portion of the expenses hitherto borne for the military protection of those colonies. In the second place, it was to call forth in the colonies a certain amount of military spirit and material force, which should be available, in peace for the preservation of internal tran uillity, and in war be of service to the mother country. he did not make the present motion with any intention whatever of occasioning embarrasmnent to the Government or placing any obstacles in their way in making such a disposition of the military force which on grounds of general policy they might think it necessary to maintain as a peace establishment, as they deemed most advantageous and conducive to the interests of the country. What the amount of that force should be, and how economy and efficiency might be reconciled in its composition and distribution-these were, no doubt, important questions well deserving consideration, but which he did not propose to raise on the present occasion. least of all was it his intention, in inviting their lordships to accede to his motion, to say one single syllable calculated to raise a doubt among our fellow-subjects in the colonies M to the deep interest this country took in their welfare, oras to its readiness to support them with the whole might of the empire against aggression ; but he di I think it very important, It the present time more especially and in the existing state of '6gr relations with America, to call their lordshipi.attention 'o-he elements of strength which this country poaseVd in the dTeated loyalty andperpetually increasing resourced'4 the great colonies connected with it (hear, hear)-to the pwer and consisteney they were of late assuming under the io luence of a vise saoinistration of colonial affirs by successive Governments, amid to implore their lordshipa to interpse their high autbo- rity, if necessary-though he did not assume that it would be-to preventthe adop'tion of measures which might have a tendencytoarrestthe work nowm proress, which promised, if perseveringly carried out, to render those colonies in time to comn a support instea of a burden to the empire. (Hear, hear.) He knew how prone individuals were to exaggerate the importance of subjects to which their atten- I tion had been directed, and he was sensible in pressing this matter on their lordships' consideration he might seem I to be yielding to that infirmity; but he could notl help thinking that the subject was one realy deserving the attention of the Parliamentof this country. (Hear hear.) England possessed some 45 colonies. Whether that was an advantage or an evil was not now the question, but he believed it rested with the country to render the possession of those colonies either the one or the other. But that the colonies existed was certain, and no less certain was it that their existence imposed on this country certain obligations and responsibilities, of which it could not, if it would, divest itself. Amaong them, perhaps the most onerous, the most delicate, and the most difficult of adjustment was this very question of the military protection of the colonies. He made bold to say, after an experience of 13 years in the colonial eervice, that, until a very recent period, this country dealt with this question on a principle which involved the monstrous absurdity that, in proportion as the colonies increased in wealth and extent, so their burden on the mother country increased. However, with regard to colonial administration, he believed that the example of our NTorth American colonies was about to prove contagious. It was hardly seven years ago since their lordships were told on high authoritythatthe constitutional system given to those colonies was impracticable, and that the attempt to carry it oat would tend to abet treason, discourage loyalty, and sacrifice the interests of the colonies themselves. Well, that system was now in full andhealthy operation, and was spreading itself over the whole colonial empire, and he ventured to say that in every colony where it had been faithfully applied and carried out it had produced an abundant return of loyalty and attachment to the mother country, and of prosperity, happiness, and contentment among the inhabitants of the colony. (Hear, hear.) But on this question of military protection the example of the North American colonies was calculated to be especiaDy instructive, because owing to the contiguity of the United States it had presented difriculties there which it could nob carry with it elsewhere. Therefore, their lordships might be sure that if in those colonies the difficulties had been surmounted the same difficulties elsewhere would not be insuperable, and perhaps not formidable. He did not presume to speak on thesb subjects with anything like authority, but perhaps he might be listened to when, as a witness, he detailed simply the result of his own experience in Canada. When hewent there in 1846 lie found some 8,000 troops stationed in that colony alone. They were scattered in suill detachments all over the colony, and therefore, as a matter of course, the whole duties of police devolved on them. UInder these circumstances, it was quite impossible for the local Legislature to do anything towards the establishment of a local force; and the military force was viewed with mixed feelings by the colonies- -with great favour on account of the expense incurred by the mother country, and with great and notunfounded jealousy, because 3t was supposed to be maintained for imperial, distinct from colonial interests, and that its influence was used for the support of that party which had the favour of the Home Government for the time. Consequently there was little disposition on the part of the local administration to do" anything to relieve the mother country from any portion of the burden on this account, and he found that it was actually the practice to charge with duties articles purchased by the money of this country and imported into the colony for the use of the troops maintained there. He sometimes mentioned this fact to Americans, but they thought. it so extraordinarythathe could hardlyRet any ofthemto believe it. InlSdthenumberof troops in Canada amounted to 8,000 men, whEowere scattered over the country, while at present there were only 1,880 who were concentrated in two or three garrisons, and the consequence was that the responsihility of maintaining the internaltranquillity of the province devolved upon the inhabitants and upon the authorities in different localities. A commission of four most able men, at the head of which was Sir Allan lI%ab, had been occupied in preparng a plan for the establishmentof a local force, had moved for the report of those commissioners, because he was anxious tha'. it should be generally known that measures of econory. in matters of military protection h'ad been carried out in such a way as to increase, and not impair, the defensive state, qf the colony. Those measures of concentrationwere carried out, he was bound to say, under the instructions of the Secretaries of State,underwhomlhewas serving, thenoble earlbelowhim (Earl Grey), and the noble duke; but at the same time, notwithstanding those instructions, he had felt that a considerable amountof responsibility rested upon himself personally, because he was well aware that if any injury had happened to British interests, or if there had been any disturbance of the internal tranquillity of the colony. the blame would have been laid upon the local governor; for it would have been said that it was his duty to have forewarned the Home Government of the danger which attended carrying their instructions into execution. The eminent man who preceded him held viewvs with respect to the condition of the colony, and the state of feeling which existed among the colonists, which, if they were sound opinions, would have rendered any material reduction of the military force in tlte colony an act of insanity on the part of the Government of this country. Now, he entertained the highest possible respect for that distinguished personage, but he could not assent to his views as to the feeling of the colonists. He believed, and had always believed, that the utmiost reliance could be placed upon the~ loyalty and good feeling of the people of Canada, and therefore he had no doubt as to the propriety of carryinlg out the instructions of the Secretary of State, and of adopting the policy of placing the Government of the colony to a considerable extent in the hands of the colonists themselves. That was a policy which was not orly, he thought, a just policy, but it was actually essential for the development of a sound moral condition among the colonists themselves. He was preparedto admit that in a state of war the responsibility of a country with regard to her colonies was much more extensive, and that was one good reason, even if there were no other, why England should always, if possible, keep out of war; but he was spealing of a state of peace. In a despatch which he had written some years back to his noble friend near him, he had expressed Lis views upon the subject, and he would trouble their lordships with a short extract from it, because it entirely expressed his present views. In that despatch he said:- " Although I hold tlat so long as the colonists have no voice in the imperial councils they are entitled to lool to the iniperial authorities for protection against hostilities which they have no share in provoking, and that it is therefore fittng that imperialgarrisons should be maintained atocertain important military stations, such as Quebec, as a pledge that this protection, when the contingency occurs, will not be invoked in vain - I am confident that nothing wimore effectually tend to the security of the empire, or to the establishment of a high standard of national and manly morals among the colonists, than the assumption by themselves of some portion of the responsibility in respect of self-defence and the preservation of internal tran.quillity, which has heretofore been cast upon the mother country." He could onlynowsay, inconclusion, thatif theintentionof the Government in sending troops to the North American colonies were to increase the garrisons there, in order, to give to the colonists the pledge and the assurance of future protection, he should not oppose it, but on the contrary, he would be prepared to defend the measure to the utmost. If upon the other hand, the object were on account of the contiguity or the salubrity of the North American colonies, or for some motive of economy to conveniently maintain a portion of our standing army in that colony, provided that it was done on the understanding that the charge should be borne on account of the general interests of the empire, neither would he then oppose such a course; but he should be disposed to the very utmost of his ability to protest against and to oppose any policy which wonld tend to reverse the work which had been in operation during the last few years, because he thought that it would be unjust on the part of the mother country, and also because, although it might be a boon -hi the first instance, it would be a boon followed by a speedy reaction, and it would put an argument inthehands of those who were disposed to denounce our colonies as burdens. The Earl of CLARENDON.-My lords, I am anxious to make sonie observations on the early part of the speech of the noble earl, but they shall be very few, because I am deeply convinced of the inconvenience-and possibly the danger-of such a discussion at the present moment. (Hear, hear.) Indeed, so deeply convinced am I of this that I shall refrain from making even a single observation on several remarks which fell from the noble earl, ancd which I heard with regret; but. stil, I am so anxious that there should be no mistake as to the feelings of Her Majesty's Government with respect to the United States, or as to the policy which they have pursued, and which they will continue to pursue, that I must address a few words to your lordships. And, my lords, I will, in the first place, say that, as far as I myself am concerned-and I speak also in the name of all the members of Her Majesty's Government-I do not believe there casi be the slightest doubt of my and their desire to maintain unimpaired the closest, the most cordial, and the most sincereirelations with the United States. (Cheers.) I believerno men can be more convinced than we are both of our interest and our duty to maintain those friendly relations with the American Government and people, and as far as I am conceiued, having siled the office of Foreign Secretary for some years, I can conscientiously affirm that neither by word nor by deed has anything been done which could create a just cause of irritation between the two countries. (Cheers.) The noble lord has alluded to the two points of difference between the United States and Great Britain-viz., the question of the recruitment, and the question of Central America. With regard to the recruitment, that question entirely arose from proposals made to uswith respect to persons desirous of entering into the Queen's service. We did not even contemplate accepting any of those offers without due reference to the neutrality laws of the United States, which, I entirely agree with the noble lord, it is as much our interest and& duty to uphold as it can be those of the United Sttes themselves. (Heart hear.). It is not our duty, . indeed,:-to encroach upon the laws of any -other .ountry ; buttwe have aninterest-a-British interest-in- the neutralitylavs. of the United States being maintained. The maintenanfe, therefore, of those laws was our first thought, as-theyoonstitated the principal paxt of our instructions; - and the -moment we ascertained that the recruitment could, not-be carried on without the danger-not on the part of our own -spqents, but of persons. who assumed to be o-r agents-of vioi&ting thle neutrality laws of the United StateF,.we agreed to relinquish the whole scheme. Your lordships have seeDn ron the papers whirc have been laid on the table that there is naothing which could be expected from one nation towards another, from one Government towards 1 another, from one gentleman towards another, that -ie i have not done or offered to do in order to afford reparation to the United States for any offence-however unintentional on our part-which they can conceive has been committedl (Hear.) My lords, the last despatch that was written on this subject, which was a resumd of the whole matter, in answer to the long despatch of 3Mr. Marcy, can hardly ye, have reached the United States; and therefore upon the question of tho recruitment I am exceedingly anxious not to say any more at present. But, as far as I have been able to ascertain what are the impressions which that despatch has produced in this country, I think the general opinion is that we have offered a completasatisfaction to the Government .of the United States, and that the only thing which we certainly have not done has been to recall Mr. Crampton and the consuls, because we do not think they have merited that censure and that punish. ment. (Cheers.) There would have been no Ehorteooing on the part of Her Majestfs Government if -we had seen reason to adopt a contrary course, or no hesitation to deal severely with any abgent who should so far have forgotten his duty and been unmindful of his instructions as to violate the laws of the United States; but being convinced that that had not been done, and having in our possession themeansof provingtotheUnited Statesthat it was not done, I think nobody will require of us to sacrifice our agents and to purchase a conciliation with the 'United States by doing that which would be both shabby and dishonourable. (Cheers.) With regard to the Central American question, your lordships know what werethe terms of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. I think it impossible that language could be mnore clear or more pre. cise in its meaning than the langaage employed in that in. strument. (Hesx, hear.) The treaty sets forth that there should not be in future any colonization, any occupation, any fortifying or strengthening of places not already in the possession of either country. I do not see how there can be two interpretations of its terms. It was intended for a specific object-first, the construction of a canal, and then its maintenance free for the use of theworld, prohibiting any encroachment on thepart of thelUnited States and Great Britain, which were the contracting and guaranteeing parties; but all its provisions were prospective, and there is certainly nothing in it which implies that we were to give up Honduras and Ruatan, or to evacuate or alter our position in any respect from what it was before the conclusion of the treaty. Itisimpossiblethatthevery_ableman-Sir Henry Bulwer-who negotiated the treaty on the part of Great Britain, could have taken upon himself, without instruc-I tions-even without the knowledge of his Government-to abandon any portion of British territory or British interests; and so far from having done anything of that sort, he made a stringent proviso, which was acknowledged by Mr. Clayton, that the treaty should not touch Honduras, or affect any of its dependencies. (Hear.) When Mr. Buchanan came over to this country we heard for the first time that there was an entirely new interpretation to be put upon the treaty. It was no longer to be looked upon as a prospective arrangement, but one for the evacuation of British territory, and we were told that we were to blame, and were the cause-I will not say of a quarrel between the two countries, but-of irritation and complaint on the part of the United States, because we had not fulfilled the engagements of the treaty by evacuating all the territory we possessed in Central America. I told Mr. Buchanan-what was the perfect truth-that that was the first time I had heard such an interpretation put upon the treaty. He replied that in his cointry there was no doubt upon the subject. I then said that-however clear the terms of the treaty might appear to me-to call in a third party, an impartial judge, to determine what should be the interpretation of the treaty, would be the fairest course to pursue between Governments as between individuals. I also added that-we certainly had no wish to possess territory in Central America; that we did not desire to extend our influence in that paxt of the1 world; that we were perfectly ready to enter into such engagements as would satisfy the United States, and even our own people at home (hear) upon that score; that it was therefore indifferent to us who was called in to ar.bitrate; that we should be prepared to abide bythe decision, whatever it was; but that to do what was not contemplated by the treaty, because we were told that a certain interpretation was put upon it which we could unt admit, was not a course which one Govermment should propose to another, and to which certainly no independent Government would submit. (Cheers.) I therefore proposed-what is by no means uncommon in such cases-that the matter should be referred to arbitration. To that pro. posal, although it has been so long before the Government of the United States, we have as yet received no answer; and therefore upon this question. also I do not wish to enter further, because I am convinced that, when the sub. ject really comes to be considered in the United States -whenthepublic opinion of thatcountry is brought toI bar upon it as upon all other political questions-when the American people are made acquainted with our assurancesas to having no desire to extend our territory or our infl.- ence in CentralAmerica, and as to our sincere wish to enter into engagements sufficient to satisfy every reasonable man, our offer of accommiodation will not be refused. (Hear, hear.) I have only to say, in conclusion, that I have heard with the greatest satisfaction from the noble lord, who is a far better judge of these matters than i can be, that among all classes in the United States there exist the most friendly feelings towards this country. I say I heard that statement 'with the .greatest satisfaction, because by certain public men in the Senate and in Congress-by certain official men-there have been language held and acts performed which, if held and done by any member of this House-not to say any member of Her Majesty's Government-would be justly denounced both by your lordships and the people ont of doors as the language and acts of a man who desired to embroil the two countries in hostilities. (Cheers.) Therefore it is that I heard with peculiar satisfaction from the noble lord of the friendly feelings entertained by the great mass of American citizens towards this country. I think the people of the United States can have no doubt of the existence of similar feelings here. (Hear.) I believe there never has been in England any hostile feeling towardc the United States; and, notwithstanding the clouds that have appeared on the horizon, the manner in which the recruitment and Central American questions have been treated by the press of that country has produced no real-certainly no lasting-feeling of irritation here. (Hear, hear.) I believe that the people of England are as anxious as the noble lord can be that all these disputes should be brought to an end. I can assure the noble lord that, as far as it depends upon me, tley shall be brought to an end. (Cheers.) Nothing shall be wanting on the part of Her Majesty's Govermment to bring them to a close ; and, if the information be correct which the noble lord received the other day, that Mr. Marcy and I might settle our differences in half an hour, I can only say that I am ready to meet him for that purpose on some island hadfway between the two countries. (A laugh. and cheers.) Lord PAMUNRE.-The noble earl who introduced this subject to the notice of your lordships divided his address into two parts. He first spoke of the policy pursuzed by this country with reference to the United States of America, and then addressed himself to the notice which he had placed on the papers. With regard to the first of those points, he has been answered by my noble friend behind me, and the duty now devolves on me of making a few remarks on the second part of his speech, which related to thetroops Her Majesty's Govermnent had recently thought it desirable to send to the North American provinces. But before doing so, I must take the liberty at once to state that this step has been taken with no desire whatever to overturn the policy to which my noble friend (Lord Elgin) has alluded, which polcy was more particularly referred to by my noble friend behind me as having been pursued by successive secretaries, and to which it is the object of Her Majesty's Government most strictly to adhere. (Hear, hear.) I have to state that it did seem expedient to the Government to add to the force at present in the British American provinces, and that not on colonial but on imperial grounds bhut Imy be here permitted to say to my noble friend that i think the exaggerated accounts which have - been given of the amount of the force sent to Canada were hardly the ground on which he- should have assunmed that the policy of several years past was about to be overturned, inasmuch as he might have ascertained that the number of troops sent home from the Crimea amounted s o five regiments, and that they were conveyed not in Her Majestys fleet, but in the usual manner by the transports of the British navy. The policy pursued in Canada of late years is simply this. Formerly it was the practice to maintain in the British North 4merican provinces a censiderable body of troops, -which did not only n11 the military service in these colonies, but also all the police duties that were involved in the maintenance of the public peace. I readily admint that the latter is not a dutyin which the British army ought to be employed. I maintain that both at home and abroad the purpose of the British army is higher and more distinguished than is implied in the mere administration of police duty; andit is in following out this doctrine that1we have thought it right to concentrate in British North America a body of troops which shall be exercised in military duties, and which shaU chiefly garri6on the important town of Quebec and one or two other-stations There the troops. will present an exampre of military edueation to the people - of Canada, and the militia. lwhich' they are - daily becoming more and more able to form, will receive-from soldiers under the command of such a man as Sir W. Eyre a knowledge of military movenents which will be to them of the greatest advantage if at-any time they are unfortunately called on to defendtheii =eIrths and altars. (Hear, hear.) But what, after all, is the vreat increase of -troops which we propose to send to British America ? Wegropose to send atthis moment five reiet -tenmost-sb-ength of -each men il be m and it is qite ble they may be re, duc en,de n ithe imQst qteit ach regiet wl du"o under that numbe~r. -ar to be, fpread IV_ex', Canada, Nova Scotia, ana New Brunswick, but cbiebfr gathered together in garrisons in Quebec and HalifaL In 183, appears by a retuan I hold in =y hand, theforce in Canada amounted. to 4,106. The foroe at thisr moment, including the five regiments to which I have referred, will be only 4,000; and, therefore, it can hardly be said that the number of troops to be sent is either such. as to damp the energies of the colonist on the one hand or create the least alarm in the breast of any sensible citizeni of the United States on the other. (Hear, hear.) To sho'w how far the polcy advocate by the noble earl has been. carried out, I may observe, that there is hardly one rixe ciple he has laid down that has not been abuost ully carried into execution. In the firstplae, the militarv forc of the country has been gathered and concentrated rn thepointstowhicchmv nobleftiendhasrefe prov icisL militia has been formed and'to a great extent organzed and drilled, and is now efficiently at work ho the purpose for which it was created. Then, thiscountry, instead of hrining home the material which it had collecteafromtheviouco lomles, has made over a vast amount of supplies to the colonial Governments as an encouragement to them to take into their own hand the defence of theirown land; andif we haveabrigade of theBritisharmy assembledinthat country, it is for nothing more than an encouragement to the Caadians to unidertake for themselves their own defence should such ever become necessary, and to thow them that-we are prepared, in the event of war occurring, to use every effotit in our power to defend a colony that will not, I trLst, soon be separated from this country. (Hear.) It is, in my opMion, necessary that we should maintain in Canada and the other colonies a body of troops, who should be accustomed both to foreign and colonial service. One of themast useful lessons that can be imparted to our soldiers is to tech them how to serve abroad-to let them see other countries, to learn the art of war there-to accustom them -to transporb by sea and land, and in this way to acquire all the duties belonging to their profession. (Hear.) Mad one of the advantages of the colonies of this country is, that you have an opportunityofsendingout troops to them, to enable them to see the operatons of our army, and to tempt them to enter into the service of the mother country withl readiness and zeaL (Hear.) I cannot omit this opportunity of alluding to the dcep interest Canada has taken in the war in, which we have been engaged. Nopart of Her Majesty's dominions at home showoed a deeper interest in the success of Her Majesty's arms. Not less than40,0O. came from the North Anerican, provices to relieve the distre's caused by the war, besides what was sent from lower Canada to our allies, for, not forgetting their origin, the inhabitants of that province sent 10,0W01. to France (Hear). I can assure my noble friehd that it isnot the intention of Her Majesty's Government-toreverse the policy we have been pursuing, and that the force sent to Canadaisforiimperialproses, couplerith those advantages to the colonies to wlnchlhave already adverted. I believe that the army of England ill nlot be used for mere pohce purposes in Canada. It will be used to garrison the extensive and valuable fortress of Quebec, which mounts about 160 guns, and where there are now, I believe, only 160 artillerymen to take care of the guns and ammunition. This force has also been sent out in order to form a nucleus for that portion of the British army which is stationed in Canada, and to afford means for that instruction in the' duties of brigade which the British ariny so much requires, andwhich will, I trust, be provided for by all future' Governments. Eazl GREY expressed his gratification that the noble eiarl (Elgin) had elicited the explanation which had been given by the noble Secretary for Foreign Affairs. He (Earl Grey) thought that explanation was absolutely necessary, for he' deemed it most important that the country should clearly understand the extent and objects of that increase of force in our North American Colonies, which, as they bac earnt from the newspapers, was now taking place. He attached the utmost importance to the explanation whicbh had been given npon both the grounds stated by his noble friend. He conceived that any departure from the policy which had been acted upon for a considerable number, ofr years by this country, of reducing the charge for colonial garrisons, would have the worst effect upon the interests of the mother country and the colonies. He thought also it. was still more important, at the present moment, that 'a, assurance should be given-as he trusted they might conaider it had been given-thai the increase of force had no. reference whatever to any recent discussion with the United States. ["Hear," from Lord Panmure.] In his opinion,this was the more necessary, because on the last occasion when this subject was discussed the noble SecretaryforWar used a somewhat unbappy phrase in saying that the' force which had been sent to Canada was not intended for "aggressive" purposes. No one supposed the United States; was tobeinvadedby an army of 10,000 men;but considerable' alarm would have been excited in his mind, after the recent. discussion with America, if he had been informed that the, increase of force had anv reference to either aggressive ordefensive purposes. It seemed to him, however, quite impossible that the discussion with the United States could lead to any serious results. He hadf heard with great plexsure many of the observations of the noble Secretaryfor Foreign Affairs. He certainly thought that, in the first. instance, Her 3Majesty's Government committed a great. error with reference to enlistment in the United States_ He did not see how it was possible that diplomatic servants [of the British Crown could be employed in anymanner witlh reference to recruiting in North America, without affording: some justification for the complaints that had been made' by the UJnited States Government. He thought if the proceedings of Mr. Crampton and the British consuls had been. confined tomaking known the desire of the British Government to raise aforce for the Rlussianwar in the Britislh provncesof North.America, that even if theutmostprecaution had been taken, still such a measure would have been virtually an infraction of the laws of the United States, and an infringement of the neutrality of those' States. He knew what would have been the feeling, excited in this country if the Russian Ambassador and the Russian consuls in Prussia had been alloweed tospread information that immediately beyondthe frontier of' Prussia a depot had been opened, at which anypons vho. could find their way from I'rassia would be en adin the Russian service, and that was a case which seemed to him to differ very slightly from what had been attempted by our agents in the United States. He also thought that, at the' commencement of the discussion, the tone of the despatchesof Her Majesty's Government was not so conciliatory as it. ought to have been. In his opinion the mnanner in which the maxim " UCivita4s non curcer czt" was quoted, and indeed' the whole tone of the despxtches, was anything but concilixtory to the United States. He was, however, happy to find that the latest despatch of the noble earl (Clarendon) was written in a very different spirit, and he could not believe that there was even the possibility of a quarrel with the' United States. With regard to the Central American question he agreed wsith the noble earl (Elgin) that the interests. of both parties were of the most trivial descrilption, and, provided the national honour was maintained, he believed nobody in this country caredfor anything else. He strongly, approved the proposal that the questions in dispuate should be referred to arbitration. Considering that every day the civilized world was declaring itself more and more generally infavour of the principle of arbitration, and that tliere was a general concurrenco in reprobating the conduct of nations. or of statesmen who, rejecting that means of arriving at a. pacific solution of disputes, would plunge into the dreadful alternative of war, he could not believe that from the trumpery questions relating to Central America any real damger couldarige. Hetrnstedand believed thattherewere noprosp,ects of anything like war; but he yet thought it was: of the uttmost importance that an assurance should be given that the despatchs of troops to the North American roViDCes had no reference whatever to the unhapoy ds putes which had occurred. It was unfortunatelyste fwct. that, among high-spirited nations, when measures were' adopted by one party on the ground that they were precautionary or defensive, similar measures were almost. invariably adopted by the opposite party, and were pushed a little further; passions beecame excited on both sides ; and when nations were thus armed, although there mihlt have been no real ground of quarrel inthe first instance,there' was great danger that the draadful calamities of war miglhtensue. They knew the effect produced upon the United States by the rneasures which Her Majesty's Governmentadopted in the month of November last. Thec papers laid. before Congress contained a despatch from Mfr. Buchanank to the Secretary of State for the UritedStates, tin which he' said that great jealousy and ala;rm ould be excited in the UJnited States by the intimation thnat the BritishGovernment were about to increase their naval force in tlhe Western Hemisphere, and they knew that tlis feeling: led the Congress to vote a very large sum of money forextending the navalforce of the 'United States. 11 was persuaded, unless the good sense .of the two Governments interposed, and nnless the tendency to amrntualincrease of armaments vwas checked, that-even if war slaouldbe ultimately averted, of which he would not like to speaktoo confidently if the process of arming once began-many of the evils, end much of the expense of war, would be' incurred, and strong feelings oT hostility vould be excited betweenthe two countries. He thoupht, therefore, thattbe explanation which his noble friena had elicited from HIer Majesty's Government was most important, and- he trusted they were entitled to assume that the Governinentdid not intend any deviation from the policy of reducing the' colonial garrisons, and that the despatch of troops to Canada. had no reference-even the most distant-to the differencies which had unfortunately occurred with the United States. The motion was then agreed to. Their lordships adjouned at half-past 7 o 'cloclc until Friday next.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, TimSDAY, MAY 27. The SPEAuCER toolk the chair at a quarfer to . o'clock. The Hiampstead Junction Railway Bill was read a thir& time and passed. IPetitions against religious endowment in Ireland wcre. presented by lr. WnxzsoN, from the congregation oEfthe Welsh Tabernacle, Aldersg.te-street; by Sir E. PEREY, f-om King-street Chapel, )evonport; and from I'xotestant Dissenters at East Stonehonse; by LieutenaitColonel ADAIs, from the congregationxof St. Amdrews'street Chapel, and of Zion Chapel, Cambridge; 1by r. ]IALjI, from Lymington, Littleborougb, Aberhafesp,Montgomery, Eudderafaeld, Birmingham, and from the comrnittee of the Congregatlonal l3nion of England andaWalrfrom friends of religious liberty residing in tarious parts'of the country assembled in London; from a jublic meeUihg held in Finsbusy Chapel, London; froma the congrpgationatClaremont Chapel, PentonvIle; and from a. meeting eat Eaci-ey.; by lhr. DiLLwy, from the inhabitants of LIangyfelach, in the county of Glamorgan; from the congregation of Brynteg Chapel, near - Swansea- and frdm the congregation of' adie Cbapel, near Swansea; by <Sir J. WAJ.ZSIZ, fr.om -TJZOUS MOngr. gatiOla of }'rotestant Dimenters at LeiceOter; by fr.n CotLr , , from the congregation of 'Zion Chajpel and~ other Fi-v sestant Dissenters in }I'nivmvh; by Iiet'enant-Colondt
COUBT CIRCUZAR. His Royal Highness the Regent of Baden arrived at Buckingham Palace at 11 o'dock yesterday morning, on a visit to the Queen. His Royal Highness, attended by the Hon. Mortimer Sackville West (Groom in Waiting to the Queen), Colonel Baron Scatter de Lotzen, Baron de Gemmin en, and Dr. UlbInan, travelled from Dover in the forenoon ythe South- Eastern Railway, and at the London-bridge terminus was I met by Captain Da Plat, Equerry to Prince Albert, who conducted the Prince Regent and his suite to two of Her Majesty's carriages, which conveyed the Royal party to Buckingham Palace, where the Queen accompanied by Prince Albert, received her illustrious guest In the afternoon the Prince Regent, attended by the Hon. Mortimer S. West and the gentlemen of his suite, paid visits to their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Kent, the Duchess of Glocester, the Duchess of Cambridge, and the Duke of Cambridge, at their respective residences. Her Majesty held a Court at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Count Appony had his first audience of the Queen, and presenkd hus credentials as Envoy Extraordinary and .Minister Plenipotentiary from his Imperial Iajesty the Eimperor of Austria. His Excellencywas introduced by the Earl of Clarendon, KG., the Queen's principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Major-General the Hon. Sir Edwvard Cost, LC.H., Her Majesty's Master of the Ceremonies. The Earlof Clarendon had an audience of the Queen. Her Majesty was attended by Earl Somers, Lord in Waiting, and Sir Frederick Stovin, Groom in Waiting. Htis Royal Highness Prince Albert presided yesterday morning at a meeting of the Royal Commission of the Patriotic Fund, held at the Palace of Westminster. His Royal Hlighness arrived at half-past 11 'clcck, attended byCaptain The Royal Commissioners present were Earl Grey, Lord Colchester, Lord St. Leonard's, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, the Right Hon. H. Lowr Corry, the Right Hon.Sir J. Pal;ington, the Hon. Colonel Lindsay, the Lord Mayor, Sir R. Throckmorton, Sir J. Burgoyne, Sir H. Ross, Mr. T. Baring, M.P., Mr. Wilson Patten, and Mr. J. Ball, MY. CaptainFishbourne, R.N., and Lieutenant-ColonelLefroy, Royal Artillery, the hon. secretaries, attended. The meeting broke up at half-past 1 o'clock. His Royal Highness Prince Frederick William of Prussia, attended by Lieutenant-General Baron de Schreckenstein, Baron Moltke, and Captain Heinz, visited the members of the Royal family at their residences yesterday afternoon. The Queen, accompanied by the Princess Royal and the Princess Alice, and attended by the Hon. Lucy Kerr, took a drive in an open carriage-and-four in the afternoon. Prince Albert rode on horseback with the Regent of Baden and Prince Frederick William of Prucsia. The Equerries in Waiting were in attendance. Her Majesty honoured his Excellency M. Musurns, the Turkish Ambassador, wlith a visit in the evening at the residence of the Embassy, in Bryanstone-square. Her Majesty left Buckingham Palace with Prince Albert at 10 minutes before 10 o'clock, accompanied by their Royal Highnesses the Regent of Baden and Prince Frederick Wiliam of Prussia. In the suite of the Qaeen and the Prince Consort were the Duchess of Sutherland, Mistress of the Robes; the Duichess of Athole, Lady in Waiting; the Hon. Lucy Kerr, and the Hon. Mary Bulteel, Maids of Honour in Waitmg; Earl Somers, Lord in Waiting; Viscount Torrington, Lord in Waiting to his Royal Highness s Sir Frederick Stovin, Groom in Waiting; Colonel Francis Seymour, Groom in Waiting to his Royal Hi hness; Major-General Bouverie, Equerryin Waiting; and Captain Du Flat, Equerry in Waiting to his Royal Highness. In attendance on the Regent of Baden were Colonel Baron Seutter de IAitzen (Aide-de-Camp); the Hon. Mortimer Sackville West, Groom-in-Waiting to the Queen; Baron de Gemmingen (Aide-de-Camp); and Dr. Ullman. In attendauce on Prince Frederick William of Prussia were Lieutenant-General Baron de Schreckenstein, Colonel Baron de Moltke (Aide-de-Camp), Captain Heinz, Dr. Wegner, and Lieutenant Baron de Schreckenstein. Her Majesty went in state, escorted by a detachment of the Royal Horse Guards. The Hon. Lucy Kerr and the Hon. Mary Bulteel have succeeded the Ron. lisses Seymour and Cathcart as the Maids of Honour in Waiting to Her Majestv. Her Royal Highness the Ducbess of l.ent visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester yesterday at Glocester-house. The following notice has been issued from the Lord Chamberlains office :- berlain's office .Lord Chamber-ain's-office, May 27. "Notice is hereby given that the State apartments of Windsor Castle will be closed after Friday next, the 30th inst.. till further orders." A deputation of the Burial Board of the City of London bad an interniew with Viscount Palmerston and Sir George Grey yesterday. The deputation consisted of the chairman, Mr. Deputy Peacock, hlr. Deputy Harrison, MEr. Deputy Bower, Mr. Deputy Whiteside, Mr Waterlow. MIr. Abraham, Mr. Bone, Mr. Hickson, Milr. Ross, Mr.Deputy Aitchison; the clerk, Mr. Daw; the solicitor, Mr. T. yrrel,; and the engineer, Mr. Eieyv.ood. Mr. John Wood. Chairmau of the Board of Inland Revenue. and Mr. Pressly, Deputy Chairman, had an interview with the ChanceUor of the Exchequer yesterday, at his official residence in Downing-street. A deputation from the Carlton Incorporation, introduced by Mr. Milligan, M.P., and consisting of M}r. Ackroyd, visitor, Mr. Morris, Mr. Walker, Mr. I5ewsbury, and Mr. Wright, had an interview with the Right Hon. E. P. Bouverie yesterday, at the office of the Poor LIaw Board, on the subject of the Poor Law-Amendment Bill, as it affects Gilbert's Incorporations.
LoanDJouwRussnDL.-.Ve understand Lord Johnj Russel intends to leave this country about the middle of July, accompanied by Lady John Russell and family, for, in the first instance, Switzerland, and ultimately Italy. The object of his Lordship's visit to the continent is the benefit of the health of l,ady John Russell, whoso condition of late has occasioned her relationss some an-iety. That the noble lord contemplates a protracted absence from this country may be inferred from t.he circumstance that be intends to break up his domestic establishmnent/an,td let for a term his town manzsion in Chesham-lae3, as well as his seat in thevicinity of St.roud. The rusisOnr that the noble lord wvats; going on a diplomatic 'nislop to Italy is without LGAIa EXAMINATiON.-At the public examination of the students of the Inns of Courts held at Lincolnsinn-hall on the 19th, 20tlh, and 21st days of 3May, the Council of Legal Education awarded to Williaim Lubert Dobson, Eq., student of the Middle Temple, and Wells Butler, Esq., student of Lincoln's-inn, certificates of flonour of the First Class; Willam lIarkby, Esq., stnden,t of the Inner Termple; Charles Beard Izard, Esq studen,t of Lincoln's-inn n Athelstane WiUcock, Esq., student of Lincoln's-inu Charles A. W. Crumnp, E^q., student of the Inner Temple Irrederic Seebohm, Esq., student of the Middle Temple; and Edward Bullock-, Bsq., ttident of the Inner Temple, certIificates that thqy have satifa-oturily passed a p-blic exa- ninatiosi,
BIP,EN'OS AYREAN DEBT.-lne Committee of JLJ Sanish AmeTicau Bo,:dholders reqnEet a ETH&N off the ohlders of L11=03 A.,pj n Boinds on f xAsy niext, the 2d of.Ttme, at t!i.rdoon Tavern at2o'clockprecisely. 11, Austinfriars, isI 27.1856. ALFRED GODIREY. Secretary. 'E_ELTINGTON COLLEGE:. oundediin honour IF T of the hIemory of the Great Duke, for the Education of Oxpban Sons orfOiiers of the Arsy. Oier Most Gracious Mlsjety the QUEEN has epreed Her Royal leasuro to LAY the FliRbT STONE of the WELLINGTON CtL, M E-on Monday, the 2d -lune next, at half-past I o'clocIrpm.r After the ceremony Her Majesty will resiewor, the ground the troops from Aldershott, with two hAtteree of Field Artillery, and the Grenadier Guards (the late Dake's regiument). the whole under the command of IL I. R. the Duke of Cambridge. A limited number of reerved seats will he erected for pemonato-iew the ceremony by tickets of admission. at one guinea -each'and ticket bolder danno other, willalo beadtted to the Quten sterraceto see the review. Ticket. nmay be obtained of the Secretary to the College, George Chance. E5s., Treasury. Whitehall: and at the Ioyallibrarjes, 3r Mitebell's, ld Bond-street, and-Mr. Sams', St. James'street. Sr,ecial trains on the mruingof the 2d of Jnewill run from the Vaterloo-bridge station of the Souteh-Wegterx-Raisay.;ndfrom the london-bridge and Brickla)ers' Arms-Stations of theSouth-EFatern Bairway to a temporary tatiou, aboat two miles from Sandhurat, and a quarter of a mite from tbe site of the building. Conveyanceso at.a moderate charge, from the temporary station to the site (about a quarter of a mile) vnll await the amal of.the trains ER MA JESTY' THEATRE.-Madam AIlboni. --Grand Extra Night on Friday next, May 30, When will be repeated LA SONNAMBUL& Amioa. MadameAlboni Lisa, Mdlle. Riud; Elvmno, Signor Salviaui; and Count Rodolpho, Signor Beneventano. To conclude with a favourite BaUet; Madame A, Bellon, .MdUes. Katrine. Rosa, Lizereux. Clara,'Pierron, EL Veunfro. and . Vandris Apecationsfor boxes, stol,l and tickets to be nade at the ox-offlce of te theat Colonnade. Haymarket. IYCEUI THEATRE.-First Appearance of br. fadame Ristori-On WVednesday, June 4.1SS6, wil be performed Ifor the first time in England) a new tragedy. entitled MEDEA ltransLated into Italian by J. Montanelli. from the French of B. Legouv6). Mledea, Madame Ristolri; Creusa, Mdlle. Picehiottino Nutrice di Creusa, Madame Feliziani: Una Giovinetta, Mdie; Rapazzini: licaone Tbidile. A. Gleck), Mhelanto (EldUe. R Gleck)figh di Giasone e di Medea; Creonte. Signor Tessero; Orfeo, Signor Boccomini; Giasone. Signor Gleck: Capo-popolo, Signor Pomatelli, Doors open at S. The tragedy will commnence at helf-past S, and termiinate about ll. Boxes and stalls may be secured on application to lUr. Parsons at the box-office of the heatre; and of 3Mr. Mitchell, Mrr HIookhs. MEessrs. Anlrews, Messrs. Ebers, Mr. Hamond, MIr. T. Chappell and Mr. Ollivier, Bond-street; Er. Szms, SS. Jamesfs-st.-eet- M3esrs. CDramer, Beale, and Co., and Messrs. JulIEen and Co, Rtegent-street: Mfr. Dyte, Strand;. and of hfessrs. Provvse and Co.. Cheapside. Boxes, 3 3s., 4 4s., :3 rs, and 6 6s; pit stalls 11is.; am3phitheatre stall;, Yr.; pit, is.; amphitheatre, Es. 61. TY(CEUTM THIEATRE ROYA.-Mr. CHAS. DIiLON respectfully informs the nobilty, gentry, and pubic geosraly that he has become the lemsee of the above elegant establsh. ment, hichwill open underhis maunagement eariyin Septembernext. jDR1RY-LANE.-57th Night of the English Opera. -Third Night of The Young Actress, in whieh Mir. and Mrs. W. J. Florence il apPear in new characters.-TErS EVENING. May 28. will be perfrmed TlIE YANKEE HOUSEKEEPEl, in ,hich Mrrs. Florence will sing "Bobbing around" and "Polly, won't yost try me, ob i" Theze wooderful American productions are Tociroissy encored nightly by audiences crammed to the ceiling. After which, by particular desire, Verdi's popular opera IL TROVATORE; or, The Gipsy's VengeFance. Supported by Lucy Escott, Mliss FImny Huddart ; Nfessrs. Augustus Braham. Dmrand, Bernard, ac. To conclude wvith a new piece entitled THE YOUNG ACTRESS, in which rs. W. J. Florence will sing an entirely new song entitled "Itiddle.com-dinkey doo" TL EVNN,tcm ecaEvtIDL FOR SrGl:E GEI STLEMIL.xtrwib 3 ngto hnvcmdo TECE EVIL GENIUS. With theNoenonedSpaniasdancers,ereaNeaa, Mlanuel Perez, and a complete Company of Snanish Coryphdes, in the ballet pantomime of EL GA MBITSIO. To which be added the successful new farce of TIE RIGHTS AND WRONGS OF WOMANI , in which Mr. Buckatone and Miss Talbot will appear, Concluding with the Spanish baUet of THE DOLfTOR LINLOVFE To-morrow (Thursday), in consequence of the Rejoicings for Peace, a Day Performance. Doors open at half-past 2, to commence at 3 cisely, with The Evil Genius; after which, the Spanish Dancers. Th performances to conclude at 2u mninutes to 6. Friday and Saturday, She Stoops to Conquer: the Spanish Dancers; the new farce of The Rights andWrongs of Woman; and Fish Out of Water. HEATlE rOY AL, HAY MARKET.- Mr. U GEORGEt TURPIN, Box Bookkeeper, begs to announce that his ANNUAL BENEFIT wviltake place on Wednesday. June 4, when will be revived Mr. Bucks one's comedy of SINGLE LIFE; with the Spanish Dancers: and a new farce, entitled THE RIGHTS AND WVROXGS OF% WO AN. lWith other Enterainments. OYAL PAINCESS's THEATRE.-THIS L EVENING and during the week (To-morrow excepted) wil be presented Shakspeare's play of THE WINTEI'S TALE Leontes. by wfr. C Kean - ffermione. by his C. Kean. Preceded by THE VICTOR VA&QUISliED. To-morrow (Thursday) there will be a Morning Perforsmance of The Winter's Tale. To commence at 2 o'clock. Doors tobe opened at half-past 1. THIEATXE: ROYAL, ADELP.L-Novelty and Unique At.tradtion.-Tbis Evenitti (Wednesday), and on Saturday, laul thy; A Bottle of Smoke (a great success) ; Revival of Good Eight, Signor Pant.slot.-THIrS EVENING, PAUL PRY: by Mr. Wright; liza, Miss EL. Eeeley, with the original song of Cherry Ripe:' Plese. ELissate Kelly. With A BOTTLE OF SHOKE: by Mr. Wright and Miss Wyndham. And GOOI NIGHT, SIGNOR. PANTALON. To-morrow (Thursda), a Morning Performance of The Green Bashes; and A Bottle of Smoke: commencing at 3 oclock. N.B.-Noperformanac in the evening. .Like and Unlike wil be repeated on t.he return oF tr. B. Webter from the continent. I OYAL ADELPI THEATRE.-Madame O.& CELESTE's ANNUAL BENEFIT, Wednesday. June 4, when w.ll be revived (withnewsceneryand superntualeffecis) the celebrhted Adephi dr.ma oF THE FLYING DUTCHMAN. Vanderdeckea.on tOte occasion, by Madame Celeste. supported by the whole strength oF the company. With other nove attractions. ADLER's-YELLS.-Enlish Opera.-last Night, K and Last Appearance of Mr. Suns Reeves, on Saturday. the 31t -By univer.aldesire. LA. SONN.A.MBUIL Elvino. lr SimsReeves: Count Rodolpho. Mr. Weis: A-ilna, Mrs. Sims Reeves. After which THE WAv:ERbIAI. Tono Tug Mr. Sims Beeves (who introduce his celeorated song ' The Bay of BLsray"). Boxes, 36. and 4..; pit, 2s.; gallery, Is.1 lalf-price tO boxes only at 9 o'cock Private boxes and places to be had at the Theatre daily, from 11 til 3. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.-Th THEATRH w llbeCLOSED THIS EVENING andTomorrow,andRe-o n Fridaywiththefavourite play of The.Stranger. The Stranger, Mr. (reswick: Mrsl Haler, Miss At1inson (from Sadler's-wells Theatre). On Saturday, the tragedy of Hamlet. Hlarilet.M Mr. Creswick. Lo conclud eaech evening with Black-eyed Sasan. William, Mr. Shepherd xTATIONAL STANDARD THEATRE. -Titt Greatest Hi ever made in the East.-Enthusliastic Reception of Professor Anderson, the Great Winird of the North.-IIAGIC and MYSTERY EVERY EVENING, on the same scale of splendour a% it was produced at the Theataes Royal, Covent-garden and Lyceum, Doors open each evening at 7, commence at half-past. For prices see small bilts. In consequenee of the great rush it is important to secure seats beforehand. Box-office open daily from ll to 4. The Thestre will be closed To-morrow eveuing, but there wil be a Grand Day Performance To-morrow (Thursday). at 3 o'clock. I YA SOHtO THEATRE.-MXrS. NevwbersF (late LR M Eiss L-ucy Bennett), of the Theatres Beyal wil appear teI s 1`VENING as the Widow Green; also as Lady Ei Wflmot. in 'WINNING TEB WIDOW. in which she will introduce a BecoUectVon of the celebrated bMiss Kelly. HER MAJESTS THEATRE. bldUe. Piccolomini-Grand Extra Nght. THIS EVENING (Wednesday. May 25) will be repeated Verdi's highiysucceadfulopema, LA TRAVIATA Violetta, Md1le.PiccolomindiAitrede, Signor Catzolari; Barone Dauphol, Signor Vairo, DOtteOr GrenvU, Signor BaiUoa; and Germ ont i iorgi , Signor Beneventano To conclde wiith the newd balet divertissementd LA NihtAOLA Madame AbertBeon, bwldles. Cinra, Li2ereux, Katrine, Pierron, and Rosa; EL Venafra, and bL VanRisI. To-morrow (Thuoday, Maa29), no performance. Appsications for boxes, stallsD and ticA-eta to be made at the box-office o tthlleatre, C olonnade, Haymtarket. ROYAlL ITALIAN OPERA, LYCEJL Grand k.xtra Night This Evening. THIS lEVENIG (Wednesday, May 28) a Grand Extra Night winl take p lace, on which occasion wvill be performed Donizetti's cetels brated opera, LUCIIEZIA IIORGIA, Lucs-ezla Borgia, Madame Grist; Mafdlo Orsini, 31db. Didi.e * Doss ALfonso, Signor Boncorni GazeUan, btZelger - Rustighedll, Si nor Soldi;- Gubetta, Signor Tag",iafico; Astolfo, Signor Polonini; MiteUozzo, Signor Gregorio; and Gennaro, Signor lario. Conductor-Mr. Costa. To conclude with the ballet divertissement entitled EVA. Principal characters by Idlles. Esper, Comba, Genat, and Emma, Mr. Payne, l. Desplaces and dldUe. Crito (iher second appearance this season). There wiM be no performancelo-morrow (Thursday). The opera of Rigoletto will be performed on Saturday next. DRURY-LANE.-ENGIISH OPERA, THS EVENIDG, THE YANKEE HOUSEKEEPER. Aiter wvhich, IL TROVATORE; or, The Gipsy's Vengeance. Lucy Esrott, Miss Fainy Huddart; Messrs, Augustus Braham, Duranil, Bernard, Zc. To conclude with THE YOUNG ACTRESS. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Under the Management of Mr. Cbarles Kean. THIS EVENUNGwill be presented THE VICTOR VANQUISHED After which, Shakapeare's play of THE WINTER'S TALE. Leontez, by Mr. 0. Kean; Hermione, by Mrs 0. Men THEATIIE ROYAL, ADELPHL Plroprietor, Mrx. B. Webster: Directress, Madame Celeste. THIS EtVENING. PAUL PRY: A gessr.Wright, Selby, PareUe, J. Bland; M1isses ML lKeeley, L. blmurray, and Nate elUy With A BOTTLE OF SMOKE: by Mr. W rht and Miss WyVndisama And GOOD NIGHT, SIG. PANTALON. ROYAL OLIYMTIC TEATRE. Lessee, MIr. AlfredWigan. THIS EVENING, THE TRAGEDY QUjEEN: Em. Stirling. Mr. Emery. RETRIBUTION: 'lessrs. A. Wigan, Emery G. Vining' MisslIerbert. and Miss Marston. STAY ATHOME : hiessrs. Emery, G. Vining; Mrs. Stirling. and Miss Ternam Commence at i iast 7. ASTLEYS ROYAL AMIPRITBEATR Lessee and Mauager. Mr. W Cooke. THIS EVENNG, the romautic spectacle, THE HORSE OFPTHE CAVERN or, The Mounted Brigands of the AbrazzL, Astounding instinct of the hore, traiued by Mr. W. Cooke. The Scenes in the Circle and Triomplhe i -',estre. TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are reqxested to observe that the price of Tlhe Times is reduced to 4d., and that 51A. is the price of a copy -with the imprcssed stamp affixied. 7Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. Ii0) Tihe Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an it ir)essed stamp. No notico can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever is intended fox insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but ac a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undert-ke to return rejected cominiuncations. Ef The pblication of T Tracs commenced at 5 o'clock ysterday morning. andfinished at 20 minutesw ast d.
. LONDON, WEDNESDAY, MfAY 28,1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, Lord LYsnmsRsT, according to notice, put a 4Luestion to the Earl of CLA4RPND>ON on the afiairs of the Danubian Principalities. It had been agreed by the Congress of Paris that the Hospodars, -who -were snown to be subservient to Austria, sho-ild be removed froim the Principalities, and that the Austrian, army shouild be withdrawn before the commissioners of the several Powers conimenced their task of settling a form of government for those provinces. He wishled to knowr if there wa9 anwy foindation for the report that the Turiish Goveminent had extended the Hospodars' term of office, and that Austria had agtted to the arrangement. The Earl of CLARESDION had no knowledge of thle circumastaiices toi vhich Lorld LYpmunsr referred. He had received a letter from Lord STRATFORD DFE REDeLiFFE, rated the 13th lflt., a day later than the reportedl deei-i n c i the Turkish Council, and lie made no referunc. -to it ; he understood fron the highest autlo i0:itv oi i the subject in Iis colutry that no such e- *cmetnt had beeiL nrade. The Firc -es Bill was roA a second tiiue. I tE'S4l' tofF lslove(75atZet ofdespatchesto theGovenorandaieutenant-Governors of thelritish North American colonies on the military establishment to be maintained in them, and a copy of the report of the commssioners appo4mted in 1854 to inquire into thc best means of organmzing the rnilitia. Of Canada, and providing an efficient and economical means of defence forthe colony. He did not wish to embarrass the Government by the motion - but he thought the rumour that 10,000 troop, were to be sent to Canada was likely to create an une,sy feeEng in the United States, and induce Congress to adopt measures of precaution and defence that would still further complicate the present relations of England and America. He deplored the opinion, now gaining too much ground among uls, that there was a strong hostile feeling against England on the part of the A.mericans generally. That enmity to England was felt and expressed more by foreigners, the refugees and immigrants from Great Britain, and disgraced rather the land of their birth than that of their adoption. All the better class of Americans were animated by kindly feelings to this country; and there never wvas a time when the interests of the two nations were more closely bound up together. lie therefore deeply deplored the continuance of the enlistment controversy between the two Governments. As to the questions connected -with Central America, it was the interest of this country to maintain the independence of those States; but the Government had put the most restrictive interpretation on the CrsYTox-BUL-VVM Treaty; it insisted that the parties to it might continue to exercise a right of protection in Central America; and he feared the arguments for so doing might be turned against themselves. Reverting to the proposed in- crease of the military force in Canada, h- contended that the reduction of the number of troops there, Wasnot caused by the Russian war; it was the result of a policy deiberately adopted to relieve the Home Government of expense, and, to a certain degree, to excite a military spirit in the colonists themselves. This policy had been most successfuL He woulld not oppose an increase in the military force in Canada, provided there was a distinct understanding that it was for imperial purposes only, and not a colonial measure, or not intended to supersede the colonial militia. The Earl of CxAXENDO; assured thle House that the Government was anxious to maintain the most friendly relations with the United States. As soon as it was found the enlistment was likely to give offence it wvas stopped, and there was nothing one Government could do to another, or one gentleman to another in the way of apology that he was not ready to offer. As to the Central American question, he thought the meaning of the CLAXToTBuLwva Treaty was quite clear; it was prospective in all its provisions, but it didnot imply that England was to give up anything she possessed at the time of the treaty. It was impossible that an experienced and able man like Sir H. 1cBULWE would take on himself, without instructions, to abandon any portion of British territory or British rights. The first he had ever heard of a new interpretationhaving been put on the terms of the treaty was from Mr. 3uc=-.Iw - a complaint was made that the English Government had not fulfilled its stipulations. The Government had no wish whatever to extend its possessions in central America; and it at once offered to refer the question for inpartial arbitration to a third Power; but it could not do what was not contemplated by the treaty merely because it was told a new interpretation had been put upon it. To this offer of arbitration no reply had yet been received from the American Government. He was glad to hear from the Earl of ELGiN- that generally the American people entertained a friendly feeling towvards this country, because lauguage had been employed by official men in the United States which, if used in that House, would have been denounced by the public as the language of men who desired to excite the hwo nations to a quarrel. Lord PA-uNxm replied to the military questions involved in the Earl of ELor 's motion; he explained that the troops were to be sent to Canada, with no intention of reversing the policy the Earl of EXGIN had alluded to, but solely for Imperial reasons. Only five regiments, averaging S00 men each, were to be sent out, which were not enough either to damp the energy of the colonists or excite alarm in the United States. Earl G(iEy thought, unless the common sense of the people on both sides decidedly checked the tendency of the Governments-to make displays of force, much of the expense and ill-feeling of wvar -would be created, even if war itself were averted. He was oad the present explanations had been given by the txvernmnent. The motion was then agreed to, and the House adjourned. In the House of Commons, The Annuities (No. 2) Bill was read a third time and passed. On the motion, made by Lord PALm;RsTo_, that the House at itsrising do adjourn until Friday, Sir M. STEWART called attention to the petition of Mr. ALrTai- IPOLLOE, the proprietor of large estatesin Ireland, who had foundhimself, he said, in a positionwith, regard to the managemelnt of those estates which compelled him to come to Parliament for redress. Most serious charges had been preferred against him; he had been held up to execration in the public prints. and he (Sir alicnizL) was convinced that the charges were most unyust and cruel. He then made a statement of the facts of the case, and in refutation of the charges, declaring that he did not utter a word he was nc*i in a condition to prove, adding that Mir. PoLLoK was a kdndhearted and generous, as well as a wealthy, man, and a first-rate agriculturist. Mr. W &lAHON justified his proceeding in bringing forward the charges, and made a counter-statement of facts, insisting that, upon Air. PoL.oies own adlissions, the matter deserved inquiry. MI.r. IdDDELL defended M%r. PoLLoE, as did Sir J. PA=GTO?W, who expressed his regret that Mir. MFAoso had not met the case in a spirit of greater frankness, and acknowledged that he had been led to make erroneous statements. His conviction was, he said, that MIr. Pomon deserved to be classed with the greatest benefactors of Ireland. Lord PAsLansrox, in reply to a remark by Sir J. PAIG.TO,N, said he had expressed no opinion whk.tever as to the conduct of Mr. PoLLox; he ead avowed his concurrence with opinions uttered in the House as to the systemn which Mr. PoLLoK was accused of pursuing. The subject having been kept under discssion by M1r. DurcNAN, Mr. MOORE, MIr. AiimnAiD HAs-, Mr. NATER=, Mr. BEEw, Sir A. CAnIPBX=, MIr. DRxO.ND, and other members, -was at length suffered to drop; and the motion for adjournment was agreed to. Mr. STAFORD made an appeal to MIr. MIIr.; with reference to his motion respecting the temporalities of the Irish Church, not to bring forward a subject calculated to awaken bittcerfeelings in Ireland on the eve of a national rejoieing. Ho moved that the House do adjourn. Mr. MiILL complained of a want of courtesy on the part of M-r. STAFFORD, in not giving him notice of this intimation, and dealined to postpone his motion. After some conversation, M-r. STAFFORD withdrewr his motion for adjournment. On the motion of Mr. G. A. HIMILTON, the 5tl- article of the Union of Great Brit-ain and Ireland, embodied in the Act of Union, having been read by .the Clerk, Mr. MIALL moved a resolution pledging the House to consider in committee the temporalities of the Irish Church, and other pecunnary provisions made by law for religious teacling and worship in Ireland. He maintained that the House might very properly at this time be ask-ed to lay a foundation for a more stable order of things than now existed in Ireland, which, when it did inot lead to actual outrage, offered, he said, social temptations to dis. cord and disturbance. He described what he considered to be the harsh and opp)ressive forms -which Trish ecclesiastical policy had assiumed from the reign of WILLU IIL. Eudoument,-one of these forms,-hemaintained,"a,s ntterly inapplicabletothe present condition and religious feelings ofthe country; it was a policy which must be retraced, and, as indiscriminate endowment was impracticable, an impartial system of disendowment should be adopted, combined with the religious equality of all sects in Ireland,-a remedy, he thought, not more violent than the disease. He proceeded t: discuss one or two of the tiaver objections suggested to the policy whieh he recommended. The 5th article of the Act of Union, so far from being an obstacle, was, he insisted, in his favour. He did rot seelk to extiniguislh rights, as had been actually
Italy has indeed a title to the name of an unfo-tLuate conntry. The fatal gift of beauty, and the still more fatal gift of genius in her people, disunite- from political wvisdom and moral firm-- ness, LInve laid her at the feet of foreign despots, who li;vc always been able to plead as an apology for tyrn:}ny the excesses wlhich their subjects have committed, and which no sympathizers are able to l deny. lhe wrongs of this unhappy people have been tlie theme of declamation in Europe during the lifetirte of this generation. The Congress oft viL'nna, whicih gave to continental E urope its prese::t divisions of territory and political institutions, has been assailed not only by Republicans but by aLl im n earnest for morality and civilization, chiefly because it parcelled out a classic land and a high l--gifted race of men among the tributaries of a militrry empire. In France or England there is hardly to be found a man who does not wish well to the caiuse of Italian independence. Yet whenever a discussion arses the friend of Italy is liable to be checktil by objections which are only too well form 'ed. ]Ee may dwell on the Austrian domination at Milan, the Austrian occupation in the Legations, the vassalage of Tuscany, the degrading dependence of the PoPE, the atrocities sanctioned by the Neapolitan camarila, and aslk if such i things can be sanctioned by Divine law or should be permitted by men; "but the defender of ExIZRnon and Popr assumes thecharacter of a practical man, and asks, " What would you substitute? "True, there is now military oppression, but even "that is better than anarchy. True, there is despotic I"government, but even despotism is better than no "government at all. True, there is the rule of the "priest, but even he is more merciful than the head "of a secret society.. True, there is the power of "the bayonet, but even the bayonet is preferable "to the poniard. The Italan is an assassin, and "what can you expect of assassins ? States"men, officers, judges, ecclesiastics have perished "by the vengeance of the Italian de" mocracy. Can such a democracy be fit "to rule ?" Proofs are ready of all that he asserts, for, while the excesses of soldiery and police are veiled in mystery, every delinquency of their opponents is chronicled in official newspapers and commented on by the despatches of diplomatists. Yet that such crimes may be fairly imputed to a fanatical few among the Italian Liberals cannot be denied, and the whole body shares in the disgrace whicl misguided members have brought upon it. A letter by an eminent Italian on the subject of political assassination will be found elsewhere. 31. IAN-N- is one of those highlminded nmen to whom the revolutions of 1848 gave an opportunity for the display of talents and virtues, which unfortunately could not command success. Like many others, his name may have passed away from the memory of the mass of mankind, while it is treasured by the community who eight years since intrusted to him its destinies for good or evil. He it was who defended Venice. Against the whole force of the Austrian empire he struggled during several months. In that period he preserved order in the besieged city, and administered at a terrible crisis the affairs of its inhabitants. He showed a vigour and ability which won at that time the admiration of the world, and, were not fame dependent on success and the praise of the historian, he might now be famous. Such as he is, he still preserves the esteem of his countrymen, and he has nobly come forward to denounce the greatest of their vices. We know that even in this free country it requires no little courage to tell a conimunity of its faults; we may, then, judge of the moral firmness of a man who denounces a practice which few Italians indeed would venture openly to defend, but which numbers are ready to connive at if directed against those who oppress and insult them. " There is "one great enemy," says M. MAIsN, " which "the national party must combat without rest or pause, as without mercy ; this great enemy "of Italy is the doctrine of political assassi",nation, or, in other terms, the theory of "the poniard." Such a-. doctrine we cannot imagine to be defended by reasoning. Its practice can at best be apologized for as the outburst of vengeance in gloomy and brooding minds, as a hateful crime, the natural result of oppression become intolerable. But the writer reminds us that it has been, and probably still is, defended by a class of casuists. Mowos and EscoBARx were not wanting in theories which justified assassination for a good purpose, as they justified lying, tlheft, and rebellion. But such teachings the Italian patriot should leave to the warped intellects of the Church against which Italian liberty struggles. Every man of honour and morality in Eiurope rejects such a doctrine, and blushes for those who even in moments of desperation would adopt its conclusions. Al. 31ANc tells his countrymen that this is not an Italian but a world-wide question, and, if even in Italy highminded men are obliged to forego the alliance of a party which consents to such enormities, much more are the feelings of foreign nations alienated from the Italian cause by incidents which from time to time are made known. The true friends of the cause, says the writer, " wil " never answer to the appeal unless the national "party separate itself solemnly, absolutely, and "irrevocably from the assassins." That these atrocities are not confined to one side,-nay, that the majority are committed by the partisans of the EzrpnRon and the priests, is undoubtedly true; but that the Liberal party is blameless it would be useless to assert. The Italians have been so long oppressed that it is not wonderful they should have contracted some of the vices of slaves. Private revenge is the resource of those who have no hope of legal redress or political change. But now that a fairer day is dawning for Italy it is time that the accursed practice should cease altogether. Already an Italian State has played a great part on the world's stage, its independence and liberty are under the guardianship of powerful allies, and in its journals the warning of this Italian patriot will be given to the whole race of his countrymen. Now that Lombardy and Tuscany, Rome and Naples, have before them the spectacle of an Italian people ruling itself wisely and mingling nobly in the affairs of Europe, they will, we trust, know better than to resort to practices which can only prolong their own misfortunes. The nations who have fought and conquered in the cause of liberty must choose their allies among men actuated by a lofty purpose; and the high aims of Italian patriotism will be best shown by conduct which will give no triumph to enemies and no pretext for neutrality in lukewarm friends.
The trial of WmiLA:r PA1.uE;R has been brought to a close. The prisoner has been convicted, sentenced, and now awaits an ignominious death. The jury could not, consistently vith their oaths, have returned a different verdict. For twelve days the public has watched wvith eager anxiety every phase of this memorable trial. Never in late times has a case of murder roused such universal interest, never have such pains been taken to insure perfect fairness in the inquiry, never have the proceedings extended to such a length. It is now six months since JohN PAmtsoms CooE expired in agonies at the inn at Rugeley, and from that time to this the public interest has suffered no abatument. The terrible details of this case and of the two others in which suspicion was raised against the prisoner have been discussed in every household of the three kingdoms. Popular feeling was so excited in the neighbourhood of the deed that the prisoner's advisers asked, and the Cnow-N acquiesced in, a change in the place of trial. A new act of Parliament was passed to enable the Queen's Bench to send the matter before a metropolitan court. The postponement of the trial gave the prisoner every facility in preparing a plausible defence, even to the selection of seientific men to detail the events of their practice and to prosecute special experiments. The CROWN, of its own free -will, furnished the defence with all the evidence which it was intended to bring forward. Finally, six months after the commission of the crime the CHIEF J1usTIcE of England and two other Jvdges celebrated for their experience and acuiteness took thieir seatson the bench. A jury not taken from among the farmers of a small country district, but selected by chance from the trading class of a population nuiiibering 3,000,000 of souls, removed as fa'r as possible every su5iipicion of unfairness. Then camie a trial of extraorlinary length and labour. 'Ile opening speech of the ATTOiNEY-GENERA,L kIted more tha.n four hoirns; his reply vas nearly as Icmn. Tlie prisoner's counsel defe-ided him m a speech of eight hours. Thg ease for the prosecution lasted six days; that for the defence more than three. The summing-up of the CIEEI JUSTIcE commenced at the sitting of the Court on 3Ionday, and was not concluded until yesterday afternoon. The men of highest standing inthe medical profession gave their evidence for tne Crows or for the prisoner. Finally, the jury, after listening with unwearied patience to the arguments and testimony of nearly twelve days, retired to consider their verdict. On their return into court the foreman pronounced the terrible word which consigns WmLiA3I PArz%mr to a murderer's doom. In the justice of the verdict every one who has followed these memorable proceedings must fully concur. Neever was a crime more crael, treacherous, and cold-blooded; never was it brought home by proof more cogent and irresistible. True, the evidence was circumstantial, but in some respects circumstantial evidence is the best. W"here the proof of crime is assiuned fom the testimony of two or three who declare to its actual commission, there is room to doubt whether animosity, or a wish in the witnesses to screen themselves, may not have led to perjury for the destruction of an innocent man. But where a long series of facts, deposed to by numbers of persons iuiacquainted or unconnected with each other, all points to one concluson, then there can be little doubt as to the decision. Never did testimony more various and more uoshaken unite to bring home guilt than in the case of PALmER. COOK is well and in high spirits, and suddenly is affected by sickness for which no one can account. A few days afterwards he arrives in Rugeley with the prisoner, and there the symptoms are repeated. He is not bilious, nor suffering from any complaint which should produce vomiting, and yet he is sick after everything that the prisoner administers. A servant in the place tastes some broth prepared at the prisoner's house, and suffers in the same mannerfor hours afterwards. When the unhappyman dies antimony is found in the blood,-a fact which science pronounces conclusive of its having been administered within 48 hours before death. Yet no medicine containing antimony had been openly prescribed, nor is it pretended that the deceased was in the habit of taking any such drug. In fact, the defence totally evaded the question of the antimony altogether. The colunsel brought witness on witness to give their speculations on tetanus, epilepsy, and convulsions, but no answer was made to the evidence which proved that CooE had vomited for days without a cause, and that after his death a poison Vhich, kills by producing vomiting had been found in his body in a state which showed it had been recently swallowed. Can we, therefore, come to any conclusion but that the prisoner, a medical man, having this drulg in his possession, and knowing its effects, had used it for the purpose of producing in CooE symptoms which mright be confounded with those of ordinary disease ? For it is worthy of notice that it -was not the interest of PALMER that his friend should die until the stakes and bets he had von were due, but that he should be ill and unable to receive them personally. Hence we find antimony used until PALMER has gained possession of large sums on Coos's account, and then, within a few hours, as soon as it became his interest that CooE should die, the first dose of strychnine is administered. PRAre'S affairs, in fact, grew more desperate every day. The usurer who had him in his power was incessant in his demands for money. PIAwR 'had forged his mother's name, the bills were due, and writs were out against both mother and son. Twenty-four hours migpht discover all; for, unless 4501. were paid immediately to PRATT, proceedings would be taken against Mrs. PsmR. CooE had won money at Shrewsbury races, and had it about him; bets were due to him in London. That money disappears, no one knows how, and as for the bets, PAl-uRa receives them through an agent, and applies them to his own use, the day before COOE dies. Here, then, is a motive for haste. If COOK discovers that he has been robbed, if the creditors discover that Mrs. PALaum's name has been forged, PALBER may within a week stand in a felons' dock. He knows the use of strychnine. He knows that it kills " by tetanic fixing of the respi" ratory muscles." Perhaps he does not know that it causes horrible convulsions of the whole body, but thinks that the sufferer dies with merely internal spasms. If we believe the witness NEwTON, he buys strychnine on the MIonday night, and on that night he administers pills to COOn, which are followed by tetanus. There are doubts tlhrown on the evidence of NEwTON, because he concealed, or at least did not volunteer it, until the eve of the trial. But, even supposing this young man to be capable, for no earthly reason, of swearing away thelife of one who had never done him wrong, the case does not end here. Another witness, whose testimony is not disputed, swears positively to the purchase of si-- grains of strychnine at another shop, that of Mr. HAwKINs, on the succeeding day, but a few hours before COOK'S death. If ever anything was proved in a court of justice, it is the purchase of this deadly drug by WmrA,r PALmEsR. The defence, loosely enough, shifted its ground as regards this question. First it was that no poison had been piurchased, and that NEwTON was perjured; then it was that the stryclmine might have been wanted to kiU dogs which annoyed PA1;wms's horses in a paddock. Neither of these assertions was supported by a jot of evidence. The testimony of NEWTON was not shaken; that of RoBnmTs was not even questioned. As for the supposed purpose of the strychnine, no eNidence followed the suggestion of the prisoner's counsel. The death of the deceased occurred on the evening which succeeded the last p-urchase. He died just as strychnine is proved to lkill. The evidence of-the medical witnesses forthe CROWN is decisive as to the improbability of his dying by any known form of disease. Mr. CuRirN-G, Dr. TODD, Sir BEiNJA&s BRoDi-all speak positively as to this point. Thus three main points of the case are made out fully,-the death of the deceased by strychnine, the purchase of the poison by the prisoner within a few hours of the death, and the prisoners pressing motive for the destruction of his companion. Only on one point can there be the slightest doubt. The body is umskilfully dissected, and the stomach, with some of the other parts, is sent to Drs. TAYLOR and REEs. They find no strychnine. Of course, on this the whole defence rests. A number of medical men are brought to declare that if strychnine had been taken it muist, in their opinion, be found. But one fact is worth any nmmlser of opinions. Drs. T-YLOR and REES perform experiments with rabbits, giving them not large doses, like the defence doctors, but just enough to kill. In two cases strychnine is found; in tvo it is not. Therefore these two gentlemen are justified in declaring that, according to the tests made use of by theni in the case of COOK anrd in the case of the animals, the poison is sometimes found and sometimes not. We cannot but think that the witnesses for the defence endeavoured to prove too much. Scientific dogmatism could go no further than when two gentlemen alleged that Coor could not have taken strychnine, because he allowed I himself to be touched,-an act which always threw a rabbit into a spasm. Equally unavailing for the prisoner were the suggestions as to the cause of death; it was apoplexy, C:pilepsy, idiopathic tetanius, traumatic tetanus, epilepsy with tetanic complications, and so on. There were as many opbiniuon as inen; and, thQigh vestainly a Loner is not bound to account for the cause of death, yet a jury, obkerving the differences between these witnesses, who made such a display of science, mnight naturally be led to think that their opinions were not sufficiently authoritative to destroy the testimony of facts and the deductions of common sense. If we add to this that in one case a medical witness confessed to having expressed a belief in PAnMEI's guilt, and an opinion of the incompetency of Dr. TAYLOR to detect it, we can have little wonder that the jury should have made so little of the large array of testimony for the defence. Al these points were fully noticed by the CETIF JUSTICE in his long and conscientious summing up, as well as those minor incidents which strengthen into certainty the belief of the prisoner's guilt. The anxiety about the jar, the presents to the Coroner, the attempted bribing of the postmaster and the postboy, the curiosity about Dr. TAyLoies analysis, leading the prisoner to procure the tampering with his letter, and inconsistent with the knowledge that no strychnine had been administered, all forced home the conclusion of the prisoneres guilt. He now lies awaiting a murderer's doom. As to those other imputed crimes at which the world has shuddered, they may possibly be for ever buried irn mystery; but, in any case, the offence now so clearly proved will be sufficiently conspicuous in the annals of wvickedness, and give an immortality of iafamr to the name of WILL&n PALmmn. His life and crimes form, indeed, a terrible lesson. it seldom happens that the downward career of an individual is so plainly brought before the world as a wvarning to those -who are on the tlhreshold of wrong. From gambling to insolvency, from insolvency to forgery, from forgery to murder of the foulest lind, hiS life is sufficiently dramatic to dwell in the recollection of the most unthinking. 13ut in this case the very enormity of the offence lessens the chance of any morbid influence. Not even the most depraved fancy can elevate WaLLIA PAXER into a hero, and he ends his career a notorious, but still a most vulgar, criminal.
It appears that the amount of money levied for Poor-rates in the year ending Lady-day, 1855, was greater than in any year since the passing of the Poor Law Amendment Act, in 1834. In that year the amount levied was 8,338,0001.; on the passing of the act it was rapidly reduced by 3,000,000l. more or less, and so continued to fluctuate until by the last accounts it rose again to within half-a-million of that enormous sum. It is not improbable, too, that when the accounts for the year just ended are made up the sum levied will be found to approach still more nearly the old amount. The fact is rather startling, as we have been in the habit of regarding a heavy tax of this hind as the index of much misery and popular discontent. There has, indeed, been not a little misery throughout the country,-the war has entailed its privations upon every class of the community, but the burdens of the war have been borne chiefly by those who enjoy incomes large enough to be taxed, and there probably has never been a time in the history of this country when bread has been so dear, and at the same time scarcity so little felt. According to the Controller of Corn Returns the average price of wheat during the year ending Lady-day, 1855, was a fraction over 70s., and we nmust go back to 1820 before we find wheat attaining the same value. 'Whenever we find it even approaching to that point in times past we find the country at, the same periods presenting a wretched spectacle of starvation and sedition. The wonder is indeed that under these circumstances the Poor-rate has not been more oppressive than it has turned out to be. The fact is, that although the proceeds of the tax have been unusually large, the amount distributed in relief hasbeen by no means excessive. In 1834, when wheat was at 52s., the tax amounted to 8,338,0001., and the sum expended out of this in relief of the poor was 6,317,0001. In 1848, when wheat was at 64s. 6d., the amount levied was 7,817,0001., while that expended in pauper relief was 6,180,0001. In this year, 1855, however, in which the rate has produced so high a result-namely, 7,864,0001., the sum required for the relief of the poor has been only 5,890,0001., and thnis while wheat has been at 70s. a-quarter. And one gratifying circumstance connected with this outlay is, that the sum expended in medical relief-a mode of assistance to which no possible objection can be urged-has been gradually increasing, and far more in proporlion than any other form of relief. The sums disbursed in this way amounted in 1855 to nearly a quarter of a million, or about double the sum appropriated to this object in 1839. We may resort to a different mode of comparison, howeever, to illustrate the pressure of pauperism on the country:-On an average of the last 22 years the sum expended on the poor has been at the rate of 6s. 2d. taken from each individual in England and Wales. For the year ending March, 1855, if every individual in England and Wales were to contribute an equal share to the relief of the poor, that share would be 6s. 3d. Or it may be stated in yet a third form. The average rate of expenditure for relief in each of the last 2.2 years, if calculated on the annual value of rateable property as ascertained in 1847, is is. 6;cd. in the pound. For 1855 it was is. 9d. In estimating the pauperism of the country, however, the number of persons relieved is a still more important element for consideration than the cost of maintenance. In 1855 the total number of persons, including children, who obtained relief was 897,686. This total wasmore than in the previous year, more even than in the year before that, but it was less than in some of the preceding years, at least as far back as 1849, in wlhich thle number was 1,088,659. In 1849, 6 per cent. of the population received relief as paupers; in the three sitbsequent years 5 per cent. were included in this category; and in the three following years the ratio has been only about 41 per cent. It thus appears that if in these latter years the sum expended has been gradually increasing, the number of persons requiring the relief has been gradually diminishing. What are the numbers in the financial year just concluded we have no means of accurately estimating ; but, if we may judge from one fact, there has probably been an increase. On the 1st of January, 1855, the paupers relieved amounted to 850,453 ; on the same day in the present year they numbered 8176,655. The war bas had something to do in producing this increase. The usual number of soldiers' and sailors' wives, for example, dependent on relief of this kild has been about 500 or 600 annually, the children varying from 1,000 to 1,500. On looking over the lists, however, published in the eighth a mval report of the Poor Law Board, we find that the number of soldiers', sailors', and marines' wives wvho obtained assistance on New Years-day, 1855, amounted to 2,217, while the children relieved on that day numbered 4,743. On the same day in the present year the wives numbered 2,794, the chlldteu i,405. In other words, they were five times as many as usual. We do not know how fir the same influence of war may be traceq in another column, but at all events the facti maay be stated. On the 1st of January, 18,34, the total uumber of adult ablebodied persons who obfaned relief was 136,277.; of thfe5e 48,100 were widow.3. On the 1st of July gf the sanie ytar the total number amounted to 125,267, ana let it be observed that in the srummer the numbers naturally diminished; buit the number of widows actually increased, amounting to 48,389. On tlhe 1st of January following the total numlber of ablebodied paupers was 142,656, and of these the widows stil further increased to 49,300. In July of the same year, 1855, the total numbers again diminished to 132,049, but still the widows miultiplied, and at that date, the latest to which the accounts are made up, numbered 51,351. In another item, too, we trace the effect of the war-in the num-- ber of vagrants obtaining outdoor relief. In previous years the number of these had varied from 1,000 to 5,000. They reached the lowest number on the 1st of July, 1855. In the midst of all our miseries they numbered only 621-a not unpleasant illustration of the absorbing and salutary influence of the war. On the whole, if the first glance at these accounts raises a shade of the old suspicion which used to haunt some of our polEt!cal economists, thlat we are gradually to be eaten out of house and home by the imposition of Poor rates, a nearer scrutiny will dissipate the thought, and make us rather thankful that, considering the price of provisions and the severity of the winter of 1854, the sum required for the relief of the destitute was not greater than it actually was. To have passed thus fortunately through difficulties so pressing is another proof added to those we have alheady noticed of our internal prosperity-one more evidence that the war which prostrated our neighbours has weighed but lightly upon England. If the demands of pauperism have been thus moderate, it will naturally be asked-Why increase the sum levied? What becomes of it all? Is the cost of management increased? On the contrary, the charges have in some instances been gradually diminishing. The amount expended in law charges, for example, which in 1834 -was a quarter of a million, has been rapidly cut down, until by the last accounts it was only a fifth part of that sum. On the other hand, the fees paid to vaccinators and to clergymen and others under the Registration Act have slightly increased. But the principal exeesses have been lumped together under one general heading-." Payments for or " towards the County-rate or Borough-rate ;" and this item, which in 1834 amounted to 691,0001., rose in the year under our present consideration to more than double that sum-namely, to 1,598,0001., having gradually and steadily increased to that level. It is difficult to penetrate into the mysteries of this aggregate, and we could have desired some more definite information as to the manner in which it is applied. We should like to Inow, with some approach to accuracy, what the administration of relief to the poor costs the cointry ; and we trust that in future reports the Poor Law Board will act upon this suggestion. The increasing levy, if its purposes are unexplained, is apt to raise a suspicion that the country is being saddled with an increasing weight of Poor-rates. At present it may be stated in behalf of the Board that a considerable portion of the " payments for " or towards the county and borough rates" goes to the county and local police forces, which are annually growing in efficiency. That is all we can ulrge, and whatever more is to be said we hope that the Board will say for itself.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. THE EAST. (BYS MAMFl AND BRITISH TRLEGRAP}L) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our MIarseilles correspondent-. " MARSEIL:ES, MAY 27, 7 55 r.1L ;'The Danube has arrived with advices from Constantinople of the 19th, and from the Crimea of the 17th inst. " Despatches leave at 10 p.m. "The ship of war Duquesne and the English steamers Empress and Napoleon mll. have arrived with troops from Kamiesch.: " Ad-vices from Sebastopol of the 17th state that the Ripon had left for Corfa with the 68th Regiment and part of the 46th. " The Sardinians had left. The Russians occupy their positions. " Lord Panmure's speech has not given satisfaction to the army. " A few cases of typhus had occurTed in theEngish camp. "A number of new andlarge Russian cannon have been discovered at Sebastopol." BERLIN, TSDAY EVENIIG. The Emperor of Russia will arrive here on Thursday evening, accompanied by the Crown Prince and the Princess of Wurtenaberg. The Queen of Saxony will arrive at Potsdam to-day.
THE IS.-SOuTHmITON-, May27.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamship Sultan, Captain Cool-, sailed this afternoon, with the mails for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar; 2,2231. in pecie, 28 passengers, 5 horses, and the usual ca7go. The Iioyalmail steamship Solent, Captain Jellicoe, wall, it is eMpected, convey the next homeward West India, Mexican, and Pacific mails. She is expected about the Ist proximo. The Ilagdalena, Captain Abbott, wiUl sail on the 2d of June, -with the outward mails for the West Indies, Mexico, and Pacffic. The United States' mail steamer Hermann, Captain Higgins, is expected to arrive off Cowes from N ew York, e2 r-oute to Bremen, about Eriday next, with the German, French, and English mails. GENERAL W wIAS AT ST. PETEiSSBuRG.-A letter from St. Petersburg of the 17th, in thelNo;-d of :Brnssels, says :-" The festivities of this week were closed by a baUlgiven by the Princess Yonssoupoff. The Emperor was prevented by slight indispositionfrom being present. General Williams was one of the lions of the night. A valiant and brave Russian soldier like the English General would no doubt have been well received in England, but it is permitted to question whether the principal ladies of the English aristocracy would, as was done at this bal, have caused the General to be presented to them, and have shown him such deep interest. General Williams has a fine head, and wears his uniform weUl; but General Ney was even more remark-ed, Russian sympathies for France being greater tShan any that England can inspire. These foreign guests appeared asteished at the magnificence of the Hotel Voussonpoff and at its immense collections of works of art and of ancient and modern furnitunre. The collections of pictures, statues, and, above all, the celebrated family plate of the old Russian ty, appeared greatly to interest the Enlihvitr. TE FIRST BnRsi} x3;ncIiN-T STEPAaa AT ST. PETERSBUI.G.-We learn that the first British merchant steamer that has ascended the Neva beyond Cronstadt (where it is usual for such vessels to dischare their cargoes into lighters) is the Spurn, 700 tons burew.en, which has arrived at St. Petersbur= dity, and is dischlirging her cargo there. The Spurn was tnilt to ply betw2en Grimsby and the Baltic by Messrs. Martin Samuelson and Co., of Hull, and has been able to ascend the Neva by reason of an exceedingly light dranght of water in proportion to her tonnage. The builders of this steamer ar developing the same srinciple of construction v ith advantge in the nine vessels boilt and buiflding by them for the Anglo-French steamship company forthenavigation between Grimsby and the Seine at PRonen and the ot.her shallowv rivers of France. BoOs roB. THE CoLozims.-The recent renlatidn, peimltting the re-' strntion of books and other packets besides letters, wilt apply noS only to packets transmitted by the post within the united kingdom, but also to those addressed to any British colony or possession. Hencefortb, therefore,. such packets, whether for places within tha united kingdom or for any British colony or possession, on which the ordinary postage is prepaid by stamps, toguth.ex -with a registration fee ef iid., may beregistered. PUBLIc PETiTioNs.-There are now 10 pe?ition for the ballot, signed by 4.1G9 psrsons; .13 for anew and nmore accmrat, version of the Bible, signed by G3; persors 8 against the abolition, of church-rates, signed by 3TO percons, and 111 in favour of their abolition, 'gned by 8,697 yeraonng 09 against the playing of hands in the paiks on Slur,y, signed by 2,675 persons; 72 for au alterationof the Ic,w of property as regards married womre signed by 23,265 persons; 510 for a repeal of the 3bTkyuotih Enldowvment | An, signed by 103,893 persons, anr 12S for a discorn. tinuance of all religious endo-,jnents in Ireland, signed by 9,0s pelsons; 20 for a repakl of the dnty on fire insuinuces, *.gned by 12, a9 perso-s i lDo against thlc ScotclhlTarocihial Schools Bill, signled by; 7' t34 peratons 5l ' or a respeal of the ScotchPublic 1 Aos ce'2At. signed by oo,051 persons; and 193 for the bbv lrseo.islation cf 'ee lix in Ski;'ntb, szigned byi l0t~1) l' sa
THE ILLD -INATIOyA* On the occasion of the illuminations to-morrow evening it is our intention to lay before our readers an accurate account of the appearance presented by the metropolis. It mnust, however, be evident that such an accoimt can only be rendered complete ty the co-operation of the public; we mean that it will be impossible for the resources of the largest establishment to describe anything more than the most remarkable features of a general illumination. In this emergency, while we intend to do our utmost to present a faithful picture of the metropolis on Thursday night, we venture to suggest that those persons whose illuminations present anything extraordinary, either in decoration or effect, should forward a short descrip. tion of their devices, together with their names and addresses, to The Times office before 6 o'clock tomorrow afternoon. Should this appeal be responded to, Thze Tibes of Friday next may serve as a guiide to intending iMuminators on the occasion of future rejoicings.
THE CBLEBRATION OF THE -PEB CE. The preparations for the magnificent pyrotechnic displ'y of to-morrow evening, to which the inhabitants of the netropolis and of the neighbouring towns and districts for mrles round are looking forward with so much interest, re now rapidly approaching completion, and itpromises beyond all question wholly to eclipse the only erhibition of the kind with which it can be compared, and which in London commemorated a kindred event upwards of 40 years ago. The parts of the Green and Hyde Parks from whi_;h the fireworks wilU be exhibited are nowv completely enclosed, so that it may be reasonably expected the spectators will be in no danger from standing in too close proximity to them; and in the Green Park a further precautiorL has been taken to prevent accident, by opening six additional entrances at salient points in the enclosure, of at least'IO0 feet in width, to facilitate the ingress and regress of the crowd. This is a most commendable arrangement, because it is almost impossible to anticipate the full amount of the pressure on that particular print; and, in the event of any panic or overwhelming cronwd within the enclosure, the chances of disaster will be greatly lessened bymultiplying the means of exit. Two of these additional entrances are on the Piccadilly side; one immediately in front of Devonshire-house, and the other about midwvay between that point and Hyde Park-corner. Two others are made in the immediate vicinity of the Welling. ton statue; one in front of Apsley-house and another at the top of Constitution-hill. A fifth occurs at tho end of the Mall, opposite Buckingham Palace, and the remaining one at the corner of Stafford-house. The palisading, too, which runs along PiccadiUly on the northern side of the enclosure has been " shored" up on the Park side, throughout its whole length, to enable it to resist the crowd that will doubtless be collected in that part of Piccadily. In Hyde Park additional entrances do not seem to be necessary-first, on account of the vastly greater extent of the enclourse, which precludes the apprehension of any serious pressure, and also because the existing outlets, especiallyinto Park-lane and onthe Knightsbridge side, are already sufficientlynumerons. Great as are the local advantages for witnessing the spectacle which the houses immediately facing the Green Park and Hyde Park possess, the owvners of them in many instances are rendering the m still more available by the erection of tempDrary balconies anl booths on the roofs and other commanding points of view for the accommodation of their families and visitors. Benches and awnings are being constructed on the roof and among the chimney-pots of Stafford-house and on several other of the residences of the aristocracy overlooking the Green Park. The part of the GreenPark from which the fireworlzs wil proceed is situated on the rising ground abutting upon Piccadilly and inmmediately fronting Buckiogham Palace, so that the view of the exhibition which Her MIa;esty and the Prince Consort, with their distingmshed visitors, will command will be unexceptionable, and scarcely less so wiU it be in the direction of Hyde Park. lt cannot be too generaUy known, as it will tend to lessen the attraction of the inhabitants to any one particular point, and so diminish the chances of accident, that the display of fireworks in the Green Park, Hyde and Victoria Parks Wll be precisely similar in aU respects, and that it will take place in these different localities, and also on Primrose-hill, within precisely the same hours-namely, between half-past 9 and 11 o'clock inthe evening. The exhibition on Pnimrose-hill will differ from the rest in that it wil consist almost wholly of what are caUed aerial fireworks, which will be more numeroub and of a larger description-than those in the parks, including the parachute shell, which will alone be displayed on Primrose-hil. The following, which is said to be a progranume of the fireworks and the order of firing, indicates the almost endless variety and splendour of the exhibition:- Signal rocket, a royal salute of 21. guns, discharge of roclkets, a display of Bengal fire, shells of bright stars, Chinese caprice wheel, or eccentric display of wheels, forming a variety of cascades, fountains, yew trees, &c., inthe centre of which will be a carious worm-wheel, surrounded by a display of brilliant fire; skyrockets, with snakes; shells of golden rain, skyrockets with silver stars, set piece, entitledthe chromatrope, or ever-changing piece, surrounded with an immense burst of brilliant fire; reported display of crimson flame; sheUs of Italian streamers; beautiful diamond piece, commencing with a donble wheel, with all the admirea colours andbrilliantfires, changing toaroyal star in rayonant and straw fires.; reported; again to a checker piece, with an immense burst of white fire; reported; skyrockets, With gerbs; display of aerial bouquets; extraordinary Rlight of 100 rockets atthe same time ; display of blue, green, yellow, purple, and crimson flames; skyrockets, with coloured stars; flight of gerbs; large mine; admired kaleidoscopc piece, commencing with three serpents in pursuit of each other, changing to three blazing suns, ornamented with blue and carmine lights, resembling fire-flies, surrounded with an extensive display of Peruvian fire; reported; the changes in the piece are so numerous that it muay justly be compared to the kaleidoscope. Magnificent discharges of aerial fireworks of every description ; shells of great siae, with all the richest coloured stars known in the art of pyrotechny; grand flight of llb. rockets; aerial discharge, introducing a fac-simile of the golden faschia in blossom; double saxon piece or passion-flower. This piece will commence with a double vertical wheel, displaying the various coloured flamnes and brilliant fires; it will then change- to a passion-flower, composed of Chinese flyers and saxons, interspersed with fixed stars, resembling gaslights, and again to, a royal star on an extensive scale in rayonet fire, reported; display of blue,.green, yellow, piurple, and crimson saames; shells of golden rain; grand flight of Ub. rockets, with. stars of glittering lustre; rockets with meteor and dbscending stars; shells with meteor and falling stars; displwy of crimson flame; a superb fancuy piece, representing five-truelovers' knots, concluding with five Chinese flyers, forminr passion-flowers, changing to a display of bO saxons, representing five trueloverse kmots, concluding -with a.sple:zdid fixed piece. Immense " jack-in-tbe-bon`" which, upon a given sigral, will discharge a Ilight' of 25 rockets into the air at. one moment; rockets with st3rs of golden rain; shells with stars of golden raih; roocket&witk comet stars; shells of comi. stars; horizonta; rocketw3 eel. Thispiece, from 1srapidchanges, has bean justlyt9zmed the most intricate tulrning piece ever invented;, it will discharge rockets. Roman candles, with crmson staes, &c, completely filling the atbiosphere, and forniingone solumn of fire direct from the piece to the height of, a sbjrocket, concluding wvith a flight of skyrocketsand. jachsin-thebox; display of aerial bouquets; s'kyreckets, with coloured stars; a beauLifal de-eice, in blue, grecn, andc riuzon light, representing&the-Temple of Peace. withnpproprisbamottoes, surrounded with a ';;emendous burst- of gerks, reported, tremendous,Iaeks-ithe-box; dischbase of Tarao.skyrockets, aerial bouquets; set piece, reprcsenitmg a. largyew tree, and chan gng to 2 waterfall or cacradc in v_D.o2& fires ; re- ported ; slyrockets, with snakes, slvells of bcjph.t stars flightu. of gerl;&; jack-in-the-bom Ilunationotte teatimonial- with colouraed fl-es. Grand py-Atechnir spectacle, reprc. senting. the last great attack upon, Se-bs9tpol, with -' blowlug up oa the magazines an ,wo*hs, and general v;orflagration, finishing with fougtAins ofi erystal fires and Roman candles, casting theiz-daz7ziwgba1-s in every Zirectien, and a grand bomnardsnat-of aaziln projectiles arinfiery miEsailes5 hand grenades. 2VI&dc ai,-ciassn, and conillding with a magnificent fligh oi 59rockets ini the air3t one instant, thereby causing, ^~. geu l ,n dc joic, }iF4ch will literally illuminate thl, atipsephere for miles mzend in every direction; discharge-of h,r'u sicyrockets w-ith. colouired stars. jacks-in-the-bex, aztiSCciz moonlight di-;*arge of sbells. dis6la of ]lorge s ckets. To conmclr withtlhs ilumination of tht Welli.gton testimonial wita the vario=5 coloured flames, togetbe with the words. " Tthe. inemesy of the brave,"' surrounded with a disch;^,4 of rocl^-h. shells. g,erbe. lloman ca-Iles, c. - f -
ZTE FIRRE'ORKS IN HY?g P-4 2. TO THE, EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I observe it state4d in the o1lice RegnsfinS tht pnvatet carriages only will be aiviwed to rei=dn in HydeI Pa'Ik during the display of firoeorks on ThunWJaY. - Ihope this order is 3105 intenoeti to exdude o:mn1b1i privately engaged for tbe evenidg. It will be very bard if 1 aiou s;1t trUt btcau the nural.er bi any family ob]ives gie to hJire anD omnibns.. vhilv my neighbour *vith a suan~l fami3y, who 3.1S hired a fly. i% Pt mnitted to enter. - I aim air. Tour r13lAi,int sCgy;!g Z J. A. E. 3ra- 27,
INDIA. [Tha foUowiug appeared in our second edition of yea- | t.rday:-- I Through the activity of our correspondents at Alexandria and Malta we have received a copy of the Bombaay Timnes of the 28th of April, in anticipation of tho mail. The following is from the Bombay Orerland I :Ti?ne:- "AlittIephysicalcommotionhas saved our columns from presenting the total blank of intelligence to which our profound poietical tranquillity, would otherwise have reduced us. On the 6th and 7th instant a succemsion of shocks of earthquake was experienced over nearly the whole of the Punjaub, and so on to Sinia ; the mischief occasioned by them does not seem to have been at all considerable. The northern portion of the Punjaub is one of our great centres of earthquake commnotions, and, thu,gh there is no appearance of an active volcano having during the human period manifested itself -within a thousand miles of the Indus, seldom a year passes that Peshawvur is not shaken. " Casual storms begin now to make their appearance in anticipation of the south-west monsoon. Heavy rain fell on the 4th al over Lower Bengal, and about the same date there were sharp thunderstorms at Dladras and Ceylon. On the 13th, 14th, and 15th there were thunderstorms and rain at Pconah, and so southward by the Ghauts and Malabar coast to Cannaiore. On the 18th a violent storm was experienced in the Arabian Sea, and serious apprehensions are entertained for the fate of the Queensteamer, whichhas since then been missing. " From. the appearance of the atmosphere at Bomtay an early faU of rain begins to be hoped for, though as yet it is too soon to prophecy as to what may occur five weeks hence, the monsoons hardly ever setting in before the first week of June. Meanwhile the season is advancing without any of that serious suffering ha-ving yet made its appearance, from scarcity of water, that was so greatly apprehended. " The only single case of disquietude withn our dominions we have heard of for some monthspastis another outburst among the Moplahs in Malabar. These tribes, it will be remembered, are of Arab extraction. They amount in number to about 70,000, and contain among them many of the most enterprising traders, agriculturists, and shipowners in that quarter. They inherited the name bestowed by the natives on the Nestorian Christians who preceded them, that of mvanla pillay-' mother and child'-the picture or image of the Virgin and infant Saviour being conspicuous in all the Nestorian churches. The outbreaks which cccur among them every twvo or three years are confined to a dozen or two fanatics, wvho, without any apparent object but the slaughter of the infidel in view, run a muck, and invariably expiate their crimes with their lives. On the present occasion a detachment of Queen's troops has been sent from Bombay to Calicut to suppress the commotion, and we shall, as a matter of course, hear by rettirn of the insurgents rushing on their fate and perishing to a man, two or three of our soldiers probably falling by their knives. "With this trifling exception, the most profound peace prevails througrh every part of India. "The latest news fromBurmah is to the 2d inst.; everything was then quiet. Someof the local authorities had paid a visit to Bassein to examine the proposed site for the new town of Dalhousie, and the result is said to have been its entire condemnation. Fires had been very prevalent, and so much rice had been destroyed that it was feared the price of this article would be raised. A soldier of Her Majesty's 84th Foot has been murdered, and two Burmese have confessed to having participated in the murder, and offered to point out others implicated in the bloody deed. " The King of Oude has got as far as Benares, on his way to England, in quest of the redress of his wroigs, urged to the measure, much against his inclnation, by a band of grievance-mongers proposing to plunder him. It seems more than doubtful, even after reaching Calcutta, that his friends wiU be able to persuade him to embark, and something like the use of physical force appears to have been requisite to get him the length he has already gone 02n his way. Oude meanwhile enjoys the most perfect tranquillity, not the slig,htest appearance of discontent on the change of masters having manifested itself. " General Sir James Outram has been suffering so much from indisposition that he is about to start on a six months' leave of absence to Europe. His family remain behind him, an evidence that the malady from wrhich he suffers is not such as to occasion alarm. "Ali Boorad, chief of hiyrpore, is now in Bombay, onl his w-ay to London, like the EIing of Oude, in quest of redress for his wrongs. These royal pilgrimages Londonward are understood to be undertaken at the instigation of parties at home, but the late Governor-General need desire nothing more than the consummation of these missions, to clear up the misapprehensions in certain quarters pro-fessed to be entertained against his policy. " Thle advance of the hot weather brings about the summer vacation, preceded by the annual prizegiving to all our seminaries. " The Governors, supreme and local, are at the seats of their respective governments. " The ship Clairvoyant, from Calcutta for Madras, struck upon a reef to the southward of the Seven Pagodas. She made so much waterthat it was deemed prudent to run her ashore to prevent her from sinking, and it is feared thatwith the first rough weatlher she ,ill go to pieces. The ship Cairngorm, from london, in comning into Bombay harbour last Monday morning, got upon the Prongs, near the lighthouse, about daybreak; it was nearly low water at the tine, and she was safely towed off by the Hon. Company's steamer Gulnare. " In the market business in imports is dull, and prices are declining. Exports are quiet, and prices of cotton steady, with a fair amount of transactions going forward to China. "Freights are firm, and looking up. "Exchanae is declining rapidly, our moneymarket being easier, with a slight improvement in all descriptions of securities." COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. BOMBAY MARKETS, FROu THE 16TH TO THE 27TH OF ApRiL. The overland mail of the 261h of March was received at Bombay on the 24th of April, per Peninsair and Oriental steamer Malta. Our money-market during the fortnigh hias become deidedly eaier, and, althouh the banks have made no further reduction in their rates of interest, we are still of opinion that a reduction in present rates must take place soon. We have to report : alight improvemen,t in all descriptions of securities. The state of the import market during the past ten days has rot been encouraging, andthe salea have been moderate, -the demand for goods being very languid. The same prices ;ar last quoted obtain on nearly all descriptions of gray goods, excepting Madapollams and jaconots, for which slightly reduced offers have been made. ExPORTs. Sheep's WooL-We haye no change to note in our quotations-the demand is good. Cotton wool is being received in large quantities, and the market for all descriptions is very steady, large purchases having been made both for the English and China markets. For Oomrawutty we have no change to note, but Manga. lore has declined a little. Opium.-During the past week there has been some slight inquiry for the drag, and purchases are beginning to be ir.ade, the quotations being, for Mundleseer, 1,110r. to 1,lAOr., and for Indore, 1,125r. to 1,135r. Freights have an advancing tendency, tonnage not being abundant. We Quote for cotton, to London, 41. to 41. 2s. 6d., and to Liverpool, 4!. 5s. For seeds, to London, 41. 5s. For China eeveral vese-els have been chartered at 14 rs.per candy, but the rate has since advanced to 16 rs. Excharige.-Or,ly a small business has been done for thisI steamer ia first-class paper at 2s. lid, and in local credits and documents at 2s. 2d. to 2s. 2d. On Calcutta, Compy's 60 dat si3t, 2Ladras, 30 daysf sight, 993; China, MALTA. From M1alta we learn that, though tranquil, the men of the Anglo-Italian Legion are very discontented at onlythree out of each companydaily being allowed to leave the barracks in the lazaretto and Fort Mlanoel. The Mfiranda steam corvette is at anchor off their encampment. A reward of 1001. is offered by Governneut for the murderer of Caruana, the police inspector. French and English troops continue dropping in from the Crimea. Admiral Sir HoustOn Stewart has nailed for the East in the Hannibal. CRYsTAL PALAcE.h-ONz SHILLG DAY, Tueaday, May 27.-Admissions on payment, 6,102; ditto, by seRaon tickets, W09; total visitors, 6,61L.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. JIUNCE. (ftoM ou0 OWw OOoRROrrKNT.) [A portion of the following appeared in our second edition I of yesterdav --1 PARIS, MoNsDAY, MAY 26, 6 P.iL. The following letter from M. Manin, denouncing the abominable doctrine of political assassination, - will probably appear in two or three days in one of the Turin papers "ai,May 25. "Accustomed as I am to speak in terms candid, franic, and o.ten bold, when I have the profound conviction of ser-ing my country, I do not now hesitate to brave clamour, rancour, and even danger. " There is one great eneiy of Italy which the national party must contend against without rest or pause, as without mercy, and in that contest it will be supported and seconded by the approbation and applause of the whole of civilized Europe. " This great enemy of Italy is the doctrine of politicaassassination, or, in other terms, the theory of the ponfard. " I will not stop to discuss the morality of the question. I k-nowv that there are acute dialecticians who will undertake its defence, and among others, and above all others eminent for the exuberance of their zeal, of their acuteness, and their doctrine, the reverend fathers the Jesuits. Bat I also know, and as a political man this suffices for me, that the feelings of every honest man in Italy and abroad reject, reprove, and abominate such a doctrine-the doctrine of destroying human life by acts of treachery, at any time, in any place, and for any motive whatever. " The great national party in Italy invites to itself, and hopes to draw to it, the whole of its people who really love their country, and especially the most judicious, the most worthy, and the most respected for the unstained honour of their lives. But these men will never answer to that appeal unless the national party separate itself solemnly, absolutely, and irrevocably from assassins. That absolute separation is necessary to conciliate the sympathies of Europe, and to gain to our national cause the respect, the veneration, and the affection which it merits. " Recollect how the Catholic Church, especially in Italy, lost and loses a great deal of its authority from having, out of regard for mere temporal interests, employed means which the conscience of mankind condemns, and from having made use of the co-operation of corrupted and corrupting agencies. Moral purity, in theory and in practice, con. stitutes the living and real force of every religion. But the devoted and ardent love of our country is itself a religion, andit would lose all authority in theory and in practice if it were deprived of moral sense. " It is heartrending, it is shameful, to hear each day of atrocious deeds of stabbing that occur in Italy. I am aware that the greater part of these infamies are traceable to the vile partisans of Austro-clerical despotism; but can we deny that a portion of them is perpetrated by men who call themselves patriots, and whohavebecome pervertedby the theory of the poniard ? And can we deny that the perpetual ene. mies of Italy use those atrocities as a formidable weapon against us, and that they call us barbarous, ferocious, and devoid of every moral sentiment, and unworthy of nationality as of liberty? Let us not forget what was the principal argument made use of by the orators who proposed or who defended in the French Assembly the expedition to Rome. " By exposing to the world our foul and fatal ulcer I kmow I perform an act of courage. I wish that to that courage I could add the power of words, and, in place of poor and rude language, that I possessed the persuasive eloquence which wouldmove and agitate the innermost fibres of the heart, and with irresistible force infuse conviction intothe mind ! Had I this gift I should then say, in a manner more worthy, and vwith well-founded hopes of success,-' Italians, inow is the time to efface that shameful stigma, to purify ourselves from that enormity. Our hands must be without stain. Let our purity from crime be the mark which shall distinguish the noble defenders of our country from the suicidal instruments of the enemies of all law. Ours shall be the honourable weapons which become noble and truly courageous men, and our duty is to profess and propagate the doctrines of pure and indisputable morality.' " Let the theory of assassination be left to the Jesuits, and let us abandon the poniard to the Sanfedesti. In a passage of my letter of yesterday relating to the treaty of the 15th of April I have some recollection of having stated that it was the Frenclh and English Plenipotentiaries who demanded that treaty. I meant to have said the Austrian and English Plenipotentiaries-the Austrian, because Austria, he was apprehensive, had become completely isolatedby her alliance with England and France, and exposed to danger from her former ally, but now her vindictive foe ;-the English, because the treaty tended to detach her still more from Russia. I have already alluded to the efforts made to shows that this treaty was but the natural and necessary consequence of the treaty of the 2d of December, and, moreover, that the Russians were well aware of the fact. I doubt both the pne and the other. It is hardly probable that Austria would wantonly increase the irritation of Russia after peace had been concluded, and Count Orloff would bardly express himself as he has certainly done, had he been aware of what was going on. I am credibly iinformed that it was only the night before the treaty was signed that he got intelligence of it from London, and it was only on the day following, and when it was concluded, that he was officially informed of it here. It is not thought that the question of the limitation of the Bessarabian territory will be arranged without difficulty. A deputation of Poles has had an interview with the French Foreign Minister for the purpose, it is said, of protesting against the silence with which Poland has been passed over by the Congress. The idea of sending Prince Napoleon to Civita Vecchia to meet the Legate who is to represent the Pope at the baptism of the Imperial Prince has been abandoned. Prince Oscar and the Archduke Maximilian visit Fontainebleau to-day. The Archduke leaves onWednesday for the Hague. Prince Oscar receives the members of the Diplomatic Corps on Friday. Another dramatic representation will be given tonight at St. Cloud. The actors are those of the Gymnase Theatre. The Belgian M3inister has, it is said, received no invit-ation, either now or the last time. The coolness between the Governments consequently continues. The circular note forwarded to the representative of the King of lNaples in Paris is, it appears, couched in such strong terms against the manner in which M. Cavour spoke at the Conferences in the name of Italy, and against the pretensions of the Congress to discuss the question when there was no Plenipotentiary from that Government, that Al. Antonini has not presented it. This does not justify the expectation of King Ferdinand being disposed to make concessions in favour of his subjects. The following letter has been received from Frankfort, dated the 23d inst.:- " The Sardinian Govermment has decided on naming a representative to the GermanicDiet, in the event of the relations between Sardinia and Austria not assuming a more favourable aspect. People ask what will be the result of that determination. Willthe Diet feel the necessity of interfering in the affairs of Italy? Persons who are acquainted with these matters seem convinced that the Diet will receive very coldly the overtures that may be made on that subjectYou are already aware of the rumours of the approachl ing mediatisation of certain small States for the advantage of the States of the second order. A great difference of opinion prevails on tnis question. Some believe in the necessity o! maintaining the independent government of the small German Sovereignties, were it only out of respect for the rights rendered sacred by them. Others, on the contrary, are of opinion that this project, -which threatens, it is true, the an. nihilation of certain independent States, will contribute to German unity. The idea of mediatisation may be a mere rumour; but, to judge by the effect produced by it, it must rest on serious resolutions. We expect here to-night or to. morrow illustrious visitor3. Quxeen Marie AmeEe and the Duke de Nemours are about to pass some days in our city, where they will meet the Duchess of Orleans and her two sons, who have been at Loden since the 16th. It is thought that there will be a decisive interview, during which fresh attempts will be nmade to induce the Duchess to give her adhesion to the 'fusion.' It is doubtful whether the Duchess of Orleans, who has hitherto so energetically resisted it, will assent to an act wbichis so contrary to the dynastic interests of which her sons are the representatives." The following private telegraphic despatches-have been received "JASSY, MAY 24. "The Moldaian Divan,just before the close of its session this day, unanimously voted an address to the Hospodar, demanding the union of the two Principalities. The news of i this vote having rapidly spread caused the greatest joy among the population." MA 2. "The Vienna Gazette justifies the signature and conditions of the treaty of 15th of April concluded between France, England, and Austria. The off$cial journal grounds its remarks-1st, on tho fact that Russia would not, either at the time of the Conferences of Vienna or afterwards, give any express guarantee in favour of the integrity of Turkey; ald 2dly, that Prussia has always declared that she would Irsserve her freedom of action. The Vieaw,a Gazette adds that the treaty of the 15th of April dves not contaiua any secret article, in no way attacks the relations now existing between the Germanic Confederation and Prussia,. and does not prevent the amicable relations of Russia with her neigh. bours. "MAY 25, EVE1NMG. "The Austrian CorrcMpudence disavows a statement which has been published. that the Government of Vienna had solicited from Prussia the guarantee of the integrity of the Austrian territory.- " The same journal denies to Sardinia the diplomatic mis. sion which she has attributed to herself, and defends the policy of Austria in Italy, which is confined to advo cating useful reforms for the purpose of preventing tho proceedings of the anarchical party." "H 2IWBURG, WAY 23. "It is said that a new Russian loan will very soon be offered. Our principal bankers have been called to Berlin ly Baron de Stieglitz to take part in it.", " BERLIN, MrAY 25. 1 "The Emperor of Russia made his entry into Warsaw yesterday evening. Count Nesselrodo, Baron P. Meyen. dorff, Prince Woronzoff, and Baron de Werther, the Pras. sian Ambassador to the Court of Russia, left St. Petersburg yesterday in a steamer for Stettin. "General Williams has arrived here. Accounts from St. Petersburg state that the Emperor of Russia has addressed a letter to General Grabbe, who commands the militia of Saratoff; reprimanding him for allowing his division to suffer from a want of provisions." The Emperor, accompanied by the Archduke Maximilian and Prince Oscar of Sweden, visited the Observatory on Saturday. The operations under-. taken for the revision of the geographical data of the map of France, the organization of meteorological studies in France and in Algeria, the astronomical and philosophical instruments, &c., attracted the most minute attention of Eis MIajesty, who several times expressed his satisfaction at whiat he saw. The visit lasted nearly three hours. The. Emperor and the Princes, on their arrival and' de-' parture, were saluted with acclamations by the crowd. The retail trade of Paris has somewhat improved this week, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather. Every sunbeam brought buyers into the shops, but unfortunately the season has hitherto been inauspicious, and the amount of business was sadly affected by the'cold and rain,which havelasted almost without interruption since the beginning of April. The manufacturers are still busily atwork,andactuaIy want hands to execute their numerous orders. The same inconvenience is likewisefelt in the industrial districts,where the price of labour, as vell as that of goods, has accordingly increased. Further -orders have arrived from GermanyandRussia, andthe Paris and provincial manufacturers have ample employment for months to come. The rise in the corn market is again checked. The accounts of the floods in the departments had at one moment inspired uneasiness for the safety of the crops, and maintained the rates in most of the markets. But the inteUigence received for some days mentions the gradual fall of the rivers,which had overflowed their banks, and apprehension has greatly subsided. The sale of flour has become difficult in the Paris HIalle, and prices have' | receded nearly 3f. per sack of 157 kilogrammes since; the close of the preceding week. The stock remaining on Saturday was 17,300 metrical quintals. Good wheat was searce, but ordinary qualities were abundant. Neither, however, was inquired after. Advices from Chartres and other markets, held on Saturday, all exhibited a tendencyto decline. The cattle markets continue to be well supplied, and a further advance in the price of calves and sheephas taken place. The Government, justly alarmed at this abnormal rise, is determined to apply a prompt remedy to an evil that affects the entire population of the capital. The removal of the markets from Sceaiux and Poissy to the very gates of the city is one of the measures contemplated. Wines maintain their price at Bercy, but little or no business is doing. In consequence of the great expense to which exhibitors have put themselves m order to send animals and agricultural productions to the grand cattle show in the Champs Elysees from the mnost distant countries, the Minister of Agriculture has decided on prolonging the duration of the exhibitioni. It will be open from the 1st June to the 10th inclusively. The price of admission is fixed at Uf. i On Sunday,lst of June, the doors will open at noon, but they will be open on the followigv days from 9 to 5. On the 10th, at 1 o'clock, the distribution of the prizes awarded to exhibitors wiU take place, under tho presidency of the M1inister; on the 11th and 12th, from9 to 5, will he the sale byauction~ or by private contract of the animals and imple-i ments; on the 12th, from 12 to 5, public experiments i of machinery and apparatus fixed onby thejury will be made on the trial ground in-the commune of Villiers. Price of admission to the experuients, lf. The animals not receiving prizes must be removed between 9 o'clock in the morning of the 13th and 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the 14th. The owners of animals receiving prizes must allow them to remain, if required, during the 13th and 14th for photographic and other drawings to be made of them. The machinery, implements, and produce must be all removed in the afternoon of the 21st. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 15c. for the end of the month ; the Four-and-a-Half per I Cents. at 94f. 20c. ; and the New Loan at 75f. 40c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,460f.; Great Northern, 1,155f.; Strasburg, 1,000f.; new shares, 915f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,517f.' 0c; L.yons to the Mediterranean, 1 ,745f.; Western of France, 967f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 812f. SOc.; Great Central of France, 740f.; Lyons and Geneva, 820f.; Bank of Cr6dit i Mobilier, 1,920f. ; Austrian railways, 947f. 50c. Cours Autkentlqu.-PARIS, Bray 26.-Cash PrIces.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 89f. 50c.; ditto (not reimburs. able for 10 years), 93f. 75c.; Threeper Cents., 75f. 10c. 75f.; Pank of France, 4,075f. 4,100f.; Credit Foncier, 735f. 732f. 5Cc. ex div. ; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 410f. 445f.; ditto, Three per Cents., 405f. 400f.; ditto Tenths, Three Per Cents., 8Sf.; Credit Mobilier, 1,93.;f. 1,937f. 50c. 1,930f. 1,920f. ; Discount Bank, 700f. ; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f. 75c.- Austrian Five per Cents., 92f.;* Belgian Four-and-a-Half-per Cents., 97f.; Romans, 92; Spanish Deferred Converted, 2S - ditto, In. terior Debt, 4L'^ 42. Exchang,e on London, at sight, paper, 25L. 40c.; money, 25f. 37dc.; three months, mnoney, 2Sf. SARDINIA. (EROhI OUR OWN CORPSESPONDENT.) TURIN, MAy 23. The Corriere Italiano, received here to-day, contains an article which is most virulent against Sardinia, and which, considering the position of that journal, as the semi-official exponent of the views of at least a section of the Vienna Cabinet, might well create alarm for the preservation of, I can't call them friendly, but peaceable relations, between the two countries, if there were not some4 counterbalancing circumstances made known at the same time. The intention of the writer in the Coarriere to irritate and provoke, however, is equally amiable, though it will miss its object. Speaking of Piedmont, he says- " She continues to use the most odious means for a revo-- lutionary propagandism, by maintaining an agitation in all Italy and in Piedmont itself." Then, after proving 'that the present policy of' Piedmont must inevitably lead her to the same errors and reverses as in 1848, he concludes:- " The days of Davids and prodigies are past ; children, cannot overthrow grown men, but the most robust man, wearied by the continued ve.ations and molestations of the weak, may forget the usages of generosity, and he in; ducedto inflict on the petulant boy such a correction as he will remember for a long time.' You will easily conceive the effect such lanaruaoe as this is likely to produce on the minds of ;eopXe here, and not only on those here, but on the adniirers of Piedmont in other parts of Italy, who believe that the permanent settlement of Italian affairs caunot be attained without hostilities. The most advanced liberals are anxious to bring on such a collisionwithoutdelay, and it requires the greatest caution on the part of the Sardinian Government to prevent persons from passing into Lombardy with the view of exciting a revolutionary movement, Orders have been given to double the police force on the frontier, aud all the authorities have been enjoined to exercise the utmost vigilance. It is evident that the Austrian Governmentbegins to feel the insecurity of its tenure in the Lotmbado-. Veneto, since it has been sending round to all the Governments of Europe to try and get them to guarantee her Italian possessions; and it is therefor-e a very consolatory fact, as a set-off against the ehetnn xpressions of the Cora-eru Itatiamzo, thit [ th BelinCabinet has authorized its re resentative in Turin-the Baron Brassier de St. Simonto assure this Government that Prussia will preserve a ltrict neutraJity on the Italian question, and will not aubscribe to any treaty or convention the 6bJet; of which is the maintenance of Austria in Italy. As this determination has no doubt been communicated simultaneously to thbe Cabinet of Vienna, it is tQ be hoped we shall before long hear of more reasonable counsels prevailing there, and that such concessions may be made to the demands of Piedmont as may obviate all necessity for having recourse to the ordeal of war; but, at the same time, thare is no doubt that the minds of all classes ia Italy are so excited at this moment that the slig,htest spark would suffice to cause the whole to explode, and therefore, if the Austrian Government really feels itself, or fancies itself, stronger in arms than in diplomacy to resolve the vexatious question of its influence in Italy, there will be no difficulty for it to find an excuse for resorting to hostilities, even with the appearance of being forced thereto. STATE OF NAPLES. (FROM OUR OWN COPMEsrPONDMN-.) NAPLES, MLvY 22. "aignani's Messenger quotes a Neapolitanjournal called the ECo dell' sperie-na as an authority for the following proofs of Royal mercy, that no capital punishment had taken place in the Two Sicilies for 24 years, and that during that time 9,894 political prisoners had been pardoned. Save us from our friends ! To these add those who have fallen victins to persecution, those who are now in exile oit of the country, those who are in the islands by a simple order of police, and those who are undergoing their sentence in the prisons and the bagni, and wre shall have a pretty strong proof of the wvisdom and justice of a Governlmnent which can offer so many motives for Royal mercy. I inquired yesterday for the Boo delP B'sperienza, and was informed that "mnwrl ta-uto temn(o fa; even its cncomiums of Royalty could not lkeep it alive. I will not run the risk of a mistaLe by giving any statement of the numbers yet in prison or confinement, but I am informred that no condemned person has been pardoned for political offences since 1848. Some exiles have been permitted to return, and among others 80 of the populace who had been swept off by a simple order of police, and sent to Ponza, and St. Stefano. Of these some, I have already told you, have been re-arrested; others are still in exile, without any knowledge of the reason of their punishment, and to all applicationsfor pernissiontoreturn the Royal " Va, b2oe" is the only answer given. Since the taking of Sebastopol three political trials have been suspended. One was that of a number of persons who were arrested last July or August, and another w%as that of a personi called Avitabile, who last September had terminated his sentence of five years' imprisonment. By some rutse of the police, however,'he wvas charged with writing a compromising letter. He was transferred from his prison in St. Francisco to the Vicaria, there to aawait his -trial Everything, hoWever, is suspended, or r.atheradjourned. So much in ansvrerto the defunci journal quoted by Galignn,i's Mfessenger. The tanoia of Milan, one of the foreign journals perrnitted in Naples, has a long article in defence of she character and Government of the King of Naples. One passage is very signHficant and represents the actual state of the Royal mind, "The independence of his (the King's) character does not suffer any compulsion." So true is this that on His 'Lajesty having been made acquainted with the tone of-the conferences, he tere up 12 passports whicb bad been drawn out for 12 of the exiles-among them wvas Signor Gorritti, a Sidia2n advocate. The Neapolitan Miuister at Rome had informed Gorritti of his probable recall, and on this expectation he had taken.a house in Naples. Mere wrords, therefore, as I have often asserted, wrill produce mo effect in Naples, and, as to His Majesty's taking the initiative, eight long years of' cruelty and absurdity give us no hope of uch a step. B3esides, were he to grant an amnesty, Thlough it might improve the position of individuals, t would leave untouched the' state of the nation. The strongtst hopes are now placed in England, and I wish particularly to impress you with the assurance that these hopes have produced the most calming effect upon the public mind. There is the repose produced by confident expectation. Be assured, also, in opposition to what is aflirmed by retrogradistsfortheir ownputposes, that republicans, as a party; do not exist here. I find a growing adcniration of England and English institutions, and I feel convinced that any measures which would guarantee the just administration of the excellent laws of this country and the honest working of the machineryof Government which exists throughout the lkngdom would be gratefully received as final The Count of Trapaui, His MIajesty's youngest brother, who left Naples for Rome, together with the Grand Duake of' Tuscany, has been charged, it is said, with somei mission to the Pope. There is a report that -the Count is to represent this Coiut at the coronation: of. the Emperor of Russia. Ain expectation has been very generally entertained that half the daty upon oil would be taken off but' up to the present moment it has -not been realized. In,consequence of such an expectation-the price of oil has risen much within the last few days. The sales of grain are very lax; unable to export to advantage, and uncertain as to whether the duty will be takenoff, or evenraised, tradeisgenelally paralyzed. One British merchant has, however, purchased to the amount of 10,000 quarters of white wheat,-an article little valued here, andtherefore to be bought with an expectation of profit. I An earnest hope is entertained that our new treaty will rectify a state of things much complained of. In 1854 a -commercial treaty was concluded with the Papal States, granting their vessels the same privileges as national vessels. The 6th article of our treaty puts IIs on the same footing with the most favoured nations, and the Board of Trade was written -to a few days after the publication of the treaty with Rome, calling attention to the subject, and clainiig for British subjects the same privileges conceded to those of the Papal States. The British Legation at Naples inquired into the case also, and made its representation to the Home Government, yet two- years have elapsed, and the position of the British merchant in Naples is as fol-- lows :-He cannot 4export- articles from this kingdom in British vessels to any but ports in the united kingdom, or in any of our Europeanpossessions; and with this restriction he must enter into a bond, to be forfeited if he does not produce a certificate within a given time, signed by a Neapolitan Consul, of the delivery of the articles exported at the proper.port.
: TRADE 7EPORT. Tuesday Evening. StGAR.-There has been a considerable demand for West India, and prices for..refining qualities are nearly 6d. per cwt. higher; the quantity soldalnountedto 2,054 hhd. There is scarcely any alteration in the prices at public sales. The following are 'the particulars :-6,596 bags Mauritius, low to hoddbrovn. 36s. 6d. to 40s. id.; lowgray, 415. to 42s iddling to fine bringt yellowi, 4s. Gd. to 4Gs.* crystallizer tlot to good yellaw, 45s. to 46s. Privately, a floatinge cargo of Havanloh is reported sold for the Mediterra ean. COFncE -Thero wasless spirit in the biddings to-day, ard'of toen siks and 360 batrels and bags of plantatioa Ceylon, only-a .portion sold at oSis. to 72s, for fino fine ordiuary palish to good hold coloury. The greater part consisted of low middling qualities, at rip. to. G2s. 6d. per 6wt. - n scrp --Ti e lof ral rates th ice is nowv selling attracts attention, and speculators have been operating freely;* there has also, been rather more inquiry from the continent. Since the close' of last week the transactions comprise' about ,'700 tons, of whichl1,0o tons were of Ballato afoat at 89 to 8s; 3d. pef CWt. landed, chiefy at the former price ; a Moulmein cargo of 400 to 600 ton, reported at 9s. Gd. per Cft.; and the remainderprincipally of yellow and lo w descriptions of Bengal rice, on the spot-viz., Lioonthy and Balla3, at8s. to 8s. 6d.; w;hite Bengal, at rs. Gd. to Us. Gd. forlow middling to good. An auction to-day of broken Bengal reainzed S 3. 6d.per cwt. The advance sincelast Friday is from 3d. to Gd. peer cvt. SA ll.toEm4X is pnsaleable at present rates, and 1,300 bags Bengal offiered, at .auction were wFithdraw,n; a per cent, at 3si., and 11 per cent. 30s. per cv;t. CociNn*nL-83 bags, m public auction, weore chiefly booght in as followsvs:-40 bags Teneriffe silver ordinary to good, 3s. Od. to 3s. lid, per lb.; 14 bags ditto black, 3s. lid, to 4s. 3d. per lb. for ordinary to good; and 29 begs Honduras black, good to fine, Os. 4d. to 6s. per lb. Tnntow.-The market is firm, at 45s. 9d. on the spot,and 45s. 6d. for the last three months, with but little doing. IEATER A.ND HrDEs.-The supply of fresh leather at Leadenhali to-day 'was very short. An active demand, hoevrver, prevailed for English and foreign butts averaging nnder 261b., and for crope of all weights. Skins and kips continue extremely scarce, and the inquiry for E3nglish' and Spanish horseohides is more animated, at improved raes In heavy butts, dresng hides, and shaved hides, there is no alter-ation to notice. Market hides in fair supply with no variationin prices, [Advertisement.3-Par6nts, teachers; and all who wish to aqirsu podss interest:ngnd important knaowlIde with faciity art recommended to purchase Part L of "' John Casselrs Educationai Course" now- ready, rnce sevenpence. This fint part consist of 1is paes deny octaso, and explains, in plain and popular style, in the ronrlo queMiocandanswer, the IAws and Properties of Mfatter- teca tica-t&hThenomena of Pluids-Acoostics-Hext--yeteo- - Geoloby Mineralogy-4Ph'loeophy of MKanufactures, and Agricultura and RuralEconomy, with sumons diagrams. The firstl-yearly volume of "VDassell's Illmusrated HIs3tory of England" will be read y July], price 2sa 6d. containing 12 pages,conqat and nearly 2ee eagrajangs. Loudo, NV bZeif mud Co., as9teo, ldi bqcliseilera. ~
MONBY-MABKBTand CITYITNBLLTGEYCE 1 i . _ . .Tuisy Evening. The quotaton of gold pt Paris is about 5 per mile premium (according to the last triff), which, at the English Mlint price of 31. 17s. 1d.per ounce for standard gold, gives an excchange of 25.29j ; and, {he exchange at Parus on London at short being 25.40, it follos that gold: is about 0.41 per cent. dearer in London than in Paris. By advices from Hamburg the price of gold is 426G per mark, which, at the English Mint price of 3S. i7s. 10id. per ounce for standard gold, -gives an exchange of 13.5i ; and, the exchange at ramburg on London at short being 13.7, it folows that gold is 0.64 per cent. dearer in London than in Hamburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' sight is 110 per cent., and, the par of exchange between England and America being 109 2340 per cent., it follows that the exchange is nominally 0.42 per cent. in favour of England; and, after making allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves a small profit on the importation of gold from the United States. The English funds maintain their recent advance, and although a slight temporary depression occurred at one time to-day the market has aOgain closed wvith a very firm appearance.- Consols for money opened at the price of last evening-namely, 943- to , whence, in consequence of a sale of 140,0001. stock, understood to be for the Court of Chancery, they declined to 945. Ultima 9-, to I for money, and 94i to 95 for the 4th of June, while for the July account the transactions were at 95- to - (or 94 to I ex div.) The scrip of the new loan left off at 2s- to A premium. :Bank Stock closed at 216 to 217; Iteduced, 93;4 to 4; New Three per Cents., 94h to I; Annuities, 30 years, 17 3-16; India Stock, 233 to 236; India-bonds, 4 dis. to par; Exchequer-bonds, 98S to j ; and Exchequer-bills (March) ls. to 4s. pm., (June) 3s. dis. to par. Irge sums of gold continue to be taken to the Bank, and the discount market exibits signs of increasing ease. The scrip receipts for the deposit on the loan for 5,000,0001. will be delivered at the Bank to-morrow at 11 o'clock, to holders presenting their letters of allotment. Foreign securities have fluctuated only to a limited extent, and the highest prices were not wholly supported in the later hours. The Turkish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 99, 98k, 1, and 99 ; and the Four per Cents; Guaranteed at 103k and J. The general business comprised-Brazilian, 99; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents,, New, 96&.; Mexican, 23k; Russian Five per Cents., 106; the Fourand-a-Half per Cents., 96, 96X, and 95k; Sardinian Five per Cents., for the account, 91k, 95, and 941,; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 25k; and Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents, 95k. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon there was no alteration of importance from the rates of last post. The closing quotations from the Paris Bourse this evening failed to arrive. At the opening the market wvas dull, without- any material change in prices. Rumours of an approaching loan continue to circulate. The Board of Trade returns for the past month were issued this morning, and again present remarkable evidences of the general activity of trade. Conipared with the month of April last year there has been an increase of 1,338,9621. in the declared value of our shipments, and the improvement has been spread over all the principal branches of manufacture. Woollen goods have participated in it to the g,reatest degree, but those of cotton, linen, and silk, are also on the favourable side. For yarns there has been less demand. The increase in the exportation of metals has been extremely large, and also in those articles which are most affected by the state of the Australian and other colonial marketsnamely, haberdashery, hard -ware, and saddilery. The subjoined table shows the exact increase or dtcrease under each head - J)xcaAnrD VALuE os Exron=oxs. With regard to imported commodities there has been a considerable increase in grain and flour. Of coffee the receipts have been large, but the consiuption shows a slight falling off. Tea and sugar show a large decrease both in a-rivals and consumption. Of-spirits and 'wines also the importation has been limited, but the quantity of the latter taken inltO use presents an augmentation. Of coco spices, and tobacco, the arrivals have been ample. Subjoined are the quantities of provisions, &c., imported and taken for home consumption: - The importations of other articles of produce have aio been moderate, most descriptions of dyes and flyeing -3tuffs, hides, metals, and oils, exhibiting a decrease., The return of peace, however, has been followed by a large increase in the arrivals and consumption of foreign timber. ThIe Admiralty have isued their new invitation for tenders for an Australian Mail Service. It is, however, little more than a revival of the old route zXpnnerlyiuidertaken by the Peninsular and Oriental Company. Screw steam vessels of not lees than 2,200 tons each are to run between Suez .and Melbourne, calling at Point de Galle. The contracors are also to state-the additional amount they wi roquire if the service be extended to Sydney. A preniium of 307. per day will be givea for every day saved ii the stipulated time for each pass=ge, and a new featura: is introduced as regards penaltias, by inflictinx thein in an increasing ratio for each day's delay.' Tli wholesome stipulation is lik-ewise to ba made, that in no cases whatever are the3e penalties to be reliaquished. The contract is to be for five yearj, La Hogue, from Sydney, has brought god to the value of 10O,001. The Aberfoyle is reported fromn Geelong, bat her amount of gold raeuains tV be ascertained. The weekly reviews from the Amsterdam aun Rotterdamproduce markets mention that operationg continued on a limited scale, but that psces were. fairly supported. The letters from Rouen state the market for manufactures to be inactive. The Victoria Dock Company have announcedthat the lease of the docks was executed yesterdcby by Sir S. Morton Peto, on behalf of Ihimelf and, Messrs. Brassey and Betts. Advices from Aden, dated the 25th of April, stae4 that the East India Company's steam-frigate Queen left that port for Bombay on the 14th, but returned on the 22d, having encountered heavy weather.
BAILZAY INTELLIGZENCE. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ONT RAITWAY ETTTl _ O IODO-N AD .NORTH-WESTERN. mxr. .L M. ADAin reported from the committee on this bill, that the new works, power to construct which is sought by the bill, are to be executed out offunds belongingto the company. The length of the-line is five iiles six furlongs and four chains. The steepest gradient on it is 1 in L20, and. the line is to form a junction with the lines in the Shrews. bury station. It iS intended to cross on a level one turnpiko road. The amount of estimates of the costs to be incurred up to the time of completion of the proposed deviation of the Crewe and Shrewsbury Railway is 110,000L., which appears to b,e adequate for the parpose. The quantity of land required is 57 acres. Messrs. - rington, Hawkshaw, harrison, and Collister were the engmeers examined in support of the bill; and Messrs. Roberson, Blyth, Hamond, and Brunelinoppositionto it. The committee were satisfied of the fitness, in an engineering point of view, of the proposed railway and works. The committee had examined the allegations contained in the preamble of the bill, and had amended the same, to make iT consistent with the provisions of the bilL They had struck out so much of the-first paragraph as related to the adinis. sion of the company as co-partners in the general station at Shrewsbury; they had strack out the whole of tthe second paragraph relating to the enlargement o? the general station at Shrewsbury, the stopping up of Hloward-street, and the purchase for that one and other purposes of the company, of certain lands and buildings in the Castle Foregate; they had amended the 3d paragraph in page 2, relating to the powvrer to enter into contracts for the construction, maintenance, and use of the joint station at Shrewsbury, by striking out the name of the Severn Valley Railway Company, and giving to the London and North-Western Railrray Company, And the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company, and the lessee of that company, the power to enter into such contracts for the station upon lands belonging to the Shrewsbury and H[erefordRailway Company, or which that company may acquire; they had struck onut so much of the 4th paragrh in page 3 as related to the extension of time for completion of any other works than the railway and sidings from l'rimrose-hill to Willeden * and they had found the same as amended to be true. LOSDoN mm SOUTH WFsrTEN. Mr. BEcrsxTr reported from the committee on this bill that, the works are tobe constructed by the company out of funds which they are aLeady authorized to raise. The length of the proposed line is 49 miles, 7 furlongs, and 2 chains. The steepest gradient is 1 in 80; and there are two tunnels on the proposed line. The lengta of the first is 1,298 yards, and the length of the second 2)8 yards- the breadth and height of the tunnels being 25 feet each. 'The estimated cost of the railway is 640,000!., and the quantity of land required 515k acres. Mr. Errington was the engineer examined in support of the bill, and the commiittea were satisfied of the fitness, in an engineering point of view, of the proposed railway. OXFORD, WOrCESTER, AND WOLVERRIUIPTON. (ADDnTIONSr CAPITAL.) Mr. H. E. AD.Are reported from the committee that the objects of the bill are not to authorize any new railway works, but to enable the company to raise further moneys by the creation of shares for certain purposes. The bill gives power to the companyto raise 350,000!. by the creation of preference shares, taking priority over all or any of tha existing preference shares of the company, of which mioney a sum not exceeding 150,0001. is to be applied exclusively to the completion of the broad gauge rails upon their main line of railway; and a sum not exceeding 200,000!. to be applied in the liquidation of existing liabilities, and in the execution of works necessary for the development of their traffic, and for the convenience and safety of the public, and which sum is urgently required for those purposes. By certain of the acts relating to the railway the company were bound to complete their main line of railway throughout with a double line of rails uponthe broad guage within certaia periods, the first of which expired on the 30th of April, 1855, and the last on the 1st of January, 1856, and in case of default the company were made subject to a penalty of 50?. per day, to be recovered by Her Majesty's Attorney- General; such default having been made, the penalties are now enforce. able against the company; but an arrangement to stay the penaltes havig been entered into (with the sanction of the Board of Trade) with the company most interested in the enforcement of them, on condition that the company should apply to Parliament in the sassion of 1855 for power to raise additional capital to construct the broad. gauge communication, and for an extension of time in which. to complete it (to the fulfiment of which agreement no objection is now taken), and inasmuch as such penalties may be payable by law in priority to any dividend Upon the preference shares, it appeared to the committee that the provisioi prescribed by the 13Sth standing orJer for tIne protection of existing preference shares or stock ought not in this case to be required, s" far as regards the sum of 150,000!., to be applied exclusively to the completion of the broad gauge, and for the avoidance of those penalties when it becomes imperative upon the company to proceed with those works. The biU contains a power to issue debenture stock, which is to be applied to the extinction of existing mortgage debt. With regard to the 200,00DI., making with the before. mentioned sum of 150,000D. the amount for which a first preference stock is to be issued, it was proved to the committee that the company are indebted in various sums of nioney, the discharge of which is urgently required, and tat the traffic remains undeveloped by reason of the non-completion of many important stations, sidings, and similar works; by the execution of these necessary works a, considerable increase of traffic is anticipated, and will no doubt arise upon the line, and the security of the existing pdeference shareholders will be increased by means of the improved condition of the undertaking. The bill proposes certain indemnities to each class of the existing preferentihl stocks, which the committee consider the best compensation for any losslikely to arise from the creation of a first preference stock, M hich the extremely involved financial condition of the company permitted. The committee, having regard to the peculiar position of the company, and the great confusion that might arise from the continuance of the present unsettled and most unsatisfactory state of their financial arrangements, are of opinion that the restrictions comprised in the 137th and 138th standing orders ought not to be enforced as to the further stun of 200,00!., and the alteration inthepriority of the existingpreferential capital ought to be alloNved. The shareholders attending the meetings on the 17th of Mfay, to nominate representatives of each class to form a select committee for the final settlement of the terms of assent to the indemnity clauses of the bill consisted of 31 ordinary shareholders, holding 181,4801. stock; 24 preferential shareholders, holding 65,9801. stock; and 13 holders of guaranteed stock-, holding 104,450!., together 351,9101. SWANSE X. VALE. Mr. STPUTT reported from the committee on this bill that the proposee railways are to be made by an existinE company out of moneys which they are already authorized to raise. The length of the extension line is 5 miles 5 furlongs; of theYstalyfera branch, 8 chains; of the Twrch branch, 1 furlong 7 chains; and of the Yniscedwyn branchh. 2 furlongs 3 chains, and they are proposed to be constracted on the narrowv gauge. It is intended that the railway should. cross on a level one road. The estimated cost of the railway is 50,000! and the quantity of land required 51 acres. Mr. R. W. Jones was the engineer examined in support of the bill, and the committee were satisfied of the fitness, in an engineeringpoint of view, of the proposed railway. I,EST LONDON A,ND CRYSTAL PA.rA . Mr. IASCELLES reported from the committee that the objects of the bill were to enable the company to rakie further capital, and to amend their acts. The committee had examined the allegations contained in the preamble of the bill, and had amended the same, by striking out those portions having reference to the sale or lease of the line, and. aulthorizing the respective companies named therein to raise capital for those purposes, and had made verbal amendments therein, and had found the same, as amended, to be true, WotCxsrx AND HEREFORD. Mr. H. ADuR reported from the committee that the parties promotine this bill had stated to the committee that it was not their intention to proceed with the same. TRAYFIC R iTURNS. iMe. Pas- Mer- Total, Totel Eafay.. open. senaoem ebandiw. 1. 1855. Week ending 3ay 21. mons and mansgel.. -. 21 2 6g3 2 .. 71 Week ending May 2. ' Glagow and South-Weste .. 5,951 65., Week esnding 2. Worth London . : .. s . -_ .. 2,134 ..Z127 GreatLuxembourg.. .. X .. - - .. 5 ,. _ Week ending May2. Kendalaand Widermere -. . - - .. 242 . 23S The following are the las returns of the gross receipts of the principal !eh railways, from the 6th to the 12th TiH PUBmiC BIZALTH AcT.-A reti vyeserdiy imu' d shows th&tin 1854 the Public Health ASct ws ap. V;Ied to 15 plms inlEngland, and in 1855 to 13, miak7ng A1tgether.S. This year it has been applied to one place, viz., Smethwiel- in Staffordshire. P'ortions i Che j;t hvz also bon inxQ-pmated in sbc 1FA aqtSs
JRAZWAY AND MIVING SHARES. Tuesday Evenlng. The railway-market was firm at a further advance ranging from 10s. to 11. per share, which was fairly 7upported to the cloze. French and Belgian de-, scriptioss 'were not extensively operated in, but *lt dian de. sptic ns exhibited an improvement. AustralianIaLd and, banking descriptionswere rather higher, and Van Diemen's Land closed 16 to 18. -Mining and niiscellaneous securities presented Ettle alteration. Ottoman Bank Ieft off 0 to I pm. -tank; of Egypt, par to j pm.; - ational Discount company, 4 to t discount; Ri'a Railway, 1@ to i -Tm.; ruL-amEnco, 1i- to t pm.; L~omibardo *.Yenet:an, 6t to A pm.; Western of London, o to 4 disconnt; Londjn andl Paris, 34 to 24 discount; and Alliance Bank, 2 to 1 discount. ORDIUXRY 8HARES AND STOCKS.
APPEALS. -dm HOUSE OF LORDS, MAY 27. PERSSE V. PEISSE AND OTHERS. lr. Xolt and LLr. ielwyn appeared for the appellant,and the Solicitor-General and Mr. Qiffard or the respondents. The hearing of this cause was resumed at half-past 10 o'clock this morning, and the arguments had not concluded when the House adjounmed. LAT REPORT. COURT OF CHANCERY, Iacoi.N's- , MAY 27. (Before the LORDS JuSTICES of APPEAL.) LADY LANGDALE V. BBIGGS. The further hearing of arguments in this appeal occupied the Court yesterday and to-day, a second and a third day. The points are of great legal importance and considerable complication, though of very little general interest. IM!r. Wigram, Mr. Rolt, Mlr. -ns, Mlr. 'Rmuley, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Cairns, Mr. Toller, MEr. Shapter, Mr. Walford, MIr. B. W. Ellis, Mr. Speed, and Mr. lMartinean were the counsel engaged.
VICER-CIANCEILORS' COuJRTS. MLAY 27. COOK V. GREGSO1N. (Before Ywc Chancdtar Sir R. T. InUDERsLEy.) lhe question in this suit was whether an equity of redemption in a mortgage for a term of years was legal or eqmuitable assets. The suit, is instituted by the plaintiffs on beNalE of themselves and others the creditors of Edmund M'Donell, against his executor and executrix, I ady Ietitia LouisaKerr, who claimed to retain, out of the legal assets of the testator, a sum of 5,6811. 8s. 4d. due to her, and certain charges created by the testator on estates in Antrim were found by his Honour's chief clerk to be equitable assets, which would leave, the legal assets insufficient for the payment of the executrix's debt, and the charge upon which the question especially arose was an equity of redemption in a mortgage term created by the testator, and again mortgaged, the questien being whether such equity upon an equity was legal or equitable assets. Mr. GLASSE and Mr. CoTToN, for the plaintiffs, argued that, it being necessary to come to this court to realize these assets, they must be regarded as equitable. Mr. BAILY and Mr. TOLLEPR, for Lady Letitia Louisa Kerr, contended that these assets were legal, the necessity of coming to this court not altering their real nature. Mr. Swanston and Mr. C. Hall appeared for the executors; Mr. Giffard for parties in another suit in the same matter. MIr. GLASSE was heard in reply. The VICE-CsIsANCELLOR thought that, although there was some difficulty in distinmguishing between legal and equitable assets, th6 plain distinction was that one species was available in a court of law, the other in a court of equity. Suppose a creditor sued an executor at law, and the executor pleaded 2plene admiz istrarit, the question was whether what he had received as assets could be regarded by a court of law as received in his character of executor. If not, they could not be taken into account, and were not legaL Upon general principles, where an executor or administrator received m loneys virtute officii they were legal assets which he had- a right to recover, and that applied to a mere charge or even equity of redemption, which was not nowv regarded as an indulgence, but as a right, and the fact of the equity of redemption in question bein,g merely an equitable charge did not prevent its going to the executor simply in that character, and Ibecoinnig thereby legal assets. (Before Vice-C'hencdlclr Sir W. P. WOOnD.) STORRY Y. DUOGGLEJY. This was a suit for specific performance of an agreement for purchase by vendor against purchaser. The agreement in question was dated the 17th of January, 1854, the pro- rty comprised in it being a messuage, tenement, or public. house, known by the name of the Black Swvan, with the stables, outbuildings, yards, gardens, and appurtenances thereunto adjoining and belonging, situate at Great Driffield, as the same was then in the occupation of the plaintiff, Jeffer. son Storry ; and also a messuage or tenement adjoining to the abovementioned publichouse, andthen in the occupation of George Cresseyand the appurtenancesthereunto belonging, the purchase-aioney being-2,SOOt. The defendant paid 1001. as a deposit. A few days after the purchase the plaintiff received a letter from the defendant's solicitor giving notice that the defendant, intended to treat the contract as void upon the ground that he was drunk at the timeit was entered into, and whice, he said, was evident from the extravagant amoun' of she purchase-money. The plaintiff took no notice of this letter, but on the 4th of February sent an abstract of the title. The defendant's solicitor returned this w-ith a letter reiterating his former assertion, and stating further that, upon a cursory glance at the abstract, it appeared that it related solely to a portion of the remises, and did not include the yards and gardens at the tack of the house, and that if that was not included in the purchase it made it more evident that his assertion was true, inasmuch as it made the price still more excessive than it had previously appeared. These yards and gardens at the back of the house were rented by the plaintiff of Mrs. Robinson as yearly tenant. The plaintiff stated that at the time ofthe agreement the extent of property which was to be sold was expressly stated and understood by the defendant ; and the plaintiff had examined several witnesses to prove this fact, and also to show that the defendant had frequently made statements inconsistetnwith the idea of his thinking that le had purchased the whole. The defendant denied in his answer that he was drunk when he made the contract, but swore positively that he imagined he was buying the whole property, both that which belongeed to the plaintiff, and also that which the plaintiff only rented as yearly tenant. In the course of the opening the V1cE-CinsNcELLoR said it had been held long ago that in no instance could the Court decree specific performance of an agreement in a case where the defendant swore positively that he had not intended to enter into such an agreement. He did not know that there was any later case which was contrary to that doctrine. hr. ROLT, who witlhMr. SNYTHE, appeared forthe plaintiff, said that might be the doctrine of the Court when there was no evidence on either side, except the agreement onthe one hand and the defendant's oath on the other; but it never could be the doctrine in cases in which there was evidence renderimg it clear and certain that the defendant had sworn falsely. Inthe present case, if the defendant had not sworm falsely, then the plaintiff's five witnesses, none of whom had the slightest interest in the matter, were perjured. Mr. WInLcocr, 3Mr. CAnLNs, and Mr. H. IL HivrAcns appeared for the defendant, and were called upon by the VICs-CHAnCELLor to proceed to read their evidence in the first place, as he had no doubt the agreement, if taken in its literal meaning, and independently of any explanation by parole evidence, would include not only the premises which belonged to the plaintiff, but also those which were in his occupation as tenant to Mhrs. Robinson. The evidence was only partially read at the riig of the Court.
COURT OF QUEES BENCH, W3ST Slr, MAY 27. EX PARTE VIGORS. (Sittings in Banco, before Justices CoLamDGE, ERi, and Cmo3iron.) Mr. E. HnLB, Q.C. (with whom was EMr. Milward), had yesterday moved for a rule, calling on the North Metropo' litan Railway Companyto show cause why a mandantus should not issue, commanding them to commence the construction of the line of railway authorized by their act of Parliament. It was then stated that the company had a bill now before Parliament, but when the applicant went before the committee he was informed that he had no 105us standi, as his case had already been provided for by the act of Parliament. The present application was therefore made to compel the company to commence the construction of a certai portion of their lne lying between Baker's-row and Coweross-street, which by the 58th section of the company's act was to be commenced within 18 months, from the 7th of August, 1854, and to be completed within six months, or such longer period as the mayor, aldermen, and common council might determine. This provision that the line should be commenced within 18 months from the passing of the act, it was contended, distinguished the case from that of the York and North Midland Railway Com. pany, where it was held that it was not compulsory on the company to construct the line. The applicant also relied on the 168th section, which enacted that as soon as the company commenced any portion of the line they shonldwithin six months take the necessary steps to ascertain the value of the property required for the railway. The learned. counsel said he should be glad to have the opinion of the Court on the question, and- he did not wish to have a rule unless the Court thought the application could be sustained. The CoIuRT having takenS time to consider Mr. Justice COLERIDGE now said that this was an anplication for a mnandamus to the North Metropolitan Raitlay Company to commence a certain portion of their line. In support of the application it was contended by Mr. Hillthat the provision that the line should be commenced witlhin 18 months from the passing of the act differed from the cas6 of the York and ZNorth-Midland Railway Company, and, in order to show the interest of the application, it was urged that as soon as the company commenced any part of the line they were to make preparations for ascertaining the value of the property to be taken. The decision in the case referred to was that railway acts were to be construed as other acts of Parliament, and that the Court must consider, upon an examnination of the whole act, whether it was compulsory or enabling merely. The act now before the Court must be construed according to the principle o'f that decision, and the Court must look at the whole act. The section in question which v, as relied upon as being compulsory was found among others which were merely enabliig, and if the construction contended for were adopted it would leadto this consequence, that the company would be bound to make one portion of the line, and would not be bound to made the rest. The Court must give a reasonable construction to the act, and the meaning of the section would be, assunmimg that the whole line is to be executed, then that particularportionshall be commenced within IS months from the passing of the act and finished within six months. The point was sufliciently arguable for the Court to grant a rule, but, as the applicant wished to have the opinion of the Court, andthat was against the application, there would be no rcde. Rule refused. HUDSOON ASD OTIERS V. BrLTON AND ANOTHER. This was an action in which the plaintiff sought to recover the sum of 731. under the count for money had and received by the defendants to the plaintiffs' use. Atthe trial. which took place before ltr. Justice Willes, at the lastDurham assizes, the learned Judge expressed an opinion in favour of the defendants, but the pli'intiffs obtained a verdict, leave being reserved to the defendants to move this Court to enter the verdict in their favour. The plaintiffs were the creditors of one Thoinpson, who gave the plaintifMb an order on the defendants to pay the plaintiffs the sum in qUestion on a certain ship being loaded and having sailed. The question was whether, under the circumstances stated in the judgment, the ship had sailed, and the plaintiff was entitled to recover. The case was argued yesterday by Mr. H. Hill, QC., for the plaintif, ad by Mr. Maisty for the defendants; and, the CKourt having taken time to consder, tlr. Justice COLEXInGE now said it was contended ont the argumen.t that it was a condition precedent that the ship had been loaded and had sailed. The question, then, was wbtthsr the ,ship had ""iled." It bad broken ground, and erossedthe bar at Sunderland, but it was not in a condition to prosecute the voyage, nor was it intended it should do so untl something more was done. The vessel stood off and one, but the captain had- gone ashore for the papers, so that it had not, and never had, the captain on boara for the purpose of the voyage. In the case of "Gillespie v. Thompson" the vessel had anchored; and the only differencein this case was that, instead of anchoring, the vessel stood off and on. That circumsztance did not distinguish this case from 'the case cited, and thdrefore the role to enter the verdict for the defendant must be made absolute. (SiUtinvs at ilsi Prium, a2t Gultlhall, before Mr. Jusice WIGBTxAS and CommonwJuries.) ]BOWYE V. DOBSON. This was an action on a deed of covenant. The defendaut pleaded non est factunt, and subsequently, by leave of the Court, added a plea of fraud. Mr. Prentice and Mr. Metcalfe appeared for the plaintiff; M3r. SLade for the defendant. The plaintiff. Fr. Joseph Bowyer, Ihad been a livery*table-keeper at l otting-hilL In the latter end of 1854 he disposed of the busineass to a Mr. Hetherington for 6001., half cash, and the balance in three annual instalments; to secure the payment of these instalments, the defendant, a grocer in Oxford-street, joined 'Mr. Hetherington aina bond, which contained a proviso that if Hetherington declined or neglected to carry on the business the 300. should -be payable imuiediately.S. The evidence for the plaiztiff showed that Hetherington had sold off all the stock in December, 1855, and discontinued the business, and that on the 8th of January, 1856, the present action was brought. The plaintiff was called, and stated that he had purchased the business for 6001. 12 months before he sold it to Hetherington, and expended 3001. on it. He made no representation as to the value of it, but showed his books, and stated that his reason for giving it up was that he was going into another business which would produce- him. 7001. a-year~ Mr.- SLADE, for the defendant, stated he would prove that the business was carried on until the 10th of January, two days after the action was 'c6mmenced, and that the plaintiff had misrepresented the value of it. Mr. Hetherington deposedthat, although, he sold -ff the stock in December, 1854,. he retained, possession till the 10th of January, and lkept a man on the premises, and that when he purchased the business Boiwyer represented he was making 300l. or 4001. a-year, and gave it -up only because he had got a situation of 701%. at Messrs Green's, of BhackwalL The defendant deposed- that the plaintiff, had made such representation, and told him t hat out of the profits.he kept his oura-box, indulg,ed in his hunter, and was altogether rather ain expensive man than otherwise.I (Laughter.) : His LORDSEnsrr told the jury that on the evidence there could he little doubt that Hetherington had declined to carry on. the business, andthe question for them was whether the defendant had been 'induced to join in the bond by fraudulent miisrepresentation on the part of the plaintiff. The jury found a verdict for' the: plaintiff for 'the' full amount claimed. His Lordship was occupied for the -remainder of the day with an action for malicious prosecution, which was,only part heard when the Court rose; we therefore reserve our report. -BAIL COURT. In consequence of Palmer's trial no Judge came into this court this morning.
I COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. WxsrmmsT'p. MVA 27. KENDALL V. MRETT. (Sittin,q in Banco, Tr-init TemI before Ird Ciaf Juts JFRRVIs and Justices Wn.uIS and WnTlis.1 In- this case the LORD C Fx -JUsTIcE delivered the udgmentof the Court. - The question in this case, which was argued by. Mr.. Macnamara and Mr. Barnard, was as to the necessity of signing judgment before issuing a -Ji. f.. to enfdrce the awvard of an arbitrator upon a compulsory reference. * Twp objections had been made-first, that this was a-reference of all matters in difference; and, secondly, that nio judgnment had been signed to warrant thefi. fa. The Court entertained the opinion.that the terms * "all matters in difference" had improvidently- found their way into the 'order of'reference, and ought to be struck out. The Court'were. also of opinion as to the second point that it . was.'proper to sign judgment before issuing the execution. The :rle must be made absolute, but without costs, as the practice of all the Courts bad been followed intbis case. Rule absolute.' . GREEI,V. HOP;I. This was an action tried at last Kingston Assizes before Mr. Baron Alderson, under whose direction the plaintifT bad a verdict, with a reference to ascertain the amount of damages, and with leave to the defendant to move to 'enter a nonsuit. The action was brought.to recover damages 'fdr the non-delivery of 1,000 barrels of Swedish tar on boardi a ship chartered for London, by the plaintiff, a rope mami-- facturer at Sunderland, against the defendant, who is la broker in London, who had entered' into a contract to supply the plaintiff with the tar inquestion. The defendait; sold by a note "' sold on behalf of Mr. Leonard Boor , Gottenburg, to Mfessrs. Green and Co., Sanderland," .nd' was signed "H. KCophi, agent." The tar wasL never de-- livered, and the present action was brought; and the qqueslMon now raised under the present rule was whether the defendant bad renderedi himself -able under this contract, or rhether the action should be againstthefoieign prin-- cipaL fr. T. Brown.appeared for the plaintiff, to show cause against the rule; and Mr. C. Pollock for the defendant. The LORD CHIEF JUSTICE, indelivering judgment, said the rule must be made absolute. In every case the intention' of the parties was to be gathered from the terms of the coD.- tract. There was no rule of la* that there wasjnydiffelC cnce between the case of an agent actiDg for a foreign priscipal, and an agent acting for,a Principalin. this country It was a question of intention. Re could iot think that an1 agent in London who got his commission of 2. per cent.. was to be held responsible for: the non-delvery of 1,000 barrels of tar. If the principal was an Englishnman it was not disputed but he would be liable. %So if the principal in this case came to this countryle could be sued, and thatwis a reason for not holding that the difenidant was liable. The other learned Judgei'c'oncurrin', Rule absolute to enter a n6nsuit;- (Sittings at Misi Prius at Westninster, before Mr. Justice CROWDER. and a Conscmn Jury.) %VADDIOVE V. HURNVrr3f Mr. Sesieant Thomas and fr. H. Giffard were counsel for., the plaintiff, and Mr. Hawk-ins appeared for the defendanst. This was an action brought by the plaintiff to recover ompensation foridamage done to his cab audhorseunder-the following circumstances.:-The defendant, who is absilde., in the course of last year contracted to do certain repairs and to execute certain decorative and other wortks ona house situate No. 10, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden. He commenced the business in the month of September or October, but hbd not eompleted the job in December. A;. hoarding had been erected before the house, and the materials, such as sand, bricks, c., necessary for the worls; iad been placed within the enclosure, and in a safe osition. However, previously to the 6th of December this hoardirg had been removed, and, according to theaccount given by the witnesses for the plaintifE, a heap of sand, a-barrel, and other rubbish were left in the roadway; and on the night of that day the cab of the plaintiff,-who is a coech pro. prietor, was driven by his servant over the heap,. upset and seriously dam aged. The horse, too, which-was said ,o be worth about 20L., was so much injured as 'tshat afterwvards, on { being sold, he only fetched &. 16. and Mrz. Wfaddilove now sued the defendant for damages,, sustained both immediate and consequent upon this ocurrence. The:main defence zelied on was that Mr. NuMwltr had let a portion of the work under a sub-contract to a mn named Burn, and that he alone was liable to the plaintiff.' The jury at the conclusion of the trial, -which lasted nearly all day, without hesitation found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 211. HALnORD V. ISMUCS. The trial of this cause was commenced, but the Court rose before the examination of the first witness was conzcluded. 'I- SP""f V. WRIG_IT.- In this case, a short report of which appeared in The l imes of yesterday, the jury eventually returned a verdict for the defendant.
COURT OF EXCHQUER, TuDAY, MAY 27. '- NEw TRIAL PAPxR. AELNLUNDER V. DOWIE. (&itt!mg an Banco.) Tehis was an action by the owner against the charterer of a vessel for demurrage., At the trial' before hlr. Justice Wiles, at Liveool it appeared that affeer thecharter- had been made by the plaintiff on tEle record he arted with the ship, and the captain bought one:eighth, while Messrs. Firnie, either for themuelres, or their correspondents, bought the residue. While the ship was abroad the deamorrago arose, and the captain settled the claim in respect thereof at a certain amount less than that stipulated for in the charter-party; and subsequently Messrs. FirniW brought this action, in the name of the former owner, against the cha-terer to recover the residne of the demurrage. To this demand the defendant pleadedaccord and satisfaction, relying on the arrangeo nient made withthe captain as one binding on allthe owners, he being at the time one himself, and the question sought to be raised by this rule (to enter a verdict for the' plaintiff) was whether there was evidence to supportthe -finding of the jury for the defendant on that plea. : *Mr. Forsyth and hMr. lelish appeared to show cause against tbe rulie, but were not caled on, as Mr. EDWARD ;JsaiE and Mr. QuAne were calliedon to support their rule. They contended that the srrar,gement of the captain, thougl good as against him as one of the part owners, was not good as accord and satisfaction with all the others, he not being a party on the record; that, though the captain and Messrs. Firnie might have bought the ship, there was no proof that. their interest extended to the cont-acts entered into by the former owner, and that, as the affirmative was on the defendant, the jury ought to have found the isue on this plea for the plaintiff. The CHUT B-oN, at the conclusion of the argument, ave judgment for the defendant,. discharging the rule on ihe ground that the claim in 4uestion had been settled by .he captain as part owrner, and his arrangement was binding cn all parties interested. Mr. Baron MAariN. was of the same osinion. Mr. Justice Wiles had ruled at the trial that, wether Szr owner orno, the captain had 'u7mderthe circumstances of the case, power to enter into this arrangement, and he (M3r. Baron arn) quite aBreedinthat opinion ;but,besidesthat,there wasthefact that he was a partowrier as,wtl s captain, ard as such he had ful power to enter into accord and satisfaction. The rulie must therefore he 'disehared, Rule dischargedaccordingly. (Sittings at Nis Prius,' at GuildMI4 before Mr. Baron 3LimIn and Common -Juride.) The Court sat this morning for a-few r.akutes, and disposed of the only cause upon the list for trial};that one being undefended. _ -
CASE OF ARCBElXACON-DENISON. It was expected that hiis Grace the Arcb opof Canterbury would sit in the Commohil-l, Dcok-veommom, yesterday (Tuesday},-t hear t6e eae of "- " itei . Deaison." The Adinir.tAdbo"te qpea of the Archdeacon, who was cited to be present at II oeclock, but, after waiting upwards of an hour, his Grace not arriving, the learned Advocate withdrew, It was understood that 'the absence of the Archbiop wasC occasioned by. the prooeedings in the Court of Queen's Bench on Monday, bit no official notice to that effect was received bv the proctor for the Archdeacon. The ADVMRALTY ADVOCATE, before tiring, Addressed Mr.-Bathurst, the proctor for the Archdeacon, and said thig he presumed all the proceedings were abandoned. Recould only regret the absence of his Gracer because it prevented him from mading a prayerto bi di&nissed with costs. ie hoped that his Grace w-uld furnish an opportunity for that }eink done, which was the invariable custom, This was a highly criminal suit, and he must act on the legal presumption that the proceedings against his venerable client were abandoned.
COUBr OF BANKRUPTCY, Bqnmhgda&e,,,4 May 27. LY RE BUCHASAN. (Before LI1r- Commiion"r Rormomn.-1. r. Xlien, Iun., on behalt of the assignees n this case, applied to the Court to sanction the compromise of a claim for upholstery of 721. upon the National Mercantile Provident Association. The offices of the company were in New Bridge-street, but its treasurer. was never there, its secretary was not to be found, and ita clerk might as weU be absent. One shareholder had made an offer to pay 7s. 6d., ard another to pay ls.3d. in the pound.~He proposed that the Court should santion theeceipt of the 17s. 6d in thound as a discharge of the claim . siooconcurred.- Order made accordingly, * RE MY&EL NSD UEL GUnDICI. The banlrupt was a merchant of 41, St. Mary-axe. Mr. LAmIAcE. applied for his discharge from prison, which was resisted by MT. YOUG on the ground that the banlkupt had contracted a debt without reasonable expectation of payment, and that there were no assets. The Court was informed, in reply tothe question of what use it would be to keep the bankrupt in prisonif-there were no assets, that he bad- good friends among the other Greek pierchants. - His EONOJRB.-That is A very illegitimate aode of enforcing pnyment of debts. Discharge ordered. Unopposed certificates ofthe second-class were granted to W. Bennett, victualler, Margaret-street; E. Davis, cabinetmaker, Oxford-street; J. J. Hatch, furrier, Friday-street; and R. Nicholson, carpet bag manufacturer, Southamptoncourt, Holborn. fl RE EPIYANIO THALASSO. The bankrupt was a Greek merchant, of Bury-court, St. 3ary-axe. flis debts and liabilities are 16,00Z. ; assets, 9,7001, inclusive of 8,600 of consignments to Constantinople. Mfr, Berger, of 22, MIncing-lane, was now appointed asngnee.
POLICE. MLAysSoN-HOUsE.-William IMay, a biliard marker, was brought before Sir R. W. CARRDN upon the extraordinary charge of havin", according to the station-house book, " loitered about tondon-bridge with intent to commit suicide, and with having assisted a woman unknown to drown herself." Frederick Gill, lamplighter, said,-About20 minutes past 3 o'clock this morning l was turning off the gaslamps on London-bridge, and I saw a girl on the Southwarl; side of the bridge aone. I passed her, and in about five ninutes Mafterwars, on returning over the bridge towards th6 city, I saw the same girl standing outside on the ledge below the railing, and the prisoner was standing en the seat of the recess, holding her by the wrist. He said to her "Jump in," and let go her wrist, and said, " Go oii, and rll follow you." She directly jumped from -the bridge into the water. He then said, " My God J I did not thinl- she'd do it." He still stood there, and I went up to him and said to him, "'You vagabond! you vagabond ! you ou"ht to be ashamed of yourseif. You have murdered that i !" He made no answer. I saw the girlfloating along the water, aud heard her cry out, " Save me-help 1" I hallooed out as loud as I could, but she sank before the boats got up to heir. While I was standing along with the prisoner the witness Broome camc up. There was aman lying in the recess, a parentlyasleep, and he said that he had seen the occurrence.- I When I first saw the girl she walk-eld as if she was not sober. The prisoner appeared excited, as if he had been drikig, but was not intoxicated, I saw the officer take him into custody. John Broome, of 139, Bishopsgate-street-without, cool-, said,-I was coming over the bridge at half-past 3 o'clock towards the city, when Isaw the prisoner hand up a womar, by lifting her hand with his hand, on to the step of the recess and then over the parapet, and she went about two yards from him along the outer ledge; I -ran across, and he was by this tine on the seat. of the recess. I seized him -bythe collar, and hesaid "' Iet me go." I said I would not let him go until a policeman came. He appeared to know very well w fhat he wa about. $ Sir St. W. C.annin.-Did you hear .any conversation bcetween the prisoner and the woman91 Witness.-I did not. I saw the woman jump off I observed that she had a white bonnet and a white riband over it. I kept hold of the prisoner until the officer cane. -Sir RL W. CARDIsn.-Did you see the prisoner and the woman together before you saw them in the situation you have describeda9 - -itn ess.-I did not see them nuitl -I saw him hand her up the seat of the recess. Lucretia Berry, of Hood's-place, Newington-causeway, said,-I was going over london-bridge between 3 and 4 o'clock this morning, and I met the witness Broome, and was talldun' to him, when I saw the woman -who was drowned walkingtowards therecess with the prisoner. I saw them both go into the recess, and I saw the prisoner take hold ofthe woman's handandliftherup,and then assist her over the parapet on to the ledge; still keeping hold of her hand. I said " Good gracious ! he has thrown her over,"a4Id I ran across and jumped on to the seat, and the prisoner was then getting off the seat, but the last witnesstookhold of him, and said he should not go. The prisoner endeavoured to get away, and the last witness said, " You shall not go. till-a constable comes." I looked over, and saw the woman floating in the river for some distance, and just as the boat vas reaching her I saw her sink. - Sir R, W. CARDrm.X-Didyou knowthe woman? litness.-Not at alL R. Wheeler, 557.-I was on duty onLondon-bridge at the time stated, and heard cries of "Police" on the bridge. IJpon looking over I saw a woman floating in the water, and. Iwent to the recess described, and found the prisonerheld by the, witness Broome. Thore were also there the. other witnesses. I told them to- hold him while I I hailed a boat, and I called from the recess for a boat, and pointed in the direction where the woman was still floating, with her-head above water, but before those in the boat conldreach her she sank. I then took the prisoner inito custody. -He said he was very son'yforwhathlad happened, and that he was tryin to hel the young womana from going into the water. I had told him that he must consider himself in my charge. He'sald, "Whatfor?' Isaid, "Forthrowing thatwomanoverthe idge into the -water.' He said, "' I did no such thin . I was ting to prevent her from going in." I then tooi him to the stationhouse, andhegaveup therea silver watch and chain and 1L. s. lid., and' some articles which he had aoout him. In the sthtion-honse the ta-honor asked for some water, and said, "By God, I am innocen of what I am accused of." He appeared to be a little the worse for drink) but seemed to know very well what he was-about. The prisoner was remanded till Tuesday next. i GuaaDnALL.-The two men named Boltori and Jones, who were remanded from Last week-, the former charged with stealing a gold watch and other things, value about 301., and the latter with receiving the watch knowing it to be stolen, were again brought up, when Bull, the offlcer, -produced a gold watch, which Mrs. Stanton, the prosecutri, identified as her property, and which he said he received from Jones's legal adviser. - - Mr. Solomons, who s.ppeared for Jones, reminded the Alderman of the offer made on the last examination, when Jones promised to do his f2tmost to discorer the person 'to whom he hadsold the watch. Ho had exerted himself with success, and the watch was now restored to the prosecutrix. Jones, from the first, never denied having purchased it, ahd on being informed of the robbery had acted as any honest and respectable tradesman would have done, and he (Mr. Solomons) therefore hoped, under these circumstances, that -the magistrate would discharge Jones.. Alderman F-m5xxs said, Jones's conductcertainlyappeared, as Mr. Solomons had said, bond jde, and, as he never denied having bouhLt the watch, and had taken some trouble GO produce' it, he thought there was no ground for any charge against Jones5.- Jones was accordingly discharged frombis recognizance. Mr. Beard, from the office of Mr. Buchanan, suggested that as the' confession made by the prisoner Bolton was given after a promise'of forgiveness, there was no case - Aldermau FnS expressed a determination to commit Ithe prisonerfo is xr. Beard said if the Alderman would deal summarily with the case under a recent act, which empowered him to ndo so, he would advise the prisoner to lead guilty. This application was refused, and the prisoner was 'coimiste'd BoWN-sTREE-TA Frenchman, who gave his name ile Lefebvre, was brought up for final exaamination on Itrb charges of robbery from hotels in which he had been 'stay- He had beengiven in charge by Mx. Dix, the roprietor of the Albion Hotel who had stopped him ashe wssfeavi the house with his (Mr. DIis) coat on under his own.. g old watch, diamond pin, eyeglae, and other articles, stolen f rom Mr. I)ix's bedroom, were taken from his pockzets, and also a silver fork and spooninarked "}Fiolaine's HoteL." On a strict search being made at the station, it was found that he was wearing as-x shirts, ene over another, which had also been stolen from the .Alhion. M. B, iolaine, proprietor of the Thilvers, a French hotel in Earl.street, Bakfiias, identified the plate He said the prisoner had stayed at his housefor some days, but, some money being stolen from two French gentlemen occupying Lrooms adJoining that in which he hadslept, suspicicn fell' u npon him. When accused of the theft he admitted it, and' E gave up the money. The gentlemen refused to charge him [eon that occasiOn, andall he (M. folaine) could do was to- turn him out of the house.- H le was committed on both charges. SoUTHWA.P:-In the oourse of the day Mxr. Barnett,7 pawnbroker of the Dover-road, waited upon _r.A&'1scTrxrs or his advice relative to closing their xhops on Thursday, when the celebration or Peace land the general iUmiion wlltiice place. Me informed his worship that heu ider: stood there would be a genera holyday on that day,ana that all the shops would be elsed Now, the {awn. brokers were sinulasrly placed, as-they not only had pIedges redeemable on that day, t manuypersons from the countrymiht havie bnsiness oE impor-tanoe to transact - ith-them n; trefore clodinz their ahops on tbatj day would--be of aeiou inconreence, It wsnot like a Vbrstma day or- Good Friday,which were legalholydays; thereforehedid not know how to act. Under these circumstances he called up-nO hisworship.for his advice, as he should not like to elose lia shop and render himself liable to an action. r. A'BECKETr asked him whether it ws the intention of the shopkeepersin thatdistnictto close onThursda I Mr. Barnett said he believed-a great many intended to d sO, esecialy the pawYnbrokers as they had prpert of eo-i -mxdcrabe valule in their shops, which mnight excite tbe cupidity oE the mob, if any collected in the streets, hntble Ads not feel justified in closing, unless he hadlegal authority Mr. A'BEIenTT toldhim hedid not think itwas intendg tbe a general holyday,and it'would be at the optio of shopkeepers to close thei shope. The police-courts would be oper, ss usual, hut if the aplicant2 pthry closed:lie thought it would be quite saufficient. Inorder to m-ke it a legal holyday there mnst have been an act ofPliamedt passed, but as such had not been done the Bank and tlher places of business would trinsactbusiness as msaJ,thr fore it would be necessary for pabwnbrokers to open. Xr. Barnett said, that under those circumstances be should open his shop, but he should be a little more Yiplant. LA.ETEP.-FrederiCk Phillips, alias Angular, an ex-policeman, who has been convicted of felony, and William Jacobs, afi.s Arnold, who have been in custy for several days on a charge of obtaining a ~quantity of hay and .cloTer from MWr. Mutton, a, pastrycook at Brighton, and whio .be,& -farm in Snssex, and also a quantity of turnip-seed froinia seed grower in Esse, by false poretences, were again ciamoined, and yere committed for trale
DiZSTEBUY,IOy OF PRIzE MONEY. (From Tuesday's GaicUe.) N'otice is hereby given to Captain John Adams and the oflcers and crew of ter Majstes ship Gldliator and lier Mfajesty's ship Jackall, tenderthereto, who were adually on board and entitled to share inthe proceeds anisig firo2 the capture, on the 2d of November, 1850,. of the slave-vessel Brazil, and adjudicated to that ship by the High Court of Admiralty, in April, 1856, on a claim of joint capture, that the distribution thereof wil be nade on the 2&d dayof June, 1856, at 1, James-street, Adelphi, where the list will be recalled every Tuesday and Friday for the next tbzec months. SC--ME OF DISTh BUTION: WOODHEAD AND Co., Agents, ; Joh-bstree, Adelphi.
.THE QUEE.N'S VISIT TO THE TURKSH EMBASSY. The Queen honoured his Excellency the Turkish Ambassador and Madame Mu-isrus with a visit last evening at the residence of the Ottoman Embassy in Bryanstonsquare. Very extensive preparations had been made byhis Excel. lency 3. Musurus for the reception of Her Majesty on this the first occasion of a RoYal Tisit to the Embassy. The exterior of the mansion was brilliantly iUluminated, while the intetior has for some weeks past exhausted the skill of the decoratorin rendering it worthy the auspicious occasion. A guard of hononr was stationed in front of the Embassy shortly after 9 o'clock last evening, before which hour the company honounred with invitations to be present had already begun to arrive. The entrance from Bryanston-square was reserved for the Court and members of the Royal family, the general circle entering from George-street. Their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess Eary and his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge arrived at half-past 9 o'clock, and were conducted by his Excellency to the ballroom, at one end of which was an elegant dais for the accommodation of the Queen and the illustrious guests accompanying the Court. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, with Prince Frederick Wiliiam of Prussia and the Regent of Baden, arrived punctually at 10 o'clock, escorted by a detachment of the Royal Horse Guards. The Queen, who was attended by a brillant suite, was received in the entrance-hall by M. and Madame Musurns. Her Majesty took the arm of his Excellency, and, ascending the grand staircase, proceeded to the ballroom, into wvhich the general company had not as yet been admitted. As Her Majesty alighted from her carriage the band of the Coldstream Guards played the National Anthem, which was taken up by Laurent's orchestra as Her Majesty entered the J,allroom. The Queen having taken her seat in a chair of state, the members of the corps diplonzatique were first introduced, and had the honour of being presented to Her Majesty-a course subsequently followed with the rest of the company. The ball was opened at half-past 10 o'clock by a quadrille in which Her Majesty danced wvith his E-xcellency M. musurus, the Prince Consort taking the hand of Mradame Musurus. The Prince Frederick of Prussia danced in the same set with the French Aimbassadress, and the Regent of Baden with the Princess Mary. A waltz followed, and then a second quadrille, in which the Queen danced -with the Regent of Baden. Her Majesty now left the ballroom, and proceeded through the whole suite of apartments, bowing graciously to the guests as she passed through the brilliant assemblage. The Queen returned to the ballroom at half-past 11 o'clock, and shortly afterwards was conducted to a niagnificent saloon, specially erected, in which a superb supper was served. Her Majesty remained in this saloon for a considerable period, and complimented the Ambassador on the rare taste di-played in its construction. At half-past 12 o'clock Her Majesty took leave of the Ambassador, and was conducted by his Excellency to the Royal carriage, before entering which Her Majesty expressed both to M. and Madame Musurus the pleasure she had derived from her visit. The following members of the Corps Diplomatique had the honour of receiving invitations:- Austra-His- ExceUency the Austrian Minister and the Countess DYAppony, the Count Karolyi, the Count Chotek, the Count Bathynay. Ba-varia-His Excelency the Bavarian hlinister and the Baroness de Cetto, the Baron de Cotta. Be-giun.-His Excelency the Belgian Minister and Madame Van de Weyer, M. Hlenri Solosus,3 M. M1. Delfos. Brazil-Hie ExceUency the Brazilian MiInster and Madame de Carvalho Moreiro, M. de Lima. Denmark.-His Excellency the Danish Minister and hMadame Oxholm, the Count RevenUtow-Crminlil. France.-Hhs Excellencythe Ambassador of France ard the CoUntess de Persigny, M. Baudin, Count Jancourt, M1. Boux, Comnt Chandordy, I the Duke de Caderouse, Grunont Mi Zdonicauit. Greece.-His Excellency the Greek lM,inister and Madame Tricoupi, M. CharleNs Tricoupi. Hanover.-Ilis Excellency the Hanoverian Minister and the C ountes Belena Kieluansegge. Hfanse Toiens.-His Excellency the 3inisterfor the Hanse Towns. Hayti-The Charge d'Aflaires of llayti. Mexico.-The 31exican Charge d'Affaires. Netherlands.-His Excellency the Netherlands Mlinister L dle lleiderwier. Nicaragua.-His Excellency the Minister for Xicaragu,. O:denburgha-His Excellency the Oldenburgh Minister. Perm-His Excellency the Peruvian linister. Portugal.-His Excellency the Portuguese Minister aid the Countess lavraid3, M. Pinto le Soveral. Prussia.-lis Excellency the Prassian Minister and the Countess Bernstorif, Baron Sanger, 3L de Xatti, Baron de Kounentz. Sardinia. -His ExceUency the Sardinian Minister, Comut Lewis Corti. Count de 1a Tour. Saxony.-His Excellency the Saxon Minister. SiciIy.-The Sicilian Charg,l de Affaires. Srp:n.-HIis ExceUency the Spanish Minister, 31L and hMadame CoMin. Sweden.-IEis Excellency the Swedish Minister and the Baroness Itoehschild, 3M. c. Hochcshild, Baron de Rudbeck. lnitedStates.-Is Excelency the American M1inister and MJL. Dallas, 3. P. Dalla. The following were invited in the general circle The Grand 'Vizier of Turkey and suite, the Prince and Princess Edward of Saxe-Weimar, the Prince of Lowenstein and the Prince Ernest of Leiningen. The Duke of Devonshire, Duke and Duchess of Bedford Duchess of Inverness, Duke and Duchess of Argyll, Duk-e and Duchess of Atholl, Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch, Duke and Duchess of Cleveland, Duke and Duchess of Grafton, Duchess Dowager of Hlamilton, Duke and Duchess of Hamilton, Duke and Duchess of htontrose. Duke of Nevcastle and the Lady Susan Pelham Clinton, Duke and Duchess of Richmond and Lady Cecilia Gordon Lennox, Dutke sad Duchess of Roxburgh and Lady Susan Innes Ker. Duchess of SLi Albans- Margaret Duchess of Somerset, Duke and Duchess of SEomerset and the Lady ITica St. hlaur, Duke and Duchess of Sutherland. Duke and Duchess of Norfolk, Duke and Duchess of Northumberland, Duke and Duchess of Leeds, Duke and Duchess of Manchester. Duke of Rutland, Duke and Duchess of Wellington. Duke and Duchess of Beaufort, Duchess Dowager of Beaufort ad the Ladies Somerset, Duchess Dowager of Norfolk, Duke and Duchess of Marlborough, and Duke d'Osuna. The Marquis and Marchioness of Londonderry, Frances-Anne Mlar cbioness of Londonderry, Marquis and Marchioness of Kildare, Mar eluis and Marchioness of Abercorn and Lady Harriet Hamilton, 3Maria Marchioness of Aslesbuxy, Mtarquis and hMarchioness of Aylesbury, Msrquis of Granby, Marquis of Bath. Macehioness of Bath and lady LoUisa Thyone, Marquis and Marchioness of Breadalbane and Miss Pringle, Marquis and Marchioness of Tweeddale and the Ladies Hay, arquis and Marchioness of Clanricade and the Lady Harriet de Burgh, a2rquis and .Uarchioness of Ely. 3rarqs and 31archioness of Exeter afnd Lady Mary Cecil, Marquis of Ladowne. 1Marquis and Mlarchioness of alisissey. Marqrus and Marchioness of WVestminster and Lady Agnes 1:rosvenor, M1arquis and titarchioness of Stafford, Mlarquis and MIarchionoss oi 'Warerford. Mlarqusis and Marchioness of Tosusohend and Lady Eliabeth Towinshed, Marchionessof fHastings and ladyTietoria hastngs. Earl and Countess Howe and Lady Adelaide Cmuron, Countess of Shannon, Earl and Countess of Shelbtine, Earl and Countess Somers, Earl and Countess of Morley and Miss Coryton. Earl of Cardigan, Earl and Conmtess of Lucan and Lady Lavinia Bingham, Countess of LichheldandLdtly GuendelenaAnson,Earlof Dalkeith, Earlof Euston, Earl of Lincoln, Earl and Countess of Jersey and Lady Clenentina Villiers, Earl and Countess of Harroivby, Earl and Countess of Clarendeon, Earl and Countess Granville, Earl and Coiuntess of Perth. Earl of Aberdeen, Earl and Countess of Airle. Earl of Denbigh and the Ladies Feilding Earl anid Countess of hlount RElgecrmbc, Courtess of Povis and the Ladies Herbert, Earl and oantess Spencer and Lady Sarah Spencer, Earl and Countess Craven, and Lady Elizabeth Craven. Earl Beanchamp and Lady Georgiana Lyron, Earl and Countess of Derby and LadyEmma Stianley, Countess of Cottenham and the Ladies Vepys, Earl and Countess of Desart, Earl of Cottenhalm, Earl and Countess of EUesmere and Lady Blanche Fgerton. Earl and Countess Grey, Earl ad Coumtess of HEardicke and the Ladies Yorke Frances Countess Waldegrave and Mr. Harcourt. MY P., Earl and larly Constance Grosvenor. Earl and Conntess of tereLand and Lady Rosa Fane, E:arl and Countess of Shafteslny sad Lady 'Victoria Ashley, Earl and Countess of Zetland, E,arleof Pomafret, Earl and Countess Fortescue, Earl and Countess, 4rf Malesbury. Earl and Countes.s of WVicklow and Lady Cathorie, Hvoward, Earl and Countess Detawarr and Lady ArabeUas Ssekville 'Ws, Erl andC4m;tesof T.ankrerLci Earl and Countess of Jkarof hielinore. and Earl FOWBs. ;iscount and Viscounmtess Mardinge and the Hon. Miss Hardinge, Viscount and Viscountess Palmerston, Viscount ard Viscountess 'Cocbermere 'Viscount and ViscoUnte6s Ebrinzton. 'Viscount and v"oun'?.sEef.eld and the Ron. Miss Byng. 'Viscount Castlerosse, 'Viscount and Viscountess Viliess, Viscount Raynham. Viscount Valletort, .Vicount Althorp, Count and Countess De Flahaultand t'dademoisell,. DeFlahault, 'Viscount Esniey, Viscouht Pevensey, 'Viscount Bangor, and "Viscount FOilding. Lordand Lay Ernest Bruce, Lord Seymour. Lo:d and LadyJohn R-uelland uiss Rnssell and Miss Liuter. Lady Ashlvrorth and the i'lesAs %-hwozjh, Lady Rokeby 1nd the HGn. tisi MAontau, Lard and lady 3Macdonald, the Lard Chancellor and Lady Crunworthb Lady aroline iass rgton and blMs Barrington, Lard and Lady Lyndhurst sulo Mi5'- tss eploy, 4Lordand Lay S6tawleyof A llerley and theHEon. Mlisses Staknley, Lard'Garlies. Lard and Lady (le Tabley, !Lord John Mlay. Lard Caveus2'ish. Laud lRub,chre. L,ord and Ladly Uevertono and ti o.Miss_ June,, Lloyd Lord Ashly. 1,,rd an,d Lad Wodeouse. -Lard West. Lord Pulimsure and the Hon. Ellzabethamaule, La d Stanley, 3M.., Lord and Lady Aghblurton, Lard and Lady Olivia Osoulatone, Lrd George Paulet. Lard Dufierin. Lard and Lady De tos and-the Hon. mlas De Ros, L;dyUvaadde Walden and thoHon. MissesEllis, Lard and Lady Loadesb , Lady GeorginsaBaiic and the Misses Bailhie, Lard and y Clasid Hamilton, Lad3j Augusta Bruce. Lad- Caroline Mfase d htic,5s hlaxse Lard Raglan. LOrd Napier. Lard and Lady Churchil, Lard and Ld5 Lovaine, Lord Cranstou4, Lard Campbell and Lady Stratheden and the 1on. Misses CampbelLord and ladyrowley, Lord George La. sos. Lady-Georgiana eare. BaEonand Baroness deo othschUd and ML.slemoiseLle Rothschild, 'Count Castiglione, Baron ml Baroness Mleyor de othschiId. cGeral the Hon. Charlee Grey and hMrs. Grey Colonel the HonCecil Forester, Colonel the Hon. A. Gordon and ira. 4Cordo,a, Colonel the Hon. C. B. JPhipps and Es. Phipps and Miss Phipps, Lieutenant Colonel the HOn. Robert Bruco andMes. Bruce, CW..min the Hon. M lCeVsel. dmralDans Duans s and Lady Emily Dundasn H Hop. rderickr Byag. Hon. Drlan Fiaa, Mon. hI.b Hon. Dudicy Csnqibel, TheRht. HePmoueymokturat andldr t,NhrSh a HLorea,d. and audisses C Cwov. Hon.3M.n rs.1a Rirhaa-,tCavendish, Hon. tile. and,,rs. W. . Ducose Dnozn.e Thoma. Bruce. Honc. His on.risr Hon.r,Efn ISles. E.Vlliero mid YiU;ss vnd e. Hon.as Iaryo FeeIary mor. Georgians Cathicirt, ion. Mrr. andm5rfra:Spencer Peonhony, HonOD.E 3LSgont Right Ron Hcon. the Speaker and . Shaw LSabofevranhe rhisses So lef Pele, the Chanmilor of the Exchequer and L ,ady Teesa s LewisGadandisioner Cnd Perel lant Laid Jady Rice Peelrnand antll 3r. Duff,S3LP., and L iaht Agnnes f, hlr. and Lady Augusta Seymour and the 1psses Seyaour,mr. . a a Lady Charlotte Schreiber nn(dth Mises Guwcsesst, Mr anr Lady Liabedy Druramond, Mr.mnd,3ran lay Mary Stary Jeandte an. Mis Stanley M. Ly mand the Hon. Gra. air enage and the titiessTHen esei,e r. and and thoe Mrs. Mckte Mel 331iines. RightHon MencyLabenyucauere and Lay1azy 3faonerer Labouher.Rih rloCacles Oclva airSievart icIssr on. Sidney HErbert andt and . Herbert, iit ht Hn. BnundLyon Disraeli and r li, RightHo HD S. B. Gladstone and Mrs.Cladstone, Bight HODn.da. B.ernern ii,Landsto nmnrs. Smith Right Hon. iexcyander Cocyburn, gG}on. Spencer W alpole and Mrs s Walp,ole, Sir Fitz- soy oer G Sir Jas ir I.ady Gragam and the Misses'GisGlr a cg.Sir isederictanbd y ge r and lphahdesgerad SiowrdM Sirl sa7D Lad, OcaiaE Sh teat,i ichardanLdy3anEgand, dssaeSir Ed mundLdonsndMsosLa'Liss L, Sir Henry & linse.SirAie,vaneRar and LadypeaSa, iraklwin,SrandLiadadywaWal. Elr ir Hydytsnone ee r S SBrJohnBurDoy ac nd adEvr ,Ind theorBhGO.eyi Sir Wichasdela' l=Ial Miclnred, ieagegri rI slsnLd oad i Ham-jor;l (es, Ge FrI heesg e Brown. C Se Stenigino Sir Hens and Bentiurk, Sir An thony' e Lady Rtthschiid S Ro Eiy Pel Sreel,SrGeoal.rlea4IyGrey,SrcariritoblertandIayiaw EirrEdward andLa edy CusS a td Mm i Cu- t, Sir Beniam i and Lad y Mall Si 8eis alndy and Faqy wtsr, Sir John Baniile, ten Lard Maord,s snd the Iady 3Mayereee, the (idyoruor of the Bank of England, Anisnisal Milac, General Canno, ierl l, eserl u esc lSefe fearla sba dlpeyal Wykle,enea Besneral Ieatsont.eeaVi MJiWnteeajvor.wiJr Genea Cesney Colel Beanu SOXes rndos, 8en,Conel P. W. H Bsltmotn IJcope iuph, Coddlpb,nel Gnelth Griftith eutrg+NllonelHog Major fn '4lJ,9nl wss sadM hEsPearson, Capta]s,gJ)pnmc-nd,mcnwaptain WflIDE= PeeL R.N.. CaptIn Thesirer. CaptAin CamPbelL, Mfr Allea Bathunat, Mibs Burdett Coutts, Mrs Seymour and the YMiseXs Seymour. Mrt. and Mms. Tudor, Mr. and Mrm Osborne and tbe MiEsse Osborne Mr. and Mrs. Reeve, lr. Alexander Crookrbank, e r. H. DanbY Beyhmoaur.M.P.. Mr.handSMrs. Wodehouse Cords,Mr. and Cur& Baring. P. F. Conrtenay, the hlisses Ianmay, Mr. Henry Hope .Slade and Mriss Bl^ahdSe.Mlr. Ferd;inand de Lesps, hSr. Agarnn Borthek-, Mlr. aud Mrn. E. Hanuond. hr. Norman Mtacdonald, Mdr. George Russell, . Atforinezog Maya,andM.,S Paeb s r 3.
UfIYBERSIZY INTELLIGENCE. OxFORD. MEAY 27. The foUowing Class-list has been issued by the Mathematical Examiners:- CLASS 1. Davey, Horace, University College. Wheeler, J. L., Worcester College. CL;SS 2. Bowden, James, University College. Thomas, David, Jesus CoUege. CLASS 3. Gauntlett, J. G., Worcester College. Hamerton, S. C., Universitv CoUege. Jackson, A. W., Worcester CoUege. CLass 4 (AllHonorary). Halcomb, Thomas IL, Brasenose College. Monkhouse, John, Queen's CoUege. Newnhamis, V. H., BaUiol CoUege. Smith, Albert, Lincoln College. Smith, WiUiam, Pembroke CoUege. Warrand, Rob. H. I, Trinity College. Earl Stanhope's prize for the best essay on a historical subject has been awarded to Mr. I. W. Henderson, L odge's Eshibitioner of University College. An exercise for the degree of Bachelor in Music was performed this day in the Music School by Mr. Stephen Hatherly. The Regius Professor of Civil law (Dr. Twiss) has given notice that the examination of candidates for the B.C.L. degree will commence at 11 o'clock on Friday, instead of at 10.
STATE OF TRADE. MANCHESTER, MiY 27. The market has been very flat and unsatisfactory. The quietness of the cotton-market at Liverpool, and evident present tendency to lower rates, has given a corresponding tone to business here, and manufacturers have been unable to make sales in any kind of cloth without some concession. Such of the manufacturers as can afford to hold appear indisposed to give way to the extent now re uired in order to secure business, entertaining an opinion that the market will recover itself as money becomes easier; but this is not the principle upon which the majority are acting. In yarns, as in cloths, very little business has been transacted, either for home consumption or export, and prices have a drooping tendency. Messrs. Jobn Slagg and Co. report:- " From Thursdav last to the close of the week there was a considerable business done in India oods, at prices slightly below those of Tuesday. To-day there is but little doing in these goods, both buyer and seller appearing to be satisfied for the present with the operations of last week, and waiting the accounts by the mail now nearly due. With regard to other descriptions of goods, the market generally is exceedingly quiet, and prices still tending dowsnwards." essrs. George FIraser, Son, and Co., say:- "There is again a very tame market to-day, the bias of prices continuing slig,htly downwiards." LEEDS, KMAY 27. There has been but a small quantity of cloth sold in the public markets here to-day, chiefly smal lots to make up stocks, or any goods suitable for the fall trade that could be purchased at a shade lower than ordinary terms. Buyers appear indisposed to purchase large quantities of woollen cloths at the prices demanded by the manufacturers, who, it is but fair to observe, say that the cost of wool quite precludes their making any abatement. 3Both the shipping houses and those confinca to the home trade are rather quiet, but an improvement sasy be expected as soon as the fall trade has fairly commenced.
SHOcKLNG CASE.-About five weeks ago the father and mother of a child named EUen Barratt, residing at Apsley Guise, a vlllage near Woburn, Beds, were committed for trial on the coroner's warrant, charged with causing the death of the child by neglect, starvation, and brutality. On Friday, in consequence of additional evidence obtained, Elizabeth Barratt, aged 29, deceased's eldest sister, was charged at the WoburnPetty Sessions with being accessory to the death. The witnesses for the prosecution were the prisoner's sisters, Charlotte Barratt, Julia Barratt, and Susannah Barratt. The lastnamed looked about 14 years old, but wAras stated to be 22. The others, though aged respectively 14 and 12, did not appear more than 7. Their evidence disclosed a continuous and almost incredible series of cruelties practised by the Drisoner and her parents on deceased and her sisters, who hiad been kept at work 14 hours a-day lacemaking, with gruel, bread and dri p ping, and some garden stuff for their food when their work was finished; but if not done they were sent to bed without supper, and had to get up early next mormin, standing naked at their work in the cold until they had finished it. Their breakfast was coffee " grouts' and a piece of bread two inches square. The prisoner had held them while the mother had put sheep and cow dung into their mouths, and the children were also made to sit with their bare flesh on thistles and nettles placed in their chairs. Numerous other cruelties were inflicted upon them. Deceased was kept two or three days without food. She died on Sunday, the 30th of March, having been kept at workeonstantlyupto5o'clockontheprevious evening. She hadnothing to eat all dayand was sentsupperlesstobed, her mother beating her all the way up stairs with her stays because she asked for something to eat. She made a noise in the night, and was again beaten by her mother, and told to lie still. She then attempted to sing a hymn, and her last words were, "Lord, Jesus! let me do my work next week." Mr. Williams, a surgeon. said that deceased's body was remarkably small and undeveloped, the face idiotic, shrivelled, and monkey-like; the stomach, which contained about an ounce of grnel, could hardly be distinguished from the continuation of the small intestines. He attributed its smtal size to constant disuse. Deceased was 12 years old, but the stomach was not bigger than that of a child at five. Her death was attributable to over-work, hard treatment, and insufficient food. Susannah Barratt, when in the workhouse, nearly doubled her weight in two months. The prisorer, who denied all the statements made by her sisters, was committed for trial. THE THru?EBOsTomPi.-The thunder storm which was briolly mentioned in T1he Times of Monday as having passed over the West Riding a day or two previously appears to have been unusuaUy -violent. The circumstance of a man having been killed by the electric fluid at Bradford-moor has already been stated. The shock apparently passed down from the breast to the right thigh, where it left a slight aperture. The chimney of the cottage was struck, the chamber floor was torn up, and the plaster ripped off the wal in several places. Nearly all the panes of glass in the windows of the house opposite were blowvn out. Several persons in the street were severely stunned. At Leeds theriver Aire became much swollen. Two youths, named Joseph Vhite, aged 15 years, and Thomas Cordingley, 10 years, got into a raft which was moored at one of the wharfs, loosened it, and floated down the stream upon it. When they had got a little distance they found themselves in a perilous position, and a person on board a vessel threw a rope to them. One of the lads seized the line, but the sudden jerk upset the raft, and they were both thrown into the river and drowned. At Woodhouse-moor a tall chimney was struck, but without doing much damage to it. PRioaEssoic HoFr3Lai's ExPEnanrsrNTs wrrT A-oMiuu.-The scientific world was last year startled by the discovery, or rather re-production, of the new metal aluminium, by M. St. Clair Deville. A scarcely less interesting series of experiments have recently been made by Professor A. W. Hoffinan, of the Government School of Mines and the Royal College of Chymistry, for the production of ammoon.um, the metaUic basis of the well-known volatile alkali. At a lecture delivered at the Royal Institution a few days since, Professor Hoffman observed that in ex:amining ammoma gas (N H 3) he found, on comparison, that it was a type of a certain class of substances, such as phosphuretted lydrogen, arseniuretted hydrogen, antimoniuretted hydrogen, &c. These differ somewhat in their physical character, but their chymical composition is identical, except that the nitrogen of the ammonia is replaced by phosphorus, arsenic, and antimony. The Professor went on to say that he had found, durinu his researches, that the hydrogen could be replaced in these several substances by an organic base equivalent to ethyle, forming with N H 3 ethylumine, diethylimine, and tetrathylimine ; and with the other substances phosphethine, arsethine and stibethine. HE found that tetrathylinine formed a salt with hydrochloric acid, equivalent to chloride of tetrathylimine. He then went on to show that anmoonimum, in combination with chlorine (N H 4 CL) corresponds with the potassium in chloride of potassium, but explained that it could not be separated as N H 4 0, or ammonia, by the oxide of silver, us potash (or the oxide of potassium) can. He demonstrated, huwever, that the ethylimine can be separated from its chSoride, and thus establishes his theore. Sir H. Davy attempted to separate ammoniun by the galvanic pile, but did not succeed until, by accident, be had some mercury at the bottom of the vessel, when he obtained an amalganation of ammonium and mercury. Left to itself, this amalgam decomposes into ammonia gas N H 3)-hydrogen and mercury, which nroves u2y that ammonium has been present. A better cvay of malking it, Professor Hoffman observed, is to decompose a solution of chloride of ammonium by an amalgam of mercury and sodium, when a double reaction takec place, producing chloride of sodium, and the amalgam of anmpaonium and quicksilver. This amialgam, -which the Professr exhibited to an admiring audience, resembles bitter, and has a strong metallic lustre. The isolation of the amnmonium in a pure state still remains to be accomplished. Professor Hoffman, who was heard with the deepest attentginr was loudly applauded at the close of his most interest- I'Oon LAW A =xDm ' r ScOMUND.-A bill brought in by Lord Dancan and the Lord-Advocate empowexa the Board.of 8upervision, with the consent of the Secretay of State, to appoint two inspectors-general of the poor in Scotland to assist in the execution of the act of Parliament. They will be entitled to execute all the Ipowers confeored by the recited Mot 9P commissione and mspectors. ~ .. r.' efsit ncrej;n a to13 6 .M.A... SURVEY or SCoTL.D.-The select committee of the House of Commons have reported that national suryey of Scotland, if conducted on prorer prmciples, will go far to reduce, i not wholly repay, fhe original cost o. publiction; {hat the expense ncurred wonarove a beneficial application of the public mon~ev mnd tbatC*oWnuel Jamnes's recomimendation8 are those which; they can szely propose for the adopti9n of the Hvqss,
SPORTING INTBLLIGACBE. EPSOM, TUESDAY. THE OPENING DAY. The prelude to the great event which is to take place this day was played with, perhaps, unusual success. Although the attendance of general conpany did not exceed an opening day's average, yet the sport was of the most interesting and attractive character. For the principal events the fields were numerically important, and in certain instances speculation was briskly pursued. The weather was warm and genial, and, in fact, throughout the day there was neither let nor hindrance to the full enjoyment of the sport. Still, by mere pleasure-folk the opening day at Epsom is invariably disregarded, and, perhaps, a large majorityof the people who visit the Downs on the Derby day scarcely recollect, until they see the result of the races in print, that there was anything to excite the curiosity or attract the attention of sporting men on the Tuesday. To speculators the first day presents attractions independent of its racing, for certain movements of deep significance with reference to the Derby are generally made. On the present occasion, although the betting was brisk and important with regard to certain horses only, yet the operations were particularly interesting. We have appended a list of the latest quotations on the Downs to our account of the proceedings, but in order that it may be the better understood a few explanations are necessary. Prior to the race for the Craven Stakes Wentworth was backed freely at 3 to 1. On the success of his stable companion-Kalipyge, however, 5 to 2 was taken to a larga amount, and afterwards 2 to 1 was booked to nearly 3,0001. about him. At last, however, 'he current offer on the field was 9 to 4. Cannobie and Fazzoletto were both weU supported at o to l each; the former, perhaps, being the better favourite of the two. A violent opposition set in against Vandermulin, who was reported "shin sore," and about whom, in fact, the most unfavourable rumours were circulated. After 5 toWl had been Laid to 3001. and to several minor sums he receded to 20 to 1 (offered.) Apropos of Vandermulin, we may state that his owner claimed the services of Bartholomew, who was also under an engagement to Mr. Bowes. After hearing evidence on both sides it was decided that Bartholomew's engagement to Mr. Bowes was fully proved. Fly-by-Night wasin considerable demand. At first 15 to 1 was booked about him to several hundred pounds. The last bet which came under our notice was 12 to 1 to 3001. 1,000 to 60 was taken 12 times about Ellington. The running of the Coroner, who has always been reported many pounds inferior to Yellow Jack, seemingly convinced those who had discredited the rumour, that the owner of the two horses was after all best acquainted with their relative merits; 40 to 1 was offered against the Coroner, while his stable companion, Yellow Jack, was advanced to 100 to 6 (taken). 3 to 1 was taken to 4001. about Scott's " lot." The other quotations, which will be found in another column, do not require comment. Subioined is a detailed account of the sport The CRAVEN STmAENS, of o sovs. each, with 60 added. Three-yr-olds, 7st. 11b; four, Sst. 71b.; five, 8st. 131b.; six and aged, 9st. Mares allowed olb., and geldings 31b. Last mile and a-quarter of the new Derby course. 17 subs. Sir J. Hawley's Kalipyge, by Bay Middleton, 3 yrs, 6st. 101b. (Salter) ... ... ... .. ... ... 1 Mlr. Howard's Coroner, 3 yrs, 7st. Ilb. (Fordham) ... 2 Mr. T. Parr's Saucebox, 4 yrs, 8st. 7nb. (wells) ... ... 3 The following also ran:- Lord Glasgow's San Francisco, 3 vrs, 7st. llb. (Bates). Mr. J. M. Stanley's Porto Rico, 3 yrs, 7st. Ilb. (Hearnden). MIr. Way's Comedy, 3 yrs, 6st. 101b. (Cresswell). Captain Christie's Defiance, 6 yrs, 9st. (W. White). Mr. R. E. Cooper's Lymington, 4 yrs, 8st. 41b. (White. house). MIr. Harland's Mirage, 3 yrs, 6st. 101b. (Mundy). Baron Rothschild's Baroneino, 4 yrs, 8st. 71b. (Charlton). Captain Vhite's Falstaff, 3 yrs, 7st. llb. (T. Cliff). Mr. Dawson's, Bobby B., 3 yrs, Gst. 101b. (Bullock). Lord Clifden's Melissa, 3 yrs, 6st. 101b. (Crouch). Betting.-S to 4 agst Kalipyge, S to 1 each agst Saucebox and the Coroner, 100 to S each agst Porto Rico, Melissa, and Falstaff. The race was virtually a match between Coroner and Kalipyge. lKalipyge made all the running. Coming round the turn Coroner took second place, but failed in his effort to catch Kalipyge, who won very cleverly by two lengths. Twenty lengths between the second and third. The WOODCOTE STAEs of 10 sovs. each, with 100 added, for 2-yr-olds; colts, &-s. 7b. ; fillies, 8st. 41b. The second to receive 25 sovs. out of the stakes. New T.Y.C. (threequarters of a-mile). 41 subs. Mr. J. Barnard's Commotion, by Alarm, Sst. 71b. (D. Hughes) .. . . .... .. ..1 Mr. E. Parr's Lanbourn, 8st. nb. (Flatman) 2 Mr. T. Parr's Apathy, 8st. 7Tb. (Wells) ... 3 The following also ran:- Colonel James' John Peel, Sst. 71b. (Kendall). Captain Christie's The Abbot, Sat. 71b. (T. Cliff). Yr. J. Clark's c. by Epirus, - Elcot's dam, 8st. 71b. (G. Whitehouse). Sir W. Codrington's Hobgoblin, Mst. 7Tb. (A. Day). Mr. Douglas's l'inwald, 8st. 71b. (Fordham). Lord Glasgow's c. by Hernandez, - Physalis, Sat. 71b. (Alderoft). MIr. Gulliver's Salonica, 8st 71b. (Yates). Baron Rothschild's Electra, 8st. 41b. (0harlton). Mr. Sherwood's Fright, 8st. 7Tb. (R. Sherwood). Lord Anglesey's Cedric, 8st. 71b. (G. Manu). 3Mr. E. R. Clark's Brother to Mr. Sykes, 8st. 71b. (J. Dockeray). Mr. Howard's Martinet, Sst. nb. (J. Goater). Betting.-6 to 4 on Lambourn, 6 to 1 agst Commotion, 8 to leach agatElectra and Apathy,12to 1 each agst John Peel and Physalis colt. Won cleverly by a neck;* threelengths between the second and third. John Peel, Martinet, and Brother to Mr. Sykes were the next three. The HonTox STAnns, of o sovs. each, with 30 added, for 2-yr-old's and upwards. Optional selling weights. New T.Y.C. (three-quarters of a mile). 9 subs. MIr. Evans's Eardrop, by Conyngham, 3 yrs (401.), 6at. Sib. (Prior)... ... ... ... . 1 Mr. Bevill's Consternation, 3yrs (401.), 6st. Sib. (Mus- grove) ... .. ... .. ... .. ... 2 Mr. James Evans's Sextus, G yrs (501.), 8st. 51b. (Ennis) 3 The following also ran:- Mr. Armstrong's Alcyone, 4 yrs (601.) Sst. 21b. (Sly). Mr. Samwell's Usurer, 4 yrs (401.), 8st. (KendaU). 3Mr. Dawson's Caledonian, 3 yrs (401.), 6at. 131b. (Bates). Mr. Mellish's Van Brackel, 3 yrs (401.), 6at. 131b. (Quinton). Mr. E. R. Clark's BiBlingham, 5 yrs, (401.), Sst. 21b. (Snowden). Betting.-6 to 4 on Eardrop, 6 to 1 agst Van Brackel. The favourite made all the running and won in a canter by five lengths; a length between the second and third. The winner was bought in for 1001. The EPsoas SMMn HA.NDIcAIP of 10 sovs. each, h. ft., with 100 added; the winner of any race (matches excepted) after the weights were published, 51b. extra. The second to save his stake. One mile and a quarter. 29 subs. Mr. Adkins's Flatterer, by Hetman Platoff, 4 yrs, 7st. 91b. (Prior) ... ... ... .. ... ... 1 Sir C. Monck's Vindex, 6 yrs, 8st. 121b. (Bartholomew) 2 Lord Anglesey's Blue Bell, 3yrs, 5st. 41b. (Hibberd) ... 3 The following horses also ran:- Mr. Morris's Gamekeeper, 4 yrs, 7st. 91b. (Mundy). Mr. Sherwood's Roebuck, 5 yrs, 7st. 41b. (D. Hughes). Mr. J. Brown's c. by Ratan- Alice, 3 yrs, 5st. 91b. (Ford- ham). Mr. H. Lane's Joshua, 4 yrs, 6st. 121b. (Quinton). Captain Christie's Kestrel 3 yrs, 5st. 101b. (J. Walters). Betting.-7 to 4 agat Alice colt, 4 to 1 agst Gamekeeper, 5 to1agst Blue BeU, 6 tol1agst Vindes, S tol1agat Joshua, 100 to 12 agtst Flatterer. Won by a neck, the second beating the third four lengths. Joshua was fourth. The HEATHCOTE PLATE, of S0 sovs, 2-yrolds, ast. 121; - 3-yr-olds, 7st. 101b. ; 4-yr-olds and upwards, Sat. 7ib.; mares allowed alb. and geldings 31b. Half-a-mile. Mr. Y. :King's Flacrow, by Archy, 4-yrs, Sat. 71b. (Charlton) ... ... ... ... ... ,. 1 Captain Christie's Cores, 3-yrs, 7st. S1b. (T. Cliff) .. 2 Mr. Mannington's Maid of Athens, 2-yrs, 5st. 7Tb. (Ford- ham) . .. ... ... .. ... .. 3 MI. W. Day's St. Giles, 2-yrs, 5st. 121b. (libberd) ... 4 Mrs. Osbaldeston's The Pony, 2-yrs, 5st. 121b. (Morris) S Betting.-5 to 1 on Flacrow, 7 to I agst Ceres, 10 to 1 agzt Maid of Athens. Won by three lengths, half a length between the second and third, and two lengths between the third and fourth. Ponuy was beaten a loag way. The .&ANOR PLATE (Handicap) of SO sovg., for all ages. The winner of any race (matches excepted), after the weights were published, 51b. extra. One mile. Mr. Sargen-t's Rip Van Winkle, 3 yrs, 6st. 121b. (Fordham) ,.. ... ... ... ... ... I Colonel James's Tom Burke, 4 yrs, St. 121b. (Kendall) 2 Mr. B. Lands Englemere, 4 yrs, 7st. lllb. (J, Land) ... 3 Betting.-6 to 4 eu Rip Van Winkle, 2 to 1 agst Tom Burke. The favourite made the running, and after a fine race from the distance with Toer Barke he won by lmlf a length. A length between tLhegecond and third. LATEST BETTING (11 TERE DOWNS. DERBY. 9 to 4 agst Wentworth (4ken and offered). a - 1 - Cannobie (takenj 5 - 1 -Farazoletto (taken). 8 - 1 - Aillery (taken). 12- 1-Fly-by-Night (taken). .100- 6 Yellow Jack (taken). 100 - 6- Ellngton (taken). 25- 1 - Bird-in-Hand (taken. 1 - Mr. Verdant Green itaken). 30 - I - ack (taken). 30- 1- Bay HlBton (taken. 33- 1-The Prince (taken. 40 - 1 -Rogerthorpe (offered). :40 - 1- Cotswold (taken). 40 - 1 - Coroner (offered). 3 - 1 - WoW Iot (taken). 2 to 1 aget Mincepie (taken). DERBY IS57. 10,000 to 300 agst Blink Bonny (taken). 4,000 - 100 --Bel Oiseanu (taken). THE DERBY. The race wil take place at 3 o'clock. The following is a list of the proba;ble starters and jockeys:- Wentworth ... ... ... A. Day. Cannob;e . .. ... Terapleman. Fazzoletto ... ... ... Flatnan. Vandermulii ... .. Charlton or J. Dockeray. Artillery . . .. Basham. Fly-by-Night .. .. Bartholomew. Lllington . . Aldcroft. Yellow Jack Wells. Bird-in-Hand ... ... J. Osborne. Rogerthorpe ... ..S. Rogers. fr. Verdant Green ... J. Mann. Puck ... ... ... Quinton. Bay Hilton ... ... AshmalL Newmgton ... ... T. Sherwoed. Aitrologus ... ... ... G. Mann. Cotswold ... ... ... Sly. Pretty Boy ... ... ... J. Forster. Coroner ... ... Leamington ... The Prince . . B.. Sherwood. Dramatist ...... E. Sharpe. reter- Wilkins .. .. Porto Rico ... ... ... Forbidden Fruit .... J. Holmes. Aleppo.. J. Mason. Mark Foulis ... Yates. Wandering Willie VISIT OF PRINCE ALBERT AND THE PRINCE OF PRUSSIA. Yesterday Mr. Dorling was honoured with an intimation that it was the intention of his Royal Highness Prince Albert and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, with their suite, to be present at the races this day. The Prince of Prussia was at E1psom about three years ago, but the Prince Consort has not witnessed the race for the Derby since " Little Wonder's year," when he presented a whip to Mcdonald, the rider of the winner.
SHIP NEWS. LTVERPOOL. MAYA 25 Sailed.-the Imperial, for St. John's, Newv Brmusvick. MAY 26. The Lydia, from Charleston, arrived here, reports-May 10, in lat. 33 N., long. 5W W., passed the huil oi a vessel, about 200 tons, burnt to the water's edge. Arrived.-TheW.ar Eagle, fromBombay-thefR. Batteraby, from Calcutta-the Theka Smif, from Mraoa-bo-the Ashland from-New Orleans-the Magnetn from Mobile-tho Wild Wave, from S-rnathe lIor, from Requeiada-the Don Juan, from L n Bso-the Skiddee, from Alexandria-the tmercuris, from Dordt-the Johannes Bertha, from amsterdam-the iLemath, from Dantaiz. Sailed.-The Trevartha, for Zurickzee - the ACm, for Ran-a-the arlofEWrrolm forNantes. hAw 2?. Wind, N.WV. Arrived.i-The Corge Washington, froh New Orlean-the Hfelen from Savannah-the Pernande2i from Lisbon-the Bomnie Dundee from Gergenti-the steamer Calpe, from Palerao-the Princess Royl from Pars-the St. avrenee, from Jamaica-the eope-on, from Santander-the Nova Unaio, from Aveiro. Off.-The Eu, Osiungorm, Sir Robert Campbell, Come-on, Elizabeth Conwary SuPerb, and tho EllenStnart. Saile.-The Echo, for Labrador-the frederick Wlohelm. for Dank tic-the haint iunter, for Alexandria-the ,includen, for Valparaiso -the Fortitude, for Rotterdam-the Antarctic, for Nfewf York-the Calypso, for Me0mel-the Watchwrord, for Porto Rico. Lonox;, May 27.-Wind at noon, S. W.; moderate breeze, and fins. Arvou, May 25.-Arrived the Superior, fromDragomestre, foremast sprung-the Fluke, from SyAa-the Hannah, from Salonica-cho ErbronesinatFrederick August fromGala-z-the E obinsonr, from Giergeatl-the Vietoria, from Leghorn-the Hebe, from atatanal, for orders-the steamer Ondine, from Dubli. Sailed, the Antelope, for Altena. hay 2G.-Wind, S.W.-Arrivedoff the port the Beduiuor from Gallivoli, for orders, and sailed for Cronstart. Arrived, the Sur- bass, fromAthena-the Galatea, from Constantinople-the Jane, from j beville-theHlelsingoer. from Auxs Cayes, alU for ordersThe steamer Syaen, from Liverpool for Bermuda. Saloed, the steamer Ondine, for london. 7 nE0p.m W Mfay 2G.-A large vessel, with ofly nizenmast st.aing, wan passed Aprile1 in lat. S5tN., long. T3 1V. lownforr, Miay 2G.-The Ann, of London, from Goolhe fori ondon, has put in here, making three feet of water per homr, harin been on Seroby Sand. GDtA END, My 27. (By SuaaisrAm-znn EsD uRmsa TErA:oPnn.) (From Lloyd's.) 930 a.m.-Wind, W.S.W.; tide, three hous' ebb; Sac. Arrived.-The Oliver, from B ierteminde-the Dordogne, from Gijon -the Enike Iad Sophia, from tAhreus-tho Catherine Jameson, from Barbadoes-the Jobannes, fromu alborg-th EbbgaFrederika, from addewsala-the Merchantfman, from Shanghni-the Royal Sovereign, from Crharente. Sailrd.-The Brilliant, for Fort PhiUip-the Princ Alfred, for Sydney. 1 p.m,-Wmd, W.S.W.; tide, low water: fine. Arrived-The Crouch Brothern from Portlond-bay-the Gotten .burg, from Constantinople-rho steamer Rib, from Hamburg. Sailed.-The steamer Albion, for Boulogne 3 p.m.-Wmid, S.W.; tide, two hors' flood; we ather Sace. No arrivals. 730 p.m-Wind, S.W.; tide, highv.ater; Safo. Arrived.-The Nle, from Whampoa-the Stolpe, from Dantdig-the American Packet, from Dram-the Muystery, from tisbon-the Edoline, from Wellbi-the 3Fro, from Chareote-the Nautilus, from Triestce-the corn, from Buenos Ayres-the Maary- Grace, from Havre. hoilrom-The Coliingwoor, for Adelaide-the Vlctory, for Geelondthe Suffolk, fortBuenos Ayres-the Lyoford, for St. Ymcent's. DEAL., MAYs 27. (BY SuntAlns .enn BRritan TrurostArse. (From Lloyd's] a.m.--Wind, W.; light and Sac. Passed.theIsle of Wight on the 2ithl.-The Catherine, from AntHerp for New York, seven days ont, all well-theVrdgtnia,fromLisbon for Gottenburg. PArsedi-The adAgco from HavannO h for London-the Gastav Adolph, from Buenos hyres for Antw.erp-the bark Acorn, from tho westward for the north. Noon.-Wind, W.S.W.; moderate. Passema-The Osbion, from Alexandria for London. Anchored.-The Javam, from Amsterdam for Batavia. The James Gibb, from Bombay for London, pased in tow ofthe tug Secret, reports-" At 2 a.m., off Fairlie, weather foggy, came into col- isTon with the hark ADnes; carried awoay jibboom, cutw1ater, anfifigur head; w;as in contact about three-qarters of an hour." TheAgnes, iromiondon forJamaipar put hack, reports-"At 2 a.m. thin day, rl into by the James Gibb, off Eairie, and received considerable damage; making no wvater." 2 pam.-WInd, SW. moderat. PTahedi-Ths Uabion, from Hohart Town for London. hnehored.-TheRnbens,from London for the Manritlus-ths brig Romley, from the north for tho west-the shlip MElton, from London for the westward-the W. Bayly, from London for lgos Boy-the Emerald, from hondonfor Cardiff. 7l30 p.m.-Wi.d, W.; Lght. Pssed.-The Hereford,hire, from Gibraltar forB ondon, in toW-the Herald, from the Mqeditrranean for Cronstadt. Arrived and Anchored.-The Otilhia from London for CaUaso-the St. John, fromBLondon for Quebec-the WVilton, from London for Jamaica-the Osbert, from London for Barbadacs-the Lera, from Rotterdam for Batavia. VESSaEIS SeorER Wi. The bark Grace, in .t. 37 N.. long. 14 W The ark Prima Donna, of Londondermy, Maty19, 12 mies W. of Tryd Islande. oL1 f h aeso eluc60mls TheAna, repairing foremast April15, inlat.4bN.. Iong. 23W. TheshipElizabeth of and for arseilles, from Pondiheray, 25oh. inLat.18N., long. 30yWt TheAdsitr 6eam-transport No. 92), Mfay 9, off Cape Trafalgar, standing castwvrd T.hos E liso Caroline, from Cae for Cork, April 2, in lot. 2SS., The brig Diamond, from Belfast for Cork; May 11, in lot. 42 X,. The Hielsn. from Iquique. for London. M3yOG. The American ship Ashland, from Newv Orleaus for Liverpool, APril 2& in lat. 26N., long. 795.. o Exchange. from1 avanna for Iiverpool, inlat. 33 N.alonge W_, with cargo of the Anna Tilt, condemnedl at Eavanna. The American ships WYeetmoreland and Tonawanda. both from Philadelphia for l.iverpool, B. of the Capes of Delawa2re G0 miles. The Odin, fromBLiverpool for Pernambuco, April 22, inlot.IN.,, leng. 24 W. The Elnma, of Shields, from lIavanmah for Fatmout4 Mfay 5, in lst. 3SSN., .ong. Iba1. The bar; MIary Ann, of L ondon;derry, from Now Ordeans for flyerpool, April 21., in 1st. 46 N., long. 43W1V The LB^ydia, from Charicsten for Liverpool, Mfay 3, in lot. 35 N., Thte O0rientalI, fom Boston for Sydney, New South Wales, April I, The ship 31arathen, steering E., April 26, in 1st. 2G, long. 75 HIGH WA:TER AT LONDON-BRIDG-E THfIS DAY. Mforaine .. 12 min. after S81 Afternoon .. 54 min. after S
rAdvertisement.}_-Mr. Bentley har this day, published "T e Crown Ward," a historical novel, by Archibald Boyd, author of "The Duchess." JThe Cardinal ;" 3 vol Also, "The Old Gray Chur-ch." a rovel by tho author of " Trevelyan" "iriage in P b igh lLife ;" 3 vol. AlsEo, a cecond edition of "Clara, or Slave-Life iD Europe," 3 vole. Mr. Bcntley v,ill shortly publish novels by Charles Iteade, author of "Christie Jobastonle'" Shirley Brooks, author of "ASspen Court;" and by all the most eminent wvriters of Jiction of the day. [A^,dvertisement.]-" The sorrows of Gentility," by Mii3s Jewsbaury. 2 vols., just publshed. " This is an excellent production, full of spirit, energy and right feeling. It brings life before us in a natural tuanmer, and demonstrateg suesesfully- the vayring grades of folly, affeetation, vanity. and selfishnss: at the same time we are Ftawn the bright side of the case, and eamyples appear of kindness. thoughtfulness, and generosity. The readeesattention ig rivetted and his interest aitaiued by the way in which the events are deseribeL The style is spskljugand brilliant, and fom its merit iu design sud skil in execution, its interest as a tale, and its deduction as a moral, this novel will, doubtless, be welcomed as a favouriwe."-Sun. [Adverti[ement.-" The Queen v. Palner."-The only Verbatim Report of the Proceeedings in this important Trial is printe;l fro,s the sborthand noteg of> Jr. Angelo Bennett of Boll'-chamber4, ChaniJery-lane, price 2e. Thie 1tion contains the Speeches of Counsri, the ,mdenco given in the fernS C ,question aud aswer,, the Simming-up os Lord Campbell, and the Vleniit. London: J. Allen 2X, Warwick-lane, Patereoster-row:. Coeksw and Yate, Horsesae. court, Luds-hiD.-2.6 postage stanps to gber ofithelpubliees, haill xecure copies Postf*ee.-On2y llmited n, t QnfOhiEs tand-d work are printed. t.ive yGll Qrdf i at ocue,
IRELAND. (FRO1M OTTT OWN (OlR] 3 D1UBLIN, TuzSDAY Moms%mG. THE TIPP3ERRY BANK. There seems to be no prospect of the end of litigation in the case of the unfortunate Tipperary Bank. Nearly every one of the superior courts has in turn had its motion or motions, aud its array of lawyers and agents, whose united fees and costs foreshadow fearful inroads on the dividend that will ultimately fall to the share of the unhappy creditors. Yesterday the case of "M'lDowell(officialmanager) v. Robert Keating, MY.," was argued in the Common Pleas before the Chief-Justice and Judges Ball and Eeogh, when counsel for the plaintiff moved to set aside the plea filed by the defendant in this case as embarrassing. The action was brought against MIr. Keating to recover upwards of 4,0001. which he had overdrawn his account, and the plea filed was, in effect, an admission of the debt-an admission that the plaintiff was duly appointed official manager of the bank under the Winding-up Act, with power to sue, but that he could not legally sue the defendant in the present case, inasmuch as the Tipperary JointStock Bank was- a bank which came within the provisions of the 33d of George II., and the proceedings to wind up its affairs ought to have been instituted by a bill in Chancery under that statute. For the defendant counsel subrnitted thattheplea was good, andraiseda most important question, wvhich was, in fact, decided in the case of "Fausset v. Hodges" (3d Irish Eq. Rep.), in which proceedings were taken against the Agricultural Baik. The Court was of opinionthat a most serious and iportant question wvas raised, and said they would give the parties an opportunity of discussing it, and also trying the case, by making an order |that the plaintiff should be at liberty both to reply and demur. In the course of the discussion it was stated by counsel at one side that the official manager hoped soon to be able to declare a dividend, if not impeded by vexatious litigation; while on the other side it was asserted, that the idea of a dividend was wholly imaginary, as the official manager had no later than the previous Saturday made a call on a shareholder of 401. on each share. Notice of appeal to the Master of the Rolls against the decision of the Master in Chancery in the case of theEnglish shareholders has been served, and the hearing. it is believed, -will come on before the close of the present week. ENCUIiBERED ESTATES COURT. It is stated that it will be necessary to dispose of a portion only of the Galway estates of MIr. WVilliam Henry Gregory, who is himself the petitioner in the matter, and who has brought them into the market with a view of paying off the mortgages on the. property, which were, with a slight exception, inherited byhim. The rest of the estate is settled on his successor. TH1E FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 933 ; ditto, for account, 9th of June, 93X 4; Newv Three per Cent. Stocks, 93f I - ditto, for account, 9th of June, 93i 94; Hibernian Bank, 32; Grand Canal Company, l84 ; Mining Company of Ireland, 14Q. Railwayn-Cork'and Bandon, 9.; Cork, Blackrock, and Passage, 131; Dublin and Belfast Junction (for account), 43@; Dbalin and Drogheda New Shares, thirds, 21N; Dublin and Wicklow, 56 j; Dundalk and Ennis- . len,132; Great Southern and Western, 53 ; Midland Great Western -and Royal Canal, o1 ; ditto, Half-shares, 25.h; Waterford and Kllkenny Nevw 6 per Cent. Preference, 21 i.
NAVAL AvD ILITARY INTBLLIGENCB. The steam-transport Orinoco, KNo. 21S, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning from the East with troops. She left Scutari at 6 p.m. on the 13th of May, and Malta on the 17th. On the 15th, in lat. 36 23, long. 22 4, she passed the steam-transport Trent and the steamer NTewhaven, with No. 80 transport in tow; on the 22d, off Enropa- Point, she exchanged colours -with the screw steam-transport Charity, standing eastward; on the 23d, off Cape St. Vincent, passed Her Majesty's ship Transit. The Orinoco has brought home the following officers, men, and horses of the 1st Royal Dragoons:-Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Wardlaw; Captains Michael Stocks, John C. Davenport, James Ainslie, Walter J. Coney, and St. John W. C. Charlton; Lieutenants T Keane Fitzgerald, Richard George Glyn, Gilbert AL Robertson, John G. Sandeman, Henry F. G. Coleman, William Edmund Cnrtis, and J. Gordon Graham; Paymaster Henry Dixon; Lieutenant-Adjutant John Lee; Assistant-Surgeon Henry Sherlock-; Quartermaster William Scott; Veterinary-Surgeon Cherry, 411 men, and 241 horses; also, Lieutenant E. B. Cunliffe, 40 men, and 5 -horses of the 6th Dragoon Guards; 1 man of the 3d Light Dragoons; 1 man and 3 horses of the 12th Lan cers; 1 man and 1 horse of the 5th Dragoons. Colonel Stirling, Assistant-Adjutant-General; LieutenantColonel Warre, 57th Regiment; Mfajor King, Ensign Bicknell, 63d; Staff-Assistant-Surgeons Atlinson and Grant, and a large quantity of cavalry camp equipage. The following were passengers :-The Rev. Mr. M'Dougal, Mrs. M'Dougal, two children, and servant; Civil-Surgeons Fraser and Knight, and four private seavants. The Orinoco went into Portsmouth harbouryesterday afternoon to prepare for landing her troops this morning. Her Majesty's steam-sloop Bulldog, 6, Commander A. C Gordon, returned to Spithead on Monday night from Plymouth. Her Majesty's screw-corvettes Tartar, 21, CaptainDunlop, andCossack, 21, Captain Cockburn, returned to Spithead on Monday night from a cruise. Her Majests ship Coquette, 6, despatch ganvessel, Commander Risk, left Spithead on the night of lMonday for a crmse. Her Majesty's steam-yacht Fairy was taken into dock at Portsmouth on Monday evening for repairs, and the troop frigate Megxera taken out after refit. Her Majestys screw-sloop Falcon, 17, Commander Campion, left Spithead yesterday morning for the West India station. Her Majestys screw corvette Conflict, 8, Commander Cochran, left Spithead yesterday maorning for the Mediterranean station. The steam-transport Sirla, Nlo. 118, Captain Thomas B. Russell, arrived at Spithead yesterday afternoon from Scutari and Malta with Brigadier-General Lord George Paget, Lady Paget, and Captain. Martin, A.D.C.; six men and seven horses of the 4th (Queen's Own) Dragoons; also Colonel Jones and servant, Major Custance; Captains Forster, Pmnckney, Dixon, and Wardlaw; Lieutenants Bott, Betty, and Curtis; Paymaster Sewell, AssistantSurgeon MIoore, Veterinary-Strgeon Owles, 255 men and 27 horses of the 6th Dragoon Guards; also IMIajor Burton, C.B., Captain Halford, Lieutenants Ferguson and Fitzgerald, Cornet Hibbert, Assistant-Surgeon Cassel, 10 men, 180 horses, and one woman of the 5th Dragoon Guards; Lieutenant Murray, Yeterinary-Surgeon Hurford, 27 men, and 53 horses of the 12th Lancers; Lieutenant HIenry, of the 72d Regiment; Lieutenants Harrison and Staines, of the 62d; Quartermaster (and Lieutenant) Connell, of the 4th Regiment; Staff:Surgeon Foote and servant; lMr. R. S. Ebben and Mr. J. Whiting, of the Army Works Corps. Mr. F. Morgan, ditto; lfr. Gilroy, Assistant-Surgeon White, and Dr. Dee, of the Turkish Contingent; Mr. Groghan and James Carruthers, &c. In all, 34 first-class, 2 second-class; 5 servants, 1 woman, 409 soldiers, and 267 horses. An Admiralty order arrived at Sheerness yesterday for the under-mentioned g=nboats and mortar-vessels to be dismantled:-The Bullfog, Lieutenant Commander Corn[wallis W. Martin; the Hasty, Lieutenant Commander William Menzies; the Herring, Lieutenant-Commander Louis Geneste (late prisoner of war, taken at the Haego massacre); the Griper, Lieutenant-Commander Mlorgan Singer; the Thrasher, Lieutenant-Commander George L. Sullivan; the Julia, Lieutenant-Commander C. IL Clutterbuck; the Sepoy, Lieutenant-Commander Henry N. ]Knox; the Manly, Lieutenant-Commander William Arthur; the Misletoe, Lieutenant-Comrmander Frederick Harvey; the Mastiff, Lieutenant-Commander William F. Johnson; the Spey, and the Cochin. Also the mortar-vessels Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 17, 32, 33,34, 46, and 48. The new despatch screw steamvessel Vigilant, Commander William Armytage, is to be fitted at Sheerness with all possible despatch for the East Indies. The screw steam-transport Derwent, No. 241,. has discharged the whole of her cargo at Woolwich, consisting of field-battery trains, &c., and was yesterday paid out of the service. One hundred shot cleaners have this week been discharged from Woolwich Arsenal, and a small reduction has likewise taken place in the carriage department. Sir C. Wood, Admiral Eden, and Colonel Green, RIE., paid an official visit to Woolwich dockyard yesterday, for the purpose of making decisive arrangements as to the dizposal of tlle gunboats and mortar loats. The following appointments wvere ruade yesterd-y at the Admoiralty :-ieutenant G. A. Douglas to the Majestic; the Rev. William 3C. Jolley, chaplain to the Illustrious;John Nobk, assistant-surgeon (confirmed) to the Majestic; William WY. B]aney, clerk; to the?Yulture.- On Mfonday 18 officers, 30 sergeaute, and 420 privates of the County Down Idilitia arrived in Dublin from the Cur1agh, and proceeded to Armagh. - !n Mfonday 20 officers, 27 sergeants, and 48br;vates be]ongf,sg to the Royil Cgunberland Mlilitia embarked aox the N9fth-wa1}1 Dublin1 on bw.rd the Tynewldd, for Carlisle.
THE -PUBLIC HEAZTH. (From the Registrar-Genersa's Wee&ly Return).. In the week that ended on Saturday, the deaths of 565 males and 476 females, in all 1,041 persons, were ere in Iondon. In the corresponding weels of the 10 yeas 1846-55 the average number of deaths was 988. If this is raised in a certain proportion for comparison with the deaths of last week which occurred in an increasedp_pb tion, it becomes 1,087. The jgures shov that fre rate of mortality last week was slightly below the average. Zymotic or epidemic diseases produced in the aggrega,e 223 deaths, while the corrected average of corr,pu weel;s in previous years is 242- Typhus continues to be more fatal than any other epidemic, but the mortality under any head in this class is not excessive. It s stated in last return that the deaths from typhus had iisen to 76;theyhave declinedto 57. Of these 57 cases, 5 occurred n the Central division, 6 in the Western, 12 in the Northern. 19 in the Eastern, and 15 on the South side of the river. Five men died of typhus in St. Luke's Workhouse (situated in Horton 2New Town) between the 14th and 22d inst. inclusive. The registrar, M1r. -AnSe remar,s that three of these were broughtin inadyingstate, and that the disease is "very bad" in the workhouse at present. . painter was found dead on the 4th of May, at 28, Norfolk-place, Shoreditch,-a house which, according to the coroner's jury, who held an inquest on the body, contained at that time 26 persons. it is stated by the Regis. trar that this man's wife and 6 children lay ill of fever in the same room, but that they have since been removed. Nilne children and 7 adults died of smalpox; 27 children and a person about 30 years old, of measles; 33 persons of scarlatina; 11 of diarrhcea; 28 of cancer; 5 of hernia; 3 of intussusception; 1 of spleen disease; 2 of intemperance; 5& of delirium tremens; an artist's colourman, aged 42 years, of colica pictonum. The widow of a tailor died in the Tailors' Asylum, Eaverstock-hill, and a labourer died in Lambeth, the former at 91 years of age, the latter at 92, being the two oldest persons mentioned in the returns for the week. Iast week the births of 8t;9 boys and 895 girls, in all 1764 children, were registered in London. In the 10 corresponding weeks of the years 1846-55 the average number was 1,442. Atthe Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean heihit of thebarometerin the week was 29'564in. The highest read. ing in the week was 2 99in. on Tuesday. The mean tem. perature of the week was 53-', which is 0 9' below theaverage of the same week in 3S years. The mean temperature was below the average on every day except Tuesday and Wednesday, whenitwasslightlyabove thc average. Tho. highestreadingof thethermometerinthe weekwas70,which occurredon Wednesday ; the lowest was 41', andit occurred on the same day. The highest reading in the sun occurred on Tuesday, and was 96'. The mean dew-point temperatureo of the week was 45'8, and the difference betweenthis and themean air temperature was 7-3'. The temperature of thez water of the Thames ranged from 52'7', the lowest at the beginning of the week to 59 4, the highest at the end; ancl the mean was. 55S8. The wind blew generally from tho, south-west. Rain fell to the amount ot 10OSin., of which 0'26in. fell on Sunday (the 18th), and 0'6Sin. on Thursday. There were showers both of hail and rain on several days.
CITY COMISSION OF SEWER. Yesterday a Court was held at GuDdhalL Deputy PpACocK;, the chairman, stated that a denutation from the Court had waited upon Lord Palmerstoiand SirGeorge Grey upon the subject of the difficulty connectei with the opening of the new City Cemetery, and he felt. much satisfaction in stating that there was reason to beievathat the differences which had led to the delay would hespeedily settled. TAE SAuTANRy STA&TE OF THE CITY. Dr. Letheby, the medical officer of health, presented. the following reportonthe condition of some of the habita.- tions in his extensive district of the metropolis:- " In accordanco with the instructions I received from the Court on Tuesday last, I beg to submit my report on thecondition of the honses in Plumtree-court, Holborn. " The court is situated on the south side of Holborn, aid it extends from Shoe-lane to within a few yards of Farring- don-street. Its length is abouat 240ft., and the width varies. fromn 12ft 9in., which is the average width of the widest porton, to 5ft., which is the narrowest. There are 25houses in the court, and they are mostly three stories high, with very ema.ll hack-yards. In many cases there are not. any yards at alL. Each house is occpied by many tenants, and in some instances there are two or three families in one room. In fact, the locality has been for a- long time past a sort of colony for the most desti1tutte of the poor. I have visited the court on several occasions, buAt I took the opportunity of seemg~ itearly on WVednesday morning, in company w ith the uniUon medical officer, Mr. Digby, who kindly undertook to point - out the localities in which disease had been most prevalent. Wearrived atthe court before the occupants were out of their beds, and the sickening odour which pervaded thelower rooms of most of the houses was almost overpowering. At lNo. 28, on the ground floor, there was a small frontroom having an area of about 700 cubic feet, in which there were two wretched beds, from which five adults and four children had just arisen behind this was another darkden, of 640 cubic feet in area, on the floor of -which there were three heaps of rags, where two men, one woman, and. two children were then lying. They were huddled together without the smallest regard to decency, and I was informed that they were chance lodgers. The landlord himself was one of the occupants of this miserable abode. The other rooms of the house were in a similarly wretched state, and for the accommodation oft the many families which tenanted them there was but one vatercloset, in a small back yard, which was so abominably filthy that I could not approach it. No. 6. The single room which formed the ground floor had an area of 98Z cubic feet. In this there were three beds lying on the floor, upon which two men, five women, and five ceildren had been sleeping. In another smal room at the top of the house there were two wretched families of six individuals, who had taken. their night's rest upon a heap of shavings. The room was destitute of every article of furniture. At No. 9, which is a house of 15 rooms, the largest of which is only 826 cubic feet, there were 67 occupants, consisting of 14 men, 26 women, and 27 children. In two of the rooms the poor creatures were wholly destitute, and they were taking their rest upon the bare floor. This house was so overcrowded that the average cubic space per individual was only 175 cubic feet; in one room it was only 86&; and in another 933. lNo. 24, which is a small house of thre,stories in heigiTt, with four rooms, contained 40 individuals, consisting of 18 adults and 22 children. It has no back yard, and the ventilation is most imperfect. I mightin this way describe to you the miserable condition of' every house in the court, but I am quite sure that I have presented to your notice a sufficient body of facts to indicate the necessity for your interference in the matter, and for the adoption of some means whereby the habit.s of the poor may be more healthfully regulatedL I have long thought that one of the greatest boons that could be conferred upon these the poorest of our fellow citizens would bo the bringing within their reach the means of enjoyiagmorecleanly, more deccnt, andmorehealthful habitations than are now at their disposal. What with sanitary regulations and street imnrovements, we are daily breaking up the old haunts of t e poor, and, as it were# narrowing the circle within which they are confined. little by little are thus thickening the density of the untouched localities, until they become, lke this of Plum. tree-court, the very hotbeds of pestilence and immorality. It. must, I ima.gine, also occur to all who reflect upon tle con.- dition of things, that itis awise, a rational, and Imay mayalso, a merciful consideration, to think howv provision can be made for the dwelling of the poor man, before weproceed to demolish those places in which he has hithertofoundhis home. I do notwish to trespasslong on matterswhich do not strictly pertain to the duties of my office, but I cannot avoid the remark that, as long as the poor of thI; greatmetropois are driven to herdto"ether as they now do, whilethey are the victims of unfeehug landlords, and the denizens of the wiretched hovels which they now inhabitwhile they are removed from the influence of every regulation, sanitary or moral-while, in fact, they hold the faith that crime and disease and soualor are their inheritance, we can never expect to see them rising above their present miserable condition, nor can we ever hope to find that education, with all its power, can have any influence upon the minds of the who are too ready to receive the stronger and earlier impressions of vice. That which has already struck my attention during my visits to such localities as these has beenthe fact that young children are, fma their very infancy, made familiar with the worst scenes of dissipation and immaoralty; for to be kept in idle. ness, and to witness day by day the conduct of those who have no regard for the commonest decencies of life, is to insure another generation of criminals, whose habits may be even worse than those of tLeir predecessors. " But to come back to the questionbefore us. I believe it is the duty of landlords to look into the habits of their tenants; and as nearly all the houses in Plumtree-court strictly come within the meaning of the term lodgiaghouses, I beg leave torecomrnendthat the beatoncesubjected tothe rules and regulations of common logginghouses, which were reported upon by you on the 16th of ?darch, 1852; and that notice be given that, whenever more than one family occupy a room together, the number of inmates shall be limited to the area of 300 cubic feet as a sninim7um for each adult; and that not more than two persons over 14 years of age, if of different sexes, shall inhabit any one room at the same time. "I I have further to recommend that all the dlwelling houses throughout the court be put into repair and be cleansed andlimewashed throughout. "I have the honour to remain your obedient sernant, " HENRY LETBEBY, &LB., "edical OfficerofHealth to the City of London. " Guildhall, Mlay 27." The suggestions in the medical offlicer's report, which occsioned a strong feeling in the Court, were unanimously ordered to be adoted and acted upon to the fulles extent. CnsTIc REAin-S.-Several curious relics have been recently found within thetown walls of ancient Dublin, such as singularly ornamented combs, bronze and iron fibulie, and implementa used im the manufacture ef those curiously constructed wooden houses, erected inthat ancient locality at a very remote era. Among the articles enumerated iS an antique-shaped riguet sa, supposedby adis. tinguished heraldic authority to have belonged to the Lord. Deputy Essex, time of Eiabeth. Several of these relics have been collectedt by lIr. James Underwood, well hrvw for his, former inde a' ab exertions in mannsing anti. quarin stores..-Dqtitai pper.
SALES BY AUYCTION. Capital EngLh_ Pictures, by distinguished painters. ijR. PHILLIPS begs leave to announce that he AI is instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at his great Rooms, New Bon:d-Ftreet, on Thursday, June B, at 1, a smaU COLLECTION of charming modem PICTURES., by many of the most distinguished 31- .sh includn g a View of Dunfermline Cas.le. by J. 31. W. Turner, Wc..t,adtwro other works by this gifted artist; a Scene on Hampstead Heath-a fine work by Sir A. CaUcott; three subjects by J LAnnell, bein- Scenes at Battersea under theeffect of aSto,m Windsor-park, and Landscape with Children Playing; two by Clarkson Stanfield, R.A., Scene on the Saone; and two works by W. P. Frith. R.A.; Summer's Noon, and another capital work by Sidney Cooper, A.R.A.; two fine examples by Patrick Xasmyth; and one by J. Constable, R.A.; Harmony. a graceful picture by J. Sant; several finished pictures by Henry Howard, R.A.; and other highly interesting pictures by the following painters:- F. R. Lee, R.A. Danby, R.A. . Laoce Irnmsipp stiffler Anthony J. Martinx Bennington Fleury, &C. Several pictures of the modem Dutch and Flemish sebools, including those of Schelifont, Schotel, Keeckoeck, Van Hamine; the property of a gentleman well known as a patron of the fine arts. May be viewed three days previous to the sale at Mr. Phillips's rooms. caBfaelle and 31ajolica Ware. Venetian Glass, Bijouterie, and Objects of the Byzantine penod, the property of a gentleman resident at Florence. l/JR. PHILLIPS begs to announce that he will ILL SELL by AUCTION, at his Rooms, New Bond-street, on Friday, June 6, at I precisely, a COLLECTION of RAFFAET1LE litajolira. and Montelupo WARE, comprising vases, salvers, Tazzi dishes, plates by F Zauto and 31aestro Giorgio, enriched with designs and metaDlic lustre. Venetian glass, enamelled and coloured, objects of the Byzantine ned, lucca delDa Robbia ware, Niello andmarqueterie ckscavesivories, Etrusean geld jewvels, and other objects of art r colection jest received ftrom lorence. ty be view ed twso days Drior to the sale, and catalogues then hed at 3kr. Phillp,'s. To Cab Propretors. Horsedenlers, and others. I)? OBERTS and RO:BY will SELL by AUCTION, .lbat Griffin's Ijvery stables, Coleman-street, city, on Friday, M1ay 3Q, acapital ClAREIS CE CAB, a Hiansom cab, a wsell-built tilbury, twoc good cab horses, harnan and effects. On viewv morningt of sale, and catalogu es had at the stabies; and at the auctioneer}s ottices, 24, 3Ioorgate-street. city. For Positive Sale, Monday next. M R. GEORGEDOUGANIVfilSELLbyNAUCTIODN 1Il, a5 the Albert Tavern, Garden-row, London-road, SouthwLark, on Monday, June 2. at 12, in lots, FIV-E brick-built DWELLINGHOUSES. producing 152 per annum, situate and being Nos. 9.10, 11, nud 12, Richmand-street;and32, Albert-terrace, or. the Philanthropic 3;tate, London-roa, Southwark. Viewed by permission of tenants. Particulars of the auctioneer. Westminster-road. Mlodem Furniture, Grand, Cabinet, and Cottage Pianofortes, four- wheel Phaeton. 24 dozen of Sherry and other Effects. E. ROBERT REID will SJELI, at Iis Rooms, 1 Great 3Marlborough-street, on Monday, Jtne 2, at 12 precisely, HOUSEHOLD FURKNITURE: comprising loo, card, occasional, fancy, and other tables, sets of chairs and dining tables, sideboards, chimney and pier glasses, Brussels and other carpets, French, Arabian. and four-post bedsteads with hAngings, bedding, waidrobes, chests of drawers, basiu stands, dressing tables and toilet glasses, kitchen requisites, and other effects. 3Maybeviewedon Saturday. and catalozueshal. bhropshire Brew,ery, City-road.-Plant, Casks, Drays, and Cart 71][ESSRS. G. AV. lY. MIASON and SON (late of 1 L Bucklersburyl wil SELL by AUCION, on the Premises Hulrs-terrace, City-road, on Tuiesday, Jine 3, at 12, in lots, the PLANT and UTEN-SILS of the above BRER ERY, including an egOht-barrel copper. three-quaiter mashtus, metlers, rounds, stitllionss hosses, &c. ; also 5tiO nearPy new and sea-oned casks, in sizes fro n Isogaheads to kilderkins, three drays, and cart. Slay be *iewed one day previous to the sale, and catalogues had on the premises, and of the auctioneer, 61, Kiing William-street, London-bridge. .B. The brewery premis6es to be le:t. To Small Capitalists and Members of Building Seietis.-Secure smal Freehold Investments, Old Kent-road. R. C. FURBER will SELL by AUCTION, at the WI M31art. on Thursday, June6. at 12 for 1,a compact FREEHOLD ESTAE o THRE PntS f wll-biltsemi-detached RESIDEIT.CES situate 2:E}ojs Ia, 3P6, 17,18,9, and 20, 3Mawbey's-road, Old Rent-roadl, whirls are estimatrd to produce about .10 per annum. land tax redezemed. The houses may be viered. Particulars, with conditions of sale. obtained at the Mart; at the Lord Nelson and Windsor Castle. Old Kent-mead of 31essrs. EUiott and lierce, solicitors, 5, Verolarn-hulldings; and, at the auction ohfices, 2, WarvwickcOOurt, Gray's-inn. Mlonthly S~ale of Pictures andDr-nsbmornAtt, the originZlnhv ality of whCic-h will be gDuaarantgeed to th e purchasers, 1rR. GE:O. ROBINfSOAN's flet SALE wvill take ALL place at his Rooms, 21. Old Bond-street, on Thmsday, June 5, at I precisel', and widl include specimens by the under-mentioned artihis:- Barter Cowie W. H. Knight Railton Bentley De Fleury F. R. Lee, t.A. Romer Brcaker DeU Motgford Russell (lay Fox O'A cit Vickers Cole Gill Penny Wadeson Collier Heatherley Putller WAl'ter S. Cooper. RA.u Hemsley Rossiter Williams, ac May be viewed t,o days prior and catalogues had. To Government Contractors and othes.-Geisuine Sale of Sto-c Plant, and Implements in Trade of a Contractor, removing from the Premises. /1 R. PEAKE is ordered by the Contractor, Mr. 1 Y Carliale. to SELL by AUCTION, upon the Premises, Bermondsty New-road, onTuezdayand Wednesday, June 3 and 4. at 12 each day, ieithoutreferve. theseveleaosntraotsndertbeCommniw,ioeneof Sewers ,&c., being completed, the rvhole of thevaluablepLmNTand EFFECTS; comprising a lame quantity of cirain pipes, double and single junctions, elbows, &c.; 10,O0 feet elm board, about 12,000 strmts, a quantity of lift pumps, and other gearing ; dry planks, boards, and battens, with 2tumerous otlier useful iaaterials, Maybe viewed on Monda previous and moraings oE sale, and catalogues obtained at M%lr. Peake's offices, 41. Tooley-street. Southwark. Aliddlesex.-Very valuable Meadow Land. Pinner near Harow-on tlhe-lliL7, on the North-Western Railway, about 12 miles from London, with immediate poss-esion. _A/fESSRS. SEDGWICKand SON havebecn favoured - w A ivith instructions from the Proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday. Jnly 25, at 12, in one lot, about iii AtCRES of very superior FREEHOLD and COPYTOLD MEADOW LAND in excellent condition, most desirably situate, between Pinner and Harrow. May be viewed 21 days prior to sale ISundars excepted), when particulars. with plansannexedl, maybe had at tl:e King's Read, }Iarrowv; Queen's ;}ead, Pinner; Red Lion, Sonthall, aud BarnetW'{hite Hfart. Edgewace; Abercorn Arms. Stanjmore: Rose and Crown Watford; Stano. Rickmersworth; White Horse, Uxbridge; at the M1art: and of Mlessrs. Sedgwickand Son, land and timDer surveyors andestateagents, Woodetde Lodge. near'Watford, Herts, and attheir farms at llu ton-bridzo and Croxlcy-hill. Ao. 3. George-strect, Iiclohmond.-To Grocers, 1Gotelkeepers, Families, FLxture-dealers, and others.-Stoek. Fixtures, and Utensiis of a Grocer, and BentelIcial Laeia of th^ vvaluable Premies.-Absolute ond Unre,-rvcd Sale. N R. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, .'on hthe Premises, on Wednerday, June 4, atl2, the gentine STOCK in TRADE; comprising tess, coffees, spice3, eugars, rice, fruits, saues, piCkCeS,i jamis, jellies, British wines, oils, colurs, soaPs, eris. composites, and otter candles3, A-c.; the fixtuires sad uitensis, inelrding counters, nests of drawers, shehing. gas fittings. canisters, Fcales, weights. wvighing machiaes, mils, a few lots of useful houseLo:e;d furniture. and various effects. And, at 2 precisely. the Beneficial Lease of the commandiug Businese Premises, eligibleforanydescription cf retail trade. which are held for a term of 21 years from Cbristmas, 1339. at the low rent of i&48 per annum. On view the day prior sLd mornine of sale. Catalogues ou the premises, and of the auntioneer. 28, Potiltry. On View This Day, Sale on Friday.-Capital niodern Fulrniture. Pia"o fortes. Chimney-glasses, service of E3ectroplate, afew lots of Silver, and niiimerous useful and ornamental Miscellandes. L 3 ESSES. OXENHAI and SONS will SELL by ,L7 AUCTION. at their Rooms' n 853, Oxford-street, near the PFnthlcon. on Friday next, at 11 for 2 punictually, the capital modem FLtRNITTRIE, including Arabian, four-post, brass, and iron beds'eads asui hang"ngs, with bedding complete, wingedwardrobes plain d:tto, wasshstanms dressing tables, c., walnut tree, rosewood, and mahogany chairs. Eofas, couches. and easy chairs, suiites of curtains nhbi aTnd mareneterie cabinets and tables, rosewood and wainut tre6 ditto, chimney-glasses of various dimensions, pedestal and enclosed sideboards, dsinugtables, bookcases. &c, services of electroplate, a few I is of eilver ditto, china, gl3as, 500 vols. of books, and numerous useful and ornamental eWecrs. 'ay be viewel To-morrow ('Wednesday), in consequence of ThursTay being the day of Rejoicing, and moming of tale, andcatalogneshad. Notice.-Hrrlforsstire, close to the town of BldOck.-Eeautiful Country R-esidlence. standing in a park of about 10 acre, the late redidence Of 3. A. Twining. Es3q.. deceased. M SR.FAREBROTHERP, CLARK antI LYE rsetully informc the public-, that the above E?5TATE, adver- tied bthem for sale at Garena's, an Wedaeseday. Jully 2, has been DISPOIED OF by Private Contrst.-Lancaster-plaoe, May 2-7. Nouce-A dsiguse Freehold EjAtte and the beautiful Rca.- dlence and Grounds, nown as Eerymnead Priory, situate at AcsoD, jIENVRS. FrentawOTHER, CLARK, and LYE aasno istiduattec auction at GArraway's, on WGdrrsday'lst, hn ld eermoyndext,A Por4 t19 y ietion of the Freod xn easehold Etates f,,or s vluatle illia D and Te,Re.rod about E210ApEr. a orao r,cbig lneImrovedhn grovdrundrents, m wetoehrtZlr1&e Anna ssR u. FA out OfH R C6 LAuse , fomn h atandL E a ur,well seured, isigoto 6hue,fnigtees n weat of,desofM3ajtby-street, the extensive Stone Depot. let to the Tes. Lry of E-ermondsey, Large manufacturing Premises, and dwelling house, in Russell-street, two houses,in CrOss-street nortbhand five cotta'. ge, in Maltby-grove, Bermondsey, the whole DrOPerty ajOins, and is of the annual1 rack rental of upwards of l.0O0. 'ehold ground renta of 37 per annum, with reveysion to the fee simple. issuing out of twoprvae huss n Cos-sree ad piceofground adjoining,let to, and inthe ocuaio,octe;Was f enondsey. A. freelsold pIece of groud attebco h rmss, and with euntrance from us~sell.streetleonlaeoMes. Quolleat 20 perx annum. MEay be viewedn etclr a of G. H., Drew. Req., solicitorj ~~~~~Lendon-brige; at Garraway's: and of Messrs. F'arebrotber. CakanLe,6Lactrple.Strand. Absolute Mae. -Elgin-road, Xexusington.parkc, Notting.hullSixteen lougLeasehold and newly erected Residencs,4 oflhandsomneelevation, onening to ornamental pleasure grounds, with possession, M~iESSRS. FAREIROTHER, CLARK, and LYE _ _are instructed to prepare for peremptory SATLE at Garraway's, onWVednesdaY next. June Lat 12.bydirection of the Mortgageerl6 wellbuilt LEAEHOLD RESIDENCES, of handsome elevation. formsing part of a uniform block of 20 houses, situate in Elgin-road, Kensingtonparkc-road, Notting-hill, delightfulLy situate, andI having extenalvo omnamental grounds at the rear. The houses contain-on the upper fDoors six bed rooms. a dressing room, water-clost and oIlher closets-Ona the first floor, handsome front drawing room and a back drawing rtoomon the ground floor, entrance and inner halls, dining room, lihrary, water-clest. &.tc-and in the basement. good domestic offices'; gardten In the rear, and entrance into the continuous pleasure grounds. The foregoing are of toe annual value of 1I20 per annum each. The foregoiing are held on long leases, at mederate ground rents. The property may be viewed, and particulars had of M essrs. Palmer, Palmeri, and Bull, solicitors, 24. Bedford-row ; at Garraway's; and of Meters, Farebrother, Clarke, and Lye, 6, Lanicaster-place, Strand. Freehold Grouind Rtents, issuing cut of 16 capital residences in Elgin. road, Netting-hill. M~JESSRS. FAREBROTHEP,, CLARK, Ind LYE - - - are instructed by the Mortgagees to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, OnWednesdaynext, June 4, at 12, FREEHOLD GRO'UND ERFNTI amouniting to 352 16s, rer annuam, amplY secured upon 16 capital residences, of handsome elevation, forming Part of a uniforma block of 20 houses, dellghtfully situate, and belngNos, 24 to 19. in 13ginroad, Kensington-park. INetting-hill, having extensive and ormamntal unds a%, the rear. The houses contain six good bed ro-oms, twro dsomne drwing rooms, 'dining room, library, entrance and inner halls, and good domestic ofrices. Held' upon leases for lu-g terms. rarticulars may be had of Messr. Bridges Mason, and Bridges, solicitors, Red Lion-square: at Garraway's; and at the offices of Mesars. Farebrother, Clark, and Lye, Lancaster-place, Strand. Oxfordsbire.-The Newvingt-na Estate, comprising the Ewe and BeiiTo Farms (with manor quit rents), containing together about 799 acres, let at LIII1 9s. peir ainnm. M~IESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, Ind LYE, - . are instructed to SEIJat Garraway's.onWednesday next, June 4, the following valuable FREEHOLD ESTATES, tithe-free, situate in the parish of Newington, about five miles from the market town of Wallingford and 10 miles from Oxford, viz, :-The Ewe Farm, with substantial farm-house, excellent agricultural buildings, cottages for labourers and above 457a. of amable and meadow land, let to M1r. John Prampton, at 371 6s, per annum; D errick Farm. comprising a Stonebuilt anid tiled farm-house, good agricultural buildings, numerousg cottages, and tenemnents, let to Mr, J ohn Frederick Smith, at 140 per annu, qut rets aountng t Is.per nnu, issuing out of lands at Absrrick Revrior onMa beviewed, and particulars, wit la ane, s may bnese hM o ESSRS. DentEn, Oind rle, Cm L AReK,an Lu ance sLictos 6Ne-uare. Lintrct onsin Messrs CyA uTton. 9,a Whitehall-spolae;of da. Wnext Thompson, Zoche Farmlot, no ,tea ABigOnLUTE theVEStar an AngtelSU Hotels,Oxord Rsterland, Thisga otl,Aiogdonf ar6wam's;cand andout inevtedsions tourc,400 and m2,rt.gart of largerhl sum invested pr ih ounMotgaes of Esrthamtesof, amplegon value, mrige a1 teSrest.n3pe et F EBaRiO nnites, underK th andgLYento day ext Jue 4,at 2, n 2 ots Lo I, he BSOUTE EV TSIO and iveste uponpurchse an mortage ofre holdeandhcofpthoe proert, ithecontis o othaptn. Meuningon and CambrdGe.T trste ofather highestessp.etability,ean receiable ontedeceasen ort seon marriaetofal greentaios nowth incthiso Chritlear.nLetw2. Thles Absoluthe Reverson Cetoer,7wit, anopthlersidencof thraoveIs 6 sume of G,1be, seurd ine Ttheslike maner Pandsh rceivueabed ath deathe gofsth samue gentiemanoleareinsgr mpayd be had0 ofpesrs Wu. and Greset. atte iESSRSf MesA.Trebrothe.ClRk, andLyeK,ancate-LacE, Stand. itutd,udra rero ieCacelrSrJh StnatChancery inteeas Jones v. Evan =zryvluable" Adoweonv. withs, NextvauaPerpta PreOsetiON tof the RECTORY of ChrsISTen BTwO mile tonesfrom the city of Chester, with caialRsiece erons 6t acreseof vetalueo theh wole breenaiongsupwards tof t00 pier anum The presenti m inubnt, iswinhhis60thyear. Te(ywocmrsshecUnre toyhueS itR ffS e,pla.r andE O itchenCLarK,ns and paLYEk acend- irnatructed, undbereLanOd gerbfie n-ChanellohSr 67ohnes Stat,e cmmatdotinthe caent-Jhares aud fevas amitndg"Jon v.M pevans, abutmtw mlilgtes fromsth iciyofe Chester with ther anextnd Pher.ut goithar year. T he re see ovmwand comtiulprises to the ecletrc surrounding ceuntsy. The population, about 1,000, is principally agricultural. There are two services at the church, and schools in the parih. he hurh, houg smll,is prtty trutur, bt sfficient forthewats f he arsh.Itselom ccrs ha sodeiralea church preermnt sth liingofChrstitonis ffeedfor sale. Particulars of Mssrs Dea andSon,soliitor, 23 Bl omobutry-qur 2;3 HofoMers In the City of Londan,-A Freehold House and Business Premnises, No. 34. St. Mciry-at-hill, land tax redeemed, Producing a yearly rent or 111, 1IESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARIK, ancl LYE u-vill SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Thursday, June00, at 12, a valuable FREEHOLD PROPERTY, in a most important husiness situation between Upper Tharnes-street and Eastcebap, close to the Chat Exchange and Billingsgate-market, being the house -and businiess premises No. 34, St. M-ary-at-hill. It contains sIx rooms on the ppe flors thee cambrs n te frstfloor, warehouses and countin-homseshonlthegrondmfloor Nwit Collatrystbeneath and eiset tor yeuarltenain tsectfWetise, producing an annual income of15pranmTh th eat,adpriuashdo ESSRS.Wht and BOTHrritAi,K sclLYcE M are in.Wstruted tl* SEac , at Garraway'so nd.a Ther ofilcuesof Mat 12, Inr3blothe, Clarky vandablye, FRnasErH Lace ESTrAnd.cmpigthtfn irst-class Freehold. binvestments7,anS.New Coventry-ssteeteand andithe sqarne,rinte city Nof W0Liestmiser-ur, producin paniho t auAl rn,ntale city of Westmsinster, erected within the last 10 years regardless of cxp sue, in the best style ofsetreetarehitecture, and in abusiness thoroughs. far of dailyincreasingimportance. connectingLeicester-soruare withPits. wcadilly. No. 6 comprises on the fourth or upper floor, a largo and light workshop, with a distinct staircase from the shop, on the second and third floors eight bed chambers, and, sitt-ing rooms, wa~ter-ulosets, &c., on the first floor, two spacious reception rooms communicating and a third room, on the ground floor, a large and light shop or warehouse, c3unting,-house, with double fronta-ge to Coverutry-street and Leicesteraluare, lavatory, and water-closet, and a private entrance from Letcester-square, in the basemaent, ample domestic offices ; the whole in the occup,ation of3Messrs. Gibson, sasldlers to the Queen. The centre house, No. 7 has three floors of bed and sitting rooms, handsome apartments on the first floor, and good ofiloes on the ground floor; in the occupation of the Constitution Life Assurance Ciompany. No.8. Coventry-street, and coiner of Princes-street, has also three floors of bed roomnsand chambers, noble beard room, and secretary's room on the first floor. gooc. public offices on the ground floor, and convenientlyarranged in the basement; is in the occupation of the Catholic, Law, and General Assurnce Company. The property in well built, and the arrngeens o thilorsof ac hose anat any time be adapted as c~ubrs;thewhoe lt o lese t rntsamounting together to Within four miles of the City of Exeter.-Srmall. Freehold Farm, De- t-ched Lands. Public-house, and Cottages. 1IESSRS. FAVREBROTHER CLARK, and LYE MLYare instructed to SELL by AUCTION. at the New' London Inn, Eveter.on Saturday, June 7, at 1 pi ecisely,in lots, a small FREEHOLD EiTATII, known as KCerswell and Synmons. int the parish of Broadeliat, four.miles from the city of Exveter, comnprising]. a farm-hiouse, and about 26 acres of producitive orchard, grass, and amableland, abutting on the estates ofLord PoItimore,Captain Chichester,and- Whitehead,-Esq ; a beer shop, newly-built, and intendedI for a public-house, with large garuien. and several cottages adjoining ; also an enclosure of seven acres on Broadelist-heath, now occupied as allotmnent gardens, together with fivecotage adjinig, he woleproucig a rental of 142 5m. per annu, Ma beviewd o appicaion o Iaa Lake, at the Victory Brodeis: a te lac o sle ad n Lndn.of Messr. Drew and Gray soicitrs,Hibeniachabers Lodon-ride: Garraway's; andat heoffce ofMesrs Faebothr,Clak,and A,% Laticater- Oxforclsbire, near to Herniey-on-Thames.-The Soimdes Estate, wvith Residence, Farms, Cottages, end about 680 acres of highly-productive Land, interspersed with thrving woodland and uiderwoods. ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARIK,and LYE MLL are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at Garr awy's Coffeehouse, Co~rhi ll, on Wednesday, June the 18th at 12 o'clock a very valebe FREEHOLD PROPERTY, (lana-tax redeemenli known as the Somndess Estate, lying within a ring fence; situate in the parishes of Nettlebed and Bix, in the county of Oxford. about five miles from hIenley-on-Thames ; comprising .a capital residence, with gardens and pleasure grounds, commandin ex tensv iw of tho adjoining counties; farms, homesteads,enabet60 a crsnfprdctive coin stock anid grass land,welland coenntyierpsd with thriving bcech,'woodlandl, and underwooa alosvno.ae,insubstantial repair, with the rl lit to depastr she n ate nthe commons of Nettlebed end nix. The landi natg tt fclia Lien, havinig beeni judiciously farmed byv thporitrfrmn years Past, and the ines ana woods are in exceln re. h saeis well calculate for the preervation of gam an wti es isac of treepacs ofhouds,The oad amgood en th raiwaywil Buckdughamshire, near to the town of Buckinlgham, and in part adjolu- ing the magnificent domain of Stowe.-Valuable Freehold, CopyhIold and Leasehold Estates, comprising the Akeley Manor Farm, with 3S6 acres of Land. MESSRS. FAREBROTHER CLARK, and LYE - - arwinstructed by the ProprietortoSaLL, at Garaway's, onWednesaay, June 18, at 12 (unless an acceptable offer be made prcvonsly by private contract,) a valuable FREEHOLD, Copyhold, and Leasehold ESTATE, known as Akeley AManor Farm, situate in the parish of Alieley-eumi-Stockholt, alout three miles from Buckingham, and adjoining the ma cent domain uf Stowe and estates belonging to New College, Oxford,-Robarts, Esq., E. F. DayreD, Esq., and others, comprisg a substantial stone-built Farm-house, in the village of ALeley, neaT the church, with capital agricultural buildings (the greater port.on neowlyerected), and 386 acres of exceedingly useful and amble land,well fenced and watered, and several conveniently placed detached horsesteads, in the occupation of Mrm. Attwood, at 3Si per auniun. The land-tax is redeemcd, and the tithes are commuted. The estat is intersected by good roads, the tuirpike-road from Ituckingbama to Towcester running through it, and is distant seven miles from the latter lace, and rix from Stony Stratford. May be viewed. and particulars nad of Messrs. Ream, Nelson, and Hear, solicitors, Buckinghain at the inns in the negbhbourhq0d. and in Londos, of Messrs. Stuart and Daly solicitors, 6, Gray's-ian-suzaroe: at Garraway's; and at ths offices of Vessrs. Farebrotber, Clark, and Lye, Lnancaster-place, Strand. Bognor. Susex. Sudley Lodge.-A desirable Villa Residence. vrith Oflices, Coach-house and Stabling, beautiful Lawn, Gardens, and Paddock of Iaut the vwhole about three acres (wvith Possessionl, M/IESSRS. JAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE * 3,1 are instructed to SELI, at Gamasray's, on Wednesday, June18 at 12, under an order of the High Court of Cbancery, a singularly clegant detached VILLA RESIDENCE, in the Italian style of architecture, erected in the most substantial manner by the late Richard Groom, aEs, for his own occupation. anddisting.ushed as Suaey Lodge, seated within its own grounds, a sbort remove from the mea at Bognor, in Sussex. The residence is approached by a private read with carriage sweep, and contains seven principal and secondary bed chambers three dressing rooms, and servants' apartments, drawing and dining rsoonns, library, entrance-haU with partico. and good domestic offices; enclosed carriage-yard, double coach house, stabling for six horses, and hamers room. The grounds are pleasingly timbered and planted with luxuriant shrubs and evergreens, ocautiful lawn with parterres and gravel walks. kitchen garden and paddock of land, the whole about three acres. Held for an unexpired term o069 years at a ground rent, May be viewed on application to Miss Binstead. the library, Bognor, oF whom par3iculars may be had; also at the Norfolk Arms Hotel. Bcgnor; Old Ship, BrightoD ; of Mressrs. W. and G. T. Weodrooffe, solicitors, , Newsquare, Lincohn's-inn * of hlesers, Flbler and SaltweID, solicitors, Carlton-chambers, Regenl-street; at Garraway's; and at Messrs. Fare- rotbeer Clark, and Lye's offices, Lancaster-place, Strand. -Hertsa-The Iancley Boxry--Important F'reebold Estate, Man-sion, Pakan oods, with estensivre Shooting and Fishing dlhtul astuate about three miles from Watford, na oCou~tgte with Two capitol Farms, known as Iangley Busy and Jeff esams the whole comprisingnwards of 750 ars MESSRS. FAMEBROTHE tZ, CLAR?U. ad LYE in are instructed by the Deviwme in ant , under heWil of the late E. P. WhittnW all. EAg.. to prePare the above higl important FSTATE for S AEb ACTIOSf. ALtGawu',on Wednesday, June 18. at 12, (unIeM an acceptable offerbomade in the meantime by Prtivate Contract,) the distinguished FREEHOLD EThT~ knw s agey Box7, in the Pariah of Abbot'is langley, threemie firom Wartford adjoining to Caahiobniy and the Grove, the ants of the Earl of Essex and Earl of Clarendon comPrising theccapital andsnaIo mansion seated On an emainence in ihe centre of a beautiful, &naufndulated park ornamentedwihsately timber and pantatio s, dmino ornamiental woodIs. It is in the most Perfect order, and contains every accommodation for a nobleman's or gentlemian's family:- kitchen gardens. withforclug hones.exCeellent Stabling,andloomebo:~alaam house, and extensive range of moderna cutua eA cPtafas with about 700 acres of arable, meOw, P nasdune, tn ogetherd including the woods known as Juzsipers' feery Bushes, North Grove, Stubble, Croft, and Sandpiti. The residence is ap]proached from the high road by two lodge entranices, and ihere are rights of fishery for nearly two milesnuincrousat- s and ponds for cattle ruppliedfirom the canal, adjoining which is a mili.which fOrces the water to the mansion, farm-bumildings, and ponds, and also serves.the purpose of grinding, cutting, &c.. for the stoolt The estate is in the highest smtat of cultivation, baving be-en farmed bY the late owner. regarlees of the cost, fox the last 20 years it is ctpable of carrying a large doGck throughout the year, and many of the prizes for ahort horns have been carried ott by the Owner at thin estate. The woods and plantations arein excellent condition, and to protect the 6sme andimprove the agpearance many thousandsl of holliesflss,larch, Ee,have been planted erei within the last 10 years ; conveniently plaed gimikepe'shouse, breeding Paddock, do., and the game iabnatThe surrounding district is studlded with noblemnen!s and gentlemen's seats. The King's Langley Station is about 1;. mile dintant, and the Watford Stationunnderthree miles. The cOaufrxm;the boundary of the estate on the north east 5sde, and the railway is totS,clently, far to form a pleasing object in, the distanee Adjoining the estate isa compact farm, known as Jeffries. with farm-house, ouitbnildings, garden, orchard, do and185 acrsof arable andineadow laud, abutting co. tho estates of the Verl of Essex, Earl of Clarendon, MrY. Moat, Mr. Blackwell, and others. The mansion may~, be viewed by cards only. Particulars,with plans%,willbhopublished one month pnio to thesale, ofMessrs.Smitti and Grover, aolintors,HemelfHempglead; of Air. Lavender surveyor, Watford ; at the inn at Watford, Boxmoor Tring and iickmasnswrorth ; and in L.ondon of Messrs. Symr TecaUdae and Saindilanido solicito~rs, 83, Fenchurch.stseet - ofS.T Grover, Wsq., solicitor, 50, Be-dfont-row : at Garraway's ; and at the) offices of Meassrs Flarebrother, Clark. -An TIo-eLaCaster-place,tad. Eaton-terrace, Belgrave-square.-The Leasso of a desirable Residence, No. 9, Eaton-terrace, let to a nobleman on lease. 1IFSSRS. FAREBROTHERI, CLARK, and LYE iYI.are instructed to SELL, at Garraway's, on Wednesday. June 25, at 12, (unless prsviouslMdseed of by private contract), a desirable ltDfSID T0. 9.Eaten-terrace, Ble-gaesquareone of the smaller residences in that much sought after localsty. It contains well-prprtioned drawing roomns, diniing room and library three dloors of bed chambers and suitable domestic offices; built and doised n agoo stle,andof leainganduniform elevation withi thead oinng ouss.in he ccuatin o anobleman,. on lease, at a yarl ret f 10.Hel fr a unxpiedterm of about 50 years, ata roun ret of20per nnu. Ma beviewed by cards only, to be otaied f Mssr. Faebrthe, Carkand Lye, L-ancaster-place, A noble Town Mansion in Belgrave-squaro (in the occuspation of the Minister of War), the maost fashionable locality in ILondon, and in the vicinity of theo Court and Parliament, rendering it highly desirable for0 ocption or as an inyestment. M ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE are instructed to SELL, at Garraway's, on Wednesday, June 25, at 12 (unless an acceptable offer in previouslymade by private contract), the LEASE of the MANSION, 2dfl. elgrave-square. of handsome elevation, in imitation of stone, bauit and flishged in the host possible manner, like all the noble structures carried out byths late eminent builder, Thomas Cubitt, Esq. The vicinity of the Court and of the Houses of Parliament, together wuth its being the locality of fashion, render it first-class nroDerty and highiy desirable either for Occupation or for investment. The residentse concamns all the accomamodation necessairy for a family of distnotion, and is convenient and weli arranged; on the uPper floor six goodl bed rooms,~ closets, &c., on the second dloor five spacious familly bed chambers and dronsing rooms, with other convenient appointments;, on the firt floor a suite of handsomie reception rooms, elegantly finished, and having the advantage of firontage views each way, noble entrance-ball and grand stairaew, large dining room and library, dressing and bath room opening to a tercae and flower garden in the rear; spacious domestic olboes, exceedingly light and very dry. In the mews adjoissng, and with communication from the house, are satbling for seven horses, harness room, standing for three carriges and coachman's room and loft over, with carsiage-yard enccl~s.edhy folding gates. It is let on leasefor atermoatyea ers.epiring Mlichaclmas. 1855. at the Yearly rent of 700 Per annum, and is held for an unexpired term of 65years at aground rent of 100. Maybe viewed by tickets only, which with particulars may be had of Messrs. lFarebrother. Clark, and Lye. 6. Iancaster-place, Strand. Particulars also 3may be had of Messrs. Lethbridge and MackErell, solielters, 25, Abingdon-street, Westminster ;and at Garraway's. Leicestershire, near.Nelton Mowbray.-Very valuable Freehold Estates; comprising part of the village of Burrow-on-the-Hill, and 296 acres of Land, chiefly rich pasture, let at rents araoanting to ,540 per MESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK andl LYE Mare instructed to ISELL byAUCTTION. at the liell Inn, Leicester, on Thursday, June26, at 1 for 2, in five lots, valuable FREEHOLD) ESTATES. situate in. and adjoining to, ths village of Burrow,-on-the.Hill, 4mlec fzosr Mlelton Mowbray, 24mi1esfrom Ashby-de-la-Zouche, and nI miles from Leicester, viz. :-Lot 1. Two Freehold Enclosures of Arable Land, containing about S acres, let to Mlr. Elleby, at 14 4s. Per annum. Lot 2. Several Enclosures of Meadow, Pasture, and Ar-able Land, intersected by the road from Great Dalby: cofitaining to,gether 69a. 3r. 22p., let to Mfessrs. Baines, Elleby, and Simpson, at 1 lI 1s. per annum. Lot 3. Two Freehold Enclosures of Pasture Land, containing together Ia. Or. 5p.. in the occupation of Mlr. Ashten, at 14 16s. per anumx. Lot 4. The Manor or Reputed Manor of Burrow-on-the- Hl;aqlwoa very valuable estate, adjoining the village of Burrow-onthe-HILl; comprising a well-built and slated farm-house, and about 304a. of amable and pasture land, (abutting on the glebe,) let to%Ward andoethers, at 36212s,per anasum. Loti. An Enclosure of rich Feeding Grass Land, situate near the church, known asHlall Close:.containingabot Os. le t Mr Jhn lley,at 25Ifs, per annum. Particu- Norfolk.-Thc highly valuable and important F'reehold Landed Estate, distinguised an Lynford Hall, with capital Mansion, Park, Manors, Advowson, Farms. and Woods, sditute inthe sereral parishesofLyndford. WestTofts, Mundford. Cranwich. andiColveston, inthe countyof Norfolk-, together with the Village of Mundford, several private Rossdences. Public-houses. Inns, and Corn Mill ; the whiole comprising an area of upwards of 7,750 acres, lying within a ring fence, abundantly stocked with game, and forming one of the most compact and valuable estates for occupation or investment in the county ; the property of the late Sir Riehard Sutton, Bart MESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE arom isncted by the Execcuters to prpare the above big uynipeccant ESTATES for SALE by AUCTIONX, at Garraway',on Wednesday, July 2, at 12 :-tbe very valuable and important freehold estates, situate in the perishes of Lyniford, West Tofte, Mundfiord, Cranwich. and Colveston, about six miles from Brandon, eight from ThetfoTd, and nine from Swaffhama; comprising the capital mansion. known as Lyndford-hall, seated on a gentle eminence, in the midst of a beautiful park, through wvhich flows a branch of the river Wissey, intersecting the pleasure grounds and plantations, and terminating in an extensive lake. The mansion contains ample accommodation for a nobleman's or gentleman's family conservatory, aviary, extensive ornamental pleasure grounds, shruLberies, and tdshpondts, ice-house, pheasantry,-stabling. k,ennels, carpenter's dwelling, yard andiworlishops surrounded wvith timber of fine growth and thriving ornamental plan~tations, together with 10 substantial farmsteads. with all convenient agricultural buildings, nine gamekeepers' lodg-es, SO houses tenements, shops, and cot es and a well-accuistomied ois., forming the principal portion of the vlleca of West Tofits, Mundford, and Cranwich, together writh upwards of 7,750 acres of arable, meadow. pasture, and wood land,in a ring fence, comprising the entiro parish of Lynford, and nearl the whol e of the parishes of West ToIs Mu ffr,and Cranwielh, the M1anors of LynfontI andlWest Tofts, the Manor and Advowson of Mrundford, and the Manor of Cranwich. The estate has been for many years the favourite shooting residence of the late Sir Richard Sutton, Bart., and is abundantly stocked with game and wild fowl. The lari-houses. cottages buildings, and k-eepers' lodges ace all in excellent repair. The cstate contains several quarres Off lime stone, well adaptedI either for building or agricultural purposes, and several beds of marl and clay. The timber is very valuable, and consists of oak-, larch, beech, and elmi, all, of wvhich grw to an unusual length, and are noted for the straighness of bole. The game, already abundant, might be increased to any desired extenxt, and the whole presents to a landed proprietor, sportsman, or agriculturist on a large scale an opportunity of investment rarely to be met :with, The estate maybe viewed on applentiuTt Mr.Jame Hamond at estTufts. Plarticulars and plan ma shrtl behad t te Stto esateoffice, 5 Bolton-stre tors 20 kusinfiar; atGaraways; nd t th oancd ofthesrs. Wesmnstr-ideToadsm T Bupilders,an Contratrse ndohes hu.LEREW will SELL by AUCTION, on ther .YPremiseTs, Palaednew-rad, oune 1ody1Jn, at 12, in1 ot,S0MTE feetlf muildig l ,0o eefqureing,AE LHUI large quanity sof) firtbalk Nsad rangs, sove,oldron,ke- etin ofice, 13ardingto-stee, Drhamp- To smllCpitaistsAnd gthrs.gae,adNo.1 M'jR. LEREW wvill SELL by AUCTION, at GnurI.rny',onlWednesday. June 11.h at 12, in thrlets, sb SEE TdeEN oftherae Queein's-raoars Cadn-on,o the laegariket Esq,tate,si bnscial obtAinEd of Msusrs.nWiteand Borrt, RSoIciEr,\ 10. Whitehcall-place; A caita FailyResdene, t Hghgte.didieaxgardn;deFreehotd Building Gound, at orth Woofschalxasex MR PUERanECo will SELL by pbi AUCTION, tGra %-.owanthMas, on Wedesday, June 3lt, at 12,i thpreet los, byioderah LETASE ofEaIsuNCtantialmFAMILmaRESIDE CE,twith coach-house stabrang, consearvaoury,lawn, arndlarg well-stockedsgaurden;lodeligt-, fcullpitubyat inesoutalethgoe,naithate Alsoear TwoPelotsfofrvaloabl Pemavilionpgroud,andum closn entoThe VicoprityDocs.i Partculleneairs, in o h premises;rad oftee the auctioneer, 4 b Cardisgon-srle, Sttrcti e Leasehod bordInvestment.orOl ccuptio, rxond.Sury C- PUGH and Co. aredvitelt SELL bmjublicAUTO .-/ AUTO,it the Mart, on Tuesday, June 3 *a , at1pretty sei-etah COTTAGERESIDECE, knon asS aniod Cotg, Sorthmer-landtermat 8 pr anumgroud rnt.Theproear tyeis singexellnt'ear and hs a lrge arden witbackentrace, oorecurat,iand othergon venince, Ma bevieed btucn te horsbf 1 andwed by cardisionsy to e hd f te actoners an patiulas ad of W. Sh ILaendFq., solcior.8.Bedor-ro; t te uctonStat;andatth auc-. tioneers' ofices, 6, Blckman-steeetiSossthuark ValuableFreehold andLeasehold Residences, Clapham.common, and Lambetli-road, St. Gcorcg'scircus, and valuable Iteversions to Funded Property. CI PUGH 8ind Co. wvill SELL by AUCTION, at the 0I Mlart. on Tuesday, June 3, at 12. in three lute~, a valuable FREE- OLD RESIDENCE, called Brook Vill, on the south and most ecteemed side of Clapbmam-common ; also the Blion Residence adjoining, known as Roman Cottage; and an exceUcut Leasehold House, in the L^ambeth-road, St. George's-circus, prodlucing a large profit rent per anun,andvaluable reversions in theThre perCents. Lotsland2 maybe vnewed by permission of the respective ta-imauts, and by cards to be had of the auctioneers. Particulars had of F. Tritton, Esq., solicitor, Three Crownas-square. Southwnrk; the Plomigh, Clapham . at the Auction 3Iart; and at the auctioneers' ofices, 6, BLackman-street, Suffolk. R. AB3BOTT Wi SELL by AUCTION, at the a Svwan 20, Lavenham. on Tuesday, Jine 3, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, in 20 lots, POTT's FARM and WOOD , ith a good house and homestead, in the occupation of Mr. Thomas Richardson, in the palsbes of L-iyham, lIadleigh. and Shelly, containing 220 acres ; tho riory PFn and accommonXtion land, with a large family house, nuden, yards, and extensive farm buildings, in the occupation of 3r. oseph Xichardson anat Mr. Stutters. containing 103 acres; *a mansionhousc, pleasure grounds, gardens, paddock, and offices, in the occaPation of F. J. Barkway. Esq.; 40 dwellirxR-honscs, shops, and tenements, in prominent sitiations, at Lavenhmam; and a farm, mothe occupation of Mr. Joln Amos, caled Watermere River Farm, with house and homestail, in the parishes of Thorpe, Morieux. Preston, and lavenham, containing 56 acres: the whole estate, at the old moderate rental, including tho wood, prostuces 700 a year. It is intended to comnmence the sile with the allotments of meadow land at SheUy, and to proceed with Pott's Farm, at Layhama. the Pliory Farm, at lavenham, th- accommodation land there, Watermere River Farm at Thorpe illoieux, the mansion-honse and grounds, at Lavenham, the property in Bear-lane, High-street. Water-street, Lady-strcet, the Market-hill, Bolton-street, and to close with that in Shilling-street. Printellparticsslars and conditions of sale, with plans annexed, may bo had of helssrv.'Parker, Booke, and P.arker, solicitors, No. 17. Bedfordrow- at the Mart; at the place of sale; of the tenantsof lie farms' at tile Swvan Inn,B Lla,ve,nhnaOm Whieh5Odte Lion l y Sadiei.h; Rtose and Cron, ufiury Bll,Lon hIelfrs; Agel Buy t. Edmund's; Rutland Ama eN-vma.rket;t Cups, Colchester,; White Hoe, Ipsvw ch a2ned of Mr.Abbott.26, Bedford-rov, London, and Byresbury, St. Woodside-'house, Bealtieu-ioad, xorwood, a gentleneanly Residence, with rich Pasture Land. JW4I EIFCHILD is instructed to SELL bY AUC- Os avaway's on TuesdaY, June 24. the aoove very ex elent FA 1Y IIESIDENCE whbich as moss agreeably situate. in tlObsebPart Ot Norwood. fout nghe Besuieu.rossl, andimmediately opposite the central transept of the Crysta Palace. This tumly de. zirable dwelling-house, which bas been. corsiderably enaruged andl iranproved, and Is now dit for immediate occupation, contains six bed rooms snd dressing rooms, study, two elegantdamwing rooms. spacious diin room opening into aTerandab, breakfast parlour, entrance ball, tar case, and water-closet, sae, wine, and coal cellar, kitchen, launr bousekeeper' room and store room,pantry, servants' bedroman w.sh-novse, all well supplied wit water; detacked coachhue three-stal stable, and loft, cow-house, and poultry-houses.Wod sidde-house ls approaced by a carnrie drive through finely timbereda uds; it stand upon a beautiful aloptung lawn, which is beunded by ur?uriMabtsrubberies and theextensive flower and kitchen gardens, A. conservtory aLnd greenhouse are attached to the house, and very large rsmswere expended byvthe late Proprietor' inextending and improving the ordL Adjoining the entrance ledge, with valluable frontage to the =eu]ieu-roaa, kare two handsome enclosures of productive meadow land, and the entire property comprises i8a. 2r. H'p. The estateis held on a lease for lives, and is subject to an anniual reserved rent of Li 1is. Particulars and conditions of sale, with a plan of the propet, may bebhad 14 days prior totho sae, at Garrawss"s: of Messrs. Hughes, Nearsey, Masterman, and Hughes, solicitors, 17, Bucklersbury; and at Mr. Lerfchidld offices, 62, Moorgaitt-stree., city, where only cards to view may be obtained. Capital Freehold Residence, with about 8-0 acres of superior Meadow Land, at Harefield, Middlesex, -I~R. LEIFOHIILI) is instructed by the Proprietor iV to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Tuesday. June 21, at -12 forlI.in one or two lotn, averyrvauable and important FREE IOLD ESTATIE, pleasantl situate on an elevated gravelly site, commnanding plegasn=d extensive views, in the parish of Harefleld, and county of Middlesx. This desirable pro=et comnprises a spacious famsly residence,containingentrance- .ha 'brary, dining roam, arawiag room, and conservatory. 13 principal and aeconenayvbed rooms, 3 water-closets, the usual uinte of domestic offices, and conveniences, ample- stabling, loose box and coach-house, enclosed yard andl onrtbulldinga, kitchen garden and orchard. The house stands on a large lawn sloping to the south, with parterres. winding walks and ornamental ihrubberies and plAintations, and it overlooks numerous enclosurc of rich pasture land, wvhich are well timbered, and Eupplied wltith a fe ring of water that rise near the house. The estate, "'hic is freehold and tithe free, contains 48 acres and 11 Perches, and the only ontgoings are 7 per annum for the land-tax and 9s. ad for a freehold quit rent to th mnanor of Harefield. Nearly 14 acres of fine pasture land are held in addition to the aLbove, and the purchaser shall tak-e them at the rent paidby the vender. This prop)erty is about 20miles fromL.Ondon,fou fro Uxridg, tree romRickasort, arnlsevenfrom. theraiwaysttio atWetor' ad wileitposseses retattractious as getlean' reidece,it ~ eualy eigileanrd Tafualle for bauid- ingproses F artics ars adconitionafvl,wt lno h r to, wil shrty beCTIONu, and may beahadeat thetusualerfnsda waest oleld,nUbsdge,JLe2 Icmats12rfor an Wtheford;iat valuableaynd od essrs.o ESATrderSan vyresolicitors, In John-astreet oefertla-caro and atmees Mr. L eihi'sarnotecaiadaritw and tibrIVle, 2 o rate-trft cityguabrd omeiegImothcapitSalefm of Lande yd,Etts -Six capital Vree- hold Farms VZvontVainln 1,218 acres,iinng thge vcnthey,2ce of .Dvds Sxalva, madndwFabgard muti ad ihfieytmee o. alon th vaeyIfCtheL Gwes o insaced bycupthen ro prMetsorn MekerSEbenze beylAUCION ath theellnMarners Hotel,avve&frd west, onlebadnesdaybJue f1.eatold form1, nerthe holoingh voalubl andm designrable EStAi. Dvid',-Clifd in the pa ris f 2ahoes o Lcontaer. and 19naestof, nearitol thed caital matrke townr and thrtshofg Fish gusw,owmpied yng Sthecpitaetna Tofas Cilsof, Clynevm, anw exrellnt eas tiand i znew parasmo Llnes l ontniniur togethe 1,82 aVichres ofi isra bIa Mr meadow,end moupadcntain ln s 16ar with aieytmee wood rs, den lceea an devyesiabed frmesehod. hoeon farm,sertehg aroe froma ing 96 ama captal and,withwatrepower for thr eshing, are Haberfodwby M. Danelbr Phiips,and containose1 acroes,rth angod rcas- dhold and niewolyectd homaesteade TulcheorsegSoinpfrms 'yare insean anprocingmstate;ntheytarehl Latnmdert. et,ad h eatr of he ars.wllbe ssa dys reiouct the a-ts, andomayiethad Summrs.Faq* soicitr, averersest Hfot.l, Mareriott,F we.stli citor 1, ancater-lace Strnd; nd a r.lot,te fohlldoawlnd in. tunber offices, 62, Idoorategatthe-bstreett Haverforfi ~ ~ ~ ~ HTaorwest, ebeehr. laboHuePoet n Lethaseholdectand Faiflcoy Estaes,liveo Pwbic-houseds,hpiriWarehop,ontes eand Acideofmdastionz Pasewturewey Land. bc pqiss hl onMr Jednesday,Jues11ratl 12 fr1, i nuemieros, lin, the Foloings ield portant anrdeigibl ; pacoPsStrTIehouse andWrehsiuatesinthe besepats bzkof the aitaemrkCetdand broug townx oW.Hveroug riffs,ithin ah chestk diosane ofn the SougethrWaetwihts aiwystatlion; comprising axen riespretabes examniy t hervr no Dwellngnoue,oithwin and spri hho,onpth hueats,ideo Brside-auree. wvith brae wery.syard, and bakpremises bheld byMr.shoenkinsrd adpesmbleusnsPrmses, in the HFrite-ars, Wihrield brnankofte rcuiver Cb ddu letsrs o Maryhrc W ugGrih; the'Sa n,i rde Blackt horse bnn inr Tridgestreetp, with ithe bubldingsyrd and pemviessivmy remisessetndn torhemi verThreebo s adwelld,ing-houes rando thops hoSes, Inn Bridelge-strseetihcae, workshopsyar, and. Premises i behind, abutin ontheHol-intheWal, hlfiy M .=Lloyd spcosathry worksh ops yared, and prmies linro the Hl-nh wth mriverstreeIn, thel bywor Mr.rmas, Phelumpe wit Fetheeuldns, and premisesroomy Busiess Premiss, w gaehouens,and ead ncl theGrdenardtoft valuable accommodation pasture fields, all adjoining and adjacent to the old bridge, on the east bank of the river Cleddau, and in the several occupations of Means. Barnard, Fhrrow, Mrs Susan Griffiths, Messrs. T?. James, W. Jenlins, Maddocks, Morris, Owen, Picton, and Thomas. These desirable properties are held, some from year to year, some on leases for various terms and others on lives. They are well situate forbusnes prpoes an tey ffe-eigileopportunities for safe and Fembrokeshire,-Valuable Freehold Fares, near Plembroke. and de- sirable IMarine tesidences and House Property, at Tenby. LE'~S IFCHILD is instructed by the Proprietor 3ptl. SEL byAUCTION, at the Lion Hotel, Temby, on Thursday, June 12. at 1 for 2, that imnportant* FREEHOLD ESTATE, known as Bed Down or Floston Farm, in the parish of St. Florence, and abutting on the high road from Pembrok-e to Tenby ; it contamns 160 acres of arable anid meadow land, with good homestead, and in in the occupation of Mr. Griffiths. Also, in te parish of St. Mary, in the favouritewatering-place and borough town of Tenby, Four very genteel Family MansEe Residences, containing basement, ground dloor, and first second, and third stonces, with offices, gardens, and steps to the ands, at the end of St. Ju lia-street, near the pier and the ca;tle, with delightful southern sea viewis towards St. Catherine's and Caldy Islands; they ame held by Mms Ambhrose Smith end MEiss Millard. A valuable Plot of Building Ground, inL St. Jullan-street, let to Wililam Lock. Esat-; a Dwelling-house, in Hligh-street, with part of a grde abttng n Ceswel-etee, aso etto Mlr. Lock; DIwelinghoue ad Pemies,inFro-steet abttigan St. Mary's churcheyard-a andDwelin-hose nd remses inTowr-hll,nearlHigh-street, boTA held b Mr. Jhn Smih; Tw Ceechhouses withyard and prmies, in ro-tied exenin bak o te qwnwal,held by Amrs Fakuer; B.ihars; nd Plt o AcommdatonLand,hedbMrLo. All he oregingproprtyis let for various tersanthpeet sale offr aunslysfeopportunity for remunemieivsmns Particlr! n oniin fsale, with plans of the amadtt,wl be issued 21 days previous to the sale, and maybhaathelceo sale; at the Lion Hotel, Pembroke ; at theNeonHtl ifrd of James Summaers, Esq., Haverfordwest; of T?. L arot a.oi citor, 1, Lancaster-place. Strand; and at Mir. Lieidsofcs 2 Moorgate-street, London. B3ushey. near Watford, Herts.-Valuable Freehold Buiflding Land. MESSRS. PRICE and CILARK are instructed to -3SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, o Tuesday, June 3, at12 for 1, several valuable PLOTS of BUILDING LANID, on the high r3ad from London to Watford, in the charming vilage of Bushey, near the Windmill Inn, and a short distance from the railway station. Thlis property is situate in a beautiful country, surrounded by numerous resideces en beng n th hih rad,divded by the Uxbridge and Barnt rad, t hs te adantge o a oube frontage, rendering it paricuarl eigile or uidin puposs.The mater,als of the old buidig illbeoferd fr al atth smetime, May be viewed Regent's-parIa-In the Upper Avenue-road.-A frm-i-class leasehold Residence MESSRS. PRICE and CLARK WMl SELL by .kY. AUCTI ON, at Garraway's,on Tuesday, June 3, atP2 for1, an elegant detached VILLA RtEImIDENCE, being 21, Regent's-villas, Upper Avenuie-road ; containing seven b~ed chambers, a bathroom, noble reception rooms, to., and is replete wvith domaestic conveniences. T'here is also a large walled garden, well stocked wvith fruit trees and shrubs, excellent stabling, and enrige-house. Tris desirable renideuce is held for a term of 87 years, at the low ground rent of 24 per annum, Immsediate possession may be had. Particulars can be ob~tained of J. Weymouth, Esq., solicitor, Clifford's-inn ; at Gan-away's anid of Messrs. Price and Clark, auctioneers. 48, Chancery-lame, Fificbley.-An. elegant Freehold Residence in the Italian style of architecture, with 12a. lr. Sp. of land, the property of thie laote Thrower Buckle Herring a MESSPRS. PRICkTT and SONS have been faMvoured with instructions to DISPOSE OF the above desirable RESEI)ENCE, by AUCTION, at the Miart, ounVedanesday, June 4. at 12. This valuable estate. mostdes1rably situlate at East-end, Finchley, near to Trinityv Church, in the county of Middlesex, commanding dellghtfulviewas over Coae-wood, the se-at of the Earl oft asfed anid the adjacent country. The reidenciseeatndsbatal and has for several years past been occupidb'' .Hrig a. lately deceased, and comprises, on thecabrfo,sipinpl bed chambers, five servants' rooms andwtrcoespinpaad secondary staircases; on the ground fori elpootoe entrance-hall, a dmning room 25 feet by 18 fe,eeatdaigros communicating by folding doors, the xrm iesosbig3 eet by 10 feet, a library, and convenient doestic offices, wellarne a-ard, with brew-house, uniformx erectiont of stabUing adcrig houses, pleasure grounds, conservatory, grapery, kitchen garesan farm-yard, together with an enclosure of rich meadow land contain- Fing oether 3idlase.-l.3The estateeit freehold, excepr a smallr slip of opured and wfells dhesevsati prptyotelarticularlyero gentlemHerrng by tcEtSSonl,p detIlKedTpartclas with parins,otainted onap plictioet EMeasaodan rne,sltors,t ELb UTO.o the Falconsteet, cisty: and.t Miebles. oricot nedaSon, auc ti ofJnce.n land valouers,day, Socuthamtonbulditgssm Chadn,crp-lane,handsomehgahoe,n fideex. Pochsy, Araia.nddtFrench bexdsetweadl-mahest factredmoderanisur tops, andgeffects,h thepoet ofua theatber TroerButes e tHerring,u ESSPRC ETand Srmunfnesadfrios o Nhs, caire,l instructedbyna iLLth Excutors t SELL by UCTION, andth Premises. at Eastdend Fiebly. n ednsda, te 1th ofJne.adfloigdy llighgate.-Household Furniture and Effects. 1MAESSRS. PRICKETT and SONS will SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, No. 2, Fitrovy-park ViUas, Hampstead-lane, 11ighgate, onWVednesday June16 at 15,theHOUSEFIOLD FURNITURE. comprising bedsteads and bedding, cheste of drawers, and the usual csamber requisites, set of extendingdining tables, rosewrood draw;ingand dining room furniture, damaask winow curtains, Brusselacurpets, pianoforte by Broadw,ood, pedestal sideboard, sofa, china, gless, kitchen utensils, garden roller, and other effects. MIay he viewed the day prior to the sale, and catalogues obtained on the premises; and of Messrs. Prickett and Sons, .auctioneers and suarveyors,3s, Sontbampton-bnlldings, Chancery-lane, and H ihgbgte, hitddiesor. gyde, Isle of Wigt,-By 3Ir. EDWARD MBARVLN, at Sivier's Hotel, Ryde, on Thursday, the L2th day of Jnoe, at 3 o'clock. T HIE very valuable Property, known as mount d ouse, a handsome detached family residence, situate in a frn elevatedpartof Byde, commanding extensive sea viers, contahoing nne bed roams, dres.ing room, dning and drof win rooms, library, breakfiast parlour. with ununsually complete domnestic oifices;* a fourstaUl stable, coach-house, with coachms 's rooms and loftin ovr flowrr garden, la;n and terrace wealks, forming altogether a most convenient and comfortable sea-side residence for a large family. The tenure is leasehold far i99 years subject to 16 per anum wa groud rent. Particulars may be had at the hotprel at yde, Codpes, Portsmouth, and Southampton; at the Auction Mfart; of Mcssrs. i. and R. Lal and Knudal, solicitort 10, LincolEns-inn; of Messrs. Cobb, surveyors and land agemgtfu, 1Li,colfs-inn-fields; andeof Mr. Edwuard Mfartin, ith auctioneer. Ryd, of wvhom carls to viewo mybe obtained. Capital long w easehold Property, for Residence orusvetment.Blom field-rosd Iaida-hill. Mt/ESSRS. GREEN ( Old Bond-street) have rep ceived inetruaioe s to SEin, by AUiCTION, at Garkawiay's, on Wecdnesd.ay. June 4.at12 (unlessprcviouslydisposed of), a valuable long LEASEH1OLD PROPlDgTY * comprising the most excellent and substantially-built drtached family residence, known an Randolphhouse, most pleasantly situate ina Blomafield-roadl, in one of the most delightfuL, healthy, fashionable, andoccessible suburbsof town,with large gardens, conservatory, green houses, detached bliDiaed room, stabling, 5c. : the whole in periect order. The house contains entrance portico, stone-paved hall dminig, drawing, and breal;fasttrooms, conlscrvatory, six bed chambers, bath room, and very excelent offices The garden is laid out with great taste in lawn andproductive border, well stocked, and surrounded by lofty vwall. Thispropertypreeentsa capital family residence, besides which itposoeeses ample speceforthe erection of extensive stabMing sand a pair of villas, having a depth of 216 feet, with a capital front.age to RandolPh-road. It is held for an urnexpired ternm of nearly82 years;, at a nonnnal groumdront of ; Particulars may be obtained of Meossrs. Thompson, Debonham, and Brow, solicitors, Sahtess'-hall, city; at Garrawvay's; and of MIess. Green, 28, old Bond-sircet. Caraden-towea-EligibleLeasehold Iuvestment. 1U,EDWIN FOX is dir-ected to SELL by AUG- .LLTION, at the Mfart, on Thursday, Jume 8, at 112, in lots, Fo UR very excellen't ItESIDMEK.adrantageounly situate, and forming One side of Rocbester- uw. mden-town. being Nos. 5. 6, 7, sad , Victoria-terrace,occupidyesetbemeane,e, at rents amountiag to 1f0 etrannum, and held forilong *erms at lowgrosndryentg, May be viewed, and particulars had, on the p-remises ; ait tbe-Mar- of M.esarrs P?~son, Carling. and Hope moUicitors, 3, Frederick-place, bId Jswrs': 0 mr ut ouse agent, 7 Stratford-place, Caxuden-town; and at M1r. Edwin Fox's offices 41, Oaeman-strmet, BankX Islngtn, didlesL-.eq bgile nvestment, suitable for assall caialss and others 1MR. EDWIN FO~X Will SELL by AUCTION, at IVLthe Mart, on Thursday. June 5, at 12 in fouar lots, by order 0 the Mortgagee. under a power of sal cpital LEASEHOLD PROrFRTY, cosmpriung eight excellent%rck.bauit residences, situate and being Nog,26, 27. 28, 29. and 0, st.rPan's-place. and.Nos. 8.9. and Ict, St. Paul's-terrace. near St. Paulrs Church, Ball's-pond, Islington, in the oocupation of'respectable tenants, at rents amounting to 308 par annumn; held for an unexpired term of 70 year s. t low ground XM aybdewebI .-ms ot o the tenants. Plarticulars and cornditions.f salehwad'a'tth.rMa'r';fI.L lu,s 1 edod row; and at Mr. Edwin Fox'sofc4,oea-teCi; Te~nmigton.~Leaseholdi House. for occupation or invetmnent. 1jJR. EDWIN FOX is directed biv the Mortgagee to SELL IbyAlCTION . at the Mart, on thursday, June o, at 12, a convenient 1tIiIDENCPP agreealVy locatedl. No. 319,Portobello.ter. race rortobello-roav:, St. Mary Abbotts, XCeusington: held for a term of 87 -ears,at a ground rent of 68 per annu, and ready for immefisteoccupancy. Maybe ewed, ndpartiulras adofJohniebAr" Esq., solicitor, 2D, tlatrhonse.square: at the Mart: and at Mr. Tdwin Pox's offioes, 41, Coleman-street, Bank. W Bishop'sStortford. Herts-VWotes for the County. Tt.EDWIN FOX Will SELL by AUCTION, at t George Inn, Bishop's Stortford. on Thrdy June i2, at IS. hy orderof the Mortgagee, in two lota, FIVE hrick-euilt FREEHOLD COTTAGES, situate in New-park. South-street. May he viewed, and p?articulars had of Win. Murray. Faq., solicitor, 11, London-street, Penchurch-street : of Messrs. Crowder, M:aynard, Son, and Lanford, solicitors, 57, Coleman-street ; at the place of sale; and at Mr. Elvin Fox's offices, 41, Coleman-street, Bank. hold Plroperty, offering to capitlss rses and others, secure and iIfR.EDWINFOX i fzavu~edwith inastructions to ITJ.SELLby ACTIN, a theMart onFriday, June 20, at 12 in tenntshu atinaeqaterens,occpyig very imporanpoio. and romthe xtet o theare on hic itstands,.fodn -vn tagousopprtnites orbuidin prpoes,bywhich means a greatly imprvedrenal ayb obaind, he remses maybhe diewed, and paricuarshadof lesrs.War an Wae,solicitors 98, KingslandreaLd; ofMassrs. Devonshire and Wligr solicitors, 8, Old Joe-ry; of Messrs Desborough anad Go.. solicitos 6, Sise lane; of MCr. Win. Roscoe. solicitor, Iring-Etreet, Finsbury; of Mr. F. Breughton, s3llsitor. 4, Falcon-square ; at the Mart; sad at Mrx. Edwin Fox's offices. 41. Coeman-street. Bank. By ordr of he Morgagee-Thstrapety Invetmenlt, in capital Weekly R. EDWIN FOX -vill SELL by A-UCTIONI, at ,Uk the Mart, on Friday, June 20, at 12. mn one lot, TWELVE Eub~staniall-buit HOSES,situte ad b ing oEn 21, 22 and 23. 24,Wake-sret,Wadgewrte-road-!a vebyipovind psiin lt a respect-pable as ofgewaeelrteant, anoftrent amountinagu of upw ar-so ic0lar myer Mabe obtiewed and tarticarrs had onsrs thes premiss aud MEss trs. Els hlis nlatr solicitors, 12, Clement'lse-laned-tret; adar atdthe Mart; andcs at, olmaEwn-sFoets oficsa 4,Conansret Bank.ecut f ok-ml M W.EDIN FOX will SELL by AUCTO,a TheN, onth FriaybotJune 20.atfo1d, bysprderiofte ispsigees.f byWELvatLInt G-H T OF SE,EHeLD FAtRMSwr. t situate inth Prospg etplace. dewy1iare-rad and of. r the annual vaelueg ofus0. antuamsmad b Wte obtaindmt. h Mart ; of Messrs.had llis.ePhillips,band Beannster, 1stecrmiadHge,sltors, 1.Clmntslae Lmard-estreet ;an atnMr. M.Edwin Fox', offices, 41, Coleman-street, Bank, In sm thehacountyodor Cal reold Furg-TeArshuntdEsat feldnea R.EDWRSN FOXI aill sOHortySELL bygt aUC- iLL TouN, atat tey T altins,tructdford unleAssgprevoslyf Mesp,srsof by PrIvate Cotrac. t,GTWO FREEHoLDFiaRMS,T situate2 in the paristheofiradord,teiashpodornmetaETenA ndountysofhYork,onhetaeingh respestivl with ac euiflvares, n t.S.P ithedwe lling-house ando febuildg, cearlle lack-Cart Frm,lewhich hasd a otoan-freldo five acres, tithese, Mandomrsman2 andcuges,f soalictr, 1edwod, Bckeand, ateondat fir.entAdwin ox' wefs 21 Comletefman-stresteank. mstsbtata Messrs. Standa a tidned Cor' thnlmekepteys urt-The Arutestate,nea sMEsSpoS.h DAVISo andl eJtredrotheO-tE begt an- althunco athagrat theyvareon instructhedbythe Asneasy toftMessrosa. dteahsng Paul,sand Barsres,.n witete councuirrenceg of thea Meritgagefu. tosraorSLLy,aUT2 getean' tudy, awsy onFridyJune20 atain roomintom lets,ingit the imporary,and spaietausThaTE anow bilarAdhromatndoher wisey ning s sroom withe iomsbatifulfvillsa resideance,olt c)the seato ir.aSterhand,cdetainhTerly sppintuaeinamt pituequest o iountry,abisouten tlvemiles from a tepom rando thre fdomesDeofficgs Sureyt stheliestcatehi freehold,unearlyndIotland-ttx redeemed,Tandladportionsfreetfromogrea tionthesan lomprisaresn68 bacreif U aiabout ieadorteore,andotherorna-~ cmmnaiandin mliest aex2tcomplee farm deihofulteaws iner thspcubestania prepionr,ndauhrdey useedafrtegamekeepner'esqugarteres.,Teaesdence stanvedspntchenbrwdfen. l shewhleoteredrom te nrtiih andes,andi, althughatagrea elvaton,is aprocheobyamnteasl ytrttingproad Th Scomoaiosafr JdaeOHpinia N dT9E aeondtruchaters condseraor,a etlmn'ltuy aE L vSAEry unmriiquedrwin roosm cns. m ictnWthhe libArasy paious.-haierand ilirduromt ady tIEa'S Sea;aR teraro. h domestcl JOHNcSaeThNE sarlin,icach upo th flwe gaden beutfuly lid utin atere and SELey ucs Toto ho ure,Tee auntre alsoffct oraneAishandtraperie,and po dciveskitchenaden, The wholgee of thesproprt S saba hnd and Co iosE, lik mostIof th onteigboreinestaes, fame M ondamy,tJun y by the prlo-i piterah Particulars aresidncours cofprepara tieomplanemayeqi otained by apinciplatind teonWllamBll cmer.,sfficaloass ignee,g,oleanstreewbildings; of JerTlaCorlteyrvng Ein soliior. 8.Lamb'sfo Conlduitchamoire, alondon' ofr t arter vaubehses, Eoqk, Busolcitor, velegte atr ptheg Marts; andofds actionezdaeris, 68.Mar-antpte.Londn,yadpe Eligi YJuble Lpaintldgs, for water tlonedatohwi an xtnsv MESSRS. DAVIS and OHplStOe, avre anstDrcesde ,LXLtoELLbyUCTION at Grraways,honFriday. Junf8 aonetic shops No.S an 9, hurc-stret, outhack.andst sixtbrc-uillz ,o rens 70 er nnu, ad hld or tem o wICh 1ld yeaswere unaLudgae-steet:and f th auctonees, 6, M fktne, sutine Sautfle mofdiemHouseitiePaUddr BeakruEptcyLne R.ON a ALRraa'.EDFia,Jn COX w tM 2 TWOL LIn AunNU-(o obtain redathe art ofe wmllbeill, HUE, 4.Ofcl Grassignere,tr oemanSt strne'swtbpet-uligmfiseasradjFasrinighedMy solicitoars,78 adleantree, osiho; teands,ofthae,autioneers,ne8.-Mark-lane.rsofcs e Bo-theet nEUpprntr Band efftrect.fAhrtMnin 1iJFESSSRS DAVIS an JOHNSOld haaltve been. by ACTIN, o thpreise, onMonay.June23 an fonllowin days at 1 fr 12 eah da, te cotlyAPPO 'TiXn twoarr ofnMr 2-iprncipl an secodarychamers:-ahog cyhdningroomfand boudois-Dr, eat bilirdable,ln vaiablehldcoc, Boruivstmelandvelvetcuarpein,Ra. s anFRDci draeres brllin pELatechiney n piera glases, aluble aintngsand atercolursrwnsexw, anvextensiv librry f coiceboos, ideoardof odenrpate,nexpiresadtDresden chia, ichcutglas, ellr o exellnt inethafitiingTsofad omesti tNeear s t reNedIng, Sle, byWcatalg,ures, Alesac,moble obtainFredold Wariiame Btell a, ocandl andsignedee,l, conemanstreet-uiladns- of 5 68.Mark -lane, odon,l flAal n eao ad,cnein Boeseautdu modwel-rnrHuse, wgicultPaddock,dneazEsmLie lI R. ALFRED CO will SELLyA'CT, at the Mr,o IT MtJue (ortna prvouly)g, a the y.Jne2 eleanRE inCte, Waltonwihooach-h oude,o stabropietoran' room,ject.-Auchodtiioners aes, 64, b prowuBend-strehet,meand spperBakehr-tee lt.,teaoe eiU A i botiieshfor tLeaseold;g Crown Invte Sotm-ent. r tiw lndf1R. ALesfrED Ch X exc lln SareLL,N on June11fordSrr. May beforehedand),tirepwell-bustHoSE 4,e GrleatRnyder-catreet,Sc. Ricames'seenwithd,chpropriesoadoinig thel frorisesyVedrs adletrt responsibuleatenants,n 'onslease,ate 1ay net.hadcine offices,s HNewe adBond-sree,an sUppeors Bakedfr-street, acioer,ghsret Imorandstome ansion.listh Grounds,tat OldChren, aK tent.- ~_qR. DRCUP will SELL b UTO, on Juor1 unes y-dy )Jn , at n oble3BEiEnCte dfern tached,ion t acrs,o Lam lArgESandcoftymecepiong roomus, prmstonesitairaseihevr besutaert ofcs thew Bend-street, borud oppf BnakeSr-sre,cotigosttb.Vs ton,~~~~~~~~~0 IAPR. ALRED Cil1 SELLl SELb Jny,a the arut,(rpevi.ousy, the excellen BEIEoC n SToc ING moteethdelightfllody,situate2No, 124,Ssexpae,oerok ing the SUpar-Uan inThCKorougSH IPair;hedfr anuepreOemo 65 years t a ground rent. May he viewed nndi patclashd fH Samer,Es,, ocors-comos; t he ar ; nd f he ucioner 64, Nw Bon-stret, o 2, Uperuaker-tree St. Leonard's Raliway Station, wvith possession if desired, lR.RICHIARD MNOSS has received instructions IL fro thelforegagees. under a power of sale, to SELL by AUCTION. mit the Mfart, on Friday, June 27. at 12, in onie lot, the capit-al FREEHOLD INN or PUBLICHOUSA, known by the sign or the Fountain, occupying a prominent position op site the sea, and close 'to the St. Leonard's Station of she South lnast and South-Eastern Bauiways being one of the most improving situationis in this fashi-saable watering-place. The house contains bar, bar parlour, mnokirg room, kitchen, club room, and eight bed rooms, withi cellars in the basemnent; goodI yard, with stalled stabling for six, horses, coach-hemse, loft, ud mce's rooms; aIso a cottage aciosng with a blacksomith's shop behind. The whole ban been erectedwlithnign awftew yenis and presncts an uusullyfavouabe Oportrit tem acivemanfor establishing a ilouishng ad lcratve usinss,as pssesionmaybe hiad if rehad n te prmiss; o Mesrs.Hopr, Geen, and ut tLws oanbe~ehld Faitate at Ripe, in the county of Sussex,-By Mr.: BUSHB tthe White Hart Inn, in Lewes, in the county of Sussex, on Tusa,Juse 17, at 3 in the aftoroon, A LLta desirable Freehold Farmn, situate about .-C3 meven miles from LewegB ix from HaLahm. and threefromnthe B8erwick Station on the Brighten and Hastings Railway, in the parishes of Ripe and Selmestou, vithin the Rape -of 2evensey, ina the county of Sussex, comprising SO9a. r.22Sp., bethe samemore or less,of excellent syable, mneadow, and pastiure lanid; together with alt that very superior residence, belonging to the said farm, situate immiidiately opposite the church and parsonage, in the village of Ripe, and also thie farmbuildings comprisinglbares, stable, oowhouse, cattle lodges, pigger, cart anilwaggonllodge. granary and cottages for labourers, andga des Theaoe meitioned farmn andpremises are now, and for many year pat, hveben i th occpaton fMr. William HGlmdlen, ars jenn teant aihe ery ow entf 74.The tithes have been com-. mute, an thlndtaxreemd Te estatewll be sold subject to an annua payment of 8 S.S.drn h ieo a lay aged 80 raiunene Dcmernx.Thxsaeta,viwdo maye hd a th Brstl Htel Brghtn;or of theautoer t GreaLt Ilulebone dseett.-Improlved Refn69prtnnm j ESR . ELLIS and SON are dlirected to SELL AUCTIOby A Garraway's, on Fridpy. MAY 3D, at 2-2, anll IMPROVED zMTL f9 erannum,axisit, frocir a, Bats bric-.bult dwelllng-hLOUse,witb ulb'efrontiln=Aeo a 'alua'03" Great Marylebone-Areet; held for atn unexpirdted nm yas t 7 per annum ; let to Mr. Ietche lot the whole term, at 1G per annum, Pdinte%srtiC1d=rsniay be bad, 10 days peter to the sale, of Messrs DrecegaN sons, solicitors 10 Eilliter..quare: at GazyawaJ'zl andofMers Elland Soebsuctoe;ess,36, F.chusr.h-set.e~ Clamberwel,-bofueRveae Frehol Ho sad Land. ot wI~smE.ELSad SNaedrce by thie ,L.Devlaees in brs AV-nleon doaed o~ TION. at Gacwy',o Fia. jr30 t12 h vERtsioN from teeprtOo h rsn es tL,~iy18 tol13 substantial FEHL rc-ul OSS n ses house called Paklde n ic tutiggon,alst atea SuhmSouthampton- ouhmtn-tet Cmewll fteestimated value of 400 Per anm rne atclr a ehd1 a prior to the sale. ofMsr.SihadAlstn oiioe aiol court, Throgmnorton-arc;a arwys n Son, auctioneers,3, Fenhr-tet. ersPlsan CambherweIL-To Stablckeepes,Burilders, be, MI,ESSRS. ELLIS and SON are directed to SELI& LY.by AUCTIO.N, a t G arraway'sr, on Fri day, May 30, a t 2 2, su LESHoLDp PROPERTY, situate in. George-stret, Cabre comprising four brick-built cottages a large encloeed yard, three-sts,il s~ale.stadin fr to eniaes a ne-tol sable, broughamnwhouse, loos bo, pmp o waer.The ottgesarelet for the whole term, at Llfieranurn Th stbles do, arinhnd,The whole isheld for Stockwell-green,-Two Houses, with Shop,the ctenure equal to Fret_- bold. __ S S.ELLIS and SON' are directed to SELTL bvACTION. at Gasraways, on Friday, May 30, at 122 TWVO HOUSES, having a frontage of abont 33 feet to the roa'd, zitsate oa Stocbw ell-green, near the Tower Tavern, a veyipoing neighbourhood; let to. and in the occupation of, M.Mr Cook, at 2 per annum, held for a term of 1,001 years from 1672, at!a pepper. corn4rent. Plosession maybe had. May heviewed, andprinted par. ticularslbad 14 days prier to the sWe, of Memus. Wilson rnd Bristow. solicitors, 1, Copthall-buildhins CoPthsal-coiurt at Garraway1)& aul of Messrs. Ellis and Son, auctioneers do.. s6, Fenchurch-shtret The Brtih SpermandeCmpnl Works, Fairfield-road B3ow,. 1I,rssRS. EL I and SON have been favoured with instructions by thD2irectors of the British Sperm Candle Company to SELL by AUG'TIO1l at Garraway's Coffeehouse, Cornhill, on Monday, June the fid, at 12 o'clock, in one lot, (unlnI an aoceptable offer be previousl made bytpris-ate contract,) the exten. sive and admaira'bly adapted PRUEMiSES, tesupeor and costly Plantk and Utensils, (erected within the last three years at an expenditure of nesrly60,OOlt3 and the Goodwil of this important undertaking, It may benecessary'i explantion to state thatthe CompenywaatoreM~ for the manufacture of stearic and composite candles; that an article. has been produced of unrivalled quslity and aLvaluable and extenaivo, counexion. formed throughout the kingdom and the colonies creatinV. a demand that the Company were unable to meet from an inadequatocapital, whien alone baa compelled its dissolution, and the neeessty, for the present siale thus offering to rapttabsta an aprult D n tering upon an established undertaking that mast Proreheiuetly(if ence&sful and yield the mnoat liberal pronite, The whole of the plantaillL works are in complete working condition : they have been oonstrucce,~ upon the most approvsd plinmples embodsing all modern cientific simprovements, reKaulatedhyv a practical knowledge of the object inview, which is evident in the masterly arrangement of the whole of the work-S7 The heating processe throughout the umaufacture, and the chicf pait of the mechanical operations, are Performed by steam, The present plant is equal to the working of about 60 tonEof candle esr weer; brti -the premises would admitof a considerable ertension ot the manufac tore by a smlladdition to the plant,which wiall oub)tlesbe clledfor by themicreased demand that iil arise from the reduced price of the raw material. The premises which are within five mumutese walk of the Bow Stationad occpY an area of upwards of four acres, are heldby lease or about S6yearsat aguroundrentof 6Ouae"" -with powerto redeem thezasme, n-Iiakgtlseproperty frseho Fri information and orders to view may be obtained on applicationato Westmhasteal taes, perannm,clear or 1iFSSRS. EL I n O r directedl to SELL M E.Lby AUCTION,a arwys al in June (unless an accept.- able offerbe previousyae rvt otract), TWVO FREEHOLD) 3DWELLING-HrOUSE,wt insm oenfot,staeN 25 and 29, Horseferr-od iiak e'ise,rcnl etit and in complete repareahcninnioroso.2lttod. Busby, ayearly tnn,a3peanu;o.291.1toM. nox at15 oc nu.T eveeh o on ofthteas.riti particas may behaofess.od,GeeranRwetsil citors, 5,1Bil1iter-etreet; at Garraway's n fMsr.EladSn a-ictioneers and estate agents, 36. Fenhrboet Beaiutiful Marble Staie 'us Bss n aes fin1od IBronzes Mosaic andMaahtTals alrPitrsanohe Works of Art,mauy vauberrl hme icsCnear n edestals in superiorcaioabenth ir.adntiprat portion of - the Stock- ofMsr.BonanCo,bwh'dietn J~ESSRS UHOT adJRI iSELL. CTb ONattheGaslrc,iUivriye con Tesd Jlune 3, aLnd tw olwn as termsshvn endisposed o the important cleto fWR~o R, abe comprising - the group of eLoontei fthorgnliheacs, prand terminal fgrs sc iefe ih ornbebsso oa Emperors, fivebeuil alegorical groups, 3man hr~nf n eluding Canova?s Venus, Diana Robmsg.Psycbse,I6eeHrisD~ Gladilator, groups of the Graces. Mrars and VenuLs, a fznel.rcfa fountain, with baDcha allan flgureslfero -an originalfigure yntm also Psychie by Tenerani, the Nymph of the Arno, line cine et vases, Urajan's col-mn in Rosso Antico (very rare), a valual iclr malachite table 01 inches in diameter, beautiful memice table,3csl Oriental alabaster vases of large aize,mayfubrnegop,iues busts, vases, and ewers; several beautflyn upurdLus~aor and other chimneyv-pieces, suitable formasosf bfrtrIe,i statuary and other marbles ; a lageaudvlal olcin!pdsas and candelabra in seagliola, choice Foetn om.iwr~ gallery pictures, and other works of at ab iwdtredy previous to the sale, and catalogues hada h fie fMsr.Rs. worth and Tarvis, Saviile-rosw eetsre,ad t,Cac-le, Cornhill. To Small Capitaliste-LoglaeodHue,Cedlnro,ad Camden-street, Kensington-ii.B1y Mrt. AiEF,azt te Mart oonliiday. June 2, at 22, in two lots. -FO .No. 492, Story-street, Caledoniau-road, iL-l slingtomm, a nine-roomed House, held for 99 years from 1sis. at ste per annum, now in baznd, but of the estimatedI annual value ofX3-. lot 2. No. 24, Camden-street, KCensington, a seven-roomed House,_ held for 72 years from SIl, at 4 l0s. per annumn, now in hand, hot ofthe estimated annual valne of 296. Maybe viewed on application and particulars had on the prenmiaes;- at the Duke of RichizinioTavern, Caledonian-road; -of Mr.Bilnj, 36 Allsop)terrrcNew-oad of Mr. Peachey, solicitor, 17,Salisbury-square and of Mr. labies, auctioneer, b, 63.6 M Nw Bond-street. Desirable leasehold Investments, en the Marqui of Westmluecer)s Estate, Mrount-street, Grosvenor-square.-By Mr. LAHIEE, at the Mart, on Monday, Junoe2, at 22 for i, in two lvts, by order of the - Executer and proprietor, -FOUR ca-pital HousWroducing -700 per annum, JUas follow-.:-lot 1, No. 3, uctg250 per annum and No. 4, producingX180iper annum-total 410 per aninum; - in both cases con-- siderable premiumehaveo beeni paid for the leases held under theMatrquis of Westminster, 27 syears unexpire.,at 1per ammnnum lt 2. No. 226, producing 120 per annum:n o.227. Iroduclug20er annum-total 42702scr annum ; held as above, at ,40 per annum, gh -. value of No. 126 is ,j 1;60pr annuta, and S200 Premium was paid for the lease of No.2127. let 3, formerly advertised, is withdrasn, No.2MG mnay be viewed on application - Neo 3 and 4 if and when convenient to the tenants, Particularsto iie 1had (14 days prior) at theoMart; of Mfr. Geo, Corpe. solicitor. , Lincoln's-iun-filsids; andaut Mr. Labec's offices,60, NewBond1-street. .Kensington.-Well maLnufactured and medern Furniture, j' R HARLES J. B AKER begs to announce that thei SALB of FURNITURLE, advertised fer Tuesday Jueno3 uponu the Premises, S. Gordon-place. Keansneton, at 12 for I, WH1~ I~TTAKE PLACE.-Auiction offices, 21, 11otsolnb-otreet, lielgravesquare. A'UCTION, at hsgetRo,3.Kn-tet oetgre,o Friday. 30th instn.ntsprwubieue e efhegmo this insetvaluable asmlg feoi rhd,Mrh iwdoto morning- of sale, adctlge a fM.3 .Sees 8 ig street, Covent-gadn F'ine Collection of Fossils, Minerals, Coins and Tokens. choice Cabinet Pictures, Idbrary of Scientific Works, Plate. Fumniture, Brougham, &C. R. NEWSON begs to announce that the entire M YPERtSONAL PROPERLTY of the Rev. Thee. Image. deceased wil be SOLD, wBithout reserve. at the Rectory, WhepsteaLd, near Bury St. Edmund's, on Thursday, May 29, and following days. Catalogaesi at the Bedford Hotel, Covent-garden ; and of the auctioneer, B3ury St. Edmaund's. To Printers and Printers' Brok-era W. LEWIS and SON, Printers' appraisers anld aauctioneers, wil SEL-L by AUCTION, On the Premises 14, 3Holywell-street, Strand, on Tuesday. June 3, at 11 for 22- precisely, the coN.\TENTS of a PRWTI.G OFFICE, consistinFohaf aboout three tons. of typo from 10-line to diamiond, with framecs, rc - chases imPosing stones,five imon presses, inking tables, imon staInding Press a laLrge quantity of woodcuts for childreni's books, do. To be viewed the day preceding and mminwgof sate, Catalogues,witlhPrinted spec.imens ef the type, maay be hiad of the auctioneers, 21, Finch-lanle. To Stationers. Dealers in Faincy Goods, Brokers, and others l/R. PAGE wil SELL by CTO,ate .1. oms, 24, Moorgate-siet. OnEriday, lfay10D.atfl, theSTOCK of a STATIONXER and ACCOUNT-BOOK MAXNU-FACTUIRERI, rem`priing200reas o shet nd isTpos, lrgepott5 post and foolscaP, 150000envlops,10.00 ffiialdito,ledersjoumals,day booDks, anassotmet o facy ood, treecopingpreses li. The fixturesincud tw ion afs, evralglss-ass, hre sasstoves, mabog,lytopcouterfited ithnumrou drwer, d. T be viewed, (,taloges t te roms an attheaucioner' ofice, , Coleman-street. Deptford and Grecowich,-Eligible Long Leaseho"d Eftates, at low- ground rents, proaucing M204Ss. per annum .31R TONSED will SELL by AUCTION, at t c DTc Castle, Deptford, on Thursday. June 5, at 2, in four- wic, oolsic.B .24,6an 7,LA Dirnaslt-errawe, Creek-rsoad DptorWdNosN FardSm-stret and 38 ,30 othe 3L,nde, anetnd e not-streetanda No.g, Fish-sreet, DeptfrdblMay.be viewead,andhepariuars beso of 0.aHghes, utErwqc.a sobeistor,3313.Greebam-dtitreet, latdelnd;tof arideemen,with. sliitor,exceptiord.o of sttheiaiuctio nnee,Geenwih. neemt disyri Julyo th,aut2fsorj3sin thlebrafternoon, inhe lxtots i Nuliyfthrms,u aibnd a otevr mlauded IGBn. Wstmeat- conb- and Skegrness. Printed particulars, writh lithographic plans, 2may hohad 14 days prior to the sale Of AMessrs. Rooper, Birch. Igram. and.. Whately, solicitors, S ZiOOla's-iOn.-flel, lOnledou ; Messrs. VWhte and calthrop, solicitors Boston; Mfr. Swain, Wrangle; and Of thO-. Highily important to Printers. R,FS'SRS. IIEPPER stud SON are favoiired wiithi. IVI.histructions toSBELL by AUCTION, at their Commercial SaleRoomu,bTrinity-tret, Leeds T-morrow, May 29tlh, the following- and R-;S: n duble royal double: cylinder perfecting printing macblue. with rollers, stocks, and roller- meuda(byDrden o lnde),a vryvalabe ot;a upe-rya confidence reco'mmcnr them to the attention oftlfetrade. hAaybe viewed en Wednesday, the 2th. The sale will openatfl o'clock in tho forenoon. To-morrowv (Wednesdayd, at 6.-Household Furniture of cvery descrip- tion. Pianofortes, Looking-glasses. /IESSRS. JONES and BONHAI will SELL by' 1 1AUCTION, at their great Rooms, Ilandl2. Leicester-street. THIS EVENING 'Wednesday). at 6 to the minute, a large quantity of HOUSEHOLD FURN`ISHIG ITEMS, consisting of every description of property required in drawing room, dining room,bed roomv, and kitchen, a capital pianoforte, looking-glasses of all sizes, Brussels carpets in great quantity, newv and second-hand, kitclen requisites, garden maments, and numerous furnishing and ornamental property. On View as above. N.B. No sale on Thursday, 29th, Auction Rooms, established 1793 for the Sale of every description of Pro . vin,-Household Furniture, CoUlections of Pictures, Pints Books, Ilate, Jewellery, China, Glass, Mnusical lnstruments, anu mwiscelaneous Effects in generam every Wednesday, Thursday, and Fridays evenings throughout the year. at 6 to the minute. ltMESSRS. JONES and BONHA1lI beg to acquaint 17L the nobility, gentry, executors, trade, and public in general, their Anction Rooms, IL 12 and 13, Lolcerter-strect. Loicester-ouar are the ieostelgiblo in tndon for th SALE of all kindsaof HOUISS. HOLD EFFlCTS, stockintrade, andarticles of ve-tu. Cashadvanced to any amonut upon every clas of property previous to sae, and all baJlances; paid the following morning. Nq.B. nventories andvaluatioos [made for execuors and others, and sales effected at private residenoe'. To Picture CoUectors. Connoisseurs, and others.-Without reserve. CoR. IZOD il SELtLte by AUCTION, on the Pre- *Ases, &Na Regent's-quadranti Ifegent-steet under abiU of sae, on Friday. May30, at l for 2 precisely, a COLL1sCTION of high-lass PAINsTINGS, among wehioch o aybe namned the aHoly Family, Raphaeurs agrardi Losand eniFigures, o N. Pous-ina Vessels in aCalm, b; Vandeveldta tho Prsentation, a grand picture, by Rubens; the Goin OuAt, by P. Wou_vermanAs and specimens of the following a nd other e5teemed masteer:- Corze'io WVattean Velasqluez Lingelbach At. del Sarto M]icris Jan Steen D.Tolbners Giuho Riomano Terhurg Greure Ostade Thlis genuine collection, for peremptorY sale, may be viewred on Thursday previous and morning of sae. and catalogues hadof the auctioneer at the place of sale, and a.this of(ic es, Penton-^place.
