DEATHS. On the 24th of February, at IJmbaUah, East Indies, Mary, daughter of Tho:aas E;lundell, Esq., aged 3 months and 4 days * and, on the 6th of 31arch, William, aged 2 years and 10 months. On the 0th ilt., at Madeira, Mary, youngest daughter ot the late Lieut.-General Sir William Johnston, R.1.B., aged 23. On the st inst., at Sion, lillenny, Mary, relict of the late Redmond Reade, lIre. On the lot inst., John Allsopp, REq., of Wester-hill, Linton, Kent, aged SO. On tihe 2d inst., aged 39, Mr- Nathan Abrahams, at his residence, 132, Ho-and5ditch, agedl 3g, deeply regretted by a large circle of friends- On the 2d inst., at Elwick, near Belford, Northumnberland, Margaret, relict of the late John Nfisbet, Esq., of 1asiztton Grange, in the same county. On tle 3d inst., at Thurlbear Rectory, Taunton, MLaria, eldest daughter of the late John Balchen West, Esq. Oin tle 3d inst., at Sandbach, Joha BaUll, Esq., formerly of Austinfriars, London. On the 3d inst., at St. Heier's, Jersey, the Rev. AlfredInigo Suckling, of flarrealn Rectory, Su£FoUk, aged 0o. On the 4th inst.. agLed 64, Alis ILouisa CreUin, of Albany-terrace, Albany-road, Old Kent-road. On the 4th inst., at No. 2. Kildare-terrace, Westbourne-park, Lady Xlsbstt, relict of Sir John Nisbett, of Deane, Bart., NiB. oin the 4th inst., at Engledleld-green, Surrey, B. Burton, Esq., after a lingering illness, from an attack of paralysis, in his 62d year, deeply regrettet. On the 4th inst., at her residence, 35, Lower Baggot-street, Dublin, Frances An-e, the belovedwile of Major-General .N. -idlton, ICR., and aalaugter of the late Rev. Samuel Beasi,h, Mount Beamrsb, coanty Covrk. On th'r 4th inst., aged 4$, at his apartments, in Bond-street, Charles Phllips Wilder, Lieut.-CoL of the 6th Regt. of Madras Light Cavalry, secoutd 3urviving eon of the late lieut.-General Sir Francis John 'Wilder, of the Manor louse, Biafield, Berks. On the 5th inst., at Sheerness, after alingering ilnes. MZr. John Swadeu, aged , '. On the 5th inst., at Brook-green, Hammersmith, deeply regretted by his family, Charles, the youngest surviving eon of Firancs Lee, Esq., of Horninglow'. On the 5th inst., at llHamstead, aged 7years and7months, Federick Charles Willfam, oly son ofl Charles Rlingemann, Esq., of 4, RtobrtpLace, Ez.ton-square. On the 5th inst., at Kent Cottage, Dulwich-road, Brixton, the residence o_ her nierss the 1isses Cole, Sirs. Aimbrose Legg, late of Tottenh:un, Middlesex. in her lCOth year. On the 5th inst., at Glocester-road, Old Brompton, Richard Lewellin, }q.,aged 64. On M.onday. the 5th inst., at his residence, Beuet-street, Cambridge, Joseph Staidley, Req., iu the Eith year of his age. On the 6th Inst, at Charlton. near Blandfordl, n his 69th year, John Brine, REq_. R.N., youigest son of the late Admiral Brine. On the 6th inst., at Brimncombe House, Glocestershire, in her 27th y3ear, altera short illness, Sarah Loulsa, the beloved wife of John Hooke Tasuston, Esq. On the 6th inst.. at 16, Great King-street, Edinburgh, Sir William Hamiluton, Baronet, Profe-or of Logic and Metas)hyeics n the Utni rereity of Edinburgh. On the 6th iust., at Mitre court-buildings, Temple, Jonas Alieyne lWaynard, REq., barrister-st-la;v; aged 52. On the 7th inst., at the Grove. Sydenham, Frederick Robert, the sixth eon of John Edward Terrey, Esq., in his 26th year. On the 7th inst., at No. 13, Warwick-road, Ipper Clapton, the residence of her father, Amelia. the youngest daughter of the Rev. W. Kuper, D-D.. 5.H.,chaldsinto theRoyal Germhan Chapel, St. Jameses.
DINNER TO HER MAJESTFS HMINISTERS. I_ Last night the Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress entertained the members of Her Maiesty's Government and A very distinguished party of ladies and gentlemen at the Maansion-house. The Egyptian-hall was tastefully decorated with the flags of all the great Powers, inclusive of Russia, our late enemy, together with other emblems appropriate to the return of peace. The company comprised:-The French Ambassador and Countess Persigny, the Turkish Ambassador and Madame Musuras, Madame Van de Weyer, Marquis D'Azeglio, Sardinian Minister; MI. Tricoupi, Greek Minister, and Mademoiselle Tricoupi, Bsron Ben- nck, Count Bernstorff, Prussian Minister; Count Vitzthum, Viscount Palmerston, Duchess of Sutherland, the aord Chancellor and Lady Cranworth, the EarI Granville, Sir George and Lady Grey, Earl of Harrowby, Earl of Clarendon, Right Hon. H. and Lady Mary Labouchere, Lord Panmure, Sir G. Cornewall and lady Theres& Lewis and Miss Lyster, Sir Charles and Lady Mary Wood, Right Ron. M. Talbot and Mrs. Baines, Right Hon, R. and Mrs. Vernon Smith, Lord and Lady Stanley of Alderley, EarI Spencer, Marquis of Breadalbane, Right Hon. E. and Mr Horsman, Right Hon. Robert Lowe, Right Hon. Sir Beniamin and Lady Hall, Marquis of Anglesea, Marquis of Clanricarde and Marchioness of Clanricarde, Earl Fortescae, Earl and Countess of Wicklow, Viscount and Viscountess Torrington, Viscount Ebrington, Marchioness of Townshend, Viscount Raynham, Viscount and Viscountess Duncan, Lord and Lady Wodehouse, Lord Mfonteagle, Lord Broughton, Lord Campbell, and- Countess Stratheden, Lord Chief Justice and Lady Jervis, Lord Robert Grosvenor, Lord and Lady Alfred Hervey, Lord and Lady Alfred Paget, Lord and Lady Ernest Bruce, Baron and Baroness and Miss de Rothschild, Sir Walter and Lady C. Stirling, Sir James Duke, Sir Au"ustus Clifford and Lady Elizabeth Clifford, Admiral. Sir '. Lyons and Miss Lyons, Admiral Eden. the Attorney-General, the Solicitor-General, Lady and Miss Bethell, Sir Roderick and Lady Murchison, MajorGeneral Sir E. Cust, General Fox, Sir George Maclean, Right Hon. Henry Fitzroy, YP.; Right Hon. C. Villiers, M.P Baron and Baroness Goldsmid, CountessAvis, Right Hon i. GoodenoghH ayter, M.P., and 3Irs. Hayter,Lord Advocate for Scot,lad and MIrs. Moncrieff, Right Hon. Attorney-General for Ireland, Mr. J. Wilson, M.P., and Mrs. Wilson, Mr. Bernal Osborne, M.P., and MIrs. Bernal Osborne, Sir J. Paxton, M.P., Hon. Mr. Bouverie and Mrs. Bouverie, Mr. Brand, Mr. Danby Seymour, MP., Mfr. Massey, M.P., Mr. Peel, MP., Mr. J. Ball, LP., Mrr. R. Gr--, tILP., Mr. Walter, M.P., and Mrs. Walter, Mr. E. Af. Craufurd, M.P., Mr. RaiLes Currie, hLP., and Mrs. Raikes Currie, Mr. W. Chaplin, ALP., and Mrs. W. Chap-. lin, Mr. Alderman Cubitt, 3fP Mr Divett, MLP., Mr. G. C. Glyn, M.P., and Mrs. G. C. 6lyn: Mr. Charles Grenfell, M.P., and Mrs. C. Grenfell, Mr. Samuel Gregson, M.P., and MIrs. Gregson, Baron and Baroness Chasseron, Mr. Hirkman Hodgson, Mr. Thomson Hankey, LP., and Mrs. Thomson Hanke, Colonel Topham, Mr. Hutt, 3LP., Mr. Headlam, Mh., and Mrs. Headlam, M1r. S. Laing, MP., Mr. R. Monckton Milnes, M.P., and Mrs. Monckton Milnes, Mr. J. Ricardo, M.P., and Miss Ricardo, Mr. J. B. Smith, YLP., and Mlrs. J. B. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. P. Salomons, 3Mr. and Mrs. Wagg, the Governor of the Bank of England and Mrs. Weguelin, the Deputy-Governor of the Bank of England, Colonel Sykes (Chairman of the East India Company), Mr. Ross D. Mangles (Deputy-Chairman of thc E3ast India Company) and Mtrs. Ross Mangles, the Treasurer of Christ's lospital and Mrs. Gilpin, Alderman and Colonel Wilson and Mrs.Wilson, Rev. Dr. and Mrs. Mortimer, Alderman and MErs. Humphery, Alderman Sir William and Lady Magnay, Sir George Carroll and Mtrs. Cobden, Sir John Musgrove, Mrr. Alderman and Mrs. Sidney, Alderman Sir Francis G. MIoon and Lady Moo0n, Mrr. Alderman and Mrs. Wire, Mr. Alderman and M. Carter, Sir Henry and lady hMuggeridge, Alderman and Sheriff and Mfrs. eunedy, Alderman and Sheriff Rose, tMr. Alderman Eagleton, M1r. Alderman Lawrence, Sir John, Lady, and MIiss :Key, MEr. and MIrs. C. Pearson, Mir. Deputy Dakin, Mrr. Deputy Lott, MIr. Deputy Halt, MEr. Deputy Hale, Mr. J1. Wood, M1r. Causton, Mtr. Under-Sheriff and Mrs. Stone, Mr. Under-Sheriff and Mrs. Rose, Rev. Mr. Hickes, Rev B. and Mrs. Moon, and 3Mr. Brotherton, 3LP. The cloth having been removed and the " loving cup" circulated, The LORD MiYoR rose andlproposed "the Health of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen," which was drank with the usual demonstrations of loyalty. The healths of his Royal Highness Prince Albert, Albert, rrince of Wales, and the rest of the RoyalFamily foUlowed; after which TheLORD MAYOR proposed "theEmperor of the French," and said,-There is no sentiment that has struck its roots more deeply into the minds of Englishmen of all ranks and classes than the earnest desire for a close union bethveen the English and French people. The world has beheld the forces of the two nations welded together to accomplish objects necessary for the welfare of Europe and the interests of civilization. These objects they have pursued together with moderation, fidelity, and disinterestedness. (Hear, hear.) And France retires now from the contestunderthe direction of an Emperor who 'will know how to govern her wisely in peace as he has directed her energies gloriously in war. Cheers.) Employed in the development and consolidation of the industrial resources of his country, he wil recur to that noble sentiment which thriled through the heart of France-"IZEmpiire cest Za Paix." (Cheers.) We hail with gratification the domestic felicity which the Emperor now enjoys (cheers); andwe breathean earnesthope forthe continued happiness of himself and his Imperial consort, and for the prosperity of France. (Cheers.) Count PERSIGNY? rose to return thanks, and was received 'with loud applause. His Excellency, addressing tho assemblage in French, said,-Messieurs, Les sentimens que Milord Maire vient d'exprimer r6pondent fidelement a ceux de l'Empereur et de la-France d l'gard del'Angleterre. (Hear, hear.) Aprds cotte guerre qui dans le court espace de deux ann6es a resolu l'une des plus grandes auestions de notre siecle; apres cette guerre qui a et6 noble entre toutes les guerres par le but qa'elle s'est propos6, par les principes d'humanite qu'elle a mis en pratique, et par la moderation qui en a fix6 le terme; aprms cette guerre, en un mot, qui restera dans Phistoire 'un des plus glorieusx cpisodes de la civilisation-ce quo La France desire avant tout c'est de conserver dans la paix l'aliance qui, dans la guerre, a produit de si grandes choses. (Cheers.) Ce vocu de la France qui est egalement, j'en suis convancu, celui de lAngleterre, ce vcea sera esauc6. Car, messieurs, au point de 'histoire oi nous sommes parvenus, il n'existe plus rien qui puisse nous diviser. (Cheers.) Nos anciens ressentiments, nous les avons 6teints A jamais dans la confraternit6 du champ de bataille; mais nous avons fait plus encore pout-ctre pour notre union en r6pudiant les uns et les autres ces fausses doctrines economiques du pass6 qui fondaient la prosperit6 d'un pays sur la ruine de ses voisins. (Cheers.) Dieu merel, nous savons tous aujourd'hui que le princlpe de la richesse des pouples c'est le travail; que le commerce ne s'etablit que de producteurs i producteurs; et que, par cons6quent, I'activit6 de nos voisins est aussi essentielle que la notre au d6veloppement denotre prosperite. (Cheers.) Que personne ne cherche donc h nous diviser, car personne n'y r6ussira. Mais que ruiaonfraterneUe de l'Angleterre et de la Francesecontinue dans l'union generale de PEurope; et qu'eoe serve de base solide et in6branlable pour toutes les alliances qui auront s6rieusement en vue l'agrandissement des relations interntationales, le bonheur et la digniti des peuples. (Loud (heers.) The LORD MAYOn.-The army aud navy of England have displayed in the late contest great energy and undaunted courage. Together with the forces of France, Sardinia and Turkey, they have earned for themselves an imperishable renown. (Hear, hear.) Their bravery and endurance have been 'worthy of the high fame which they bore and the chivalrous cause in which they fought. The services which they have rendered will dwell for ever in the memories of their countrymen, and will not cease to evoke the livehest gratitude. (Hear, hear.) I have therefore much pleasure in proposing "The Army and Navy," coupling with the toast the names of Sir C. Wood and General Fox. (Cheers.) Sir C. WOOD.-MIy Lord Mayor, ladies and gentlemen, I rise to express on behalf of the noble profession with which you have done me the honour of connecting my name their grateful thanks for the manner in which this toast has been proposed and received. I feel great diffidence at a-l times in acknowledging the compliments paid to that gallant service of which I cannot boast of being a member, and that feeling is heightened on the present occasion when I see around me many members of the naval profession, one of whom in particular has deserved the especial gratitude of the country for the manner in which he has led our squadrons to victorv in the recent war, and, having swept the seas of the enemy's ships, devoted his best energies te assist the commanders of our army with his counsel and co-operation. (Cheers.) I cordially echo, as I am sure every person present must do, the noble sentiment enun- cia-ted by the French Ambassador-that the union between France and England may, in peae, be as productive of the happiest consequences to the welfare of the human family a-, in war, it vas effective and successfuL. (Hear, hear.) We are now. at peace, and those who saw the late noble spectacle in the waters of Spithead(alaugh) may thinkthat some lingeringfeeling of disappointmentmay have existed inthespiritof a country which was so well prepared for another campaign. The citizens of this metropolis may well be proud that no small portion of those magnificent machines of war were constructed and equipped on the banks of the Thames. The private enterprise of the country responded nobly the call of the Government for their c.- a peration in fitting out our armaments: and IOJ more pennants than were seen at Spithead (a laugh) would, had the war continued, have passed the Sound within a fortnight. It is to be hoped, however, that our splendid fleet will be as efficient in peace as it was in w.ar in the performance of its duty-namely, the protection of the interests of our commerce ian every quarter of the globe-a commerce which has raisedthis vast metropolisoveralltlie other cities in the world, and enabled England easily to bear the burdens of the war which has just been brought to so happy an sue. (Cheers.) General Fox, in responding for the army, regretted that the duty had not fallen upon one of those who had dis- tinuished them selves in the late war, although it was no faut of his that. he had -not actualy taken & part in its ('pOPt.ions. He expressed his csunvictioa that the army would be ever ready to obey the call of its Sovereign, and hoped that, if it *were the will of Providence tha'peace should be once more disturbed, the soldiers of England and France would be a.ain found fighting side, by side in the defence of the liberties of E3urope. (Hear, bear.) 13e hoped, how.ever, that the peace wvhich had now been concluded vvould be pernanent. The LORD MAyos, in proposing " Her Majestys Ministers," said,-The position of a Mlinister of the Crown in this country is one of great peculiarity. In the largest sense of the word, this is a Govenment of public opinion. Nsot only must the Ministtr be a faithful servant of the Crown, but he must possess the confidence of Parliament and the favour of the people. ord Palmerston was placed in power to give force and energy to the war, which, in the opinion of the public, had been weakly directed and not commensurate with the English character for vigour and determination. By a vigorous prosecution of the war and earnest preparatiOns for its continuance he has brought the contest to an early and satisfactory close. (Cheers.) We have been hitherto so accustomed for a war to close after some brilliant victory thatwe hardly yet believe in the realities we have achieved. (Hear.) The peacewehave obtained is essentiallya statesman's peace, and it may successfully challenge comparison with any n the modern history of Europe. (Hear.) The treaty establishes high principles of international policy worthy of our. age. It opens new channels for tie enterprise of the merchants of all countries. It throws open to British enterprise the magnificent river Danube, the Mississippi of Europe. It protects the weak agabist the strong. It defines boundaries hitherto unsettled. It extends religious liberty, and proclaims general toleration for religious creeds, and we may hope that countries consecrated to both Scriptural and classical recoDections may have their social and material 6ndition greatly ameliorated. (Cheers.) It has been the good fortune of Lord Palmerston and his colleagues to direct the war to a successful issue, and I feel assured, though now in peace, they will so conduct public affairs as to assure to England such prosperity as she has never before witnessed. (Cheers.) Lord PJRsEimo, who in rising to aclmowledge the toast was received with loud cheers, said,-It must at all times be most agreeable to those who are intrusted with the conduct of the affairs of this country to partake of the hospitality of the worthy magistrate who presides in this noble mansion, as representing this great metropolis; but if ever there was a moment at which it must be more peculiarly gratifying to those who stand in that position to be present at this board, it must be that in which we have now the honour of, appearing before you. For what can be an occasion more fitting for us to receive the hospitality of those who represent the great commercial public than the time when, at the close of a great and successful war, we have just concluded an honourable and advantageous peace, which gives fresh scope to commercial enterprise, and will, I trnst, lay the foundations of national wealth and the welfare of Europe ? (Cheers.) My Lord Mayor has been pleased to remark that the task of those who conduct the affairs of this country is one of peculiar difficulty; that they stand in a double relation; that they must enjoy the confidence of the Crown, and also possess the support of the people. There never was a period in the history of England in which that task was more easy than the present, for there never was a time when the sympathy which exists betweenthe Crown and thenationwas more intimate, or to a greater degree founded upon the best feelingswhich can adornand dignifyhumannature. (Cheers.) His Lordship also adverted to the difficulties which the Government had to encounter in conducting with suffi. cient vigour the war which has just been brought to a termination; but in that respect also the task we had to perform was comparatively facile, for there was among the people of this country that noble spirit, that calm and steady determination, that manly courage which seconded the labours of the Minister in no ordinary degree. (Cheers.) It was not necessary for us to stimulate that courage which was already boiling over in the hearts oi the people. We had only to direct the means which were cheerfully and plentifully placed at our disposal, and we should indeed have been unworthy of the position which we occupied, and of the confidence which we enjoyed, if we had not been able to apply those resources to the attainment of the successful issue which has crowned our exertions. (Cheers.) We are convinced also that the peace which has been concluded, though it may not be attended with the acquisition of territory, or with contributions levied on a vanquished enemy-though it may not be accompanied with those consequences which sometimes grace the termination of a war-the more its conditions are examined, the more the people compare the dangers which beset Europe when the contest began, and the position ol that country for the protection of which we took up arms, with the present posture of affairs as established by the treaty which my noble friend Lord Clarendon, witb such distinguished ability, foresight, and anxious care to guard every interest involved in thE negotiations, has happily concluded, the more ihe3 willhave reason to feel that tneir sacrifices have not been ir vain, thattheir noble efforts have not been without adequati results, and while they may look back on the one hand ti the war with proper satisfaction, they may on the other viem the peace with confidence as to the fature. (Cheers., Gentlemen, you have heard the noble and enlightened sentiments which the Ambassador of France has expressed not only on his own part, but on behalf of that great Sove. reign whose worthy representative he is. The know. ]edge that these are the principles upon which he will conduct his policy must inspire you with still greatax confidence in the duration of peace, and it is a circumstance most gratifying to this country, and most reassuring to Europe, that those two great nations, England and France, having shed their blood together on the field of battle, having sat together in the conferences at which the peaee was made, will in future be connected by ties doubly cementedby common dangers and by coimmon interests, thus perpetuate an alliance destined to be not only honourable and advantageous to the countries which it unites, but one of the surest foundations of the tranquillity and prosperity cf the world. (Cheers.) I rejoice to see here the representative of the King of Sardinia, who has raised his I country to a level with the great Powers of Europe, not possibly by the dimensions of his territory, but by the noble principles which have governed his conduct and conferred dignity upon his kingdom. (Cheers.) We also have here the 1inister of the Sovereign in whose cause we drew the sword, and who has shown himself deserving of the efforts we have made in his behalf by that great charter of civil and religious liberty which he has granted to his Christian subjects-a charter which, while it does honour to his enlightened principles of policy, will afford a double security to his Throne, and be no less advantageous to the permanence of his empire than beneficial to the millions subject to his rale. (Loud cheers.) The LORD MI.AYOR, in proposing the " Ambassadors," said,-I desire now to ex:press the deep satisfaction which it affords me, as the chief magistrate of the capital city of England, to welcome here their Excellencies the Ambassadors. I wish to offer my congratulations to that distinguished body on the restoration of peace to the world; and especially to those whose countries were represented at the late congress-Powers who were personally concerned in drawing up the articles of the treaty. I congratulate them on the high principles which they have afiirmed in the policy of nations; on the neu- 4anuels which they have opened for commercial enterprise; and on tne many other advantages which are now; assured to the civilized world. (Hear, hear.) Iparticularly congratulate the Ambassador of Turkey on the new place which she now occupies among the nations of Europe. (Ckecer.) I also eong,ratulate my fellow-cit.ie!- that we again have the Russian flag suspendedl in *'"i convivial ball. -'., ?LsuLc-s, in aclmnowledging the toast, spoke as followvs: -Le corps diploinatique vous exprime ses remerciments pour le toast si emnicalement propose par le Lord 3iaire, et si sivmpathiouement accueilli par tons les assistants. (Cbeers.) Ses remerciments sont d'antant plus sincures qu'ils r6p6ndent aux sentiments mranifestes .1 son egard dans la premicre fete solennelle donnce par la cite de Londres aprs la conclusion de la paix. Rien ne saurait etre plus agr6able au corps diplomatique que le retour de la paix, objet sp6cial de sa mission; et, de mime que les gencraux et les amiraux sont fiers de l'avoir glorieusement conquise, de m6me la diplomatie mettra sa gloire et son ambition a la conserver. (Cheers.) En mon particulier, je m'estime heareux d'expriuer A cette occasion la reconmaissance de mon Gonvernement pour la part qu'ont eue a ce grand r6sultat les Ministres do Sa Ylajestd lalReine, dont les efforts patriotiques ont cto aussi efficaces dans la poursuite de la guerre qn'dclair6s et habiles pour le r6tablissement de la paix. (Cheers.) Cette paix a atteint le but de la guerre, et satisfaitauLx vccnx de PEEmpire Ottoman. Elle sera d'nutant plus durable que'lle est honorable pour tout le monde par eela m0me qu'elle est conforme an droit et At la justice; en (ffet, il n'y a rien de si compatible avec P'honneur que l'hommage rendu l la justice et au droit. (Hear, hear.) Les populations de l'Orient ont accuelil la paix avec la mOme joie que l'Europe enticre, convaincues qu'elles sont que d6sormais il sera perinis a leur Souveramn bien-aim6 de rialiser les rUformes qu'il a pris linitiative d'inan.gurer des son avdnement au trone, et dont l'application avaft cte parfois entravee par des difficult6s venant pour la plupart du dehors, et indipendantes de sa volont6. (Loud cheers.) The LORD IAYOR, in proposing " The Health of Lord Clarendon," said,-I am now, contrary to usage, aboutto select one of the members of the Cabinet for a special compliment. I mean the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and our chief plenipotentiary at the late Congress. (Cheers.) Lord Clarendon has had the rare good fortune 'of affixing his name to a treaty which will ever be famous in the history of the world. (Cheers.) The name of Clarendon was already inseparably connected with English history. It has long been synonymous with high statesmanshnip and rare patriotisms; and I venture to predict that in signing this peace ouLr present Ciarendon has secured for himself a place in the memory of future generations worthy of the high ancestral nlame wshich he bears. (Cheers.) *Lord CLAtEENDON, wvho was received vwith lend cheers, said.-My Lord Mfayor, ladies, and gentlemen, I can asue you it is no mere form of speech, but thle genuine expressipn of my feelings, whan I say that am utterly at alosgfth wor(ls adequately to e.ipress my grateful sense of the manner in which you have received the toast proposed in too flattering terms by the Lord Mayor. The approval of his fellowcountrymen is the highest reward that can be looked for by one engaged like myself in the public service, and I trust that I may not be presumptuous in regarding the kindly sentiments now manifested as a token that the opinion of this distinguished company is, that I have to the best of my ability performed the duty imposed vpon me as a 2lnister of the Crown. (Cheer.) But the honour which I can never forget is more gratifying to me on another and a higher ground, because I coneeive you have now put the stamp of your approval on the treaty lat-ly signed, and expressed your belief that the honour of England-so gloriously susained during the last two years by our arms-has not been tarnished by diplomacy, but that a satisfactory and honourable peace has put an end to a just and righteous war. (Cheers.) The war has been called " a war of statesmen," because it was one of principle, not of conquest or aggression, and was undertaken from a European necessity and a common sense of danger. (Hear.) The conduct of the people of England has been worthy of all praise. (Hear.) We entered into the contest with the co-operation of the French Government, which has unflinchingly stood by us throughout ; we desired no territorial acquisitions-we were animated by no abstraet desire for mere military glory, but we took up arms in defence of the weak against the strong, to check a policy of aggression, and only laid them down when we had gained our objects. Our institutions do not admit of the maintenance of a large standing army, and time was required, at the comnmencement of the war, to develope the military resources of the country. After those resources had, however, been developed, and the heart of every Englishman had 'warmed to the conflict, it was, perhaps, not surprising that the prospect of pe.e was not hailed with so eager a welcome. Yet, though the peace was not at first received with exuberant enthusiasm and another campaign would not have been ungrateful to the people, when the conditions came to be deliberately considered the sound practical common sense of -England acquiesced in an end bemg prt to the calamities of war, irnsmuch as that rebult secured the objects for which the struggle was unadertaken, and vindicated the honour of the country. (Hear, hear.) The further prosecution of thewar when its objects had been once attained would have been indefensible and even criminaL (Hear, hear.) The events of the war showed that we had no unworthy rival to contend with, and although the capture of Sebastopol reflects the highest honour on the besiegers, its defence, also, is a brilliant page in the annals of Russia. (Hear, hear.) General Williams and his brave companions found in the person of General Mouravieff a splendid exaimple of Russian chivalry and magnanimity. (Hear, bear.) Ireceived a letter, only to-day, from General Williams, fromn which, as it illnstatesthe characterofthathighminded commander, I will take the liberty of readig a brief extract. General Wil3iams rites: I have alhready toldyocrLordship of General Mouravieft's kindness towards myselfandmyparty, but his humarnityand benevolent treatment of the poor faished garrison of Kars will gain for him the respect of the civilized world, and musttend tolessen, if not eradicate, the animosity-which for more than a century has existed between Russia and Turkey, especialy on the part of the latter. I shall therefore quit General Mouravieffwith great regret, although I have every hope that on my arrival at Riazan we shall hear of the reestablishment of peace and continue our journey towards England. Incidents like these can only strengthen the cordiality of the relations between the two Powers, which I trust are now re established un a Lasting basis. (Hear, hear.) We enter upon the peace under the happiest auspices. France and E ngland have fulfllUed their engagement to the world that thewar shoutldnot leadto any advantage to themselves, ass engazement which had no precedent in any former struggle,but which it is to he hoped, will be folloved in future. ThealUiance between this country and France, so far from being endangered by the vicissitudes of the war, was only strengthened by mutual sacrifices and dangers, which served to bring into greater reliet the generous character and unswrerving fidelity of the Emperor of the French. (Hiear, hear.) The independence of Turkey has now been gnaranteed, and that country has been admoitted into the general system of Europe, an event lwhich has been1 hanpily inaugurated by the Sultan's wvise and liberal concessions to his Christian subjects. Sardinia has gained an iifluence and a prestige among the great Powers neverbefore obtained by a State of such small dimensions, and which will be far more valuable to her than any territorial acquisitions. Russia accepted the conditions imposed upon her by England and France, the treaty shows the faitfulness with which thoee conditions were acted upon, andthere is every reasonto believe that the Emperor will honourably observe that treaty, because he has already given proof of the highest order of courage-moral courage, and indicated that the policy of Russia wil in future be influenced by the common opui6n. of Europe, and that her greatness must henceforth4dpend upon the development of her unexplored resources, the imiprovement of her agriculture, and the extension of her commerce. (Hear, her.) I will only further express a hope that the same Providence who has so mercifully sustained us through an arduous contest, and enabled us to bring it to a safe and honourable conclusion, may be.pleased to resider the peace prosrous and lasting. (Loud cheers.) The noble earl concluded by proposing the " Heelth of the Lord Mayor." The toast having becn duly honoured, The LoRD ALLyoR acknowledged the compliment, and gave "The House of Lords." The LORD CHXN CELLOR, in returning 'thanks, observed that the House of Lords, having supported the vigorous prosecution of the war until its objects had been attained, would, now that peace had been restored, devote itself to that development of a sound commercial Policy to which the French Ambassador had so eloquently adverted. The LORD llLkYon then gave "The House of Commons." Sir G. GREY, in responding, said, the House of Commons had reflected the sentiments of the people with regard to the war, and wa s equaly in harmony with public opinion when it agreed with remarkable unanimity to the Address to the Throne expressive of its joy and satisfaction at the conclusion of peace. The next toast was " The Church," to which the Dean of Sv. P.1lm's responded. The LORD MLYOR then proposed " The Health of the Judges." Lord CAMPBELL, who replied, eulogized the improvement in the maritime code which had been effected by the treaty, and characterized the Foreign Secretary as a great law reformer as well as a great statesman. Lord PA.kLNERsToO.-I have obtained permission from the Lord Mayor to propose a toast, wnich I am sure you will receive with great pleasure. We have been talking of war and diplomacy. These are twvo great influences which powverfully sway the destinies of manind, but there is a third, not less poverful than they, which is exercised by the fair sex. lMen often war an defence of the fair sex, aud it has been said, with what truth I do not presume to say, that they not unfrequently diplomatize for the purpose of gaining their favour. (Laughter.) Let us, then, do honou,r to the ladies; and I aimi sure you will agree -with me that we can find no more apPropriate means of paying them homage than by drinking " The Health of the Lady Mayoress," who has presided over our festivities with such distinguished grace and dignity. (Cheers.) The LonD M1ATOR briefly returned thanks, and the company shortly afterwards separated. The band of the Royal Artillery vas in attendance, and gave a pleasing variety to the entertainment by their admirable perfofinances. MIr. Harker ably officiated as toastmaster. I I I i
COLONEL TuLnoc.-The following is a copy of the certificate of Sir James Clark and Mr. Martin as to Colonel Talloc i - stA' e of health -- "Eaton-square, May 6. "We certify that we were called to Colonel Tulloch yesterday afternoon, and have visited him again this morning. W e find hilac labouring under such a degree of bodily ard mental exhaustion, arising from long-continued mental exertion and anxiety,as to render him totally unfit to attend to any business. We are further of op'iioII that complete bodilyand meatal repose is necessary for the recovery of his health. "JAK:MES CLmxPx, 3.). "JT. 3Luv 3DitTm." The gallant Colonel has been thoroughly exhausted-an exhaustion as complete as that of the overworked men and horses in the Crimea-in the performance of a task too arduous for any one man's strength. PIonoV rAn ?EWVSrAtPER SoCm.-The 20th anniversary of this society was held yesterday at the London Tavern, Mr. T. P. Austin in the chair. After transacting the usual business, the members present, including representatives from many of the most influential country journals, dined together. The Chairman, in proposing the toast of the evening, "Success to the Provincial hewspaper Socicty," dwelt upon the beneficial results wlich a flowed from its exertions. There -was no member of the House of Commons whom the society's delegates had wvaited upon with reference to the repeal of the nowpaper stamp who had sot listened to themn with the greatest possible attention. Unfortunately, the Governmnent w ere too strongly pledgted to the Manchester party, the chief members of w-hich, MIessrs. Bright, Cobtden, and Mimler Gibson, had found in a well-conducted press acomplete counterpoise to their own influence, and hence the exertions they had made to Americanize the English newspaper. The repesl of the newspaper stamp had, however, signa y failed. The chief object wvas to rain Te Timcs, but hie Times was now as powerful and influential as ever- The same might be said of one or two others of the London newspapers; but the effect of the measure had been to injure many old and respectable journals, without in the least benefitting those who had attempted to supersede them. During the first year after the repeal of the stamp no fewer than 130 cheap papers had been started in- the country, and he would venture to say that not 30 of them were now in existence. It reqiured m3nay qualities to render a newspaper successful. Mere money would not do it. It needed ability. tact, principle, character. He was well acquainted with thequarters fromn whichl any of the new speculations hai proceeded, and he could state that the parties were deficient In that last-named most important pre-requisite. He trusted that more unity of action -would be exhibited 2bz the nevwspaper proprietary of the kingdom; for they might depend upon it one newfspaper could not permanently prosper at the expense of the rest. The toast was received with loutd cheers. An eleg,ant candelabrum was presented to Mfr. F. White as a testimonial of respect for hisexertions on behalf of the society, more especially in connexion with the legislativeenactmentof lastsessionwith regard to the news- paper Pres &aperLs s IDEA oF Hxrnc-ss.-A lady correspondent of the Boston Times gives her ideas of "perfect blss" in the followinglparagraph:-"mawoman,witha woman's weakness, and having a good constitution can bear a great deal of happiness] If I was asked my idea of perfect bliss, I should say,-' A fast horse, a duck of a cutter, plenty of buffalo robes, a neat-fittingover-coat with a handsome man in it, and-one of adame Walss little French boenets' If that wbuldn't be happiness for one lifetime Pm open to convction as to what would ! "
THE ROYAL LITERARY FUND. . Iaz night the aunivery festival of this institutionfounded in 1790 with the view to administer assistance to authors of genius and learning who may be reduced to distress by unavoidable calamities, or deprived by enfeebled faculties or declining life of the power of literary exertionWas held at the Freemasons' Tavern, when about 150 moblemen and gentlemen, including several distinguished names in the republic of letters, sat down to dinner uinder the presidency of his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. Among the company present were his Excellency Mr. Dallas, the American Minister; his Excellency ML Van de Weyer, the BelgiaD Ambassador; Lord Ravensworth, Lordreignmoath, Lord Dynevor, Lord Harry Van;, the BishoD of Oxford, M1r. Napier, M.P., Sir William Fraser, sir Eenry Ellis, Sir JohrL Burgoyne, GeneralBeatson, Dr. Sandwith, Mr. Robert Bell, MLr. Baldwin, and the Rev. Charles Merivale. On the removal of the cloth the usual loyal and constitutional toasts were given from the Chair, that of the Army and Navy having been responded to by Lieutenant-General Sir John Burgoyne. His Royal Highness the Chairman also gave " the Corps Diplomatique," to which M. Van de Weser repliedl. The CHALD-M.- then rose to propose the toast of the evening, and in doing so said, he had an especial claim upon the indu gence of the company when he looked over the list of names of distingaished men who had. presided over the festivals of this society in former year. He had no literary position in this country, and his only claimA to occupy the place he did among them that ni'ht, and. to be the advocate of this institution, wras that he%Rlt thaft it was desirablethat such aninstitvtion should be supported, not on,ly by those more immediatRely interesting-themselves in the subject, but by the community at lre. (Cheers.) HIe felt himself immeasurably inferior to his predecessors in the chair in all points save one, in which he did not iadmit he was inferior .to any man, and that'was as a warm friend and sincere admirer of the institution for which he now claimed their supprt. (Cheers.) The report, which would be afterwards rend, entered so fully into etails as to the operations of the society thathe would only address himself generally to the objects of the Literary Fund and the advantages derived from it. The institution, as they were aware, was established in 1790, and itz aim was to afford assistance and support-to literary persons, who, from various circumstances, but certainly not from any fault of their own, found themselves less fortunate than many of their brethren in the profession of literature; and such a society, whether it was connected *withliterature orwith aay branchbof science,oranyoccupationt in life, was calculated to diffuse much real and substantial goodamong deservingpersoussufferingfrom misfortunes, and h therefore, an urgent claim upon the consideration of the wealthy and charitable part of the community. The 3mode iu which this society in particular was conducted had an especial claim upon the gratitude of the whole body connected with literature in general, taking into consideration the extreme delicacy with which it dispensed the funds at its disposal for the relief of literary men suffering from straitened circumstances, and whose susceptibility induced them to }hrink with the greatest reluctance from appealing for support to the charity or humanity of others. (Hear.) One of its fundamental rules was that no name of any one of the recipients of its bounty was ever divulged, except, perhaps, to the individual who, like himself, was called to fl the chair at its anniversary meetings, and who was permittedto examine the records of the institution with the view of bearing his testimony to the care and attention observed in the distribution of its funds. Looking hack to the literary history of this country, without alluding to any partiular names, there was no doubt that many of our most illustrious men had been, at some time or other in their career, in greatly straightened circumstances, if not in absolute wrant. If any such were now placed in a similar position they could now have recourse to this societv, through the timely aid Of which, so judicionsly administered, they might not onlybe aided and assisted in a moment of great need, but enabled to assume a position in which they might be more useful to their country and mankind at large than before. (Hear, hear.) He sincerely hoped that nothing would occur to make such a society languisb, because it was one which ref'ec.ted the g-eatest credit on the general literary public by the support they gave it, and because the assistance it rendered was no confined to struggling men of letters in this country only, but was occasionally extended to the relief of foreigners. Of that they had an instance in MI Chateaubriand, who, though at one time assisted from :the funds of this institution, afterwards stood in the position of Ambassador to this country, was accustomed to express his gratitude for the benefits he derived when circumstances made him a recipient of its bounty. (Cheers.) He had been permitted by Lord Stanhope and Mr. Crarwell, the literary executes of the late Sir 11 Peel, to announce that they had sent a donation of1001. to the fends of .the society-part of the proceeds of the sale of the fist portion of certain papers left by Sir Robert, and which were now about to be given to the world. Such a donation reflected the greatest credit on the discrimination of those two gentlemen, and was, as it were, a legacy to the society by one of the most illustrious statesmen of this country in modern times. (Cheers.) Lis Royal Highness concluded by giving " Prosperity to the Literary Fund." The toast was drunk with acclamation. At a subsequent period of the evening his Royal Highness proposed, in an appropriate speech, "the literature and science of the UnitedStates and his Excellency the American Minister. ge Mr. DJALSS, in rising to2r a to the toast, was en. thusiastically cheered. Hesai ,-My lords and gentlemen, after thanking, as I now do, his Royal Highness for recognizing by that toast theiterature and scienceof mycountry, and, after thanking this company,for having received that toast with impressive cordiality, it would perhaps be most prudent for me to resumemy seat, and to avoid the remarks necessarily incident to the handling of a subject of which I cannot pretend to be master:- "A little learning is a dangerous thing; " Drink deep, or taste not, the Pierian spring." (A laugh.) There are, however, a few recollections that stimulate me to do somewhat more. Lt me rnemind you of an historical truth peculiarly interesting to me at this moment. Over the small and hesitating meeting which in 1773 constituted the germ of this now flourishing and brilliant institution of beneficence presided a countryman ef mDy own (cheers); and if it be true, as doubtless it is,. that the severe and practical character of his mind refused to entertain the sanguine hopes of your subsequent founder, still it was Benjamin Franklin, the American sage, philosopher, and statesman, who gave from the chair of that meeting his grave sanction to the efforts and purposes which subsequently-zealously persevered in-have produced ethe triunmphlInowwitness. (Cheers.) Nor can Ibe altogetberinsensible to the fact that a relative of my own was the great grandson of your firstchairman. (Hear.) MarLedabyheintel. lectual characteristics of his ancestors, and achieving now, in an official occupation in the United States, and amid the loftiest spheres of science, a fame at least equal, 1 feel bound, as his representative in a certain sense, to co-operate in the expression of all honour and adhesion to the corporation whose generously sustaining hand is unrestricted by invidious limits. (Cheers.) It was my lot, about 10 years ago, as presidinig chancellor of an institution for increasing the diffusion of knowledge among men-all men-men without distinctien of class, of party, of faith, or of country-to act in that capacity and at that institution, founded upon and subsisting by the bounty of a wise and benevolent Englishman (cheers); and in accepting the munificent bequest of Smithson, in the institution bearing his name, and now in -uccessful operation in the city of Washington, and giving that munificent bequest a direction analogous to your own, the Government of the United States itself has paid a just homage to the principles and practices of this society. (Cheers.) It would afford me great pleasure, and perhaps it would cater to my national pride, to have my name identified with the intellectual band by wlhom the literature and science of the United States have been advanced and illustrated. I abstain from that at this hour of the night. They owe a heavy debt, payable in the coin of the brain, to the genius of this island. But let me say that theirlabours are indefatigable to reduce that debt, and already they cease to regard, as a hopeless achievement the payment of that debt in full. (Cheers.) Since my arrival, vwithin the last seven weekls, in your great capital, I have been delighted to listen to eulogies upon the system of American juridical science from lips which are the mosteloquentand learned inWestmninsterhall; Ihave been delightedto hear intermingledthenamesof Alison,Bancroft,Prescott, Macaulay, Irving, andGrote,;Ihave been delighted to remark that no exclusion from the almost unimaginable precincts of TFaverley, Vanity Fair, and A71 Nor-cl, is harshly prescribed against the Indian romances and sea tales of Cooper, or against Thc House of Secren Gabels and 17Ic Scar7ct Lettcr:; in fine, I have been glad to perceive that the sarcastic criticisn has grown obsolete and been permanently banished, which Ihave heard in myyouth, "Who leads an American book7" (Cheers and a laugh.) it is from this harmony in the scientific and literary expression of the two conntries that we draw our best hopes of harmony inour general intercourse with each other. (Cheers.) The m2unence of authors over communities, when combined, is neither to be doubted nor exaggerated. Let us, thcn, trust that the copious, strong, polished langnage common to England and America will ceasetobethe medium of strife, and become, on the contrary, an instrument of mutual instruction, concihation, and peace. (Loud cheers.) Mr. GOD5nwr- read an extract from the report of the society, from which it appeared that 53 grants, making an aggregate of 1,6651., had been made from the funds during the past year, being a larger sum than it had ever beforo dispensed in any former year. Of these, 31 had been made to gentlesnen who had been relieved for the first time. The Permanent Fund consisted at present of 21,3001. Consols, producing an annual dividend of 6391., in addition to about 4501., the produce and rents of the stock of the Newtonu property and the Newton estate at WhitechapeL Lord ivExswoasTu, in a complimentary speech, in the course of the evening, proposed "'the health of his Royal Highness the Chairman." Lord ILiRnY VA?rE gave, "the Historians," to which the Rev. C. MERIVALE responded. .Ur. R. BELL proposed, "the Writers of Periodical Literature," associating the name of Mr. Henry Reeve with the toast, which that gentleman acknowledged. Sir W =u x A5s gave, "the Vice-Presidents," to which the Bishop of O.XFOBD responded. Mr. INATEnr, XP., gave, "the Writers on Science, and Professor Owen," and "the Travellers, and Dr. Sandwith," was proposed by Lord The subscriptions amounted to 1.3501., of which 100 guineas were given by Her Majesty, 201. by the Duke of Cambridge,and 450. by r. George Barron, a gentieman residing in Yorkshire. - The proceedings were protracted to an advanced hour. INDUSTRrAL SoroorS.-According to a return just issued there are 2,033 boys and 813 grls under industrial instruction in the schools of England, Wales, and Scotland. The amount granted for industrial instruction last year was 1,9361.- This is exclusive of a ccrtain number of childrc in prison schools, the grand total of which the compiler of the return has neglected to cast out.
P.ABLIAMRNTARY INTBLLIGEBCE. llOUSE OF COMMONS, 'WEDNESDAY, A,EY 7.. !Tlr Hom)net at 12 o'clocl. Tctioes tigainst the grant for the endowment of tho Cal I lege oli Ma'ynooth 'were sresented by Mtr. Sroo.soe, fromn tbe'eos,cyegation of St. ames's, Edgbaston, Warwickshire, I ;and 'c*ers- from Highbury Chapel, Birmingham; fros eto5-unt er-Edge, Glocestershire; from Devonport; trom St. James7s Episcopal Church, Aberdeen; Efoxi *i'avingdon, Berlshire; frotu certain inhabitants and eon- mation of St. George's, Wolverhampten; from 'the %morOu of Derby and, the neighbourhood; from 'the SalTcrd Protestant Association; from thecong-atbionef St. .eorge's Church, Glasgow; from Blackk'eath, ead its -icunty; from Kendal; from Aylestone, in Leicesgershire; rom 20,000 inhabitants of Mauche6ier.; arid from 3ritish subjects resideut in tie land *of Jersey; 'by Colonel Sx.nrs, froim York, Acaste-, -Goii-'ec, Boston Sya, and other p.laces ia tie West Riding of Yo&kshire; by 3x. HINDLEy, from Protestants in Askton-under-Lyne and its neighbourhood; by Mr. K\ATRD, -from TunbridgeWells and its neihbourhood, tand frem Lov-deoft; by Mr. 3 XORSF.&LL, from the Congrgatisegs of :St. John's, St. Paul's, and St. hao's. Liineheuse ; and from a public xneeting- of Protestants he& -at Limehousc4 by Mr. FOLEY, !romn the parish of La; gley, in 'Worostershire, (the Len. member observed that be did not concur in the prayer of the petitioa); -y Er. H. G. L,tN&TOy', from a public meeting he3d ut Bristol, from the parishes ef Clifton, St. Miclael's, :St. Stephen's, St. Phil, St. Ja,ccb,andSt. Mttheew; fri.tlhecongregationsof Wesley&s ef Ebenezer Ciss4,el, end fro n the Inlependents of Gideon ,Chapel, Bristol; by Sir5. DumC3,oe=, from inhabitnts of Exeter and is neighbourhood'; by Mr. DUNLOP, from -the office bearers of a Free Chureh ke Invernessshire; by Mr. W. D. Ssvxoulx, from the Hull Protestant Operative Conservative Association;- Jy Lr. DISRAELI, from KilJceerin, Baronstown, Kiltibud, Kilmacshalgan, and Templeiboy, and from theCrauge, Ballysoullion; by Mr. PGoTrr, frons Reading; by Mr. BEsmzar, from Brent-Eleigh, *Viixoe; by Mr. WEcKUr , from $he borough of Bradford, rnd the townships of Bowley, Heoron, and Cleckheaton, in the West Riding ef Yorkshire; by Mr. FULL.ER, from Bethel chapel, lCober-tsbridge, ami from the ministers and congregations and others in the parish of Ticehurst; and by the Marquis of Sr FFOED, from ;Melness, Farr, the Free 'Presbytery of Tongue, and the Free Church of Durness, Sutherlandshire. Petitions against the Scotch and Irish Pauper Removal Mill 'were presented by Mr. H. A. BRICE, and by Sir J. SHELLEY, from the Governors and directors of the poor of St. George's, Hanover-square; by Mr. CAsINS, from the inhabhit.aus and ratepayers of Belfast for an assimilation of the Parliamentary and municipal franchise by making the latter independent of the payment of all taxes exccept poor-rates; by Mr. DUN..LOP, from Bridgeton, Glasgow, and from the workers at Lownsdale Bleachfield, Renfrewshire, in farour of the Bleachers, &c., Bill; by Sir J. DUKE, from the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn, in favour of the bill to amend the laws for the relief of the moor, and from various districts of the metropolis in favour of opening the system of publichouse licences; by Mr. FERcrsoox, from the inhabitants of Carlisle, in favour of the. Carlisle Canonries Bill; by 31r. Cowxv,&, from the parochial iboard of St. Cuthbert, Edinburgh, oojectingto the .Nuisance Remoml(Scotland)Bill,andprayingthatincertainparticulars itmight be amended; by SirJ. SHELLEY, from certain inhabitants of Pimlico, aswembled in public meeting, stating that the true feeling of the working men in reference to the opening of the Crystal Palace, British Museum, and National Gallery, in the afternoon of Sundays by open public meetingv; and praying the House not to place too much reliance on the number of signatures attached to petitions against that object, as, owing to the manner in which a number of those signatures had been obtained, they did not represent the yotes of the people; by Sir H. STRACEY, from Filbv, 3Norfolk- and by Mr. B-Nn, from Monocs-Mleigh vigamlst the abolition of church rates without an equivalent ; by 3Ir. R. PUhLLIMORE, from the clergy of the deanery of arig" Major, in the diocess of Exeter; of the deanery of ESouti Millingi, in the county of Kent; of the deanery of Cricklade, in the diocess of Glocester and Bristol; of tho deanery of Marlborough, in the county of Wilts; of the -rurat deanery of Ryther, in the diocess of York; of the deanery of Wenlock, in the county of Salop; of the deanery of A mesbury, in the county of Wilts; of the rural deanery of Kirdford, in the county of Sussex; of the deanery of -Vir}kwvorth, in the county of Derby; from the deanery of Cirencester, in the county of Glocester; from the deanery of Dorchester, in the county of Dorset; and from the gdeaneries of Bray, Berkshire ; Merston, Somersetshire * and B3icester, Oxfordshire, in favour of the Clergy Rating Bil - rind by 3i-. B. STAr70Pzrs, from the clergymen resident in the deanery of Candleshoe, in the county of Lincoln, to the saine effect. SLyLO ELECTION COMMITTEE. The members of this committee were called up to be 'sworn; but the committee could not be constituted in consequence of the absence of hMr. LasceUes from indisposition, as deposed to at the bar by his medical attendant. THE PEACE ADDRESS. Mr. E. DENISON brought up the report on the Address, ivbich was agreed to; and it was resolved that it should be presented to Iler Majesty by the whole House, on a day to se appointed by Her Majesty. TITHE COMMUTATION REN-T-CHARGE BILL. Mr. R. PHILLIbORE, in moving the second reading of Ibis bill, observed that the hereditament of the rent-charge *which now stood in place of the ancient tithe had been unxintentionaly subjected by recent legislation to excessive zssessment, which '-as notoriously disproportionate to the amount to which other hereditaments were assessed. The 43d of Elizabeth in general terms imposed a rate upon every inhabitant, vicar, occupier of houses, impropriator of tithes, &c.; and the practice under that act had been to rate all property upon the system of relative lability. No injury therefore had been inflicted under that system. By the Tithe Commutation Act, however, instead of the principle of relative liability being continued, it was pro- ided that the assessment should be rmade upon an estimate -of the net annual value; and a subsequent measure-the iXarochial Assessment Act, 6th and 7th of William IV., chap. 96-provided that no rate for the relief of the poor of England and Wales should be allowed by the justices that had not been made on an estimate of the net annual value of the several hereditaments rated thereto; but there followed a proviso te that act, which, although intended to preserve the rights of the titheowner, had proved altogether mugatory. It was to the effect that nothing in the act contained should be construed to alter or affect the principle of different relative liabilities, if any, according to which the various kinds of hereditaments were by law at that time assessed. The result of these various acts was, - that whereas every other hereditament was rated on an estimate of the net annual value the rentcharge was the only description of hereditament in the countrywhich was rated practically on its income; and moreover the rent-charge was to be regarded in the nature of an unimpro-able hereditament. The commutation then was effected on the principle of taking a certain average of the tithe, and adding to it the taxes then in force, striking a balance upon it, and fixing the rent-charge upon that esti3mate. Soon after the passing of the Parochial Assessment -Act there came forth a letter from the Poor Law Commis- sioners which showed beyond doubt what the intention of the proviso to which lie had referred was, as it was understood by the Poor Law Commissioners. That letter was dated the 19th of September, 1837, and it contained this zentence -" As the profits of farmers will not be rated mnder the Parochial Assessment Act, the titheowner would .ippear to be entitled to a deduction proportionate to that profit." Notwithstanding the issue of that letter, however, in 1837 the titheowner had never been allowed that deduction down to the present moment. (Hear, hear.) The next step in legislation which greaUy affected the position of the titheowner was taken in 1839,when a most memorable decision was given in "K ing v. Lumsdale," which established that at that time stock in trade was rateable and should be rated. In 1840 the " Queen v. Capel" was de. cided, and the result of that judgment was, that the Court declared that they could not understand the meaning of the proviso which had been especially inserted to preserve the rig^ht of the titeowner; that it was to them perfectly - unintelligible, and that they could take no cognizance of it, abut must be guided by the simple lawthat all hereditaments should be rated on an estimate of their net annual value. 'The next point to which he wished to refer was that in the same year an act was passed exempting stock in trade from ibeing rated. Nowv, that exemption threw a very consider. able additional burden on the titheownuer, who was already severely burdened, contrary to the intention of the Legisla. Lure. The subject had !Ldergone a great amount of consideration at the hands of the Property and Poor Law Commaission of 1842, and also of a committee of the House of lords, of which Lord Portman was president. That committee contained only two bishops, and[ therefore could 3not be supposed to have been unnecessarily biased in favour. of the temporal interests of the parochial clergy. Among the witnesses examined before that cominittee was the right hon. gentleman the prezent Chancellor of the Exchequer, who then expressed Eis opinion that unquestionably the titheowner was mijufionely affected by the exemption from rating in favour of stock in trade, and that it would be to his advanta e if farming stock were made rateabe. He must remindthe Eouse that every act on this subject since the Tithe Commutation Act had-although, undoubtedly, contrary to the 5ntention or the legislature-tended to bring about a sys. tem of pauperizing the clergy of this country. In the year 2846 the measure for the repeal of the corn lawswas passed, and that again produced the effect of diminishing the incomes of the clergy, and it was greatly to the credit of the clergy that they did not in anyway come forward and ground objections to what theysaw would be for the general good upon the injury which they themselves sustained. It was quite clear that the original intention of the Legislature when they passed the Parochial Assessment Act had keen that all hereditaments should be rated upon an estimate of their net annual value, and his complaint was that there -was an inveterate practice of disregarding the provisions of .that act, and the result to the clergywas a difference of 401. percent. on their incomes, and that opinion was strictly mn accordance with the evidence given by the present Chancellor of the Exchequer before the lords' committee. He 3beld in his hand a synopsis of cases showing the great injustice at present done to the parochial clerg , and he would 3ay one or two of those cases before the iouse. In one of case the gross rentcharge was 2381. 10s., the value of the hiouse and glebe was 261. 5s., maldng a total value of 2641. 15s., the outgoings in rates amounted to 151. 12s. 4d., which included 261. M.s 4d. for poor-rates, so that the net 3ncome of the clergyman was only 791. 2s. 8d. In another case out of an income of 841. Os. lld. the poor-rates amounted to 121. 3s. 9d. The hon. member proceeded to mention various other cases with a view of showing the inequality of the existing practice and the impossibility of working the pri. cipIe of rating on an estimate of the net annual value, as $,id down by the statute, and he referred aLso to the regort saf the comnittee of the lords in support of that meiho It pj,iht be said that persons who suffered from ttoesyini si*3ce ty vhich l-e bad referred had a power of appeaI, b th, fact was thi + that power of appeal was practically a pcmker, AWdI w as bO"! costly and odious. A clergyman KO IFMQumnd to -b9W t1, al thg other ocoupiQrt of propertWere under-assessed, for it wasnot enough toshowv tlhati himself was over-assessed; so that if he wished to m-ke un of the remedy afforded him by law he was driven to thi odious task of analyzing the proerty of all his n4iours. (Hear, hear.) He must, therefore, either edo that which, thank- God, the clergymen of Eng?and 'bad done, sit down patiently under the senEe of the injust>ce which he was suffering, or put himself in collision with those with whom it was necessary, in order to fulfil his clerical duties, that he should be on good terms; that suchl - was the case was proved by the evidence given by the present Chancellor of the Exchequer and by IL-. Willis before the committee of the House of Lords. He had himself received letters from many clergymen peintisg out their mexs of the injusticewhich they suffered, and the utter uselessness of the remedy afforded them by law. Another objection which he entertained to the present system was that the titne commatation had been fixed upon the principle of laying upon unimprovable hereditaments a charge founded upon the calculation of the rates then in existence, and he maintained that that compact had been practically violated in the first place by the insposition of new taxes; and in the second pLace by imposing on unimprovable property rates for purposes of improvement. Now, as regarded aremedy, there was the remedy whioh had been proposed by the Government in the measure of 1S50; that measure had been withdrawn, and he presumeed that the cause of that withdrawal was the difficulty of carrying out the scheme which it contained. Another remedy wasto allowby way of compensation, not now legaly allowed, but which in some counties practically were allowved, certain deductions. The hon. and learned gentleman, after enumerating the several bills which had been brought in on this subject, but which attempts at legislation had p roved abortive, proceeded to state the proisions of his own bill. He proposed that in estimating the rate at which the tithe rent-charge should be taken a fair percentage should be deducted, so as to arrive at the net annual value; that all the usual rates and taxes paid by the tenant should be deducted, especially the land. tax; that the stipend paid to the curate should also be deducted. The true criterion ought to be, what would the rent-charge let for? It was upon that principle that he deducted the salary of the curate. The owner of a tithe rent-charge ought also to be allowed to deduct the amount which he paid to Queen Anne's Bounty. Another provision was, that the valuation of the property rated in the parish should be open to inspection. That provision would operate as a great check against unequal local taxation. He had taken allthe Pains inhs powertomakehimselfmasterof this subject, and he hoped the Government wvould not, at all events, oppose the principle of a measure vhicl was intended to remove what was,by theuncontradicted acknowledgment of everynuthority, a state of things which inflicted the mosteruel injustice upon the clergy, but that they would show to the country that they were not indifferent to the sufferingswhich that clery had lon,g and patiently endured. The hon. and learned gentleman then moved that the bil be read a second time. Lord A. HERVEY seconded the motion. One reason why he advocated this measure -was that, even if the clergy of the church of England were inclined to agitate this question, it would not be in their power to do so. Theywere scattered about aU over the country, and were unable to combine for their own interests. But, even if they were, he believed they would not do so, for there was no body of men less careful of their own interests than the clergy of the church of England. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the inequality of valuing property for the rates the admission of the Poor Law Commissioners was conclusive. They stated that the practice was to value property generally at twotlirds or three-fourths of its real value, whereas the clerical owner of a rent-charge was rated to the full amount of all that he received. The effect, therefore, of the present system was precisely the same as if you were to impose a tax of ls. per acre on land held by a lay proprietor, and of Is. 6d an acre on land held by a clergyman. (Hear, hear.) The Parochial Assessment Act, which was intended to make the rating more equal, had failed of its effect. Out of 15,000 parishes in England 11,000 were without any valuation, and the valuation of the remaining 4,000 had been very imperfectly taken. Before the Tithe Commutation Act, the rent-charge naturaUy improved according to the improving value of the land, but since that act the property ofthe clergyman had been at a fxed value. He thought that the evil of which the clergy complained called for some practical remedy, and he hoped tbat the measure which had now been introduced by his hon. and learned friend would remove the injustice under which they laboured. Mr. BOIUVERIE said, as far as the grievance complained of ;as concerned, he apprehended it was indisputable. It was admittedcon aU hands that the practical workingof the system of assessment had resulted in an inequality, and therefore in injustice with respect to the parochial clergy. So far he-agreed with his hon. and learned friend, but he could not approve the remedy which was proposed to remoTe that grievance. Tithes, by the statute of Elizabeth, were subject to poor-rates. In early times a portion of the tithes was appropriated to the maintenance of the poor. There was a division of the tithes, in olden time, into three or four portions, one of which was the patrimony of the poor. Therefore, when the statute of Elizabeth made tithes contribute to the poor-rate, it was only continuing a charge to which the clergy were liable at common law. Tithes being subject to poor-rates, the question had always been upon what principle that rate should be assessed. The courts of law had recognised at .al times only one urinciple-namely, that all property subject to the poorrate thould oe taxed equally. The principle established in the Parochial Assessment Act was no new principleit merely declared the principle which had been established by a long course of decisions, that the value of the property taxed should be taken to be that for which it could be let, the tenant paying all rates, taxes, and charges. When that bll was pasSing through the House of Lords the Archbishop of Canterbury expressly moved that tithes should be exempted from the operation of the act;* hut that proposal was altogether repudiated, and the result was the adoption of a proviso proposed by the Duke of Richmond, that there should be no alteration of the law with respect to the rating of tithes and other kinds of property. Well, then came the Tithe Commutation Act, converting tithes into a rentcharge. The amount of tithes had hitherto been uncertain for the purposes of rating, but now the amount became a well knowvn and constant quantity. That was the grievance, because the tithe-owner's rent was known but the landowner's rent was not known; and those whose duty it was to make the assessment reduced the amount of assessment of the landowner, while they assessed to the ful value the owner of the rent-charge. That was the serious grievance complained of, and which his hon. and learned friend proposed to remedy. What was the amount of property to which this grievance applied? He of course, in an argument of this nature, put aside aU consideration of the hardship which might be inflicted on the parochial clergy, ae such. They must not be influenced by their sympathies; what it was their dutv to guard against was, whether in this or any other form of taxation, that no injustice was done. (Hear, hear.) The amount of property to be thus exceptionally dealt with was 4,050,0001. That portion of it which belonged to the clery wvas 2,411,0001.; the remainder, amounting to 1,639,0001., was the property of lay proprietors, schools, colleges, lessees; and others, to none of whom could the complaint of a personalgrievanceapply. Hishon.friendwouldpermit himto defendthe consistency of the opinion given bytheChancellor of the Exchequer upon this subject. The hon, and learned gentleman had quoted that right hon. gentleman as an autliority in favour of this bill, but he thought that his hon. and learned friend was altogether mistaken on that point. His right hon. friend was asked whether it was his opinion, if the Parochial Assessment Act were strictly carried out, there would be any injustice done between tfie tithe-owner and the landowner, and ho answered "No," and that he thought if the bill had been carried into effect the injustice complained of would never have arisen. The right hon. gentleman then said, " I am not aware of any other disadvantage to which the tithe-owner is subject than this, that his cards are shown, whereas the cards of the other ratepayers are not shown." AInd he added that al other occupiers should be compelled to show the annual value of their land in such a way as to insure equality of assessment. That was the remedy proposed by he right hon gentleman the Chancellor of the Exchequer. But his hon. and learned friend suggested a different mode of meeting the evil which did not appear to him ((Ix. Bouverie) to be adequate to the purpose desired. By the second clause of this ,bill it was proposed to deduct charges for collection, the usual tenant's rates and taxes, all ecclesiasical dues, and the repairs of the chancel and church. The law, as it now stood, allowed all those deductions. It was also proposed to deduct the land-tax, the stipends of curates, and the charges paid under Queen Anne's Bounty. The land-tax was a landlord's tax, and there was no reason why the tithe-ovwner should be placed in a different position from the owners of other property ubject to poor-rate. With regard to the stipends for curates, a large proportion of curates were kept in towns, where the grievance did not exist, and as to those clergymen who did not choose to perform their duties personally, they had no claim whatever. With regard to the payments under Queen Anne's Bounty, it would be a very large estimate to say that 20 per cent. of new incumbents' houses were built throughout the country; and therefore a deduction on that ground would be no consolation to the 80 per cent. of the clergy who were not subject to the charge. As to the alternative of making the assessment two-thirds or four-fifths of the tithe com- nintation rent-clarge, the same temptation would ex;ist to lower the estimate of other property as existed now, and no remedy would be afforded for the grievance of which the parochial clergy complained. He could not agree that the tithe commutation was a bargain made by the State with the clergy, and that the State had no right to subject it to new taxation. If the Legislature thought fit to impose new taxes upon the tithe rent-charge the owners had no more right to complain than the owners of other property. When the tithes were commuted the tithe-owner was credited with the receipt of the gross sum. Since that time the charge for poor-rate in this country had been dimnished 1,n00,00l., and if impositions of another kindhad been put upon the tithe-owner he ought to give redit for the benefit derived from the reduction of thle poor-rate. (Hear, hear.) As to the assertion of the hon. and learned momber for Tavistoek, that the right of appeal was a mere mockery, the apppeal given by the law now was no greater hardship upon clergymen than upon the hon. and learned gentleman or any ratepayer who was overrated. There seemed to him to be no other possible mode of remedying the injustice than by giving an appeal, whereby, if in any one instance the rate could be shown to be unequal, it would be put straight. If the hon. and learned gentleman could point out any practical means of facitating appeals he would considerof it; but he protested against clause D of the bill, which constituted the justices, whose function was merely to sign the rate, a court of ap- pea It would be intolerabbl for justices to haveeto sit as a court of appeal every time a rate wasallowed. (Hear, hear.) He approacled the subject with no prepossessions against the clergy, but he felt bound to point out that, while the clergy had an, indisputable grievance which, he believed, -mighthe remedied, this measure did not afford any real remedy, and was not sound in principle. He was not pre- pared to object to the second reading of the bill, but he had pretty clearly indicated what portions of it he should bbject to at a future stage. (Hear, hear.) Sir J, PAx NGTONnoticed the absence of theChancellor 9f thQExhe sseur adexpresse4 bris 5odiDQf tbat tb right Lon. gentleman ought to have been present, because he was , the higlest anthority on this question; he had held an 1 officeeE gretnimportanceunderthe Poor.LAw Board; he had dirrsted his attention during that period to this subject; he had speken, written, and given evidence upon. it, and he -ight be quoted as eminently favourable to the viewvs of the bo. and learned member for Tavistock H. e was very glad | o{hear the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Bouverie) eMy he would E otresistthesecondreading of the bill,thoughhe thought the House would agreewith him that every word of the speech of Ihe right hon. gentleman was directed against its principle. Hebad long felt that great practical injustice was done to the clergy under the system of rating to which they were exposed, and he tendered his thanks to the hon. and learned gentleman (Mr. R. Phillimore) both for having brought in a bill to correct the evil and for having dealt with the subject in a most clear and able speech. (Hear, hear.) He had a very strong opinion upon the justice of the complaints, and he could appeal to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, whom he was now glad to see in his place, in support of the view,, which he entertained. (Hear, hear.) The argument that a large portion of the tithe rent-charge belonged to lay im propriators, to colleges, and other corporate bodies was no answer to the case of the clergy, who complained that their incomes were diminished by charges not founded in justice. The right hon. gentleman the President of the Poor Law Board said the principle of law was, that all rating ought to be equal. He did.not dispute that dfictum, but, on the contrary, his argument for the bill was that the clergy were not equally rated. (Hear, hear.) The House of Lords had expressed theiropinion byresolution, that the rent-charge ought to be assessed, not in the full value, but at the rate - which a tenant would pay for it. The Chancelor of the Exchequer, in the report of she commission of which he was tile most conspicuous member, estimated the difference in the rating of owners of tithes ruid owners of other property in many cases at 20 per cent., and in some 10,000 or 11,000 cases at 30 or 40 per cent. He concurred with the hon. and learned gentleman (Mr. R. Phillinore), that practically the remedy of appeal in the case of clergymen was worthless, and he found the Chancellor of the E;xchequer, in the same report, making the same assertion. The Commissioners also said, " We consider that the clerical tithe owners have very just grounds of complaint as to the manner in which the rentcharge is valued in the majority of cases throughout Eogland and Wales, and, therefore, are fully entitled to protection as effectual as can he devised ag,ainst the eviL." The words were most conclusive as to the justness of the com,laint and the necessity for protection against the evil. Cheers.) As to the objection of the right hon. gentleman her. Bouverie) to the deductions for salaries of curates, he thought there was some weight in it; but. that vas a mere question of detail. He thought the measure, with some modifications, would deserve the. sanction of tlse House. Mr. HENLEY was glad that the President of the Poor Law Board had agreed to let this bill go to a second reading, because it was admnitted on all hands that the holders of tithe property were labouring under a grievance. He did not thinkl the House had anything to do with the question whether this property was owned by rich or poor persons. The only question was, whether there was ecluality or inequality of taxation in regard to this description of property. The truep rinciple was involved in the question, "if A were possessed of 100 acres of land and B of a tithe rentcharge of 1001. a-year, what would C and D give for the rent of each? (Hear,hear.) Let the House lookat the iteisnvhicl the hon. and learned gentleman gave by way of coimpensation. First, there was the curate, whose salary the hon. and learned gentleman said ought to be deducted. But, suppose the Legislature divided the parish, and assigned a portion to the curate. The tithe rent-charge would then be divided with the parish, and the curate would pay one portion, being a district clergyman, and the incumbent the other portion. He did not see that this charge ought to be a deduction. Such a deduction would operate unequally ; bedause, if a clergylman did not keep a curate the bill provided no remedy for his admitted grievance. A?oney borrowed upon the tithe rent-charge for the building and repair of houses was another item. That was a mortgage, but it did not affect the generality of livings. The fourth section referred to additional charges which might be put on this particular species of property. The hon. and learned gentleman said that a rent-charge was a fixed and unimprovable rent, and oughtnot to be subject to additional charges of any sort. But that argument cut both ways. Was the rent-charge to be a fixed quantity which was never to have another burden upon it? That was dangerous ground to take. It was true that a rent-charge was an unimprovable property, but it was certain of payment, and he thought that the gain in one part might very fairly be set against the los; in some other respects. The parochial assessment vPwas general' a little below the rent; but in one case which had come underhisobservation it wasconsiderably above the rent. He thought the owners of tithe rent-charge had a grievance to complain of - but he felt bound to say that this biDl did not relieve it. 'The House, however, by agreeing to this bill would admit that there was a wrong to be remedied. What that remedyshouldbehewouldnot undertaketo&say, although it would probably be found either in allowing a small percentage or in giving greater facilities of appeaL Sir W. HEATHCOTE said that a reduction in the tithe rent-charge rested upon two distinct principles. Some of the deductions were just in themselves, and others were put in by way of compensation for inequality, by a rough kind of justice. The tithe rent-charge represented a right to take one-tenth part of the gross produce of the land, and it ought not to be rated up to the net profits of other descripstions of property. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER believed that the clerical tithe-owner was subject to a real and substantial grievance in the rating of these tithes, arising from the fact that the surveyor who made the rate was for the most part a farmer of the parish, whose assessment of the proerlt of his own class was usually below the full value, w e the value of the tithe commutation rent charge, being publicly ascertained, was entered in the rate book at the entire value, and thus placed the clergyman at a disadvantage as compared with other parishioners. (Hear, hear.) The House was aware that there was a double motive for thus assessing the property of the parish. In the first place, if the rental of a farm were greater than the assessment each parishioner was a gainer as conspared with the tithe-owvner, who was assessed at the full value. There was another advantage in a low assessment, in regard to the county-rate. If a rate of 4d. or 6d. in the poundwere laid over the entire county, those parishes that were assessed at only 60 or 70 per cent. of the value paid a smaller percentage than those that were assessed at SO or 90 per cent of their value. He was of opinion that the House ought to remedy this grievance. (Hear, hear.) But the hon. and learned gentleman (Mr. Phillimore) did not propose to deal with this real grievance of over-assessment of some parishes and under-assessment of others. He established certain deductions, beginning with the amount of the salary and stipend of a curate. [Mr. PhiDliinore.-" The land-tax."'] Very possibly the tithe-owvner might be entitled to deduction in that respect, hut he would not enter into that question. The law regarded the tithe as property, and not as salary. If it were considered as property, and not as the remuneration for service, he could not see the equity of deducting the salary of a curate If a person absented hiumself from his benefice the lasv compelled him to keep a curate during his absence; but in that case he ex;ercised his owfn judgmient as to his absence, and therefore could not be said to he compelled to keep a curate. The provision of the bill upon that point was not, therefore, of particular value. Mfore might be said in favour of the deductions onaccount of Queen Anne's Bounty, because a clergyman was merely a tenant for life of his house-he could not dispose of it, as it was in the nature of an official residence, and he did not even stand in the same position with regard to it as an ordinary tenant for life. He was not awarethat any objectioncould be made to that section of the bill. With regard to the 4th section, he agreed with the right hon. gentleman the member for Oxfordshire (Mr. Henley). He thought no distinction could be made between new charges and old charges, and there was no reason why this species of property should not be subjected to the same new charges as any other species. If the principle were admitted, wby should it not include the increase of existing charges? In the case, for instance, of apolice-rate, separate from the county rate, the section wouldbe applicable, whereas if the police were charged upon an existing county rate it would be inapplicable. One argument used in favour of the titheowner . was founded upon the abolition of the rating of stock in trade, but he could not see its force. In town parishes the tithe system altogether failed because, the tithe being the tenth part of the increment of the soil, there was no increment of the soil as the ground was covered with houses. But in ordinay cases a titheowner was the owner of the tithes of a rural district containin,g few shops and scarcely any stock in trade, and therefore practicaly ho was not damnifled bythe disuse ofthelaw for rating stocl;in trade. He still retained the opinion he had formerly expressed as to the injustice lunder which the tithe owner laboured by the existing law, and he thoughlt the House ought to ap,ply itself to the removal of that grievance, but he doubted whether it would he effectually remedied by the present Mr. GLADSTONTE expressed his gratification at the general tone of the debate, and at tlhe fairness with vwhich gentlemen connected with land, and, therefore interested in rating as many classes of ratepayers as Possible besids that, to which they belonged, had admitted the grievance of which the titheowners complained, and endeavoured to facilitate its removal (Hear, hear.) Bis right hon. friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer had discussed the subjec t with the fairness eminently characteristic of his mind (hear, hear), and his knowledge of it was no doubt greater than that of any other member of the Ho xse; but, in order to illustrate the difficulties with vwhich his hon. and learned friend (Mr. Phillinioe had haa to contend in grappling with it, he must remind his right hon. friend that somo of the principles laid dowa in the report signed by him went far to support that 4th clause which he now opposed. He Would respectfully pres; upon the House that, after the universal admission which had been made as to the existence of the grievance which was the subject of the hill, it would not he altogether creditable to allow small difficulties of detail and small difference; of opinion to prevent the application of a remedy to tha' grievance. They ought not to fold their arms and sany, I Although the grievance is plain, palpable, and evea scandalous, we cannot, on account of difficulties o- detail, attempt to provide a remedy." It -would b - better to apply a remedywhich was open to some abstract objections than any longer to neglect the subject Although the right hOo. emeber for Qafordshire objecte i to some provisions of the hill, he understood the right hon. gntlemen and le understood the Government to pledg- themselves, in voting for the second reading, that the; wouldhonestlyh endeavourto make the bil as effectual a remedy as possible for an admitted grievance. (lIear,-hear.) The first object of the bill wvas to fix by law certain deduc- tions to which the titheowner was entitled; its second object, and that which presented the greatest difficulty, was tocuto~e so3teba 9 efet.o the inequtliy it offsesmn WVith regard to the two modes of proceeding psinted out by the right hon. member for Oxfordshire, he hardly thought it would be worth while to pass an act to improve the method of appeal, since the rnore elevated the character of a clergyman, and the greater his desire to maintain unbroken relAtions of amity with his parishioners, the greater would be his reluctance to resort to any appeal that could be provided. (Hear, hear.) The general feeling of -the House seemed to be favourable to a deduction on accousit of the parsonage house, as that house was not built for the -enjoyment of the clergyman, but in order to fasten him to his duty. The question of a deduction on account of the salaries of curates was one of the greatest intricacy, and he should look for guidance upon it to the authoritv of practical iiien such as his hon gentlemen; the members for Oxforiishire and for Droitwich. The rieht hon. centleman concluded by suggesting that the bill sh6uld Dreferred to a select committee, not for the purpose of taking evidence, as that would he nnuecessary, but for the purpose of carefully considering the various remedies which had been proposed for the existing grievance. lMr. HADFIELD was of opinion that parties who thought themselves aggrieved in the matter of assessment ought to have the power of appeal to a superior court, without the consent of the magistrates. Mfr. WIGRAM hoped that the Govermnent would apply their attention to. the. question, as it was impossible for a private member to carry a bill of this kind through Parliament without their co-operation. Sir H. WILLOUGHBY wished to know whether the-bill would affect the whole rating of the kingdom ? The occupiers of land, although free trade had exposed them to competitien with all the world, were most unjustly burdened in comparison with other employers of capital. Mr. NAPIE R called upon the Government to cooperate' in the endeavour to provide a remedy for a grievance whiceh pressed upon the clergymen both of England and I The bill was then read a second time, and referred to a select committee. AGGRAVATED A/SSAULTS BILL. Mr. DILLAVYN, in moving the second reading of this bill, observed that the main object of punishment was not the reformation of the offender, but the repression of crime; although it was no doubt desirable to attain both those objects, if possible, the former object had never been contemplated by our penal code. Two of the modes by which crime, might be re- ressedwerecororal punishment and imprisonment. Now, ed= not think that the fear of imprisonment would deter a man of brutal nature under the influence of passion or drink from the gratification of his feelings; the fear even of solitary imprisonment would not be sufficient to act directly upon his mind. In his opinion, solitary punishment, to be effective on the mind of an offender, must, first of all, have been experienced by him. Another suggestion had been made to the effect, that there should be a cheap law of divorce, and, no doubt, that remedy, by separating persons wvho had been ill-sorted together in marriage, would prevent the repetition of many of the barbarities complained of. But that was a very large question, requiring great deliberation, and he did not wish to mLx it up with the subject now before the House. Moreover, it would not meet the case ot concubines who wero entitled, at all events, to protection against brutal assaults, or of children. He, therefore, pro osed as a remedy the infliction of corporal punishment (hear, hear), for he believed that whipping would deter from crimes of this sort, which were committed by men of brutal and savage character under the influence of jealousy, drunkenness, or other excited feelings. In all theso cases, he might truly say that the greater the bully the greater the coward, and with respect to such a person nothing would so effectually operate as infliction of pain on the back. It was objected that this punishment would afterwards prevent a reconciliation between the husband and the wife. He did not deny that that might be so in some instances; but he thought it would tend to prevent the commission of the offence, and therefore it was worth a trial. It would not, however, he believed, prevent reconciliation in most cases. He recollected a case of a man being brought before the magistrates in South Wales for deserting his wife and family, and after being sent to gaol severl times he was at last incdicted as an incorrigible rogue and sentenced to be whipped. His wife was the promoter of his punislument, and, nevertheless, he afterwards went back to his family, lived with them happily and never again made his appearance Nefore the magistrates. In his opinion, the punishment of whippinwould not degrade or brutahlze the mens who committea these assaults, for he did not believe they could be degraded, as they were thorough brutes already. He referred to a meeting of women at Leicester on the subject, and he concluded that the reason why there had not been more of such meetings was that the women of this country relied with I confidence on Parliament taking measures to protect them against these aggravated assaults. Sir G. GREY said that, notwithstanding the general aud very strong desire that the offences to which the bill referred should be checked by the strong hand of the law, he felt bound to state the reasons which induced him to think that the proposed change of the law would be inexpedient. The hon. gentleman proposed to repeal the act now in force for the punishment of these assaults, and to re-enact it with the exception of the penalty to be inflicted. With much that had been stated by the hon. gentleman every one must agree. There was, and could be no sympathy with those persons whom the hon. gentleman had described as men of a brutal and savage nature, and who were guilty of these assaults on women, and especially on their wives. There could be but one desire-that these assaults should be checked. (Hear, hear.) The existing act gave a summary jurisdiction to magistrates to deal with cases of aggravated assault on women by imprisonment not exceeding six months, or by a penalty of 201., and, in default of payment, imprisonment for a like period. The hon. gentleman proposed to repeal the punishment inflicted by the existing act, and to reduce the sentence of imprisonment from six months to two, but to couple with it, in all cases, according to the wording of the bill, corporalpunishment. He (SirG. Grey) thought such a provision inexpedient, and if the House sanctionedthe proposedenactmentitwouldsanction forthe firsttimetheplacing of a summary jurisdiction to this extent in the hands of a single magistrate in cases of assault. tHear, hear.) If, however, the offence was of avery aggravated character,-the magistrate might think it right to send the case for trial at the sessions, and then the offender would be tried by a jury, and the ebainnan would not have the power, under this bill, to inflict corporal punishment, though that power was given by the bill to a single magistrate without the intervention of a jury. (Hear, hear.) He thought this was a power which the House would be cautious in placing in the hauds of a single magistrate. The hoii. gentleman assumed that the existing law was inadequate for the attainment of its object. 1so doubt it had not succeeded in completely suppressing the offence, but it would be a utopian notion to suppose that it could completely suppress assaults committed by men of a brutal nature, frequently under the excitement of intoxication. The hon. gentleman had referred to the return of offenceslaid before Parliament, but he had not compared the number comlmitted within a certain period before the existing act, and the number committed since in a similar period. 'Tle hon. gentleman had also overlooked another circumstance-viz., that the act of Parliament, by enabling any person, besides the assaulted party, to prefer a complaint before a magistrate, had had the effect of bringing to punishment- many offenders who before escaped punishment. The bill of the hon. gentleman was objectionable, too, on account of the effect which the proposed punishment might have on the future domestic peace of families. Under the present law, upon a complaint being made by a wife or any other person on her part, the magistrate had the power of infficting a long sentence with or without hard labour, and it very frequently happened that the offender was released at the entreaty of his wife before the expiration of the sentence. TTnder these circumstances, the offending husband was likely to go back to his home with feelings tending to the future peace of the family, but the case would be very different if he went to his home irritated by the consciousness that it was owing to his wife that he had been subjected to the infliction of punishment on his bare back. For aU these reasons, he thought the House oughlt to have some longer experience of the existing law before adopting the proposed amencdnent. Mr. PACKE felt strong objections to the bill, which, in these cases of assault, would oblige the magistrates to inflict corporal punishment, without any option as to the imposition of any other penalty. He thought that, before altering the present law, the House should have longerexperience ofits operation. Mr. BIGGS was of opinion that the present law had not proved a failure, but had operated satisfactorily. By inquiries made of the police at Leicester, he found that by comparing -periods of two years before and after the passing of the existing act, the offence of wife-beating was now one-third less, and the cases were not of so serious a character as formerly. If this were the case generally, there was not a prinza fade case for passing the proposed new law, especially when ,hey were so anxious to abolish flogging in the army and navy. (Heir, hear.) The women of ngland did not want thiepresent bill, and at the meeting I of women in Leicester, which had been referredto, a resolu- ttion agaiinst flogging was passed. I Mr. WHITBREAD supported the bill, in the hope of adding anew clause to it incommnittee, a great objection to tne present law was, that when a man was sent to gaol his. wife and family were deprived of bread; and he thought that that objection might be removed, by putting the offender, when in prison, to some remunerative labour, from the proceeds of which his family might be supported. Mr. BENTUCK supported the bill, for he thought the existing act had not had the effect which had aeen anticipated from it. He believed that these brutal assaults wvould be much checked when men imew, if they committed them, that they could not evade corporal punishment. The objection that the power of inflicting this punishment was not given to superior tribunals could easily be removed by extending the power to those tribunals. A man who bad been convicted of this offence was so completely brutalized that there was no possibility of reducing him to a lower state of nioral degradation, and the only way of acting upon his fears was through his skin. (HIear, hear.) Mr. BARROW thought that no man would be deterred from crime by a brutalizing punishment, and he appealed to the experience of hon. gentlemen who had servedin the army or in the navy whether the diminution of corpsjl punishment in those services had been attended with any relaxation of discipline. He objected, as a free-born Briton, to being subjected to corporal puishment (loud laughter) at the mere discretion of a magistrate and without the verdict of a jury. Captain SCOBELL thought the House was arguing this question upon a very narrow basis. (Laughter.) Hon. gentlemen had spoken asif this bill were meant to apply merely to wife-beating, but he would point out that, under the provisions of the bill, any gentleman-any member of that House- who happened to be of an irritable temper might run tne chance of being taken up and flogged for merely boxing the ears of a saucy boy. In his younger days he had seen a great deal of flogging in the navy. He had seen as may m Ji2 or 14 eun Ilo,gpd iun a day, butsut he Yer kmnw any man to be better for it. (1ear, hear.) Ire hoped that flogging would not be resorted to if it were possible to avoid it, for he believed that in half the cases the wives would not come forward if they knew that theywould subject their husbands to a flogging. Lord B. CECIL pointed out that, by the first clause of the bill, it was provided that this punishment was only t;be put in force m cases which the magistrate should thinkcould not be satisfactorily dealt with bv the 9th of George IV., chap. 3L It must be rememberedl that this punishment was to meet offences -which were so brutal that no punishment could be degrading to thosa who were g,uilty of them. (Hear, hear.) Flogging was still continued in the I army and navy, and it was only the excess of it which, had been abolished, and that all alloweed was injurious. The hon. member for Northamptonshire objected, in certain domestic arrangements which he seemed to contemplate, to being flogged without the consent of a jury; bat what possible connexion could the form of trial have with the particAlar punishment to be inflicted ? (Hear, hear.) The main objection urged against this punishment seemed to bethat it would not only not effect a reform of the criminal, but would absolutely obstruct it ; but that argament was founded on a misapprehension of the frst object of pwishment, which was to deter. A man was flogged, not for his own benefit, but for the benefit of the people who were not flogged. bMr. MUNTZ said, the real cause of the offence which they were now endeavouring to put an end to was the absoluteimpossibility of a man and his wife inthelowerelasses ever getting a divorce, howvever much ther might hate one another. How would they meet the case of a woman beating herhuibandt for he had knovn one or two case where women had infficted very serious injury on their husbands. There were faults onboth sides, and he very much doubted whether corporal punishment would have the effect of dimni- nishing the offence;oE woman-beatig. How would any hongentleman meet hus wife, he should like to know, after she had been the means of getting him a good flogging? (Laughter.) For himsel, he confessedhe should not be disposed to be very affectionate under such circumstances. In his younger days he remembered once knocking a man down for beating his wife, but the woman, as soon as she could get at him, scratehed his face for interfering. (Laughter.) Ithe hon. member wished to put an end to wife-beating let him bring in a bill to put a divorce within the reach of the poor man as well as the rich. Sir S. XORTHCOTE agreed with the noble lord the member for Stamford that the first object of punishment was to deter, but, to effect this, certainty of punishment .was quits as necessary as severity, and if the imposition of this punishment should ~make wfives more unwilling to prosecute and magistrates more unwiling to convict, this bill ould have quiteacontrary effect to thatwhich its advoc-ates aimed at. (Hiear, hear.)- Mr. S. WORTLEY doubted very much whether there had been any such increase in this crime since the passing of the present law as would justify further and more stringent legislation. That there had been an increase in the number of cases made public he allowed, but that arose fromn two causes quite unconnected with any increase of the crime, In the first place, it was a popular topic, wvhich induced all the newspaPers to publish everycase which -came before the Police courts; and, again, the increased moral improvement of the lower classes, vwhich made it more unlikely that the umber of the offences should have increased, made them more sensitive of a crime so atrocious as this, and more anxious to compel the wife to come forward and prosecute the husband who ill-treated her. (Hear, hear.) But, upposingthe offence had increased, would this provision to submit husbands to corporal punishment have the effect of preventing it? He thought not. The difficulty nowwas to get the wvife to come forward and prosecute the husband; it was always she who came forward and fell on her knees in the court, declaring that her husband bad not injured her; and howv much more would that unwillingness to prosecute be increased when the effect of the wFife's testimony might be to make her husband go forth as a marked man for life, carrying the scars of his degradation on his back? (Hear, hear.) The House then divided. The numbers were For the second reading ... ... 97 -Against the second reading ... ... 135 Majority ... ... 3S The bill was consequently lost. The Sleeping Statntes Bill was read a second time. The Scientific and Literary Societies Bill was read a second time. The House adjourned at a quarter before 6 o'clock.
TO THE EDITOB. OF THE TTIhF.- Sir,-I beg to correct an inaccuracy in yonr report of vhat I said yesterday to Mr. Drummond, arising from mny speahdng 3a alow tone of voice. What I said was that Mr. Drummond had applied a quo-. tation in argament with me, which quotation was not what he represented. He stated the quotation to be from lignori, but it was from another 'writer, and Liguori held a perfectly different opinion. The passage in qniestion asserts that in certain cases the Pope can dispense wrth Divine law. But Liguori states this ophiion onty to refute it. I shall be much obliged if you give this letter a place in youlr columns. Your obedient servant. U. BOWYER. Temple, May 7.
PABLIAMENTARY NOIICES. HOUSE OF COMON2, THuRsDAY. WIAY 8. ORDERS OF THE D.tY. ifetormatory SchOOlS IicOtldnd) Btbll1,-Commonittee. Railay and Canal Trafic Bill,-Secnd reading. Bie3chmg6 Works (No. 2) Bill,-Second reading Cemmianoners of SuPPlY (SceUsand) BiH,-As amended, to be conSumma3ry JurisdietionRill,-Seeond reading. Procedure and Evidence Bill,-Second reading. Testamentary and 7atrimonial Jnrisdiction Bill.-Second reading. Marrried WVomen's Reversionary Interest BiDl,-Third reading Judgments Execution, &c. BiU,-Second reading. Prisons (Ireland) Bi'l,-Committee. liuriarronnds (Irelnd) BiUl.-Committee. Joint-Stock Banks Bill,-Adjourneddebate on going into committee. roar Law (Ireland) Bill,-aecond reading. Judicial ]?rocsdure, ae. -(Scotland) Bih1,-Scond reading. Registration of Voters (Scotland) Brn.-SoconGreadings Bsenkruptcyand Insolvency (Ireland) BiDl,-Second readinm West Indis Loans Bih,-Committce.! National Gallery Bih1,-Third reading. Transfer of WLorks (Ireland) BiUf.-Iecondrreading. Ma3ynooth Colego BiUl,-Setond reading. If;OTICaS OF IsorfOS. Mtr. wsrt,-To inquhre of the Tast CommisioneCr of PTboteWorths vhat progress haa iceen made inpreparing an increased seober of se3ts to be placed round the trees in lRensington Gardens, as well casin 'yde Park, for the convenience of the publate SIr. Forteacue,-Toaspk the Attorney-Generdl for Irelpnd whether any scheme is in preparation for increasing tho salaries of Sedsional Crow.n Soficitors im Eeland and hhether the neCcesary rote for that purpose wil coo taken in the eticates durion the present session, Visconnt Pbnlersten.-Thanks to the army, navy, nnd mlrines employed in the oecrations of the late war, and to tho embodlied militia. Ca epnai L. Vemont-Copy of anrcorrespondence or reports reseting thc draunueness or Other misconduct of the drmy WCorks Corps at Banklna>. tr. Brotherton,-Address for reture of al gasworse 'established under actsof ParliamCnt inCEnglandand Wales. and where situated stating in cofimns the maximum charge for 1,000 cubic feet of gas, the inimutn charge per 1.000 cubic feet. the material used, e ao fnfarquis of Blandford,-Itetum of al sums whicebave bee granted by any public department of the Government wiithin the Inst ten years in aid of the erection of churches or schools5 or have becnexpeded by such departments for such purposes. dr. Craouthrd. -Returns of the na ojadges of County Courts. clerks, or high bailiffs, to Chom any retiring alowsance. antnstyt or payment has been made by a m3inute of the Treasury since the establi3hmentOf the Coumty Ceous in 18x7, the date of sch paymen, and the amount of it in each case; the reasons for such allowvances, the section of heo act of Parliament s yo r ich theyere authorized, and the fund from which they are paid; And, of the amount of allfees and paymen3ts made to ca^h of the high bailiffs of County Courts, including all fees and payments respecting the scrvice of summons, executions, holding Passession, and insolvencY. or from any other sourco connected wVithn their noifle, in the year 1855, and the amount of payments made to sub-bailffs, and other official expenses. Mr. Hutchins,-Address for return of the number of boys under 16 years of. ae received into the Westminster-house of Correction, TdthiliFielus, who were summarily convicted by the magistrates, from the 1st slay of January to the 30th day of April, 1856; also of the numler of beys under16 years ofage received into the same prison from the assizes and session f'or the same period. MLr. Bowy er,-Gaols, ac,-Bi'd to amend the Act of the 4th of George _V., chap. 64. SIr. Duu]op,-In committee on Bleformatory Schools (Scotland) Bill, to move amendmenlts.
QUIET STBEETS. TO THE EDIT01TTOF THE TIMES. Sir,-Many of your readers living in a " quiet street," as it is my privilege to do, must have perused the article on street music and street annoyance in your paper of this day -with some degree of hope that it -would produce some good, and be the means of drawing the attention of the autho- ities to the. subiect. I have vrritten to Scotland-yard repeatedly and 1 enclose their latest reply. The horrible organ, then, shonld boe compelled to "'move on" until they v.ere tired of their occupation. I trnst,Sir, you will persevere antil the nuisance referred to is completely stopped I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. W. X. IJO1SNOY% 4, Rodney-street, Pentonvifle, :May2. " Metropolitan Police-offie, Wlhitehall-place, Feb. 22. "Sir,-I have to aclmvowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th inst., and to acquaint you in reply that the law does not give the police authority, as you suppose, to take into custody street musicians, nor to prevent their playilg organs, &a., inthe street. An inhabitant may, on account of illness in his family, ! such as you mention, require the party to depart from the neighbourhood of his house; and the superintendent of police of the division will communicate wtith you as to the arrangemnent of poEice to be made for the purpose. | ~~~~"lIam, Sir, your obedient servant, "RICHARD 3N1AYD "W. fEl. Jo}nson, Esq."
A BETTER TVAY OF CELEBRATING THE PEACE THAN BY ILLUMINATIO.NA,S. TO THE EDITOfOF T1E TIMES. Sir,-A gentleman in a large way of business at the Westend has promised to give a donation of 10 guineas to the " Soldiers', ufant Homo" instead of illuminating his house on the 29th inst., on condition that his windows are left uamolested. Many other persons in London have also consented to give liberally to some military charity rather than throw away their money in illuminations. I beg to inform all sach kind and sensible persons that if they thus intend to hel the poor daughters of the army, the office of the Soldiers Daughters' Home is at No. 9, Waterloo-place, :PaU ;naUl where, on application, they vwill be supplied, gratis, wvith large placards, to be placed in their wiindowvs on the night of the illuminatlons. These placards will effectuasy prevent all molestation, by stating the amount promised for the soldiers' families, with the signature of the chairman of the Home. Knowing, Sir, how open your columns are to such practically benevolent suggestions, I leave the issue, with confideuce, to you, in hopes that we may be able, with your assistance, to admit at once all the destitute and motherless girl no beginforadmission. girluno most obedient servant. H. L. PO1fYS, Major, Cbhainnan of Infant Home. The Soldiers' Infant Home, Rosslyn-park, (iffce, pro tfno} 9, )Taterl-oplace Pall-1 maEllBy 6.
CHELTENEYfAM BL'TC2,O2 The nomination of candidates for the borough, od -iie vacancy occasioned by the appointment of MT. Grenvfll3 Berkeley to a commissionership in the Customs, took place yesterday (Wednesday), and, contraryto general espectation. a contest is taldng place. Ca tai Ber eley, son of the Rigl4i Hon. Admiral Sir M. F. F. keley, 'who -we stated in !1-c TZimes of Monday had announcedhimself as a candidate, on Moonday and Tuesday waited personaly 'upon the electors, accompanied by his relative the late member, and uptc> esterday morning no second candidate had been announced. inuours of an opposition, however, were againrife, anct were fully verified at the hustings. The nomination took rlace at the Town-hall, which was well pack-ed with thefriends of both candidates, the Berkeley party being the strongest. Atli o'clockthe prooeedings commenced, and, the returning officer, Mr. Bell, having read the 'vrit andi. tak;enthe lsual oath, proceeded-without reading theBriberyAct, as has been usaal at elections of old-to call upon the electors to nouminate their candidates, on -which Mr. F. Moxrto proposed Captain Frederic 'WilliamnFitzhardinge Berkeley as a fit and proper person to represaent the borough in Parliament. Captain Berkeley was a you and an untried man, but the services and political principies. of his family vwere well known HIe appealed to those principles, and promised to waLk in the footsteps of his predecessors. II^ elected, Captain Berkeley would support the present Government;- he (MIr. Monro) thought this ws aX wise determinat.ion, although he admitted tha3t the Government wfas not immaculate. As to the late war, he considered that wve had gained our object in it. (No, no 1) Ruisia had been driven back and her fortresses taken. (A. Voice-" And given up again.") MiLr. DO'waxG, a prominent member of a Dissentint congregation. seconded the nomiination. A gentleman, who was said to be Sir Alexander Ricmsay, then came forwfard, and, amid considerable interruption,. proceeded to nominate Mr. J. G. Eallewell (formerly memober for Nse'wry, and connected with Cheltenhwam) as a canididlate to fi11 the vacant seat. Mr. Hallewvell 'was a gentlemean. of mature judgment, of business habits, and had already in the House of Commons, where he was known as a ticularly active and independent member. (A Voice.- "Sendhimbackto Newry.") Hewasa determined advocate for the redress of all mere abuses and grievances, and' now that the question of free trade was settled he would. give his steady adherence to it, and by that he meant free, trade in its fullest and fairest sense. He 'was a decidedi advocate of Protestantism Mr. G. PARSONAGE seconded the nomination, and observed that Mr. Hallewell in asking for the suifrages ofthe, electors of Cheltenhain did not seek-for a snug berth for' himself (laughter and cheers), nor to be a "'whipper-in" orwhipper out of any party. He called on, the eiectors oF 'Cheltenham to throw off the "Berkeleyyoke." (Cheer=and groans.) Captain BEnRKE , on presenting himself, was vehemently cheered. He said he had never had an opportunity' of addressing a pubYic meeting before that day, and hehoped they would not, therefore, expect a long speech from. hin. There was an old saying, that " many -words woulluotfil a bushel ;" therefore, perhaps, the electors would vish to know how he intended to vote, should ho have thehonour of being returned as their member. When heissued his address to the electors he stated in it that heintended to follow in the footsteps of those of hisfamiUy who, for 20 or 25 years, had represented Cheltenanha in Parhlament. Those principles, lie believed, 'were theprinciplesof the miajority of the electors of Cheltenham. They were principles not of obstructive Conservatism, but. of progressive reform, and these were the plinciples by- 'which the people of this great country couid alone be constitutionally governed. Se 'would- now state his views upon, some of the leading questions of the day; and first he would ask his hon. friend Mr. Hallewell if he 'was for vote byballot, because he (Captain Berkeley) was. Theballot'would insure freedom of election, it would prevent the "screw'" being put on the poor man, and by its means the poor man, 'would be allowed to vote according to the dictates of his consCence, and not according to the bidding of his master_ (Cheers and laughter.) He would extend the franchise (a voice-"How far?") to 51. in towns and borongh% and to 101. in the country; for he held thati every man who had a share in the State had a right to record hisvote. He was not in favour of Mr.. Spooner's motion. He was not for granting a freshl endotwment co latnooth, but he gorud bvote for no meaeg rethat wam calculated to stir a oeligiou 'od tfeeing in Irelands (" Oh, oh 1") He was in favour of doing away with churchrates altogether. '(Vehement cheering.) Gentlemen would'i be much surprised if they were asked to pay rates and'taxes for a theatre 'which they did not go to, and so howould say, let those pay church-rates ;who 'went to church(laughter and cheers.) He 'was for the general education. of the people, but not for compulsory education. He 'would confidently leave his cause-which was their causealso-in their hands. The Liberal cause had always. hitherto flourished in Cheltenham, and (concluded the speaker, striking his hand vehementlyupon the table before him) it shall again! (Loud and protracted cheering and Mr. h e LLEwELL, addressing the electors, said he cameto Cheltenham that morning uncertain that he should now" appear before them as a candidate to represent them in Parllament. He had been led to believe that there 'was a feeling gaining ground in the borough that the political opinions and principles which had been professed by members vwho had heretofore represented them 'were not the I olitical opinions and princiles of the majority of the constituency. (A Voice.-" Yon have been misinformed."p) Possibly he might have been misinformed, but at any rate? ihe poll next dav 'would decide the question. Unless he had I eleved this, anid also that the political principles which headvocated were such that not only the Conservative party of the borough approved, hut also a section of inde1 endent and moderate Liberals, he should not have intruded himself upon them that day. Although his political views and opinions 'were founded on Conservative principles,. 'which} he conceived to he the fundamental principles of the, British constitution, at the same time he should never come forward except as an independent member. In his supportb' of the Conservative party he adhered to this rule of independence. It was the cause of the Conservative party towhich he gave his support, and not to any particular leader of it. He considered Conservative principles to be those fundamental constitutional principles laid dowvn at the Revolution of l@SS-alimited monarchy, hereditarypeerage,. a free House of Commons, and an established Protestant church; civil and religious liberty, equal rights, and equal justice to every subject of the realm. (Cheers.) He" vouldnot vote for the baUot, nor for an extension ofthe suffrfage,butwould voteforamodificationof the church-ratelaw. fle 'would resolutely resist every attempt to an-Christianize the British Legislature. He should not vote in favour of' the grant to Maynooth (applause and shouts), considering: that grant inconsistent with the principles of the British constitution. He should resist any of those notions of legislation which would disturb the rights of property as well asof inteligence ; but the dav might come when some modification of the present system might be required, and he would then give the matter his best attention. As to the' late war, he sincerely congratulated the conntry on its teranination. It was gratifying to contemplate that the energies(f the conntry which had lately been absorbed in 'war 'would. a:ow be devoted to the arts of peaee; but there 'would be' much to be recorded in history as to the way in which that varhad been conducted. Itwas only nowv that the war 'was over that the means 'were found for carrying it on WitIL ability. There never was aGovernment which hadforfeited -and justly forfeited-the confidence of the country somuch as the Govermment which commenced and had caraied on that war. They must bear in mind that the greater number of the present Ministry were members of theMinistry that had commenced the 'war and had carried it on so disgracefully. They would have had no amelioration oF its conduct but for the indi-nant goadings of the British press. In conclusion, MIr. ilallewdll invited the electors to' meet him again in the evening at the circus. The show of hands was declared to be in favour of Captain Berkeley, and a pol bein" demanded on behalf of Ur._ Hallewell, it was appointed to ke taken this day (Thursday), commencing at 8 o'clock.
CHuRcHi,ssrIe;oNY SociErr.-The annunil meeting of this society vas held in Exeter-hall on Tuesday, the Earl of Chichester in the chair, supported by the Earl ofT Shaftesbury, Viscount Mdidleton, the Hon. A. Kinnaird, A.LP., theHon. S. R. Curzon, Mr. T. B. Horsfall, HEP, Admiral Sir H. Hope, Major-General Alexander, the Rev. Lord W'. Russell, the Rev. Canon Stowell, and nuncrous, other friends of the society. The chairman, in opening the proceedings, adverted to the encouraging circumstauces. of' the present time, and the opportunities afforded for the expression of gratitude, by carrying on the work of Christian mnissions in the countries nowv open to the missionary. It. 'was enconragingtoknow. tl:at, notw ithstanding the increased amount of taxation on account of the war, the subscriptionsto the society had not faUen off, buthad been larger, hebefleved, thanon any former occasion. It appeared from thereport, which was read by the lRev. J. Venn, that the amount received forthe general fund, including the China Fund, was, 112,3791. A special donation to theSierraLeoneFemale Institution of 1,000. had also been received, and the subscriptions to the Fund for Disabled Missionaries, &c., amounted to l,8291., makLing a total of 115,2081. received in the united lingdom, which was 7,S651. in advance of last year, and nearly 2,0001. more than the income of any previous year. The general expenses of the society at homne and abroad were 109,7S91., and 5,2911. had been expended on account of disabled missionaries, &c. ; total expenditure, L15,OSOl. The excess of expenditure over income in the past year wasS72l. ; in the previous year, 5,621!. ; making a total excess in the two years of G,4931., whiclL had been borroweed from the capital fund. The account of local funds raised in the missions and. expended upon the operations of the society bad not yet been received. The society had now 128 stations, and. engaged119 English clergymen, 54 foreigners, 30 natives and East Indians, 33 European laymen, schoolmasters, lay agents, printers, &'c., 9 European female teachers (exclusive of missionaries' wives), and 1,716 native and country-born catechists and teachers of all classes. The number of communicantswasl8,739. These stntisties showed a considerable increase on those of last year. The report gave interesting details of the society's labours, and referred toL& conference which had recently been held at Calcutta, attended by 50 Protestant missionaries, belonging to societies of different denominations; 1,0001. had been offered to commence a mission in Oude; the committee had resolved to accept the offer and to push forward their operations in that country, as also in Turkey, to the utmost of their ability. The meeting was addressed by the Earl of Soaftesbury* the Rev. T. Garier, chaplain to the Hose of Commons;- the Hon. A. Xnnaird, 3LP. ; the Rev. J. W. Reeve; theXev. H. Tow.nsend, from Abbeokuta; the Rev. C. F. Cobb, from Benares;* the Rev.J. ,owen, from Turkey; lfr. T. B. korsfall, ALP. J and the Rev. J.C. ilde. CoNsuSxnONr OF SPr r 3- IRELAXrD.-In the yearendedthe 31st of March, 1855, 8,037,039 gallons of spirits were charged with duty for home consumption in Ireland, out of 8,104,478 gallons distiUled. In the period between the 31st of March, 1855, and the 15th of February, lSi56, ,702.S91 gallons were charged with duty for home consumption, out of 6,88,241 gallons distilled. in 185354 the quantity entered for -home consumption was 8,220,159 gallons, in 1S52-53, 8,348,04 galons; and in 1e51-52, 7,627,405 galIons.
&ONZY-AtARKBTwid CITY INTBLLITGNCR. _---- ._ _ Wednesday Evening. The English funds opened this morning at a devline of an eighth, but there was subsequently rather more firmness. Consols for money were frst quoted 924 to s and, after having touched 319, they closed at 92g to 93. For the 4th of June the latest price was 93a to J. The market was partially influenced by indications that in the settlement of the account, which takes place to-morrow, a full supply of stock is likely to be delivered. Soma tendency to fluctuation is also caused by contradictory reports as to the probability of a loan. Occasionally it is asserted that a Consol loan wiU be raised, but that it will be of very smaU amount. Others feel confident that there will be nothing more than a limited issue of Exchequer-bonds; and others are disposed to believe that, whatever may be the requirements of -the Chancellor of the Exchequer, he wiU not come into the market until after the payment of the June dividends. Bank Stock left off at 2101e to 211 ; Reduced, 91 to ; Now Three per Cents., 92k to -; India Stock, 227 to 229; India-bonds, 6s. to 2s. discount; and Exchequer-bonds, 98. For Exchequer-bills there -was an improved demand, and the last quotations were Is. discoiunt to 2s. premium for the MIarch descriDtions, and 4s. discount to par for the June. The demand for money is active in the discouintmarket, and it is apprehended that at the Bank of England the applications are still sufficiently numerous to render it likely that the expected equalization of their rates to 6 per cent. may yet be delayed for a week or two. Foreign secul-ities were steady, wvith a moderate <amount of business. Turkish Six per Cents. were purchascd at 98 for the account. In the Four per I Cent. Guaranteed Stock bargains took place at 101 for money, and 101-k for the accoiunt. The general operations comprised-Brazilian Small, 99; Alexican, for money, 22H, and 22I -3, and i for the account; Russian Four-and-a-iai- per Cents., 95; Sardinian Five per Cents., 95; Spanish Three per Cents., 441 for money, and 456 for the account; the Yew Deferred, 24; ; Belgian Fourand-a-Half per Cents., 95; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 94 and 931. The corn-market was quiet this morning at the prices of Mlonday. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening cwere 74f. 85c. for money and 75f. 35c. for the end of the mnonth, showing a reaction of an eighth. A further sum of about 60,0001. Australian gold is understood to have been taken to the Bank today. The bar silver brought by the last WVest India steamer has been sold to-day at 61,d. per oz., being an advance of id. on the price obtained for that by the preceding packet. The commercial advices from New York this week mention that the news of the confirmation of peace had not produced any effect beyond a -fractional advance in cotton. A contraction of their loans and discounts by the banks, which hacd been for some time expected, had created increased stringency in the money-market, a rise of one per cent. having occurred in the rates of discount. The stock-market, therefore, continued wvithout anim.ation. -Erie Railway was quoted 57; Panarnia, 104 ; Reading, 92; and Dllinois Central Bonds, 88. 2icaragua was still without recovery, the quotation being 14. The Bank of Commerce had announced an intention to double its capital, which will thus be raised to 2,000,0001.; and a rumour prevailed, caused, doubtless, by the mania for get-ting, up ne foreign banks in London, that bank with a capital of 4,000,0001. vwas shortly to be started with funds from abroad. There -vas nothing later from Mexico or Nicaragua, and the intelligence of Walker's temporary defeat in I;s invasion of Costa Rica was generally creditedl. The Government organ at Washington appeared clisposed to encourage sympathy for him in his piratical course, by representing that England and France are determined to find some means of insuring his overthrow. At the departure of the steamer the rate of exchange <n England exhibited firmness, and the amount of gold broug,ht is 102,0007., while the letters state that future remittances will most probably be considerable. The amended bill of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to prevent fire policies from being taken out in foreign insurance companies, has just been printed, and contains a nevw clause, further exemplifying the contrivances to which it is deemed expedient to resort in order to maintain the existing duty. It being fotnd that the imposition of this tax on foreig-n ag-encies in E:ngland will be futile for the object imled at, since the business can be carried on by direct correspondence between the insurer and the continental office, a special provision has beeii inserted to render any person who may effect an insurance in a foreign company liable for the amount of duty which the company would have to pay if it were established in England. As there are no ostensible means of discovering this liability, the claim of the Government can be obtained only by the voluntary payment of the amount on the part of the insurer, or the establishment of a system of in<luirywhichwould be novel and undignified. In the -one case the evil peculiarity of the income-tax wvould be repeated, since the scrupulous would pay and the lx w ould escape; while in the other, as there is apparently no penalty for arrears beinog allowed to accwnulate, the discovery that they are due would still leave the debtor with the advantage of having had the use of the money v;hile he delayed their -disbursement. Looking at these facts, although it is quite possible the clause may operate as a con-siderable check, the necessity for having recourse to it serves as a final proof of the extortionate character of the impost, already condemned on every consideration which could prevail in a commercial country, where habits of prudence should be universally encouraged and respected. Subjoined is the new clause, and another which has also been added in committee, enabling re-insurances to be made vwithout a fresh payment of duty:-j " When any such insurance as aforesaid shall be made by any company, society, orperson or persons out of the united kingdom not hav-ing or keep-ng within the said kingdom an -office for insuring, and being duly licensed under the said acts in respect thereof, the person insured shall be charge.able with the duties payable in respect of such insurance and the same shall be a debt due from him to Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and be recoverable in the manner pronidedby the eighth section of the act passedin the 14th year of Her Majesty's reign, c. 97, or by any other mode by whI Ci anv such debt may be recovered. "A And ;vhereasa practice prevails among certain insurance companies, on their granting policies of insurance from 3oss by fire for lare sums, to procure from other companies, in consideration of portions of the premiums for such in-surances, indemnity by way of guarantee in case of any such loss happening, against the payment of certain parts of the :sums insured, and it is expedient to exempt such indemnity or guarantee from the yearly percentage duties which would otherwise be chargeable in respect thereof as an insurance from loss by fire ; be it enacted that where an insurance from loss by fire shall be made by any company who shall duly account for and pay the full and proper duties chargeable in respect thercof, the yearly percentage duty shall not be payable in respect of any re-insurance effected by such company wvith any other company by way of indemsaity orgularantee against the payment on the original in-surar ce of any portion of tQhe money insured thereby, and no *other duty than the stamp duty of ls. chargeable upon a ,policy of insurance from loss by fire shall be payable upon such re-insur-mnce." The following note has been received from the East and West India Dock Company regarding the 'eccident last evening from the bursting of the gates of the South Dock :- "Dock-office, May 7,5 p.m. " The secretary of tie East and West India Dock Com-pany begs to state, with reference to the accident at one of -the dock entrances, that the engineer reports that he does not discover any injury beyond the gates, that there is no anateinal destruction of property, and no loss of life. " The engineer expects to have a pair of gates fixed forth-with, so that the busines3 of that dock maybe continued -without interraption, all the other entrances being now ,available, as usual." The Bankersr a Magazine furnishes the returns of circulation of the private and joint-stock banks in England and Wales for the four weeks ending the 12th of April, and gives the following as the average weekly circulation of those bank-s during "he past month, viz. Private banks. ... ... 5,00 Joint-stock banks ... . .. ... 3,13.3,088 Average weekly circulation . £. ... ;6,988,148 On comparing>, the above with the returns for the preceding month, ending the 1th of March last, it shtows- An increase in the circulation of the private banks of .65,51a An increase in the circulation of the joint- stock bankls of ... ... ... ... 139,546 An increase on the month ... ... R305 Aund as compared with tihe return for the correspond- ing period of last year, viz., April 14, 1855, it Sows.-. A decrease in the circulatior. of the private banks of ... ... ...R5,618 A decrease in the circulation of t joi34 stock banks of ... ... ... ... 18,334 Decrease on the year ... ... ... £75,952 On comparing the above with the amounts of the fixed issues, the following appears to be the comparative state of the circulation :- The privatebanks are below their ixedissues £715,81 The joint-stock banks are below their fixed issues. ... ... ... ... .... 13055 Total below their fixed issuo .,. 98,926
TRADE BEPORT. SUGAEII.-There havebeen no auct s a t - vately 3,000 bags of Mauritius and Bengal have been sol.at former prices; also, 300 hhds of French West India, in ad. dlition to 400 hhds. of British and 100 boxes of white Havannall, at 37s. 9d. COFFsie -Tie auctions went off steadily, 320 cansk of plantation Ceylon selling at 59s. Cd. to 65s. for fine fine ordinaxy small grav to bold coloury; 200 bogs of native Ceylon brought SOi. to 53s. 6d. for fair to good ; 400 bags of St.. Domingo were wiithdrawn at 51s. 6d. Ricg.-T:here were no public saes, and privately very little business is doing. SsxLLTs'xTRs continues dlepressed. CocnnmEAL.-60 bags in auction went off at previous qotations; 50 bags of Teneriffe silver foxy, ordinary to good, Ps. Sd. to 3s. 1Od. per lb.; and 10 bags of Hondluras, blaclk small grains, 4s. to 41s. Cd. per lb. TALLow.-The mark-et closes firm at 45s. 6d. on the spot, and 45s. 9dl. for the last three mnonths, with a considerable busines doing. _____
STATE OF TRADE. -O NOTTINTGHM'i, WEDNESDAY. Thero has this week been a rather more quiet feelin in the lace trade. Tho colI weather still continuing has a tendency to check the demand for goods of a fancy description. There is a tolerable demand for plain nets at high prices. Buyers from the United States are in the market, and operating to some extent. Altogether the lace trade is in a fair condition, and makers are well employed. In hosiery there is hardly so much doing, still the trade is in a healthy condition, and will doubtless become more brisk as the weather becomes more genial. There being a good demand for hosiery goods, manufacturers are enabled to realize hiih prices for their goods, which are advanced on account oF the high price of the raw material. Operatives are on the whole well employed, at good wages.
THE CORN TRADE. C01N-EXCHA?NGA W-D-MAY. MALY 7. The arrival of wheat are not large. but those of oatsasow an iDcre. The trade is no, verY active, and quotation generally present little alteration from Monday. AnrAWM&
TO THE EDITOR OF TTE TTMES. Sir,-Youri correspondent in your paper of to-day is in error in charging the Birmingham Chamber of Commerce with "supineness" in reference to the Local Dues on Shipping Bil, the council of the Chamber having been among the first to petition Parliament in its favour, having since used active exertions to collect evidence as to the iDjuriOUS effect of those dues on the trade of this district, and having lately appointed a deputation of three influential merchantsto prepare and submit that evidence to the select committee now sitting on the bilI. T :r ranPanin w THE VICE-1PRESDENT OF THE BIRMUGHAB1 CHAIBER OF COMIERCE. Birmingham, Slay 5.
A NOvELTY iN MusIcu AwT.-An article of considerable interest, as wel in an artistic point of view as for its rarty and intrinsic value, has just been produced by Messrs. Rudall, Rose, and Carte, the musical instrumentmakers and publishers in New Bond-street and at Charingcross, and is now on exhibition by them previous to being forwarded to its destination. It consistsof a flutemade entirely of the purest gold, with just so much alloy as was absolutely indispensable in the adaptation of the metal to such a purpose, and has been manufactured by them expressly for Mlr. Gilbert Wright, a solicitor and an amateur fluteplayer, resident in Sydney, who sent over to this country the requisite quantity of Australian gold with that view. The instrument, in its finished state, contains 141 ounces of gold, besides the slight quantity of alloy, which makes the metal of the quality of 184 carats, and its value is from 130 to 150 guineas. In its construction all the imnprovements of MI. Bcehm have been introduced which gained for him the Council Medal at the Exhibition of 1851, as wel as the additional improvements as regards facility of fingering made by Mr. Carte, and for which his firm obtained the pnze medal on the same occasion. It were not too much to say that these radical changes in the construction of the flute have given to that instrument a capacity for the production of sweet sounds heretofore wholly unknown, while it retains aU its well-known peculiarities, and these highly intensified, and is divested of the difliculties of blowing and manipulation inherent in the old instrument. THREE CEnIDREN PoIsoNED.-Mr. S. Reed held an adjourmed inquest in the village of Earsdon, near Shields, on Monday afternoon, on the body of Matthew Humble, aged 3it years, and subsequently at Lon' Benton, upon Robert Wood, aged 71 years, and largaret Weston, aged a5 years, children of pitiimen residing in the village of Campec- down, who died in a few hours after having a smal quantity of flower of brimstone administered to them. It seems that in March last several of the children of the villag had been attacked with an eruption of the skin. Their parents had procured some flower of brimstone in the viDa-e shop, kept by one Elizabeth Short. Immediately after tie brimstone was administered to the children, though previously in comuaratively good health, they were all attacked with alarmnug symptoms, to all appearance as of cholem, and the three children abovementioned had died, Weston two hours after taking a spoonfdl of treacle and brimstone, and the other two children a few hours after the one had taken a teasploonful of treacle and brimstone, the other after having swalowed a smal quantity of sulphur in water. From something that subsequently transpired information had been sent to the coroner, and the bodies of al the children were exhumed, and a post snortem examination made by Mr. S. W. Rayno and Mr. J. Edgecombe, sirgeons of Newcastle. The viscera, stomach, liver, &c., were forwarded to Dr. Richardson, the analytical chymist of Newcastle, whose analysis was produced on Monday. Some sulphur which had been left after the doses had been administered to the clhldren, a small quantity of sulphur which had been also piurchased at Short's some more sulphur, a portion of which had been administered to a grayhound, and from the effects of which it had shortly after died, and the crop and maw of a cck belonging to John Drury, a pitman, which had also died shortly after some sulphur that had been procured at Short's was given to it, were also tested. The result of Mfr. Richardson's analysis showed that arsenic had been mixed in the sulphur procured at Short's, and that the three children and the dog and cock had-also been poisoned by arsenic; the medical men had no hestation aibin the deaths of tho children to the effects of arsenic, whichhad been mixed in the brimstone. The sulphur had been taken from a paper bag by Mrs. Short which bag and sulphur had been purchased so far back as annuary, 1854, by Mr Bell, a former tenant of the shop, of Mr. Robert Forth, wholesale clhymist of North Shields. Mr. Forth had supplied Mrs. Bell with this article he was, able to trace, out of a cask of sulphur he had purchased of Messrs. Habnal and Ellis, of Manchester; but how the arsenic had got into the bagwhether at Manchester, Shields, or Camperdown, there was no evidence to show, for Mrs. Short denied ever having had arsenic upon her premises. The jury returned a verdict that the deaths of the children had been caused by misadventure, some arsenic having been mixed with flower of sulphur procured in the shop of Elizabeth Short ; but no blame was attached to her, as there was no evidence to prove that she kiiew that there had been any improper ingredients in the sulphur. BRISTOL SUGAR-3fARETn, Wednesday, May 7.-A good amount of business has been transacted since our last at full rates, and in some instances at a slight advance on recent prices. Refiners' produce moves off slowly, There is nothing doing in rum,
RAILWAY AND M 4INING SHRES. Wednesday Evening. The railway-marliet was very firm in the earlier hours of business, but a decline subsequently took place, owing to renewed sales. Belgian shares exhibited heaviness, but French descriptions were fairly supported. Indian presentedlittle alteration. Mining Eezurlt:e3 were dull, and Australian land and banking shares generally showe dweakness. Riga railway shares advanced on purchases, and left off 1I to ; pm. Lombardo-Venetian closed 61 to 7 pm.; Ottoman Bank, 4 t4 1 pm.; Bank of Egypt, i to Ai pm.; Western of London, 4i to Si dis.; London and Paris, 3. to 21 dis.; Alliance Bank, 2 to 1 dis.; and National Discount Company, i to I dis. ORDINARY SHARES A.b STOCKS.
THE MA:Ls.-LivERrOOL, May 7.-The Canadian screw steamer Canadian sailed hence for Quebec this morning, with the mails, a large cargo, and 70 passengers. CRYSTAL PALACE.-OSE SHrrlNOG DAY, Wednesday, May 7.-Admissions on payment, 862; ditto by season tickets, 124; total visitors, 986. LOND;Dox GENERAL OwsnuBIus CormPANY.-TRAoa fcE=rvs.-Week ending May 3:-8,1741. Os. 2Ad. 1Advertisement.J-WVff you dine with us to-day? The Wfe's Oawn Book of Cookery" tells what to provide and bow best to dress and lay on the tablo a dinner for two or more in any style, either cheap or costly, and adapted to any income, snall or large. This useful book contains above 1,500 original receipts for dishes that can be got up in any household. and is illustrated with 250 descriptive engravings. " 3egant Arts fox ladies" gives plamI instructions in every elegant art and graceful accomplishment. Price 3s. 6&d each. Should beIn every ladysakeePing. Beclhstein's" HandbDookofCbansber and Cage Birds " (2s. S,TreasuresIns i e ecdlework by CMern Warren and lire. Pullan lSs.&t), are the best books on their subsects. Superbly ilustrated. Ward and Lock 158, Fleet-street. JAdvertisement.]-} At the late examination for appointments to the Royal Artilery and Practical Class of the Military Academy Woolwc.nh, candidates from Dubin bore away the palmn. " The School and College Classics," published by S. J. MEachen, are those in use in the endowred and other schools in Ireland, and read in the Dubhn University and Irish colleges. Lists of the above can be had, and specimen copies sent to teachers at half tho sellingprices, by writing to S. J. Machen, 30, Great St. Helen's, London. [Advertisemoent.]-"John HLlifax, Gentleman ;" by the anuthor of "The Head of the Family," &c., in 3 vols, is now ready at all the libraries. "In 'John Halifax 'the authorhas made a considerable advance upon her previous works. The great source of interest is an improved and masterly execution employed upon more substantial matter. Ever character is consistently conceived and very truthfuly deliata(L The incidents, the scenes, the still life are, painted with a rowerthat sustains the attention of the reader."-Spectator. "The story is interesting. The attachment between John Halifax and his wife is beautifully painted, as are the pictures of their domestic life and the growing up of the children, and the conclusion of the book is beautiful and touching."-Atheneum. [Advertisement.1-" Memoirs of the Court of the Regency, from Original FamilyDocuments." By the Duke of Boeldngham andChando, KG.: complete in 2 vols., just published, "Here are two more go y volumes on the Eoglish Court-volumes full of new sayings, pictureo, anecdotes, and scenes. The Duke of Buckingham travels over nine years of English history; but what years those wvere, from l811 to 11201 Vhat events, at howue and abroad, they bore to the great bourne I-from the accession of the Regent to power to the death of George II., including the fall of P'erceval, the7invasion of Russia, and the war in Spain, the battles of Salamanca and Borodino, the fire of Moscow, the retreat of Napoleon, the conquest of Spain. the surrender of Napoleon, the wvar in America, the destruction of Washington, the return from Elba. the Congress of Vienna, the Hundred Days, the crowing carnale of Waterloo, the exile to St. Helena, the return of the Bourbons, the settlement of Europe, the piblie scandals of tho English Court, the popular discontent, and the lassacre of Peterloo ! On rany parts of this story the documents published by the Duke of BIuckingham castnew jets of light, clearing up much secret hlistory, old stories are confirmed, new traits of character are brought out-in sbort, many new and pleasant additions are mado to our knowledge o those times."-Athenaeum. Hurst and Blaekett, publishers, I3, Great Mlarlborough.street. [Advertisement.]-Whoever has learned to read possesses the key to the Temple of Knowledge, and may unlock its portals and penetrate its inmost recesses. "John Cassell's Educational Course," the first number of whichis nowv published, price lid., ad whidris to be contiued weekly, is te commeacneement of not only one of the cheapest but one of tbo most important educational series that has ever issed from the press. For exasplne, the "course" lrln commcnce with " Science Popularly Explained," in wlhich elementary informatlion on every useful branch of sciense will be included, for the small outlay of '2i., through the medium of 4,OO plain and intelligible answers, with diagrams, to 4D00 questions. London: AV. Kent, and Co, Patemoster-row, and all booksellers. LAdvertisement-Books for the Country.-Reader, have oun ever seen any of thin series If not, they are practical and useful books, published for universal circulation, in Is. volumes, or post free for 14 stamps, each comprising a complete subject, exoellently illustrated with woodetts by our best artists, and wel written by competent authors. The series now contains-" Anglig, and Where to Go," by Blakey : " Pigeons and Rabbits " " Flax and Hemp, "The Kitchen Garden" and "The Flower Garden nbyE S. Delamer; "TboPoultryYard ,"byM F, w-atts "Smal F'amns," by 'Martin Doyloe "Cage and SingIng Bhids" by iL G. Adams: "The Horse." by Youatt and Cecil: Sbooting," by IL Blakey; " Bees" by the Reo. J. G. WVood; and "The Pig," "Sheep," and " Cattle," by W. C. L. 3fartin.-London. George Routledge and Co., Farringdon-street, and SU booksellers and railway stations. [Advertisement.1-The " Sunday Times," the largest newspaper in England, contains 72 folio columns. The bestSuudasy paper foradvertisers, for general and latest infrmation. Is now or, colated Inl Sydney, Meolbourne, yFrnce. IewF Yorl, Boston, Philadelphia, throughout thoe colonies, and all the agricultural disicts in Euglend, Ireland, and Scotland. Contains latest AgricultWral Newi6 ish a Leader thereon.vfitten expressly for this Jourmal. SportingYachting-Tips from the Stables-N;ewrs of the Derby, Chester Cup, and Races-Theatrical, Police, and other intelliveoce, OL0, 1Q3, llioct-alset4 Londou.
RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. THIAkES HAVEN. A pecial meeting of this company was held vesterday at the ofces, Iloyal-Exchange-buildings, Jfr. Lowrden in the chair, to consider a bill now before Parliament authorizing she company to construct doc3s at Thames Haven, and to raise a forther sunm of money. A. long discussion ensued, in' the course of wvhich the bill wsas approved, and a p ledge was given that no expenditure on the works should he incurred without first consulting t;he shareholders at a meeting convened for the purpose. ahe meeting then separated. EASTERN OF FRANCE. MIEe annual meeting of this company took place -oa the 30th ult. at Pais, Count de Segur, the president, in the chair. The meeting having been declared duly constituted, 3L Bossange, the secretary, read the report, which stated that the board intended to ask the sharholders for full powrers to complete the prchase of the 3ulhausen and ThanQ Railway, and to apply for the concession of three other lines -viz., the extensaon of the lulhause and Thann Railway as far as Wesserling; the exeeution'of a line to run from Thionville to Sedan; and the establishment of a branch from Varenne to Brie-Comte-Robert. The board also desired to obtain from the shareholders the ratification of atreatyentered into with the Paris to Soissons Company, by which the interests of the twvo companies would be to a certain extent identified. The line from Thiionville to Sedan would be 123 Idlometres (77 miles) in length, and the expense 30,000,000f. (1,200,000!.) lhe works on the lines previously conceded -were being urgedon with all possible rapidity. The section from Nancy to Epinal would be opened to the public about the minhde of next year. The Blesme to Gray line is already opened as far as Donjeux, a distance of 55 kilometres (321 miles), and would be completed to Chaumont, 33 Idlometres (201 miles) further, at the end of the present year. As to the Paris and duihansen line, the whole distance from Paris to Langres, 330 kIlometres (206 miles), would be opened to the public on thelst ofJanuary next, as well as the section from Pelfort to Mulhausen, a distance of 47 kIdlometres (291 miles); and in six months after the whole line wouldbe comipleted. As to the working of the old networlk of the Strasbur lines the results obtained showed that the development of the traffic went on most regularly. The augmentationin the passengers' receipts was 231 per cent., and on the conveyance of goods 25 per cenf The total amount of the receipts for 1855, deduction being made of duties to the State, subventions, &c., was 39,06L,386f. (1,562,4551.), and of the expenses 15,437,043f. (617,482E.), leaving a net profit of 23,624,343f. (944,9731.). From this sum is to be deducted for interest on shares and bonds, sinking fund, and allowance to the pension fund S,215,013f. (323,6017.), leaving a balance of 15,409,330f. (616,3721.). According to article 47 of the statutes 5 per cent. of the net profit, as a reserve fund, had to be deducted, amountinm to 770,466f. (30,8181.), leaving14,638,864f. (585,554E.) to be distributed as dividend, or5Sf. 50c. per share. That sum, added to the 20f. paid in November last, brought the whole income for the year to 78f. 50c. wer share, or 151 per cent. The balance of capital in hand at the end of 1854 was 59,992,927f. (2,399,717!.). The sums received from the 1st of January to the 31st of December, 1855, from calls, interest, or other sources, amounted to 88,840,360f. (3,553,214!.), maldng the total 148,833,287f. (5,952,9311.). On the other hand, the expenses had been 119,243,027f. (4,769,721!.), so that there remained a surplu of 29,590,260!. (1,183,210!.), including 2,570,000E. (102,800!.) lodged as caution-money with the State. The saving to the company by the estabEishmnent of cok-e ovens at flrsebbach and Forbach is stated to be 3,200f. (128I.) a-day, the price being reduced from 45s. a-ton to 25s. The whole of the extra expenses on capital accouut to aCcommodate the increase of the traffic is set down at 50,000,000f. (2,000,0001.),of which the rolling stock absorbed 21,000,000f. (840,000!.), the enlargement of the stations and yards 18,000,OOf£ (720,000E.), and the coke-ovens 2,700,000£ (108,000!.) The CmunRmAN stated that, although the number of shares represented at the meeting was amply sufficient for the business of an ordinary general meeting, yet, being inadequate for the purposes of any extraordinary matters, the vote on the applications for new concessions must be postponed to another meeting convened ad hoc. Resolutions w;ere unanimously passed, adopting the report and deolaring the dividend of 58f. ;50G. per share. The meeting then separated, REPORTS OF COMMTEES ON RAILWAVk PItLS. CARBnARTInI ssND C-AMI)IGAN. Mfr. STBuTT reported from the committee on this bill that the railway was originallyauthorized inl854, and asliort deviation was authorized in 1855, but that nothing has yet been done towards the constrmction of the line. The object of the bill is to enable the company to make a deviation in 19 out of 25 miles, of which the undertaking consists. It was proved before the committee that after the company had let their worlks to a contractor the levels shown on the deposited section, with respect to the 19 miles in question, were found so inaccurate as to render the construction of the railway In conformity with the authorized section im- asible. The errors in the section were proved to have en caused entirely by the engineer formerly employed by the company, the directors themselves not being until then aware of them. The deviation proposed by the bill is thus practicaUy a new integral work. Under these circumstances the committee felt themselves justified in extending by one year the time granted for the completion of the undertaksing, and in postponnmgte that extent the time at which the deposit should eforfeitedilf the conditions of the act are not fulfilled. The length of the proposed deviation is 19 miles 29 chains, and it is to be constructed on the broad gauge of 7 feet. A single line of railway only is to be constructed at first. The line is to cross on a level six roads; and the steepest gradient on it will be 1 in 60. There is to be one tunnel 858 yards in length. The estimated cost of the new works is 1930,000!.; and the quantity of land required for the vailwayis 195 acres. 31r. Brunel was the engineer examined in support of the bill, and the committee are satisfied of the fitness in an engineering point of view of theproposed new line. ES sTER-L Coui&S . The Earl of MAOR reported from the committee that the objects of the bill were to regulate the capital and mortgage debt of the company, and to extend the term for purchasing land for the purposes of a railway which that company are already authorized to make to the river Thames at Galleons Reach. Power is taken by the bill to attach a fixed rate of dividend not exceeding 4 per cent. per annum to the debenture stock, which the company have now power to create in lieu of borrowing any sums which they are now authorized to borrow, or for the purpose of paying off their mortgage debt. The committee had examined the allegations contained in the preamble of the bill, and had struck out so much of the preamble as related to advancing money to the Niorfolkand EastensUnion Railway Companies and confirming advances already made, and to extending the time for constructing the railway to Galeons Reach, so much of the bill as related to those objects havingzbeen abandoned - they had found the same, as amended, to he true, and had gone through the bill, and made amendments thereto. The Earl of MAitcii reported from the committee on this bill that the proposed capital of the company is 80,000!., and the amount of loan 23,0001. There are 1S2 shareholders w;ho may be considered as having a local interest in the line, and the amount of capital subscribed by them is 43,308!. The number of other persons is seven, and the capital taken by them amounts to 19,300!. The length of the railway is seven mviles 72chains, andthe steepest gradient on it is one in 176. It is intended to cross six roads on the leveL. The estimated cost of the railway is77,5001., and the quantity of land required 58 acres. Mlr. G. Berkeley was the engineer examined in support of the bill. The committee were satisfied of the fitness in an engineering point of view of the proposed railway; and they amended the preamble of the bill by inserting the EBast Suffolk Railway Company as the company with whom working arrangements are to be made, and found the same, as amended, to be true. .MTn)AN-D GREAT WxrSuTTR OF IRELA6D. Lord H. VMAS reported from the committee that they had examined the allegations contained in the preamble of the bill, but the same had not been proved to their satisfaction. BILLS IN PARLIAMEN.T. STOCKTON A2D DARLnZGTON AND NEWCASTLE AED CARLIsLE U-NION. The estimated expense of making the proposed railway from the lNewcastle and Carlisle at Stocksfield station to join the Stockton and Darlinaton near Conside Ironvorks, with a branch to the Derwentiron Company, is 100,0001.; and the financial deblaration of the directors of the Stockton and Darlington Railwv.ay to Parliament sets forth that they have, out of the 400,000!. they were authorized to raise by their acts of 1854-5, a sum of 107,000!. still unexpended, and applicable to the proposed newv works. EALST OF FITE. This company in their declaration state that there remains out of the 42,0001. they were authorized to raise by their act of 1855 a sum of 6,000!. for their deviation of railway and other works. NOTrTm-WESTER1; OF IRTELuD. The estimatedexpenseof constructing this line, including the purchase of property, is 320,0001. TRAFFIC RETURRNS. Siles aePas- Mer- Tota3 Toe, allwayU. open. engers. chandis. 1856. 155. £. £ £. X. Fortnight ending March 29. Demecara - - .- . -.. 8 .. - --. i Week eadingApri 5. GrandTrnkof Canada .. 3S8.. 1,118 .. 3,E35.. 4.953 .. 3,532 Week ending April 18. Great Westem of Canada.. 283 .. 8,632.. 7,394.. 16,026 .. 11.663 Week ending April 21. Northern of France.. .. S. . - .. 36,0S2 . . 37,191 Week ending April4L4 MariaAntonia . . .. . .. .. 216 'Week ending April 26. Edinburgh and Glasgow .. 142 .5. . . , 5469 .. 5,147 Week ending April 27. *North Staffordshire .o . . - .. - .. 6,965 .. 6,426 North Devon .. .. 35 . - .. - . 342- 284 Great Northern m . .. 283 . - , - . 22,529 20,022 Caledonian .. 1 1 .. . .. - .. 11,637 .. 11,552 Week eniding April 30. Mons andMenage .. .. 21 - 90 . 718 So 50 . 3 oeek ending 3May 3. GlasgowandSouth-Western - .8 - .. 5,75 5,375 London, Brighton, & sSouth Coast . .1831 .. 9,572 . 3,461 . .13,036 .. 12,619 SEnth-Eastemn-- .. .16,417 .. 1 .80 Waterford andKilkenny 3. 1 . - - ' 327 356 Cork and Bandon .. - - 303 25 Week ending May 4* North London . 9 _ 2,057 A2. Kendal and Wmderzrfere . . - .. - . . = 174 18 Great Luxembourg ., 34 - - 516 tLondonandNOr;-Western 553} .. - .. 5 ...275 .. 87.478 London and SO'Ath,Westem - .. 19 .4568 *.15S,6C6 ..4,361 tManebester, F.Aeffield, and Lineolnsir8 .. .. 173k .. - 8. - .. S ,702 .. 6,893 * E Xdr .s,ve of traftic due under ageement n& the London and NortA-Veatemn Itaibray Com,pany 8 Fslusive of tha trafflc of the ll ddersfield-CanA, Shropshire un .ont NorthUnJion, Preston and nyre, South J ction, Manchea r rnAa Buxton, smd Iuekingl,amshih e Railway. 8 Inclu ding balf of the 31anchester, Sou&h Junctiown. anna Aatrlnr recotpts, Griisb Dock duties, l c,, u nd f eierled CUaus rt> elp
COLLECTION OF THE LATE SAMUEL EOGERS. SEVEUTH DAY'S SAI. OBJECTS OF ART -AD VRRTI. -Xlne se wasi cortinued on Monday. Among the mostF itereting lots were the foDowing :- No. 781. A marble chinmey slab, with five subjects of birds in coloured marbles. This formed part of Mr, 1lo,e,ss chimney piece in his dining room. 201. 10s. So. 800. The Portland Vase. One of the original fifty copies, made by Wedgewood. 127 gmeas. No. S06. A noble cisteen, of old japan, enamelled with. subjects of Chinese figures, and pencilLed witn flowers in gold on blue ground-24 inches diameter. 50. No. 808. A pair of beautiful tazze, of malachite, the5 handles formed of female winged figures of ormonlu, and. plinths, with chased borders-height, 114 in. 601. No. 810. A pair of exauisite small ewers, of Venetian. blue glass, mounted, with stems, lips, and handLes of ormoulu, surmounted with cherubs' heads. 30 guineas. No. 814. A beautiful vase, of silver gilt, of classic form. with a libation before an altar, a youth with inverted torch in relief, with twisted handles and frieze of vines above. Weight, 134oz. 401. No. 815. A square tazza, of silver gilt, -with doves at ths angles, onflutedstem. Weight, 139oz. 671. No. 816. Ariosto's inkistand-a beautiful copy, in silver gilt; round the rim is inscribed "Samueli Togers hoc ainicitlie Pignus W.W.B.G. 1826." Presented by Lora Grenville to Mr. Rogers. Weight, 63oz. 46!. No. 822. Addison's writing table, of mahogany, -withfolding nap and drawer, on tripod stem. 13. guineas. Iso. 825. A beautiful agate cup and cover, mounted, uitl siLver gilt, chased, and open work rims, on tripod stand and. enamelled plinth. 1101. 5s. Nlo. 826. A very fine tazza and cover of Limoges eTnmel, with Abraham offering gifts to Melchizedec beneath, boys vith arabesques inside, a feast under the cover, masks, arabesques, and gold ornaments. 321. No. 827. A fine tazza of Limoges enamel, with the assage of the Red Sea and triumph of David, festoons, masks, and arabesques. 601. No. 828. A Salt Cellar, of Limoges enamel, with classical figures, the date 1549; a female head on the top. 40.. No. 829. A very fine and rare Dyptic, of very earl - Limoges work; on each side is an ivory relief in three compartments; on the right the Annunciation, the NEativity, and the Baptism of Christ, in leaf borders;- on the left i= the Pentecost, the Ascension, and Christ meeting Mtsy and.' lslartha; on each side are four double fizures of saints in silver gilt, of Byantine character; the irgin andChild; and the Saviour above and below-size of each leaf 16G in. long by 10 wide-in a case. 251!. Bateman. XODERN SCULITUJE. No. 83L A Bust of Homer, a beautiful Italian copyfrom thc antique, on half column of porphyry scagliola, from Ampthill. A legacy from Lord Holland. 41 guineas. No. 832. A pair of crater-shaped Vases, of verde-antique, 17 inches high. 17Z. 10s. No. 833. a fine colossal Bust of Antinous, in the character of Bacchns. A modern Italian work. 57l No. 834. Cupid, by Flamnan. Seated, his right arm ox his knees. on which his head is resting. This celebrated. original statuette, by Flaxman, was executed for 2r.1Rogers; as a companion to Pysche. 115 guineas. No. 835. Pysehe by Flaxman. Kneeling on one knee, her right hand concealed in her drapery; her left hand raised to her cheek. This exquisite statuette was adopted for the monument of lMrs. Tighe, authoress of ".Pysc3ic." 185 guineas. No. 836. Roubilliac's origind bust of Pope, in terracotta' Of this beautiful -work of art, Flaxman said, "My father - found him one morning at work upon it in his studio, wheir Pope was sitting to him in his arm chair there." 137 guineas. Nlo. 837. Flamsan's Michael Angelo and Raffelle. A pair of beautiful plaster statuettes, 24 inches high, executedl for Sir Thomas Lawrence, and purchased at his sale bh Mr. Rogers. Never executed in marble. 34 guineas. The amount of the day's sale exceeded 2,000 guineas. Esonir DAY'S SATE.-TuxsDAY. DItAWNVGS. L. Van leyden-877. Portrait of the Emperor Maximi: lian, pen; 201. Rembrandt-SS0. A group of figures at a cottage door, bistre and red, coloured with brilliant effect; 101. A. Durer-887. The Emperor Maximnilian, with shields o£ arms in the border, pen; 151. 10s. German-892 The Ascension and Coronation of the Virgin, in colours; 151. 1Os. B. Cellini-93. Thirteen medallionporaits of the MedicE family, inp en; 141. 10s. L. Da Vinci-914.-The torso of a child, on blue paper,' from Sir P. Lely's collection; 207. Al lantegna-OlO. Part of a triumphal frieze, bistre; Raffaelle-948. St.JohnbaptizingChrist, a slight s-ehtcli in chalk; 31i. 10s. DRAWUnGS TP D. Raffaelle-950. The Virgin, with the infant Christ aud' St. John. An exquisite design in red chall-, pen aund ink- 1471. Raffaelle-951. "The Entombment," the dead body of Christ carried by the Disciples to the tomb; a studvof three draped figures aud three angels on the reverse. ?Te very celebrated w ork from the Crozat Collection, havin; oeen purchased by Mr. Rogers for 120 guineas. It nowrealized the large sum of 440 guineas. lRaffseiale-953. The Infant Christ and St. John, witla the head of St. Elizabeth; a beautiful design in chalk. From the Duke of Argyll's collection. 61 guineas. L x Angelo-954_ A man in' a eloak, seated, reading; black ehalc-; a noble design; 51 guineas. =INIATUES. 96L Queen Elizabeth, when young, in a rich jewelled dress ; 0. 967. A collection of miniatures in one frame, consisting of-. Petrach's Laura, the Lady Elizabeth (by Holbein (1549), Juana and Arabela of Arragon, Lord Darnley, and six others; 21 guineas. J. Fouquet-9SL. A Knight in gilt armour, attended by men at arms, kneeling, and looking up at an apparition of thle lDeity, surrounded by the Seraphim; a beautiful miniature. iSA; gDuineas. ILLIU31 A1TE]ED =1TURES 1 NAl)ED. 1,001. Seven beautiful miniatures, of Venetian Ducales, in old velvet binding; 36 guineas. 1,002. 12 illuminated borders, of the finest period of Italian art; 32 guineas. 1,005. " The Crucifixion ;" a magnificent miniature by A.: Bonfratelli, the border ornamented with arabesques and medallions; 17 guineas. 1,006. 92 exquisite arabesque illuminated borders, some of them miniatures, of the most brilliant colours and gold, on veLum. " Among the most magnificent and the richesti monuments of this period." 110 guineas. 1,007. An exquisite miniature, by A. Bonfratelli, of Christ bearing his Cross, buildings in the background, oma vellum; executed for Pope Pius IV., about 1560, 22guineas. 1,008. The Nativity- an exquisite miniature, by Bonfratelli, -with rich border of arabesques and medallions, on. gold ground, with inscription and date, 1564; 20-guineas. 1,009. "The Dead Christ,"withthedisciples at the foot of the Cross; a manificent miniature, by Bonfratelli; border of arabesques and figures of saits; 41 guineas. 1,010. "The Crucifixion." The companion, vith the Maries and St. John, enclosed in the original border, with compartments of inscriptions and sacred subjects, some. executed in gold; 401. 31ISSAIS AND DIPL03MS. 1,01L "Hore Beatn Ne.arim Virginis," with ten large and. eight small border illuminated miniatures, and arabesque borders, on vellum; bound in red velvet; 50 guineas. 1,014. A Diploma, signed by Ldovico Maria, Duke of 3ilan, dated January 28, 1494, in a magnificent arabesquel border; the armorial bearings, and two highly finished portraits of Ludov,ico and Beatriced'Este. Abeautifulapechnen. of Italian decorative art; 61 guineas. 1,015. " Offic.um Beatie hlarmX Virginiis," a beautifullly illuminated work, executed at Paris, with 13 miniatures, the borders and capitals richly and tastefully illuminated and gilt, in old French binding. Mr. RMogers consideredl this beautiful volume the work of Oderiz, the friend of. Dante, and to have belonged to Charles IL; 801. 1,016. Ducale di Giovanni Mauro, being the diploma constituting him Governor of Padua, with a beautiful miniature by Titian-St. Mark presenting Mauro to the Virgin and Child; in old Russian binding; 201.- Total amount of the eighth day's sale upwards of 2,000. NITn DAY. The sale of e-sterday consisted almost entirely of the drawings by Stothard, in Indian ink and in watercolours, among which may be mentioned- No. 1,113. Hunt the Slipper; the subject engraved in; Rogers's Poems; 25. 10s. No. 1,115. Philip de Comines reading his Memoirs beforer the Court. A-very fine work; 21. guineas: No. 1,123. A School-oral. An early work of the artist .;' 22 guineas. No. 1,24. A Mother and Child. An early work of the. artist; 20A guineas. No. 1,114. Four ladies seated, reading. Very elegant; 21A guineas. ITo. 1,153. The Interior, with a family, reading. Thik concluding illustration to " Human Life," coloured; 3( guineas. The following beautiful pictures in oil, by the same distnguished artist, were inserted in Mr. Rogers's cabinet im. his drawing-room, and realized high pces:- L A Fcte Champdtre in the Park of IHafod; 90 guineas. 2. The Princess, from Xc Arabian lfights-the companion: 8 S0uineas. 3. The 'anterbury Plgrms - 103 guineas 4. ShaL-speare's Principal &haracteras-he companion;, 102 guineas. 6. Three Ladies Gathering Flowers, in a landscape; nar.- row nt Pict 7 guineas. 6.' dies l dig, in a landscape-the comipanion 28 quineas. Ihe amount of this day's sale exceeded 1,200!. TotZa since tho oommencement, nearly 40,0001. The first portiov_ of the catalogue will be concluded on Satrday.
TO THE EDiTOB OF THE TIMES Sir,-In your report on the salo of Ifr. Rogers's pkt Cc The Strawberry Girl," by Sir Joshua Iteynolddst wag stated to have been bought by Mr. Agnew. We shall bm very much obliged if you can ind space in your journal t D state that the picture in question was bought by Sr, Mawvson, of Berners-street. With many apolog7ies for troubling you, we are, Sirg7 your faithful servants. - - - CHRISTIE A.AD MANSON. 0, .ng-sreei, ;. dames's, say t). PA'WTn.OKEnS Bni.-A bill brought iu by 1r. J. lBall, Mfr. Wilson, and Mr. Chaneclor of the Exchequer enacts that the following shall be deemed to be pawnbrokers, viz., persons keepin" a house or shop for tb& purchase or sale of goods or chattels, or for taldng in goode or chattels by way of security for money advanced thmeon, and ho shall purchase or receive or take in any goods oir chattels and pay or advance or lend thereon an'- sum not eXCeeding 10L., with or under agreement that sachI goods or attel.s may afterwards be redeemned. The 7i)enaltv on unf licensed pawnborolers (0?.) willbe tecovetablo by ium=nx in for:la atlo n ,
ME GUINEA REWARD.-LOST, this morning, ar$, between 12 and 1 o'clock. at the, corner of Green-street, PaeJnoa CRI -COLOURED FOX-EBAR}DTERRIERBITOEL A-a¶rfts to thebranmeeof 'Vic., She b apeculiarforked whitemark on tte ftaoe, white inder the throat, and a little wbite about the feet. Whoerer will briDgher to49, Park-streetk GrosTenor-square, wil receiye the sbovereawarL No fhrtberrewardwiub he offered. iWi:EDISH PROVIN(IAL MIORTGAGE LOAN for £450.0C0 sterling, negotiated in 1852 by Mesars. Palmer. Maclrilop, Dent, and Co.. and Meg-s; Charles Tottie and,Sn. Wotl e is hereby given, that in conzformility with the stiPUlationa of the contract for the said Loan. providing for the liquidatiou of the same, there were this day drawn by lot, in the presence of Charlew Totte, Z'q., Ei iSwedlah and Norwegian Maiea)tys Consul-GenerAt Mr. John Sise Venn. Public Notary, and two witnesies, the undermentioned TEN BONDS of the said Ian, amounting to the suin of £%500 sterhEng. to be PAtlD OFF atrar on the Ist f J une next:- I lloda o£ Letter A. Nos.' 2A3 259 .............. . . M each 2 Ditto - B. - 224. 396 .30 each 5 Ditto - C. - 131,13 135,I30. 515 .. 200 each I Ditto - D, - 51 .. .. .. .. 100 10 Bonds. And the undersgned do hereby inform the holders of the said Bonds that they will be prepared to pay off the same at par upon presentation at teir counting-house on that day. PALMERt MACKILLOP, DENT, and Co. U. Kinges Arms-yard. Muorgate-street. April 30.1856. QPANISH FINAsNCIAL COMMISSION in J LONhDON and PARtS.-In virtue of the authority granted by the law of the 23d of February. 1855. the Government of tier Catholic Naijcty have fixed the 31st day of the present month forthe SALE of BONDS of the THREE per CENT. CONZOLIDATED STOCIK, bearing the Coupon payable on the 31st of December, 1856, to the ansunt of capital required to obtain 200.000.000 of realem effectire. with the object of applying the said sum to the extinction of the Treasury FloatingDebt. Partieswi3hingto obtain the said Bonds must present their eropoals in writing at the Direction-Gencral of the Treasury iu nMarid efore 2 o'clock p.m. of the raid 31st of May. No propoeal for the purchase of Bonds to any amount unler ID00.CO relmes (capital) will be admitted. FL1 particulars as to the regulations established by the Government to realize the sale of the Bonds and payment of the same, the conditicos under which the proposals are to be made. atid the formsa for fillirg up can be obtained at the Spanish Financial Commission in London. GA. Tokenhouse-yrd; at that of Paris. rue Neune des Mataurins, lio. 53; and at the Spsh Consulates in Amsterdam an1 Antwerp. The President-JOSE BORRAJO. Pvans 5th of bMay. 1856. lIR Y-RLALNE.-En -ishOpera.-Immense Success xO)-THIS EVENING, Donizetti's opera LUCIA DI LAMHERXOOR. Lucia. Luc Escott; Enrico. Mlr. Du-and; Arturo, Mr. Mamvers; andEdgardo, bir.ElliotGaler. After which, the famous American artistes. Mr. and Mr. W. J. Florence, whose perforntances Iarav created oars of laughter and tumultuous applause, will appear ia tlteir new entertainment. TIHE YANKEE HOUSEKEEPER. re- Veating their stoundIng American meledies, - rolly wont yon try mae. oh1 and * Bobbing around." TH lEATRE RQYAI- AYMARKiET..THIS _lV lhG (Thuradayl. tha performnubces will commentce at? wirth 4Ith time) the new and successful comedy of TI; EVl GXNIUS. 'Totn Riptone (the Evil Genius), hf. Buckstone: Lad Iingwood. WMIM Reynolds. Atr which,the new and brilliant ballet of EL Spais dancer. Ierea Nena, writh Mlanuel Perez anda^ complete Company of SpanishCoeyphges wrill appea. With (by? desire) LEND ME Fl ESIILI.hGS. M1r. Golightiy Ibzis original chaer), Mr. B,urbatone. Concludng with A LOVER BY PllOXY. To-morrowr ~Fflic) and on Satniday, The Evil Genius: Perea Nena and her ies; GrimEahaw Baohaw. and Bradshaw; and The Postin's Knuock. -ROYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. -THIS EN NYG. and during the week, wil hbe presented Shakpeare's yof THLE WIN-TER'S TALE. Preceded by THE VICTOR XtUIEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Unique Novelty andDr matc Ettectae-The highlysuccesdul neW Adelphi draMna (as performed before Her MaWety) called Like and Unlike, every even. in: Mr. B. Webster, Mr. 'lrvight, and Madame Celeste.-Urgent Pritate Affairs at second price.-TEIS EVENLiG. the Dopular new Adeli drana called LIKE AND UNLIKE: by Mr. B. Webeter, Mr. Wright, Mr. P. Bedford, bMr. C. Selby. bladame Celeste. and bMis Wyndham. With (atsecond price) URGE hT PRIVATE AFFAIRS: Dentatua Dotts, Mr. Wright. And BEOWS YOUIR UNCLEl bIr. Richard Wigg3, 5Mr. Wright. FIIH1EATRE ROYAL, ADELPE1 (REBUILDING Ls*nd EhLBGll iG)-.-The present pro prieter, having purchased the entire freehold of this theat.re and freehold property adiotaing, intends during the ensuing summer to rebuild and enlarge the same, s as to afford more ample accommodation to the numerous patrons of popular place of amusement, and increase the means ot producie he effects for which it is so universally celebrated : to this end, and to eet in 'somne degree the consequent heavy expenditure, a limited ztnumber of DEBENSTrURES, secured on tho entire freehold, vwill be I8SSJED, bearing guaranteed interest of 5 per cent. per annum, and en. titlig each debenture holder to a transferable free admission to every perfrmane trougout ver seaon. hisbeing the only freehold theatre existing, the security and adrintage of these debentures as an Inve~tment are unapproachable. Full pariculars wrill be published in ths course of the month, writh the form of application. Jan. 1,1SS5. B. WNEBTEB. pOYAL OY31PICTHIEATRE- LaStThreeNights 1Vof STILLWATE'RS BVhDEZP. Jobn 1M.fid3y l.Mil.kfred Wi.nS; Mrs Sternhold, hlrs. Stirling. On Whit-bfonda; willb3eproduced an ew and original romantic drama of modern life in four acts rJEHEATRB ROYAL, SADLER'5-WELLS.-Mr. .LpCharles DillonD wl°nTl, for cvenightsonly, act in two pieces, linteight of hisappearancein london, Mfrs. Dillon as Madelineand Donna Violante. Mr. James Rogers and Mdlle. Bertha Classimer every evenmng. On Whiut-MIonday Mlr. Charles Dillon will makre his first vgeaance as Den C;nesr do Baa. Boxes, 3s. and 2s.; pit, 's.; LADLER's-WEL S.-English Opera. - Mr. KLHOWARD LOE respectful announces that the above TETEwill be OPEN'ED for geren nights with ENGLISH OPRTCPERFORMANCES on Monday. AMa19. Principal performers:-r. and lMt SiMS Reeves, Mfr. and adame Weiss, Mr. Murnd, Air. Leffler, bMr. Delavauti. Mis Julia Bleaden, and Hism Poole. Mr. Balfers operaof TEE BOHEMiAN GIE:L with additional new musie, for the firt time in England, composed expressly for this occsion, will be performed on the opening night. Mr. B31fe has kindly conentd toocondunct ls3 OwnU opera, it being his first appearace in England these four eses That eminent artist Mfr. Benedirt will also gTre his most valuable aid, and conduct the performance of another celebrated w ork. Conductors on other occasions, Herr Ansehuer and Mr. oward Glover. Mtusical Director, b,fr. WD. H. MIontgomery. Atng MAanaer, Mr. Greenwrood, Boxs,e 4s. and Is.; pit, 2s. gallery, IIEB 31ATES3YS THfEATRE. SubscAhoi hriptint apernigh Tisl'oniongteehve. 3s wis o ube p efopen folm 10, till 3.perf e CE 'EBEFNTI Madame Boa biadd3m Tagaico D Nemoio, Signor D Gflc, rd o Zconi; Belcore, Signor TVarioio ; and Dulaar norini, cognLonductor-31r.te Costa To contirlyune wit thaletwS diyertise-e elt entte Q1ATES HASkRAISX:bhdUes Supporte,b Boschetti Iere,u thepad ie, nd 1Le Varderi-s.otc, nWllntnrt _40Y - IANEhI G IS. OPClDUL Unerth Mnaement of hetgJ.h I Thi y avnd .Kigbuy THI -, ',-¶NG LUCIA DI 8v LlbIER saSb lcyi Eaio% ih,i Ee5 Woof blesrda Durand, Shaonrp,c ODurale,o -i ul.l ba. EI E}.I c adaAbo r firs appearaTo conclude wihHon thee fne y dearEs)R. Oent SaEturda nExt MgaDyAS S0.wilpeoerored LA CfdUes.ENTOL AGeinae, Cmbadfr ame e A nbon f. DenRameiro Siegbor Cloflcei; Donsd -tho grand Sintrne me h rio n;ligotet Ander whi a eentirel ne barll adiFertsemeote I.c EsoitE uAISooN: bComteon Misrnd, Soshetat, iaeorona, A erwhiehan ereaNens and thS Grdsri To oconcude with AF LOER B PR OXYlBE r. ROYAL R COEstA LEACREU. Under the boanagemenrt of b 2r. onCwhies ocas wI T bel- p oitti opera,teTHE LVICI. DAOAN.QAI E. Madame Bosto; Giannetta . Madam eseTaglaio; emrio S ignbo org, a.trdoniBe.Sterha SignereTapliaoT and D aeulm a Sig Ronte, c .Co enductr-mr.oseb.To conclud e with te nw d mot ettldLB ASfAPR_SCESS'Supre THA ByXd. s.Fpr TIMTRX ROYAB, ADELPHIL ProtroetomMr. Pn B. Webadter Directress. MTdh 'ie C lee ni UneS EYE IhMG, of Mess HN TNLK andsa. B. i ebuter, Wryght. P. Bedford. Selby, Garden; blesdamea Celeste, Wyndham, L. URGENoT PRIVATE As FAIeRS: MeDra. Wn ghta P. Bedforde iama llceley. Arden. &c. And EOlS YOt'G Uh-CLE? Mr oWrighl. Commence at 7. ROYAL OLYMAHIC Tl4 ATREB TIS EVENSIG. last tight but twro of STILL WATERS RU Di:EaP(a3 performed before the Queen stWindsor C3;,tle). blildmay, Xr. Alfed Wigan: Mrs. Sternhold. Mra.Stirling. Axd CATCHIN A AlERbfArD. Titua Tnfflns, bSr. P. Robson. THETRE ROYA1s SADLR'S-WELSl. Under the bManagement of bMr. George Alfred tnebster IEVEN`THG BELPE EGOR, THE E LOUNTEBAUS . elhegorMr.bf. Charle Dillon; h sadesn% Reyn. DHon s wanfaronade . James Rogersc Pa eazourka eaUet: by thdee. Earih a Cnsimer To coucaude with THE WithDEL. Don FeBx. bSr. Charles DMon lriXlntcbxr.NsCharlesDillon Commenceat7. ROYAL SPIRREY THEATRE. 3nrt S. THORNf M BCNEFIT. THIS EVENINGw THE LADY OF LYOTNS: VT esOrs.CreswickS Calvert. and Vohaire; ifaipa Sorfh Thorne. THE WATE. te T CTWOF OLTS. PeterPolt. r. e.Widdcomb. STHERS ROYAL A DPHLTHEATR Lessee andfB fWnager Dier.William Cooke. THLIS EVENING.itlIastKeek) thegrandspectMcle of3fAZEPPA riD TE. P.BeLD f ORSE: supporded by premier artistes. S,acred bE a splendid selection of Scenes in the Circle. To conciude with ENGLe.NAD'S HARcAEST HOM'E ORD NATIOCNELM SEEPLECEEASM TO CORRESPONDENTS. TIur readers are requested to observe that thW ArleR of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that . id. as the price of a copy i.th the imrl reiA ed stamp U effi ted. Under the amenrGed regeulations of the TPoHISoffice (No. 60) Th Eies is transmissible bT po st to British coloa les anld foreign countries withoud an imt Wessed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous corammulcatlons. 'Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. F Thae Dublcation of TiIE Tesea commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morning, and finished at half-pat 10.
LONDOXY, THURSDAY, MrA Y 8, 1856. In tie Hiouse of Commons yesterday, Mr. R. PumLTntosu, in moving the second reading of the Tithe Commutation Rent-charge Bil, explained the manner in which the practical working of the present system of rating to the poor operated to the detriment of the tithe-owner. The intention of the Tithe Commutation Act, wlich gave an unimprovable hereditament to the parochial clergy, he observed, was not to make any differenice in the mode of assessment to the disadvantage of the owner of the rent-charge; but subsequent acts and decisions, and the ememption of stock-in-trade, he contended, had thrown peculiar burdens uipon the parochial clergy, which were eating up the profits of small livings. The object of this bill was, he said, to remedy this practice of disregarding the interests of the titheowners, and to provide that the asseasment, now made upon the full value of the rent-charge, should be made in respect to that, as well as other aSsessable property, upon the net alnnual value, by allowing certain deductions fron tlle amount of the coinmstedrent-charge, in6order to adjust the balance. The motion was seconded by Lord A. HE1RVEY, who urged strongly the injustice inflicted by the unequal operation of the existing law upon the clergy. 31r. BOUVMIE admitted the grievance; that practically at this time the working of the system. of assessment to the poor-rate resulted in an inequality, and therefore an injustice. He denied that the Paroehial Asssesment Act introduced any new principle, or any other than that recognized by courts of lawr, as to the amount upon which the assessment should be made. The grievance, however, applied to only a small portion of the commuted rentcharge, and several of the charges which the bill proposed to deduct were now allowed, while the allowance of the others would afford no practical remedy. Acknowledging, therefore, the grievance, which he believed might be remedied, he insisted that the provisions of the bill would not afford an appropriate remedy, while they were not consistent with sound principles. If the assessment upon the rent-charge was unjust in relation to other property, thetithe-owner had the right of appeal. He should not, however, he said, object to the second reading of the bill. Sir J. PAKNGITON contended that the views of MIr. BouvERIE upon this subject were opposed to those whiich the CH}ANCELX,OR of the EXCHEQUER had put upon record, and that he had failed to answer the arguments in support of the bill. He defended the measure upon the ground of justice to the clergy, who were, he argued, not brought within the principle of the Parochial Assessment Act, but were assessed upon a principle different from that applied to other proprietors, and practically were without remedy against unequal assessment. MIr. HENLEY observed that it had been admitted on all hands that there was an inequality in the taxation which constituted a grievance suffered by one portion of the payers of poor-rate; but he did not think the bill provided an adequate remedy, and he pointed out various instances in which, he contended, its provisions would be iineffectual, and would not afford the right remedy. He did not resist the second reading of the bill. Sir W. HEATHCOTE spoke in favour of the principle of the bill, though its details, he said, required consideration. The CHA?NcELLoR of the Ex;cHEQWuR acknowledged that the tithe-owner laboured under a grievance; that there was a double motive for under-assessing other property, under the operation of which the owners of rent-charge were considerable sufferers; but he insisted, with Mr. Hn-,EY, that the remedies proposed in the bill did not meet the grievance, to which, he admitted, the Hiouse ought to apply its mind. Mlr. GinDsToNE pressed upon the House that, the admission of the grievance being so universal and emphatic, itwould notbe creditable to theHouse if small difficulties of dletail induced it to forego an attempt to remedy that grievance. The questions raised by the bill, however, demanded much practical knowledge, and he submitted the expediency of referringr the bill to a Select Committee, for the purpose of carefully considering the various remedies. After some observations by Mr. HADFID wIhi. WiGRA3J thought this was a question to which the Government ought to apply its attention and say what was the proper remedy for an admitted and a crying grievance, and not leave it in the hands of a private member. A few remarks having been made by Sir H. WmLoUGHiY and Mr. NAmIER, the billwas read a second time, and, on the motion of Mr. R. PHILLDIoRE, was ordered to be referred to a Select Committee. MVlr. DiLwYN moved the second reading of the Agfgravated Assaults Bill. He contended that the present mode of punishing this class of offences was not calculated to reform the offenders, or effect the proper end of punishment,-namely, the prevention of crime. He proposed that the term of imprisonment should be shortened, and that male offenders might be once privately whipped,-a mode of punishment which, he believed, would deter from the offence by adding the sense of shame to that of fear. He anticipated and replied to objections to this species of punishment. Sir G. GREy said, notwithstanding the great and just desire that offences of this kind should be checked by the strong arm of the law, he considered the specific change proposed by MIr. DiLLwyw ine-xpedient. Mr. D=w-rWE had assumed, without demonstrating, that the present law was inadequate for the attainment of its object; whereas he (Sir GEORGE) believed that it had been beneficial. He had assumed also that the punishment of flogging, which it was proposed to inflict in all cases, would send an offender home a reformed man, which was at least problematical. The bill was likewise opposed by Mr. PACKE, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. BARRow, CaDtain SconELL, MIr. MuHrz, Sir S. NoRTHicorE, and Mr. S. WORTLEY; it was supported by MIr. W mIsTREA , Mr. BENTnwx, and Lord R. CEcr. -Upon a division, the second reading was negatived by 135 to 97; so thebill is lost. The other orders having been disposed of, the House adjourned at a quarter to 6 o'clock.
It was natural that the civic authorities should inaugurate the return of peace by inviting the Ministers by whose exertions the peace has mainly been brought about to partake of the splendid hospitalities of the MIansion-house. The city banquet has, time out of mind, been the crown and seal of our great military and political achievements, and last night the custom was well sustained. On such occasions it would be idle to dwell upon the splendour of the pageant or the perfection of the festive arrangements. The gLests do not look merely for a feast; they are there rather in compliment to those distinguished persons in whose honour the feast has been given, and that they themselves may have the gratification of hearing the addresses of the statesmen or warriors who by their policy or by their valour have carried the country through a period of difficulty. The banquet of last night may be considered as having been especially given in honour of Lord PALMER.SToN and Lord CL&AsNDoN, and certainly those statesmen have well deserved the compliment. There was a time when things which seem easy enough of accomplishment now that they are accomplished wore a very different appearance. If we would test the value of Lords PALwausToN and CLARENDON as directors of the foreign policy of England, we need but to compare their conduct throughout this Russian war with that of the other statesmen who in turn retired from responsibilities for which they felt themselves unfit. Nothing could be more graceful or modest than the manner in which Lord PxA15usroSN spoke last night of his share in the eventful drama. The success which has been finally achieved he attributed to the hearty co-operation which the Government hai met with from the country. Supplies of men and money were voted ungrudgingly; no factious opposition was offered to the measures of the Government. *Whatever of reprehension, indeed, has been bestowed upon any of the successive Ministers who have administered our affairs since the outbreak of this war has been not that they have done too much, but too little. The people asked for more extensive operations and more vigorous leaders by sea and by land-not for ill-timed economy and a hesitating war. L;ord PAMIERSTON last night did the British nation but justice when he said that, in the main, it was by their public spirit the war had been brought to a successful issue. That spirit has held out to the last. It was, no doubt, very principally becauise our late enemy perceived that the English nation was prepared to put forth its whole strengtlh, which had not in any degree been impaired by the first two campaigns, that peace was obtained on such satisfactory terms. We mean, of course, no disrespect to our gallant allies when we say that to England the announcement of peace was less welcome than to any other of the belligerent Powers. It has been necessary to reason with the English people and to convince them by oft-repeated arg-ament that by the Treaty all the substantial motives for which we had gene to war were satisfied. Even then it was only possible at first to wring from them a reluctant assent. Witlh refleetion came some change of feeling, but still Lord PALMERSTON was right in saying that to the warlike spirit of the country, which had been fairly I roused, he and his colleagues owed a large share of their success. Of these statesmen, on tho other hand, it is but justice to say that they directed this spirit aright, and have brought the hostilities in which we were engaged to a happy issue. The address of Lord CLARnNDON to the guests at the Mansion-house was equally graceful with that of the First M1inister. There is, of course, a certain difficulty even for a man more trained to oratory than Lord CLARENDON, who has had occasion to speak half-a-dozen set speeches upon a particular subject, to find anything new to say about it. Lord CLAXENDoN, however, found general assent when he urged the strong probability that the policy of Russia has undergone a fundamental change. The Emperor ALEXANDER inherited strife, and he has already contrived to cast from him the fatal legacy. Let Russia once be involved in commerce and in the peaceful development of her vast resources, and it will not be so easy a task to tear her population from the soil at any moment and cast them for slaughter on the battlefield. Follow-ing up this argument, Lord CAR.A DON took occasion to read to the guests at the Mansion-house a letter which he had received a few hours before from General W=Aws. That gallant soldier, it appears, speaks in the highest terms of the treatment he has met with from General MOuLRAVIEFF. This, however, General Wriz.sAis writes, might have been expected as far as he himself was concerned; but he notices with peculiar expressions of comTnendation the extreme humanity and conxsideration displayed by the Russian General to all the soldiers whom the fate of Kars had left at his disposal. When we say that in addition to the topics upon which we have lightly touched Lord CLARENDON paid some hearty and well-deserved compliments to the gallantry and heroism of olur French and Sardinian allies-not forgetting our late enemies, the defenders of Sebastopol-we have exhausted the chief subjects of a graceful after-dinner speeclh. The French Ambassador and the Turkish Minister expressed the satisfaction of our principal allies amid the cheers of the representatives of every class in our social system, and thus was appropriately celebrated a civic festival, to which, however often repeated, we trust an unbroken and prosperous peace will long refuse the significance which belonged to the occasion of yesterday.
There is no point on which men differ more than in the rules on which they estimate the existing i state of affairs. People of a sanguine or visionary i temperament will always be thinking how much better things might have been, had such or such a course been adopted. In fact, they compare the actual with the conceived, a reality with hopes, a mean with an extreme. Common sense, aided by experience, continually confines these comparisons within very narrow limits, and bids us at any given moment to reckon, as nearly as we can, how we should have stood at this precise juncture had we acted otherwise than we have. "Just about this time," a traveller i may say to himself, as he sees from 'hs win- I dow the storm raging outside, and lQoks at the clock, " I should probably have been in the "middle of the moor, five miles from shel"ter." If we are asked, then, what reason we have for rejoicing, and whether we are not going to give a general holyday upon false I pretences, we beg to suggest that the comparison of our present state should not be made with all the splendid visions that have presented themselves to enthusiastic politicians. It is conceivable-nay, it is actually demanded, that Russia should have been reduced to disgorge half a century's acquisitions, European and Asiatic ; that she should have bound herself not to maintain a fort, or a dock, or a ship-of-war, either in the Euxine or vithin reach of it; that her position on the Baltic should have been subjected to a similar, if not quite equal, revision. I Others have added that she should be made to pay the expense of the war; while others, findingRussia herself hardly large enough for the demands of a just retribution, wished to improve the occa#ion by dismembering Austria, putting an end (generally| to despotic institutions, and reviving, Poland. Others, again, held every arrangement inc'bnplete that did not wind up the Turkish empire itself in some way conducive to the interests of Christianity and the British empire. All these objects, be they ever so desirable, and ever so just, are only imaginations. Had the Western Powers devotedc themselves to the attainment of these objects with the zeal of Crusaders,-had they agreed to stint every institution, to stop every improve- I mont, to starve every household, for any number of years, till these things were done, it is quite possible that we might have effected the political annihilation of Russia, and established on it3 borders all kinds of nationalities, ancient tribes, and modern adventurers. But, we repeat, this agreeable result of 20 years' misery is not the alternativo with which the comparison is to be made. All we have now to conside: is, where we should have been, and what we should have been doing, had we rejected the offers of Russia, or had Lord CLAXENDON and the British Government taken so high and impracticable a ground as to break up the Congress, and plunge us again into war. Just about this time we should have received from the Crimea the comforting assurance that a plan of operations had been agreed upon, andthat the four armies were ready to advance into the interior as soon as a sufficient supply of animals, of carts, of ambulances, of proper tents, and a good many other requisites, had arrived, and had been placed in proper hands. Eventually, we have no doubt, they would have marched without all that they were waiting for, and would have done something more or less creditable ; but that would have been their position at this moment, -disappointing for the present, and full of uncertainty as to the result. An immense fleet would have been hovering about, ready and anxious to co-operate, but with very slight expectation of doing so. If we are to believe the construction MIr. SIDNEY HERBERT puts on the later operations of the alies, the French would still have been doing their best to confine the war within a manageable compass, and to prevent our immense force from opening any new ground in Asia or elsewhere. Russia would have been concentrating her forces from all parts of the empire on the Crimea, without let or hindrance, and without any alarm from Austria on the South.west, that Power being too much disgusted at our obstinacy to make any opposition. Such, at least, according to Mr. SIDNEY HERBERT, was the result of our breaking from the Vienna Conferences last year. MOURAVIEFF *vould have been already on the march from Kar3 to Erzeroum, and all the four Governments, all the four Commanders-in-Chief, and all the Ambassadors would have been corresponding withl one another on the I preliminary question whether it was worth while to oppose him. Reinforcements and su1pplie3s would have been pouring to the East; th3in French Government would have been making up its mind as to the necessity of demanding a subsidy from our own more ready Exchequer. the distressed and therefore " dangerous' classes would have been on the increase in both countries, the Fusiolnists and all ;inds of," iste' would.have been on the move, and every day would have 1 imported new and graver elements into the war, In the North our fleetwould have been just entering the Baltic, and our naval authorities would justhave been discovering some important onissions seriously affecting our prospects of success, for this year at least. There would, of course, have been the usual number of episodes, of an accidental, or annoying, or disgraceful, or heroic character; shipwrecks, conflagrations, epidemics, explosions, mistakes, countermands, telegraphic eccentricities, councils of war coming to nothing, surprises from the enemy, abortive expeditions, barren successes, and the like. At least about this time every day would have brought us some novelty of this sort, and by the end of Mlay we should have had some reason to suspect that, in spite of immense preparation, good understanding, and the finest armies and fleets in the world, it was quite possible the third year of the war would be exceedingly like the first two. No doubt, there would have been some redeeming features in this state of things. Those young gentlemen who got their commissions with such unwonted facility last year would have been reckoning upon gatting their companies before long; the prices of agricultural produce and shipping would have been maintained; contractors would have been busy, as well as the inventors of destructive engines; and we presume somebody or other would have gained by Consols being down to 85. As we are only comparing the actual state of things with that we should have had in the case of our rejecting the five preliminaries accepted at Vienna, or failing to conclude a treaty upon them, we exclude the question of ultimate success, which, as long as a war lasts, always remains a question. What, then, is the actual state of things ? In the first place it is Peace, and, we maintain, with Lord PAimtsTaO, a satisfactory;-houourable, and secure Peace. Our fleets and atrmiesaare returning; carnage, epidemics, and all'the other horrors of war are no more for the present ; all the armies of Europe are in process of reduction; trade and commerce are reviving, and England is about to transfer its huge war expenditure to far better purposes. But for the Treaty itself. To take the " points" in their original order, the Principalities are whQlly delivered from Russian encroachment, and are to be evacuated forthwith by Austria, that they may decide themselves on their own political institutions under Turkish sovereignty. The Danube is entirely e-xtricated from Russian influence, made a highway of nations, and placed under the same regulations as otner European rivers passing through different States. The Russian is made to retire from its banks, a European commission inmeediately arranges the clearing of its channel, the entrance of which is to be guarded forthwith by the vessels of the principal Powers. Tho Black Sea is opened to the commerce of all nations; and, ihough there are statesmen who regret that it is not opened to our fleets, and that Russia and Turkey are not permitted to make it the arena of perpetual defiance, we cannot ourselves deplore 1 hat there should be at least one pacatun mare in the world. It is true we have not exacted from Russia that she will not maintain a fort on its coasts, any more than we have demanded from Turkey the destruction of Varna, Batoum, Trobizonde, and Sinope. It is true that we let Russia keep her docks at Nicholaieff and Cherson, as Turkey has hers at Constantinople. It is also true that we trust somewhat to the honour of Russia, inasmuch as by the letter of the Treaty she could still maintain any number of gunboats in the Sea of Azoff and the rivers and " limans" of the Euxine; but Turkey also has the Sea of Marmora, and many coasts and waters within short distance, where she not only may, but must, have some species of naval force. It is true the Treaty does not prevent the invasion of Turkey by the Caucasus, but no Treaty could, and certainly the destruction of Anapa and the other forts on the east coast would make no difference in that respect. But Russia is not better able to master the independent tribes of the Caucasus now than she was three years ago. We have not raised any new barrier against Russia in that quarter, but to do so would be impossible under any treaty, for the impossibility consists not more in the nature of the country than in the rugged and impracticable character of its inhabitants, who have certainly no claim to our support. We have obtained from Turkey the political equality of her subjects without a sacrifice of her independence, for, if we have not a right by treaty to revise every judgment and every act where a Christian is concerned, we have nevertheless the common rig,ht of European States to require from Turkey, now "one of us," the execution of the liberal policy she has avowed. We have not given her five masters in exchange for one, but -we jlace her under the same moral influences as ourselves. In the North we have associated Sweden with the Western Powers, abolished a standing menace within sight of her shores, andi stopped the encroachments of Russia round the North Cape itself. These actual results will stand comparison with the state of things three years ago, or one year ago, or with that we should have had at the cost of a prolonged war. We still trust Russia, and should be sorry not to do so. WVe sti'l hope to have Russia our friend. We believe the Peace to be as much for her advantage as for that of Europe in general; but we do not -think it the less a matter for congratulation and rejoicing.
The debate of Tuesday nfght, and more especially the speeches of Mr. WMSTEIDE and Mr. GiaDSTONE, threw a good deal more light upon the question of the Belgian press than was to be gained by a mere perusal of the Protocols. It may therefore be convenient to re-state the question as it stands at present, and to explain more clearly the error into which Lord CLArnENDow has been led in dealing with the rights and liberties of the only constitutional kingdom in ELurope, except Piedmont and ourselves. From the 22d Protocol it appears that Count WALEWsKI thought fit to interpolate into the discussion of European affairs a bitter and vehement complaint against the free press of Belgium, and intimated that, though France was unwilling to use that language of menace always so unbecoming from the strong to the weak, and had no complaint to make against the Belgian Government, yet she might find herself compelled to give a lesson to Belgium-that is, to the nation, as opposed to the Government,-on the abuse of its liberty. Count WAiuwsKI further said that the Belgian Government was not armed with sufficient powers for the repression of these evils, and he pointed out as an illustration of them the publication of pamphlets urging the assassination of the Emperor of the FRENCH and the existence of secret societies. These assertions were greedily caug,ht up and re-echoed by the representatives of Austria and Prussia, while it is to the credit of- Count ORLoFF that he observed a dignified silence, aud forebore to mix up his Imperial master in the ignoble attempt to bully and overawe a Government whicl holds its rights by the guarantee of Europe, and has used them in a manner to extort the admiration of all those who have watched its worldng without allowing their minds to be distracted by the agency of passion or of fear. The statements of Count WvALEwsKI remained totally inchallenged, though now shown to be in ahlost every respect incorrect, and he stated, in summing up the results of the Conference, tllat " nal the Plenipoteitiaries, and even "c those who considered themselves bound to reserre " the principle of the liberty of the press, have "not hesitated loudly to condemn the excesses in "which the Belgian newspapers indulge with so "much impunity, by recogniz-ng the necessity of "remedying the real inconvenience which results "from the uncontrolled license which is so greatly "abused in Belgium." To this conclusion the signature of Lord C AENDoN is unfortunately appended. True, that when called upon for his opinion our Plenipotentiary maintained, as might be expected from him, the doctrine of the liberty of the press; but it is unhappily also true that he affixed his signature to a document full of the greatest inaccuracies, and involving a principle which we are convinced Lord CLARENDo-s more deliberate judgment must and will repudiate. So far from its being true, as asserted by Count WAnxwsxi and signed by Lord CLA=NmDoN, that there exists in Belgium an uncontrolled license of printing libels on foreign Governments, the very reverse is the case. As shown by Mr. GAnDsToNE, any culpable attack on the authority of the Sovereigns or chiefs of foreign Governments is punished byimprisonment from two to three years, and by a fine of from loof. to 2,000f. Such a law appears to us very different from uncontrolled license. Nor is this all. The foreign Government so aspersedis not obliged, as in England, to institute proceedings in its own name, but may make a confidential communication to the Belgian Government, which will then itself undertalke the prosecution. Here, then, is the law, and here are the means for putting it in forcelaw to curb the license, and power to the injured G6vernment to take means, which cannot fail, of putting it in force. Nothing, indeed, is wanting except that the accused person should be convicted without trial,-a degree of control which even the would-be resuscitators of the Holy Alliance can hardly venture in the face of Europe to claim. But Belgium does still more to preserve the Emperor of the FRENCH from any annoyance at the hands of residents within her dominions. There is a treaty of extradition between France and Belgium, not limited, like our own, to ordinary criminals, but extended to political offenders; so that upon the commission of any outrage the French Government has nothing to do but to mark out the object of its vengeance, and the Belgian Govermment is bound to surrender its guest to its offended neighbour. Besides this the Belgian alien law is exceedingly severe. Numerous applicants for the hospitality of the State are sternly rejected, and those who are admitted are subjected at the hands of the Police to a strict and even vexatious surveillance. With what justice, then, can the Congress of Paris recognize the necessity of remedying the uncontrolled license of the Belgian press by such means as strong States can employ against weak ones? W%Ve are far from imputing to Lord CLAnENDON that he kneew the lawr wvhich regulated the Belgian press and Belgian Government. He went to Paris with other views,-to settle the relations between the East and the West rather than to mix himself up in disputes between France and Belgium ; his own task he has most ably accomplished, but it must ever be a matter of sincere regret that, even partially informed as he was, he should have been induced to affix his hand to such a document, involving, as it does, the principle of interference with the private affairs of a friendly State, which have hitherto been conducted with so much prudence, moderation, and success. Something also we would urge with all respect on the Ministers and advisers of our great ally. WVe have just concluded together a glorious enterprise, and are more than ever before disposed to convert our alliance into a durable friendship. How unfortunate that in the very moment of success a Sovereign whose boast and glory it is that Ile is the elected of 8,000,000 citizens should force upon our notice those fundamental differences which unhappily distinguish his Government from our own! Were it not better to have passed over in silence and contempt the miserable half solb brochure of some obscure and threadbare incendiary than to have raised a question so full of difficulty and danger .as the forcible suppression of a free press in a free country? The Emperor NA?oiEOw knows the English nation well, and must be perfectly aware that, should the opinion once take root that we are being dragged by our foreign alliances into a course of reactionary polcy, it would neither be in the power of any Government of any conviction or interest, nor of the press itself, to prevent a lamentable and irreparable disunion. We rejoice to see that the French Government has adopted as yet no means for carrying out the decision of the Congress. We hope that these impradent expressions may, though unfortunately so solemnly recorded, fall without effect to the ground, and that an allance which has survived so many storms may not be endangered by a few idle words spoken on an occasion to which they were entirely irrelevant.
THE CAwADIA?i PA RtxAN:EN.-On the 17th ult. the permanent seat of Government was fixed at Quebec. LI3ERTY OF THE PIRSS.-By a typograDhical error certain aniniadversions of MIr. Sidney Herbert on the propensity of the British press to discuss foreign questions were attributed to Mr. Gladstone in one of our leading articles yesterday. In justice to YMr. Gladstone we may add that nothing could be stronger than the language in which lie denounced any interference with the liberties of the press in Belgium. We have great pleasure in announcing the determination of the citizens of MIanchester to form in that city in 1857 a grand collection of the " Art Treasures"' of the united kingdom. A deputation, consisting of the High Sheriff of Lancashire, the Mayors of Manchester and Salford, Sir John Potter, Mr. Bailey, Mr. Thomas Fairbairn, and the Townclerk of Manchester, had yesterday an interview with his Royal Highness Prince Albert, to submit the project for the approval and patronage of Her Mfajesty and the Prince. A guarantee fund of 60,0001., subscribed in a very few days, is a sufficient earnest of an intention to carry out the Exhibition on such a scale as will give it a national importance and insure the co-operation and good wishes of all possessors of meritorious works of art throughout the kingdom. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledcges the receipt of a 51.-note (1- 32,979), for unpaid Property-tax on foreign stock, from " G. R." Also, the receipt of bank-notes for 701. for income-tax from " C. B. A." WELnVNGON CoLLEGE.-We are authorized to state that Monday, the 2d of June, has been definitively fixed by command of Her Majesty for the ceremony of layiug the first stone of the Wellington College, and for the subsequent military reviev, which w-ere to have taken place on the 3d inst., and that the prOgramme of the ceremony will, in all its principal points, he the same as that which has already been Published. Rov~n MsnI-C iCmic.-Her MIajesty the Queen and the Prince have made the muniiicent donation of 1001. in aid of the funds of the Model Establishment of Baths and Washhouqes in Goulston-square, Whitechapel, the high price of coals during the lat two years havingraised the expenses of that most useful establisbment above its income. AssoCiAoN a- AiD or T DEAF AmD Du:ra.- A meeting of this association was held yesterday at the Freemasons'Tavern. Lord Robert Grosvenor, M.P., who was in the chair, in opening the proceedings traced the history of the association, caled the attention of the meeting to the sufferings of the deaf and dumb, and commended the benevolence of those who aided them. Mr. C. B. Harl. the honorary secretary, read the report, which e.xplained the objects of the association, which are to provido employment for the deaf and dumb ;to seek-out cases of destitution and sickne s among them, for the purpose of relief; and to afford them religious and moral instructionm, 5is excellent association seems to be but little appreciatel by the public, its debts being 621. 3s. ld. and its expenditure, from the 1st of April, 1855, to the 30th of April lst, having exceeded its income by Ul. 14s. 9d. The report was adopted. It seems tl.at there ore 1.2,553 deaf and dumb persons in the united kingdom, of whom 1.325 are in London.
AMEICA. (BY ZrCMIC A-ND INRl=oNL TxLXp.ApH.) IaVERPOOI, WEDN ATJY EVzNiNG. The United Sta' mail steamer Arabia has arrived with advices from New York to the 26th ult. She has brought $30,268 specie on freight. The Arago, from Southampton, arrived at New York, on the 23d ult.; the Arabia, hence, at Boston on the 25th ult.; the French steamer Alma, froma Havre, arived at Now York on the 24th ult. In the Senate the $3,000,000 Armament Bill had been twice brought up, and its further consideration was postponed. On the 24th ult. a resolution was adopted, calling on the Secretary of State for information relative to the extent to which the transportation of labourers is now being carried on from the continent of Asia or any Asiatic islands to America, with other par. ticulars relative to the t-affic. On the following day a resolution was agreed to, instructing the committee on judiciary matters to inquire into the expediency of repealing the act of June 3, amending the naturalization laws of 1813. In the House of Representatives nothing of importance had transpired. It was generally beleved in Washington that there would be no alteration of the tariff during the present se3sion of Congress. A letter from Washington, dated April 21, states that Mr. Dallas had written from England to a friend in Pennsylvania, saying that he does not think it advisable to allow the use of his name as a cancdidate for the Presidency now that State has expressed in an almost unanimous voice its preference for Mr. Buchanan. Mr. Buchanaun had arrived at Phiiadelphia, where he was welcomed by the firing of a salute, and greeted with enthussiastic cheers from an immense crowd that had assembled to receive him. At Washington preparations were making for a grand demonstration in his favour. We learn from Toronto that the Hon. :Ur. Ross has resigned his seat in the Canadian Cabinet, on the ground that the Mfinistry had lost the confidence of. the Liberals. Steamers commencedlrunningbetween Quebec and Iontreal on the 25th of ApriL We have later accounts from the West Indies. At Bermuda, on the 15th of April, the crews of Eer Majesty's ships Argus and Medea were reported free from sickness. At Trinidad the weather continued very dry, and sugar-making was proceeding very favourably; but i many cases the canes were said not to be yielding well Governor Elliot was recovering from the serious attack of bilious fever under which he had been suffering, and, to promote convalescence, was staying at an island in the Gulf. Havannah advices of the 18th ult. contain no news of importance. Her Majesty's ship Powerful was the only vessel of war in that port. Advices from San Juan of the 16th ult. comfirm the defeat of Colonel Schlessinger. He had been tried by court-martial on charges of treason and cowardice. Another battle was reported to have taken place at Arcopaca between a small force of Walker's and 200 Costa Ricans, in which the latter were said to be defeated, with a loss of 30 killed. It was also reported that Walk-er had 700 men marching to meet the Costa Ricans. A letter from Tamnpico states that 400 troops would leave that city on the 1Ith of ADril for MIatamoras. A British brig of war left Tanipico on the 10th for Havanna. Accounts from Curcaoa to the 4th of April report that a large portion of the Dutch West India fleet had arrived from Venezuaela. Mr. Bingham, English Minister residing at Caraccas, was about to attempt a settlement of the Aves Islands difficulty, existing between the Dutch and Venezuelan Governments. The commercial advices from New York report that an active demand for money prevailed, which was readily met, with dealers at 7 to 9 per cent. The stock-market firm during the week, and closed buoyant, State stocks and bonds being in good request for permanent investment. Sterling exchange closed firm at 9& to 9; bills on Paris were quoted at 6f. 17lc. to 51. 16 c. 'The demand for cotton continued active, but prices remained without change. The advices from the south were considered favourable; in flour a decline of 37j cents had been, established, in consequenceof the depressing nature of the European advices; wheat had also declined 5c., with a limited demand. Prices forprovisions were steady. The market for Scotch pigiron was unsettled, and lower prices had been accepted. English -sheet-iron was firmer. Freights continued dull, and to Great Britain lower rates had been accepted in some instances ; the offerings in all directions were light, and the supply of tonnage was mcreasing. At New Orleans on the 24th ult. the Arabia's news was received. Middling cotton was quoted at 111 cents, with a firm market. Freights to Liverpool dull, at 9-32d. for cotton.
BRITISH ORPHAN AS7YLU, CLAPHA-BISE. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIIES. Sir,-From the report of the proceedin:gs at the Southwark Police Court it would appear that a person named William HobsonAubert has been representing himself as a medical officer of the British Orphan Asylum ; and as thia statement, if unoontradicted, might bevery injurious to our old-established and valuablo institution, I am desired by the directors without delay to inform you that no person of that name is in any -%zy connected with the asylum, that the medical offlicers are all gcntlemen of eminence in their profession and of the highest character, and are never reqcuested by the directors to visit candidates at their own residences. Begging the favour of an early insertion of this letter, I remain. Sir. vour obedient sen-ant. ALFRED IACIKENZIE. City Offices, 12, Walbroak, M&y3. Semreta-Y.
THE MAIms.-SouTAatoN, May 7.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's stems1i Tag, Cap tain J. Weeks, sailed this afternoon with te mails for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibralthr, 22 paa'ergers (amnong whom is Dr. Atndrews), 1,720W. in specie, and a full cargo of general merchandise. The Royal thtI Company's steamship Tay will sail on Friday next with the Bra7ilin and River l'late mails. The Umnited States' anil steamer Fulton, Captain Wotton, will sail this evening from Havre and Southampton, for New York, with the French and Englishmails, about 150 pssengers, aand a full cargo of French and English merchandiset 33EPORTS ON NOBAL F:ux ScHooIs.-iFroml areportemanatingfromthe Rev. F. C. Coolc, HerMajesty's Inspector of Schools, it appears thatthenormal training schools (of the Church of ngland) for schoolnis. tresses were last year in a tolerably satisfactory state. The course of instruction includes Holy Scripture, the catechism and liturgy, arithmetic, school management, domestic economy, geography, grammar, history, music, and drawing. The reat of the examination in the Bible was very satisfactory, several of the answers having displayed so accurate a knowledge of the t-ext, and having been expressed in language so correct and rercrential in tone, as to reflect the highest credit on their instructors. Not one candidate, itis ratifyin- to report, was branded for imperfect or bad needle=work. he papers on the catechism and liturgy were less satisfactory than those on the Bible, possibly from the dryness and technical character of the subjects. The papers on schoolmanagement were very unsatisfactory, apparently owing to inefficientinstruction in this branch of study. A considerable falling-off is reported in grammar, a deficiency noticed with much regret,-and with reason, as rather disgraceful to the parties concerned, and less excusable, perhaps, than even ignorance of the Scriptures. The eviL however, appears to lie mainly in the system of instruction, as the teachers themselves appear to be hopelessly at issue as to the system of parsing words and analyzing sentences. *bis great evil, Mr. Cook remarks, calls for a remedy, sucrt as the general adoption of some one granmmar as a text-book. Mifr. Cook infers from his premises that it is desirable that the namberof Queen's scholars shonldbeincreased,andherecoimends that a certainnumberofsuchscholarshismineachtrain. ingschool should be opened to public competition. The pay - ment for the Queen's scholars actnalyappointed is sufficient, but thegrantsforthe student3whopas3itsannual examination fals short by ?,000l. of the cost oftuition, which ought to be c-onsiderably increased. The apatvhy and want of liberality of " the wealthy and intellEgent body connected with tho Cnhurch" (of England) are noticed with regret by the inspector, who urges the necessity of a general appeal to the pnblic. ST. PALNCIAS WORxnousz.-At the weekly meet. ing of the directors of the poor of St. Pancras, Mlr. Church. warden Streeten in the chair, a communication was read from the Poor Law Board, dated May 1, in which the board expressed regret that no material improvement had taken place in the state of the workhouse shiue the report of Dr. Bence Jones upon its condition had been communicated to the directors. The letter from the board added that, being so impressed with the nature and extent of the evil arising from the present state of things, they should think ii their duty, at the expiration. of two months, to issuo an. order fixing the rnaximurm number of inmates at present accommodated in the workhouse, unless the defeots to vhich the attention of the directors had been called should be satisfactorily remedied. The letter also intimated that the board would consider the propriety of issung an amended set of rules respecting out relief. This communication elicited several remarks condemnatory of the threatwned dictation of the PoorLa', Bsrd in the mnangomeat of the poor, and some reflections were made upon the new vestry. A resolution merely acLnowl?dgi,U D the receipt of the communication wMas adopted.
HBR MA JEsSyS T_YE The Queen held a levee yesterday afternoon in St. Jamees Palae. The Court was fUly attended, the presentations of gentlemen exceeding 300. Het Majesty's guard of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at. s was on duty in the State Saloons, under the commnand of the Lieutenant. The Sub-Officer, LieutenantColonel Cooke and Lieutenant-Colonel Nen-ill were on duty 'with the corps. The Yeomen of the Guard were commnanded by the Exonin-Waiting. A guard of honour of the Life Guards was on duty in the large Court of the Palace. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort arrived from Buckingham Palace soon after 2 o'clock, and were received by the Great Officers of State. His Royal Highness the Duko of Cambridge was received by the Vice-Chaniberlain. Mis SereneHighness Prince Edward of Same-Weimar aLso attended the levee. Sir George Grey had an audience of the Queen. 3Mr. William Walter Cargill had an audience of the O.ueen, and received from Her Majesty his Silver Stick of office as Clerk of the Check of the Hon. Corps of Gentleamen-at-Arms. Mr. Cargl had the honour to kiss hands, and was presented to Her Majesty by Lord Foley, Captain of the corps. The Earl of Clarendon had an audience of Her Mlajesty. The Queen and Prince Albert entered the Throne-room, attended by the Duchess of Sutherland, Mhitress of the Robes; the Countess of Gainsborough, Lady in Waiting; Earl Spencer, Lord Steward; the Marquis of Breadalbane, 1ord Chamberlain; the Duk-o of Wellington, M1aster of the Horse; the Earl of Mulgrave, Treasurer of the Household; Lord Ernest Bruce, Vice-Chamberlain; Viscount Drum1hnriz, Controller of the Household; the Earl of Caithness, Iord in Waiting; Viscount Torrington, Lord in Waiting to his Royal Highness; Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Keeper of Her Majesty's Privy Purse; Mr. R. Ormsby Gore, G;oom in Waiting; Colonel Francis Seymour (Scots FusileerGuards), Groom in Waiting to his Royal Highness; Major-General the Hon. Charles Grey, Equerry in Waiting Captain Du Plat, Equerry in Waiting to his Royal High- eass; and Messrs. George G. Cameron and Henry Farqubarson, Pages of Honour in Waiting. The Queen wore a train of maize and white glac6 ground, lamee with silver, and brocaded with bouquets of green leaves and red and gold berries, trimmed with silver blonde. The petticoat of wvhite tulle, worked with three flounces, in straw over white satin. Her Majesty's wore a diadem of diamonds and opals. The foreign Ambassadors and Ministers were introduced, 'hen tha following presentations to the Queen took place in the diplomatic circle:- By the French Ambassador.-M Charles Baudin, on 'quitting London to be First Secretary to the French Embassy at St. Petersburg. By the Brazilian hlinister.-Lieutenant A. Gomes de Mattos and Lieutenant C. Braconnot, of the Imperial Brazilan Navy. The diplomatic circle was attended by the French Ambassa,dor, the Turkish Ambassador, Prince A. Vogorides, Councillor, and Essad Bey, First Secretary to the Embassy; the Belgian Minister and Mr. H. Solvyns, Secretary *of Legation;the Bavarian Minister, the Hanoverian Minister, the Sardinian 3inister andCount Corti, Secretaryof theLega-tion; the Greek Minister, the Netherlands Minister and the Chevalier 3. Heldewier, Secretary of Legation; the Portuguese Mnister, and h. Dos Santos, Attache; the Danish 31inister and M. de Naegler, Gentleman of the Chamber and Officer ol the Guard of His Majesty the King of Denmark; the Prussian Minister, the Spanish Minister, and Mr. J. T. 'Comyn, First Secretary of Legation; the Swedish and Nor,wegian 2linister, the Brazilian Minister, and le Comm-adeur Virgilio de Carvalho, Attach6; the United States hMinister and Mr. Philip N. Dallas, Secretary of Legation; Baron Brunow, on a special rmission from the Emperor of All the Russias; the Saxon Minister, the Hanse Towns Minister, the Peruvian Minister, Count Earolyi, Austrian -Charg6dd'Affaires, and Count Chotek, Secretary of Legation; lf. J. M. Gonzalez de Ia Vega, Mexican Charg6 d'Affaires; x. R. Ulisse Barbolani, Sicilian Charg6 d'Affaires, and M. D. Lespinasse. Secretary of the Mission; the Earl of Clarendon, K.G., the Queen's principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and Major-General the Hon. Sir Edward Cust, N.C.H., Her Majests Master of the Ceremonies. The general circle was attendcd by Earl Granvilie, Lord President; the Earl of Harrowby, Lord Privy Seal; Viscount Palinerston, First Lord of the Treasury; Sir George Grey, Secretary of State for the Home Department; Sir Char:es Wood, First Lord of the Admiralty; the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, President of the Board of Control; Lord Stanley of Alderley, President of the Board of Trade; the Duke of Argyll, Postmaster-General; the Lord Chief Justice of England; Lord Foley, Captain of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms; Viscount Sydney, Captain -of Her Mlajesty's Yeomen of the Guard; General Viscount Gough, Gold Stick in Waiting; Field-Marshal Viscount -Combermere (on promotion); the Bishop of Oxford, Lord High Alhoner; the Earl of Bessborough, Master of the Buckhounds; Lieutenant-Colonel Topham, the Lieutenaut -of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms; the Queen's Advocate; Admiral Sir William Parker, Principal Naval Aide-de-camp to the Queen; the Lord Mayor; MajorGeneral Bouverie, Equerry to the Queen; Colonel the Right Hon. Cecil Forester, Silver Stick in Waiting; Colonel Moncrieff, Field Officer in Brigade Waiting; Major Harmar, Standard Bearer of the Hon. Corps -of Gentlemen-at-Arms; Colonel Lord Dynevor, Aide-de-Camp to the Queen; Colonel PriauLx, Queen's Aide-de'Camp; Colonel Foster, Royal Engineers, Aide-de-Camp to Her M1ajesty; Colonel Le Couteur, Aide-de-Camp to Her Majesty; Sir William MArtins, Gentleman 'Usher to the Sword of State; Mr. Norman 3facdonald, Controller of the Lord Chamberlain's Department; Major-General Sir Frederic Smnith, K.H., Gentleman Usher to the Privy -Chamber in Waiting; Mr. Arthur Blackwood, Groom of {he Privy Chamber; Commander H. Bedford, Gentleman Usher to the Queen in Waiting; M1ajor Howard Vyse (2d Life Guards), Gentleman Usher in Waiting to the Queen; Mr. Wilbraham Taylor, Gentleman Usher to the Queen; M1r. Chcrles Heneage, Gentleman Usher of the Privy 'Chamber; Captain G. C. Blake, R.N., Gentleman Usher to his Royal Higlness Prince Albert in Waiting; Captain f. C. Fletcher (Scots Fusileer Guards), Adjutant in Brigade Waiting. The following presentations took place, the names having been previously left at the Lord Chamberlain's Office, and submitted for Her Majesty's approval:- Maior W. Abercromble, on return from India, by the Chairman of ,he Est Irdia Company. Ensign W. B. Adams. by Colonel W. Scott Adams. Dr. B1 . D. AllanL, by the Chairman of the Bt India Company. Colonel Andersen, I.n; by Maabor-eneral PowWney. M r. S.Andersen. by Viscount hlaynard. 'r.z Eaiton Anion, on retmrn from India, by Lord Water,ieutenanst C. E. Ashburner. by S'ir C. Forbes (of N'ewe). pTuhe Atteorney'eeneral for Ireland, on appointment, by Vsacount Lord Baot, by Earl Granvie. Captain Banbrigge, on return from the Crimea, by Lieutenanut 'General B3mibrigge. Mr. G. A Ballard. by the Chairman of the EAst India Company. Lietenant W. J. Barker, by Lieutenant-General Wright. Lleutenant-Colonel Charles Baring, on promotion, by Field-Marshal the Earl of Strafford. Lieutenant C. AX Barwell, by the Cna-uman or th Ea st India Combr. BEaet. by Lord Falmouth. Major Bathurst. by Lord Faumure. Mr. J. U. Batten, on return from India, by the Chairmaa of the Eat India Company. Sir G. Ht. Beamnont. Bart., by Eairl Howe. Ensign HI. B1Beattie, on appointment to the 52d Light Infantry, by Mawor the lion. H. L, rowys. Captain A. B. Becher. R N.. by Sir C. Wood. Lieutenan.St C. T. Beeching. on appointment to the Hampshire Artillery, by Colonel Bornaby Mrr. Enward Bell, Special Commissioner from V ictoria u the late Paris Exhibition, by the Right HunL H. Iabouchere. Colonel George Bel. on retmrn from the Crimea, and onbezng nominated a C.s, by 3~tsjor-General Sir G. Wetherall Dr. WLliiam Bell, on his return f rom foreign service, by Lord George Lennox. The Earl of Balmere, by Viscount Bangor. Iieutenant Il. E. Bennett, on promotion, by Colonel WDiliams. Lieutenant r. aL Biruham. by the Chairman of the East india lieuten'nt E. W. Bishop. by Lieutenant-General W. T. lKnollys Captai;nBilac!;ett, on return from the Crimea. by the Duke of Norenumnuerano.I Lieuten.nt F. Blake, on promotion, by Colonel Tatton Brown. Ensigr IYUrban v F . P. Blo. on appointment to the Cd Light Infantry, by Major-General Freeth. 31r. R. L. Boltou. en appointment to the Hon. Corps of Gentlemenat-Arnus by Lnrtl Foley. Mrr. NY. G . Bra :kenbury, on appointment as Her Majesty's Consuu at -Vigbhy the Earlof Carmenlon. C,oolnnel Bradford, on appointment as C.B., and return from India, by Sir W. Gore Ouseley. Captain Bramr3toon on appintment, Grenadier Guards, and return from the Crimea. by Colonel T. Wood. Captain A. Brendon, by the Field-Mfarshal Commnanding-in-Chief. Captain .. Britten, on promotion, by lieultenant-General Knollys. Ensign C. D. Broadbent, on appointment to the RRi'd Brigade, by lientenant-Colonel Horsford. Mr. George Broome. by Lord Waterparlk Mrir J. Erotherton. by Sir G. Cvsewall Lewis. Lieutenant H. Bruce, on return from India, by Viscount Cough. . r. Wo. Brbydon. bythe Chairman of the East india Company. Ensign B. H. Buluer, by his father. Mr. Edward Buller. Captain Bunny. Royal Suesex Light infantry Militia, on his marriae, by the Duke of1 Richnond. Irr. Montzgu Burgoyne, by Sir C. Forbes. hMr. Cairns. MRP.. on his appointment as one of Her Majesty's Counsel, by the Lord Chancellor. Lieutenant-Colonel Carleton, on promotion and return from foreign rcerFice. Mr r Field-Starhal the Ban of Strafford. Mir. T. D. Cater, by Colonel Cater. AssistaLt-Surgeon Cates, by the Chaim irn of the Eact India Company. Ensign Chambers , on appointment to the 5lst Regiment, by ieutenant-General SirThomas WVilaiire. Lieutenant H. H. Chanter, on rttur from the Crimea, by FieldMarshal Lord Haedin Assistant-Sergeon H. Cholmeley, on return from Ava, by Sir Moontaaue J. Cholmeley. Brevet-Major Spencer Churchill, on promotion, by Wr. Whateley, 1i ente nant H. C. Z. Cnlaridge, by ajor-General Sir C opkinson . Mr.. Clay. by Sir Wiha lliamyCay Ctaptin F. Clayton, on p eietion and return from the Crimea, by Lieutenant Clememn on appointment to tthe 11th Light Dragoons, by Generl the Hen. HO.B. Lyo. Lgn Lineurtant C. Clerk, by Sir G. Clerk lieutenant-Colonel Clowset by Lord o.yttelton. 4r. T. C. Cobbold. by the Earl of Clarcledon. Ciiptain H. D. C, Cle, by t th Duke o! liObuond. !Capttain . K. 0.C. Colthrst, on retrn from the Crimea, by the Arljutant-GeneraL Ensin L. Cooper, on appointment te the sRifle Brigade, by 3ajor hlr. C. F.Ccoper, R.H., by Sir C. Wood. Captain srConey, oreturn from t*b Crimea on promotion, by MajorLientenant H. Courtenay, on return from India, bytho Earl of rr. Edward Cralhab. by tho E arl of Granardr Lieutenant-Colonel W. T. Crawford, on promotion and appointment a Inspecting Field-Officer. Recruiting Department, Royal Artilery, by Field-M1,arha Lord Hardinge. Surgeon A. Crocker, oni his return from the Crimea, by General Sir E. Blakeney. Captain Crofta, on return from the Crimea, by Colonel F. E. Seymour. Lieutenant Charles Cureton, on hia return to India, by Viscount Hion. Mr. Roper-Curzon, by Lord Glceherg M'ir. Deputy 1)aln, on appointment to the Court of Lieutenancy of of the eity of London, by thu Lord Ma3yer. Lieutenant-Colonel Dalgety. on promotion and appointment as Atant-Qarterm ster.GeneraL by Field-Ma3rshal viiount Har<hine. Captain Davy, on promotion, by Visco-.nt Ebrington. 3L.F Lieutenant D. B. Davy. on appointment to the Ride Brigade, by Lseulenant-General Sir Harry Smith. Rev. R. Delap, by Viscount Lifford. Commander Derriman, on his return from the Crimea, by Sir C. Wood. Count de Torre DiTh7a; by the Spanish 3inister. General Sir W. De Tuyll, on promotion, by Field-Marshil Lord Hardinge. M3ajor Edward W. Donovan, by the Earl of Courtown. Lieutenaut-Colonel Smith Dorrien, by Lieutenant-General Knollys. Mr. G. Al. Dowdeowell. on appointment as Recorder of Newbury, by Sir G. Grey. Mrr. T. Dowling, by Rear-Admiral Collier. 3Mr. Duff, M.P.. on being appointed Lord-Lieutenant of the county of Banff. by Viscount Palmerston. Lieutenant F. Duncan, on appointment to the Royal Artillery, by General Sir Hew Ross. Re,. William Duncombe, by the Earl of MulgraTe. Lord Douglas, by the Duke of Buccleuch. Brevet-Major Sir J. Duniop on promotion and return from the Crimea. by Field-Marshal the Iri of Strafford. Lieutenant J R. Dyce, on appointment to the Royal Artillery, by General Sir J. Bell. Rev. John Dowdney, M.A., of the Diocess of New York, by the American M1inister. Lieutentant C. Bidwell-Edwardee, by Earl Jermyn. Hon. H. Eliot. by the Earl of St. Germans. Major EUerman, by Lord Panniure. Ensign the Hon. C. E. Edwtardes, on appointment to the Riflo Brigade, by his father. Lord Kensington. Captain C. J. Eills, on return from the Crimea, by the Deputy- Adjutant-General of the Royal Marines. Lord Elton, on return from the Crimea, by Field-Marshal Lord Hardin-e M1r. V. b. H. C. iwes. on his marriaze, by his father. Mr. Ehwed Major-General Sir R. lEnglaud G.C.B.. on promotion in the Order of the Bath, by Viscount Hardinge. Lieutenant Evans, on promotion and return rom foreign service, by Colonel J. Tatton Brown. Ensign John Bowle Evans, on appointment to the Miae Brigade, by Major-General Hon. Charlez Grey. M1ajor V. h'yre. by Lord Bierers. Mrt. C. 1Farrell. by Major-General Jonea. Captain arrer,-, of Brayield. on rappointment as High Sheriff and Deputy Lieutenant of the countyo Bucks, by Lord Cr inglon. Lieutenant R. B. Fellows, by Liieutenant-General Knollys. Captain J. D. Feriuson. by Lieurtenant-General Knolln. Lieutenant D. R. Ferguson. by Lieutenant-General KnoLye. Major FFom. D. Fich, on hiea turn from the Crimea by his brother Lord Guernsey. LietenaFitzgeralds.R.X., on return from foreign service, by Sir a Captain William Fitzroy. on return from Lndia :and appointment to tne SIrd Regiment, by Lieutenant-General Kenala. hlr. F. F oijarube, by the Earl of Gonford. Ma3jor Follenius, by Lord Fanmumre. Lieutenant J. A. Forbee. R.N., by the Right Hon. Sir G. Clerk. 31r. William Foster, by Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. R. Rowley. Rear-Adlmiral Furneanux. on promotion, by Sir C. Wood. ;= Mr. D. Pitt Gamble, by Mlr. Hayter. Ensign H. W. Gamault. by the Chairman of the East India Company. Captain Gape. by Lieutenant-General Knollys. C3ptain Gay. by Major Sir E. Lacon. Mr. H. Hucks Gibbs, by the Governor of the Bank of Englnd. Colonel Alexander Gordon. on promotion and return from foreign service, by Lord George Lennox. 3Mr. H. L. Astley, on appointment to Royal Wilta Yeomanry, by Viscount Torrinzton. Cornet H. P. Gordon, by Earl Beauekamp. Ensign H. T. Gordon. by the Chairman of the uast India Company. Dr. Greene. on return from the Crimea, and resign3tion of commission, by General Sir Edward Blakeney. Captain S. Grenfell R.. by the Right Hon. Sir C. Wood. Captain Hale, by Lieutenant-General KnoUys. 3Mr. R. Hanbury. jun., by the Marquis of Breadalbane. Colonel Sir Charlea Hamilton, ou being appointed a C. B., byColonel Francis Seymour. Captain Hon. HI. sandcock, MhP, on return from the Crimea, by Major-General Sir G. Wetherall. Lieutenant HandUey, on return from the Crimea, by Colonel Griffith. H on. C. Hardinge, bLZ. on his marriage, by rField-Marshal Viscount Hardiage. MIr. Gathornle Hardy. MLP., by the Ea3rl of Harewrood. blr. S. C. Harrinton, on return from the Crimea, by the DirectorGeneral of the Army and Ordnance Mledicl Department. Captain Wiliam C. Harris, on appointment as sistant-Commis. sioner of the Mletropolitan Police, by Sir G. Grey. Lieutenant W . W. H3rtopp, on his return from the Crimes and appointment to the Royal Horse Guards, by General Viscount Gough. lieutenant E. C. S. Hely. by Colonel Wiiam Holme Sumner. 3lr. Mercer Henderson, on appointment as Deputy-Lieutenant for the county of Fife, by the Earl of Elgin- Captain Heneage, on promotion and return from the Crimea, by Field-Marsbal the Earl of Strafford. Ensign illi, on appointment to the 25th Regiment, by Mr. Baines. lieutenant-C.lonel C. Holder, on promotion and return from the Crimea, by lieutenant-General his Royal Highnesa the Duke of Cam- bridge. Mlr. Milne Home (of Wedderburn), on assuming the name of Home, by the MIarquis of Breadalbane. Sir C. Hoonywood. on his marriage, by the Earl of Wiuchelea. Lieutenant-Colonel Sir A. H:oe, on his promotion, by the Duke of Buccleuch. Rev. J. aL Hopkins. by hisi father-in-law, Rear-Admiral Beechey. Lieutenant Edward Hopton. on return from the Crimea, by Colonel Shilrley. Mr. J. T. Hopwood, on appointment an a Deputy-Lieutenant of the county of Lancaster, by Colonel Wils0n Fatten. bLP. Captain H. Hoseas3n, by the Chairman of the East Lndia Company. 3Ir. A. Houblon, by the Duke of Roxburgh. Lieutenant Howlett, on receiving hia commission, by Field-Marshal Lord Hardin-e Captain G.REumby, by Field-Marshal Viscount Combermere. Ensign Willam H. Iles, on appointment to the 19th Reguiment, by Lieutenant-General Rowan. Commander G. 3L Jackson, RyN., on promotion and return from tho Baltic. by the Duke of Cleveland. Elsign Gladwyn Jebb, on appointment to the 5P. Regiment, by his father. Colonel Jebb. Lientenant-Colonel Johnstone. on beinz made a C.B., and on return from the Crimea, by Major-General Sir C. Yorke. Captain R. W. Jones, by Lieutenant-General Knollys. br. Hyam Josepb, of San Francisco, Cafornia, by the American Minister. Captain the Hon. G. D. Keane, RN., on promotion and return from foreign service, hy Sir C. Wood. Lieutenant-Colonel Clark Kennedy, on return from the Crimea, by Field-Mlarshal Lord Hardinge. Lieutenan; T. E. Kennion, by Lieutenant-General Sir G. Pollock. Lord Kensington, by Earl Spencer. Dr. B. A. Kent, on return from South Australa, by the Earl of Clarendon. Captain A. C. Key, on his nomination as a C.B., by Sir C. Wood. Dr. Kelkelty, on appointment, Bengal Army, by the Marquis of Clanricarde. Captain Winder, by Lord LytUeton. The Rev. H. B. Kinsman, by Colonel C. B. Phipps. Mr. Knatchbul, on his appointment as ensign, East Kent Mbiitia, by his father. Sir N. KnatchbulL Lieutenant W. Lambert, by Lieutenant-Colonel G. V. bMarwelL Captain Lambton, on promotion and on his return from the Crimea, by Field-Mars3hal the Earl of Strafford. Ctptah i Lane, on return from foreign service and on promotion, by the Viscount Mdleton. Mr. H. B. Layton. by Viscount Bolingbroke. Captain Levett, on his marriage, by the Earl of Denbigh. blMaor Levres, on promotion and return from Crimea, by Colonel Lord Tnevor. Lieutenant H. C. Lowes, on appointment to Royal Artillery, by Admiral H. D. Byng. Captain Lindsay. on his promotionr by Sir C. Morgan. Captain T. BIoyd, by ieutenant-Colonel L. M. rior. Lieutenant H. Locock. on appointment to the Royal Engineers, by Field-Marshal Commanding in Chief Virsount Hardinge. Ensign C. H. Luard. by the Chairman of the East India Company. Mir. W. G. Lumley. by Earl Granville. Mr. Legard, by Earl de Grey. Lieutenant A. M. Mackenzie, on return from Indi, by General Viscount Gough. Cupntlin . Mgacqueen, on return from India, by the Chairman oE the East India Campany. Captain C. Mason, on promotion, by Lieutenant-Colonel A. Hood. Lieutenant H. Maswell. on return from Idia, by Colonel Georgo Upton. Cornet F. M. Eastment, by the Hon. B. Portman, M.P. Dr. A. Mlc'Kechnie. R.N., by Sir C. Wood. Captain A. McNeil, by Lord W. H. H. Cholmondeley. The Rev. H. Melvil, on being appointed a Canon Residentiary of St. Pauro, by Viscount Palmervton. lieutenant H. Molineux, by the Duke of Richmond. Hon. E. Monson, Attache to the emoassy at Paris, by the EArl of Clarendon. Lietenant-Colonel Montgomery, by Sir G. A. Wetherall. Mtr. C. F. Montresor, by Lord Waterpark. R1ear-Admiral Sir F. hlore3by on being nominated K.C.B., by Sir T. D. Aclaud. Captain F. Morgan, on promotion and return from the Crimea, by Shr C. Morgan. Dr. W. ludge, by General Sir. Mr. B. Murphy, by the Earl of Clarendon. Colonel Lord J. C. P. Mlurray, on promotion, by LIeutenant-General the Duke of Cambridge. Sir R. M. Napier, on succeeding to tho title, and on ap]ointment to the command of the Prince of Wales (Renfrew) Milinti by Ltord Napier. Assiatant-Surgcon G. Nayler, by Colonel W. S. Adams. Surgeon Newhan, by the Duke of Richmond. ieutenant W. D. Nicholls, by Lord de Tabley. Colonel Norcott, C.B.. on appointment as Queen'a Aide-de-Camp and return from the Crime,by Lieuten3nt-General Sir H. Smith. - Mr. D. OCalaghan. Surgeon Bengal rmy, on hia promotion and return from India. by Rear-Admiral Sir S. Lushington. Revr. W. L Onulow, by Rear-Admiral Sir H. S. Dumdas. Ensign P.o. aPge, on appointment to the Sd Middlesex Miitia, by Lord Chelsea. Eansign . Pramer. on aDpoin tment to the Rifle Brigade, by Lieu tenant-General Sir HL G. Smith. {r. 0. Parker, on appointment aa Deputy-Lieutenant of the county of Essex by Mlr Brmsaton. Eear-kdmlralSir T. S. Parley, on promotion and return from the Black SeaFleet, by Sir E. Lyons. Commander Parley, on promotion and return from the Black Sea Fleet, by hisfather. Sir T. S. Paley. Sub-Lieutenant K J. Wilson Fatten, on appointment to the 1st Life Guards, by Field-M3arshal Viscount Combermere. Lieutenant J. C. Patterson, on promotiorn, by Sir C. Wood. Cornet Paxton. by Field-Marshal Lord VsLcount Hardinge. Lieutenant-Colonel Paynter. on appointment, as Companion of the Bath, by the Duke of Cambridge. Commander b. Pechell, on his promotion, by Sir G. Seymour. bIr. J. Peel, on appointment, as Deputy Lieutenant, by the EArl of Elleamere. Captain Pemberton (formerly H dgion), on his marriage and change of name, by Colonel N. Hf. C. Ma 2ssey. Mr. L. L. Pemberton. by Visicount Torington. Captain P. G. Peyton. by Colonel Yorko. Leutenant W. E. Philip, by the Duke oS Rutland, Raln55 P. I. 9. Phillips, by Ma3jor E. Newdigate. ur. , 'Pickering. QC.. on appointment, by the Lord Chancellor. General W'retheral _ lir. Pitman, by Sir J. Y. Buler. Lieutenant H. D. Pitt, on promotion, by Field-Marshal Lord Mlacdinge. Captain A. Chicheley Plow den, on return from India, and appoint- ment to Royal London Militi3, by the Chairman ofthe3 East Indba Company. Lieutenant Pontet. by theChairman of theEsat India COmpany. Hon. W. H. B. Perlsan. Ml.P., on his marriage, by Earl Fitz- william. ~ ~ ~ ~ b rrbadurd Cap?tain B. Powvell by the Earl of Caithneen Captain Power, or; promotion, by Sir W. Cotton. hlajor A. Prescott. by Colonel W. H. Sykea. lilyr. A. Psichasi, Consutl-Gdnlral d3 Turquie, byrAmbasa3deur de ,Mr. Radclyffo. High Sheriff of Dersetshire, on appointment, by IColonel Wilson Fatten. Ensign F. Ramabottom, on appointment to the RiE(e Brigade, by IEajor Newdigate. Captain Rattray, on promotion andreturn from &th Crimea, by lord Panmure. Ensign F. J. Rawlin&. en appointment to the 15th Regiment, by Lieutenant-Colonel R. A. Shafto Adair, h.P. Lieutenant H. H. Roberta, on return from the Crimea, by the Duke of Devonshire. Mr. F. 3. Robinson. on appointmentto theHon. Corpoo eGentlemen. at-A-ins, by Lord Foley. Cap.tain H. D. Roers, RB.., on receiving the Order of the Bath, by Sir C. Wood. Captain Rogers. by Lieutenant-General Knolly. Captain Count Ronowv by Lord Panmure. Captain W. J. Rous. on appointment bote FusUleer Guard3, by Lieutenant-General hIs Royal Highness t!e Duke of Cambridge. Lieutenant C. F. W. Roworth. by Lo;cd Carington. Mr. J. F. Russell, on appointment 'ds unpaid Attachi to HterMajeetys Lezation at Bernee by the Earl Of 'ilarendon. dUpt-in H 1L. Ryan. by PRght Elon. Sir E. Ryan. hir. W. Ayahford Sandfow0 tin return from Civil Service in Western Ai.stralia, by Mr. Secretary Labouch-re. Lieutenant F. deL. h SuAderson, on return from the Crimea, by his father Colonel Saua,3-on. Hon. P. C. Scp-,tt, on appointment as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Fier:- f otentiary in Brazil. by the Earl of Clarendon. Ensign F, Schlotel. by ColonUl Wood. M}r. ',narles Sch.-eiber, on his marriage, by the MEarquis of Lank Captain Scluilt; by Lord Panmure. 1 a1jor Scuidamore, by General Hon. H. Mlurray. S Ir, . a3. Selwrn, Ou ppointP ent as one of HeH [IThJtig'iI CwoVunel, i I I and on his appointment asCommisary of theUniverntyof Cambridie. by the Lord Chancellor. Captain LHM. Settle, by the Duke of RicbmoneL Ensign J. 3L D. Shepherd, on apPointmeut to the 3d Middlesex lilitia, by Lord Chelea. Surgeon H. Shirley, by LordLyttelton. Captain Simpon, on promotion and return from the Crimea, by Feld-M,arshal LordH i ialdnge. CapainSmat. N.on ein apoinedAide-do-Camp to Her Maojesty, by Sir C. Wood. Mr. Itowrland Smith. by MEr. Abel Smnith, jun., MYP. fr. J. G. Smith. jun.. by Mr. Abel Smith, jun. ieutena nt J. 8parke, on return from the Crimea, by Vicount Torrin^AtorL Hen. S. Spring Rice. on appointment as Deputy-Chairm3n of Customs, by the Chancellor ot the Exchequer. Ensign 3. C. a Steel, by the Chairman of the East India Comp ny. Dr. D. Ste art, by the Chairman of tho East India Company. Lieutenant W. D. Hy Strickland, by Mjor-General Sim. Ensign W. G. Swinhee, by Lioutenant-Cenerat Sir H. G. Smith, Syed Abdoollad byAthe Preasident otthe Board of sojntrol. Aedmi3al Sykese on promotion, by Sir C. Wood Lieutenant l M. Symel, by the Chairman of the Ea.st ndia Coi- Carptin C. 3. Symomn. by the Res. Dr. Syaons. Rear-Admiral aW Talbot, on returnig from service in the Black Sea on his proiotilon. by Lord Canthorpe. Captain Simon Taylor, by General SirmE. Blakene. G.C.B. Lieutenant-Colonel H. J. Thoma, on promotlon, by Siran. D. Roa, Lieutenant . b Thomase by Colonel Lord Dyneror. Captan W . e G. Thomas, by the Marqui3 of Westminster. Lieutenant and ActinH Adjutant W. Thomas, on appOD tment to the 3a lidclesex Militia, by Lord iltelses. Lieutenant Colonel Thompson. by Lord Hotham, MTr. C. Rt. Thompson. by the Marquis of Salisbury MaLior Tieing. on his rentuon prpom ntheCrmea, tby Coel Wool deg. tCommaneDr C. lVA Tows.ey. Ph-.., on return from s3ervice in the Black Sen, by Admiral Sir E. Lyons. Captain 3. Treeve, by the Earl of Limerick. vieutenant Colonel Tremenheere, by Sinr. Trevelyan. Mr. H. S. Tremenheere. on his marriage, by Lord Belharen. LieutenbntTuson, by Deputr Adjutant-General Royal Marines. Lieutenant J. Do Vfie Topper, on return from the Crimes, by Sir W. ieutenant L. Hr. Veroturmed R N, on promotion and return from the Baltic. bS Admiral Sir G. Sltorius. Lieutenant UtterJan, on his return from Lna, by the Earl of 1rrowby. Laieutenant T.C a Vincent,eonfppointment, 8th (the King's) tegimeot W by General Clacneil. Maior Count von Bothmur, byIord Pammure. Captain von Brandis, by Lord oanmure. Captain von Bresler. by Lord banmorC. MLajor von Clashen, by Lord Panmeue. Captain v^n Diebirtch by Lord Canmbre. Sugeon Wagner. by Lord lanmure. Captain S. S. Walton, by Earl Granvilie. Lieuthent Walton. by CaoloGnerl Siliam.enin. k Lieutenant B. J. Ws ard. on his return from the Cimea, by FieldMrshal Commanding-i-Chlier. Cajor Wand, by Colonel N. }}. C. Massy. ieutenant RI. Well4 o Ro.. on ^romotuon, by Sir C. Wrood Captain Wetheraal by the Duke of Raichmond MEr.]D. O'Connell Wheble, by hiab 1rother, Captain Wheble. Lieutenant C. White, on appointment, 8cots Funsieer Guards, by ieutenant-General the Duae of Cambridgo. LsiiguW. H. White. by Colonel Wilson pratten. Captain ht. B. Whish by the Chairman of the EdaSt India Company. Captai St. Vincent, B. H.m Whitsed. on promotion and return from the the Crimen, by Major-General Sir H. BentmrC. Lieutenant 3. lH. *Vhisahed. PN., on promotion and return from the Baltic. by Mtajor-General Sir H. Bentinck. CaptainT. Wirkhwaxn byhMajor-General SirC. Yorlce. Captai Wigram on promotion and return from the Crimea, byaieldMarshal the Earl of Strafford. Lieutenant Do Liancour Wtson. by the Earl of Uxbridge, .ieutenant 3. E. bL Wilson. aR.N. on promoton, by Sir 1a. Lyons. m -fr. Wright, by the Earl of Bradford. S Lieutenant B. Wylde, by the Chairman of the East India Company. Captain Yelverton on beh z made C.B. by Sir C. Wood. Mrr. .T. Vaughan. by Lord Stanley of Alderley. Dr. W. Btayner. by Lord StanleY of Alderaey. Mrr. H. Coppock, by Lord Stanley of Alderley. ate. J. Orme. Mlayor of Stockport, by Lord Stanley of Alderley. The following gentlemen nreeented addressee to the Queen .- MTr. Stephen Heels3. Mlayor of Salfend, hfr. Charles Gibson, towsn -lerk, aud Alderman Ros. a deputation, presented an addres of con*ratilation on the restoration of Peace, from the Mfayor, aldermen, And burgesses of the berough of Salmord. r. Hbel, s and Mr. Gibson were presented by Viscount ralmerston. Mr. Joreph Orme, Mayor of Stoclkport, Dr. Widiam Rayner, magisStrate, Mr. John Vaughan. to;n clerk, and omr HeYnr Coppock clerk Vo magistrates, presented an addreds of congratulation from the mayor, aldermen, and bugessestof StocBpoy t on the ratification of the t.reaty of peace, wfhich has so honourably terminated the severe struggle in vvhich Her MLajesty's forces have been e iaged. MTr. JamesWatte A Mhayh r of Danchester, bfr. a dermau Nicholls, or. AldesmAu Neild, rd er. Hleron (the Toyn Clerk of MAnchester) -a deputation-presented an address of congratlation from thoe Mfayor, aldermen and citizens ol the ciy of Bmechester. on the retablishment of peace. tr. Watts e as presentea by Viscount Palmerston. The folIov ing noblemen and gentlemen also attfended the leveeQ Dm;z.y-Cleyeland. Bucclsucla, and Roxburghe. MAacQ;ssxs.-Anglesey, Conyneham, Grenby, and Bilandford. rTos,-St. Germans, Fortescue. Somers, Ilchester. DenUing, Badnor, Liab-arne. Nelson, Dalkeith, Macclesfield Portsmouth. Mfayo Stradbroke, Courtown., Bradford, Devon, Pomnfret, and Limerick. Vrscotravs,-Canterbury. Falmouth. Pevensey. Milton Bangor, Villiers, Mlounigarrelt. Midleton, Boyuse, Valletort, and Bolingbroke. BHoxors.-St. Asaph, St. DaRud's, Bath and Wells, Limerick, and neny ~~~~~~~~~~v LoBD3.-AShburton, Do Tabley, Cowley, Waterpark, Aberdour, RaJeu.sRorth, SouthUampton, H. Gowrdon Leunoxn. Bovt, Wodehouse, Calthorpe. Bdedport, Eolwarth. Napier, Bemers. IeighH.Clnton, H. Thynne, Dacre, Lyttelton, Teignmouth, Faorham, Hfew iker, and George Quin. RItOn- Hoy-olrm.naEs,-Edwvard Horsiane, Mf.., H. U. Adding. ton, R. Strutt, M.., Sir Ryan, C. Tenyson DEyncort, andSirR. Pakenbam, R.C,B. VilDiero, G. H. Caerds. M5yrns, VJughan (Fe. H.rro Berkweley, ML Parsons. Major Fithuaie, Spencer Ponsonby. Wallnam Munson, Rl . Vpel, tR. CavenFish t Reo. Richard Chste. Tha.dos I,eigh. Gerard Nfoel, MbL., H.x Brand, M.r.. G. F. W. Yelverton, Charles lanbury, bH.P.. Seymour Egerton. Mr. Wandesforde, F. Scott, M.P., G. hIo,tyn, H. Coveotry, and . SprimgRico. mrns-I.-Norton rgnatLybue. 3. Yarde D oUler, Charles Torgan, 3. Rivett-CarngacM H.?. R. Stewaort Ricehardo.C NobretYsn Wl. G. Granrl euttie. LH. Iacon. Ml..r A. Spearman, 3. W. H. ernson, 0 Chetwyno T. BE. winninton. M P., . Forbes (of NewPi), Thomas Ph'llps, ri Gerard, and W. Eliott. SRats.o. RamLden, J. yre, J. Baroe, and W. Gore Oussley, C.dcB. Qusrera's COuySa-Whatelsy. .XB. Doerosas.-Sier, Symons, Vaughan (of Shrrohl, aud CsrmeL. Doom ors.-Sandwith, Fielda Forbes Winslow, and Smith. Annnirmcvv.-Ross and Law rence. WRnne,-Arka.-ic Fiteroy, Sir N. Chiunery, T. M.ills, B. Prodgers, H. A. W asodgate, and W. G. Martin. Cluny hracpherson. W Wrsthngo.s,-CJ.Gotright. Osbione-Swift. D. Morie ' W.eTurner, Charles Lone. BHie, Fuller Maitland. Graham Vivinu, Vilierslistero Binloeh, J. Bidw ePL, Hughes (of Binmel), PhiAipse Roberl Biddulph, Spencer Perceal, J. It. Walker. Thomas Touon, jun., tw. Beygate. Gateson, M.P.h , 10ther, MhL., Robert 3. Bagh.wD. Edwin Chadwick, C.B., Sussex Milbank, h. 3. rrescott, Robert Smith, Pettigrew, Duneombe PThrke, jun., Alexander Stewart. Horaeo P. SFmith, Peyd Wynne, airkpatrick. BottBeld, Abel Smith, jun., M.P., E. Vetnon Harcourt. Dsshwood, Rn. Manhers Sanderson. 0. E. Richardson Cox, N. Worthingston. 3. Gasdiner, Osborne Bateman, Taylor Meadowrs, Dvenport rBromley. Brotherton, MY.. J. TudFerguson e. KrWilinson M.P.. .Thompson, 0. Palmer, Wegg-Prosser, AIfre. Rusell, H. A. Croft, Hardy, Os;rald, Hamilton Story, Grdon Laebow, mudy, MLP., George Coerane., Farquharson of Invreauld, I:. D. Kortright, H. 3. t. . n Allen Batherat, Robertson Barclay, R. Durant. 0.J. La Trobe, Thornbir Nounille Rudge, 3. Bramton., F. Farrar, Petrec H. Boncherett, H newis A .ia BrinsWeySheridan. ML Rashleigh. H oenney, Sahbago mahmers§Sutton. Adderley, M.P., Suttont estern. G. Batman Bec1r. Dmnbar, Charles E. Petre, Enatchbuli-Pngeseen, Tottenham,Earl 3. H. Bamilton, MP.. Tudor, Blwes, 3. KershaW1 MP.P,E. Buler, Needham, Bnight,H. Wilson, 3.F. Campbell, Mngen Bankes, William Paynter, Wilham WynJard. Law, EnightUe, MiP Hanony. M.P., ih Drum,TondWolc,T. Wentwvorth. Alexander Grsaley F. 0. Adams. Sheffield Heave, and MaCkintosh of Dalmunzie. Foers.n-ML .-Viscount Combermero. GmeuALs.-Sirliobert Gardiner, B.CGB., A. T. Reid, 0.1., Altehi son, Sir H'eny Bentinck, Kr B., Wymer, C.B., Macneil. Reeve, Cowlea , Sir Harry Smith. Bigot, Hon. Henry Mrmry, 0.B., Shubrick, Gascoigne, and Sir Charles W. P3aley, K Cl.3 COLOscxLS.-WillUam Scott Adams, Fordyoe Buchan. Yoland, Murray Prior, Sir Frederick Abbott, 0.B3., Pa'diser, Cater, Phillips, Newton. Earl of Bective, Rushout, Hon. Henry Boyle Bernard. WlsoHn Batten, MYP.. Edwrard Dowfn. H. W. Newmzan, Hon. J. B. Maxwrell. LmP. lne . George Lp.nr Pipon, John Bowner, Philip Yorke, Right Hon Wieam W ighe, Thomas Alcock, Jebb, 0.13., Ellison, an hedward Somerset. ojom.is.-Achton, Charles HecnyoIngilby, Gege, Porys and Von Clasen, B.GI.L CAI'rra. s.-Sayer. DGAgo uG., Charles Oldbam, Bnrco Curling, Isacke, I:van. Duncan Macpherson. Wilson. R. Piper, It. Noel. Henry umnley, the Hon. Dudley Wari, Bateson, Montagne Merywether, C. Wright,AEsculApivnField. Versturme. Neale Borter, . L. Austen, G. W. Woallae Carpenter. James Ross Farquharson, and W. F. Wheble. LrXU1nA1,res -P. L. FranAlin. W. Wynne, Heany Aolineuxi H. H. MaxTell, Walford, Pharles arter, Charles Henrd Clay. Mathew, ^nd hloor3om, Coutsrer.-W. Wither Beach, Eastosc.-blontague 3. Guest. Coamrn.ucra.-Assisiant-Commissary-GoneralS Crooksbnnk and Robinson. AnanntAxr.-Sir George Seymour, Beechey, Kelly. Sir Charles Ogle. Raynes, 0.1., Henry Byam Mtartin, Thornton, and the Hon. Henry]D. Byng. C.ArrAlSc5 (ROYAL, NAVY).-3. Reeve. Barker, and Frere. CO>XaA?sngssl.-Gcerge Colvile and Thomas Saumarez. LcxTsuAarS (ROYAL NAVY).-Lipscomb and A. P. Arkwright. The Queen and Prince Albert, attended by the Ladies and Gentlemnen inl Waiting, returned to Bnclcingham Palace rifter the Levee, escorted by a detachment of L,ife Guvards.
COURT CIRCULAR. Her Majesty had a dinner party yesterday in the evening, which included Her Royal Hiizhness the Duchess of Kent, the Duke and Duchess of Bucceouch, the Duke and Duchess of Argyll, Lady Anna Maria Dawson, Lord Cowley, Lord Raglan, Sir George Couper, Colonel Francis Seymour (Scots Fusileer Guards), and Lieutenaut Cowell, of the Royal Tho band of the Coldstream Guards played during dinner- MarchoftheIsraelites(Eli) .Costa. Grand Selection-" Se-niramide" .. .. gossini. Polka-" The Gazllee" p(omet obligato); .D. . Godfrey. and other pieces. The Queen's private band attended after dinner in the Palace and performed the following selection:- Oyerture-" 11a".. .. .. .. .. FranoisDoppler. Selection-" JennyBell" .. .. .. Auber. DWzch-" Oberon" .Weber. His Royal Highness the Prince visited Mr. Cope's studio at Hyde Park-gate on Tuesday. The Princess Royal and Princess Alico visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester, at Glocester-house, yes. terday.
The Liverpool town-council, at their meeting yesterday, agreed to adopt an address to the Queen, congratulating her on the ratification of the peace. FLoun Co0mNG Doww.-Who could have believedlastDecomberthatflourin April, from common to good New York State flour, would be quoted in this city at a fraction under six dollars a-barrel ? Yet this thing has come to pass, and the p?robabilities are that flour, breadstuffs, and provisions of all kinds will continue to come down for the balance of the year. The bulk of our prodigous crops of last year still remains in the interior. In addition to this our farmers last fall, considering the prospect of a long war in Europe and of still upward prices for breadstuffs, put in an immense breadth o land for the coming harvest. Should this harvest, therefore, be an average one per acre, the ag"regate yield will swell our existing surplus to an incredible amount ; but, should it be a harvest like that of last year, bread and meat will be cheap and plentiful beyond all anticipations. This will especially be the result with good crops in Europe, and tthe IRussian depots in the Black Sea and the Baltic opened, to the wants of England and France. We understand thr on Wednesday from 8,000 to 10,000 barrels of flour were sold in this city at an advance of ls. Upon a specal,.sion; but this is no indication whatever of a saspension ,f the ebb tide. It is on the run, and must ran out. Wt are not sorrv. Oar farmers have realized handsomel- for three or four years, and can afford a reduction Vwit'nout loss in a crop or two; and as in the aggregsa we lia'ri never known or heard of any country on the face of t1e earth that has saffered from bread being too cheap, so when they tell us that flour' is coming dawn we eol sufficiently resigned tg exolaim, "L Let it rC°1e lo4wn."-New York ICraW,
I: SIR WILLIAM KAMILTON. The University of Edinburgh has suffered an immense IosU in the death of its most distinguished Professor on the morning of Tuesday, the 6th inst. Foryears he had been in delicate health, and with energy of mind undiminished struggled bravely against an attack of paralysis that affected the whole of hisright side fromthe eyeto the foot. With some little assistance from a reader he regularly every year went through the arduous duties of his chair, climbing with difficulty a steep staircase to his -lecture-room, and his spirit was so indomitable that his class was known to the last as the best worked and most enthusiastic in the whole 'University. He had just concluded the usual winter session in his accustomed health, and the news of his death, which in the last instance we believe arose from congestion of the brain, will take his friends and pupils by surprise. He had projected so many works which have been promised to the public for years that it would seem at first as if he had died before his time. But his work was really accomplished in the system of thought which he developed in his lectures and in his contributions to the Edinburgh Rvriewv, and the works on which he was engaged were chiefly either editoridl or historical, which called for powers of memory and research possessed by many, rather than for powers of thought possessed by few. His research was, indeed, enormous, and, amid the general poverty of Scottish scholarship he achieved a reputation as one of the most learned men of his time. In scholastic literature his erudition was probably unrivalled, and, unless some of his pupils undertakle to arrange his notes, immense stores of information from the most recondite sources are lost to the world. He was always adding to these stores, and not long before his decease he might be seen stretched on a sofa, his right eye in a shade, and his right arm in a sling, with some ponderous tome of the middle ages before him; in this way, indeed, he submitted to the drudgery of making an index to one of Dugald Stewart's treatises, which he was preparing for the press. Sir Wiliam's lectures will, we suppose, be published; they are very carefully written out, and when these are given to the world the public will have some better idea of his systems, both of metaphysics and of logic, than can nowv be gathered from the fragments which have already appeared.
ACCIDENT AT THE WEST INDIA DOCKS. During the heavy north-east gale on Tuesday night an accident took place at the West India Docks by the borsting of the lock gates of the Limehouse entrance of the South West India Dock, or City Canal, by which a large amount of property was sacrificed and the whole of the shipping in the dock placed in periL The canal runs parallel with the large principal export dock, and within the last year or so a new dock of gigantic proportions has been constructed at the Blackwal end, which connects the canal with the other extensive basins of the company. The entrance locks are each fitted with two gates so as to equalize the pressure of water. At the Limehouse end, however, the outer gate nearest the river was undergoing some repair, and could not be used, so that the whole pressure of water in this section of the dock was against the inner gate. It was of a very substantial description, constructed of timber 2.ft. thick, strongly ironed and bolted, and so built and hung is to open inwards so as to offer every possible resistance to the body of water. In the course of Tuesday evening the wind set in strongly from the north-east, which, blowing directly up the canal, had the effect of causing some swell at the Limehouse extremity. There were a number of barges and lighters Laden, lying in the vicinity of the entrance waiting to go out of the dock at the flood, and these doubtless had the effect of adding in some degree to the pressure against the gates. About half-past 9 the tide in the river was nearly at its lowest ebb, the entrance lock as far as the inner gate was almost dry, and on the other side of the gate in the dock there was a depth of water of some 20 feet. Suddenly the whole neighbourhood was aroused by a tremendous crash. It was soon found to have been caused by the bursting of the lock gates. The whole of the ponderous gates, probably weighing 20 tons, were smashed outwards and swept in fragments into the river, the waters of the canal bursting down into the lock with overwhelming fury. In the torrent were swept away craft of almost every description; grain-lighters, barges, monkey boats, dredging machines, diving-beii barges, rafts of timber, and other floating masses, all came down in one mass. Some were sunk and their wrecks carried into the Thames, while others were thrown over each other in confusion. The rush of water continued for about 10 minutes. In all there were between 70 and 80merchantshipslyingatthevarious jetties, at each side of the canaL These, as the torrent swept along, were carried away from their moorings, and several of them sustained considerable damage through comirg in collision with each other. Great anxiety was manifested for the larger ships. These, however, quickly grounded in the mud, and appear to have sustained no damage; others on the canlal running dry, were left in a critical condition, and, being heavily l aden, were no doubt mnuch strained. A large foreign brig was left high onthe south bank, a Dutch gallot was bilged, and several barges heeled over and capsized. The timber ponds, which cover several acres on the south side of the canal, considerably added to the rush of water, and much damage a p pears to have been done by the rafts. The foundations of the piers of the bridge have been partly carried avway.° The dock officers were promptly in attendance and doing everything that was practicable for the protection of the snipping; the night, however, was far advanced before the extent of the mischief could be correctly ascertained. Two country canal boats, which were swept out of the dock, have not been traced. It is supposed that they have sunk. If so, it is feared that those on board, generaly the boatmen's family, were drowned. A large number of the Thames police, under the direction of hlr. Inspector White, immediately rowed to the spot and rendered great aid in recovering considerable quantities of wreck. In the course of yesterday several directors of the company, with the secretary and engineer, visited the scene and gave the necessary directions for the restoration of the destroyed works with all despatch. It is anticipated that the gates wil be restored in the course of three or four days. At present the tide ebbs and flows into the canal, but the company have taken the precaution of hauling some of the larger ships, at the top of high water, through the Junction Dock into the Export Dock. The unfortunate event will cause a serious loss to the company.
THE TiriAL OF PALRgn.-The alterations in the Central Criminal Court, mado wvith a view to afford as much accommodation to the parties concerned in this important trial and the public as is possible from the nature of the building, are now nearly completed. There wil be considerable additional accommodation for the bar, and also for attorneys; and all those who have business in the court it is expected will find that all that is possible has been done to prevent unnecessary inconvenience. The Under-Sherilg Moon, Stone, and Rose have taken a very anxious part in the matter, and they have been to the Court almost every day to superintend the proceedings which are bein- carried out underithe authority of the Corporation of the yity of London. These gentlemen have very properly determined that, while the court shall be made fully avail able, sofar as its constrction admits, to the accommodation of the public, they will not in any way pander to the idle curiosity created by such a proceedin , that those who are connected writh the administration of jusice shal be first attended to, and that nothmng atall likely to interfere with the decorum that should exiist in a court of justice upon so solemn an occasion shall be permitted to take place. Wipth this view it has been determined that the ord practice of alowing persons to obtain admission to the galleries of the court by payment shall be put an end to, and no officer in attendance will be permitted, upon any pretence, to receive money; and the public wll be admitted-of course under some restrictions-to those galleries to the extent to which they can be made availablel with comfort, and no more. The same co-rse will be taken in the body of the court. The difficulty has been rendered doubly great by the trial being appointed to take P lace in the midde of an ordinary session; and although every endeavour has undoubtedly been mnade to meet such a state of things, yet it is the opinion of many of the officers of the court that it will be found necessary, Keither to postpone the trial of Palmer, or the whole of the other business vdll have to be adjourned to a future day. SImrniG STATuT3s.-The existeince of a large number of acts of Parliament, long since "asleep," is about to be summarily extingaished by an act of the Legislature, introduced by Mr. Locke Kin, Mr. Watson, Mr. J. G. Phillimore, and Mr. Ew-art. These obsolete statutes date so far back as the reign ofEdwardL The25th Edward E., chap. 22, enacts that he who purchaseth a provision in Rome for an abbey shall be out of the Kigs protection. The act of 7th Richard IL, chap. 13, nrohibits any nan from "riding in harness within the realm, or with 'launce- ys."' The 13th Richard II. tampers with the wages of abourers and the gains of victuallers. Dr. Hassall, on the other hand, 'will not disapprove a statute of the same reign which enforces the cleamsing from "dust" of malt sent to London, nor our sanitawy reformers an act for the punishment of those who cause corrution or corrupt the air near cities and large towns. The 20th Richard IL, ehap. 2, declares "who only may wear another's livery." Other statutes regulate aud provide for the legal receipts of hostlers for oats,-the coinage of the realm,-the gilding of silver,-the " sort of Irishmen!' that may (only) come and dwell in England,-the winding and pacldnu of wool,-',e poenalty for dwelling in the st~" of &outhwaro,-the buying of homs growing in London,-the inalkg of tiles,-the stiiffing of bolsters, featjierbeds, and piliows,-the making of cables,the destructior, of crows and rooks,-the number of sheep that a man may keep,-the breed of horses,-the abstinence from flesh in Lent,-the putting a=ay of images and divers books, -the redress of certain abuses and deceits practised ln paIntingSs &c.i:There are also sundry other absurd laws pas.'ed in the reign of James L concerning the true mak4 ag f certain articles of wearing apparel,-the length oK kersies, and other singular matters. We may direct t' *e attention of Mr. Oliveira, SP., to an act of lne reign o' E3dwrard VL. "to avoid the excessive P1Ices of wines," while many of our Oriental visitors nm;yleel intereshd tc exame an old act of Henry YII. "concernit out1budis beonle callina themselvPz 9V. t;- "
REFORLMATORY SCE[OOrS.-The mag,istates of Cheltenham havejust.hadone casebrought beforethemof public interest comnected 3with the working of the Reformatory Act. Mr. MQrgan, agent to tbo Secretary of State, appeaed efoe to.bnchto condu-ct informnations against six I pearedbeforsiugibeC),eltenham,t -o enforce contributions toEtenareeof ^heir children while in the care of theltefornaao<espry h ThefirstcasewasainstJohnPeters, 'whose son had been convicted at Gloetooer, and had been sent to the Ileformatory sbip at Liverpo-ol, where he is now detaie4. The deftndant is a shoemiaker, and earns lOs. to 12s, per waek, but it is said can earn much more. The magistrates in this case made an order nupn the defendant for payment of Is. per week towards t.e maintenance of his son. Edward Hart, taior, John Cook, gardener, and Thomas Wilson, were alsoordered , to pay is. per week, and James Shaw, labourer, Gd. pcg. week. In the case of Jhn Dobbins, the sixth defendsnIz it appeared that he was so poor as to be in the receipXo, c parysh pay. He was therefore excused. Mr. Morgaitgarldressig the be;,ch, said he had been informed by thx e ief constable of 'ehe county police that many parents i!dz.ced their chil,'ren to commit crime in order to get Oe, into reforrr ,%tory schools, so that they shouldbe relieved of their ma'-tenance and enable them to learn a trade wivthout any c,ost to themselves. He now on thke part of the Govern-' meiit begged to state that the Secretary of St-ate was deter Mined to enforce payment fromi all pareuts who were abi.. to contribute towards the sup poct of their chCildren. 'Wour ~IELX. Government bill jLst introduced certain works constructed wholly or P:rtly with the public money are transferred to the coun45es in which they are situate. Those mentioned in the schedule of th:s bill are Belmullett C&nal, in M3ayo, B'BU.pier and, Dingpier, in th4 QOUUtY tf Cork
1OFAL IITANL OPERA. The ente-tainments last night consisted of Norma and the fourth act of It TTaratore. Aocording to the bills this was an extra evening, for the benefit of Signor Tamberlik, whe sag in both operas-in the first as Pol}io, in the second as Mnrico. At any rate, it was the final appearance in England, for a very long time, of a deservedly popular favourite. Signor Tamberlik, we are given to understand, leaves inmnediately for Rio Janeiro, where he is engaged for 14 months, at the expiration of which period he is to make the tour of North and South America. The farewll of one who has always done his duty with the utmost efficiency, and whose zeal has been on a par with his abilitics, which have raised him to the highest rank, deserves to be recorded -more especially since it was unpreceded aDd unaccompanied by fanfaronade, or any kind of display. Signor Taiuberlik made his debzt at the Royal Italia Opera (April 4, 1850) as hasanieUlo, with a success which, doubtful on the first night, was firmly established after two' or three representations. He very soon, indeed, acquired that place in public estimation 'hich he ever afterwards maintained without rivalry as the most admirable tenorc robusto since the days of Donzelli, whom, moreover, he was generaLly allowed, and with justice, to suirpass in the purely histrionic department of his art. lnthe course of six years Signor Tamberlik has rendered eminent services. The extent and variety of his ripertoirc may be best understood by a reference to the list of characters he has successfuUy attempted. During the first year of his engagement at the Royal Italian Opera he appeared in no less than eight-viz., lasameieo, PoUio, ,Amenofi (Most in Egitto), Rodrigo Dhu ( a Donna del Lpog), Roberto (ZRobert te Diabte), Hydaspes Asnaoioa third title for Verdi's .Zfisbucco, which, at Her llajesty's Theatre. had been newly christened ino), Othllo, and Ldopold (Hal6vy's Juinc). In 1851, four more were added-Giulio (Der Freischiitz), Florestan (Fiddio), Don Ottavio, and Phaon (Gounbd's Sapphlo); in 1852, another four-Chalais (Mafriaidi Bohan), Pollteu (Donizetti's Marteri), Hugo (Spohr's Fazust), and Pietro Jullien's Pietro it Grandc); and in 1853, Arnoldo (Guillaune Tctl), Ernaui, Benvenuto Cellini (in the opera of Berlioz), and Jean of Leyden (Proph&e). Since 1853 Signor Tamberlil;, if we are not mistaken, has only added one new part to his catalogue-that of lEanrico, in I Troratorc-making in all 2L The value of a singer capable of impersonating so many characters-and, still better, entirely to the satisfaction of the public, mnust be self-evident. A more useful artist-not to speak of his rich natural gifts and acquirements-never belonged to an operatic establishment. Noris this alL Signor Tamberlik, during the term of his connexion with the Royal Italian Opera, has seldom, if ever, under any pretext, been. absent from his ipost. He has served the theatre and its patrons with indomitable energy. He has undertahen eomparatively unimportant parts as readily, and bestowed as much pains upon them as upon those of the highest pretensions. e hasmore than oncesupplied the place of Mario himself in operas of vital consequencesuch as Don Gionnni and the a Prpan re-which, but forthe timely intervention of Signor Tamberlik, mnst have been postponed, to the serions detriment of the treasury. Nor has he shrunk upon any occasion from assuming the chief responsibility in works s the issue of whkich wa doubtful, andpfrom heich other singers have retreatedin dismay. As exiamples of this wfe need only cite Sagpho and wien2he,zto Cepini. The Italitn, French, and Germant schools have come home to Signor Tamberlik with equal g,race-witness his performances in Oldlo, }Robert Ic Diabtej and Fidelio-three master-pieces, in whichm the principal tenor parts have never been sustained withp greater powfer and effetct. To analyze his talent, how.ever, or to describe the peculiarities of his voice, would be going over ground already familiar to our readers. We merely w,ish to pay some slight tribute to a great and conscientious artist, whom it is more than likely we shall not see again for years-if, indeed, at all-who has stood high in publie favour, and may be fairly regarded as an ornament to his profession. Signor Tamberlik has rarely sung the music of Pollio more perfectly than last night, or distinguished hir self more prominently in that of 3a3rico. He was encored in the "Mhiserere" of rl Tro2atorc, and thrice recalled in the course of the evening.-
UMIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD, MAY G. in a Congregation to be held on Thursday, Jlay tS, at 5- o'clock, the statute for the regulation of the Bodleianx library, having been amended by the lebdomadal Council, will be promulgated afresh. The principal change is the omission of any limitation upon the holding of a cure of souls by the librarian and sublibrarians, the safeguard introduced being the consent of the majority of the curators and of Convocation. In a Congregation to be held on Thursday, the 15th inst., at 2 o'clock, a new form of statute will be promulgated on the subect of the Regius Professorship of Civil law. The - duties enjoined are two annual courses of catachetical lectures during sib weeks in each of two terms, and two mora formallectures in the remaining term. Residence is not req,uired. The Professor is to be bound by the general rcgalations of the Professor statute recently passed, when satisfactory provision shall have been made for a fitting stipend. In the same Congregation a short statute will be promulgated concerning the time at wlhich mames of caudidates for e:xamination in the Final Schools must be given in to the Examiners. The Examiners in the Mathematical School hLae givenx notice that candidates are to appear before them on the 16th. inst., at 9 a.m., and the Examiners inthe School of ILw and Mode. History that their examination will conmence on. the 20th inst., at 10 a.m. The subjoined class-list has been issued by the Mathematical Moderators:-- -CLASS 1. John A. Dale. Bartholomew Price, Yo&rso Francis Harrison, ) The Begins Professor of Modem History (Mr. H. H. Vaughan) requeststhat those members of the University wha. may desire certificates of attendance on his lectures wilL leave after each attendance a card containing their names in, full and the name of the college to 'which they belong. MAY 7. The subjoined -notices have this day beeim issued bythe ViceOChancellor " Doubts having arisen whether the only candidate forth. rectory of South Stoke is legally eligible. at the presentmoment, the election of an Incumbent for the same as postponed. "R. L. CoTToN, Vice-Chancellor. " In a Convocation to be holden on Saturday next, the10th instant, at 2 o'clock, it will be prop3aed to aafmL the, University seal to an humble address to Her Most Gracious Majesty the Qneen on the ratification of %eace with Russia. -Copies of the address will lie on thetable in the rooum- opposite the Delegates' Boom for the inspection of members., Of Convocation on iFriday and Saturday morning next, tilL 1 o'clock. " R. L. COTTON, *wice-Chancellor!'- A report of the Museum Delegates has been printed and! circulated. It is proposed, in accordance-with its suggestionsto slbmit twro decrees to Convocation, the first voting a sum.. of 1,3031. for certain necessary purposes; andthe secondA a. further sum of 6,2001. for purposes not strictly nocessarybut desirable.
ST. PAui's SCHOOL A pOS=oICH.-The annal 3pposition of the scholars of this anoient and celebrated.inititution took place yesterday in. the school-room, whicih was elegantly fitted up for the occaRion, and decorated%with. bhe flags of England, France, Sardinis and Turley pre. gented to the school by MIr. White, who brought them a& trophies from Sebastopol. The highimaster, Dr. Kynaston,. having presented the prizestotheaccessful candidates-viz., hessrs. Whyley and Miller, fonthe best Greek verse trans_ lation from "Lore's Labour Zfst," Act IV. scene 3; to. Mr. Lawrance, for the best L;Wn hexameter tmnration oa reOflyson's Dreanm of Pair E,men ;" to the sa;Ae young ;entleman the third prize, in the Truro, pFpz. competition; to Mir. Miller. for Hfeath pr,4i." llain lissay ;" the Troro prisJ, "E1nglish l4ssay," to, Nfessrs. Graham, 1st, a3d Monlchouse,. 2d; and tho> Milton Prixo"' for tha, best Eingls. poem on- a. acred subiject, to M1r. Graham. The scenes frpm, thok 3reek, Latin, English, asA French drioatlqts were.!pvm in the following ordc :-Terence, Ph,ormio, ac ii;_scenes 2 and 3. Phormic, Geta, Demipho,. y.Mesars. Gre*P.-- bill, Eccles, and HcG. Shakspea;e, Tasping Q, tha Shrew, act iv. scenes 3 :d5. Kathe, Grumi6, PlAv chio, Hortensio, and Thiior, by Mesms. _utler, WhItaeU Griffin, Eccles, and ]how. Axistophanes, Paz:- Tryz'eus, Hermes, Polemos, _Kvldimos, b,, M,eszs. Little, Whalley, %riffin, an2, GreenhW4 IWMM. Fal of Jcrusaltnz, Simon, Joh;,h gh pnelt,. by Maszs. Monlehouse, Lawr-ce, and Fliw4ff. "-l acine 1s ?iaidctrs, Com6die, rf ii., scene 2 snd-3; Do din,f4saiWAe, Petit Jean, L'Mnm6, LeSeafflen b y3I,Ghm, Little, Sweeting*,Whyley, aia VYhiall9y. Il -wouWA be invidious to parti jqjrgie the, respective nzaits of -nat may be called the r zmersmi.these scenes, h of wb3ch were of more than.werage rasrit, and severz4. of v.ich showed & very perfect Vpreciatin,ofthe charaoterz represented, an& an excellen-: iee1ing &- the poetrY. o, the aulthors. Thek scenes frox,stmcine we1q vell gveg and thei ponunciationI of the Fmwze, lange testi'ed honojarahly to the silL of AL .LelUiAe, whc is the prefessor of- French attached tc_ the schQLL The Greel and Latin compoaitions may bl. said to. a,ratlhr above the average value of such com :Q. sitio;a5zad who.it is taken into coasidenheion that the a;, of thWiompetUAqrs is not very advanced, and that the 'WI,. qult~ance wit4 classical litesature is necesnarily limi i niky&'be safely predicted that their maturer labours v. - Ai4ently successful. The schoolroom was crowdod: wi,*0oijany, aseoug whom were the Bishops of Chich%ig- # a 12tundaffthe Dean ef St. PavJ.e, the Dean of CQp'Ag Sir t. Clarkc, the Master of the Meroers' iCompauy,> a.. An elegant luncheon was laid oUt.in the library, at,%vgh tho High Master and 3irs. lyn sbo dispensed tbeb(]P,S^ialities to the company. A WARNiNG.-7ho following extzat, :'om a private letter, receivod by the Baltic, is pulWishqd by the New York AMirror. Tbeletter is dated Magcih 3l, -" Peace waa definitely xde, and the treaty sigied. ou Saturday afk Paris. the flags are flying, but _iveribody sems disguste,.1. Englaad likes better to fight hue' owvn hattles, win her osm~ vlcories, and mak-e peace on h.er olwn tcrms. She don' aj tny rate, like to pipe to the dancing. I saw at Ply mk,Aka great number of gunboats, of lwhc thr rnWust finished, at the close of lthe war, 300 or 400! Tzay are in. fine shape now to carry onl the fight. The imboeilq old moit and the foolish smiall boys who officered thie %rvni are a.tw all dilled off, and at last, when peace in4., th4ey a.e csdy forth fray.9 OIn their present temperi,dstabs-o .,epara. tion, woe be to -the uex foe they bN foul of hrusti won't b you;
THE BRITISH ARMY. [A porYon of the flolowng appeared La our soond oditloz of yterday :-] (MX OUP SPECIAL OORMOBnKNT.) CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOL, Arisn *2. I regret that I missed the grand review of the French and English armie3, which took place on 7humday last, while I was making the tour of tho souther coast round to Simpheropol and Bakhbi. serai. This day was originally intended for the spectacle, but General Lilders, for whose edification it was designed, was obliged to leave for Odessa before Saturday, and the review took place sooner than was anticipated. The sight is described by all who witnessed it as magnificent and iraposing, and I canuot but regard it as a misfortune to have been absent from it, although I can bear -with some equanimity the loss of the French racea and the carrousel, which also came off during my absence. General Liuders, who was attended by a staff of Russian officers to the number of 70 or 80, is stated to have spoken of the appearance of our army in terms of the greatest admiration. Marshal Pelissier was ptarticularly struck with the appearance of the Highland Brigade, which formed a liying wall from the head-quarters camp to the commeacement of the fornation of our line, and he dedcared " that they were the finest and most splendid-looking soldiers in the -world." The French review took place early in the day; their battalions formed on the plateau from the Red Hill, to the north-west of Balaliava, near Irs. 2eacole's-a noted landmark-right away to Mtmiesch, a distance of more than three miles. They were drawn up in rather loose order, and adopted a iess massive formation than is their wont, and in the march past Eieir battalions were sometimes broken up, and consisted of only two or three companies each, the remaining companies being formed into another battalion. Their finely-appointed artillery were placed at intervals between the divisions, and necessarily extended the line considerably. General Lilders exmnined the infantry, who are variously estinated to have numbered from 35,000 to 50,000 bayonets, with great care, and spoke in high terms of their admirable bearing and soldierly aspect. Our allies presented a very fine appearance, notwithstandng that the traces of their sufferings from illne&s during the winter were painfully apparent mn the diminished strength of some regiments. I am glad to report that the sickness which caused such ravages has ceased, and that our allies, in comparison, nowr enjoy excellent health. It was in the regiments stationed at Varnutka, Baidar, :?.skomia, and thereabouts that the greatest mortality prevailed. General D'Autemarre's brigade suifered very severely indeed. The 11th Regiment lost one-half its nunber; the 26th, which was the moat healthy, buried nevertheless 250 men; and the -th, the remaining regiment of the brigade, will leave behind it upwards of 400 rank and file in the Crimea. The French officers do not conceal the amount of their losses during the winter, any more than they novv dissemble the disasters which befell the devoted expedition into the Dobrudscha in 18-54, the horrors of wvhich have never yet been made public, and the mere sight of which drove Horace Vernet back to France with all possible speed. As our national vanity has received a blow which has led to such marked improvement in our organization, it is not improbable but that our gallant allies vill be warned by the events of the past winter that their system is not quite so perfect as they imagined and boasted it to be. Had the war continued, the French, in their present state, would have found themselves almost unable to move a day's march, owing to the exhaustion of their train des 6quipages and the destruction of their animals. They were wont to laugh good-humouredly at our railroad-making, and to say " Sebastopol would be taken long before it was finished." They have since had practical proof of its utility, and ihey see every day how great are its advantages, in enablirg us to accumulate stores wherever we desire them, and to send down to Balaldava vast piles of shot and shell, while they are as yet unable to make any eforts to collect mat-iel for export to France. Nor do they despise our roads, wherever they can be made available; and the harbour of Balaklava has proved of no small service to our aliesFrench and Sardinians-as well as to ourselves. Howev-er, these questions may stand by for the present, and, indeed, for ever, unless the consideration of them is forced upon us. The Russian General, who praisedthe French for their martial and intelligent aspect, was pleased to award to our troops the merit of great neatness of appearance, strength, steadiness, and solidity. The great race was won by Viscount Talon, on the Irish horse Paddy Boy. General Laders and nmany Russian officers attended the races, and were received with high distinction by MIarshal Pelissier on the grand stand erected for the occasion. LIOrnxv D. The weather still continues to be cold and windy, giving heavy blows and great discouragements to excursion parties. This afternoon a tremendous black cloud suddenly rushed down on the camp, opened out, and let fall a lapfull of hail, sleet, and cold water on us for about five minutes. Immediately afterwards the sun shone out brightly on the plateau. All the mountains have resumed their winter greatcoats of snow and bind the horizon with a Christmas girdle. There is still a rush to the fireplace inside the huts, and altogether the weather is like anything but that which we might expect in the middle of April. A considerable proportion of the Sardinian army, consisting of not less than 6,000 men, embarked on -board the Cleopatra, the Imperador, and other steamers, in the course of last week at Balaklava, and sailed for Genoa. The sentiments with which these fine troops regard the peace are well expressed By General Della BIarmora in his Order of the IDay*- "OPDEP OF TEE DA'.-lTo. 102. * Read-quarters, Kadikoi, April 6. "Soldiers,-The peace signed at Paris on the 30th of ]farch last puts an end to the hopcs each of us entertained for the glory of our arms. This feeling is more keenly felt by those who know the important task which was reserved to us had hostilities continued. - But, the obiect for which the sword was drawn having been attained, we ought not to desire the prolongation of the calamnities which are inseparable from war. Let us console ourselves with the thought that what we have done, and what we were ready to do, is sppreciated by our generous allies, and will not be lost to the future of our country. "I oe you praises an thanks for your constant self-de. Mial, for your exemplary discipline, for your ingenious activity, and for your bravery; but you will hear them with greater pleasure from the mouth of our beloved Monalch, whom we hope shortly to behold again. " Whatever may be the post in which the Sovereign will may place me, I shall never forget how, on the 16th of August, after having contributed in driving back the for- midable attackss of the enemy, you all eagerly desired to follow the flag which crossed the Tchernaya. I shall always reinember with what ardour, on the 8th of September, each of you was desirous of taldng part in the assault, one of the most murderous recorded in history. c AAnd, should fate hereafter lead us to other battle-fields I shall esteem myself happy to be with you, my present comrades in this memorable war of the Crimca. "The Commander-inn-CCief "DELLMAYARIORA." Never did troops better deserve such praise and confidence, and the intimiate and friendly relations ,which have grOwn up between English aand Sar- dinians in the Crime Wiml, in all probability, exercise a material influence for many years to come over the destinies and the feelingos of these two nations. it should be remarked that the aid which we so willingly afford our allies will, in aU probability, present some impediments to the rapid evacuation of the Crimea by our own troops. The French army is rapidly retiring from Russian soil. General Failly's division, consisting of tho 10th, 57th, 61st, and 63d Regiments, left Eupatoria on the 8th and 9th inst., and embarked on board the Wagram, Jena, fDuperr6, Mogador, and Sirene, which soon afterwards proceeded diruet for France. Only two of these vessels are steamers; the rest are sailing ships, two of the line and one a frigate. Tho division left the 17th Cha3seurs and its artillery behind. Xinburn has been evacuated, and is now in the hands of the Russians, and the 95th Regiment of the Line (French), which formed the garrison, has returned to the Crimeain the ships which formed the blockading squadron of the Bug and Dnieper. All the soldiers of the class of 1S84 will be at once sent back to France as soon as the means of transport can be provided for them, but the means of our ally are not ample in proportion to the enormous amount of living and inorganic. material with which she has to deal, and there is serious talk of her seeking permission to send her artillery and cavalry horses round to France all through Europe. The French have about 35,000 horses and mules in the Crimea, and, as the distance to France is about 2,500 miles, it would take such a cavalcade not less than 10 or 12 weeks to accomplish the journey. It is not quite so easy to see how they would find food on the road. The eagerness of the French to get away from the Crimea generally is undeniable. As for your Englishman, "He's a burr-he'll stick ;" he makes tours and promenades, and is in no hurry to depart. All along our route the other day the constant question was put to us, "W'hy don't the French come up here; why is it only the English who visit us ?" But, in addition to the want of b1t ponies and bag. gagers among the French officers, there is an indisposition to make such expeditions, and to expose themselves to some roughing and a good deal of iniposition. The quantity of material piled up at Kaamiesch for embarcation is very great, and will require a large amount of tonnage for its transport, and as to the moumds and mountains of warlike stores accumulated by the English army on the plateau and at Balaklava, the task of removal seems beyond even oLur means. The Sardinians, little enciumbered, and in readiness for taking the field iunembarrassed by a large field artillery and by any siege train, -were soon embarked, and it was observed that sobriety, discipline, and cheerfulness characterized the whole proceeding. General Codrington has not been able to award the same praise to the Army 'Works Corps, and has written a Very stinging and severe order respecting them, which you will see among the General Orders. Tnere are two sides to thin question, however, and it is but fair to state that the Commander-in.Chief has repeatedly and consistently refused to punish the men of the corps according to military law, or to give Mr. Doyne the power and authority to do so. It can scarcely be expected, therefore, that men who know they are under very slight restraint should exhibit all the qualities of disciplined soldiers. The Chief Superintendent wiU no doubt put forward a defence of the corps, and the public will then be better able to judge how far the Com- mander-in-Chief's heavy censure is justified to the i letter. The Army Works Corps will be the first body sent from the Crimea. Many of the men are now employed packing up the stores, machinery, and tools belonging to the corps for immediate shipment. The traditions of our navy, which forbid the employment of men-of-war as transports, except in cases of great emergency, will deprive us of some facilities of transport if they are rigidly adhered to, but it must be said at the same time that some of our naval officers think the French have ruined their fleet by using the ships as transports. Admiral Trehouart is actively engaged at Xaniiesch in making arrangements for the further despatch of troops. Yesterday the 1st, 2d, and 3d Regiments of Zouaves embarked at aEamiesch and sailed at once for Algeria. These troops have acquired a European reputation on the soil of the Crimea, and it has been their rare good fortune to be employed in every remarkable action and operation of the expedition, and to justify on every occasion the good opinion of their officers. In that respectthey present a contrast to thosesplendid Highland regiments whom the fortune of war has condemned to comparative inactivity on the heights behind Balaklava; and one cannot but regret that Sir Colin Campbell had not one more chance, such as that of which he so well availed himself at the Alma and at Balaklava, to show the mettle of his men in some of the grander operations of the siege. It is never too late to do justice to a brave soldier; and, now that the war is over, it should be known that it was Sir Colin Campbell who gave the energetic and decided advice which caused the Brigade of Guards to make its onward movement up the hill of the Alma, and which decided the fate of the day. There was a general impression at one time that " he would not get on well" with the French, but the reverse has turned out to be the case. He has established the most intimate and friendly relations with all the French officers whom their course of service and duty broiught in contact with him. General Bosquet and Sir Colin are warm personal friends, and General Vinoy speaks of him with enthusiasm. Indeed, Sir Colin has to submit to an amount of hugging from his veteran friends whenever they meet after short absences which proves their ardour and his passive endurance. The Bretagne, Thum, Fleurus, Jean Bart, Duquesne, Tourville, Prince Jerome, Hercule, Rolland, Loire, Saone, Durance, &c., have been prepared for troops, and it is expected that 20,000 French will embark thisweekat Kamiesch. The Sardinians willgoassoon as there are vessels ready to carry them. They give a dinner this evening to their friends in the English army, to which a large party of the Royal Engineers are invited, and the French, on their side, are preparing another grand ball, which will take place in a few days. A number of the French troops are so reduced by scorbutic diseases and by illness that it is not considered advisable to send them all the wa rane jst et,an M.Bauensis re ariga toff rance just yet, and Al. B3audens is preparing at Principo, in the Sea of Mlaxmora, a field hospital for their reception. The Sardinian army, on the contrary, is quite ready to move homewards at once. Why is it, one may well ask, that they do not share with otur allies the honour of the Crimean medal and riband? Surely, the battle of the 16th of August would well entitle them to the distinction? TuEsDAY. The day is fine but cold, and the wind, which blows strongly fromthe north-west, is sending tho much sea to be agreeable intothe harbour. The Gladiator, Captain Hillier, which has been inside the roads of Sebastopol for some time, has be ' visited by many Russian offlers with evident inte- rest. The Industry, Mxr. :Bowers, Master, R.1f., commander, has also anchored inside, and will be loaded with stores. A ferry-boat now plies to the north side, manned by Russians, and the forts are open to all officers for inspection. There is a report in camp that Sir W. Eyre is goingout to Canada with the rank of Mfajor-General, and thathe will command a division consisting of the 9th, 14th, 17th, 62d, and 63d Regiments. These are all Stong regiments, with one exception, and have "ufered little during the war, for the heavy losses to which the 63d were exposed at Inkermann and by the winter of 1854-5 have been compensated by draughts and by the reorganization of the regiment, and the galant 62d is also acquiring its full strength by degrees.
TURKEY. [the following appeired in our second odition of yea. teda -] I (OYX OUR OWN OO' OMThDZNT.) CONSTANTINOPLE, APrIL 24. I wrote to you in my last letter about the disappointment excited in Stamboul, as well as in MToldoWallachia, by the unsettled state in which the Danubian Principalities, were left by the Treaty of Peace; the silence which the Treaty is said to observe about Circassia has not caused les3 disappoint. rment, which will be fully shared by Circassia herself 'when it becomes known. The simple news that peace madbeenticoncluded produced a very strong excitement there, as letters received a few days ago showThe mountaineers flocked down in thousands to Anapa, where a Turkish Governor, Sefer Pasha, a Cireassinby birth, resides. Several hundred chieftains met to discuss and draw up an address to the Sultan, the Queen of England, and the Emperor of the French, in which they asked that the independence of their country should be recognized, and expressed their resolution to maintain their independence under any circumstances. A deputation of 12 chiefs has been chosen to bring down this address to Constantinople, and they have arrived. What this deputation of Cireassians wants is only the recognition de jure of what they have always possessed de facto. The connexion between the Turkish empire and Circassia Proper, that is, the parallelogmram between Anapa, the rivers Kuban and Laba, and the mountains of ,Elbruz and Cape Fitzunda, about 50 miles to the north of Suchum Kaleh, was more of a religious than a political character, the Sulltan being recognized as the Suzerain Lord by the different tribes rather as the successor of the Caliphs than as Padishah, and, with the exception of a few military establishment3 on the coast, the Ottoman empire could never boast of any possessions in the country. A curious proof that Circassia Proper was always considered by the rulers of the Ottoman empire as independent consists in the fact that that country has been, even before the Russians ever made any claim to it, one of the chief slave markets for Constantinople; which could not have been the case had it been considered part of the empire, as, according to the laws, it is strictly forbidden to sell a born subject of the Sultan belonging to the Alahoniedan religion. It seems to be, therefore, a natural conclusion that the Turks could never cede a right to any otherPower which they never possessed themselves. But, besides this, there exists lilewise no proof of a cession of Circassia in any of the treaties concluded between Russia and the Turkish empire. The treaties previous to that of Adrianople make no mention whatever of Circassia itself; all the arrangements extend only as far down as the river Kuban, which in several treaties is distinctly put forward as the frontier between Russia and Turkey. Thus, the expression in Art. 3 of the Treaty of Kalnardji, "Nations Tartars du Kuban" applies evidently only to the Tartars on the right bank and those in the Delta between the two mouths of the Kuban, as is proved by the boundary convention concluded about the same time between the Russian Governor Tolstoi and Hassan Pasha of Amasia, and the act of the 28th of December, 1783, incorporating the Crimea into the Russian empire, and fixing the Kuban as the limit of the empire, quoted in Art. 2 of the Treaty of Jassy. After these treaties the only mention of that country is in the treaty of Adrianople, where Art. 4 says that "Georgia, Imeritia, Mingrelia, Guriel, and several other provinces of the Caucasus, having been united for many years and for ever with the Russian empire, and this empire having at the same time, by the treaty with Persia at Turlkmantchai on the 10th of February, 1828, acquired the Khanats of Erivan and Nakshirvan, the two high contracting Powers have recognized the necessity of establishing all along their respective States a well-defined frontier ;" and thus a line is drawn " which, following the actual limits of Guriel from the Black Sea, goes up to the frontiers of Imeritia, and from there in a straight line to the point where the frontiers of the Pashalics of Kars and Akhaltzik unite with those of Georgia, having in this manner to the north and inside of this line the town of Akhaltzik and the fortress of Akhalkalaki at a distance of not less than two hours." " All the countries situate to the north and east of this line towards Georgia, Imeritia, and Guriel, as well as the littoral of the Black Sea from the mouth of the Kuban down to the Fort of St. Nicholas inclusively, will be for ever under the dominion of Russia." The appropriation of a whole country without even mentioning it, which seems to be implied by this line of demarcation, can scarcely be considered valid according to the law of nations. Nor does Russia herself base any claim on this cession, for even in late official maps-for instance, that of Felix Fonton, a Government employe, published in 1840-a difference is made between the independent and subject tribes of the Caucasus. Nor was the possession of Circassia recognized by foreign Powers -witness the case of the Vixen, whose seizure, in 1836, was only admitted by the British Government because the vessel had entered SudjakKaleh, in the actual military occupation of Russia, but having belonged to Turkey before the Treaty of Adrianople. By recognizing therefore the independence of the Circassian tribes the stat,us quo ante bellum would be only diplomatically sanctioned, while the denying of it would amount to a recognition of the claims of Russia to the right of sovereignty over the Caucasian tribes, and put her thus in Asia in a far better position than she was before the war. Besides, the recognition of the independence of the Circassian tribes would be only a logical consequence of the neutralization of the Black Sea; for, if this be not a mockery, and Russia will really not be allowed a naval squadron except the few despatch steamers, she has no means of enforcing her claims. A blockading squadron on the coast of Circassia is a condition sine qtu now for keeping a footing on the coast, for scarcely two of the fortresses along the coast are connected by a road along the shore-they are so many isolated points, untenable if there is not a naval power to command the coast. In the address which the Circassian chiefs have brought down they express their desire that their independence should berecognized under thesuzerai2Wj4 of the Sultan. There are two reasons whiclh led to this wish. The first is the recollection of their old nominal allegiance to the head of Islamism. which has grown considerably by the religious move. ment lately arisen under the guidance of the Naib of Schamyl, and the other is the desire of finding sup- po against the threatening political consequences of .this same religious movement. With the exception of the two northernmost provinces of Circassia, Shapsook and Nagoitsk, the feudal power of the chiefs and nobles (Tshecs and Uzdens) has until lately been preserved. The religious movement headed by 'the Naib is directed as much against the feudal power of the nobles as in favour of the revival of Islamism in the mountains, and wlherever his power has been established the opposition of the Tokans or commoners begins to show itself against the hereditary aristocracy. From the first appearance of the Turks on the coast of Circassia, therefore, the nobles rallied round the Turks, and, using the religious veneration of the lower classes for the suc- cessor of the Caliphs, tried to oppose the Sultan's name to that of the Naib; and they succeeded so well, that even the Naib, who had until then worked for himself, began, at least in appear- ance, to work for the authority of the Sultan, and accepted-the. title of Pasha from him. Youi hear of our rades and games over at Scutari Yesterday we had likewise a regatta, in which the crews of all the larger British men-of-war took part; among them those of the Agamemnon, the St. Jean d'Acre, and the Curacoa, which have come in lately. The spot chosen for it was a little below Seutari, where the two last-named steamers are at anchor. The Queen, Admiral Grey's flagship, which has been all the winter at anchor before SaliBazaar, was likewise taken over to the Scutari side for the occasion. Thesethreevessels were so placed as to form an equilateral triangle, with the St. Jean d'Acre as the apex, the Queen on the starboard, and, the Curacoa on the port side. Just in the centre, between the three, was the winning post, a launch, mounting a brass gun, and held against the current by cables fastened to the Queen and the CuraQoa. The course was in the shape of a half ellipse. A merchant vessel, anchored about the same height up as the Queen, was taken as the start. ing point: thence the course ran up the current to a transport steamer, decked out with all her flags, round which the boats had to go; thence the course was diagonally to the port side of the St. Jean d'Acre, and then straight down with the current to the winming-post. It was very well chosen, and afforded opportunity for showing sldll in steering round thetwo steamers, as well asfor displaying strength in stemming the current and speed in coming down with it. The Queen and the St. Jean d'Acre were the centre of the whole performance. Most of the spectators had taken up their posts in one of these, which was decidedly nmore convenient for them, but rather impaired the ensemble of the sight, which would have gained additional interest had, as in English regattas, numbers of boats been skinming along the waters. Admiral and Mrs. Grey did the honours on board the Queen, Captain King on board the St. Jean d'Acre. All the Embassies received invitations for the fete, and two steamers were plying between Topkhan6 and the two vessels to carry the spectators on board. Diplomacy seemed to take more interest in this display on the fickle element than in all the others which have taken place lately, and you could have fancied yourself in a congress, had not the presence of a great number of ladies, a sumptuous lunch, and, above all, no end of Jack's honest face, dispelled such an unpleasant fancy. The whole hierarchy of Pera diplomatists was there, with very few exceptions. So much the more surprising it seemed that neither a French nor a Sardinian naval officer was to be seen, who might have been supposed to take at least as much interest in the performance as diplomatists. The ships were all dressed and manned yards when diplomacy approached. The sight was very gay, the ships looking so trim, the flags waving in the fresh breeze, the marines under arms, the bands playing, and everything. neat as only British men-of-war are. fThe day was rather chilly, and therefore decidedly more favourable to those actively engaged in rowing than to the spectators. Soon after 2 o'clock the first race be,gan, that of the launches, but it did not excite much interest ; besides, it could scarcely be called a fair race, for some of the launches were nearly double the size of the others, and had consequently no chance from the very first. Already, after the first few hundred yards, there could be no doubt that the well-shaped launoh of tho Agamemnon must win the prize, which it did, coninng in, as one might say, in a canter, saluted by the gun at the winning-post. The second race with the barges was very good indeed. The Curacoa, whose men had had a great deal of practice last year in disembarking the Turkish troops at Eupatoria, led, and kept the lead up tothewinning-post. Nearly every succeedingrace rose in interest, until about the middle of the performance the ideas of lunch and dancing gave a different direction-to the spectators, at any rate. About 6 o'clock the whole was over, and the party on board the Queen was broken up; that on board the St. Jean d'Acre was kept up much longer. The 5th Hussars and the 17th Lancers are to embark at Tsmid for England on Monday neit, and the 10th, the only remaining cavalry regiment at Ismid, is coming up to Scutari, where likewise the squadron of the 10th from Kertch has arrived.
THE GRAND PYROTECHNICAL DISPLAY. TO THE EDITZOR OF TBE TIMES. Sir,-I know not what steps the Government intend to take to afford ladies and gentlemen the means of witnessing the fireworks in Hyde Park, but, in case the plan has not already been determined upon, I would suggest that the Kensington-gardens be made to perform the part of reserved seats, or dress boxes, kept select by the charge of 3s. or 4s. for admittance. There may be no " precedent" for such a step, so nobody maybe found to give the necessary instructions; but the plan would probably succeed in gaining a good and comfortable view for thousands who can neither afford to drive in carriages nor to mix with the rabble. "How are we to see the fireworks?'" is a question asked of mne every five minutes. You will perceive that " uee" represent a verv nunierous bodv. Yours. &-o. Kensington. - B. B. B.
BRITISH ORPHAN ASYLUM, CLAPHAJr-BISE. TO THE1 EDITOR OF THE TDMES. Sir,-From the report of yesterday's proceedings at the Southwark Police-court it would appear that a person named William Hobson Aubert has been representing himself as a medical officer of the British Orphan Asylum; and as this statement, if uncontradicted, might be very injurious to our old-established and valuable institution, I am desired by the directors, without delay, to inforn you that no porson of that name is in any way connected with The asyf ;, that the medical officers are all gentlemen of eminence in their profession and of the highest character, and are never required by the directors to visit candidates at their owu resideuces. Requesting the favour of an early insertion of this letter, I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, A:LFRED MACKENZIE, City OfHces, 12, Walbrook, Mlay ;. Secretary.
BRrmsu AND FOr.EiGN BIBI, Socnly.-This society's annual meeting was held yesterday in Exeter-hall, under the presidency of the Earl of Shaftesbury, supported by Lord Teignmouth, the Bishops of Carlisle and Cashell, the Rev; Lord Wriothesley Russell, Dr. M'Clure (from America), Mr. Samuel Gurney, and other friends of the society. Tho noble chairman, in addressing the meeting, referred to the increased openings that were now made for the circulation of the Vord of God, and to the fact that no less than 1,300 copies of the Scriptures in tho Turkish language had been bought by the native Moslems. He congratulated the society on the completion of the Chinese version, copies of which could now be purchased at about 2s. English money, and urged the importanco of petitioning against the encouragement of the opium trade by the British Government, as tending to counteract the efforts made in circulating the Scriptures in China, concluding his address by warmly protesting against the motion now before the House of Commons to obtain "a new. and. improved translation of the En lsh Bible." -It appears from the report that the receipts of the society during the year ending March 31 have, exclusive of the special funds, exceeded those of any preceding year. The amount applicableto the general purposes of the society is 65,6241. 13s. 9d., and the amount received for Bibles and Testaments 63,1001. 16s. 4d.; making the total receipts from the ordinary sources of income 128,7251. 1Os. Id.; being 4,2471. Os. 7d. more than in the lastyear, and 3,0591. ls. 3d. more than in any former year. To the above must be added the sam of 1504 10s. 2d., further contributionsltothe Jubilee Fund, and also 1,5621. 7s. 7d. tothe Chinese3NewTestament Eund;* makng a grand total of 130,4381. Y. lOd. The issues of the society for the year are asfo'Jlows*-From tho depOt at home, 952,145;* from depots abroad, 522,249; total, 1,474,394 copies, being an increase of 23,518 copies over those of last yeavr. A. total of 204,569 copies have been circulated in imumediate connexion 'with the late wvar. The total issues of the society now amount to 30,863,901 copies. The ordinary payments have amounted to 125,0991. Os. Id., and-the payments on accoint- of the Jubilee and Chinese New TestaCment Punds to 9,7141. Os. 9d., making the total *expenditure of the year to amount to 134,8131. Os. lOd. The seciety is under engagements to the estent of 89,9101. 5s. She olaims of the s6ciety were advocated by the Bishop of Carlisle, the Revs. Canons Stowell and- Bickersteth, Lord Teignmouth, and the Rev. Messrs. Spence, landels, Chal-. mere, and Jenkins. : 'UNITED STT.aS' MmNs=.-Mr. Dallas, ill a letter just received, says that the sabject of the differences between England and the United States will be fully discussed in Parliament. He is led to believe that the discus. sion will notbe devoid of acrimony towards this country, butispreparedtobearitlike a philosopher. He mentions 'with partcularity numerous acts of marked courtesy extended to him, including those of the members of the British Cabinet, and regards these manifestations as expressive of a pacilic disposition tovuards this country,-Washington Correspondent of the .ZWei l!ork Hcrale
. FOBEIWSN INTELLIGENCE. [A portion of the following appeared in our seond edition of yeterday-] THE 'EAST. (BY S3 BtAME AND M S TELEAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic detpach from our Marseilles conespondent,- "MARSEILLES, WD.N-SDAY, 1IY 7, 8 .AL "The Carmel has arrived, with advices from Constantinople of the 28th, and from the Crimea of the 26th ilt. D"Despatches leave at 9a.m. "The frigates Prom6th6e, 31ogador, and Reine Blanche have arrived with 1,400 men from the Crimea."
FRANCE. (ml,Ox 0uP OWM-, CORR S'ONDEnT.1 rAKlU3, T UESDAY, MAY 6, 6 PM. I mentioned in one of my letters of the month of November last that Austria had bound herself, in the event of Russia rejecting the propositions of peace, to enter on a more active policy than hitherto. The treatv of the 15th of April, between Enland, France, and Austria, is, no doubt, the expression of that engagement. That treaty comes strangely after the treaty of peace and reconciliation, signed by all the Powers, including Russia, onthe 30th of March. According to this treaty, Russia is presumed to have as much interest in guaranteeing the integrity and independence of Turkey as any of us, and yet, all at once, England, France, and Austria, taking no notice whatever of Russia. conclude a treaty between themselves, to the effect that any infraction of the stipulations of the 30th of March shall be considered as a casus beUi. Moreover, I see in the treaty of the 15th of April a slight contradiction to the last paragraph of the 23d protocol. The paragraph says:- "After which, the Plenipotentiaries do not hesitato expressing, in the name of their Governments, the wish that the States between which a serious difference may arise shall, before appealing to arms, have recourse, ao far as cir. cumstances permit, to the good offices of a friendly Power; and the Plenipotentiaries hope that the Governments not represented at the Congress will adopt the thought inspired by the wish expressed in the protocoL" This is the idea of the Peace Congress, and does honour to the humanity of the Plenipotentiaries; but it strikes one as odd that on the davimmediately following the date of these pacific aspirations another document should be signed declaring war, with no mention of mediation or arbitration whatever, against whoever shall commit an infraction of the treaty of the 30th. A-gain, in the latter part of the 2d article of the treaty of the 15th we have a specimen of what was necessary to be done to get Austria to sigen it. After declaring the infraction a casus 7sei it says, "They (the Powers) will come to an understanding with the Sublime Porte as to the measures which have becomne necessary, and will, without delay, deter3rune among them=selves as to the employment of their military and naval forces." What meanin3g Eugland and France attach to this article it is unnecessary to say. But, supposing the " case of war " occurred to-morrowv, is it not probable that Austria would (unless there be a secret article) act as she has already done, and, instead of declarng war, ask time to deliberate,or else demand that her territory should be guaranteed, before she stirred an inch 9 Whether this would or would not occur the conclusion of such a treaty on the very day after the " Peace Cong,ress" protocol is sing,ular enough. Count OrlofE is, I understand, much of the same opinion; he expresses himself as surprised, and more than dissatisfied, at the act, and complains of being taken unawares. He is also discontented at the publication of the pamphlet of which I sentyou some extracts on Sunday, and neither it nor the treaty of the 15th of April will increase his admiration or affection for Austria. The foUowing private telegraphic despatches have been received:- "BERLINI, MAY 5. " The proclamation of peace took place yesterday in the presence of an immense multitude. Eis Majesty, on his way from the Palace to the Cathedral, was received -with the wannest acclamations. "3 MX 5, EvENnG. "The Prussian Bank has made a reduction of I per cent. in its rate of discount. " The Russian Government has ordered the irreglar troops in the Crimea to be disbanded." The Emperor has ordered the receipts at the Grand Opera yesterday evening, when the Corsaire was- performed, to be--given to the widow of ML Adam, the composer of the piece. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 40c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 75c.; and the new Loan at, 75f. 65c. Orleans Railway shares, 1,405f.; Great1 Northern, 1,135f.; Strasburg, 1,005f. ex. div.; new shares, 910f.; Paris andLyons, 1,465f. ; Lyons tothe Mediterranean, 1,700f.; WesternofFance, 952f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 820f.; Great Central of France, 767f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 825f.; Bmk of oredit Mobilier,],790f.; Austrian railways, 94Tf.50c. Cours Autlcatique.-PAm, May 6.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Halfper Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f.; ditto, second loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 94f. 25c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 94f. 25C.; Four per Cents., S6f. 50c.; Three per Cents., 75f. 74f. 90c. 76f. 7Sf. 5c. 10c. 7f.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (50per cent. paid), 75f 30c. 35c.; ditto, Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 75f.30c. 35c.; Bank of France, 3.9%Of.; COrdt Foncier, 700f.; ditto Obligations of 5OOL, Three per Cents., 397f. 50c.; Credit Mobilier, 1,790£E; Discount Bank, 695f.; Piedmontese Fiveper Cents., 93F. ; Austrian Five per Cents, 90f.; Belgian Four-and-a-:Ealf per Cents., 97; Romans, 91; Spanislh Deferred Converted, 25; ditto Three per Cents., 45; ditto Interior Debt, 41 40 41L Exchange on London, at sight, paper, 25f. 40c.; money, 25f. 38io.; three months, money, 24f. 97Ac. PRUSSIA. (FROA1 OUR OWVN CORRSPON-DE-T.) BEPJJ, MAY 5. Yesterday in all the churches of Prussia as well as of England thanks were offered for the restoration of peace, and in the Dom, or Cathedral, here in Berlin this grateful act took place in the presence of the King, Queen, Royal family, all the Ministers of State,- the high officers of the Court, the corps diplornatique, and a congregation as numerous as the walls of the building could contain. While the TEe Deunz was being sung after the sermon 101 discharges of artillery took place from six guns of the artillery regoiment of the Guards. At the conclusion of the service the King returned on foot to the palace, receiving at every step fresh marks of respect and affiction from the assembled crowd, which formed a thick-set avenue of human beings from one building to the other. On Saturday afternoon, after closing the session of the Diet, the King- returned to Charlottenburg to dine, and as lie was revisiting Berlin in the evening, for the purpose of being present at the performance of the Greek tragedy of Ajax by the pupils of one of the gymnasia, his cariage b;roke down in the Thiergarten, and His Majesty was obliged to return to Charlottenburg on foot. In all garrison towiin, or other towns where military are quartered and artillery is stationed, it has been appointed that this festival of thanlksgiving should be solemnized by the troops and by the firing of three roumds each from six guns. Where th staff of any division is st4ationed the full numbei of 101 gauns was fired, In all towns the festival was rung in by such peals as they could boast of onl the eve, and the anthem itself accompanied du,ring the service by tr umpets, in addition to the organ. Letters from Jassy mention that the Austrian General, Count Coronini, commanding in Mfoldavia, had informed Prince Ghika officially that the Austrian troops of occupation will have evacuated Ibldavia in the course of about six months. A prhposal whlich the Count made at the same time, that the national militia should be strengthened, and a number of Austrian officers be appointed to thit force as instructors, had been submitted to a divan summoned for the purpose of deliberating on it, and- declined. Whether this refusal applied to the first half as well as the second half of the proposal is not mentioned distinctly. ,The Preussische Corresjrozdecvz publishes some further information -with regard to the late excesses of the Mahiomedan population at Nablous, which it has received 'cifl Jerusslent Thi;s population is described as of a rough and fanaticaldisposition, and I to have been of late extremely excited against the Consular agents of the Christian Powers, in conse- quence of the son of a rich pfahomedan havingI been, though only 14 years of age, nominate by the French Consul as agent, with liberty to erect a fagstaover his house. Theimdiatocause of thO outbreak, however, I have already mentioned to you in outline. AA Mr. Lyde, an EngYsh missonay, wag p gsing through the town on the 4th nIt. a deaf and dumb beggar, who enjoys the reputa. tion of a qsu0i saint in those partie beiggd of himi with great importUnity in the open street, iin the course of which he held the bridleofl the missiesary's horse fast, and eventu:ai laid hsold''of hig' nwich was lying across his saddle before him. Whe~nhis patience was fully exlsausted}k. I;ycl endeavoured to extricate his gun from the fanatical mendicant's grasp, and in his endeavour to do so the piece went off, and the man was 'shot on. the' spot. The ahtaomedan population immediately began to collect in groups, calling out to eabch other to hold the infidel fast; he, how.ever, succeeded ill reaching the hou5e of the Scheil;, Ab-dul-hadi, who affiorded him his protection. The mob soon surrounded the house and demanded the srrenader of the offending stranger; the Scheik remained steadfast in his refusal to deliver him up, and, as the house is to a certain extent fortified and the Scheilk is the head of a strong party in the town, the mob was reduced to a passive leaguer of the place. About this time the call to the noon-day prayer was heard from the chief mosque, but when the multitude had assembled there for the purpose of their devotions the Mollah refused to perform the service, because the town was defiled by the presence of the French flag, and the followers of the Prophet were now trodden under foot with impunity by the infidel. The assembled M1ahomedans were -wrought up to fury by these words, and rushed forth from the mosque to the house of the French Consul, who escaped within an inch of hislife; they stormed his house, pulled down the flagstaff, trampled into the dirt the flag that was hoisted in hoinour of the birth of the Imperial Prince, and destroyed everythinc they could lay their hands on. Thence theyproceededto thehouse of the English agent-a respectable Greek Protestant merchant-in his absence plundered his house, maltreated his wife and servants, and killed the merchant Kawar, a gray-headed old man, the father of the Prussian agent, who happened to be there at the time. They then rushed to the street where the Prussian agent lives, but were prevented from entering it by the Mahomedan inhabitants, who had in the meantime armed themselves: foiled in this they wreak-ed their rage on the schoolhouse that Bishop Gobat has built at his own expense, together with all its fittings, and the bell that had been erected only a few days before, with the consent of the authorities. The house of the missionary Zeller, in the service of the Churchz Missionary Society, was next plundered, and then the Greek church. Six Christians in all -were ldlled in this tumult, and many were so severely wounded that their entire recovery is despaired of. Only two days previously Bishop Gobat had visited the town, on his tour of inspecting all the various in. stitutions he has established, previous to his visiting Europe, and had already left the place for Naza'. reth. The missionary Zeller and the heads of the Christian congregation there, among them the English and Prussian Consular agents, had, out of respect to the Bishop, conducted him on his road towards Nazareth, and to this circumstance they are indebted for having escaped the fury of the mob. Advices from Warsaw of the 3d inst. mention that the health of the Empress Mother has suf. fered very much in the last few days, and that consequently her intended journey (thither and doubtless also hither to Berlin) must be deferred. In connexion with this alteration of plans the Emperor's visit to Warsaw must also be postponed; and it seems really as if some adverse fate lurked behind every plan for the gratification of the War.- sovians in their longing to see 'the Emperor among them. Dr. Waagen, so well known in England aS a connoisseur of pictorial art, is about to visit England again for the purpose of completing the fourth volume of his T'reasur7es of Art. RIJSSIA. The Emperor Alexander II. has addressed the follovwing rescript to Count Nesselrode - "Count Charles WassilEiwitsch.-The career of 60 years you have gone through is marked by numerous and im. portant services which you have rendered to tha throne and to the country. You have been the constant feflow-labourer of two august monarchs-the Emperor Alexander L, and may august father, of glorious memory, who in their foreign policy had no other object in view than the maintenance of treaties and the consolidation of the peace of Europe. When, recently, war burst forth suadenly, you fulfilled my intentions, when you endeavoured to calm public opinion, which was alarmed re. specting the ambitious views attributed to Russia, and by the judicious manner in which you acted -within the limits of your duties you contributed to the work of peace, hap. pily accomplished. In relieving you, at your request, of the management of the Alnistry of Foreign Afsirs, I consider it a duty to express to you on this occasion from my innermost heart all the gratitude I feel for the care and labour you have bestowed in the course of a career as long as it has been worthily filled. Being desirous of consolidating peace byeultivating friendly relations withforeign States, I am convinced that by leaving you the title of Chancellor of the Empire I shall fnd in your experience the most useful help for the realization of the object I have in view. In expressing my special favour towards yolt (bicnreiWance particu7irc7), I confer upon you the portrait set in diamonds with the effigy of my father of glorious memory, added to my own, to be worn at the buttonhole with the riband of St. Andrew. 'I remain, invariably yours affectionately, IIALEXANDER,.' TAiLY. The Risorqimeido of Turin of the 3d inst. pub. lishes the following letter, received by Count Cavour:- "Turin, April 27, 1856. "Sir,-Inthe Congress of Paris you raised your voice in favour of Italy. 'Whetheryour words be productive or not, of advantageous results for our common country, *e, the undersigned, natives of Naples and Sicily, do not thank you the less for your exertions. The future vill show that, if your advice was free and generous, it was also politic and wise. Accept, Sir, the assurance of our esteem and gra. titude." The Fiedmonfase Gazetice says:- " Independently of the 200 pieces of artillery bestowed by the English Government on the Sardinian army, it has also courteously presented it with the English batterie3 which the Sardinian artillerymen manned at the battle of the Tchernaya. This present, offered by a friendly nation, must have been joyfully received by our army. Those guns, as well as the 200 others and different articles assigned to the Sardinians as their portion of the conquered 7nzatriel, which are now being embarked for Piedmont, will prove a valuable token of the honourable participation oE our soldiers in that campaign." The Opinione considers the interpellations of ML. Buffa with regard to the Treaty of Peace not only as opportune, but also as necessary. It says:- " The perusal of the protocols does not suffice to gratify the legitimate curiosity of the country. Those docunents are more important for what they conceal, or give to understand, than for what they state. Nevertheless, thepublication of those protocols is an act of high morality, of which nopre. vious congreqs has set the example. For the first time, X Diplomatic Congress has admitted the grievances of the oppressed, and consequently encouraged their exertions to assert their independence and liberty. The merit of that justification belongs by right to the Sardinian Plenipoten. tiaries, for, had Sardinia not been represented in the Paris Conferences, it is highly probable that Italy would have been no more thouglht of than China." Commander Luigi MIossi, Secretary-General of the Foreign Department, has been appointed Minister Plenipotentiary and Consul-General of Sardinia at Constantinople, and Baron Romalldo Tecco MEnister Plenipotentiary at the Court of Spain.
LAW P REO21. COURT OF CEAWERY, 'aCOLj',s. MY 7_ - HE SUITOR' UD AD T R E - ~~~~~~FVN-- - DEVO7 O kL%elorf the LORD (CTr .v i i the mronth of'July, 1p53, a pension of 9161i a-yead wtas granted to Lord Devon as compensation for the l.Es of i zinecure office he tlen held-namely, that of patentee of the ovbpcena office. The object of the petition, which was prooanted by a judgment creditor of Lord Devon for 1951., who had a chaIging order upon the annuity, was to obtain aoatop order to prevent any portion o it being paid to Lord - Devon. Mr. Nichols appeared for the etition. xr. SOUTHGATE, for Lord Devon, opposed the applicat tion on the ftound that by an order of this Co rt, made in ~ovmhe, 153,on he etiionofG. C. Glyn and B. aomnui t hbe paihole L nord ty wason u tirethe f th e paid to J. . resfild n ertintrutstinera dedof March, 842. Int, aitiont casjudie was noto wi th e o eaning of th3re statutesgiing to theudssigmnlentcedito threlief asked Mr. Taylor appeared for the Suitors' Fund. The Lot) CHAir_cELLoP. said, he!saw no harm in making _ }LtP.IURISOX' V. GVE,T. This p pec heard appeal froli a decree of Vice-Chancellpor ainderngleycostsio the apcainder of the day nithout being thr. SC.oNst totnd pr. SILe e were heard in vmpport of the decree. 3 Befiore the LORDs JsgTicEs of A 1 -4) MT ]UNKErUPTcY -M TIlE IL'LTTEIL OF %VILlLU%3 P4113M. Or. DE GeX d enewed ris appeiation for leave to appeal tthe House of Lords against the fornier deciion of the dourt of Appeal, delraingonte authority ofthe8th bection of the RanKroipt Laiv Consolidation Act. Mr. DANIEL (in anrSer to a weestion from the Bench) fld that thelearnedeCommissionerhad.now-made anadjudiviation of bankruptcy against Mlr. Pahnier. Lord Jrstice TILoEgs-As that iC so, the more regular Course wEl be for the bankrupt to appeal tothisCourt athenst the adjudication, agd if we sfould decidesin his favour there opl, be no need for auoappeal to the House of Iords. Mr. DE GEX.-In that case the present appncation will stind over. Lord Justice Trun;ER.-ASe give you, thr. De Gex, no encouragemenad that if wee shall decide in favour of the adjudifavuon we swall give leave to appeal to the House of Lords. That is at quite distinct question. hfr. DE GEX.-Nor do your Lord-hips discourage it. Lord Justice KXIGHT BRUcE-The present applicationoi dll stand over, and the bankrupt will have an opportunity, Lf so advised, of appealingto us against the adjudication. After that is decided, the other question will be still open Mil Archibald Smith appears, with Mr. Daniel, forthe petitioning creditor.
VICE-CHAXCELLORS' COURTS. MA&Y 7. DDIfSDALLE V. D1lISDALE. tBefore VIee-Chancellor Sir FL T. KRLERBsLEFY.) *ifie object of this suit is to set aside certain deeds, whereby considerable property wvas dealt with upon the coning of age of the plaintiff, the entail being cut off, and 5 resettlement and new arrangement made respecting it, the relative interests of the plaintiff and his father, Baron 3)inmsdale, being in a great degree altered by such arrangemnent. The ground upon which the transaction 'was sought to be upset was, that the plaintiff had been taken advantage of, and the influence and advantage possessed by his father amfairly made use of to his detriment. Mr. Lee and Mr. Prendergast appeared for the plaintiff; the Solicitor-General, Ihr. Baily, and Mr. J. H. Palmer for Baron Dimsdale; and Mr. Giasse, Mr. Shapter, Mr. L. Webb, Mr. W. R. A. Boyle, dir. Mylne, Mr. Bird, and Mr. Hawkins for the other defendants. Mir. Lee was heard in reply. Akt the concltusion of the argument, The VICE-CILr.NCELLOR said that he should wish to look into the papers and authorities before deciding the case. (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. WOOD.) BE 'vRIGGT'S TRUSTS. The VICE-CMUNCELLOR gaye judgment in this petition, whichwas argued during the sittings before Easter term, and has been already reported, as to thefacts and arguments, in The Tinze.s. His Honour said that the question arose as to the claim of a lady to share in a gift, under the will of the testator, Joseph Wright, of a sum of 4,5001. stock, lequeathed "unto and equally between or among all and every the child and children of the said William Wright (the testator's son) who shouild be living at the time of his decease," a life interest in this sum of stock having been previouqly given to William Wright. At the time of his death William Wright had two daughters by a former marriage, and the question arose as to the claim of a third daughter born, in France, of a French woman whom WilIiam Wri ht did not marry until nearly20 years afterwards, it being contended that the effect of this subsequent marriage was to render the lady thus claiming legitimate. With respect to the facts of the case, it was clear that William Wright, who was a person of eccentric habits, had an English domicile of origin. He went to Scotland, -where he married, and afterwards returned to England, 'wherehe established himselfforsomneyears. His wife died in 1S21, at Collumpton, and at this period his English domicile was beyond doubt. Finding himself considerably in debt and involved while his income was very small, he broke up his establishment, and, under a feigned name, went across to Dunkirk, clearly wvith the view of avoiding is creditors, though no doubt with an honourable intention f ultimately paying them, wvhich he had in fact done. His arival in France was in July, 1S23, and he had shortly ifterwvards become acquainted with the mother of the claimlant, wsho wvas horn in December, 1S24. His domicile :emained English at the time of the conception and birth of this child, therebeing only one slight circumstance to cause any doubt, and this did not happen till 1S32, when he declared his intention of staving in France, and stated his preference for that country. The attempted ceremony of marriage before the English minister at St. Omer, which as altogether ineffectual, w-ent to show his intention of retaining his English domicile. After going to Paris he took a house upon lease at 500f. a-year, and although there wvas EOme trace of his intention to fix his domicile in Fran ce, it would not answer any purpose to direct any further inquiry as to domicile, for there was nothing to show that William vright's domicile was other than English at the time of the conception and birth of the child, and whatever his subsequent domicile might be no legitimization of this child born out of wedlock would take place. It might be :ssumed that William Wri'ht was a domiciled Frenchnian in 1S41 and 1846, the dates of his going through the mar-iage ceremony with the mother of this child-first in the EngEsh, and then in the French form. It was clear upon the authorities that the law of domicile was carried with him by the party into any foreign country where he might happen to reside, and it signified nothing as to a mnarriage being celebrated in a foreign country, the civil consequences of such marriage being regulated by the law of the country of the domicile. In other words, as to all personal contracts the law of domicile mustprevail. If by the law of domicile of the parents a subsequent marriage would not render legitimate a pre-iously horn illegitimate child, such child would not become legitimate, the domicile of the pa.nts being the same, from the marriage taking place in a country according to the laws of which such subseauent marriage would render legitimate a previously born child. The converse case had been decided in France (Conte dui Quesnoi's case, 1668), that if a child were born in France, where he would become legitimate by a subsequent marriage, he will become legitimate bysuch sabsequent marriage although it takes place in England, where the law is different, and a subsequent marriage does .ot render a child horn out of wedlock legitimate. WVhat, theni, was the effect of the French la as to legitimization bysubiequent marriage? Looking at the Roman law as adopted in France, independently of the CoeedNapoebon, the matter was put upon the footing that the subEequent marriage evidenced a contract between the parties at the time of conception, and this inchoate contract, ivhen perfected by subsequent marriage.was referred back to the time of its inchoation. So clearly was it put upon a contract that if the father of the child were married at the time of conception, although his wife died before the birth, the child could not be rendered legitimate; and so in other cases, if any disability existed at the time of forming the contract, such disability remained, and the child could not lie subsequently legitimatized, even though the woman -were entirely ignorant of the fact that such disability existed. So, also, if it were not proved that the child was the hus!band's own, the Court would not legitimatize it, as in the rase mentioned in Merlin (R4pertoire Universel et Baisonss,6 dc J-i-isdencc) of a man who stated, as to the parentage of a child which he sought to render legitimate, "qis'i ,71 czxait un 60os part." Thus much as to tie French law. By the English law a child not born in wedlock as 7fihr nzllhim, anI it was impossible to render it legitimate by any process. The offspring of any woman not married could not be attributed to any fatler except for criminal purposes, or to obtain a bastardy order; its connexion with the father for any civil urpose being simply zero. Then, as to the law to be applied to the child of a domiciled Englishman which was born in a foreign country of a woman of that country, the case was reculiar in its circumstances, nor was the question presented in it determined by " Shedden v. Patrick" (reported in 4, Wilson and Shaw App.; and cited in 9, Bligh, 7 Clark and Firnelly, &c.); the indelibility of bastardy having been scarcelythere considered, though it had been in " M1unro v. Ismnro."' [Eis Honour read extracts from the judgment of Lord Cottenham (7, Clark and Finnelly, page 872, &c.), the result being that the place of the child's birth had nothing to do with the question, which was governed by the d*omicile of the parents.] In this case the child was t;hat of a domiciled Englishman, and the fact that the mother was French was immaterial; could then the legitimacy of such a child, though born of any woman in any country, be affected by the law of the country in which it might happen to be born? Doubts had evidently been floating in the minds of the judges as to the condition of the child being affected by the place of its birth, but it seemed to be established that the accident of country did not affect the question, but the domicile of the parents. She case was identical with that of an Englishman having a child by a French woman in this country, and afterwards attempting to legitimatize it by obtaining a domicile in a foreign country. Then, as to the contract, such a contract could not be entered into between an Englishman bound by the laws of his country and a French woman, and it was imnaterial that the woman was ignorant of this law. 'Upon the whole the case was concluded by the current of authorty, and it must be held that this child was illegitimate. t didnot further appear that the requisitiot of the French law as to legitinuization had been observed. His Honour referred to the provisions of the Code Cihile and M,erlin's Repertoirc; .and, after observing that hehad notoeen much assisted by the opinions of M. Cremieux and the other French adyomates, said that the ingonvenience would le xtreme if he were to hold that a domici ed Englishman could, by becoming 'domicieled in France, legitimatize an illegitimate childi born in tlht country, and thus change the existing lan'. The consequences of such a doctrine Would be frightfuL According to the law of England the gift in the testatoer's will was to legitimate children only, nor ought the father of legitimate children to be allowed by residin" in a foreign country to change their position, by introducing his illegitimate children to share with them. lie had no hesitation in refusing to grant any further inquiry asto the domicile of William 5Mright at the time of his marriage in Paris, and the claim of this lady must be disallowved.
COURT OF QUEN'S RENCH, WESTMINSTER. MAY 7. X RPE -. AN ATTORNEY. (Sittiizgs in Banco, b6efore Lord CAtIPBELL, and Justiees WIGHTSfIA, ERLE, and CRO31PTON.) Mr. MrCaLFE moved for a rule calling upon an attorney of this court, whose name was not mentioned, but who was described as the Secretary to the Society for the Suppression of Vice, to answer the matters of an affidavit. The applicant was William Dundale, who had been indicted for selling indecent prints in Iolywell-street. It had been observed as an extraordinary circumstance that, although the occupiers of several houses in Holywell-street had been indicted and convicted, the practice continued, and prints of the same description were still exhibited and sold as before. The reason of this was, that there were certain of the houses which were favoured. Lord CAnPBELL.-You impute misconduct to him as an attorney. Mr. MFTCALFE said he did so. The Society for the Suppression of Vice had instituted a prosecution againstWilliams Dugdale, and the indictment had been removed for trial to this court. That societv, undoubtedly, included some persona of the highest respjnsibility, among whom might be mentioned the Earl of Shaftesbury; but amoong its agents there were persons of a different class, and there was reason to believe that, in some instances, money had been paid by parties to the agents of the society in order that they migbt not be prosecuted, and that when money was not paid they were prosecuted. Lord CArPnELL.-They levied black mail? Mr. M-rcALFn said that it appeared tha.t the system continued as before, notwithstanding the fact that tvo persons, William Dugdale and Joseph Bosworth, were prosecuted. Dngdale's affidavit stated that, while those indictiments were Pending, the attorney for the prosecution consented that Boswerth should be liberated on bail. The consequence was, that he (Bosworth) was discharged from custody on the ig ht before the trial was to come on. On the day of his tl Bosw,orth did not appear; but he was, nevertheless, tried, and, being convicted, both he and Dugdale were sentenced to two years' imprisonmuent. Dugdale was imprisoned, but Boswvorth w.as never taken, and he soon alter returned to his house in Holywell-street, and there carried on his business as before. He vwas there tothe knowledge of the attorney against whom the present application was made, and making it his boast that he was undergoing his imprisonment in his own house. He said he had *'squared it" with this attorney, and that that was the reason wvhy he w.as there. after about two years another gang of these parties w.as taken up and indicted at the Middlesex Sessions. Aong these there vwas a mamnamed Duncombe, who had also been convicted in this court, Bosworth, and three or four others. Duncombe was convicted, and all the others pleaded guilty. Upon this the Assistant-Judge asked the attorney for information as to the prisoners. The attorney then infonned the Judge that Duncombe had been sentenced to two years' imprisonment, but he said not one word as to Bosworth, thouglh he must have knownthat he (Bosworth) was indicted and convicted at the same time, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment. The Court, in coinsequence, passed a sentence of six months' imprisonment on Duncomoe, and of two months on the others, including Bosworth. The learned counsel then read the applicant's affidavit at length. lord C2UPBELL.-The affidavit supports the statement made, and charges that the attorney has perverted the criminal law for improper purposes. You may take a rule. Rule 2lisi granted. TIIE QUEENT V. THE JUSTICES OF -MIDDLESEX. In this case a rule had been granted to showv cause -why certain justices of Middlesex should not issue their warrant to enforce payment of a rate assessed on a person named Peacock in respect of certain ex eases incurred by ,the Board of Surveyors of the ni_hways at Hornsey, in covering over an open drain. -t appeared that in Maynard-street, Hornsey, there was an open ditch used as a drain by the occupiers of the houses in Maynard-street, and, being a nuisance, the Board of Surveyors, exercising the powers conferred upon them by the Nuisances Removal Act (the 18th and 19th of Victoria, chap. 121), covered over the drain, and then made a rate on the owners of the property of 6d. in the pound to defray the expense. On the same day a resolution wvas passed to the effect that any party rated muight compound for the rates by the payment of four years' annual payments-otherwise the rate was to be perpetuaL Mlr. Hosvat now show,ed cause against the rule, and contended that the Court ought not to compel the payment of a rate which the resolution passed the same day made perpetual. Mr. Aspland, who appeared in support of the rule, was not caUed upon. Lord CAM1PBELL said, he thought the resolution about compounding was not a part of the rate, and that the rate was not rendered bad by the resolution. The other Judges being of the same opinion, the rule was made absolute, without costs. LANE V. THE GOVERNOR AbED COMIP'ANY OF TEE AMUM OF ENGLAND. Sir F. KIELLY said, the plaintiff in this action was now brought up by hiabcas cowpus in the custody of the Sheriff for Glocestershire to answer interrogatories. It appeared that in the year 18.54 an action had been brought by Lane against the Bank of England to recover a quantity of stock belonging to a gentleman who had died 40 years ago. The plaintiff, by a series of irregularities, had issued execution against the Bank for no less a sum than 139,0001. ; but,on application to this Court, the whole of the proceedings had been set aside on the ground of irregularity, and ultimately an order w-as made for the plaintiff to deliver up the judgment paper. That order had not been done up to this day, and the plaintiff had disobeyed every order which had been made upon him. A rule was afterwards made absolute for an attachment, but the Bank forbore for some thue to execute it. But it had at length been executed, and the plaintiffwas now in custody. He was now brought up by habeas cMsIM to have interrogatories e-xhibited. He (Sir F. Kelly) would be content to leave the case in their Lordships' hands, but the plaintiff had obtained credit with several persons by the production of the judgment paper. Mr. VsEsBsy, who appeared for the plaintiff, said, there was no doubt the plaintiffs conduct had been contumacious and improper; but he had now placed himself in the hands of a respectable solicitor who was giving him the best advice, and he (Mr. Welsby) only hoped he would follow it. Lord CAnsBELL here called upon the plaintiff, and asked him if he was willing to give up the paper? The plaintiff said he was willing, and eventually produced it from a large bundle. Sir F. KELLY said, the plaintiff had written letters of a threatening character, and he hoped the Court would require the plaintiff to give sureties for his good behaviour. It was ultimately arranged that the plaintiff should enter into his own reco,nizances to appear when called upon, and to be of good behavour for 12 months. This being done, the plaintiff was discharged. LIVINGSTONE V. HALLS.- When this case came on to be argued this day, Lord CAasrnaELL said that, as the opinion of the jury had not been taken on the existence of a custom on the CornExchange as affecting the contract sued upon, the rule had tetter be made absolute for a new trial. Rule absolute accordingly. WICEENDEN V. V EBSTER. This was an action of ejectment on the ground of a forfeiture for breach of covenant contained in the defendant's lease, whereby he had covenanted not to carry on " any public business" in a house, No. 7, Valentine-terrace, Blackheath, but thiat it should "hbe used solely as a private dwelling-house." At the trial it appeared that the house in question had been let to a Miss Elder, who carried on there a small day school for young ladies. Dancing was taught and bills to that effect had been posted up in windows in the neighbourhood. A large bill had also been suck up at the Deptford Institution, notifying that Miss Elder had classes for dancinr in connexion with that institution, and that she "lad opened for the season for the practice of all now and fashionable dances." The question was whether this amounted to a carrying on of a " public business" in the house, so as to entitle the lessor to recover as for a forfeiture. The next door neighbours were called, and said they had no occasion to comnlain of any nuisance, for though they heard the music they did not mind it. The plaintiff obtained a verdict, but the present rule was subsequently granted. with a view to reverse it. It was stated that theplaintiffwas onlylessee, and that hewas bound by his lease not to cany on " any business" in the house, and that his motive for bringing the action was to save himself from ejectment. In the sub-lease the word " public" had been inserted, but not without his knowledge and consent. Mr. M. Chambers, Q.C., and M1r. T. Chitty now showed cause against the rule, which was supported by Mr. Bovill, (?-C., and Mr. Jacobs. In the absence of Lord Campbell, who had vithdrawn for a short time in order that he might pay his respects to Her Majesty, The Couv.T decided that the rule ought to be discharged. The question was whether the business of a schoolmistress, conducted as this was, was a "public business?" It was a dancing academy, and, from the bills which had been pxublished, it appeared to be a business carried on in a public way and upon an ex;tensive scale. Their Lordships were all of opinion that the verdict for the plaintiff ought to stand. Rule discharged. BAIL COURT. (Sittings in Bunco before Mir. Jutstica COLERIDGEn.) The Court disposed of a number of motions, but none of them involved any feature of general interest.
COURT OF CChMOO0 PLEAS, WEST=STER. MArY 7 COSMDMVE V. CAROLL. (Sittings in Banco, Ea5stcr Tcrm, before Lord Chief Justice. J.Ni,and Justices Cru-SxvuiL, CsROwinE, '.and WILLES-.) 'the COU1RT to-day gave judgment in this case. The ques tion was whether secondary evidence of a charterparty could be given in evidence, the charterparty having beeA lost, and there being no proof that it had been stampedl The Lord Chief Justice rejected the evidence. The CoURT were of opinion that the onus p-obanc7d Iay upon the defendant to prove that the charterparty was unstamped, and in the absence of any such proof it must be presumed to be stamped, and secondary evidence of it was, therefore, admissible. The rule for a new trial must, therefore, be made absolute.-Rule absohlute. lHODGSOfl V. PARKER. The COURT also gave jidgment in this case, and discharged the rule. HUDSON V. CLESSEETSON. The argument in this case was resumed to-day. Mr. Watson, Q.C., Mr. Mill, Q.C., and Mr. Mllward having been beard to show cause, Mr, Temple, Q.C-, and Mr. vdall were heard in snpport of the rule. The action vas on a charterparty, by which. the shi Forerunner was chartered to take in a cargo of pMorrison coke at the Sunderland Dockcs in "regular turn in the-ens-: toifary manner." -The action was brought to recover damages for detaining the vessel beyond a reasonable time, and it was sought by the defendants! counsel to explain the.' meaning of the words in the charterparty, "to be loaded in regular turn in the customary manner," by evidence, showing that there had been no detention, and that the vessel was loaded in her proper turn. Mr. Baron Martin, at the last Liverpool Assizes, rejected the evidence, and a verdict was found for the plaintiffi A newtrial having been moved for for misdirection and improper rejection of evidence the case was decided to-day. The LORD CHIEF JUSTICE was of opinion that on the whole the rule for a new trial must be made absolute. The question arose-what was the meaning of "regular turn" with reference to the breaches in the declaration?! and he did not see where the evidence was as to the breach in not loading the vessel in the regular turn. It was quite possible ihat if the defendant had been allowed to go into evidence be might have shown that the vessel was loaded in regular t1 urn. The Court thought Mlr. Baron Martin right as to the strict ruling at the time the objection wvas made; but on the whole the Court thought there ought to be a newtril on payment of costs. The other learned judges concurring, Rule absolute for a newv trial accordingly. (Sitings at Nis! Prius, at Westminster, before Hir. Justice WI.ms and Common Juries.) SHEDDONT V. YOUN'G. The trial of this cause, which wvas partly heard yesterday, was resumed this morning. Mr. Charnock appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. G. Denman was counsel for the defendant. This was an action to recoverthe sum of 281., alleged to be due for 50 Spanish colt hides, sold by the plaintiff to the defendant. The defence was that they had been bought by sanple, and not in bulk, and that wlhen delivered they were found to be inferior to the sample shown. The jury retired to consider their verdict, and ultimately found for the defendant. SPanGi V. ATTvENsonlUGn. Before this cause was called on Mr. KEA=tx rose and Etated to the Court that, if tried, it would occupy a longer time than (taldng into consideration the fact that the learned judge usually rises about 3 oclock) would admit of its termination this day. Mr. Justice WILtmnrs said that he would. only take a short case, and "1 Flack v. Banmbart" having been called onno attorney appeared. The case, therefore, next in order wvas taken, whichproved to bean action of ejectment brought to recover possesason of a house, No. 19, Cock-lane, Smith, field, during the trial of which no point of the slightest interest arose.
COURT OF EXCHEQUERP, WEDNESDAY, MAY 7. TAYLOR V. ROBERTS. (ziUtWzgs in manco.) Mr. Serjeant THnoms moved for anew trial on the ground of misdirection. The action wvas one of trover for certain household furniture, to which the defendant pleaded, "N ot Possessed." At the trial before Mr. Baron Martin in the adjoining court yesterday it anpeared that the plaintiff had deposited the goods in question with the defendant just before going through the Insolvent Court, and the point now raised for the opinion of the Court was, whether the learned baron had correctly ruled that they passed to the insolveRt's assignees, on the ground that the insolvent, who claimed them as " excepted articles," had not complied with the requisites of the Insolvent Act, the 7th and 8th of Vic. teria, chap. 96, sec. 9, by which it is enacted that all insolvents shall retain " excepted articles"' to the value of 201., provided they insert in their schedule a full and true description thereof and of their respective values. It appeared that m the part of the schedule where tho "excepted articles" are usually claimed and described, the insolvent had inserted other articles to the amount of 51., in respect of which no question arose; and that in another part of his schedule lie had stated that certain articles of household furniture belonging to him, of the value of 151., had been deposited with the defendant, who claimed a lien on them (which was disputed), and that such goods were "excepted articles" within the act. This description was held to be insufficientto directthe assignees, inasmuch as the act required a specification and valuation of each article; and that being so, the plea of the defendant was made out, and the goods now claimed by the plaintiff were not his property. It was now contended that this ruling was incorrect, and that the plaintiff had brought himself within the provision of the act by giving the general description and value of the goods, which was, indeed, all he could give, as they were notin his possession, and that the Insolvent Court having allowed the claim they were his property. The COURT, however, was unanimously of opinion that the proviso of the act required a strict and literal compliance with its term nsi order to give an insolvent the right to retain any of his property from his creditors under the term " excepted articles." The proviso had not been so complied with, and there was no ground to complain of the ruling of the learned baron. Rule refused. RAILWAY CARD-PL.AflG.-M- RE J,AMLES FREESTONE. In this case, which was mentioned the other day, MAr. METCAITE now moved that the prisoner, who had been brought up on a rule nisi for a -writ of habeas corpe; should be discharged, on the ground that the conviction under which he was detained in the gaol at Lewes was informaL No one appearing to defend the conviction, that instrument was read, when it appeared that the prisoner had been convicted of "playing in a certain open and publid place, to wit, a third-class carriage, used on the Brighton Railway, witha3 certain instrument, to wit, cards, at a certain game of chance called 'odd man?"* The CHIEF BAIrorq-Under what act is the conviction, and what are its supposed defects? Mr. METCALFE.-The act was the 5th of George IV., chap. 83 (the Rogue and Vagabond Act), the fourth section of which enacts, inte- ala, that " every person playing or betting in any street, road, highway, or other open and public place, .at or wvith any table or instrumoent of gaming, at any game of chance, shall he deemed a rogue and vagabond, and may he committed to the house of correction for tbree months, with hard labour." The first objection was, that a railway carriage was not an open and public place within the act. Mr. Baron MARTrr.--Has it not been held by Lord Campbell that an omnibus is a public place within this act? Mr. METc sLFE.-Yes; but that was a case of indecent exposure, in the presence of the passengers, in a public carriage, in a public highway. Mr. Baron ALDnBsOu.-If the carriage was in a highway and the man was in it, I suppose he was also in the hi-hway. Yir. METcA'FE.-That might be the reason of that decision; but this conviction does not allege that the carriage was a public carriage, or that it contained passengers, or was in a public highway, admitting that a railway was a public highway. For all that appears onthis conviction, the prisoner might have been alone in a carriage belonging to the railway which was shunted off the line and was covered utp under a shed, in which case it could not be .said to be an open and public place within the spirit of this act; those words being confined by the preceding expressions, " street or highway," to niean open places ejusdenz geenso-i accordine to the well-known rule for the construction of statutes. lf this conviction could be supported it might follow that four baristers, beguilng the tedum of a long railvay joumey, +while on circuit, by an innocent game of whist, or two friends amusing themselves with a game of dcartg in a private carriage in Regent-street, would be liable to be convicted as rogues and vagabonds, and committed for three months to the house of correction. The CHiEF BAEoN.-The railway is a public bighway beyond all doubt. If a man were by powerful artillery to bring a train to a standstill and rob the passen. gers, I take it he would be guilty of highway robbery. MIr. Baron ALDERSON.-Or if a passenger travelling op. posite to you in a railway carriage were to pull out a pistol and call upon you to "deliver," that would be highway robbery too. MIr. METCALFE assented to both the propositions put from the bench, but still the objection remained that this conviction ought to have alleged that this carriage was so situated as to constitute it " an open and public place." The CunEF BARON.-We need not trouble you to go into the other points, for we are all of opinion that this conviction, as it is framed, cannot he sustained, and that consequently your client is entitled to his discharge. Without saying whethler plaving at cards in a railway carriagDe is or is not an offence within this act, we all think that this conviction does not show this offence to have been committed in an open and public place within the act under which it proceeds. For all that appears on this conviction the carriage might have been at the time the play took place in a situation off the and in a shed line where it would certainly not be an open and public place within the act. Mr. Baron ALDERSON.-I am of the same opinion. It may be that if the conviction had alleged that " the carria e was then and there running and being used on the said rail. way," it would have been good; but f abstain from giving ary opinion on that point, it being sufficient to say that tha conviction as it stands is bad. Mr. Baron M-ATIN also agreed, but added, "I don't at all mean to say that a man who games in a railway carriage wvhile travelling would not fall within this act." Mr. Baron BRAM%Nn L.-I quite assent to the decision of the Court in this case. This conviction ought to have con. tained such an allegation as has been pointed out, Rule absolute accordingly.
I CONSISTORY COURT, WnD?,sDAy, MAY 7. DAVIDSON V. DAVIDSON. tjsGorC .r. JUSHINGTON.) T'his was a suit promoted by Mr. M. S. Davidson against his wife Katherine Ann Davidson to obtain a divorce by reason of adultery. The parties were married on the 20th of February last year. and cohabited together near Bristol, then in Regent's Park, and finally in Paris, where they separated in May. In the libel it was pleaded that Mfrs. Daredson bad been educated in France, that she afterwards paid several visits to that country and formed an acquaintanae with a young Frenchman named Emile Lalonette, which she renewed after her marriage, and with whom she committed adultery; that shortly after the marriage her conduct, which had been extremely affectiobate, underwent a marked change; that on the 15th of May she accompanied her husband to Paris, where they took up their residence at an hotel; that'it was intended to remain there only a week, but Mrs. Davidson took with her nearly the whole of her clothes and all her trinkets, .ic.; that on Mr. Davidson proposing to return to. London she refused to return with him, and assigned as her principal reason that she was a Roman Catholic in heart, and nothing should induce her to leave France until she was admitted a member of that church; that he remonstrated with her upon her resolve to remain in France, but he was obliged to return to England, and she parted -with him at the railway station, apparently on affectionate terms; hat immediately after 'his depaTtre she wasaccosted by ILalonette, who in the course of the morning called upon her at the hotel; that she afterwards went to apartments, where she was visited by Ialonette, and the offence charged comsitted, No responsive plea was given in on behalf of -grs. Davidson;- but an exceptive allegation was tendered to the te6timony of the principal witness-the lady's-maid- and the witniiese produced by. the husband were inter. | Icgste. . 'a . . ._ , -, X ;: rog~. AiDS (with -whom ws -Dr. Bayford) contended,rI -on the part of,Mr. Davidsoni that when two perDons, I -especially in the prime' of life orbomparative youth, wete proved to be so disposed towards-each other as that it vrouila C likely that they would commit adultery if they h3d the: opportunity, then if the opportarity werebrought aboat net casually, but by preconcert or by prearrangement, the ja.- dicial inference was that they availed themselves of it to. commit the act. - That principlewas laid down in " Astley v; A.stley," and "Mlomerton v. Homerton." (1 HEgg. EccL Reports). This casewas precisely-of that descriptios Mr. Davidson's conduct had been most exemplary and was above all possibility of reproach. The only charge against hirm, even by implication, was,- that he had been too kind and indulgent, and had alloweed his wife too much to have her own way. The evidence adduced, Particularly that given by Denman, the lady's-maid, who had been confirmed in every fact she had stated, combined with the correspondence, substantiated the -averments contained in the hel; Mr. Davidson, therefore, vws fully entitled to his prayer. Dr. TwVISS (with whom was Dr. Spinks) submitted, on behalf of the wife, that although she had been guilty. of much imprudence and culpability, considering the circuimstances under which she remained in France, yet there was not that crimnaJity which Mfr. Davidson had been led to expect, and into the truth of which he was entitled to inquire. Notwithstanding the case-was extremely peculiar in all its circumstances, yet it was one in which a reasonable and just majn, beaiing in mind the words of Lord Stowell, in "Loveden v. Loveden," would come, to the condusion not merely that there was a failure of proof of criminality, but a necessary inference of innocence. The relation of Mrs. Davidson to Lalonette was of a totally different complexion from that which his learned friends attached to it. According to the representation of the witnesses she was proud, headstrong, self-willed, determined to go to the right hand when asked to go to the left, highlvi imaginative, and full of poetic sentiment. Corresponding with Lalonette when she had no acquaintance with 3r. Davidson could not prejudice her, and it appeared thatthere was no correspondence with him later than November preceding the marriage. She was in the habit, -when she-went from home, of taking a great many things with her. The lady's-maid, on whose testimony as to her guilt the case so much rested, had declared to one of the witnesses, and also to Mrs. Davidson's mother, her entire conviction of her innocenec. Deniman had so much prevaricated in her evidence that the Court could not rely upon it. alIonette had an official occupation at the railvway, which accounted for his being seen there. Mrs. Davidson's conduct bad not been such as to lead the Court to infer that she had been guilty of adultery. The COURT reserved its judgment. CAPE V. CAPE. This was a suit for divorce by reason of adultery, prosecuted by the wife against the husband, who appeared in form4pa?uperis. Dr. A DDASCs caUled the attention of the Court to the deep injury which the wife had sustained. The husband had disEipated a very large fortune, and Mrs. Cape was now entirely destitute. Dr. WAmBEY appeared for the pauper, and offered no opposition. e learned JUDGE said that he could not enter into the facts stated by Dr. Addams. He would pronounce for the divorce. and condemn the husband-in costs. Dr. W-IBEY urged upon the Court that the husband had been in great difficulties. The learned JUDGE was aware of it, but it was his duty to condemn hiin in costs.
ICOUB?T OF BANKBUJITCY, Baingh7a-tr&d, May 7. I _ _ _ IN RE SA?dUEL SHlEEN. I (Bcfore Mr. mJsioner Gouimunm.1 11ne 18anlcrupt carned on the queen's Arms Tavern, Norwood. It appeared from statements filed in court that the bankrupt had been in business from 40 to 50 years as an mdertaker, and that having,-taken a lease of a burialground in Commercial-road east, he had sustained a loss consequent npon its enclosure by order of Government. Ie had subsequently purchased some property at Norwood and converted the same into a tavern wfith ten-gardens, but here, also he had sustained losses, the Crystal Palace Company having absorbed the supply of refreshments. Notwithstanding these losses his estate now showed assets 2,4571. to meet debts and liabilities to the amount of 2,4241., and the official assignee reported that there would be a dividend .of los., or probably iSa., in the pound for the creditors. The bankrupt passed his examination, Mr. Hn1NDE:RSON for the assignees expressing himself perfectly satisfied with *the accounts.
I ZNSOLVEZiT DDEBTORS COURT, May 6. LN RE BEEJA2= %VMLLA3r TTONMAR fA-RTV- (Bcfore Mr. Com?nis8ioner PmLLn's.) This insolvent was opposed by IMr. Way as counsel for the Waterloo Insurance Company, Strand, and by Mr. Reed for a gentleman named Wright. Mr. MSOnbrey supported. The insolvent had petitioned three or four times, and bad varied his name on each occasion. He now said his name was "Benjamin William Thomas Martin." Bitherto he bad not used the name of "William" in his description. He said he bad been baptized somewhere in Wales but vhere he could not tell. It was elicited that the insolvent had taken a house of 3Mr. Wright, and had signed the agreement in the name of " Benjamin Thomas." MAr. Commissioner PsBrips ordered the insolvent to describe himself as passing by the name of "Benjamin Thomas," and adjourned the case. (Beforc JMr. Commissioner MuRpHY.) LN RE JOITzI FIGGIDN STEPHENS. This insolvent was opposed by Mfr. Sargood and Mr. Reed for three creditors named Lawton, Watson, and Wainman. He had been a draper, trading as "Stephens and Co.," as clerical, army, and navy tailors. He had obtained goods from the opposing creditors and from the other creditors, and had made no payments. The case stood over for the attendance of a Mr. Belcher. The complaint urged was that the insolvent had contracted debts without any intention of paying them. Mr. Commissioner MuRPHY held that tbe insolvent had conducted himself in a manner which showed his disregard of his creditors. In a mercantile country it was necessary to preserve good faith; but the insolvent had been an adventurer, gettig goods and not making any payment. He pronounced a judgment of eight calendar months at the suit of the three opposing creditors for contracting debts wfithout reasonable expectation of payment. M&Y 7. The business of this court to-day was light and of no public interest. The court at its rising adjourned for the -usual Whitsuntide vacation.
POLICE. GUI LL.-Two women, who gave their names as Johanna Keefe and Ellen Donovan, but who upon inquiry were stated to be mother and daughter, were charged w%ith picking pockets in St. Paul's-churchyard. Keefe said she picked the purse up. Remanded until Saturday. MIARLOROUGH-STREET.--John Phillips was charged with stealing a violin from the shop of Jonathan Woolfen, Norfolk-street, MIiddlesex Hospital. The prisoner was seen to take the violin from the front of the shop and mnake offwith it. He was pursued, and finding that he was likely to be overtaken he dashed the instrament on the stones and broke it. Committed to hard labour for one month. William Camplin, a strong built, rough young man, was charged with cruelly beating his wife, Hionora Camplin. The wife, who appeared to be in great mental distress said, shehadbeenmarriedto the prisoner about 10Omonths, and had only been a month out of her confinement. Her husband's conduct was pretty 'good for the first few months, but lately he had been in the habit of Ml-treating her. He had quarrelled with her on Saturday, and had gone away from home. On Monday she was speaking to her sister at the cormer of Gerrard-street, when she saw her husband approaching. Her husband ordered her home, and she o eyed hbi. As soon as he got home he told her he would teach her to go gossipping about, and he then seized her by the clothes, tore her shawl and bonnet to pieces, and beat her about the head with his fist. Her cries brought assistance, and she was saved from further violence. The sister said, she heard the cries of the complainant, and she went to do herbest to stop the brutality of the defendant. She found the complainant being much ill-used by her husband, and the poormfant only a month old being kicked about the floor. The defendant said, his wife threw a jug at him. The wife said, this was after she had 14en struck by her husband. Mr. BnmGaix had no words strong enough to express his abhorrence of a coward who would use his great physical strength against a weak woman, that woman being his wife, and only one month out of herconfinement. He would give him a chance to escape imprisonment, in the hope that what had occurred would be a cauation to him, by inflicting a fine of 40s, MARYIamONE-Mr. John George Edgar, described as a entleman, living at 1G, Melville-terrace, Torriano-square, ,amden-town, was brought before Mr. BROUGGHTON, charged with having committed a rape on Maria- Cotton, a servant in thehouse in'which the -prisoner occupied two parlours. A great deal of evidence was gone into, and it was alleged by the prosecutrix that, between 4 and 5 o'clock in the morning she awoke and found the prisoner in her bed. He had his arm round her waist. She screamed and jumped out of bed, and the prisoner ran away.into the water-closet. The prosecutrix further went into such particulars as tended to show that the prisoner had violated her. She made k;nown to her mother what had taken place,andthe prisoner was given into the custody of Harrison, 160 S. Mr. BROTJGHTO seaid, hc should send the case for the consideration of--a jury. He remanded thc prisoner till Wfednesday next for the completion of the depcositions, burt he was at liberty to put in bail (with 24 hours' notice), himself in 601., and two sureties in o0h. each, for his being forthcoming on the day named. WOREIMP-sTsmET.-Henry Horwood, described as a house decorator, Edward Towers, an unemployed groom, and awoman named Mary Anne Perkins, described asI a dressmaker, were charged with being concerned in the fol]owi3ng extraordinary burglary at the house of a widow lady of property named Isabella Humphreys, residing at Staiforo-hdl; anda third man named Flecier or Fleckheoid was alsoentered upon the charge-sheet as being implieated in the robbery,hbut was too ifllto be brought to the court I in consequence of injuries sustained in the course of it. l Mr. Lewis, of Ely-place, who conducted the prosecution, said,-This is a case of burglary, accompanied with greati personal volence towards the prosecutrix, an elderiy a y, about SO years of age, and also to her young femnale servant, who were the only inmnates of the premises at the time of its corn Isnin It is necessary for me to mention, to -show the thoroughly systematc plan upon which this -turglary was concocted,, that- the prosecutrix, Mrs.-Hum-I phreys, hasforherlegaladviseragentlemannamedRash, in Austinfriars, *ho is'nowpresent; andlthatonEFiday, the 3d of February last, maxn eafd-ofuan the latter of wham! isbelievedltob the femIaeprisoner, caled on the proseiu- ] trix with a message to the purport'that Mr Rush Was very-i inxioUs to see her- imnm telf, as her husband had bjen l 'suddenlyl-takenill at!Salisburyw -It was too inconvenient-l for: M rs. Hnnphrey to .go, and she therefore sent: arit apologetic message, and, havinggiven the man andawoman some .efreshment, they -eftthe house with a promise to caU the next dzy if -3r. Rush should- get worse. The next day.- they did return,land brought this note, purporting to be signedbyMr nsh. ."DearMa am,-Mr. Push has passed averybad night, andwe areallinthegreatestconfusion. 1&be if you cannot comne yourseLf, that youwill send your sevantlimmediatelytotheofficeinAustinfiars, as1hai-esomething very important to communicate to you." Onreceipt of this; Mrs. Hulmphreys resolved to go totown, ordered a fly to take her,kand left, bult refused tolet the girl to with her, although' strongly urged to do so by theinau and woman who brought' the note. Zt{ow, this ws no hsr a-fortunate circumsctancs, as theservant girl afterwards sent for her father, who remained with her till her mistress returned, the latter having in thei mean tirme learned that the note was an entire fabricationx, none of 0 r. Rush's family having written it, aud that gentleman himnself, in fact, being perfectly well. This circumstance proved that a robbery had been plannedto be committed if they could only get the ladv and her servant out of the way, but that it was for thit time thwa+ted by the girl sending for her father to stay withher N3othing more was heard or seen of the thieves till the 25th of last month, buton that night thehousevwas forcibly broken into and ransacked of a large amount of property, nder circumastances I shall prove in evidence, but my ciient unfortunately is nowr in such a state- of health froma the violence to which she was then subjected as to render her attendance here at this exaniination wholly impossible. On another occasion I shall adduce further testimony, but will now call Sergeant langdon, a detective of the N division, who. stated,-I took Towers into custody this morning for being concerned with four others in the coramission of this burglary. At first he denied all knowledge of it, but on the road to the station he said, " Well, I can tell you a little about it. The fact is, a man named Flecker, livmg in tbe Vestminster-road, and a woman named Perkins, livin- in iJon-street, RewKEent-road, keep eompany together, aud are in the habit of visiting mybrother-in-law, in Trafalgarstreet, Walworth. On one occasion my sister had some conversation with this Flecker and Perkins about Mrs. l{umphreys being a very rich wroman, and it was at last agreed that Elecker and Perkins should meet me and my brother-in-law, Horwood, at Kiagmland-gate. We did sO, and agreed to go to Mrs. Humphreys's, where Flecker and Perkmns were to try and obtain an entrance, while I and Horwood remained on the hill. WFe did so, and after a time Flecker and Perkins came beck, saying they could not get in, and we therefore separated. This as about five -or sin; weeks ago, but I know nothing of this robbery myself whatever." On hearing this I lodged him in the station, and sent another officer after Horwood, while I went to take Perkins, which I did at 3 in the morning, in Lien-street. A man in his shirt only answered the door, and when I demanded to see the woman Perkins he told me she was in bed in the front room. I knocked, saying I was an officer, and on hearing that she dressed herself and came out, but in the meantime I found that the man had also by that time dressed himself, and esca;oed ove r the back of the premises. Perkins denied all knowledge of the robbery or what Imeant, and on asking her if she did not know Fleck-er or Fleckhead, she at first said positively " No," but on the way to the station she acknowledged she did know a man of that name, in Palace-street, New Palace-road,i Lambeth, and on my asking her il she knew he was il, she replied " Yes, and he has been sizice last Wednesday fortnight; but don't take me there, for I don't want his wife to knovv that I am acquainted with anythin about it." I then took her to the station, and went to DFeckef's house, where I found a man in one of the top rooms who acknowledged to that name, but he was toe illtoehe removed, and I have therefore left another constable in charge of him. - The woman Perklins.-I deny having denied knowledge of Elecker. Both the male Prisoners.-We know nothing whatever about the robbery; we are both perfectly innocent. Langdon.-Ihave certain informationwhich induces me to believe I can bring further evidence against all, if remanded. I know both the men; Horwood married Towers's sister, and I have known them both some time. Bhiza Cooke, a pretty . d inteligent girl, wiho gave her, evidence with great clearness and caution, said,-I am servant to the prosecutrix, and have lived w,ith her somse time. On the 3d of February a man and woman, the latt^? with her veil down, hut whose stature and appearance resembled those of the woman at the bar, brough6t a message to the house, and the next day a note. On the 24=th of April I lockLed up the house about half-past T, and retired to bed about half-past 9, sleeping in the same room with my mistress. Ne.xt morning early my mistress woke me, saying she heard a noise. I listened, hnd in 10 minutes after heard a noise myself. I isv stil1 till about 6 o'clock, I having heard the noise at daybreak, and went into the parlours, the door of one of which I observed w.as ajar. I went i, and two men imnmediately rushed at me and struck mo on the side of the face. I fell and became perfectly senseless. On recovering I saw one man kneeling at my side, writh a knife in his hand, and a choppe r and a pic Ewood on the carcet close to him. I screamned, and he said, " ilyou be quiet 2" I said I would if he would let me alone. HEe then liftedme up and placed me in a chair. While he wvas doing this another man came in and said something to the first I did not understand, andthen the two seized my hands and tied them with a rope, and next tied my legs separately to the front legs of the chair. They then carried me in this way dow.n to the kritchen, an& en going down I saw two other men. I again lost my ser.ses, and on reviving asked for my shawl, which was hanging up. Tlhey nsked where the plate was? IsaidaUI k;new of was three silver spoons, One man said, " Oh, those are old things." Ahnother held a knife tome, and threatened to cut my thlrost if I did not tell where the money was. I said all I knew of was in the front parlour. They went mm?-stairs, leaving me tied as I was, but came down and sand they wanted refreshment. This they helped themselves to, and then left, and by and byI uinoound myself, Fgot out at the windowv, and gave an alarm. WVhen I went upstairs I found my mistress nearly dead; another five minutes and I am convinced she must hare been so. Langdon.-The lady was tied with a rope round her -wrists, which was then drawn over the clothes and fastened to her ancles, so as to completely double her tsp, and, in addition, pillow;s were placed ever her head and mouth. She is very ill. . h Mr. JYEvxcounv.-How was the burglary effected v Iangdon.-By forcing down a portion of the brick -wall near the kitchen door, and makig an aperture sufticient to let a man enter. The housebreaking implements are 7f a very formidable character and are in my nossession, and also the ropes with which the lady and girl were secured. The property stolen was one gold and one silver watch, a leather purse containing 101. in gold and silver, another purse containing 20 sovereigns, two 6. hank-notes, anda large quantity of plate and arltcles of jewelry, not any of which has been recovered. E;liza Cooke.-hnd 4!-. 15s. of mine, from a workbox in the kitchen. I do not recognide either of the male prisoners, and cannot swear positively to the woman as the one who called with the note. MEr. D'Ev~COunT.-The statement of Towers is not evidence admissible against the others. I shallremand him for a week, but, as the matter at present stands, I must discharge the others, though, at the same time, the ofpicer can do as he likes about them afterwards. Then dSj.-Deinis and John Aarrington, brothers, who have been in custody since the 20th Ilt., were brosught up on remand before Mfr. JADINE, chargeld with cutting and wounding Mary Lynch, an elderlyewoman, who was brought into court, and carried to a seat to give evidence. It appeared from the evidence, that on the night of Sunday, the 20th tilt., a formidable Irish row took place in Stone-stairs-court, ratpliff, between two factions, the Harringtons and the Lynches. Several persons were severely injured, and er. Yardley, after commenting on the dis- aeful reedings of the parties, more particularly on a itlday nigt, andbound over several to keep the peace. The prisoners and Jeremiah Lynch, the husband of trs. Lynch, had been dmrnking together at a publichonse, called the Angel, and were on the best possible terms, although they were very noisy, until y w they wee turned out of the public. house at 31 o'clock at night, when the Efarringtons began skylarkis with Lynch, and at last commenced beating him. Thos was a signal for a "regular Irish row," in which all the people of the court joined. Pntt, a policeconstable. No. 197`X, was called hortly before 12 o'clock by Lynch's son, who said his fatherwas being ill-used by the risoners. Patt went to the end of the court, andcthe brickbats, stones, and other missiles were flying so thick and fast that he was afraid to venture into it without further assistanee. The prisoners and two other men were beating Jeremiah Laynch in a savar e manner, when his wife attempted to rescue him. She was immediately attacked by the prisoners, who beat her withatheir fisth, and kicked her in a brutal manner over all parts of her body. Dennis Harrington struck her twice on thehead with a poker, and his brother John struck her on the head With a stick. She was taken into her house. No. 6. Stone- stairs-court, with the blood streaming from her head, and while she was in her own room wiping the blood from her face a bricl, sent with unerring aim through the -window by John Earrington, struck her on the right temple, ana laid her senseless on the floor of her room. She has been under medical treatment ever since, and was for several days in a most precarious condition, and has received such fearful injuries that she will be disabled for some time. Her husband and son were also wounded and lost a good deal of blood, but the Harringtons did not appear to have received any injuries whatever, although it was asserted by them that theLynches haduseda large hatchet (produced on a former examination) in the course of tho affray. Police-sergeant Campbell, No. 44K, said he took the prisoners into custody at 2 o'clock in the morning of the 21st of -ApriL The court -was in tho greatest possible state of confusion, the pavement covered with blood, and every window in the house of the Lynches shattered to pieces. Mfr. Alexander Carson, surgeon, of Cock-hill, Ratcliff, stated that he was called upon early in the morning of the 21st of April to attend upon M Lynch, whom he found in her room perfectly insensible and weltering in her blood, of which she had lost an immanse quantity. He thought she was dead, and it was some time before she exhibited any signs of ife. She had lost two quarts of blood, if not more Thecre was an incised wound on the temple, dividing a branch of the temnsl artery. There was a clot of blood on the temple, and beneath it warm blood was flowing copiously. Something ike the edge of a brick might have caused that wound. There was another wound, semi-circular in shape, on the head, penetrating to the skull, and he couldlayhis finger on the bone. That might have been inflicted with a poker. The body of the woman wasblack all over. There were 20 or 30 bruises on it. The woman was still in considerable danger. Mr. Stedman, a solicitor, cross-eamained the witnesses, and said he should reserve the defence. Mr. JARDThE ordered Mr. Pyer, the chief clerk, to take the depositions, and committed the prisoners for trial. LA.3Bef-FWeerick Phillipe ea Angular, WILiam- Jacobs, alias Arnold, John er, and. dinardene wEre placed at the bar before Mr. ELLIoTT, on a ebtge of defrauding Mr. lfutton out of four loads and a hal ot clover, valued at 23F. -lr. Nutton, the prosecutor, 'deposed tha, be3ides his pAstxycook's shop, At Brighton, he rented a fam at Rushborough, near lorsham, and having a quantit of meadow hay and clover to dispose of, he caused an advertisement to be insertedin a Sussex paper respecting it, giving a reference to Mr. Green, the person living at his farm. Shortly after the appearance of that advertisement a letter, signed J. . Arnold, o. 8, Arnold's-place, Frances-street,NewXDgton," was receivedby Mr. Green, requesting that samples of the ha.y and clover might be forwarded to him; and if they were such as suited himn he should give a fair price for them, and return a check: for theiamount, v;hen delivered. 13 consequence of this communication, Mr. Green came to town with the samples as requested, and four loads and a-half of clover were subsequeDtly forwarded by rail to the Bricklayers' Arms, and delivered from there to Mr. Arnold or his order on the production of the letter of Mr. Green. Orders were received for more, but, fiiding that neither mniney nor check had been received for that already sent, he cAused inquizies to he made, and found that he ha,d got into the hands of swindlers. t Mr. William Allen Green said that on the receipt of the Erst letter fremn "J. 13. Arnold" he came to town with samples of the hay and clover as requsted by that person, ancl cplledatthe houseNo. 8, Arnold's-place, Frances-street, New. ington, andsawtheretheprisoner, who calledhimstlf Phillips. He inquired for 3Mr. Arnola, aud Phillips sai he was then firom home. He next inquired what he was, andaPhillip replied that he was a coitractor for army clothing, did a great deal of business, and kept two horses. Hefrither said that he resided at B1aiham Mills, Clapham-jo; but was cominp to live at that house (8, Arnold's- place) on the following Tuesaday. The house was at that time empty. He (witness)lefcthe sampleshehadbroughtwith Phillip, and subeequently forwarded 4A loads of clover, for which no money had been received. He also sent another load, which arrived at the Bricl;ayers' Arms on the day before, and waited in the neigabourhood of the station ith a police-constabe to see who came for it. The prisoner Gardener applied for and got the load of clover, on the production of-his (r. Green's) letter. On leaving the station w>ith thle van Gardener-was first joined by Miller, and subsequently by Phillips and Jacobs, and all were afterwards taken into custody and removed to the station-house. lPolice-constable Hull, 164 P, deposed that, from information he received, he on the day before accompanied the last witness to the neighbourhood of the Bricklayers' Axms station, and remained there until he saw the prisoner Gardener come out with a van load of hay. He afterwards found that he was joined by tbe other prisoners, and with assistance he took aUl into custody. He found on the person of Gardener the letter sent by Mr. Green with the last load of hay, and this he said he had received from Mr. Arnold (the prisoner who called herself Jacobs), who had directed hina to go for and tal-e away the load of hay. The letter found on Gardener he saw the prisoner Phillips receive from the po-tman at the empty house, No. 8, Arnold's-place, Newington, at the door of wlIich ho was standing at the time; and on his apprehension the key of this very house was found on his person, though his residence was at No. 7, Alfred-place, St. George's-road. On searching the house, in Arnold's-place, he (Hull) found the two samples of hay and clover, and other niatters -which led him to the belief that it was hired for fruadulent purposes, and that a quantity of ironmongery and otherpro. perty to a considerable amount, obtained by fraud, had Tee received there. In reply to the magistrate's questions, the witness said Gardener was known as the keeper of a beershop, and the horse in the van, he understood, belonged to him. Nothing was known of the prisoner 3ldiler before, and when taken into custody he saId he had merely gone to assist Gardener. Gardener admitted to him (witness) that he had removed the property from the railway station, but he was not aware where the narties delivered it, as they left him at a publichouse while they took the van with them and delivered it. Jacobs or Arnold refused to give his name so that he could not learn anything about him, and Phillips, he believed, had given a wrong name. Itwasurged on behalf of the prisoners Gardener and Willerthat theyvwere honest, respectable men. Phillps admnittedhaving been convicted of felony,and Jacobs refused to give any account of himseLf. The prisoners were all remanded, but Miller and Gardener were admitted to baiL.
VAL AND MIITARY INTELLIGBNCE. It is reported that the Impericuse, 51, Captain Rundle B. Watson, C.B., will carry Lord Cowley to St. Petersburg as Ainbassador from the Court of St. James's. Captain Watson has been appointed a Naval Aide-de-Camp to the Queen, vice Sir Charles Hotham, deceased. The Euryalus, 51, CaptainGeorge Ramsay, C.B., it is reported, will go to the West India station, and a sEuadron tt Bermuda. The new screw three-decker Marlborough, 131 guns, 4,0O0 tons, was taken out of Portsmouth harbour yesterday, for a first trial of her machinery prior to her being turned over by the engine contractors (Maudslay and Field) to the Go-vernment. The day was most unpropitious for a trial of the speed of the ship, a stiff breeze blowing, the force of vwich vas at least 5. M£r. Andrew Murray, superintendent engineer of thesteani establishment in Portsmouth dockyard, went out to direct the trial, and Mr. Shirreff, manager of the firm of Maudalay and Field, went in the ship to note the result for the contractors. A navigating party of 150 seamen from the Duke of WeUington, under the command of the First Lieutenant of that ship (Mr. Edwin T. Hinde), were put in the ship to take charge of her. The Marlborough's engines are on the horizontal principle, having two cylinders 82 inches in diameter with 4 feet stroke; they have 6 boilers and 24 furnaces; the tube surface of the boilers is 17 feet per horse-power; her screw is 9 feet in diameter, and was yesterday worked at 26 feet 6 inches pitch; the engines made 51A and 52 revolutions, with a pressure of 201b. of steam; her horsepower is nominally 800, but she worked up to 2,700; the weight of the machinery is about 600 tons; all worked well yesterday; there were no casualties, such as hot bearings, &c., and the trial was very satisfactory. Her chief engineer is Mr. John Davey, R.N. (first-class). After making Spithead, and passing in reNiew before the fleet, it was resolved by Mr. Murray to make a trial of her speed at the measured mile in Stoke's Bay. In spite of the very high -wind the result showed there was nothing to apprehend from adverse features of that kind, as she made the first run in 5 minutes 1 second, giving a speed of 11-960 knots (with the tide); the second run gave 10 000 knots (against the tide); the third run gave 12-162 knots (with the tide); and the fourth run gave 9 917 knots against the tide, the mean average of the four runs realizing 11-OG knots per hour,-a highly important and satisfactory result, and there is no doubt that her speed -when properly trimmed, and under fair wind and weather, vwill average from IIl to 12 knots per hour. She was ancnored at Spithead for the night, and will return to the steam basin this day. Mr. Tonkin, the assistantmasterattendant of Portsmouth dockyard, had the responsible charge of her during the triaL A large party went out in the ship. The screw steam frigate Liffey, 50, was launched from Devonport dockyard on Tuesday afternoon. The Conflict, S, screw sloop, Commander Cochran, returned to Spithead from the westward yesterday evening. The Driver, 6, paddle- stearavessel, Commander Gardner, having four mortar-vessels in tow, left Spithead yesterday for Plymouth. The crew of the Calcutta, Si, Captain William King Hall, were paid wages at Plymouth on Monday. She is to sail for the East Indies. The hired steam transport Sydney, Captain Macnamara, sailed from Plymouth on Monday for the Crimea. The hired steam transport Cape of Good Hope, No. 227, arrived at Plymouth on Monday to embark troops for Halifax. The iron paddlewheel steamvessel Trident, LieutenantCommander' Robert B, Harvey, from Rio de Janeiro Feb. 16, Pernambuco March 12, and Fayal April 26, arrived at Plymouth on Sunday. The Indefatigable, 54, Captain T. Hope, had left for the Falkiand Islands, and Rear-Admiral William J. Hope Johnstone had shifted his flag pro tent. to the storeship Madagascar, Commander James P. Thur7burn. The iron screw steam storeship Urgent, Commander C. G. Phillips, sailed from Rio on the 21st of February. The brig Express, 6, Commander Henry Boys, was left at Rio. On the 16th of February the screw steam gunvessel Rifleman, 8, Lieutenant-Commander Henry Christian, towed out of Rio the-sloop Siren, 16, Commander Robert J. Otway; destination unknown. The Rifleman returned. The Trident has brought invalids from the Indefatigable, the Madagascar, the Express, the Siren, and the Rifleman, and small mails from Pernambuco and Fayal. Spoke March 1S, in lat. 2 S., long. 32 W., the French steampacket Don Pedro II., from Rio, for Havre; April 2S, in lat. 43 0 N., long. 16 W., exchanged colours with the English merchant ship Ann and Eliza. from Brazil; May 2, inlat. 49 N., long. 7 W., aDauishbark,with "26" on -white flag, standing to the westward; and a brig, caUed eitber the Robert Thomas or the Susan, standing S.W. The Trident has experienced fine weather since leaving the coast; she has been in commission since July, 1852, and has been employed principally on the coast of South America, in the suppression of the slave trade. The trial trip of Her Majesty's ship Orion took place on Friday in Stoke's Bay, and the average speed was 11 502. Tne works now in progress at Pembroke Dockyard are expected to occupy two years in construction, as they embrace very extensive alterations and improvements. The fortifi. cations at Dale Point, on the northern side of the Haven, are proceeding, and, when completed, vill form an important adjunct to the forts on Thorn Island and the Stack. The ship Norman Maurice will leave Liverpool next week fof Cork, for the convey.ance of troops to Quebec. On Tuesday the screw-steamer Etna sailed for the Mediterranean for troops; and next week the screw steamship Charity will take her departure for the same purpose, to which it is also contemplated to devote some of the regular Meditexranean screw steamers. The following vessels have arrived at Sheerness from Portsmouth and Spithead :-The Vesuviis, 6 guns, paddlewheel sloop, Commander Edward G. Hore, with Nos. 137, 103, 105, and 102, mortar-vessels in tow; the Porcupine, 3 guns, paddlewheei steamvessel, Lieutenant-Commander George M. Balfour, with Nos. 104 and 112 mortar-vessels in tow; and the Lizard, 1 gun, iron paddlewheel steam vessel, Lieutenant-Conimander Thomas B. Christopher, with two other mortar-vessels in tow. The Thunder, 14 guns, floating battery, Captain George G. Randolph, is to be paid off this day at Sheerness. The Hydra, 6 gu ns, paddlewvheel steam sloop, Commander Henry G. Mlorris, has been taken into the fitting basin at Sheerness, and is to be paid oft on Saturday next. The Cadmus, 20, screw corvette, built at Chatham, is to be launchled on the 20th inst. This vessel has been constructed under the superintendence of Sir B. Walker; her extreme length is 200 feet, and breadth 40 feet 4 inches; burden in tons, 1,462. She will carry an armament consisting of 20 S-inch 60 cwt. guns, each nine feet long, besides one pivot GS-pounder of 95 cwt., and ten feet in lengths. The followin- appointments have been made at the Admiralty -lH. J. Mloore, to be Lieutenant to the Falcon; J. O.Hojkins, to be Lieutenant to the Nile; John 0. lKiddan UR. John Coventry, to be Lieutenants to the Cossack; G. J. Mlalcolm, to be Lieutenant to the Excellent (additional for service in the Stork); H. Salmon, E. Rice, and .J. Buchanan. to be Midshipmen to the Royal George; James *Vade, to be surgeon to the Assurance; Cecil CrandelL to be Surgeon to the Surprise; Matthewv Burton, to be Surgeon to the Victory; Robert Atkinson, to be Assistant-Surgeon (confirmed) to the Vulture; C. P. Fulon, to be Assistant-Paymaster to the BeHleisle; G. W. Clayhill, to be Lieutenant to the Algiers; A. Graves, to be Lieutenant to the Driver; W. Clark, to be Lieutenant to the Sampson; J. A. R. Dunlop, to be Lieutenant to the Excellent; Henrv D. Btrney, to be Master to the Coast Guard; Arthur H1. Kelly, to be Acting AssistantSurgeon to the Euryalus; Robert D. Rose, to be Acting Assistant-Surgeon to the Powerful; James Guthrie, to be Acting Assistant-Surgeon to the Tortoise; Wiliam H. Clarke, to be Acting lssistant-Surgeon to the Magicienne; Frederick Piercy. to be Acting Assistant-Surgeon to the Dragon; Frederick A. Codd, to be Assistant-Ulerk to the Imp)regnable; and John M'Dongal, to be Assistant-Clerk to theVictory;- J. F. Rish, to be Inspecting-conumander of the Coast Guard; James Hunt, to bc Commander to the Electra; J. F. C. Hamilton, to be Commander to the Esk ; W. A. Hood, to be Commander to the Acorn; H. V. Haggard, to be Commander to the Virago; EdwardJ. H. 'Tucker, to be Master to the Alecto George Turpin, to be 3laster to the Aeorn; F. R.G. Lleelyn to be Mfaster to -the Virago; Thomas Boweher, to be M laster to the Elk; George A. Wel, to be Paymaster to the Acorn; Hugh F. Prilen,to be Paymaster to theVirago;John Hi, to be Paymnaster to the Elk, F.0. OSimpson to be Second-Master -to the Resistance; the Rev. F. W. Smith, to be Cliaplain mnd Naval-Instructor to the Amphion; R .ichard T. N. Pearce, to be raster'-Assistant to the Cressy; James Hunter, to be Acting- Assitant-Surgeon to the Falcon. An Admiiralty order has arrived at Sheenness granting the discharge (on application) of allseamen who have served their tenr of five year-, also to all the pensioners now in active service. Yesterday, it i 30 p.r., Lord Panmure, accompanied by Sir Geor"e Grey and Mr. Professor Barfow, arrived at WoolvIc ichAena and were received by Captain Boxer and other members of that establishment Their ob- ect w fas to inspect the eztensive arrangesnents which ehave been nade for the c lebration of the national festivities. They were conducted through the brass gun ifoundry to the new paper and F.ulp factory, where a con,riderable portionof theprincipal.diesigns in course of pre-jparation nave been stored_ They thence repaireid to the 5Ucsae of the late aceident. The slhed, although of cor.agated ,,toet iron throughout, has suffered in many places from the g r heat of so vast a body of comisstibles successively beccing ignited from the speading re of the tourbillon rocket, wvhich cast its sparks abe.t the plare, shattering -the roof, which wascomposed of thickglass. >Numbersofotrocketg end macaroon balls became ignited, and burst witb terrific explosions. There were upwards of 40 men and poys in the shed at the moment, but, from the fortunate ,ccunstance of the ordinary fasteningsof the doors having hen removed, and eplaed by e%aic straps cabed 4' noalkeys, " so that exit was easily availble,o onp clperd svereely injured. Ten are now Io iny pthe sons were leiying i h bospital ni a delorablb condition, one of whom is not expeted to , ive- Two others were taken care of by their wn fiend, and are aoriims!y ,njured, though not dr anger- vu,sly sol-
I LOCAL DUES U'OR SHIPPING. The eohrnaitteeze-asembled on Monday in zoom No. UlMr. Lowe in the chair. Mr. Worthington wished to correct some portion of his fonner evidence with regard to the extent of the port of liverpooL He had acertained from a Treasury minute, dated April 12.,1850, that the navigable portion of the river Weaver was within the port of Liverpool, and he complained both of the river dues and also the town dues as affecting the exporter and consumer of salt, There was a great competition in the trade, chiefly from parties residing at Droitwich, and also those who had salt-works on the London and North-Western Railway as well as those on the Trent and Mersey CanaL These parties could obtain their fuel at 9d. or 10d. per ton less than the works not so situated, and another advantage they possessed was in the great reduction of tho inland carriage. salt could now be carried from Droitiwich to Camden-town for 6s. Sd. per ton and to Poplar for 8s. 3d. No reduction had, however, been made an river Weaver charges or the town dues of Liverpool, and in consequence the trade had very much diminished, and as far as regarded the port of London it had ceased. It was impossible to send salt coastwise from Nautwich to London for less than 13s. 3d., and there were other charges amountinu to' is. 3d. more. Thus the coasting trade, which was so desirable a nursery for seamen, was in the greatest danger of being extinguished. Witness here read the various charges for conveyance by canal and railway, showing that where for merly it amounted to 9s. 104d., it was now only 3s. AId., being a reduction of 200 per cent. from the original charges. The charge of 2s. 6d. per ton was made for the use of the Weaver and the broad waters only, while the 3s. 71d. was the whole charge on the heavy canal works for 160 miles. With regard to coals witness said a vessel employed to bring a cargo from the owner's colliery, and discharging the same at the ow ner's salt-works, would have to pay a tax of Sd. a-ton for the coals which he consumed in making the salt, and the salt was again taxed in the same vessel when it returned down the river. The Sd. was for the transit of a seagoing vessel up the river Weaver. There was no charge for town-dues. He considered the effect of this tax was to increase the price of salt in every part of the united kingdom, to injure the fishing trade, and also the various arts and sciences. By Mr. HORSFALL.-He was aware that there had been a great increase in the exportation of salt from Liverpool, but he was at the same time aware that there had been a considerable exportation from otlier places, particularly Hull and Glasgow. The exportation fromu Livel-pool last year, he believed, was 600,000 tons, but should say the ports of Hull and GLasgow had increased in a still greater ratio. At one time they did not export any. By the CILUIRMA.-He had also to complain of the privileges enjoyed by the freemen of Liverpool, who were exempt from the charge of 6d. a-ton on their salt, and were thus enabled to obtain a profit from the foreign market, which others could not who had this tax to pay, the profit on the salt fiequently not amounting to 6d. In saying this he alluded to the market at New York and the different ports in the United States. The saltworks on the Weaver were increasing, but those established of late years were so situate as to obtain their supply of coal by railway or canal. The cost from the same colliery, at Wigan, by the St. Helen!s Railway, would be 9d., and by the canal lOd., less than the river Weaver. There was no doubt but that Liverpool had most materially benefited by the Cheshire saltworks. The owner of a vessel in any part of the world would be influenced by the consideration that at Liverpool he would be sure to obtain a return cargo of salt, wlnch was saleable in any port to which the vessel might wish to proceed; and it was well known that salt was frequently put on board vessels as baUast, being the cheapest article that eould be procured for that purpose, and was almost invariably taken as a return cargo. He believed salt was the first article exported from Liverpool. By Mr. VANxCE.-He had exported salt to Dublin, but had never paid the town-dues; they were discharged by the owners. Mr. Morrisy, of St. John's, New Brunswick, said he was connected with the lumber trade, and exported largely to Liverpool. The town-dues of Sd. a-load on deals' and Gd. upon timber had greatly contracted his trade, and he could not xuderstand why he was caled upon to pay them. His firm paid uxpwards of 2001. last year for dues, and the total dues on importations from New Brunswick might be 4,0001. for about 50,000 loads of timber and, 00 stand of deals. The duty was 24 per cent. upon the invoice cost at St. John's. On cotton it was 2d. per bale, the valne of which was 101. Frequently witness's ships returned from Liverpool baUasted with salt and coals, upon which the towndues had to be paid-viz., 6d. per ton on the salt, and 2d. perton on the coals; and if it was necessary to send for chains and anchors the towvn-dues had to be paid on those also. He considered the tax a great injustice, as they received no benefit from it. By -r. HoRsFrLL.-He believed the charges on lumber in London and Liverpool were not very different. In the United States it varied in different towns. By hrr. YAXSCE.-He did not consider the landing-stage at Liverpool any benefit to the merchants at St. John's, as there were very few passengers by their vessels, and these might be landed as well by the steam-tugs. Mfr. Fern, a merchant of Liverpool, and agent to the last witness, confirmed his evidence with regard to the luinber trade. Mr. BlackweUl, of Dudley, said he was largely engaged in the iron trade, and represented the entire trade of South Staffordshire. He held in his hand a petition which was about to be presented to the House of Commons against the Liverpool dues, signed by alhost every member of the trade. The first point in which the dues acted greatly to the disadvantage of the South Staffordshire district was in increasing the natural evUs of their inland position. The export trade was almost entirely to Amierica, and had to be carried on at a charge of Gd. a-ton upon all tron exported. Another evil of these dues was increasing the cost of the raw material from which the iron was produced. A large quantity of iron ore was brought from Lancashire and Cumberland, and forwarded from Ellesmere, Runcorn, and Garston and other places. Upon all the iron ore passing into the district 3d. a-ton was charged, and he believed nearly 200,000 tons were imported through these places. He Imew one or two contracts for enornious quantities of pipes in the South Staffordshire district had been removed to Yorkshire in consequence of the greater facilities and less expense at which they could be exported. At the time when the town of Liverpool obtained the charter by which they claimed the right to levy these dues the trade in South Staffordshire did not exist; and witness believed they pressed much more heavily upon the trade than if the power to levy the dues had remained in the hands of the Crown, as they would then have had to deal with a much more responsible body, who would have calculated the dues on principles of public policy, and not imposed taxes on the raw material. 'There was a general feeling against being taxed towards the expenditure of Liverpool, and this feeling was proved by the fact that the petition he had before referred to had only been circulated on Thursday last, and had received the signatures of 99-100ths of the ironmasters. It was felt that the Liverpool corporation had no right to exact dues w ithout making any return for them. Mir. Pearson, merchant of Liverpool, said he was not a freeman, and therefore had to pay the towrn dues. He considered the payment of Id. or 2d. a package upon goods for exportation to the East and West indies quite sufficient to divert the traffic from Liverpool to London. The railway charges between London and Liverpool were 70 or S0 per cent. more than between Manchester and Liverpool; but this was made up bythe freight between London and Ceylon being less than between Liverpool and Ceylon. He thought no equivalent was received for the payment of the town dues, and that the corporation of Liverpool had never rendered the merchants any assistance or facilities in the shipment of their goods. He himself had lost business amounting to 804 or 1001. a-year, owiing to these dues. By Mr. HoR.SFAVLL.-He thought the ld. or 2d. per package would certainly enter into th calculation of a merchant mn shipping his goods, and there was also more confidence felt in the measurements at London than atliverpool. The system at the latter port was very loose and unsatisfactory, and great difficulties were thrown in the way of the shipper inspecting the measurement himself. By the CnMnnGIuW.-There was a tariff of the town-dues, but it was not to be obtained where the dues were paid. He had never known the tariff increased except by altering the denomination of the packages. The officess of Customs assisted at the collection of the town-dues, and they would not pass an entry without they were paid, shown by a receipt on the shipping biUl. The absence of anv list that could be relied upon offered great temptation to fraud, and witness had knowni instances of boys intrusted with money topay the dues returning a much larger amount than they had actually paid. In many cases it was afterwards discovered that the Customs' entry had never been passed at all. Witness then Proceeded to remark upon the advantages poassessed by the reemen of Liverpool in their exemption from dues, and, in reply to the chairman, said he was not aware that any part of the town-dues were expended upon the improvement of the town in the neighbourhood of the docks. Goods in tr.ansit for exportatian did not use the streets, they were transferred from one dock to another. Part of the shore of Southport, 25 miles from Liverpool, was within the limits of the port, and was liable to the town-dues if there should happen ever to be anything upon which to levy them. Great complaints were made as tol the state of the Wallasey embanuknent, and he knew there was a considerable quantity of land washed away annunlly from the Cheshire shore of the ZLersey, which was owing to the want of an embankment. Witness, in conclusion, said hb thought they should get on much better if they were relieved from the jealousy of the Corporation of Liverpool as to the shipment of goods, and if the dock trustees had the entire management of the docks. Mr. Charles Lupton, vice-president of the Leeds Chamber of Commerce, comprising 106 members,'considered it a gross injustice thatthe l;eeds manufacturers should have to pay anything witiiout receiving a return. Last year 7,340 tons of goods wvere forwarded from Leeds to the port of Liverpool for shipment. The general character of the goods sent from 3Leeds was very valuable, and the packages wvould be under 3cwvt., upon which the dues were 2d. each. He knew that a considerable quantity of wool came into the port of Liverpool, and the manufacturers of the West Riding of Yorkshire went there to purchase it; and upon each package of wool there was a duty of 4d. The largest supply of wool, however, came from the Australian colomes,.and passed through the port of London. By Ar. HORSsALL.-The town-dues were paid by the importers, but the tax would, of course, ultimately fall on the consumwer, and limit the amount of the trade. By the CsrmarS.-He might mention that the town of Fleetwood owed its rise to the excessive and exorbitant charges at Liverpool. At one time nothing was sent from Fleetwood, and all thekrish business was carried on through Liverpool. This was novw reversed, and goods for Belfast and the north of Irelansd never went through Liverpool. By Mr. HORSFALL.-No doubt the railways had contri- I buted something towards such a change. By. Mr. XE2nnYICu-Although Liverpool was much easier to get at, and the accommodation for goods was much superior, yet Fleetwood ws preferred, If the town-dues of iverpool wrere applied to the improvement of the river, they would not be objected to by the Leeds merchants. Mr. C. H. Jbnes, of Hudders&eld,.and chairman of the Jpeap comsminiepsr; Erald he had been reqgeted bythe board to appear before the committee -with reference to the itown-dues of Liverpool, and to represent that any taxation levied for the local purposes of Liverpool was most injurious to the trade of Huddersfield. If the dues were applied to the irnprovement of the port no sueh ob-ection would be felt. No other witness being in attendance, the committee adl I journed until Thursday next at 12 o'clock.
THE BANDS IN THE PARK% At a meeting of inhabitants of the borough of Marylebone, held at the Colosseum Hotel, on Monday last, the following resolution was passed:- Moved by Mr. BsRssEAD, seconded by Mr. f'Ixr-AGuLi, and carried with only one disentient:-" That this meeting tenders its best thanks to the Right Hon. Sir Benjamin Hall, Bart., MP., for the means of recreation which he has provided for the inhabitants of the metropolis, by the performance of music by military bands in the parks on the Sunday; that, as intimation has been given that every exertion will be used to put down this source of enjoyment, it is possible that attempts may be made to create confusion and disorder. The inhabitants are therefore requested to join together for the purpose of counteracting any unseemly proceedings that may be promoted for the object of depriving the inhabitants of this metropolis of that same enjoyment wh ich is sanctioned by the Sovereign at Wimdsor and Hlich is provided iu almost all the provincial towns in wfhich regimental bands are stationed. Sir Benjamin Ha3l has returned the following ans er:- " Office of WVorks, &c., May 7. " Sir,-Iami directed by Sir B. Hall to acknowledge the receipt of yourletter of yesterday's date, and to express his thanks for the resolution which it conveyed to him. Sir B. Hall has no doubt that the admirable order which has pervaded all cLasses on the occasions when the band has pLayed in Kensington-gardens will be equally striking in the 2egent's and Victoria Parks, and that the public will thus continue to show how thoroughly they appreciate the recreation afforded them. The fact of 147,352 persons having assembled in Kensington Gardens and the Regent's Park last Sunday is a convincing proof that the inhabitants of the metropolis approve the course which he has pursued. "It seems to be implied by your resolution that attempts will be made to create a disturbance when the band may play. In the event of such circumstances occurringfl Sir B. Eall is quite sure that the well-disposed portionof the community will e.xert themselves for the purpose of repressing any such unseemly proceedings." "I have, &c., c "A. D. BERRINGTON. "Mr. HL Dixon." A meeting was held a few days since in the TowerHamlets, when a similar vote of thanks to Sir B. Hall and Iheutenant-Colonel Dickson for having ordered a band to play in Victoria Park was carried unanimously.
TheOne Volume Rtoyl OctanoEdition.-In royal 8vo., extra cloth, 1,265Dsces l6s. strongly bound in russa. marbled edges, £t 4s. ditto, half russs, marbled edges, £1; ditto, half gilt, ditto, LI ditto. half calfditto, IS.- WE"BSTER's D3ICTIONARY of the.ENGLISH W I LANGUAGE, The sixth edition. Exhibiting the Origin. Orthography, PronuncIation, and Definition of Words, comprising also a Synopsis of WordsTanioUsly pronounced by different Orthoepista. and Walker's Key to the Clical Pronumciation of Greek, Latin, andScriptore Proper Namea. A new edition, revised and enlarged, by C. A. GOtODRICH, Professor in Yale College. With the addition of a Vocabulary of Modem Geographical Names, and their Pronunciation. The new words that have been added armountto several thousauds. and the Dictionary now contains 27 000 words more thau " Todd's Edition of Johnson." TheworkishsnAaomelyprintednpon sfinepaper. in a clear readable tye, in double colmnus. All parties desiring to posse thisunrivalled Dictisuary can. on applicatiou, have gratisspecimen Pages,showingat once how infinitely more complete and superior is this edition over any other one-volume dictionary now extant London, George Eoutledge and Co., 2, Farringdon-street. In two vols. fep. 8vo., boards, 4s., or in coth. 5s. BANCROFF's HISTORY of AMIERICA. The JUColonization and its Results. The l0th thousand. With a very comPlete Index. This standard work ha, in the five volumes, more than 6,000 references to the beat historical w;orks and manuscriptsin existence. It takes its stand in literature by the side of AlisOn'S "Europe"adMacauly's "England." ltsstyleialofty Lndeloonent, wraitten wiith candlour, neither exaggerating vices of dchaater nor reviving national ahniositise, but rendering a just tribute to virtue where it is foun. L,ondon, George Rtoutledge and Co., 2, Farringdon- reet. InfSp. 8vo., boards, eachvol. 2s.. orin cloth 2s. 6d. TnAONCRT's HISTORY of AMAERICA. Vols. J1 3,4. and 5, with a full Index. Continuing the History from its ColoniAtion, and completing a period in the Ilistory of the American Revolution. This cheap edition of Mr. Bancroft'sstandsrd workis now complete as far as he has written it, and contains the history of the American Revolution considered in all its causes-the rise of the Union of the United States from the body of the people-the change intbe colonial policy of Franoe-and the conusequenceot the endeavours of Great Britain to consoldate her power over America. London, George Routledge and CO., 2, Farringdou-street. In small poet 8vo., price 4s. cloth extra. sdlt. T1H}E CONFESSIONS of CON CREGAN, the Irish Gil BIa . An entire new edition, newly composed. With steel llustrations by Phiz This work, for real fun and humour, exceeds any that we know oL No other than the accomplished Author of Charles O'Maiey," "Hsrry Lorrequer," &.. can properly be its author. Ithashis stylein tact. London, George Routledge and Co. 2, Farringdon-street. A NEW PRACTICAL GARDENEiI.-In one vol. fcp. 8vo., price 2s. 6d., cloth extra, gilt, ME KITCHEN and FLOWER GARDEN. By THE.S.DELAtER. With a coloured Frontispiece and numerous Ilustrations. Thisrealy useful andverychesp volume comprisesthe culture in the open ground of roots, vegetables, herbs, fruits, and bulbous, tuberou, sbrbby, and£brous-rooted filowers. The author is not only well acquainted with gardening and garden objects, but knows how to corucnicate his informatien. It would make an excellent resent book for cottage gardeners.-Gsrdener's Chronicle. London, orge Rotledge and Co.. *2 Farringdon-street. In 2 vols 8vo., 12s. 6d. cloth gilt, or the 2 vols in one, pr:ce 10s. 6d. cloth extra, gilt. FtARLETON's TRAITSand STORIES of the IRISH J PEASANTRY. AnewPictorial Edition, with an Autobiographical Introduction, Explanatory Notes, andnumeroushllustrations on wood and steel by Phiz, he. lhe following Tales and Sketches are comprised in this edition:- Ned MKeown The Donab. or te Horse Stealers The Three Taks Phil Parcel, the Pig Driver Shane Fadh's lVedding Geography of an Irish Oath LerrM'Far-land's Wake The Llanham Shee The itle of the Factions Going to Maynooth The Station Phelimr O'Toale's Courtship The Party Fight and Fnneral The Poor Scholar The Lough Derg Pilgrim Wildgoose Lodge The Hedge School Tubber Derg, or the Red lVell The Midnight Mass Neal3Malone *'lUnless another master hand like Carleton's should appear, it is in his pages. and his alone, that future genesations mustlookforthe truest and fullest picture of the Irish peasantry who will ere longhave passed away from the troubled land, and from the records of history.' -Edinburgh Review, Oct. 1852. "Truly, intensely Irish."-Blackwood. London, George Routledge and Co., 2. Farringdon-street. Infp. Svovolumes, withMIustrations, price2s. 6d each, coth git. POUTLEDGE's STANDARD NOVELS. Cii List of the Series, viz.:- Romance of War. Grant Tower of London. Ainsworth Peter Simple. Marryat The Family Feud. Cooper The Aide-de-Camp. Grant Frank Hilton. Grant WVhitefriars. Author of "White- Yellow Frisato. Grant hall" Susan Hopley. Mr Crowe Stories of Waterloo. Haxwell Three Mesketeers. Dumas JasperLyle. Ward Bivouac. Maxwell Mothers and Daughters. Mrs. Soldier of Lyons. Mrs. Gore Gore Mfr. Ledbury. Albert Smith Scottish Cavalier. Grant Jacob Faithful. Marryat Country Curate. Gleig Japhet in Scrch of a Father. Trevelyan.LaI4dy Scott !dnrrat Captain Blake. Mawell Kings Own. Mlarryat Eight Side of Nature. Mrs. Crowe Mfidshipman Easy. 31arryat TylueyHlalL Hoodi Newton Forster. Mfaccyst WhitehalL. Author of "White- .t'acha of Many Tales. Marryat friars" Ebattlin the Reefer. MIarryat Clan Albyn. 3L-s. Johnstono The Poacher. Marryat CanarBorgia. Author of "White- Phantom Ship. arryat. friars" Dog Fiend. Mfarryat Scottish Chiefs. Mliss Porter Percival lReese. Many-at LancashireWitches. Ainsaworib Hiector O'Halloran. M1axwell Rloutledge's Standard Nfovels. comprising as they do the choicest wrorksof our boat authors, form the mnost acceptable present that could possibly grace any library. Unrivalled for diversity of subject and treatment, they may justly be described astho meat attractive family librar of entertainment that baa ever been published. London, George Bentlodge and Co., Farrnugdon-street. WORK by the late Lord COCEBURN.-In the preSss M [EMORIALS of his TIME. By HIENRY 1tgCOCKABURN, late one of the Senlators of the College of Justice. and Author of "~ The ^ife of L.ord Jeffrey." Edinburgh, Adam and Charles Black. Just published, in crow n Svo., price 3a. 6d., P HYSICIANS and PHYSIC: Three A ddresses. By JAMIES Y. SIDfPSON. ?sLD.. F.P.S.K, Professor of Miedicine and Mfidwifery inthe University of ECdinburgh, Edinburgh, A. andOC BlacX; *london, Churchill, Gratis from any bookseller, AiCWILT DS OITV CATAL:OGUJE. ing Prce ac, f te ariuseditions of Sir Walter Scott's Writings andILife. A. and C. Blacl;, Edinburgh; Houlston and Stoneman london;* and every bookseller in towzn and country. RAILWAY READING. NOVELS of Sir WALTER SCOTT,? with his latest 15Introductions aud Notes. In beautfully illuminated covers, price Is. Gd. each. Adam and Charles Black, Edinburgh; *Honiston and Stoneman, L.ondon. Sold byall booksellers, and at the railway stations. Just published, in 2 vols.. 8vo.. price I6s.. T HE OBSTETRIC MEMOIRS and CONTRIBU- TIONS, incuding those on Amel sthe3ia. of J. Y. SIlPsoN; M.^D. Professor of Mledicine and Mridw-ifery in the Ussiversity of Edinburgh. Edited by W.O0 PRIESTL.Y, MED*. and II. R. STORER. M.DL.. BOstOn. UJ.S. Edinburgh, A. and C. Black; London, ILon,man and Co., and Churchill. HIandsomuely bound. 400 pages, Ss. post free, Ow N OUSES and ESTATES: Hiow to Procure, rOccupy, and Dispose of them, on localities, Soils, Bulilding, and the Lawzsof Landlord and Tenant. Mr. Alfred Cox, Neew Bondstreet, or Uipper Baker-street; or Simplein and Co. PriceIS. Gd. each. TBE PORQUTET's LB TBESOB, Parisian Grammxar, LYComplflment duTrlsor, Exercisessfor Conversation,Traducteur SdcrOtaire Parisi es, Histoiro d'An l eterro, History of Engldand, Con' versations Paririunues, Voyage en Frauce, Ita'dan Tre60r, Italian Con' versations. London, Sirmpkiu, Marshall, and Co. Price id., or by post of J7. MiL Burton and Co.. Ipswich, Sd., THIS WVORLD) or the NTEXT? The Possibility of Making the best of Bothl Worlds Questioned anrd Answvered A Lecture to the Ipsvich Voang Mecn's Christian Association. By the Rev. WY. CllARhS0N. "Remarkable for eloquence and logical acumen."-Ip)swich Express. Simpkin and Co. Just published. price 2s.. T1A FIRMIA; or, Proposalof a Scheme to Render .L the Crystal Palace at Sydenham the most Effective Instrument for the Promotion of Progress, Civiliration, and a Firm Pence betw een all the Nations of the Earth. By lIerr GEORGE CH1RISTIAN MrAST. London, Simpkiu, MlarshaUl, and Co., Stationerr'-hsll-court; Pontefract, George Fox Copley.l To Engineers, 3EUv;ryighbs, .kc.-On the 12th of MNay. with addiEional Illustrations. 11th edition, corrected and improved, l2mo., Is. cloth. tHE MIILLWRIGHITand ENGIN=EER's POCKET sCOMtPANION:containing Decimal Arithmetic, Tables oi Square and Cube Roots. Practical Geometry and MIensuration, Pensp!l, Pumping, aud SteamEngines, Wilth Tables of Circumferences. Squares, Cubes, &c. By ILLIAM TEM2PLE;TON. Revised by S. MfAYNARiD. "A more us;eful addition to the engineer's library cannot well be conceived."-blechanic'3 MTagazine, ' The present edition having undergone the careful revision of so competent an editor as Mir Maynard, is wrorthy of special recommendation."-Athenenum. "'Will be found of great usc to those for whom it isdesigned."Builder. Also by the same Author,- Templeton's SDnginees's Common-Place Book: concisting of Practical Rules and Tables. adapted to factory and steam engines, he. Fourth edition, with several new illustrations. l2mo., DS. cloth, Templeton's Locomotive Engine popularly E2xplained. Illustrated by nev designs. Second edition. 12mo., 4s. cloth, Loandon, Simpkin Masall, and Co., Stationers'-haUl-court. This day is published. Sro., cloth, price lIes 6d.. 1SSAYS BIOGRAPHICALs and CRITICAL; ,12 Caliely on Englishi Poets. By D)AVID MAKSSON, A. Mf., ProesoofEgih Literature in University College, London. Cambridge, BlciluadCo. * London, Bell and Daldy. Just published, third edition, revised throughout and onusiderably en~ Iarged. in crowin 8vo., bound in cloth. lCs. 6d.. A RITHMEl}TIC and AL.GEBRA in their PRIN. CGIPLEBS and APPLICATION, wvith numerous systomatically arranged Examples. taken from the Cambridge Examination Papers, w.ith especial Reference to tho ordinary E!xamination for B.A. Decree By BARN[ARD SMIH, . hA., Fellow of St. Peter's College. Cam. lridge. Cambridge, MIacmillan and Co.; London, Bell and Daldy. HUE, SMOL.hETT, and HUGHiES'S IILLUSTRATED HIISTORY of ENGLAI'l).-lNow publlshing,in crownu Svo.. price 4s. per volume, TUH:E HISTOR1' of ENGLA£ND from the Invasion of Julius Caesar, to the Accession of tduren Victoria, wvith 84 steel Engravings of Portraits of the Sovereigns, their Autographs, hc Hume and BmoUiett'a History is complete in 10 volumes; Hughes's continuation,in eight volumes ; either portioa can be had separately, " It is in all respects a popular and pleasing edition, of a quite indispene. able history, very complete, and very cheap "-Examiner. " Aen. racy combined with eleganee of appearance, anabtoth umuted in cheapnessof production, conferoa. this edition of these national histories peculiar and strong claims to popular favom ."-Liverpcc! Staudard, " Qaito a book for the library."-Crtt;. Tondon. Bell and Daldy. 185. Fleet-street. Just published, price Ss. 6d., T HE CAMIBRIDGE UNIVERSITY CALENDAR for the year 1816. Also nowv reasdy. price 2s. 6d., Cambridge Examination Papers: being a Supplement to the UJniversity Calendar for thesyearlS8S6. WYith Lists of Ordinary Degrees, and of those w ho have Fassed the Previous and Theological Examinsaffoua. Contents :-Tyrcwbitt's Hebrewv Scholarahips: Mday IS8STheological Examination Papers: October. lSSS-Carns Gree.r Trestam ent Pr,ice: October, 1855-rosse Scholarships: November, 1815-The Ordinary B.A Degree: January, 1855-Craven Scholarship: January, 18S6-hloral Seiences Trlpos: FEebruary, 1856-Chancellor's M'.edals Feoroary. 18S6 -Bell's Scholarships: February, 185S-Natural Sciecnes Tripos: January. 1816-PreviouslExamination: March, 1856-Theolo gical Examnination: April, lSS6-Theological Examination List: October. 1851-List of Ordinary Degrees: January. 1SG-Previous Examination List: Lout Termn, 1856-Theological Examination List; Easter, 18SS8. _ _ _ Cambridge, Deighton, Bell, and Co.; London. Bel and Daldy. This day is published, in 12mo., price lOs 6d. clotb IREVOR on the TAXES on SUCCESSYON: a Digest of the Statutes and Cases relating to the Probate, L,egacy, and Succession Dutie3, with Practical Observations and Official Forms. By C. C. TREVOR, Esq., Barrister-at-Law. Stevens and Norton, 2S, Bell-yard, Lincoln's-inn. SCOTrs COSTS in C0MMON LAW, Conveyancing, &c.-This day is publisbed. u royal l2mo., rice l16 cloth, B2ILLS of COSTS in the SUPERIOR COURTS of COMI ON LAW, also in the Crown Office andthe QuI e's eto- Hembranceso' Yun Office,rs in Bakupcanisolvncy CodnderCyancrag Imunaelbrosecuthoi onf ircuitlancd atoressions er. includig Costs of Interich utor rules and Orders nder the Common Law Procedure Acts. 1L82 and 1854, and Biisof eIxcange Act, 1da5. By JOHIN scoTT. puq., Barrister-at-Law, Stevens and Norton, 26, Bel-yard, Lincoin's-tnm. uext week ill be published, in one voL. smal 1to., cloth, w ith upwards of 40 Lithoglaph earstrations and Woodents, nINTS on BIVoUAC and CASPRLIFE, forath t xo Guidance of Yeeno Officers in Garrison and under Canvas, dsnteday authority of His pxeLrency Marjor-Central Sir Gaspard le Moirchant, Goverorande Commanding the Forcessin Nova Scotia. By Capt. WILFORD BRETTe78thRegiment, Aide-do-Camp. T. andW T. Boone, publishers, 29, Ne wBdond-street. Jnst publshed, second edition, in 2 vols. 12o., 12s., or eihetpart sold s2eparately price Cs. each, BPREATISES On MILQTARY STRATEGEY and STACTICS. by EDWlARD YAdES, Bsq., BA. "I have glanoed through it, and rend enough to sree tat it isa very beAntiful litilework, theresulteogretresearchandgrefiection. Does your work sell? I do not askc this from imPertinent curiosity: I wish to know if our ofticers have any tendency tostudy thetr profession; if they have, your Treatises should bein reqnest."-Extract of Letter frometajor-General Sig'Wiiiam Napier. Author of "Hlistory of the Peninsular War," T, and WV. Boone. publishere, 29, Newr Bond-street. Just ready. newv edfition, demy 4to., 1,452 pp., 3si,d. celdoth. iITBSTER'S Ql:fTO EN!GLISH DICTION. by Professor GOODRiCH.Ibs Sids tnhesornelay cYompllertWeedintion, allted 8vo. editionsbeing abridginents. Also, Webster's tSmaller EDnglish Diclioeiary. Condensed byCu,arlee Rohron, (Irown 8ro., 410 pp,! cloth, Is.; pocket edition, 54 pit, erabele,3s.sL. Pgv id Bogus, FIccI-street,. MjEPSSIRS. HUJRST and BLACKXTT's NEWV PUBSLICATIONS. Tube had of all booksellers New and revised edition, irione vot, SALATHIEL, the Immortal. Bythe Rev. GEORGE CR1OLY&,MLL). "One of the mogt splendid,productions among ok fi fcin that the age baa brought forth.'-AthLemsum. Hust sod Blaekett, publishers, sucocessors to Henry Colbmur. The WAR in the CRTMRA.-Now ready, in 2 vole. 21s. JO1JRNAL of ADYVENTURES wIth the ERRU~SH AILMY, fromtho Commencement of the Warto the Pall of Sebas' topol By GEORGE OAYEN'DISHE TATLOR, late 56th Regiment, Biurst and Blacketi,Dpublishers,suoceseors to Hfenry Coiburn. NEWINOVEL by mis JEWSBURY.-Just ready, in 2y'oUL, rVHIE SORROWS of GENTILITl.Y. By Miss JEWS- JLBURY, Author of " Coxnstance Herbert,'" "Marlarn'Withera," kc. Hurst andUhackett publishers,suceessors to Henry Colburm,I3, Great Marlborough-stret LEIGH HUNTrsN-EW WORIK.-Seoond ediion 2yols.,21&. TH OLD COURET SUBURB: or, Xfemori;;s of Aesigtn Regal, Critical, and An3ecdotical. By LEIGH HUNT. Adeiightf ul book, that will be wvelcome to all readers.- Examiner. Hurst and Blackett. suocessorstoHonrnyColburn, just published, in 2 Tola., 2ie., bound, SCTIH HEIROES in the DAYS of WALLACE anjudBRspUCE. By theRev. ALE)L4XDERLOW. A.M. "A valuable addition to Soottish istory."t-Messener -Vei'agreap.&ble readingYm-Examiner. Horal and k Blaket, publishers. NEW WORK by Mis RUBUIREIY-Just ready in 2 roIls, 2i1., A SUMMER in ORTHERN EURPE, includling --sketches in Swedien. Norwav. Finland, the AlandIsles,Gothland, kc. By SELINA BURBURY, Author of "life in Sweden," do. Hurbt andBlackLett,publfisers,successorsto Henry Colbur. Third onnch ,-reNton.w oready,2 vole.,1iSo, IDEVELATION f SIBERIA. By a B3ANISHE hLI LADY. TIsM eatertaining wnrkgivesamostvaluabloinsight into the t4erra, 'nouta fEnsaiandesptism."-DallyXews. Reet and Blackett, publisersa successors to Henry Colburn, Now ready, in 2 ols. Srg., with Portraits, Ms bound MEMIRS of the COUJRT of the Y=EG]NCY. XULVFomi Family)Documnents. B3ythe Dukeof3BUCK1NGHAM andCHAIDOS, K.G. Hurst and Blsackett, publishers,uaDes' sars to Henry Colburn, 13, Great Marlborough-str6et. Just ublihed,i onerot.lOs.td..nound P respcts his s a harmng vlume Theverse is nerer deficient in he uger ttibuesof oety,lif. igor,earnestness, and an objet wrth of toe pet' pen-Meeener.Hurst and Blacketi, VT LidION or 156,wit an nde ofReference to 2,880 Streets, &c.,7.10 Cb Faes,anda Lst o th prncial Exhibitions andI Place-, of Amuement,'thismpmaybead extndedtthe Cry.'tailPalace, Sydenbam. J. Wbitbread, mapseller an sttoe142., On-ord-stret, Second edition, with Portrait. 10s. 6d. bound, -DRINCE TALLEYRAND's REVELATIONS of Xhis OWN LIFE;. "We have perased this worl with extreme in. terest. It isa portrait of Taleyrad drawn byhis own hand."-Poat. Hurstand Blackett, publishers successors to Haenry Colburn. 11, Great Marlborough-street. Complte isirvis..embelishd wth Portraits, ~j L IES f he RICESESof ENGLAND. the tore of nglsh bstor."-Jhn ull.HuntandBlace'Let, puli Now ready. in 2 voei., with Portrait. 2ts, bound, TTFHE LIFE of JEANNE, D)ALBRET, Queen of _._Navrrne. By Mis FREER, Author of " The Life of Marguenite dlAngoul6ine.2l "1Nothing cani be more interesting than the story of the troubled life of Jeanne D'Aibret, and the narrative is as trustworthy as it is attractive."-Post. Hurst aud Birackett. publishers. Toobe hadtalthaethelbrari es.in 3vols,, nfHEE MONARCHS of the AMIN'- or Adlventures _of the Buccaneers. By GEORGE W.THO1ib6fiRY,Esq. "A narrative, rich in variety of incident, and replete with strikiang exhibitions of life and cbaracter.-John. BuIll Hurst and Bladkett, pub' lishers successrs to Henry CoDburn. Now ready, in 2 vein., with Illustrations, 2In. bouno, ~HE WANDERER in ARABIA. By GEORGE TT. LOWTH. EsA. "M lr. Lowth has shown himself in these volumes to be an intelligent traveller, a keen observer rif nature, and an accomplished artist,"-rost. "A most instructive and entertaining narrative."1-John Bull. Hurst and Blackett,publishers. Nowreay, n oe vl.royl So.,wit 1,00Engravinigs Of Arms, S IREERA1U)BURE'sPEERAGE and BARNETGE or 85, crretedtoto resettime. from the perona comuncatonsof he obiity o "Te best dictionary 01 the eerae adbarnetge."Gloo. Hrstand Blac'kett, publishers Justreay, n on VO roal Oa.,wit Mapandupwrdsof 50 Illustra tios rpreentngSpotin Adenure, sbjetsof Natural Histoip LN G A Mi or, xplortionsand Discoverie; CHARLES JHN ANDEESON. Hurstand Bckt,pubihr successors to Henry Colbeon. To be;bad of all booksellers. edtoso thi poula wok, ithalltherecntNotes and Emenda:tio, The' NEW WORK on RUSSIA.-Now ready, in 2 vole.. Ins, '1WX EXrILE. By ALEXANDER HERZEN. ,L..."rom those admirable memoirs the reader may derive a clear idea of Russian political society. Mr. Herzen's narrative, ably written and undoubtedly auithentic, is indeed superior to nine-tenths of thi existing work on Russia."--Atlleaensrm. Hurst and Blackett, pub lisher (ucsosto Henry Colbur.l, 13, GreatMarborough'etreot. To be had of all booksellers, CERAP EDITION of EVELYN's DIARY and CORRESPONDIEI7CE. In 4Tvoinpost8VO.. PriCeoOnlyGe.each, bound, with Portraits, sany of which may be had separately. " We reioice to welcome this beautiful and cornp act edfition of Evely-n-out of the most valuable and interesting works in the language."1-Ex. aminer. Hurst and Blackett,publishers,successors to Henry Colburri Cheap Edition.-Complete. in 7 vols., embellished with Portrait!~ bound, price oulyls. each, any of which may be had seoaratelIy, IAYand LETTERS oflfMiss BURNEY (after. DadMadame D'Arblayl. The republication of the extremneb entertainingDlary of the celebratediMiss Burney in a cheap form accessible to every class of readers, is a veritable boon to the public which we hall with great satisfaction."-JohnBull. Hurst andBiackett publishers, I3, Great Mlarlborough-street. Cheap editi on, -with alt theolalte improvements, and Plortraits of eves Queen. complete in 8 vole., price 7s. Gd. each, bound, TIVES of the QUEENS of ENGLAND. B4 L.JAGNES STRICKLAND. "A valuable contribution to histori cal knowledge, It contains a mass of every kind of hristorical matter ol interest which industry and research could collect. We have derived much instruction ankd entertainment from the worky-~Atheniuum. Hurst and 3Risekett, publishers, sucocessors to Henry Colburn. Now ready, at all the libraries, in 3 vein., M AELIE CARE ByCOLURMAYNE, Esq. We reognie in his prforancete tre geius of the its lac amog te met ppula noels f te day. The story is ful of omaticincden an stang adentre.-Monin Post, Hursi andBlaket, pblihes, uccssos t HeryColburn. Twelfth edition, now ready, with 15 Iliustsations. Os., bound. T HECRECEN an th CRSS.By ELIO~l WARRUTON. Indepndenly ofits vlnois an originsa narrtiv, ad is usfulandinirestn¶~nfomaton.this work- in re Mliss BUNBURY's NEW NOVEL-Now ready, in 3 vein., O JROWN SORY. y SEI-NA. BUNBURY. "A oucingstoy."Litrar (lrete."An exceedingly instrac tiveand mproing ooh,-Joh Bul. "Abeautiful story of love sorrw, ad~atence"-Brtanna. ~ A wrk o th iln nd enchain ing nterst.-Obsrver "Te felingin hichit aornds is ver3 genune nd ouces te bart"-Eamier. Hurst and Blackett Now readly, at all the libraries, in vets.. MARGARET and HER BRIDESMAIDS. By thc 3 Author of "Womans Devotion." "We recommend alwIn are in search of a fascinating novel to read this work. They willifind it weli worth their while. There are a freshness and originality aboml it quite charming, and there is a certain nobleness in the treatmnenl both of sentiment and incident which is net often found. The story I very interesting."-Athenumm. Hurst and B3lacLett, publishers, suc cessors to Henry Colbumn. Now ready in two volin with DIlustrations. 21e. bound. E ASTERN IOSPITALS andENGLISH NURSES, the Narrative of Twelve Months' Eprecinthe Hosptalso Koulali ad Scutari, By a LADY VPOMNTNEER. "Th story0 the noble deeds done by Miss Nightingale and her devoted sisterhoe will naever be more effectively t-old than in the beautiful narrative con tained in these volumee.-Jobn BoIll "A work doing honour t4 bumanity."1-Examiner. Hurst and IBlackett, publihers, successorste Henry Colburm. New and cheaper Edition-'Now ready, in one vol., 1Os. Ed., TLLIESLE-AJ?:the Concludin- Passa-es in the L.4Life of MJrs. Margaret Miatland. "-'fi concluning series o4 'Passages in the Life of Mrs. Mar-gaTet Maitland' is, toeour thInking factry empimet w ca pa th auhorss.There is a vein of s Im goo sns an pou foli" unin thouhot.for whichi no=rae can allto b th botorY-Atemen. Hrstand Rlackett, pub lishers, successrs to Henry Colburn. New and revised edition, now ready, in 3 vols.. THE ROMALNCE of the ARISTOCRACY'- or TAedtcal Records of Distinguished Flamilies. By Sir bER N\ARD BURKE. "1The memoirs of our great families ame replete wvith detai-ls of the mnost striking and romantic intsrest, yet how littl of the personal history of the aristocracy is known, and how fell o1 amus=emet is the subject I The anecdotes of the aristocacey here Tecorded go far to show that there are more marv-els in real life t-han ic thecreations of fiction." Hurst and iackcett,publishers,success,orstcf HeuryColbumn. Now ready, inS 3voln post Ovo., TFlRAVELS in PERSIA, Georgia, and Hoordistan. Xwith Sk-etches of the Cossacks and the Caucasus. By Dr. MORITZ WAGN'ER. "1We have here learning without pedantry, acute and close observation without the tedium of uninteresting detafis the re. flections of a philosopher Intermixed with the pleasant stories and graphc sketches of an accomplished traveller."-Literary Gazette. Fewbeooka give an equally clear idea of the state_ ofthe people. er a similar amount of interesting informationi respecting the past aid pro scat of those historic lands."~-Observer. Hurst and Btackett, publ lisbors, siccessors to Henry Colburn, Now ready at all the libraries, inS' volsn, MnODERN SOCIETY in ROME, BY J. R BYEESTE, Faq., Author of " The Wabash." "IIn the work- be fore us, Mr. Beste has presented the world, in the form of a novel.witi the substance of his knowlege acquired during many years' residenso inthe eternal city. M1r. Bestehas several of thoireQlities useful to tbi scibn oi,wihu sinkin intoA the literal.es He thres enouglsr, i 1OHN HA-LIFAX, Gentleman. By the Auithor of "The Head of the Family,"c - In 'John Halifax' tbreauthol hasmadeaeconsiderable advanceupon her previous works. The greal source Of interest is-an imProved and masterly execution emploYed ceiedond voer trubthntialldnatted: ther icidearcts,ths scnsisthen'tllon life-'are painted with a power that sustains the attention of therea,der.' -Spectator. "The story is interesting. The attachment between John Hafmand i wife isbeautifully painted, as are the pictures of t-hou domesticlife andthe growing upT of the children, and the conclusion of the book, is beautiful and touching."-Athen.-uum. Hurst and Blackett, publishers, successors to lEenry Colbum. Now ready, complete in 2ivols., 8vo., with Portraits, 'U EMOIRS of the COURT of the REGENCOY. £LFrom Oriml Family Documents, By the Duke of BUCK. INGHAN and C 0S -G. Among thesubjects elucidated in this worlwiMbe fou3nd :-TiesPersonzal istory of thel'rinceof Wales, with Notices of )sis Principa Friends,PnabitcandPlrlvate -The Career of the Princs oWaeat Hom an bodTeLast Great European Coaitin aaint Npobon-uerdanat arlonHouse-The Visit of the overign to nglnd-Te Cnduc ofthe Pryincess CharlotteThe rivte egoiatonsof he arqis eslesey and SIr. CanningThe ecrt Plic oftheCabnetRusianIntrigues--Proceedings of Visoun Catleeag an th Due o Welinton d. Hurst and Sir RBERT EEL'sMEMORS.-O Setuday.May 17, post Sio. 7s. Gd.. MEMNOIRS LEFIT in MS. by tho._Right Hron. Sir T ROBEIT PEEL,3Dart. PartL Onthe RemanCatholicRelief BiLl John iiturray,Albemarle-street. Grand eagle folio, with2llplates and four vignetes,p~rice 4 4., yY:.,ab!3t,-DESCRIPTION of a PLANISPHERIC AS-TROLABE, constructed for Sh ib Suit-an Husain, Safawl, King of Persia, and now presered in the British Museum' comprising an Account of the Astrolab3e generally, with Note3 Illustrative and explantory: to which are added, Concis Notices of TwPelve other Astrolabos, Eastern and European. hitherto uinde--sibed. By WILLIAM, H. MORLEY. Williams and Norgate, 14, Henriettastreet, Covent-garden. In a fewv days wilboc pu blished, flAX's COSTS: a Book of Costs in the Courts of Jj-FQueen's Beach, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, the Crown and Queen's Remembrances's OlEces, in Banktruptcy, and the Court for Relief of Imsolvenit Debtors, Conveoyanciag, and Slisceliancous Matters, in conformity -ith the general scale of charges allowed on Taxation, and with the Common Law Procedure Acts, 1852 and 1856. B3y RICHARD G. flAX, Eeq., of the Mliddle Temple, Barrisier-atLaw. Wmn. Maxwell, 12, F.cjl-yarsl, Llncola'b-inn, T H OL GEY CHURCH A Novel,- By tho TAEuthooro`f "Tpresselyan," -Marriage in High Lifer' Theselastmnentioneda5retlie On woexshithertowittenl,y this author. LondOn Richard Benttley. New lurliwnontreet, P1rofessor CREASY's 2NEW WORK.-This day is published, the 3d. volume, c-ompleting the work, So with Ka IC5. HITORY of the OTT~OMA IRi rmthe H Fobundation of thei EmpiretotePentTm. yPofso CFEA.SY, Pr0fessor of History7 at University College, Lno.B the same Aluthor,- The :Eifteen DecisiveBattlest of the, World. Saeveth edition, VW.t, WithL ans, 1us, The R1ise and Progress of the English Consttution. Third edition, post Svo., 7s. Gd. London, RichaLrd Bentley. publis'her in ordinary to H3er Matjesty. M. GihIZ0ra NEW WORtK.-Tbi d-ay is -publMsed, ~in two Tols. H S r o .~~~~~~r.. 286., ISTORY of RICHIARD CROMWELL and the H r-MT0RAnION of CHAR.LES 1. 33 IL GUIZT. Byte Hisor o 6lve Comwllan th EglshCommxonwesalth fleece Hlstr~ f th }iglihRevlutontoheDathof Charles L Second. Lonon,RicarBeney,pubiser n odinryto Her Majesty. DIARY of the LA-TR WAR.-Nowready, Bro., with Portrait of the, D R.ROBNSO's IAR ~Ithe CRINEA" Gazette. Londn Richard Bentley, pubihri riayt e Majesty, Mr. GRENVILLE MURRAY's MNA o h ILH SERIVICE. DROITS et DEVOIRS des ENVOYES DIP2LOD MATIO S aualfor the Diplomnatic Service. BEYM. MEEVILRMUtRY, MMq., attached to Her Britannic Maleast' Embassyat Constantinople._ Bentley. New Burlington-street.. MODERN BOOKS, at Reduced Frioes.-Notice.-Now ready, INSto BOOK BUYBRS. By which a saving~ Hof abDut one-half may be effected in the purchase of mnodernx books. Sent post ree toorder, enclosing two stampi,addressed to. Saunders and Otley. publishers, Conduit-treet, Hainover-square. Notice to Authorsof Proseand Poetical Works.-Now HOW to PRINT and WHEN to PUBLISH: rwHtical Advice to Authors Inexperienced Writers. and Possessors of Manuscriptson the efficient Pubolication of Books intended for gmene ralceirculationrriratedistrbutiom Sent Post freetDoordersenclosiug 12 stamps. SanesadOtley, publishers, Conduit-street. lNotire-Under the especial Ia'oag of Her Majest and Prince Albert j'[R. LODGFs PEERAGE andl BARONETAGE Kor l856 is now published, and may be obtained of the booksellers. latralbrachs i corecedby hei rereenttivs,An authenticatd hstoy f te fmiiesof hehghet lasesis thus obtained. The latst orrctins re adeandintoduedin their proper pwaes in, COnsqec fth yebigkei1toonstantlystauding-afeaturepeculirt7ti= or.Ithnwedto for 1856. just published the numneronachasiges occasind byte a eespecialyunoticed. Saundera and Otley, publishers, Cnuttre,Hanover-square. Just blsed, price Is. 6d.. T)A0.NK ofCHM EARTEPR, CuTeeny-, JL9LimfitedLidability Companies, and Free Trade: aPamplhlet. t EDMUJND 1'lILIJPS, Esq., ALuthor of "1Letters on the thurrency., s.c. London, Richardson Brothers 23, Cornhili ; Mann, Nephewsy. Cornhill; andliissenand Parker, 43,Miark-lane. In I vel., imp. Bra.. XLids., conta-inig upad of 1,100 pa,ges, with, Maps nd otherlllustrations, fiOBBN' CMMENTRY ont-he N'EW TESTA-. te ditficu.tlt passdedith odrevotionalfo tbedeciosetstheeend of each Aob. Wlondo, 61. Bergitztert. eetetet Ddn D ow rOeay an InewediTION-. t ediwn ion, price 2s.6., PHYICAN.Reise ad orrctd fomth Authormhat Comlants Lw Sirts,GeeraDeiliy,and Diseases of Warm Climaes. B G. OBERTROWE,M.D.The result of 30 yeare pracice Als, bthesameAutor, reprinfor publication, second Bye., cloth, 4s. SQ3,iINTING (Sltrabisiaus); its Causes andl Cure. C% . HOLTHOUSE, F.R.XS.E. Publislhed byJolmChurchill,11, New Btliligton-street. Ailr. VERRAL on the SPINE.-5th edition, rice 1s.d,ype5, IfATERAL CURVATURE of e SPINE; with st JUNew Methodl of Treatment fur Securing its Effectua Removal without the necessity of constantly lying down. B3y CHLARLESVERRAI,, aqe, Surgeon to the Spinal Hospital, London, Author of "T 9he Spine: its Curvatures and other Diseases," &c. London, John. Churcliifl, ~New Burligton-street, and all booksellers. Justxpublls-.bed. the £deditton, gratly enlarged. 1,356 pages. cloth 26g. rpHE CYCLOP.AEDIAof PRACTICAL R~ECEI#TS, JL and Collateral Information in the Arts, Professions, Manufactures,and Trades, including Medicine. Pharmacy, and Domestic Economy. Designed as a Compendious Beek of Reference for the Manufacturer, Tradesman, Amnateur, and Heads of Famllies, forssing a Comapreben-- sire Supplement to the Pharmnecopa!as.EBy AROLD J. COOLEY. London, John Churchill. New Burlingo-te. M1r. MACILWAEN. T UMOURS, their NTature, proper M1ode u investi- Je ation of their Causes, and Treatment. Bly GEO. MACILWAIY,. F.R.C.S., Author of " Medicine and Surgery One Inductive Science," Diseases of the Urethra and other Mucous Canals,' " Unity of the Body." Sc., Cons=Mp inSurgeonito the FiusburyDispensary,St. Ann's. Society, &c h - Just published cloth Bra., Sr., URASHTON on DISEASES of 'the RECTUM. MLLWe Imowofno work inothe English language so coupletc and practical."-Medical Circular. "It is the most complete. of all theworks at present under eonsideration."-Newr Yorlk Joumal of Medicine. ' Mr. Ashton's work-is bra man whoeTidently.ksowshnissub'ect pmctially"-MelealTimes and Gazete. London, John Churbi. 11. New Burlington-street. J)GRIFFITHS JONES on ELECTRO-CHEXI-- D ,- 3ATHS. by which mercurial and other mnineral compounuds mnay be eliminated from the living body, and deposited on the bath for ocular demonstration. k'lperand Co., Paternoster-row. For particulass apply at 43, Woborn-plaoe. DNIFORTANT to WOM,EY-Third edi tion, Price Is.,.p,st free, I s. Id. J"R.WILLAIIJONES's ESSAY on some of - the JI- mbtimprtntAFFECTIOINS of WOMENT, with Cases and. Illustrative Dosedi tions of a Novel Invention for their PreventionL and Cure. H. Bali&e. 219. IRegent-street. Jutpblishied, the third edition, price Be.. by, Post free 5s.4d Ju'I TFRUE andl FALSE SPR1ATORRHCA w ith a-view to the Correction of WIde-spread Errors in Relation to its Nature, Consequences, and Treatment. Translated -from thoGerman of Dr. PICKFORD. "Dr.rickford islImownbhyhisfrequent. practical c-ontributions to German medical literature."-London Mediical Gazette, " The editor has conferred a great boon by translating this litile b~ook The differenoeebetween true Epermnatorrhica and thovarious forms of disease which resemble it are accurately described,. and thus a safe guide is ofrered for the treatmlent of the mnalady.- Medical Circular. London, H. Baillire 219. Regent-street, Just publlshed, ON RUPETURE, and its Treatment bv- a now form 0of Instrumient; also on Prolapsus Uteri. By M. W. HILEYS,. formerly Lecturer at the Westinlster Hospital School of Medioe and lately Civil Surgeon in Her Majesty's Service in the East. Hery Renshsaw, 356, Strand. S1MHIJX on S ARIEZA -3s. Gd. ~ARSAP'ARILLA, and how- to ensure its sucqess, I'Z giving tue genuine forms audbest preParations, together with thevaiu iseo disease iu which it may be beneficially employed. A~l.ot-tand Co., & Patemoster-row. Fifh diio, rie s.Cd, osag fee wthnumerous Cases O N CON UMPTIO , Bronhitis,Asthisua, &c. : the- ediisyis nrntrveribl."Lttros R vie. Simpkdn. Marshall, Just published, price Is., post free for 14 stamps FIIHE CIENC of LFE; o, Howto Secure Mioral Landbytial Hppiess.WithPracieaObservations en Debility, Nervusnss,and eprssin reultng romclose Study, Sedentary IHabits Intemprance, igh Liing, orDissipaion.9B aPHS- CO1NSUItPTOX simply and successfully TREATED. ER. GEO. THOS. CONGREVE's TREATISE. i!Livilbe sent post free for five stamips. In clear one simplelanguage it defines the nature and causes; describes the symtoPtms, progress, and successful treatment; dispels the popularfEallaq;tliat consumption is incurable by 6ound argument ; andl a record of interesfting. and extmsonlinary cases of cure.-fl, lisnover-rtreet, Peckham. Third edition, juist published, price 2s., byjs 26 stamps,.y T'EBILITY and IRRITABILIT~ inducedlby DJ SPERRMkATORRHI(EA:. the Sypos Effects adRatiornal Treatament. By T. H. YEOMNAN, RNll., Fl.rscia i the, Genral .post-ofice Letter-Carriers' Provident institution, &c. London, Effinghamn Wilson, U, Reyal Exchange and, y post ouly,from theAuthori 25, Lloyd-square. Justpublished. price 2z.. Post free 2s. Cd., AN ESSAY on SPERATORRH(EA; it-s Nature Aand Treatment, witha on Exposition of the Frauds that are practised by Persons who advertise the speY, safe, andl effectual Core of Nervousg Derangement. By a M~E,B of the ROYAL COLLEGE; of PHYSIIAS.London. W. Kent and Co., 51 and 52. Paternosterrow. M EMOIR n the COLERA a OXFORDin the Year185; wth onsdertios sggetedby the Epidemic. By3 HENY W ACAIi. MD.,F.RS*,P.R(4...Fellow of the Royal Colegeof hyicins,Le's eadr n Aatoy.Radcliffe Libranan. Physcia totheRadlife Ifirary an totheOxfordl Board of Heath n 854 he Lndo, JhnChuchil,and John Henry and. Jame Paker Oxfrd,Joh Heny ad JmesParker. Justpubishe, coth,plaes, e. d.,by poist. 4s. 2d., -(hIT HT PLES rolase, issue, Fstriab, to be ~JCUI'orTIEDl-~o Canthes Dimsesbe Cured withont supersedgthediytretmnt, simplEe,dasafe, and ceritaion.sit Caes, Byth TRDEE ATISE.. on Sthe en . ATOneY ofPheystiioport,antd improemsens in moder conservAtivdey surgery. Bandothre BLngas in both Sexes; with Practical Remarks on Specific Eruptions: tc, which is added a Chapter on the Natuxre and Treatment of hipermator- N SPERINATORRHCEA. BY J. L. MILTOLN. 0Reprinted from the original papers in the Laucet. "We do not, thinlk the subject could have been bandied inna more unexceptionable and jdcosmaunnr."--Medical Circular. London, Kent aLnd Co., Paternoste-,row. Just ublished, price is.. 13 stamps byet O N the CA US fDEA fthe TEETH, andl thL- Cure of Toothacb, without Extraction. By DONIALDSON~ MACKENZI-E, Author of anImproved Method of Artificial Teeth. Churchill At home froml10till 5.-21 A,Saville-row. Just Published, price Cd-. post ANESTOOTH FXRCIbN by CONGETIN (Remarks on). By J WHMTEMA.N WEIM'B IS.A.. Surgeon-Dentist. JohnF.Shaow. Southampton-row, andrPaternosterrow. Mlr. Webb operates daily, from 101to4, at 21, Southamapton-street, Bloornsbury-sq jare. NEWiWOR onaCesUM5sTIONyJDt, pbehd codedition, Cl ~ ~ ~~N isCauses rvnin n Cure, %-I BY THOMAS B3ARTL=T. M.D "Tett entrcoin. mended by the author is founded upoa generlpicpe hc aPPear to us to be corrc-tP-Medical Timeasuad Gzte W a eately rcommend it, as containing sound views adcsnatwh the kowledge of the day.t-Dublin Mledical Pes Aseln w0rk.`-Sun. "No family ever vistedbycnuatnouhtoe without the booLk'-Standard. " Good sneadsinii nweg are the chief characteristims,"-Globe. "D.- rlt s nildt u tbanlms."-Pzeas. "We remarkin every poton of the bo on rc tical screO and great medical mcrlnaweg."Bl Wel esegr "Dr. Bartlett's volume has isitereote us very mnuch'-cnoL it "The volume wfilbefound ofmuc serriceY-M,~oxningAdetsr "We confidently recommend a careful consideration of itseail, MormingChromucie. "A valuable contribution to medicalliteatm-ur. ,Momaia Post. "Not unlikely to effect a coniiderable revollutioninth, medical treatment Of OOnruiption.'I,-IIo-iu Herad. H. Esillijire, 219. Rezent-street, London. "'N the CUR o 'IRVT, Pios, Prolapsue, &O., Wihot heOpertion of the K ife wth Illustrative Cswsc. By -.. JVAN BUTCHWork~ cu, - BeingaLnAhtldgment of the Author'sWr Observtjions," &. "1The great surgical skill and attention of3Mr. van Butcheulto ocrtabi complaints of a mostpainful nature avrewelknown."t-Beli'BMessengiiT. -. imso, pubIliser, 10, King Wiliam-street, Charing-cofe. I
SALES BY AUCTION. North Dcvon.-The Easteigh and Westleigh-Manors, Bartons and Estates, with capital Mannor-house. Barton and Farm-houses, Offic.s. 1,a,r.ss and Paddocks, Cottage Residence and Grounds, Dwellinghouse, Cottages. Orchards, and Gardens, near the market towns of Barnstanle and BidefordL aud extending over about 1, 100 acres. t ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST beg _l jto inform the Public that the above valuable PROPEllTY will be offered for SALE, at the Forteicue Arms Hotel, Barustaple, Tomorroow, at 2. in 29 lots.-6°, (ld Broad-street. Mlay S. Old Bcttlcd Port3. Sherries. Clarets, Hock, Cnampagne, and Spirits 1ESSRS. J. E. PUDDICK and Co. have been 5 M favoured with in,tructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their Boomis. 314 A, Oxford-street, on Wednesday. May 14, at 2 mospunctually, a large parcel of fire extrewely old WDBES and SPIRITS. 'The wines rmay be sampledand tasted at the office, and catalogues had000 dozen in all. to be sold to cover an advance. Elegant Tea and Coffee Scr1ices, richly-gilt cut-glass Decanters, &c. Paper and o ther Iasys, EUperfine Fireirons, &c. YR E. THIOIAS w^ill SELL by AUCTION, at iIhis GaDlery, 3C. eicester-square, THIIS EVEI:N-IsG (Thursday', lay S, at 6, BOOISS, prnats, paintings, carved and other frame' wearing appearel, bootb and shoes, 30etea and coffee ervices. richls gilt cut-glass decnnters,vwrne glassee, handsome paper tea trays,iap-ned ditto, Ore-irons, household furniture, &o. On3 view, and catalogue hbad at the Rooms, AtGriffin's-wharL 3 -lane. Tooley-stCreet.-By CORNELI, on the No.3 (F) Floor of the above Phar, on Thursday, Ilay 15, at 1L, now unpacked, and arranged in about 200 lots, Very useful assortment of good Household Furni- A ture. a cinnaon pressing machine, a easeof artesian welU-boring iriplenments, and othermiscellaneouseffects and comprise thejudicious appointments of a genteel eight-roomed dweDing-house. besides other domestic articles; quantity of packing oaS, rice bagging, and( other itemns. May be viewed on Wednesday and rooming of sale. Catalogues had at~ the counting-house of the wharf;- and o th acineer, at his offices, 2. High-street. Newington-butts. Hamme =mieh.-Leeirablaemail Leasehold Investments. 3B. GEORGE BERRY will SELLby AUCTION, iii at the 3art, To-morrow 31ay9, at I for 2precisely, in nine lots, NINE HOUSEs, each contaanng oLt rooms and wash-houseowithfront and back gardens, being Nos. 1, 3 4, 5 C, 7. 8 9, and 10. Munden-street, near the main road, Hammersmith, eight of which are let to respectable tenantsofoldstanding, theother in band, presentingasafo investmelnt to Persons of limited capital' May be viewed, and particulars had I days Priorto the sale; at the Hand and Ftower, Hammersmithroad .atth Mart; of Messrs. Snrr and Gribble, Abohuroh-lane, city and of the ilctLioneer. 8a, Mtcombestreet. telgrave- muare. S3denhanu. I;ent-VaInalb;o Freehold Residence, ahout five minutes' walk ftom the RPilwvay Statioa and the Crystal Palace. ],, R. OIVE-N wvill SELL by AUCTION, at the MIart, LYkon Tuesday, May 27. at 1, by order of the Execnters of the late MisLsTrehearn, a gentecl detached FREEHELD RESIDENCE, substantially brick-h-slt as(t of neat elevation, lknowvn as Winderere Cottage, containing four ted rooms, dressing room, two sitting room-, e-ntrance hal, lal necessary domestic offices and cellarir.g, with gardens in front and rear. 31ay be viewed 10 days prior to salte; and particulars obota ied at the principal inns in the neighbourhood; at Mr. Colyer's, 17. Fenchurch-street; EI. S. Itedpath, Esrq., solicitor, 9. Old Jewrychambers ; and of the auctioneer, UIpper Sydenham, and Burnt Ash, 2L Denbigh-place. 'Warwiek-square, Pimlico.-Excellcnt Furniture Pilano in 1o0ewovod, Cabiuets, Bronzes, Engraviugs, China, Glass, 1IESSRS. J. B. HAWKER and Co. will SELL by .IA ACTION, To-morrowv. Mjay 9, at 12 for 1. by order of the Propsiser,the aphl FUNITRE. ompieig Arasi.ia bedsteads, and reding, drawvers, toilet and choral glasses. marble-.toi 'rashtands, and dresing t_'bles wv.a;robe, a drawing room suit in rosewood, and in crimon ltrecht velvet, noble chimney glances, dining room furniture, lit-rary furniture, l' chairs in oak and in le.ater. psoof engravings, lated articles,chia,glsss,and kitchen items. On view the day prev.ous lr,d morning of oslo. Catalogues on the premiers' and of the anctirreer. Wncdrfield-road. Harrow-roadl. To Confectioner and others.-In Bskruptcy.-Rt Thompson, Croy- don.-Stock. Fixtures,Utensils, HorsOCarts, Furniture, and Effects, with Beneficial Lease and the old-established lBusiness. _1,R. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, 1T on the Premises, by order of the Assignces, en (onday. May 12. at 12. (unless previously disposed of by private contraet,) the sitbetantlai HOUDSEUOLD FUFINITUItE, of the orditnary des.riptiol ; the Stock in Trade comprising confcetionry, gums, essential oils chocolate, cocoa. jams, marmalade, candied peel, c.; the Fixtures and Plant, :nclrinding coppers, preserving pans, lozenge and drop mouilds, mahogany counters, nests of drawvers, and the usal shop fittings: two hormes three tilted carts, spring van. harness, nd various effects; and at § 'cleck. the Bieneticial Lease of the Premises, with the Goodwvll of the Businets. May bo viewed. Catalogulevs onl the sleciises - of Chas. Wetborre, Esp, seliitor, 1Z, fluke-street, London-bridge, and of the anct>ior.eer. 23. Poultry. Wiltshire.-Farm of 55 acres for Sale, M ESSP.S. HANNEN are favoured wvith instrtetions efrom cha Executors of the late Mr. James Nuttbeem to SELL by AUCTION, at the Crown Inn. Fordinghridge. liants, on Oriday. Mfay 3'6. at 3 o'clock.a most dcsinrble ESTATE. equial to freehold. situate at WhitsuryT. three mlUes from Fordingbridge. and 8 fr,m Salishury. consisting of a comfortable farm-house, barn, staddle barn, granary, stable, nag ditto, waggon-house, cown-pens, piggeries, fi.el-house, ciderhouse. and other out-buildings, a large garden, three capital orchard, nd 2d .acres of good arablo land, for many years in the occupation ow the late Proprietor. The estate is held for the residu e of a term of l.QCO years, granted by indentmre of lease, dated 10th April. 162?. Plenty,of hunt;ng, shooting, and fishing can be obtained. Immenliato po3s3sosin,1may bc had on pag-ing for the crop in grounmd aLnd usual acts of hus3bandry. Further particularo may bo known,. and a map3 seen, on application to It. . Dary, Es.t., solicitor, Fordingbridge, or to lMessrs. l{ann-en. 3r.ctionleero and estate agents, Fordinghridge. Elegant Mrodern Furniture removed from 36, Carlton Villas, Mfaida- vale. to th: Assembly Rooms at the Eyre Arms, St. John's-wood, a "sle not being allowved on the Premises. R. F. G. DEBENHAMVI has received instructions k to SELLby AUCTION, at the Assembly Rooms. as above. on Thsursda5 next, May15. at 12, the handsome modern F URN'ITURE suxpplied by first-rate Londonupholstcrerse; comprising s5perior mahogany four-post and Arabian bedsteads, mattrs.ses, feather heds, and clean 'edding. winged wardrobes chests of drawers, and ueful chamber equipments.eegant drawing room suite in carvedwalnut rieb Chinasik ,indow curtains chimney glasss, console table. marqueterie cheffonier, splendid velvet pile. Brussels and other carpets, beartbrugs. mahogany e1tending dining tables, and 12 chairs with stuiffed seats and hacks covered in leather, sofa and easy chair to correspond, a fne-toned barmonlurn in r.esewood ease, S few onoioepalntings, and proof engrvisvngs, china, and glass, kitchen utensils, Mclay he viewved the lay prior to sale, at the AssemblY Roomns, or any day previously by special order at 36, CarltonlVil8 wrhess cataloteu may be hbad; also Jt the Byre ,&xres ; andof Mr flebeslba 8O, tSua -c In ChancesY.-Collection of Ancient Picturis, removedl from Moltren. - Ihama iIiESSES. FOSTER and SON will (under an order .LLOf the Vice-Chancellor) SELL by AUCTION. at the Galery 54. Pall-malli. on WedLesday, May 14. at 1,' a COLLECTIO'N of ahou~t 49 PICTURES~ including two Eine examples of MieA, a capital Mr. land, two good picturesbyflirk Van Berghemn, a fine portrait by SirI J0shua Reynolds and specimens of- Wouveruaa Mocland Moucheron Boos PaZiaede. R.Ubn C.y Fe~ To wichwil beaddd th fblewng ineworks, the property of a cleryma :-n urigt Lads~e. yJ.andA. Booth; a Landscape, lubied t th BrTihe Inatittin ars Lands fcapg. Cs,fo r M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON informnthe public that these CATALOGUES are now READY, price Is., and may be had at their offices 54. Pall-mall. The whole of the sale will be on viewv at S, Thurloe-place, Brsompton, by catalogues only, on Saturday, loth Slay. Pall-malt.-The Casket of JeweIs and Trinkcets of the late Mrs. Ellis. AilE6S S.FOSTELR and SON are directed to SEL byAUCTION, at the Gallery 54, Pall-n-alL on Thurs- day, May 5, at 12 for 1, the JEWELLERVY, chielly manufactured by Messrs. Hunt and Roskell for the late Mrs. Ellis; including a row of Orietal ears, billant evige boochandpair of ear-rings, a set of eigh briliat drss uttes ad parofar-rs,g, twvo sets of dress rins wthlare ad inesaphies,ruies ad opals,a pair of superb emealdcarrins, lcke wach ithcirleof brilbants, fashionable elati brllan brceet a aretandbrllant ball parue. The *a ilver-alit cabaret breakfast service. M-ay be viewdtoayprr at54. Panl-manl. S all-msll-Omainental China, Decorative Furniture, andI Object, .r Taste, of the late Sirs. Ells. MESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to remove from Thurloc-place, Brompton. and SELL by At'LOTION. at the GaUlery. 54. Pall-mall, or, Friday. May 16, at 1, the DECORATIVE FURNITURE, china to.'comprising a taupwooedcensole surmounted by a magnificent Sleres clerk, decorated with medalUlon portraits of the beauties of Louis EnTV,, a buhl table and jardiniire. purchiased in theExhibition of ISIs, alullp wood and Sdvrea casket on stantd, apair of buhl cabinets, boudoir t-able, feur pair of nearly niew cisn ai damask window cuirtains and gilt cornices, gilt sofa. 13 chairs nd`fan-!~ Iteuils to matsh, Dresden China groups, candlesticks, mirrors d6jeliners, labstands, a dessert service of baskets, dishes and 24 perforated plates, candelabraamd candlecticks and agreat variety of Parisian ornaments. Maybeviewed twvo days prier at Pals-mall. Thurloe-place, Bromptan.-The nearTly New anid Modern Furniture-ol the late Amrs ullls. MESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUCTTION, on the Premises, No. 8, Thurloe-place. en Saturday, May 17, at 12 for 1, the nearly new and well-manufactured HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, including a mahogany rarisian bedsteAd,with cerise silk hangings, and curtnins for two windows, a 7-feet mahogany wardrobe, with panel of plate-glass, and other equally good hod room effets,velet ilecarpt, eveal himey,pier, and caoesoI glasses, andtabes ichy glt,polshe stel endrs,glass chandelier for six lleehold clotcurtsains fhors dinngro, aect o-fee moahogaleny peeastal side Oar, itthe lookionggass ba n Testeding diin tabl20,a 12 dininwo room, chae fooing leathr,asofa Fand asy chaRs,PERvIcESo china, :An emoste sitatiable glass; and ahp Nlo.t4ve conttae pinofrthie by lrinsnead- streehodHuetn hp, in the city of Leaden,; let en leases,.adi heocpUno most~~~~~~~~~ substantial House ana hp o 6 ntenrhsd fSinr Sho, a th bak o th fomerlot an bengNo. 3, Snowhill; let on leas to anin he ccuatin o, Mssr. Wbb,for a term of - years. Thes hosesp rsen exellnt nvetmets,andproduce a well-secured incoe of£200perannu. Mabe vewe by ermisio of the tenats;and artculas hd a theMar; ofSIears Garrand Jams,solcier, Sfflk-tret Pal-alleat;and of Meas. Froster Two miles from Brighton.-The Ovmgdean Estate, anl Freehold and free of land-tax; comsisting of a capital Ma,sion. and-a Farm of 510 acres. together with the Mdanor of Wighten Calefe. M 1ESSRS,. FOSTER and SON are dlirected to announace for SALE by AUCTION, on Tuesday, the 20th day of Mlay, at 12 o'clock, (unless Dreviously disposed of by private contract), the OVIINGDEALN ESTATE, rather less than twvo miles fromn KemP-town, and formerly the property and residenice of Nathaniel Kemp, Esq., consisting of a capital farm of abont 350 acresofa,rable, meadow. andpastureland. withfarsncottege andother cottages, farm yard. and anappropriate agrimiltural buildlings. together wi'th Ovingdean-hoinse, a capital residence, writh detached offices stables, coach-houses carriage yard, pleasure grounds, plantations: walled paddock, kitchen garden. greenhous, and melonx ground. The farm is let on lea-se to Mlr. ksteyning Beard, at £310 per annural: the mansion and grounds are let on lease to John Vibart, Esq., at £3260 per annum, The situation in singularly healthy, the inland and marine views are extensive and beautiful, the lands marry a good folock of sheep all the year, and the proximity to Brirhton must ever give an im. portance to this estate. Particulars may be hiad of Messrs. Hopgood, solicitors, King Willaiam-street, Strand; and of Miessrs. Foster and San, 54 Pall-mall. whoareauthorized totreatfor the sale by private conitract. Freehold Grouind Rents, £572 per annum, on the Paddingtoxn Estate. AM ESSRS. FOSTE,R and SON are directed to SELL -by AUCTION, at the Mfart, on Tuesday, May 20, at 12, in 1S lots, FREEH-OLD GROUND RENTS, amounting to £352 per annumn. abundantly secured on 22 capital residences in Norfolk-square, and three houses and sheopa in CatmbridIge-ulaceo; lsho some extensive stablig o th noth ideof orflk-quae.A smiall portion of the proert i lesehld reewbleforevr a apepprerorn rent and fine of Oo, beng n ffet qiteeqal n vluetothe freehold. Particuflars maybe ad, 1 daysbefor the ale, t theMart ; of Mesars. Blunt andShawel. ellitos,13,Ausinrisa; ndof Messrs. Foster, 54 In L'bsncery.-Wandssvorth and idttle Ebury-street. Pimlico. 1~IESSRS, FOSTER andl SON will SELL by AUCkV.ITION at the hfart, on Tuesday, 20th Slay, at 12. in three loin, LEA EE1tOII) GROUND RENTS of £4-35s., and;eIS per'annum. a'Mundantly secured en an extensive estate in Belmont-terrace and Ciifton-street, Wandsworthi-road. held free of rent for abaut 20 years; abaw a leasehold house, 12. Little Ebury-street, Pimlico, held for 63 y~amat 1 goandren, Tis husewil besold subject to the life soteestof lay aed 5 yers.Paricuars14 aysbefore the sale, at te Mrt;of ichrd lowmn, eq. soicior,7. Lincoin's-un- Charles-street, Manchester-square.-A coed Leasebold Investmsent. MESSRS. FiOSTEVR and SObT will SELL by AUTCi TION, at the Mart, on Tuesday. Sl1ay 20, at 12, an execelent LE-A'SEHOLD privatte DWVELLING-HOUSE, in good, snbstantiai, andi ornamental repair, being iNo. 4 on the nLorth side of Charles-street, Man.i wiheater-cloes is verysbintaancofrbe,ndotisal viee by permisinofthtnstCadtoveadpriclsmy son,.oiios awhrt et St. JOhn's-wood,-Well-built Careases of first-class Houses. 1jESRSM. FOSTER and SON wilfl SELL by AUCJ.T..TION. at the Mart, on Tuesday, Slay 20, at 12, the substantiallyhuiilt and well-timbered CA-RCASES of TENT detached DWELLINGHOUSS, itute o th noth sde f Bunday-rad,leading from Abbe-roa, S. Jon's-ood Eac houe ocupis a lotof gro~nad of Of, rotae ad 00ft dpth ad il b leae diet from the crntse ofth Eye Etat fr S yers t 17 per annum. Slay be mewe: an paticuarshsd f Mesrs Garardand James, solicitors. 13, uffok-sreet Pa-maneast an Mesrs.Foeter and Son), 54, Worrester.-Revesin to Land and to a Sumi in Consuls. El ESSES. FOSTER anid SON will SELL by AUCT .TION. at the M1art. Lendon, on Tuesday. the May 20, at 12. Let 1. An ABSOLUTE REVERSION, on the death of a lady in her tthya,to 17 acres of meadowv land, celled Digleys. in the parish of St. Pe_ter lthe Great, a short distance from the city of WVorcester, in the tenure of _Mr. John Hood. at £15 per annium, held by lease, renewable evey rvenyeas, t £ 6s. 3d. per annum. Let 2, One-Fourth iLasrt of Ef 0 Conols stadin in he amesof ighly respectable trustees, Mile-end.- Freehiold Groundi Rent of £6 I6s. per sansiun. ~/ESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL byr AUC_tl TION, at the Blar-, on Tuesday, iMay 20, at 12, TV, 0 FREE110LD HOUSES, situate in Chiarles-street, Stfile-end, M,iddlesex, let on lease for 59 years from 1852 at £6 Gs. per annum, in consideration of at Iremiuniof £350. Particuilars may be had of T. A. Brown, Esq,, solicitor, 3, Greatt Jamies-street, Bedford-row ; and of Messrs. Foster and Son, 54, Panl-mall. P'all-mall.-The Ornithological Collection exhi'bited at the Slarlbortnugn Gallery, Pall-mall. 31 ESSRS. FOSTER and SON arc directecl to SELL iTtby AUCTION, at the Gallery, 54. Pall-mall, on Saturday. May 51, rtt 1 precisely, in lots, the ORNITHOLOGICAL EXHIBIBTIOA,, arranged in 214glass eases. This museum contains nea,rly every known varity f te fathredtrib, aeuningto ometliousanCLs of the most sin anvalabl spcsmus,oilete atalmstunlimited expense from the ourquatersof he lobe Th Trpica Bids,the Series of Eagles, theBids f arais, te rgu Peasnt, ad heMacaws and Parrotsareof emakabe billincyof olor, nd achbird is so arranged anteconvy t thespecato a crrec ida ofitshabits in a state of natre.Eac cae wll orma lt. n vewgratis all the week, and ±-sil-mall.-Fashionable Jewels and Bijouterie, 70 Gold Watches.-.By direction of the Assignees under a commision of Bankruptcy, ,jESSES. FOSTER and SON -%vll SELL by AUCi TION, at the Gallery. SI. Pall-mall, on Tuesdlay, Jume 3, at 12. the selected and mesh valuable PORTION of the modemn STOCK of JEWVELLERY, includin-' a brillant drop brwooh a-ad stud, bracelet of brilliants and opals, hri'?lant lockets aud crosses, gold neck chains chatelaines, neclrettes. pins, rings, buttons, and studfs set wvith brIliaut,s, rubies, emeraldIs. turquoises, pearls, anid opals, 70 gold dluplex, lever, and horinontal watches, a goldi minute repeater, a chroniome ter, an)dmiscellanies. Catalogueswillbe had ofMlessrs..Taylor, Cohisson, anid Woodward, sollcitors, 20, Great James-street, Bedford-row; of ft H. Cannon, Esqj., oilicial assignee, 15, AldermanburY; and at li; asm. Foster and Son's, 54 Panl-mall. Italian and Dsutch Pictures of great imspartance. U,ESSRS. FOSTER and SO N are diroctedl to SELL iYV by AUCTION. at the Gallery 54, Pall-mall. on Saturday, Slay 24. at I precisely, a COLLECTION of 1TA-LIA, Spanish, Dutch, and lylemisis PICTURES, of the highest quality, formed during part yearsi with mature judgment from celebrated ganlerie-s andI cabinets ; amnong many deserving of particular enumeration may be noticedJu]iter and Antiope by Vandyck, and several other important works fr om the Earl of Coventry's colleetion ; a Landscape andi Fig"ures, by Philip Wouvermans; Holy Family. larmegiano; sod a Lion riuat, by Rubens, from thee clection of Sir Thomias Baring; l'ortrait oflRuboens' Wife and Child, by Rubenis, from Lerd Somervil!e's colledtion ;a Landscape. 'Waterloo ; a fine Metzu, from Sifr. Lake's cabinet~ w Landsope and Wtra,bRusalHoyFmily Andrea dc- "at; Bnrgo.aster and his La,dy, yTeru and important specimens of the toliowmg g reatimasters:- Muillo Wt. Vanderveldo Ouy Both GIorin A. Vandervelde F. Sierds Sehalken A. dcI SarOto Wounemama vanderneer Watteau Parrmegiano EglouVandemeer Backhinysen - R. Wilson "lay be publicly viewed two days prior. Caalogueswill be forwarded on application to Messrs. Foster.,% P4 all-mall, Pall-mall.-The Foxley Pictures 14ESSRS.rFOSTERtand SON,having sold thoestate, ±Y~are directed by Sir Robert Price, Bart. ld.P., to SELL by A,UCTION,at the Gallery, 54,rFan-.mall.onWednesday, llth ofJune the FOXLEF COLLECTION of PICTURES, including 14 fine works whiceh were exhibited at the British Institution, in the years 1537, 1831, 111. ad 846 vi.,the Battle betweeni Alexanider and Porus, an im- porint orkby . Brghe, ad to oherpictures by tlhe same mastr~ e-taitof ld arr byRubns;twoLandscapes, by Ruys- Portsit oftheCone De DOliare, ad te BroteofPipIV Campidoglo; andspesimen of - ;andHl Family, Schiedone S. Rtosa P'armegiano Rulf Psuini Mol1a Onrionti Sir G.'Beamont. On view twvo days prior. and catalogues had Of Messr. Foster and son. 54. Pall-mall. Important Drawingsby Turner, also0 an unique Collection of Eagrav logs from his Works, and some very choice Eaglish Pictures and Drawvings the property of John Dill, n, Esq., remnoving from his residence at6roydon. ',fESSRS. F OSTER and SON have receivedl instruciL 0ins to SELL byAUCTION, at the Gallery. 54, Pall-mnan.on Saturilay. June?7, at 1 precisely, DR&WINGS by Turner, compristing somec of his most coveted and precious productions, including-The Juniction of the Greta. and Tees, engraved in the Yorkshire; the Pyremids. andI Nazareth, engraved in Finden's Bible Illustrations ; Old London-bridge, engraved by Goodall; Florence, engravedmi Hakewell's Italy ; Plymiouth, sutli Effect of a Rtainbow, enigraved by Lupton ; Saumur and Nantes. each engraved in Turner's Riv-ers; ljanwrst on thie Lonway, fromblirJobrn Pilkington's Collectioni; the Hospice of St. Bersard. with PencilSketches byLanldseer and StosTlha.rt. The engravings are in matchles condition, and include, it is beheved. a complete collection of the works of this great artist, in the very earllest states of Englnd nd Vale, te Suthen Cast theYorshie, rovincialAm-u tiqitis, e.,areof nrialld eauy. lsoa fw fne nglshpictures Barrow-road, Paddington.-Two neat eight-roomned Houses, held on lease for QO1 years. W M. SELF and SON as- instructed by the Exc- cuitors oftiie late Mr.John Drinkwstereto SELL byA'UCTIONV, at the%Windsor Castle Tavern, Harruw-road. P'aldington. on Tuesday, SlTay'-0,. at 6 in the eveniing, in two lutS, TWVO eight-room DWELLINGHOUSES, with forecourts and yards, Nos. 4 and 16, Carlton-terrace, Wocoileld-roadl, Harrowv-road, about one mile fromn Paddington-green. The houses have recently been let at a rental of £36 per annum each, but are newer, hand. They are held by lease for a term of about go years, at thierepective ground rents of.£6and.£8 per annum. Maybe viewed and particulars had of Mr. Rudkin, 17, Carlton-terrace; of Thomas Wheatley, Esq., solicitor, 9,3Rash-lane. Cannon-street. city, at the place of sale' at the.Salmon and Ball,Berhnal-green-Oad; ana of Obe auctioneers il, Crowaa-street, Finsbury. In ianlmruptcy.-Stockc in Trade. Furniture, and Effects of a, Trunk and Packing-caise-maker. A . R DWIN FOX illircedt SELL by AUCTIN,o TION.tat P thie,, 10t, DWerdenesatee. Maoho, atI 12Y Mahe RIVE ANTbyOrdEr ofTATe rsignete inSt Patnr ellis he Isand oft Grenadan cotaDEin of1 aTreiofNeyfetl lad ndadK-aStedMAfor ealeor te cultian va~~~~decition,a tpeeti xeln cndtueefects.il capble ofiewe sdte da prio an monIn ofsal. aid ataogus hdgooth prdemie. andma Mr.Edwn Fx'soffces 41 Coema-steet Ba usnk. uo lf Urena~Valable ugarEstat, ina hig staenof anltiaatinn. TION,at th Mart on Wdnes am.may14 at1bte obtinedof AXTOIE FSTTE~ stuat in S~ Patielsaminthei-stado reet inada Vtioand t prsentin ecellnt cltur,ht oelmcaablEteeof conkier aBusey Hextesio, w ithalnecessaly fout-buidinshe in atiood ondr corn prisng n exellNtotrmtll boiling Rancuinghow,aiyo.lf an u store, 5at opaciosnegdays house. 14g cattle b prens ond all negaesery icmpaemet CTAnd appurtenanCEs wcllenltg gresdence pfo manage, and forsanl oversemer's hueParticular manay eoul lbta off) laesr. Th. aeidndcS ct.ntain. soliiors, 32.h Sstabamtn- brn.t, etand; ofe ressrs. Maybenvieiand, Bandie patcuas. hai-stree.' Edinurgh; athMatanatf.EdiFo'ofce,4.Coleman-street, Bank. Nj't orth1id Wester.LngRiwy M Ri B. EDWIN FOX will SELLbyA TINa thMart, on Wednesday. May 14. at 12, b re fteSot gtgeea ompgacta COTTAG apwrEofsaDeC, waita larere,pd dockY, ancouprismall tienemclents adrinkbingladat gosle f) statd einea thNown 2 f 27 shey. and 29rnSt. anuers Cttge,patr lane.cbh Baresidence conitaitns1 roms t ihe stbtncc anu& n ieans,lit frimedite pmoissesgion hleld onr lanefrl2yssa e served rental,7 ylays be viewed, arond preticlr haoff . .Ec Eos. 8 , slctr 13lefr-rwentt r di aox t ofiens,1 aolm d-stee, StBan lsterc,k.ls-od .msunti gton,111 idereaenu -Loau LeshldEttermof. MR.EDWIN FOX wil SELL by AUCTION, at - - the Mart, on WVednesday. Mlay 14, at 12, intwo ltxs,byE ordE-o thERSINtort oieefoundrta pawrt of sal,5 capditalS LEASEOD. PevTreoper etY, condipriing live naexelen hrigkbnlt dwsetallng-hustes, state i~and beingth dcease6 27.2 agndt2e.aS. Paugs-lae n7ears Srit.d Paul's Chuarch Balispnd.cnioo saletn iny the obandoupatiationfrepetabler trienat, atrents amrounting tosrs R1. perlis Danumbeldefo and unex-b soiiospired eterm of M0yas ttesslow groudrnd rEntofr2eac hoiouse.1 Aloh- qteet,,3 Bedford-rowv; and at Ir. EdwinFox's oflices, 41. Coleman.tret sreet,. Bak Vahlus.abElingAbsolBuildeversion.oe MR. EDWIN FOX illircedt SELL by AUCTIN,a the.N Sttth art, on Wednesday, May 14, at. 12, h.ASLTEWOE IERSOND tooe-fOUrth part onfini3,1d, andvan O iageousl, Niaew Thre psyablea onrthdeas of rln.Nay bentiessnvaed an7 yearti,uPrinted paftMatl.Fq_solicitors,Cieneser of aneas ryilnder tteat and ateslcios Air.Jhn street5 Befr-o;ada rdiFox's officer,441, Coleman-street,Bak Leshods.eateealing-TodBuilers.adotes M .EDWIN FOX is dinsrected to SELL by AUCTpION, at the Start, on Wednesday, May 214, at 12. nfu ltsO LEASEOecllen HOUSES,il one uningoished, adatagheousl situate inos the bs prouiga,rt sena of Balingranai. May be viewWed, and priuashdo p clarel.E..sh(olictor-~.J8.Cancr-ane;ig atsoictheMrt;14,duatlersbr. Edwi thFot;adtx' dii os offices. 41. Coleman-street. Bank IlofDg irsmte-by-townvestmentlo ml0l apivetlests-ToCffe lI.f. EDW IN FOX is dinsrectedl to SELL by AUCMT.TION., at the Start, onl Wednesday. StaY 21. at 12, in fou lts.% TWOrce-allet SHOPS.S willtandwellybing-house atatached,s situate,Ns hous an groer', fr whch rads exellntppenig a.Ireh presentead let, producing a grossx: ro(lcin rentalso 14praur. tyb iwd n at te rt; nd t M. Ewin ox' offcesong Coermsan-treet.grBankd raomrh.T,snll Capit.-alss and Meovers ofBidng aSoce. q ~R. EDWIN FOX is directed to SELL by AUC.Li. TION', at the Mart, on 'Wednesday. Mfay 21, at 1. an smlotl1 bLec-ASltHOUS ROES,sbsaTilY bumpitind advantagously sfu ituae ino ), populotand imroing loc2ality, ReingarNos.t 10e Lon16,oreoanci t,errce,st.eonrd's-oado. 1, 2U-tre, and I,aUpper North-stercee, andes fr-tetWawrhleatrnsamounting, to £3514 per annum, an held frln em tlwgon ret.Myb iwd n aticulars had of Mesesss. Jay and Pilgrim, oiitm1.Bckesuy slitr,1,Bclrur;at the Mart:; on the premises ; and at Mr. EwnFXsOlc 1 Edi o' fie,4,Coleman-street, Bank. Haworeys-TFirsm-allCptaInvstmeand. Membrslo Building freociede. M R. EDWILN FOX is dELe tedUt SELL by AUC TIN.artteSat on Wedtuesday. Say 21. at 12, aNOspro nineaooU REASEHOLDfea PROPTd cniormprsn elevatin, horeste (fouvry with shop), ituteanbeig 1 2, udI Itch nds-troad. Lorrimre-.road I, Goceterroa. 1 Hil-steet an I nd 2 Strth-terng, Bermfor log trm t odeategrondrens. laybeviewed, andpr Coleman-street,ndCo' Bank. uty-h surtEtt,na noucney. thrattey r invstment.d bcry teua tos freeh olde=. Mtr.bn raul, FOXBte, n withtecoEurenL f byUTOMot thees Mart,L on Wednesa, May 21, Mart 12do, Ton supeiory nine-roomed RteSIECS imoftanet and urniforma ElevATio, erecte in Avhrt tery u- stantitalmanne, adeloctulystated inn imotproingurandufavounrayl positin biemingNros. psomandd4thrne-efroDrac icmnd-Sroad, Theekstaeyisro tuitg Threntl amtoutn tom£plepearm annmesthelds for mas long-antera. depirec froma therdfreeholdr, ath gampepepers Muaytrs bhe veiewednde patiuards hadon the prowom i,sles;lterdo the MatnoftJ S.d Story. aadq, solictor. at, agreat Jleame-treet. Bedfpporchd-row and eatytrotEding Pox's oThes 4,mColeatin-stafrdeet Bane2 rnipladk.daycabr Mdsrs.n trooisr and Co.'seis laniepeybodoThoeninghureto Esate nelgar muniEating DvtitelbaVI aspaiu al nd ndObiST arE boomt anlfydnounce that they aomeistructfredeb theAsine of S otcmltescharateran,Pu, and Bonaievres apondtwith theqnurrene fof thobemansor gens, toeiSELL byeaUtI, atthrero the dmert.inc n onfce Fridhesay,lJng1, cath hou, lbsuindry,t and otrnam-ofienta ETATe, kni-eownaseshatory otherwise Hihe flowhgratn, wtt beautifiul vlareideotncpre,re late therrsea,o SIrommaandelighmotful exesituae inda mosigtfuwvrti picturesque uty bu foreeold,f nureary. allr landtxredeemed oandeie an gportionfree fro great Theeacommodtiosafrdead arfect 24 Ahuit Mandseiondsycabr drSSingRooS AI and nusre,lde'JOiropNingONE tea delihtu coerlatory ay getlema' Astudy, af verssque dtrabawaidi ro.om SEnbyuAUCTIONg,on the lirarys,a spcous hllandav biiard3su roUom,indg loft ~ ~ ~ om :Maoay dining room; h oetcofcsaeo otcmlt ca-d 2pranctr,and containoevery capinmentg reuste for nbea'lrgn house.rolasundry,elandorther out-ofices. The laodies'onservatory opensaie buponr slthe bfllwrarden tble,alutifubllyladoutin parusrsels and terven cer comaning, dmostkxesv and chnzdraere,blightfuiw olaer thismpicturesqer portion, ofl Surre. Thereare also wanterie anlrdgrapeigs, and axtpro-v likemos oftheneigbouingesttes,fared tnaentaing by theestic~ rote. Prtculrs cein oure f pepaaton,andma be obtained o y apliaton o illamBel. sq,oficalassignhee,3 actolemanchamBanrpc.T evle acTaers, Lodnafnd atrStrio,Es. oiiorIthers.e a -MJE SSSRS. DAVIS and JOHNSTONE have bntreen intuteyythe Assignices of IMj MEdwsrds, taa no to SELL b UTO,o thy AUCTiONs, ongh-thprenset, Sontamton, nTeday, JueM.any following day,ra 12 fore2.i ehedy, the whl teecslyen APPOICK ET of WTHS and trhIns" counrmesdne,cnprisiD53glang thler copltebe2 equipments ofll 2erincpa aInd seondarye elchsambr valahoganodining room andllry raingroodnd suiver,ehains.t crvings,i broohe, pencilcsPs, sthels laies' poting,s deamask and chnt drapeie, bri wllin selacted chimey and pieran glassedods,vlal panintings and wautefram colourdraicgs, ant exk,utensr lnibe,srarvfhice books sinideboardaqatt of moenpate.mSrWrs7 mandereasde offmisces:hot-hosepat,admslanoseffects. Stlyeiwdnelyrcdnayleavinrd pathree das preceingdo tele byrcaaisges;o 'Wiseach,Beto bEQ, obtinedof WiaBelEs.ofcilassignee 3, Coleman-street-buildinge; of'W.Jns s.slctr 0 hergs, Londn; at theoWhite-Horse,Dctn; and of the auctionee, 8,Mrs63e, Mark-doe.Lodn byetck .a theeAsignesofoIr,J Edwards, tor SEL byAUCIOEN, on ti thePeises HatIgh-stmfree, Soutamptnesa,onTed. May 20. at 211r3,b fur12 rectisely, the whrolre of thc sexcenllet sTO, oACE n CACS comprisinge 33ghold and sialve waitchs.o24 brcEst.all, _merican, oland-lonaem clockrs,n a valuable anacomintoflii mewduler, winl lagel andclusiver chatuen rings brooches, penci Cotases, studs, ins.t watchbuikeis, sas also 4a small,p but wleep sealectd,tcfsle andexe(igYpo platied goods. consisin maof cruet fraes.cripdiespaticul.tosst racks.lbutte andpihel laneos, mfe.Say be viewedson days preceding-h sale, a andlit plartIculas, oBretaneod ond thelprmises; Lof, WhiinmBel OnaElq, offiiall asIgnee,, Algt CofltMa-rtrect-buidins of Win.ery JnsEq.solicito Feurch20 bKiling's. Ancusyrd,coogt-street,Lno; and oftthe aufcteer 6o, Sthearkaetionckr AregoardBRetoford, Essex.-BNfy Sbr CHAiewed S aty thmepe cdircing ofe thle.Poreo,i eeoe ATpiDsesrabnee Fornehiilcan EsexallmParta topyehold Estate-, free of land-tax, comprising valguabeBldin and Grmm ziong lnd,ag, witelrge sperioductiv gardenll.andtochard, t chreottsags capnvalsieam farm-buldings,an41.ir.1g of dW tee stapled o Nandexbeeingl pro-t ductie amle ad medowand,DesciptieCpatiuares, withalite-, graped lans ma be ed six aysprio tothe sale)t th alhitew Inn Adgae;of esrs CS ad BHllann. olicetos., FenharchtiheeMrt, Abrsidgets andRhufrsda,Esx SMay he, viwe an 1y dietime pochPoding ethe rsale. etrmL alal nc-dmrdPO UPniERT, oneare nortchuEreof tssexhighrpotadncotreehold EsatIea, borne-borladgte, adecomprising valuable Buldn andesofrailing Laud, aic very superior ohe f indmill. attaring d theretog sits ao cptal sreteamo gengielneighbngurxhpai of Upistoes, (ogthersp'o wihausaterbingin com towne groullnd-os,oe,tliswot ac esse w ottages , Granaries, aivr pedg Stow agec lbig n vr convenience for the trade. n h nin sspe alsoh Wtwo brick-built oMe sheagancl having Baker'skand PerkesButcher,swihhpbakerh anprbtle'so),athvnlarge prodIuctiveg gardens.Th ~j',I B. OAMPNESS repectfuteyannoncs,athato heii T has beenfAvore withinsrciost SELL by AUCTION, atth thMSart,i loin, oenesThursday, Ma13. a t 12 furls- , bydTIrecio ofths thlabePoreos MTATprhatsextrmey valabe Corandve muhadmiredl Pn1Fre gradin Land, thcefotages, u mofeing carmnsieo the St 1r-r.Ertaetio ofck villam reidenes benit u latae imnd tif p3arettsua, highntly wattraciv, id feromc walpon on the bannks alof two ric-bilt m3rckes-hll sates, t bakerst ride of Lendou, HSorusey-rise Estate, Hornsey,wvithiui an easy distance of the city and west end. Portions of these estates are already built upon, and offer an opportunity seldom met with for the erection of first-clas villa residences. Old Ford Estate. Bow. This portion of tho estate only lias the privilege of being converted into shops. Also that valuable plot on the Camberwvelt E state, especially set apart for tbo erection of apublic-hore. Particulars may be had of Messrs. Harrison and L ewis, solicitors, 14, Newv Bosw ell-ce,irt; aetthe Ited Cap, (.'nsberaaell-green; HWaiiley Arms, Horocey-road; Star nnd Garter, Richmond; .telera3phRotel. near the raiharay station., Forest-haill Old AFord; and at the St. John's-wvood estate office, (where plans of thom .scales may be seen,) 28, Portland-terrace, escr St. Jlohn's-wood h apel. St. Pielen's Coal Field, South Lancashire.-ToZICapitalists, Pubolc Companies. Coal Mreschants, and others.-hIost important and valuable Freehold Slineral Property, extending tinder upwvards of 1,100 acres of land, wvith the Slanorial Rights of the entire TosnshiP of Sutton, MRB. CAPES has received instructions from the Popronetor to offer for public SALv, at the Clarenilon Rooms, South John-street, Liverpool, on Friday, the 30th day of May instant, at 1 o'clock. in two loin, all those extelnsive and exceedingly valuablehRIIES of COAL and other IILNERALS, lying under upwards of 1,100 acres of land, in the toamuship of Sutton, near St. Heilen's together with tho Manor or Lordihip of Sutton, and the Manoral Rights of the entire Toomshit, extending over 3,725 acres. These valuable mines are rich i well- nown veins and seams of coal, and adjoin the rapidly-increasing town of St. Helen's. with its numeroesglass, chymical, and other important works. The Liverposl and Stanchester section of the London and Northb-Western Railway, and the St. Helen's Canal and Railalaay. interseetthedistrict, affording direct and rapid meanrs of transit to the ports of Liverpool and Runcorn, tho river hlersey, and the docks at Garston and Birkenhead. hTessrs. Bourmns and Robinson are now working a sonall psortioin of the nines, at a m inimum anniial rental of £600. The itushy-park Mine, the Oigher and Lower Ravenhead Delfs. the Bastion Sline, the St. Hielen's Main Delf the Four-foot Mine, the Cannel AIre, and the Burtonhead ;fTain Delf, have been proved to exist in this important coalfield. Independently of existing collieries, tcere are several eligible sites for the establishment of new works. The compactness of the coalfield, its advantageous poestion, and the alirost linequalled facilities of transit, render this mineral district emninently deserving the attention of capitalisms, public companies, coalI merchants, and others; soch an opportunity for profitabole inresiment rarely occurring. Particulars, vith plans, may be had of 1',esrs. Rewvson and Cress, solicitors, Brescot; SIfr. J. GS. Blackhusne, mzining engineer, Olfiharn; the auctioneer, 2, i'rincess-street, Manchester; and of Mfr. Alexander Bannerman, land agent, Ch iorley. .Lr.....,, Valuable and eboiceLibrary of Boob.consintingo0 aboutS,0() voluuie, embracing Voyages ind Triels, Eistory Topography, BiogrAphy, Classcs, the Belles Lettres German, Oriental. and Northem Lit-rature Persian. Turkish, and Arabic Manuscripts. &a., fromthe libra-, rica of the Dukea of Sussex, Lord Guildford, Sir MIFk Sykes, 14r. Hiemott. and other. MESSRS. FAREBROTHEE. CLARX, and LYFE .Xrespectfully inform the public that the SALE of the above v.in. able LIBRAJdY will he conitinued THISl DAY (Thursday), on the Premises Eandal's park. near Leatherhead, Surrey.- 1landa.U's-iark, nesrleatherbead,Surrey.-HouseholdFurniture,small Collectoa of Pictures, and nuaterous Effecte. ~JjESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARKi, and LYE have received instructions to SELL, on the Premises, as above, To-morrow. Ma9 and following day, at 12 each day, the HOUSE. ROLD) URiNIURE; comprliing mahoganyfour-postand iron bedsteads aLnd bedding, marble-top wasbastands, wardrobes and chests of drawers, cbeval and dressin lglass rswoodL leo. card, and occasional ta'blest, c-onches sofas, endg chir, onoe tables, chinmney and pier glasse of large dimensions, raahogany dining tables and chairs, hook. cases, suites of curtains, Brussls carpets, several valuable Prench and other clocks by Goret, Tom p in, Grimaldi, and Jobnson, ha., a few bronzes old Dreaden vasesand figures,Persion armour.weapons, asket, ndddrawings,meerechaum pipes, and omamuentaiitems;aeollectiooof pictures, including specimens of Brecklrencamnp, Calvert. Herring, ILe Roy, Msieris lpe, Pethe Powell, Ituydadl. Slingelsadt, Terburg, Towr, Van Wocrrell, Werster. a beaiutiful specimen by Patrick Naysmith, a.View on the Tunbirldge Road, and another specimen by the samemaster; enamel of Ring Charles L, afew drawinigs, ha.: two iron repositories, andfiarionsoether effects. May be viewed theoday preceding and morning at sale. Catalogues had on the premises : at the Swan Inn, Leatherhead : the Eagle Hotel, pso-m ; the Sun Hotel, RingEton; Of St. P. B. Hook, -,q. sollcitor, 9, Lineoln's-iun-fields ; and at the offices of Messrs Farebrother, Clark, and Lye. Lancasterplace, Strand. Saville-row.-Moderxi furniture, Chimney and Pier Glasses, Semi.t,jo,- tage and Cabinet Pianofortes, a Powerful toned self-aicting and keyed Pianoforte, by Rolfe, a few Pictuares, a richly-ornamenltedi S,creen, of e.egant design, for the decoration of a Salon ; and miiscellaneous Effects. liemoved from private Residences. MESSRS. RIUSHWORTH andc JARVIS will SELL Mby AUCTION. st their great Room, Saville-roor. on Monday, M,ay' 12. at 12. moder.FURNITURE. comprising chairs, sofas, concheat, cabinets, book do , whatnots, loo, card, centre, and occasional tables in rosewood and miahogany, chimney and pier glass.s in ornamental framaes, brillant-toned pianofortes by eminent maksreF, mahogany sideboards, dining tables'and chaeirs, bookcases and librsry tables, cabinet pictures of merit. a very richly decorated and gilt screen for the end or Bide of a salon 23 ft. by 12 ft. (exhibited at thie Crystal Palace, 1651). chamer ppenage, inludng renc an fou-pot besteds,excellentbeddng, ardrbes,chess ofdrawrs, nshssndsandtables. worh ad arvs,Sarll-ro, eget-tret,and 9 Change-alley, No. 2, Hyde-park-place, Cumnberland-gate.-Furnitue lag Glsss Pianoforte, and other Effects , also a Landault. M ESSRS. RUSHWORTH aud JARVIS have re- ceived directions from the Trustees to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premies To-morrow, May 9. (the residenjce having been disposed of,) ths wvhole of the capital FURNITURE, which is of the usual descriptioni, and includes the requisites of nine principal and secondary bed chambers, at rosewood drawving room sutite, writh curtains for five windows in mermo damask, a. noble console &lss and several large pier and chimney ditto. Parisian. clocks andc Ornaments, ormoulu suspendirng lamps,9 mahogany dining reem and library appendages, a grand Pianoforte by Tornkison, Brussels carpets uad rugs, fenders, fire-irons, s.c., dittings of hall and domestic ofrices, onlinar utensils, scrvices of china and glass ,and other useful effects. To ho Estaes o Lor Robrt Symou, deease-ab ut£.000 per annum. M R. EGOOD b~s to nform the puiblic that the whoe o ths ROP'kT wa S LD tteauction on Tuesday The very c-aia luin ,Mnfedsre,Portland-place.- LOOOD is istructed to SELL, at the XT L Aart Oi - (unlem disposed of by Private Contract), the PORTLANDT LEAAE (at a ground rent) of the sp,acious and very e-xcellent RESIDENCE, of superior construction and arrangement, inv'ariably the residence of gentlemen of rank and fortune, and lastly of his Excelleny the late Braztilan Minister;- with a frontage of d0Oft., there is a noble hall and grand staircase, wvith secondary ditto, of stone en atig rom.30 t. ay20,libary 29ft.by20, gentleman's rooma, 21 offces wih astale epatmet o th bet dscrptin,having stalls andboxforsixhores,twocariags, nd oom ovr.Held by an oriina lesefor11 eai, t atrilin goun ret, ndrenewable of the Dke ofPortand. pplyto Mr Elgod, 9, Wipobe-street. ToCyussand Druggists, &c.-Ellgible West-end Business. 1M/FR ELO D)ismisti-ucted to SELL by AUCTION IJon (or byyprivate contract, immediately), the LEASE asia GOODWILL of alhandsome SHOP and RESIDENCE, inan excellent leasling situatiorn, uar Cavendish,AManchester, and Portinan squares with a compact business. Capable of increase with a eili tcap)ital, and strongly recommeonded to any, respectable, competent young mnan, with £500 to £1,000. Apply at M1r. Elgo0d's office 93,1Wimapole-street. No. 43. Cranbours-strebtt Leicester-square.-Conspicuous Premises. R. E GOOD is instructed to SELL by AUCj- TO,on - (or to let or sell the same immediately by Private treaty,) the valuable MI.ESE, under the Crown, of a comipact and remarkably attractive SHOP and RESIDEQNCE, No. 48. Crauboiurmstreet, the comer of Bear-street, close to and looking into Leicester-square. bilherto let at £173 per aimum, and held for 6lyears at a ground rent, which lease will be sold, or an under lease may be had at a moderate rent. May ho viewed and negociated for by Application at Mr. Elcoosi's officer. 90, Wimpole-street. Leasehold Dwvelling-house. Idttle Guildford-strett, Ruaell-sonaxe. 1,R. LOUND willi SELL bY AUCTION,o. Mon,uday, AVl MNay 26, a bvick-built DWELLING-HOUSE, situate and beimst No. 32. idttle Guildford-street, Russell-square ; let at £35. and held for 41 years, at £-6 per annum, Offering a very safe investment. May be viewed, and Par-ticulars had of tbe auctioneer. 60. Chancery-lane. Semane.seasehold Residences, prouig£5 'ranm M.LUND WMl SBLL by AUCTION, on X Monday, Slay 26. FOUR. brick-built DIVELLfING-HOUSFS, situate and being Nos. 51, 52, 51, and 54, West-street, Neckiuger-road, adjacent to) the Spa-road Railway Station. They have been recently erected, and in anexcellent Position for letting. May be viewed, andl particulars had of ti e auctioneer, 60, Chanrery-lanle. F'reehold Investment, Golden-lane. suitable to smnall capitalists. 1~R.LOTYNDwillSELL byAUCTION,duirin- this 31V1Month. TWOV,FREHOLD DWELLING-HO-USES, situat ad being Nos. 16 anid 17, Ijttle Arthur-street, Golden-lane, in good repair. and let at rentals amounting to £33 per annum. MAy be viewed and Particulars had of the auctioneer, 60. Chancery-lane. The, Navarino, lINavarmno-road, Daiston.- Leasehold for 95 years, at a mc derate groundl rent., for positive sale. 1R. LOU.ILD will SELL by AUCTION, du-ring IVI this month. the valuable LEASE, with possession, of a capital PlUBLIC-HIOUSE and WINE-VAULTS, known as the Nasarino, Navarino-road, a preferable part of tse fast-improving district of Dalston; extensive building operations are in progress immediately continuous. and this establishment will very soon ocespy a firast-rate position for businless, The premises were erected a few years since mn the most substantial manne,wtheeyregard for business endL domnestic comfort ; alsothe adatg falrge garden in the rear. May be viewed, and particulashdote autoneer. 60. Chancery-lane. Vatnah:e Bulsiness Premises, Wood-street, city. 1IR. LOUNIDwill SELL by AUCTION, darinn.the .J-ILpresent month, by direction of Mr Roberts, builder ana capenter. wsho is retiring, all thsse capital PREMIISES, situate in Dudley- foranybuines equrig sacousprmiss;in one of the mosst importnt artsof he cty f Lodon hel unerOhrist'sIf ospital, for a Bromley. ltiddflesex.-Twenity Freehold Houses, eligible for the oce-u pation of res-pectable artisans or for investment; aggregate value £400 per annumn. 1~R. MNARMAD)UKE MATTHEWS is instruicted m oSL.at the Stlart, on Thursday, Mlay 22. TWEFNTY FREE- HOLD OUSES wit forecours,oenclosed gtardens, -e, Sr, os to thFrni-e'ITrrace. Thor.dayt to 20, WeligOn-street, and os.atod 5,F CAbdEnSteeit, abo St.heonaros-eed, Borolpeaed,a dsituatio commaending atellmimdestach oicae ofs teanto,fro Nath proxfineity troun the decks,hship buing yopetrards, landkoherslarged,estabilthaentsw;rSLtca Hofs- toi Mill, Eq, obrtor Bruswik-pace Ciy-r adond the remtateinde at Mr. Mathews' ofices, Od atetre Barackshandsthinsa Bow. hundrewod yands o aider, Surrjesy.sPv n AI /R. MARiXIADUKE MNATTHEWS will sELL,t to TL th MarTIO, ottne atThdo,onTursday, Ma 2ORbicanslate C9,AR-tl CAstD, withpartdofte plot,iner'smork preiared,g dsitutined fo genies semti-dtached rottager resdenes,y' willsosuficien grjoundn for fprterma inen Parospect-roand, comark-houe-road,ofathe lsowel Sixeoues, aound conhmpletelytlint-od, twofothes ine ay fowad statei, and th eremaindter rtin arase buidrien atd caiaithe c rier ofpaork-roadt and Sret. ghn's-eas sutbricko tlr and eltdCsaewthe gumround stfortw otheras, acnecr t theraly rens Partlwiculbars atltead near mestin tohthenrespectie perhopete;Of stattbws offices. Old Jeway. r 7 apsierhtal modemFurnithre, Cjamp,fimmedCiately-glpposstsnthe peuanetit oarracks, Paned withinaes, hundnreyacrdus osfuHe anesd' Pavilioal -13 elacresofvr aubeFehl uldn ad nhl-cepos ESSRMRS.AOXENKE MandTSEWS wvill Submi to itLAUCTION. at theiMrt Lonorn.,33 xon Thursdat. neay29.l Pan.t LhenD, inohasrros,am plotr in a'cmost puchuarming stueantio,al voery shor'TUdistnefo Heruin Mrajesty' Pavlont. anud adjoinin theds perma arUppam andc-srethecampusefar asiheve doos-l freac, and Kisperhapsthe Ventingato mondern aund aitalist Paineigs opnorhrityfs erec-a housesf suitabe for oChicesan thes,an numerous stf fficias.cnetdwt h 1jESSRS. OXENHAM and SONS wvill SELL by iLL AuctioNi, at the ir Rooms, on 3, Mondord-stret, near a 2 tIre Pn thoo nd To-moro. ato 1xd forn1 o'loc pntually, cthey clapital modemt FU n(ITeugtEaincuings Arabilsan. 4-osthe candt iron betads,n with erhbdtasiihbedding complete, wne wardrobes,daes,wsans rsingtales,ok inglasses pe.. walnut tree rosewood,bad chmahogaunyhitre sofas,ancouches sideb oad.sts of dinecing tabls, a opairso hadsomesti feeti 6 bo-tasses, Trurky,Bussefls and Oraeth al carpets, aMall quntt of uSfatuplate MarbvewdonTurdy n orning of sale. andI catalogues hdanatAess xba.ns officper.33 Oxhorrd-sireet, Cnlea, Ore dathoornrm. toKnibrs Va rde-h ery neatr m iodemn Furniture, Panig,Egaings autfewlot ofe ~3ESSRS OXENHA and SNS wNill SELL by ILL uctin, n th Prmise, o Monay ext.May12. Atd 12, th of which were purchased from the Great Exhibition of 1651 . the dining room, library, and morning room furniture of choice S:unish mahoganyincludes a noble pedestal sideboard, set of diningtables, chairs, sofa, and easy chairs covered in morocco. boo'kcases, wvriting tables. sa., proof engravings after 1andseer, paintings by the ancient and modern masters, including choice specimens by Mlieris, Decker, Woirernians, Laneret. Etty, Hart, Alllom, Fether, .Ndrews. and other celebrated master 1.000 vein, of bookselegantly hound, embracing the wvorks of most of the standard authors; the bed chamber farniture of the usial descriction, mantel clocks, articles of vertu, and numerous effcots. May be viewed on Tuesday and morning of sale, and catalogues had: also at Messrs. Oxenham's offices, 3, B.Oxford-street, near the Pantheon. This Day, at the Mart. A R. MIOORE begs to remind the public that lie vill .TYt SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, THIS DAY (Thursday), at 12. in 20 lois, val,able FREEHIOLD, CopyholdE and Leasehold ESTATES. consisting of 41 houses and two acres of land. eligible for nvestACnt, andthree residences, and five dw3elon g-hosr us, adIpted for occupation giving votes for E ssex, and proflaeh g an annual rentl of R£NT0. De;criptve particulars have appeared in former advertisements in this paper, and may nov be had at the Mart.-Aaw tion ofices ile-endc-roasd, May 8. Old Bond-sireet.-Evcellent moden Htousehold tFurnitue Two 6o Piccolo Pianofortes, Cuteslass Gaasiers, Library Tables, ogeases, MilqereaLron Safe. Law Boksk, Pictuems, Esgravings, and Effects. M [ESSRS. SPILLIAR and SPENCE wvill SIELL retsby AUiCTIo N, at thaoboms, 2, ld Bond-street, T}IIS DAYr Mlay 8. at 11 for 12, the excellent and fashionable HOU1SEiHOLD FURBNITURE; comprising mahog-any and other Arahian and fourpost edsteads, furntures, capitl boeddig, tao Spanish mahogany winged wardrobes. chest of drawers, wash-standstwith marble-copse toilet tabl es an d glass es, a very choice wval nut-wvood draw ing7 room suite of chairs and conch in fine green cloth, superior marquetcrie tables and cabinets, rosewvood chairs, couch, and tables, twvo 6'soctave olecolo pianofortes by goad makers, in rosewocod cases, rein of malhogany and antisque chairs9invelvet and morocco, mahogany couches, easy chairs, sets of mahogany dining tables, ptedestal mldeboard, dinner wagagons, eaia ite,fine engravings bookcases, mahogany library tables, ehis inrsiron chests, deed boxes, the Statutes, Barton's fPrecedents, L^aw Journal, R1eports, and other lawf boo3s, five line Turkey carpets, noble chimney-gases, orusnanetal miscellanies, oak hailt fit- tins fenders. fire-ironsttabie china and glss, culinary articles, kitchen' furniture, and a variety of effects removed from the Regent's-park, Adelphi, ;Gray's-inn, an d Billiter-equare. On view day prior, and cata- -Teaglle-r ha-t h rcorne, and at the auction eers' ofisces 42, BeLl-n-r.t loges adM¢e at the- - On View.-170 valuablfe PaddtinMs anlMPOdation irect frmM Mnnecb, 'Without reserv.-Important to Dealers. 1CiHINNOCK and,GALSWVORTHY will SELL by %. AUCTION, at the Rooms. 1 Old Bond-street, THIS D&Y, Iday S. at 2 precisely. 170 PAINTING,S, the property of a gentleman~ Mybfort view. twnumeros wellr anecutaRed badie of some autofnhce d'esnseresn thffDresden.terlin. Vienn, andfTio PilothkGlErse. , in- cldng erinjnel of oupeil12 ic.beatedteokocalso pongti2eebythe eissNN GCeisud GASORTEz zrerdirletdb Mayhe Councid tof dtshe ir PandptoatloSELL byd of TIhe a au thoee, 28tinRon, lacOdBod-te:t anoThuDAY, CMark, atq. a Deanrso court, St. PanPa ~ ~ i alanc ndeleti On View.-anoeltectnHourpblus Fuienitue, Apacture.Tw PaepMensicae Newtonurical Tlescopmets. 12ine. diameteroal Mdlengthu12pfeet. C- HINNOCKI andl GA.LSWORTEY are diEcte by I/AuctionOms 21.h oldond-tre1 THIS DAclstee, TapS,oarwa l4arg muntt of ndmn SRUSSITitemI o P alAuS: 2 coinsitings of. t en'sbattkby, wiBth gnlttaherhby els,lteed molshing, lahe copfe gtanoders, and nueoue letical,bo%inldn galHanic,phto.? portaitsof embes o theLinn roociey. atnoge of Chessrc. piece.~ ~ ~~~~~~~lae On View.-Ex ealn osehold Furni, tuBre, Piture.Plt,Mdr MESSRS.OD.IS. B GARLRWandSO will SELL by AUCT1ION, at the RoMs,r2, ToldrBen-streeay t12,To-moro,mpay 9.EAt1,EHeL PntReOPERTY,cosstn of a tlrge he iente Sevie-rowo thnenenusuly dsciptione, No.5 ,and inluin suittesrafor thexdawng room,uining rom, nd be roos, anmanitem tofnaluted, 2paintigs in-uc eluinghbavalusiablelworkgby Wehlst,fo andvteyestmentoemedpastron 400Svole,Do snSr. BAnd R meialnoos iONcludingsDr.uHamilton vrinS,L 8bdo Shery,TION. pits old Scotc, T-orwhiskey9,hoohad of TWadeeialyng t IfBSgeNford-moskt, plantlyreictofuate, hina9 and 0 Hglhb angnmrous'VW effecgts, be aing the ge enetronertyof tiheblat Leasehold Esthate,catmBrooptox. LEASEHOD PROPRTY, cnsistig offtree cub gentel esiens cenenintyeinae, os5. , nd ,Nrthtemmedileatde-osseuarnec ~~~~~~~~~~~a rental of £19pranmzhyaehedfra nxie Cm o nealy7,0yers,atgrondrens f £ pr anu eah.Ma be viewed b by eav o th repetiv teans, nd aricuar hd.,1 asprior tothesl at he ucton art anof esss. ). . BkerandSo e 10,uppern Highblury-Dstmhe bet Lashods for inetmenatLorcuptionam 'ESSR I). . BA ER an SON are disructed t ~~~~~~~~~~ae oSELL by AUCIN a h ar,Tmrrw aO,a 2 antles,esfml and hatlars a1oo are andsforecor;btae pErq annumto, and areshel o og m xietem.T e iwdb ofd Cottughe, solq.,o soicto. Moorrhi-tre.cty tte uto Mart; and of Messrs. 11 .Bte n o 07. pe-tet ,iitn 1ESSRS. D). S. BAKERA and SON are SEctedy TINAUtthe Mart,to-erowMay9,Toato12, May valubl 12EASoreHoLD teSTFM, ontagsistind of 10pome-detacle,dhoues, wihwaldledy gardnis,e pleasNtly DNE,wt oteoetae situate,o.1,,3,,Maiha-o, Nos. 1,92 , and 4 Dou,WarVill-eras, _ and mve.1 oand2, Keitterrache,haeopse-aroofl,all peitou caafer, minutes walko rsethe raiawayptedfrteoation atofsam et Theg prospertyaislel forl an loing unexie therimmedatemoderateoground rentB Eghtsuaof antherhue farelet abrespctabltez teants,d engod the oreunityl fof thewoe ieofitabper anvsmnum.f Mayitbe viewey lxteave fofrh tenants0pe nnm.T b iee, and particulars had, 14 days pirt h ae fD uhs prnd Coton,h soltor, 1f9. Sabinlge Ars-yar, Moliiorgate-iree Wo-at the hepieatteAcinMart; andL of Messes. D. S. Bak-er and Sn 0.Uprs. slntn ESSRSD.S.PBACERau CAndSO will SELL by iMi AUCTION, at thei Rooars, as-moverTronw May 9, at 12,b rdro thfort1.mhgagee fundr-apower ofAsale,ar TIEDSEIhandsoelya BisedTOWNG chestoIdENCeS, withrprtiobetrnes, an h siuat ed coh8.9 and 9, Wearwick-terace,h mahogranyredinn PaIm. Thdesa hosiesoarmofahenpal n ciroswo characterets and mallyrspectiivel adaped for theocceptono higahlr reopewabod mlies tand bnci hefoie cimeiateneyighbom urhood. ofusselsgcarp-sqt axend otherar fthoables loalitiess, affr capia grood poppotuity for egthfee porofiotable.ivsmn bofkcapital Theyt orf hooeld, fory iong unachiredterms CMygat modrates groundti rentiits, andaestmed efeto. prdceLO e anm.T be viewed, a nd patrticuslad- had,a 14y days 'Valablsie Egavings,C imorantsPige,req. sollicior 128.strood w-dtet Arhtcu au okictuiongMat;and cofmpessrs co . S. Rbaerts andl S.an. 0, clupprsreet,n msigountd.Oi atmAPseDrwn.&C Pualtyuthe CPrnPery- O tOlate W-SnpB.o Hoousehol and teclibraryd eur- QOjETHGATRIC andl B LARET WMl SELL by .JJ.LAUCTION, at their Booms2, ast abovet,To-mrnw,dMsaye, at 1 for 12. mahogany ie our-ost ndgrevenig BESatEiaDS andelSunaneEx- DIxG,cheosts cofmdrawers,wardrobe,f n the usualate beoducchanber J.aTuendaes, Spkl,anis maoanys-r adinWM inbles,dednthestalsdbad mtahesgeany and Wr,s o cihtairnd setsin, Stnd easy Bay, coverendein morcc Dioeater rosewred Lie intalshefOdfogyers, chiotmesey-glasges courtan Btesseof carpetbleexcellen library tablestandcdesks,a capital ion reposiobry,san eiHt-fee beard-rcolomre tabdmmlebokaes, netsoler,Sot-e Copyaingmchie,d3 chimnytey-lassW.B frame, dmestic Trneruisiletes, andseffects. aye' b-ae viewedy,an catlogures audout- d Chancery-lane, er eual imoraluabl Egavings,e remprants Picturte stalerel.n illustrpated, ond A%.r.chotetublicBtooks (icudn tw cmpet copies of ILN uprbeysrts Holy fland, .ctlourdgnds mountred. oil Pacipting s. Pastael Drawing,&.; part thbSae prpety Glsofwthe into Wr. Cooke BReq., thed ceerae en- DOE ACiOn, atei thneiArt BooemsI,22.VFleect-street, onWedasday eoning, Msay14hi-za. and fieFoloingy evening 1Satrda and Sund ay e ceptEd -aniapblen asdsemlaec CofleWORKS of ART, Pincluingsth collectione of dothengravings ofmc b the late WDB ok,Eq b rde of th Trurne. oflasgowan Lahdeer paindwil include, inel7 theest soi,tates DiogenAcs, Thee' lifey inxthleOd Dyogbryet, and oters;eay lrgefr collc tionofratioroabeSarchietral wrks twele completevcopinesp ofDavid Ro,,bertssholeand,yDcolouedan m%tieeaouthedrTrkes-'outhratere ost, a pied copyeio by tenlateg may B.Cooke,dit Tnerser'se lTtery finesetedn Pctlne's Lake Scnepry,foloseanddmruntedall anrmd fany-other equallynan imorthnt schalso ath gremaindxrs,s witmuh thesteel Wandrcolper plaitinso WyIritig,ithe anctique bindeqing;e orakingsrtfoLostnds;g Clarge port DE, ink theirFinecopesotheGall sery,n119. St. leincent-st ree n Ga er, o anitd Line an othrc Engravngs formdb inthetir blate Dr llerm Drurys, ofi Glasgow The ocpaiontig inlue Nevaner' produiest lorg,te ainuaBryant'ctoal y: Hoy Fa U..amily, a by B reuhelomvryexquisie;The Adortio ofthe heperd, byPoeemrgftwo cabineto picturesnby Graham Glet;hexllent specimenoPatrics, nt;otatb neisater -,esdry D oe ihsvrlohrwro great interest.com the spcollcion offiengraving sema beyakdoeo the vr ieti other, schools, at greato expese and mulch tat.o aerclurpinig byonrulighe,Desh andwiil exquisit drwns yLnbe,Coln, and cellanr.Als dach copietso sthiabe Mdforenasea alredePorne largeiap copy-in ofmeHouahs Work,nt spuoslnogetad asd Festr ad Sos, all-all OniewonMnda Obained TuesdaJuy, t levesae unirevema at Lad, arcergmonedfon obPn thursday orn-aingat 71: favoresoth oourneys,a£e iano,al pitf.iu paeChxny glporsant 700pieesan Papremgises, &cniuu ote oa xhne morw Tao,b order Nofiit thd DietrG ohent oryAssurance T H ve~v xtesiv an inportatPedises S oLL 2y sealnd 3, Od brollad-treeaininin thonsoloeheIprilIsuac Compitianly, adeofgthe Branks ofLndon leanteih elo omre wiertbha frnstae toipolds Broad-stret ofbr fe.Thyhvebe erce ithsgttoin suthelstofewhyairs,of% in a csubsanilmasme,an ~xesv oieand atavrwratlcot, cabndeomrse nc theffgiroun floor,u theapeciousdn romfce latlelyused byThe MntyorerssembrincerCom pany. incldin aflarge clsuerksbo pulictoffice, hoarsderoom. 7ecretar's congutig and wai ting7 ee roomsg, extnding tuebles,edenta eapitiog tabcelas, wiathearche voaulse, suitabl of cair wine muerhand Uthecuppr porlvtio contains nuhemeoust couenting-houses, laet to texRailway Pas-te mses caretsAsur4.ancesompn and ofethern respecntabetnnts,fo aheet rentl aomountingatonearly,two-thirdsarof thesu plai.the pr-operrtybis, hel oace tolease for25leas atdgl,ls the1verymoeratie, retroefas£800aper annum larly possesio can boiet givsen, of ikvs the ground flo e or prmss.eooi voiedibycads.wnch Oniwithedartifoe.slardomaybeobtained ofaM.Jury,t actboneer.o m19. Coean-streetr. Farteelases,30OfordWlstranadurray Req., solicitr, 11. Lonedon-srtreen Fapchicain-streetcloeng athre Aucting stamps. Thwee Furnitueof ay rmvdfrmteyntcncn.Cii 7-octaveB Mrewo CBottaePin, at3ith paftiroofnbillan plate Chimney glses.0 pieceslts PaperheinSwa Ino. vehm aTTbee garea Room oo, 41. wxor-tret nar goodhousae Till DA(huresteday), the othupatio 12. the genuine FRiTUarEsn andtl EparCTsof secretry boakdle,igan pembrok and ntelescop dininges tales, bedrom urnture bedin,batinkes lacl. No on view. holse Joseph Richardson anfiLMr. Stutters, containing 1013acres; a mnansionhouse, Pleasure grounds, gardens, paddock, and offces, in the occupation of F. J. lcarkway. Resq.; 40 dwelling-houses, shops, and te..enients, in prominent situzations, at Lavenbam; sudsafarm, in the occupation of Mr. John Amos, called Watermiere River Farmn, with hious~e and homestall, in the parishes of Thorpe, M~Norleux. Preston, and Lavenhram, containing 50 acres: the whole estate, at the old modosate rental, including, the 'Wood, produces £700 a year. It is intended to commence the sale with the allotments of meadow land at Shelly, antd to proceed with Pelt's Farmi, at Layhiam. the Priory Farmn, at Lavenham the accommodation land there. Watermnere River Farm, at Thorpe Iorioeux, the mansion-house and grounds, at Lavenham, the r!operty in Bear-lute, High-street, Water-street., Lady-street, the Mar -et-hil), Dolten-street, and to close with that in SIln-tet I'sntdnatiulas nd onitinsof al, wthplanesannexed. may ho hadof aces.Parer,If ok, ad Prke, oliitos.No. 17. Bedfordron- attheMart attheplae ofsol; o th tenants of the lrms: at th SwanInn, avenhm - Wite Len, ledigh; Bose and Crown,Sudhuy; Bul, Log Ifelord; ngel,IturySt.. Edmund's11; RutlandArms. Nscroaret; Cap, Colchsser; hielorro, Ipswich r; and f Mr Abbtt, 8, Bdfor-row Lonon. nd ynesbury, St. No. 69. Queen-street. two doors firom New Cannon-street. city.-By order of the Sherilff-Elegaut and well manufacturedI Household Fuirniture, including a costly walnut-tree suite, a Pair of richly inla:d Cabinets, severalChreaney-g;las-ses in giltframes,a brilliant-tuned 0G-ocavo Cottago Pianoforte, large and rich pattern Velret-pile Carpets, valuable Proof Prints, &c,. superb Dining Room, Library, alid Bed Btoom Appointments. Japan Fumniture and numnerous Useful end Ornamental Effects, a6 portion by order of tie Sheriff, together with another property, to be sold without reserve, i-FR.. LEWIS begs to announce hee is instructed to .LY SELL by AUCTION, at the Warerooms, as above, To-morrow, Way 9. at 12, the -whole of the costly F'UMN-I'URE and EF'FECI'S l; iescinding handsomne and richly carved pillar four-port and Arabian bedsteads, with damask hangings, goose feather beds, double and single hole sash-stands and fillings, chests of mahiogany and jaa drawrers, noble winged and toilet wardrobes, cheva, and dresasin'g glasses, carpets, curtabis, &e. ; an elegant walnut-tree suite of chjairs, lounges, and indulging cahase, with a handsome and richly carred leo, oblong,' work-, ar, and other fancy tables. cbeffoniers fitted with plate-0lass, elegant velvet-pile carpets, pair of marcueterie cabinets, a brillant-toned ptmo. and mnermro-rs drawing room cleganciess; superb i dirring room. library, and parleur requistes, including set of stuffed:i back, and other chairs nLoble telescope dininig tables, handscrne carved. beck sideboard. library tables. wrought-iron safe, cheffonier, Brussels carpet. Ac. ; kidtchen items, &c. May be viewed the morning of sale. trntil 12 d7clock, and catalogues hdof Mdessms Pocockr, Clark, and Newton. solicitors, Great St. Helen's; of Mr. Clark, Great Jamesstreet, Bedford-row; of the Sheriffs ofihcer, 13, Bell-alley; and of the auctioneer, A3 Pore-street, city,. Sale This DAY at the M t.-Be7rvi&._To Mufiders.-Three ca_pit3q mafiihedRie64e.a-,, nWaW*I&suare. W .ROBINS WMl SELL bV AUCTION,by order H of- the Mortaee t the Mart, Tbi19DAY. atl2.inthbree 1oAi, TR caialand gsubstantial CA]tCASESIntended forreEidencms KithcoahOues AndsatAiling in the reaLr. Hedfor 75 ae ax'tlow zround rent.s. The greterpartof the purchase-mnoney mayTecmain on rnOrtgage. Particularsmy behladat the Alctio-s Mart. Sale This Day, at the Mart.-Th Whzsns-sJ teal Premises, the Westmoreland-wharf, 33. City-baNif l=ose to the Otty-reed, with sits. MR. ROBIS strrtelt SELL by tCIva h £tU Mad rt.uTHI AY,tat-B Mess2 VNO.ad N a h in-housE,HpcOuD facorynd fenur oorf `9ligfl ast, horsesnd wagonhuse ad a-despae fr a exer nsieusi ness. Hilg fo 2 yar, t rnteoho8 adea.Ol Thentroaet eud trntae leae a £20 r SOuN. waricuasa SEL ashe Au ction Martt , 23.IN,a athi oo2, in orervfte Motgaeesi.ner May2, t 1, avalabl an eteniv LIBNrAoktrrY of Mawnor-trf embraing .00voluesthe dristatyo of ane emsineSnt;solcio fur. e Pistok neokeancIsingtonChancerypMraceboce,&.Onie,a. M R.-t the Mast, on Wedneday, May14 i3.lats1, TIE aia Hllchoway.sPreticuasnd lanareroa.AybehlFsadeole to. Gereen 2,onth wet idroro tfr-road,-oe ontsguous to threb proper Rty of Mr.e utG ofughes lat, Jrsam-sreety, Gumdh., Magieri-het the atinrs 1Crmea, ITht.O E and SON wISELL, byAttCTIONon thei V o Fremida,Mae3a, 13,bym ol-trdaer ofdinthe oTgaIeS under at fowr of sale A iDAoneS lot, SIX sBstnta newlMbuilt wineEHOl) roeSIDrbeNCES numbotere 1ab tand6, msorgoly.errnee rasfonor-stre. OldsKent-roead wihi as shrtadistng xofm sthe consong Su;ablso fiue Cotagses Rhetridence, dninuomberedibrar,ofkwei-ture, ct chest Igutahet fmthe peeing.rTh netirc annual vrentylof tefwhets. lay'out be0 May bed-viewe fix das, pardiongtou-thesae., Particuadr'oad.a h Risnglun,l noleartheo o EstravingMs,sr os. Sr n GriBook, soictors, 12,( tcberchLase iy Mecromcoand Sonvi. Engie-ers? Thes,Roiflrtond, tEet and a thWAcion fuaort. -iTisrcinsfo h l'ecktos f ham lanteoJme and Stt. MayEbon 13ie.ri-blfo ~th rima EDINa YOUNGs willSELL by AUCTION,.o h reie,1 BlooSildEtNCae, i Marlbowrouhrad, To-corhow (FTwoaprivate1 fousesth InBppRABRYeron-STADReeClDWOnian road aendral lltertatue, nearl. duciw ele0roplaer artiume, pritratetnoPrkst ree saudl7estmedica mewsa. maoriet-squae. glarticulbarsomayetes obaine of rnztespreises atuteru itmast.ofJ My Wegtn viwe q.ucio solticit, Basdingholl-street, cRmp. stichmond-sre,Egws-od- mllRlt,ltovr xeln JR. YOUSNG wil SELL by AUCTION, at tune, perannm,and hldt oforD moecuthanr60yearsdaptdfrtichae may be ohf tnill edautitheMatimofbessrs.o MagrtaneaustaumTe andniddolctere, rasdeymoad-builingsweda's-nn and ofio the Jmaucotionee, inewCurch- St.row-ohd,----Mod.rnLeaseholdFurnmitueswiyhrderofBhe Eecuo It LRS.EV wllSFELL byd AUCTIO onf SEth ilL APreIses. 13 B heroMedterrace Pusaddygo. TayIS3 Iat , 12 bode ofor the APPENDage S of SutniXl bEikbul CHMDEN-Eli, wingedai si. 0robe, marleto pwandsother wash-stand s.abmahg,anye ondbreassour-poshce bedsliteads,oathert bedns, rwingel roomrsitn consoexprtaber hmney. glsers, cthelgoulr igro nd leto;9Tepeiberar furniue ice chaedbt kitchen eurniture, culinaryaarticles, anaay arietywofaeffects.cMayrnowah ofiewe.-Caucl.ion. sofficso, CardiGontreet, Carte-lte, ad-orsCoad. f aluable Coarectind of tengraviongsee00 enfBok, Drawingagt o and iher t nstreeuWsmensts,Mirosoe. ii niees hs,Rd n Gor.o-sqEreWCaistav ourebod wit mintuructins Ifrmcts e the rimAnUCaIway, tSELbAUTJ,on the Pr emises, o13!,Godnsur,n BWednfesdayra, Harw-od To-morrowat(Fridoryl, at 1xcllnforOFR FU1,\tI LUIBRR ofd STFNDTSD coOpiS of daigenralm literaue inedamaly machne oper gldocasses,l tbaroetes, paimne oflbrones, resandnumeros iaptes. maoay y bezviewd-ngroom ostes, bocardesgto-sardoes, Hndeap. and Plots of Freehold, hessLofdrand.s 1W.? t ABR SNAAT will SEL LbyyAUTION,ION Jono theLPseveraelot ofS LAY.D, E pclarly2 aptedfrte ercinof vila,FEauTSiful theimered,Ena; gomravlsubrstraum.The and want; residences ay be viewe onoa pcica iontoJmsBlan,i Otaudwor l'all-mnll, and Kingston, Surreyiture NOMLYSO - EL by AUCTION,aXh at nTedy a 3 t1.hoee of the MortbageesbualsubetTntGal bricl-builtdRESIDENCE, containingu I10roos, ith orkhop. yrd, nd tabing sitate ron th sotuathed of Clfton-oad, t Jons-wod, hed foranptedfrpiied termctof i estiatedannul vaue o £80 Maybediewed, and particuarsb had aTthes Mart;dzmPr.hry and othauiner,Ca xhamange,. Wratfor 40 ah-. nCntaseetof Wesipnginster on. ramns al Paevlil GorladlVsqatres.-CptloueodurtueadEfcs ME SSRS. DEBENSAJLan STORREN wicl SELLv bETyatUtheirN Rono, Pigsremies, Co. 41. gordon- HSquAre, leTUts anld EFFoCTS,l ctomrsng an dlsrawringsro suit pin damask.l whith,goolad ocatisional tables, cHarimoney glsest, BrusebersandOther charsondmcouches, four-postal and oatherbedcsteads,ceats of dorawoers diaehstnandndves sittngs prime goose, dressntherbesan bxedding,y serites. ofpeinsndglasse,ws, cuinae uternsis, andefferous. othr vitems,e May beriewdtedypevosadmrngo.ae n ctlge a on theuresamisEfes;tan ofa thler aucinees,a Cfethirofices, tho HomanItroet, Rmiussell-syuarde. fteAsges lI ESSARSAHGREE andSOlwU ELLbyAUCIO byrAU 3TLThe Premis tes THISDAY Mays atoe 12. AY 'a the.UattI andfo EFFECTS of theIN RSIDECE;fa AE cmrsncseodand walFETInut dawingth roomta Furixture, aindcUchens,hirs. roompoccasioarl, ndw bal tablebs, rome velatese pretonofnraovings, arge ebse Eaft, chimney-dglas, platedariles, linen. f our-ote rech gand iron bedscutemad,ciean beddig,assmaro ble wsh-sgt-ands,tel.gasbeIttings, gand vartious, effCt. Maoh bone viwethresda prevuious,tand cafotalogueshha ratth Wappr,wicotlel Folhm-pace;andof r. Arahni.valer ond auctonesaer, ondon road. Twiekenhani.oo, 44 Tosmsllsapituists.MemEY'of BiigScees aVLnd othe rs. Noeivedinstrctind SroN th ll MotaesELLEL by AUCTION, etNa at,Them Bell Inn, t12slo. o thurdy Mayt s.,D51, atn45T FREtitveH oLD breickbilt CoTad,ES, waitha goodnardens.aingthoeoccu paotIPsson ofNM.J owln and wil. betgier.No.at i lSer t annumhl reah andctapiecyearof teroutd adjoinbng fontuing itheBtod situ 84,at er1 milenfrm Lodo, and w,o3i ithinrl let yards0 ofinfcorsd-braidngea Middlsea. bthe pieceafngoun ine inov hand anldsearatellyadpte for thear,a eretoun. the Bll In, Hunslo; an of he anhoneds s ,oLitle Britain.St MartIn's-b-Grand. ~ ~ Astnfias tt ho Tohis oad,-p0rsuaun Port, Shecrry.an Champagne Waurr fCants fr Cases on Cheampage, Diamond, Ornamtens aproabiono PItheauageto Cleck andF catSehs.aeatrhd tteACinMr,Lno,b Air.JOEPHSR ASH t)E eNH 3 autoeeTpointed SONel the ill,or iot,dEay,th 2their Rooms King-Stree, Ct1 oren-gaden. HISDAY IhStiat a 1,aIIeclAC ofeas 34 Corietal e,arl,d aboudtaco letsrtetandbrooceshodbicledstne land, cluatre ringsomand pins, ine gol charins,o groldonaeh by Adahs HanyfSrriso, Deingt,and thers a silvEr dihestw f ryo and coesivrtbeigplafte, dressingcase tepropertey ofitted put's-lases wi nesI, winjec w oarmrats,ad effecg bts.in view the damy snhankrupt hesod-R oe lJ i Turer b7, Bpishopgedate-treofet edithn.severa. Fixtures.hlo ando Effectstof IakrermanbidCfcinog. PandtheuHous, -t held Furniture, by orderolnofsthe, Assigneesi IIJJTESSRS. GREEN and SON witlSteLLtb aUC 1, theREMAiING STCK ofa BAKE and ONFtCis OBEhdaE. machies, ahogny cunter, glss cses,biscit mablus, Dahoes chistEerns niing, cupboards, Re. ThFoshl urniture i off vr mpin the- uroualesritin. On vioewt ten dypiranconn o ae n cHStlgeahdo VE- Gdy.a tothe premsuo of r Ed ards,Re..o qicianatityeof HOUSMEssr.Sit aUNd ISton,soiciTorUS,, coWistngafedcorty atscthp autoneefrs'offies,y 13,iedi Hatrs-arden; andm atmtheiroosalcroomis, 44d arrbengdon-sptreet city.re okn-g&fso l izs rsescr poetsinvgeat,lHUt MP n EYan Beo and, WAtLLEN reaisies ga-cormptonentscantd pumerouts aunshdgcandesen ommetnate prusetyoffno Tiwithi vioew f.h ig od n aiga raetlgre r frot ossssin ofNo -0 il begvn N.1i lttA hgl e 1rESSRS. JONES and BONAMl wil SELL by M±EAUCTION. To-morrow Evening. at 6, a largecollection of ancient, an-d mrodem PAINTLNGS, amnong which willbe found usary highly sPeculative : a quantity or richi gilt and carved frames. maorle busts, easels, and a large quantity of artistic property. On view and catalogues to be had at the rooms. Auction Rooms, established 1793. for the Sale of every description of Property. Tiz.-Honasehold Furniture, Collections of Pirtares,Prints, Books. Plte, JTewdliery, China. Glas, Mlusical Instruments, anff miscellaueous Effects in genemcra,eery Wednesday. Thursday, ant? IFridays evenings throuchouit the year. ait 6 to tueo minute. - 11FSSRS. JONES and B3ONHA31 bog- to acquaint; itt the nobility, gentry, executors. trade, and public in general, their Auction Rooms, 11. 12, and 13. Leioeter-Etreet, Leicester-squaso are the must eligible in London for the SALE of all kinds of HOUSEPHOLD EFFECT'S, stocks in imdc, and articles of vertu. Cash advanced to any amount upon every Class of property previous to sale, and alt 1,-alances paidthe fuoes-in-'morning. N.E. Inventoriee cudvaloations made for executors and oiters, and saes effected at private residlences.. No. £0), St. Paul's churchyard.-AnAssemblage of ancient andL modern. Pictures of the various schools, M .BARNS wil SELL by AUCTION, as above~, .L. on Friday. May 9, and following day, a COLLECTION of capta PICTItE; icludng chrmin sncimn, armegsano : an Extel- rior DoHooh; he atiity Tebor; to cpitl seciens, Horni- Ostade Andrcws Etibens ~Ber-ghera Wouverman Liirnel Terhurg Lingelbach. On vew. ataogue as bov. N.. Mney advanced on oTery dle- Now on View.-A very choice Collection of Paintings: part the pro- perty of a gentleman, and removed from his residence, Regent's-- pa'-GARCIA will SELL by AUCTION, at binIip'j.llery, 71, Quadrant. Recgent-street, To-metros- (Friday,lMay91i and following day, at 1 precisely, a very fine COLLECTION of highr his esienc, RgenIs-erk tor,ostiv sae. mon whch ace tobe fund-Sr.Joh. Lida inci a ery ineexamle;theNativity, Couegge, er fie; olyFaily Rafadie Ladscpe ndFigures, Murilo Rubus SavatorRosa Barotclo Wouvermans Coyp Velasquec A. del Sarto, &c. Catloges t te allry,71,Quarat, egent-street.
