DEATHS. Onthe 2d ofpr, at P=eambuco, of yellow fever, John Joseph Johnton, fourth son of Samuel Johnston, Fsq., Liscard, Cheshire, in the :8th year of his age. On the 21st ult., at sea, on board the ashI Stebonheath, from hfelboumne to Loudon, Captain F. Montagu fockings, of BL'Ls 40th Regiment. On Tnursday, the 15th inst.. at Brockham Parsonage, near Reigate. after a short ilness in his 16th year, Lionel, the dearly loved and third suviving son of George W. Maddison, Esq., of Partuey. Lincolashire. On the 16th inst., at Peckhamn James lawford, Esq., formerly of the Stock Exchange, and Exeter, Devon, aged S8. On the 20th inst., Wnm. Jno. Tasker. son of the late Wm. Tasker, of 7, Idcl-lane. nt. 36. On the 20th inst., at Chester, Isabela Alice, relict of Richard Drewe, Erq., Colonel of the 73d Regiment. and second daughter of the late James Tyler, Esq., of Whatton-house, in the county of Northumberland. On the 21st inst., at Ryde, Isle of Wight, Thomas Worthington, Es'., of Sharston Hall, Cheshire, aged 5. On the Mst inst., at Slough, in her l1th year, Elizabeth, onlydaughter of the late Captamn H. Is. Van Honmagh, 45thL Regrimnst, Bengal Native Infantry. On the 224l inst., at Geneva. John Townsend, Esq., sixth surviving son of the late Gore Townsend,:Esq., of Honington-hall, Warwickshire. On the 22d inst. at Craven-hill-gardens, Hyde-park, Anne, relict of the late Edward Driver. Eszs. On the 22d inst., at the residence of G. S. Plavne, Esqs.. Andover, Rants. Ann, reulct of the late Thomas Davis, Esq., of Abererombio Vila, Hampsteacd, Middlesex. On the 22d inst., in London, Sir William Edward Rouse Boughton, Hart,, aged 68. On the 234 last,, at Strea eu,Surrey, Sarah, the beloved wife of Stephen Wil2on, Esq., In the 78th year of her age. On the 23Id inst., at Wkorthing, Sussex, Maria Louisa, the beloved daughter of WTilliam Blake, Es's. On Friday, the 23d last., at her brother's residence, Horusey-rood, Catherine Graham, widow of James Steedmuan. aged 76. On the 23d inst., at Torqnay. Elizabeth, thohwifeof William Wybergh How, Es'q. of Nearwell, Shrewsbury, aged 4Lr On the 23d ist., at Newark, George H1odgkinson, solicitor, in the 88th year of his age. .On the 21th last., at Upper Clapten, suddenly, James Duirham, eldest. twin son of Mr. James LloyLd aged 10 mouths. On the 24th inst. inhis 28thyear, Frederick, youngest son of the late James Covington, s3q., of I, Warkwortli-terrace, Limehouse. On Saturday, the 24th inst.. at Forest-hill Sydenham, Elin, the wife of John Biffe, Esq., of 2, Bedford-rowv, London. On the 24th inst., at 4S, Rossell-square, the house of his son-in-law, Dr. BErkett, Benlamin EL. atley, EBq., late of theGrove, Blackheath, aged 68. On the 24th inst., at Harrow-on-the-Eill, William Frwaser, Esq., of Skipnesa, aged69. On the 24th inst., at Cheltenhamn, after a few days illnes, aged 35. Charlotte EMiz, the beloved widow of the late James Thomson, Es's., of Langside, near Glasgow. On the 24th inst., at the residence of her son, George De Morgan Es's.. or.No. 28, Dawson-place, BSyswater, Elizabeth, widow of the' lateLieut.-Colonel John Do Morgan, P.LaS, in her Slst year. On the 25th inst., at 14, Penton-row, Walworth, Jobn Russell, aged 2 years and S months, the eldest child of Mr. John Edkins. On th'e28th mnat., at Hfastings, Fanny, the infant daughter of John Blaxland. of Teynham Court-lodge, aged 14 months. On the 25th inst., at Thistle-grove, West Brompton. Mr. Aley, of 2, QueenWs-buildingsw, Xnightsbridge. in the 62d year of his age, On the 26th inst., at bis residence, 14, Fltzroy-square, Richard Barker, Es's., aged a5.
I _ - _---- ,- - - IM i ALLEG-ED POISONINGS , AT RUGELEY. - TRIAL OF W. PALMER. CENTRAL CRI&TAL COURT, M&Y 26. The proceedings in this protracted case were resumed this morning at the Old Bailey. The puble interest which it has excited from the first appears in no degree to have abated, and the court was again densely crowded. The prisoner was placed at the bar punctually at 10 o'clock, and we were unable to trace any change in his appearance or demeanour, although he naturally listened with marLed attention, in which one might occasionally detect a shade of anxiety, to the sumnming up of the Lord Chief Justice. Still it must be admitted that he looked as little concerned as any one in court. Several-persons of distinction were presentdaring-portions of the day, and among them we noticed Mrr. Gladstone, M.P., General Fox, Mr. -Milnes Gaskell, M.P., 3r. C. Forster, M.P., Mr. Oliveira, M.P., Lord G. Lennox, M.P., the Recorder, the Common Serjeant, Alderman Sir R. W. Carden, the Sheriffs, and other gentlemen officialy connected with the administration of justice in ihe city. Silence having been proclaimed, The LoRiD CHIEF JUSTICE (CAPnBELL.) proceeded to sum up the case to the jury; but spoke in so low a tone that some part of his address was not audible in the reporters' inconvenient box. He said,-Gentlemen of the Jury, we have at length arrived at that stage in this solemn and important caso when it becomes the duty of the Judge to explain to you the nature of the charge brought against the prisoner, and the questions and considerations upon which your verdict ought to be given. Gentlemen, I must begin by conjuring you to banish from your minds all that.yon may have heard before the prisoner was placed in that dock. There is no doubt that a strong prejudice else. where did prevail against the prisoner at the bar. In the county of Stafford, where the offence for which he has to answer was alleged to have been committed, that prejudice was so strong that the Court of Qaeen's Bench made an order to remove the trial from that county. The prisoner, by his counsel, expressed a wish that the trial might take place at the Central Criminal Court; and to enable that wish to be accomplished an act has been passed by the Legislature, authorizing the Court of Queen's Bench to direct the trial to be held in this court, so as to secure to the prisoner that he shall have a fair and impartial trial. Gentlemen, I must not only warn you against being influenced by what you have before heard, bat I must also warn you not to be influenced by anything but by the evidence which has been laid before you with respect to the particular charge for whieh the prisonet is now arraigned. It is necessary that I should so warn you in this case, because tho evidence certainly implicates the prisoner in transactions of another description which are very discreditable. It appears that he has forged a great many biUs of exchange, and that he had entered upon trausactions which wore not of a creditable nature. Those transactions, however, must be excluded from your consideration altogether. By the practice in foreign countries it is allowed to raise a probability of the prisoner having committed the crime with which he is charged by proving that he has committed other offences-by showing that he is an immoral man, and that he is not unlikely, therefore, to have committed the offence with which he is charged. That is not the case in this country. You must presume that a man is innocent until his guilt be established, and his guilt can only be established by evidence directly criminating him on the charge for which he is tried. Gentlemen, it gives me great satisfaction that this case has been so fully laid before you. Everything has been done that could have been accomplished for the purpose of assisting the jury in arriving at a right conclusion. The prosecution has been taken p by the Government, so that justice may be duly admainistered, the Attomey-General, who is the first law officer of the Crown, having conducted it in his capacity of a minister of justice. The prisoner also appears to have had ample means for conducting his defence; witnesses have very properly been brought from all parts of the kdngdom to give you the benefit of their information; and he has had the advantage of having his case conducted by one of the most distinguished advocates of the English bar. Gentlemen, I must strongly recommend to you to attend to everything that fell from that advocate, so eloquently, so ably, and so impressively. You are to judge, however, of the guilt or innocence of the prisonerfrom the evidence, and not from the speeches of counsel, however able or eloquent those speeches may be. When a counsel tells you that he beleves his clent to be innocent, remember that that is analogous to the mere form by which a prisoner pleads "'sot Guilty." It goes for nothingmore; and the most inconvenient consequences must foUow from regarding it in any other light. I wil now say a few words in order to call to your minds what are the allegations in this case on one side and on the other. On the part of the prosecution it is alleged that the deceased, John Parsons Cook, was first tampered with by antimony, that he was then killed by the poison of strychnia, and that his symptoms were the symptoms of poisoning by stzychnia. Then it is alleged that the prisoner at the bar had a motive for maldng away with the deceased, that he had an opportunity of administering poison, that suspicion could fall upon no one else, and that a few days before the time when the poison is supposed to have been administered he had purchased strychnia at two different places. It is also alleged by the prosecution that his conduct during that transaction and after it was that of a guilty and not of an innocent man. The prisoner at the bar, on the other hand, puts forward these allegations-that he had no interest in procuring the death of John Parsons Cook, but, on the contrary, that it was his interest to keep him alive; that the death was not occasioned by strychnia, but by natural disease, and that the symptoms were those of natural disease, and were by no means consistent with the supposition of death by strychnia. Those are the allegations which are urged upon one side and the other, and it is for you to say upon the evidence which of those allegations you believe to be founded on truth. Gentlemen, you have a most anxious duty to perform. The life of the prisoner is at stake; if he be guilty, it is necessary that he should expiate his crime; if he be innocent, it is requisite that his innocence should be vindicated. If his guilt be proved to you on satisfactory evidence, it is your duty to society and to yourselves to convict him; but unless his guiltbe fully sustained by the evidence it is your duty to acquit him. You must bear in mind that in a case of this sort you cannot expect that witnesses should be called to state that they saw the deadly poison mixed up by the prisoner and by him openly administered. Circumstantial evidence of the fact is a ll that can be expected; and if there be a series of circumstances leading to the conclusion of guilt a verdict of guilty may be satisfactorily pronounced. With respect to the motive, it is of great importance in cases of this description that you should consider whether there was any motive for committing the crime with which a prisoner is charged, for if there be no motive there is an improbability of the offence having been com mitted. If, onth e other hand, there be any motive which can be assigne d for the co mmission of the deed the adequacy of that motive becomes next a matter of the utmost importance. The great question which you will have to consider is whether the symptoms of Cook's death are consistent with poisoning by strychnia. If they are not, and you believe that the death arose from natural causes, the prisoner is at once entitled to your verdict of not gilty. If, on the other hand, you think that the symptoms are consistent with poisoning by strychnia, you have another and important question to decide:-namely, whether the evidence which has been adduced is sufficient to convince you that death was effected by strychnia, and, if so, whether such strvchnia was administered by the prisoner. In cases of this sort the evidence has often been divided into the medicland t ee moral, or circumstantial, evidence. They cannot be separated, however, in the minds of a jury, because it is bya combination of those two species of evidence that their verdict oughttto be given. In this case you must look at the eedical evidence, to see whether the deceaseddiedfrom strychnia or from natural causes; and YOUmust look towwhatis called themoral evidence, to consider whether that shows that the prisoner not only had the opportunitY, but that he actually availed himself of that opportunity, and administered the poison to the deceased. Noo, gentlemen, with these preliminary observations, I will proceed to read over the evidence which has been given in the course of this long trial, praying you most earnestly to weigh that evidence carefully, and to be gaidea entirely by it in the verdict at which yoU may arrive. I begin with that part of the case w hich was first raised by the Attorney-General with respect to the motive which the prisoner is supposed to kave had for taking away the life of John Parsons Cook. N oW , I think that that arises out of certain pecuniary transactions which must be fresh in the minds of all of you. It appears that the prisoner had borrowed large sums of money upon bills of exchange, which he drew, nd which purported to be accepted by his mother-a lady, it seems, of considerable wealth residing at Rugeley. Those acceptances were forged, and the lady was not aware of them until a recent period, when they became due, and proceedings wo.e taken upon them. One of those acceptances, for 2,00,, -was in the hands of a gentleman named Padwick; I,nO . had been paid, and 1,0001. remair.d due to Trh, Fad:wici- upon i I I i i that bill. A solicitor named Pratt, of Qneen-street, Mayfair, hadadvancdlarge sumns ofm m etSt4tepris6ner npon si mila - bills-to the'amount, I think of 12,5001. Several of those bills had been renewed without the knowledge of the mother; but there were two which remained uLrenewedone, for 2,0001., became due on the 25th of October, -185, Ana another, for 2,0001., became due on the 27th of October, 1855. Bedides these, Mr. Pratt held one bill for 5001., and another for 1,0001., which were overdue, bnt not renewed, and which Pratt held over, charging a very high rate of interest upon them. In addition to these large sums, which had been advanced by Pratt to the prisoner, it appears that upon similar bills Palmer had contracted a very large debt with an attorney at Birmingham, named Wright, to whom he owved 10,4001. It -had been stated by Palmer that he should be able to liquidate those bills by the proceeds of a policy of assurance which had been effected on the life of his brother, Walter Palmer. Gentlemen, the law of this country wisely forbids an insurance being effected by one person upon the life of another who has no interest in that life; but, unfortunately, it does not prevent a man from insuring his own life to any amount, however large, and whatever his position may be, and assigning the policy of that insurance to another person. It has been proved in evidence thatthere had been an insurance for 13,0001. effected on the life of Walter Palmer, who was a bankrupt, without any means except such as were furrnhed to him by his mother; and that the policy had been assigned by Walter Palmer to the prisoner at the bar. It was expected that the 13,0001. insured upon the life of his brother would be the means of enabling the prisoner to meet the acceptances to which I have referred, but the directors of the Prince of Wales Insurance-office denied their liability upon that policy, and refused to pay it. Hence arose the most pressing embarrassments ; claimants were urging the payment of their accounts, and it was evident that, unless they were immediately paid, the law would be put in force against the prisoner and his mother, and that the system of forgeries which had been so long canied on would be made apparent. Now Ibegin with the evidence of Mr. John Espin, a solicitor practising in Davies-street, Berkeley-square. [The learned Judge then read the evidence of Mr. Espin with respect to the 2,0001. bill held by rx. Padwick, the dishonouring of the checkfor 1,0001., and the finalissuing of a ca. sa. against the person of the prisoner on the 12th of December.] This, continued thenobleLord,iscertainlystrong evidenceto showthe despe. rate state of the prisoner's circumstances at that time; but we now come to the evidence of Mr. Tnomas Pratt, who had advanced money to the prisoner upon bills of exchange, which bore the forged acceptance of the prisoner's mother, to the amount of 12,5001. [The learned Judge then proceeded to read the whole of the evidence of MIr. Pratt, together with the voluminous correspondence between that gentleman andthe prisoner, detailing the entire history of the transactions which had taken place between them from the date of their first acquaintance in November, 183, down to the period ofthe apprehension of the prisoner npon the present charge. They will be found reported in n7e Ties of the 21st inst.] With regard to the letter subjoined, and marked " strictly private and confidential," "M My dear Sir.-Should any of CooL's friends cal upon you to know what money Cook ever had from you, pray don't answer that question or any other about money matters until I have seen you. "And oblige yours faithfally, " WEXT PALME." the learned Judge observed that the jury would recollect that when that letter was written MIlr. Stevens, the stepfather of Cook, was maldng inquiries of a nature which were certainly very disagreeable to Palmer. [Having first disposed of that portion of the correspondence respecting money due from Palmer to Pratt, and with regard to which Cook was supposed to ha re no interest, the learned Judge next proceeded to read that branch of the correspondence relating to the assignment of the two racehorses, Polestar and Sirius, and to some other occurrences to which Cook was sapposed to have been a party.] With respect to the check for 3751. sent by Pratt to Palmer for Cook, from which the words " or bearer" had been strack out, his Lordship observed:-Now, it is rather suggested onthe part of theprosecution, uponthis evidence, that Cook had been defrauded of this money by Palmer, and certainly the endorsement was not in Cook's handwriting; but, as was very properly argaed on the part of Palmer, it is very possible that Cook may have authorized Padmer or some one else to write his name. Cheshire, a clerk in the bank, is then called, and says that the check was carried to Palmer's account. Now, all this may have happened with the consent of Cook, in pursuance of some agreement between him and Palmer. [His Lordship then read the cross-examination of Pratt, the. bil of 5001. drawn by Palmer on Cook, and payable on the 2d of December, and also the evidence of Armahaw, who proved that on the 13th November Palmer was in a state of embarrassment, and that on the 20th he received from him two 501.-notes,] It is for you, gentlemen, to draw your own inference from this evidence. Having before the races been pressed for money, on the night of the Tuesday on which Cook died he has two 501-notes in his possession. [His Lordship next read the evidence of Spillbury, who on the 22d of NTovember received a 501.-note Erom Palmer, and of Strawbridge, who proved that on the 19th of November his balance at the bank was only 91. Gs.] This evidence certainly shows that the finances of the prisoner were at the lowest ebb, and he had no means of meeting his bils. [His Lordship next read Wright's evidence as to the large debts due to his brother from Palmer, and the bill of sale given by Palmer, as security, upon the whole of bis property; Strawbridge's evidence as to the forgery of Er=. Palmer's name to acceptances; and the further evidence of Mr. WVeatherby, particularly caling the attention of the jury to the fact of the check purporting to be signed by Cook having been returned toPalmer by 3r. Weatherby, when he refused payment of it.] A great deal, said his Lordship, turns upon the question of whether that checkwas really signed by Cook or not, as, if not, it shows that Palmer was dealing with Cook's money and apy-opriating it to his own use. Mr. Serjeant SHEE observed that Mr. Weatherby expressed an opinion that the check was Cook's. Lord CAMTBELL.-Mr. Weatherby said that the body of the check was not in Cook's handwriting, and he had paid no attention to the signature. You, gentlemen, mnst conwider all the evidence with regard to this part of the case. The check is not produced, although it was sent back by Mr. Weatherby to Palmer and notice to produce it has been given. If it had been produced we could have seen whether Cook's signature was genuine. It is not produced ! [His Lordship then read the evidence of Butler, to whom Palmer owed money in respect of bets, and of Bergen, an inspector of police, wno had searched Palmer's house for papers after the inquest.] It might have been expected that the check which was returned by Mr. Weatherby to Palmer, who professed to set store upon it and to have given value for it, andwho required Mr. Weatherbynot to pay away any money until it had been satisfied, would have been found, but it is not forthcoming. It is for yon to draw whatever inference may suggest itself to you fromthis circunmtance. We then come to the arrest of Palmer. Now, as it strikes my mind, the circumstance that Palmer remained in the neighbourhood after suspicion had arisen againsthim is of importance, and ought to be taken into consideration by you, although he may, perhaps, have done so thinking that from the care he had taken nothing could ever be discovered against him. It seems, however, that he was imprisoned on civil process before the verdict of the coroner's jury rendered him amenable to a criminal charge. Besides the check purporting to be signed by Cook the prisoner also had in his possession a document purporting that certain bills had been accepted by him for Coolk, but neither that document nor any such bis have been found. All the papers which were not retained were returned to the prisoner's brother, and notice has been given to produce them, but neither the bills nor the document are produced. With regard to this witness's statement, that Field was at Rugeley, I know not how it is connected with the present investigation. If Field was employed to inquire into the health of Walter Palmer at the time the insurance was effected on his life, and into the circumstances of his death, I know not what he can have to do with' the questionyou are to determine. This, then, is the conclusion of the evidence upon one branch of the case, andnow begins the evidence relatingto tho health of Cook and the events immediately preceding his death. [His Lordship then read the evidence of Ishmael Fisher, observing in the course of it that one of the most mysterious circumstances in the case was that after Cook had stated his suspicion as to Palmer having put something in his brandy he remained constantly in Palmer's company; he appeared to have entire confidence in Palmer, and during the few remaining days. of his life he sent for Palmer whenever he was in distress; in fact, he seemed to be under the influence of Palmer to a very great extent. His Lordship also directed the attention of the jury to the circumstance of the 7001. 'which Cook had intrusted to the care of Fisher having been returned to him on the mozning of the day on which he went with Palmer to Rugeley. IHis Lordship then read Fisher's statement that he had been in the hahit of settling Cook's account.] And now, he continued, comes the very important letter of the 16th of November. Certainly if Cook induced Fisher to miake an advance ol 20C0. on the seocurity of his bets, and then. employed another person to collect these bets, there was a. fraud on his p3rt. In the letter of the 16' th of Noveml!er Cook says-" It is of great impiort-ance, bDth to M%lr. Palmer and myself, that a sum of 5001. should be paid to Mlr, Pratt, of 5, Qucen-streut, Mayfair, to-morrow, without fail. 3001. has been sent up to-night, and if you wil II b Mind onpglh to pay the other 2001. teo-morrow, on tht re- ceipt of this, you Will greatly oblige me, and I will give it toyoutonziMonday atTattersalt's." MEr. Serjeant Sixx-There isapostscript, my Lord, lord CAPBELL.-Yes. "I am much better." NOW; the signature to this letter is undoubtedly genulne, and it shols,first, thatCook at that time intended to be inLondon on the Mtonday, and, secondly, that he desired an advance of 200L to pay Pratt. How he came to alter his intentioi' as to going to London, and how Herring came to -be employed for him instead of Fisher, you must infer for yourselves. But if he authorized the employment of Hering in order to prevent Fisher from reimbursing himselE, hi ws a party to a fraud. You mustinfer whether he did so or mot. [His Lordship then read the remainder of Fisher's evidence, and also the evIdence of Mr. Jones, the law stationer, of Gibson, and of Mxrs. Brook.] This he said, ends the history of Cookes illness at Shrewsbury. Taken by itself it amounts to very little, but in connexion with what follows it deserves your serious consideration. Theou with regard to what took place at the Talbot Arms, at Rugeley,whereCook lodged, you have a most importantv,i&~ ness-Elizabeth Wills. [EisLordshipthenread the evidence of lills, observiDg that the events of Mfonday and Tuesday the 19th and20th of November, and the symptoms which immediately preceded the death of Cook, formed a most materialpart of the case.] It has been suggested, continied the learned .Tudge, bv the counsel for the defence, that Mlizabeth Mlls may have been bribed by Mr. Ste-ens, the father-in-law of Cook, to give evidence prejudicial to the prisoner; but, in justicebothto Mr. Stevens and to Elizabeth Mills, lam bound to declare that not one facthas been adduced to warrant us inbelieving that there is the slightest foundation for any such statement. It has also been allegec that 31r. Stevens caled upon Elizabeth Mills, and read to heranextractfroma newspaper, withtheview, itistobeprdsmed, of influencing her evidence or gaiding it in a partictilar direction ; but this, too, is a gratuitous assertion, and, so far frombeing supported by the evidence, it is distinctly denied. As regards the manner in which Balmer was dresseil when he ran over from his own house to the Talbot ATms on the night of Cook's death, there is, no doubt, a difference between the testimony of Elizabeth Mills and that of her fellow-servant, Lavinia Barnes, the former assertingthat he wore a plaid dressing-gown, and the latter a black coat; but it is for you to decide whether the point is of sufficient significance to justify a suspicioh dishonourable to the reracity of either witness. It has been asserted also that there are certain discrepancies between the evidence given by Elizabetb Mills before the coroner and that wlhich she gave in your presence. That you may the more accurately estimate the importance ofthose differences it is conmpetent for the prisoner's counsel to require that the depositions ahall be read. What say von, brother Shee ? Mr. SerjeantSH -With yourLordshin's permission,we desire to have them read. LOrd CANiPBnLL.-Then let them be read by all means.: The Clerk of Arraigns then read the depositions of Elizabeth Mills, as taken before the coroner. Lord CAmPBsi.-You have now heard the depositions read, and you will decide for yourselves whether her statements before the coroner are not substantially the same as those which she made before you in the course of her examination. You will have to determinewhetherthere is anymaterial discrepancy between them. Her own explana. tion of her omission to state before the coroner that she was sick after partaking of the broth prepared for Cook is that she was not asked the question; but that she was sick the evidence of another witness goes distinctly to prove, and -it is for you to say whether, corroborated as it thus is, the testimony of Elizabeth Mils is worthy of being believed, amd, if so, what inference should be drawn from it. The next witnesses are Mr. James Gadner, attorney, of Rugeley, and Lavinia Barnes, fellow-servant of Elizabeth Mills at the Talbot Arms Inn. The learned Judge, having read his notes of the evidence of the vitnesses in question, observed the testimony of Lavinia Barnes corroborates that of Mills as to the latter having been seized with illness immediately after she had taken two spoonfuls of the broth. There is some little difference of evidence as to the exact time when Palmer was seen atlRugeley on the Monday night after his return from London, but you have before you the statements of all the witnesses, and you will decide whetherthe point is one of essential importance. [The learned Judge then read over without commenthis notes of the evidence given by the witnesses Anne Rowley and Sarah Bond, and then proceeded to recapitulate the facts deposed to byMr. Jones, surgeon of Lutterworth.] Your attention, he observed, has beenveryproperlydirected to the letterwritten by the prisoner on Sunday evening to lMr. Jones, summoning the latter to the sick bed of his friend Cook. The learned counsel for the defence interprets that document in a sense highly favourable to the prisoner, and contends that the fct of his having insured the presence of such a witness. is conclusive evidence of the prisoner's innocence. You will say whether you thinlk that it is fairly susceptible of such a construction. It is important, however, to consider at what period of Cook's illness Jones was sent for, andin what a condition he was when Jones arrived. Palmer's assertion in his letter to Jones was that Cookhad been suffering from diarrhcea, but of this statement we have not the slightest corroboration in the evidence. When Jones, looking at Coolk's tongue, observed that it was not the tongne of a bilious attack, Palmer's reply was, "You should have seen it before." What reason could Palmiaer have had for using these words, when there is not the slightest evidence of Cook's having suffered from such an illness ? It is a matter for your consideration. [The deposition of Jones taken before the coroner having been read at the instance of Mr. Serjeant Shee, the learned Judge remarks,-] It is for you to say whether, in your opinion, this deposition at all varies from the evidence given by Mr. Jones when examined here; I confess thit I see no variation and no reason to suppose that Mr. Jones's evidence is not the evidence of sincerity and of trtith. After observing that the evidence of Dr. Savage (which he read) went to show that downto the hour of the Shrewsbury races and the attack on the Wednesday night, Cook was in perhaps betterhealth than he had enjoyed for a long time, the learned Judge called the attentian of the jury to the evidence of Charles Newton, who deposed to having furnished three grains of strychnis to Palmer on the Monday night and to having seen him at the shop of Mr. Hawkins on the Tuesday. Having read the evidence of this witness and his deposition before the coroner, his Lordship said :-This is the evidence of Newton, a most important witness. It certainly might be urged that he did not mention the furnishing of the strychnia to Palmer on the Monday night before the coroner; he did not mention it until the Tuesday morning, when he was coming unp to London. That certainly requires consideration at your hands; but then you will observe that in his deposition, -which has been read to you, although there is an omission of that, which is always to be borne in mind, there is no contradiction of anything which he has said here. Well, then, you are to consider what is the probability of his; inventing this wicked lie-a most important lie, if lie it be. He had no ill-will towards the prisoner at the bar; he-had never quarreled with him, and had nothing to gain by iniuning him, muchless by betraving him to the scaffold. I cannot see any motive that he could hive for inventing alie to take awaythe life of the prisoner. No inducement was held. outto him by the Crown ; hesays himself thatno inducement was held out to him, and that he at last disclosed this circumstance from sa sense of duty. If you believe him lhis evidence is very strong against theprisoner at the bar; but we will now turn to the next witness, Charles Joscph Roberts, whose evidence is closely connected -with that of Newton. [Having read the evidence of Roberts, - Mr. Hawkdns's assistant, who stated that on the Tuesday he sold to the prisoner, at his master's shop, three grains of strychnia, his Lordship continued,-) This witness was not cro3sexamined as to the veracity of his testimony, nor is he contradictedin anyway. It is notcdenied that on this Tuesday morning the prisoner at the bar got six graina of strychnia from Roberts. If you couple that with the statement of Newton-believing that statement-you have evidence of strychnia having been procured by theprisoner on the Monday niget before the symp.. toms of strychnia were eihibited by Cook, and, by the, evidence of Roberts, undenied and unquestioned, that; on the Tuesday six grair& of stychnis -were supplicd.to him. Supposing you sLould come to the conclusion that. the symptoms of Cook were onsisteutwith death by strych, nia-if you think thau his symnptoms ae accounted fpr by: merelynatural disease, o cotrsetbestrychnia obedibythe prisoner on the £.ienday eTening and the Tuesd?y morn.- ing would have no effect; but if yo shouldt thinkttt the, symptoms which Cook exhibited on the Iond.y and Tnuday nights are consistent ith strychnia, ther,a&,a c e iS made, out on the part of the Crown. After the m=cjA.x5oq coao sideration,I can, suggest -o possible solut io nof, the pIrchsa of this strychi3a- Thneleaed counsel for- te prsonr tx id us in his sneelh that there was nog-g:hfc-whk&he would not, account. He quite prcverly 4pniq& that Newton was to be believed. Disbepvlng Newton, you have na evidence of strychnia being, 9btAdnqd on the Monday evwing; but, disbelieving N e-on. rzd believing RIo bertr you have evidence of six s DE strychnia beit _ obtained by the prisoner ont7vsTuLeadaymorning. andof that you have no explanation. The learned connsel,dia ot favour us wit the theory which he had formed in his own nind with respeat to that strychnia. There is no eidenc, -there ta no suggestion how it was applied, what lwame of it. -' nat must nt ifeuene your verdict, -unles you come to tthe conClusion that the symptoms of Cook: vure COnsiste3t with death by strychnia. if you come tothat conclusion, Ishould shrink from may duty, I should ho unworthy to sit bore, if I did not oil. your att.ntigl to the infezQWtie tta
PARLTAMENTABlY NOTE& SOUSE OF COMMONS, TuxsrDAY, WAY 27. -NoncB Or XOTIONS. sex. Z15WYer,-To axkwhctherGov.rnrment wiltake theusual meats to lay be!cre this House the report of the oDmmittee of the House of lords regarding tbe appellate juriEdiction. M. ldiall.-'malt this House resolve itself into committee to corLider bthe Irporaitiues ofthe Irish churcb, ad otWer pecuiaryprorisiosa madeby aw or rl;gouste aelig and worebsipin freland. max. e y r.A. Hmtlgnu-Bzefore going iuto the TmOtytos of Mr. Mull, to moze. Th at the sth article of the Union of Great Britain snd IrelasDa embodied in The Act of Union, 40th of George UL, chap. 67, be Xead iMr. Ollse'a.-To c it the attention of .the House to the high duty charged upon .'oreign anad colouial winCer and to move. with a view to promote increased comic>=nera ela,tions wt he Frotse, lTDoam. I'rtg.l and oher-ine gowin countre,ta h os iirsleial into a committee to take into eunsideraton a reducton of the same. Captain Daniel O'Connell,-That tHi5 House will resolve itelf into a committee to comnsider an address to Rer a4est p n that. se wi be graciously pleased to extend the same measure of relicfto the depositors inthe late Tfalee and Killarnesvings bak a ha been aeicady extended to the depositors iu the late Chle-street lini MTr. :wart,-Select Committee on TawReporting. Viscount Ebrington,-To move the fuUowsng resolutions:-That the long continued excessive mortalty of the BrtiEh aay bs beenmain33 caused by the bad sauitary condition of their harack aooonmodatiou. That this House has viewed with satisfactiox the efforts of succssive Governments, aided by Parliamentary grants, to improve the mnoral, intellectual. aandphysscat conditiono te Britsh soldier, and is n. couraged by the happy results of such eforts and grants to hope much from a continuance and frmther extension of the sme. That much still remains to be done with reroTd to barrack accommocdationl firstly, foritsincrease. vith aviewto the discontinuance of the present practice of billeting, as being alike oppressive to the civi. l3an and demir aisng to the soli; andsecondly, for its improve. ment, both as regards the healthy accommodation of the troops in general, and the decent accommodation of the marriedsoldiers. That. in the opinion of this Hnse, such inrearse adimprovement are imperatively called for, not less by good policy and true economy than by justice and humanity. 3Mr. J. G. Pbilimore,-That, it appearing from the papers which . HerMajesty has been graciously plcased to lay before thns House, 2c- latingto the siege of Kars, thatIortd Stratford de Reddiffe neglected at a most urgent crsis,s to answer repeated communications addressel tohimu by Geseisi Williams on matters imDmediatelyand materially affeetiig the isorortnt interests which General Williams was struggling, against almo6t lmexanled and dollv multipl ing difficultier,to support, this House, -irt it gratefelTy acknw edgestbe-~ great sernices of General Williams, ou idera itself obliged to declare its OpinDiOn that suchconduct onThepart of Lord Stratford de Redcliffe agrarate the dancers to wvhich the public intereetwas expose,. and was inconsistent vith the dutieshe hadbeen appointed to fulhiL Colonel Buck,-Address for copy of any correspondence hetween the Earlot'iount-Wderumbe and. o military authorities of the Ordmance,with refere os to the discontinuance of artillery practce at Western ings, and at thelslandof SaintNicholas, evonport. - r. Frewen.-Address for oopy of axact pssed by the Lords an& Commons, in Parliament assembled on the 9th of Februry, 1&A1. lOr "the repairingof Churches and Pout of Church Duties," being' cap. l1 of the act passed by the Parliament generall termed theLong Parliament. Captain Leicester Vernon,-That it is the opinion of this House tbat it wilbeto the advantage of the, service to employ general offieers from the Scientific Corps on the staff of theArny. Mr. W. Wlliams,-Aeconmt showing the particulas of the heredi6wy pensions which hv.e becu redeemedin the year endia6the 3st of Msrc ISS6, by an issue of £U13 177 Is. 2d.; the principle on which such redemption money was caleulated, and copies of any minutes by which the issue of publicmoney has oscn cirectedfor the redemption.. of hereditary nsions. -Mr. W. WVi:lms,-Aecount of the puiblic inoome aud expenditure of the United Kingdom, in the years ending the 31st day of March, 1l55 and 1856; distingaishing the actual payments for the expenses in.- enorred in the coUection and ianagement of the revenue; for the charges of the public debt (the teniinahMe annuities being rained by estimate); for the expen2se of the civil Government; the alowvances to the Royal family and to His Majesty the Xing of theBegians the establistunnt Of the Tord Lieutenant of Ireland;, the expenses of the two Houses of ParliAment, and the Civil Departments; the other penseons on the consolidated fund, on on the gross revenue, and the civil list; also the ments for the administration of justiee, diplomatic expense, nd enaccoentofthe sumsvoted for the army, navy, ordnanoe, and nuscellaneous services; slso public worls, bounties. post-office, the quarantine, and bom_e establishments; andall other payments not comlnuder any of the foregoinibheads. Viscount Gaderich,-Account of the totalamouant of the national debt of Eogland and retandr inouding the Ae brian and Portuuese loans eandro ihe ueanr I9(the debt stcldiearf he yearifomthne o1sth o oAugst 1786 to 3°T'he 5jtheof Jbanuarny, 186.sRs tating The amount of ThuG fLuded deht contracted, the amount of the debt redemoed, theameent of unredeemed debt, the amount of the unfunded debt5 and. also tbc to ar am ount of unlrede em ed and unlfun ded d ebt 3n each of' those years. Te above return toche preseded byst similar returnSfor eaah year frtm the yearyh9a (the first year of the exist of yth natiomal debte. Lord taytheaut-Retum of the inumerof Pabpers eapcoyedifng: thelet of Miay.sfSt,to the 1st of MatheST,ebythengudiansof each of the metropolitan parishes, in cleansing the streets; the numbr of daE in the year tbeY have been so employed; aud the ampmt ofpa theyhave reeinved m nr. h utt,-Copy of any regulations. for the navigation of the oiver Po,ntade by the autherity of the uras er-horderins e tates - cordingY to tce provisons of the 95th article of the Treaty of vien. b Str vi. 1. Peade,-teinsu of thc several unions and single p.hes rudertheact22d George III. (Gitert's Act) whbich, siaceThe 1st of March, IS37. have been dissolved and become subject to the provisiont of tbe Po?r Law Amendment tAt; stating the grounds in each case en vhich sulch dissolution has taken place, and whether vvith The con,c sntofa^majority of thegsirAdians or otherwrise; And copies of ali correspoudeece since The aiof April. 1856, bhreteh th&vsitran,i,ulrianoE uh nions and single parishes and the Poor law Board, relaxtive to the ca3uses in the Poor Law Amendment Bill for their compulsory dissolution. OnD!nS OF THE f.ky. Dissense MarriagesBibl,-Committee. Joint-Stock Banks ill-Adjourned debate on going into committee Specialty and Simple Coutract Dilebta BuiU-Sccond reading. RXailway and Canal Traffic Bill-Second reading. Fiactories BjDl-Thirdreadin. Annuities (o. 2) Bill -Thirdi reading at half-past 4. Pawvnbrok er BSiU-T hird read ing. Excise Acts-Report. 'Joint Stock BauksBill,-Orderforcornmittee read; matins made, 'and question proposed. " That Mr. Speaker do nowr Icave th:e chair."
foyEy-3FAKETafldCITYINTELLIGRYCEB. Mondxy Evening. The English funds opened steadily this morning at the prices of Saturday, and subsequently experienced another improvement of more than a-quarter per cent. Consols for money were first quoted 943 to si, and, after having advanced to 94k, they closed at 94j. For the 4th of June the last transactions were at 94~ to 8, while for the account on the 10th of July there were buyers at 95j (or 94 ex dividend). The scrip of the new 1oan leftoff at 24 to g premium. Bank Stock 216 to 217; Reduced, 93!; to -; New Three per Cents., 94. to sa; Annuities, 30 years, 17 3-16; India Stock, 233 to 236; India-bonds, 48. discount to par; and Exchequerbonds, 989 to i. 'The Exchequer-bfll market is recovering its tone, and the March descriptions were at 1s. to 4s. premium; the June, 3s. discount to par. The settling d.ay for the scrip of the new loan is fixed for the 30thinst. The committee of the Stock Exchange, being unable to close that establishment on Thursday, in consequence of the Transfer-offices at the Bank reineaing open, have arranged for business to commence at 10 o'clock and to terminate at 2. The rate for money in the Stock Exchange on Government securities is 4per cent. In the discount market the supply continues to increase, and at the Bank of England there is no demand. A considerable amount borrowed of the Bank for deposits on the loan will be repayable on Friday. Foreign securities have presented a favourable appearance, and the advance has been generally well maintained. Turkish Sixc ner Cents. for the account were negotiated at 99 and 98,; and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 103 for money, and 103k, 103, and 1034 for the account. The other operations comprised :-BrazilianFive perCents., 100; the Five per Cents., New, 98; Buenos Ayres, for account, 7o7; Grenada, Deferred, 71; Mexican, for money, 231 ; for the account, 23#, i, and I ; Portuguese Four per Cents., ex all overdue couipons, 474 and 48; Ruissian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 95, Sardinian Five per Cents., for money, 944 and c for the account, 94i ; Spanish Three per Cents., or the account, 464 ; the New Deferred, for account, 2Sf; Spanish Certificate of Coupon, not funded, 6t, 4, 4, and ?4; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., ff42; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 954. 'the corn-market was dull this morniing, at a decline of Is. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening were 75f. for money, and 75f. 20c. for the account, showing a decline of an eighth. Some further large amounts of gold have been sold to the Bank to-day, and more is expected to be delivered to-morrow. The Roxburgh Castle has arrived from Port Phillip, but her amount of gold has not been correctly ascertained. In the morning it was st-ated as 60,000 ounces, but it is now alleged not to exceed 1 2,000 ounces. The gold brought by the Light of the Age, which -was telegraphed on Saturday from Sydney, consisted of 78,315 sovereigns (principally New South Wales MIint), and 1,262 ounces of gold dust, making a total value of 83,3631. The French rate of exchange remains favourable, and some small quantities of 20f. pieces are remitted to this side. At Hamburg money is again in rather increased demand at fi per cent., in consequence of silver being still sent away. At Amsterdam and -Vienna the markets are steady but inactive. The commercial advices from Nev York this week describe increased heaviness in the stock market, a fall of 2 or 3 per cent. having occured in most of the speculative descriptions. Erie Railway was c1uoted 5O4; Reading, 88; Panama, 103; Illinois Central Bonds, 87; and Nicaragua Transit, 12. The extent of the specie shipments to meet the large importations which have been in progress for some time pasit was the principal cause of the pre- d ;but the conduct of the Governencouraging the raid of Walker in Central America likewise contributed to counteract every disposition to confidence. The rate of discount for the best paper was between 8 and 9 per cent., with the prospect of a further advance, which will tend to lessen the shipment of gold. The accounts of the growing crops -were favourable, and an abundant harvest seems to be generally anticipated. The bar silver brought by the last West India steamer has been sold today at 61d. per ounce, being a decline of Id. The trade reports from the provincial towns last week present no alteration. At Manchester there has been a slight decline in prices, corresponding with the movement in cotton. From Birmingham the iron-markets are stated to be steady, although the orders consequent upon a return to peace have not yet realized expectations. The general occupations of the place are gradually improving. At Nottingham the extent of operations has been partially checked by the weather, but a large business has been transacted both in hosiery and lace at full quotations, the foreign demand being extremely good. In the woollen districts prices are fairly upheld, stocks being moderate, and the Irish linen markets maintain an animated appearance. The following letter seems fully to exonerate the South-Eastern Railway Company from the responsibility of thle non-adoption of the desired plan for examining the baggage of traveliers from the continent in London instead of at Folksatone, as well as in respect to the disgraceful "tout-ing" system. It appears that in both cases the blame rests entirely with the Customs and the Treasury:- "South-Eastern Pailway, London Terminus, May 26. "Sr,-Tho prominence which you have given to certain complaints against the South-Eastern Railway Copany, in your money article of Friday last, is my apology for now offering the following observations in explanation:- "1. As to the alleged neglect of the directors, in not carryng out the through registiof passengers'baggage from Paris to London without detention at Folkestone for e.xamination by the Customs authorities there. This is a matter, as you are aware, the decision of which rests, not with the railway company, but with the Treasury and Customs. Thesuggestion made by your correspondent, that the company is insincere in the applications made by them to the Treasuy, might easily be disproved bv a production of the correspondence which has taken pface on the subject. But it would be improper here to enter into any detailed explanation, as the practical arrangements for the through registry ,of baggage from London to Paris, are still matter of negotiation; and it is only reasonable and Droper that the Government should require proper precautions to be adopted in carrying out so important a measure. " 2. As to the ' touting' system practised by agents upon passengers, on their landing at Folkestone. Your correspondent v-ould lead the public to infer that this is carried on under the ' management' of the company; whereas they have for years past been contending against it, and endeavoured to suppress it, as a public nuisance. Perhaps your correspondent is not aware that the parties of whose conduct he complains are the licensed agents, not of the railw-ay company, but of the Customs. In the face of the Customs' licenses granted to such persons, the company is powerless. " The only means by which the company could check the extortion practised by these Customs' agents (but wheich is certainly exaggerated by your corresponident) has been .ndooted-name1y, by the appointment of a special agent, at axed salary, for the purpose of clearing paasen"ers' baggage free of charge. N1. expense nor trouble have been spared to brin this arrangement under the notice of the public. I encose the announcements made with this object, printed in English, French, and German, three or four of which are posted up in the most prominent places in each of the company's steamboats. Handbills to the same effect have been distributed in large numbers among the passengers before landing at Folkestone. A notice of the arrangements adopted as to the passing of luggage free by the comnpony's agent there appears in a prominent place (page 39) in nil1 the company's time-books; and the samne are also advertised frcm time to time in your columns. After such trouble has been taken, and so much e.xpense has been incurred, it is certainly provoking to find that even your intellient correspondent remains to this day unaware of the fact that the very system which he recommends as a remedy for the "- touting" system, has for years past been :dopted by the company. "I am, Sir, your most obedient servant, " S. SMILES, Secretary." The departures from the port of London for ihe Australian colonies during the past week have conmprised five vessels-tvo to Sydney, one to Port Phillip, one to Hobart Town, and one to Swan fiver, with an 3gg7regate capacity of 3,484 tons. She rates of freight e.xhibit a tendency to increased ~firn-ness. Tle subioined is frerd the Peel River Company:" The directors have received per Iight of the Age adVices from their general mperintendent, Mr. King, up to the 26th of February last. He reports that all was going ,on well on the company's Property. He also states-'Immediately after despatching my letterof the 9th of February _ leaXned that there had been a sudden accession of diggers 16,tj2e gold fields, and at the time T write the numberhas in. ei<sed to 25 holders of full lieenses (at 3e. a month per m;;n), and fiv,k of half licenses for the current motith. Thus the gratis proWepYting is beginnin- to tell, and it is said there wil be a large number of diggers next month. Oar owsnm isers have beerS taken from the examination of {he .qs4~ v$ss, wFhich were .really and u.nmistakeably barren, bu¢3vrej7st struck upon a peosit wYhich promises to yield| abettes.ge,tum than anything thia 1155yet been attained by ihem. "The PeelRiver Lawd and Mieral rompany hasnowre AgVCd ZM tes yf the wool-clip, 292 bales '1855."
I BIL WA Y AND MININ( SHARE,% Mondiy Even!ng. The railway-market has been fimer, with an increased amount of business, but the full quotations were not altogether sunported. Indian, French, and Belgian were fully dealt in, and in some cases at a further improvement. Land and banking shares exhibited a slight advance, but the operations were not numerous. Purchases of London and County Bank shares took place at prices rangingr from 334 to 32j. Business in mining securities [was extremely limited. Ottoman Bank left off i to Zpremium; Bank of Switzerland, 14 to j premium; tank of Egypt, i to i premium; Western of London, 5 to 4 discount; London and Paris, 4 to 2+ discount; Alliance Bank, 2 to 1idiscount; National Discount Company, w to ;&discount; I'ernambuco 1-.} to A premium; ~Lom ardo-Venetian, 64 to j premijumn; and Riga railway, 14 to i premium. OBDUTARY 8 HJIARE AND STOCKS.
TRADE BEPORT. hMonday Evening. TAILOw.-The market is quiet, at 45s. 9d. on the spot, and 45s. 6& for the last three months, sellers. Annexed are the stz.riH4cs of stocks and prices:- A'aavAis Yont m Wzsr. cwk Easels * ~~~~~~~~~~~~~1,92492 South America . 939 Australia * 263 Oter laces .. .. . i Total . 2,448 With regard to the general position of the trade, Messrs. Colchester and Woolner remark:-" There has been but little flctuation to note in the tallow-market during the week. A considerable business has been doing for delivery in the last three months, but for immediate consumption there has been less demand. Owing in some measure to the change in the weather, the arrivals have been moderate, and will mostly he at once taken by the trade. The accounts from St. Petersburg state that 133 roubles had been accepted for August delivery, but that the market was firmer, and 134 roubles were now offered. The closing prices are 4as. 9d. to 46s. on the spot; 45s. 6d. for June and July, and 45s. 6d. for the last three months; Australian beef, 46s.; sheep 47s.; South American, 47s. Gd.; town tallow, 46s., net cash."
HOP-MARKET, May 26. Wne late rains have to a certain extent benefitted the bine, although tst 6enera1 appearance is reported to be still backward and weakly, and a ebght appearance o£ fly-although as yet too saUl in quantity to be e mportsnt-has been observed in most parts of the plantations, In the I rnarket there is no alteration worthyofuetice. Fine samples arecasce I quantity, and firmly held at ther recent curency. In the browner descriptions bhut little is passig.
| SA TURDAY HAfLF-HOLYDA Y. I ~ ~ TO THE EDITOR OF THE TD1 S. Sir,-We have tried with success the half-holyday on Saturday, both at our miUls here and at Iettse wharf and mills, and have no doubt of the effects being both benefxcial to the employer and men. By our plan the mnen make fal time, and eave off on Saturday at 1 o'clock instead of 4, the time beng made p by working hall-an-hour later on four days in the week. From 1 to 2 o'clock is dinner hour. The mien are pleased with the arrangement, and, we believe, make good use of it. If the plan could be generally adopted, and the bands of mnsic play in the parks on Saturday afternoon, the working classes mnight be both physically and mentally improved. WVe employ aboat 70. We are. Sir, your obedient se.vvtn,f, GEO. NO"F.R ATh (In t. I!ancras tSawIg, Planig, and Molding Mifl Cambridage-street, Old St. Pancras-'dad, London, may 23.
GIAsGow, May 24.-Cotton.-The mark-et has been dull and drooping this week, but closes firmer, with prices much the same as last.week. The feeling in the market for goods and yarns has been more cheerfu during the Last two days, but the businem done continues limited, and prices are unchanged. Pig Iron.-The pig iron-market has been quiet, but steady during the week; a fair inquiry for warrant#, but little doing for shipment. To-day several parcels warrants changed and at 76s. 9d. cash, at which Ezere were stll buyers at the cle. No. 1 em.Db. 7,7s. 6dL; o. 3, 75s. Colliers have mostly resumed work, but the minere are more obstinate, THE TEA TRADB, May 26.-The deliveries in Iondon, esrt;mated for the week, were 636,5821b., being a decreme of 37,.'Q0b, ConPaIV4 with the previous return.
RALWAY ZBTEZZIGECWE. XACIEESTBRC, SEBFFTIE . A?ND LINCOLNSHTRF I Xne working expenses and other. outgoings of this company's railways (exclusive of the Manchester Sonth Junction and Altrincham, stated below) have amounted in the fortmight ending May18, 1856, to 8,5512.4z. lld., maing, with the 80,9460. l7s. 5dlreAdy stated, atotal of 89,428l. 2s.4d. for the first 10 fortnights of the half-year, or at the rate of 55-21 per cent. on the ralway traffic for the same period. ,The proportion of the South Junction, &c., reoeipts acerning to this compny for the fortnight endmn _ay 18 amounts to 1,164. 2a 5d., maing, with the 6,456!. 19s 5d. previously stated, a total for the rst 10 fortnights of the ihalf-year of 7,621. ls. 10d., wiiie the expenses being '39SI. 5s. 5d. for this, and 3.43!. 23. 4d. for the nine previous fornights,amount to 3,27. 7s. 9d, or at fhe rate of '50-22per cent, of the receipts. OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLV.ERAMpTON. Ameeting of shareholders in this companywasheld at Worcester on Friday, Mr. J. W.Lea in the chair. It was stated that to insure the harmony in the board of directors, advocated by the committee of investigation, some modification of the list of new directors, suggestied by the tancashe shareholders in the company, as absolutely necessary. After some discussion, it has agreedthat thehreconstruction of the board may be safey left by proxies in taheh8nds of Sir S. 3L. Peto arnd Mr. J. P?arson. It was presumed that sf thosegentlemen were authorized todo sbo they would select energetic colleaues 'capable of retrieving the fortunes of the company. The differences of ortheon among the shareholders generally as to the consitution of the new board seem to Mncrease. some of the London shareholders appear to ho airectly opposed tO the above recommendation. -SHREWVSB'JRY AMD HEREFORD. A special meeting of this company was held on Saturday at Shrewabury, pwr. W. Ormsby Gore, a LP, in the chair. The meeting was called for the purpose of considering twc bills now before Par'iament. s r. F. J. PEEsos, solicitor to the company, recited the particulars of the firsto bill, the special objects of which are to enable the company to waise2co,0ina., new caoital, with a mortgagting power of 75,0001., and a power of issuing prefetence shares to the amount of .50,0001. for the purpose of imprevnee stock lintUtey. ol olwtoti.I a s Tbe ctory to him toving that the bill be approved, said that several persons had itimated to himn the great obections they had to preference stock-an objection he concurred in. So longas he was chairman of that company le would pledge himself that there shounld be no resort to preference stock Antil they could not do without it. It was satisfactory to him to say that the company possessed sufficient to pay al liabilities -and claims against it and to settle with contractors without touching the new capital, which would be therefore available for the purposes mtentioned in the bilL. The old capital of the beiany was 450,000rs; the power of borrowing 1.50,000!. the tel of old and new capital would amount to 200,0001. br. WIdLIAc S, a director, seconded the resolution. r. GROUrNDS whs glad to hear the objections the chair- mnan had to preference shares. He had heard it stated that. the lessee of the line (ar. Braesey) was a loser by it. The. average weeldy receipts were 1,2001., the capital of the]5 company was 600,000!., although he believed that Mr. Brassey wvas only liable for C50,0001. But taking it at 600,000!., the interest at 4 per cent, was 24,000o., which being deducted from the gross receipts (62,400!.) would leave 38,400!. That amount was 61 and a fraction per cent. Of the gross receipts. The expenses on railways generally Were about 47 per cent., but taking them at 0 per cent.. on the gross receipts, 31,200!. would remain for interest, Tc., which would leave a clear profit of 7,000wh a-year. After a short conversation, th.e resolutionwas passed nem. The SoLr.rrion having recited the particunars of the other bll, a resolation was agreed to, authorizmig arrangements between the Lt dond and iWorth-Western, the Severn Valley, and the Shrewtsbury and hereford Companies, for the joint construction of a station, and for other purposes, at Shrewsbury The proceedings terminated with a vote ef thanks to the chasirman, the half yearlyfmeeting of this company was held on Wednesday at woeuport, Mr. T. d .tB. Blakemore, ai.P., he reporte, an abstract of which has appeared inblhe Tmoes, was taken as read. The Clinswould, in movig the ad'option of the report, congratulated the shareholders on the improved condition of the undertang. They could hardly be expected to tand inabetter position, and they were able to meet asll their liabilities. The traffic during the firstfour months of the present year showed a steady increase, and presuming it would continue at the same rate, they would, at the end of the current half.year, have a balance in their favour of about 6,000!., which would enable the directors to declare a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent, per annum, and probably more. TIhe expenditure on the Western and Eastern Valley lines amounted to a very considerable sum, but he honed those lines would soon givewthema fair return for the onpt They were at present deprived of the traffic from lhantryagco in consequence of the non completion of two lift bridges across the canal at Newport.: He hoped that the state of the money-market would soon be so far improved as to enable them to raise money to carry on their works vigorously, and, when completed, show the value of the concern as an investment. r. J. BROWN' said he felt disappointed at the great amount of the working expenses, and was quite sure there as room for a large reduction in them. Hr. Ce RTof8G7 T considered that the increase in the traflic since 1854 amounted to 20 per cent., and he had no doubt that the concern would after some time pay a better dividend than it had ever paid. He hoped the contractor who had failed to complete his contract for the bridges would have the penalties for its non-fulfliment enforced. A long discussion ensued on matters of local interest, after which resolutions were passed adopting the report and statement of accounts, declaring a dividend of 30s. on each of the 100. shares and Zs. Sn. on the 25!. shares, re-electing the managing committee for the ensuing year, adding Mr. athomas Brown to the direction; and confsrmng tthe forfeiture of 87 101. shares for the non-payment of calls, authorizing the directors to sell or otherwise dispose of the same. wa vote ofd that the chairman concluded the proceedings. E AST S UFFOLK.L A special meeting of this company was held on Tuesday at Hapesworth, for the purpose of considering the bils now before Parliament, for constructing lines from Lowestoft to Beccles, and from Great yearmouth to Haddiscoe The chair was occupied by MIr. E. Ieathes. Mr. G. G. DA~Y, the solicitor, read the heads of each Clause, and both bills were unanimously approved. It was stated that the pu,rchase of the land required for the line from Halesworth to Woodhridgee is being rapidly proceeded with. The meeting then separated. HITTGElRFOR3) Ai!l) hARL'BOROUiGH. Tt appears that the inhabitants of Devises and Marlborough are endeavouring to obtain an extension of the Great Western Company's line from Hungerford to 3 arlborough. TRAFFIC R;ETUE?IS. ar wam , oren. eengers. chande 15 35 Week ending April 26. GrandtrnkiofCanada . . 513 1,592 .. ,421 . 5,013 ., 3,369 WYeek ending May12. rertWern of France i.a.. 2 ... .. -.-. 33,56l . 33,S42 Week ending May 15. MiariaAntonial -- ......-.. .. - - .21 23-. 280 WVeek ending M1ay 9. Gbreat Western of Canada - 233 8,S6. 8,55. 6,7 . 15,330 . .. 9,869 Wfeekc ending Mfay 24, London, Brighton, 3; South Coat .. .. .. 1831 ..10,223 .. 2,652 ..12,874 .. Week ending May 24. 8nnth-Eastern.. .. - .. - . - 174DI .. 1?247 Epsom races. IRISH RAILWAY RETIURNS, A5DII lJP TO T1H RESPzCIrVsJ DATZS AS tcDr. 1856. 185& Namneof Railway. 6. a d. 8- ID. BelfastandEallymena, May17 . 96 8 8 . 6 811 BelfastandCountyDown, Mfay18 - 260 65 2S 10 4 Cork: Blackrock, and Passge, May 17 31811 n 35S8 0 11 Cork andMandon,MHay 17. . 255 911 .. 238 0 8 Dublinand nYgstown,.May20 8 85-110 . 77016 S Dnblin and WicklIw, May1l .. 422 7 8 . 21615 11 DublnandDrogheda, M%ay 18 .. 1,S36 0 0 1,905 3 S 1Dbtin and BelfastSunction, May18.. 1,28317 2 . 1,05712 1 Interest on Wavan Branch . . 108 I 0 1 99 0 0 Dundalk and En-iskillen. 6May iS -- 39113 2. 298514 2 Great Southern and Western. May.17 6912nf - 7,097 7 6 sh South-astern. ay17 252 12 6 .. 249 710 KillasneyJunction. Mfay17 -. . 285 17 4 -.227 0 1 Londonderry and ER-nisisen, May 17 638 145 . I3OS I Londonderry and Coleraine, May17 280 7 8 286 1 0 Midland Great Western, May 1S 302811 . 1.1 12 S. Ulser iay1 .. . . - .915I1- 1,235 7 3 Waterford and KilkennyMayi 17 , 250 2 5 213 711 WaterfErd and Lnimerick. uay17 9 98417 7 .. 85 17 7
THE CORY TRADZ. COIUM-EXCHATGE, &EX-.LA2M 1[& 26. The supplies of all grain last woeek were only moderate,but of flour they were plentifuL The exports were 375 quarters wheat, and 97 quarters oats. Of native wheat there were 7,708 quarters, of foreign only 3,476 quarters. The morniiigs supply from The near counties was fair, and business proceeded slowly at a redaction on former rates of ls. per qoarter. The trade in foreign was quite retail, with scarcely any difference in quotations. Of country flour there were received 15,578 sacks; of foreign, 38sacks 8,299 barrel Sales were very slow in all Inds, the top price of Norfolks being 46s. Foreign and town-made nominally the same. The supply of barley consisted of 2,479 quarters English, and 2,262 quarters foreign. A rather better business was found, without any reduction of price. In malt no alteration has to be noted. The oat arrivals were short-viz., in al 13,400 quarters; of this quantity about 5,000 were Irish, the rest nearly all foreign. An adrance of 6d. to is. per quarter was realized on all good samples; The sale of inferior being improved. Beans were very scantily provided, the total supply being only 495 quarters Of peas there were alnost none. English beans, as well as peas, were Is higher. Egyptian beans firmL Of linseed there were 2,078 quarters from India, which the exports nearly equalled, being 1,702 quarters. A fair business was doing at unaltered rates. The speculative inquiry for red cloverseed contijnueSbut tne extreme scantiness of the stock left over prevents any amount of business. The few parcels offered during the week have been taken off at full prices. In cloverseed and trefoilseed there is nothing passing. Aount oi Crn ari-,elin ndon from a19 So Bay2 'uu±cWNsa r±tiu±s OF BRITISH GRAIN A.WD FLO()UR In MARK-LAXE. Shillings per quarter. Wheat-Easex axndXent, -white, new. ..61 to 71 extra - to 74 Ditto,.red, new .... 59 - 6 -71 Norfolk, ILincolnshire, andYorkshire red,,ne.w 5 9-4 -- 69 Barley-Malting, new .. .. ..39 40 Chevalier .. ... ..40 - 42 Di stilling, *. 38 Grindln~ adSfok33 -35 Xingsto, Ware antown-made 7.3- 75 4 ngijShfeed 22 - P tato . . .23 - Scotch feed, new.. 24 -25 IIDito l 27 - 28 Potato fi *lt: 25 - 24 Isishfeexwhlte.: 2 ..~1 2021 di -23 Ditto ~1220,,-21 T i cs, SI- 38 Harrw * 38- I339 Pigeon * ~~~~~~~3I - 43 Peas- White boilers * ~~~40 - " Maple . ~~~~~~~~40- 42 Gray * ~~~~~~~~35 - 3 flouir- Town-mn de,perk.L283lb.,Housebds. 59 fue 62 -65 Country.45 - 47 Y11Ditto,houehlds.48 - 50 Nrokad Sfok exehip . 45-48 FOR'EIGN GRAIN. Wheat-Dantzic~ mixed : 9 to 82 bagh mixe - Ktonigsberg: 78 -80 =.81 --32 72 -73 Sueo --78; --4 Amercnwhite 64 -70 red ....so- oi Ponira. Mekli, an Ucersk.,red76 - 77 71 -50 Oes,St. Peters- -6 0 6 bug&IRigs, .. 60 - 2 fiue 64 -66 Barley-Gridn ..308-38 Oats- Duth brw n oa . . 25-28 Dito fe ..21 -23 Stis d21-:23 Stmlsund ~~~~23-25 Beaus Friesland an;d Holstein. :15 - 37 XConigsberg.38 - 38 Peas-. 28-30 Peas- F=, ~~~~~35 _36 Fine bolers..492 44 YeBow ~~~~32 -34 flour- Spnis% per sack. .49-6 sour, pe barrel(nomina) .. . 336 - 389 BRITISH SEEDS. Tare%, w.inter, per bushiel .. .. .. .7s.6Cd.z - Coriander, per set..20-24 Carraw" per cL, now50-- Canary, per qr. 56-60 Linseed per qr., sowing. 63s.; crushing ..3.8. - 58 * Cake, per ton.£13 £1310 Tarse, per bushel ..FOEG ES _ 4a. Md.- 5 Herapaeed, per qr.-SmuIl.::: ::: 6- - Dutch.385 _ Coriander. per ewt..15 -20 =7iee,pr qr. -Bal-tio.53- 56 - Cake, Bombtay.62 00-_341% Bapeseed, Dutch.£123 -1 10 Cake,perton.£10 £7 0
I METIOPOLITAN CATTLE-MARKT, May 26. The arrivil ot cattle and sheep into the port of London from the continent duig the psatweek kas been lager than of late. The Catom house return gives an entry of 59 oxen, 101 calves and 1,014 heep, making a total of 1,17- head. The trade to-day was slow for everything, atnd rices generay were lower. The supples of meat were not excessve, but the weather has become much milder, and the butchers are in consequenco less disposed to keep a large stock on band. Thnehighest.priceobtainedforbeefwas not abovec461.perstone, and only in some few instances could this rate be realized. Of sheep and lamb the supply was above 21,000 head in all. The inauiry for mutton was quiet, and the choicest quality did not exceed 5s. 2d. per stonc, while the greater pa of the trade vas effected at 53. PoUed sheep sold at 4s. 4d. Lamb and veal were decidedly the turn lower. Comparative Statement of Prices and Supply of Cattle at Market This da". Moudav. Mav 26. 1S5
THE OATH OF ABIURATIO The following is a Copy of the :Bill (as amended it committee) for Abrogting the Oath of Abjuratioa sa the Assuranoe, so as to admit of Jews itting in Parliament "'h- ther has mot been for m,anyyasan e soendant of the person who p endedto bees during the life of the late King Jamnes IL., and since his decease pretended to be and took upon imsthe stylean& title of King ofz England, bteaefJmsE,&_ desciibed in tie oath of abjuration set forth i' an act passed i5 the 6th year of His late -iajesty King George ILL, chap. 53, entitled, among other things, as' Au Act for aItemring the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance be iterefor, i enaed by the Queen's Most Exoellent iajesty, byand with' the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal. and Commons in this preset Parliament assembled, and by-. the authority of the same as follows:- " 1. The oath of abjuration and the aesuranc, as set fortln and prescribed in the sald act, or As setforth and prescribed, in any previous act or acts, and the affirmation inste&i. thereof as prescribed by an actjiassed in the 3d and 4tl years of His late Majesty King Williamn IV., chap. 49, entitled 'An Act to allow Quakers and Moravians to mak Afirmation in all cases wherein Oath is or shall be required,' shall not from and after the pa&sing of this act be. required to be taken, subscribed, or made upon any occasiom or for any purpose whatsoever. ",IL Inliei of the oath of abjuration andofthe assance; set forth and prescribed -by the said recited act or any other-. act, the following oath shall be substituted, which shall be entitled 'An oath for securing the Protestant succession to the Crown as by law established,' and shall be in the worda, following-that is to say,- "'I, A. B., do faithfullypromnise to maintaln, support,' amd defend, to the utmost of my power, the successiorm Of the Crown, which succession, by an act entitled " An. Actfor the further Limitation of the Crown, and betterSecuring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject," is anc. stands Limted to the Princess Sophia, Electress and DuchessDowager of Hanover, and the heLrs of her body, beingT rotestants.' 'So help me God.' And every statutory enactment now in foroev ith respect to the oath of abjuration or the assurance hereby abolishecl shall henceforth apply to the oath hereby substituted, in the, same manner as sach last-mentioned oath had been ex pressly mentioned or referred to in and by such statutoryenactments instead of the oath of abjuration and the assrance hereby abolished " IIL Every person permitted by the said act of His lat6 Majesty King Wvillia IV .to male his affirmation instead. of the oath ox abjuration and assurance shal in lieu of theoath hereby substituted, and of the affimation eontained it the lazt-mentioned act, make his solemn affirmation in the, following words-that is to say- "' I, iLB., being one of the people called Quacers rorione of the persusion of the people called Quakers, or of thesUnited Brethren called Moravians, as the case may bel, do solemnly promise that IWill be trme and faithful to the snecession of the Crown, which succession, by an act entitled. " An Act for the fiuther Limitation of the Crown, and the better Securing of the Rights and Liberties of the Snbject,'" is and stauds limited to the Princess Sophia, Electresg ad Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being Protestants.' " 4. This act shall extend to the whole of Her Mjestty'. dominions."
LOCAL DUES UPON SHIPPING. The committee met yesterday, in room No. 11; Mr. Lowe in the chair. :Mr. Bancroft was recaled, and gave some explanations as to the rating of the docks atLiverpool, which had been referred to by a previous witness. Mr. T. Livsey, one of the commissioners for the improvement of the town of Rochdale, said, he was deputed to appear before the committee to complain of the inJustio of the Liverpool town dues, Rochdale contained 42,00G inhabitants, of whomilo,000 were employed in the factories. The two staple manufactures were cotton and wooUlen, ancl were mostly for exportation. On the imports Rochda-e. paid 2,bOOl. for town dues; - nd onl cotton alone, 1,00W. ; and he had no hesitation in saying that one firm paid as much for town dues as it did for all the local rates in Rochdale. With regard to the ex ports it was difficult to asoertain them accurately, as the goods w ere sold to the Manchester and Liverpool merchants, who became the exporters. But witness thought the excports might be -takenat -two. thirds of the imports, making a total of 4,100Z. paid byBloebdale towards the tow n dues of Liverpool. By Mr. HORSFAL.-The amount of the localrates in Rochdale was 6,900Z., exclusive of the poor-rates, the town dues were, therefore, two-thirds of this. By the CHAnIEnAs.-lf the money were expended in keeping up the port no objection would be felt to the dues. but uothing was done in return for them. The conservancy of the Mersey ws quite neglected, aud only threew*eeks ago when he was sailing from Newr Brighton up the rver, he saw the river was making serious inroads upon the Cheshire shore. He believed these dueswere claimed under a grant from Charles L, and he thought it would have been a good thing if he had never reigned at all. Such a monstrosity as this toll ought never to have been granted at all The dues were entirely spent on the town of Liverpool, and witness kmew they had built seven churches and kept seven arsons "in Liverpool out of these town dues. By RIrF aLLF-The consumer no doubt had ultimately to pay the towsn dues, but it had the effect of re-- stricting the trade, rand rendered it very difficult to competewith foreign maufactures. Itwas a question in which the whole country Was interested, and it Was the duty of the Government to interfere and watch over the interests of the public. He thought that within the limit of 59 nilles the dues should be under local management, and beyond that itmnight be left to the Board of Trade. By the CiLuraA.-If the MZunicipal Corporation Acthad enacted that these dues should only be applied for the b'enefit of the town and inhabitants of Liverpool, he thoughtthat was a reason for applying to Parhiament to alter it. By Mr. MoFFATr.-He was aware that a large number of the inhabitants of Liverpoolwere freemen, aud exemDt fron the payment of the town dnes; and some of themcleared 10001. a-year by this exemption. Mr. Crosslcy, M.P. for Halifax, said, he carried on business as a carpet manufacturer in that town, and employed. 3,000 hands. He bad heard the evidence of Mr. Salter, and quite agreed with himn in his statements. Wool, cotton, and oil-came chiefly through Liverpool, and everything butEnglish wool and corn was subject to thetown dues. 10,000 tons of groceries came through Liverpool to HlTifax, upon which the dues were paid, and also Ipon the various articles used inthe dyeing esta'blishment. 4dX per bale was charged on all goods exported from LiverpooL, and adding to this. the dock dues and the protective duty of 30 per cent. in theUnited States, it would make a tax of .44 per cent. upon thevalue of the goods which had to compete with the foreign trade. By Mr. VYAcE.-He thought it would be a great advan-- tage to the trade of Halffax if the town dues were abolished.. |Mr. Lloyd was recaLed, and produced several returns, shewing the absolute charges for town dues and also dock;dues paid by the firm with which he was formerly connected. The result was to p rove that the charge for town dues w.as as much as-for dock dues, and from the former now benefit whatever was derived. Mr. WVell Blundell, the owner of a large estate nine milem north of Liverpool, appeared before the committee, for thepurpose of making some statements respecting the claim of the corporation of Liverpool to levy dues along the coast. He denied the right of the corporation to charge the dues beyond the original cort of LiverpooL Mr. Vickers, inemnber of a firm carrying on bnsiness in Sheffield, and also in Liverpool, appeared on behalf of the corporation of Sheffield and the Cutler's Company, to complain of the town dues of LiverpooL The tax was not so|oppressive in amout as it was uniust in principle, andthe exportswerechieflyaffectedbyit. lisSheffieldfirmpaid1201,,. and the Liverpool firm between 8DO1. orSO)O. a-year for towm dues on iron. None of the firm were freemen, and witnessmost strongly objected to the privileges enjoyed by the freemen to the injury of others. Sheffield was subject to a veryheavv local taxation, as much as 5s. lid. in the pound. and theyhad no funds or property for the purpose of local im-- provements. M r. James Watson, a commission agent carrying on business at Birmingham, said, he attended at the reques of the.Chamber of Commerce. He was in business on his own account, and paid 100L a-vear for town dues-viz., on butter, Is. per ton; bacon, ls.; hams, ls.; lard, Is.; and> cheese, Gd. He had also to complain that there was nocertainty as to amount charged on the different articles in some cases it was more, in others less than the list. ! Mr. John Charley, steam agent at Belfast, objected to thbe town dues as a tax upon the carrier and not upon the consumer. Witness was proceeding to read some letters from: various parties as to the effect of the town dues of Liver-- pool upon the business of the port of Belfast, when, at themotion of Mr. HoRsFALL the room was cleared, and on theparties being re-admitted, Witness, m reply to the C1LtIR3LarA?, continued,-The. cost of carriage from Fleetwood and Belfast was the same, and Ilax which was brought from Rotterdam to Belfast had to pass through Liverpool, and paid the town dues. Eewould give an instance showng the effect of these dues. A bale of cotton when landed from an American or East Irndian ship paid 2d. It paid again on shipment to Belfast, when purehased by the spinnerthere, id; again, on returning from Belfast to liverpool, en route to Manchester, 2d. Again, after bein"woven at M1anchester and returned to Belfast in cloth to be printed, 2d. Again, on returnng from Belfast to Manchester, after being printed in Ireland, to be sold as Mfianchester printed goods, 2d. Again, on passmn through Liverpoolfor shipment to Ireland or other pIaces, 2d. Making a total oaf lld. If he had had time he could have produced to the committee a representation from allthemerchants in the north of L-eland, complaining of the hardship inflicted bythese dues, He thought it was a great injustice that steamers should have to pay towards the support of the streets of LiverpooL Mr. Gattley, secretary to the Harbour Commissioners ofBelfast, stated that the amount of Liverpool town dues psi by Blfast was l,7 91, of which the imports were 997L. 7s. E d. The charge made by Liverpool for pilotage was very-high. Mir. Gi6b, distiller and wine merchant and director of the~ Commercial Association, Manchester, said, he wras deputed by them to appear jbefore the committee and state their views with regard to the injustice of the town dues of LiverpooL WVitness went on to read to the committee a petition, presented to the HouBe of Commons by the association, andl afterward detailed the amount of exports and impots fromn Livcrpool as contrasted with the whole of the united kingdo;n, from which it appeared that mearly one-half of -the: exorts of the Idngdom were taxed towards the town duesof LiverpooL - At the conclusion of the examination of this witness, The committee adjourned until Monday, June 2, at 12 [Advertseent.-llullrated, uanabridged, official Reporti of ladme:'s Nal ih p5treuUc i of tbe prsnr ltasset.e co=<se, ,vud8e endjtu, togtb-,i~l aflre stcgentatiaSOf etbTe acenesatRlugeley, aitbtetrial, and InS Newrg;te (.se eagravioga); pneo IL plai,_ orn bonZdS Ia &1. io i5 pemubxs Te31 nO other r~tiQp, IRpdOn, Ward ad L,oc)i IfleeteleeDt, Eolaeverywhere.
.Z'ABLIAMMENTARY iNTEFLLGEjvCE. HOUSE: OF LORDS, Mow-LY, MAiY 26. - The LORD CHAZTCZLLOR took his seat on the woolsack at ES o'clock, POST-OMFICE CLERKS. Iu reply to the Xarquis of CL,&ICiOAitDz, The Duke of ARGYLL said that a revision of the post'offices throughout the country had been going on for some ime. Upwards of: 100 of the more important offices lad been revised and the scale of salary raised. There remained about 99 offices in which as yet there had been no -revision; but the revision was being carried on as fast 25 ossile. The local postmasters had also obtained the ap-Vointment of their own -subordinates, but that rule had been extended only to those postmasters who had been long in the service of the department, and who devoted their whole time and attention to their official duties. BORDER MARRIAGES. The LORD CHANCELLOR, in the absence of Lord 'Mrougham from indisposition and domestic affliction, pre- sented a petition from the Dean, Archdeacon, Mayor, and inhabitants of Carlse, praying their lordships to take the mibject of Bordernmarriages into their seriox= consideration, with the view of remedying the evils arising therefrom. INDIAN ACCOUNTS. The Earl of ALBEMARLE, in rising to move for a Rumker -of returns connected with the salaries, pensions, and annuities paid to the civil servants of the East India Company said that on Monday last, when he moved for the appointment of a select committee to inquire into the government of our Indian territories, he gathered from the *debatewhich followed, that although itwould not be proper to enter into such an inquiry with aviewto organic changes, yet it would be highly expedient to institute an investiga. fion into the internal administration of Indian affairs. That wls a very important point gained by the friends of Indian improvement. Nothing could be so effectual as publicityin producing a thorough reform in our Indian administration; and whether that publicitv was obtained through a, select committee or in the house itself, the unhappy population of India would be gainers, although for -Iss own part he would prefer the full publicity -of the House to the comparative secresy of a committee-room. To those of their lordships who were not particularly interested in Indian affihirs, and who might think that the very small number who took an interest in them engrossed too much of the time of the House, he would say that India was the only portion of Her Majesty's -dominionsin which therew asnolocalrepresentative government, or which was not immediately under the eye of Parliament through the direct responsibility of a Minister of -the Crown; that the body thus irresponsibly governed was subject to somethin.g very nearly akin to an absolute despotism; that the population of India amounted in numbers -to exactly 22-fold of the other 45 colonies put together; and that the only alleviation of their misery was what might occasionaUy be said in Parliament, and-if he were not out of order in saying so-the space in their columns -which the gentlemen behind the cloc1 could afford to give to the subject of Indian grievances. He hoped he might yen-tre to say that, without incurring the censure of his noble friend the Secretary for War,who informed him on a former -ccasionthat they had another exponent of the wants and -wishes of the Indian people, referring to the Court of 3irectors, which he n3amed the Indian House of Commons. If so, it vas a very queer House of Commons. First of all, it held its sittings, not on the banks of the Ganges, where an Indian House of Commons ought to meet, but on the banks of the Thames. Next, the constituent body was composed of 2,322 ladies and gentlemen, who by lawv might be of any hue, colour, or religion, worshippers of Vishnu or the -Grand Lama, and who founded their claims to be the reprecentatives of the Indian people upon the possession of a cer-tain quantity of stock guaranteed to them by Parliament. It Was plain that the fortunate holders of stock so secured could have no more interest in the people of India than in the people of Kamschatka. (Hear, hear.) His object in movingfor these returns was to make both ends of the Indianaccounts meet,and to enable Parliament to carry -out the recommendations of the Madras Commissioners, and to ascertain whether by means of European agency it was not possible to ameliorate the condition of the Indian people-not merely to suppress the infLiction of bodily pain, but tozelease them from the uncontrolled tvranny of a legion of the very worst class of their own countrymen. The civil charges in India, exclusive of public works and -of the interest of the debt, amnounted to one-fifth, and, if added to the home civil charges, to one-fourth of the entire net revenue of the country. It appeared to him that the only mode in which a surplus could be obtiined for the relief of the Indian people was by a reduction of the salaries of the civil servants. He wished to say just one word with regard to the inade-quacy of the civil servants at this moment engaged. This wvas admitted by all the principal witnesses examined by the Torture Commission, and it was stated by the commissioners themselves, that for a population as large as that of 'Wales there were only four committing magistrates. The members of the Madras Government corrected this by saying that there -were only three who could be depended upon. He had reason to believe from private sources that the same rule was applicable to every other part of India. Another return which he moved for was that of the salaries paid to the uncovenanted civil servants-the unprivileged classes as they might be called-the hard-workinrcen. who did almost all the business. It was important to Inow who they were and how they were- remunerated. For the same reason he had asked for a return of the pensions of milhtary officers, so that their lordships migiht be -able to find out whether greater economy could not he carried out, and whether they ought to continue or increase the number of servants in civil employ. In advocating the yiews which he held he was happy to find he was sup. ported so far by Her Majesty's Government. In a speech attributed to the President of the Board of Control he was said to have stated that he saw no reason, considering the facilities of communication that nowv existed, why the civil servants of India should not be placed on a footing more nearly approaching that of the civil offices connected with the government of the other colonies. With regard -to these pensions he had heard strange stories about them, but he abstained from making comments on the subject till the papers he had moved for, containing the necessary correspondence, were laid on the table. There was another -charge-to which he wished to call attention, known by the name of "anbsentee allowances." Hie believed it would be found that the alowances paid to these absentees were as high for doing nothing in England as the hard-working uncovenanated native civil servants had for doing plenty of work in India. Another return he asked for had reference to annnities in the Madras civil service, which he thought required explanation. In the whole of these returns his object was to ascertain whether the nunmher of civil servants were sufficient for a good government in Inetia, and whether this number could beincreased in a poor country like India at the present rate of remuneration? 'The noble earl then moved for the following returns:- "A return showing the yearly amoimt of all salaries paidto the covenanted civilservants of the Hon. EastIndia Company, under the severalgovermments of Bengal,theNorth Western Provinces, Madras, Bombay, and the Straits Settlements, dustinnnishing each, together wlith the number of persons under"each of the above governments, receiving such salaries in the respective years 1420,1830, 1840, 1850, and the latest rear for which the return can be furnished; a return showing the yearly amount of aU pensions paid in England or India to thecovernanted civil servants of the Hon. East India Company under the several governments of Bengal, the North Western Provinces, Madras, Bombay, and the -Straits Settlements, distinguishing pensions of 1,0001. n-yearfrom those of a lesser amount, in the respective years 1820, 18'0, 1540, 1S50, and the latest year for which -the same can be furnished; a return showing the yearly -amount of aU salaries paid to the uncovenanted civil servants of the Hon. East fndia Company, together with the numnber of persons receiving such salaries, in the first year of the establishment of such civil uncovenanted service, adld for the last year for which the same can be furnished; -a return showing the amount of pensions of uncovenanted -civil servants, and the number of persons drawing the same for the years 1840, 1850, and the latest year for which the same can be furnished ; a return shoving the annual amount of all civil salaries paid to military officers, and the number of persons receiving such salaries, for the respective years 1844 and 1854 - a return showing the number of natives of India, being 3iahomedans or Hindoos, in the civil service of the Hon. Erat India Company, drawing salaries of 5,000 rupees a-year or upwards, together with the sumn total of such salaries, for the respective years 1844 and 1854; a return showing the -amount of absentee allowances paid to the covenanted civil servants of the Hon. East India Companv in the respective years 1820, 1S30, 1840, 1850, and the litest year for which -the same can be furnished; a return showing the amount of the annuities of the Madras Civil Fnnd of the year 1818, and the number of persons receiving such annuities for the respective years 1820, 1830, 1840, 1850, and the latest year forwhich the same can be furnished; copies of all minutes -of Councl, documents, and correspondence between the Governor-General and Court of Directors, as weU as between the several Governments of India among themselves or their subordinate officers, which led to the establishment of pen. sions and absentee allowances of the covenanted civil service of the Hon. East India Company; to call the attention of the House to the recommendation of the Madras Torture Commissioners, that a greater number of European functionaries should be employed in the civil service vith the view- to tie suppression of torture; and to submit to the judgment oftheHouse whether an e'dicient European civil agency be compatible with the presentlavish remuneration of iv il services an India, considering the deficient and fame"n condition of the revenues of that country and the proved poverty of its people." Earl GRANTVILE would have been very glad to assent to the motion of the noble earl, but begged to point out to him tho great amount of work 'which the production of such returns would throw on the departmnents to which they referred, and the expense that -would be incurred. He thought that in such cases the Go. rernment were bound to exercise a certain discretion, so as mot to overwhelm the departments with labour for the pro- duction of documents that might not be necessary for the in. formation of Parliament. His noble friend had moved for papers thatitwould take avery long time to prepare, andhe bad stated that his object for which he moved for them was hopeless, as his belief was that the attenipt to make the two ends of Indian zevenue meet was unattainable. He thought moreover, that while the newr experiment for the admission -of civil servants was being made, and while large numbers -of persons were training themselves for those newv offices, it -would be premature to introduce another system. He -trusted, however, his noble friend would consider the incon- -enience and expense of such returns as he proposed, and iht he would not press his motion upon the ouse. The Earl of ELLENBOROUTGHI had no idea that the India-house would be able to furnish answers to four-fifths of the :eturns moved for, wvhich could ooly be obtained in India. 'Xlere was one retunt the labour connected with - ,which would be enormous, and he hoped his noble friend did not mean to press it-he referred to the returns of conies of all minutes of Council. His noble friend spoko of the uncovenanted civil servants, whom he describedas the hardworkling men of India. He did not quite understand whom his noble friend designated as uncovenanted. Did he mean Europeans? The Earl of ALBEHAIRILE said, therea were three classes Europeans, East Indians, and a fow natives. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH.-The real fact was that the uncovenanted cvil servants were more numerous than the native army. At least they were so when he was first acquainted with the affairs of India-theirnumnber amount. ingto about 296,000 (a laugh), and, in all probability, they had increased since. It was one of the misfortunes of the present mode of governing India that there was a constant demand from all quarters for an increase of establishments. It was not so mach 'he increase of large salaries, it was not any very large expenditure in any one instance that led to somuch public expense; it was the enormous increase in all directions of civil servants and the consequent increase of salaries that was thereby occasioned. But among the European uncovenanted servants in India were some of the ablest men connected with the public service. He thought it most desirable that Europeans should be employed in all the more confidential departments of the Indian service, and especially in the foreign department, and that they ought to receive a liberal remuneration. His noble friend had referred to the subject of pensions, but it must be remembered that all pensions for services in India were given byrole, and that they could not be bestowed arbitrarily by the directors. The scale of pensions was settled, and every man who performed a certain amount of w,ork was, at the end of a given number of years, entitled to a fixed pension. His noble friend had stated that the right hon. gentleman who was now at the head of the Board of Control had expressed an opinion in favour of assimilating the salaries of gentlemen employed in India to those of the gentlemen who were employed in the civil service of the Crown in the colonies. He thought, however, that when that ri"ht kon. gentleman became a httle better acquainted witi the government of India he would arrive at a different conclusion. (Hear, hear.) The time was when salaries in India were small,and that was the period when great fortunes were made. (Hear.) He wouldnot say that the salaries were how large, but they were liberal, and in the conrse of 28 years he had only' heard of two cases, as proved, in which persons holding high situations had been guilty of peculation. When the House considered the great responsibility which attachedto gentlemen in such pOSitiO n their extensive pow ers, the character of the pcopulation, and the facility with which large fortunes might be made by persons ho wrere not men of integrity, he thought it most important that no reduction of the civil service salaries in India should be made without the most mature deliberation. He could not say that the allowrances made to a young gentleman when he first went to India did not appear large; and he thought it was somewshat dispiriting to regimental officers of 25 years' service to find that young men after being engaged for a few years ini the civil service obtained larger incomes than themselves. There was also a rule by which younggentlemen employed in the civil service were entitled to take precedence of old officers. He thought thatregulation was7most improper; but whenthecivil officers obtained higher positions-when they became collectors, magistrates, or judges, and when they had, in fact, to govern provinces-he did not think their salaries were too liberal. (Hear, hear.) Supposing a man who entered the Indian civil service to be prudent in early life-assumimg that he did not get into debt and that he did not marry until he had been 10 or 15 years in the service-if he had ordinary good fortune with regard to appointments, it was not probable that after 30 or 35 years' senrice he could have saved more than from 20,0001. to 25,0001., which, with his' pension, expiring with his life, was probably the only means be had of providing for his family. He was, therefore, of opinion that the emoluments of gentlemen in such a sitnation ought not to be reduced without careful consideration. There were English families which had been connected with India for a century, but from the expense necessarily incurred in sending the children to England for education those families had never risen in the scale of society, but had merely maintained their position. The civil servants employed in the East Indies ought to be men of the highest character and of tho most extensive knowledge. If they were not men of probity they might accumulate fortunes with the greatest facility. In one case,which has been exposed by the ability and moral courag'e of Sir C. Trevtlyan, it was calculated that the person vose conduct was impugned had made 20,0001. a-year ty his peculations. It was, therefore, necessary that gentlemen in such a position should receive somewhat larger emoluments than persons engaged in the civil service in Canada, to secure integrity in the discharge 'of their duties. It must be remembered that when a young man went to India he was separated frons his family at the age of 18, and from that moment there was a total dissolution of all the domestic ties whichi bound him to this country. In al probability he would not see his family again for 10 or 15 years, and he would then have.to makeanew acqusintancowith his father, sis mother, his brothers, or his sisters. Then, when he married,what could be more painful than that, when his family were between the ages of 9 and 17-the very period when he would most desire to be constantly with his children to watch their progress-it vas necessary both for their health and education that they should be separated from him and sent to this country ? These were drawbacks which ought to be fuUy considered in dealing with the question of the remuneration of the civil service in India. The Marquis of CLANRICARDEhoped the Government would consenib to produce the papers which had been moved for by the noble earl near him. He thought if there was the slightest system and order at the India-house, that there could be no difficulty in their preparation. It was desirable that the many misapprehensions which e.xisted in the public mind in this country with regard to the government and finance of India should be dispelled by the production of all possible information. He agreed wiith the noble lord opposite, that the salaries of civil servants placed in confdential positions ought to b- liberal but then the r4venute must be considered, and they certainly ought not to be higher tLan the revenue could afford. He was convinced that it would not only be economical, but politic also to employ natives-particularly thosc of high castein situations of importance. He did not remember ever to have read or heard of an instance in which the emnployment of natives of -high caste in important situations had been injurious, and most of our earlier great Indian statesmen had recorded-their opinion that the higher caste of natives, if well treated, would serve us with the utmost fidelity. He was afraid, however, that there was not so large a number of the natives of the upPer class favourable to our rule as was formerly the case. l'he present moment was very opportune for caUing for these returns, and as they would furnish most useful information with regard to the Indian civil service he hoped they would be granted. Lord LYTTELTON said, he should have been very glad if the committee which the noble earl had moved for on a previous evening had been granted, in order that it might have taken intoits consideration the subject of the Christian religion in India, which had been very slightly touched on by the former committee. It had been generaUy considered that this was a subject with which the Indian Government had nothing whatever to do, and this seemed to be the principle on which they acted, for the most. strenuous opponents of the creation of Indian bishops were the Court of Directors. The noble earl opposite, a very high authority upon the present subject, he believed, entertained the. opinion that Christian missions were not to be encouraged; but he could only say that, if the alternative of losing our dominion in india or of keeping the population in a state of ignorance and heathenism were offeredto him, he would say, perish our Indian rule to the last fragment. Lord DENMAN denied that it had been the wish of Lord. Metcalfe or of other Governors of India to repress the spread of Christianity. Lord Iletealfe had acted upon the principle of not enforcing Christianity by the civil power; but, at the same time, on the conviction, that magna est ieritas el prcwlebit. The noble marquis had objected to the pension of 5,0001. a-year to Lord Dalhousie. Now he could only say that, although he had never spoken to the noble marquis, he had met him in the hunting field and he remembered him at Eton, and he was not afraid to meet him in that house, and to express the opinion that the distinguished services of Lord Dalhousie and the labour which he had undergone had well entitled him to that pension. The Earl of ELLEN-BOROIJGH reminded the noble marquis that it had been the principle of every GovernorGeneral of India since the time of Lord William Bentinck to employ trustworthy natives as far as it was possible to do so. There was no doubt that the present Government of India would act upon that principle-a principle which had always been attended with advantage. The Earl of COLCEESTER said, that he had been informed by the Chairman of the East India Board that it would take eight months to prepare the returns moved for by the noble lord, and he would therefore suggest to him the propriety of not pressing for all those returns. The Earl of ALBEMARLE did not-objecttowithdrawing the motion for those returns objected to by the noble earl opposite (the Earl of Ell§nborough), but he thought that it was only right that their lordships should bejplaced in possession of some information with respect to these pensions. There was evidently a disposition on the part of the Government to reject his proposition, but he did not think the cause of Indian reform would be hurl thereby. Nevertheless it would be his duty to press for these returns, omitting those relative to the minutes of Council, to which objection had been taken by the noble earl opposite. Earl GR.ANVILLE thought that if his noble friendwould withdraw the whole of his resolutions, and then put himself in communication -with the Board of Control, he would secure all the objects he had in view, while avoiding a great amount of public inconvenience. (Hear, hear.) After a few remarks from Lord DEMNiA?N upon the Megality of the sale of writerships, The resolution was withdrawn. WBICEWOOD FOREST BILL. This bill was read a second time. MrARRIAGE LAW AMEN-DING BILL. On the motion of tho LoiD CHANCELLOr this bil was read the third time and passed. PROCEDIURE BEFORE JUSTICES (SCOTLAND) BILL. This bill was also read the third time and passed. PEACE PRESERVATION (IRELAND) BILL. The Earl of BESSBOROUGH moved the second reading of this bill. Viscount DONOUGHMORE said, this bill re-enacted a portion of the existing Crime and Outrage Act, which would expire during the present year. He objected to the system of partially repealng and partially re-enacting, and would preferan entirely new bill to one rendering perpetual part of an existing statute. The bill was almost uninteligible as it stood, and would muake t.he remaining portion of the present act unintelligible also. The LORD CHANCELLOR thought there would be no difficulty in understanding the bill if read in connexion with the existing act. The Earl of WICKLOW was surprised that the noble viscount should offer any opposition to the bilL It was an admirable measure, and should receive the support of their lordships, especially since it had been introduced by the Government, who were reaponsible for the peace of the country. Earl GRANV=LE suggestedthat the conversation should be deferred until their lordships went into committee on the bill. The bill was then read a second time. APPELLATE JURSDICOION OF THE HOUSE- The LORD CHANCELLOR h-id on the table a bill to make better provision for the discharge of the appellte jurisdiction of the House of Lords, wlhch had been framed iN purinance of. the recomimendations of the select com mnittee. The bill was read a first time, and their lordships adjourned at a quarter to 7 eclock.
HOUSE OF COMMIONS, MONDAY, MAY 26. The SPEAKER took the chair at a quarter to 4 o'clock. The Ely Tidal Harbour and Railway Bill, the Glasgow Paving Bil, the London, Tilbury, and Southend Railway (Extension and Branches) Bill, and the Vale of Clwyd Railway Bill were read a third time and passed. Petitions against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill were presented by Sir G. M!O2rrOo3sx3Ycy from the Prasbv. tery of Peebles and inhabitants of the parishes of Stobio and Kiirkurd; by Mr. MACcnE, from the inhabitants of the parish of Crossmichael, in the stewartry of Kirkeudbright; by Sir H. F. D.VIE, from Haddington *by Sir J. FERGUSSON, from the inhabitants of Irvmne; by Mr. W. LOCKHART, from the inhabitants of Avendale, from the provost and inhabitants of Rutherglen, from the inhabitants of Cupar Fife, and from the Kirk Session of Avendale; by Mr. SmoLLErr, from the Kirk Session of Rosmeeth parish, Dunbartonshire - bv Mr. STIRB;G, from the inhabitants of Blair Athof and Little Dunkeld, and Huyray, and from the Presbytery of Weem; by Lord HADD0, from the landholders, commissioners of supply, and justices of the peace of Aberdeenshire i by GeneraiAnmurHoracs', from the oongregation of Greyfrars parish, Aberdeen; and from office-hearers in the parish of Maryculter, county of Kincardine. Petitions in favour of the bill were presented by Mr. CRAUFURD, from inhabitants of the parish of Camnlodden, in Argyllshire; by Mr. G. DuNDu,sS (2), from the provost magistrates, and town-council of Bathgate, county of Inhitbgow; by Mr. BAXTER, from the magistrates and town-council of Forfar; and by Mr. W. EWXRT, from the United Presbyterian Church, Dunifries, and from the Free Church Presbytery, Kirkoudbright. I Petitions against the Poor Removal Bill wvero prosented by Mr. WV. EW T, from the parochial board of the burgh and parish of Dwnfries; by Sir H. F. DAVIE, from the parochialboard of Jedburgh; by Sir E. HAYEs, from the tJnions of Glenties and Ennishiowen, Donegal- by Mr. W. LOCKHART, from the parochial boards of Hamilton and Cambuslang; by Mr. KIcrrDALL, from the board of gumardians of the St. German's Union, Cornwall; by Sir J. FERousso?, from the parochial boards of Old Cnnnoch and Dalrey; by Mr. Du PRE, from Eton Union; by Lord HXDDo, from the landholders, commissioners of supply. and justices of the peace of Aberdeenshire; and by Air. M. GiBsox, from the overseers of the poor of the township of Manchester. Petitions against the lTuisances Removal Bill wYere p resented by Sir A. A Gnsw, from the parochial hoard of Wigtowrn; by MIr. SarOarL1r', from the parochial board of Dumbarton - by Sir J. FERGUSSON, from the parochial heard of Arossan; and by Sir . F. DAVIE, from Haddington. Petitions were presented by Mr. ALEXAN1DER :RASTIE, fromthe workmen of Robert Miller and Sons, Glasgow, of John and Ebenezer Crawford, Glasgow, and of Milton Foundry, Portdundas, GLasgow, all praying that a lawy may be passed declaring the arrestment of workmen's wages illegal ; by Mr. SxoLmTa, from tho masters and workers of Alexandria and Levenfield, Dunbartonshire, Turkey red dye works; and by Mr. BAxSTEs, from the workmen of Mfessrs. G. L. Walkcer and Co., and Messrs. Watson and lMillan, Glasgow. Otherpetitions werepresented by Sir E. HA5rc, from the second Presbyterian church at Letterkenny, for the extension to Ireland of the act for closing publichouses on Sunday, and also from the parish of Raymohey, against the system of national education; by Mrr. FOLEY, from Langley, against military bands play. ing by public authority orn a Sunday; by Mr. EDacuIND DE,XIsoN, from Wortley and Penistone, in favour of the Vaccination Bill; from Kettlewell, against the abolition of church-rates; and from Rimmiugton, a,ainst the Rural Police Bill; by Mr. BA\TER, from the magistrate, and town-council of Forfar, for the regulation by law of unlicensed brokers in Scotland;. by Mr. Cow-A, from the Synod of the Presbyterian Church in England praying the House to withhold its sanction from all existing desecration of the Sabbath; by Lord HOTHAm%I, from clergy and churchwardens of Scarborough, againstthe abolitionof church-rateswithout aneffectual equivalent, and against the present mode of assessing tithe commutation rent-charge; by Sir H. F. D.YviF, from Haddington, against the Burgh Education Bill (Scotland), and against the Medical Profession Regulation Bill; by Mr. HADFIELD, (2) from Baptist congregations at Bacup, Lancashire, and Batley, Yorkshire, against Sir G. Grey's proposed amendmentsto the Church-rates Abolition Bill; by sir G. MONTGOMERY, from the town council of the Royal Burgh of Peebles, against the present practice of bileting soldiers in Scotland; by Mr. MASTERMIAUN, from the dealers and consumers of hay and straw in the metropolis, praying the House to pass the bill now pending to abolish the rossfraudsinthe hay and straw trade; by M1r. MImL, trom West-end Chapel, Hammeramith, against practices tendig to desecrate the Lord's-day; by Air. 7uTT, from the Chamber of Commerce of Newcastle-on-Tyne, in favour of the bill for the better regulation of the corporation of the city of London ; and from the guardians of the Gateshead Union, against the 28th section of the Poor Law Amendment Bill; by Mr. R. PIIILLIMORE, from clergy and laity of the deanery of Belchamp, Essex, and (2) from clergy of the deanery of Bridport, 'Dorsetshire, against the injustice and inequality of rent-charge rating; by M1r. MILLIGA?, from the Hoome and Foreign Affairs Association, Bowling Old-lane, Bradford, for the production of certain papers relating to treaties with Turkey; by Colonel LINDSAY (2), from the householders of Wigan, and from the inhabitant householders of Blackrod and others against the Maynooth endowment; and, to the same effect, by Lord H. CHOLMONcDELnEY, from inhabitants of Portswood and Highfield; from Zion Chapel, Southampton; from inhabitants of Holyrood, Southampton; from Wesleyan Methodists at Romsey, Fawley, Shirley, and Southampton; by Mr. HEATHCOTE, from Oakham, against all State grants to religious bodies in Ireland; by Mr. REPTox, from Leamington, against the employment of military bands on Sunday; by Lord GODEB1cEE, from a public meeting held at the Scientific Institution, John-street, Fitzroysquare, praying for an inquiry into the plans of Mr. Roberb Owen; and by Mr. KlNuAisD, from the Prestbytery of Dumblane, in connexion with the Free Church of Scotland, in favour of the Lord-Advocate's Education Bill. DISEMBODIED MIMTIA. M. GROGAN asked the Under Secretary for War what arrangements were intended to be made, when the militia shouldbe disembodied, in the cases of non-commissioned officers holding the position of sergeant-major or quartermaster-sergeant on the permanent staff of the militia who should have been promoted to commissions in that force, as they could not now resume their former position on the perInanent staff ? Mr. PEEL said that when a militia regiment was disembodied no officers continued to receive permanent pay except adjutants and quartermasters, who retained their appoimtments. If sergeants who had been uromoted to the position of adjutants and quartermasters retained their appointments, of course they would be pvermitted to remain on the permanent staff; but others who had been promoted, but who did not retain their appointments on the disembodiment of the regiment, would only receive the pay they were previously entitled to receive. COAST GUARDSMEN. Mr. FALK asked the First Lord of the Admiralty whether the gallant conduct of Commander Norcock, inspecting commander of the Fowey district, and two coast Nuardsmen, named William Pappin and Charles Henwood, and a man of the name of Johns, son of a Fowey pilot, in conducting the descent of a beat down a cliff 200 feet in height, launching her, and, under circumstances of great danger, rowing to and saingthesole survivor ofavessel wrecked close to Fowey, had been brought beforo the notice of the Lords of the Admiralty?t Sir C. WOOD said that measures had been taken for rewarding the men. PAROCHIAL SCHlOOIS (SCOTLAND). SirTJ. FERGUSSON asked the Lord-Advocate whether by the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill, in the event of the person elected to the office of schoolmaster being a member of the established church, the examination before the Presbytery would still be necessary; and, whether the judicial powers of the Presbyteries over schoolmasters accused of heretical teaching, and their visitation and examination of the schools, would be retained ? The LORD-ADVOCATE said, in answer to the first question, he had no doubt, as regarded the intention and effect of the bill, the person elected to the office of school- ster, being a member of the established church, must be examined according to theprevisions of thebilL In answer to the second question of the hon. gentleman, his ansrwer was that the bill did not touch the judcial powers of the Presbyteries over schoolmasters in the matters allded to. PERCUSSION CAPS. In answer to a question from Colonel NORTH, Mr. MONSELL said that no report had been received respecting thewaterproof percussion caps which were sent out to the Crimea, but that when such a report should be received it would be laid on the table of the house. JOGlT-STOCK COMIPANIES BILL. On the motion that the SPEaEER do leave the chair to go into committee on this bill, Mr. SPOONER said, before the Speaker left the chairrhe wished to ask the right hon. gentleman the Vice-President of the Board of Trade (Mr. Lowe) what was the natureof the alterations he had made in the bill now before the House since its being first. introduced. If he recollected aright the right hon. gentleman on a former occasion said that it wam his intention to introduce certain alterations in his bill, bat that he did not explain either the nature of those alterations or the reasons for them. With regard to the principle of the bill, it was so completely contrary to the policy under which the oorumerce of this country had hitherto been carried on, and which had led it to that height of prosperity at which it had arrived, that without hearing something from the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Lowe) in its support, he should certainly object to the Speaker leaving the chair. He understood that the principle of British commerce had hitherto been to leave every individual to employhis capital and carryout his own commercial views according t o his own wll and judgment, anzd that it was cafullyprovidd against that any combination of iah dividuals Should press upon any single individual, by their combined act and combined interest, so Ma to Work injury against that individual. This bill, on the contrary, held out s11 sorts of temptations to persons to combine their capital and entirely crush small traders. He was sure it W a dagerous principle to establish, and one that would produce most injuzious effects upon the commercial community. Let them conceive a company of grocers. Could any individual grocer compete with a body of men who combined their capital in carrying on that trade against him? It-mustruin the individual grocer; it was utterly impossible his capital could compete against such a combination. It was said that the public would be benefitted by this measure. He denied it alitogether; ont the contrary, his belief was. that the publio would be injured, and that it would have the effect of destroying every individual enterprise. He was so dissatisfied wth the bill that ihe should move as an amendmcent, that the Eouse do resolve into committee that day six months. Mr. LOWE said, the hon. gentleman had asked whether he had made any change in the principle of the bilL Mr. SPOONER-Or alterations in the details. Mr. LOWE said, the alterations which had'been made were purely in detail, and did not affect the principle of the bill. e hon. gentleman appeared to imply that the Winding-up Act was abolished by the bill; but the Wimding-up Act was only repealied as far as concerned companes formed under this bin. The princinle of the bill having been well considered upon the second reading and agreed to withouat 3 division, h did not feel it necessary to reopen the question nOwY by entering pon a discussion of the whole bilL Mr. SPOONEB observedthat his question as tothe reason why an important clause of the present act was omitted froma the bill ha not been answered. The amendment having been negatived, The House went into committee. Clauses 1 to 4 were agreed to. Upon clause .5. MX. DUNLOP proposed an amendment to compel compames in England, Ireland, and Scotland to be registered in the countryin which their registrar's office was situated. The amendment was agreedi to. r. HENLEY suggested that the memorandumn of associaxtion should state whether the persons signing held any, or what numrber of shares. 3Mr. LOWE remarked that the 7th clause would meet the right hon. gentlemans views. Mr. HENLEY then proposed that words should be added to require that some statement should be made in the memorandulm of association to show the amount proposed to be paid up. Mr. SPOONER suggested that the amount and times of future calls should also be stated. An amendment was then put by the CHAum5rma, to add, after the word " company," in line 21, " the amount paid up' to be stated, with the number of calls, the amount of calls, and the times of payment." Mr. LOWE objected to the principle of the amendment. The memorandum of association was a preliminary form. ARl matters of management were to be left to the articles of association, or to the regnlations where there were no articles of association, under schedule D, and he thought very little would be gained by requiring these statements in the memorandum of association, because the statement of a single shilling being paid uP would be sufficient. As to fixiag the amount of calls and the times of payment, it would be anticipating the emergencies of business and contrary to the principle of the bill, which was to leave people to settle these matters forthemselves. (Heoar, hear.) Mfr. MALINS said, the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Henley) and the hon. member for North Warwickshire (Mr. SPoOner) were opposed to the principle of the bill ; but as the House had affirmed that principle it would be far better if, instead of moving amendments, they would endeavour to make it a workable measure. They desired to protect the creditor, but how could the alteration proposed give any additional protection to the creditor, when upon a company failing to meet its engagements, it would be wound up, and all the shareholders be made liable to the full amount of their calls ? Mr. HENLEY did not know upon what grounds the hon. and learned gentleman assunied that he was opposed to the prnceof the bill or anious to protect creditors. This not only with limited liability companies, but with joint-stock companies generall-, and his object was to meet the case of companies being used merely for gambling purposes. M1r. SPOONER also repudiated the accusation of the hon. and learned gentleman (AIr. Malims), that the House having decided in favour of the principle of the bil his endeaYours were not directed to making it as workable as possible. Lord PAIMERSTON concurTed with the right hon. genileman in thinking that it was desirable to give every guard against fraud, but it must be recollected that sometimes, in endeavouring to prevent fraud, facilities were given for the cosmnission of fraud. If the Hcuse passed provisions that might be evaded and gave to fraudulent companies an appearance of bonua fides, they would assist in those purposes which they wished to prevent. (Hear.) Parties would easily record a payment by borrowing it for the moment, and, if it were found that the requisite proportion were paid up, that would give additional plausibility without auditional security. If men would embark in fraudulent companies - no act of Parliament would not save them from loss and imposition. (Hear.) Mr. T. BARING said, there would -always be people tempted by the promise of a hi,h rate of interest and by one or two good names to embark in doubtful schemes. Hf no precautions were necessary against fraud they might strike out the clause altogether; but if some precautions were necessary let the clause be made more strigent and effectual. Lord PALMERSTON.-I did not say that no precautions were necessary, but that under the appearance of precautions there would be none, and that the amendments proposed would give additional colour to the fraudulent transaction. Mr. LOWE said that the clause was intended to lay a foundation for incorporation; Mr. MAIDINS supported the amendment. Mr. CARDWETELL regarded any alteration of the kdnd proposed as not only futile but mischievous. There would be no certainty that a bon4d fide payment would be made, and it would be better to leave it to the discretion of the directors to say when the calls should be paid up. Mr. ARCHIBALD HAST1IE suggested that there should be a Drovision that 5 per cent. of the nominal capital should be paid to the rebistrar. Mr. 'CANN was of opinion that the formation of mushroom companies would be prevented if companies. were obliged to state what amount of capital was paid up. The amendment was then put and negatived. Mr. T. BARIING deemed it desirable that a company should state what amount was paid up on its formation; and with this view he proposed to insert the words,-" And the amount paid up on each share, if any." Mr. HENLEY thought the proposed amendment a valuable addition to the bill; for it was desirable that parties starting a oompany should give a proof of their own sicerity by stating to the public wahat they had paid down. Mr. LOWE said, that the effect of these provisions of the bill appeared to be misunderstood. Therewould benothing paid up under them except a few pounds for ureliminary expenses and registration for the purpose of tfie formation of the company. After the company was formed they would proceed to call for what money they deemed necessary, but at would not be necessary to pay up any money before that period. The amendment was negatived, and the clause was afterwards adopted. Clauses 6 to 18 were agreed to. Upon clause 19, Mr. SPOONER suggested that some provision should b' made to prevent shares being transferred until all the caUs due thereon had been paid up. Mr. LOWVE said, the objeet of the act was to enable persons to know who were the shareholders upon lookin' at the registry.. To prohibit the transfer of shares until the whole amount was paid up would be to introduce an element of uncertainty, as the register would not show whether any calls were due at the period of transfer. It was very important that the register should be conclusive evidence of who were the shareholders. Mr. HENLEY could not see what difficulty thera would be in empowermg companies to refuse registry of transfers in cases where the calls had not been paid up. Mr. LOWE said, there was nothing in the bill to prevent companies from refusing to register transfers if they pleased. Mr. MICHELL moved as an amendment-I"Provided always, that any shareholder may transfer his share or shares to the company as in the form marked F, and the chairman of directors shall accept the said transfer onbehalf of the company; the value of the property of the company shall be paid to the transferror in proportion to the number of shares as per balance 72 a, Table B, such payment to be made within 14 days after the next annual account has been passed by the auditor, deductmig therefrom all debts due to tne company by the transferror, the transferror to remain liable in the same manner as if he had sold his share or shares, according to the provisions of this act." Without some such provision the bill would never work well; but he would not press his amendment if the hon. gentleman would undertake to introduce a provision to enable shareholders to 'withdraw from a company by resigning their shares. Mlr. LOWE replied that the hon. gentleman's desire was already met. It was competent for any shareholder to transfer his shares to the company, if the company thought fit to receive them. There certainly was no provision to compel the chairman to accept such transfer for the company, I whether the company wished it or not. The amendment was negatived, and the clause agreed to; as were also clauses 20 and 21. Upon clause 22, Mr. 1ENLEY suggested that parties should be allowed to take copies of the list of shareholders. Mr. LOWE said, that provision was omitted, because it might be made the means of annoyance to the companies. Mr. 3MAINS thought it of importance that the greatest facilities should be given to creditors to ascertain who were shareholders. Creditors oughtto have the power of making extracts from the register, or obtaining a copy on payment of ansmall sum. Mr. LOWE promised to consider the suggestion of giving copies upon a small payment. The clause, and clause 23 were agreed to. Upon clause 24, Mtr. W. BROWN moved an amendment, to mnake the directors amenable to penalties for injury to tho register, instead of the company. lMr. LOWE said, the point had been considered, and it was thought better to make the company responsible, and leare the company, by bylaws, tO recoup the penalty from the person in fault. The amendment wAs then neg2tived, and the clause was agr6d to. Clausa from 24 to 28 were agreed to. On claue 29, Mr. WARNER moved that the latter part of the tiaune enacting that the limited nature of the company's liability should be exprewedin allbills of exchange, promissorynotes, &c., be omitted. Mr. GLY1 hoped that the hon. gentleman would no;t press his amendment. He had intended to ask the right hon. gentleman to do a little more, and to insert the -word "letter," so that all orders abroad should expressthelimited ibility of the company. Mr. BROWN agreed that the word "letter" ought to be added. Mr. LOWE said, that the principle upon which the bill was argued was, that the public were entitled to the fulUest lpublicit. that could be given to the fact of the limitednattre of the liability. As a temporary provision adapted to a period of transition, he thonght it would be desirable to retain the latter part of the clause referring to biUs of exchange and promissory notes. lMr. MALINS thought that the greatest publicity ought to be given to the limited liability of compamnes. Mr. GURNEY was inclined to think that every signature given on behalf of the company should state the Jmnited nature of its liability. The amendment was put and negatived. Mr. W. BROWN moved, that the word '-letter" be added. The matter was one involving the credit of the country, and all letters abroad ought to show that the liability was limited. -r. HEB lEY said, that if these companies were allowed to act by signature, the signature should be in the .sme forni as upon the engraving of the seal. Sir F. KELLY thought the signature of the company in its corporate form should be required to be affixed to all its instruments. Mr. LOWE said, that these clauses were taken out of the bill of last year, and as he considered they were liable to some objection he would, if the House agreed upon the principle, recast them before the report. A subsequent clause showedhow the companywasto bebound. With reg-ard to the question, of letters it thought it hard to make the company liable to apenalty of 501. foran accidental omisionin a letterwritten in a hurry. If the suggestion about letters were sdopted, a mnalicious servant might intentionally make the company liable to pendlties. At the seine time, he thought it right that the faUl title should be P laced on bills of exchange, or any instrnineitsto which the least ceremony was attached. -Mr. HEBLEY saggested that merchants at a distance, say at Glasgow, might be induced to sell goods to a London company in consequence of letters transnntted to them, and afterwards find, when it faxs too late, that the company was limited. The insertion of the word " limuited" on all letters of the company would prevent this. MIr. BIOFFAT said, the House had already decided that al contracts for goods should contain the title of the company. hlr. HEINLEY knew that in technical orders for goods fraud was provided against, but there were ways of obtaining goods by means of correspondence, without making a formal contract. Mr. W. S. LI=DSAY thought it would be the duty of merchants to make inquiry whether a company was limited or not. Why should not people be taught to depend on themselves instead of depending on an act of Parlianjent? The committee then divided, when the numbers were- For the amendmentt ... ... ... ... 36 Against it.69 Wajority ... ... .... -33 The amendment was accordingly negatived, and the words and letters of credit" having been added after the word receipts" the clause was agreed to. Clauses 31 to 36 were also agreed to. On clause 37, which contains a prohibition against carrymig on business with less than seven shareholders, Mlr. MAIINS pointed out that, if one of the partners iied, the limited liability of the remainder would cease ander this clause. Now, he thought there ought to be a reasonable latitude given for a diminution in the nnmber if the shareholders, and he wouldtherefore suggest that, in. stead of seven, the number should stand at five. 3Mr. M. CfrAMRERS thought a difficulty would arise as the clause now stood. Supposing a corporation of seven members, and one died, the remaining six would cease to have the priv lege of a corporation, and become individually Liable. Tishethoughtexceedingly unjust. Time should be given to the remaining six members to fill up the number to seven before theprivileges of a corporate body should be mlade to expire. Mr. G. BUTT understood the Vice-President of the Board of Trade to say that the effect of this clause was not that the company should cease to be a limited liability company, but that when the numbers of the company were reduced to less than seven, and that that reduced number should carry on business, they should. be liable, so long as bhey did so, under the nliability law, with respect to all contracts made by them during the time they so carried on business; but that they might afterwards increase their numbers to seven, and then the doctrine of limited liability would attach itselfto the company again. The SOLICITOR-GEN-ERL said, his hon. and learned triend had rightly apprehended the meaning of the clause. In the case of a death or cessation of one or more of the members ef the company it would have the power to. fill up its members to the prescribed number. The committee must remember that the provisions of the act wauld not apply to a company consisting of less than seven members; Dut it might lappen that that number might be reduced to less than seven, without the knowledge of the other members, and who might be incurring responsibilties. At the same time it was necessary that a certain number should be fixed. . It, however, might be right to fix a certain period before the liability should be incurred, in order that in the meantime the company might have an opportunity to fill up the required number. He world suggest the period of two months. [Cries of " Six months."] M1r. J. G. PEILIMORE Proposed three months after the knowledge of the reduced number. M1r. HENTEY thought that if at the end of thr6e months the company did not fill up their number to seven they should be deprived of the privileges of the act. Mr. ATHERTON was of opinion that the period should be six months. It was then agreed that the number of shareholders to be registered under this act should not be less than seven. The SOLICITOR-G-EN.ERAL then moved that, after the word "seven," the words "for the period of three months after that number should have been so reduced," be inserted. Mtr. ATHERTON suggesbted six months. Mr. INsDSAY wished the period to be extended to six months. Mr. LOWE.-I agree to its being six months. The amendment was then agreed to. Upon the quesion that the clause, as amended, stand' part of the bll, ar. MALINS objected to the clause as inconsistent with the object of the bilL The bill was intendedtogive increased facilities for the formation of joint-stock companies; but, supposing a company originally consisting of more than seven partners was reduced below that number, the rema-: ing partners would inherit an unlimited liability. That circumstance was calculated to deter prudent men from joining companies formed under this bill. He (Mr. aYims) coald imagine why one person could not form a company, as at present a single trader's liability was limited by the contracts he made. The principle of the bill was applicable to associations of two or more persons. And what advantages would be derived from this clause by any one ? The shareholders could derive none, and, as to the public, other clauses made it imperative that the list of shareholders should be open to the inspection of any one. Because he believed the clause would impede the operation of the act he felt bound to oppose its adoption. Mr. COLLIZR observed, that the bill contemplated associations of many persons, and it was quite clear that some minimum must be fixed to prevent evasion. M. ATHERTON supported the clause. The clause was agreed to, as were the clauses up to clause 55 indusive. Clause 56 was also agreed 'to.D Oni clanse 157, relating to the winding-up of companies, Mr. MALINS could not understand why the Vice-President of the Board of Trade had not adopted the machinery of the existing winding-up acts instead of introducimg new provisions. Mr. LOWE said, that clause 57, and the followin; clauses relating to the same subject, had been introduced into the bill with the view of amending the Present winding-up acts in those respects in which they had been found defident. Those acts had not worked.altogether satisfactorily, ind the clauses in the present bill had been framed wiith the assistance of the gentlemen who had been charged with the administration of the existing law-fte Lord Chancellor, the Vice-Chancellor, and the MIaster of the Rollsupon which they would be found to be a great imprdvement.- The clauso was agreed to. On clause 58, defining the courts by which companies may be wound up, r3I. J. EWART moved the ormission of the words "whose nominal capital does not exceed 5,0001.," the effect of which would be that the affairs of all companies might be wound up by the district courts of banrluptcy, instead of by the Court of Chancery. | Sir F. KELLY said, that the motion of the hon. gentleman raised a question of the greatest nossible importance- whether the winding-up of companies should be carried on henceforth in the Court of Chancery, with all the expense and delay still incident to proceecdings in that court, or whe- therit should be effected in the Courts of Bankraptcy of London and throughout the lingdoni ? I order to determine that question the commuttee should consider- the whole course of the proceeding, from beginning to end, of winding-up the affairs of the companies to be created under the bilL Without entering into any inconvenient details, he woulda undertake to say, -without fear of contradiction, that let the circumstances of a company be what they mightlet its capital be 10,0001., 50,0001., or even 100,0001-let its dealings be extensive or limited-its affairs would be wend u-ptin any court of banlzruptcy,in one-fifth of the- tirin and with less than one-fifth of the expense at which it would be po3sible to wind them up inthe Court of Chancrry. (Hear, hear.) He admitted that of late years the prol;edure in the Court of Chancery had- undergone considePable improvement; but so much still remained to be dkne that to b - the winding-up of the affairs of the ocn:panie3 to be crea 2 under the bill within the jurisdiction *4 the Court of Chan. ery wvould be productive of many tend serious evils. There were long and freczuent periods of the year during wlhich the Court of Cha2ry did no; sit at all;- the chances were that in the lQS vacation, two, three, or even four months mnight elapse, however urgent the circustane%, bodre the Pittion could even be hexd-caudsg great expene and n- jury to the interests involved; whereas the Courts of Bankruptc were nowhere fully employed, and their machinery was tde most perfect existing in any department of our law for winding up the affairs of a mercantile company. There was also the prominent defect of the Court of Chancery; hko iVh a ve examination, 'but a mass of WrEitet ehidenc, swelling the briefs, increaseng the expense, and leading to great delay and litigation. (Hear, hear.) .SupPosing counse olbothsides toaoverbdne head, ana an oraer gcr windine up made, the matter would then be reered to, officers created by this bill, caled "officiyt liquidatadrs Ile submitted that it wotaci be better to trust to the offioeal and trae assignees, of whom theY had had long and w-rlfounded ex prience, than td refer to "goffiei liquidator_ " of whotm ty had had no experience, and ins whoma th publio -would neot therefore, have the same confxdenae. (Hear.) In the actual winding up the accounts would have to be taken andt the books would have to be examined by the chief clerkt and other offioers of the Court of Chdancery. Those offinrd were already overburdened with business, andi great delay would necessarily result. Ifthe winding were deputed toem the Court of Bankruptcy, the bil d b maded almosts efrocen has tossbe andt he should,th eresupsupport the motion couthe henassemberhforiLiverpooly Mr. MALIt S said, the description given by the ho. - learnel gentlemax of the Court of Chancerr has as intppe cable as it could be to any institutioneitn nt~ country. Any one would believe from thtdsrpinha the Court of Chancery was one system dla,ee nst, andl orer-burdening of business. (Hlear,h . otk the last charge, that the Court of Chancery waereladet with geat arebars of buness, what ou e House think whenioe told them that the Court of Chancery had its bui ness so closely done that, to use a commot eressionier lived almost from hand torn lc hter4i He suppehon. gentlemen were surpr ise at tghe statement. (ashear.) He oDuld only assure them it was positively bre.r (A laugh.) He was not representing that the business of the Court of Chancery had diminised but 'he saId that such was the effect of the altered sysem that the judges of the Court of Chancery were able ta vkeep down all arrears, and he stated, upon his cret as a member of that House and of the prlfessionrtorwhich he had the honour to belong, that it wis his opinion the business could not be broughit uip closer vithout disadvantage to the public. (Derisive cheers.) If it were doubted, he -woul give a statement of tlier -facts. (L-oud cries of "No," and "Agreed.") Me wouldn6t; be deterred by the vulgar prejudices which came into opera-r tion directl any one ne Ithoned the Court of Chancery. of would not detain the RVfuse by describing a Chancerj suit, although at was short enough now, but, the hon. and learned genitleman having said that all the courts of equity were overloaded, his assertion was that no court was overloaded. The Master of the duols bead the lrgest number of causes, and a fortnight ago e had to a y to the Lord Chancellor to trader to him other causes.Vice-Chancellor a inde-sieh r had no arrear. VioeoChaneoor Stuart was out of business when he rose last term. Except in Vieo-Chancelor Woold's Court there -were no causes ainting any time for hearig, and in his oourt there was not a cause which had now been- set down two months, In the Appeal Court there was not an ap l which was ready toHbe heaiclr one month ago. Hat emphatically said there were no arsf nor were there likely to be any, and the expense was as mnoderate dms was con sistent with the duo administration of justice. The hon. and learned gentleman said the winding n could bo lone ia the bankruptcy Courts at one-fifth tho expense. The object of the House was to have the fatter well done by judiges who, fro their position and learning, administe e justiceinasatisfactory Ianner. he ventured to say no tribunal gave so little satisfacion-itydeed, he might say so much dissatisfaction-as the Court of Bankruptcy. (Hear.) Heo ws certain of the fact that mtos Court of Bankruptcy was most unsatisfactory, and so unsri~tisfactory todat he belheved it could not be tolerated much longer. There were five conmissoners sitting in Basinghianhe street, each with e000. a-year, who were not called, upon to give to the public more than eight or ninie hoursl service a-week. (eear, hear.) Any one of the Vice-Chancellors would, with the greatest facility, dispos6 of the whole business by sitting from 10 to 4 'clocl- daily on the average of the whole julicial year. (Hear.) If they -wanted judn to give the country satisfaction they m us keep them fly occupied ; for, of all things calculated to lower the character of the judges in Banlrrutoty, -the moat lilkely to do so mas the system by which they Were enabled to make arrangements for one sitting one or two days in the week, while the rest were idaing about the countrye becoming menof ietsurinstead ofaetof business.o(He3rI If they transferrU this business to the Court of Bankuapty it would scarely add msore than an hour a mionth to -thoe sittings of eah commissioner. This winding-up business could not be of great extent. There had been a good deaf of litigation in the Court of Chancery upon the Winding-up mof 1m , becae there had been hundreds of abortive railay ompnie. Bt tesehadbeen nearly all set , C and, wi fora matwr or thrfeet yendif nthe busiehm of etheCourt wasiness wenumbetransed b picathe C under ther Winding-np or ihe t wa nowthe factuse thatsometimes for twoimnths-u togiethe thres wso notamnle appuiaotiont Bto ith csouret undertheancet. Sine parlictametb this buillg wouli settle the question " Who are cntri tore tce pes might be wound-up in three months at the most in the Court of Chancery, and by a simple and economical machinery. Although himtself a prcetitioner in the Cout of Chancery, it was a matter of perfect indifference to himi whether the business were transacted in the Court of Chafrs Bankrupthe r fo Bantkruptcy, because the nature of the indingp do bm ne was so simple and unimportant, But sistrwasr.frea impoctsancea thevpublic that this business shouldbetransawede ind a Ecourtof esy acce, -where the aexpense would be small, it would be tausuctel to the entire satisfactIon of the puboi withount delay or the prospcurt. of nela. otheCurt hof. Cnery d was never cloued. forf abinglthe day,ifrnes of the joudge o as Balwaysaccessible. Butsitewa ae onsequence o therjudges of th e Courtn Bankptcy whan aso f litte it do that aino court of thw e msaingd tom ily, w asno mc dbon te b uty. in the absence of The ommissionerorders were, continualy hade by othe registinrar. The defec and vices of the oCoLr 'f Banousto rptcywere need songrt theCothat, instead of udding t its busness, itwould be absolutelyv necessargy or pethenMousat no dxisethat period,to remode wsel brig thet tvices of the Court of Bakut b eoe the House.tlHcobjectedl to the transfer of this busine of court wihWas familiar -with it to a court which work-ed unsatisfacorily, and was about the worst in the Cingdlom. The Sn LIOrT0Rs t ofEP RAL said, that the effect of the omf ison wouldI be to give an unlimitecl jurisdiction to the Court of Banakuptcy.yHe thought the Court of Bunt Uptte exceedingly comnpetent -to exercise that jurisdiction. -Pt, was true that the court was open to some of t-he animadverstson of his hon. and learned friend, but it was mso doubt nfecssary; for if toe the discharge orthis duty. One -of hishofand learnedthe friends had spoakenof the Court of Chancery asta sonrtof Phandemonium, ad another as a sort of Pradse.If arlamet gve n ecluivejurisdiction:to the Court of Bankuptcy, ao great lmo must be done thanoneof is en,andleanedfrindsseemed to imaginle necessary; for if they gave complete jurisdition to the Court of Bankruptcy they would end by making the Court 'of Banlcrnptcy a Court of Chancery. If a company went to the Couirt of Bankcruptcy to be wound -up, anLd if in tbhe interim before the winding up one of the members of the company died, that court weuld have no power to follow the property of that member. Me saw no objection to the omission, and he believed that his right hon. friend (Mr. Lowre) also agreed to the omission. (Hear, hear.) 3Mr. STEEL conceived that, except in the neighbourhood of large towns, the business would be better done by some tribunal in the maetropolisthanbvthedistrictcommissioners of the Court of Bakruiptcy. Mr.. EENLEY was glad to hear the hon. and learned gentleman agree to the transfer of the jurisdiction to the Court of Bankrnptcy, for he believed that that tribunal would get hold of the assets more quickly than the Court of Chancery, which was- a matter of some importance in these cases of limited liability.- Mr. GLYN also expressed his satisfaction that the prosition was greed to, for, generally speaking, the Courts of ankrnptcy in the country administered the assets to the Patisfaction of the suitors. Mr. LOYWE gathered that it was the opinion of the committee that the amendment proposed by the lion. member for Liverpool should be agreed to - and, as it was his wish only to select the tribunal which should be deemed the best, he was willing to acquiesce in the change.- (Hearj) The bill was drawn with a view both to the Court of Chancery and to the Court of Bankruptcy, and though the enormous powers of the former rmight enable it to work the most complete justice, still he hoped that the latter would on the whole be found a satisactory and cheaper tribunal, The amendment for the rejection of the words cc and whose nominal capital does not exceed 5,0W0Ot" was put and agreed to. The clause was theri ageed to. Clauses up to 81 inclusive were agreed to, with some verbal amendments. On clause 82, which provides for the appointment of oficial liquidators, being read, Mtr. HORSFATL objected to the clause, snd expressed his opinion that the nomination of the liquidators aould. not be left entirely with the Conrt, but that power1should be given to the creditors of any insolvent omjany to appoint one of those officials. He wished to introduce another clause in the place of that just read; but as he could not do so in the present stage of the bil he would move thit the clause be omitted. MIr. LOWE thought that if one liquidator were appointed by the Court and another by the creditors, great confusion and anarchy might ensue if they did not agree in opiion, and he conceived that the best plan was to leave the ap- pointment of those officials with the Court. Me could not therefore assent to the alteration of the clause. The committee then divided, and the numbers were- For the cluse ... ... ... ... 131 Against it ... ... ... ... 52: Mjority ... ... ... ... --79 The clause was then agreed t to. Thoremaining clauses of the bil were also agreed to. On themotio of Sir F. X:L ny, clauses were added bo the bil to authorize the Court after an order for winGng up to call upou persons to produce paners and documents, connected with the company, and to puni the directorsia the case of anv falsification of papers. The schedules were then agreed to. The Mouse resumed, and. the bill was reprid with. amendments. PARTTERSHEP A'D1ENDMENT (No. 2) BILT. Mr. LOWV E m oved that this bil be xeada second time. Mr. ARCHTBALI) 4ASTIE said,- tYAt before a bill of this descrintion was brought forward, i was incumbent on the right on. gentleman so show that there Wu a want of capitalinthe country. Me bd net done this; but had thrust abill upon-the House, without showing any necessity for it. It 3had been stated tht those whoopposed the bi -ished to obtain amonopoly of capital. The fact was, thebill joft,idsrp.nh gEifv of the capifiit&At
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. ~Sr-In some remarks I made last evenkgduig h discusion of the Police Bill in committee I am reported in 27h Time,s to have said,-" With regard to the boroughs there was an arrangement with the Home Secretary that this clause should not be inserted." What I believe I did say on this point, andI certainly Wheant,I was,-" From the expostulations of the boroughs the Home Secretary had taken this clause out of the bill." I am. Sir. vnnig nAipnl- G. T. SCOBELL. May 24.
The Chancellor Of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the second half of a 51.-note for unpaid malt duty from " A. B." PALMER, MAST Nxonr.-Extraordinary as it muay appear, after the esumming up of Lord Campbell, so clearly against him, and with a ful conviction of its terrible importance and effect, the spirit of William Palmer remains unaffected, and his courage as undaunted as before. He shows no wincing or faltering ia his bearing, and met his brother George and his solicitor, Mr. John Smith, of Eirmingham (not Jeremiah Smith, of Rlugeley), last night, with the same firmness and unblenched look. To his brother, who was visibly affected, and shed tears on seeig him WiDliam Palmer spoke eheeringly, and said, "Don't take on, George; there is a God above us that,will stand beween me and harm. I am innocent of the crime imputed to me. Let that be a consolation to you, my mother, and my boy. Act upon my word; I have never deceived you yet; and, however guilty I have been in other things, to destroy life has never entered my head." He then tapped his brother on the shoulder and went on, "May you sleep as sound as I do. I have had a good tea, with half a pound of steak. Mray you have as good a night's rest as I shall. Tell my mother and my boy that Newton and lMills are false, and that I fear the grave as little as my bed." With that he shook hands with both. He then entered into a desultory conversation, inquiring how his boy was, sawing, "TeD Willy his father nas had many troubles, but tle least of al has been the accusation of murder against him." He then said, "Good night, God bless you! May your mind be as easy as mine is now. Don't feel low. Jerry Smith's evidence was very bad. It has left the case just where it was, and leaves Newton's evidence only open to the suspicion that attended it before Jerry came." IHe thea. exc gnaed a few words of parting as he bade his brother and solicitor good bye, to all appearance himself the least concerned of the party. Dnn.&nrTm CorIncatY ExnOSrON.-A dreadful colliery explosion occurred at Carnarvon, Glamorganshire, in the works of the Governor and Company of Copperminers, on Saturday last, about 10 o'clock in the morning, whereby 10 men were killed or died before they reached their homes, and two more are since dead; several others were slightly burnt or injured. The cause of the accident, as on most of these occasions, is at present unknown, but it is presumed that one of the men must have opened his safety lamp, or had it broken by a sudden fall of coal from the roof of the pit, which brougqht with it a "blower" of explosive gas. SALT Ih' B}stnISu LNnr&.-Three large blue-books, published on Saturday, contain the report of the commissioners appointed to inquire into, and report on, the manufacture, sale of, and tax upon, salt in British India, and more especially upon the practicability of substituting for present arrangements a system of excise in the Presidencies of Bengal and Madras. The report proper occupies a blue-book of 100 pages; it is followed by an appendix of nearly 800 pages, and another volume of maps of saltworks in the various Presidencies. The report gives an elaborate bistory of the salt revenue, and examines in the minutest detail the mode of manufacturing salt, and the system of administering the revenue now in operation. The conclusion from the analysis of facts and opinions is, that the Excise has 'not hitherto worked well in the Bombay Presidency, but this is owing to defective arrangements only, and not owing to the unsuitableness of the system: the defects are enumerated and considered. As regards the practica. bility of substituting for tlle monopoly a system of excise on the manufacture, it does not appear that the monopoly in the Madras Presidency is open to much practical objection. The present Board of Revenue admit the practicability of substitu,ting an excise, but the cellectors genAraUy object to it. The commissioner seems to be of Opinion that a modified form of excise, similar to that which prevails in Bombay, is quite feasible, and would involve no material change in the details of local management or in the genera administrative system. BRrrss SrIunrTs.-The total quantity of proof spirits charged vith duty in Ireland last year a.uounted t 7,054,204 gallons, of which 525,848 were for exportation, and the rest for home consumption. 'The duty received was 1,927,249. - the actual, deficiency- in proof galons, 174,222;* and the alowance made by thte Inland l.vQnue, 131,921) proof gallons. ?-id 85,1081. in muoney,
- MAVISTOCK HOTEL,-THREE L-ETTERS RE. I :CEIVYED from G. H.L D. I, -who is requetd to alli tmet Calt. P. ti.. dusy or to-morrow iweanelneay)-may 27, 156. OST, on Saturday, bbetwseen the centaro entrance of VAa 11scaunybalf-weay dowa ftdoonbam-hill, a )FAR WATEIIEDLKa 'p sPAlASOL, -lined with lw*te, and ivory handle. Wboever wil write, stating where it maty be bad, shall. upon the receipt or it. receive FIY VE'SHILLINGSM 1EWA1 Addte Ys Y., Irs. Walker's. MontPelisr-ale. Blackheath. ,HTERhAWESTY3 ii.cCuDtorrfrif Daulbhol, Sisnor Visiro; . Dotore Gre?nvil, Sigfnor -Baillen - aEad ' Gersuont (;isirgifl Signor B?e vetn~o- To conclude writh the rnew ballet dhvertissement LA MANOL: Mladame AlbertDemo,s MdUl. Cl-ara, ireLreux, liatrine. Pie?rron, and Ro0sa; MW. Venafra, and.iM, '.'andris, On Thursday, Mfay 29. no performaBnce. Friday. Mfay 30, Grand Extra Night: favouxite Opera and BaUaet. Appucations for b)oxes, atalls. ant tickt tbe mzade at the hex-offlce of the theatre. Colonnade. ilaysnarket. It>OYAL- ITALIA OPER,LYCEUM.- Grand Extra Night Tomorrow lWednesday).-Tomoirow Wednesday; Ay 28) a Grand E%tra Night wil take pace. on ahich oceasion will be perforined Donizettisa celebrated opera, 1UCREZ3A .BO]lGIA L Ducre2ia Borgia, iMadame Grisd- MaDjO Orelni MdUc. - DidiLe,: Don Alfonso, Siguor Ronconi; -ac^ LZlmr tsi hVello. Signor Soldi; Gubetta, Signor Tag'is A-so.' Signor Polonini; Yitellozzo, Signer Gregeio; and Gennaro, Signor Mario To conclude with the divertissement entitled EVA, in . hich MdUe 'Cerito will make her second appearance. The opera of wigoletto Will be performed on Satuday next. TYOEUM THEATE ROYAL.-3r. 0EAR. L DILLON respectfuly int.rnss the nobility, gentry, and public generally that he bas b-come the lessee of the above elegaut establishment, whichwllopsn under his inanagement early in Septemberne2t. I)RURY-LANE.-56dhit Night of the English Operaa. --SecondNightofTheYoungActress, invhichM.c audhles. W. J. FlorenCe will appear in new charScters.-THIS EVEYING iTuesdar), M3ay 27. will be Performed TaEI YANKEE HOUSEKEEPER, i which Mrs. Florence will sing " Bobbing around"and " PoUy, won't yen try me oh)" These wonderful Amnerican profductions are vociferously encored nightly by audiences cramumed to the ceiling. AEter which, bypartiuslar desirc, Verdi's opnlar operaH.TROVAToEE. ibr, The Gipey's Vengeance. Supported by Lucy Escuit, bliss FaBnny ~addart; bEesas.xAugustus Braham. Darabd. Bernar'i 5cc. To conclude with a new piece entitled THfE YOUNXG ACTRESS.3 in which Mrs. W. 3 Plorence will slog an entirely new song entitled " Riddle-cum-dlakey-. rT EATRE ROYAL, HAYMAARKET.-THIS J 3EVENING (Tuesday) 62d time of the comedy of THE EVI, GENI3US. After whicb, the renowned Spanish dancers, Perca Nena, with Manuel Perez and a cumplete Company of Spanish Coryphies In the banet pahtomime of EL GAMBSIXNO. 'With the third night of the new and successful farce of THE RIGHTS AND WVRONGS OF WOMAN, in which Mr. Buckstone. AMr. Howve, Mis Talbot. and Mim Bela Colaud wil appear. After which, Maseer Bundy andTH POS&IPMAN'S KNOCK To-nmorrow, lodgings for Single Gentlemen: The Evil Genius; the Spanish Dancers; The Rights and Wrongs of Woman; and The Doctor in Love. A Day Performance on Thursday. AMay 29 (to commence at 3 e'elock precisely, and conclude to the minute at Z minutes to 6)-the comedY ef The Evil Genius, with the Spanish Dancers (Perea Nena, &c.) in the ballet of El Gambusino. . R OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - THIS E INVENG and durIng the week Tfhursday excepted)Q wI be presented Shakspeare's play of TERE WINTER'S TALE. Leont. by Mr. a Eeau- Hermione, by Mrs. C. Kean. Preceded by THE *VICTOB VANQUISHED. On .Thursday there will he a Morning Performa3nceof %se WintersTale. Tocommenceat2o'clock. Doors to be opened at half-past 1. TrHEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Novelty and Jl Uniquie Attraction for Three Nights Only.-Green Bushes This Evening (Tuesday). on Friday night, and Thursday at 3 in the afternoon.-A Bottle of Smoke, a great succes.-THIt EVENING. THE GR3EE BUSHES: Mr. Wridht, Mr. Paul Bedford, and Madamo Celeste in their original characters. With A BOTTLE OF SMOKE: by Mr. Wright and MIis3 Wyndham. To-morrow Wednesday iand Saturday Evenin : Paul Pry, by MIr.WYrlgllt: A B3tte of Smoke: ; nd Good Night. Sig. rant310n.l Thurs<day. a MIorning Performance of the Green Bashes;* and A Botte of Sasole- commencing at 3io the afternoon. The popular orama oftLikeandUnlikeetill be repeated on MIr. B. Web ster's return from the continent. S ADLER's-WELLS THEATiRE.-English Opera.- Las3t Two Nigh.a.-hfanager, i Howarl GRTer.-Musical Diretor. Mr. W. H. lontgomery.-.Artiates :-Mr. Sim Reeves, Mr. WVeiss. Mr. Miranda. Mr. J. Bingo, hIr. Deiyant. IMr. Leffler. Mrs. Sims Reeves. Mliss Bleaden, Madame Wei. and Miss IabReca Iatcs. -THIS EVBENINlG. LA S02;NAMBIJLe. will be repeated in consequence of its enthusatic reception or. Thusay lst. Conductor on this occasion. 3. Benedict, who has bandasiceir proffered his valuable services. To be followed by THE DAUGHTER OF THE REGIMENT. Maria. Miss Rebecca Isaacn - 'onio Mr. Miranda: Sulpelie, ,Mr. De3avauti. On Saturdas, thebistihy desire) The Bride of Lammermoor. To be followed byTe Waterman. Tom Tug, Mr. Sims Reeves (vwho wIl sing " The Bay of Biscay'rY being his last appearance. Boxes, s. and 4s.: pit. 2s.; gallery. Is. Tualf-price to boxesonly at 9f3dOdk. llaces to be had daily at thle Tleatre from 11 till 3. NTATIONAL STANDARD THEATRI.-The A.'% Greatest Hit,ever made iD the East.-Enthusiastic Reception of Professor Audernon. the Great Wizard of the North.-MAGlWl and MYSTERY EVERY EVNENING, on thesame sale-of splendotr as it waS produced at thc Tneatrs Royal, Covent-garden and Lyceum. Doocs open each eveningatp commence at half-past. Forprices' see small bills. In con3ee3uence of thc great rush, it issimportant to secure rsint beforehand. Boz-ofEce operadnily. fromll tD4. The Theatre will be closed on Thursday evening, but there wilbe a gusud Day Perf'ormance on Thueslay. atloTclock. 1'~~~ ~ be a--udDa HER MAJESTY'S THEATR Mdlh£e-. Plccolommi. THIS EVENING (Tuesday, May 27] will be repeated. (for the second time in England) Verdi's highly successful opera, LA TRAVIATA. Violetta. hltlte. Piccolomini; Alfredo5 Signor Calzolari; Barone Dauphol, SignorVairo; DotioreGrenvil, SigorBailloa; and Germont Giorgio. Signor Beneventano. To conclzde with tho new baUet divertissement. LA MANOLA: Madame Albert Bellon, Mdle Calara. Lizereux. Katrine, Pierrou, and Rosa; hL Venafra and 3L Vandils. Mladame AIbertini has arrived ard will shortly appear. MIadameMaaieTaegioihas arrived. Applicationsforboxes, stalils, and tickebt to be made at the box-ollice of the theatre, Colonnade, HaynLarket. ROYAL ITALIAN OPERA, LYCEUML First Appearance of Mdlle. Cerito. THIS EVENING (Tuesday, May 27] wi!t be performed D.osidn'is opera. LBE COhTEa ORY. La3 CWontea, hradame Bo3io; EsTEonda.MdUe. Didide; Isdjicro, THE dYe. Mal L'AioS hL Zelger Raimbaldo, Signor TaOVliAfio; Rn Cavaliere,. Signor 5sVn; andll Coute Ory, Signor Gardoni. Conductor-Mr. Costa. After which, the balUet divetissement entitled EVA, PMinpal ccters by YdUles. E scer, Genat, Comabs, and Emma. Mr. Payne, H. Doe3paces, and Mdle. Ceuito Iher first aPpearance this season). IiItUIY-L-ANE.-ENGI,ISEE OPERA, After which. IE TRwOVih TOREeror, Thsdt e Gpsy D ncea L,ucy Becoti, Miss Fanny EIuddart; Miessrs. Augustus Braham, Dmramd. Bernard, ko. To conclude with THIE YOu G ACTRESS. TEATRE ROYAL, HAYSARKET. Under the Management of Mr. Buckheone. TEHIS EVEN nG, THE EVIL O GENQIUHS. lstessrs. Bnckatone, Cempten: Miss Swvanborongh, E.TEitrsrilllato, c, A .fterwhich,Pereaslena and the SpaWnsh Daners. Wilth a newv fa rce. TH[E RIGHTS AND W9RONGS OF WOMAsN. Concluding with Master unedy and TH POSTKS KaOCK ROYA PRINCESS'S THfEATRE. Under the Ma3nagement of Mr. Charles }ean TH[IS EVENIYGwiUIbe presented THE VICTOR VAYQJISHD. Alfter which. Shakspeare'a play of THE{I WISTER'S TALE. ILeontes. by MIr. 0. Bea; HRermione, by 1rs. 0. 3Mean. THEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHL Proprietor, Mfr. B. Webster; Directress, Madame Celeste. THIS ]:VENING, THE GREEN BUSHES. Muster Grinnidge, hMr.WVright; Jack Gong, MIr. Paul Bedford; and Miami, Ladame Coleste-tbenr original characters. Withthe new farce o A BOTTLE OF SMOKE: by Mr. Wright and Mi3sVyndham. Commence at 7. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. lessee, bMr. Alfred Wigan. THIS EVENING, THE TRAGEDY QUEEN;: Mrs. Stirlinr, Mr. Emery. RETRIBUTION: bMesrs. A, Wigan, Emery. G. Vining; Miss Herbert. and Mliss 3Lasston. STAY AT HOME: Messrs. Emery, G. Vuiing; Mrs. Stirling, and Miss Ternan. Commence at J ast 7. SADLER'S-WE1Z&-ENGLISH OPERA. THIS EVENING. LA SOiNNAbBULA.JI Elvino, Mir. Simse Reeves: Count Rudoipho. M^r. Delasanti:. Amina. MNrs. Simns Reeves. To conclude With THIE DAUGHERhh OF THlE REGIMENT. Maria. bliss Rebecca Isnacs; Tonlo, Mr. MILranda; Sulpelzio, MEr. Dele,vanti. ROYAL SURREY THEBTRE. Lessees. Messrs. Shepherd and Creswick. THIS EVENING? MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT. Sairey Gamp, Mr. Reeley; Young Bai!ey, Mrs Keeley; Mercy. hMiss Emily Sanders; Mrs. Todgers, AlM. b_oreton Brookes. A THUMPING LEGACY: Jerry Ominous. Mr. Keeley. And TWICE KILLED; supported bY Mr. and Mfrs. Keeley. ASTLET'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. Lessee and Manager, Mr. W. Coote. TIIS EVENING, the romantic gpectacle, THE HORSE OF THE CAVERN; or, The Mounted Brigands of the A'cnruzx Astounding instinct of the horse, trained by Mr. W. Cooke. The Scenes in the Circle and Triomphe Equestre. TO CORRESPONTDETS. Our, readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 53d. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Unnder the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) 7nns Times is transnmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an imp7ressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer ; not necessarily for publication, but as a gaarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected conmunications. Ar The publicationx of Tins Tms commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morning, and finished at 10.
LO7DOON, TUESDAY, MrAY 27, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, Lord LYND3URST gave notice he should on a future day ask the Earl of CLAnEN:DO? whether the Hiospodars of the Danubian Principalities were to retain their office during the inquiries of the commissioners of the several Powers. In answer-to a question from the Marquis of CLABICA)RDE, the Duke of ARGYLL stated that in 103 of the largest country post-offices there had been a revision of the scale of payment, and the salaries of the clerks had been increased. *There were 99 other offices now under revision. The Earl of ALBmEAnLE briefly moved for a series of returns, 10 in number, of the expenditure of the Indian Government under different heads, civil and! military. I EarlGR1AWmLE obje-tedtothe,motion; the re-! turns would entail great expense and immense I labour, without effecting the purpose the Earl of ALBEMni.E had in view. The Earl of ELirENOBROuGu1I believed that the India House would not be ableto furnish fonr-fiftha of the returns. After a suggestion fiom EarlGRAnviLE, tial the Earl of ALrmIARLE should withdraw all the returns and apply to the Board of Control for the information wliich might be given as to some pi thiiem, The Earl of AIDESLAnILE assented, to this course, and the motion wax withdrawn, The LORD CITCELLOR laid, on the table a bill, fownded on the report of the. recently-appointed 7o'-onuttee,1 effectink certan improvements in the appellate jurisdiction of the House. Their Lordships-then tadjurnwd - In the Hou se of Commons, on the order for going into committee upon the Joint-Stock Companies M1r. SPOOnER inquired cthe nature of the alterations made inthe bill andthereasons forthem. He objected to its principle, which was contrary, he said, to the commercial policy of this country, and moved to defer the committee for six months. Mlr. Lowr said, he had made no alteration affecting the principle of the bill, which had been affirmed by tho :House; and it would be wasting time to discuss its details, which must be reconsidered in conumittee. The amendment was negatived, and the House went into committee -upon the b-il, the clauses o' whichl, upwards of 100 in num-Lber, were under discussion for several hours. MIr. Lowns moved the second reading of the Partnership Amendment (No. 2) Bill. MIr. AiRtuLrSAD HAsTIE said, it 'was incumbent upon Mr. LowE, in order to make out the necessity for this measure, to show that there was a want of capital in the country; bat lie had not done so, and coild not do so, inasmuch as capital was redundant beyond thle wants of commerce. After urging speciic objections to the bll, which, instead of destroying, would, he said; create a monopoly of capital, he moved to defer the second reading for six months. This amendment was seconded by MIr. GREGSox, who appealed to many testimonies, by eminent commercial men, against limited liability, which, he contended, would encourage carelessness'and ruinous speculation. Mfr. CARDwSLL said he hoped the bill would pass the second reading without a division, although the bill would require to be altered in the committee. The measure which had just passed that stage gave great powers of limited liability to bodies of not less than seven persons, and this was a strong reason why analogous provisions should be made for smaller associations. Ee pointed out the particulars in which he thought the bill required changes; but these weore for consideration .in committee. Mr. T. B3A-RNG was opposed to the second reading of the bill, which wanted the necessary safeguards against fraud, and which could not, in his opinion. be so modified in committee as to cure its imperfections. The Joint Stock Companies Bil would give sufficient scope to the principle of limited liability. This biU carried out a peculiar theory not recognized by the law of any other country. Mr. BAxTx spoke in favour of the principle of limiting liability. Unlimited liability, he observed, compelled a retiring partner to withdraw his capital, whereas limited liability would induce him to leave it, at least for a time. The bill, however, in his opinion, went too far, and was too theoretical; but he agreed with Mr. CAPDw= that it could be amended in committee. Mr. hsrwzunrA strongly opposed the bill. 3r. KImn moved that the debate be adjourned. Upon a division, this motion was negatived by 110 to 75. mr. LowE shortly defended the bill, which did not, he said, alter the law of partnership properly so called; its object was to get rid of a liability which a perverse ingenuity had unjustly attached to a contract which was not a real partnership; to restrict partnership within its proper limits; and to relieve parties who were not joint-stock contractors, but lenders of money, a variety of loan. After some remarks by Mr. HiND=L, Mr. KmK, and Mr. HoBsrA , the second reading was carried, after a division, by 97 to 06. The bil was accordingly read a second time. On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the ExOeEQuxit, Sir WnLAn TEN-wrcx WTiLmA3is Annuity Bill was read a second time. The Annuities (No. 2) Bill passed through committee. The other orders having been disposed of, the House adjourned at 2 o'clock.
The state of Central America, disordered and miserable as it has been for some time, appears now to be becoming doubly critical; at least, if there is any foundation for the report that the United States' Government is about to recognize General WAXRm. Such an act would justly rouse the jealousy of our owrn Government, for the professed object of WAaxEm's career, and that which gains hin the sympathy of those in the United States who sympathize with him, is, in one word, annexation. He is put forward by his friends as the " regenerator" of Central America -of course, in the sense of introducing a permauent 'United States' influence there. Under these circumstances we must again press the subject of arbitration. WVhat makes the American Government so averse to arbitration? Any common-sense person would say immediately that this was the proper way of settling the Central American dispute. Here are two countries differingw as to the interpretation of a treaty. After arguing through a considerable number of statements, letters, and memorandums they cannot come to a conclusion. Argument, then, has failed to produce agreement; but we express ourselves ready to submit to arbitration. The American Government, at least as represented by MTr. BuoH"Ax, does not appear equally ready. Seven months ago Lord Cr yn,o; writes to M1r. CRATwo :- I reminded him (Mr. Buchanan)that, as the difference between this country and the United States turned solely upon the interpretstion of the treaty of 1850, I had offered, on the part of Her Majestys Government, to submit the case to the arbitration of a third Power." Seven months ago, then, we fand Lord Cr&.NDo.N appealing, in conversation with Mir. BUcHN&rA, to the fact that he had made repeated offers to him of submitting the Central American question to arbitration. " In fact," says Lord CLaRuxDo_N, we had hordlty ever discussed t7te ' Central American qquestion, toget7ter without 7sny saying that arbitration vw.oitd be thze fairest way Xof settzi?ly the matter." Lord C xRE:DON stated t'he same thing at the same time publicly in the House of Lords. On reference to dates we discover that these offers have been going on at least ever since November, 1854,-i. e., more than 18 months. Now, how are these repeated offers of arbitration received by Mr. BucaAN&? Loet us turn to his own letters to the Goverment at Washington :- Legation of the United States, London, Nov. 21, 1854 "In the course of the conversation he (Lord Clarendon) intimated that it might be desirable to have the opinion of a third Power on the trme construction of the treaty. To this I playfully observed that it would now be difficult to fnd an impartial umpire, as they had gone to war with our arbitrator, the Emperor of Russia." Again : "Legation of the United States, London, Nov. 2, 1855. cIun the course of the conversation I observed to him (Lord Clarendon) that the most serious difficulty to the Governments might arise out of the Central American question. He said that when two Governments disagreed about the construetion of a treaty the best and most natural mode was to refer the question to a third PowLre." Here is a second offer of arbitration, then, aclnowledged by M1r. BuwcTrN_. And to this Mrr. BUcHANAN seems to have made no reply, for he only refers in the communioation to his Government to lis formaer reply to the former offer from Lord ULA iEnDOX:- " at an early period of the negotiation he had made this su,gjosilon, but Ihad jocularlyrepliedthatthe:Emperor of lussia was the only Power sufficiently independent to act us an imparWl umpire in the case, and they had gone to war with him." Again:_ " Legation of the United States, London, I hadNninte h ov. 9, 1855. "I had zn interviev with Lord Clarendon yesterday by appointment. "He then said-about these Central American questions -The best mode of settlingthom is by arbitration. I replicd Wthre was nothirn to arbitrate. He said the true construction of the treaty was a proper subject fox pbitra;Qn I told him I dia not consider it a queso for otion St, all; the language was plain:&Md expicitand_I-_lioUt this would be the almost msianimous opinion of the Ame. rican people." This is the way, then,-in which Mr. BuxCs;MA meets our successive offerg of arbitration. Ee first jokes them off; he "lplayEully observes>" he "jocularly replies li" he then says " that there is "nothing to arbitrate," and that " he does not "cGnsider it a question for arbitration at alL" Lastly, -when Lord Cr.A&unxDoN states publicly in the House of Lords that he has made the offer of arbitration, MIr. BucANA calls on him aid expresses the greatest surprise at the statement :- "He had not understood that any such offer hid "been officially and formally made, although, he "admitted, it had frequently been mentioned*" So, after parrying the offer for a whole year, :31r. BucA-NAN concludes with affecting not to know that the offer has been ever made,-a communi. cation which Lord CLAE2NDo receives " with the " utmost surprise, being really at a loss to under" stand it, as the offer had been made by him in "the most formal manner, by direction of the "Cabinet." So complete, however, was the ignorance, real or assumed, of the Government at Washington on this subject, that only two months ago, on the Senate making the inquiry, the Pan. sIDnmTr of the United States was just going formaLgy to deny that any such offer had been made, when a further communication from Lord CEr_vn-6 made it impossible auy longei to deny the fact. What is the natural construction to put Uposn such a course ofdiplomacy as this? M\r. BIucLnAs- may say that Lord CAxNDo-N did mot make himself understood-that he was not serious, or formal, or official enough in his manner of making the offer. He may say this, and, as nobody was present at these interviews, there is nobody to disprove it. But it is very odd if a statesman like Lord CI&RENDOW could not make himself intelligible in making a simple matter-of-fact offer, which he wished ex asiimo to be accepted, as he certainly did in this case, for he sticks to Iis offer now; and MIr. BucaANf wsill find it difficult to persuade people that he had absolutely no idea aL this time that no offer of arbitration was being made. But arbitration is too summary and straigEtforward a mode of settling a dispute to please all diplomatists. There was a danger, we presume, that the two Governmentswouldbe too soon friend8 again, and that a convenient little international quarrel, upon which American politicians have been depending for strengthening their party position at home, would be too immediately over. Is it or is it not the case that an American Minister comes to his short diplomatic sojourn among us with more or less of an intention to make as mach of it as he can, and extract as much party strength out of it for himself as possible on his return to the scene of domestic politics ? Has he or has he not throughout his stay here an eye to his own iraproved position at home when he has left us? If he has, what so convenient as a little international quarrel, which can exhibit him to the American public as the champion of American rights and the opponent of British aggression ? Upon such a platform he can raise a considerable pretension to influence, importance, and office-even the highest office-at home; and it is his own fault if he does not. It is not his function, then, to stifle and nip in the bud an occasion of international bick-ering. No; he should gently foster the rising dispute, genially elicit its strength, carefully superintend its growth, and fan the little flame till it has become a respectable blaze. It may be questioned how far this is exactly in accordance with the professed duties and formal design of a Minister sent from one State to another, and whether an Ambassador is properly sent abroad to promote animosities between the country which sends and the country which receives him, any more than he is sent, according to Sir B:mnRy WoTioro's dictum, ad mentiensduml reipuZbli camsc. But the exigencies of domestic politics are urgent, and an American Mlinister's stay here is short.
We have hadfor several days before -as the result of an attempt by the House of Lords to reform itself -an attempt which forms no exception to the rule that internal reformations are seldom satisfactory. Self-love and vanity are too active agents in the human breast to enable manldnd careftllly to estimate or even to correct their own faults, and the highest tribunal in the country has shown itself in this respect just as bad a judge as the rest of us. It is amusing to see with what smoothness and tenderness their Lordships gloss over and soften their own delinquencies. The evidence taken before them must have indeed grossly misinterpreted public opinion, if it be faithfully represented by the Report which we are considering. We can hardly believe that the following fire poits,though every one true and just, represent all the objections that were taken by the witnesses to the present state of the Appellate Jurisdiction,-Xirst, that there is an uncertainty as to the number of legal peers who may attend, and that the attendance of lay peers detracts from tlhe solemnity of the tribunal; second, that delay is occasioned by the inability of the House to sit in the vacation; third, that the administration of Scoteli law has been at times unsatisfactory, from the judges being English lawyers; fourth, that the expenses are unnecessarily large; fifth, that the mode of delivering judgment aud the absence of official dress deprive the House of the solemnity which attends ordinary tribunals. These things are true; but how small a part are they of the w hole truth ! The uncertainty of the attendance of law lords may be bad, but the certainty of their non-attendanceis infinitely worse. The first appellatetribunal of the country has been left for a wvhole session in the hands of one law lord never celebrated as a profound lawyer, but nevertheless permitted to wield absolute power over the decisions of courts of law and equity and the Court of Session in Scotland. The lay lords may add little weight to the tribunal, but their presence is harmless, while the practice of judges who deliver their opinion, either orally or by letter, without hearing the argument, or who make their views of the law subservient to their political bi_as, is noxious and discreditable. We believe the administration of Scotch law in the House of Lords to have been at tines unsatisfactory, but we also believe it never could be othervise to those wlho wish for a proper administration of justice, simply because the judges were ignorant of the law they administered, and, having no lnowledge, had also no autho. lity and respect. Indeed, such a state of things could never have been submitted to but for a distrust, now happily passed away, in the im. partiality of the Scotch law courts. Instead of merely complaining of the mode of delivering judgment, it would be nearer the truth to say that the forms and proceedings of the Rouse of Lords, being calculated for a deliberative assembly, are utterly unsuited for the administration of justice; that the atmosphere of the place is redolent of party spirit and party associations; and that men wlhose business it is to differ on*every imaginable subject except one will not be liklely to carry to the consideration of that one the respect I for each othee's opinion and the habit of harmonious action which are necessary for the efficient wor6ing of a coiu't of justice. Let us now see what are the remedies which the committee provides fer the grievances thus feebly and inadequately state.d, And, first, pf non-
On Friday last there was an unusual movement in the Lords. As if seized 'with a "noble rage," they began to prophecy, one after another, against this dingy, and slovenly, and uninteresting metropolis. Lord RAv;NswoitTH took up his parable against the condition of St. James's Palace, and 'with the abruptness of prophetic transition went on to the ill-chosen sites of our public statues, leaving off on the pictures Ilr. TuRnE has bequeathed to the nation. Lord LANSDOWZ2E, as if catching the contagion, promised them a receptacle worthy of ihe artist and of the country. Lord REDEsDnE protested for the threatened privacy of St. James's Park. Lord CLA.NICAADE pronounced for a road westward from Pall Mall, and then went off to the inconveniences suffered by the frequenters of HEE MAJrEsry's Drawing-rooms on leaving the Palace. Lord ST. LEO-NAnD'S gave vent to the annoyance he hadlong suffered at certain intolerable eyesores in the shape of red chimneys at Somersethouse, and vwith this introduction passed on to the unfinished Houses of Parliament and the disgraceftl. state of Palace-yard. Lord MAl3rEs- 'rRy threw in a, word for the public offices, which he said were neither commodious, nor spacious, nor handsome, nor even safe. Lord LANSDOWVNE again offered sympathy and comfort, in the forthcoming concentration of all the public offices. .&s it was a " day of small things," Lord STANROPE ventured to remark on the poverty of inven-tion shown in inscribing under the statues of great mnen only the dates of their birth and death. This was the last spark of the long smouldering discussion, and very likely this is the last we shall hear upon topics that appeal to the senses of every visitor to this metropolis, and still more of every dweller in it. WVhen a Lord has had his say he commonly rests a while. Like a lion, he is content w ith one spring. For a twelvemonth these bold debaters 'will tell over their dinner tables how they called the attention of Government to that window, or this chimney; that horse, or this stable; and hovw they have no doubt something is in contemplation. Should we discourage a zeal 'whicih, as often happens, has first shown itself on tnings of lesser moment ? Should we throw water on the sparkv which is all our chance of warming ourselves On the contrary, wve feel immensely indebted to their Lordships, and think they never did a better service to the State than when, rather odcdy, they resolved themselves into a commlittce of taste on the general aspect of this mnwieldy, unkempt, ill-grown city. It seems a very proper function for hereditary legislators. Could we hope anything fiote anybody,-were we not almost persuariledl that there is a fate against improvement in this metropolis,-we should expect a better erit to date from the evening when the House of Lords rose in a body to denounce the barl' arisms in which wye are content to dwell. Their Lordships took so discursive and comprehensive a range that, now wve think of it, there&is hardly a point they have left out. In turn they noticed palaces, public offices-viz., those of government, of revenue, and of law,-parks, gardens, waters, roads, statues, and picture-galleries. They came nort-hhward to the top of Portland-place, east'ward as far as Somerset-houlse; and from an allusion of Lord STrAINHuOPr we think he must have penetrated into Cheapside. Cannot an interest so diffusive and a curiosity so vagrant be utilized and domesticated, so to speak, for the good of this metropolis? There are Peers of undoubted architectural genius ; tllere ought to be, for many of them, dwell-in palaces. Lord ABrSDEN published a wvork on Greek architecture half a century ago. Lord La-SnO'w , too, is a man of unquestioned taste in this and the sister arts- But, apart from peculiarities-of- tata, -such as there-miist always be, the British nobility can hardly fail to surpass any other in the worldc in building houses and laying out grounds. It is the chief amusement of their riper years, and none have such means at their command. We should be sorry indeed to hand over the metropolis to a committee of Peers. This, however,we will say,-there is no metropolis in the world so much in want of the .Edile as London. lVherever one goes, even to the second-rate capitals abroad, one can detect an interest, a feeling, and a love for the city not to be found here. The poets of old Rome, instead of satirizing it, as most of our own poets, even CovwrnR, do London, doted on their city, fondly dwelling on its glorious edifices, its seven hills, its river, its surrounding scenery, its spectacles, its games and reEgious rites, and calling attention to its dilapidated shrines and its begrimed statues. We can repro-. duce Rome out of Horace and Ovid. Nor do these feelings belong only to primitive or to classic days. The Parisians love their city, and, as all loved objects do, it reflects their love. The English despise their city, and it returns their scowl. Surely an Mdileship might be created sufficiently representing the taste, the skdll, the wealth, and the power of this country, to do justice to the home of two millions of people, the greatest city in the world, and more entitled than any other to be called the metropolis of the eartlh ? London shows as great a deficiency in the plainest points as in the grandest. It is ill planned, ill engineered; its thoroughfares ill contrived, its openings ill distributed, its private houses and its public buildings at once overbuilt and incommodious. With a river such as no other capital in the world possesses it has hardly one quay and hardly one good approach to the banks. In the suburbs, expanding in all directions so rapidlyas to outstrip all account, no means are taken to reserve open spaces similar to those wvhich the greater forethought and generosity of our ancestors bequeithed to us. SWe let everything go its own way, and its own way everything will go much more than our rulers are generally aware. IWre have said that the deficiency is in plain common things as much as in points of taste, and that London shows everywhere a want of simple engineering. We believe there is not a public building in London adapted for a large assemblage in which the ventilation is properly attended to, or the means of access, ingress, and egress anything but the very worst. It has often been said that the Colosseum at Rome could disgorge its 80,000 spectators in five minutes. Compare this with the narrow passages, the winding staircases, the ups and downs, the crush-rooms, the stagnating crowds going neither this way nor that, the confluent streams, the chill drauglhts, and the final exit into the open air, in rain, without the shelter of a portico, or any means of getting a conveyance within half 'a mile, the frequent fate of London sight-seeers. None of our theatres are so well ventilated as those of Paris. At a crowded night at Exeter-hall the atmosphere is furnace-heat and poisonous; and, even though there appear to be some arrangements for the escape of the heated air, there are no corresponding means of fresh supply. Our courts of justice are as bad. The Central Criminal Court, the scene of the great cause -which has monopolized!gublic attention for the last ten days, is small, mean, dirty, and in all respects inadequate. There is no room for anybocly; the air is hot, close, and pestiferous; and -the public can only obtain access by means too sordid andc filthy to be described. Quousgzte tandem ? How long shall we endure all this in the face of those material reforms going on elsewhere ? Shall we hug our mismanagement, as we stuck to the Old Style for a century and a-half after the rest of the world, merely from national prejucice? If so, we shall have to make up our arrears some day with a vengeance. Surely, it is better to do constantly, uniformly, and systematically what we must do some time or other.
THE PEACE BEJOICINGS. The following notice has been issued by authority : " The fireworks in Green, Hyde, and Victoria Parks and on Primrose-hill, on the 29th inst., will commence at 9.30 p.m., and terminate about 1]. p.m. "The displays inGreen, Hyde, andVictoriaTarks will be precisely similar in aUl respects, and that on Primrose-hill will consist of aerial fireworks, with the exception of three fixed pieces. " These aerial fireworks, however, will be more numerous and of a larger description than those in the Parks. " The parachute-shell will be exhibited on Primrose-hill, but not in the Parks. " The public are requested not to approach within IO feet of the enclosures. ",H. R. DREWRY, Principal Clerk. 'War Department, Pall-maL, May 26."
COUBT CIRCULAR. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, left Osborne for London at 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon, accompanied by the Prince of Wales, Prince Alfred, the Princess Royal, Prince Arthur, Prince Leopold, the Princesses Alice, Helena, and Louisa, and his Itoyal Highness Prince Frederic William of Prussia. The Roval party crossed in the Fairv to Gosport, where the Queeii inspected the 4th Light Drigoons and the 13th LightDragoons, recently returned fromnthe Crimea,under the command of Colonel Doherty, in the Clarence Victuallingyard. After the inspection, the Queen, the Prince, the Royal family, and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, quitted Gospozt by a special train, attended by theDuchess ofAtholl, the Hlon. I:mily Cathcart, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Mlajor-General Bonverie, Captain Du Plat, Lieutenant. General Baron Schreclcenstoin, Captain Hfeinz, Baron Mloltke, Lieutenant Baron de Schreckenstein, and Dr. Wegner. On arriving at the Vanihall private station of the Sout'hWestern Railway the Royal party entered eight of the Queen's carriages, and proceeded, escorted by a detachment of the 3d Light Dragoons, to Buckingham Palace, where they arrived at 10 minites past G o'clock. Her Majesty and Prince Albert were seceived by the Duke of Wellington, Earl Spencer, the Marquis of Breadalbane, the Mlarquis of Abercorn, Earl Somers, Viscour,t Torrington, Sir Frederick Stovin, and Colonel Francis Saymour (Scots Fusileer Guards). ler Royal Highness the Duchess of Rent left Osborne at 10 o'clock yesterday morning, attended by the Honi. Mary Seymour-aud Lord James Murray, and returned to her rcsidence, Clarence-house, St. James's. The Queen and Prince Albert, accomnpanied by Prinlce Frederick Williaml of Prussia, hononred the Olympic Theatre with their presence last evenint. The Boyal suite consisted of the Duchess of Atoll, the Ion. Emily Cathcart, Earl Somers, Baron Moltke, Major-General Bonverie, and Captain Du Plat. Lieutenant-Colonel Deveroll, from St. Lucia, had an interview with Mr. Secretary Labouchere yesterday. Mr. Lawvrence Oliphant had also an interview with the right hon. gentleman at the Colonial-office. A deputation from the guardians of the parish of St. Martin's-in-the-fields, consisting of Mr. Cobbett, the Chairman, and Mr. Barton, had an interview with the .Right ion. E. r. Bouverie yesterday at the office of the PoorLaw Board, Whitehal. Despatches were senit to the Governors of Gibraltar and Malta, and to tlhe Lo, d High Commissioner of the Ionian Is!ands. __ Tmi PRINCE 01 1htDENI.-We lear by telegraph thlat his oyal HLighness the Prince Regent of Baden was expected to arrive at Dover last night bythe Garland, and tlmat rooms were prepared for him at tthe Ship HoteL
I- - ---AUSTRALIA.-- . ~ ~ ~ ~ - - - -d k. (By ELZCTRIC TELzosGAiL) PLYMOUTH, Moi0DAv. The new ship Hogue, Captain Neatby, belonging to MIessrs. Dunbar and Sons, which left Sydney March 4, was off this port to-day, and has landed a mail. She brings golddust valued at 100,0001., 2,800 bales of wool, 40 adult passengers, and 20 children. Sir Charles Nicolson, Speaker of the Council, has come home on two years' leave of absence. The excitement regarding the elections was increasing as the day of polling (the 12th) approached. Trade was improving. Exchange continued at 3 per cent. premium; gold, 31. 18s. per oz.; flour, 251.; beef, 5d. per lb.; wool, is. to is. 6d. ; freight, id. per lb. The Catherine Adamson, James Booth, and Oliver Cromwell were loading; the Washington Irving, from London, leaky, airived on the 3d of March. The diggings in the new French settlement at New Caledonia axe not prosperous, the natives being very troublesome. Her Majesty's brig Pandora was to leave New Zealand early in March, calling at the Falkland Islands for water on the passage home. The Hogue left Plymouth October the 8th, and reached Sydney in 88 days; the passage home was made in 83 days. She rounded Cape Eorn April the 3d, crossed the line on the 28th, and has had fine weather all the way. On Friday last she ran 278 miles in 24 hours. She spoke May the 6th the bark Helen, out 90 davs, fromIquique, for Iondon; May the 10th, the Hamburg brigantine Juliana, for St. Thomas's. (Frox our owr comtrzroNDmqT.) M1ELBOIRNE, Ance 4. t observe from several passages in the City Article of Dic Times that great sensitiveness exists in the money-market touching the supply of gold from Victoria. On one occasion a depression in the price of securities and an advance in the rate of discount were deemed to be sufficiently accounted for bythe fact that several ships containing about one million's worth of gold had been kept out by contrary winds. On another occasion a converse state of the money-market was said to arise from several large arrivals of gold. If this sensitiveness is merely temporary, end if it arises solely from the state of supply and demand at the moment, the fluctuation is of little importance; but if the existing state of the London money-market has any effect on the state of opinion as to the steadiness of the supply from this colony, it will be very easy to show that the fact does not justify the inference. The Chancellor of the Exchequer may as certainly rely on the value of 12,000,0001. in raw gold being made to flow into the Bank of England in this year of grace 1856 as he may on any national resource with 'which he has to deal. For a long time the quantity brought down by the escorts from the three great centres of mining industry has been gradually increasing, as the accounts sent home have shown; and I feel no doubt that henceforward the average will be 60,000 ounces per week. last week the quautity was in excess of the quantity of any previous week since the discovery. The detailed list is as folows :- The escorts have brought from Mount Alexander and Bendigo 25,843 oz. oz. Ballarat, including Geelong 24,132 The Ovens ... ... 12,690 Fiery Creek ... ... ... 5,581 Miaryborough ... ... 2,552 Daisy-hll. ... ... .. 1,526 M'Ivor ... ... .. ... 1,049 Avoca ... ... ... ... 742 Mount Black-wood ... ... 663 Amount this week ... 74,778, and year 462,152 This, however, requires some correction. The Ovens escort arrives only once a. fortnight. Last year the average supply from that source was 6,000 or 7,000 ounmces; now it exceeds 12,000. Last week it was 12,690; but of this only 6,345 belongs to one week. A correction for this reduces the week's supply from all the fields to 08,433 ounces of nearlv pure gold, convertible into rather more than 273,7d2 sovereigns. I can thereforo justly convey this com. fortable assurance to the Chancellor of the Exchequer's mind, that he may most securely and confidently rely on the raw material of 1,000,000 sovereigns every week in exchange for manufactures and other articles of commerce, for which our demand, owing to the unglutting process which has been for some time going on in our markets, is steadily increasing. We have now three distinct classes of diggers, or rather miners-1. The surface washers, who produce a good deal of gold, and who earn steady wages; this includes shallowv sink. ing. 2. The deep sinkers, who go for "nuggets," "jewellers' shops," and so forth, and who like a gambling pursuit, ofren running the risk of bottoming a deep hole and finding nothing, onthe chance of grasping fortune by a coup dsmain. 3. The quartz-claim speculators, who work by machinery and employ men at wages. I think it is mainly owing to the last class that we have the steady increase of gold. Their machinery is still imperfect, but it is rapidly improving, and as to the quartz reefs waiting to be crushed, as it were, they are inexhaustible. Our difficulty, indeed, now is, not to find where gold is, but to find a place where it certainly is not; otherwise one's lawns and one's flower-beds are liable to be cut up by some rush upon private lands, by hirsute diggers asserting an assumed right. The gold shipped up to the 29th of February-Le., for the first two'months of this year, amounts to 530,899 oz.; value, 2,123,5961. Hitherto we have been dealing with the official accounts, but there is good reason to believe that a considerable quantity of gold finds its way out of the colony without finding its way into the collectos' books. A large seizure of 2,000 ounces has inst been made, and the way it chanced was this :-It appeared from returns collected by Mr. Euhle that some 6,000 or 7,000 ounces had been exported from Hobart Town, whereas our exports to Hobart Town appeared all the while almost nominal. This put the Castom-house people on the qui vive, and they found the gold concealed- in a package of other goods shipped by a Jew house of hlelbourne and Hobart Town. The Commissioner of Trade and Customs affects to ignore the existence of smuggling, but I believe a considerable quantity goes over the border to Sydney, where it is coined nto Australian sovereigns. I send the papers laid before our Council on the reestablishment of the overland maiL The Council has increased its vote oi 50,000!. to 75,0001., so as to induce lNew South Wales to join Victoria in taking the whole risk of the colonial contingent in the first instance (to save time), endeavouring to recover a fair proportion from Tasmania, South Australia, and New Zealand hereafter. I have also sent a copy of the statistics of the colony, printed by order of the CounciL One of the most striking features in the population return of this colonyis the very small excess of births over deaths, owing to the great disproportion of the sexes. If it were not for immigration our increase would be under 1,300, or less than . per cent. per annum (accurately -0467 per cent). Tho Council, in voting 100,0001. for immigration, required that half should be spent in bringing out single women. Iast week 79T persons arrived, and 186 departed, leaving a balance of 611. The balnce of the two months is 3,445, or not mach over 20,000 a-year. This is far below the requirements of the colony. The outcry about distress some eight or nine months ago, so much exaggerated at the time, has deterred labourers and mechanics from emigrating. Labour is now becoming scarce, and building has risen about 40 per cent.; so also have road contracts. The colony could absorb 50,000 people a-year, without any decline in the condition of the working classes. We continue well suppliedvith moistare-grass green, harvest good, trade improving.
THE ROYAL ORTHOPiEDIC HOSPITAL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I trust you will permit me to correct an error in your report of the dinner which took place yesterday, on behalf of the above charity. It is stated that " the result of the noble Earl Shaftesbury's appeal was the munificent subscription of 2,7001." From this it might naturaUy be inferred that the above sum was at the disposal of the committee for extending the usefulness of the institution. The fact is that this amount includes all the special subscriptions to the building fund during several months, not previously anndunced, but already expended in the purchase of the premises in Oxfordstreet. The additional subscriptions are scarcely sufficient to pay the balance due to the builder and other unavoidable expenses attending the removal of the hospitaL In tho announcement of subscriptionsthe dates were notmentioned, and the subsequent statement of facts escaped notice; hence arose the erroneous impression which, unless correctedl, would seriously damage the interests of the charity by removing the stimulus to liberality. While tne committee are congratulated on the possession of a large balance amply suficient for all the requirements of the hospital, the amount supposed to be in hand is, in fact, invested in the building *;morethan50 patients, afflicted with clubfeet or other deformities, are waiting for admission, and the increased accommodation, which has heen provided at much cost and labour, is not available for want of funds to defray the current expenses. * The committee have worn out their friends mfid rela2jous with appeals on behalf of this valuable charity dus5ng the late emergency of its removal to more extensiv5 premises, and I therefore request your indulgence in n3,king Imown the facts of the case for the information ea the public at large. I am, Sir, your obedient, servanit. .i A V.I)l Th'T.T. Chairman 0., tho Buiding Comaittee. 15, Langham-place, May 24- .
COnuTTAL FOR MmupDER.-An Irishman named Peter O'Donnell has just been committed by the magistrates at Newport for trial at the nest Monmouthshire assizes on the charge of murdering John Quin, another Irishman, at Stow fair, Newport. It appeared from the evidence taen before the magistrates that a party of drunken revellers, among whom were the prisoner and the deceased, quarrelled, and the prisoner and the deceased went out to fight in a field called the Stow-fair-field. In the fourth round the fist blow was struck by O'Dornell, but it was noticed that the hand was brought down tupon the deceased's breast, and Quin immediately fell to the ground. He was liftedup, and blood was found to be gushing from a deep woand between the neck and the collar bone. The man never spoke afterwards, but died in a quarter of an hour. O'Donnell imunediately ran away, and was followed by several men, but he threatened " to serve them all the same" if they did not keep off, and it wis not until a labourer named Luft came up that he was secured. The affair happened between 11 and 12 o'clock at i"oht, but a woman named Clarke positively swore that she saw O'Donnell lift his knife and strike Quin three times with it, saying "I have done for the -," and that he then threw the knife over his head. A knife was afterwards found on the field. The surgeon, Dr. Buist, who examined the body, proved that the wound which caused death was just above the collar-bone, and tbree inches deep. It had entered the top of the lung about two inches; the heart w as em ptied of blood, which had flowed into the right side of thecheat. The prisonerwas committed for murder by themagistrate, the coroner's jury having returned a verdict of manslaughter only.
-THE - BRITISI_Ary._ I - ITe follrwing appeared in out secona edition i.f yes. terda Mo. -01, (FR0OM OUR- sPZCIA1-CORPX"ODFR.) CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOI . Msy 13. Since Saturday the camp has been unusually quiet. There has been the usual- number of parades, fielddays, and inspections_of regiments, brigades, and divisions, and the shot-collecting still goes on vigo.rously. Several vessels .have reived their cargoes of Russian metal in Sebastopol, and the harbbur aind roads, deserted for so long a time, have aisume- a very animated and unusual aspect, on accoumt 6f the number of foreign flags flying on board the hired merchantmen of the French transport service. The Ptussians are said to have relaxed their quarantine regulations for the present; but I do -not know what weight is to be attached to the assertion. The weather is still changeable. Sunday was a fine, warm, cloudy day. Yesterday the therniometer stood at. 54 deg., and it rained at intervals. It is now a very hot day; the thermometer stanus at 80 deg., and there is every likelihood of its rising still higher. The Resolute has come-into Eamiesch Bay, but I cannot say why she has returned, or whether the 9th Regiment has been disembarked at Constantinople or is still on board, for I have only just now heard of her return. Tho Sardinianarmyis rapidly disappearing. BaLa;iava contains a large number of fine English steamers, destined to take them with all speed to Italy, and the embarcation of the British army is Suspended for the present. -The French soldiera who were arrested for1the murder of a sergeant of marines, for wounding an English naval.officer, and for firing on an unarmed party of our men, have been before a Council of War, or, in other words, have been tried by couitmartial, and have'been acquitted for want of proof against the actual murderers. Whether this decision is accepted by the English authorities or not I am unable to say, but I have reason to believe that the Commander-in-Chief is not satisfied to let the matter rest here, and that some fur-. ther measures will be taken to procure redress. Marshal Pelissier naturally feels averse to punish by death-and death- is by the French code the only punishment for such offences-no less than I1 soldiers; but, according to our law, those who were aiding and abetting in the murderous acts of their comrades were guilty of murder, and they were all taken, fta grante de4icto, with arms still smoldng from recent dischargus. The good understanding between two armies that have fought and lived together cani not be affected by such unfortunate accidents, but the self-respect of an army is not to be trifled with. The Commander-in-Chief has issued an order to the army respecting the- unauthorized burning of abandoned huts or old material left on the ground, which was rendered necessary by the conduct Ef soma of our men last week in destroying -the o'd French huts near the windmill. The whole of the cwops de resenve is shifting camps, gnd is moving to the plateau of the A-ionastery of St. George, in order to change the air and to be nearer to amiesch and its supplies. The French cavalry, to whose march through the camp I alluded last Tuesday, came from Eupatoria acrossthe country. TheRussians sent overa staffofficer from Simpheropol to conduct them, and the latter on his return expressed great surprise at the limited intercourse which appeared to exist between the French officers, and above all at the peremptorymode in which superior officers gave orders to and addressed their inferiors. The Russians, who- seem to live together very much like our own officers (whether they are really broken as much into cliques one cannot say), would naturally be somewhat sur- prisedat the frigidity of the relationship between the - colonels and the captains, and between the latter and the subalterns intheFrench service. But Ifancythey must have been still more moved bythe fine appearance of the Dragoons and Hussars, whom they saw marching from Eupatoria, and whose efficiency they had experienced - when D'Allonville overthrew General }orte's squadrons and captured his artillery. Our troop, of Royal Horse Artillery, which' has been so long at Eupatoria, also came' overland, and is in very high discipline, and-. order. Tt is suggested that at the recent trials the zeal of some artillery officers, Vho went out of their way to lay the guns, instead of allowing experienced officers and non-commissioned offeicers to do it, led to our discomfiture and: to the unfavourable result of the experiments. Our artillery officers still believe in their 9-pounders, but7 they do not believe that Sir R. Dacres is the best man to point and lay them, or that Colonel Taylor, with all his acknowledged zeal for the service and professional attainments, is the most practised gunner in the army. MIajor-General Garrett has received a fall from: his horse, which has shakten him considerably, and. from the effects of which he is confined to his bed. HIe w as sitting carelessly in his saddle looking at the* mnarch of some troops, when his horse made a suddenwsheel round, and threw him-heavily. Atlthough the gallant General is rather advanced in years, he possesses a robust and vigorous frame, notwvith.. standingthe severity of the woundshe received during the Peninsular wvar. iBrigadier Adams, C.B.-is he B3rigadier-General or only Colonel of the 28th Regiment ?.-will be attached, with the brigade he now' commanlds, to the Fourth Division, under the come mand of Mtajor-General Garrett. The officers of the I.and Transport Corps have been ordered to discard the gold band and the lace on the peaks of their caps for the present, and -to wear in lieu bands of cloth, of the same colour as the facings of their respective battalions, until a re~ gulation cap has been decided upon. . . . _ . . ancl
RORRIBI.gI MuRDMr.-On the 16th of October, 1855, a most horrible murder was committed at Florence, in the Palazzo Quaratesi, in the Borgo Ognissanti, on the person of a man named Corry, a native of Edinburgh, by a young man named Fojani, the son of a tailor, and a a native of Monte Pulciano, which is about 30 miles from the city of Sienna, in Tuscany. Thelfacts are as folows -. MTr. Corry, on the 9th of October, 1855, changed ten circular notes of 101. each at Mr. Brown's bank, for which hle ie ceived 46A Napoleons, a 1,000 liri note, two notes of 200 lr, an d six notes of 100 liri each, with some silver, the entire sum maldng up 1001. sterling, which he put into a waist-belt, and wore. on his person, and had the ifnprudeBce to tell every person he met with that he had "1001. on him1'. Two days previous to his throat being' cut he mentioned this circumstance to an Englishman whom he met, who re- plied, that he was very sorry for hiin, for to a certainty - e would have his throat cut. For some days previous to his death it was remnarked that a very young man wMas in the habit of callmig where he (Corry) used to dine, and afteF dinner they used to walk out together. The day of the murder both Corry and Fojaniwalked arm-in-arm to Corrys lodgings. Now, itmust-behere observed that Fojaiim as a man of the very worst character, and had conmmitted several horrible crimes previously, had been in prison, and was at that moment actually under the son'eglianza dela So zI&i; yet Mr. Corry thought proper to. make a cor na nion of this ran. The servant of the houlse saw both 'the abovementioned men enter Corry's apartment 'at 7 o'clock in the evening of the 16th. Corry took offhis cravat-' h then. unbuttoned his pantaloons, so as to take offthe fiatl leather belt containing the 1001.; then he sat down in a low armchair, and played at dominoes (which were found 'on the table the next morning). It appears that, having played some time, the young ruffian. stood up, and no iouit said something to induce Corzy to turn his head, upon which he must have seized him by the hair with the left hand while with the right he at the same instant drew a large knife across his throat, cutting it fron ear to air for so large and deep was the anerturo that when the Enfortunate man was found the iiext morning at 9 o'clock a mans fist could easily go into the gash. The helt wvas' found cut open and empty, with marks of bloody lingers on it; the basin full of bloody water, and his wstch-gonb. After committing the murder the scoundrel lockIedthe door, and left the lamp burning, put the keyinto his nocket ' and at 9 o'clock the same evening, which must haveen.a very short time after the crime, he was soenin the Cafe Doney, as if nothing had happened, and at ihe ver-y exact - hour the next morning, while the blacksraith wasjn the. act of forcing open the door (9 o'clock), he was -eatig his'breakfast in the same cafe. Corry at this time -iusthave been dead about 14hours. The murderer now disaearedV and washeardofno rorefora few days. It appears. owever that he told his landladythat he was going to]eghento. makesomepurchases, andthat hewould be hack iufourdays. In the meautime the miurder became verypubis all tover Florence, and; from the description of the miscreaitt the landlady was induced to make search in-his apartment,l She foundinthe bottom-ofthepree3 apair of his socks coyered with blood, and his pantaloons also coveredwith.bood. Upoa seeing this she immediately went to the police and riasde her report of all che knew. FOUr policemen were instiantly sent tohisroom to awaithis arrival; heetnedinfour. days, and was captured. Since his confinement (nowr seven mnonth) he, it is said, confesses to have committed no less than three similar murders. .IIe is to be tried on the 2d of June,
FOREIGN-JNTELIGEAME. _ i . . RANCE. {Fnow: O.,OWX- OORRSONDXNT.) [A portion of the foiowingAppeared in our second edition of yesterdzy :-. -PAIS,.StUinAY, H&Y 25, 6-P,Y. - The treaty of the'16t4April continues the topic of discussion among political;ersron here and' elsewhere, and odin is stilI-divided- on it. ,ome main.ain',,on very.j lausible, if not convincing gouncls; -that 'thisz mstrument is nothing. more' than.the.-necessary-'consequence of the treaty of. the. 2d -of December.: It is. certain that the FrenlchP3vernm.ent thus explainit ; and, in order to tranqu;iie Russia, it is-alleWlthatthe French and. EnglishPlenipotentiaries were those who proposed it -toAwtria.- It yet seems surprising that Austria, after: having hesitated so much during the war, should, when the peace released her from the difficulty in which- she 'was placed by her anxiet'y to maintain unbroken er relations with Russia and the allies, unhesitatingly form an alliance, offensive and 'defenisive, with the 'West against Russia, and this - when the questions of the Principalities, the terzi- torial rectification, andithe position of the Chritiani population in Turkey were not yet definitively - settled. It is not probable that Russia will cease to >work against a Power that is the most deeply interested. It is possible that Austria may have throwyn herself m despair, as it were, into the -arms of the -Western Powers; yet it is snore, than doubtful that she can maintain her old policy; at home and abroad. To do so she should be able to impose that policy on France and England; now` it is the contrary that will take place, and Austria' must square her conduct with that of France, but particularly of England. NWow, it is evident that England.is. disposed favourably towards Italy, and it is hard .to believe .that Austia can remain as the ally of the Western Powers and keep up, in pre. cisely the same state, her domination and preponderance in that country. Some few persons, who are- either credulous to. a fault, or who really have -well-founded. but secret reasons for their opinion,' pretend that Austria. will earnestly and sib-.cerely recommend large, and necessary measures .of reform to the Italian Governments which acknowledge her influence; and that no Italian :.Government will -resist similar recommendations .coming from England. I hope these anticipations 'may prove correct; but, with our recollection of the past,w;Me cannot be too credulous on that point. The embarrassmnents that Russia will create for A-ustri in the East may, no doubt, force her to modify. her own system in Italy; and it is -.not. unreasonable to suppose that it is at this price England and France would aid her on the Danube in case' of emergency. Something of the real intentions of RPussia towards Austria may be now.n dauring the presence of Prince Gortschakoff at Vienna, where he is expected on the 29th, to deliver his letters of' recalL At all events, it would appear that Count Buol ' indulges in some illusions, if indeed he himself believes what he says. He affects, or feels, much security as to the position of aff'airs in Italy, and he hopes to get out of the difficulty by giving some good iadvice at Rome and Naples, which may, or may not, be followed. '' But he forgets that . when assuming to himself the oflce of adviser he exposes himself to be told that .-ew. need advice more than his own Government. He may be reminded of Tuscany, 3Iodena, Parnia, and Lombardy, where; too, something has to be done. 'Austria canhardly be unaware of- the impossibility of modifying the malignant tyranny: of- -the Neapolitan Goverinment, or of putting an end to the corrupt administration of the Papal States, without the decline of her own influence in Italy, and without herdomination there appearing - more 'monstrous and more intoler-able.' Few circumstances, have occasioned-more harm to Austria than the notes of M. Cavour, and she can hardly feel otherwise than uneasy .at the -idea of' the publication of the meludrandun4, which has not yet seen the light, and in - which, it appears, the Sardinian Minister, fully ex plains the real, position of Italy.' Public opinioiis now the best aiuxiliary to aU who suffer from the 'policy of those who govern them. AUSTRTA. (xbmo oun bwo dconnrsror:N-Dm.y' :-2. VIEN-NA, MAY 22 Accordig to advices of the 8th and 14th from Odessa, the Russian quarantine is abolished for the '-term of- three moiitEs-in all the:ports of the Sea- of Aioff -anid-in all those of the Black Sea, -with the sole exception ofOdessf . There is still a quarantine o'f: -a: fortnig,ht t Odessa, and' a lazaretto has JUSt beenr estblished'at Perekop, in which travellers from the -Crimea 'to Southern Russia will 'have the. pleasure of kicking their heels during 14 :dayss. - Te 15,000 German colonists, now residing -im -Be.csarabi3, 'have petitioned Count Sirogonoff to . find fur tifem a 'newilocation in 'some part of the interiorof Russia. . -The fortifications of Ismail- have already been blown up. Sir William Goinmm has passed through Vienna on his way from. India to England. Baron Simonn Sina, the -son of. the late chief of the firin -of Sinm, has announced to his mercantile friends'that 'he intends to continue the business. . The .baron seems-. inclined to make good use of the .enormous- property which he has inherited, for ho has- already forwarded 40,000 florins (4,0001.) to the parish priests and overseers for the benefit of- the poor of the city. The Austrian cotton spinners complain bitterly of . the reduction recently made by the Finance Departnment in thev import duty on some qualities of yarn or twist; but-nq gieat:attenti.on: is ,paid 'to-their murmurs; as -it is well jcnown. that those manufacturers who began -business with suflicient-'capifal have never failed to realize very large profits.: The -reduction of the duty-is a measure which principally affects the men of small means, but it is the great and wealthy manufacturers who raise - the loudest outcry. During the -last two or three years a great deal has been gaid and written about the enormous price of the necessaries of life in -this empire, and it is an undeniable*.fact that many things which ,are indispensable to all classes- of 'soiety- are fr.ightfullld dear; but stiU the Ieople manage to find money for thei7r amusements and luxuries. Aforeigner who visits Vienna for the first time is.always -greatly struck by the crowded state, Qf the public gardens and taverns in the environs of theocity, and rarely fails to .express his. surprise 'at'the opulence of the middle- and; iower classes;' but' -alas !- -"All is -not- gold -that -glitters;" and a - great part of *the 'week's earnuigs is . frequently, spent by the workman.and his family during one of -their Sunday -4or h.lyday excursions. In the article- of tobiacco alone the labquring classes might- save enough to ,provide -bread for.- their children. The revenie froni---the - tobacco monopoly, which - in - 1854 was .22308,7g2:-ilorins,-was 25,lOS,4SOflorins in -1855-, !-. : - _ - - . ; ; - ! - As somany foreign louses are deeply interested in Austrian railroads some little information.relative to the Galliqian line - will hardly be u4pceptabWe. It is not yet definitively settled what part - of the' line-is to fall to the. share of the Gallician-: nobles,. but it- is likely that they lvil have it from AfysloWitz to Cracow-;Bochnia>-.qTarnow>Demmbica, Rzeszow,Lemberg, Czemowitz- and Suezawa. There is also to be -a-braich --line from Lemberg to Brady, on the Russian frontier. As the Berlin.Bbresla Railroad - goes 'to Myslowitz;- a direct communication will'be opened between the' eastern extremity of-.Gallicia .and Prussia; from- Craco* thieie -is a railroad to Warsaw and St. Petersl,B,'.ahd the -Russians intend to construct a rail-' roac frobm 'h1scow and Kieff to iBrody. It is also- tho,ught,%of crSrying lthe Gallician Railroad from CzernLowitz and Suczawa to Jassy and Galatz. The *-:western and central,part of Gallicia present no difli-' culties-of "terrain," and, as the 157 English hiiles of railroad betweeu Mtyslowitz and Rzeszow are almrost complet ed, ' the persons to ,whom the conces-, sion:for the Gallician Railroad is made will have ;Ustcause to considerthemselves highlyfavoured by ihe Austrian Government. The holders of Northern- Railway stock supposed that the Gallician line had been definitively ceded to their company, but some .bf the most influential persons in the empir were- resolved that ' the -Gallician aristocracy should nbt ie less liberally treated than their -'Runga- iain and Italian. brethren. The landed prprietorrs ' nd siiuriicipal ties through whose territory the is abad-will pass have not only offered to .gie the n'ecessary gron rd to the -company, but also ,to. - eo do tm car-worl gratis. The Hungarians :know-agas well a sGvernment -itself, that H ungary will be the rihest province in'the empire as soon as ,the'different railroads are completed. In the evening of the day before yesterday Baron Werner,the Under-Secretary of State in the Depart- ment for Foreign ffl Aairs, left for Styria, and, asis probsble, for Rome. -The reason given for Baron Wernefs journey to Italy is, that ehealth having suffered from 'hard WIork the mild' air of the South. has been reconinended by his pliysicians; but no ' ivalid can hope to derive benefit from the air of Rome during the spmmernionths, a-&cd if the Austiian statesman should now visit that city it may -afely be concluded that he is charged with some mission to the Paxl.-G6vernuent. Opinions are nic'h ditided as to the object of Baron Werners journey: some persons are inclined t6 believe that he;is gone to settle -certain matters connectd with the Conc6rdat; others, that-he has been instructed to learn, by personal observation, the exact state of -things in the dominions of the Church. At present I'canniot give any' positive information on the subject, but there is no reason why thebaron should not "kill twobirds with one stone." Remay discuss the meritsof theburiil and mixed mrriagequestionswith Cardinal Antonelli at one hour, and endeavour to impress on his mind the necessity for reforms during the next. That Austria andl Fance are at present unusually active at Rome cannot wel be doubted,' for we learn froni Genoa that hr. de Walewsi, the brother of the French Premier, haspassed through that city 6n-his way'to the Papal capitaL In the' Sardinian' seaport it is generally stated that Mf. de Walewski has a mission " which is connected with the reforms recommended by France to the Papal Government." We have not even the shadow of an idea of the nature of the reforms desired by the French Government, but the wishes of Austria are said to be confined to .-L A change in the systemx E of public - instruction. - 2. A radical reform in the administration of justice. 3. Troops to be raised in the country. 4. Construction of the projected railroads, and incitement to commercial enterprise on the part of the Government. There is no question here of the appointment of temporal instead of spiritual authorities in the Legations, as the Austrian Cabinet professes to be of opinion that it is a matter in which no foreign State has a right to interfere. It may be added that this Government is inciined to 'prolong the occupation of the -Legations until the. abovementioned reforms have been completely carried out. . , PRUSSIA. CmoM1 -ou: 0w- C.OxsiSrOsDx.) l | - BERLIN, MAY 24. Iy last Ietter mentioned that the Dowager Empress of Russia 'had crossed the Prussian frontier last Wednesday afternoon at' Gumbinnen, which =ton she left the neit morning . The Grand DuLea Michael availed himself of the few hours' stay there to vsit the. Royal stud and breeding establishments at Trakehrien, in company with the President of 'the Government of East Prussia, in whose l house the Empress had tak-en up her quarters. The Insterburg and Sta71upohnen Gates of the Iton (Gumbinnen) through which the Empress and the l$ing would, have to enter the town were, as well as the ansion where the Imperial party took I up its 4uarters for the night, decorated with ares of flowers, &c.; the same with the streets and the market:place where the 'statue of King Freidrich Wilhehn I. stansds. Thee King, who atrived in KEnigsberg also on Wednesday afternoon, left there next morning to meet the Empress at a little place called Tapliacken, between KEnigsberg and Gumbinnen, whence they proceeded together to KEnigsberg in the afternoon, the King in the first carriagedrawn by six horses,' accompanied only by his Adjutant, Colonel- von Schlegel, and followed by abolut 20 carriages conveying the Empress - mother and her suite. The Empress's carriage drawn by six grays, had all the windowsL closely drawn up.,for the purpose of 'ex2clding all external air, as -theEmpress has not 'been otherwise out of doors for many months past. The town of Eonigsberg also,.here the' cavalcade arrived about 6 o'clock p.m.* was decorated with triumphal arches, gailands, festoons, and flags, to the fullest extent that 'the means of the inhabitants could afford or their taste suggest; and, in spite of 'all warnings about' ill-helth 'and weak nerves, the loyal KuniLgs- bergers filled the streets and .the air with their l shouts of welcome. On ali hting in the interidr* court of the Royal schloss, the Imperial pairty was received by all the available generals and officers of the garison and the provinces. In additicn to the uitethat followed the Empress from St. Petersburg, including General Philosephof, andHer MIajesty's. physipian Hofrath Carll, there were Baion von Budberg and Count'Benckendorff, the diAomatic and milita4y 'representatives of Russia at this Courit; andalso Count Knigsmark, Colonel von Manteuffel and theEKin9sPrivate Secretary, Illaire, deputed to'th6e- keri4ce- of 'er Majesty. The' Grand Duke. Michael, who left St. Petersburg: two days after theEEmpress, had caught her up on. the road, and accompanied his mother, on her entrance into Prussia,- attended by LieutenantColonel von Schultz, deputed by the King to be -in waiting-on him durilg his stay in Prussia.- According to the latest arrangements known here, and whichlI have telegraphed to ybu, the King andhis'sister were topass last night af-Bromberg, and to. arrive here this evening, and- go -oi at once to Potsdam without stopping. - - - - Former letters of-mine have mentioiied the active part that the 'Prince of Prussia -has 'Iately taken in endeavouringto procure some mitigation of the' law recently :agreed to-by bothi Houses of thei Diet for regulating the communes in the Rhenish .provinces, of 3vhich:he is- the-military commander'; his urging Count Furstemberg-Stamusheim to leave his retirement on the banks of the Rhine; and put himaself at the head:of a deplutatida ofiRhenish deputies, who should lay before the King the feelings and the wants of 'the Rhenish provinces; his own exertions with' the King; ' and, subsequently, his attendance at the -Mfinisterial Councils-with a view to a reconsideration of some of the 'provisions previouis to the law obtaining the Royal sanction. The gist of this was also published in the Kolner Zeintug, and ag,ainst the writer of the communica, tion to that paper the Kreitz Zeitu.ng opened a battery of hypocritical reproof for his " improperly and groundlessly dragging the Prince of Prussia's name into his demonstration against the 'law."' This veracious j ou lal was nevertheless Compel1d&by very I high influence to inset on the next day the folI lowving :-- "It is perfectly iorrect that isMMajesty the Kin- comn manded that his Royal Highniess the Prince of Prcssia should be adiidtted ' to the Ministe'ial councils, which had been appointed for the definitive decision of the Rhenish conimunal lawz - It-fi6 equally well founded that the Prince in question, as in dAty bound, conscientiously expressed at these councils his_coneictions, which in many points are at' variance with the law now awaiting the Royal sanction, and and finilly- gave his suffrage for the law being laid before the Rhenish Provincial Diet." Then folldw a few empty phrases itL its own pecupliar style, full of the -umtion of transcendental loyalty. To prevent any mistaken idea of the. .Prince having on this occasion sought by unconsti:tutional. means to act upon MIinisters by the 'influence of his high position, it may be mentioned that he appeared at the Councils as the military governor of the province, one thoroughly acquainted -vith'the subject, and personally responsible every way for the tranquillity and allegiance of the pro!nnces committed to his command. In the satne -way the Pfesident of the Civil Government therae Herr von-Kleist-Retzow, was also sunmoned to attend and give the Ministers the benefit of his lm letg an expriece knowrledge aind experience.---- It hasoften been remarked what a. fondness the Germans have for grubbing in the ashes of the past, and indulging in profitless speculations as to prmoiples, and all. manner of abstractions istead of deyoting themselves to the study of the present with aview to the future. The following is a flagrant proof of this tendency, as well as of bad taste:-- One of these microscopical students of history has 'detected that Saturday is the usual day for tho decease of the MIonarch in England, and adducs the death of William Ml., on Saturday, M1arch 18,.| 1702;- of Queen Anne, Saturday, August 1, 1714; of-George I., Saturday, June 10, 1727; of George IL., Saturday, October 25, 1760; of George IlL, Saturday, January 30,1820; George IV., Saturday, Junie 26, 1830,; and William IV., Saturday, June 20,1837. The inference that is drawn from this repeated coincidence is, that it is a part of Court .etiquette in England for the Kings to depart this life on a Saturday. SPAIN. Our accounts fiom Mladrid are of the 21st inst. The Gazette annomnces that the funds necessary. for the payment of the dividend of the foreign debt due on the 1st of July have been forwarded to London and Paris, in virtue of a contract entered into with the Bank of San Fernando. The Gazette adds that other operations, concluded on equitable terms, also insured the -regular payment of the coupon of the home debt. On the 20th the Opposition offered battle to the Ministry. The Democratic Deput Iith several of his colleagues, moved a vot6.of censure against Geneial Zabala. Thelatterrepell6d with warmth and ability the attacks direted againt , and the Congrems gave hin-a proof of esteem . an Jymath by ejetill th proposition of M. Fi,geras by a majoity of 178 to 18. The DaLke;of Vietory defended General Zabala, and declared fimself highly satisied with the conduct -of the Gineral at .Vaiencia. M Jose Oloza, o his sideI mad an-important declaration. :1. Figueras had stated that General Espartero personified the hope of the revolution, and General O'Donnell that of the reaction. M. Olozaga protested againstThat distijThtion. General Espartero, he was certain, would never go beyond what was necessary to eonsolidaae order and liberty, and it was very improbable that General - ODonnell would ever join, tho reactiox, after the signal pledges he had given to libert. x. Jose Olozaga,brother of the ambassador, isons of the most influential members of the Frogresa party. It was said that General Gurrea was to resunma the military government of Arragon. The n7aariel necessary for the completion of the Reuss Eailway had arrived at Tarragona on board an English steamer. The road will be opened t wards the close of e ndy. The French Republican Barbes left Barcelona for Portugal on the 15th. The Co^ona of Arragon sa&s that, on being told that he could not remai in Spain, he asked and obtained from the CaptainGeneral a passport for I.isbon.
TURKEY. (FoM O0R OWN CoRaSroxnXT.) CONSTANTNOPLE, MAY. 15; limitation is the unsafest political guide possible. There is, indeed, scarcely a people which does niot possess something worth imitating; !but the misfdrtue is that, instead of transforming and adapting foreign ideas to their own circuarstances, nations usually make the Imistake of imitating without discrimination, and - go in their imitations to extremes. We had a striking instance of this in the paper constitutions of moder timaes, and we have another -not less striking one in the reforms of Turkey When, at the end of the last century, the cont act between Europe and the Ottoman empire began to show every day-more clearly the superiority of the institutions of the former over those of the latter the thought naturally arose that a reform of the:inistitutions of Turkey, on the same principles, wVould re-establish its equilibrium. The anarchy whieh prevailed all over the empire, threatening it every moment with destruction, ripened this thought and hastened its execution'; but it gave-at the same time from the beginning ani extreme direction to these reforms. The past, as well as the present, was so imsupportable that it generated the wish to brealk altogether with old traditions and follow up the new path without once looking back. The consequences were absurd caricatures of European institutions, nearly asbad as, if not, perhaps; worse than, the old state of things. One of the most curious pages in this set Of caricatures is that offered by the central Government itself, because it is most opposed to the spirit of -the people and to all its old traditions. The cumbrous bureaucratic forms which have been imitated from Europe, and which are calculated for the complicatid social state of the West, instead of promotmg, must check the developmentl of a people the immense mlajority of whBich is living in a state of patriarchal simplicity, and whose primtive minds will always be unable to comprehend the utility nf such a comnplicated machinery for which they have so laely to pay. Lt isonthis last score-namely, the expense of'the machinery-that I wish tomake some remarks. - Bureauicracies are always expensivethings, for, starting fromthe principle thathuman natureisweak, and thit nobody ought to be trusted, a great number of persons are necessarily required to carry oit this principle of controlling every one by some one -else ;but, at anyrate, when this system is fimnily established, there is a certain limit imposed by the reguations to the number of officials. No such thing is the case in Turkey; there the official class is swelling from year to. year, and if the increase continues for ten years longer twice the revenue will not be sufficient to feed this hungry official class. A. study of the official list is in this respect very interesting. It is no exaggeration to say that for the last five or si years the number of euxlplori&s hias-been mnore than doubled. Anyone who doubts this has only to compare this oficial list with that of the former.' -. A few examples will be sufficient. The Cou-ncil of Ministers, which had five years ago 16 nmembers, has now25, everyone getting75,000 piastresa-month, or more than 8,0001. sterlng a-year. The Council of State, which, according to rule, ought to have if; members and one secretary, has now 34 memibers .and three secretaries, each of the members having from3,0001. to 1,5001. a year. The Council of Publiclnstruction, whichlought tohavesixmembers, has 22; the Conmnittee of War, a kind of control over military matters, 20 instead of eig,ht memabers; the Committee of Public Works, 21 instead of eight; that of the police, 36; and that of the Miines, iS insteedoof eight. in the Ministries the same is the case. The Ministry of Interior, formnerly with seven directors, has nowr eight; whiat is vranting in the numiber of directors is made up by the number of subordinate emLpvloyfes. Thus, in the bureau for orders and ceremonics the umnber has increased from 6 to 18, in that of- the general correspondence from 80 to 300, in that of the private bureau of the Minister from 30 to 60. In theMiinistryof Foreign Affairsthe samne; instead of the original 9 directors there are 8, and instead of 250 e?npIoy9s 600. Inthe Ministryof Finance the thing iseven worse. There was originally one under-secretary, 7 directors, with 7 chefs and 14 soUs chefs de bureaul, and 350 em-ployes; now there are 2 under-secretaries, 16 directors, 18 chefs de bureau, 25 sous chefs, ana more than 2,000 cmzployts. About the same isthe ratio of increase in the War and Marine MEnistries. lThe most curious, but most easily explained circumstance in this increase is that all the offices where there is really work doing have been left in their former state; for instance, the tanimat has retained its original seven members, or the bureau of the general archives of the land survey, which was left with its original twgo chefs and 50 emnjpOy6s. What everybedy covets is sinlecures, not v-work. This increase in the number of officials origiqnated with the Court, and -was carried to this extreme by the Ministers. The Court throwvs oiff every year a considerable number of superannuated officers of the Palace, who, having served for some time, I have a right to pensions, instead of which they! are accommodated ,ith some sinecure which costs-the Palace nothing. Thus you iind kitchen superintendents members of the Council of Public Instruction, people who had been in charge of the Imperial sheep farms members of some other committee, 'and so forth; but it i5 not only the Central Government wh2ich is inundated with people from the Palace; the provinces have the same fate. Governors and defterdars or revenue collectors are shoved in daily according as the influence of one person or another rises in the Palace. And yet, according to the rules of the service, no officer of the household ought to be employed as a public functionary. B3ut it would be well if the abuse stopped there; this is by no means the case; it has become a system with the M1inisters to accommodate their protEggs with newly-created places. Often the " dodge is adopted of gettingsome one from the palace to write a letter in favour of the person, which the Minister hastens to obey, throwing thws the responsibity from his shoulders.- I! need scarcely say that the increase in tha number of officias has not led to a quicker despatch of business. A stroll in the morning in the cornidor of the Sublima Porte, or a conversatiOn with 0some aspirant in the Seraskierate, issuificient to convince any one of the contrary. or h the quality of the officials inciease avith the quantity. - Those, of course, who are appointed to one of the numerous committees not belonging to the Ministries look at their office as a sinecu re, while those who are appointed in the different Ministries are rarely qualified for their duties, and hope to rise rather by the favour o' their patrons than &y their own merit. This favouritisn is carried so far -that aU official hierarchy may be saidto have ceawe. A. man may work like a horse, and will never be advanced uesshe is pushed by someone. If thera is no room for advancing in rank; by favour, a miau 'who haa patrons my bget an increase of pay, and the grests inequality exists in this respect betweezn
TESTAMELVTABY JURISDICTION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I trust that the Government bill for establishing one court of probate instead of several, and making one probate in all cases sufficient without a repetition of the expense, will not be ilowed to fail. I beg to send yon a very few facts. I am a solicitor living in the country, and facts similar to these come before all other soEcitors. 1. I have lately had to prove awili in the province of Can'erbury, the principal effects being within that jurisdiction. But twvo simplc contract debts were due from persons living within the province of York. This made a second pro. bate necessary, the addition expense being SO!. (not includ. L At this t;hne a client has to take out administration de boni*.non, with will annexed in Ireland, to receive a sunm from the Encumbered Estates Court, the will having been proved in. Ireland by the execator a few years ago in reference to the same debt, after having been originally proved in England, where the principal effects were. The expense of the second probate was about 451. What the third administration will be I do not know. 3. Atthistimeacaseoccursinmyofficeof a wiUproved some years ago in the diocess of Chester, where the testator lived. It is found that some stock in the funds stands in his name as a mere trustee. It is necessary to prove the wil at Canterbury at a considerable expense before the stock can be possessed. 4. A will was proved some years ago by a client in the -Prerogative Court of Canterbury under 4,0001. The testatrim had one share in the Mersey and Irwell Canal, in the diocess of Chester, in the province of York. The will was necessarily proved a second time at an additional expense of 14t., independent of stamp. 5. A similar case occurred where the probate in the Pzerogative Court cost 261. besides stamp, and the probate from Chester 171. besides stamp. 6. Another case was of a will proved at Chester, the tes. tator having lived there. The costs were l5L besides stamp. It was necessarily proved again in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, on account of property in that province, and the cost was Llt. besides stamp. 7. A will had been proved in a provincial diocess under 8,000!., after a careful investigation of the effects, which were found to be entirely within the diocess. Some years afterwards it was found (and it could not possibly have been lnown before) that there were two shares in a canal in another diocess worth perhaps 200l., not the property of the testator, but of which it appeared he was a mere trustee (without, as I believe, knowing that he was so). Theshares could not be dealt with without the will being removed from the Provincial Court and proved in the Prerogative Court, the expense of which it was found would be so great that the parties entitled to the shares declined incurring it. 8. A friend of mine, a solicitor, had to bring an action for executors of the will of a trader (which had been proved at Canterbury) against a debtor who lived in Dorsetshire. A special plea was Put in by the defendant, that the smal town in which he lived was a Royal peculiar, and that, therefore, a Prerogative probate was not suflicient, but that the will must be proved again in this Royal peculiar. The plea was good and fatal to the action. Such are some of the cases which have occurred within a limited experience. They are occurring every day. I ask you, whether in a great country liL-e this such impedliments, delays, and expense are not a disgrace?v Sulrely this session ought not to pass without an enact scent, th.at one probate of a will or one administration should be sufficient for the united kmngdom. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. A SQLICrXOR. s=ay )o. [Advertisement.]-The Dluchess of Northunmberland's part, at Northumberland-house, on Wednesday Cyening TCst (to-nmorrow), is unavoidably postponed.
I APPEAZS. ISOUSE OF LOIRDS, MAY 26. Their Lordships sat this morning for the purpose of hear. ing arguments in the following cause.- P'r5SE V. PERSSL Mr. Robert Henry Persse, the appellant in this case, was brought up in the custody of the keeper of the Whitecrossstreet Prison, in obedience to an ordTr from this House, he having been arrested on an attachment for certain costs incurred in previous proceedings in this cause. He had petitioned the House to be discharged frora custody on the ground of privilege, he having come to London solely for thep urposesof attending these proceedings, which would exemptlhim from arrest for debt. -Their lordships having e.xamined lar. :Robert Peiss and the attorneys on the other side ordered him to be discharged, which was accordingly done. The heaning of the cause was then proceeded with. Mfr. Rolt and Mr. Seiwin, appeared for the appe3lant |and the Solicitor-General and AIr. Giffard for the res pondents. This s an appeal from a decree of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, pronounced by the late Lord Chancellor Blackburn in a supplemental suit wherein Dudley Persse, his children and others, the respondents, were the plaintiffs, and the appollant, Robert Henry Persse, and other persons not interested in this appeal, were the defendants. The substantial question in this case related to the right of the appellant to a certain estate in Ireland called Castleboy, the appellant claiming as the grantee of one George Persse, to whom the said estate was declared to have been devised bv the will of his natural father, RobertParsons Persse. the claim of the appellant was denied by the respondents, on the ground that Robert Parsons Persse had died intestate, and that the estate had then passed to the heir-at-law, the father of the respondent Dudley, by whom it had been covenanted to be conveyed to the uses of the inarrage settlements of the said Dudley Pesase. The arguments not being concludedwhen their lordships rose, the further hearingwas adjourned until to-morrow (this day) morning, at half-past 10 o'clock. The Mouse rose shortly after 4 o'clock.
LAW BEPORT. ROLLS' COURT, CHACcERY-LAN MfAY 26. THE ATTO?NEY-GMELRAr V. TEE NORFOLK R.ULWAY CENsPAN-V. (Before the MASTER of ae RoLLS.) This was a motion for an injunction to restrain the defendants " from divertin or abstracting any of the waters of the Rivers Ware and Waveney, or any streams connected therewith, except the waters of Lake Lothing, and except for the purpose of supplying the cuts and of locking vessels from or into Lake Lothiing, and also from allowing the lockgates at M3utford-bridge to continue being in a state of decay." It appeared that the Comnmissioners of Great Yarmonth Haven having been informed that, from the Ilutford-bridge lockgates having fallen into decay, the waters of Olton Braugh flowed into Lake Lothing, to the detriment of Yarmouth Haven and contrary to the act 'of Parliament known as the Norwich and Lowestoft Navigation Act, comimunications were made to the defendants, whose alleged duty it was to keep these gates in repair; and the issue of the correspondence between the parties was the present application for an injunction. After hearing the affidavit of the engineers on both sides, and the argaments of the counsel engaged, d- e H is H2oVoB held that a suffScient primd facie mae -had been made by the plaintiffs to induce him to grant an injunction so far as to restrain the defendants from abstractr ing any quantity of water, except what was necessary to 'supply the cuts from L ake Lathing into Lawestoft harbour, and also from allowing the Mntford-bridge-gate to remain in a state of decay. With respect to an1y damnage adleged tobe sustained pl!aintiffs to bo stiliberty to bringtheir action at law. - - Iambert for the defendants.
VICE-CHANCELLORS' COURTS. WAY 26. BURGESS V. NUXON. (Before Vice-Chancdllor Sir J. STmiRTA.1 'zhis is a bill praying for the delivery by the defendant to tbe plaintiff of the deeds of conveyance of certain real estate belonging to the latter, on the ground* that the plaintiff deposited those deeds with the defendaut for safe custody. The defendant's case is that the deeds swere deposited wvit him by the plaintiff by way of equitable mortgage. The case for the plaintiff occupied the Court a great portion of Saturday and the whole of to-day, but was not concluded when the Court rose. Mr. Walker and Mr. Shebbeare appeared for the plainMr. R. Palmer and Air. A. Smith were for the plaintiff; Mr. Follett, Mr. Bovill (of the common law bar), and r.' tiff; ML. alins and Mr. FReeling for the defendant. (Before Yice-Chaadellor Sir W. P. WOOD.) The Court was occupied during the early part of the day in a vitut roce examination as to certain matters of account in the case of "I Ramage v. Biddulph," which again stands adjourned till Wednesday. Several of the causes in his Honour's paper stood over on various grounds, and some others were disposed of, but nothing occurred calling for a report.
I COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCE. W%V-TMvINTxRT MPAyr 9& TflE QUEEN V. THE ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERRTV. (SwUings in Banco, before Mir. Jvticc COLERXiGE,- A&.M Tustice ERLE, and Ar. Justice8CROMPTOW.) Sir Y. TRIEEIGER (With whom was Mrr. Sumner) Said,a zule had been granted, on the application of Sir F. Kelly, calling on the Archbishop of Canterbury to show cause why a return made by hin to a mandamus from this court should not be quashed. The question turned mainly on the construction to be put on the 9th section of the Church Discipline Act, the 3d and 4th Victoria, chap. 86, which enacted that " it shall be lawful for the said last-mentioned bishop, by -writing under his hand, to require the party to appear, either in person, or by his agent, duly appointed, asto the said party may seem wit, bfore hia , at any place within the diocess, and at any time after the expiration of the said 14 days, and to make answer to the said artices byithin accrtime as to the bishop sha seem reasonable, &-c." The mandamus followed the words of the act, and it was clear that the return would have been sufficient if the archbishop had returned that he had required the archdeacon te appear at a time and place namned by him according te the provisions of the act. w Bt there was some difficulty in the construction of the act, and as the archbishop was desirous that the proceedings should be all quite regular, and, if there was any difficulty, that he might have the opinion of the Court upon the act, he had made a return, in which hestatedhe had required the archdeacon to appear before him inhis halcin Doctor's-commons. Supposing he had made a return in the general words of the manFTaimus which would have been sufficient, there would have been no opportunity of eoming to this court to ascertain whether the proceedings were regular or- not, and thereforethe archbishop had adopted his present course, from a desire that all the proceedings should be regular, and not liable to be questioned afterwards. Mr. Justice COIEBIDGE said, be had a difdiculty in seeing how anything this Court could do to-day vould assist the archbishop in his proceedings with the archdeacon. The Court vas asked te construe the act, and to inaltence the interests of third parties, without hearing them. Sir F. TIIESI&ER said, that if the question were doubtful the Court woud not quash the return, for that would put the auchbishop in contempt. In this case the Bishop of Bath and the waoron of the preferments held by the archdeacon, and therefore the 24th section applied, which enacted "that when anx act, save sending a case by. letters of request te the Cort of Appeal of the rovigne, is to be done, orany authorityistobeeaercisedbyabishopunder, this act, such act shall be done or authority p ercieby the archbishop of the province in all cases where the bishop, who would otherwise do the act or exercise the authority, as the patron of any preferment held- by the part~y accused."; Bythe interpretation clause, which was contanded in the; second section, itbwas enacted, "That the word 'bishop.'I when used in this aet, shall be construed to comprehendt archbishop;' and the word 'diocess,'whenused in this act, shall be construed to comprehend all places to which the ourisdiction of anyrbishop extends under and fortheuposes of an act passed in the second year of the reign of Her' present Mlajesty, entitled, An Act to abridge theHlolding of: enefices in Plurality, and to MakeBetter Provision for the Residences of theCClergy." Under the 24th section, the nroceedings were not before the archbishop as bishop of his' diocess, hut as archbishop of the province; and, looing at' the 9th section, on which the wandamus ws founded, and the intepretation clause, he (Sir F. Tlesiger) contended thatthe 9th section must be read- as enacting that the arch. bishop should, by writing, under his hand, require the Party to appear at any place within the provnce of Canterbury, The word "tbishop was by the interpretation clauseto be read " achbishop,"' and the word " diocess" as " province." The 13th section empowered the bishop to send a case at once by letters of request tothe archbishop. Mr. Justice CO1rEBInGE.-Then it would go into the Archiepiscopal Court. Here he is to make a court for the oecasion. Yousay, the archbishop mit summon the arch. deacon to appear at Chichester ? Sir F. TuELL said, that was his contentionfin any part of the province. The Court could not say that the return was so irregular as to quash it, and so place the arch. bishop in contempt. Mr. Justice oiroN said, if the return was not correct the Court would be bound to quash it. The question was the same as on a motion for an attachment. Sir F. TIESIGER said, the archbishop was placed in a most embarrassing posihton. he was most desirous that all the proceedings should be regular Sir F. tieLY said, that was equally the desire of the Rev ar. Ditcher, aud that wasn the on why the rule had been othEedfr. Sir F. KELGE said, the archdeacon had not appeared on this rude, and could give no consent. Mr. Jnstice CoEI ien w object of itoR n there 'was to isre h varchdeaco tof aPpOcearng atic weres ow Sir F. ESIG5ER said, WeDls would be more inconvenient as well as more expensive to all the parties concerned. The archbishop must sit himself Mr. Justice COLFRIDGE said that, in point of law, thc archblshop conld sit in the one place as.well as in the other. Sir F. KELLY and thr, FOThESCUE supported the rule. He (Sir F. elly) had nominauyto sunport the rule, but his chief duty would be to entreat the Ciourt to pronounce an opiion on the qurestion. Th object of the Rev. gla. Ditche was to insure the validity of proceedings which were now but be'inning. shr. Justice COLERIDGE said, the opinion of this Court could not hind the mostCintere ted partay Sir F. KELLY said that, if there were a choice between proceeding atWVells and in London, he (Sir F. :Kelly) admitted that the balance of convenience' was in favour of the coure taken by the archbishop, and he should be very glad if the Court could discharge the rule and express a clear opinion that the sumons had been properly issued. But there was such extreme difficulty in coming to that conclusion that it was thought necessary to come to this Court,;aud to point out the diffculty of supporting the course taken by the archbishop. The learued counset proceeded to contend that by the 9th section of the act it was lawful for the bishop, by wvriting, to reguire the party to ap pear before him at " any place withm the diovecs," nd that, -when the 2dth stetion enacted that where the bishop was the patron oE the preferment held by the party accused, the archbishop was to do the act or exercise the authority to be done or exercised by the bishop, the object was, not to alter the nature ofthe act to be done, or tle -ulaed where the party was to appear, but merely that the act should be done by the archblshop instead of by the bishop. Mr. Justice CnomPToix said, the provision that the party Eluildhbe summoned to appear at an I place within the diocess was in favour of the party; and he did not se why it should be altered. The archbishop mighb have censured the archdeacon at Wells. Sir-F. KxLLY.-It would be inconvenient and more expensive. By consent, the q~uestion. might be tried where the parties pleased, but tkis proceedmg was to compel appearance. The archdeacon h give notice that he would appear at Doctors'-commons, but under protest. hMr. Justice COLERIDGE.-SO as to raise the question. After conferring with Mr. Justice Erle for a few minutes, Mfr. Justice COLERIDGE said, he had felt some difficulty in pronouncing an opinion inthe absence of one of the parties interested, as it night be considered that the decision of this Court would in some measure prejudioe the question in v hich he was materially interested. He (MIr. Justice Coleridge) could not, howrever, escaps coming to a decision, and, according to his best opinion, the rule ought to be made absolute. The question depended on the-9th, 11th, and 24th sections of the act of Parliament and the interpretation clause. With respect to the interpretation clause, he(Mr. Justice Coleridge) was of opinion that it did not apply to a cease like the present.. His Lordship then read the 24th s'ection, and observed that no one couldc doubt what the intention of the framer of that section was. Cases might arise where the party accused .might hold preferment ofwhich the bishop was patron; and it was suggested that he was not the proper person to institute the ,proceedings. In the canon as well as in the civil lawa party accused had a right to challenge his judge, a privilege which was not allowed by our law; and it was in reference: .to such a case that the authorityof the archbishop was, 'interposed; and the object of the sec'ion was notto alter the nature of the act to be done,.or theplace at which the narty was to appear, but only the person who was to do the acb or to exercise the authonty. The same act was to be done by the archbishop instead of by the bishop. That would have been the natural interpretation to DUt on the act; but when the 9th and 11th sections were referred to there isas a strong, argument that that was the right interpretation. The 9th section enacted that the bishop might summon the party before him " at any place 'within the diocess ;" and the -lth section, which described: the assessors to be appointed, showed that the archbishop was merely to be substituted for the bishop. He (Mr. Justice Cole. ridge) also remembered that this construction was to be followed, as being more congruous with the general course of Laiw, which was not to take a beneficed clergyman frorn his diocess to a distant part of the province. London might be more convenient, and professional assistance might have been obtained with greater ease; but the general rule -of law was to favour the bringing justice home to the domicile, and it was regarded as a hardship to take a party to a distance. It would be indecent to argue on any excess of authority in this came, but he (Mr. Justice Coleridge) could not help saying that, if the party conld be summoned to Doctors'-commons, he could be summoned to anyl.lace within the province. These were the conclusionis to which he (Mr. Justice Coleridge) had come on this subject. The course now taken was also the safe course, for no argument could be used that the archbishop should hear the case at Cauterbury, or at Lambeth,. in London, which could not also be used that he should hear it at Wells. Mr. Justice ERLE said, the words of the act of Parliament had led him to the same conclusion, and he bad nothing to add.to what had been said by MIr. Justice Cole. ridge. said, 3ustice Crompton, 3Mr. Justice COLERIDGE si,that Mr.JutcCrmon before he left the court, had fully made up his mind to the same effect. His Lordship added, that the time to make a return to the mandamus would be enlarged. BAIT. COURT, XLiY 26. (Sittings at Nisi Prius, before Mr. Justice WIcuriAx.) After the plaintiff's case in the first cause of the day had been proceeded with to a great extent the matter was re; ferred; it would not, therefore, be fair to the parties to state what took plsce. Another cause was then tried, in which the question was whether or not the plaintiff was entitled to certain charges for-'salary and e.xpenses-incurred upon surveying certain mines. I
COURT OF COMMON PPLFAS, W ksT-R. MAY 26. JOHNSON V. GOSL1NG AND OTIERS. (Sttings in Bance, oefore Lord Chief Justice JERVIS cnld Justices WILLLmIS and WILLES.) I This was an action brought by the plaintiff for money had and zeceived by the defendants-seven in number-to his use. One of the defendants saffered judgmnent by default. The action was tried at the Guildhall before the Lord Chief Justice, and a verdict was found for the plaintiff for 501. -damages. I I A rule having been obtained to set aside that verdict and to enter the verdict for the defendants, - .Mr. Watson, Q.C., and Mr. J. Brown appeared to show cause against the rule; and Mr. Serieaut Byles and Mr. Hodgson in support of it. The defendants were directors of a Cornish mine, established on the cost-book principle, and issued a prospectus setting forth the advnntages of tho adventure, which was to be carried on by funds raised in 12,000 shares at 11. each. The plaintiff applied for and obtained 50 shares, on which he paid the subscription. Some 650 shares altogether, it appeared, were only subscribed for, and the concern became abortive. The plaintiff under these circumstances brought his action to recover back his money paid. The seven defendants, it appeared, had opened an account at Lubbock's Bank, but the funds were managed by a committee of five. It was contended for the plaintiffthat allwere responsible. For the defendants, on the other hand, it was submitted that only those directors who had received the money were answerable for it-in this form of action; and -that as to two of the defendants, at least, they were not responsible. The CHIEF JUSTICE, in giving judgment, said, the rule must be discharged. He assumed that if there was nothing to distinguish this case from the ordinary one the plaintiff must recover, and he saw nothingin the cost-hook principle to vary the rule. It wasptof the bargain that the mem. bers of the company should subscribe for 12,000 shares at It. each, and the plaintiff had become a member of a comr pany in which onily some 650 shares were subscribed for, and which afterwards became an abortive company. In his opinion all the defendants sued were liable. They set forth in the prospectus signed by them, that Messrs. Lubbock's were their bankers, and the funds received and managed by Ahe committee of five were the fnnds of them all The right parties having been sued,it wasunnnecessaryto amend. The other learned JUDGES concurring, The rule was discharged. (Sittings at Nisi Priis, Westminster, before Mr. Jwutic CROMDER and a Common, Jury.) SEAnrAN V. 'WRIGHT. This was an action brought to recover damages for. as was alleged, thebreach of a warranty of soundness, giveni on the sale of a horse. Mr. O'Malley, Q.C., and Mr. Keene appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Crouch for the defendant. The plaintiff is a horsedealer, carrying on business at King's Lynn in Norfolk. and the defendant is a farmer in the Isle of Ely. It appeared that on the Ist of last March the defendant sold to the plaintiff, at Downham market, a chestnut mare, which had been in his hands since she was a foaL He gave with her a warranty of soundness, but according to-the evidence of the plaintiff some time after he had -purchased her she fell lame in the fore-feet, and proved, besides, to have a disease of the bladder or the kadneys, and was clearly unsound. The defence was, that the mare always was, and now is peifectly sound in every respect. The trial of this cause lasted during nearly the whole of the day, and, as is usual JU such cases, the witnesses called by the plaintiffroved clearly that the mare was unsound; ;vhile those of the defendant proved as clearly her perfect soundness. After a careful summing up from the learned JUDGE, The jury retired, and two hours after the rising of the Court had not brought in any verdict.
COURT OF EXCHROUR. MAV S(. LEVY V. SPYERS. (Sitting in .Banco.)j This was an action against an attorney for negligence, in which a verdict passed for the plaintiff at the recent sittings at Guildhall, subject, however, to leave to the defendant's counsel to move to enter a verdict for his client. Mr. ATE'EBTox now moved accordingly; and after a brief discussion The CouRT granted a rule aiis. ITNEw TBRAT PAPEBn. ONES V. BROWN. This wasan action of trover, brought to recover the value of a horse and cart and harness alleged to have been " converted" by the defendant, who was the part owner with the plaintiff of the goods in question. At the trial before Mr. Earon Bramwell, a verdict passed for the defendant, subject to the present rnle to enter it for the plaintiff-the ques. tion under discussion being whether such an action could be brought by one partner against another under the peculiar circumstances of the case. * Mr. Hill and Mr. Brett appeared for the defendant, and Mr. Knovwles and Mr. Milward for the plaintiff. At the conclusion of-the arguments The CouitT, which was composed of the Chief Baron and Mr. Baron Bramewell, intimated that, before giving judgment, they would discuss the point with the other Barons, as it involved some questions of principle which required the amplest consideration. Judgment deferred. (SiUings at Migi Prius, tbefor Afr. Baron MA".TT. anz Common.Turies.) The Court was oecupied the whole day in disposing of cases of no public interest whatever.
POLICE. -MAXSION-HOUSE.-The LORED ALKYon said, upon takingI tho chair, tha' he might properly state publicly froro the bench, that on Thursday (the Queen's birthday, and the day' appointed for the general illumination in honour of the peace)'the gates of the Royal Exchange and L'loyd's would be closed during the -day; the Dock-gates would be also closed. The Stock-Exchange business would cease at 2 o'lock, and all the large establishments in the city would keep the day as a holyday, as far as they could, consistentlyl with their business arraigements. 'Hethought it was hisl duty to recommend that facilities might be. afforded to the public, upon so remarkable an occasion, for their faull enjoyment, by the withdrawal of carts and waggons from the most populous neighbourhoods, and he had no doubt that the shopkeepers would lend-their aid in preventingthe confusion which must necessarily arise from pursuing their ustu avocations duing the' time to be devoted to the national rejoicing. - - 'The IORD MLkYOk stated thatthepoorbox at the Mansionhouse was in a very low conditiou, and that there were numerous demands daily there upon the assistance of the benevolent, which assSstance be was convinced it would be only necessary for hii to crave to obtain. GUILDHAU-Christopher Evans, a respectably-dressed young man of diminutive stature, was charged with obtaining 281. 9s. 6d. by means of a forged warant, with intent to defraud Messrs. Trueman, Hitchcock, and Co., Manchester warehousemen, of 23, Wood-street, Cheapside. Mr. Samuel Lowry, a partner in the firm:of Trueman, Hitchcock, and Co., stated'th at on the 25th of April last he received the following letter through the post-office.- "A Abergaveny, Aptil 24. !us per rail, together wnith a parcel fromu Mr. Dawzson,'Basinghall-street, by to-morrow'strain, the undermentioned articles, and oblige yours, respectfully, Ip~M~c ' AYD PRICE, [ Pro1g. ~~~~D. PP.ICE." After enumerating the goods required, the letter went on:- - " We shall feel obliged by your favouring us by forwvard ing to Mr. Richardson a check to the amount of 2'. 9s. 64., who is stopping at Deacon's Coffee-house, No. 3, Walbrook, City. This being his first trip to Lodon,wethought we had better get you to favour us by forn'arding with a note the sun named to 3r. Richardson, to No. 3, Walbrook, tomorrow morning, as we wish him to call personally and pay that amount to the insurance companiy named in my letter to him. You will receive from us a check to the amount on Saturday mornino next, the 26th ist. Mr. Pearce will be in town next Friay, when he intends calling upon you. By obliging us by remitting that sum to Mr. Richardson to-porrow mornng (Friday) withot fail, we shall esteem it a favour. "We beg to remain, gentlemen, yours most respectfyPEARCE_,ED PNICE. Mr. Lowry said he sent a clerk with a check for 281. 9s. 6M.h and the prisoner, who represented himself as Mr. Richardson, signed a receipt for the amount, but shortly afterwards he called ewith the check, and said the insurance company would not accept it, because it was crossed, and he therefore requested cash, which was given'to him in exchange for the check. On the following day they received a cornmmunication from Messrs. Pearce and Price with whom they had -not had any business transactions during 'the last two or three years, or niore. It was usual for customers to draWv upon them in this way where mutuLal conifidence existed.! Witness parted with the check believing the letter came 'from Pearce and Price.- - Mr. Pearce said 'be was a draper in Abergavenny',anA knew the prisoner, who served part of his time, 'and re-mained for some years after with them as an assistaut. The letter produced was inthe prisoner's hanid'writing. He, left witness's employ in 1852. From the evidence of the officers it appeared that the prisoner had been arrested -at Bradford, in Yorkshire, upon another charge, when he was remanded to London. Storey, the officer, said, he-held in his possession 12 pawn-; - broker duplicates, which were found on the prisoner, who' .on being told the charge admitted the letter to Xessrs.1 -Trueman, Hitchcock, and Co;, to be in his own writing. 'I Mir. Nathaniel Dawson,' a clothfactor, of. 3, Basinghall-j street, said, on the 7th of April last he received, through! the general post, the following letter:- " Abergavenny,'April 6, 1856. "Dear Sir,-We should ieel obliged by your sending us. down, per Mr. Phillip, this evening, one end of West of England broadcloth, about 14s, and not to exceed 12 yards. Mr. Phillip is staying at the Saracen's Head, Skinnerstreet, City. You will please send it in 'directed for him with the invoice endosed, and oblige yours most respectflly, "PECE and PR`Cx - "Mr. Dawson." In-consequence of that letter witness sent the cloth as directed,. and an invitation to Mrz. Phili - to dine with him, believing the letter referred to Mr. Philip Morgin; 'a former partner in the fir'of Pearce and Price, and an old friend of wvitness's. On the l7th of.Apr. lest he received another letter, thefollowing of which is a copy:- -'-Abergavenny, April 16; 1856. Dear Sir,-We were very much leased with the cloth that you selected to our small order of last week, andshould feel obliged by your ending into Messrs. Ioellin,Trua, and Hitencock's, to be enclosed, one end of the same coth about 15 yards. We should also feel oblged by your giving our Mr. Thomas, who has this morning left Abergavenny for town, a check for 11. 16s. 04., aswe wsh him to pay that amount for'us personally to Messrs Castle, Jones, and Wortley, there being an error in the account: I expect to be in town, next Wednesday or Thursday, if pos sible. We have lately heard from our old friendJohntorgan; he desires to be kindly remembered to you, Mr. Dawson. Thomas is staying at St. Bride's Coffeehouse, fleetstreet, City, where you will oblige us by forwarding a check for the sum before named.' Mr. Phillip is veryi sorry -that he was not able to accept your kind invitation to dinner last week, and much regretted not being able to call and see you, his time being so limited in town. 'We are happy to say that trade is lookng up in Abergavenny.. Our markets for these last few weeks has been better than we' have remembered for many years past, and-I hope that you wil find trade good in town. 2Hoping, dear Sir, that you and the famnily are quite well, we-beg to remnain, dear Sir, " Yourts, most respectfully, "Mhr. W. Dawson. hPo B. D. PxrICp " P.S. Please send in the end of cloth Saturday morning next. The invoice D. Thomas can bring down with him, as he returns on Monday next to Abergave ny." Mr. Dawson said he sent the cloth, and, not g to, send a check to a coffeehoune,he requested that the prisoner would call upon him. The prisoner accordingly called on the following day, and witness gave him the check. Thomas Copeman, foreman to the last witness, deposed to havig packed up the 12 yards of cloth and directed them to Pearce and Price, per favour of Philip Morgan. He delivered thcldoth at the Saracen's Head, but he did not see the prisoner. Five pawnbrokers produced various quantities of cloth which the erisoner had 'pledged with them for about 7s. per. yard, and Mwr. Dawson identified it as his property, the five lengths produced making up the whole 12 yards obtained by the prisoner. There were two other cases against the prisoner, but only one of them was gone into, and he was then committed for trial upon three charges of uttering forged orders. MAuRonouGH-SRm r.-William Carey was brought before Mr. B3INHrAM charged with assaulting the police in Hyde Park on Sunday last. Police-constable Peacock.-At a quarter past 4--yesterday afternoon there was a large assemblage of persons in Hyde -Park. About 10,000 or 12,000 were present, and among them were about 400 "roughs," who began pelting stones at persons in Rotten-row. I went up to -them with 'another constable, and a boy was given into our custody for throwing stones. A mob of the "roughs" then rushed for ward, and we were compelled to let the boy go. We crossed 'to the Magai,ne, and wcre followed by 500 or 600 persons, "who peted us the whole way. I kept my eye steadiy on the prisoner, and as soon as an'opportunity offered I took him into custody, and as I did sot saw him dirop several stones out of his hand. I am certain that several of the clods and stones thrown by the prisoner struk me. Prisoner was the ringleader of the 'mob, and beckoned on the "roughs" with astick. Mycoat was.coveredwithdirt. Police-constable A, 15S.-I was on duty yesterday afternoon in Hyde Park I saw the disturbance, but I did not notice the prisoner particularly. Prisoner (who blubbered very much).-Iras goinghome, and, seeing a crowd, and an old manamong it, Itold him to run into the horse barracks. Police-constable Peacock.-A tremendous knife was found on the Prisoner. Mr. BwIrL-Whether you are one of those r7uffan who hope to derive an advantage from anarchy and tumult, or one of those ill-instructed and ill-judging persons who propose to carry out their own views by intimidation, or simply a reckless idler, who can find pastime in oelting eassengers or police, I shall not takre upon myself to decide, although fromthe tears which have escaped I am inclined to place you in the latter cLass; but, as no one can say in wat serious disturbance a tuniult may cnd, although commenced only by boys, or thoughtless fdlers, it is necessary that you, and through you all others, should learn by your example the deterurination of the magistrates to suppress; Pypunishment everyattemptto occasion disorder in the arks, or to resist the Police in the execution of their duty. IJn your case it is hope3 that an imprisonment of 14 days. to which you. are nowr sentenced, will have the desired "J. D. XI" has sent 5s.-worth of postage-stamps for the poor-box. TrAwES.-WilhiAm lewis, a seaman, described as a native of Chatham, and aged 26 years, was charged with feloniously conspiring to murder the captain and oficers of the ship Stebonheath, and to piratically ran away with the Faid ship, on the high seas within the jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England. The prisoner, a tall, dark, and resolute-looking fellow,' was brought up from Gravesend on Saturday evening by Inspector Richard 'White and Inspector Spain, of the Thames Police, and they produced and laid on the table of the court the following articles :-A bottle of laudanum, a leg containing very strong brandy, two bowie knives, in theath2 twvo six-barrelled Colt revolvers, loaded with powder and bals; two single barrelled pistols, loaded in a similar manner; a flatk of gunpowrder, a bag of blet, five smiall LQzes COnt4stinug petcutson-caps5 a life presenrrcr ktli shot moulds, one large boullie knife, a watch in a case, a purse contaiing_ a sovereign, two half-sovereigns, two half-crowns, a shilling, and two 94ences, a leather belt, a, canvass bag, a piece of vwood cut from a ramrod, and a small bottle of scents.- The -watchin the case is a very handsome Geneva silver watch, and not such a one as a, common sailor would be likely to'pnrchase. CaPtain John Sergeant said he was the commander of the ship Ste'bonheath, of London, which arrived in the Londondocic on Sundag morning. The prisoner- was a seamn, and heshipped him in Melbourne. His crew consisted of B, all told, and the passengers were 22 in number. The Stebonheath had on board, as part of her cargo, 61,00D ounces of gold, value 24,0001- The prisoner conducted himself badly the day after hebcaneon board, andclaimed as his own a chest belonging to another man in his (the captain's) presence. The min came on board the next day, and the prisoner was compelled to eive up the chest. He left theport of Melbourne on the lith of February, and five days afterwards was informed by anran named Thomas Whittington that the prisoner had proposed to murder the officers, put the passengers in confinement, and run -away with the ship. le cased he prisoner to be immediately artesbed and put in irons, and went forward and took- the fire-arms, powder and shot, the keg of brandy, the botttle of laudanum, andother things out of the forecastle. Mr. YAImDLEy.-You mean the arms and other things on the table of the court. Captain Sergeant.-Yes, Sir. The prisonerwas.kept in irons all the voyage, but occasionally al edtowalkthe quartereck. ' fr.YjaDLEy.-Are the statements made to you by Whittington and Beitho inserted in the official logbook ? Captain- Sergeant.-They are, Sir. The 'witness then read a small-portion of the entry, when Mr. Y&PaDtE:Y stopped him, and said he had best have an acconnt of thetransaction fro the seamen to whom the alleged proposal to murder the officers and run away with the ship was made.-- Twro seamen, Thomas Whitting ton and William Belitho, wrere ther; exaniined their evidence fully supportedathe statement made by the captain. MrL. YAxuany said the case- could not be completed that day, but'ulUtinately must be sent before a jury. He asked if the mates of the ship were in attendance. Inspector White.-No, Sir; they are busy getting the gold out of the ship, and cnnot attend this day. Mr. AmRDLEY.-Very velI. - I cannot go fuxther into the case to-day. The prisoner is remanded. The prisoner endeavored to wiiiover a man namedHugh Renttohishorrible designs, as well'as Whittington and Belitho. The prisoner, who came on'board,'prepared to carry out his nefarious-plot,told.the thbeemen that afterthe officers were murdered and the crewv "dosed" with laudaseem- h-shouldthroS all the passenigers overboard,'with the exception of the young women, and -then sail for the coast of Tern, where they could' take'the gold out of the ship, seuttle her, and send her -to the bottomn of the sea, with allthe vomen on board. Diabolical as this may appear, there is no doubt the prisaner-would have carried out his intentions if Whittington, Eent,sindBelitho had not proved faithful to their officers, and revealed the plot. The passengers rewardedfthe three seamen for their faithful conduct and integrity, as will appearby the following interesting document which Captain Slrgeaat lindly plaoed at the disposalof ourrepoter- " Ship Stebonheath, May 20. "Messrs. Thomas Whittington, Witer Belitho, Hugh Kent,--we, the passengers of- the ship Stebonheath, from Melbourne for London, -have very grekt pleasure iu expressing to you our best feelings of respect and gratitide for the noble sirit you evinced -in coming forward so boldly' and unravelling a plot. of mutiny, under the following circumstances :-On the 22d of February last you voluntazilycame forwaar& andgave information that one of the sailors, tempted by the great quantity of gold'on boaid, had been trying to mnduce you to mutiny, take the ship. and murder all the pssengers, and for a certain portion of us, inaddition, a ate. worse tha death wis contemplated. We feel the more pleasure in so doing as it occued= hen the circumstances attending the plot were of such aniature as to afford considerable hopes of 'its' bing 'ca.ied out; and wve congratulate you on the honestsEngish independence which marked your behaviour, and on the principles that prompted you to. the course:-you pursued. he 'subscribed sum we have -handed to the Captain, at your disposal, and we beg your acceptance of it, hoping that -your conduct may always be chbircterized by the same degree of fidelity and disinterestedness wshich has called forth this mark of our goodwill and esteem, so as to entitle you to the distigished appellationof rue-hearted, -faithful British sailors;* that t'his our spontaneous and willing testimony to your merit may prove beneficial to your future prospectsinlife is thepresentprayer and sincere wish of usthe undersigned:- IJfrA.Hayd Mr.'Intosh and family * 3 Mr. and Mrs. adonald - . 20 John Hart ... ... ... ... ... 20 John F. G. Sykes .5 John B. Sherring ... .. 10 William John Greig ... ... ... 10 "It was resolved unanimoudy by the subscribers that the above sum should be divided in the following manner, viz.: Thomas Vhittington . . ... £0 - iliam Belitho ... 50 Hugh Kent... ... ... 15 g"William John Greig, IHon. Secretary., SoUTnwEAif-Mr. George Mean, a master butcher of St. George's-market, Southwark, and Henry AImeroth, aZia.s Turner, a tall, well-known character, were brought before -Mr. A'BxcxRu'T charged with beine concerned in stealing 4G sheep fromtheVictoriaPark, Stepney, the property of Mr.' Askew, tlie lessee -of the Park, and Mr. illiam Scales, "whol'. ale butcher, 44, Whitecliapel, Aldgate. Mr. Lewis aslked for a further adjonrnment of a week, as there were other charges apainstthe prisoners. On the 24th of March Mr. Collins, a butcher,. of Abingdon-street, West-; minster, lost 13 Southdown wethers from his slaughter-' house in Smith-street, and on the following day their skins were fetched away by Mr. Kelly's man. He should be prepared with the evidence on a future day. lMr. A'BECETT accordingly remanded the prisoners for a week, but consented to accept bail for the appearance of Meau, himself in lOOL. andtwo sureties of 801. each, with 24 hours' notice to the prosecution. LAmrnsr.-Willim Foster and Charles Chlistian oldler, who have been in custody for some days on a charge of procuring the engraving of a copper plate for forging the bank-notes of a Swedish joint-stock bank, were placed at the bar before Mr. ELLIoTT for final examination. Mr. Mullens, of the firm of Bush and Mullens, attended for the prosecution, and Mr. Ixeale for the prisoners. In addition to the evidence adduced on the former dav Mr. Mullens called Mlr. William Tottie,-theVice-Consul for NTorway and Sweden, who deposed that he was a member of' the firm of Charles Tottie and Sons, of Alderman's-wharf and agent in London for the Mler ProrincesPrvate 13ank in Sweden, which was a bnk carried on by a company of persons, such as is known in this contry, as a joint-stock bankc. That bank iss notes which have been engraved in this country, such notes being of several deno- minations. The note produced was a genuine note of the' bank ho spoke of, and was in the Swedish language, and was of the value of about ls. English. Witness knew the prisoner MhIler, but not Foster. - Mr. Charles Austin, an engraver in BartleWa buildings, Holborn, was next sworn, and deposed that about the end, of April lasti two persons called -on him, and, producingaa foreign notehe thought the one spoken to by lMr. Tottie-. asked him what the price -of engraving that notevwould be. HIe told them at would - be 21. lOs, believing at Ithe time that it was to be done for the trade, The men also produced to him a copper-plate of the size then produced, and said they had purchased it at Hughes and Kmber's, Shoe-lane.'n En reply to the magistrate the witness said he did not take any particular notice of the men-he was so intent on exminng the note, and therefore -could not say th prisonera were the same.' Mr. Muliens reminded the magistrate that on the former examination Mr. Morrish, in his evidence, stated that the. prisoners had told him that they had been to Mr. Austin, an engaverin Bartl ctt's-buildings,who had offered to engravethe p to of the note for 31. 10s., and therefore it was that he had called the last witness to corroborate that part of his testimony. Mr. Inspector Thornton, Sergeant Williamson, and other' officers were examined respecting-the apprehension of the, prisoners andtheirmovements- for sonie days previouslyi and they (the prisoners) were fully committed to take their: trial at the Central Criminal Court. They are both wel known to the police, each having been- before convicted of' felony.
TITHE RBENZH-CHAGE ASSESSAFEXT TO POOR BELIEF. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TfLdS. Sir,-I your paper of the 17th there appears a 'etter froM Mr. Joln Meadows White, in -which he candidly admits that the present method of assessing the wommute tithe rent-charge to the Mrief of the poor is unjns,, and he enumerates several deauctions that ought to be allowed to the clergy. But no legislative remedy for this injnstice will be effbetal as long as a mere abstract valuation, sanctioned b the Poor law Commissioners or made by the reroclual a=essors, is taken as the criteion of the value of bad for the purpose of rating it. The assessors in these cases are feuently ignorant persons, and generally interested parties, and in proportion as the reductions in favour of the clergy are increased the official Taluation of the land will be lowered. The principle of the Parochial Asm ment Act is, that the value of property forpurpoees of-taxation shdl be estimated at the rent for whbch it could be let, the tenant paying all rate, taxes, and' chalges, and this just principle can never-be carriedout anless the tenant be conpeMed to dicelose his xent, tand-the justices be authorized to 'withhold their signatures t-=any rate Dot m ade according to the net rental. lThthis.g bnt~ this 'will, I amn convinced from long experience, insure a. jusae. The Parochial ernent Act literalBy gave tS jiystiCee3that owrer, but the judges in {Regina; K~ Earl of - rarboroogh' put a. different con struction. upon-Uie 'words. I r R; wnur obedient servanrt, - - -. - W3ILH )&GII1TRATX
NAYAL A2fD MILITARY INTELLIGENCE. Her Majesty's ship Amphitrite, 25, Captain Brridge, ana the Highflyer, 21, Captain Moore, went into Portsonath harbour yesterday morning to bepaid off. The Admiralty order which arrived at Sheerness for the Cressy, SO guns, screw steamship, Captain Richard IX Warrcn, to prepre for her immmediate 4epartnre for uisboa (aa rcported), has been countermianded ill consequence of th'e time it will occupy to make the necessary alteratiour. The Majestic has therefore been ordered to proceed iit her ^tead. The progress of the new corvette Clo, of 20 gans, intended to be built at Sheerness, has been suspended. The Edward sailinz tranqsport, No. 141, and tlee steamer Derwent, No. 241, both of which reached Woolwich on Saturday, have unloaded a considera^ble portion of their heavy freights. The Derwent has brought kome three 9- poouuder batteries, with appartenances complete; and the cargo of the Edward consists of 116 Russian guns and 4 mnortar, with a quantity of old clothing and condemned steres. The.screw steam-ganboats Pheasant and Primrose, sister -vessels, to c.ary 60-horse powver enigines, 'were launched on Saturday last at Messrs. Pitcher's, of *Yortbfheet, and were removed in tow of the Widgeon on Sunday to Woolwich. These vessels are not to be rigged and fitred, nor coppered, h ut they are other-ise in a forward state for service, and are to be kept in reserve unfinished. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty *-Comm.ander G. F. Day, to the Firefly; John Tucker (b), master, to the Ajax ; John Waye, master, to the Intrepid; Alfred J. Yeitch, master, to the lNiger; Matthlew P. Lyon, master's-assistant, to the Mfagicienne; Robert H. Hawves, master's-assistant, to the Ariel; Daniel Saumders, surgeon, to the Atalanta; Willian A. Turner, assistant-surgeon, to the Duke of Wellington; William T. Carr, assistant-surgeon to the Boscawen; Edward h'Carthy, acting a.ssistant-surgeon, to the Royal George; Willian Simpson, acting assistant-surgeon, to the Boscawen ; John Jefferson, acting assistant-surgeon, to the CQesar; Pierce Mdansfield, acting assistant-surgeon, to the Boscaven,w Janies Flanagan, acting assistant-surgeon, to the Algiers; Matthew B. Grandy, assistant-clerk, to the Atalanta. The Duke of Cambridge inspected the cavalry regiments -of the British German Legion at the camp at Shorncliffe yesterday. The Royal Duke, with his equerry, Colonel Tyrwhitt, attended by Major-General the Baron de Stutterheim, Colonel Kinloch (Inspector-General), and Staff, amnd accompanied by Colonel Darby Grilliths, of the Scots Grays, arrived at the camp shortly after 9 o'clock, and occupied himself for three hours in witnessing the evolutions of the tw-o regiments of cavalry (500 strong), uinder the comand of Lieutenant-Colonel Percival and LieutenantColonel Fleming, the Royal Duke himself suggesting some of the manoeuvres. In the course of the inspection several rapid and dashing charges were made, and all passed off with the greatest show- of efficiency in drill. Men and horses looked admirbly, and the Duke expressed himself highly pleased with the soldierly appearance of the men Subsequently the infantry were turned out, when his Royal Highness inspected the three regiments under the command of lieutenant-Colonels Humfrey, Bathurst, and Kent Mutrray, a fine healthy compact body of soldiers. The Duke also visited the cavalry stables, and, after taking luncheon -ith the gallant commander of the Legion, the Baron Stutterheim, was accompanied to the train by the gallant General's Staff (including Majors Ellerman, Follenius, Cart-u-sight, &c). The regiment of Jagers, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. F. Joscelyn, left Shorneliffe for Aldershott last week, and it is likely the other regiments, cavalry and infantry, will also proceed to Aldershott and be brigaded with the troops already there. Daron Breitbach was presented to the Duke of Camsbridge. This veteran served in most of the campaigns of the Peninsula, and was one of the Duke of Welling'ton's aides-decamp at the battle of Waterloo. Brigades of the Royal Artillery at Woolwich have gone through heay gun exercises for some days past, in preparation for the general review- hich is to take place on the Common on the 2'th. The Pensioners also mustered in full number yesterday morning, under the command of Lieutenant-ColonelForbes, and werejoined bythose from Deptford, under Mlajor Ward. They went througis a number of field evolutions in a satisfactory manner, which terminlated in firing several rounds of musketry to practise afez, de joie. On Sunday evening 10S invalids, the whole of whom were from the Eas,t Indies, arrived at Fort Pitt, Chatham, from Oravesend, h.aving disembarked from the Agameznmon. The detachment consisted of non-commissioned of ficers and men belongingr to the cavalry regiments now in the East, and also detachments of the 5th (The King's) Regiment, and the 29th Regiment. They enmbarked at Calcutta on the 1-thof Febraary last. The detachment came home under the command of Captain C. Mackechnie, 24th Pegiment, and in medical charge of Dr. Reed. THE MILITIA. The City of Dublin Militia arrived at Liverpool from Allershoit yesterday, and embarked for Dublin. Te Royal SherwoodForesters arrived in Dublin from Athione on Wednesday. On Thursday they were inspected by l:ord Seaton, and on Friday embark-ed at ingstown for Liverpool, whence they proceeded to ewYark-, the headquarters of thze regimeent, on Saturday.
IZVSPECTIOV OF CA VAL4Y FROAL THE CRIM1EA BY THE QUEENf. PORTMOUTH, MAY 26. A reportlhaving been made to Her Majesty last Friday evening, by Major-General Breton, -of the arrival of the 4th (Queen's Own) and 13th Light Dragoons, direct from the Crimea, in the steam-transport Assistance, Her Majesty notified her intention of inspecting them this day, on her -way to London. The troops were accordingly disembarked after their dinner-hour, into steam-tenders placed alongfside theirtransport, and conveyed across the harbour to the Royal Clarence Victualling Yard, -where a fine parade-ground, an front of the Admiralty offices, had been qleaied and prepared under the superintendence of Captain S. C. Dacres, U.B., and Mr. Dacres, R. N., master attendant. Here the troous, consisting of 3 field officers, 2 captains, 8 subalterns, and S staff, 45 -sergeants, 8 trumpeters, 7 farriers, and 544 rank and file, were drawn up in hollow square at 2 o'clock. Each man wore his medal; many had -several, and one man (Sergeant BMoody, of the 13th) wore three medals and eight clasps. He was formerly in the 3d Light Dragoons, and served in India, for which he had two medals and three clasps. The 13th lost about 100 men in killed, wourded, and prisoners, at the char'e at Balaklava; and out of 350 horses originally taken out only 17 have -come home. They had three officers killed in the -charge. The 4th took out originally 250 horses, not one of which has lived to return home, and not above one squadron of the men out of the whole regiment. The officers on the ground to-day wvere of the 4th, lieutenant-Colonel Low, Captain the Hon. Charles J. Keith, Lieutenants G. W. Hunt, Edward L. Puxley, Henry R. de Bourbel, William Winstanley, and Lord Ernest Vane Tempest; Captain G. T. Gen"e, paymaster; and Assistant-Surgeon David Cullen, ILb5. Of the 13th, Colonel Doherty, Major Henry Holden, Captains Percy Shaowe Smith, EdwardmL.Jervis, and John William Clayton; ieutenants Robert Macneill, Henry 0. Munn, and Edward H1. E. Kauntze ;Captain,Edmund Bentley Frith, paymasterSurgeon Anthony b. Home, Veterinary Surgeon Hart, and Quartermaster William:Cresdee. About a-quarter-past-2o'clock Her Majesty, the Prince -Consort, the Royal family,-lihe Prince of Prussia, and their respective suites ersbarked on board the steam yacht Fairy, Captain the Hon. J.vseph Denman, and steamed up for this port. The fleet at Spithead fred. a general Royal salute, with ships dressed, -as -the vyacht, with the British and Trussian standards f!ying from her main and foremastbeads, flitted throuqh the anchsrage; the Garrison battery and the flag-ships m narboutalso fired salutes on the apprcach of the Royal veisel. At 3 o'clock ler Yajee.y, thaercince Consort, family, and herillustriousvisitorlanedatthelloyalClarenceyard, wiere -thefo'lowing officers weredn vaitingtoreceive them :-ViceAdmiral Sir George Seym,ur, 2tejor-General Breton, RearAdmiral Martin, Colonel Forste-, R.E., Aide-de-Camp; Colonel Graham, tLM., AMa-de-C.-np; Assistant-Quarter-naster-General Dalgetty; Deputy Assistant-AdjutantGeneral 2N elson, Deputy-Asistan tuartermaster-GeneraI WVright, Ca tin -ves, Aifie-de,C-mp ; CaptauLn Breton, Lnd a guzz- of hononr of iyal Mz-nme Light Infantry, amnderthe cgonmand of Lieutenant-Colonel Flemyng, Captain Farrant, First Lieutenant Scymsur, ;-ieatenant 1ewis, and Adjutant Haliand. Captain Der=es, .C.B., Mr. Pinlioan, R.N., Mr. Da-es, R.N., and BlajJLie.-atenants Pechell awl Brandreth were also in attendanc& Major-General Breton escorted thie Quc^n to the parade _round, where H=E Maesty made dte tour ,of the square, xollowed by the B-rince Consort, ?,ince of Prussia, the Royal faly, ans,the staff, the apzisdid band of the Roy;l Alarines playing during the Wime "See the Conquering Hero &oes." The Quees and Court passed along the Uroeit and bo64'een the ranks, and -then took usp position on the centre of/iie jetty for the troops tomarch past her ia sections of sixes. After this tLe trooyp halted and faced about, g^ave the gW_td PRoyal saluie, thb kand accompanying with "God Save .0e Queen," and the Royal parade ended by HerMajesty ea-p.ressing to Ccosel l)oi'erty of the 13th (the senior ofricer, who comnted on the occasion) her pleasure at the inspeet5on. The lkyalcors-e then enteredthe train in waiting and lef for Lino. After the departulre of the Queen thle 4t,t and U Light Dragoons re-em arkedin the tugs assd rero tak:en out to Spithead and re-embarked in the Assistance fftran-?ort jich takes them to their several head-quarters.
Tn~ AiRMY.-The f lowng is a list of the of&iersd Idlled in the Crimea, to the relatives of whom sums of money have been paid in lieu of pensions in pursuance of the proisions of the 10th clause of the Royal warrant. of the 1st of March, 1856, viz. :-Lientenant Janes Collins Ashiwis, 57th Fodot; CaPtain Jamaes Franklins Bland, .57th Foot; Second-Lieutenant Joseth Henry Butler, 23d Footl Lieutenant Edward William Lddington, 95th Foot; Lieixt tenant Charles Henry Evans, 5sth Foot; Captin Lies Fenwick, 44th Foot; Major John Thomas Dougla Halkett 4th Light Dragoons; Captain Arundel Edmund Hill 89t Foot; Major and Brevet-Colonel the Hon. F. G. Hood Grenadier Gaard&; Lieutenant George Mitchell, 57th Foot! Captain Lewic edward N~olan, 15th Hussars; Captain E; wn Richards, 41st oot; Captain Wflhiarn Frederick A- gllftUs Raook, 41th Faot; Captain H. Millingcbamp '¶aeghan, 90th Foot; LientenUnt WillEam S- Worthington, Xd&I oot; and Captain Jacksosi W.rey, 88th Foot. The ~i aid xar?idfrom 4621. to 4,317?.
IBBLA.D. ZPROM OVR oWN coxRRrONDrn,.) DIThBLUT, MOnr-DAzY MORNw. Tni TIPPERARY BANK. To the agreeable surprise of the creditors a divi'dend of 2s. in the pound has been already struck, 'payable on and after the. 17th of June. This un- expected boon is due to the unremitingtassiduiity of the official manager and his solicitor. The trade report of the Freemulans JolurntI supplies the follow.inginformnation upon the subject:- " Simnultaneous withthe dividend, w,hich is wholly paid out of the assets of the bank, the official assignee proposes to make s. call on all the contributories of 40. per share, or four times the amount of the sun paid up. The number of shares subject to this call is 5,439, from which, however, must be deducted insolvencies, and lso debts due to shareholders which they will be entitled to set off against thc call, so that the amuount actually to be received cannot even be estimated. The following is the amount of claims as near as can be estimated:- Deposit receipts admitted . .. ... 195,000 Current accounts ... ... ... .. ... 49,000 Bank of Ireland, Bank of Scotland, and unpaid letters of credit ... ... 23,000 267,000 English draughts overdue .- . . ... 105, 000 Acceptance due May 29 ... .. ... .. 17,000 Deposit receipts ... ... ... ... ... 41,600 £430,500 "The amount singularly coincides with the estimate given in our article of the 10th of March-viz., 430,0001. " On the other side of the account there are- Cash in bank, Government Stock, and bills £ remaining duo ... ... - ... ... 25,000 Bills overdue at date of official manager's appointment (a large proportion bad) ... 56,000 Bills since overdue ... ... ... ... 12,000 Overdrawn accounts, including John Sadleir's 350,000 " The official manager states in his affidavit that he does not believe that 5,0001., in addition to the sun t already realized, can be got within three months, and it is of the greatest importance tnat an immediate call should be made to prevent shareholders from being exposed to the ruinous consequences of hostile proeedlings. . It only remains for the sh.areholders to imitate the praiseworthy alacrity of Mr. M'Dowell and r. lMelden, and promptly pay the call, by whbich they will save a vast amount of loss and facilitate the wvinding up, which, for the sake of all persons, it is most desirable to know the best and worst of with as little delay as possible. It is, however, perfectly clear that the present cell, heavy as it is, is only a drst instalment." DECEvIXE OF PAUERIlSM. There is a reducetion of nearly aO per cent, in the number of paulpers this year in the G.aiway workhoutse as compared with the corresponding period in 1855. Tn the latter year the nmlbers wvere 862 to 487 in 185n6. IRISH BANK] RETUIRNS. Average Amount of Bank-notes in Circullation and of Coin held during the Four Weeks ending Saturday, the 10th of Slav. 1856.
THE LOWEB SHOW AT THE CRYSTAL PALACE, Perhaps a more brilliant company was never assembled within the wals of the Crystal Palace, and rarely a more numerous one, than on the occasion of the floral fete, the first of a series during the present year, which the managers gave on Saturday, encouraged, as they had been, by the success of a similar exhibition last summer, which, it will be remembered, was unparalleled for the rare beauty and number of the specimens collected. The doors of the building were noi opened till 12 o'clock, and from that hour until far on in the afternoon every successive train poured its gaily-dressed stream of visitors into the Palace, until it was crowded with the slite of the metropolis and the surrounding neighbourhood. The flower-stands were erected through nearly the entire length of the transepts, north and south, and the various classes of plants, in their infinite variety of form and colour, and arranged as they were with consummate taste, had a gorgeous and striking effect. The stove and greenhouse plants, composed of the more rare and delicate kinds of azaleas, elicited the greatest admiration. The prize flower in this group was a marvel of horticultural art-not a leaf or twig of the plant itself could be discovered amid the mass of rich white lossoms with which it was laden, and which were scattered over it like gently drifted snow. A prize of 301. was awarded to Mr. May, its proprietor. To this splendid exotic-the azalea-the gardeners seem now to be devoting particular attention, and the buLk andstature of the plants belonging7 to that class, and the luxurious abundance and gorgeousness of colour of their flower, as exhibited on Saturday, provethat their perseverance is being rewarded withits accustomed success. It was generaly admitted that seldom had a flower-show been witnessed at which there was to be seen a more abundant or choice supply of our most popular and national of flowers-the rose. The treasures of Cheshunt and Berkhampstead, decked in every tint, from the palest pink to the deepest crimson, and diffusing an universal fragrance, were especially conspicuous - an a group of ye low roses was universally admire as the gem of the exhibition. Of Cape heaths and rhododendrons there was a fair average display, and of calceolarias an uncommonly brilliant show, the plants being all of the choicest kinds, covered with bloom, and many of them conspicuous for their delicate beauty. In fuschias there were, comparatively speaking, but few competitors, but there v,as scarcely a plant in this class that was not of thehighest order of excellence, andthethree to which przes were awarded were splendid specimens. Among them were some white varieties, to which much interest attached. The pelargoniums were also well represented, but not in such abundance nor in such great variety as may often be seen in the exhibitions in the Botanic-garden, in the Regent's-park. Among the specsmens, however, were many varieties, which, for richness of bloom and size of plant, have perhaps never been snrpassed. They formed a conspicuous feature in the exhibition, and attracted a number of connoisseurs throughout the day. In the orchids, also, the specimens shown were deserving the highest commendation. The prizes in this class were open to the competition of both amateurs and nurserymen. Each produced some splendid specimens, but it was the opinion of competent judges that on the whole the amateurs had surpassed their professional rivals. The first prizes of 301. each were carried off by Mr. Godney, an amateur, and by Mr. Cuthbert, a florist of some celebrity. The Royal National Tulip Society had a compartment assigned to themselves, in which they exhibited some choice specimens of the rarer kinds of bulbs; but the tulip is a flower which however once highly prized, now attracts hut smal notice in the company of the more elegant and brilliant exoties which have supplanted it, and its lnmediate successor in public favour, the dahlia, scarcely fares mach better in the comparison. In addition to the flowers, the show was enriched with some remarkably fine fruits, including Muscat grapes, cherres, peaches, pines, melons, strawberries, and especially a basket of green grapes of great size andperfection of form. which elcited much admiration, hut seemed particularly sourto the groups of visitors collected in its immediate vicinity throughout the day. The sum of 1,0001. was distributed in rewards to the various competitors. The fte, as a whole, was a decided success, and its repetition in the course of the summer cannot fail to be looked to by all who were present on this occasion with considerable interest.
CRYSTAL PALACE.-O.iE SHa= G DAY, Monday, May 26.-Admissions on payment, 4,880; ditto, by season tickets, 468; total visitors, 5,348. SHARSPEEIANA.-An interestinc assemblage of books connected with the Shaksperian literature, formmg a small portion of M1r. Halliweil's collection, and those used for the first five volumes of his folio edition of "Shakspeare " was disposed of on Friday last, by Messrs. Sotteby and Wilk-inson, of Wellingtonstreet. There was great competition for - the more curious articles, amd a list of a few prices obtained may be interesting to some of our readers, especially as serving to indicate the value attached to all early illustrations of the works of our national poet. Among the quarto editions of Shakeneare'sylays were the " idsummer Night's Dream," 160f, which sold for 171. 6s.; the "Merchant of Venice," 1400, 371.; "The Merry Wives of Windsor," 1619, 16I.; "King Lear,". 1608, 221. l0s.; "Richard theThird," 1598, '81. 6s. * the "Paritaine, orthe Widow of Watling-streete," 1'.07, first edition, 181. 15s.; a fieryfne copyof the "Sonnets," 1609, partially infacsimile, 411. ; the "Rape of Lucrece," .655, iwitls the excessively are portrait of Sha?sspeare, 25. LOs.; *an imperfect copy of tie first folio edition of 1623, with very early MS. notes, produced 391. .Anion$_the miscellaneous pieces may be noticed, "Shylock's Frophesie," 1607, which realized lOl. Es., Armin's " Two Maids of Mortlake," i60), Bl. 12s. 6d; Davies's " Microcosmos," 1603, 71. 7s. ; Ben Jonson's " Every man out of his Humour," '600 an unknown edition, 101 the "T 2sque of Augures," 1621, 121.; Lodge's "Wits Mliserie," 1596, 51. 2s. fd.; Summer's "Last Will and Testament," 1600, 71. 18s.; tic play of " Nobody and Somebody," with the woodeut mentioned in the " Tempest," 131.13s. The day's sale realized the sum of 7101. 6s. On the previous day were sold, by the same aucgioneers, some curious books, illustrated with early wood.cpTs, and some rare productions of Camoens, the first edition I ofvhose works pronuced 141., and the second, printed in I the _me year, 111. lls, and on Saturday -occurred some bookf a very remarkable character, that had been coll6cted <ftjug 4',xe reign-of James L- The following may be cited - j&gie of-the more curious examples -Shakspeare's ,ape 1 ',Vrce," 1616, imperfect, 231: lOs. Shakspeare's {{Venns, ,4917 10.s Weever's "Eirror of MEar yrs" 271. *-Xagtus and .ArciaelausX"301. ; "England's elicon," first' eu'i63 31Z; ;_"Foole upon Foole; a Merre '2 1.c r s were consideredvery high. rimet," 54 0~ ~ '~.4y 2000. intheaggregate. The three days br~ought >fyt01mtegrgt - FIRST .REPQRT OF TH .CCLESISTLCL COMMTTEE.-The first ert o£the , °O Committee of the House of Commons abpomtedrto inq i9e ito the4resent constitution of the Ecclesiasticl jnismi§On for England was published yesterIay. e e itteCmerely report theminutes of evidence takcen by 'them, ~~~inc g-the testimony of theEarl of Chichestes, :r. .. Cilalk, Afr . J. Smith, Mr. Chytor, MIr. J. G. Shaw v3;efevre, Me' r. Psakinsdrn, the 11ev. Lord J. Thynne, and other gentlemesl 2e evidence fll b Xuo-ebook Qf 240 pages anld upwards.
- -HrHILHAPONIC COZcEBTS. The fourth concert (last night) began with that beautifal svm hony in D minor which Spohr destined expressly forthe Philharmonic Society-how many years ago may be gathered from the fact that it ranks "'No. 2" among, the tight which are published. Perhaps not one of his or6hestralworks exhibits more happily the peculiarities of his. style. The secondsymphonywaswrittenwhen Spohr was young and full of enLthusiasm, producing music con anore rather than in obedience to a-fixed principle which he afterwards adopted, of devoting certain hours of the forenoon methodically to composition, whether inspired or not inspired. Every movement is interesting, while each has an individual chitracter-not always the case, by the way, - with one who, more than any of the great musicians, is apt to repeat himself, and to present the same ideas over and over again under ingeniously contrived disguises. The first allegro is very fine and passionate; the larghetlo, in B flat, has not been surpassed in melodious loveliness by any-, thing of the author's; it is, so to say, as clogged with sweets as "those heavy winged thieves" (Shelley's sinile for bees) with honey. lhe scherZo and trio stand foremost among the many movements of this class to which Spohr has given birth ; and in thefinaZe the tuneful plfululness of Haydn is combined with the .xomantic orchestral colouring of the modern school. It was a genuine t.rat to hear this rare specimen of a genius only separated by some subtle distinction, impossible to define, from the very highest, and which never declared itself: in a more emphatic and captivating manner. The other symphony was the erless Jupiter, in which Mozart seems to have set bmself the task-as though in mockery-of transcending all the inventions of contrapuntists. And yet the fugued last movement is as free and graceful as it is per excingly elaborate. To: dance in fetters, however, was nothiung to the composer of Don Juan. Both Spohr and Mozart received ample justice from the band, under the direction of Professor Sterndale Bennett, who was nurtured in such music, and is as intimately acquainted with it -as any kapellmeister living. The overtures were A Mzdsumzmer Night's Dream and Fidelio. We wish we could speak of the wonderfully imaginative piece of Mendelssohn aswe have spoken of the two symphonies, but unfortunately we are unable. The overture to A Midsutnmer vigh's Dream was executed with almost unexampled carelessness. Such a performance, indeed, so familiar a piece, and by a band with the lofty pretensions of the Philharmonic, was not to be defended under any pretext. There were two instrumental concertos. The first was Beethoven's in G, for pianoforte with orchestral accompaniments, which was played with infinite spirit and a taste irreproachably classical by Herr Otto Goldachminit. The slow movement, especially, was so genuine a performance that it would havebeen hypercritical to look for anything better. The finale was less successful than this, and than the first alegro, since it wanted characteristic lightness of touch, and what is conventionally termed "hrio." Herr Goldschmidt was cordially received, and loudly applauded at the end of each movement. The unrivalled mechanism, tone, and expression of Signor Piatti, could not succeed in rendering effective the composition which was allotted to him last night. Haydn's concerto for violoncello, with orchestral accompaniments, is one of tLose works with whichtime has been busiest. The composer was discoursmg in the common-placephraseolegy of his day, and what he then said was no more worth preserving than an after-dinner speech. This concerto was evidently not a work of love, bnt of expediency. It is tame and spiritless from first to last, and much of it not merely descends to the trivial, but-lower still-to the vulgar. The perrquge is everywhere apparent-not that neat and comelywig in which musicians delight to contemplate with veneration the precise old master, but a pigtail fit for an epicier. Haydn, like Mozart, was often obliged to write to order, ad captandunm, but ho had not, like Mozart, the gift to accomplish such a labour invariably with elegance. The violoncello concerto, in short, was not worth disinterring, and Signor Piatti's playing was thrown away upon it. The vocal music-except the " Quis est homo" from Rossini's Stabat Mlater (sung by Mesdames Clara Nrovello and Viardot)-was dull. The recitative and aria from Cimarosa's SacrtJizio eVAbramo (Maldame Novello) was no doubt a grand bramntra piece for the sopran.i of Cimarosa's period, but it is scarcely endurable now. The invocation to hatred from Gluck's Arenida-" Venez haine implacable" (Madame Viardot)-is more impressive than the other in a pure musical sense, but it is essentially stage declamation, and loses more than half its effect in a concertroom.
OLYMUPIC THEATZ. Mrs. Stirling reappeared last night as Mistress Anne Bracegirdle in the version of Ti iddt4, entitled the f&agedy Qzteen. This has always been one of her most strildng characters, the transitions of the actress from the reigning belle of fashion to the woman of coarse and vulgar manners, and again to the declaimer of that sort of rhymed tragedy which Dryden endeavoured to plant -upon the English stage, affording her at once an oppor- tunity for a broad display of her versatility, as well as for many indications that a being of genuine benevolence remains unchanged beneath the varying surfaces of assumed vulgarity and artificial po . Mr. Emery gives a new interpretation to the father of Mrs. Bracegirdle's victim, by marking him out as a Puritan relic of the Commonwealth, andthe peeping out of the natural mnanthrough thestarched mannerism of the sturdy citizen of Banbury excited much amusement. BIiss F?anny Teruan is a pretty and intelligent representative of MErs. Bracegirdle's coquettish abigail. Tlwhe costumes and mniss en sc8ne are on as liberal a scale as if the piece were entirely new.
HAYMEARKET THEATRE. The amusing French Vaudeville Un (laiier des Dames, which was one of the most popular pieces at the St. James's Theatre during M. Ravel's engagement there some three years ago, has at last found its way into an English dress, and so attired has been produced at the Haymarket, with the title lVie Rig7ds and Wrongs of Woman. Mr. Buckstone is the chivalrous gentleman, who devotes himself to the emancipation of ladies from the yoke of tyrannical husbands, and in the course of the piece assumes the ignoble garb of a footman, to watch over the interests of the particular lady who is the immediate object of his solicitude, and who is represented by the elegant Miss Talbot. The various fortunes of the compromising bundle of letters that finds its way into the box which seems per. petually divorcedcfrom its key create as much mirth on the English as on the French stage- and 3r. Buckstone's command over the risible muscles of his audience is as despotic as usual. Without repeating incidents with which most of our playgoing readers must be familiar, we may just remind them that, in point of ingenuity, this is one of the happiest little pieces of the Palais Royal v7epertoire.
THE LYCEUM THEATRE. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-The letter in Tkie Times of to-day signedl "A. Walter Arnold" is a forgery, and I shal feel obliged by your forwarding me the original document, -with a view to my tracing the writer. The Lyceum Theatre is let to Mr. Dillon, as stated by that gentleman in his advertisements in your journaL Your obedient servant. A. W. ALNOLD. Golden-square, May 26. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In answer to a letter, which I have every reason to believe is a forgery, published in your journal to-day, I beg leave to say the lease of the Lyceum Theatre is drawn up in the names of A. Walter Arnold on the one part, lessor, and Charles Dillon on the other, lessee. 3~Ir. Johnson, Cflancery-lane, is the solicitor on behalf of Mr. Arnold; MIessrs. Guillaume and Tanquleray, of Old Broad-street, are solicitors on my part. The insertion of these facts will confer a favour on, Your most obedient servant, CHARLES D O.N. .uagie xavein, uty-road, Alay 26.
WARE ROCKET-STICKS. TO THE B EDITOE OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I saw -it stated some time since that Government had wisely determined not to make use of tin rocket-cases for the approaching pyrotechnic display. Supposing that the commonfete rocket will be used, I wish, through your columns, to warn all intending spectators of the serious accidents which may occur from descending "rocketsticks." Hyde Park on the night of the 29th will have 2 carpet of upturned human faces; "rocket-sticks" must fail somewhere, and, should one happen to fall, point downwards, on any unfortunate gazer's face, a very serious wound would be the result. - I witnessed a very distressing accident to a lady last year from this cause. She had one tooth knocked out, and both lips cut completely through, and she will carry avery ugly scar to her grave. Your obedient servant, E. S. E.
THE FnEiWonRKs.-Upwards of 400 ambulance alld artillery waggons left Woolwich arsenal last week for London,-laden 'vith the wooden frames and fireworks to be erected in the parks. Last evening about 50 otbezs were despatched, which wil nearly complete the transport of everything re ulsite for the evenngs display. The arrangements willbe under the control of the arsenal aulthorities from Woolwich, assisted by a number of artillerymen for the fireworks. These will commence with the appearance of certain standing piecss illuminated with white lights, and the attractions will be precisely equal in each of -the parlks. TE Mmmororn- SOvTERN- IVLr DRAINGE ScHErE.-Yestorday, the Metropolitan Board of Works anived at a decision, after a protracted discussion, lasti' five or six days, first in committee with closed doors, an: then in open meeting, on the scheme for carrying out the main dnuiage on tho south side of the Thames, recently proponnded to them by Mr. Baza3gette, their engineer. Tlhemotion of -Mr. Carpinael, approving the scheme, was eventually carried on a division by 22 against 7. Several amendments, having reference to the place of ontfaU into the Thames, including one of hiajor Lyon, the object of which was to fix it seven miles further dowvn the river than Plunitead, the point selected by the engiaeer, were lost on a show of hands. 1ThrRInEsN2ATIoN OF LIciELD.-The electionl of a member to reprmsent this city in Parliament, in the room of Lord W'aterpark, resigned, is appointed for Friday next. Lord Sandon, who comilenced his canvass yesterday moran ing, is the only candidate ySt in the field, and there appears tote no robability of an cnpo.sitlion. A strong feeling is, nevertheless, expressed at t-he ;t being considered a pocket borough, at the disposal of Lord- 3ch7field. *E.XTORDINARY SALB OF' SD *VS--Thie Lynchburg Virjiuiiais. records the sale of a lot 33neroes there, on Thursday, at the followving high prices -.tfhadrich, about xt) 9^>r~~~~~~~~~~~e ^, ln.-"^ r.7.E_h0(1,:11
* LEGISLATIVE LIFE AZ' TVASHINGTON. (From the Washhington Stkr, 3May 8.) To-day, shortly after 11 a.m., P. T. Herbert, a Californiamember of the House. of Renresentatives of the United States, went over to breakfast at Willard's Votel, wbeie he takes his meals, a*d sent aboy from the breakfast-room for his breakfast. In four or five minutes after a portion of his breakfast was sEt before him, and the boy then told him that at that hour it -would be necessary for him (the-boy) to get an order from the office to have a breakfast sent up from the kitchen. Herbert told the boy to " Clear out, you Irish son of a b-.' He turned round to- another waiter, Thomas Keating, who was standing near by, and exclaimed, " And you, you damned Irish son of a b-, clear out, too." The answer of Thomas Keating was not comprehended by our informant (an eye-witness). Herbert, on being answered' by Thomas, rose and struck him on the neck behind -with his fist. Thomas Keating seized a plate and threw it at Herbert.. Herbert seized a chair and threw it across the round table at TliomasEeating, striking him with it. - T .TThey then clinched and' fought. Another Californian, whoso name we have not heard, came in at the door-and ran to Herbert's assistance, and also strack Thomas Keating with a chair. Patrick Keating, the brother of Thomas (and the steward of the house), at that time coming into the room, ran to his brother's assistance and seized Herbert, who immediately drew a revolver. The other Californian at that time was striking both the Keatings with a chair. As Herbert drew his revolver Patrick Eeating seized it by the barrel, andthey struggled over it for some moments until the French cook of the house came in and separated Herbert and P. Keating, who let go his hold of the pistol barreL Thomas Keating and the other Californian were mingled in that particular part of the fray between Herbert and Patrick. After Patrick let go the barrel of the revolver Herbert seized Thomas (who had clinched him and was struggling for the pistol) by the collar, and, putting the pistol to his breast, shot him throngh' the longs, killing him in five minutes. - After the shot* one of the other servants threw a I piece of china ware at Herbert, but none of the others inter- fered. Herbert and his Californian companion left the room and house immediately by the Fourteenth-street door, where Herbert took a hack and drove away. Subsequently he delivered himself up at the office of Justice Daniel Smith, in E:ighth-street. Bis examination for killing Thomas Keating, aged about 34 or 35 years (who leaves a wife and two children), will take place at the guardhouse at 4 p.m. this afternoon. Messrs. Bradley and Carlidle are counsel for Herbert. - The two Keatings were civil men, and were favourites with the boarders in the house. *This account of the affiuy we take from the lips of one of the servants, an aged man, who saw all of it. TELEGRAPriC. WAs=GTO,, May 9, 10 p.m. Tho examination of MIr. Herbert on charge of shooting Thomas Reating at Willard's Hotel, was resumed this evening. The court-room was densely crowded. District-Attorney Key asked for a postponement of the case, stating that at his instance Secretary Marcy had solicited Mr. Dabois, the Netherlands Minister, -who saw the occurrence, to attend as a witness, but Mr. Dabois decined doing so at present, wishing first to consult with other members of the Diplomatic Corps. Mr. Key remarked that, foreign Ministers being exempt from process in such cases, Mr. Dubois must attend voluntarily, if at all, and there was no probability of his attendance until to-morrow. The counsel for the defence opposing a postponement, the sitting justices ordered the examination.to proceed. Arnold Harris, John B. Reynolds, Major Graham, and William A. Gardiner were examined for the defence. Mr. Gardiner is the Californian who was in company with Her. bert when the difficulty occurred, and with whose pistol Herbert shot Keating. IMr. Gardiner and Mr. Herbert lodged together, and the latter, as Mr. Gardiner states, took the pistol from the mantelpiece of their room on the evening preceding the occurrence. Mfr. Gardiner gave a graphic description of the fight, in which he was a prominent actor. MIessrs. Bradley, Weller, Percy, Walker, and Phillips ad dressed the Court in favour of the discharge of the prisoner. District-Attorney Keyreplied on the part of the prosecution, the question of bail entering largely into his argument. After a session of five hours the prisoner was remanded to the custody of the United States' Marshal, the Court stating that they would render their decision to-morrow.
SUcUraR CAsE OF So myN urI1u - About 2 -Wclock on Sunday morning, the IStli inst., the servant girl at±he Duke of Wellington, St. Mary-street, Swansea, was aroused from her sleep by : continuous screaning, which seezed to be that of a womsan The noise also swoke the host and hostess, Mr. and Mr,. Marvely. The servant haviug got up, opened a window which looked raponthe :back piemises, wen the screzSg appeared to proacd, and intimfted that if the noise did not cease, as it was disturbing the wholeneighbourhood, she would fetch a policeman. It was at this time raining and blowing very vehemently. ,A. man's voice, which appeared *o come from the oof, -instantly replied, "For God's sake, dc fetch a policeman." The servant girl then, by the directi4n of her master and mistress, who had by this time got usp, wvent to the police station and returned with some officers. A ladder was procured from the late premises of Messes. Matthews, and mounted first by Mfr. Marvelly, who laid hold of a man <-bo was standing on the roof near a chimney. He had on his night dress *only, a nightcap; nightgown, and dr;wers, and was drenched to the skin. In agitated tones he entreated M1r. Mlarvelly to hold him fast. Having reached the ground he Eeid that he had been robbed, and his mnind appeared evidently ,wandeng. He was taken to the Castle Hotel, where it w3s ascertained that he had been staying. His chamber door, which was locked, was burst open, and the window found thlrown up. His money was, of course, found to be all right. The somnambulist is, we hear, a 3r. Griffiths, a commerWl traveller from Tredegar. When first spoken to after being: rescued from his fearful position, he stated tnat he hail b'-n drinking a little too much over nicht.. He mnust have gone to bed, and have risen up in a state of somnambulism, opened the window, vhence he descended a depth of about zeven feet on the roof of some stabling belonging to the Cast'le, thence he succeeded in getting on to the roof of the Duke of Wellington It is supposed that upon awaking from his sleep and feeling his great danger, he commenced the screaming whicn aroulsed the servant girl. Mr. Griffiths left Swanse the same norning.-Swlansse Herald. fAdvertisement.]-The editors of the " Cottage Gardener" are i uai5aseriesof "Manuals for the I&ny," adinby adapted for isf-tncsction in the pursuits upon -which j,±ey treat. Te followr iag are noir ready:-No. 1, Girening for the M,"Y,- price 3d.; No. 2, Ai-slotmentVinningfortbe any," price 3d. - , 3, Bee-keeping for tee fany,' rice d.; No. 4, *Greenhouses or the tsay I giribg directions for t h construction, ,ieating, and nan oreenhouses of the xaallest and argestdirnoeioe, with a montbIyS2Od5r of, operations, prlse fid.-to be followedl bIohrpatis 5~ ou IPedrtd°n,Pedrt~ 6d,n tabdndbe made to gentlemen an.w clapymen requiring 6 number of eopies for distfbution. ro&lto44ree bS' 120, or1ij F)i5 COttI4O (B-deetice, 20, Patesnoeterrw. |
SALES BY AUCTION. Periodical Sale: established 1S01-ValuableLife Policyfor£500. 4R. SHUTTLEWORTH will SELL by AUO- NIT TION, at the Mart, on Friday. June 6. at 12. a POLICY for tho SUM of £2,500, with accumulations, effected vith the Globe-offlice in 1838 thelife of a genitlenman, now aged 6&-L Charel-place, Poultry. Goldan4 Copper-MiniDgShares. 1IUR. JOHNSON wil SELL by AUCTION, at the L7LCit AutonRooms, No. 39. Gracechurch-street, To-morrowe May 28 at exact tim. 7.910FORIFEITED SIARES in the ONDON and VIRGIN'IA GOLD and COPPER 1I%IIING COMPANY en 7,7:0 of wvhich lie. Sd. have been paid. and on 200 ofhvhich 10s. per share have beeunaid. :For pesticulars apply as above, or at the offlce of tl,e Comnpany. 34, Lime-street. Bine Collection of Fosils, Miusralo, Coins, and Tokgens, choice Cabinet Pictures, Ibbra-y ofScientificWorks, Pate Furniture, Brougham, M BAR. NE WSON begs to annoUnCe that the entire per. iIsonadPROPERtTY of theiB ev. Thomn linage deceasede wi1 bo LD. without reserve, ath Sthe Rctry, W^hepoead,i qnear Bury St. Edmnd'. 0 Thrsdy. he 9thof ay, an folowng ays. Cataloguas at the Bedford Hlotel, Coven-garden; and of the auctioneer. BurysSt. Bdmumd'6. ..- - Well-made modern Furniture and Effects. 1-R. GEO. ROBINSON wil SELL, at his Roomis, M.21, Old Bond-street,' THIS DAY. May 27. at IZ F1I;NI.- TURE, &. wlhich compirisebedsteadsandbeddlng. chests ofdawers, wingedsaid other wardrobes, waasIts.nds, dressing tables and glwsers, a rosewood drawing room suite, a 63,octave planotorte by Broadwood amd-Sons. dining tables and ehairs; pedeotalsidebbard, couches, -wri-irng. tahles, curtains and carpets, chimney-glassa, easy chairs, sbop fitthins, and a rarity of effects, May be-viewed the day prior and catalogues had. Melton-street, Euston-square.-Good Household Fumiure, Silver Hunting Watch. and numerous Effects IESSRS& PEARSALL andJOEDEN will SELL LLby AUCTION, at 25; Melton-street, eon Wednesday, June 4, at 12 for l,the HOUSEHOLD FURtNFITURE- romprietug nofasaud couches, mahogany- tables and cbhiris, carpets and curtaims prime feath"r beds, bedsteads, hair mattresscs, chests of drawers, ava5htands and fittings, good bedding,chtua-andgias.siuether effects. Mfay b^viewed the day previousto,and3morningofthecsa,le,and catalogueshadon the prem tees, aud of the auctioneers, at their offices. 1 Bernard-st., Ruseell-sq. Capital Investrnent,Cambribdgee-eet, Islingion, and Iawvley Villas, Ciamden-own. .TIISwill SELL by AUCTION, at the HIS DAY. May 27. at 12, TWO snbstantially-bunilt HOUES,plesanly itute.Nos 9 nd 9,C-.imbridge-etreet, Lower. r13nElead, ingin. let highly respc9ta3bletlenacn^ts, at _6. and beldf6e about S6 years. at £8 Per annum: also, No. 4 and 6, Hawley rll7as, Camden-tow,n,hitisert let at £18- held for about 78 years. at low ground rents. 1srticnlabm at the M'art: of H. Quick, E5q., Elyplace; and Mrr. imr's offices, 93, Regent-street, and Sl, Charlottestreet. Fitzrry-scsnnre. Glasscutter, Pluraber. aud Painter's Stuck, Iron ChesS Piano. Pie. tures, Spring Van, Cart, and Furniture; also the Icaoe an3 Good R . UND ERIIAY has received insructioDns froi k the Assignees of ,tr. Chamberlain jun.. a banlrupt, to SELL by AUCTION,-on the Premises. 90. Crawford-street, Portmarn-square, TfIIS DAY. May 27. at 12,tbe STOCI; in TRADE and HOUSEHSOI D FUPW1T.URE; comprising about 20) cmeo as, stained and oros,mental glaes, oil. turps, coloiurs, plusber's brass wvork, pumps, basins, and taps, trade fittings, and effects; also a few lots of excellent household furniture. Tobe viewed the day before the sale, and catalogues to be had on the premises: and at kr. Underhay's offices, 9, Upper laker-street. Regent's-park. 1-7jR. %IcDONALD's ORDER of SALE, at the Y .L art. THIS DAY (Tuesdayl) May27, at 12 for l precisely:- p Long Leaselhold Premises, Nos. S and 9, Upper Weymonth-street, Portland-place. 2. Leasebold Premises. Nor. 16 and 17, Preston-strect, St. Pancras. 3. A vrell-built Residence, 45, Sandwrich-street, Burton-crescent. 4. An eight-roomedI Iouse, vith Shop, 1, Carlton-terrace, Harrow-- road. 5. Two Villa Res!dences, 83 and 85, Westbourne-park Villas. 6. Six Houses. Nos. 43 to 48, 'William-street, Nouting-hill. Auction offices, 41, Bsaker-street, Portruan-rquare. A Collection of Ancient and modern 2ictures from the Country. XR. PHILLIPS is instrLcted to SELL by AUC- TION, at bis Roours, New Bond-street. THIS DAY. 27th inst. at 1 precirely,ai COLLEC11ION of pleasing CABINET and GAL.LERYV PICTURES, selected from t-he severai schools of ancient art; also a number of works by modem rnglish paintersand several portraits by Romney. Northcote. Jackson, &e. The ancient works include examples b)the followingartistesad theirdi5ciples:- Parmegiano iackhnuysen. Netscher De Heem * nuionto Srydes Segera Wel'dens Guerino S. Russdael Van HuYsum Lotens. Those of the modern schools areby Etty, Rt.A. Romney Haydon Stothard Hilton Northeote Conway Jackson, ac. .May be viewed and cetalogues now had. Ana Asemblage of capital modern Furniture, in excellent condition, - Chiomsey-glasses, Pianoforte, and numer3us useful articles of Fans- ture, beinig the genumine Stock of a Cabinetmaker, and removed for convenlence of sale, which will be sold under circumstanceepre.cltding all reserve. , UG-USTUS SMIITH will SELL by AUCTION A at his Roons, 255. Blackfrisrs-road, near the bridge.THIS DAY May 27, at 1 for 2 prompt. the capital modern FIRNIT UBRE, in excel. lens condition; couiprisingseta of walnut-tree, rosevood. and mahogany chaitr. sofas, couches, and easy chairs. loo, tari, occasional, an d seels of dininig tables, chimney and pier glasses, pianoforte, four-post antd Arabian bedstead, mahogany chest of drawers, marble-top washstands, and muneroun useful articles. May be Tiewedl on M,onday antecedentto and morning of sale, and catalogues had at the rooms as aboove. Tottenhasm, Middlesex-Valuable Freehold Iand.-By Messrs. JONAS and THOMAS PAXTON, at Garrawasy's. on Monday, June 9. at 12, siibject to such conditions as will be then produced, LO m.ost productive Plots or Parcels of Meadowv *_T Land. situne i the open field caled T ttenham 35ar6ses, Mid. diesex, in the occupation of Mr. William Wilt6hire Hill, who has held the same as tenant forunward5of 40Yeanr. at thelow rent of 45per annum, and are bounded by lands now or late 'oelonging to rr. Himt and 'Jr. Sparkes, and dLitinguished by the boundary post -inscribed with the initials J. J. G., the particulars and quantitics of which are as followr:-No. on titlhe map 12 situate in IMitchley Marshb contents, la. 2r, ISp.; No. 46. situate o'n Common Pitch Shoot in Wild Marh.b 7a. 2r. 27p. Tota.1, a. 1r.ip. For further narticulare apply to Messrs Tindal and Baynes, solicitors, Aileobury, Backs; orto the auctioneers, Bicester. Oxon. Highlynimportent to Printers. MJESSRS. HEPPER and SON are favoured with IlL iiistrsctions to SELL by AU,CTION, at their Commercial Sale Rooms, Trinity-street. Leeds. -on Thursday. May 29. the following valuable 3IACINE;S and PRESSES;:-One double royal doiible cylinder Perfecting printing -machine, -with rollers stocks, and rollersnoulds (by Dryden, of Lonflon). a very valuable lot; a ruper-royil Scandinavianplaten ditto, w,iththe'usssalappendlages, a 'd suitable for hand or stearm powrer; one. exedlent demy Britannia printing press: two planiug machines. fitted wIth cutters, loose hesds, and every sUFlqusslte for the nanufactuire of brass rule: alo a quantity of printing inks, of various colours. Tbe above vey -superior macbines and pre6ses are wellfinished, and of such a character thatthe auct.oneces can with c.onhdence- reeommend them to the- attention- ofthe tnvleP Maybe viewed-en Wednesday, the 2Sth. The sale-will open at ll o'clocklin-the forenoon. - -- 51. Denbigh-street, Warwick-square, Pimios, ou the Belgravia RFlate. - 1. -Capital substantil Furnitnre and Effects. M R. G. BEST hab : received instructions from J. G. _ Mayhew, Esq., to'DISPOSE OP by AUCTION, THIS DAY, May27, at i2 for 1, the FURNITURE and EFFECTS of the above reaidence, comprising Arabian, four-post, and iron bedsteads, beds and bedding, toilet and cheTal glasses, mrblwe-Sop washrtandsoand dreseir-t tables, wardrobes, -drawers, &c.;- the drawing room is furnieshed. in walnut, covered in handsomne French silk damas (crimson and golniQ comprising a suite of 12 chairs, two lonmges, two easy chairs, IDo. card, and occasional tales; chimney glasses, girandoles. engravings, and ornassental items, bronzes, c.; tShe diningroom of Spansh mahogany chairs, orvered inmorocco, dining tables, sileboerd, open bookcase, c.; the domestic olice iare all fited up with theusualrequsite. On view PlarIday and morning of sale. Ca'talogueg en the premises; of iMlessr. Ma1ybewv and Salmon, soliritors. 30, Great George-street, Westninste-r; ad of Shleauctioneer, 5. Roc-se -er-ter-ce, Vauxhall-bridge-road. - Middlesex-Fveehold Estato and Residence, at Ashf.-rd. 1fE3ESSRS. CRAWTER will- SELL by AIYCTION, kLat Garraway's, on Tuesday, June 3, at I precisely, by direction of the Desisees-i-Tnrut unde r the will of the late Charles Stein. Esq., a 'ubgtant1alVILIZV; RESIDENCE, recently built. at considerable cost, by tbe' lato John Stein, Eaq., in the Elizabethan ettle, a convenient homestead, six cottages adcli6acres-azaoommodationland of frsat rate qublity and condition, with extensive frontages to the road between Ashford and Felthan.; well adspted for bulldin, purposes or marlket garde;ung, all in hand, and ellghle either for occupatiOn or ins-esiment, with prospective advantages, and within one hour's ride o! the MIetropolis. Parlinldaa and plans can boehad It 4tays pnior to tJe tale of Mr. Win. Dyson. telicilor, 39, Chancery-lano; at Garrawvays: atY M-Dinlren'a-the bailiff, at Ashfossl Iwo wll chow the eetate) ;the principl tns atWiOndor, -Richmnond, Statues, HfanweUl, Felthaite; and of -Messrs - ra*ter, eiireyor5- hlael -agents, he.. 5, Bedford-rowv, aind The Rectory and Vicarage of Elsenham,Easex. - l-W SSB . .IJMICS,''SE R E R4 and SUMI- 31ERS have bfvofaTourd fowith instmucions rom the Trustees for Sale under the Will of the late Rer. Thomas Canning. to submit -by-AUCTION, at1o M a-t, endon, - on ITefdat-Juae 3, at 12 o'dlocl, in three lots, the IMU'ROPRlIAtE RtECTORY or PARS ON. -AGE of ELS NHALt, with the Manoe--of the Rectory, and-the Beetorial Tithe Rent-charge, commuted at £448 lOs. per a-nnum,and about one acre and a half of rectorial glebe land; al the PerPetual Advowoos. and next Prescataten:o±theVicarWa ef-Elsenham, including the excelent residence, with lawn ardens, e., together with the lithe rent-chre, commuted -at X168 pek annum. AudneftrlY4 acres of ai-able and pasture glele land, of firstrate quality. now let at upwards of £91 per annuml. The present incumbent is in his 78th-year. The-pariah- coniains F.825 acres, and the pomplation in 1851'wa 517. Elscnbarn as situate in. a highly respectbe la neighbourbood.-in a favonrite-. Part of the county- of Fve.on the: Cambridge I;e !of the Tastes-n Counties Raila4y, 37 mletsfrom Loandon, 20 fro C Cambridge, S from Saffron -Walde. 4nd t; from Birisbop Sterford. The vicarag2 ~house iswithin 10 inutesj'walk'of he railwaystatGon, and may be ;viewved at awny time previous to the scale, by cards, to be had on applxa ~tion-to the enctioueer.~ Pauticulets, ith conditions, may -be had 21 -dayesS prior d to he sle, fat tdhe Stuar oe, IclsOxford; Bull CaLmbridg2e: Saffron Waldenl; D)imidole Anns, EfertfonI; at the Aucetion Mfart; ci eIsrso. Parker and L ee, solicitors, 18, St. Paul:l ChurchIard.LBondonoaf-3ty.- JohnmoSat Richardsn, solfcitor,:-et Hahan RSecta ass o! thie auUotce,Biabhop Sntict(ed, Hetei By Ord-Of ~be GreatNorthemn Railway Coiupany.-clparance Sale.- FaW-Mge ancl Gods D=ntset.. RB. GODDARI) W x- SELy AU`TTON7q at the arm. Goods $tatioo adn-lane, King's-_crosa, THIS DAY, Ma~ly 27,l at 1lZ thO UXCLTATMEDI PROPEFTY, including t0 mew reletmible cots, -carnna apparel of allkid, dn4 mblla% Fpat s~, raa way avaPpees blankets. drug rhubarb, copr:zleooA 2dzn) wine, jar SaladL oil casks of ale, red Idad, leather, carpe, oil cloth. Pr~ik,y--.vcl,fa ;barirca. raps, and various maisceflaneoula effecun To be 'viewed the day previously&O d morning of sale. Cataaogues lad-at the, station, a" Maiden-31MO; ard- at Xz.Goldards ofiEces, 54, Colemar-street, dty. MR. GODDARD will SELL by AUOTI0tj at thle .LL Mrt Ohueda, Jne7,at12. a LEASEHOLD FA=IY Eous~. e. 3, Crhur -stat.rortiand-eoad, let at the Irw rental of £50 pe asu;lse35ersunexpired; fromed renxt, £6 ls, o h viwedby ermssin, artculars may he had at tie Mar, ad a Mr Gddad'sodie, i.Coleman-stretth * Westnnserbridge-roa -L-.-aho'd S_hop, at a Pesperon ~_NJR. GODD-ARD will SELL bY AUCTION at the VUMsrt. on Tuesday, June 17, a' 12. a corner SHOP And MFELLING-HOUSE, let to M1r. Hollandl. a general dealer, at a rental of £2S per annum; term 75 yearsuney,vaired, at al*.erxmr. To beviewed by Permission. Particulars may be obtajuetsoxf Edwin TIL-er,e Esrq. soliei tor, Furnival'a-inn ; At th e Mart ; an,d at 11r. Godd ard's afIke, 55 Coleman-street, city. _ Me~e n.~cu -Absolute Reversions to two Simus of X44 5 eachi, Trepr(n.Ci sols, receivabile at the dcce-ase of a iady, now Aged 72. -IiR. GODDARD has received instructions from t-he LtLlaortgacee unuder P. power of sale, to SELL by AUCTION, at thse Mart, on Tuesdlay, June 17. at 12. in two lats, the above REVERtSIONAItY INTERESIS. Particulars maiy be ottained of IMAsiss Wood and F~rance. solicitora. Falcon-square: of P. H. Carter, 1se., solctor,- Guildford, at the Mart; and At M1r. -Goddard's offces, ti, Coleman-teaect, city. - Vauxhail-road. -Leaseholditesidence. 1~R. GODDARD hns received instructions to SELL --- by AUCTION, a-t thel-Mart. onTuesday, Junel7. atI2, -- genteel RESMDENCE, 55, Ponsanby.place Vatedealronl, Punlco, conatningaine romnsa,and yardlat the rear, intthe occupation of a rrspectable tenant, at areneal of £34 per snsmun.. Held for aterm of 70 years unexpired, t an grourei-rent, of £C5 tsa. To beriesced. rarticularsmaay be obtainedof T. A. Curtis Esq., solic,itor, G luildfard; aLt the Mart;antlat Mr. Go'arnt's o.ffices.54. Colman street, city. Islingtan.-DeEirable Leasehola Property for Investnment, f'rr2ucirg A ze~~~~i53 per annum. i 'nfo - GODDARD has receive i ratnctionr -te3ortgagec to SELL bv AUC-TIOX. at the Marl. onTueda.17th of Juine, at 1i a LEASEHOLD ESTA'TE of FOUEI weln built RESIDENCES -Nes. .5 6 L and S, Nlap ler-tearae, Wellingtonstret, ppershet, llintculi te-ocupaion of respectablIe yss-ly tetnn-iat enraounin t -555l'r orin.anc held for aterm of 30yersuexpred,ataowgoundent Tobe,lowed. P-a-Liculsar may ohadof Mssm Jwimson Sweth-a adJenkins,ru, soalitioms Clemntalan, Lobar-stect~ attheMar; and at -Ur. Goddard's Valuable licrerelonary Iutertnt. b- GODDARD bust received instruestious to SELL bO'UTION. at the- Mrt,onTuiesday. June 17th. tl2 odcoak. AB~SO LUTE REIVERtSIONt to FIVE-.NL\'~THS of a PREEHOLD PROPRTY, knon asMounPleaant,nearPrsdergast, in the The hol esimaed o podue £00 er nnu, ad rceiatle atthe debasdof ghtleau ow ged72.Paricuarsmaybeobtained of G D ReversIonarylInvestuitut, -1~sR GODARD is inbt-tricted bv the Mort-gagee;~ ToL under apower ofsale, to hubmit to AUd27ION, t the las en. Tueday, JunLe 17. at IZ the ABSOLUTE RE%ER8ION' to the Sunm Of £524 14s. 3&. Three per Cent. Conzols, rayable at the deceane of a gentlemman aged il3 ]ret birthiday. Also, the M~oiety of a vested RteTersionary Interest on Two. Houses (No. 5,: MSddelton.square, Ielington. alid 6. WhIters'-bulidinge- Hslohoway), rrGducIge115U peranunuri, And hbOd for terms xespectively of 42 and 55 years unexpired, at grounwi rents of ll0 )er ainnumeachbhouse.- Tote tewed byperirni~ton. Particulars may be bad of .Messr-s. WVooel and Prarc.cs aslicitors, Falconsquare: ritthe Mart; of P. A.-Carter, Esq., solicitor, GoilIfford;, and aht-1r.-Godcdard's offices, 54. Colenmantrcet. Long Leasehold Wine Vaults and Pabllic-bouse, Holborn, 1J.J. J.ORGILL w%ill subiuit to public SALE, at MT.G-arrmway's Coffeehouse, Corhil. TltSg D&JA', Mav the 57,th, ab 12 for 1 o'clock. (unless Previously dlisposed Of,) the LE~ASE and GOODWILL of the RUNNING HOIZSE. prominenitly sitruate at the corner of Lattle Queen-street and P'arker-street, a thort remove from Holbora. A judicious and extensive oatlay lies been recently uadle upon the above property, and they newv po-son,alt the ap-, pliaonrs for eiflciently conducting any amount of trade, The neig..Ii bonrhoo-a is thickly populated. with artisans, and surrounded by factories, whiclh is amply testliled by the presentpa)insentsfar malt liquors trW. h pomye VLls held.b Pulebase,fraln tertminfstear., trilinren-Canbe ie ed byeasl,toulty obta iinedeoftheautiuer seven eatysyfrsioby tortherda of sale and prinE,ted partiru'srats prourleds on thceprabeoffer byPiate Gaswys tteTr' ead In ald Get-OaD;IL at thoe Salmonande Bail ehal nee, oadand th'easecti'seArmsomreliilyOandonspisteeurmro othmconir ofd gonsuprior Wine Vaulegtets ndPblceose,Wsmntr puroeR. Jo d.oRGtILL reaspnbyec,tulls anuncestatt mdayerat1estrade by ogrdery of nnected waieh thisa prletve porotheio (unless antothaccepwaleaLfer,taourivtesoftar,astdb muade), t heLnEaS aobnedGOWL ofit th onsetaluable lic,mit entsedsREiS , en nown aub sTe a-eheKldby Ares,e eliibl arnd onspycoa l sitat a tet(edcdb th e on,!er-o Abtli fagdjoi-teendn College-streem, esatminoute, Cand bme diaeeI y carntis-ontobea LtheNectHoneerssoevrlaent. Th-e abovsote p!e_ie ane puross.N doubtrshcontareadonably exitaseto anetensirve nd rathmurMtsvetadI.neng alwntrayscnetd with thismo propertl, fr thei cprerof !ittetotho wPanioul-aced.rsUn,ad ueoswe-vs comsbined Brwthhercnsa, Ctyroad.c, mut, ncesaOrilyesure such. They lettng o adoinighose)toir -a moderate aout, anb veedb prntdpatculars thy)UIEn LbtvAind ntheOpe.nthePes; atLGs.mwayJs; a theTrkac s itHeadonn,ueOlday.Jene3rad;atltheiSlmonstndlis-ta], Ith naTTINGren-oaf and atbthe auWEioneer . TAPce, i51ncuigew xa,-iret,bm coiner of ltbtOehans-wue-i-crna SUhrpbur rwry,Vl-Na Hous-road.-lrsitrc, CaintinsDa', Cita, Tlate Fitr,ad:E-ffects. ktlicllesbry wllSEL SELLON o the A PCemOss. tHules terrac, mity-road Non 7uesday.plce3, at 12.inIotale Fhthe PLAT and coppe, ath32free-uather mashfn COTTAEr, Fronds,R stillos.tia beor sale andcatlogus hd onthe remses:and of heaucohtion ers, l Ker,ingtm-'Wll andfactued d ,eens.nftac jRCHAURLESR.WAm. iiSELL by AUCT-N o h 3-PI-ION, Non.t , Paremsk- 8 Gr-place, Hih K--se. Hingh'm. athIS DAY,atl- of tfocCirI, the onTeaJneat OTAG aUt 1ITforE, tehndisomneo snoetso chaS.IesyUcoir, sofas,e concstaea. sinde-boards, chineylasses, orossents..tc.~the cean-hambe IttSags iclud inent hmafrdatr(,b chets f dawes, arbe-tp wshaand, tluef gira ssoes, antd the usualculiary nd lstchereqsites Maybe v ewfedthe claypro bah morningof sal, and ctalogus had o the emies: andicet the auctioldnd01c in arwien-couort.ira'sinnth or. o i - z,m-B ofw s-he'ton rth4.hPremnses, 5,yGordn-el7c,at4rintgefbntemthe inltuck asChufrth. on fhpatiueslars Juof3 satle fo th ans mood-AernetNpoiTe the,o ten lOf CarrsIae.adi ecltccus_,r - 5hn-'liand lopiing; mahelolan cHamberi 1amfracttrsituat7-eeatthned osrderhof roseloodtreatwdiregllrooeie in Tamask, handsomechusnev 1and. ate glases lomean sof 705YtetabLes Chabinet, rruon . strtnoets,1 LAt f nsd Houeny din Shellttblet .. mah aye iLeasruomdchaires in LGTresvlaref. handsoehmahog anyrbookcadste, chia lass and effertls. Maycto, ho. Ifstcex-stret, eLondo; o squr. le. i ortr 9,Suhmt New-street, Chniry-nsau, Lon Tedon- fay rG X. JuD!, n-,thelafterno, in Iota, as set forth inIhenparticularsroffstle 13¶OIJR Leasehold Botises andletailsurGopu it lan, aFeeleldHoue ad lanfatoo, stute t Hendanse ofd Mo SSeyRtrSt. irHE -ReeNG TaredreeOld roespectfullnd all theDconertfMsly-stt reeyaraindtsrteltofesble by-street; 16 Le~.as'o thoue in St.heeptstreeto. aundFe, a-ItLleaseoldrousdes,toLoVe-laEe. FuLDparTiuArs, wt ellWtforaHedplaced ind isa furthds nor r arliongh macrestadofmprssrs. famlsarsdene. uponAg an comactses scale,icithor.s, 1 Esex-omstreeptiLodon ofbin- gar.dkleck. psolctr, 19, unth,&Comtna-menetdwt'shi, Bimbrmingham.- artgofwtho-il Hand i wo 4lsths; or ofth Frehld estidenDe,wripthv PartircuarsLarse . ardeparlasure Anround,h and Land, very pleasantly sinaaitlla~ t HERRING and itSOendresdetfuliyvaanILL aouno tht thy ar insructd tooIlr by publ:e toC1( tie5t lenkt erreaes oliesgent!paraing,Fgrdn, peaure, O rigina isai.tin.. eRas- Ceth ith timbe ofBixrdsRiant growthl, andoinherhgest stateo AutvaTion. .Decriptie4prtcuar aeiLf-.ovn ;ar,rpsaon. sud, asc the estatelessable r coNNsideal ofrontag toE E (loll gee, as wll as to aoreailrad ledngit the Fwe u ingebrsley-r oadfti redee hc ossinghlvle-f stbled for builrding r-ptileas. and sh:mtpreventsustrong claems,tts abitteDantiongsofwatprcaer,either forvdnis. an or inamels irsnt. Mgay hno -oriewed byamtngde fMres th Uaucatineer~sbolr, and particf ourSzio ar 2 andSos Ot Olliu, Flee-sreet.oos,rrodcin;bcr1tfriue corsk-terrfarac,Ieewon dria-a-k-ng iiixtu.Orgncal P,oatec..aingo, Rare talecabina&oets, Birds, cbeptoier, IwnsUets, andofleeruETcs. ln1L wt ACION.onwJune 4, mloanyd ,inoing lays d itnon the P remice.th stfedrfom,ieigbrds, repiles,and, nse-sts varloushcriensitends,a abuti 70 pantins, wter-olou draings andenames,o drnzl.din (la lue orignalpaitin, Mry agiaen ~.singtheFes ofi ourtiaviour,ze tlS.cdmoutbs, ihc-ases,f cleion.-ers, two JAbIIEt HiUofaOtis, r chin-u glasses, wndo-crtaint, ua' hegnyRia-.Iee r soeed. seting osti froilTure, edaroo item inb mayhof renyt, tpr-pasel t s idother bedteasaidfunitures, ceanbeddng wincedt wartelsobes, hests of draw & r., coressing tDablesand tlases, andc o lnuceou nowhers %item hieb.fr.ur elarn, iCn mheorningsionofsae Jataoges hadmofA.m. FSih sq., (AofMso 1Llcitoh2r.5, pgebok z and officr. l his,15 hare bn- isn ateatLm ard.tsc1t.wti h Charl es B. ars,anti.to thih ae Itowsir Yexce-Hetrepa irm, one Ethurtedanty. thsin grhoyJund.oerokn g t,peibeyach a Siminltea and cau ma L thatrsubstlnantiallyvws b iand d,eautghtftolly sitatef( ATha bosiee wit arneWits gavrdens. id tiasre torou veneh,containingo upwards corforthre ars of lmaind, rurne-beall 1itbehy for dMaNy Lgearr.in laitfew yers, nd hic ar nowin xcemen orepair.hare s.ituate,o Vachoria sotriksr, Bristol Taro fWbitre. whichg ismoern anal Dink - lanufaeiory.-ly Mr. H. 1. EARLE- 'in cofeeqeserce o-f the death of Mar. Robert VWalker, the owner andl oLcopisri. at the Be-veoley ATras Hotel, Beverley, on Mondlay, the 5ith day of June. at 3 u'e'r-k -in the afternooyn (subject to suchi consifitins of salew as ha'l be th-en -produced), qIjH B valuable Property, adjoining thle tow,n of JLBoverley, lenown as the lictoriaWo(rse, where the liuasiocses-f a wrhitinig manufacturer, a liwo burner, and alnbeikmajoer heebe successfully and proiltably carried cn 1Sy tho late Mr. WaSher for eevesal rears. The prop-rty oonsi-st of several closes of vaj,eatle land in gras anud tillage, and the rite of theC manufactorv and uvi:dtugs containing together in the eabide 17a. Or. 27p.: a, llvsaui windea' l,l built so as to be used as a =c1rtil if desirable:. the machinaery made by the late Mr. Rotert Gartenj. in 1517 drivinx-g three patrof gray stones, mitb Ute puiiIiW. ht,, and ethcr arpamutns; also, a horizontal higha-jre-r.sne steam ergijne, of eight horse-s ca-er, scithclreggs2ped-lootle. attachedI thereto, erected by Mressrs. C. aj,d lv. Earle, in, 1iSt ; ex-tensiveI alsytg sheds, rmes, lia, pipes, NAn Cisterl's; a comfortable dwelling.l1oure eOntauinieg seven rooms, with co_chhouse, stables, walled gasalen, and suitat,le cnitbuildings: aisa. five laboorers' cottages four-of themk receLtly ercected, ext-series cast and waggon sheds, stables, and outbuildings, and lave lkite :cr bln.-mng lime, capalle Of holding 70 chaldrons. T&e lime, tone is of a very sesedescri;tiun,- and. the Paris whbite =acb fro-m It obtained a Pri e '-I -tI the Great Eflsilbiton o-f liSL The s:tone ig alm-ost. nexnuistible, and by the IrrhiLETV of the a ill is eCanomically brought to the surface. Thie tiay is of a su,'erisr eiialily, and well adapted for brieks~ ,mad -hterd is an amsds an;lply of gacOctWafer The esitate iv freeboli ansd tithe free, and the lane-taxe s redeemed;- and it is locatly si-tuate in the tow-Eslsip ef Beve-eca--partss, where the parochial ratee are very lislht. The maenfac10rl' was estahlibadn 137,by helat Mr Waker wo cntinued it untilhIis the ierhasmony o uascigge f h rejesce t. For lesse to vie te ~ rise, ad or urter asicuare aplyto Mr. Cusses;x or Mr. 0, levrly. he xeutos;or whee laas may be seeiu) s tthe S~e f Mr Bhplscd, s1ieier~NcwTlo,Beveler,-Ma lOu e
