DEATHS. f Onthel2tinst.,at Lymigton. Hanb,aged4S Edward Glover, Faq., formerlyof H.ML's 53d and 59th Regta, and third son of the late Philip Glover. FAq., of Sedgeford, N7orfolk. On the 13th imat., at Pomnroys Stap)le-grove alter a Tery short illniess, 9nzbeth e second daughter of the lte John Whitmarsh, Esq,of TangierWouse, Taunton. Eomersemtahire. On the 14th inst., at her residezos, 7, Miford-terrace, VasaR-road Brixton after three monthe illness, Mary, relict of the late Rev. Thoe Porter, 5ristol aged 60. On the 17th int., atRotterdam, Anne Eir, youngestdaughter of IL F. Turing, Faq., aged 5 months. On the 15th inst., at his residence, Plaistows, Herts, aged 49, deeply and sincerely lamented, William, second son of William Henry Holt, asq., 3LD., of Enfield, Middlesex On the 20th inst. at30,OldStee,Brighton, Frederick Cave Cheslyn, infa.nt sonof Dr. ka3 On the 20th inst., at Piambrook Villa, near Cheltenharn, after a short but painful illess, to the gief of a iwho k new her, Harriet Henley, wife ot Wmn. Whishaw, Faq., in her lId year. On Thursday, the "Oth inst at the Grove, Esher, Surrey, Elizabeth Gardner, daughter of John Sfack, Esq., aged 17. On Tharsday. the 20th inst., at Cork, to the inexpressible grief of his sorrowful family and many affectionate friends, by whom he was much endeared, Mr. Frederick D. Mansield, Resident Engineer of the C-ork anLd Baudon Railway, aged 2.5. On the 21st inst., at 2, Queen?a-row, PentonTille, Mfr. ohn Edlin, aged 38. On the 21st inst., at Bayswater, the residence of her uncle, Matthew Bentley, Faq.. aer a short ilness. Mary Ann Heath Bentley, aged 22, daughter of Edwin Bentley Faq., R~.N On the 21st inst., at the house of her sen-in-law, 29, Gerrard-street, IsIington. Wms M=ary Norton aged 75. "Her end was peace." On the 21st inst.. at the Royal Dockyard. Sbeerness, Wad2years and 4 monthsib Kathazine Sarah, the beloved child of Dr. 11r Gunn, On the 2siust., at Horseydown, much respected, Mr. John Calnau, for nearly 50years in the employ of the proprietors of Butler's-wharf. * Onthe 21st inst., at Dresden, aged A5, Mary 1ulsa, daughter of J. P. Carry, F3q. On the 21st inst, at No. 5, Lansdowne Villas, Lansdowne-road, lKotting-hlll. of whooping couglh, the infant son of Charles F. and Susanunah Dennet. On the21st., at Government House, Devonport, having landedfrom H_LS. St. George on the l9tl4 Sir Hyde Parker, Bart, of Melford Hall Sudbury, Suffolk, and Talton House, Worcestershire, aged 71r On Good Friday, at Mothecombe, Ermbridge, Devon, Charles --Vereker d'FAterre. Esq, N.. youngest soa of the late{ Hen-y dEsterre, Feq., of Rosnanaher 6aslle, in the county of Clare, lreland. On the 21st inst, at his residenoe, Clphabm, George Herbert Lewin, . Faq., late of 55, Paal-mall, in the 48th year of his age. On the 22d inst., at 22, Albert-square, Clapham-road, Liiau Burman, aged 12 months, theyoungeat daughter of Charles Stroughill. On the 22d inst, at Overseal, Leicestershire, Axne, eldest daughter of John Eamp, Esq. On the 22dist. at his residence, Clapham, in the 82d year of his age, John Ree-e, Faq., F.R.S., LS., and Z.S, formerly in the service of the H.F.L Company in China. On Saturday, the 22d inst., at his fathers residence, Robert Arthur Graham, Esq., of Spital-square, London, son of Robert Grahamn, Esq., Buxton House. Forestk leyton, Essex, much respected and deeply * lamented. - On the 22d inst., at Malvem Ink, Worcestershire, in the 70th year of his age, Thomas Greentree, Esq., late Member of Co,mict at St. Helena. On the 23dinst., hr. Edmund Foster, of Artilery-place, WoolwichL On the 23d inst., after a lingering illness, Mr. Henry David Case, of 44, Basinghall-street, agiedL Earlyon the morning of Easter Sunday, the 23d inst., Mary Ann, the belovedwife of James Miller, Faq., of Glocester-buildings, Walworth. i On Sunday, the 23d inaL, at his residence, 3. Harrur-street, Red Lion-square, aged 75, Joseph Payne, Faq., late of the Ordnance office, within the Tower. - On the24th inst., at 6, Grosvenor-square, Joseph 2Neeld, Esq., h{P., of Grittleten House, in the county of WIls
OANNONi-STREET :WEST.AROARD ROOM, u,i 'on-street west, h. oictr 4 per nnum £60. APpytLet and. Ellis. law sainr,ps-fie it H&ALBERrS to be LET-ak most I fc t set on the '%_ seondtlor,with two sitting rooms, edroom, withi dressing room where water is laid on. withL loset, and every convenience;- the whole are in excel ent condition, haing just been newly paite and papered. Apply at17. Strtfor_dplace Oxford-street. room adjoining. These chamberswillbe found to bethe best in London. App= on the premises, 10, Hereford-street, Park-lane, near the Yarble rh tFFICES.-To be LET in Queeni-street-place, city, 'I" one or two elegant light OIcFICBS, on second floor. The front office is particularly adapted for a, solicitor, and can be bad famuished if desired. Apply at No. 3. C ITY OFFICES.-Furnajshed Second Floor.=To be LEIT, one large well FURN1shED ROOM with plate-glass -windows, and TWO CLEFIKS' OlFICES. Reut i,55. kApply to the housekeeper. on the premlies Soud-court-house, Walbroolt TnRBWERY WA~NTED~,with a good private trade J,L attached (from fire to ten quarter plant), aoing a profitable trade of about 50 to 60 basrels per week, within 50 Miles Of London. Address, I) IHMO ,a&Tt viiniv.-ANWtED_.in a El,getleans fmiy romApil o h~end of May, a well PUR~iISEflHOUS. wth ot lss han ourbedreons.begides servanit's room Adres, wth oll artculrs,D.,2, rinces-terrace, Hyde-park, Q CHOOL PREMISES WANTED, nimmediately, within 15 miles of London. capable of accommodating 50 pupils. te.acbed school room,. large play-groimnd and -field, and batth indlepensable. Address S.I, City News Rooms, 66, Cheapside,with rent, taxes, and card to view. CHOOL (LADIES' BOARDLNTG7andDAY WANTED, to PURCHASE, in Londlou, or within three or four miles. Scud full particulars as to number of pupils. how long esatblished. premises, rent, and terms, &nc, to Mir. J. Bradley's school agency office. 4, Dowvgate-hifl, Cannon-street. city, from 10 till 4. ~USSX-WWANTEDs to PUROHASE, by a gs entlem~an, a RESIDENCE, in Western Sussex. south of the Down, "th rom50 o 10 aresofland adjoiniuz. A good aite for building- on the same locality would not, be objected to. Apply to 3ressrs. Wright and Son, estate age,its. Chichester. A Semi-detached HOUSE or COTTAGE, with -ar-Aden, WANTED, witbiTfaneatride of the city by rail orombu -about three bed rooms, ty-o sitting rooms. kItehem, iso. Rent abeut £25. Address, stating particulars, to A. Z., Mfr. Seale's, 5, PortlandpIace, St. John'!s-wood.- COU'TRY HIOUSE WANTED, near a, Station OnL the South-Western Ra3ilWay. Meast belia good rep.uir, and containi two stting and four bed rooms, and servants room, with coach-house and stable attached; also afew acres of meadow laud. The situation must be dry and isheltered. Rtent moderate. Apply to J. A. O., 12% Greshianm House, Old remad-street. EQUIED,within a fewv weeks, a FURNISH-ED oHOUiE, for 12 months or more, detached, and with a garden ; tocoti three large sittingt rooms, with feur or five sleeping apart- Localit in any healthy suiburb of L-ondon, not exceeding seven milesh from. the Bank : 'Wandsworth, Putney, Barnes, or RichmeZ peerable-A. C0. P., 27, Montagu-street, Portman-equare. HOUSE WANLTED, north of Londors.-WAN TED, 14to RENT or PURCHfASE, a convenient EHOUSE. suiitable for a small family. It mxint belan a healthy situation, not more than seveni mifles from London. of good elevatico and well drained, not more thau one story high, with drawving and dining rooms on the grouind floor. The rooms must not be too smal. F,ullparticulars to beaddressed to M.Phillips, 25. Coal Exchiange. city. HOUSE WVANTED, unfurnishecl, etached, within. a2,5 miles of London. on the Epscm or South-Eastemrn ine, anid not more than .-omiles from astation. It must cntaipLat least tbro reception rooms of good dimensions, eight bed roomns, and good offices, with. thre-stall stable and double cdach-house, two or three acres of' pleasure end kitchen garden, and either with or wvithout land, u pon a high andI dry soi!, eitLher gravel or sand or chalk, Particulairs in detail, sire of rooams, &c. to Y. Z., at ALr. Gordoni's. 146, Leadenhall-street. 2GENTLEMAN, whos,e family consists only of his ladyhimelf andtwogron-u daughters with five servnts, -wishes to AIRE a. FUTRISUEDI HUSE for three or four mnonthis, eithcr in cai open part of London, or within 5 or 10 miles of town, with easy access. Any famaily desirous of quitting a good residenice for a short timie, at a rent no' exceeding six to seven aguineas perrweek. may place it la the hands of the advertiser with perfect cnience. Appily to Messrs. Donaldson, I, Lan.-ham-place. -"OUSE.-WANTED, to RENT, froln Lady-dyo JLLthe half-qiurter, a good semi-detached or detached VIA,el roo, ad he ustdoestc ofies nd ccmmodations. Rent fro £5 tod12 pe anum.A sallbutvery conveuient House in St. ohrs-wod o b Le, a th sae tme.Apply by letter, stating fnl~artcnlrs,to . B. 10 Woonrw-rad.St. John's-wood. IVIE SRS. GREEN, Estate Agents and Auctioneers, .L23. O1ld Bond-street, being about to publish their printea. LIST or aEGISTER, containing fuli particulars (without conveying the identity) of the numerouis estates amu country reidences entrusted to ther aenc fr sle nd eting rel~etfllynotfyto Owners, trustees, seUltos, xector, ad al prtis iterste inth dispoalI of landed esats n everyE, descrptonmo couentryropterty tHat parthclr sh ould exfowaedt them fn-or isertionbfr the eetefLndon Coftheprabesn andradvantofageous isposal y ofpoptenats.Ol Bond-tereeandMarch,o 'view apply to SIr. Hamer. 3. Finch-lane. 0 bCLT,TAmGetcedCOTTAGS,siute Cottage, Mammersmithi. JT¶O be LET, 'very' desirable PREMIISES, consitn L&,of aH3OUSE and SEEOP, suitable for a light business or fOrsm putblic company,.requir3g alarge sod light room for clerks, 20. ApplLy toa Mr. Kely 7 oburn-place. Russel-square. TrO b 141T FORDMANORFARM, Lingfield, * Surey.-o be ET, ORD-HUSE,a comfortable small residenc. speror ardns ndpeasre rouds,and330 acres of land, and shotin (f rqured ovr 00 crs, ora term or by the year. A ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ or by tess -IL yar, adatae(I VLLA.RFSIDNCE,containing four sitting and eight bed rooms. Situation pretty, high and dry, good kitchen, and pleasureground, and two pad-docks:~ in all 10 acres. 10 minutes' walk from the station of StansteadilMountfitchet, and twoandia half mniles from. Bishop Stortford, Herts. Go-od coacha-house and two-stalled stable. Apply to C.J. W..24,UpperlItock-gardens, Brighbten, mpo be SOLD or LET, HOPE HOUSE, near Brent- _ wood. se, a genteel and commodious family residence, in a 'very hesLithyaiudbeautiful part of the county. near to the church. The house contains 14 rooms, and has suita'ble stabling, &ce., a-nd nearly three acres of pleaslure and other gardens. Terms very mUoderate. Apply to Messrs. Beadlel anid Sons, 25. Greshamn-strest, city. T0 TAILORS and OUTFITTERS.-.To be SOLD, a T first-rate BSNS in the above line, ins commanding situiation- with immediate possess-ion af required, The business maight be mutcl~sextenided with a moderate capitaL Lease. steeck.and fixturesta. ,valuation. For particulars apply at 56. Great Suffollc-street, Blackfriars-road. .. rUKSCHOP, Dining Room, and Ale Store sitatin,onemiutes .-ik romth Bak,a HOUSE, containing U1 xooms. with new modem plate-glassshop and dryboardedbasement, cellars and ether offies, good lobby i,ntrsnce, large rooms. Apply to Y. Z.. MUr. -Xeeley's, stationer, St. Swithin's-lane. T O APIALISS, uildrs,and others.-Some ver deirale REEOLDLAN tobe ET,on BUILDINIG LEASS. nWileadn, he nly uraparsfiwthifivmiles of London.It dsons he urnikeree toHarow,andis within a. few minuts' ialfef th Railay Satio. Pe frhrParticulars apply to rr SURGEONS, Chymnists, and Dru-'"'its.-To be TLET', on advantageous~ terms, a, convenient SHlNlin a populous neigbouhoo, dinga good counter trade (established 10 years). and offrig afist-at oporunity for a young man commesiclag business. Forcars t viw aplyto Mr. Tindaill. St. John's-wood estate ofrice, 25. ortand-errce,nea t John's-wooid Chapel. TOTAILORS, &c.-To be DISPOSED OIF, a wellT?stablished first-class TAILORING BUSINESS, in Dublin. Returns £5,060 per annuma, which are p regressive. Thne Present proprietor retirin, from business, but would remain for six or 12 months las may be agrec-d upon) to thoroughl introduce the ceuinexion. Forfurthier particulars apply to Miessrs. Scott and Weight, 6, Vigo-street, Itegent-street. London. rro e SO D, (iflaEssegen,Sweden.,) a PRO-0 I PItT, cusltin ofa sallislnd,in thelbeautiful Lake 1,Isare. oe mie fom tockolm wih sarea of about 37 acres: compisin a wellng-ouseof 3 roms,and a shipbuilding yard, at whic seera flst-lss yahtshav ben biltby the late owner. SIr. A. P Anerson, ric £3750.Appy, ro-aid, to T. . Zefferin, TOCHYMISTS andl SURGEONS.-To be DISTPOSED OF (solely in consequence of the preprieter being en- TSO SALL CA-PITALISTS.-The owner of an T ESTATE of more than 30 houses3, let to weekly tenants, and prodleeing above £1600a year, beia" in want of funids in his buLsiness, is desirous of SELLING. Lense siiiut 35 years unexpired. at amoderate -ground reat, To effect a. sale withouit delay, onlyzel.710 is asked, and a portion of that mnight remain upon securityof the pronerty as he only wants a part of the money. This is a bena fide Property as worth atention. Apply to Mlr. Patrick, 13. Great Union-street, Borougha-road, T OLlINENT and WOOLLEN DRA-PERS and Totbers,-Tcbe LET, with immediate possession, the commodious PIIENMIfESNo. 9, Briggate (the best business street). Leedis,at present occpie by. Kttlwel, lnenrapr. hepremises can be takenx wit th reaiingstok (t valatin),orwithout if preferred. The presissar adpte fo th lnenor oolen rad, o anoeher busineasequrin rom. her is hadsoe pateglas font to the shopandtc shw rom abve.N.B.The ixtues t betaken al a r'FOM3ERCERS and DRAPERS.-Bellcvue-tcrrace, JLGreat Slslvern.-To be LET, and may be entered upon imnmediately, an extensive and well-estaiblished SHOP and PREMSELS. The situation is of the most (commanding description, in fact, is onequalledin this beautiful an4 flourishing town. An opportunity ishere presented of very rare occu-rrece, and satisfactory reasons will be given for the shortness of this notice. Applications mado to 3. B3. Harper, auction and agency offices, as aboove, will receive prompt attention. K l.B. Thepremises willbevacated on the25th inst. * Y O OIL a-nd COLOUR. MAEN, Wa-. andl Tallow JLChand -m.-In Bankruptey.-The GOODWILL and valuable INTTEREST.f the Assinseea of Wiliam Shove, of Croydon, of and in a profitable BUSINEFSS, as painter. glarier, plumber, paperhanger, oil and colourman; tallow and wax chandler; and also of the unexpired term of 14 years of the lease of the business premises, situate at q3, North-enid, Croydon, lately in the occupation of the said William ShoTe, held of Mir. Charles Do-well, at the very low rental of £517 5s. per annm The property conLsists of a substantial diwelling-house, larg shp. ellr, warehouse, and garden, in the principal street, *Croydon, within five minutes' walk of the railway station. The lessee as lately expended npwards of £20 on the shop and premiseslinimprov ements. The snop fittings, consising of gas chandeliers. de-sks, counters, ic., to be takenby the purchaser at £50. An extensive and EinStxble business hag been carried on in the above trades, and may co Sid OLyDimpurovdyan competnt preron of busies Hihais Toptionufeaknr t ofGaney vauaion cetin rhequisies f reorv caryngonh ahoe Cutthaes, d cnsitin of be tamscales, weaht t .he premises maybet viewed, and futher patcuntofSaffrs d,b obaod atay, tim na pc atuoniby neter, toessrs.pSoleTunter.ad frtha urner,soiie,ato the abl be SOYOLD,LA pursua,t and Oredimernof sthae Hinghe Courtbi of Chlatncr,md in the eoLt fSanos writein the Th nom r son, andowhrathend vyn Tmon wthe nothem apprsobateionsa of the Judge t whos Courtth sonaidcases byareatched, admaeet therBulls,Manacnr,s and1h-etrcest Elsonr i thereaoutstyaf Salord ona onl y the 3mtt 1mst ada ofinerch. 1556. at6dbclngicandthertevening,ainon lot,aby Mr.ewOHl nablenCePtHOLDLAd,tMintsroa, and HeredithamenteostuateWindh towneshi of Bladan le in the cuntyr ofe Stforwithinf the manegor rof towheanthe and Lyng, onthe unorthern ;an soter sione of theoturn. whompichigtLepriclo salidland contains,t by .a recetaesrmettere;it acre eandlreperhs rthereab2rout;and abaallche ,angwttc sdminescoand Wusintrlthyin DandSr being Finuand ndr thcsidars. Or.h lc. ond ikeio s o e Alnogterns 3or lMp. Printedaru,ticlars withcndtion ofsle rr O CHEESEMONGERS-To be LET, a SHOP in d the above line, in consequence of the illness of the present owner. Rent lowr. Applto A. B., Mfr. Ooomb's, baker, 179, Waterlo *-roa& ,o WOOLLENDRAPE:RS and othew. --Tu be iBr e a S}IOP, fittedp npiD the above line, No.3, Marylebone-street, Regent-street Fixture., £26. Tj10 HAIRDRESSERS and PERFUMBId;K.-'lo he T DISPOSUD OF. the LEASE, Stoci, and Fixtures- of an oldestablished BUSINESS, in the best part of Oxfor i-street. Terms 3noderate. Applyat14S, Oxford,street. 0 TOBACCONISTS.-The FIXTUsItES ot TLTOBACCOOIST's-SgOPtobeDISPOSEDOF immediately, in first-rate condition. The house and shop can be baA if required. No reasonable offerwill berefused. Apply to A. B., 19, Eb-rv-st.. ii,nli o T0 UPHOLSTERE;RS.-WANTED, a Y U U T MAIN, who has been employed at the above bugineas, and vho will make himself generally useful. Apply personally toH.L, 6, Unionrow, Camberwell. rTTO BREWERS.-To be LET in the country, o .1 very advantageous terms, an old-established BREWERY, in fuUl trade. Capital required. from £800 to £1,000. Particulars of Ir. Win. Smith, estate and brewery agent, 8, Serle-treet, Lincoln's-in. °0 PASTRYCOOKS and COiNFiCTIONEtt,.- Tobe DISPOSED OF, with immediato possession and onreasonable terms, in consequence of the death of the tenant, a BUSIN ruo n the above line, in a good thoroughfare. Apply to Mr. Pike, fisbm3nger, 6, King-street. Snowhill. rO BOOT and SHOE MAKERS.-To be LE6r, .T in the -hihroadleading:from Notting-hill to Shepherd's-bush, an excellent SHOP and HOUSE in thorough repair, and at the moderato rent of £70 per annum. .pply to Mr. Shilcock, surveyor, 30, Royal-crescent, Notting-hil. T°O BAKERS, Grocers, and others.-To be LET, a .1. CoOdGROCEI'assEOP,wsth a gateway; and acapital Bakeres, with 10-bushel oven, and also one suited for any resPectable trade, in a good business locality. Rent £C45 .ceming in mzrt.Ap o MIr. J. Okennars, Amersham-road, ef , moderate. Apply to rO be SOLD, a FREEHOLD HOUSE and SHOP, i .1 with a business, situate in the most fashionable part of Kensington, wrhich has been established for upwards of 100 years. Application for further particulars to be made by principals or their olicitorsonly to H. E. Voules, Esq., solicitor, 16, Gresham-street, city. T°o be SOLD, Za. 2r.. 8p. of LAND, eligible for Tdbuilding purposes, situate at Seal, in the county of Surrey. about two miles from the Mliltary Camp at Aldershott, and near stations on the South-lWestern andSouth-EastexrnRail ways. For particulars apply to Mr. John Paine, Tongham, near Farnham. r j0 SILVERSMITHS-and JEWELLERS.-To be T DISPOSED OF, um alarge prosperous markettown, an excelent BUSINESS and- PRENIISES, havirsg handsomely fitted shop. in the best position-in tbe town for -trade. Stock and fixcures from -£2GQ0 to £3,0w, for part of which credit may be had. Apply to Mr. W. Smith, auctioneer and estate agent. 8. Serle-street, Lincoln's-inn. G1URREY, near Weybridge.-FREEHOLD RESI- KJ DENCE, adapted to a family of the first respectability, beautifuly situate, with ampleaccommodation, lodge entrance, meadow. &c, to be LET or SOLD, on very moderate terms. Apply to Messrs. SnelL, 27, Albemarle-street. K 'TISlI-TOW4 (the best .)art).-To be LET, tW Furiied. gentel B E OlJS,croutamnmg twvo parlours drawing room, three bed rooms, making up four beds, kitchens, yard, and garden, water-closet in the house, commanding extensive viewvs over liamps d and Highgate. Onibuses every quarterof an hour. Cards at 346, Oxford-street. AlNKS of the THAMIES Chiswick.-To be LET, lar rge, clean, well FURNIS}i:D HOlUSE, for sis months, at 3gmneasa guineas for 12 mon contains seven bed rooms lredrawin", dining, and breakfast rooms, offDces, gardens, Ac Situation very heasthy and cheerfuL, line view, good water, and gravel soil. Threc modes oE conv3yanco to town. Near ChiswieL-^ardens, Address 20.1hL, Vine-hoose, Sall. Chiawick. e hAbID)EN-ROAD VILLAS (near).-To be LET, a -ser-detached VILLA RESIDENC E, beautifully situate, overlooking Regent's-park Piampstead, and Hiighgate. Long garden, wgith entry on the fields at the back-; nine rooms and other conveniences * a side entrance. Rent 00 guineas. Furniture to be had if required. Per cardts aPppl to MIr. J, 6alter, estate agent, 4, New Chapel-place, lKentisIs-town.~~~~~~t b TFSOTTENHA I.-To be LET, TWO semi-detached T1 VVILLA RESIDENCES, containing dining room, two drawing reoms, five bed rooms, entranoo hail, two kitchens. and the usual don estic offices. Good garden. The situaton is helthy and the prerises are wel supplied with water and possess good drainage. Terms, for three years, ±.50 per anmum. For further particulars and cords to to view app to W. Smee and Sown, 6, Finsury-pavement; and to IT. E. ChaLkey, house agent, Tottenhlm-green. r OTTENIHAL.-The Elms.-This valuable FREE- T HOLtD ESTATE to be SOLD, by AMr. Whybro, containing (lining, drawing, end breakfast rooms and library, extra large dining or drawingroomo, 11 large airy bed rooms, water-closet, two kitchens, all usual offices, doblbe coach-house, stables, man's room, pleasuro and kitchen gardens, dudpaddeek, suitable for afansily ofEthe firat respectability. tTo be viewed by cards only, obtained of MIr. Whybro, estate agtent, Tot- N the IMMEIATE VICINITY of BERKWEL.EY- SQUARE.-A lady wishes to LET her HOUSE. which is small but very comfortable and elegantly Furnaihed, from the beginning of lMay, for the season. It has every requisite office and is in the best situation. N.B. Thereisnonurseryaccommnodation. App'ybyletter raid, to E. Bi., post-offlce, Piccadily. o DAY LODGE, Woodford-bridge Essex.-To be JU) DISPOSED OF, the LEASE of a very Jesienble RESIDENCE, containing 10 rooms, with staUl stabling for eight homses, double coachhouEe, cottage convenieat farm-buildings, large walled garden, and about 35 acres of exceUent meadow land. For further perticulara apply to Mesesrs. EisdeU aud Ashcombe, landagents. Ac., Enfield, hiddiesex. Ti AMAPSTEAD,--To be LET on LE ASE, a most desirable RESIDENOE, contiMing handsome reception roams, seven bedrooms, and excellent domestic offices, attached are wellstock;ed pleasure and kitchen gardens; coach-house and stables, and p oet convenient out-buildings, with about three acres of meadowv land. Part of teifnrtituremay also be had at a valuatien. l?or cards to view apply to Mr. Caldecott, upholsterer, ac., 53 and 54, Great RusseUlstreet, y.loomsh. 11)USSELL-SQUARE.-To be LET orSOLD, a]nagee ldand excellent FAMILIY RESIDENCE,cosstaninmggood recep,tion rooms, numerous bed rooms, and superior domestic offices. A p py to Mir. Caidecott, upholsterer, &c., 53 and 54, Great Russell-street,Bbooms. 1 OINTAGU9STREET, Russcll-square.-A capital - --L RESIDENCEto be LET onL SE It contains good drawing, dining, and breakfast rmoms, excelentbed rooms, and every convenience in domestic offices. Apply to 3fr. Caldecott, upholsterer, &c., 53 and 54, Great Russell-street. Bloomanuy. 1) EGENT's-PARK.-To be LET, a well FUR- L i NISHIED FAMILY RESIDENCE, or the furniture to be sold. It contains eight bed rooms, two noole drawing rooms, breakfast and dining rooms, library, bath room, stone staircase, andthree waterclosets. Coach-house and stabling if required. Apply to Mr. Freeman, 7, Ormond-terrace, Regent's-park north. ChLD KENT-ROAD.-To be SOLD, TWO FREE- I HOLD semi-detached COTTAGE RESIDENCES, each containig sLC rooms, with large garden andfore-court. They are now let to yearlytenants of long standing at £19 per annum. and would be sold to paya liberal rate of interest. For particulars apply to Messrs. Tophs, , and arduig, 16, St. Paul's churchyard. QTOKE NEWINGTON.-To be SOLD, a detached CVIL:LA RESIDENCE, of neatelevation. containingrfourbed chambers, drawing and diningrooms, entrance-hall, two kitchens, and other conveniences; standing in a large garden planted vith trees. Lease G4 years. Ground rent £ per annum. For particularsapply to Messrs. Toplis, Son, and Harding, 16, St. Paul's churchyard. ][USSELL-SQUARE.-To be LET on a REPAIR- lid ING LEASE for a long term, that noble FAM^ILY MAINSION, No. 65, on the east side, formerlythe residence of SirThomas Lawrence It contains 11 bed chambers, two lofty drawing rooms asda. boudoir, entrance-hall and stone staircase, spacious dining room, library. dressing room, wel arranged domestic offices, coach-house, three-stall stable and man's room over. For particulars apply to Messrs. Toplis, Son, and Harding. 16, St. Paul's churchyard. T3II2NERE, Middlesex, within 300 yards of the Station. L -3o be LET or SOLD, several elegant semi-detached VILLA RESIDENCES, most judiciously arranged and tastefuly decorated, and fit for the immediate reception of respectable families. The rents vary from £55 to £65, which include a first-class free pass by the North Westem Railway to and from London, and the privilege of free education at Harrow School. For particulars applyto Mr. Bird, 38, Edgeware-road; or to Messrs. Top"s, Son, and Harding, 16, St. Paul's churhyard. WALTHA±MSTOW.-Residence with Stybling, | Outbuildings. Gardens, Fishpond, nd abtout 14 acres of Land.-- To be LET on LEASE, an excellent RESIDENCE - containing eight bed chambers, three dressing rooms, drawing and di,, ngrooms, library, entrance-hail, and numerous domestic offices; the outbuildings include dairy, cowhouse. stabling for 10 horses. coach-houses, &c. ; the grounds contain about 5 acreS, and are tastefully laid out in parterres, lawn, [and plantation, ornamental lake, and about 14 acres of rich meadow land. Easy access to town by railway or ooach at frequent times in tho day. To be viewed by cards only of Messrs. Tophls, Son, and Harding, 16, St. Paul's churchyard. 1-)UILDING L D.-Great Staumore, four miles from the HnrrowShtion.-Tobe SOLD, a PLOT of COPYHOLD LAND, containing about 21 acres well timbered, partly cultivated, on a gravel soil, wel sapphed with pure water, having a frontage of about SO0 feet to Stannore-common. a particularly healthy situation, commanding views of the surrounding beautiful country, and would form an admirable site for the erection of viLa residences of a superior character, whichuin thisaihbourhoodsare murli in demand. For particulars 'apply to Messras.Par er and Lee, solicitors, 18, St. fmyOUwTRY HOUSE and AI.x, witbin two miles Jofangood Mfarket Town.-WATED, to PUBCHASE, a modem RESIDENCE of nine or ten rooms in addition to offices and underparoumt cllrs with stabling, coach house, pleasure and kitchen oar crdsn' bo 15 acres of land, en a dry soiL Address ful particu lars to Myessrs. Topds, Son, and Harding, 1G, St. Paul's chuchyard. PSSEXR-MansioE and Eand, five miles from a ihist- class Station on the Eastern Connhies Railway, and 45 miles from London, in a good Hunting Country, wvith Right of Shooting over 3,00 acres of oand if requeL.-To be LET, on LEASE a capitl fMILY MAN'SION, containig everY accommodation for a large family, w,ith its extensive grounds, gardenS, and outbuildings, standing in a handsome and well-timbered park of 70 acres, the vvhele or part of whEich can be rented wzith the mansion. For particulars and mards to view app)ly to Messrs. Tophis, Son, and Harding, 10, St. Paul's UPPER HORN'SEY-RISE.rTo be IdET, with im- mediate possession, a HOUJSE, containing drawing room, dinita room, breakfast parlomr, twvo large kitchens, five large bed roamns, and a dressing room, The homseis pleasantly situate, with ashrubbery in front and nice garden behind. At the low rent of£5 tSper annum, The furature may be had (ifidesirable) on isdvanta,goonls terms.. Apply to Mrr. Haw ks, at -the Lodge. Uipper Homasey-rise, Horusey-road'- or to M'.ess. Warlters and l ovejoy. t5, Chancery-Lane. 3UBBEY.-For SALE,: at Byfiect, a FREEHfOLD ESTATE, consisting of a~ capitsil family residence, with the offices, stabhung, gardens, pleasure gfrounds, bailiff's homse, homestead, and fsrmyard, gardener's and carter's cottages, lodge, and tiro double tenements, with arable, meadow, wood, and pasture land, cont.aining abent 22acres. A manor andother farmls mybepurchas-edwiith this property if required. Apply to MIessrs. Seten and Nicholson, solicios, 11 Yrk-bidings, Adeiphi; or to MIr.Henry G.Grazebrookt' solicitor. Chertsev. S,,,-basv CLAPHAMI-PARK.-To be SOLD or LET, a de- tached FAMILY HOUS14 recently erected intho moEt substantial manner-stonestaircase, hall, andpassagesfireproof; containing on the ground floor, good entranco haU, dining room 23 by 15 feet. drawing room 23 by 15 feet, with large bay window in three compartments, which makes this room in the widest part 23 byl9 feet, breakfastroomlbyb 14 feet; on the first floor, fourbed rooms, the lar et' being 23 by 15 feet; on the second floor, five square and good hod rooms. The house contains three water-closeti weU supplied with vater, very superior servants' offices, and excellent supplyof water. Tho most perfect drainage: a walled garden, laid out and planted, the backlookingoverfieldsandStreatham-common. Forfurtherparticularz apply to hlr. Clifton, Clapham-parlc. IURREY, within 20 miles of London.-To be LET, Furnished. a delightful VILLA RESIDENOE, standing in its own 8rounds of about 12 acres; containing six beat bed rooms, four dressing rooms and water-closet, three servant3' bed rooms, dinin room, drawing room, entmane hall, andante room, a conservatory leading from drawing room, 79 feet long; excellent kitchen and offices; double coach-house and stable; capital kitchen and flower gardens, withviner, fordng pits, and gardener's cottage. The homse is approached by a carriage drive and entrance lodge, situate in a beautiful country, within a few minutes' walk of the Church and Railnay Station en the South WVestern Railwray. To be view.ed bY cards, which, with particulars, may be had of Messrs. Waterer and Son, estate agents, Cherisey, Surrey. _USSEX.-To be SOLD or Let on Lease for 21 years, a capital FAM,L RESIDENCE, with spacious lawn, &c.. kitchen gardens, conservatories and foreleg-houses, gardenex's cottage, and other outbuildings: the whole freehold, except a smaU portion of the garden. The house contains good entrance hal dining -room, drawing room, breakfast room, and study: three bed rooms, a dressing room, and bath room on the first foor, and six rooms above; two water-closets, convenient domestic offlces, exceLlent four. stall stable, and coach-house. Within 10 minutes' walk of Chicheeter CathedraL and three miles from Goodwvood. A pack of hounds in the neighbourhood. Apply to Mr. Wright, estate agent, North Pallaut, Chichester; or to -lEdavrd Banmater, Esq., solicitor, 13, John-street, Bvedfor-row. _USHY PARK, within five minutes' walk of the L,sriver and of the capital market town of KingEton, and half a mile from Hampton Court.-To be LET, Furnished, for two or three months, a very desirable RESIDENCE, standing in itspleasure and garden grounds, eontaining two acres, ornamente with beautiful tres. shrubberics, greenhouses, ac. The house contains four principal bed chambers, large dressing room, three secondary bed rooms, good dining and drawing rooms, and librry opening to the grounds, kitchen, and well-adapted ofllces- double coach- ouse and four-stall stabang. TheTwilcenhlam, Hampton Court, and Kingston Stations are available, to the attr o wach mnibsesrueto eetnearly every train. To be vieed y rdes,whih, it patiulas,may be obtained at Mr. Joh Daso's,lan ed etae aenc ofics,Kingston-on-Thames,
MONEY-MARKB'and UITY INKTEGFBNC. Monday Evening. The English funds opened steadily this morning at the improved qtiotations of Saturday, but subsequently experienced a relapse, owing to several speculative sales and the intelligence from France that the treaty of peace, which was exuected to have been announced this morning, is delayed by difficulties believed to have been interposed by Prussia. Before the termination of business, however, the market in a great degree recovered its tone, favourable accounts having been received of the Paris Bourse. Consols for money were first quoted 92s to J whence they receded to 92 . From this they soorallied to 92g- to i, at which they remained to 1he close. For the 10th of April the last price -was 92g to 1. Consol Scrip left off at 2g- to i premium; -chequerSrip,2ito emium;lndia-bonds, 12s. to 7s. diseount; and Exchequer-bills (June), Is. discount to is. premium, (MIarch) 2s. to 5s. premium. There was an increased inquiry for money in the discount-market to-day, and also in the StockExchange, 6 per cent. having been Ipaid for loans on Government securities. Probably the demand will continue active during the week, a further payment of 2,150,0001. having to be met on the new loan on Saturday next, the 29th. Foreign securities have been steady, but prices were rather less firm towards the close. In Turkish Six per Cents. the transactions for the account were at 97T, A, , and 98. The Four per Cents. Guaanteedf or the account were negotiated at 100l . The general business comprised-Brazilian Five per Cents., 101; the Small, 102; Buenos Ayres, 58; Peruvian Three per Cents., 57 and 56i; Port1uguese Four per Cents., ex. all overdue coupons, 46 ; Russian Five per Cents., 104; the Four-anda-Half per Cents., 94; Sardinian Five per Cents., 9S; Spanish Passives, 7i; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64; and the Four per Cent. Certiflcates, 95i; In the corn-market this morning there was a de- cline of betveen 3s. and 4s. from the rates of Mon-. day last. Thle Emma and the Admiral have arrived from Port Phillip, bringing together 72,791 ounces of gold, valued at 291,1641. The Eliza and the Centurion, from Sydney, it is stated, have no gold on freight. The final prices of the- French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. GOc. for money and 72f. 75c. for the end of the month, showing a further advance of an eighth or a quarter per cent. The exchanges at almost all the continental cities maintain their favourable appearance. At Hamburg the pressure in the money-market has partly subsided, the rate of discount having declined to 5 § per cent. s but an anticipation prevails there that some furthler amounts of silver may be sent to this country, which would immediately cause a renewed advance. The advices from the manufaeturing towns regarding the state of trade during the past wveek present no material alteration. At Manchester there has been an improved demand, consequent upon the accounts by the overland mail, and prices have been fairly supported, notwithstanding the recent heaviness of the Liverpool cotton-market. At Birmingham the iron-market remains dull, and the question of interest for the moment is as to the probability of a reduction in prices being decided upon at the approaching quarterly meetings. The general manufactures of the place are likewrise inactive, the orders from the United States being still small, although stocks are low both in that country and at home. The Nottingham report describes continued confidence, a furt4her improvement in the home demand, and an upward tendency in quotations. In the woollen districts there has been no alteration, and the people continue to be well employed. The Irish linen-markets are likewise steady, and the purchases are numerous, both forhome consumption and exportation. Some weeks back it was mentioned in Parliament that the English lire assurance companies were threatened with competition from French offices, which the highrate of dutywouldpreventthem fiombeingable to meet. The Chancellor of the Eixchequer replied that he didnot apprehend any such competition wvould be attempted, but that, if this opinion should prove erroneous, he would immediately take whatever measures might be requisite. A circular has now been issued by the company La France, established in Paris in 1837, with a capital of 400,0001., stating that they have established an agency in London, where polcies may be effected with precisely the same conditions as those of the British offices, and at little more than half the annual charge. Thus the ordinary risks which in England are subject to a premium of ls. 6d. and a duty of 3s., making a total of 4s. 6d. per cent., will be taken by La IFrance at 2s. 6d. per cent. The company, in illustration of the effects of our heavy duties, point to the fact that in France seven-eighths of the owners of house property effect insurances, while in England the proportion is only one-tbird. The General Screw Steam Company have just received a further deposit of 20,0001. from the Rench Company, by whom eight of their ships have lately been purchased. This makes a total deposit of 25,0001. On the 1st of July the first ship is to be delivered and paid for, and the remainder are expected to be delivered at intervals of about a month. It is also understood that the boolks of this company will be closed at the end of the present week for the disbursement to the shareholders of the 31. per share of capital autholized to be returned. Letters from Boulogne mention that the new sluices at that port have at last been brought into play, and that the result has proved very important. It is stated that the harbour is now nearly always accessible to steamers in neap tides, and that the period during which. it is open in spring and mean tides has been considerably increased. A new system of signals, to show the depth of water to vessels outside, has been established on the lighthouse at the extremity of the west pier. Complaints are made of irregularity in the transmission of the mails arriving,r by the packet ships from Melbourne. In the case both of the James Baines and the Lightning, although the vessels have touched at ports whence letters could be despatehed, the bags have been -retained, and not transmitted to London until landed at Liverpool. It is statedthat the inconvenience may arise from the whole of the letters being mixed, and requiring to be sorted before they can be forwardled to their various destinations. To obviate this the simple precaution mi;ght be adopted-of making the letters for London into separate mails, to be forwarded immediately upon any port being reached. The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the past week have comprised five vessels-two to Port Phillip, one to Adelaide, one to New Zealand, and one to Sydneywith an aggregate capacity of 4,013 tons. The rates of freight exhibit little variation. 'iThe amount paid into the treasury of the East India-house for bills on India from the 5th to the 24th inst. was 85,2951. The following is from the Peel Rliver Land and Mineral Company "Ai;dvices have been received by the Lightning, dated Deember 14. The general superintendent gives a favourable report of the condition of the flocks. The wool clip was in courseof shipment, and weighed gross 127,5901b. There has been an increase in the weight of the Ileece. The Eliza has arrived in the Channel wvith the first shipment, 68 bales of wool. '; As respects the goldfields, the general superintendent issued the following notice on the 19th of November:- " ' During the last seven days in each month parties wil be allowed to prospect, free of charge, to enable them to search for good sinking claims to be worked in the following month. " ' As the Govermment fee will be the only demand made on them during the above period, it is presumed, if good claims are found, the company's license fee will be readily paid-viz., 31. per month-in addition to the Government lee. s" 'The above will be in force until notice to the contrary is given."'
AIWiLAY IxiTBLLrGBNCE. R.ATT.WAV ANT) (lAVAT. 'MAT.Tr It is proposed to extend the provisions of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act of 185 by means of a bill for -that purpose now before Parliament. The chief object of thebill appears to be to enforce the charging of equal fares per mile on every part of a railway, and between certain pomts by competing lines. It stipulates that passengers on any railwav shaU not be charged a higher fare for short distances than that at the time charged for passengers conveyed over any greater distance of the railway in a like class of carriage and description ef train; that it shaU not be lawfulfor any railway company to make any undue and unreasonab6difference in the rates per mile charged for passengers conveyed over any portions of their railway in a like class of' carriage or description of train; provided always that when. two or more r-v.-ay companies carry passengers between common termini by different routes it shaU belawful forthe company possessing the longer route to charge the samethrough fares as may at the time be charged by the company possessing the shortest route. It is provided, also, that a railway company possessing the shortest route between any two stations maypresentamemorialtothefBoardof Trade toa the effect that there are special reasons for encouraging thEpassenger traffic between such stations, by charging an exceptional low fare for a period to be named in the memorial; and if the Board of Trade, after due notice given to. hear parties objecting, be -satisfied as to the sufficiency of the reasons given, the said board may grant a certificate specifing the reduced fares at which the company maye thenceforth carry passengers between those stations for a certiun period not exceeding that specified in the memoriaL he bill contains five clauses, and might with advantage have three or four more added, specifying that all reductions of fares shall continue in force for six months at least for the benefit of the public, that in case the Board of Trade should not have sanctioned the reduction, theauthoritv for such reduction of fares be signed by the di. rectors of the company authorizing the same, and by thegeneral manager or other officer if he be a party to the reduction, but not otherwise; all thcse partes to be held personally responsible to any two or more shareholders of that company, or of the colnpaunyicompeted against, for anyt loss (to be ascertained and recovered by a sumnmary processl that either company might sustain by such measure. Shou, each announcement of the reduction of fares be not signecd bythe directors authorizing it or voting forit, then and in. that case aU the members of the board to be held responsible for the consercences. Some such clauses, if enacted, would in future prevent injury to railway property from. sudden and reckJlesscompetition, - give the public the benefit of any reduction in fares for at least six monthE, and thus enable shareholders to judge of the competence, or otherwvise, of the parties to whom they have intrusted themanagement of their property.
- TrIE CAPITULATION OF KARS. I (Continued from 27ie Times of March 24.) Omar Paah:'s resolution to come to ConstauLti. iople was taken in- diametrical opposition to the allied commanders, military and naval. General Fimpeon sent the following despatch by the same vessel which conveyed the jurkish Commander-inC'hief from Sebastopol to Lord. Stratford:- Before Sebastopol. July G, :1855. "By Lord,-I have the honour to lay before your ErcelIeecy copies of a correspondence that has taken place between Omar Pasha, General Pelissier, and myself, relathve to a proC made by the former to withdraw a i ceratin portionos histroops from the Crimea, and have them transported into Asia. " At a conference which was assembled at the French Lead-quarters on Saturday,the 14th, at the request of Omar Pasha, and atwhich he, General Pelissier,General Della Martnora, Vice-Admiral Sir E. Lyons, Vice-Admiral Bruat, 1?ear-Admiral Stewart, and myself were present his High3aessetforthhisreasonsan&viewsonthe subject in question; he also produced a very large sheet of paper, which ontained, ashe a ed, the instruct.on,s. of his Govern eznt- but, on being asked for a translation of which, he rial4 tnat it would take a fortnight to make one. - - "The argmnents used by Omar Pasha were those set forth in the correspondence, and failed to produce any effect enL the minds of the other members of the conference, who lwithout exception,entertain the strongest objection to the .:itbdrawal of any troops from the Crimea utthis roment. "Onmar Pasha havingfailed in leading us to adopt his views, then announced intention of proceeding to Constantinople to consult with his Government, and he starts this day at noon in Her Majesty's ship Valorous, by which "ame vessel Lieutenant-Colonel Suleau, attached to my Etaff, in succession to the late Lieutenant-Colonel Vico, pzcceeds -with this letter, ostensibly for the purpose of reLtorin- his health. " Gnereal Pelissier has also charged him with a mission to the French Minister on the same subject. "I earnestly, therefore, beg your Excellency to use your towerfuI influence with the Porto to cause our opinion to prevail over that of his Highnews, for great public interests sre at stake, and serious consequences might result from his success." Neither does the step seem to have found favour In the eye3 of Lord Stratford. He writes on the 19th of Jiuly _ "The night before last I was surprised to learn that Omar Pasha had arrived sauddenly from the Crimea. 1 learnt -from Colonel Simmons, who accompanied him, that his Eighness had intended to call upon me before he passed 4dow-n the Bosphoros; but, as I happened to be absent. he changel his plan, and went straigh to the Seraskier, which even otherwise would have been the most advisable courso to pursue. " It appears that Omar Pasha, apprised of the danger to 1which the army and fortress of Bars were exposed, and lso of the plans for relieving them which were urder conzsideration here, had proposed to withdraw from the Crimea the 25,000 Turkish troops before Sebastopol, and to put Iiniself at their head, in order to operate a diversion from the coast of Circmsia; and not finding among his colleagues, the other commanders-in-chief, a disposition to support uiim, announced his intention of proceeding at once to Constantinople, with the view of submitting his opinions to the Government there. "This impulsive resolution is by no means in keeping with the decided opposition offered by Omar Pasha to the late Seraslkier's requisition for detaching 5,000 of his men from the Crimea. His Highness may account for the hbange of viewr by referring to the pressure at Kars, and to tlhe sulspension. of active operations near SebamstopoL. But the generals, his colleagues, deprecate the latter ground of justihcation, and means mi,ght apparently be employed for the rescue of Ears without deranging the calculations of the -alied armies in the Crimea. "Onthe whole, I am under a strong impression that 4Dmar Pasha's idea of detaching a considerable portion of his errnsy from the Crimea wiU he no more accepted here than It was sanctioned in the Crimea; and that, although some advantage may be derived from personal coramunica-ion between him and his Government, he will best consult 'uhe interests of his Sovereign and of the alliance by returning, without unnecessary delay, to the command of his forces in the Crimea. " Omnr lasha also thinks that, possessing, as he does, the ,ronfidence of the Turks, and being well knovn in Asia where he has made several campaigns, he is more likely to gain the sympathies and assistance of the inhabitants in provisioning, in gaining information, &c., than strangers 'who do not know the language or country." The opinion of the Porte, however, wats very dif-ferent from that of Lord Stratford on this subject. She British Ambassador writes again on the23d ,f July:- " Omar Pasha is still here. He has been most graciously received, and also most generously rewarded by the Sultan, who has conferred a considerable grant of land upon him. 1 need no; add that he is on excellent terms with His c aests Ministers, and particularly with the Seraskier Pas . His Highness, accompanied by the last mentioned -3Einister, called upon me yesterday. He is expected to leave on his return to the Crimea in four or five days. "With respect to the dangers which threaten Tarkey tom the side of Kars, he proposes to add 2.,000 men to the 10,000 or 12,000 at Batoum, to place himself at their head, -and to make an incursion towards Georgia, startiagw from Fedonte Kaleh, and turning Kntais to good account. "This idea was debated Last night in a council at the -Grand Virier's, and the result of the deliberations, as communicated to the Embassy through M. Pisani, was, that the troops to 'e employed in the abovementioned manner under the command of Omar should be taken from Eupatoria to the amount of 20.000, and from Bulgaria to the amount of Z,OW, and that the Contingent, with its numbers completed, should occupy the vacant space at Eupatoria. By way of -alternative, it is proposed that if the abovemeutioned plan be deemed objectionable, it might be so far modified as to take only 10,000 men from the Crimes, and 15,000 from fuIgtara, includin8 those destined to form part of the Con- The despatch of General Simpson and the two of lord Stratford reached the Foreign-office on the -same day-viz., August 1; and the home Governmeent at once sent a proposal to Paris on the subject. This document is not given; but the nature of it may be gathered from the two following. It is obvious that the English Mlinistry concur with the -views of Omar Pasha, and not those of their own Ueneral:- (Telegraphic.) cLosD CowLYo TO THE EARL OF CLAEP.-NDO'. " Paris, August 2, 1855, 2.15 p.m. Count Walewski foresees objections to the proposal Contained in your despatch of yesterday. " Hre wiil submait it, however, to the Emperor, and hopes to give me is Majesty's.answer on Saturday. [August 4.' (Extract.) " THIE EARL Or CLARmN-DO TO LORD CowLEy. "y"F oreign-office, August 3. Her 3ajests MGovernment have learnt with regret- by yrour Excellency's telegraphic despatch of yesterday that Count Walewski does not concur with them in the opinon that Omar Pasha and a portion of the army under his commaand might be sent to Asia to effect a diversion for the relief of Bars and the adjoining country, now menaced by -the Russian forces under General MouraNieff, wlhile their lasce in the Crimea might be filled up by the Turco-British Contingent, under Lieutenant-General Vivian. "Her Majesty's Government, however, consider the relief of the Turkish troops inAsia of such vital importance that they cannot abstaiL from laying before the Government of the Emperor the various arguments by which they con. sider the plan recommended by them may be supported "It is plain that without assistance the whole Turlish force in Asia must be destroyed or captured. The force at Xars is surrounded, and, even if able to defend its position -gainst assault, which may be doubted, it must surrender when its provisions are exhausted, and that will happen in .6 feweek The immediate result would be that 13,000 5!urkish troops would become prisoners of war, and a strong piosition be occupied by the Russins. "Bunt, moreover, ars taken, Erserotum must share the like fate, and the whole of the neighhourig country would lstinthehandsofthe Russians, while the season would be oo far advanced for military operations to drive them out "i if, on the other hand, the allies do not take Sebastopol £before the winter, the Russians, by occupying Asia Minor, v1ll have a considerable advantage over the allies, and as the Russians have nothing to do on the Danube, and are 3 ree from apprehension -anywhere to the north of the nube, they can send into Georgia, and thence into Asia 3finor, a force of considerable magnitude. This would be striking a serious blov at the Turkish empire, and one the effects of which it would be difcult to remedy. If, on the other had, Omar Pasha were to go to Redout Kaleh or ;Erz.eroum with a sufficient force, the Russias would be driven back or forced to retire " Omar Paha's knohledge of Asiatic Turkey would give Jimn advantages in carrying on wr there which no other -commander can posses, while in the Crimea his presence is c omparatively of- no value. "Her Majesty's Government, indeed, feel -doubtfud 'Whether, if the Turkish Government should desire to avail itself of Omar Pasha's special qualifcation for service in Asia, any just objections could be made to the Porte's uatizing in that quarter the services of one who has proved himself to be so able a cormmander, trd vwho has succeeded In organizing an eficient arny at a moment when some of the most important provinces of &he Turldsh empire are invader by the enemy, and when W considerable Turldsh for'ce is in danger of being made prisnonr of war. " Her hiestys Govermnent wrould doubt whether it was vise even-if- they felt sure that they had the right to do 50, to object to the adoption by the Porte of such a cour3e, mepecially as the transport of the Contingent uder Iieutesant-General Vivian eit'er to Balaklava or to Eupatoria, wrhich ever might be deemed best,would fill up, or nearly go,r the void occasionedby the removl of-Omar Pasha and 6 portion of his force to Asia Minor, and the reinforce3nen"s sent to Lieutenant-General Vivian and to the British and French asimies would add still further to the aggregate force of the allied armies in the Crimea. "-Her Majesty's Government wish that your Excellency should submit thes, observations without delay to the :NrFach Government, in the hope that they may be induced -4abkea differertAview of the questionfrom that which they have hitherto enteriained, and may enable your Excellency -o convey te Viscount Stratford De Redeliffe by the mesgieer of to-morrow, while a similar communication is made tri. de Thouvenael by the French Government, authority to recomnmend the Porte to adopt the course of detaohing - Enw Pasha and an adequate portion of his army to Asia Sinor, so that by this means the only resource which now -emains for averting from tho Turkish army in Asia the t disator which there is too much' reason to apprehend impending over it, may, at all events, not be left un£ried." The reasons adduced in the last despatch appear to Lave been satisfactory to the Emiipeior of the French. Lord Cowley telegraphs to London on the 4th *-- " The French Government will not oppose the projected expeditior, to Asia inor urider Omar Pas, provided that the munbers of the Turldsh Contingents before Sebastopol are not diminished." The same day Lord Clarendon informs Lord Stratford, by the same medium, that- " Omar Pasha can go to relieve Kars, provided he doee not diminish the Turkish troops before Sebastopol, or disturb the garrison of Yenikal&. Desire Vivian to hold himself in readineos to go to Eupatoria with his Turkish Contingent." Omnar Pasha's plan gained ground in the opinion of all parties at Constantinople. Iord Stratford, on the 30th of July, Iittle anticipating the telegraphic despatch which he was about to receive, laments- " The unfavourable judgment pasd by Ier Mjesty's Government upon the plans which have been lately under discussion" . . . The opinion that reinforcements should be sent to Ereroum by way of Trebizonde "is not adopted by the Forte, or indeed by any official or personal authority here. The Seraskier, Omar Pasha, General Guyon, our own officers, as far as I have the means of knowing, agree with the Porte and the French Embassy in preferring a diversion on the side of Redout-Kaleh, as affording better chances of success, supposing, of course, that the necessary means of transport, supply, and other indispensable wants can be sufficiently provided. France is, at the same time, decidedly adverse to any diminution of force in the Crimea; and OmarPasha, ready to place himself it the Asiatic expedition, requires for that purpose a part of the' troops now there." This despatch reached the loreign-office in London on the 8th of August, and the next day took answer by telegraph to Lord Stratfordc " GeneralVivian's Contingent to go immediately to Eupatoria. "The Turkish troops there, 10,000 or 12,000, to go with Omar Pashato Redout-Kaleh. " The Turldsh troops at Balaldava and Kertch not to be diminished in nmber. " The Turksh force to go to Itedout-Kaleh, under Omar Pasba to be completed to its proper number by troops froni Bulgarfa or elsewhere, not from the Crimea." But, unfortunately, the forces placed at the disosal of Omar Pasha were not such as he considered he could depend upon. Eis briginal proposition, made to the allied generals, andby them disapproved, had beento take " the troops with him at Baak-- lava and those at Kertch, 25,000 infantry, 3,000 cavalry, from Eupatoria, and a proportion of artillery." This proposal had been "suggested by the consideration that his troops coulld not undertake the service in the trenches before Sehastopol, and by the necessity in all military operations of.preservingj as far as possible, unity of command." This point is pressed upon Lord Clarendon's notice in a letter from Colonel Simmons, of the2dof Augoust, from Constantinople, and received on the 13th, but the whole question is lucidly set fo rth in a paper drawn up by Omar himself, a copy of which reached the Foreign-office in London on the 29th. It is without date, but is inclosed by Lord Stratford in adespatch of the 16th, and accompanied by a memorandum of General Mansfield, " corresponding in a great measure with the views of the Ottoman Commander-in-Chief." Lord Stratford concludes:- " I feel myself bound in duty to Tecommend the contents of both these papers to the serious and dispassionate consideration of Her Majesty's Government. I cannot presume to offer a personal opinion on matters of this kind, but neither can J conceal my impression that a disregard of Omer Pasha' advice would expose the success of a very important and unavoidable enterprise to the most perilous chances."1 " NEXMOB4ND1JM "Substance of a draught of note addressed by Omar Pasha to the Seraslier, to be submitted to the Porte, relative to the measures to be taken to relieve the army at Kars. " All the misfortunes -which have happened to the army in Asia are to be attributed to faults in its composition, and to the fact that its chief -was not invested with full powers. " Every army in a similar condition must necessarily become demoralized. To renew: the mnorate of an army in such a condition, the only remedy is to be found in energetic measmres undertaken by an adequate force. "For this reason the Pasha considers it necessary to make the following observations relative to the proposal arrived by telegragh* from the Cabinet of London:- " 1. The troops now at Eupatoria are composed of different materials, Turks and Egytians, and are deficient in the means of land transport. n case the means of transport should be taken from the Ottoiian troops before Sebastopol, these troops will be reduced to a similar condition. It Is evident, therefore, that the troops from Eupatoria are not capable of taking the field and of nanceuvring. " 2. The troops at Eupatoria have, in stores, at that place, provisions for four months both for men and homses, 60,000 chekis of firewood, and a large quantity of reserve ammunition andbaggage. The Turkish fleet will not suffice for the transport of these stares, and, even if the alied fleets lend their aid, there will be great loss of time as well as of provisions in moving them. "Moreover, at the camp before Sebastopol, the Turks have no port or wharfs, no storehouses for provisions, or magazines for ammunition, they have no hospitals, and in case the Egptians should be taken to the camp before Sebastopol, in order to allovwthe Turks being taken thence to Asia, being without huts, the Egyptians, without being utili2ed for the wnar, would, before the spring, perish of "3. If the Egyptians were to go Asia, as it will le necessaryto keep the field during the commencement of the winter, coming, as they do, from a hot climate, and being without the means of. transport, they could not perform the necessary manceuvres; and the army being composed of different materials, there would be but little chance of success in the great and important operation to be undertaken. " 4. By the execution of this project the unity of the Ottoman, as well as of the English army, will be destroyed, and it is to be observed that much of the energy, if not the existence, of an army in warfare depends upon its unity. " From the above observations it is evident that any general who would undertake the contemplated operation under the proposed conditions would not only lose his reputation, but would place the alliance in great difficulties.1 "As the Pasha has the sacred desire of being of service to the alliance, as also of maintaining his militarv honour, and as, if he accepted these conditions, by temporarily relieving the three Cabinets of their responsibility and taking it upon himself, he would bring a greater responsibility upon the same Cabinets at a later period and cause them greater embarrassments, he feels it necessary to make the following proposal, the execution of which will not endauger any operations already undertaken. " He proposes that the troops at Eupatoria should remain where they are, thus avoiding the difficulties above indicated, and that the Anglo-Ottoman Contingent should occupy Balaklava and Kertch. "In both places the troops of the Contingent wvil be. within forti'ed lines, and will be separated from other influences, and, being from the same army, they will no doubt render as good service in those positions as the troops which now occupy them. "He proposes that the Contingent shall be completed by the troops now at Kertch, and that any deficiency in numbers after these troops have joined them shall be made up from the troops now before Sebastopol. " He proposes that the troops for the expeditionary force for Aa shall be taken from Bulgaria and from before SebastopoL "By these operations all difficulties will be removed, and the unity of both the British and Ottoman ar-mics will be maintained. " The Pasha observes that, as every general in warfare ought to consider beforehand the most difficult circumstances in which he may be placed by the events of war, and to provde as far as possibe against nisfortune, he supposes the case that the army of Kaxs is destroyed before his arival in Asia, and that the Russians had advanced beyond that place, and states that in such a case, being with an army composed of different materials, in which he could not place entire confidence, be would find himself with his army m simlar difficulties to those in-which the army of Asia is now placed, and would thus not only cause great danger to the Turks but also to the -whole alliance. - "ThePasha ftither observes, that every general to whom an operation is confided ought to consent to the operation and its mode of execution, in order that he may be held responsible for its conduct; and adds, that if the conditions he proposes are accepted, and full powers given to him fof their execution, then, trusting to the goo s of God, he will take the entire responsibility of the operation upon The feeling which prevailed a'c Cons,tantinople at~ this time wa s certainly rather hopeful than otherwise. The circumstances, favourable and unfavouable, are -well set fort il'a letter from Lord Stratford which reached London on the 20th of August: "It results, on the whole, from these circumstacees, that the arrival of timely rehef from tho Asiatic frontier is still by no means an impossibility. The natural difficulties, however, are greatly increased by differences of opinion and numerous conflicting demands on the scantyandscattered reaources of the Porte. Whatever is to be done must be undertaken within certin limits, and in such manner as neither to trench on the means employed against Sebastopol nor to expose the Contingent to any trial of sdrength for which it is not fully prepared. Such is the opinion of Her hMajestys Government, which loans, moreover, -ith all its weight on Trobizonde as the only true channel of relief. The Commander of the French forces would see with regret the departure of Omar Pasha from before Sebastopol, espedally if his Highness were attendedby any portion of his troops not stationed there: The Pasha himself is ready to take the command of an expeditionary force directed on Kutais from Redout-Ealeh, and he reckonsfor that purposo onlO,000 men from Batoum and the Circassian coast; on 17,000from BalaIlava; on 3,000 from Kertch- and on 5,000 from Bulgaria, with the necessary addition of artillery, and a small force of cavsary. He would like to-replace the 20,000 men thus proposed to be withdrawsn from the Crimea by the Contingent, completed to its full amount byadraught of 10,000 men from Bulgaria. He gives as the reasons for his preference for the troops at Balalclava, thai he knows them better than the battalions at Eupatoria, and that they are habituated to his comnmand, It is not unworthy of remark that Omar Pasha, on whom would devolve all the risk, fatigue, and responsibility of the expedition, reckons with cheerfulness oni the means of carryig it into cffect, and even anticipates -with confidence a successful result. According to his convictions, tho army and the two fortresses which protect the Asiatic fron- tier of Turkey are in imminent danger, and their fall would expose the empire on that side to tho most perilous disasters including a heavy loss of supplies to the allied armies in the Crimea. He does not conceal his opinion that an attempt to send reinforcements by Trebizonde wouid infalliby provo abortive, and that the only fair prospect of frustrating tho Rusgsan attack would be a diversion from Redout-Xaleh. He asserts that no serious obstruction is to bo spprehended to the west of the defiles beyond Kutais, where the arrival of the expeditionary force would at once compel the Russians to,retire from Kars, in order to cover their vast unprotected magazines at Tiflis. "It can hardly be denied that the scheme is plausible. The military authorities here, in so far as I have access to them, are decidedly favourable to it. i"The course which I have pursued amid so nany motives to a vigorous support of the only practicable scheme 6of relief, and so many perplexing considerations fatal alike to every hope of realizing it. in time, partakes naturlly of the difficulties which I have had to encounter. I made-no reserve in communicating the adverse opinions of Her Majesty's Government to the Porte; I have continued to urge -the necessity of respecting tho paramount interests engaged in the Crimea, and to abstain from experiments unprovided wiith ample means of execution. I have, at tho samo time, lentan attentive earto all the suggestions of the Porte, and I have not repressed those hopes which sometimes ripen into views of just conception and successful issue. ,,An expedition composed of European forces would not only give better promise ofsuccess, butalso asecurity against the political results of Turkish conquest. But I have yet to learn thaf there isany prospect df succour in that form, or any chance of relief lut what is derivablo from the Sultan's troops." The telegraphic despatch of the 9th, sanctioning the expedition to the Redout-Kaleh gave great satisfaction at Constantinople. Omar Pasha was Fully convinced that any attempt to operate by the wray of Trehisonde w ould prove abortive. Besides the want of time, and difficulties occasioned by the badness of the road, his Highness araucs that on no military calculationcould he reckon upon meig able to rneet on eqnal termns the Rusrsian army now engaged in beaieginglKars, and advancing on Brzeroum." While the project of Omar Paswha for relieving Kars was being discussed at Constantinople, London, and Paris, events of even greater importance were taking a course highly favoarable to the allied Powers. The faiure of tho 18th of June had been followed by preparations on a far greater scale for a new attack upon Sebastopol; and on the 16th of August, the very day on which Lord Stratford transmitted the memorandum of Omar PashaZ to his Government the last attempt of the enemy to relievethat fortress had received a signal discomfitme at the bridge of Traktir. To one looking around over the whole political horizon the danger impending over Kiam was, after all, the only overclouded spot. A week before the victory of the Tchernaya the arsenal of Sweaborg had been reduced to ashea without the loss of a single man from the fire of its defenders, The approaches of the besiegers were now pushed close up to the edge of the Malnkioff, the key of the whole souther side of the beleaured city; and the capture of this was obviously either just at hand, or, should the attack be once more reDulsed, an event sarcely to 'be looked for at all. Under these circulnstances it was plain that even the fate of Kars became, a matter of secondary importance compared withthe paramount question of the fall of Sebastopol ; and that even the most promising plan for its relief must not be entertained if entailing the least risk to the gigantic effort about to be made, success or failure in which would, irrespectively of everything else, make the campaign of 1855 one of the most brilliant success or of the direst calamity to the allies. Sach considerations as these, no doubt, induced Lord Stratford to repair in person to the Crimea, in order to mediate between the apparently conflicting views of the Turkish Government, under tho inspiration of Omar Pasha, and the military commanders before Sebastopol. 'At the same time the English Court, accompanied by the Foreign Minister, paid a visit to the French capital, a coincidence which, whether fortuitous or not, must have been eminently favourable to the maintenance of that perfect accordance between the great Powers which the momentous crisis rendered necessary. The Queen arrived at B3oulogne on the 18th and left it on the 27th of August, and during this interval the Foreign Secretary received the melancholy accounts of the proceedings of General Monravieff down to the first days of August. Remaining quiet in his camp before Kars, he sent oiit his powerful cavalry in all directions. On the 21st the roads from Kars to Olti and that to Ardahan were blockaded. By the latter the scanty supply of barley which supported the horses of the garrison had been received. Supplies of biscuit,, flour, and wheat, still however remain. But although these are for nearly three months, yet "Any reinforcements sent by the Turks, from whatever quarter they may be, must come with convoys of provisions; otherwise, such accessories of force would amount to positive loss to the chances we nowfeel of holdinnoultuntil the allied Governments, by wise combinations and sufficient forces, can oblige the Russian army to retire into Georgia." Another report causes General Wiliams anxiety. Several battalions of the Russian troops, expelled from the forts in the Black Sea, are said to have reached Teilis. They are said to be " in great disorder," but " such is the discipline of the Russian army, thai these bands may soon be reorganized, and added to General Mouravieff's forces now before us." This piece of intelligence is very curious, as illustrating both the value of the operations by which the allies obtained the command of the Sea of Azoff, and the readiness with which,the Russians utilized the misfortune which then befel them. Kertch was occupied on the 24th of May; in the coiuse of the next week the whole of the Sea of Azoff was swcpt clear of the stores on which the Russians depended; and, on the 5th of June, the enemy blew up and abandoned A napa, in n hich, as the strongest of the forts on the Circassian coast1 he had concentrated all his garrisons, and, then several thousand strong under Admiral Serebriakoff set off in full muarch forEkaterinodar onhiswaytoG~eorgia. The suddenness of their departure from Anapa, owing to the allied flotilla having cut oft their coimnnications, fully explains the "great disorder" in which they arrived at Teflis. On the 28th of July Mouravieff shows signs of an intent to try his fortune on the south-east side of General Williams's camp; but the Commissioner is vigilant, and "Byfour day' cheerfulbut incessant labour, the infantry has completed five rows of traus de loups round the redoubts and breastworks, extending 6,000 yards; these conical holes, three feet in diameter and three feet deep, addmnuch to our power of resistance. " The enemy's powerful cavalry still bock uo the roads leading to Erzeroum and Ardahan, and destroy the growing crops; his transport department, as I have already informed your Lordship, is enormous; yesterday a convoyof 5,000 waggona passeed towvards their great camp, protected by every posible combination on the part of the enemy.". A fewv daysIater Erzeroum is menaced; Viceconsul Stevens writes from Trebizond, enclosing a. letter thence of the date of August 3 in which it is stated that a division of Russians, under General Sussalof, had united itself to a Cossack force which had been stationed at Mollah Soliman, and, forming a force together of 12,000 men, had marched towards Erzeronm, andhad ieached'Tissai-Kaleh on the 2d, driving in, on the way, the Turkish outposta at Kupri-3Key. Hassanl Pasha is only 18 miles from Erzeroum. The population had been thrown int'o eonsternation, the council had-assembled, and orders been published to prevent people from quitting the city, and calling on all to take up arhis and proceed to Ddvdboyolou, to resist the Russians. The C>rimean telegraph new, at any rate, begins to show its utility. The three next despatches were sent by it. (Extract.)- "cIORD- SIFORD DE RED)cX TO 'HE EAR o "Before Sebastopol, August 2Q, 1855. "I request to be informed definitively apd immediately here whether Omar Pasha may take Turklish troops in whole or in part from Balaklava, provided they be replaced by others of the same numnerical force; and whether General Vivia's Contingent is in that case at liberty to take position before Sebastopol instead of going to Eupatoria. Omar Pasha is expected from day to day. He makes his expedition conditional on the power of acting as above. He has stated plausible reasons for this. If transwrts cau be spared by us [the troops?] may land, it wo Id seem, at Xedout-Kaleh in about a month. " The Russians whothreatened Erzeroum have retiredby tho road to Kars; the Turkish army there was stated to have nearly two months' provisions early in August, "TnX EARL OF CLARENDON To LORD Cownay. " Foreign-office, August 28,1855. "My Lord,-Her Majesty's Government trust that the Government of the Ewperor will agree to.the-following answer to the des?atch from Visoount Stratford de Red- cliffe, dated'Bdaklava, the 26th of August,, in which cMse. your Excellency ;wil send it on immediately from Lord ranmure to General Simpson, who will inform Visomnt Stratford de Redeliffe if he is still at Balaldaja. " Omar Pasha is to be at liberty to take such of his ovwn troops as he pleases from Blablava to Asia. .They must. be replaced in equal numbers by Lieutenant-General Vivian's Contingent, or by troops from Bupatoria, aS- the allied generals mnay decide; and intructions accordingly mst be given, in conjunction with the *dmirals, as to transporting them." (Telegraphic.) " LoRD COWLEY TO Tii E.usL OP CLARENDON. "The Emperor has ' "Paris, Aug. 29, 1855. TheEmprorhasijoobjection to the remioval of the TurRis'h troops fromn Balaklava, and to their beintg replaced by others, provided that the allied Commanders-in-Chief have no objection; but he will not take upon himself the lesponsibility of saying more. Under these circumstances I send the telegraphic aespatch to General Simpson, insert. ing, after the word ' Asia,' the words 'provided that you and General Pelissier have no objection.' On the 29th of August Lord Clarendon received the two following despatches from Colonel Simmons at Constantinople. Tnhe first, dated August 16, explains Omnar Pasha's view of the prospects before "The Pasha doubts if the expedition will now be in-time to sAve the garrison of Kars, but, if not, it will at any rate prevent the eneny from establishing himself in the government of Erzeroum, and there organizing measures for a further advance into the interior in the next campaign. " His reasons for preferring Xutals as a base instead of Trebizond, as recommnended by Her M-ajesty's Government, ase shortly as follows "If he should move from Trebizond upon Erzeroum, the movement would be of long duration and, difficut, from the distafice to be traversed and the mountainous nature of the country, which is only traversed by mule roads, rendering the passage of artillery a work of great labour aud of slow procsthis case if the army of shoald have beenbeaten 'before his arrival and the garrison of Ears either captured or disbanded, he woul&find himself inferior in force to the enemy, and ,therefore unable, his army being fatigued and diminished by a long-and difflcult march, to reconquer the lost ground; whereas by moving upon Xntais, the enemy whose principal force is in the neighbourhoodOrfars, would be constrained to retire a large portion of that force, not having other troops available in front of Teflis to coVer that town and his coninmunication with it. " If the Pasha could, by a rapid movement in sufficient force, gain Eutais and seize the Souron Pass, which is the key of the Telis Road, he condders he would there be in a position, according to circumstances, to act against Tefes or unite his force byAhkiska with the army of Kars, if that place should not in the mean time have fallen. "These are the Paslias reisonsfor preferring a movement from Redout Kaeh instead of from Trebizonde. They are based upon the best information, in his possession, from which it would appear that the total of the Russian regular forces amounts to 80,000, of which about 35,000 men are beforeKars, or towards Erzeroum, the remainder being distributed thronshout Georgia and Mingrelia, with but a small force of about 15,000 men between Tedis aud Redout Kalebh. " It is evident, from this distribution of his army, that the Russian general has considered that the allies could nothave sufficient disposable force to threaten his rear from the direction of Redout Ealeh." The second, of 'the date of the 20th, expresses the feeling of the Turkish Government as to the causes of past -failure, and the consequences likely to follow from the ceatastrophe which is expected - II I have to inform your Lordship that an aide-de-camp of the Seraskier arrived last evening from Kars, which heleft about 15 days since, having talcen his departutre by night, and carefully avoiding in his route the most frequented roads. He was not the bearer of despatches, as it appeared dangerous to intrmst him with vritten documents, for fear of his falling into the enemy's hands. "He reports that, at the timo of his departure, the stores within the town' of Kars did not contain more than sufficient provisions for the garrison for one month, or five weeks at the outside, and that they were not I wellprovided with ammunition. This, howvever, does not appear to be of much consequence, as General Mouravieff had proclaimed to his army, which, by the reinforcements it has received, is stated now to number about 50,OO men, his determination to reduce the town of Kars by stavation, and to captare the garrison without firing a shot. "It is evident that his proceedings correspond with this announcement, for the Russians have not opened trenches against the town, and merely content themselves vwith a strict blockade. " They have caused the inhabitants to remove everything in the shape of -provisions throughout a district vithin a radius of eight hours -(28 miles) round Kars as a centre. "The Russians had advanced, and shown themselves within 10 miles of Erzeronm, the Tarks not beine in sufficient force to oppose them at Kupri-Eeay, and about 30 miles from Erzeroum, where they had thrown up some intrenchments to cover the town. The Russians, however, had since fallen back again towards Ears. "The force atErseroum consists of 6,000 regular troops, and 12,000 irregular, but many of these latter are leaving and dispersing. "I learnt the above from Omar Pasha this morning, and from his conversation it is evident that the -Porte are deeply impressed with the deplorable state of affairs in Asia, and are almaost in despair at the apparent certainty of losing, towards the end of this month or early in September, the garrison of Kars, 16,000 men, with nearly 200 pieces of artillery, of which about 70 are field-guns. - "It would appear, from the Pasha's observations that they attribute this approaching disaster primarily to the mismanagement and neglect of affairs by the late Government, and look upon Redschid and Riza Pahas as especially culpable.- "It would appear also that they are very much grieved and disappointed at the time which has been lost in endeavouring to recover their position and save the garrison of Ears, and that the Ctbinets of Paris and London, as well as the military authorities in the Crimea, have not considered the subject in that serious aspect in which it presents itself to the Porte, but have objected to the propositions which have hitherto been made with a view to retrieving their position and preventing the disaster. " Omar Pasha has authorized me to state, as his opinion, that he feels satisfied that the effect will be very shortly felt, probably within'a few weeks, by the advance of the enemy's cavalry, which is very numerous, and by a-prohibition- wthich he will impose upon the inhabitants to pre. vent all articles of provision from being brought to Trebisonde, Sainsoon, and Sinope for exportation for the use of "Some of the Kurds, it appears, have already joined the Russians, and probably a decisive success at Ka wll take effect on the Persians. " The result will be that a great part of the Asiatic dominions of the Porte, with its resources in men, money, and rovisions, will be lost, for a time at least, to the Turks. "The loss of revenue will be most seriously felt by the Turks in the prosecution of the war; and Omar Pasha appears to .hink that there may even be difficulty in keeping the soldiers of the army of Roumelia together, as they have been in great measure recruited in Asia; and hearing that their country is open to the Russians, wvithout any force, however small, to oppose their progress through it, they will nfaturally, if not sent, seeki to desert, with the hope of savng their families from the hands of the " The wliole of these considerations, which press with great weight on the Porte, cause Omar Pasha more than ever to desire to make a decided movement, -with the least possible loss of time, with the troops, according to the proposition which I forwarded to your Lordship in my despatch of the 16th inst. "For this reason he hopes to obtain the assistance of France and Elngland for the conveyance of his troops, and for provisioning his army; for he says that without it the Tarks alone cannot perform the operation withina reasonable time, and therefore the small force, 6,000 men, in Erzeroum will be dispersed, making, with the garrison of Ears, a loss of 22,000 men to the common cause, besides a numerous artlery. "From the tornl affairskhave taken, he appears to consider it questionable wzhere the point of disembarcation should be, hut must leave its determination to the development of events, and to the movements whichithcaRussians may here- ' after decide on making." The 'above ds3patches, combined with the telegraphic communications of the 26th, 28th, and 29th, induce the belief that, at the-date of,the last, the English, French, and Turkish Governments concurred both in the plan proposed by Omar Pasha and in the modin n which it should be carried out. But at tho camp before Sebastopol the matter appears to have been viewed with quite other eyes. A comimunication took place from General Simpson, which is not given in the blue-book, althoulgh it is difficult to overrate its importance, as will be seen by the result it produced. It appears to have been telegraphic, and, perhaps, was made to ILord'Panniure, with reference to the telegraphic despatch from Paris of the 29th. Its uature will be gathered from the 4wo following letters; and i-ts effect from the circumstance that Lord Stratford, on the 26th, expressed a belief that if transports could be spared' by us the troopa of Ornar Pa:ha hmigt land at Redoute Ealeh " in about a month." '.' LDMTU N-T A o-UOLOBL S ONS TO THE: EARL OF CLARENDON-ecieSptm r5. odnstantinople, A ugust 26, 1855. My Lord,-I have to inform your Lordship:that Omar Pssha has stated to me that he -wil not be able to leave Constantinople for five or six days, as he is occupied in making the necessary arrangements for-theexpeditior-to Asia, and his, preseicee here is-absolutely required to com.plete them. -- "I yesterday lwas present at a,meeting at the Capudan Pasha's, at which the Seraskler and Oa mar Pasha were present, and when the 'necessary orders were given for carrymg the following =Tangements into execution . - " According to the calculationis then made, the Turkidh sailingfleet, consisting of six ships, are enpabIe of caryin at oneotime 5.950 men or 1,360 horses. The steamers - longing to the Government, seven in number, of which three hve recently rchased, with five others -which the Government have eitEer hired or are on the -point of hiring, are capable of carrying at one time-10,450 men and 2,060 horses. - - "Orders were therefore given for these ships5 the greater: part of which havealready proceeded to Siopolis or Yarxn, to embark -three batteries- of artfllerv with ihaMri-i and borses complete, and to fillup entirelj with-baggage horses, which will proceed at once, the sailing vessels towed by Ateamerq, to- Batoum; "-They will thlen return and load entirely-vith infantry: " OmarPasha hopes thus to land -15,000 men- and 3,420 horses in Asi4 .in two trips of the Turkissh fleet alone, the operation occupying from three weeks- to a month, or for each voyage from ten days to n fortnight. This calculation however, miy differ.very much from the edality, if the wex-ther should prove to be tempestuous and-prevent the Oailing ships froui being towed. "The bagaage horses anl artillery' leing landed, the Pas a hopes that, so-soon as the infantry arrive, he will be able at once to advance with the- troops already there, so as to take them out of the unhealthy cnlimte of e coast and to make 'some slight demonstration before the aival of the rost of -his troops fron the C-in;en. - ' "The pontoon train and remainder oflhq baggage horses will follow according aS the means of transport are found. - "OmarYasha.is most desirous that anssiz4ance should be - gvenby he llis i onvyin th toap.; and their-natrIieZ frombefre Sbasopol ai bagagehorses froma Sizopcdiaa41~e ~ustIcs heP~Q pactajlewsy in whiclLhti4 I The telegraphic despatch of August the oth. could be done would be by. allowing tho English fleet to convey the troops on from Uor6 Sebasto'Ilto Asia, after 'having conveye the contingent to Balava to replace them. "The Pasha intends himself to go to the coast of Asia to examine the positions and obtain information before the first ships can amve and disembark their freights." "TnxE EAmL op CIxND0N TO IEuTENAXT- COLO.NL Smo.s. "F oreign-office, Sept. 7, 1855. 'Sir,-The account of the arrangements proposed by Omar P~asha for the relief of the army in Asia, which is contained in your despatchl of the 26th ult. is inconsistent with subsequent statements which have reached Her 2ajesty's Govermnent. "In your despatch you report that Omar Pasha reckons upon takng a portion of the Turkish troops from before Sebastopol, and replacing them by Geneml Vivian's Contingent. But it appears by a despatch of a later date from General Smpson, t nt Omar Pasha has given it as his opinion that General Vivian's Contingent would not be fit to take up a position before Sebastopol until next spring; and in consequence of that opinion, and by reason of General Simpson's protest against having the Contingent sent tohim, which protest was founded upon Omar.Jasha's bopinion, Her Majesty's Government have determined that the Contingent shall not go to join the army before Sebastopol"' It is only fair, in judging of the " protest" of General Simpson wihch occasioned this letter, to remember that onthe 5th of September began the fearful bombardment, which terminated in the capture of the southern -side' of Sebastopol on the 8th. The protest having been made it was inpossible to avoid acting upon it. But on what was it founded ' The following letter from Colonel Simmons, now with the Pasha at Kamara, will explan. It is dated September 23d,-about the time at which it was expected the troops might be landing at Redout Kaleh-and was received in London on the 3d of October:- "I have to aclnowledge the receipt of your Lordship's despatch of the 7th inst., in which your Lordship observes that the account of the arrngements prooosed by Omar Pasha for the relief of the army in si, winch is contained in my despatch of the 26th i,lt., is inconsistent with suLbsequnentt sta tements which have reached HerlMajesty's Govera. "In that despatchlhadreported that Omar Pasha reckons upon taking a portion of the Turkish troops from before Sebastopol, and replacing them by General Vivian's Contingent; but it appears, by a telegraphic despatch of a later date fromGeneralSimpson, that Omar Pasha hasgiven it as his opinion that GeneralVivian's Contingent would iot be fit to to take up a position before Sebastopol until next sprig, and in consequence of that opinion, and by reason of General Simpson's protest against having the Contmgent sent to Lim, which protest was founded upon Omar Pasha's opinion, HerMajesty's Government have deternined that tte Contingent shall not go to join the army before Sebastopol. cOn this srlbject I beg to inform your Lordship that this opinion was given by Omar Pasha in a letter to General Siumpson early ini the month of July on the subject of the completion of the eontingent, and before he was of the criti- calpositonof the army in Asia. He then stated that he was strongly of opinion that enLeral Simpson could not contemplate making use of the Contingent In the open field (enD rase caTpagne) in front of the enemnyuntil the officers and soldiers had become acquainted with each other, and until the officers had learnt-safficient of thelanguage to inspire confidence in the soldiers, and to command them in the field before the enemay.- " The I'asha then went on vwith a proposition to evacuate Shunla of all other troops, and to give up the hospitals, barracks, stores, &c., to the Contingent for the winter, and to complete that force by directing 10,000 men from the army of PRomnelia upon Shumla. "Before this letter was sent by the Pasha, Lord Raglan had on several occasions asked me whether I thought it would be possible to make ase of the Contingent to hold the lines of Balakiava, so that the whole of theBritish army might be made available for the siege of Sebastpol or for field operations; and, upon consulting Omar Pasha upon the sabject, he told me that he saw no objection to it if his Lordship considered it absolutely necessary, although no doubtit would be better for the formation of the Contingent if it could be assembled altogether in a garrison town like Shumla. " Soon after the above proposition 'was made by Omar Pasha information arrived of the condition of the army of Kars, and he proposed to take the troops hence to Asia, as reported in my despatch of the 15th of July. This proposition would not have interfered with that as to the Contingent, but the Generals in conference refused to accede to It.
TO THE EDITOp Op THE TIVES. Sir,-Yon lately brought under publc notice the case of the mother who, under the Royal- Warrant of the 23d of October, applied to the War-office for the return of L,807. advanced by her to purchase her son's promotion. Since your article on the administration of that warrant appeared another warrant has been promulgated, mnakng the grants of a more eleemosynary character than the first had done, and by substitating the word "pecuniary" for that of "wealthy," in relation to the circumstances of the claimants, clearly indicating the intention of the War-office to restrict the relief afforded within the very narrowest hounds. A despatch of General Simpson's has also been laid upon the table of the House of Commons, since the publication of yourartcle, contaming alist of officers recommended for rewards and promotions for their distinguished services on the 8th of September. -Intha list occurs the name of the officer whose mother has bee.nrefsed the return of the s um she had advanced to him. Tn reference to the British graves in the Crimea Lord I'alnerston remarked a few nights ago in the louse of Commorns that, judging them by their conduct to the prisoners of Kars, it coud not be oubted thatthe Russians vho knew so well how to treat the living nould show proper respect to the dead. Btnt, Sir, whatever may be the treatment of our living heroes by the Waroffice, the authorities there seem determined to show neitherrespect for those who have fallen nor commisefation for their survivors. Does Lord Panmure believe that, if (supposing this mother's case not to come -within the letter. of the warrant regulations-within the spirit it does most surely come) he exercised his discretionary powers by returning the sum above mentioned to the bereaved mother, one single voice, either in or out of the House of Commonsv.wouldbe raised in condemnation of his liberality? Would it not be thought rather an act of justice than of generosity? while his refusal may be said to be a passing over of the claims to consideration -which the distinguished services and death of a most meritorious officer might surely have purchased for her, who is apparently to be condemned to want because she sorrows. Will not the House of Commons devise a remedy to oounteract the harsh conduct of the War-office ? I am. Sir. A YOICE FROM THE CEMETERY ON CATHCART'S-HILL.
ThE TRADE or RAxaooN.-We asserted the other day that it was to cultivation we must look for 'the riches of Peg.9 The vast alluvial plain of the IrTawvaddy contains few minerals, anv will bearno timber. The forests which still exist upon the hills have been lavishly cut down, and pstroleum and cutch, sticklac and ponies will not of themselves enrich a province. It is to rice and sugar, indigo and oil seeds that we must look for the future resources of Begu. Coffee may be grown upon the slopes, tea may be indigenous toward the East, there are raunours of cotton of a longer staple than is common in Bengal; but all these cultivations require time andcapitaL Itis from the rich mud, which a ryot can cultivate as well as a planter, which re- iuires no capital and no skiled labour, that we must look or our fist returns. It is population, therefore, not capital, that is indispensable. If any proof were reuire,d of the correctness of this assertion, it would be found in a return representing a total movement of trade for-the half year to the extent of more than 800,0001. a-year. The item of sundries is somewhat too comprehensive, and conceals, we suspect, no small quantity of publie stores -which slhould scarcely be computed in a table of custom-house returns It is, however, 'with the exports -that we have principally to do. The largest single item is rice. Cutch, which comes next, is almost entirely imuported, we believe, from the Shan States, andis not a production of Pegu at alL The export of timber is singularly small, the truth being, we suspect, that the large pieces arerequired on the spot, while the smaller timber is comparatively unsaleable. The comparative value of the ride trade, is even more cospicuous in the return from from Bassein. There it appears to be the sole staple of export. Of tho total value exported during the six months, 1i2,400r., no less than 98,752r. is comprised in this article alone. The fact may account for the disappointment which has been expressed at the smallness of the trade. Pegu has no exports, and will have none til the want of population has been remedied. With 4,000,000 of cultivators it mnight rival- Bengal. With half-a-mlllion, it mnst Temain as it is at present, a province of undeveloped camabilities. There are no heavy Kuties to check the increase of commerce in the port. The value of.dutiablo goods imported in the second quarter of 1846, was 3:47,9l4. The duties -imposed amounted onlv to 17,641, equivalent to an od vl aorem tixxof 5 per cent. ~he amount exported [was -100,996, which paid only 2,642r., or less than 2A. per cent. all round. It is the want OI population, and that alone which checks the development ol' the pron e.-.nicd of India. -GLASGOw, March 22.-Cottonk-Very little'business has been done in cotton this week. Prices for the lowrer aualities ofAraericaii are ld. lower than last week. The emand for goods and yarus continues very active, and the advance now obtainbale on goods is quite eqa to that realized on yarns. As producers are almost all working to order and stocks light an all hands, it anpears certain that rices must still go higher, and that spinniug and manufacLring will now prove what it has not been for some time) a profitable business. ri6 Iroan.-The speculative demand for storekeepers' warrants, noticed in our last, caused a considerable pressure for prompt delivery, driving prices to 72s. 6d., at which contracts were arreged on onday, while for deferred delivery- 69s. was eaferly accepted. Since then, immediate wants beirg suppied; a rapid decline has taL-en plaoe, and the relative values forpromnpt and forward delivery. havet approached the reguar standard_ To-day transactions3hnve notbeei reportedL Sllers, hov;evar, would have accepted 6Ss. cas4 buyers keeping off. PThe feeling in the trade is decidedly in favour of lower prices, and only pressing orders are supplied. Sb ppi, giro,n>o.T-691, G, Cd so 3, 67s.;. Gartshzrrie, 73s. THE RucBiry PoisoNxmas.-The wilt for the trial of William Palmer, at the April sessions of4heCentral Criminal Court. is returnable on the 15th, being r thaBrat day of term. Althiough the granud juy have! ignored the bill in the case of Walter Palmer, tho accused iii be tried on thle coroner's inquisition, the i'wy having ret=)neda verdict of wilful murdoet agaipst Paluierin hi.at cass. It is believed that tht frst ca%se will bh That for the aUeged P0oisoing of bIr. Qmlk ,
THE CORY TID. : IU=-LAI.Z, MoNDA.Y .A1T-ODOY 3AUM 21X I ur arrivas last week were light, foreign Oats and Ama. rican flour excepted. The exports were increased'-viz., to 1,614 quarters of wheat, 1,642 qturters of oats, d 113. sacks of flour. - .7 The spply of home-grown wheat was 5,069 qiai4sers, the. foreign, 7,783 quarters; of w,hich 2,300 quarters Were fromi India, and 1,600 quarters from Nbew Orleans. TWm noing there vas a fair show of wheat from the near counties, in better condition. Some early sales at the KEenish stands Were made at only 3s. less money; but as the day 'dvanced it was necessary to concede 4s. to 5s., to make any progress, and then samples were only partially cleared. Foreigga ya" entirely neglectec, and prices were nojhina], The quantity of country flour was 11,761 sacks, with 150 sacks from Rotterdam and 10,563 barrels fromimerica* Trade was very heavy, 1orfolks being reduced to 48s. par sack, and American was 2s. less per barrel. Of barley the supply was very short-say, 1,375 iDngliisf, and only 40 quarters foreign-yet buiness wzas entirely with. out animatioR at former rates. 2,Ialt, on the contrary, experienced a livelyinguiry at fully last week's quotations. The supply of oats was almoDt exclusively foreigna-ay, 16,832 quarters out of 18,14L Sales proceeded slowly at mnuch the same prices as this day se'nnight. The arrivals of beaus and peas, though limited in the former to 460 quarters, and the latter to 292, did not help the rates, which were unaltered. Ldnseed, with a supply of 2,564 quarters, found a gooa inquiry at quite as much money. It was the same, with cakes. Tares, with moderate accessions, scarcely masintain. their prices; but iu cloverseed an active trade is experienced at, unabated value. I other seeds no change. The demana for all descriptions of agricultural seeds continues active at full prices. With a decreasedsupply of French rod cloverseed holders are very firm; and fine qua, lities obtainrather high rates. The same remark applies to trefoils and white cloverseed. Rye grasses are very scarce, and command extreme rates. Aocoit of Com aried in I,Andon rom 3Mrh 17 to Xrch 22. V1RE1iT PBIOEM OF' BUrTI GRAIN A-N PLOU. fl MA I-LAN'- 3hbllnw per quarter. Wheat-7mex: and Rent, white. new . ..63 to 72 extra -to 763 Ditto,rectnew ..... ..0-67 -- 72 Nomfo%k LinoolABblMe &.nd7FOtk&bir red,new . .. OD- G -m-70 Baller-MA1ting' new. 40 ..-~ Cheralier * e Distlling Z* ~ 3 Malt~- =esez?4oIok, and Snflk. ;5 7--7 ii 73 oEton. Ware, and towni-made ..70-72 -78 R rye *62 -65Bye -~~~~~~~-43 Ofits- !ngis fee 2-2 =- Potato . ~~~~23-28 Scotchfeed,new 5 W * 24-26 Dit,od * 26 23 Potato * 27-23 Irish,feed',,Whlte * 1-i m --23 Ditto, bbek *19 -21 -- 22 Beans-asgn.-.. 3-84 Ticin 3~~~~~2-35 Pigeon z . 7-4 Wea&- VWhite boDlis 40-44 3Maple 42 - 4 Gray.. . .. 7. MiOWz- Tonmd,per sac of 280Th. -. es365 Household, town . 59 -60 PORIG2¶ GRA.INT. ur WheatDsnk~, mixd - 1 to 8t bigh zaixed-- et.to9 Konigabeg ..SD082 - - -83 --85 Bogtoc,usw..75-76 fne -78- --86 Anaercan,hite78-8 ped it Pornra,Mckb.andUcerk, =2-1 818 Bjleos.red..76-7 wht 0 82. Od ~67 -70 ,,72 73 burg kig . 8-0 TO e .. * 12 -78 r4xleY-Grindin *23 Distilling * ~~36 33 Oste Duth. bew.and Polands 25 .. 2 Dstto. feed * ~22 23 Daihand Swedis fed _.24 Stralsund23 5 Besns- F'riesland ad Hofstein 73 Ronigsberg *37 3 =536 indian Cora-Wbite. 36 2.39 Yellow *38-40 Ilour-- Spsalsrh, per sawk E 6-58 Anio'icnsor pebarre 3 -37 Ditte, sweet, ditto - 39 jBnrITsa EE I. N. Cloverseed, red, per cwt * 27 - P Ditto.whito SD, 8--U Trefoil, Per cwtt.* 6 - 5D Tarem, winter. per bushel .7.d Corinnder.parcwt, ..20-A Caraway, per cwt, new 50 - Canary. prerr. - LW-d Lr r. swig~73&;: crushing . -77 Lke,per ton a= £1 13 10 Rapeseed, per qr.. new .88 - 90 Ca1ke,per tat - £7 0 X? 10) ~overed~d,Erneh G7 Coindrper cw t , 1520 Caraway ~~~~~~~~~~42-46~ Linseed, per qr.-Bsltte . ..65-8ET Bombay * 6~~~9---78 Os,ke,perton * £~~~~-121 lD 13 0 Ilap-esed uc 85 - 90 Oake.perton * ~~'1 o X7l
MEBTOPOLITAN CATTLZMABKET, AfarchL 24. The arrival of cattle nnd sheep into the port of London from the continent during the past week has been tritling. The Oustom-house return gives an entry z;f 686 oxen. 83 calves, anu - 38 sheep. making a total of 803 head. The supply of beef to-day was very short, the niunber of beasts o0 offer being less than 3.000 ead. This gave firmeEatoprivezs andbusrnes wvas done with xeadiness atatrhlingndrTce on previous rates.' Of mnutton also the supply was short. the total of sheep in the market boeing only about 11,00Q. The demand ws active, and the trade therefore brisl, and an advanee in pr.ees-aobtained. SouthDowna Went atlls. 2d. per stone of 81b. The demand for lamb *as necessarilylc sactive to-day, as was to be expected. The supply was good both in number and quality, but tho tendsproved slow.. and.]ast Prida~s priree wrereharelyobtained. In veal and ptork there wtas no alteration. Comparative Statement of Prices, and Supply of Cattle at Market. This dcay Mondav. March 24 1i3S6. - -
LONDBOJ TUESDA MACH 25, 18W. We have not done justice to hIr. MAucvs argument-his argument, we mean, agains' the English Government, and its presiumptuous act of advertising its military service in the United States. He appeals to authority as well as to reason. WoLrus is on the side of Mr. Umscy. Wor.rs says, " It is not permitted to raise soldiers on the "territory of another without the consent of its "Sovereign." Now, if WoLrrus is right, what then ? The English Government sent out no insteuctions to raise soldiers within the jurisdiction of the United States. It only sent out instructions to advertise its military service, leaving whoever chose to avail themselves of such information to repair to English territoryto piit their choice into effect by enlisting. So much for WoLrrus. VATTED says, "The man who undertakes to enlist soldiers in a "foreign country without the Sovereign's pernmission violates one of the most sacred rights of "the Prince and nation.". VArTEL, then, only so far says what WoLvrus says. -uit VATTED says that it is wrong to " entice away the subjects of "another State." Does VATTEL by cni¶cing mean advertising, giving intelligence? If he does, of that further on. ILEuTmuxuiE, " a modern: " French author of much repute, regards permis" sion by a neutral Power to one belligerent, "thouzgh exdended to -both, to raise recruits in its "territories to be an act of bad. faith, which "compromits its, neutrality.". Well, but a man should really talk sense before he is considered an authority. How can a State possibly compromise its neutrality by allowing the same liberty to both belligerents? Our acquaintance with M. HAurTEFEurr being confined to this extract, we will not assert that he is not a writer of judgment or sagacity; but, if he is, this dictunm does not represent him fairly. But did it never.occur to Mr. MIRcY, as he was quoting the authority of publicists who lived under continental despotisms one or two centuries ago, that international rights might more or less depend upon national, and that a chauge in the due might possibly affect the other? International law obliges you to respect the rights of a national Government, and therefore, if that Glovernment possesses certain rights over its subjects, you have no business to interfere with them; and if among those rights is numbered the right to control the movements of its subjects, io prevent their leaving its territory, entering on any foreign service, or going anywhere for any purpose whatever to which the national Government objects,-mi that case you have no business to have any dealings whatever with such subjects, the issue of which many be locomotion, departure, embarcation, transit for foreign ports, and, lastly, occupation in foreign departments of commerce, -navigation, or war, without previous notice to such Governments and consent obtained from them. But, if a national Government possesses no rights over the locomotion of its subjects, or their choice of climate, place, or profession, what rights of such a Government do you hiterfere with by suggesting a choice on these points to its subjects, and informing them of the advantages they will gain by joining any undertaking, military or civil, that you have on hand? Does not Mr. MARCy, then, see that international rights depend to a certain extent upon national, just as the right of property is very largely affected by the question whether the possession which you defend realy belongs to you or not? A man trespasses on your land, and you are indignant. But is the land yours, or is it common land ? If it is the latter, you have no cause of complaint. The right between man and man would be violated if you had the right in the first instance; but, if there is not the right,: there is not the violation of it. In the same way, if a national Gov.ernment has a right to control the n3vements and conduct of its subjects, you interfere with-that right if you invite its subjects to crossthesea. But, if the national Government has no such right in the first instance, no right belonging to it is violated by such invitation. Two centuries ago the Government of this country claimed the right to control the bodily motionB of its subjects, and stopped the embarcation of the' Pilgrim Fathers. International law, then, would have been violated in those days, and the Government of CH_A.LYs L would have complained if a foreign nationi had invited English subjects to emigrate. But we should not consider any such invitation to be a violation of international law now, because the national Govermnent no longer . claims the zame right. But Mr. M&ncv raises upon a republican basis a right which supposes a despotic dominion, and takes a position which imiplies a common ground between -the United States' Government in the 19th century and CuarLs I. in, ihe 1'ith. Indeed, we cannot,but contrast the plain comraon sense which runs through the letters of our OWn .FoRIGN SXoRXTRY on this subject with tf. McArY's ambitious profundity. Lord CLARIuWON views'the matter as a man'of 'plain sense and.c6mmon judgment would, and takes a natural view of the whole case, without diplomatical pretence. But Mr. MAacy is iurofeMsional, and puts on tlle diplomatist. He appears to think, because he is in a Secretary's office, that therefore, he must argue quite differently from the way in which an ordinary sensible maa would argue. He must take higher flights, and appeal to grand abstractions-to an American sovereignty and an American neutrality, which are stipposed in themselves, and without further explanation, to be in direct conflict-no mortal can tell how-with the act of the English* Government in this affair. Europe shall see how an 'United States' Secretary can argue; that it is quite a different thing fiom common reasoning or common sense. Then Europe shall see how deep in authorities an United States' Secretary is. Yes, the Rew World is more ertudite than the OId, and beats it on its own ground. Wous andavrAT must leave upstart Europe for medinval America, and the rough sense of our backwoods must yield to the polish, the orudi-ion, and the classical lore Qf the UInited States. We commend thle truly ereditable a'mbition of the hon. Secretary, but would advise hiim, at the same time,:' to take care that the Government of the IUnited States does not under hia direction combine crudity-with obsoletenes-the asperity of a new with the pedantry of an old State.
It has always been considered a sign of. the approaching downfall of Governments or political systems when scandal after scandal has come to light among those highest placed in a country, and men have teen with astonishment and somethingl like terror the corruption of those who rule their destinies. The fall of the Roman commonwealth was presaged by portents far more significant than comets. or showers of blood, and within the last few years a dynasty of France seemed foredoomed to destruction in the terrible histories which cast a gloom over its latter days., Recent events in Berlin may well cause observers of political times and changes to reflect. Seldom have a few days brought into view so much that is foul, strange, and unnatural. Men had scarcely recovered from the surprise occasioned by I the death of HINxzrDzY, the Minister of Police, when it was announced that Herr voN CA?iITZ, auother well-known member of Berlin society, had committed' suicide. This report prevailed for two or three days, when it was announced that he too had lost his life in a duel of mysterious oragin. Scarcely are these two men in the grave, scarcely has the indecent addrezs of the President of the Upper House in the case of Herr vox RocHow been uttered, than a new and larger scandal appears. The circumstances, as far as they are known, were detailed in our Prussian correspondence a day or two ago. It can well be imagined that even in the midst of duels. aud alleged suicides, even when Peace Conferences are at their crisis, and F1uEDmRicK WiLLIAM is accrediting a representative to them, such an incident as the theft of important and compromising documents from the portfolios of two men high in CoLrt favour must move the world of Berlin. The facts are as follows :-In the course of last summer two men, one in the service of the KiNu's Private Secretary, NiEBuHR, and the other of General GE=ACH, were arrested on suspicion of having betrayed the correspondence of their masters to several persons both at home and abroad. It appears that the Cabinet of St. Petersburg fancied that certain communications made- to the Court of Berlin had become known i to the French Embassy, and oven that the operations of the allies in the Crimea had been influenced by revelations surrep- titiously made. The matter appears to have been 1 little inquired into at the time, but subsequently. it was found that a much larger mass of correspondence had been purloined, and, from what has escaped into notoriety, it seems evident that two sets of men high in the State have been intriguing against each other, and that one has .had recoursef to the most dishonourable means to learn the i aecrets and to baffle the plans of the other. - The relation of the Knua to his Ministers is singular. The responsible instruments of his administration are by no means those in closest connexion with him. Behind, and almost above ! the Ministry, is a small knot of men who, under the names of Chamberlains and Adjutants, report on the measures of the accreditedc advisers, have sight of all documents, and are said to sway the Royal purpose according to their own views. Among these are I.M. NIBUHnR and GEsLAcH, whose correspondence has been lately purloined. Though much that is asserted may be incorrect, we yet must give the accusation as we I find it. It is said that one of the K1N's inisaters has had some share in employingI or rewarding the men who have violated the sanctity of their master3' correspondence. . Last autumn a man named TEcHzx was arrested as an abettor of the men servants in robbing their masters. This person, an old man, was formerly a police spy, and well he seems to have understood his nefarious craft. Having be en for some . time unemployed and penniless, he waa accustomed to solicit alms of a gentleman occupying a hig,h office under the Minister of Finance at Potsdamr., but who had been himself a " confidential official of secret police," and as so . connected in old times with TREOnm. At last he: began to 'be less importunate for money, and confessed that he was regularly engaged at a fair salary in a most delicate servioe. To prove his .words he showed papers of high importance, which it was evident could only have been obtained, in some improper way. His benefactor was stag-1 gered, but was too much .a man of the world to make a noise about-it. Old TEOnEN was well paid, and had managed to get hold of important documents. It must therefore be evident, thought the finance -official, that he was acting under high authority. He behaved, therefore, as a goodl Prusian official ought, and contented himself with; intimating the fact " in a high quarter." One of the i papers was especially interesting. It was the copy of a report' sent to General GRar.cE& by a spy who had been employed to observe and record "'all the " Prince of 1?vnusst&'s sayings and doings. while on ." a tour of mlitary inspection, anrd was 'full' 'of " the most odious incriminations of -bis Royal "1Hi1ghness." There were also private' communications from Count 'M.IrrT,. 'at St. Petersburg, to General GHRLAcn, and it -was probably these on which the CZAR'S Government founded its representations. Some time after TzCumr- disappears, and on returning depositsI papers and money with his friend. The money he afterwards asks for by letter, and the answer he allows to be discovered in his own house, thus makdng it appear to the world that his old friend had employed him in his scandalous proceedings and sent him money for his trouble. This is the transaction as understood at present in Berlin, and mi wlich it is whispered that one of the Ministers has borne a principrl part. If it be correct, it appears, that some of the Km'o?s advisers have thought I rght to employ the vilest of mankind in discover- ing, the secrets of persons who may in some sense be called their colleagues. The whole of this strange story throws a sfrong light on the mysteries of Prussian official life, and helps us to understand a story which wa, current some time xinoe,-that the En-o, con- ciousl f tho system of espionage under which he iived, when on a visit to the Rhine last year had the greatest difficulty in communicating confidentially with an ex-Minister, who was at the same time one of HIS AAihJSTY's oldest and dearest friends and at-Last thought it necessary to appoint a meeting at a railway station, where the two could converse without fear of intrusion on their privacy. But what is most interesting to Englishmen is to find that the spy system on the continent is no exaggeration of Liberal orators, no dream of popular susceptibility, no usage of the past which is gone, never to return. ln Prussia, educated, enlightened, and artistic, we sre men of the highest rank accused on no slight grounds of practices not only unknown to this country, -but abhorrent to the feelings of every man among us. When we consider that no official of even the lowest rank in England would dare to be concerned in such enormities, it gives us some notion of the difference between our own country and the continent to find that statesmen and nobles can look on such things as the legitimate means of political suceess.
If ever there was an improvement in the machinery f6r the adininstration of justice in England, it was the establishment of County Courts. The old tribunals at Westminster, with their costly Judges, costly advocates, costly and intricate forms of procedure, were a positive curse to the nation. However beautiftul in a scientific point of view the system of special pleading may have been, it was, in fact, productive of the most monstrous injustice, -so much so, indeed, that its only practical excellenee consisted in the terror which it inspired in the hearts of the suitors. It was better in many cases to give up a disputed claim than to enter' upon a course of litigation in which the result depended far more upon the skill of the advocate than upon the justice of the cause. For a time the system, lilke other systems, was supposed to be the perfection of human wisdom, and its professors looked upon the discontent and listened to the denunciations of those who called its merits in question with the oalm disdain of conscious superiority. The crash came at last, and scarcely anything remains of this perfection of human wisdom save internuinable volun3c of reports, which will be about as interesting to future generations as the records of the disputes between the schoolmen of medioeval Padua or Paris are to human beings at the present day. The County Court was at first trusted with but slight jurisdiction, but so well did it discharge its functions that the powers with -which it was originally intrusted were repeatedly increased until they attained their present limits. These limits, however, are far indeed from stationary,-there 'is no finality clause yet in any County Court Act. It is constantly proposed to give to these young and vigorous tribiunals both the power of ad3udicating upon higher interests, and to invest them with jurisdiction over fresh classes of dispute, the latest proposition being to give them jurisdiction over the greater portion of the wills of the country. As, then, it is clear enough that a large proportion of the legal business of the country is paSSing into their hands, it isof the highest importance that the Judges to whom such important functions are intlusted should be selected from among the ablest lawyers at- the bar. The post of County Couirt Judge must be made an object of reasonable ambition to men of middle age, who are content to compromise with the dignities of the profession, and to accept an honourable post and a competence as the result of their exertions. In other words, the County Court Judge must be well paid and freed from aU humiliation, if we would secure the services of the best men for the -post. Now, upon this subject of the salaries to be received by the Judges of the County- courts there has for some tirae 'edsted' considerable irritation, which it wo6ild.be-advisable to allay at once. The difficulty h4 -arisen froni- the course pursued by the persons-wh-o- have authority in the matter. The nature of it we will enideavour, as briefly as possible, to explain. There was an act of Parliament passed in the year 1852 which provided that the salaries of the County Court Judges and their clerks might fluctiate between a uzicumwn and a mininitrn. The highest sum fied upon for a Judge was 1,5001. per annum, the lowest 1,2001. In no case was the County Court Judge to receive less than 1,2001. a-year. A letter was accordingly addressed to the Commissioners of the Treasury, directing them to carry these regulations into effect. The Commissioners exercised the discretion which seems to have been vested in them by the act and the letter iII a Treasury minute which bore date the 6th of February, 1854. By virtue of this ninute the salaries of fifteen of the County Court Judges were increased from 1,2001. to 1,5001. a-year, and these increased salaries have from that time been regularly paid. But, unfortunately, this discretionary power does not seem to have been exercised by the Treasury with due discrimination. Several Judges and clerks complained that, whvlile others of their more fortunate fellows were raised in point of salary, their claims, though they discharged absolutely more work, were neglected. At the same time, the Judges of those Courts who had, or conceived they had, nearly the same amount of work to get throuigh as their fifteen more highly-favoured colleagues, immediately bestirred themselves to obtain an increase of their salaries also. It is pretty clear that the shades of distinction and gradation are extremely fine between Court A, -which has the greatest amount of work, and Court B, which ranks next in, point of labour, although the difference between Court , the most hardly-worked, and Cdurt Z, the most lightlyworked, may be appreciable and obvious enough. Scarcely had the Treasury minute to which we have just alluded been published than such a stir was made that three more of the Judges obtained an augmentation of salary to the amount of 1,5001. a-year, and the salaries of two others were increased to 1,3501. The date of this second minute was the 30th of January, 1855. From that time, as might well have been anticipated, this agitation has been kept up. Many of the County Court Judges, who think they can show proof of having discharged more work at the year's end than their more fortunate brethren, think themselves hardlyb used, that they are left to their industry and their 1,2001. a-year. - So much stir has been made in the imatter-that the Government has at length been wvorried to action.. They are about to proceed after the' precedent of the' GoRDIx knot, and cut the difflculty of discrimination by a measure which-is to fix the salaries at once and for ever at their present amount. A bill which, while it throws new duties on the County Court Judges and clerks, asserts the principle of the status qtto as regards their salaries in future, has been brought in by the LoRD Cn&wcaLLon; and, though our highest legal officer has been almost invariably unsuccessful in his efforts at law reform, consider: uble apprehension has been excited' among County' Court officials lest this measure should prove an exception to the rule. Lord PoarPsiT , it appears, has entered the following notice of resolution on the books of the Lords "That it is expedient that Judges having co-ordinate jurisdictign should be paid salaries equal in amount. " That it is inconsistent with the judicial office that such Jndges should be paid salaries appointed fromi time to time by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasuy, varying in amount accordinjg to theirdiscretioa, or of unequalainount." This must be considered as an amnendment on the proposition contained in the CAf s' bill. In this the question of the salaries of the Judges is thus settled :-Those who now receive 1,5001. a-year, 18 in -number, are fixed at that sium, and two at 1,350;. All -the other. Judges are to have 1,2001. a-year, besides travelling expenses. In otheir words, existing anungements are maintained, and furthbr-agitation extinguished by a. decision of Parliament that the augmentation of salaries has attained its limit. 1fr. RoEnuex was also about to bring this subject under the notice of the House of Commons, but on the evening when the question was to be mooted the House was counted out. Thns we have explained the actual state of this argumnent, which is far indeed from unimportant, when we consider the influence which its decision may exercise upon the quality of our County Court Judges. The country is disposed to regard the question from a libeial point of view. These gentlemen have done us good service, and it is fitting that they should be well paid. We quite agree with the spirit of Lord PORTMA_V8 second resolution, to the effect that there is something degrading to the dignity of the Judge in the notion that the Commissioners of the Treasury may screw his income up or down at their pleasure. The point of dignity seems involved in the liberation of the County Court -Judges from the arbitrary jurisdiction of the Treasury.
The authorities of the Admiralty have responded with the most praiseworthy promptitude to the appeal which has been addressed to them through the columns of ne Times.- The Desperate and Tartarus, two steamers, are to be instantly despatched in search of the nissing Pacific. We trust their efforts in. this forlorn hope may be attended with success, and that ere many days have elapsed we may be gratified with- the intelligence that they have succeeded in rescuing the passengers and. crew of the absent vessel from the destruction which must otherwise be their fate. At the same time, we warn - the public and the friencis and relatives of those for whose safety so much anxiety is felt not to .be overmuch buoyed up with hope. The chance of success is very remote. The tiue course of action is neither to give way to exultation nor despondency, but to bend every nerve to the discharge of a solemn du'vy. The assistance which we now send would have been sent in any case, but we must not lose sight of the fact that our Transatlantic friends on their side despatched an expedition in search of our missing countrymen in the Polar Seas. Such acts as these are far better evidence of the real sentiments which prevail among the great masses of the two communities than the noisy brawling of stump orators. The intelligence that the Pacific had been rescued from her perilous condition would be hailed with as universal delight throughout the British Isles as in the United States. The steamers have probably sailed before this. GoD speed them on their errand !
TRE BLOCKADE IN THE BALTIC. On the 14th inst. the steam-frigate Sampson, 6, Captain Brock, left Faro Sound with despatches for the senior officer (Captain Watson, C.B., of Her Majesty's ship Imperieuse, 51) and letters from the advanced squadron, and at 2 p.m. of the next day the Imperieuse and Pylades, 21, Captain D'Eyncourt, got under way for a cruise in the Gulf of Finland; the day was beautifully fine, with a gentle breeeze from the north-west; thermometer at 260 Farenheit. Faro Sound was completely frozen over, but the two vessels made their way through it without any difficulty; on getting outside they found the sea perfectly smooth and the weather most agreeable, but towards sunset it became very cold; sail was shortened and frled, and-the two ships went on towards the old craising -ground, where pne of them had weathered so many, storhi diring thi 'waf. About 9 a.m. detached pieces of ice were seen 'floating about, and ,two or three large floes passed during the .night. The main body of the ice was not, however, fallen in with until about 5.30 a.m. of Sunday, when, from that time to 10 a.m. the ships passed through about 30 miles of it; the mormng was ushered in by a maonificent sunrise. To one looking from the island of Daago, perhaps, the most interesting part of the scene would have been the solitary ships moving through a sea of ice, and spurning the obstacles which came in their way. At 7 a.m. the Imperieuse encountered two small vessels from Lubeck so imbedded in ice that it was impossible for them to proceed to their destination or return wlhence they came. The history of their movements for the previous six weeks is somewhat curious, and proves that, instead of a brisk trade having been carried on between Russia and other countries (as was so confidently asserted il England), the Russian ports have positively been inaccessible to any sort of vessel whatever. These brigs left Lubeck on the-lst of February, and on the 8th, when 15 miles from Port Baltic, were compeled to return in consequence of a firm barrier of ice, through which it was impossible for them to penetrate. On the 7th of March they again started, but, instead of getting within 15 niles of their port, they are now frozen in at least 170 miles from it, with no prospect of getting liberated for the next three weeks. After communicating with these vemsels a light breeze sprang up from the N.W., and, taking advantage of the channel which the Imrp6rieuse and Pylades had made in the ice, the Lubeckers followed in their wake, vainly hoping for a way to bemade for them out of their "fix ;" but they had not gone many miles when, from the firm and compact state of the ice, and not being able from the masthead to see any open water, the senior officer most judiciously determined on not penetrating further, which the brigs perceiving, rounded to again, and in all probability will have to wait till a general break up takes place. Sail was now made, and, passing Dago at about eight miles' distance, the Imperieuse stood down the Baltic, passed Oesel about sunset, and was off the coast of Courland at 8 a.m. on MIonday, the 17th inst.; passed within 10 miles of Windau, anad, sailing along paralel to the coast, was off ibau at sunset and arrived at Dantzic at 11.3Op.m. of the 18th, and left for Fare aftet completing coal.
COURT CIBCULAR. WINDSOR, 2LARcE 24X The Queenrand Prince walked in the Hrome Park this morn,ing. Sir Charles Wood arrived in town from his seat, Hickleton-hall, Doncaster, and was present at the Cabinet CounciL The Right Hon. Baronet left London after the meeting for Portsmouth. Despatches from the Governor of Ceylon, and also from the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands, were received yesterday at the Colonial-office.
A Cabinet Oouncil was held yesterday at the Foreigu-oflice, Downing-street. The Minsfers prysent were-Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, the Marqiii of Lansdowne, Sir George Grey, the Chancellor of -the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, and the Duke of ArgylL The Council sat two hours. Tnz SprrAi SERMoN.-Yesterday, being EasterMonday, the boys of Chlist's Hospital walked. in procession, accompanied-byitheir masters, to the Mansion-house, where they were joined by the Right Ron. the Lord lMyor, the lady Mayoress, the Sheriffs, the Recorder, Town Clerk, and other civic functioinaries. They then proceeded in state to Christ Church. Newgate-street, where the Lord Bishop of Lincoln preached the Spital Sermon. Tho Bluecoat boys, accompanied by Mr. George Cooper, the composerof the muasic, sang an original Baster anthem, the words by the senior Grecian, Erisest Montague. After tho service the company adjourned: to the great hall, when the report of thennumber of children. &c., was read. In the cvenmng the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor gave a banquet to the Duke of Cambridgo aiid sver.l of the nobility and gentry. E FEcTs OF Fs rSiIoNABim BoNiTEs.-Asi eminent medical geintleitian in, Lonadon. writing to afriend in Bristol, says:-" I have to han)ent the great increase, amnong the female part tof mypraetice.of tic-doulouroux in the forehead, loSBs of sigbt ai,d gn ent suffering in the ear, induced, I firly believe, froi tite i,r-s,nr absurdc fashion of Vwearing bosnetg on the neck, iii-t,-wi tof the head. During the pst Month I bave been in atrew,zlaee upon twoyoungladies with the ticdouloureux in t.lie forchead, and several others with gimilar complaints. ii. igTh tiine that the frivolou6 bonnet of the present day blvr-- I; ;*- slrIe au way with."-Exprwss.
SECOND EDITION. THE TImEs-OFFIOB, Tvesay Mxwring. EXPRESS FROM PARIS.. The following is the letter of our Paris1correspondent, dated yesterdays 6 p.m. * The Congress met again to-day at the Min try of Foreign Affairs. N=othing certain has transpired, A rumour circulated during a paif of the xitythat the treaty of peace w-ould be announced to-moir6w. I hope so; but I am not aware of any good fXundation for that rumour. i It is announced that the state of the .Empress' health is so favourable as not to require ahy further issue of bulletins, ancd I have already megtioned that Prince Jerome was so improved tlit the bulletin of yesterday was the last. A letter from Constantinople of the 16tl mentionsthat the Ottoman Ministry had been oscupied for some days with a question of much importancthe difficulties saia to have arisen in the Parli Co gress on the Danubian Pdncpalities. itwas toped, however, that, owing to the spirit of equiwy aud moderation which animates the Plenipotentiaries, a solution would be obtained advantageous t6 ill concerned. The French Aiissador at Constantinople had received precise instrictions on that heaa from his Government, and several Cabinet Counci's were held in consequence. - No decision had beid come to. It was rumoured at Pera that the i'lenipotent-iarieesnird the insertion of the Hatti-Humayoun in the treaty of peace-. Such a measure would be received withi great favour by the Porte. It would show the determination of the Western Powers that th6 reforms comprised in the Ha-ti-Eumayoun shall Be eriously carried out. It woia, the letter says, also prove that the protectorate of the Alies would be-no vain word, and that the Sultan woaud regard it as a guarantee of seurity for the future. The Frcich Intendancc at ConstantinoDle had received oriirs from Paris to suspend all purchases; and they had already mado preparations to quit the buildings of the Russian Chancellerie. They were to remove to FunduIli, to the buildings now occupied!by the Central Pharmacie of the Fren&i army. T1) Hatti. Eluayoun relative to the refornrs recenily accordea to the subjects of the empire had been commumcated officially to all the chief towns of the -empire, and had been read by the authorities to the:consuls summoned for that purpose. The following private telegraphic despa tches have.- been received:- "MARSEILLES, lARCH 23. "The Thabor has arrived, with dates from Constantinople to the 13th. <<The Journal de ConsantinoPe in announcing the arrival of Omar Pasha, states that leave of absence was only granted him on account of the state of his health. "Letters from the Crimea to the 11th state that the abundance of snow lately fallen had- preventedihe interchange of vits of politeness between the Russians and the allies. "The allies had commencea the demolition of the crenelated wall of enclosure round SebastopoL " The health of the allied armies has much improved, in consequence of the hygienic measures that have been adopted. " Lsnail Pasha was to increase the army of Anatolia. " General Mouravieff has. it is said, received considerabe reinforcements by the Caspian Sea and Tiilis. He has now 15,ODO cavalry under his command. "The Greek journals warmly oppose. the noinination of the new Ministers. J "There have been several changes among the P-refects in Greece, and a number of the mayors have been-dismiLsed for inertness as regards the brigands. " The Director of the Bank of Athens is about to found a branch establishment at Constantinople. : "M. A. de Rothschild is about to proceed to Alexandria. "Accounts from Kertch of the 7th .sate that General Vivian is completely recovered froum his late illnes'. "Letters from Persia mention that Dost Mahomed, the.. Ehan-Sirdar of Cabul, has t n`possion oEthe'i provin&c: of Candahar, and that: Persia .was about to scud troopR against him." - a - JCASSV, ]Lcrd 22. "The courier vwno was the bearer of :1 formal deniand ror a union of the Principalities, addressed _to Count Wale-sli, has been arrested at Czernowits. - An., manife-ttion of our wishes has been forbidden. The Etoile du Danez3c is suppressed." "BERLNT, MAncsr 22. "The Prussian loniteeur publishes a decree of the Minister of Commerce, addressed to the President of the Exchange, reminding him of the regulation by which broker, are forbidden,underpenalty of beingdeprivedof their licence, to do any business in shares of foreign companies which have not all bee paid up." " M)LAcH 2L "IL. de Moustier has received orders from Par to notify to the King the birth of the Prince Imperial, of which the Empress Eugenie has been delivered. iL Forth-Rouen has left for Vienna, with a letter containing a similar notifica. Lion for the Emperor of Austria. "Prince Gortschakoff was requested last week by the Russian Government to send to - St. Petersburg some in.; Formation relative to the state of Catholicism iu Poland, in order that an opinion might be formed of the propositions relative to the episcopacy." . "' MIDRID, MARCU 22. " The rumours which have been published in the journals of a linisterial crisis are entirely unfounded. " The railway from Valladolid to Burgos will be commnenced in a very short time. " The financial question has been solved by the Cortes according to the wishes of the Government. "The Basque provinces are tranqulL" -We read in theMon.itkur de lu P7otte "A letter, written from the banks of the Dnieper on the 6th inst., containssome account of the proceedings at INicho. laieff which remove all doubts a to the sincerity of the intentions of the Russian Government with regard to that port. On the 4th, a Commission, composed of five persons, and one of the lighest-nembers of the College o Admiralty acting as its president, arr5d from St.Petersbuig atlicholaieff. That Commision was instracted to tal;e an inventory of all that the dockYards and arsenal contained, and immediately commenced its operations. It vas receired by the Ship Captain of the frst class, Tchigir, former Secretary of the Board of Admiralty in-the Black Sea, now dissolved, who was ordered to plice himself at its disposal. Tne Grand Duke Constintine was shortly expected to inspect the work of the dommirsion. The matried existing in the establishment, considered capable of being tured to account, is to be conveyed to the Baltic military ports. All the utensils of the gunpowder manufacture and of the depot of artillery werg loaded on the waggons of the mnilitary train, vhich were to form the first convoy, ana start in a few days. The navil school forS the sons of the nobility, the school of naval engineers, acid that of naval artillery, have been already evacuated. The lectures, now necessarily susp-nded, will recdinmence or the 1st of April at their new establishments; The same measures are applicable to Kberson. This pori, which has lost much of its former splendour, still .retaing; a few esht. blishments belonging to the Imperial navy, which are about to be suppressed The Commissionert have been ordered to repair thither and-include them in their inven. tory. The works of defence and arsenals of Oczakoff, Eliz hethgrad, Ovidopol, Tiraspool, Wosnesenslc, and other ajili- tary points along the¶Black Sea, which foroiedpart of the system that inspuied the erection of Sebastopol and Yicho. aieff, vill be considerably reduced for the sake of economy nd 6' their inutility. It is not yet knmown what is to be. come of Nicholaieff After its abandonment by:the military navy. It ws stated, however, that, notwithstanding the expostulations'of oaesa, it would be declared afree port, in order to render it the centre of the trade of all nations; It is also contemplated to establish there a university fo1-- young men belonging tothefamiliesofTaiuris. TheAcademy of Sciences of St. Petersburg has already recommended thb. creation at Nicholaieff of an astronomical observatory, a&ndo of a meteorogical observatorythe ountryebein weUrlpO to observations of that description." A letter from Saint Louis (Seneg,al), 9f tho 19t1 February, in the Moniftew' de laelote, s :- "The energetic measures of our Governor: Sppred as, by the home authorities, are bearing good fruit. Tho blade have decidedly begun to understandthakttheir-nterest is j join usagainst theirfbrmer oppressors, those te*ible Mooia assailants, and that they do xwith great readines. Our volw2 teers ma:ke superb razeias against the euery, "a cary aW their oxen and sheep, so that our allies are ma the land, plenty, while the Moors are begining tD be xg -wat. t N
LIVE}rOOL, Monday, March 24.-The Royal mail ship Lightning, froni Melbonrne, v ith advices to the; 28th of December (a surmmary of which appeared- in The Times of to-day), 'entered the lMersey this morning. The Royal mail ship Emma, with the mails of the 10th of December,. was off Holyhead this morning, e2nd may be expected to arrive in the course of to-night. The amount of specie she brings has been rerted in TA Times. The neZt. Australian mails will be mught by the Rea Jacketk which -was intended to leave Melbourne on -the' 10th of January. [Advertisement.]-" Cassell's Illustrated History of Eng. lnd."-The first quarterly Part of this extraordinrily cheap vorkll be readY on Tuesday, the 25th inst., containing 156 pages of crown 4to aud50 heautifulengravings, weit engravel dwrapper, prioels3d. To a, who are desirous of obtaining an authentic and interesting record, of the annals of their country this work presnts a favourable opportuuity. Notblng but the enormous numberol copies sold-uPwards of 120,000 copies a-week-enables this work to beprodueed at so Iowa rand an inreased rate must necessarily be clagedfor reprintlog Klhov ork in smaUer quautities when the present edition is exhaustedL Orders should thereforebegivenatonce. " Czss&'sllluutratod History of England"maybeobtained in weeMly xnmmnbe prioeld. ; orir nmonthblypart price Sd. : or, when containing five numbers, price 6d. London: W. Kent and CDo. 1 and 52, Paternoster-row. [Advertisement.-" Journal of Adventures vith the British Army. from the commencement of .the vrs to the fall of ESebsatopo." by Geor,e Carendish TAylor, late 95th Reginent. 2 volx just pUlished. "Mr. Taylor's 'Journal of Adventures with the Biti Armuy' has the merit of being a journal by one who participated in nearly the whole seies of eventh. It isTaluable forits genuineness an for the extent of experience embraced in itY-Examiner. "These volumes ha-e throwrn more hlht nupon the campaign itself tharL any. thing els we bhae met with.`-Measenger. "The evidence these volumes contain is exceedingly valuable. The eal state of things is here exhibitedin true colours." John BuUl. Hurst and Blcikett, pub. uhber. 13, Great Marlborough-street. [Advertisement]-The Roval Pictures.-The Royal pictures engraved in the " Axt Journal" for April are:-" Genevic e of IBrabnt"' after Baron Wapper . and "The };ountain at Mdnd," afterD.Robert. .I`A ThesculptureplAteis "H} randlshmae' from the boa-relief by B. S. Bartholomew. The literuy contents in. clude-" Nomendature of Pictorial Art." by J. B. 3no ; " lNational Portrait Gallery;" 'Suggestionx of Subject to the Student in Art '- " Lif 'of C. It. Les3ie RLA. " illustrated; " Winchester College," illu6. t-ated - " The Home of Paul t otter'" b F. W. yairholt, illustrated.- " Ituains ' 3fodern Painters "' " The Stereoscope." y B. Hunt, IRIS., Illustrated; " The National Institut6r, Exhibition," rc. Virtue and Co. 25. Paternoster-row.
TURKEY. poA;onn of the following appeared irn our 3econd edition of veRterd&V -1 -3rR'? Q1 OUB OWN. CORRESFPONDENiT.) -CONiSTANINOPLE, lMAsacHl3; I wrote to you som' tune ago that the unexpected pliancy which tie Turki Government as well as the Council of State display&eIQn the occasion of tha prelilmnary conferences held,JLst out the first and- fourth points has been foOW 4 a reaction on.the part of the Council. The dep.rfure of Aali Pasha fOr Paris and the commiLuicatiosi of the instructions given to him for the conferenom were the signal for ti&is chaunge. Up to that moment the Council had ihown a strange apathy, which aloGwed the Milstkns to have it all their own way. This apathy, so entirelv at variance with the energy and remlution exhibited by this body in the beginning of the Eastern war, is easily explained by the turn whiclr the whole question has taken during the war. By a combination of circumstances, and through the wkant of a superior directing minid, Turkey had by degrees lost the position which she had, to the astonishment of Europe, assumed in the beginning, and had sunk down into comparative insignificance in the struggle in which she had been before a principaL As long as she was alone in the field, and while the war bore the character of a national cause, the necessity of her position developed her latent energy, and elicited sparks of -vitality which augured well for the future; but when the allies took the lead and the war ceased to be a Turkish national war and-became a European one Oriental indolence took again the upper hand, the flrst enthusiasm subsided into carelessness and indifference, the momentary union produced-by the sentiment of danger was broken up, and the petty spirit of party and intrigue reigned again paramount in Turkish affairs. For this result the Western Powers are in part to blame. Their anxietytooppose everymanifestationof a national spirit, caused by the fear of seeing it degenerate into religious fanaticism, and the complete subordination in which they endeavoured to place Turkey, encouraged the idea that, the allies having espoused their cause, very little or no effort was required on their side, andE thus the opportunity which was best calculated to rouse and raise Turkey served only to confirm her in her old bad ways. Eighteen months had passed since Turkley had thus, in thevery crisis which was to have established her independence, placed her fate in the hands o her allies, wvhen she was, all of a sudden, called upon to assume againher originalposition as a principal in the war, on the occasion of the negotiations of peace and the prelimninary conferences. The transition was too sudden not to find somebody unprepared. The Council of State, which, supported by popular feeling, hadtwo years before indignantly rejected Prince AMensehikoffs pretensions, and declared war without knowing how far the allies were prepared to support such a decision, had been accustomed since that time to hear quietly and to iregister silently all the decisions which the allies took for Turkey, but without Turkey; from the highest Governmental authority it had by degrees sunk into an administrative body, consulted more for formality's sake than from any faith in its authority. This first moment of surprise was turned to account by the leading members of the Turkish Cabinet to makle the Council of State subscribe to the concessions of the Hatti-Eumayoun, and to endorse the suggestions of the allies about the final arrangement of the Danubian Principalities. The greatness of the sacrifice aroused them to the danger of their position, and the consequence was, as you kmnoi from my former letters, the instructions to Aali Pasha not to eensent to the insertion of the Hatti-unmayoun among the articles of peace, and a formal oider to oppose any arrangements about the 'Principalities in anyway prejudicial to the rights of sovereignty of the Porte in those provinces. Aali Pasha embarlked for France, and the Council of State assumed an expectant attitude, whilst the reaction from the docility hitherto- established increased. This passive attitude has since Ilastwrote to you become an active one. It was caused by the reconsideration of the first point relating to the Principalities at the conference at Paris. As you know, nothing decisive was settled about this question at the preliminary conferences held here. The want of fuU instructions was pleaded by the Ambassadors of France and Aushia, and the matter referred to the conferences at Paris. The telegraphic wire informed the Turlish Government that the first point touched upon in this question was the union of the two Principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia,-an idea which was known to be popular in Paris, but which had not been put forward in the preliminary conference. The news of this unfa-vourable, but scarcely unexpected tum of the discussions on the first point, threw the official world of Stamboul into a state of excitement. Cabinet Councis, sittings of the Council of State, and:a long interview betw-een the Kninakans of the Grand Vizier and the Sultan followed, and the result was a formal protest by telegraph against the discussion even of the union of the twoPrincipalities, as an interference with the internal affairs of Turk-ey, and as a violation of the sovereign rights of the Porte in those provinces. Thus the affair rests for the present. The French and Austrian Ambassadors had long interviews withthe Ministers at the Porte, but the protest has been sent. It was a natural result of the instructions given to Atli Pasha at his departnre,- which showed that the Council of State had suffEciently elevated itself to its former position, to resist all attempts of the conference to meddle with questions of such vital importance to Turkey. As the question about the union of the two Principalities has been brought forward, and, if insisted upon at the conferences, may lead to unexpected complications, it will perhaps not be amiss to say something about it. The first consideration ought to be given to the object which we wish to obtain by any arrangement respecting the Principalities. This object is to make the Principalities independent of the foreign influ-. ences which played such a prominent part in their' destinies from the beginning of this century, and thereby to put a barnier to the advance of Russia in that direction. - To obtain this object fully we must make up our minds to one of the two courses-either to proceed legally, and to work on the existing basis;-thatis, to keep up the political connexion of the Principalities. -with. Turkey as a. constituent part of the empire; or else we must adopt an entirely new basis, and be preparedto establish an independent Roumanic State on the left bank of the Danube, uncder the joint protection of the European Powers. In one word, legality or nationality must be the orinciple from. which we must start. Any confusion of the two will lead to unfortunate half-measures, which, instead of solving the difficulty, will become con tinual sources of embarrassment. We have already one example of this mischievous policy of momentary expediency in the kdngdom of Greece. We encouraged the war of independence as a national struggle, and in the establishment of the kingdom of Greece we made a compromise. We set aside the principle of nationality, and, instead of consolidating, we divided the Greeks by an arbitrary frontier, making the southerli half of them into an independent national Greek kingdom, and leaving the northern half of them in the same condition as before, -under Turkish rule. We thus left the question mora unsettled than before, and ex- posed ourselves to embarrassments like those causel by the insuTrrection of 1854. The union of the two Principalities under one head is one of that Idnd of half measures which .will be neither legal nornational. Itis to'o much on the one hand, and too little on the bther. -It breaks -up the connexion between Turkey~and the Danubian PrincipalitieB without Eatisfying the desire of the latter for a. political and national union of the Romanic race. - As you saw from the text of the Rlx1n- o -I the connexis of t,h,1 D)anubian Principalities ith urkey resb , they ha3Ve a riglht to an adminniAV8 independence, but to no political exiitence *pA froya Turkey. Their conne-CThn with Tarkey, altdmkgig sinilai, A I'ts coilditions; is eii tirzly distinet, and is, besides, historically separated by a period of nearlj i50 years. A union, tthrefore, of the two into one poLitical body -would-clegaly alter their whole position towards Turkey,- for up to the present hour they exist only as Molda'Ka and Wallachia, but not as the Danubfai Principalities. Of course, these considerations about the leg-ifty of a -uiion of Moldavia and Wallachia w6juld at the -present moment have imly a secondary impor-. ance if the chief object which this step is hoped to facilitate-namely, the securing of the Turkish frontiers- on -that siade-was obtained by it. But this is not the case, unless the allies are prepared to establish a Romanic State from the Danube to the Dniester. The u4ion of Moldavia and WallMachia under one Government -wouId only wealken the influence of Turkey in those provinces, and lay the foundation of one of those feeble, semi-independ6ut States which have been at all times a plaything in the ha-nds of their p6werful neighbours, for whom it would be easier to mnanage one Government than two. That Russia ar;d Austria should wish this is not surprising. Both of them have subjects of the Ronianic race, and expect to act on the sympathies of the Moldavians and Wahlachians by the hope of a national union of the -whole race; but the interests of England andl France seem to point out clearly either a strengthening of Turkey by removing allpretext and possibility of an interference of Russia and Austria in the:Principalities, or else a strong Romanic State, v ith the Dniester as the political and national bontier, which woufld include Bessarabia. The thought of this latter 'is .premature. That there is a tendency ana a desire fori unionx in the Romanic race is as certain-as that there:exists a similar wish in Italy; but as in this latter-country it has as yet not penetrated into the -masses' it is an idea the realization of which'belongs to the futare. The Romanic race has never existed as a nationit hs no common traditions, no past history as m6ch, and nationality exists as yet only in the brain of some young men as a thing imported frori abroad, and not deeply rooted in the heart of the people. They have not yet come to a consciousness,of their identity, and know themselves only as MQlda-ians and Wallachians, but not as Roumans The separation, nay, antagonism, which always existed between the two Principalities is such that until lately scarcely a marriage wvas ever contracted between Moldavian and Wallachianfamihi&s. Very little social intercourse was held betwveen- themr irn their own country, sothatthe visit df a Moldavian at Bucharest or ofiaWallachian at Jassywas a'far rarer occurrence than that of a foreigner. The inhabitants of the tvo Principalities see most of each other abroad, buit even these acquaintances diop ,radually when they return to their homes. -This separation between the inhabitants of the two Danubian Principalities and the want of a national feeling of unity -would not only make any attempt hazardous to establish at present an independent PRomanic State, if sach was the intention of the allies, but it would offer no small practical difficulties to the governmental union of Moidavia and Wallachia. Both are wrapt up intheirown provincialinterests, the growth of centuries, and an attempt at a union -would infallibly produce an antagonism between the two. Each would try to get the supremacy over the other, and there would be no end of parties and factions-the very thing to openthe door to foreign influence. If it be an elective Prince who is to govern theseunited provinces, it will be the history ofPoland over again ; and as for an hereditary native Prince, there is no family in either of the Principalities influential enough to aspire to such distinction. The selection of a foreign Prince, lastly, would only show that we have not grown wiser by the experiment in Greece. Thus, from whatever side one loo]s at the question, the maintenance of therelative position betweenTurkey and the Principalities as it has hitherto existed seems the simplest and most expedient course for the moment. The different branches of the Romaanic race have not yet arrived at a national unity, which must precede their political union, and any attempt to force the latter would lead to the establishment of a feeble State, 'more than ever exposed to foreign influence. Administrative independence, well secured, not so much against interference from Constantinople, but from Russia and Austria, would completely Batisfy the people of MIoldavia and Wallachia themselves, L and be thefirst step towards a national union at some future time. They recognize themselve5 that such |. distinct national existence at the present moment is an impossibility, and, not trsting to be able to stand alone, they lean on Turkey as the Power from whose interierence they have least to fear. The Tynemouth arrived two days ago from Malta, with troops for the Crimea. She 'stopbed only to take in coals, and started again yesterday. The improvement in the French hospitals is con- tinninng, but it amounts as yet only to so much that there is no increase in the average number of sick coming daily to the hospitals. The repeated offers of General Storks have at last succeeded in inducing the Intendance to accept some Port wine. In Scutari the hospitals become emptier every day; most of the patients have only trifling cornplaints, and a fever case is a rarity. If -this happy state of things lasts the medical men wil have to fight for patients. The cavalry horses are in beautiful condition, and the men in flrstrate order. I hear that the commaanding officer of one of the regimers4 expressed it as his opinion that he never had seen: bisregiment in better condition dunring the whole time he had served in it. A The only shady side of this picture of military efficiency in Scutari is some desertions 'in the German Legion. The rate of wag,e is, like everything else, very high in this place, ard' this serves as an inducement to them for desertion. As miost of themn speak several languages, a situation ini a wafe or resftwiratr iS easily found, and-the diffi6ulty of discovering their place of refuge flatters them with the hope of escaping with imnpunity. Several of the deserters have, however, been brought back and shut up in the prison cells, where they will have time for reflection. The five gunboats Croalker, Clinker, Boxer, Grinder, and Fancy, went out yesterday for a trial in the Sea of Marmora. They went about 15 miles, and performed manceurres, forming in line of battle and columns, and had a race coming-back. The Epeed was very good, about nine knots ain hoiur, and the race was won by the Boxer,closelyfollowed, neck to neckl, by the Clinker. This morning OmarPasha, with some officers of his staff; arrived here from Trebizonde. The vessel came in last night and cast anchor at Bujukdere. A part of his army had already 'arrived in Trebizondc from Redout Kaleh, and the rest is expected there shortly. The weather o0ithe southeastern shore of the Black -Sea had been-very bad. Yesterday the embaxcation of the Ruissian prisoners detained on Princes' Island,' began on board the Christophe Coloinb and the Molnteiiuna. General Kochwiovitch, takcn at Kinburh, 58 officers, and 11,800 nonl-commissioned officers andpr)ivates, ar aamong thiem.-
EASTE AMUISEMIENTS. DRURY-LANE. Drurylane has commenced its Easter campaign with 'opera, and last night an English version of Verdi's very tragic 2'roratorc -was produced, in presence of an audience Vhat fi!led the theatre to the roof. As our readers may have no vivid remembz4nce of the l,lot concocted-by Sigaor Salvadore Cammarano, from the Spanishmelodrama of Garcia Gutierrez, and for the benefit of those who did not witness the performance of the late establishment in Covent-garden, we subjoin a brief sketch Of e 2?onrtore, or, as it is appropriately re-christened LY Mr. C. Jefferys, author of the English translation, ne Gip:s Vengeance. Azucena, a Gipsy, to revenge her maother who was burut at the stake by order of the old Count de Luna, steals a child of the Count from the cradle, and consigns it,as sheimagines, to the flames. Byan oversight, lhowever, which to say the least must be accounted singular, she sacrifices her own son in lieu of her enemy's, and, inetead of wreaking vengeance immediately on the survivor eDf this second crime, more horrible than the first, defers the execution of her purpose in order to effect it in a more deliberate manner. Azucenabrings upthe child asherown under the name of manrico; and as he gradually attains manhood envenoms his mind with sentiments of jealousy and hatred egainst the house of Luna, hoping by means of plots and stratagems to make him eventually kill his elder brother, -who, in course of time, succeeds to the title and posses. sions of the Count. After several rencontres and combats rhich end in nothing, Maurico (who, though disguised as a lroubadour, the more secretly to pursue an amour with Zeonora, a young lady to whom his brother has become equally attached, is a soldier by profession) fals into the lands of Deluna. The Count; not knowing him, condemns lnim to be decapitated; Leonora, reciprocating Manrico's pa&sion, and resolved not to survive him, swallows poison; and the Gipsy, who at the instant the troubadour is being executed reveals to the Count the secret that it is his brother, is condemned to be burnt alive, like her mother. She has expiated her parent's death, however, and is careless of her own. What happens to the Count, thus robbed at a blow of mistress and brother, does not transpire, snce at this edifying juncture the curtain falls. The opera of n Trovatore has been classed, so far as the rmusic is concerned, among Verdi's best, and not without some reason, for, while there is an abundance of feeble plecer in the first two acts, there are several very ploasing compositions in the third and fourth-the "Misercre," and the duet and trio of the last scene, where the death ofIeonora occurs, more especially, which are full of character 'pn feeling. The execution last night, considering the sneans at disposal, was creditable to the present temporary :mnagement and to Mr. Tully, director of the orchestra. A band of about 40 players, all zealous, if not all good, a chorus of some 35, and a troupe of " principals' composed of singers familiar to the public, had been got together for the occasion; and all seemed to have studied their parts ron amore, since they were at least note-perfect in the music. Madame Lucy Escott, in spite of faults of method and a prevalent tendency to exaggeration, exhibited many good qualities as Leonora, and her singing, if wanting in style, was often remarkable for eaergy and as often for real sentiment. Miss Fanny Huddart does not possess the -s tragka in a startling degree, but she has a fine contraft voice, and in a great deal of the music of Azucena distinguished herself most favourably. In short, ce did enough in this very difficult character to encourage a hope of still better things to come. -fE Mr. Henri Drayton, *vho sang and acted the part of Count De Luna with decided Iatelligence, world be less mysterious, and aim at fewer "points," he might, we are satisfied, accomplish more. In theprettyromance of the second act, for instance ("Ii balen), he obtained a loud and unanimous encore; and She effect he produced was in a great measure due to the comparatively unlaboured expression with which he endowed it. Mr. Augustus Braham was overtaxed in :anrico, an extremely trying part, and too often damaged the quality of his voice by forcing. When he sang without effort-as in the " Mriserere," and some passages of the duet rit-Azucena in the last act-he sang best; but when he exerted himself he lost all command of his means and his -roice sounded harsh and toneless-which, considering thatit 3s so good a one,was a pity. Mr. Farquaharson did his utmost forthelittlecbaracterofFerrando. The misc en &ze was careful, and the twro tableaux of the Gipsy's abode and the encampment were generally admired. i TAe audience was invariably good-humoured and indulgeat, as befits an audience in the holydays. Although there were long pauses between the acts, and the house was inconveniently crowded, the signs of impatience were mani!estedgentlyandwithoutmalice. Everythingwas applauded, good, bad, and indifferent; the principal singers were cled before the curtain- frequently; and at the end, the succes& of which was unequivocal, ther was an extra sum=nons for MIr. Tnlly, who was led on by Madame Lucy Bscott. The entertainments concluded at a late hour with the ' sketch" of Afargerite (music by 3fr. Tully) in Which Misse Fanny Reeves and Dyer (Faust and Marguerite). 39e8sr. JT. Halford and Manvers (Mephistopheles and Valentine) appeared, with other performers less known to fame. This was well put upon the stago; the oaIet depart3nent was not inefficient; Mr. Ealford displayed quaintness of conception, and Miss Fanny Reeves a certain grace; but very little justice was done to the music, which, whatever m3aybe its merits, had no chanee of being appreciated. Between the opera and the afterpiece "God save the Queen"' and " Partnt pour La Syrie" were performed. HAYMARXET. Easter Monday is celebrated at this house by the reappear. 2ace of the troop of Spanish dancers, with Senora Perea Wena as their acknowledged chief. Hitherto the oalles in which these peninsular artists have SO greatly distinguished themselves shave been devoid of everything like plot. First, we have had a scene in wIhich zhe minor personages have all been assembled in great force Tor the sole purpose of exhibiting their sparkling steps, and Live performed their complcicted evolutions with exceeding gusto till they hive discovered that the star of their society is absent. Scene the second has been an ordiar Street, at one of the houses in which Senora Perea Nena is sapposed to reside. A deputation has waited on the lady to invite her to join the festivity, and, after a deal of coy struggling, she has given her hard-wrung consent. Scene the Wird has brought us back to the delights of scene the first, heightened by the addition of, the preViously missing beauty to the former company; dancing L&as been renewed with a vigour unknown to the colder schcol of France, and, in the midst of the fervid gesticulations of Senora Perea Nena and the enthusiastic acclamationof the spectators, the curtain has suddenly descended and brought the no-story to a close. Now, although this sort of thing kept the London public ln a perfect geow of rapture for two- succeseiyj seasons, some reflective genius at last discovered that one Spanish ballet wa exceedingly like another, and that, if there was an yvariety at all, it was only attained by permutation. Thus, in one entertainment the Jacara would' be followed IbY the Manola, to be succeeded in its turn by the Zapa. trado, while another would commence with the Zapatrado, to be followed by the Manola, which would be succeeded in Its turn by the Jacara. Nor was even the change produced by this permutation very perceptible to bhe london mind, for, although the subtle Spaniard no doubt attaches distinct notions to the words Df terpeiohorean art as cultivated in his sunny land, wre Much question whether, after the course of instruction ivea for two seasons at the Haymarket Theatre, there is a single Cockney who has the slightest conception in what a J'acars, aManola, and a Zapatrado differ from each other. A bLaze of excitement has been produced by each, but it has been no more susceptible of definition than that phantasm of " things in general," which, on the authority of Mr. :Leach, appeared to the unhappy equetria who was thrown a somersault by his steed. Last night, however, we had a novelty in the shape of a Spaniah ballet with-a story-a very simple story, to be sure, but a story nevertheless. The scene is laid in Meznico, and the piece is entitled Et Gar.buno&-a word which denotes " gold-seeker." When the curtain rises we see before us a heap of massive, reddish-brown rocks, slightly illumined hy the setting su. The -lonely Gambusino, whose name sl 1nrique (SenorManael Perez) goes tohis labours and finds a nuget. He is enraptured with his good fortune, but an l1140oking gentleman with a pistol, who appears ia the back- Ouid, eems the forerunner of some disater. Pedro Al"Eig ,idalgo), as the latter is called, has Iax notions of JMMN& a3dluum, and thinks that the Gambusino's wealth 3nYbO idrantageously transferred to his own keeping.' On this poi0 the Gambusino differs with the, intrader, but' A shot from Pedro levels him with the ground, and he would probably perish, were it not for the good offices of a pious lermit. In the next scene-the "r oad to the dwellinig of IPaquit," daughter of a " vinedresser,"-nothing occurs beyond the usual business of second scenes in Spanish balleg of the well-known schooL Even Paquita%heiself does not appear till the road is pased andwo are brought in fvat of her villa, which stands in a most picturesque sitna- tien by .~piece of wat,er. Fmthis harming residence she £. cq.aeo futh by her gay dancing friends, but her eye wodei sadly round the grottp, for ae misses the beloved Gam)usino, Presently a wealthy suitor makes his appearance and offers all sortsoftrinkets, greatly to the disgust of the beauty herself, but much to the delight of her father. We-the spectators-sympathize with the Iady, for we know that the rich man is the brigand Pedro, and, having witnessed .Scene L, we also know that his wealth properly 'belongs to our old friend, the Gambuaino. The old vinedresser; (Mr.-not Senor-Ellar) is getting into, a very ill himour -with his dcaughter's fastidiousness,when two monks come upon the- stage. One is the benevolent Padree of Scene L; the other, throwing off his cowl, reveals him.self as the long-lost Gambusino, who has not only recovered from his wound, but has put on a new suit of clothes, that may be aptly termed a firmament of speles. The convicted villain is led, off to justice by the Mexican police, and the whole ends with a succession of those brilliant dances in which Senora Perea Nena has so often delighted the public. On these we need not dwell, but we may remark that the nodicum of dramatic action, small as it is, introduced into this baLet, is, in its character, something altogether new to our playgoers. The abhorrence of Senora Perea, as Paquita, for the unwelcome suitor, and the desperation of tho detected brigand are expressed by gestures that would never be hit upon by an English or French artist, but have something wildly picturesque in their very extravagance. As aspectacle, the little piece is worthy of all praise. The three scenes, from the pencil of Mr. Callcott, are beautiful representations of a region distinguished by rich vegetation, and of a character that seldom appears on the stage. The dresses are .of that elaborately sparkling kind that is no' to be found beyond the precincts' of Spanish bat7eC, the audacious movements of which are renderetd doubly effective by the constant glitter of the dancers. Let us add, that Mr. E: Fitzwilliaui, whoI has composed the music, has most happily achieved that national colouring which, in an entertainment of the sort, is all-essentiaL An enthusiastic burst of applause hailed the reappearance of Senora Perea Nena, and followed the descent of the curtain. The calle of the theatre has been thoroughly clexned in every part, and the pretty wabesque painting looks as gay as possible. PRINCESS'S. The reerloire of this theatre is so rich in sterling pieces that an Easter novelty was not required to attract a crowded audience. The performances consisted of the Woiderfut Woman, the revised drama of Fause and Marytuerit, ana a new farce, by M1r. Morton, entitled A Prince for an Hour. The first drama is tolerably well known to E,nglish playgoers, and we need not advert to its performance at the Princess's exce t to award a line of commendation to Mr. Frank fatthews for his genial and grotesque personation of honest Crepin, the cobbler, who in his hands becomes the real hero of th4 play. .Fau*e and Margurite appears to exert upon the audiences of the Prncess's a strange, mysterious, and fascinating influence almost unknown in modern drama. The boldness with which it deals with supernatural and diabolical agencies, the witty repartees of Mephistophiles, which just stop short of impiety, the delicacy with whichthe storyof Marguerite's seduction is shadowed out, the terrible scene of her repentance and despair in the church, when the spirits of Heaven and hell by turns gain the mastery in her erring and agonzed bosom, and the last triumphant scene, inwhichlove I and faith obtaining the final victory she isbomne toHeavenby angels in one of the most beautiful1 scenes ever presented. upon the stage-make up together an accumulation of elements of humanx and sapernal interest whEich fully justifg tha revival of this drama. Miss Carlotta leclerq has invested the character of Marguerite with touching interest and Mr. C. Kean's Mephistophiles remains one of his most finished and effective impersonations. The new farce, a Prince for an Hour, introduces us to a scene in the mountains of Tuscany, in the year 1516, when the young prince, Lorenzo di Medicis (Miss Desborough), wandermg in his rightful dominions, hotly pursued by Neapolitan soldiers, meets with Beppo, a young goatherd, (Miss Carlotta Leclereq), who succours him, and who is inducedto assume his prncely dignity for a brief hour, when the arrival of the realprince enables him gladly to throw off his disguise and retire into private life. The piece is so slight in its texture that it -wll not, probably, enjoy a long existence; but the peculiar drolleries of Mlr. Harley, as Babiolo, the unsuccessful rival of Beppo in the love of a farmer's pretty daughter, kept the house in good humour, and procured. some applause or the piece when the curtain ADELPEL Mr. Wright's reappearance was the most notable feature in the entertainment provided for the holyday folk at this theatre, and from- the hearty reception accorded to their favourite comedian-it was evident that the audience fancied they had the proper man in the proper place. First upon the programme were the two farces of Doenestsc Economy and Urgent Private Affairs, in which Mr. Wright found ample scope for the e.xhibition of that broad humour in which AdelpIi audiences delight. The attractions of the Christmas burlesque-cum-pantomime Jack and tire Bean Stalkl appear to have been found still so powerful that no peculiarZasternoveltywasconsideredneoessary. Accordingly, Ir. Paul Bedford, as the giant, continues as ponderous and truculent -as ever; Madame Celeste and Miss Wyndham remain charming representatives of Harlequin and Columbine* and.the drolleries of Clow and Pantaoloon seem to fall as fieshly as at their first invention. The scenery and tricks, which may be considered now to have stood the test of time, are really of the best,- and a large'. audience last night went away fully satisfied with the amusement afforded them by mingled farce, burlesque, and pantomime. OLYMPIC. TheE aster Monday entertainments at this cheerful little house, comprising nothing of either a novel or peculiar character, call only far a passing notice. Mr. Wigan appears to have conceivedi that the extravaganza of 271le Discreet Princess, the production of Mr. J. R. Planche, which has done duty during the whole of the Christmas holydays, has by no means yet exhausted its attractiveness; and, certainly, the numerous audience which it drew together last night, and. to which it afforded tho most unmistakable gratification, was a sufficient confirmation of the managerial opinion. Another _piece-from which the gloss of novelty was also worn off but worn. off only to reveail the sterlig ore which so richly pervades its entire composition-was reproduced on the same occaswn, and withl an equal measure of success. We allude to the excellent thee-act comedy of StiU T eatrs RunDeep, 'with which the performances opened. This comedy is- at once unexceptionable in its tone and sen. tinment, and admirably adapted by its peculiar constraction to sustain a lively and unflagging interest. Striking, yet natural in incident, smart andtelling in dialogue, and diver. sified in character, it justly deserves 'to be regarded as the chef d&seuvre of its author-Tom Taylor. Sbch beingthe intrnsic merits ofthe playitself, itis but fair to*add that it was adequatelyrepresentedbythe corpsdrdmatigue. The exqusite acting of Mr. Wigan as John MIdmay, and that of Mr. Vining as Captain Hawkssley, brought- ot- in; strong relief the moral contrast on which the interest of the piece chiefly turns-between the man of blunt hohest*- and shrewd common sense, and. the insinuating swiudler, whose refined craft in the end over-reaches itself, and whose 'villainy is only equalled by his poltroonery. Mrs. Wigan's delineation of the partofthe strong-minded woman and over-bearing domestic tyrant, Mrs. Hector Sternhold, is entitled to wanrm commendation. Of the burlesque nothing need be said, but that themarvelloushistrionic geniusofMr.Robson,displayed in the role of Prince Richoraft, sufficed to rise travesty to the very verge of high tragedy. - SADLER'S WELLS. Mr. G. A. Webster; nephewto the lessee of the Adelphi, viho had this theatre under his management 'for a brief season last year and conducted it satisfactorily,-hls collected. an efficient company, and is about to renew the experiment with fair prospects of success. He opeuied his campaign yesterday eveningwithtwowell-known pieces-3Mr. PlanchiFs popular extravaganza of XIe Im,eibiDk Prince, and the " grand drama,?' asthe playbilis ambitiously denominate it, of Thc Mrarble Heart. The former of these productions has lost the lustre of novelty, but time has not disenamelled it of itsrichlrinlaysofwitandfancy so it retains-its powerto please, and is " a joy for everW' both to. the public and the managers. The M.arble Hear4, aplaywhich dependsforits very existenice on the ability of the actor who sustains the principal part, is a more precatious card. Poets delight to tellus how geniusanfeelng can elevate famnliar things, and give 'to the commonest eventst and -objects an undying*lustre. Of thi'i we 'have astikingillustration in thLe power of a good actor to impart interest to 'an' indifferent play. 'Mr. leigh. Murray's perforniahlce in TAe Mzarble Macs-iis 'a case in point. The pieoe itself is far, from a good one, and were it not for the adventitious attraction it derives from hsis sklulk impersonati6ri'of the leading character, it would have long since sunl to "tnat tranquil bottom where Uis quiet," on its first production, under its original title Lew Yelle de . merbre,, it creotedl some little 8sersati6n in Paris; but it' was not a flower of such hardy growth as to: endure,transplanting, and whehi:pfeeiited a an En,lish guise atr -the - Adelbphi tw:o yes ago, it' failed, though cleverly rendel- ,d o I Mr. Selby, ito ecite much attention.; To this'unfortunate iesult many causes contributed. In the first place, the female personages are, to use the mildest language, no better thir they should be. The French, adoptingthe leaantaphilosophyof Napo- heon, tifaut pren.dre ecs-gens tet au'ils sont, do not 'object to. dramas in which women of the briUliant aindperfidious class called lorettes play promninent parts. Thb English are more fastidious.' As for incidents, there nerer wa s alay -with' fewer. When you have said that a sculptor falh in love; vith a marble-hearted lady-no such minatura sllianoc after all; that on-being rejected by her he falls doadin'the arms of a friend, and' that thereupon she of the marble heart " covers her face with her hands' and cries " hAh " you will have given in a single sentence the 'sum:and substance of the whole plot.' Yet even in themangement of these incidents the author has inenioeously contrived to violate, not onlythe unities of the-drama, tut'the co=- monest- laws of probability. The faults -,of the play' -are not simply those of'sentiment. There a.ein the plan of its structure absurdities which disentitle it td the favour ofan educated audience. A story-which, pr6oeedingoi--PytbAcorean principles, transforms Diogenes irnto the editor of A Parisian newspaper, AIcibiades into a' French gene4, -and Phidias into Wnmodern-scalptor, ean rcaroely be said to fufilthe promise of its designation-" a romance of +edZ life ;" nor will it be denied that a play which, opering in Athens 400 years or thereabouts before the Christian:era, closes in the Forest of Fontainebleau in the year of grace l154, thus covering an area of something lie 22 conturies and a-half, exacts from the spectator a feet of fancy whioh- exceeds the powers of the most atbletic imagination. Such is Tlxe Miarble Heart, and, were it not for the excellent acting of Mr. Leigh Murray, and-we must in justice add-of Mr. E. F.. Edgar, by whom he was worthily Supported, we wouldI almost as soon spend the night under the Marble Arch as sit it out. Mr. Murray does wonders for the play, and, like charity, covers a multitude of its sins. The energy of his expression and the beauty of his action mnake even commonplace sentiments acceptable, giving significance to the most paltry words, and dignity even to nonsense. H is aspect and general beaxing accord with the character, and a great merit in his performance is that, while he marks the gradations of an overwhelmini sorrow, and catches the instantaneous transition passion, he regards theminute proprieties of demeanour, and strews the most tempestuous passages with the lighter graces of gentlemanly manner andfeeling. His generous confidence in the loyalty of his mistress and his magnanimous incredulity then there is question of her dishonour are finely pourtrayed - nor is his distraction less powerfully depicted, when on being at last-convinced of her perfidy, the once noble tide of ?aasaon, " which knew no retring ebb, but kept right on, ' becomes suddenly brolen with tearful emotiou, and checkered with the outbursts of despairing anguish. In a word, he realizes in every scene the sentiment of the situation, and his performance is true, uniform, and complete. Miss M1. Oliver sustained the part of the good and gentle Marie with grace and sensibility and shed into it the charms of feminine elegance an1 sweetness. The only occasion that seemed an exception to this rule was, perhaps, in the second act, when, in declining Marco's invitation to ride in her carriage, she spoke with a certain tone of disdain which called to mind the taunt of the Pharisaical flowers to the fallen Jessie, in Shenstono's beautiful elegy:- "Hope not to find delight i us, they say, " For ve are gpotless, Jessie ; wre are Pure.") However, her performance, taken for all anad all, was graceful and pathetic, and deserved the applause with which. it was liberally greeted. The house was very well attended. ROYAL ShRREY. Tne Easter novelty at this theatre-How We Livc in a, World of London-is neither a burlesque nor extravaganza. as might be expected at holyday time, but a business-like matter-of-fact drama of life, slightly heightened in tono to suit transpontine tastes, and favoured with the regulation allowances of abductions, murders, blue firo, and other horrors. As the title would partly suggest, and, as we are more fully inf6rmed in the bills, it is founded on or suggested by Mr. Mayhew's London Labour and the London Poow, and the plot, which is of the slightest, is entirely subservient to the introduction of various tableaux intended to represent different phases of life among the 'wild tribes of London. We have. too, in the dramati, personas the "street patterer," the "coetermonger," " the canine connoisseur," the "artful dodger," the "groundsel seller," and other of the same class, whose habits and characteristics have been so admirably described by Mr. Mayhew, and though their doings go but little to advance the dramatic interest of the piece, they give it an air of reality and call up deeper sympathies than the most cunning playwright could ever hope to touch, The plot, as vre have said, is but slight. There is the usual villain, who in this case is the uncle of the heroine, and who, among minor atrocities, for purposes of his own, has her carried off to a private madhouse, from which she is liberated by the agency of "Joyous Jerry" a street boy and " Captain George," a street patterer. She is restored by them to the arms of her lover, a country attorney, and safely united to him in the bonds of matrimony, aud so ends her share in the piece early in the second act. After much obscurity "Joyous Jerry" is discovered to be the son of the chief villain (Sir Jaspar Steelhard), stolen in early infancy by an Indian tractseller (a gentle' man in white muslin, a prince, or something of the sort, in his own country). This fact is not revealed to the parties interested until the last scene, which takes place in a room over a private still, immediately after Sir Jasper has throttled his chief myrmidon, and, the building catching fire by some unexplained accident directly after the disclosare, Sir Jasper is left to perish in the fames, Joyous Jerry havig been rescued by the ubiquitous and daring " Captain George." Tbis brief outline is sufficient to show that itis not to its plot thatthe new drama is indebtedforthe success which it undoubtedly obtained. The stern reality of its tableaux interests and affects us more than the most exciting creations of a dramatist's fancy possibly could. The Roynmn poet tells us that what we see-affects usmore m ic than what we hear, and it is on thisprinciple tht scenes in this piece, though only representations of a reality, are more touching than the mot moving and elaborate recitals of those same realities. We not unfre- - quently read in our police reports of poor destitute house. less creatures turned away from the workhouse door to die; but a dozen such reports would not bring the realities so vividly before us as the scene in the second act, where we see the half-frozen, half-starved group huddled together in - the snow at the door of the Wvhitechapel Workhouse. The same maybe said of the scene inthedarkarchesoftheAdelphi. We would, however, by no means beunderstoodtounderprize the dramatic skill which is shown in ling these scenes together. The dialogue was well written throughout, and there was nothing that could offend the most fastidious ear. The various characters in the piece, numerous as they are; were universally well sustained. Mr. Rickards, as Sir Jasper, played-a difficultand ungratefulpartwithgreatvigour andjudgment; and Mr. Shepherd, in Captain George, the street patterer, displayed a vis comica which would make the fortime of any one actually in that line. Miss Thorne played Joyous Jerry with a fervour and propriety withal which enlited for her universal sympathy in her numerous trials,- and we must not forget to mention the spirit and vivacity which Miss Sanders displayed in the part of Fanny George, the flower girL The scenery, chiefly by Dalby, was well painted, particu. larly the scene.of the dark arches under the Adelphi, which. was loudly applaudedL The piece had a decided success, and we hope it may have the long run whichits elevated tone and its excellent moral, joined to its general dramaticmzerits, so well deserve. ASTLEY'S. - The visitors to this popular place of entertainment had certainly no reason: to complain of sameness in the bill of are provided by the management, for, starting at or about Aleppo, they were eventually brought to a goed old English hunting county, aid, after witnessing the horsemanship of Eastern chivalry, full opportunity was afforded them forcomparing it with that of their own country. The performances commenced with a piece entitled TheAraZ of t&e -Desert, the plot of which was something of the hardest to understand; but as, according to the laybill, it was written expressly to introduce Mr. W. Cooke's highly-trained horse, "Reindeer," that wasacirmumstance of compara-. tively slight importance. The performance of that same steed and the "- spectacles " of the piece which terminated in a general cavalry engagement not a charge of light or heavy dragoons, but a regular pell-mel- of Eastern warriors-appeared to afford the utmost satisfaction to a acrowded house. A pas de deus by Mesdemoiselles Chrxisine and Agnes was also greatly applaudecl. The Arab of the Desert- was succeeded by a clever performance -by the Misses Dacey (we believe their first appearance) on the double tight rope, and then followed the Scenes. in the Circle for which this place of entertainment has been so long celebrated. The performances terminated with an equestrian dramr, arran-ed from the comic opera .osina, caled The Great Spring Sfeeting and NationaZ Stcepechase;or-Englans HarMest onze, in which our great national sport of steeplechasing was well and amusingly pourtrayed. The scene opened upon the rejoicings of farm labourers after gathering in the harvest, rejoicings interrupted by the attempted abduction of one of the fair villagers by the brother of the squire, the young lady being -rescued in some mysterious manner by the Irishmen, who, for the nonce, were,- or pretended to be, the right men in the right place. The young lady having been thus rescued, the harvest sports terminate with a steeplechase, in which her Irish deliverers, havuig begged, borrowed, or stolen, the one a pony and the other a -donkey, take part, and. a very amusing parttoo, for, reversing the- general crder of. things, one of them, Murphy by name, instead of trusg to his steed to carry him over a fence, throws his donkeyover fir and himself afterwards. The whole piece, the steeplechase scene of which was admirably managed, gave great satisfaction to the audience, and was loudly applauded, and at its termination every one went away apparently highly pleased with his evening's entertaimuent. VICT9R1i. As Christmas brings its pantomimes, so Easter brings its seasonable novelty at this as at most other metropolitan theatres. -The Victoria, however, differs from its northern conteinporarie inasmuch as the "1Easter offering" to the. denizens of the New Cut and its vicinity never consists of a mere literary trifle dependent upon bad puns, tolerable actmng, andgood sceneryjfor success, but is always of a more sibstantsal-character ; - som e "deep domestic drainmer" in which one-half of the characters are villains, the other half victms, and the whole of the surivors at the denouement are virtuous or repentantz . iEthetia tastes are not prevalent in the regions over the water, and the audiences-at this theatre especially-can only com!rehend a conflict of pa~ions when visibly displayed in theo shape of a " terrific combat," or of some surprising contortion of body. The literary-merits of the pieces produced at this liouse may nob be of averyhighorder, norvery likelyto elevate thetastes of those; by:whont-theyare witnessed; but as peopleof all -classes, even therIowst, mnust be amused somohbvo, and as 'they not.'careabout high-classtheatricals, it is.perhaps as well that they should have a theatre where they can find periorinances which- they canu appreciate, speeches which' they can'understand, and actions which 'they aprv(or virtue alwvays finally triumphs at the Victoria). The Easter fare provided 1 anight at this theatre consisted of two new - dramas to witness which anl audience was assembled which was certainlynurnerous, if not select. Gallery, pit, and boxes were aike crammed, and displayed the republican eq.uality o peculiartoathis house -friends in one part addressing acquaintances in an"xther in the most frank and forcible manner. Invitations to drink-never refused when accept. ance was possible-invitations to fight, received with ahnost equal cordialitv -flew about the house and afforded amuse-ment alike to the participants and the spectators. The fair sex, who mustered in considerable numbers,- exhibited none of that retiring timidity which is -manifested in higher circles; but fought long and boldly for good places, aud,hav-n .og obtained them, made -as vigorous efforts to retain the'm. .Thie,-rst .piece presented last nightwasadrama founded ntpon an American tale of some popularity, called 2%i Wtci - .m= of -WeW York. The plot was of too elaboratd a natire to describein daetil, deprived as we, in common, -we sinp.- pose, with-the rest of the audience, were of an opportupity of hearing the greater portion of the dialogue, in conse-nuenice of t:m continual uproar which prevailed throughout the house. --The: -hief incidents appeared to arise from the huminity of a New York watchmani in rescuing-a poor. deeerted cbild frou starvation in the'streets of the metro- polia of the United States. The career of- the child so - lared-from poverfy to 6pnlence, and the final discovery ofwealthy relativee-forsed 'the staple of the last three acts, and the draua terminated, delon lea rdlgl, in the re. ward of the poinr wat,,hii,an by the union of his dau7i4ter' with the orphan wh,m he had rescued -from- mEery. This was followed by another new drama, hearing the genuine Viet-,rij title of The Doomed Bridge, or fix Parriade's Cetr-_. ;ni which a manaic, several murders, and the fitnsl niiiiiqbwo iit of the guilty characters constituted the princ-iijal ingredients. This piece was even miore successful than its predecessor, althougli it was not concluded until a somewhat advanced hour of the night. To cTiticiz acting at the Victoria would be unjust to thc actors, who are required to adapt themselves to the standard of taste prevailing at that house, but which is not exactly in accordance with the rules by which actors at other theatres would be tried. It is certain that lack of energy is not one of the failings of the corps dramnaiqjc at this tbeatre, and. as the audience, whom they so earnestly endeavoured to please, exhibited their approval by loud auplause, we see no reason to cavil at the verdict so pronounceda CECTY OF LONDON. Opera and spectacle, with all the accessories of chorus, ballet, processions, orchestra, scenery,rarniour, and dresses, have been called iuto requisition by Messrs. Johnson and Lee to make the Easter attractions of their theatre irresistible; and if the serried masses which last night crowded every part of tho house may be considered to indicate -success, these gentlemen ought to feel satisfied that their efforts to amuse have been thoroughly appreciated. Revelsing the order of the performances and noticing first the spectacle of The Triumph of the Jewish Queen, it may be weU to state at once that the incidents are closely cnpied from the most ancient records of Eastern history, and that "Ashuarius!' is no other than "Ahasuerus," " who reigned-fromIndia eveninto Ethiopia overan hundred and seven-and-twenty provinces." The managers do noteven claim for the dramatic treatment of the story the charm of novelty, inasmuch as the bils inform us that the piece was first produced at the Old Garrick Theatre in 1835, and revived some five years since; but the favour with which it was formerlv received induced the experiment of a second revival, with the safeguards of careful revision andjudicious compression. The interest of the piece turns, as may be expected, on the points with which all are familiar -the banquet of the King; the refusal of Queen.Vachi-(the names, of course, are altered)-to attend her husband's summons ; her punishment, increased from mere banishment to instant death; the selection of Esther by the King, the plots of Hamaran, the persecution of the Jews, and the final and signal retribution which falls on the would-be destroyer of the Jewish nation. It may be that, to some, the first, act was more exciting than either of the two which followeed; but the audience last night, with their patient attention and warm applause, did not countenance for a moment the supposition that the least defect could be discovered. The opportunity wastaken of introducing to the London boards Miss Elizabeth Burton, from Bath, and in the character of Esther she displayed those qualities of power, grace, and self-possession which will outbUcss in time make her as popular with the frequenters of the house as Mr. Harmer, who played the part of HLamaran. Miss Marian lacey, as Glippa; Mr. Travers, as Ashuarius; and Mr. W. Searle, as Moidecar, equally deserve commendation. Nor was the opera, which preceded the drama, less enthusiastically applauded by those who, in pit and gallery, must have suffered some little inconvemence from the ressed state into which their thronging neighboura squeezed them. Mademoiselle Nau (Amina), Mlr. St. Albyn (TElvino), and Mr. P. Corri (Count Rodolpho) in the S&nnambula were as frequently encored and called before the curtain as if they had been singing to the most fashionable audience, and though there may have been occasionally a supplementary chorus of babies, a few harmonious fencings without foils or gloves, a general abandonment of jackets, and a constant demand for liquors, inattention dufring the performances wfas the exception an-d not the rule. Babies slept soundly in boxes, pit, and gallery, boys whistled with unrivalled shrillness, rmen shouted with stentorian lungs, women talked glibly; but these relaxations, incidental to cheap pleasures, were all indulged with a most delightful rzgard for the comfort of the actors both on and off the stage. TEE NATIONAL STANDAIRD. This far-east located theatre, perhaps scarcely known, even by name, to the west-end habitues, is one of those few places which' afford a retreat to the genius of Shakspeare, while the egotism of the age gives its preference to spcctade and melodrama over the faithful representation of human BIfe and passion. The house has its agreeable associations, notwithstanding its vicinity to the Eastern Counties Railway, for near the spot where it stands was once the Old Curtain Theatre, of po mean renown in its day. The pieces selected for performance last -niht were Shakspeare's tragedy of King -John, a new-electro -boloical burlesque entitled Alonzo the Brave, and 'the -laughable farce of How to pay Rent uitkout Money. Unlike most audiences on- an Easter Monday, the introductory play was listened to with-attention, which, for a housecrammed from the floor to the ceiling, was not more remarkable than creditable to the audience. The tyrannical, weak, timid, and faithless monarch was represented by Mr. Henry hlarston, a gentleman who has made himself favourably known to the public by his able performance of Faulconbridge in the same play at Sadler's-wells. Although the accompaniments of aholyday season preclude all criticism, still it is only just to say that Mr. 3Iarston had a perfect conception of the character he had to sustain, and that he pourtraved it in a mnauner which evinced much histrionic talent. The tone of his voice was ' most expressive-it was that of a man who felt that he was false at heart. Even when hurlingdefiance at the Pope, sustained as he then was by a cordial alliance with France, his voice faltered as that of a man who knew he was without moral energy to back- up his purpose. - In -the scene "with Hubert. (Mr. James Johnstone),- when :prompting him to murder Prince Arthur with the in- sidiousness- of an Iago. but without that consciousness of-power over the instrument of his will which the "cunning vain" possessed, Mr. Larston showed a discrimination and judgment in the delineation of the character which drew down the well-deserved applause 'of the house. Constance (the mother of Arthur) was most efficiently performed by Miss Glyn, who has transferred her services to this theatre. The fine tragic figure of 'this lady imparts a dignity to the character even beyond its own inherent claims on our appreciation. In her withering rebuke, addressed to the Archduke of Austria, on his abandoning the cause of her so50, she laid an emphasis on the passage, which would lead one almost to suspect that Miss Glyn is not -unobservant of the times we live in. Mr. James Johnstone deserves especially to be mentioned for the very able manner in which hc performed IHubert; andFaulconbridge, the Bastard,was by Mr. Frederick Morton made to retain that prominence in the play which has always been assigned to it. Alonzo t7e Braze follbwed the play, and, according to rule, would be regarded as the principal attraction on an Easter Monday. It,certainly possesses sufficient merit of its own to entitle it to that distinction. It professes to be founded on Mfonk Lewises tale of Alonzo and Imogene, but, with the exception of the name, we confess our inability to make any tale of it at alL It is an ingeniously devised congeries of parodies on passages from different dramatic authors, and of songs in some of the most celebrated operas. Although the bills announce a host of names, yet the whole burden of' the piece is cast upon Miss Rebecca Isaacs, a young lady of very considerable vocal powers, and who is already favourably knowvn to the public, not only for her singing, butt for her dramatic abilities. The fun and humour that ran throughout the burlesque kept the house in a continual roar of laughter; and there is no doubt that next to the mieritorious exertions of Miss Rebecca Isaacs, the exquisite' drollery of M1r. B. Bigwood and Mr. H. Lewis have secured for it a long and successful run. THE PUBLIC EXIBITION S. The weather, though cold, was sufficiently fine to, tempt thousands of holyday makers to venture from their homes to visit the various public exhibitions of the metropolis, most of which reaped a profitable harvest from the curiosity of the pablic. At the Polytechnic Institution the numbers congregated to listen to the scie4tifi6 lectures and to view the dioramic pictures were. considerably greater than on Easter Monday last year. The illustrations were moreover better than on any:formeri occasion, and- the novelty produced for the season,-viz., vews of Kenilworth Castle in its original and in its present state, painted by Messrs. Hind and assistant artists; accom, - panied by an explanatory lecture by Mr. L. Horne, with the addition of vocal and instrumental music, was 'com-' pletely successful. at the Panopticon the number of: visitors was proportionate to the attractions of thes eStabli4i-; ment, and during the day a crowrd of visitors were enter> tained and instructed by the lectures and by the examin'ation t of the great variety of things which are contained in:the Museum. What is called the luminous and 'chromatic fountain was a source of wonderment to the soect'torsi nor were the " Glimpses of Italy," with dioramic'illusttations, without their admirers. The almost endless collection of everything connected with science at this establishmient and in the galleries of the Polytechnic furnish amusement and instraction to the most fastidious, and are deserving of public patronage considerably beyond. vwhat has hitherto been bestowed upon thenL At the " Great Globi," Leicester-square, those who delighted in viewing, in addi.' tion tothe Great Globe itself, the curious things contained within it, were amply gratified by the inspection of an unusually interesting collection of many rare speci- inens of weapons, implements of war, costumes, - from the Crimea and other places which have bean recently the seats of war; hero are i exhibited "dresses, pictures, and trophies," and mnny other things. bsrought from Sebastopol and othr places, which -will well repwy the -trouble of a visit. At 3 'clockothe place"wa crowided w;ith auditors, listening most attentively to lec-~ tures on Russia3 and on the incidents of the late eampai,gns. At Mrr. Burford's Panorama a number of visitors- wtere. passing in and out as long as daylight would allow-them to view the panoramic pictures of Sebastopol, the battle of the Alma, and the other paintings. It is needless to-say that the excellency,of these representations fully merited''the support afforded by their numerous patrons. At .Wadame. .Tussnu d's sin Baker-street, a perfect mob of vsitors wero assembled, and large as is the great galery it -was at someperiods in the course of the day diEcult to penetrate through the crowd. Aconsiderableadditionhasbeenmadetothecolle.- tion of celebrities of all ranks, ages, classes, here brought to- - gether, aud a'very judicious alteration has been made in-the lociality-ofthe-orchestra. Here may be seen the verxefigim of the Kings -of Sardinia and Denmark, ths Emperors an'd .EEmpresses of Austria and the French, innumerable 'sove-' Treigns,_ *orthies, and -unworthies -of .home as- well - as of foreign growth.. The great gallery is gorgeous. with ,purple and gold, and is perhaps %the>- -most splendid exhibition room in the metropolis.. The Chamberr of Horrors, 'which 'strongly contrasts with this gay Mce0ie, was. not, however, without the sympathieas ofvarious -.msitors. ' he rest of the public exhibieb'onfoonis' had all thYeir fullnquota of sigatseers and seekers for rela.ation und amusement. - . . GREEMWICH FAIR. - ' Greenwich Fair, like old Saruru and Gatton-park, is a. national institution, rather dependent for its existence on antiquity and prescriptive right than on any intrinsic claim to popular support. The Reform Bill, which swept away the rotten boroughs, gave to Greenwich the right of returning members to the Impperial Parliament, but alas! it left in tact the oldI corruptioni vf Greenwvich Flair. This effete customi, "nioso-e to he honoured in thae breaclh than in the observance," wasyesterday, as being Eastr Monday, kept up pretty much as usual, and, from " information received" at head-quarters, we are warranted in stating that there was no decided falling off as regards the numiber of visitors. In everyxother respect, however, it may be said that the fair, like Horace Walpole's summer, "set in" with its usual severity both of cold and of dulnes3. ButAllIhis great; and webelieve-if we ray use the oraclarpbrase. elogy of Oriental apologuo-that Greenwich Fair will never cese from the earth so long as boys love gilt gingerbread, girls, the chaste osculations of the "ring," and children of a larger growth are content to gape with amazement at the various prodigies produced at the shows, in the shape of two-headed giants, innocent rattle-serpents, treble-humped camels, and real ghosts who can speak without being first spoken to. Yet the fair is out of date, and, in sober truth, we would fain see the curtain decently drop on this very dull and too often demoralizing spectacle. When will the English, and, above all, English "gontlemen," learn that wit is antithetical to buffoonery, m3irth to revelry, and joyous festivity to Bacchanalian uproarousness? We are at a loss, with all our learning, to discern the depth of the practical jokes usually perpetrated at the fair. The favourito "dodge" yesterday appeared to be the springing of a perny rattle on the arm or back of the unconscious victim; and we are not too dignified to admit I that ourselves wero selected by a female child of spirits I somewhat exuberant as the vehicle of her innocent, albeit ophidian, noise. But we were not kissed in the ing, and that is something to boast of. Neither did we essay the precipitous race adown the grassy slope of Greenwichparin As for the poor pensioners, we could not find it in our heart to subject them to tedious questionings about "deeds of naval daring" inso pitiless a blast. To bestowthe price of a horn of grog, with a whispered recommendation to get " under hatches' as soon as possible, we felt to be conduct far more Christianlike. We regret to add that youngsters, interrogated by us, averred that the night far eclipsed the day at Greenwich Fair. This was whispered in our ears at about 7 o'clock, and as we took our seat in a return-train our heart sank within us to think of what was to come.
IRELAND. (FILOM our. o'w2, COp.Rr?spoxnbmr.1 DUBLIN, MoIN'DA-Y ldORNU. THE SADLEIR. FRAUDS. The trade report of the Freemnc7s Joutrncd, referring with ajpprobation to the selection of Mr. Meldon as solicitor to the official manager for -winding up the affairs of the Tipperary 3Bank, calls to mind that a somewhat analogous settlement-that of the Clendennings, of Mayo-was conducted by him with so much success as to yield a very substantial dividend, if not a payment in full, in lieu of a mere fractional one. The writer, however, fears that all his professional siil Will fail to produce a similar result in the case of Sadleir's bankrupt concern. The same authority thus disposes of one of the many idle rumours current at the close of the last week:- "It appears to be settled that al holders of shares within three years are to be put on the list of contributories, and investigations will be made into many of the transfers, which are said to be colourable. Still there is no prospect whatever of more than a moderate dividend, as in many of the cases a compromise is all that could be expected. Some of the parties exiected to be made liable are pointed out in print, if net by name, at least so as to completely identify them, a course we do not propose to follow. It is also said that in some of the cases the shares, though transferred, are not accepted by the transferees; also, that the registration of the company is imperfect, and the shareholders thereby d elatter, we believe, is only set on foot to help out the unfortunates, the former is very probably the case. The history of English share. holders is yet to be developed, but there is no doubt they are men of respectability and moderate substance, who have been craelly taken inthrough some of Mr. Sadleir's schemes, in what precise way remains to be seen. A paragraph has gone the round of the press, apparently founded on a statement in court by one of the counsel, that the debts would not exceed 300,000., and that there rwould be founl 100,,000!. of good assets. We incline to think that the estimate in our article of the 10th inst. will be nearest the mark, and there is no doubt that the 100,0001. is purely DB. CULLEIN AD T cHID OF FRANCE." A public act of thanksgivng -wa5 offered up yesterday in the Church of the Conception, Marlborough-street, " in acknowledgment of the Divine mercy vouchsafed to France in the safe delivery of the Empress Eugenie, and the birth of an heir to the throne of that kingdom." The subjoined sketch of the ceremonial, together with the address of Archbishop Cullen, is condensed from the Freemans of this-morning:- " This public demonstration of joyous sympathy with the French people has taken place under the direct sanction of his Grace the Archbishop, at the request of the high-minded and talented gentleman who holds at present the position of French Consul in Dublin, in conjunction with several of his countrymen resident in this city. A portion of the church outside the sanctuary rails was set apart for the accommodation of the French Consul, his wife, and various groups of French Lathes and gentlemen. But throughout the congregation we could recognize many strangers, evidently vistors from the Continent, who seemed to take a deep interest in the proceedings. The ceremonial commenced with a grand pontifical high mass. The Lord Archbishop presided The Lord Bishop of Bombay was also present. " At the conclusion of tne mass his Grace the Lord Archbishop pronounced the solemn pontifical benediction. As the blessiug was being pronounced the entire space around the high altar and tabernacle shone suddenly forth in a perfect blaze of light, from innumerable wax tapers simultaneously lit up. The Lord Archbishop, robed in full pontificals, then ascended the altar, and proceeded to address the congregation. He said,-The great events which yon have commemorated, dearly beloved, on this solemn festival, cannot fail to fill your hearts with thepurest feelings of spiritual joy and exultation. This day, in the language of the church, is the day which the Lord hath made; let us exultand rejoice in it. A son of Fxance has been born, and an heir has been given to the imperial throne. This event has filled all hearts with oy, and on this day, the festival of the Resurrection of our Redeemer, aocents of praise andgratitude to the Giver of all Good Gifts will resound from every altar of the Lord in the vast region that extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the British Channel, and from the Pyrenees to the Alps, and will be wafted over the waters of the distant shores of Nlunidia and the Tauric Chersonesus. The respected gentleman who represents the interests of France in thnis city, justly anxious to have an opportunity for himself and his countrymen residing among us to unite with their fellow-citizens beyond the seas in manifesting the feelings of delight by which they are animated, requesteJ that a solemn Te Deum should be sung to-day in thanksgivingfor the birth of the infant PIrince, and it has afforded us the greatest gratification to accede to his pious wishes. We, dearly beloved, cannot too highly appreciate the importance of the event whichh.sfllled the French nationwith delight,andwe cannot too fully sympathize with them, and unite our rejoicings with theirs It is not necessary to state that, as children of the Catholic -Church, we are members of the samebody with them, and branches of the same mystic vine to which they belong,andthatthereforeitbehoves as tofeelwiththem, asthe Apostle says, in their sufferings, and to rejoice with them in their rejoicings. But, without insisting on that spiritul connexion, and passing over in silence the consideration of aU that France has done in past times for the preservation of the Catholic faith among us, may we not hope that the e*ent for which we are about to return thanks will be the means of putting an end to that dreadful war, which has -raged so vsolentlvfor the last two years; and which, thoug,h glorious in its results, has been necessarily a scourge. and afRiction to humanity? May w,e not also promise ourselves that the birth of the young Prince will be a surety and a pledge for the proclamation of a long and permanent peace, while it must also tend to strengthen the bonds of amity *ith which this kingdom is now so happily and so closely connected with the French empire? None -of us can be indifferernt to the welfare and prosperity of so noble and powerful an ally, from whose friendsip we have derived so many benefits. Should we not also rejoice in the happimess of theImiperial family? The Empress has given the noblest examples of charity and religion, and shed the brightestlustresofeveryChristianvirtue aroundher. We arebound by manyties of gratitude to the Emperor. Hiswisdom has preserved Europe from the direful scourge of anarchy and revolution, by which, some few years ago it was menacedrestored peace aend order to a long distracted country, and conferred the greatest benefits on religion. Can we ever forget the services he rendered to the supreme head of -our church?' At his command the valiant legions of France hurried to the wlls of Roms, expelled the- abomination of abominations from the holy nlaces into which it had been introduced bysedition ani infidelty, and restored our noble pontiff Po Pius Ix., Christ!s vicar on earth; the successor of St Peter, to the see and seat of his venerablo predecessors. Should not all these motives induce us to. appiaud the resolution of our French brethren, and to unite with them in returning fervent thanks to God 1 for the mercies which they have received? Let us, then, all jon in the solemn canticie of the church now about to be intoned, and let us at the same time pray that the Imperial prince may be the harbinger of the peace of Europe, tathis days inay belong andhappy, that hemnay beconsolalation of his people, a-Iover of peace, a protector of religion, and sadefetider of the rights of the church, that he may may always cultivate friendly relations wlith this country atnd our-gracious Sovereign, and in all things fully correspondato the great destiny to which he is called. THE IsslT JUDGEs. Addresses continue to pour in upon the three Judges -whose capacity for the discharge of their duties was impeached by the hon.nmember for West- I sminster. -T'he latest manifestation that has appeared in print is one from the mayor and'dorpotation of Londonder-y to Baron Pennefather aud Mr. Justice Torrens. The former returned a --brief reply, -but the latter; as a native of the renowned maiden city, natuaially felt bound to go further -than his venerable colleague in the warmth of his gratitutdo for the coinpliment thus paid him, and he concludes a rather-lengthened roply in these terms:- " Connected, as I am, with the city of Derry by every tie of ancestry, kindred, aitd pro erty, I never can, nor will I ever forget that in thie city of Nerry was spent thef sunshine of mny infant years, the playfulness of my boyhood, the waywardnbess of my sclhoolboy aberrations; and from the respected and distinguished senrinary of your city I passed - iato the Univesity, antd froma time to tilmle returned Tihence-with favoured Success, to gladden theo~Ieart of !my beloved preceptor, the Rev. Mr. ArslhaU, and, witha no anhonoured name, enjoyed that which is moit lattar. mg to the youthful hearb-the congratulatiour of my former feulow students, and theMrovingsmiilesof fanjiiesof-nerry. Thus inked to the citybof Dsrty by all thoso ties, shal I not I feel a Just pride at the respect shown to myself -and office ! and, aXove all, shall I not join in your patriotic 4emOuStra. tion, worthy of your race, at 'the unwarrantablI ad umnconstitutional' attempt maddo on my revered brother and myself, in the late motion brought forward in the House of Commons, disparaging,-withcut inquiry, ourfair fanie and character. Gentleme you have come forward to -vindicate both, and, in conjunction with the independent counties through which we have passed on our circuit, you hive expressed, as free-born subjects of the realm, your dezioncia. tioon of proceedings tending to the aspersion of judicial character, and the subversion of constitutional law. - "Gentlemen, I have laid before you the grounds -of my attachment to your ancient and loyal city; the link is indissoluble, the tie on my part shll ever be unbroken, the affection everiasting. " Let me, in conclusion, assure you, and through you the city of Dern, in the words of our sweet native poet, with little variation, in apostrophizing his native village-ths spot of his birthplace- "'Wbere'er I roam, whatever regions see, "'3y heart, -tntravelled, fondly turns to thee.' "EWOBEBT Tor-w." THE CO1' TRADE. The subjoined remarks are extracted from the weekly trade report of the Belfast Banner - "I t would be amusing, were it not rather too serious a sub. ject for ridicule, to mark the reports of several of the jour. nals acrosa the Channel on the subject of our grain markets. One tells us, in the most melancholy tone, that the season has been marked by ' dulness and depression,' and another disciple of the same school whines out that prospects are mostunsatisfactory. These excellent writers forget that in the face of all this fancied dulness wvheat selLs at an average of 70s. per quarter-that is, about -Is. above the rates current in March last, and -that, under all the circumstances-political, local, and - prospective -the marvel is that prices should range- o high. At our Corn Exchange yesterday business was dull, and sles hard to effect. Nowo that we may say the day of war has passed away prices must fall, though not to the extent -whic some people would anticipate. Were the peacetrf aty definitively signed, and the entire seaboard of the Blacli Sea thrown open, a considerable time must elapse ere large supplies of foreign grain will come thence; and Jonathan is at present so sulky, that even his natural love of delLars would hardly tempt him to sendbreadstuffs to Bntain. There are large stocks of grain in the hands of local growers, and of potatoes the quantity saved and at present available for food exceeds the largest amount known 3n Ireand for 20 Tears." THE IXRDER IN CAVArN. A letter from Ballvoonnell, dated Friday, Says "The inquest on the body of Gallaher, which ltook place yesterday, before Ifr James Berry, coroner, and a respectable jury, terminated in a verdict of 'Wilful murder 4gainst some persons unknown.' It was attended by ldr. Nicholas XeUy, Mr. James Bannon, and Cantain Paton, County haspector. Cassidy, who was o' in on Tuesday and Wednesday, and ix endeavouring to protect whom poor Gallaher lost his life, was not forthcomin at the inquest, havingbeen taken awy and concealed. The police are using every exertiontonndout wherehehas.been removedcto. AninveSigation is to commence before the magistrates this day, and probably they may be able to bring to justice the parties concerned in this foul deed. Mlichael Reilly is still very ill from the beating he got, but refuses to tell who the perpetra. tors were. It was on a different road he was beaten from that on which Gallaher was killed."
ExEzTowN OR ThiO3iAs Jos.-Thoxnas Jones, the murderer of Dr. Hope, the convict surgeon. at Portsmouth, was executed at Winchester on Saturday morning. Before he died he repented of his crine, acknonvledged the justice of his sentence, and sought the aid of religion to support him in the prospect of an ignominious death From his condemned cell he sent the following letter, viz. - " Winchester, March 18.-To the friends and relatives of the late Dr. Hope.-It is quite impossible for me to express the feelings of deep sorrow and shame with which I reflect on the wicked deed of mine which has deprived you of one so near and dear to. you. I feel I cannot depart this life without this expression of mny sorrow, even though it may he suspected or spurnid, as I deserve it should be; b-at, as it will be too late when this reaches you to ask you to forgive me, I can only entertain the hope that your ChrLstian charity would have afforded me that comnfort if there had been an opportunity. May you be found on the day of judgment among those who shall be saved. TIoM-.s Joz;S." The persons to whom this was addressed, believing in its sincerity, and compassionating the unhappy vriter, sent a reply which consoled him in his last agonies. Thomas Jones was a most extraordinary man, and some particulars of his life are to be published at his own request. Ha partook of the Holy Sacrament on the day previous to his execution. He met his death with firmness, but -without bra-vado, and the drop fell as he pr_yed God through the Saviour of mankind to sustain and receive his souL It will be recollected that Jones was a convict on board the hulks at Portsmouth, and that he murdered Dr. Hope because he thought the latter treated him harshly on the trial. Witnesses bore testimony toDr. Hope's tenderness and humanity, but the attention of the Government has been drawn to the discipline of the hulks in consequence of the murder, and it is not improbable that the hulks will be abolished, as the treatment of convicts on board them tends rather to brutalize than to reform the rmen TaE BRISTOL CEANIEL PILOTAGE.-IU 1714 Times of Saturday were printed the propositions made by the Board of Trade on the subject of the Bristol Channel -pilotage, as discussed at a meeting of the Bristol t4own-council on the previous day. The same propositions having been sent to Cardiff, a public meeting of the shipowners and others at that port, was held on the subject ; Tr. Alderman Lewis in the chair. Mr. Batchelor, in opening the proceedings, reviewed the steps that had been taken on this subject. Hiavin read the propositions of the Board of Trade, Mr. Batchegor said, that Mr. Price, M.P. for Gloucester, and Mr. Coffin, M.P for Cardiff, had been appointed to repre_senb those ports before the Board of Trade, 'on Taesday (this day) week; and the propositions having been discussed by the meeting, it wras proposed by MJr. J.. Watson-" That the pilot sub-comnmissioners be nomnated hy a meeting composed of the shipowvners and corporation of Cardiff only, to be called by the mzayor." This was:adopted, as also was a resolution- to the effect-"qThat tenarth is so central as to render one superintendontforthe whole Channel sufficient, but at any other place two would be necessary, which would be objectionable ancd detrimental to the -general interests." Mr. Batchelor and *Mr. Jenldns were then appointed a deputation, with Mr. Coffin, M.P, to meet the deputations from other ports to tlXe Board of Trade. NEw IL&NDInGSTAGE AT LIViRrOOL.-The large floating landingatage-to be placed alongside Prince's-pier, for the accommodation of Channel and seagoing steamers, is being rapidly proceeded wvith by Messrs. Vrnon and Sons, the sb-contractors. Twenty-nine o f the 03 pontoons have been completed and arranged in the relativelpositions they are to occupy, the cetral kelson being extended and fastened over them, wthile several portions of' the other ranges of kelson are also fixed. A vast exctent .o£<the timberfraning is fitted, and xeady for being put together. Four additional pontoons are all but ready for being turned out of the rivettin-shed;. and the arrange3Dents are such that six pontoons can bo comupleted each month. When all is in readiness for the-purpose, it is proposed to launch this vast fabric iu foinr pUrtions, which vfillbe ,oated in succession to its place of destination at the Prince's-pier, where operations for its recetioh and fastening are already in a forward state. Tho whQl6 will be completed within 12 months from the present timne, the period fited-by the contract. The stage, which isto be 1,000 feet long, 'will cost upwards of 140,U01., which will be defrazfed out of the town dues. ThqEprincipic of consirtction is well known, being the saime as tl e landingstage at Geor`e'sLier. The whole weight of the sta ge, mooring-chains, andbriT%ges, is estimated at 4,500 tons, whlich, it is calculated, will ditplace about 10,OGO cubic feet of water, -wtilk its actua draught of water illnot exceed three fect,
EOFTRE RsIUE SEO. SI HEBY POTTThTG}E, G.C.B. e porEon of our readers, especially thowe e connected with the East by personal fessional ties, will learn with regret the of the death of sb experienced and able t of the Crown as Sir Henry Pottinger, an bich occurred at Malta early on the morngc ISthinst., in the 67th year of his age. - Si , iho was born about the year 1789, repre- like the Duke of Wellington, an ancient family which had- been settled for some lions in Ireland. So ancient, indeed, stock of which he eame, that accordo the records of the Heralds' College the ed baronet is said to have been 31st in t fron Eghert, the first Saxon King of d, and grandfather of Alfred. Be this, howna itmay, one branch of the family has been ! in Berkshie since the Conquest, and during th century sent several of its members to retthe good town of Reading in Parliament. ther branch, from which the late Sir Hemy escended, settled in Ireland about the middle 16th century, and in.1661 we find oneThoomas ger, of 3ount Pottinger, county of Down, the first "' Sovereignz' or Mayor of Belfast, e incorporation of that town by Charles HI. n conveyed King William m. to Ireland, but ot at sea in an attempt to intercept a convoy of h vessels laden, as was supposed, with suppli a Jaynes's army. Fourth in descentfromthe ehomas was the father of the subject of our oir, Eldred Carwen Pottinger, Esq., of Mount ger, who married, in 1779, Anne, da-tghter cf ate Roert Gordon, 1Eq., of Florida, county of and died in 1814, leaving three daughters eight sons. NLearly all the sons who survived cy devoted themselves to the service of their ry, either in the navy, the army, or in the India Company's army. The fifth son, , the subject of our present remarks, went to as a cadet in 1804, and at an early age atd the attention of the civil and military rities there by his energy, information, ready administrative powers. During his ;ojOurn in that country he was employed i st every branch of the public service. le was ore than seven years Judge and Collector at nednuggar, in the Deccan, and for 15 years more ,ed the post of Political Resident at Cutch and de; during part of the latter period he was also sent of the Regency inthe former province. was the opinion at that time formed of his as by Lord Auckland, the Governor-General of , that when that nobleman was raised to the dom, and General Eeane to a Barony, in Deer, 1839, after the Affghanistan campaign, r-General Pottinger -was raised to the Baroae, as a token of the appreciation felt in Engof the services which he had rendered in the arge of his difficult duties. Sir Henry Potger returned to England in 1840, having esta- ld a deservedlyhighreputation; and it cannot a matter of surprise that he found no difficulty taining further employment. In the year 184t, generally known, differences connected for the part with the opium trade broke out between s country and the Emperor of China. Accord- , early in 1841 Sir Henry was selected by Hler sty's Government to discharge the office of a diator, and was ordered to proceed to China as oy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, the purpose of adjusting the matters in dispute. joined Admiral Sir William Parker at Bom- about the end of June in that year, imately after the surrender of the city of on to the Britash forces under General, now r Gough, suppolted by the fleet under the e late Sir H. de Fleming Senhouse and Sir Gordon eer; and he arrived off Canton in the Sesostris wards the end of the following month. At the e time he was gazetted Superintendent of the ih Trade in China. Whatever may be the opinion entertained as to e polcy of our war with China, it is certain that h ina became the field on which the diplomatic ility of the late Sir Henry Pottinger was most and fairly exhibited. On his arrival at acao,August 12, he issued a spirited proclamation, otifying that while he wvould do his best to consult e wishes and prosperity of all Her Majesty's subctsandother foreigners resident in China, "at e same time it became his first duty distinctly to aate that it was his intention to devote his undided energies'and thoughts to the primary object I securing a speedy and satisfactory close of the and thattherefore he could allow no consideraof mercantile or other interests to interfere with e strong mneasures which he nmight find it necessary authorize and adopt towards the Government and ects of China in order to compel an honourable lastimg peace." At the same time, wvith t wisdom, he -warned the British resi- ns on no account to rely upon the existing' e, but to stand upon their guard against the idy and bad faith of the Chinese officials. The equel of our war wvith China is too wvell known to eed recording here; it is enough to say that the tary and naval operations of the British forces Amoy, w.-hich wvas captured in the same month, ere well supported by the arts of diplomacy, and at the genius and far-sightedness of Sir Henry tinger contributed inno sliEht degree to bring to successful issue our protracted hostilities with he crafty Chinese. The result of these opera- o, as all our readers are aware, was to throw pen a commerce with 330,000,000 natives, and the termns of the treaty with which the war was concluded in 1842 "were such as to give universal satisfaction, not merely on account of the palpable and self-evident benefits arising from [free trade with such an extended population, but 1also from the strong precautions that have been taken to prevent abuses." It is not too much to say that, if the " benefits " under the former category are mnainly due to Lord Gough and Sir W. Pa~rker, those under the latter are principally to be ascribed to the skill and forethought of Sir Henry Pottinger. As soon as the news of this treaty reached Eng,land Sir Henry was rewarded ior his services withi the Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath; he was subsequently appointed Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the island of Hongkong, which post he held from April, 1843, to the spring of the foUowing year, when he returned to England. In May, 1844, he was sworn a member of the Privy Coumcil, and a pension of 1,5001. a- year was settled upon him by a vote of the House of Commons. In September, 1846, he was again chosen for active service, being appointed to the ,Governorship of the Cape of Good Hope, in succession to Sir Peregrine Maitland, and discharged that office with great address and energy through a very troubled period, until September, 1847, when he was relieved by the present General Sir Harry G.W. Smith, G.C.13. In l84' hewent againtoIlndia, the scene of his early services, and held the post of Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Presidency of Madras until the year 1854, when he finaly returned to England. In November, 1851, he was promoted to the local rank of LieutenantGeneral in India. In every relation of public and private life, the name of Sir Henry Pottinger has long commanded the respect and esteem of all who have been brought into c innexion with him; is administration of public affairs in India, China, andA4frica, has been umiformly'excellent,and'we only re-echo public opinion when we say that we seldom have had occasion to regret anL officer who has rendered greater service to the Cro.n and the co;mtry.
SORC-Y UT FRANGCE.-The peasantry of Touraine believe firmly in sorcery, and a number of designing kna-es turn their credulity to good account by pretending to be magicians. In the hope of enlightening the peasantry thc Tribunal of Correctional Police of Tours has within the last two years condemned not fewer than Eix soi-di-5ant sorcerers to fine and imprisonment as swvindlers; but the faith of the peoplc in their poner still continues wodizrninshed. Two days ago tw-o other such practitioners, naimied Lafont and Belluot, wvere brought to trial ladore the sa.-me tribunal for swfindlingt. A peasant named Jahan, of Cussay, said that he bad bad recouse to their art to cure an ox of his which was ill, and to make one of his cows give milk; and thhat what they did was this-stalked solemnly round the stable in vhich the animals were, scattered about a white powYder, burned a blue powder, spread out 12 pieces of five francs given by himn on an open hook contain. ing pictures, and muttered some uniutelligible; words, plucked a. few hairs from the neck of the ox, and wasbed the uddersof the cow; and, lastly, made hil burn nine wa3 candles, and have a certain number of masses said. For all these important operations they hadl charged 7Sf. Another pe.asant of the same village, named Jourdain, said that he also had bad recourse to their skill for a sick ox, but bad only paid them 4()f. Another man, named Pinard, rnember of the municipal council of Balermes, further Trtoverl that he had paid them 20f. to be told, by their art, wfhat hand become of a sum of money which he had Jot. The Tribunal sentenced Lafont, who was the chief actor in +he_e affairs, tu a year's imprisonment, and Bellhot, whb iadacted Lhis --aclt, toa month of the sane punish, vit
NAVAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENcE. The Baalbec steam transport, No. 89, Captain Hockley, arrived at Spithead on Sunday evening from th Crimea; five days and 20 hours from Gibraltar. - She bronghfMaijor Hope, Royal Artillery; Captain Greviule, Royal Artillery.; Major -Penton, -of the Middlesex 'Militia I_)r. M'Caine, Captain Waller, 7th Royal Fusileers; Iieutenants Butler andBelfield; Mr.Hardinge, and 36 intermediate passengers and invalids. She also brought 77 guna, from the remains - of Sebastopol, 137 boxes of damaged powder, and other items of-eargo. On -the 16th inst.,--10 -miles east of. Gibraltar,: she passed the Jura and Hydaspes steam transports-i on thel8th, 40 miles east of Cape St. Vincent, she epoke the brig Amela Hill. The Tyne, 4, naval storeship, Mr. Peter Wellington, y.N., Master-Commanding, arrived at Spithead on Snnday evening from the eastward. Her Majesty's steam frigate, Magicienne, 16, Captain, Vansittart, arrived at Spithead on Sunday evening from Plymouth, and joined the fleet. The Wanderer, 6, screw despatch gunboat, Commander Luce, arived at Spithead sand joined the fleet yesterday. The Horatio, 8, screw mortar ship, Captain the Hon. A. A. Cochrane, C.B., arrived at Spithead from the eastward yesterday, and joined the fleet. The Centaur, 6, paddlewheel frigate, Captain Clifford, C.B., was-tal-en out of the basinuafter refit yesterday, and the gunboat Hardy was taken into dock for repairs. The Algiers, 91, Captain H. 3. Codrington, C.B., will be undocked, after refit, this day. Uler Majesty's State yacht Victoria and -Albert, Captain the Hon. Joseph Denman; was yesterday ordered to be prepared and got ready for service by 4 p.m. this day. We believe she goes on an experimental cruise,-to test the efficacy of some Welsh coaL The Government are about purchasing the steam transport Resolute, which 'arrived at Portsmouth on Saturday. She is of iron, and'a sister vessel to the Transit. The following ships of the fleet (all steamers) were at Spithead yesterday :- And a fleet of gunboats at the Motherbank. The ship Burlington, Captain Gamble, 126 days from Hongkong, and eight 'weeks from the Cape of Good Hope, which landed a mail at Falmauth on Saturday, arrived in Plymonth Sound yesterday (Monday) morning. She has about 200 invalids, viz., some soldiers belonging to the 59th Regiment, and seamen belonging to the flagship Winchester. 50, Captain Thomas Wilson; the frigate Sybille, Captain the Hon. G. J. B. Elliott; and the sloop Bacehorse, 14, Commander Edward K. Barnard. The naval invalids will be landed at Plymouth. The Burlington took in some wine, horns, and hides at the Cape. The Haughty, 2 guns, screw steam gunboat of 60-horse power (nominal), left Sheerness on Sunday last at 4.50 a.m., for Portsmouth, to join the gunboat squadron for exercise there. The African paddlewheel steainvessel, Second-MasterCommander Rheuben Harvey, left at9.25 a.m. yesterday for Ipswich, for the purpose of towing to this port one of the new mortarvessels built there. The Mfohawk, 4 guns, new screw steam gunvessel of 200horse power (nominal), arrived here from Chatham at 12.45 p.m. on Sunday last, to complete her fitment, and prepare for immediate service. The Victor, 6 guns, new screw steam gunvessel, Commander T. E. Algernon de Horsey, steamed out of the fitting basin, Sheerness, at 2 p.m. yesterday. She is to complete her coaling, take in stores, ammunition, &c., adjust her compasses, and proceed to Portsmouth. An extensive military hospital has been commenced at Sheerness, by Messrs. Robert T. Carslisle and Co., Government contractors, of Bermondsey New-road, London. Itis situate in the south-east quaLter of the Ordnance laud, -within the present line of fortification, and is entirely detached from any other buildings of the new barrack department. The present hospital, for all cases contagious or otherwise, being in the midst of the old garrison barracks, has frequently been found most inconvenient, and in many cases injurious to the health of the troops generaly. The left wing of the officers' quarters, now erecting by Mr. Josiah Hall, of Queenborough, will shortly be ready for the officers' occupation, giving ample accommodation to a large number of officers and their attendants-orderlies, &a. The following important circular, in reference to the new regulations issued by the War-omce for the payment to recruits of the whole of their bounity, has been received by the comnmanding officers of depots at the provisional battalion, Chatham:- " Advertingto the Royal Warrant of the 22d of January last, which provides that recruits enlisted on and after the 31st of that month shall be entitled to receive in money the actual sum specified as a bounty, and that they shall be supplied with a complete kit at the public expense, I am directed to acquaint you, with reference to the circular letter from this department No. 1,215, dated the 21st of December, 1855, that the personal part of the bounty admissible for the men of the reg'ular cavalry, artillery, and infantry, who desert before final approval, but who on recovery to the service are pardoned and forwarded to their regiments or depots as recruits, vill in future be limited to the amount actually paid to the man previously to his desertion, whether as. on attestation, or 20s., including 15s. on immediate approvaL. "B. HAWxES." The despatch of gunboats for fitment at Woolwich continnes with even more than ordinary raDidity, and in some cases they appear barely in a state to leave the builder's yard with safety. The Roebuck from Scott Russell's has arrived at Woolwich, a mere shell, unpainted; and a second from the same establishment is ex. pected to-morrow in a like primitive condition. The Thrasher and the Spanker were,to-day admitted into the outer basin to go through the hands of the riggers. Lieutenant Sulivan, late of Her Majesty's ship Vesuvius, has been appointed to the command of the Thrasher, and this morning performed the ceremony of hoisting his pennant on board. The gunboats Procris and Grappler were this morning launched at Messrs. Pitcher's building yard, and are to be forwarded thence to Woolwich to receive their engines, masts, and other gear. The -paddlewheel steamer Vesuvius, Commander Hore, has completed her repairs, and has been fitted with new hoilers and engines. Her guns were this morning hoisted on board. They consisted of two 68-pounders, four 32-pounders, and two 24-pound brass howitzers. The crew and officers having been transferred to the Ardent during the repairs are to be turned over to the Vesuvius on Wednesday. She wil then proceed from Woolwich to Portsmouth to join the squadron. A number of split mortars have arrived at Woolwich Arsenal from Shoeburyness, per Phcenix. A few days ago at Woolwich, one of the mortars, under proof, with an ordinary charge, burst with so much force that a portion of the fragmnents, at a distance of 800 feet from the spot, fell through the roof of the contractor's (Messrs. Kirk and Parry) office, fortunately without doing any further injury. The mortar vessels numbered 53 and 54, built by Wiliam Briggs and Sons, Sunderland, were launched yesterday afternoon, and will be despatched to London towed by the Queen steamtug. Her Majesty's gunvessel Erne, 60-horse power, was com. missioned on the 17th. Iieutenant J. D'Arcy, R.N., late of Her MajesWs ship Queen, who has recently returnedfrom the Black Sea, is to take up that appointment. The vessel is fitting at Deptford, and is progressiig rapidly. The following appaintments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- - Commander innis Chambers, to the Driver, as Acting Commander, vice Gardner, gone to hospital; Lieutenant A. W. Gillett, to the Osprey; Lieutenant J. R. D. Cooper, to the Vigilant; Lieutenant Charles C. Mitchell, to the Alacrity; the Rev. F. W. Grimes, naval jasts-uctor (confirmed), to the Magicienne; David Craigie, master, to the Saturn;- Denton IL Speer, master, to the Coquette; A rthur N. Phillips, mnaster's assistant, to the Eak; and MIichael Walling, surgeon, to the Glatton. An order from the War-office has reached the officers cormandLng the troops stationed at the Curragh camp, that they are to hold themnselves in readiness to proceed to Dublin, where they will occupy the barracks in that city. The detachment of the 26th, Cameronians, under orders to proceed from the depot of that regimenD at Chatham to Bermuda, to streugthen the service companies at that station, are not expected to leave the Provisional Battalion until Tuesday next.
FiP. oas BOARD THE SCiRcW STBAsmIP VESTA.- On Sur.day morning an alarm was raised that the large screw steamship Vesta, lying off East-ane, Bernmondsey; was on fire. The ship was of several hundred tons burden, and was under the commandI of Captain Kavanagh, and bound for Oporto. It was loaded with a general cargo. The total amount of stock in the ship was valued at several thousand pounds sterling. It appears that three Customhouse officers were engaged looking to the loading of the ship, when one of the officers perceived smoke issuing from the hatchway. Upon the revenue officers going below they found that the ship, in the under part of the lowef deck, wais in a blaze. The fire spread with such rapidity that in the course of a few minutes not less than 100 bales of hemp were ignited. The powerful steam lower float arrived very opportunely. The engine was set to work, but in spite of that the fire continued to spread, and at length it rushed up the hatchways and fired the combings. After three hours' bard work the firemen subdued the fire. One hundred bales of hemp were destroyed, and the whole of the remainder of the cargo considerably damaged by fire and water. The fire, it is supposed; was caused by one of. the men trimming an oil lamp, when a soark fell from the wick upon the hemp.
SPRPJG ASSIZE. HEONE CMC~Mxr =GSTON. MARCn 24. (Before Mr. Justice COLXNMDGM) EdmInd Henry Plunmmer, the defendant in the action of "Andrewv v. Plummer," reported on Friday, was to-day tried upon an indictment charging him with wilful and corrupt perjury in the evidence he gave at the-original trial in x(renece zo the same proceedings. JMr. Serjeant Shee, Mr. Ribton, and Ylr. Pearse were counsel for the prosecution; sfr, Ballantine and Mr. Hawkins appeared for the defendant. The evidence was pretty nearly the same as that which ivwas given on the former occasion, and the jury, after a short deliberation, returned a verdict of auji'ty. Mr. Justice COLERIDGn, after making some appropriate remarks upon the very dangerous character of the offence committed by the defendant, sentenced him to four years' penal servitude. (Before Bairon ALDrBsoN and a Special Jury.) CATTERMOLE V. HODGSON. This was an action upon a contract. The defendant put several pleas npon the record, but the material question in the cause was whether he had undertaken to provide an ample and sufficient security for an advance of the snm of 4001. by the plaintiff. Mr. E. James, Q.C., Mr. Brown, and Mr. Hawkins were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. 'M. Chambers, Q.C., Mr. Lush, and Mr. Malcolm appeared for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action, it appeared, had, vith hiswife, been for a great many years in the servrice of the Earl of LJovelace, andafter nearly 30 years of servitude they had contrived to save aboat 5001., and at the time of the transacrtion that was the subject of inquiry they kept a small pub- lichouse at Esher. The defendant originally carried on the business of a wine and spirit merchant in Mondon, but ho has recently entered into the occupation of, a brewery at [ Kingston. It appeared that be sup.plied the plaintiff with spirits, and was i the habit of callng upon him at certain intervals, and, according to his evidence, in the beginning of the year 1852 the defendant asked him if he had not [ got Somne money lying idle, antd he told him that r he had some at the JLondon and Westminster Banc. The defendant said he was a fool, to allow his money to remain there for 1l per cent. interest, and he said that he could get him a splendid villa upon Lord John Russells estate at Brixton as a security, and that it would pay him 5 per cent. According to the evidence of the plaintiff he had great faith in the honour of the defendaat, and he at once fell in with the suggestion, and the defendant undertook that his own solicitor should draw up all the necessary deeds, the wife of the plaintiff at the time stating that she should look to the defendant chiefly, and remninding him that the money they were going i to invest was the result of all the savings of their lives. In the result, it appeared that on the 5th of June an appointment wras made at the office of the defendant inLondon, where a mortgage deed was produced and execatedbyapersonnamedDarnEord, of a villa residence in Loughborongh-Park, Brixton, and the plaintiff handed over 44)01. For 1S months after this it appeared that Durnford paid the interest regularly, but in 1854 the plaintiff, not receiving the amount as usual, applied to Durnford for it, and he then told him that he should pay no more, and two or three months afterwards Durnford absconded altogether. The plaintiff, who represented that he had acted entirely upon the representations of the defendant, anjd who had never even seen the property that was the subject of the mortgage, instituted inquiries, and he found that the " splendid villa" wias a very badly constructed offiice; that the "lawn," which had also been spoken of by the dofendant, was nmerely a piece of grassplot before the house, a few feet square, and that the " coachihouso and stabling," which the defendanthad likewise putforw9ard as an additional enhancement of the property, were merely a movable shed and a stall only fit for a pony, made out of old teachests. The premises wvere finally put up to auction under the mortgage, and realized 2a0I., and after the costs and expenses had been deducted all that remained was the sum of 1601., and the present actioa was brought to recover the difference between that sum and the amaount that had been advanced by the plaintiff. The plaintiff and his wife were summoned, and they spoke particularly toaslithe facts connected with the circumstances under which the money was originally advanlced. It also appeared that Dnurnford, who at the time in question kept the Charlotte Tavern in the Pionltry, was heavily indebted to the defendant at the time in question, and that the transaction wvas all carried out by .Ur. Buchanan, the defendant's solicitor. There wias also some evidence that several of the Bank of England notes that were paid by the plaintiff to Dnrnford had passed through the hands of the defendant; and, in addition to these facts, it was shown that the villa in question had been sold by the person who built it, with another of the same class, for 4001,,; and he also said that he should havebeenper3ectlysatisfi ed if he had got 250Z. for it. It appeared, however, that the person who occupied the villa at the time of the sale by auction would not allow any one to look over it, and that he told everyone who came to look at it that the houlse was not habitable, and that, notwithstanding these disadvantages, it still fetched 250!. by public auction. hlr. OaC xEuS, on the part of the defendant, said, he was instructed that there was no truth in the representation made by the plaintiff, that the defendant had first suggested that his money might be used more advantageously, and he The defendant, who swvore positively that the plaintiff first applied to him upon the subject, and asked himn if he could invest the money for him, and he said it was net until several months after he so applied to 1im that he heard thatflurnfordwanted to raise money upon the villain question, and, believing him to bo a respectable and respons ible man, he mnentioned the matter to the plaintiff, and advised himto go and look at the propertythat v.as to be offered as security, and he said he wrould do so. With regard to the banknotes that were alleged to have passtd through his hands, he stated that they were merely given to repay an advance of money he had, made to Dumnford, and this Ifact appeared to be clearly made out by other witnesses. The defendant also stated that his own solicitor was merely em ployed because the p laintiff had no solicitor, and did not mderstand anything about such matters, and with a view to save hima trouble. A surveyor was also called, who ox- pressed his opinion that the villa in question was worth 4501., and it was urged that, if the ulnlintiff had not pressed forward the sale in the manner he did and under sulch disadvantageous circumstances, it wrould have fetehed a great deal more than it did, even when sold by auction. hlfr. J,2E3 made a most powerfuil and eloquent reply ulpon thle whole case, and contended, that, even if the jury should be of opinion that none of the 4001. that had been obtained had actually come into the possession of the plaintiff, yet that it was evidently a very important thing for him to keep Trunford upon his lees, as it was called, as long as he could, and that with this object he had lent himself to the proceeding that had deprived these poor people of nearly all they possessed in the world. Mr. Baron AnnnnSoN having summed up, the jury almost immediately returned a verdict forzthe plaintiffDamages 150!.
AIILAND CqTTr-. WARWICK Vv.rTr 94 CIVIL SIDE.-(Befee LoRDn CArDsELL and a Cor,;2omW2 Jury.) EMERY V. PEAXE. This was an action agamnst a clergyman for keeping a dog accustomed to bite manland. Mr. Bittleston and Mr. W. H. Adams appeared for the plaintiff, Mfr. Serjeant Hayes for the defendant. The plaintiff is a wording gardener living at Aston, near Birmingham, and thc defendant is the vicar of the same parish. On the 16th of March in last year the plaintiff was walking home, when he saw Mrs. Peake come out of a house where she had been visiting some sick poor. She was accompanied by two dogs, who immediately flew up to the plaintiff and commenced an attack upon him, one before and the other behind. HIe defended himself from them with his hands for a short time, but at last one of them bit him in the leg, a little way above the ancle. These dogs were produced in court; they appeared to be of the Skye terrier or Dandie Dinmont breed, and bore the characteristic namaes of "M ustard" and " Pepper." The plaintiff called out, "Oh, dear, I am bit 1" and the lady went up to him and expressed her sorrow for what had happened. The plaintiff went homle as well as he could, and then found that his leg had bled very much. He endeavoured at first to cure it for himself, hut the leg got worse, and on the S0th of Marchl he wss obliged to call in a surgeon, who found one deep sore and two smaller wounds in his leg, and who continued his attendance for about two months. The plaintiff had for a long time been incapacitated for digging and gardening work, and up to the present time even his leg was not quite wvell. About three weeks after the occurrence he called -upon the defendant, and wished to see him upon the subject of his accident; but the defendant sent him out halfa-crown, and refused to see lim. Several witnesses were examined on behalf of the plaintiff to show that these dogs had previously attacked and bitten other people, aud among others the butcher who served the defendant's family, as well as his son, had been bitten at and had their trousers tonm by the dogs in the vicarage-yard, though their .boots saved their legs, and these witnesscs had made complaint to the defendant's servants. Mr. Serjeant HAYES, in the course of his address to the jury, contended that there was no evidence upon which a jury could act either that these dogs were ferocious or that the defendant had any knowledge of their being so, or of their having bitten any one before * and he thought that, if a verdict should be found for the plaintiff, it would produce the greatest consternation among the ladies on account of their favourite lapdogs. There were very few dogs against whom as strong a case of ferocity might not easily be mado out, and, indeed, against the whole race the charge had been made that "dogs delight to bark and bite, for 'tis their nature to." He should show, however, that these were more than usually well-disposed. MEr. and Mrs. Peake were examined as witnesaes, and gave the dogs a general good character. Mr. Peake did not remember that he had ever beard any complaints of their having attacked any one; but Mirs. Peake had heard of their tearing the butchers' trousers. Other witnesses were also examined, who had not heard anything against the peaceable disposition of Mustard and Pepper. Lord CA nPBEiL summed up the evidence, and The jury, having remained in deliberation some time, found a verdict for the plaintiff.-Danmnges, 601.
OXFORTD CIECIJIT. SREMWSBURY. IEARC 24. CIMAUL COVRT.-(Bcfore Mr. JWUStcO CRESSWVELL.) John Hughes, who on Thursday last was convicted of stealing a post letter. at Shrewsbiuy, was this morning ,brought into court and sentenced to four years' penal servitude. Geraldine Simcock, aged 31, married woman, was charged with the wilful murder of her infant child at Dfrayton, on the 13th of February. AIr. Scotland appeared for the prozecution; the prisoner was undefended. Mr. SCOTLA)D, in opening the case, said the prisbner was the wife of a labouring nman, but she did not live -with her husband, and, being in a state of distress, she, in the month of September last, with her two children, was admitted into the workhouoe of the Dxayton Union. She was pregnant at the time, and on the 13th of February last was delivered of a full-grown and healthy child. The child soon after its birth was washed and dressed, and put into bed with the mother. In a few hours after the nurse brought the prisoner some brealfast, it being then 3 o'clo_k At about 10 o'clock the same morning a young womian heaid tE prisbner cai-out-that-the child was-going, and when the nurse and other parties came to the bed they found the child din i, and observed a putrple swelling oi its forehead. One of the women immediately -an away with the child, and carried it to the clergyman to have it baptized, but before she got there the child was'dead., A post-2norte,m examination wa then held by the sirgeon, who would state that in his opinion, death was caused by a blow or pressure on the forehead, or by suffocation, or by both. Ar. Justice CRESSWELL suggested that it would be better to call the surgeon in the first instance. It was then proved by the surgeon's assistant that the child had no mark on the forehead when it was born. M1r. Saxton, the surgeon to the urnion, was then examined. He said that when he saw the child, about two hours after its death, it had a livid swelling on its forehead, and a small red spot on each side of the head. On a post . mo7-tem examination he found extravasated blood under the swelling on thie forehead, the brain and lungs much congested, the left side of the heart empty, and the right side full of blood. Ee attributed the congestion of the lungs to want of air, and the mark on the forehead to a blow or pressure. In answer to a question from the learned judge, the witness stated that the mark on the forehead might have been occasioned by the woman in her weak and heavy state putting her elbow accidentally on the forehead of the child. Mr. Justice CRESSWELL, upon this evidence, said he thought it was impossible to say that the charge Against tho prisoner could be sustained. MIr. ScorLA?an said he could not carry the case further. Thejury then found the prisoner eotu Guirtty. William Vaughan, 26, was charged with the manslaughter of Samuel Rigby, on the 15th of October, 1855, atWellington. It appeared that the prisoner was a chartermaster in the employ of the Ketley Company The deceased w.es a miner under him, and on the 15th of Octber, 1855, he, with five other men, went down into a coal pitto work. Finding that a boy whose duty it was to drive a horse in the pit was absent, the deceased and the other miners refused to work. Thereupon they called to the pit-mouth to the prisoner, saying that they would come out of the pit, as they could not work without the boy. The prisoner, enraged at this, threatened to drop something on them if they did not go to work; andhe was then seen by some women who were at work onthe pit bank to go somne little distance, and take a large plank, wvhich he threw down the pit. The other men in the pit, hearnngtheplankfalling, escaped into the workings; but the deceased was struck by the plank upon the backe, and, being brought up from the pit in an insensible state, he died in a few hours afterwards. The witnesses were cross-examined with a view to show tbat the prisoner had given warning that the plank was coming down; but, under his Lordship's direction, the jury found im Guilty. Mr. Justice CRE§SSWELL sentenced the prisoner to be imprisoned with hard labour for one calendar month. William Broadfield, aged 44, was charged with malicicusly wounding T. A. Wilmot, on the 26th of July, 1849, at Much Wlenlock, with intent to prevent his lawful apprehension, and also with intent to do grievous bodily harnL Mr. Scotland appeared for the prosecution; MNr. W. H. Cooke defended the prisoner. It appeared that on the 26th of July, 1849, the prisoner was seen at Wenlock [fair, in company with several lowcharacters. In the course of the day there was a fight in one of the booths, and one of the polfeemen, a man named BEntley, went into the booth to quell the disturbance. WVhile endeavouring to do this the officer was thrown back on the table, the leg of which was broken. The prsoner was in the party, and was seen making an assault on the officer, but he made his escape for the time. He was, however, followed by the prosecutor, -Wilmot, the superintendent of police, and collared. A mob was immediately collected, and the prisoner endeavoured to get away; bat by this time Bentley came upl and knocked the prisoner two blows over the head. The prisoner then seized a staff from one of the policemen, and with it struclc the prosecutor, and laid him on the ground, saying, " Yoi struck me; I'll ki you." 'When another witness came up he saw the prisoner standing over the prosecutor, and striking him over the head With a truncheon. The prosecutor was then released, and carried away in a state of insensibility; and, on a surgeon being sent, for, it was found that bis nose was broken, and his head a mass of wounds. The prosecutor had since lost his hearing, and been compelled to resign his place in the police, in consequence of the injuries whic he received. The prisoner made his escape at the time, and kept out of the way till October last, when he was arrested. Mr. CooxE, for the defence, admitted that the prisoner must be convicted of an unlawful wounding, but contended that there was nothing to show he had the felonious intent charged. The jury found the prisoner Guilly of maliciously wounding, with intent to do grievous bodily harn. Mr. Justice CREssm-aLY, inpassing sentence, said that miany years ago the prisoner had been sentenced to transportation for theft, and he had since been twice imprisoned For assaults on the police. The police 'iad only done their duty in endeavouring to quell the disturbance, and; in order to protect them, he should pass a severe sentence or. the prisoner-viz., thathebe kept in penal servitude for six years. Ann Roberts, aged 24, single woman, was charged with endeavouing to conceal the birth of her illegitimate child, at the parish of Buildwas, by disposing of the dead body. M 3Wr. Talfoird appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. W. H. Cooke defended the prisoner. The first investigation affecting the prisoner appeared to have arisen from a conversation which took place on Sunday, the 27th of January, between the prisoner's father and a policeman named Pugh. Certain marks were found in the outhouse of the garden of the former, and there wvere similar marks at another place, about a dozen yards off, and on the walk. The prisoner was apprehended, and then denied having ever had a child; but this statement was strongly contradicted by the medical evidence. About three weeks after the body of a full-grown female child was found just below Buildvas-bridge. It was partly decomposed, covered with mud, and wrapped round with raps which appeared to have been originally a petticoat. By means of this petticoat it was sought to connect the child found with the prisoner. A 'witness, Charlotte Brazier, identified a piece of petticoat found round the body of the child as being of the same pattern as a dress given by her to the defendant's mother some years ago; and another witness, Martha Meredith, spoke to having seen the frock wvorn by Sarah Roberts, the prisoner's sister. A woman, named Ann Jones, deposed that she was gleaning with theprisoner in August last, when her frock was turned up, an that she then had on a petticoat 'of the same colour and pattern as the one in which the child was. found. She had also seen the prisoner in the early part of January last, when she app eared to be in the Lamilyway. Mr. Cooxa addressed the jury for the prisoner, and contended that it was not shownthat the child belonged to the prisoner. Itt was found in the river three weeks after it was supposed to have been born, and might have com{e down from wales, and bethnought the similarity of the petticoat: was not so clearly proven as was necessary to identif y the, child as belonging to the prisoner. The jury found the prisoner Vot Guilty.
NORTHmRN CIRTClRT. TIVERPOOlT. A.-- 0A Mlr. Justice WiUles arrived in this town early on Saturday afternoon, land immediately opened the conmiission at St. George's-hall. This morning the learned judges took their seats on the bench at 12 o'clock, Mr. Baron Martin charging the grand jury, and sitting on the Crown side. The calendar contains the names of 117 prisoners, of whoni 5 are charged with rnurder, 5 with manslaughter, 29 with burglary, 7 with cutting and wounding, 2 with arson, U1 with robbery with violence, 2 with rape, S with forgery, 11 with coining and uttering counterfeit coin, anA the rest with larceny and minor offences. The cause ist is said to contain an entry of 100 causes, of which 32 are in the Salford list. The list is not yet published. In the Crown Court, the Mint and some ordinary cases were disposed of in the course of the day. NIS} 11nSu9 CO T- oBefOre Mr. JWstkenWrus.) SWAN V. LEES. This w-as an action of slander. Mr. Knowles, Q.C., and Mr. Monk appeared for the plaintiff, and Yr. Sergeant Wilkins and Mr. Spinks for the defendant. The plaintiff, it appeared, is a tailor and draper at Staleybridge, and the defendant an attorney, and in that town great excitement appears to have existed during last year in consequence of an election under a local act. There were two parties, the "Yellows" andthe "Blnes,"and theYeilows won. A quo uva2ranto was applied for inthe Court of Queen's Bench to set aside the election; but, by agreement of the learned counsel engaged, it was arranged that a peremptory tiandamus should go for a new election. The Yellow party again won, and a scrutiny was demanded,which kept Staleybridge in a ferment, and ended in the- defendant beipg turned out of a local office. On the 7th of November last all the parties met at the WVhite Hart Inn, at Staleybridge, where the previous excitement exihibited itself in the defendant saying to the plaintiff, " You set your house on fire to get the insurance money, and woul.d not let the firemen put it out. You are a thief and an insolvent, and can't ay lQs. in the potund." This slander having been proved bY several w/itnesses present, Mr. Sergeant WI,n~s, on the part of his client, with drew the words, and offered as an apology that his client had partaken too freely of intoxicating liquors, and really did not remember that he had ever used such expressions. He consented to a rcrdict-Damages,.40s His LoEDsEr said, this was a very proper ending of the whole business. Verdietfor the plaintiff-Damages, 40s.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your leading article upoll adulterations on Saturday last you mentioned the fact, in reference to bread, " that potatoes give weight, alum whiteness?' It may not be generally ]nown that alum is employed for another purpose besides that of giving whiteness it has also the pIoperty of giving, indirectly, weight, by its capability of absorblg water. In consequence of this the adulteration of the quartern loaf by alum is not only a very pernicious ad-* diiion, but it is undeniably a frauld perpetrated by every baker using it, inasmuchl as the 41b. alinninated loaf contains several ounces less of nutrient matter than the unsophisticated. I am, Sir, yours, &c.. WrTn Uipper George-street, Thyanston-square, &!arch 24. CIANGES OF POLICE MAGISTRATS.-Mr. II. S. Selfe, of the Oxford Circuit, has been appointed metropoLij tan police magistrate, in the pvlace of hr. Hardlwick, resignled. MT. Beador is trarsferred 'rom Hammersmith to larlbor&igh-street. IJr. Ingham, fron the Thamles policecout, goes to iaanmersrith. Mir. Eelfe taukes the Thanmeo court.-O&@eraer.
PoLICE. GUmtaDAL.-A boy, 13 years of age, was placed at the bar before Sir PFrma JAacan, charged with attempting to set fire to the house No. 3, Coleman-street-buildings, and with brealing open a cashbox and stealing thererom a -bundle of pap *- Charles James Fox said, he lived at 31, Wi-ndsor-terrace City-road, andwas clerk to Paris, Siniainides, and Co., nier*chants, of 3, Coleman-street-buildings. The prisoner was 5.n their- employ and had been so for About two montbs. ~Witness went to the office iboat 10 o'^loc yesterday morning,- and found the pnisoner tliereHlohe, whsgave hin some of exchange, stating tht .he found them in 3oorgatestreet on Saturday evening. He also said that he founad r. .Siianidea' desk-and his* ovnabroLen open. Witness examined the desks, and found them'~as the prisonerhad stated. He then opened the safe avith thc key hich ihe took from tr. Sinanides' desr, and ' fouad the cashbox broken open and the papers deposited--thereiliad been taken out. He asked-the prisoner why he didnotrnention the circumstance on Suaday,as he had been atbis (witness's) house on that day 7-and he said that he did not tbink the bills woere important, but that he had'been to 3£r. Sinaiiides' house twice and was inforamed that he was but. Witness then fetched a policeman. Sir P. IAUR}E.-Do you think, from. wlat you know of the boy, that he had any knowledge of the value of the Witness.-No; I do not think he did knovr the value. Elizabeth Janes said, she lived vrith the housekeeper at the prosecator's office. On Saturdayevening, between halfpst 5 and half-past 6, she was cleaning the stairs, and she heard the office door open. She looked over the banisters and saw the prisoner go downstairs on tip-toe. He iminediately afterwards ran across the road and left the place. She then smelt fire proceeding from a cupboard under the kitchen stars, which after some little time she managed to put out. Sir P. LIURM-Have you any further evidence? Officer Packman.-Not at present, Sir Peter. Sir P. ID i&-WeD, you had better get further informnation and bring him up on Wednesday.. At present there is not suficent evidence for me to comniit him. Packnan said he had no doubthe hshould be able to get more information bythat time. SirP.LAI cE.-Very well. Dowhatyou can, but I certanly see no motive for the commission of such an act, and in the absenoe of suoh motive I should not like to send the boy for trial. He is remanded. ionel Yates was placed at the bar on remand, charged with stealing a quantity of silk from his employers, Messrs. Nicholson, of St. Paul's-churchyard. The evidence having been read over, the prisoner, who reserved his defence, was committed for trial. WoRsEr-srTnEET.-David Williams, otherwise Daniel Wilson, a respectably-dressed, middle-aged man, by profession a stockbroker, was placed before Mr. D'`Eli-CounT on the following charge of bisamy. The defendant was origin{;y brought up on a warrant by Dixon, the officer of St. Luke's parish, charged with refusing to support his wife and two children, aged respectively three and four years, who had been neglected by him and left chargeable to that phrish. The defendant then declared 'that the woman was not his wife, and hadno claim whatever upon him, whereupon Mr. D'Eyncourt discharged the defendant, observing at the same time that he could be held in custody upon the more serious charge of bigamy if the officer thought proper so to charge him, and Dixon at once enteredthat offence upon the sheet, and the following evidence in support of it was now-taken:- Dixon.-After the rxemardon the other charge I heard the prisoner say in the court-yard he did not wish to give trouble, and that if -I went to St. Andrew's Church, lolborn, I should find he had been married there 20 years ago. I subsequently went to Great Wiuclester-street, and there found the first wife, keeping a large fruiterer's shop, and have now brought her here. I produce the certificate of a marriage at St. Andrew's, on the 16th of January, 1836, of David Williams, bachelor, to Anne Jenkrns, and, on comparing it with the register-book of that parish, find it to correspond. John Jones.-I was present at this marriage, a friend of mine giving away the bride, and the prisoner, for some reason, wanted the clerk to turn me out of the church. William Newberry.-I am. superintendent-registrar, of King-street, Holborn, and produce my book for 1S50. In this case all the proper fdrms were complied wvith, and on the 18th of August in that year I married Daniel Wilson, bachelor, to Sarah lMaishman, widow. I wish to observe that I think these marriages. open to great objection; there is, I may say, no ceremony. I have seen women go away with tears in their eyes at what appeared to them Eo imperfect a ceremony. Persons come to ine and ask me which isthe cheapest way to get married, and I of course tell them " By me." I have the notice at homoe igned by DanielWilson requesting to be married, but I cannot swear to the prisoner as the man. Benjamin Seale.-I was present at this marriage, saw each of the parties sign the register, and I signed it myself as a witness. Sarah MIaishman, the second wife, a woman about 38.- I ani now in St. Luke's workhouse, together witlh my two children, whom Ihave had by the prisoner. On the 18th of August, 1850, 1 was married to hin at the registrar's-office in King-street, Holborn, he giving the name of Daniel Wilson, and I not knowing that he was a maaried man. My br6ther has a fami.ly pew at Shoreditch Chureh, and I first met the prisoner there. After the marriage I beard he had been previously married, bat about two months before two ladles called on me and told me he was already married and that his wife was ill in bed. The person who told me this, I find, was the first wife, who is now here. The ladies told me they wlould give me an opportunitof seeing the wife, while prisoncr was driving her out in hsgig. I told them he was in the habit of doing so with me, and named the colour of the horse, a brown one, which they said was wrong. I made every search for the first wife, hut could hear nothing of her, and on my telling the prisoner what I had heard he denied that she was his wife, and deseribed her as a cook, who had had twvo children by him The prisoner cross-examined the witnesses in a rade anud ahmot insulting manner, and leant over the bar and pushed some of them aside. Mr. D'EvxcouRT.-Behave decently here, Sir, ift you please- all through this investigation you have conducted ourself in a very indecorous manner, thoughi I have not before noticed it. What have you to say to the charge? Prisoner.-I have nothing to say, except that I should lile a witness examined to prove that she knew I was married. Mfr. D`EvacouR.-That evidence you can adduce on the trial, but it can only go in extenuation of punishment. I shal commit you to Newgate for trial. The dep<oitions were then taken by Mr. Phillips, the chief clere, and the prisoner was fully committed for triaL THAaczEs.-A donation of 20s. has been received by ar. Y.AaDixy for the relief of a young woman named Maria Johnson, whose husband deserted her and carried away all her money which she had earned in service, leaving her in a perfectly destituth condition. The poor creature while in a state of frenz, caused by the heartless conduct of her husband. attempted self-destruction, and was remanded by lr. Ingham for a week, with directions that she should be attended to in the infirmary of hitechapel workhouse. The donor, " T. T.," is desirous that the receipt of his mtioney should be acknowledged in hec Timtes. SoVTwARx.-:Five well known smashers and coiners, named William Brown, John Kitchen, George Jackson, Iouisa Wetton, and George Greenwerefinallyexamined before Mr. A!BECxnr', charged with manufacturing alarge quantity of counterfeit money, and having in their possession implements, metal, &c., necessary for making the same. Mr. A'Bw c=rr fully committed all theprisoners for trial a' the next Old Bailey sessions. I}la .-Ehiza ;shton, amaiden lady, who was said to possess some property, and who has for some years exhibited considerable eccentricity of manner, attended before Mr. ELLoTT to answer to a summons charging her with keeping her house in such a state as to be a nuisance and injurious to the public health. Mr. GeorgeWilUman, the inspector of nuisarces ofthe the parish of St. Georgetthe Martyr, deposed that, in consequence of a written complaint from some of the inhabitants which had been forwarded to M artin, a member of the board of guardians, and sent to him by that gentleman, he (Mr. 'Willman), on the 13th inst., visited the premises of the defendant. The house was in a very dilapidated state, the whole of the glass in the windows having been for Some years demolished, and the shutters were in consequence continualy closed. By the aid of a next door n,eighbour he wvas enabled to obtain an entrance into the defendant's house by the backway, and on going along the passage into the back room he perceived the most intolerable stench it wras possible to imagine, andon reaching the back room itself he at once saw the cause. A number of half-starved cats, ik-e so many hungrywolves, came purring towards him, but at the same time kept at a respectful distance from him. Having previously learnt the name of the defendant, he caUed out "Eliza," once or twice, and the defendant made her appearance; he then asked her how many catsshe had got? Shereplied that she had then only 10, hut she used to keep as many as 20. The floors of the back and front parlours and the bedroom of the defendaut were deeply encrusted with the dung of the cats, and the stench was dreAdful. The whole premises were in such a state asto be an intolerable nuisance, and dangerous to public health. He (Mr. Wiman) reported the state of the place to the medical officer of the parish, and also to the aunthorities of the parish, and by direction of the latter he instituted the present Proceedings. MIr. tiiamlRendle, of Bridge-house-place, Newingtoncauseway, medical officer to the parish of St. George-the- in consequence of information conby the last witness, he, on the 13th inst., visited the house of the defendant, and found it in the disgusting state described by hr. Wiman. It was not only a nuisance and injrious to public health, but wholly unfitted for the residence of a human being. On calling out for the defendant, she approached him with a cat under each arm, but he could not learn anything from her. She seemed disinclined to communicate anything to him, and it appeared to him that, in addition to eccentricity, her mind seemed to be affected. he cats, from aTparent want of care or proper feeding, seemed to him (Mr. Rendle) to have a mangy appearance, and, if affected with that disease, it was most improper that their owner should continue to fondle and nurse tnem so. An attorney who attended on behalf of the unfortunate defendant said, his first impression was that the present proceedings had originated with the landlord of the pre- muses, who, he said, had been in the habit of treating his cient with mach harshness, notwithstanding Jshe paid him her rent regularly; but, after hearing the evidence adduced, he was quite ready to admit that a case of nuisance had been made out,which should be remedied as soon as possible. Mr. ELraOTT remarked that humanity towards the unfortunate defendant herself should lead to an immediate ibatement of the nuisance complained of, and he should therefore make an order that it be removed within a week. The unfortunate defendant, who appeared to be 50 years of age, and seemed so imbecile as to payvery little attention to the proceedings, left the court in company with a female riend who had come with her.
lNSTITUTIOZL ASSOCIATION of LANCASHIjE and CH-ESHIBE. The annual meeting of the lancashire and Cheshire Aigo. ciation of Iaterary and Mechanics' Institutions was held on Satu-day afternoon in the library hall of the ?danobesteAthenieum. The Lord Bishop of Manchesterpresided, and, besides alargenumber of delegates from litErary and mecha. 1is institutions and mutual improvement societies connected 'with the association, there were present Mr. James Reywood, 2LP, fr. Thomas Bazley Sfr. Oliver Heywood, dr_lKalcobn Rloss, ir. J. A. Nicho&ls, and other gentlesaex of inuence in the neighbourhood. - Dr. IuDSo-, the chairman of the association and secretry of the Manchester Athenieum, read the- third annual report, which stated that there were now enrolled in this assocition 85 literary and mechanis' institutions and. mutual improvemaent societies. Of this number, 70 possessed ais aggregate of 36,139 members, of whom 15,130 were males and 1,009 females, exclusive of diily scholarsand there were 326,632 voluneg in their libraries. Thera were 6,517 pupils in the evening Classesin conexionwith 56 of these institutions. It was observed that fthere bad been a marked increase in the feraale classes, that thn libraries had not received great accessions during the past year, while the issue of books had somewhat decreased, the attractions of newsrooms having predominated; -that the free itinerating library, although still on a small scale, had been attended with the moEt satsfactory success* and that throughout the district of this -association the system of giving lectures was falling into disuse,, from their want of support, except where they were of the character of academic or clas lectures. The report concluded by expressing the assurance of a -deep-rooted desire for education among the working classes, and a 'determinafion to extend and improve it. TheBishop of hlsca~srsn7, who was received withm uch applause, assured the meeting that when he recollected the very small beginning from which this institutional associaion commenced, and- the very great snccess which, under God's blessing, had attended its laboors, he considered that its promoters were indeed encouraged to persevere in a work hereafter destinedto produce great and most valuable results. (Hear, hear.) -It was amost cheering thing toknow that while none but -ver imperfect or abortive efforts weremade bythe Governnenton behalf of education, yet still there was alarge numberof personsinthesepopulous districts who were determined to procure education for themselves. Ile regretted that there should have been an omission froma the report, which he would take care was speedily supplied, and that was the fact of the presentationof a box of hooks by the humble individual who was now addressing thema {cheers), because he was careful to mark the sincere resoect; he entertaimed for this movement. and to show that any support he could give should not be wanting. The gifts of fortune and of high talent were, indeed, possessed by only a few, butthe gifts of a ciltivated mind, of a refined taste, and of elevated feelings were accessible more or less by all and he trasted the time was not far off when they should be made open to the attainment of every man in this land. and its dependencies. (Applause.) The numbers wbho attended the classes in connexion with these institutions were a subject of much Eincere congratulation. The inode which the central committee of this union had adopted-to give their instruction in a form which,; while inte'lligible b all, moreparticularly reached the young-he alluded io tne introduction of pictorial representations-appeared to him especially deserving of cornmendation and gratitude. (HWear, hear.) This brought him to a point -which he war pxarticularly- desirous of submitting to the corsideration of the meeting. Many years ago there was founded. in London, under circumstances at the time apparently of singular depression, an institution which led to very important results. Its transactions, published annually, contained a number of useful and valuable papers; its premhiums, which were large and liberal, contributed extensively not only to the cultivation of our trade and comrherce, but also especially to the promotfon of the fine arts wmong us. As all institations -would do, this one, after a. certain time, fell somewhat asleep. Within the last few years it had been revived under the happiest auspices, under the presidency of that Royal personage who had on so many occasions comne forward to promote what. ever was good and useful, and to 'whom we were indebted especiallv for the Great Industrial Exhibition of 185L (Applause.) That institution, the Society of Arts, was now endeavouring to excite a spirit among in - stitations like these, in which he must confess, with all respect, he thought thexe was aserious and fatal mistake. It was not many weeks since he was present at two of the meetings of the Saciety of Arts, when there -were read some very interesting papers, one being on the manufacture of glass, by an old friend and punpil of hiis owvn (Mr. Chance), and another on the manfacture of carpets. mnfe heard on those occasions mattrs connected with the practied detail of manufactures discussed lvith a slill, a good humour, mid a degree of kindly feeling on the part of those who mixed in the conversation which cer- ' tainly sent him away both intellectually and morally much better than -when he entered the room. But when that institution undertook to hold examinations in the month of June, and to allure to them young persons from Manches'er and other distant places, under circumstances in wIhich they could afford no adequate guarantee either for the nature of the examination or its adaptation peculiarly to the wants of those who attended,-when, above all, it conld provde no moral guarantee as regarded the superintendence ' of these younngpeople, and no fiscalguarantee as regarded. the expenses thiey wvould incur, he thought it wvas makincg *a mistakre, and eadeavouring to do for the peaple of these districts what, if they were wise, they should be enabled to do mulch better fo: thems-elves. (Elear, hear. ) Be wa thauldul to say that there were' in these districts men in every department of science, art, and literature inferior tonone in England. They had among them mathematiciars as profound, rnechanicians as skilful, men of literature as poinshed, and men of -knowledge as extended, as even the metropolis of England itself contained; and if he were to' ask those who lately undertookto give two guineas to the Society of Artsforthe privilege of sendingtheir youngpeople to Londontobeexamined,togive one guineatoacommitteetoba established by the Institutional Association in Manchester, they might obtain 85 guineas a-year, soon, he would venture to say, to be increased to upwards of 103 guineas, and they might then at least apply a very small sun taken from each candidate for an examination here, entirely to augment the number and value of the prizes. (Hear, hear.) There was another mistake of great importance. It was very well to have a high standard, and a reward for the high qualiacations which the moro successfnl competitors might be expected to display in London, and he had not the slightest objection to leave London that; but let us also endeavour to foster every grade of merit, in everv age, from the youngest to the oldest; and if their trained highest class of competitors chose then to go and win their laurels in London, let them by aU means do so ; but let them place before every child in the limits of their own district who desired to improve himself at a mnechanics' institution ot other association of the kind the nieans of commending himself to his employers, and advance his tnemporal interests by enabling him to show certHifcates of progress and efficiency. (Applause.) le thought it very important, also, that while Prizes for moral character should be avoided, and while there should be an assumption in every institution that its rembers were of good charaeter, and that as being of good character only they were permnitted to remain members, yet that those who awarded prizes for intellectual distinction should be enabled to with:hold theafromthosewho were morallyunworthy. Hevo7ald not have this or any similar institution constitute itself a judge as to the moral qualifications of a candidate; but it should reguire each personto bring attestations of good character which should he satisfactory to the committee of theinstitution. The Society of Arts could have no check of this kind; and, as he believed, also, that in many cases distinctions gained in localities where tile recipients were among their friends and acquaintances -were to be preferred to distinctions which would soon be lost sight of in the absorbing world of the metropolis, he submuitted thi- snbjecb for the consideration of the committee. (Applause.) Rlesolutions were unanimously nasseed approving the report, voting thanks to the officers of the past yearand donors to the association, and appointing the committee for the year ensuing. h . YeALcorx Ross, who generally concurred in the chservations of the chairman, moved the following resolution:-" That it be an instruction to the central committee to consider and report on the possiblity and desirableness cf holding examinations of the students in mechanics' institutions in union with this association in M3anchester, and of giving prizes for different subjects and degrees of rroficiency.' Malr. HUDSON, of Stockport, seconded the motion, -which. was unanimously agreed to. In the course of the proceedings several of the delegates gave encouraging particulars of the progress of the institutions they represented, and a discussion was raised by ,r. Giles, of Manchester, and Dr. Giles, of Cisester, in re-erence to a passage ina the report, these gentlemen and others expressmg the opinion that lectures would be successful where the subjects were well chosen and full justice was done to them by the lecturer. The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanlks to the right rev. chairman.
"-FlCI'S FOR THE TIMBS."-THE BRITISH ITALIAN LEGIOV. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIiiS. Sir,-Tho following facts 'will be very welcome to the public, as indicating a huge stride towards administrative reforn in the War Department:- L. Thelst Regiment of the Italian Legion was organizedt and brought to a state of completion by one of the most able and honourable offlcers in the liedmontese army-a dldajor of 25 years' service. No sooner, however, had he overcome the difficulties of his task than he was snperseded in his command by an ex-Lieutenant of the Guards, a yourg Baronet, who now commands the regiment and the old Major. 2. The 2dRegiment is commanded by a Lieutenant in the Guards, who served between ondon and Windsor for nearly ten years, and who must find it very satisiactory to command Captains each of whom might be his father. : 3. These two regiments are now at Malta uinder the immediate command of pa Lieutenant of the Guards, aged somewhere about 28 years, and holding the local rank of Lieutenant-Colonel and a Staff appointment as AssistantQuarternaster-General. Strange to say, the Italian officers pretend to feel hurt at; being commanded by inexperienced young men, and it is even asserted that a higher class of officers has been de" tered from joining the Legion from some such ridicul0ous feeling. A Brigadier is much wanted fox the command of the Legion. Are there no more Lieutenants in the Guards who understand Generalaip and Italian? Your obedient servant. AN ADMMR OF BRITISH INSTITUTIONS.
THE SOU2YD DUES. trioM A CcoriBESPOMENT.) COPlN,AGE., tAprCic 20. Youi are aw are that the ground upon which the Government of the United States has denounced the treaty of amity and, commerce with Denmark of the 26th of April, 1826, is their unwillingness to surrender to any Power the right of using the ocean as the "highway of commerce," and to acknowledge the right of Denmarl to levy the Sound dues-a right v which the United States have recognized from the moment of their entering into the class of independent nations until 1826, as a not privileged State, and as a privileged. State from that year until the 14th of April, 1855, when they denounced the above-named treaty. Some of the most eminent American statesmen-as Daniel Webster and the celebrated HenryW heaton -formerly acknowledged the right of Denmark to levy the Sound dues, as restingg upon "c immemorial usage,i' and sanctioned by numerous treaties; and t.he best writers on public law-for example, BTrynkershoek and Lord Stowell-consider the lawv of nations .as derived from the usage and practice of mankind. The first time the right of Denmark to levy tolls upon the merchant vessels passing the Sound and the Belts has been denied was in 1843, by the then American Secretary of State, MIr. Upshur, who, in a report to President Tyler, remarked "That Demnark could not demand this toll upon any principle of natural or public law, nor upon any other ground than ancient usage, which finds no justification in the existing state of things. She renders no service for this exaction, and "-this, I presume, is the principal argument-" has not even the claim of power to enforce it." But Mr. Upshur died shortly after, and his successor in office, MIr. Calhoun, the great jurisconsult, entirely abandoned the stand taken by Mr. UpshLur in this question. Now, the new American doctrine of public law might, perhaps, be defended-at least, from an American point of view-if the United States themselves acted up to it in their relations with every other nation. B3ut, if you compare the coturse pursued by the United States' Government in a recent negotiation about the free navigation of the St. Lawrence river Nith that which they have adopted in regard to the Sound dues, you will perceive that thejusfoitiiris is the real principle of American public law. In the negotiation with Great Britain about the free navigation of the St. Lawrence the United States claimled that the stipulations of the Vienna treaties, "by which the navigation of the great European rivers had been made free to all nations, were applicable per analogy to the navigation of the St. Lawrence." In their negotiations -with Demnark about the Sound dues the United States (viz., MIr. Marcy, in his despatch to the American (Charg6 d'&Affaires at Copenhagen, of July 18, 1853) decidedly repudiate the idea of allowing any weight to the treaties of Vienna in regard to the Sound dues question, and does not take any notice of the fact that the Congress of Vienna, although making free the navigation of the great European rivers, left the bjI7tt of Den57narl to lev y tlhe Goiuicd dues entirely untouch7ed. Bsy the 4th article of the reciprocity trea.ty with Great Britain of Jlune 5th, 1854, the UJnited States algreed:-" That the citizens and inhabitants of the hnited States shall have the right to navigate the :dver St. Lawvrence, subject on7ly to the same tolls and other assessments as szow are or rmay hereafter be exacted of HerM ajesty's said su&jects, it bein, uinder:doo '7, ho sere s$ thsat the Britis Governsment retains the i ight of suespewulingy M7is priviilep oat. gh-igil dvsenlotice thzereof to Mte Government of t7te United States." But to Denmark Mr. Marcy talks in a high tone of the " free highway of nations," and refuses to have anything to do with Eiuropean public law and European balance of power. When invited to the conferences about the Sound dues, held at present at Copenhagen, and where Austria, 3,elgium, France, Great Britain, Holland, Oldenbuxrgh, Prussia, Spaiin, Sweden and Nforway, and XRussia are represented, the UJnited States declined taking a part in them, and in alU probability the question will be resolved without their co-operation. In a recent meeting of the conference the Danish Commissary, Mr. Bluhme, submitted a proposal of capitalization of the Sound dues, accordintg to which Denmark should receive 35 millions of Danish rixdollars as indemnity for the abolition of the tolls, on the following conditions:- "(a.) That all the Powers interested in the Baltic trade and navigation participate in the payment, and that it shall be agreed to by the Powers represented in the conferences, Denmark reserving to herself to treat separately with the Powers not represented as to their quota share. " (&) That a sum of 2,335,0SS rixdollars shall be considered as indemnity for the lighthouse dcues, and 32,6G4,912 rixdollars as compensation for duties tupon goods. " (C.) That the payment of the quota share of each of the represented Powvers shall be guaranteed to Denmark in a satisfactory manner." The Danish Commissary further stated thlat the above-named sum was the Tinimmum of indemnity which Denmark had the rightlof claiming. According to this proposal, the share of Great Britain would be abouit 10,000,000 Danish money (orabout 1,200,0001.), the share-of Russia about the same stun, that of Prussia about 4,500,000 Danishrixdollers, that of Sweden and Norway about 2,000,000, that of the Netherlands 1,500,000, that of France 1,250,000, that of Belgium 300,000,000 rixdollars, that of Spain 1,000,000, and so on, in proportion to the yearly average amount of dues each State has paid in later years. You will easily unnderstand that it is of the greatest importance to Denmark that this affair should be regulated before the 14th of June, 1856, the prolonged term of the expiration of the Danish-American treaty of 1826, as after this tixne any extremity of violent measures may be feared on the part of the American Government. The journals of the Union at least speak of seizing upon the Danish West India Islands, especially St. Thomas's, as reprisals against the Danish Government, should it exact the payment of Sound dues byAmenican vessels passingthe Sound after the sxpiration of the treaty of 1826. M any British subjects being settled in those islands, and St. Thomas's being an important Britishpostalandpacketstation, it is to be supposed thatthe British Government would not look with indifference upon such an act of violence on the part of the United States. But still it would be preferable that, the Sound dues question being settled before the abovenamed term, the threatened complication did not arise.
NA YAL A.ND MLITABRY E Sir Charles Wood, BaIt, Ad?.5 First Lord of the Admiralty, and Resr-AdmirrA the Right Hon. Sir Maurice F. F. Berkeley, E.C.B., MP.. Senior Naval Lord of the Admiralty, arcrmPaeUed.0 .y is son and private secretary, Mr. Berkeley, arrived rc PoAsmouth on Monday niglht, and were entertained *at +n ,aodAmiralty-house by Vice-Admuiral Sir George F. S jyiamur, LC.B., G.C.H., where they slept.. Yesterday raoraing, at 10 30, steam was ordered to be got up on b-jard the Admiralty yachts Black Eagle, MasterCon11nmder Petley; Vivid, Master-Commander W. H. AIl'zn, and Fire Queen, Master-ConmuanderF. W. Paul; a2.nd about 11 o'clock the Lords of the Admiralty before named, accompanied by Sir George Seymour, Captain Codrington, C.B., and Captain the Hon. J. R. Drummond, C.B., embarked in the Black Eagle for Spithead. The Vivid and Fire Queen followed, and, as Her Majesty's stcam yachts Fairy and Elfin were going out at the same time to try their machinery, &c., prior to being reported ready for the service of the Courtthe scene presented was a very interesting one. The Vivid had on board lady Codrington, Mr. Berkeley, Commanders Risk, Crofton, and Saumarez, R.N. The Fire Queen had on board Lord de Blaquiere, Sir Willian Jolliffe, M.P., and Sir William Stewart (friends of the Commander-in-Chief, Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour). The Admiralty Squadron steered towards the fleet, on the way to the Motherbank, the flag ship Victory having previously made signal for the Colossus, 81, Captain the Hon. Henry Keppel, C.B., and the gunboat flotilla under his command, to get under way, signal having previously been made from the flagship at Spithead early in the morning for all to get up steam. When their Lordships arrived atthe Mrotherbank, the gunboat squadron (comprising between 20 and 30 four and two-gun steamvessels) weighed in two columns, following the Colossus, and proceeded towards the westward. The gunboats, in addition to their steam, made all sail to keep their allotted stations; in doingthis the fleet-keeled Vivid acted as a sort of whipper-in, being ever and anon sent by the Admiralty ahead to order such and such a boat to get up and keep her station. When off Osborne Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour and friends rcturned in the Fire Queen to harbour, and landed at 3 o'clock. The Black Eagle, vith the Lords of the Addmiralty on board, proceeded with the flotiUla for Portland, where they wil muster and manceuvre them, and not return before Thursday. The wholeforcepassed overthe "Bridge" (offthe Needles) at about 2 o'clock, at which spot the Vivid left them, making all speed towards Portland intwo lines, one on each quarter of the Colossus, and each keeping position as well as it coTld according to the seniority of the respective commanders. The Admiralty members were to sleep on board the Black Eagle last evening and resume their manceuvring of the squadron this morning in Portland Roads. The Vivid returned to Portsmoutl harbour at half-past 4 to land her visitors and to recoal, and will proceed to Portland this morning with Admiralty despatches. So extensive a movement in connexion with the fleet at Spithead, combined with the beauty and clearness of the weather, caused quite a commotion at Portsmouth and Ryde. Her Majesty and the Court arc expected to revisit Osborne on or about the 10th proximo, when the salute by the fleet w,ill be a very interesting feature should the weather prove as favourable for a spectacle as yesterday. When the gunboats are completed and commissioned we believe they will be formed into a coast blockade, should the war be ended and their services not required -with the fleet. The last coast blockade was abolished by Sir James Graham when he was First Lord of the Ad.miralty about 1831. The Wanderer, 6, new screw despatch gunvessel, Cominander Luce, went out of harbour and joined the flotila at the Motherbank yesterday, and accompanied it to Portland. The steam sloop Geyser, Commander Tower, went out of Portsmouth harbour yesterday, and sailed for the westward. The Glatton, 14, steam battery, Captain Cumming, was docked yesterday for refit. The Algiers, 91, Captain Codrington, C.B., was undocked yesterday at Portsmouth after refit. The screw steamer Andes, of the Cunard line, has arrived at Liverpool from Portsmouth, where she landed invalids from the seat of war. She is still retained by Government as a transport, under orders to be prepared for sea when required. The steamship Alps is also in port, waiting Government orders. Yesterday Mr. John Laird launched from his Liverpool shipbuilding yards two iron mortar boats. To-day he will launch two more, one from Liverpool and the other from Birkenhead. The following instructions have been issued from the Admiralty relative to the regulations to be observed in the gunboat flotilla. It is the direction of the Commander-inChief that the following arrangements be attended to:- " The gunboat flotilla has been divided into three large sqdrons,-Red squadron, under Captain Codrington, C.B. 'hte squadron, under the Hon. Captain Keppel, C.B. Blue squadron, under Captain Yelverton, C.B.; and the left squadrorn under Captain Key, C.B. The gunboats are to be painted b!ack on the outside, the funnels and mastheads above the rigging to be painted as follows :-Red squadron, red; blue squadron, blue; white, white; gliht, black and two white rings. The red, white, and blue squ-ad rons will carry ensigns according to the colour of squadron. The liglt squadron will carry a blue ensign. The three large squadrons have been divided into four subdivisions, and will be distinguished by vanes at themain as follows:Ist subdivision, two colours perpendicular ; 2d, two colours horizontal; 3d s-ubdivision, colours as 1st subdivision, with ball on two bars; 4th subdivision as 2d subdivision, with baU on three bars. The light division, divided into two or more subdivisions, will be distinguished by vanes at the fore. 1st subdivision, same as great division; 2d subdivision, sam, as great division. When a ball is hoisted with a signal, it is to be considered as addressed esclusively to gunboats. If a divisional flag is hoisted with the ball, the signal is to that particular division of gunuboats. WVhen gunboats of different divisions have the same pendant, the divisional flag will be hoisted with the pendant, to denote the particular gunboat intended. The dvisional flags for the gunboats are as follows:-Red squadron, Q; blue squadron, RI; white, P; Eght, S." The large new lunatic asylum for insane soldiers, in course of erection at Fort Pitt, Chatham, for the use of soldiers arriving from foreign stations, is nearly completed, and will shortly be ready for the reception of this class of patients. The asylum forms a most desirable building for such a purpose; it is situate within the ramparts which surround Fort Pitt, and is in a fine open situation, commanding a I eautiful prospect in every direction. A large corridor extends the whole length of the building, which is intended for the use of the patients, -who will thus be enabled to take open air exercise daily, regardless of the weather. The ramparts form a barrier to the rear of the asylum, and in the front is a tastefully-arranged garden, railed off, in which the insane men wil be allowed to walk, and from which they will be able to see and converse with their convalescent comrades. The internal arrangements provide accommodation for a large number of patients, and the various wards are admirably adapted for the use they are intended. Captain George Goldsmith, the newly-appointed Captain Superintendent at Chatham dockyard, formerly in commaud of the Sidon, on the Mediterranean station, has arrived at Chatham and taken up his command at the doclkyard, succeeding Rear-Admiral Wyvill, who has been promoted. The Surprise gunboat, Commander Harcourt Vernon, has arrived at Chatham from the Thames, to be fitted for sea, and is to brouglit for-ward with all despatch. The launch of the Etna, 16, floating battery, now nearly completed, at Chatham dockyard, will, it is understood,. take place on the 3d of April. The screw transport Eagle, No. 171, Captain Maclean, having discharged her cargo of condemned stores from the East, was on Monday evening paid out of the transport service, and her number canceled. She will be docked for examination. The gunboat Fervent was yesterdaymorning ordered from her moorings off Woolwich Arsenal, and steamed down to Greenhithe to try her machinery at the measured mile. She is immediately to be swung for adjustment of compasses, and wiiU proceed promptly to Portsmouth. The ambulance waggon, the compartments of which were minutely inspected by Her Majesty on her late visit to Woolwiclh, has been forwarded to the contractors to that department, -with an order for the execution of a considerable number precisely similar to the model. The Glyrne, the Trader, the Henry, and the Overy packet with a number of smaller craft and barges, are lying alongside the Arsenal WIharf, Woolwich, with shot and shell from the provincial contractors. The East Anglian Government transport, No. 162, partly laden with shot and shell, from Portsmouth, is shipping guns from Woolwich for the Tower. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty Lieutenant C. 0. B. Hal, to the Royal Wiliam ; Lieutenant C. F. Palmer, to the Confict; P. W. Rea, Master, to the Vigilant; Thomas C. Tilly, Second Master to the Alaclity; William Pearse, Second Master to the Surprise E. P. Bedwell, Second Master to the Assurance; E. J. Maitland, Second Master to the Osprey; P. C. Johnston, Naval Cadet to the Orion; W. C. Karslake, Naval Cadet to the Sanspareil; R. F. Hammiek, Naval Cadet to the Caleutta, and H. C. Wallis and E. Seale, Naval Cadets to the Centurion. THE Mrssr;'G S ,TEAasn PACIFIC.-WVe arc re- quested to state that the name of one of thevesseladespatched by the EBsard of Admiralty in search of thwFaeific is thg Tartar, not thie Tas-taru&
HIdE COURT OF ADMIRALTY. The following are the " New Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the High Court of Admiralty in regard to Instance Proceedings":- "6 Whereas by the act of the 3d and 4th of Victoria, chap. 60, entitled ' An Act to improve the Practice and extend the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England,' it is among other things enacted, ' that it shall be lawful for the Judge of the said High Court of Admiralty from time to time to make such rules, orders, and regulations respecting the practice and mode of proceedings of the said court, and the conduct and duties of the officels and practitioners therein, as to him shal seem fit, and fiom time to time to repeal or alter such rules, orders, or regulations, provided always that no such rules orders, or regulations shall be of any force or effect until tile same shall have been approved by Her Majesty in Council ' " Now I, Stephen Lushington, Doctor of Laws, Judge of the High Court of Addmiralty of England, in virtue of the power and authority given to me by the said act, do make the following rules, orders, and regulations respecting the practice and mode of proceeding of the said court, and the conduct and duties of the officers and practitioners therein, in order that the same may be submitted for the approval of Her Majesty in Council:- " L All office copies and other copies of pleadings, proceedings, affidavits, depositions, exhibits, and other documents in the Eigh Court of Admiralty shaU be counted and eharged for at and after the rate of 72 words per folio - and every nuweral, whether contained in columns or otherwise written, shall be counted and charged for as a word. IL In all cases of damage, unless the judge shaU bh pleased otherwvise to direct, each party, or his proctor, shall, before the libel or act on petition is given in, bring into and deposit in court a sealed packet, containing a statement of the following particulars:- " 1. The names of the two vessels which came into collision, and the names of their respective masters. "2. The time of the collision, as nearly as can be stated. "3. The place of the collision. "4. The direction of the wind at the time. "5. The state of the weather. "6. T'he courses of the respective vessels on faist sighting each other. " 7. The distance at which the other vessel was first seen. " S. The courses which each vessel thereupon adopted to avoid tle collision. " 9. The parts of each vessel -which first came in contact. " And suchpackets shall remain in the registry sealedup, iand shall not be opened, save with the pemission of the judge, until the proofs in the cause are hrought in or the whole of the pleading and examrinations are concluded, and such statements shall he called the ' preliminary acts.' " IIL In proceedings by plea and proof in the said court, no witness shall be examined on any plea until after the pleadings in the cause have been cone sded, except with the permission of the Court and upon good cause shown. " IV. It shill not be necessary to repeat to a witness his deposition either in chief or on interrogatories, but the registrar or examiner who shall have taken the evidence shall certify, at the foot of the deposition, that the same has been read over audibly and distinctly to the writness, and that the witness has acknowledged the same to be true. " V. If the witness refuse to sign his deposition, the regstrar, or examiner, as the case may be, shaU certify at the foot of the deposition that the witness has so refused, and that the deposition is in accordance with the evidence given by such witness, and the deposition of such witness may thereupon be read and referred to at the hearing of the cause. "VI. In proceedings by plea and proof the proctors or their substitutes may, unless the judge shall order to the contrary, be present at the examination of the witnesses both in chief and upon interrogatories, but the evidence shal be taken down in writing as at uresent by the registrar or an examiner of the court. The -witnesses may be crossexamined upon interrogatories, either prepared beforehand, or framed and put in writing at the time of the examination, and after cross-examination they may in the same manner be re-examined also upon written interrogatories; but the questions shal in all cases be put and the interroga- - tories be administered by the registrar or examiner. " VII. No party in a cause, except by special leave of the judge, shall be allowed to be present at such examination unless he slhall be conducting the proceedings in person; and no party, proctor, or substitute shall be permitted to take any part in such examination, cross-examination, or reexamination, or in any manner to interfere with, or object to the conduct or proceedings of the registrar or examiner therein, except so far as designing the witness to the several articles of the pleas, and tendering written interrogatories to the registrar or examiner for the purpose of their being administered to the witnesses. " VIIL It shall be competent to the said judge to direct the evidence of the witnesses to be taken down by a shorthand writer or reporter appointed by the Court, who shaU bepreviouslyswons faithfully to report the evidence as Estated to him by theregistrar or examniner; and a transcript of the shorthaand writer's or reporter's notes certified byhim to he correct, shall be admitted to ProVe the oral evidence of the witnesses, and he taken and used as evidence in the cause. "IX. The registrar may, if he shall think fit, in any reference made to him, either alone or with the merchants, allow witnesses to be produced before him for examination after they shall have been duly svorn to speak the truth, according to the mode and practice prevailing in the said court; and the evdence shall, if either party in the cause shall require it, be taken dow-n by a shorthand writer or reporter appointed by the Court, who shall be previously svworn faithfully to report the evidence as stated to him by the registrar; and a transcript of the shorthand writer's or reporter's notes, certified by hin to be correct, shall he admitted to prove the oral evidence of the witnesses, and be taken and used as evidence in an objection to the registrar's report on such reference. "X. The pleadings and proofs shall, in all contested suits, unless thej udge shall order to the contrary, be printed prior to the hearing thereof, and such printing shall be in such manner and form and under such regulations in regard to the cost and mode of printing the same as the judge of the said court may from time to time direct. "XI. These rules, orders, and regulations shall, if previously approved by Her Majesty in Coiincil, come into operation on the 1st day of January, 1856. "Witness my hand this 1st day of December, 1855. "STEPrasx LussnEGTox." "ORDER I COlUNCILs COXFIR3IING CERTALN RULES, ORDERS, AND REGULATIONS FOR THE HIGH COURT OF AD-IrRALTY Di REGARD TO LNSTA£NCE PROCEED- INGS:- " At the Court at Windsor, the 7th day of December, 1855 -present, the Queen's Mlost Excellent Majesty in Council; Whereas the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, nnder the provisions of an act passed in the session of Parliament held in the third and fourth years of Her Majesty's reign, entitled 'An tct to iniprove the Practice and extend the Jmuisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England,' made and submitted to HerMajestyin Council certain rules, orders, and regulations respecting the practice and niode of proceeding in the said court, and the conduct and duties of the officers and practitioners therein in regard to instance proceedings; now, therefore, Her Majesty, having taken the said rules, orders, and regulations into consideration, is pleased, by and with the advice of her Privy Council, to approve and confirm the same, and the said rules, orders, andregulations (a copy whereof is hereunto annexed) are hereby approved and confirmed accordingly. "WXYhereof the judge, the registrar, and other officers of the said court, and al others whom it may concern, are to take notice and govern themselves accordingly. " C. C. GREYILLE."J "'DiRECeONS LN REGARD TO PRIYTInG TIlE PROCEED. INGS IN INSTANCE CAUSES. "Whereas, by Her Majesty's order in Council, bearing date the 7tlh day of December, 1855, confirming certain rules, orders, and regulations for the High Cou-t of Admiralty in regard to instance proceedings, it is, among other things, ordered ' that the pleadings and proofs shall in all contested suits, unless the judge shall order to the contrary, be prited prior to the hearing thereof, and such printing shall he in such manner and form and under such regulations in regard to the cost and mode of printing the same as the judge of the said court may from time to time direct.' " Now, I, Stephen Lushington, Doctor of Laws, Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, do, in virtue of the powers thereby conferred upon me, direct that- "I L Proceedings to be printed in cases concluded after the Ist of January, 1856.-It shall not be necessary to print the proceedings in any case in which the pleadings have been concluded prior to the Ist day of January, 1856; but in all cases in wlhich the pleadings are concluded after that day the whole of the proceedings shall, muless the judge shal order to the contrary, be printed prior to the hearing, in accordance with the directions hereinafter given. "2. Plaintiff to print.-The printing shall, unless the Judge shal order to the contrary, be done at the expense of the plntiff and under his directions or those of his proctor. "3. Plaintiff to be assigned to bring in printed copies.- In an act on petition cause, at the time of the proofs being brought in, and in a plea and proof cause, when both proc- tors declare that they have no further witnessese to produce, the plaintiff or his proctor shall be assigned, within the periods hereinafter mentioned, to bringinto court, and at the same time to deliver to the defendant or his proctor, printed copies of the whole proceedings in the cause. " 4. Defendant to deliver copy of his pleadings and proofs tothe plaintiff. -To enable the plaintiff to comply with such assignation, the defendant or his proctor shall, in an act on petition cause, at the time of bringing in the proofs, and in a p len and proof cause, within a week after both proctors shall have declared that they have no further witnesses to produce, delivera correct and examined copy of his pleadingsandproofs to the plaintiff or his proctor, who shall fohwithaivange the whole of the proceedings and take immediate steps to have the same printed. "5. Plaintiff to deliver proof within three days.-Within three days from the time of the copies of the defendant's pleadings and proofs being delivered to the plaintiff or his proctor, thle latter shall leave with the defendant or his proctor a printed proof of the whole proceedings, with a view to tho correction of the press. " 6. Defendant to return proof corrected within two days.-And if the defendant or his proctor shall not within two days from such time return to the plaintiff or his proctor the printed proof with the necessary corTections made therein, the plaintiff shall proceed to have the required number of copies struck off from his own corrected proof to enable hna to comiply vwith the assignation previously made upon him by the Court. " 7. Time allowed for bringing in printed papers.-In all ordinary cases, where the proceedings do not exceed ten printed sheets, the time within which the printed copies of the pap&rs shall be brought in shall be, inan act on petition cause, 'within a week from the tiie of the proofs being brought in ; and, in a plea and proof cause, within 14 days after both proctors shall have declared that they have no further witnesses to produce - provided, nevergheless, that the Court may, whenever it stall see fit, allow £S-ther time for the purpose. "8. If printed copies not brought in Court-may dismiss the caulse with eosts.-In case the plaintiff, or his rproctor;, shall neglect or refurse to comIply with the s-ssignati6n4 the Q~'-t eltiv tobrngig nAs sijierig t 4w .shroaew proctor, within the required timc, printed copies of the proceedings, the Court may, if it shall think fit, dismiss the cause vith costs. " 9. Style of printing.-With a view to insure uniformityin style, all cases shall be printed in pica type, with leads between the lines (4 to a pica thick), and the page shall be 40 ems wide, exclusive of marginal notes (if any), and 78 ems pica long. " 10. Charge for the samne.-The charge to be allowed on taxation for each sheet of four pages shall be,-If 50 copies are printed, 38s. per sheet; if 100, 40s. pr sheet ; if 150, 42s. persheet; if 200, 44s. per sheet; if 250, 46s. persheetto include inside marginal figures to every 10th line; butno marginal notes will be allowecd for. "11. Extra fortable-work.-Fortable-work anextraallowance shall be made as follows:-If in pica type, 5s. per page; small pica, 7s. per page; long prisiier, los. Gd. per page ; hut, in all cases where pica or small Pica can be used for table -work, a smaller type shall not be allowed for on taxation. "129. Chargeo to include everything.-The paper on wThich the proceedings are printed shall be fine demy, w;eighing not less than24lb. per ream, andthepricesmentioned above shall include all charges for printing, paper, folding and stitching.; and if a wrapper be required it shall be charged for as hal "13, No allowvance to be made for corrections.-As proctors will be allowed 2d. per folio for exaamining the copies for the printer, no charge will be allowed on taxation for corrections. Whe prices given above will include the correction of all errors of type arising with the printer; and if any errors occur in the copies furnished to the printer the expense of correcting them must be borne by the party with vhom the same originated. "14. Nuwiber of copies ordinarily required.-The number of copies of the printed papers ordinarily required, -where there are but two parties to the suit, will be 150;viz., 50 for the Admiralty Court, of wvhich 10 shall be brought into the registry, and 20 delivered to the defendant or his proctor, and 100 additional for the Court of Appeal, w hich the plaintiffor his proctor shall be bound to deliver in all cases of appeal free of all expense; and of which 60 shall be brought into the appeal registry and 20 delivered to the defendant or his proctor, and consequently the charge to be ordinarily allow. ed on taxation wll be 42s. per sheet, with extra for table-vwork. "15. Larger number of copies may sometimes be allowed. -Where there are more than two parties to asuit a proportionably larger number of copies shall be printed as well for the Admiralty Court as for the Court of Appeal, and a proportionally higher charme vill then be allowed on taxation, according to the scale oi charges set forth inTaragraph 10. a" 16. P'roctors may employ any printer.-Proctors vill be at liberty to employ any printer w uom they may select, but in case the printing should not be done exactly in the form and manner above prescribed, either they shall be bound to reprint the whole proceedings, or else they shall not be allowed on taxation any sum whatever for the printing. "Dated th 31st of. LUSBINGTOXI, Judge. Dated the 31st of December, 1855. " N.B. Messrs. Eyre and Spottiswoode, of East Hardingstreet; Messrs. Clowes and Co., of Duke-street, Stamfordstreet, Blackfriars; and Messrs. Waterlow, of Birchinlane, city, are willing to print the proceedings within the times prescribed and at the prices stated above as those -which will be allowed on taxation."
W EDDING ORDERS and IN')IA'OUTFITS iyeecuted in the first style of fashoion at Mrs. HAGGE1I'slvadee' read-mad linn bay lien ad juenie outfitting warehouse, 66, Edgwae-rad I~B.Prite litsforaredpost free oaplcation. 1~'OUNED ASPR ad CINTZ BAREGES, .L~i G. G. te rbe fluncd oganiemuslims lOs Gd. - has-dee deline, Is. 1-A IINGs, 43,Regnt-tret. !iQtt~Ernssenpost MUSLINS of the PAST SEASON~.-The whole of Al the STOCK of the FRENCHE MUSLIN COMPANY to be CLEARED OUT. at ridiculous prices for such goods. Patterns5 free. -16. Oxford-street. 'NI ODEEDCHRISTIAN NAMES.- E l ~IBR HANDRERCH M,with Christaian names embrolceredi by the nuns of Pau, with the new dietetch needfle. Price Is. Id., I y post for 1II staimps.-JAME~S IIEID, 16, Oxford-stceet. ILKS.Cashwillbe paid on delivery for SILKS, Satns Vevee, ac, Saws,Gloves, Ribands, Hose, ko. Manuecuesaerequeste tsedamlsor patterns and Prices for minme. cliato cash to JOHN HAVY O,acnd Co., 9. Ludgate-hill, F OURLDIS-h new fashionable SPERING MANTLES, of the Napoleon gray and other coloured cloths, richly trimmed, at half-a-guinea6each; also. Jackets, for the house or promenade, at the same moderate cbasrge.-The Warwickc House Company, 142 and 144, Regent-street, and 29. 30, and 31, Warwick-street. IJTUSLINS.-A large lot of last year's FRENCH ,LJ. PRINTED MIUSLIN6 and BAREGES, at lem than halmfprice, comarner.chng at 4A1d. per yard. Pattern sent post free.-B KRand CRISP, 221, Regenit-street, London, N.B. The cheapest Swiss cambries in the kingdom. T RS.-19, rue des Lions,St Paul. Mcaison des -Itux Filtr6es.-Messrs. CHrAJiSO and BILLAULT, successors to ?,r. Gauchet, beg to inorm tei nueoscustomers that thehaveatpresent amost extensive STC oftebs choice SILK and other MATERIIALS for furinitrs ancin tapestry, and Sil curtains for drawing room. ILK S for the MILLION.-A. STOCK a 7osting SJto,43,439, athalf-price. Rich glac silks,the widwit,nalth new colouirs, l9e, Gd the dress. Stripes amd chocks,Lis.d.ture. A large lot of handsomie brocades new rich ~oods and iewdh at lowv Prices. Now SELLING OFF, at HOOPIdI and C.s 2 xod street. ~ law SPING SILK , from 1 5s. G3d. the full dres ;renhcsbri, fom s, id,ditto; Swiss muslin, from 7s.d. ito; ealVeencenns ace frps3.1d. per yacd. Patterns sen fre t an pat,-hIIEan Co, 12,Regent-street. Abeautifolassrtmnt f nvetie fo Li spingisnow prepared in every de- 1N-.,OUNCED SILK DRESSES h cheapest and largest stock in London; also seealhnde rich andfashionable long -a-oven shawls, at2l and 31 guineas. never before sold under £5 and £7, are now on view at HARIVEY, NICHOLS, and Co.'s, Knightsbridge. 1%IBMROIDERY - Mrs. WICO CKSON', 44, Ea2Goodge-street, Tottenhanm-court-road, has just received from P-aris a large quantity of beautiful DESIGNS, which are now traced ona superior jacconot and nainsook muslin, and wil be sent free on receipt of stamps to the amnount; collars, plain or guipure, five stamps; colisrettes. six; sleeves, 14; gauntlete, live; babit-tirs seBven; hand. kerchiefs, If; children's frocks, capes&, I. Ss. each. I NDIA SHLAWLS.-FARMNER and ROGERS re. -Lspectfully annaounce that their e-xtensive establilehment contains the largest and most magnificent collection in England ; comprisinig all tha latest designs in Cachmnere. gold Delhi, Benares, DeccaL, and Labiore shawls and scarfs, the most ecomnoical and the must costly. All goods mark-ed in plai figures. India shawvls bought and exchanged. The great Shawl and Cloak Ernporium. 171, 173, and 175, Regent-street. ,LING OFF.-Elegant AIUSLINS, part of the sokof Messrs. Gros Odier Reman and Cie., French maanufacturrs,wel knwn o b th chicet godsimported, bought at just hal prceforths sasn; ils sme f esss.Hartinan and lils, fi Pari, re d Sclie, No 12 oflas rer'sexhibitioni; with the lareststck f te ostbeatiul ritshmusins maunufacturedSELINGOFF at2s.Uld th drss f eghtyards. or any length ensat .3. te ard-HOFE ad C.,musinmerchants andmianu- hAESSRS. WILLIAMIS and o beg resspectfully to ILrecommend to the notice of the nobility andI their custonmcr a large STOCK of FRENCH SILKS and IIAItEGE ROBES, to) be disposed of by them oni Monday next, and following days.' Also an unusual collection of novelties in Couirt trains, flounced silks, chifi ilk, mireantque, mctis, haws,bar~ges, muslims, and meslin desni. wll lsobe oun wothyofLotice, these being sol inconehin wth he bev stck t vrymoderate prices. Ladis i th contr ma hav paters sut~butas the silk stock rangs fom ne uina t 30guinas he res, tey illensure a beter ssotmet b decriingprie ad clou. Pteneesof the Roya Tisue o Vere.Wiliamsand o.,CommrceHouse, 60, 61, "JlS. BRARHAI'S _NEW SPRING BO.NNTETS : A136, Oxford-street. They ens-pans all others for style, comfort in fitting, and economy in price. Orders by post promptly executed. jj-ASHIOXABLE PARISIAN BONNETS, in the JL' beat taste, by first-rate artistes, and of the best and nerest mnaterials. Eaxcel-lence with economy. Spring bennets, at 21a., gimS ditto, 16o. rd.;mrourning ditto, 14s. 6d. - bride's ditto, 21 is- h-ides. moid's ditto, 12s. Gd. A great variety on 7view atJ. and B, SMFITH show rooms, 151 een-street. opposite Beak-street, inventors and patentees of the (~spiatoZo foldigl bnnet,which packsinaboxtwo inches deep, and can also b had a the above pricee Instructilons for self-measurement sent post free. A RTIFICIAL FLOWVERS in WRE ATHS, Dress L7LTrimmings, and Head Dresses, of evey description,forlmornhin, dinner,-or eveining -wear, in extensive an ecoc variety, at G. W. JONES's, 101, Oxford-street. Country ordlers promptly atteaded to. CIORSETS PLY,aS QudCES combinereae, egnre,- anrcn my,wt an cotguaranted hats-Randot domes Acaddmre~ inedili d'o do i'Acdlm nateson aperovagclture ,o day Commerce, Dhepot ofn tevidncofventr,city, arerinn-te, St.lJmes,'s. oh Agsetint, of vors EnaBBeY, allusrtd popCa r,picstle,ad o erf-from ure- toryt Pperiory, vicanye landy pasrsonAge-fomumnsey andeset g aragfrom palaes and pas rk ls,dand otaes,Mro and halls,a dhme oftevtery, cls trugstrethelu.nts --appoanre fo.a t a c tOnfoftetrd e qualpoity, Paccracl fft n omoto h EI LIET OUSE OLDand CO AALETII 1:DC Theenotes thei roneidce)-ofeveracintyclaresi volums, Sopen atoteiscin ment papmers, no,,t n ayot freed.nilgod senl tomi ord rderasntcr fullyapproved of. Lr.e few prices are here quoted,patt-erns of which can be had :-Ano immense stock. of table linen of every description; rich double damask cloths, five yards long. 2lIs.; large dinner napkins, Ss. Gd. to 21 s. per doz; fish napkins 2s. 91 to 5s per doz. breakfast,.Ss. 6d. tol1O.Per doz. and tray cloths from 12s.6d. to 30s. per doz. Magnificent designs in the richest Irish and Glerman damaskcloths from 1 to 10 guineas each, with napkins and side-clotlis to match; slant linen sheeting for servants' use from Gs. to 10s. 9id. per pair; good Is-isis sheeting from If's. to lSs. per pair; the finest golden flax ditto, from one to four yards wide, suitable for the use of the nobility. Irish lin-en shirtings, gaaes-bleached, of equal warp and weft, a goodl quality, 26 yards for 25e,; superior, 26 yards for 35%.; extremely fine and durable, 216 yadrds for 42s. ; long cloths and calico eheetin~gs, real Welsh and German flannels, toilet quilts, blankets, all kinds of glass-cloths, tea-cloths, cooks' rubbers, towielling, nursery diapers, do., and every description of manufactures in great abundance suitable for kousehold and domestiopurposes. Catalogues and smples post free. Country ordersabeve £5 esarriage free. References as to the durability of linen sold by the Company ar kindly ~entted from mrany of the first families in the kIngdom if required.-toa Linen Company, 105. fleet-street orner of Farringdoni and Fleet streets, foot of Ludgate-hilL S HIIRTS and COLLARS.-J. B. KILLICK and KDCo.'s SHIRTS, made from Horrockses' long cloths, withinen fronts, Ia., six for 42s., fit and work guaranteed. Inventors of she Piccadilly shirt collar, 11s. Gd. per dozen.-7, Ludgatte-hill, filREANCH SHIRTS.-Self-measurement Impossible. 12 -J.TBRIE and Co., 43. Conduit street. Rteqent-street. The only Ps-ire Medal awardedfor shirts at t-he Great Exhibition, ROWN' ENKA SHIRTSa-re -the best and Bs i x~~~~~~~~~~uliy L for40s.;se couqnalt., sx or s. d.;eaoused hirs,made fromnthe new regis. sel-menueentsen, pst ree onappicaion-ThmaaBrown, 194, T2O FREE1ATASONS.-For SHIRTS, perfect in fit. nedlework-, and material, app,ly at' the LODGE. in the Strand~ Noes. 15 and 16. Plrices, six for IUs.. 33s., 16s., or 42s. Dress shirts, coloured flannel slhirts, coloured beating shirts, do., in every variety. Obsere.-lSand 16, Strand. opposite theGolden Cross. Hotel, Nobuniness counexion with any ot-her " Lodge"l in the kingdom, HOLIDAYS.-YOUNG GENTLE- EAMTT"LOTHING. The best value obtainable, at T. MILlS and Co.'s. 1 andI,~ Aldpate, and 82, Lombard-street. THE GUI-NEA WADDED LOUNGING -ROBE TandDlRESSING GOWN,\ for gentlemen and invalids; also printed Flannel Itohos- At RUTLA'.NI's hosiery and shirt esablishmnent, 145, Oxford-street. 'WATHAT INEXT, and NEXT 7-INIACHINE-M1ADE TVCLOTHING, for gentlemen andputh, in every size.design, and quality, flixed Prices. Cash terme-T. MILLS and COD., I and 1, Aidlgate; branh, 82, Lombard-street. TjH.E CLERICAL COAT, psrice 35s. ; black dooskin I"trousers, 2is. ; specially dyed for clerical use, much -approvedFRLANK SMITH and Co.'s ecclesiasticalwarssrGoms, 13, Southamiptonstreet, Strand. An ilUastrated catalogue of church furniture on receipt of four postage stamps. D ODOUD =a lKEREP sa!15?l nmasters and servants, Footman'si suit, boat quality, ;93 3s.: grooms sugit, £3 lIN. Iatronizaed by the Queen and Plrinco Albert.-Doudney's, 17, Old Bond-street; 25, Burlington-arcade ;and 49, Lombard-street. Established 1754. rTjUHE FORTY-SEVENJ SHILLING SUITS mnade to _Lorder from Scotch heather and Cheviot tweeds, all wool, and thoroughly shrunk, by3. BENJAMIN, maerchant tailor, 74, Regentstreet. The Peiloer over-coats, 21a. and2ls,,adaptedfor theseon tha two-guinea frock ,ordresscoats;tshe guinea drsstrousers, and th half-guinea waistcoats. N.B. A.Perfectitt guarant-eed. FACHINEMAIADE CLOTHING.-HEYATN and tio for,86 Oxford-street. have consummaated an important invenhand isaccmplshe in he uneof ne.Even and all hut invisible sea, lne-lk reulait ofstich soidiy,and beauty, are at once conpicous Searae wrksopsarefitedup on the :premises, and theextaorinry heanes o th atices ayBe judgen of from the folioiagqutstios:-Ne overoats nd caes,IGS.6d. to 42gs . walk- J Ij . ILES anad the 16s. TROUSEIRS.-The Wtrousers orignated by him are patent to the world for their elasticity, durability, and superior cut.-62, New Bond-street-no, other address. W OFand Co.'s TROUSER ALLIANCE, reTY6ers,ad 7Vic., 0.65, anentirelynew anduoseful invention, whichsupersedes the use oftheunco)mfortehbiobrace.- It isfistedin the inGteriotrffte wratst-coat,a'n'd'actsa-s a suspenmd-er to the t'ro-users,-re-tai-ns the waistcoat in its rooper position, and is found invaluable forxriding. Praice ol trousers and waistcoat, fitted with the alliance, 2Oe. A mode of self-measurement sent, Post free, on application, from Woolf and Co.'s outfitting- warehouse, 59. Piocadilly, opposite St. Jamness-street. TflHE SYDENHAIA TROUSERS and Xessrm enalesSamel,brohes, o ue te txtueswhich t-hey exclusively emply, ad hatsat thy hve ecued.Quality and low price (real Samel Brthrs.2t~ Ldgte-il. Pttrns t.,post free FRHUNTING and RIDING.-TROUSERS Fanpd PATENT BELT-BAND SPRING DRAWERS, upon an jinsproved principle, which renders them extremely pleasant, with or githout braces or straps. The drawers for supporting the loins anid abdomen in ridcing or other exerciss, prev-enting ropur, checking corpulency. andI sunersediug the common belt. Made only by the inventor, S. K. SAILAMAX. breechesmak-er and tailor, 19, Charingcrss. Army and navy outfits. ATTWATER and Co.'s brilliant BLACKING ; un- equaled for retaining its jet lustre, and preseeiing~ andsoftening the leather;, likewiso the highly-esteemted inodorous Furniture Paste and Mletal Sc_ourers of De La rosse et Cie. Retailed throughout the kidngdoma. Wholesale, Altt-nes-and Co., 28, Swinton-st., Gray's-inn-rd O FFICE FURITURE.-Thelargest stock, and cheaest ousein Lndonis a PRIST'I eand 2. Tutdur-street, Bride-sreet Blcisftar, whre aybehadevery article requisite for eheoffce,coutin-hose,boadrom, nd hamec; new andsecondbardiro dom, sfes an boocass. lsoan immense stock of first- ILLISTATh PRCEDCATALOGJE of CAMPand .51IN FThNTURE ofthe best make and newest 1~fRIG LINErs MADE EASy.-Tha pen Superseded.-The most eaay mariglinen, silk, cotton, coarse iormauent, and best method of the ik hittin ortepc,rbility ofitswah2 kj5 t'oa,stoplrevent PATNT LE(ItoSILKRPLATES. !,~tawsth UULETONs' Patonied y te QeenandtheRoyl y i n cmS use them.s genty, ad mst o thehatlkeeersthroughoo ,O nobility and Iniia pat, I.;nae lae, ts; etofnumbers 2tbo kingdom. WATCHOAIER adGOLTDSMIMTH- 7 StruaundCoventry.street).-Elegant GOLD WATCH,JIEwele in four boles. horizontal uiovement, £3 IOs.; goldilever and duple~_ watches highly finished, fronm 12 gainea to 35 guineas; silver-watches. jewelled in four holes, miamtaining power ribl yeugraved cases ud dials, £C2 5s. silver lever watces, from £3 1l5, to lOguineas. Fine Gold Chabis.comnmencingat £M10s. each. T~~)ATENT GOLD ~LEVtERS o nly £41PA ah n .I.arrnte.-D ERand KIBHBI are SLIGO i e mandr f her areSTOCKof GOLD WATCF tteaoein mensly edued ric: also &few silrer leyes tf1lO.ec.Fr wardd t anypar ofthe country at a charge o s ahetaDe and Kbble 22,Gracchurh.steet,city. ~JESSS. L ROYand SON, chronometer watch. anfcuesto the French Admiralty, 13 and 15, Galexie Miontpensier, r'alais Roeyal, to -whom two meda1s have beeas awarded at the iast raris Universid Exhibition, beg to inform theirnumerous patrons thatI they have opened a BRANCH ESTABLISH,. WAENT, 296, Regent-street, Learly oppositethe PolytcobaicImstitution where wil he found the same choice assortment of goods, and at th; same terms, as inarmis. and~~~a cloc an comassfartctlats SMereda t-wharfmaers of cronoetem watche, astrnoieial, uret fanotherin cltiokial,resdpectfplly anzdwacesSguna;gtlm ', 10gunead strong~ ~ silvermlehst wauatchs y, £6 e H cuhclkswihCompens-ation. pedlum, dfAf3 L79FabriquAssyan SpjaiWT eweUTrN and Is.DE having tion.accepaid hythe above. flatein threstionial, Z foresetul n assormentof JE LLEtYe.nwesthdesigns and armIgdent bolsmth 171. B. ssas mde f caisUr aditeeteryfo Is. each. INE, GOILE aOLID1GOLD GOARD CEHAINS soivead etlberats, forom le. ofvanetyofd new geld bnra cltsand nUerhisauls, pearls, caiies,racnd tverynoiesc ritom of pSattGd.n £10 pices the inewhog a-as ngetvrey from Is,u t ls.Th bt o d. thgo d2a. angeid pencai-aes,i tis. d.ranch; sife dinfatto re. gold braocems, em ane sinewet,rngandtevprycsteyreue.A Ed.1E CaAllresrpBEL'onarulfctowpadryi43cTtesha newu-rand,estargsedb 30 years.utenubib an wic anbeotane y eroand oIN wr OLDe JEl WEio- al: an Ss sonfatrtingn o jenelgldr 17 cand guar G ham ins,X . Sulbr cains and seals, tembracint everydescipt fionfofaten. hepis varyig frm lO. upto £1 18g Thenaliyuof the pubwic tante Latheyhavne ioquiseweydt,epartentablislmentafoundoevryy artice satti contled in theis branch s o cr of a ufactur. Thean patern areill th niewest, Roandth l,ricnes eyrdcd o ule ecito,ado daIngT n rcs new and0% enlrare boo ha juteo ubihd. en hc Can.T be obtInedSby pesnal Gor imriteaso aPpl iicain. Sand ande Sorins. rk oaatuart,g beweges 17 andoTc to. Ctheirl parns,. fend andSostaekblegtenpesentht opotuniy ofTep frohsng the w ublicf that they have raelinqisnd thei estUablsmntgtI, Poultry.bl ulditioat ino whoELE Y ofthi h verin es m snwcriedion, 'atch17 anoc1s, doresull, cppez sitethe ormoyalu.Erohuner.trosal ohn'pal airmc the b st T .SIPO and Coti Easrmnso., imovelties of Parilsia and Ohrforeignmawctrks,ofert, bogtt totannontc to theirpatrons, frinds Simpson publiCD gen~erally that theyfavepurcofean theywholeeofithat el, egant-SOI,s,tr 134, (coergf en-street) cre fIek-tetit hc tEy r have mad, and are still,makng,donsiderablte adtion ink and rnamnts or te drwin roomdand liattrn.y in wanu arOndte woords.,a s 4rmdn berounzes,ditotoiehl, mQthern'spettem daiero nsia6.hpe ouce. Tabe for owedingandetherpeihsinents;and teyuthaeanow iseo the bes hand mogste orleautiful atsbso rnmentsofnoeltes,ofun rtie a fordeigntmnufctre over submittev.d.t theen'oPtitmofzth pulic. T. A. 12 Dessert 7s 3 e uc;ditto,2 681 Quseenspttr ditt o, 25 s. Gdpe 2 GTabeSpoons 1at 74 1130 12 GTavleSpoons oat7 6 150 0 I Sauessrditto 10 741 1 7 4GSauessdtittoI 7 12 6 4 16 I LTaLblieFopirrks d 0 7 2 10 0 Fishleo(pis 40 7. 2 15 0 12 Tea Spoons 10 7 10 3 184 ilqTea Spoons 14 8 0 5312 0 iPeirSugar Tongs .. 0 150 IPairSugarTongs .. 1 30 ' The Guide to the extensive Stock in t-he show rooms contahins tho weights and descrip)tions of silver plate, with copiouis information respecti-' Shefrield or electro-Plated ware illustrated 'with engravings It may te had gratis, or will be forwarded, post free, on application. PLECTRO-SILVTER PLATE,oA ueirmnfc EkLture. the quality guaraliteed. Table sonorfk. g.prdoz.: dessert ditto, SOs.; tea spons, 1is.; teInIofesercs 3u,: cretfams - a; pickle frames, 35. iur rms 3e;cre dishers,£ mO;. per set; dish corvers, £14U ,prst.Mnfcue by J., PAItIEIt, of. Durlinrtbin-arcade, icdly TE'LRXNGTONX and Co., Patentee of the let. .14Plate, manufacturing silversmiths, bronzists, te., beg to initimate that they have added to their extensive stock a large variely of NIEW D)ESIG.NS in the highest clamsof art, which have receenty obtained for them at theParis Exhibition thedecoatien of the cross of theteg;ionof Honour, aswellasthe GraujdeMedai.fled'HouneuLr(the onlsoneaccorded tothetradel. The Council Medalwas also awarded to thematthe Exhibition in 1831. Each aricle bears their mark, .and Co.,unnder a Crown, and orticles sold as being plated by Elkington's Patent Procesia afford no guarantee of quality-22, Regent-street, and 45,2doorgatestreet, Lendlon:. and at their manufactory, Nevrhall-strftt, Brmling. ham. Estimatesand drawing-ssent free by post. Re-platingand gilding. TTSHE PERFECT SUB3STITUTE for SILVER.-. J The real NICKEL SILVEII,introduced 20 years a,gobyWILL1A,',& S. SIJRT0ON, whenplated by thetpatent process of M essrs. Elkingt=c and Co., is beyondal comparison th very best article next to sterling silver that can be employed as such, either usefully or o-namentally, am by no possible test can it beditnusefrmrasler FiddleatrnThedate. Kiag's Patternz, Tea Spoons, per dozen Ifs 26Is. .. Is. Dessert Forks .. .. 0s. . 40g.. 46s. DesgebipooV m . Ills, 42s. . 41g. Table Fors . 40s. .. GLb . 8s. Table Spoons.. . 4ts. .. 3S. .. S The new Brunswick pattern the same price as the thread. Tea and coffee sets, waiters, candlesticks, tc., at proportionate pricus All kinds of re-plating done by the patent process. Chymiically lpure N\ickel, not Plated. Fiddle. Thread, King'4 !Lable Spoons and Perks,full sire, per dozen 12g. 28g. Zos. Dessert ditto and ditto ..l.O.s.0. 2Le. 21g. Tea ditto andns 1gI The altemtionsii additions t these extensive premises (already bj far the largest in Europe), 'which occupied the whiole of last year. are of such a character that the entire ofeight booesis devotcdto the dlsplayof tle2no-tniagnificentstock of generalbhouse irommongery rmcluding cutlery, nickel silver, plated goodsq baths,brushes andtarnery. lamps and gaseliers, iron andbrasbestaAs sd bedding), soarranged in 18larg sho roos asto aford o patiesurnibingfacilities in the seectio of gods tht canot behoped or elewher. 1I11strated catlouesset perpot) re.-9, xfrd-tret 1,Ia I and 3, Newr- an eesBOUGHT. The NDSIi2 I PATEonPIELSf for CASE-INONE ADVNCE onevm ery p` pro- perty by W. VINCENT, pawnbrolker and jeweller, 15, Qensbid ings, Knighrtsbridge. Established 1I20. JJ_OURNING ENVE LOPES, d. per 100, crean LV.laid and cemented ; mourning note paper, fiv,e quires for is., full sire, any width of border, and cream laid; bordered India note and letter papr 20 dlifferent kinds of mourning staUionery.-PAJZ. KIS and G{)T6 (l na fde), manufacturer, 24 and253,Oxford-st . hOLBy's VEDDILNG CARDS, Wedding Enive.Flopes, an. Invitations to the C:eremony anti BseakfaEt, in the present fcashion.-lIL D'jlty beeps in stocknotespaler andl envelopes. ready stamigedwiNth the crests of more than .10,03 f1-ilies-~56, Ie. gent's Quadrant, rVIL EVE-POITEDHOUSE is BAXTER`4, TL 7 Strand, where may be seen the largest stock in London of 90BDklF's GOLD5and SILVER PENCIL-CASES, varying inpucoa from 2,s. 6d. to 30 guLineas: and everlasting gold pes rm O. to 3x warranted to suit any handwriting, and exchangedifnotaprvd iJ:fYDE's BRITISH EMPIRE INKS.-` I find kk- these inks do not thicken as ordinay inks: they sarevery fluid. ~pedll beomeanintense and abiding_blak, and do not cocrode steea res.- deU_re,M.LD., F.R.S. Rlea.eorderof yourstationer-. Manufactory, 61, Fleet-street. T'RESSING UASES.-At Mir. MEOHIrs esttablisharements,l112 Regent-street, 4, Leadenhall-street, and Crystal Palace, ar xhibited the fineA specimens of British manufactues in DRESS.- JNG-CASES, work-boxes, veriting-cases, dressing begs and other articles of utility or luxury, suitable for presentation. "A separata deparment for papier mnachO manufactures anud bagatelle tables. Table cutlery, raxors, scissrs, penlmnives, strop-, paste, &c. Shipping orders executed. Same prices charged 'et all the es-tabhsbments. ST VOR_-Q2\7HIPand ~IfATERIALS at dressing-cases an. DESPATCH-BOXESi writing-cases, travelling wallets, bIll-casas. purees, &c. A large assortment of Bibles, Plrayer. books, and Church ser-,ices.-WATSON a.ulWILIA S. 48.0ornhul DPAPERHA.XGINGS. -The chleapest hiouse in -I- London for every known styleof paperhengings is CROSS's-bolesale warehouse. 22. Great Portlad-street, Oxford-street, 'whero the public andthe' trade are suppliedifrom the most extensiveaw-octmeat In the k-ingdom. commeseing nt 12 yards for Gd. T)PAPERHANGINGS and PAINEL- DECORAJ. TIONS. in niew and fashionable designs, for drawing roomn,dining, room, and libraries, from 4d. lpryard; flock papers, from 3~,d. peryard, satin,from lId. per yard; sitting room papers, from 1d. per yard; bEa[ room, from Ad. per y-ard; attic papers, from id. per yard; oaks and tMfo . e a( Patterns; senit for appror-aL toallparts of the PARISIA-N PAPERHANGINGS and INTERIORt DIECORATIONR.-JACKSO1q and GlIAHAINI invite the atten1tio o th nbiityan getr t thirextnsveSTOCK, which coin. pries he ewet ad bstprouctonsof ll hemeet eminent Parismanuactuers.Numrousspecmensmaybe seen fitted up) in the showroos, uitbleforthedrainganddining room, library,an chaber toeter it- arisic ecoatinsof the highest clags.-3W. ~1ANTED, LEFT-OFF WEARING APPARELI; WVfor exportation, of every description, good or inferior, in large orsmnall quantities A liberal price given, Fa",milies waited on byv addessing letters to Mrs. DAY, at the lirary, 3, Upper Southwick-street, Cambdridge-terrace. Edgewmar-road. WANTED, for Australia, L-A IES' and GENWV TLEMEI's LEFT-OFF WEARING AP'PAREI, k&c, of everp description and any quantity. LAdiesandgentlemen waited onat anl time or distance, by addressing, pre-paid. to Mr. or Mrs PHimLIip. 31, ,'hayer-street,AManch-ster-square. Established 30 ears W 3ED, for Australia, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES. VT -Established 30 yearn-Mrs. GI.AllIEP (orformean) contilues IoPIICHASE everylkind of T^LAIES'and GENTLENEN'sWEAX-. ING APPARELh Familiefvaitedonatanytime or distancebya{ldreu. lag letters, pro-paid, to 20, Great Tit hfeld-street, Cavendich-Equare. IATED, LEFT-OFF CLO0TES_-MissWOO]D V is inVAliTofladies, gentlemen's, and cbildren's LEFT-oFF APPAREL, of every description, in large or nall quantities. Puss W.hasremoved from 221, Regent-street, to 5, wherealletters, &c., must be addressed. 1WTANTED LADIES', Gentlemen's, and Children's. VT LEFT-0F7 WIEARING APPA.RE, of everydescription, and in any quantity. Ladies and gentlemen waited on at any time or distance, by addressing, pre-paid, to Mlr. or Mr HUTOINSON, 17. Dean-street. High Holorn- established 1810. NTED, LEFT-OFF CLvOTHES, for exporta Vtion.-LaIes or gentlemen will ho wvaited on at any time or distance, and have the highest price given for LjEFT-OFF1 CLOTHES of ali descriptions, by addressing to Mr. or M. (iHAS, clothiers, 10, Tyler-street, Regent-street. Established 31 year,. TANTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for Austra wVin good or inferior condition.-Mr. and Mrs. JOHN ISCS colonial clothiera, 19 and 320, Strand, opposite Someset-houee, continue givi" tbe highest price in cash for LAD1IS', Gentlemen's nd Children's VIMARING P tPARhEL, ac. Letters addresed as abovefor anydayordistance mostpunctuallyattendedto. Establshed48years, TITANTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for exmorta- V tion.-Mr. and Mr HART still ontinue giving the ighest price in cash for every description of LADIES' or GENTLEMEN's VEARWIG APPAREI. Ladies or gentemen having any of thn above for sale, in any quantities or condition, will be punctual3y waited on at their residences, any day or distance, by a letter addresedto Mr. or m Hart, 31, New easle-street, Strand. Esta bhishedlfOI. ANTED, LEFT1-OFF CLOTHES, for exporta- r v tion.-e3sr-s. LVYE (successors to Messrs. Sanders, of 251, 6trand), beg to acqguaint ladies audgentieen that they give tho most liberalprice, in oasl,, for every description of LEFT-OFF> CLOTHES. Ljadles or gentlemen ia-ring any of the above to dispose of will be oune tually waited on at their residence, by letter being addressed to ,Mr. or lIr, avy, wvholesale clothiers, °51, Stranld. oppositte Tvvinilng's bank3ing establisment; or 341, Strand, near Waterloo-bridge. Established 4c years.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Iliha4 L ADIES' WVARDBROBE REPOSITORY, 51, Psddington.street, St. Marylebono: established 44syear-M.-_. AMDREWs wfishes to inform her friends that sho PURCHASE LADIES' and CHILDREN's LEF-OFF WEWARjIG APPAREL. Mrs A. will wa-it upon hulies at any time. J~ DIE' WRDOEE.-Ms.CLARKE and Co. beg to direct the attention of ladles to their private roosin for the PVURCHSE and SALE of SECOND-HPND WYEARING APPARE L of every description. Ladles waited upon at ary timo or "si Qegfn-sirevX>Iaiooln'a-inn-beldL
SALES BY AUCTION. -0 Ave laria-lane Patemoster-row. 1 ESSRS. WINSTANLEY are instructed to SELL .ITJ. by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, 9th April, the capital PREIMISES, No.5, Ave Mraria-lane, particularly snutable for the book trade; comprising a warehouse and counting-house, with excellent backlight, occupying the whole of the ground floor; a private selling-souse, consisting of several spacious rooms, and two attics (wvhich might be used for business purposes). They are held by lease, inider the Deasn and Chapter of St. Paul's, fora term of 40 years, at a ground rent. To be viewed by cards, which, with particulars, may be obtained of . Chippendale, solicitor, 10 A, 3ing's Arms-yard, Moorgate-street; and of dlessrs. instanley, Paternoster-row; also at the Mfart.' Upper Albany-street, Regent's-park.-The under Lease of a capital 10-roomed House. particularly eligible for occupation or as a speculative investment. htESSRS. KEhIP will SELL by AUCTION, by order of the Directors of the Church of England Buildin7 oiety, at the MWart, on Tuesday, April 8, at 12, an excellent bricklasiltifOISE, held forsan amexpired term of about 60 years at the lowrent of 0 guine^s per annum. Estimatedyearly value, £55. MAy be viewed. Particulars on the premises- of A. B. Sheppard, Esq., solicitor. 18, Lincolfs-inn-foelds;* of Mr. J uller, 161, Albany-street; at the Mart; and of the auctioneers, 37. Judd-street. Coachnmaker's Stock in trade.-Dissolution of Partnership A-rR. JEMIETT is instructed by Messrs. Eipps aud Jj-LFuge, in consequence of the expiration of their temof partner ship, to SELL by AUCTION, on Wednesday April 2, on the Premises, Nos. 49 and 50, G:eat Marylebone-street thse remcaining STOCE in TRBAXE, comprising a varietyo 0f ashionable new and second-hand step piec coaches, brouzhanso, btronches, phaetons, chariots,&c., withthe usual material and utensil also the fittings ned tools of the smith Mhop. May be viewed tro daye preifoustothe sale, andcatalogues had on the premies; of t. Blacknore, Esq., solicitor, 5, Sunrrey-street satrandi and of the auctioneer at the Carriage Bazaar, King-street, PortrnseNGquare. to Public Companies or Institutions, Banker, l a erchants, &c.at- portent and eptensive Premises, contiguous torthe Boyal Exchatnge. of the rentalpai begs respectfully to intimate that he is comn or innrted to submit for SA,min the early part of pay next, order ofth the daror oflthe wMentor Insurance Company (unless the amebedisposed of byPrivate treatyinthedmeantime), the very extensive R anGE of OFICES, in Old Broad-street. adioning those of he ImpeSRl Insurance Company, held on lease for a long term, at a low rent, a portion of which is let off, producing more than two-thirds of: the rental paid, le-aving the best portion available either for a pubUc company or an establisluent of eminence. M{ore descriptive particulass, with the day of sale, wilbe duly annoumced.-19, Coleman-street, 24th Mlarch, 1816, Walthamstow.-Excellent Furniture, Out-doer Artiles, Pony Chaise, I and P;arness, and MiseellanecesEfrects. nESSRS. HUMPHB}EYS aud WVALLEN wvill . SELL, by AUCTION on the Premises near St. James's Church, en Thursday, M1arch 2,7, 12, thehOlSHOD EFFECTS; comurnsing four-pest and other bedsteads, good bedding, excellentwrdrobe, and other usual chamber furniture* a pedestal sideboard dining tabules, chairs, conches, &c., rosewvood loo and card tables, chimney gss, kitchen requisites. &o;c alo the out-dtoor article; comprising yates, fencin" melon boxes, garden tools, a veighing machine and wreights, a Balcer's patent mangl.e, and various items; also a neat pony dennett and harness. To be viewved the day previous and mormag of sale. Catalogues to be had on the premisecs; at the inns atWalthamstOW; and of M1essrs. Humnphreys5 and Wallen, 6&iild Brood-street, and Blomford- JIyde-park.-Benelleal Lease, Fixtures, Household Fumniture,Cabiuet Pianoforte, Bed and Table Linen, and Effects. ML ESSRhS. LOCEWOOD arc inlstructed by the Ex 3:ecutors of D). Duttop, Esq., deceased, to SELby AUCTINf, on thelPremises, 73 Connaught-terrace, Hyde- akoledneslag, April 2, at 1 punctually, eli the excellent FJURNTUE;* comprising bedsteid, bedding, wardrobe, chests of drawrers, marble-top and other washatands, drawring room suite in rosewood, cabinet pianoforte, chimney-glasses, mahog,any sideboard, dining table, set of mahogany chairs in leather, Brussels and Turkey carpets, household linen, a few pi;ctures and prints, mantel dclcks,rnameatal items, and miscellaneous effects, together with the lease and ditures. On view the day preceding the salc, when catalogues may be had on the prenrises; and at the aeflces of the auctioneers, 1, Burwood-place, HIyde-park, and4J, Upper Ba ser-stre et. Em-rey.-The Hlare and Hfounds Inn, better known as the Burford- hr k'Hotel Box-hill, DerLias, byFMessre WHlITE and SONS, at the hlart, iofdOr, oe Wednesday, April 23, at 12 o'CEocts eact timeS bydSrectSonofthCKWev Oees aitrustunderthewillof the ett Isner and occupiern3r. William Charman. dyHE Tenusre of this popula, r thSeblsleFnent iS nea rly _i e bualdtoeadeehold, being copyhold of the manor of Thorsncroft, subtect to a moderate fine on sdi tIoo, and ahewoot certain on death. *Ihe hou se contains accommodation for the reception of both large and small parties, writh ample oflies for conductig Ea lucrative hotel and *'.vern husicasa and has a slmall hewery extensive stabling and coachl:ou; A productive o-chard two garrhens, and beautiful leasure grounds, wills shaded walks, ~dieg to theciuer m3ole, whdich here EsAHsir the base of the renowed Box-hill,anmdformsa boundasy on one aide of the estate, the whole com;rising the area of 3a. 3r. 4p. The situlation of theproperty s meet savoesrable, beinE inw the far-famed Vale of Micklelsani, on the ni5in ?oed between the twos ood market towns ofDlcring and Ejisoom, anaDlitic more than a mib gstand fron4 - railwTay station, wfhich affords not o^nly easy access,to the metropolls, 1,nt also to the soutbern coast and the wtestern counties. Full narthclsuhandconditiOn of ande mHayin,dbetimebe obleined of t eerfo Hartand Hart, Boxhitor Dorking; boy r. Besm in W Hane, bulader Eweil * of Mr. Wotklln, atatitner, 91, Yguon-treet, London; 4 I the Mast. London at the edn eship drlghtoel t3h Star and Garter, e Richmnond ir the W ohite H eA Gsindfordu the under ,teinton the Uho ( Hre ETou e.Croydon o thei iteulart, eigata ti s bron isone; Trs uaf telouLeheo, alDosLb ing. opyhq wllo atih,emawio theo,m,wi crd: ho osent, a3 asac;i omCation Leiog made for t,he rcpioo. lra leaseholdFstate.-Ibixtoni, Surrey. ?LESRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST MY, av received instructions to offer for SALr, at the Mart, on Friday, March 28, in one lot, J& valuable IIEASEHOL PROPERTY, uituate at Brixton, comprising; a comfortable cottage residence with aresad gruds in th,e occulpation of M3r. Skinner, a cottage &I.- iolnng,wit whelwight7s shop aud Dremises, in th ocupaio Of Mr Fancs, adheweefiveand six acres of mneadow l'and, in the sea, ar o wic i aapedforPiiiiding. The whole proier eldis nudr to sparteleaes ora ti led termof about Syer,part Is owinhad, ndth rmaidee~etatarental ofX£40rannum for a trm whicexpirein 1I62 when terental value wllle at least £100per nnu, mdpendnt~of that portion which is xapplicabi'~ bnjdln prpoes.Ma bevieedbypermission of the ter,t-an Clapham-Valui4ble, Freehold IPropry let to most respectauti tenants at rentals and of the value of about £260 per annuma,t M ESSRS. NORLTON, HOGG~ART, and TRIST have roeeved instructions to offer for SALE, at the Mart, on Friday, March28, at12. FOUE,vaIuableFREEHvOLDRESU)ENJOES, plesantly itaeNsto,inlivTurret-place. in the beat part of Lakhall-lae Claphamn, Surry; Nos. 1, 2, and4, each contain six bed rooms and water-closet, dining and drawing rooms, commumicattog byfolding doors twro kitchenLs, convenient otfices, and smaUl gardensainfront and rear ; No. 3is of rather a larger character ; two cottage residences situate Nos. 11 and 12, Turret-grove, each containmgn thre bd rom, to prlura ofics, nd aren; also acottage rEstdeue, o.4 Crmwel Cttaes,Lsxhal-lae.The above properties aren god ubsantalrepir,andthe ofera desirable opportnt tennt, ad artcuarsshrtl bd a te Plou~ghCapnham ; of Mesrs Atin, Adrw, ndCO. slictos,White Hart-court. Loinhar-steet atth Mat; nd f esss. ortn,Hoggart, and Thast, Freeholds, Orchard-street and St. At's-stret,Westminster. ME SSRS. NORTON, HOGGAPRT and TRIST have received instructions to offer for Sia,k at the Mrart, on Friday,March 28 at 12, in one lot, a valuable FREEHOLD PROPERTY, having a frontage to Orchard-street of about 92 feet, and in the immediate vicinity of the Westminster improvements, It consists of a dwelling-house and greengrocer's shop, No. 16, St. An's-tret,and a. ous adoinng.No.68,Orcardstret.in the occupation of, Mrs. Linted, n ldtennt ata enal f 48per annum ; alsn thre houes,Nos 69 7, ad 7, Ochrd-tret, etto Mr. Crow, atia rental Policies inLthe Pelican.Life-office. MUESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST ILhave received -nstructions to offer for SALE,R at the Mart. on Friday, March 28. at 12, in three lots, a POLICY for £100, effeced in tePlcan IAfe Linsranoe-office, upon the life of a gentleman now eged76: nnul prmiu £11la:a Poicyfor £220, effected in the lars ay b had f Mesrs. adesn andM~ea II,1 Austinfriars; of Mesrs.Johsto, Frciliai-,andLeeh, 5,Moorgate-streelt- at the Mar- ad o Mesr. Nrto, Hggri,andTrit,62, Old Bros-street, Exceellent Stock of a Furnishing Ironnionger. a,rR ELLIS is directed to SELL by AUCTIONF, setsof olihed ireiros, ets f tays 53sets of ctey unijo bras tap, nw pater fir-guads,40 dzencrossgaet,4grs Secure leasehold Investment.-Kennington. R., ELLIS is directedl to SELL by AUCTION, at .VLGarsaway's, CorIhill, on Wednesday, April 23, at 12, unless an acceptable offer be previously made by private contract, a LEASEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSE containing six rooms, with garden in relarb1lee lWeon,hld 1oferthe Duch ofntCornwa,nfor thre Lives, atd MbEviewe 14das prioretodbythe sa E xePrtculars, ofthcon atios ma b eotanedof MEsq., Wereaned. Smtslto rs,Lb A M ,a Coapr'-hal Bawsinshau-stedet;at GArraays of23bip, a g 2i he osHent neRKEnnOLnDo Chrc;n atli the. owicesof the ls auc Floner of0 Grudinois city,~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~t Valuable. Freehold Proptert oya Maizt-stl,reet,wnear tHen Londonand St. ationar inresDocks. ILLA EL LIedN isns a, dieceaed, to SELL by AUCTION, at Or raa'Garrwas,on1 Wednesday,Arl3 a 2i three let, atHE 12(uness-a FEHOLDDWELPRG1OPERTY, wopHith hosana ax Plot ofaml resdenoe wthe rear,hwihoushedsthereongangrud, situate anoeng tohe 112,e Ub,oade11, rent ofv2erlokn arennum;-pand; ith potherstw aeviter ccupaoation fofre spgectalemY eteantis,meht,haveheld thes huserstforimn eas eiast latbiSersanddesnrGmay benviewedo14daysprorw trotesl.partioneddawis, with spcnitios, may bet pobtainedof Messrs.e otheoertswet and Sott soi cee itors t0, Linounds-tdinn-deos;ma larrawy'ors; ti om and atteofcsofnth Valuable Fremehtcoldce E lstae on Maim-hill, Gvrenih Btebng, afordn ocaciliicsoradit.onlwxanteanorinetment,.Teeieeesrrsn 111R. LLISisdireced to ELLib AeuCiON. at b arraay'sCorhillo edneday Aprl23 dats 12,rt (unessa FREEHLD PRPERTY compisin an ecellet famly rsidnee,ll wit coch-ous, Tabo g D andhgprouds situat onther ests. brdr an TvelOin rewichpak;ItNposesse SEvey Lccmmdaio for a etlem ,an's esablismen u-t, reet on thFpe trida est eigcht28chae bersK anrsing TRoom; on theae gr round floor w el-rptimondeddtrawing roomphavng fiv Fssrtenh inowsoening torarterraced, hoirea,ihaseroo dandspacfos hall,ewinThpoticoentrandc; ongheloerstoy,ando. leve -With ehegoundse, din ingrom libanutryeo aitnd Holroo, ncn occupied, but earl poseonmcantbegien. ify requ rird,ay bext scewedby.candaoel,efs a.A eew gohoudsof andi f4s,rt condpaticun.s salvew of i Thursrayei and Smth,l oliciors Copea-hd. ha To Drapers.Ole, Shippreeaers, and oth es RiV. THOMVAS HEMMING will SELL byAUCIi.TION, at hs Rom, . Farrindo-sr gt,on Fianet,Mrhe 28, thn TCinTRADE,itrs anf thpeients Mr. Broning of Bermngonde-lateet grcmrising olan. taoimdertb of usefuln draery goods Thorsiery, heaber dahr,~a nve nTusa,adcatalogues had.thros To Laeodgeinn Hosilk Ti Manfatdrers, ndHoes MUR THOANSO wEMiNl wELL bEL byTIN AUC i TIh, ate his Rooms,8te Farhnde- tret city,stone Tomrdanrow, March 20, ath WHOLESAoE HOSEOCfrihSLD BEANIUFRT; TIES iscarfs,hadkrchef, Azaln,Rnegod, and inpae be rst-rate cond bitio, onuview ond l Thursday.r adrataogers wahtand. ,tbe,ga n ad t oe GrIsoes Oimen,g Fbiueaers, andothrs 1UR. THOMAS HEMMiNG=7 willSELLe byais naU - how etoier, athisomnygses,b8ookFarrin edonstreet nthe StOCKge TinfrADe, Fixturoes,oad Imlmnso B elc fKenntnln groer nd ilan, dde a i f ale. Onhview PonTursday neurdt,a catalogues had at the rooms.edis 28 ols In Bankr ILodgteHuet, Hayide.-, Midleex 7If.STRANSOM will SELL by AUCTION, on ILtiheo Premises, asopposite the.ay Muth ile-tone,y To-mrrctow, Macof .a 1 the superinreHOfSEHOK. GuRNITURE; com prising foutr-pot, teArabIGN, an japNned bdseadad bDeddi"ing doube COKandsigecetf drawOer's, washBtNd(s,tablises, glasses and taha otherbro wlrequisies, aTMS SpnSh mahoganyapedestly sidaeord lutee aendr ofther taiable,sto mahtogany charirs,sof, well-made Spanishema pitiaoothein rswodentr. case, oil epainins,eits,atwoplreporW tfoalos of ver raret engraTmeinsafterJlioftr h oabove wbeholds Pheussin aurden imalmnsintaey be viewed and catalogues had of Hr.taronucine and valuciner, Uxbridge, Middlesex.ThHostobLe,whim dae In Rankrndsom-H ahmodemt Fuxbitge-TwoCos, Caonfectioers, andie oines- Godiland Spiis w aubel inorades ofente ogd-esrtabnshd M ~E tos toA S M wl SELL by AUCTIONnte rmie. Besorogh streetth Pggremises, asmlabov, TonmFriday, March 26 at-adb foellowng priv.ate1 conr 1act) da, the ASSIGNEE's f INTE REST ad OODIL in thne COOKis mhgadCny,ECTIoERswo BUSwingSSo (esabished70 aot-y cacbinets toble wellarrnged preises, soandvaontalegeouslystat in then ceogntr of thes caiamre towngs rn of dbrina, Midleex tognaenther withA thew modefxurs 0 the aboe peslents aenopp sortuntyrael tod be et ith Imedatey ate th abvewidllb sadoldeth stckeand Stanfel, Er., ffical ssigee,76 a Balngabl-tegceval and tofleth auctonee. Uhride.oiddlsex Eelgrvia,-HandoutmFo moerne Frntury ae, Tw orPianoforthes Prorelate WineandSpirts,Twmoin valuabe Hounrse,gnelDo-at.n 1jEC. FUJRBER begt bee tifavye ithath is nsuc IL tionedto sELbyi AouCTIeON,otePrEmIses,N, ontesbrouh Ne .Baoostreet, Belggnve-road,Pmc , To-morrow, March 2,adflou day, t 12 orr1,eahday, teWof t hCNTNT ofurnthre, R heSI C f fiEAS Spanhish cmahogtany, an ros tewoddawngy romS suteD cotl cbiets nobleae chmney,b piter, anwonoe gass n gilt andf mdahtdogany fraespantings,wh rets, fold china,rand ornmna chatem,few voinry books, witojhedb theexellent appedags forgthembed roos,deinopndosh maehogany,sf wineduadPwieedestale warobles,chgest ofedrawers,mmarble-topvwashstandwand dressigtables,cheandtanid tilet gasses hafctyndsome Araboan,or-podetande.therbomdateawe-vprtimaedgos eorsa sandbledwing, thoe appointment cofthehall, with g ts o usua fillng hofmtes sierians' offces aond, Iarieru paeffcs May bie vew red anOday prOofe to ethresae anddgeesitiv cataous hDen dm onde the premeisies;uf-esrs.eneceo BaeaprdParsn,ticgetors,em4, waocras-spare, city expndaste auciorndrn offies enine Wsarwick-court,a G eray's-mn endwe dBergvin- otheinFspertooayemptoySle,aby orderhofsethePrpretedr aranemnt C.l FustaEn bes totntton. t beltahe ha ibu 0yasin u sexpiteda2dthgo sbitdretopbieCTml'EIThON,prtemPesm-b fiewe, immdatl parcedingwithe saleton of the furniture,a the GROUND LEASE of this coBrabler and gersntlemanlyto RESPENCrae, whichto; be rsbapprecatdusHboispcehod, whein ituwilre fond pfeculirl chnR. conRAYlf, is omplle by EL,o the naue Pfhs rnaemnst rsdiNondn The Housetingdn-treted upawihbevryc oncimbo rrangemen foceforandenenince wilethstbing inu-bidng No,22,Susex-quae,Kemptown, Brighton,-Elegant and cotly Houehod Frniure(chiefy desiged and manufactured by Mesars Dowbiginl-ic SikDms n evtDraperies massive Pier andChmne Gasss,in leanty arvd rams,nob eGlass Chandelers- Mrqutere Tbls ad Cbints,finlycarved French EDWARDShas been honoured with instr ucfromMm Kmp (liois aboutto leave Brighton) to SELL. b Pbli A'CTIN o th Pemises 22, Ku sqaemp-town, o-morrow, March N6h, and following das at1 uculyeach day, the costly and valuable XEFEOTS;omrsn, h hmes handsome Spanish mahogany Frenchbesad,wnsurirpig hair and wool mattresses and bedding, pns aoaywne wardobe, cabinet and other chests ofdrws,egatm enwsh sftands and tollet tables with toilet glase afe,toSaihma- horantjdwarf bookcases with plate-glas or,cuhe,es his san omer chamber requisites. In the daigrosaesie frc crimson figued silk damaski, elegant whiteadabrstn n richl crimson UftreCht velvet curtains with elbrtl avdadgilt cornices, acostly borderedAxmninster carpet nobl hme n,pe gsesin chaste carved framnes,Mtoonsole ad pirtbe,adgsn 901e%Iarofelegant cut-glass c~deicr yHnok otyFec clocks in or-mnouIu standis, mounted witraelSvrsci,piro corapries an eegaiit itones in ero h rwn of exquisitely carve frame car,tosette n oa a~eei tablo mounted with or-rpouhu, three handsomoe mirrors ~otv adcotage riaifie in rosewood ease, by Erard,riheapns russels carpets. kce,; in the dining r~oom and library wl efud nobe pdetalsidbord n panish mahogany withrilatsved plate-glass back in carved frame to miatch e fSaihmhgn dining tablea of superior manufacture,sstofSashm ogn chairs sumptuquzly stuffed and coveredinmrcoeahonasr. side table -and dinner waggon,.chimney clocks in bakmrl n bronze stands, pair of bronze figure caddelabra and Mryhre,fu elegant dwarf-winged bookcases glared with plate glas srtse dlavenport,-librsry and other tables, capital Brussels nB ukycr Pets, rich window draperies, &c,. also a quantity of chyegad glasc handsome dinner and china dessert and tea sei-vicaithetrace allan stircse ar a aio arvdhall channdbch co,aelan ndglaed alllap, nd legntBrussels andtastycr desripio an -n.eeelen cndiio. O vew the Mna n Tuesay recdin th e le.Catloges illbe ready 10I ypirt thesle,odiaybbac, i45.e,635 a ttOfficesofthavine Pictures of the moldem Belgian School.-By Messrs. CERITM Ia MASONl , At their grat Bisom Kg-street, Et. J%sen, To-mor- row, March 26, at 1 precisely, I A Collection of Pictures by noaern Belgian artists, igLt 2eroperty of a gentloman1 abd received from abroad, mncldI. sn aptlpecimiens oif Baume Fln'ct Marneffe Van der l'ken Bode ^iabbe Morenhout Verinemaan o.u5 _ Hugena -Musln Verbeckhoven >;.- ~ Kreseman Robbe Verwee c ,zroeue Koekkoek Rtedige Van Schendel. lso the rem ig pictures and sketches, the works of the ate Thomas Henry Illidge,. Esq., including many interesting portaits. May be dewved twvo days preceding, and catalogues bad. Notice.-Tong Castle, near ShiffuaL Shroshire. _ESSRS. CHItSTIE and MANSON respectfuy W give notioe, that the CONTENTS of TON-G CASTIE, Shrohbire, are now ON VIEW, and the sale will commence on. Thursday, the 27th, at l2 precisely. A Collection of modern Pictures and Drawing. 1/JESSRS. CHRISTI:E and MiAISON respectfully JNJ. give notice. that they will SElLT by AUCTION, at their great R,oom, King:street, St. 3ames's-souare, on Tuesd3y. April 1L at 1 yrecisely, the choice COLLECTAIONof modern EsNGLISII ?ICTURES and WATElB-COLOU17 DRAWINGS, mostlty of cabinet size, the poetofagntlemnan. received from the country; comprising abcout lGO orks of oodqualtity and areeable charater, by the following favourite artists:- Branwvhite . Fielding Percy Solomon B P,right - Fripp Prout Vickers Clnt - Gilbert Pickeragill J. Wilson Dafinby Harding Pyne Wmgtield Duflie d Harper Ro hotham Woolmer Earl Holland Richardson Zeitter. May be viewed two days preceding and catalogues had. The Sernice of Plate, China, and Pictures of Stephen Jarrett, Esq., deceased.-By Messrs. CRISTIE and MAXiSOW, at their great Room. King-street, St. James's-square, on Monday, April2, ati precisely, A Small Service of Silver and Silver-giltPlate. some A china, and a few choice pictures, the perty of ttephen JarreteEs; deceaaed late of CraneLodge, Sab ;condsting of a very nandsome soup tureen and side dishes oval she and covers, waiters, butter-boats, forks and spoons, and tea service, a very hand. some dessert-and tea service, wilth candlesticks of siltver-giltt, some importantpiecesA of Oriental' sadA other Porcelain, and choice pictures, comprising examples of Fis3ude, Cuyp,, Pynackrer, Verboon., and A. Van de Velde and Le Rainm May be viewsed twvo hayAs preceding, and catalogues had. Important Collection of very rare and fine early Chinese Enamels- By Mess. CEHRISTIE auidMANSOW, at their great,aoom, Kingstreet, St. James's, on Thursday, April 3, at I precisely. Tet i npotan Colecionofearly Chinese Enamels, comprising ftowerstands, incense vases, bowls, sprinlilers, dishes, and bottles, of very fine and rare work, a very curious looyee or sceptre, also some modern porcelain, and obiects of art and vertli M~ay be dewred two daPys precediing, and catalogues had. Small Collection of Works of Art and Vertil, received from France. MESSRS. CHRISTIE and MANSON respectfully i give notice, that they will SELL by AUCTION, at their great Room, King-street. St. James's-square, on Frida, April &, at1pe cisely, a smaI collUecton of WORKS of ART .and VETU, the propertyofagentleman received from France; comprising fine old pate tencre Sivres. Dreiden, Chantilly. and Duo de Vllerois porcelain Baffaelle, Palissey, Nevers, and other early wvares.; Limoyes enmels: miniatures, three missals, e.; also a fine old Dresden dinner servic busts by Rysbraek and R. hlonti, handsome decorative furnitareo old marquetenie and buhl, some antique rings, and a pair of noble bronze and or-moutu candelabra. May be dewred two das preceding, and cataloguesn had. A very choice Collection of Pictures. ESSRS. CHERISTIE, and MANSON respectfully ,V give notice that they wit SELL. by AUCTION, at their great BRom, King-street St. James's, on Saturday, April 5, at 1 precisely, a very valuable COhLEWTION of about 70 choice PICTURES, by Itaau, Flemish Dutch, and French masters,the property of a gentle. man of well-known taste and judgment, comprising La Carita, a very grand work of A. del Sarto: Mars and Venus 1n a landscape, by Georgione; St. Agatha, by L. Caracci,a grand Classical Landscape, by 3Domenlichino; Jacob Placing the Rods in the Troughs and Jesus Announcing to the Virgin her Future Sorrows, by A, Nano; the Holy Family, by Pacheco; St. John, and a View of the Prado at Madrid, twofineexamplesof Velasquez; avery elegant Portrait ofaLady, by Vandyke; a beautiful Sea Vier, by Ulaude; Haman and Esther, an admrable work by Rembrandt; a Landscape vwith horseS a brilliant work ot Cyp; a *beautiful cabinet Landscape, by Ei6hseimer, from MIr. AMderdon's collection. a gramd Seaport, by Lingelbach a fine Sea Piece, by W.; Van der Velde, exhibited in the British Institution; a grand Landscape, a chef-d'eusre by lMoncheron; and an Italian Scene, SylB. Wilson, and manyr other choice and beautiful w orks. MIay be view ed twro days preceding, and catalogues had. lITRESSRS. BROMLESY and SONwlSELb 1L AlUCTION, at the Auction Mart (in15 lots), on Thursday, Aprl 17, at 12, 75£20 RATCLIFF GAS SHARES, on which £16 has been paid, paying a dividend of Sper cent. Particulars had of the auctioneers, 17, Commercial-road, St. George's east. Freehold Investment, vith Reversion.-St. Georee's East. M ESSRS. BROMILEY and SON will SELL by A AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, April17, at 12, FREBHOLD DW%ELIN--G-HOUSE,, with Shop and Premises, 129, St. Geore's-slyest Iformerly calledatdhighway),nParly oppoi;te Old Gravel-lane, v ith cottagein the rear, in the occupation of Mr. Potter, sen., bootmaker, whoholdsduriaghslhife.atthelowrental of £40per annum. The premises are estimatsd worth a rental of LlOjperanmum. May be view L Particulars had of Messrs. Sheffield, solicitors, Old Broad-street ; place of rate; and of the auctione 17, Commercialroad, St. George's east. .ValuableEreehold Property, Ilford, Essex, eligible for investment or occupaUon. MESSRS. BROMLEY and SON have been favoured 1 w3 ith instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday. the 17th day of April at 12 o'clock, in sevel lots SEVEN modern FREEHOLD Vff,LA BESIDENCES, leasantlb situate, and forming the whole of the Terrace, Iford, within a few minutes' walk of the railway station, the whole respectably tenanted, and producing a rental of £250 per annum; Two small Freehold Cottages. with gardens, a large coach-house, and two stables; also Four valuable Plots of Freeho d Building Ground, in the rear of the Terrace. Maybe viewed. Particlars, with lithographic plans, ay be had at the Angel and Red Lion Inns, llford; Bull, Baring;, King'a Head, tomford; Swan, Stratford: the Broinley Arms, Bow; Messes, Rickards and Son, solicitors, 2, Crovn-court, Old Broad-street; T. Er. Lewi, Esq., surveyor, 9, John-street, Adelphi; place of sale; and of the auctioneers, 17, Commercial-road, St. George'seast. Regent's-park.-A long Leasehold Family Residence, at a Grourd rent, with Poesion. ILfESSRS. BROMLEY and SON will SELL by -1 AUCTION. at the Mart, by order of the Proprietor, on Thurs. day, April 17, at 12 respectable semi-detached REEIMENCE, being, 1, at the east endof Bouth Bank, Park-road, St. John's-wood, containing seven good bed chambers, handsome drawing and dining rooms, breakfast parlour, offlce or study, noble entrance hail, large kitchen, wash-house, panetry, coaL, beer, and wil cellars, neat garden slopiag down tothe Regent's canal. In the occupation of Mr. Waters, the proprietor, LDis estimated worEt £S per annum, held for n5 years, at the low ground rent of £12 per annuml. May be diewed, particulars had on the premises, of B. o eho ick, Esq, sobeitor, Great George. street, Westint:aFer;ol eightAromsd Tavuer, St. John'es-wood;pa sale, and of the aucltonaeers,7, C mrn erum ciaaslrold HSt.orges east o. TrnoSmalrCastrlists, Membetrst of. Buis,ldn Societipes, amund thersm Frehol Sand LcteasehMold tEstatoes, Hafckane -road and City-od. 20 yESSRS. -BROMLEY and SaN will SEeLL by ilv_ AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, April 17, at l2. excellent LESEHOLD BUSINESS PRtEMISES,. with commanding newground ren°t: a F'reehldeiht-romedHuse, No. 19, Weatitn£orieland,c place, City-road, let at £26 per annumrn, a Ieaseehold House, No. 34, Ironmonger-street, Old-treet, St. Luke's, let at £24 per annum, term 20 years, ground rent £6 1per annum; a Beversion to a respectable Freehold House, No. 17, Weatmoreland-place, City-road, let at £20, at the death of an old lady. May be viewed. Particulars had of C, Condell, Esq., solicitor, 7, Copthall-court. Throgmorten-street; Rupert Ramnes Esq., solicitor, 15. Fish-street-hill; Mr. Hockley soil. citoe, Bell-yard, Doctors'-commons: place of sale, and of the aue. tioneers, 17, ' Commercial-road, St. (orge's east. Capital moderm Furniture, Pianofortes by eminent makers, Chimney- glasses, superior Plated Articles, small Cellar of Wiue, 500 vols. f Books, and numerous useful and ornamental Effects. lESSRS. OXENTHA and SONS will SELL by 1 L AUCTION, at their Roms. 353, Oxford-street, near the Pautheon, on Frifay next, at It for 12 punctually, the capital modem FURBNITU , includingArabian, fourDost. andsecondarybedsteads and angigs ith eddng cmplte, ardobes, drawers, washstands, dressing tmaGblews, be. walgnut tree. ewd,and mahogany chairs, sofia, couches, and easy chairs, saite of curtains, loo, card, occasional, and other tables, chimney-glases, grand, cot-tage, and cabinet pianofortes by eminent makers, sideboards, dining tables, bookeases,caspets, superior plated-articles, 500 vols. of books, small cellar of wine, the domestic reqnisites, and numerous effects. May be viewed on Thursday and mornLing of sae, andecatalogues had. No. 5, Upper Fitzroy-street, Fitzroy-square. M ESSRS. OXENHAM and SONS have received T instructions from the Executrix of the late B. Tod, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, on Tuesday, April 8, at 1 for 2 puctually, the LEASE of the very desirable BESRIENCE (with immediate possession), 5, Upper Fitzroy-street, five doors from Fitzroysquare, plmed with every regard to comfort, and in exceUent repair, old for anunexpired term of 32 years, ata verlow gromund rent. The houTse may be vieweduntil the sale (Sundays excepted), and particulais had; also of W9. h. Donaldson, Esq. 18, Southampton-street, Bboosarbury-sqaare; and at Messrs. Oxeniraxn's offices, 353, Oxfordstreet, near the Pantheon. lNo. 5, Upper. Fitzroy-street, Fitzroy-square.-ExceDent - Fuaniture, Plate, Plated Articles, and Effects. MIESSRS. OXENHAM and SONS have received instructions fiom the Administratrix of the late B. Tod, Esq., to SELT by AUCTION, onthe Premises, on Tuesday. AprS at 12 for 1 o'clek punctually, the elcellent HOUSEHOD FU ITURE including a drawing room suite, grand pianoforte, inahogany diningroom chairs, tables and sideboard, four-post and other bedsteads and hanglags, with bedding, wardrobes, draw.ers, washatands, &e., smallervnco of piate and plated articles, a few books, china, hass, the domestic re. quTsites, and numerous ulseful and ornamental effects. May be viewred on the !fondayantecedent andmoromingof sale, and catalogues had also of W. I.. Donaldson, Esg., solicitor, 15, Southamnpton-street, Bloomsbury-square; and at Messrs. Oxenhfams' offlces, 353, Oxfordstreet, near the,Pamtheon. Essex and Middiesex.-Paulatim Lodge. Dagenharn.-Valuable de. tached Enclosure of Arable Land, and Five Houses in the Bagnigg,e. wells-road, Clerkenwell, ME SSRS. BEADEL and SONS have received in- etructionsto SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, London, TEIS DAY, March -25th, at 12, a very desirable VILLA. RESIDENCE. known as Paulatim Lodge, with conservatory, exceDlent out-buildings, and tastefully laid out grounds, together with a small pasture adioinlag, pleasant situate on Chadwell-heath, within three miles of the vge of Dagenbaa, two miles from Romford, and three from Bford, at both of which are stations on the Eastern Counties Railway; a valuable detached enclosure of Productive Arable Land known as Mill Field, contaIning 3a. 3r. 8p., in the occupation of Mr. Thomas Wane at £12 per atmnnu; also a desirable leasehold Property, coinwrising five houses in Oliam-gardens, Bagnmgge-wells-road, Clerklenwel let to re. spectable teantn at rents amounmting to 9£5 lOs. per annum. ossesion of the residencnan behad upou completion of the purchase. Parti. cularandeonditions maybe obtained of Mfessr. DavidsonandBradhur,y, soliCitors, 18, -Basittghali-street; at the Auction Mart; and of MTessrs. Beadelane Sons, 25, Gresham -*reet. 5llSSRS.-BEADEL and SONS are instrcted to SE bL ANUCTION at the Mart, THIS DAY, March 235 EIGHT brick-ibnult and tiled COTTAGES, situate on Chadwell-heath, incloseproximityte the high road from London toRomford, let at rents amounting to £53 6s. per annum; the beneficial Interest arising from the Hoise, Shep and Premises, known as 8, High-street, White. chapel, held from the vMercere' Company at £50 Per annum, and let to * msb esectbl tean ab£8 pe rnuu~,a PoMic of Asrance in the Equitable office, for the sum of £7T27 lOs, effeted in the year 1821, uponthelifeo apartyaged 60. Particuiars and conditions of sale may be obtained of Messrs. MIcLeod and Stesnning, 16, London-street, Fenchurch-street, of H1. J. Preston, lBq., 10, Aulstinfriara; at the Mart; and of Messrs. Beadel and Sons, 25, Gresham-street. Valuable Leasehold Houses, nearly equal to Freehold, Falcon-square, Aldersgate-street. ME SSRS. BriADEL and SONS have received in- structionstoSELLbyAUCTION, attheMart, THISDAY. the 25th of March, at 12, in two lots, TWO excellent RESIDENCES, Nos. 3 and 3, Falcon-square, St. Giles, Cripplegate vithout, held under separate leases from the Corporation of the City of London, for a term of 61 years, from- Micbaelmas, 1854 at a rent of £6 per annum for each house, with a covenant for perpetual renewal at the expiration of every 1 years, on payment of a small inelet on leasesat the very low rental reversiion to higher rents aft otahe terminruaition ovf the exiting lerasi3es Particulars may be obtained of Messrs. Veuning, Naylor, and Robins$ solictors, 9, Tokenhouse.yard; at the Auction Mlart; and of Messrs. Beadel and Sons. 23, Greahamn-street. Freehold and leasehold Investments in Business Premiss, Upper- street, Islingion, and Holloway; and a Dwelllng-house, AlIsop a- 1 S D. S. BAXER and SON will SELL by SPX AU-,CTION, at the Mart, cn Thursday, April 3, at 12, in three lots, a well-built-FREEHOLD HOUSE, with Confectioner's Shop, eli- gibly situate, 10, U pper-street, nearly opposite the Green, at Isliigton - three Leasehold Htouses, with shops, 45, and 6, Lowndes-place Holloway-oad,a grat torouhfar, an nea to ighbuxy z and i'o=r cot-' tages in the rear;* and a brick-built House, 2. Allsop's-place, Regent'spark,-the whole, producing a rentalof £210 per annum, The seveml houses may be viewred by consent ofthe tenant,, and particulars, with conditions of sale, obtained of MIesss Bouiton and Sons, solictors 21a, N'orthamupton-square: at the Au:ction Mtart; and or Nfessrs. D S IBaker and Son, 107, Upper-street, Islngten.- Commercial Sale Rooms 44, Faringdon-street, one doorfrom Hlbomr. * -Abrolute Sale. -MJESSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL by AUC- J TION, attheir Sale Rooms, as above, on Thursday, Mrch 27, at 12 for I, 0 gross BLACKING, 5 1-hhds, vinegar, Brunswick green, colours, purmice stone, -14 barrels anchovies, mustard, &c.* also the Eecond portion ot a sock of leather and morocco goods, comprising teoa c,ddies, pocket-bootke, dressjng-caaes, watch-stands, desis, shavingboxes, pen and paper cases, and ladies' and gentlemen's pencil-case;3 together with capital household furniture including wash-tands, dresing-glasses, bedsteads, feather beds, bedding, a 6-octave grand pianoforte btyBroadwood, cimney-glasses, mahogany sofas and couches, easy and other chairs, carpets, rus rints, 180 Tolumes of books, watche, Lar. ; also an excellent iron caf-cutting ninchine, nests of daes mahogeny counte,rs, canisters, mills, twro lathes cisterns,cutrdk, ga fittings, meter, As.. On view morninag of sale. Ctlges bda h soeemsi anltI i the auctIoneeri VSCe,% 18, Hto-~dn Theo Librar- j h late Rev. Robert Montgomery A.AL to which is - - added aPortion of the late Dr. amueiflAibbert. EI11SSRS.4S. LEIGH SOTEHEBY, and JOHN ,LAWILKIFlgSON, auctioneers of literar proprad works tUlntrative of the fine arts, wil BELL AIONo at their House, 3, Welington-stet, Strand. on F riday!1 128. and followin day at 1 precisey, theTHEOLOGICAL, scs MISC1EL ANEOUS L1USEN-iI of the late Rev. Robert Montgomer Am_, Minister. of P'ercy Chapel, Author of -The Onnioremoce of tu D1;et," --The Christian life, and othe rPoemx, inciudl works of the fathers of the Church, early reformea and enainent divines, English and foreign, historians, Poets, and pbilosophers, do.; meetly-with hsautograph and M.S. remarks: towblich'is added, a portion of the Scientific aLnd Miscellaneous Library of the late Dr. Samuel Hibbert, Anther of '1 Description of the Shetland Islands," - Extinct Volcanoes,"" Phillosophy of Apraritions," ke M4ay beviewedl two days previous to thakpale, aLnd catalogued had; if in the country on receipt of two stamps. Valuable Library of a GentlemndeesdcopingteFs, Second, and Third Ilmpressions in folio, and 10of the.4to. Plays of Shakspae 1IUIESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHFEBY and JOHN IJ.WILKISON, auctioneers of literar roety and works illustrative of the fine arts, will SELL by AUCPTIO, tbteir House, 3,Wellingtn-street, Strand, on Monday March 31, at 1 precisely, a choie and valuablep rtion of the LlRAIIY of a gentleman, deceased; oomprising the first, second, and third impesIon in foio, and 10 of the 4tW editions of the Works of Shaopere a'lso some capital standard books in English and French literature, and some valuable works in bibliograp coprisig thegoductions of Barbier, Bibliotieca Grenvilliana; together with a, polis,1 me ahoganY boo'kcase, wi!th secretary, of convenient size. May be viewed two day Prior, and ratalogUeg had; it in the counmtry, on receipt of two stamps. Valuable Assembalge of choice Engravings. W~ESSRS S.LEr SOTHEBY and JOHN WLLKINSON. auctioneer of literary property and works illustrative of the fine arts wil SELL by A' CTION, at their House, 3, Wellnto-treet, Strand, on Tuesday, April 1, at 1 Precisely, a valuablfe COLTLECTION of choice ENGRAVINGS; consisting of the works of the most eminent engravers of the English, French, Italian, and German schools, including the collection of a gentleman deceased, comrisng roos fomthebes woks fIandseer, Wilkie, and Turer;chiceprofsby oolei, hare,and Earlom; finescmen oftheprouctonsof orgeu,Desoyca,and other emien .X- Aver choice Collection of highly irteresting Anatiquities. 1IESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHIN JJ.WILKINSON, auctioneers of literary property and works illustrative of the fine arts wil SELL by AUtI,TION,.at their House, 3 Wellington-street, Strand, on Wednesday, April 2, at I irecisely, a valuable assemblage of GREEK, Etrascan, Roman, and miscellaneous ANTIQUITIES. collected by a gentleman during his travels abroad; comprising beautiful Etruscan geld ornaments, including a fibula of te highet rarity, fine Etruacan and RomaLn rings set in gold, choice specimens, of omaniental Greets andl Roman glass, of elegant fors rare objects in silver, including a unique simpulum 12 inches long,in ofh Ratand anti curity;ua Egyptand tabeinuhardptstoe. fpa l ng; Ine yptin brtonzes,oalbeutiful reertvaeandwobust feustaine bonzte, aine other ohi ofL the Amematerial ancet thebyHuseian cyiners andusiget Strofdin Teretad vAlue,lo. ayd heviwed twog dayspro, andI pici,atvalgulesa;i inT the cutry, onBReceip of twoen Rare nd cuiousHooksand Inuciptios.o aeCn ~SSRS S. LEIGH STHEBYand JhirOHpnens tlemn reidin in he ounty, icludng oigial editions of rareCn Tlrantions ofthelaWorksofthFeoreinReomearsi,scarce editionsofthIeb LituricalWorks Romn Catolicand Pr ofaica Bibiny o.raphioget erywintheaesmall Collton of early andeiprant mAntiuscriptso MESSRa3S.a S. LIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN l IWILKINSON, auctioneers of litery property and works conunectved wit the fine arts, will SELL by AUCTION, at their Ilouse, 3. Wellngto-stret,Sisad, o Monay,April 7, aPOtION ofcqey th LIHtAR o th lae ounMarin Es.,auLThor of" eiblogrphcaml Vherylubl inerstngClction of ron n3eare o theian e Antiquities. , MESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN M EWILKIMNSON auctioneers of litery pr ryand works illustrative of the fine at,will SELL by ALU '0I&,' at thei House, 3. Wellington-gtreet, Strand, on WeT eda.April 9. atd 1fpreciniy aay vsub eb,ti of theavry VIntrsIL,Cassupeme hea of theIChuNh fromthe I S.tlately exhibhitelnal-a h collectionassoeer chom-e pratersmotrtsu and siosoftngularly curious, iuodo isncldin ae, Cinerarun and 18therb vass,tgrotesqu eloraueted,l ando rmishcllaneous obj fs Mllay bV,13 ate viewed two dayse o priortio, and caaouefa: fi the cuty on receipt of two stamps.He preent The aluale Clletionof Cinsand edal,no thelteMs. ftehe Diamond of Hel -inArden 1IFSSRS. S. LEIGH' SOTHEBY and JOHN MtL WILKINSON, auctioneer of literary property and works illunetrativeofthe fine arts,.wilSELL byA'UCTIO'N, at their House, 3, atiprcisly th vlubleCOLECIO otCIN vandbl LIERARS, from theucelebrated Strawberry-hilldcollection, alsotsome veryiphsb ptteprnsadperooy of the Engrds serqies,bing gld,ear infodng prfesive-lpound 183, inuthenveryihsttt of pierreseorvtion and wofk the jety withou the giearer,il thEeLvery choce min st, ot theitre laust, reingns, acabietk oftradesmen' toke nsofdte otM7,thcentry, -inumerA aboutofhi m00,snerlyall illustrative ofte ctount of Krent.l smaue Sacan rar Gree coins together with some higture interebsting Ractiqarcians inclsdeingifan sbextra rare andoSacewb giveni of Ares timue ofslver, cabiionets numsembatic books ance. Maynh vinoewe Edaysg prvous,h hand tcatalogue hand, if the counryonreeit saeztof batwor stmpes.o n Thedivaluablte pirryof te lat well.knwnia Woebb,Dtor F,S 1IfSSR. S LIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN IT WILKINSON, auctioneers of literary propet and worl conneedhaedwt the Sacou ats, willnc SEaL bhyw ELy AUCTION tht os, 3 atterHue ,Wellington-street, Strand, sonatrEse.tevarlual Ln May,ane Crembrde; checomprisingo valubl and imporante booksVZG indiinty, wnhiohistormpeand co runtyuoporahy, booksui fof pint health. gallerimpes) ate ant mscac suerbciditionsanof the leis itoariest sands gram-i marns,eileceiotraphy, works,o nasturald historyewth croloured engravings, voyagesad traeels,sbellesavetteendspesd o.uCtalgue the prearing feur-e thernoticem will he dulytivnen. bilatPofo 'eTisluain vvth te propert BofkDtr. ird,frelnqushin liearya forgproessitonAlur-ra M eeSSto nredS.ildEIGHn esoenfotheBYos and JOHNe WILKIbrnSON, aouctioaneessuof histerr r t and workarses, con-iv necntedVng with the fineyartf willrSLLrdbyn SU~t. their Housae, 3, Weingon-Mstreet, Struand, abuttes middies R o May. the reminder ofh Dr. ird' ver selct GEEK oman andassairn Clate, with thewhol ofbinmb rae ad vaube clletio aoforienl eminanuscipt on mthoogy hitor, gegrahy,poery,and s grammar,lathes Theic Pefersian. Captist, and olaseritelanguages,brought fromaiu onre andschi,eentifi sbyjes De notier wilf egienr the timesofnsale foagnifricn assemblage of anient and mod%t~er Enrvns,oh hlgetor as and nter. Futher nhtictsae ast beauty ogimprssonan co andiifoen:theorton eratweLl-bownyolthlaeTor. an,q MIjESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY andl JOHiN WILKISON, auctioneersofliterary_prperty andworks ofat atthir Hobyuse 3 Wing,to-tbereouet,Srn, ealylingtnsMay,Standex taremly cn hoieseetin,b ofralrofte andevauable ENGMrs.LnG, of theg Buancient andodem mtasters,hthe p oerty ofASwEML-kow cofecir, examplesOK arein mos sperbtcondiftion bandn f the ealetsates Jhn avng ben slctedin wit much cae, aste, and completeop ofro the morst ecele-io br-hatesed oletiofthat ghaestbeeny disersedcurig teopyofew yuears,e withs th White, BooexcesiverRsfaeite; by R'sepulhral MorgheurtheAurors i,a super poofpbfor any o lreatters,by thoe sam;MaWryg of LiethesVirgi, afters. the same gapreaof eaitreerrarity; anmerod'sChshproo:te, Threes Sants Virginapr. wthgetheBrd wif Oar Loord,g aond t. Ceiliae, byarcbntion;agv pr viiens Ambuea's, Seaurrey, Boipe quSanwc, by r Wile2(h lattlera in Shrewstate)- MaonmradempS.histo, aslendid aortismt'spoof, by Mller Itn Aey.by ousis, He lertfordsthplae, iH aremark;and any ther of te bet wokseo the aove t-emnt en-ab collctin aso cmprsesthe eadng rodctons of Alebert editiero Visehe, Sydehoe, Bnglem,GarvagiotAnerontiquTosrian Maroutine, Denoyra, ouis TerierFesng a slnde ois, Whaactt.rWillmore Do, ad th woks f oiierartstsof highclebiy, valualbothe ofaloollei incluiong af proofz of thver Fihceyo India paer bforeinanyh A anfcn portionofthe Library of the lateJoni an.a.q M ESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN WILKIMSON. auctioneers of literary proprtyand worksofoart will ih h in rt.w SELL by AuCTION, at their House, ,Wllntn-tet,Srn, Wlgt-sre,early in the seao,byodroflthe vxetry ofc Mrsemblane, of Kings prant'aul BOOKS, bengcoriono the piaelibrary of the . late o - Lane, Faqcomprisin a most beauiful and h cmetcpyafsth firstas edition of hakspare o th hghet rriy~ vey coieacopy wofd Psryne's Re In portafns Copy,eandofl greatr earity; and Dramaitic o Loicterature, ves., n lage aper. iofeexrem rarliteay; poerod'san Chshre, i vus, onlrg haer. tgeathsr withLbyACIO,a thefloigcut istris allse he onllargeo papert, viza., obryn Surreay, Boys' - Sand ich Oeny vr valuableandfimprtantry TurnEr'sIampsire BakPer'ANRthamtnshRe,MBATon' iceserhiTRE, icluttrbding nuertorusiarly Huare'o size th colecton aso omprsestherigna eri-tion of- etheovauabl t-h-e Mecat o Ve-nice,te Sont,10,d. o fthe -fir's-tfoUlio of 1623, annotatedby a contemporaryof the poet; unique Sbakaneartass Todbhacinintiecuty very raretantedietions of the sekpo oUran aihrate wokso HnoSON,a idet-oneeNash, ltand othryof dworkspesoonchied conistlingo them booksil uSEdL for the fis fiv volhesr Hofse Mr. Walligton'stolt Edtiond of Thursayere May b9e viewedltwon days pre Iviousely, eand caaouey a: i theTr hi coLuntry on reeitoia tw TheS vey important Collectind of thIWrslfHi lrn Faithorne, omdb h lateIdetenut-olfele yte aeC Durrant . n o eal Iewoeo efWILISON,e autica one ssoers oflt fo ry ngandwokcn necedwih hefie rt. i S iecLtby AU SELat thei HoUse. Wellingto-street trand,ro 1Freieby each day, the verye cihfoie COLeCT of Medo and-a BtheMdesmotxmpotathwork one those adfirabe arists yra. Thewitrintar S inthe most exqisiternito,Wadhsopave formdtecie.raet ohepricialcoleciosthtav biecen dipese durin the grAter reay. ayb viwedthre dys efoe to alape,ad cataloguespetbad, if i th contryonreciptn ofne two l stamps. fics ubudns BilgbleLoaehol Esate nearo Camde yn-tow; held unde HerttMa- -jsssEcesiasticalomissamionesy for EngandaheBs M R. CJWRTOlndisodrece tog' SeLL, bym SaUn- TION,at th Mart To-mrro Marwch 2, at I1 in five lois Duram-errace,gar-tonh coeioCadn-o, aeach producin torem" n and ofM.C.Wnon ,Uno-outel Broad-street, izeecdhod-tsl TIeatesdn,wit orarso edwLn,a Semi-detached Cottage Residence, Old Kent-road.- ,!R. M URRELL wil SELL by AUCTION, on Mlu-sday, A agenteel semi-detached COTTAGE EESIENCE& WI back and front gardeDS, cc taning.drawinKC dining, mnd breakfast rooms. four bed andV drmsug rooms, *dtcen,Lc.. in plo rL.pair, aud situate 35. GIezvgaUl-grove, Old Kent-road near the LordN eso, held foraloug termyet unexpired. The premlks_f~= bse Viewed, and particulars. bAd thereat ; and et Mrr. jrarell, auctioneer and landagent, 1, Walbrook. Fentoville-Two easehld H ussi Henry-street. MR. URREL wil SEL byAUCTIEON, at arraay', o Tusday ApIl!at12,inaoe lot, a LEASEHOLD STAT, comrisig tw privtehoses,well situate for let- sictr,Northamptosnaquare; at arrwa,s;andof r. urrll,aucioner,ac., 1, Walbrok& city. -Contign eesoayLf neet M URE.Lwill SL yACINa INTEEST f a entlman,now ged 4, povidd hesurvives his wife nowlso gedl,toabaref th ,e-of asale of several substan stia reehol hurases,n and oftherentsbuniltsale, ihghourewel codti. ofRsale ma beha ofEL. W buron EAU lCTItOr, 14, JJ. Garra'waY's. on Tuesday, April!., at 12, a brick-built private HOUSE. in good repair. containing eight comfortable rooms, Eituate No. 69. Cromer-street, Graysl&sm-road, at preset empty. bnt of the estimated annual rent of £50. Held for an unexpired term of abont 40 years, at aground rent. May be viewed, and particulars had of William Melton, Esq.*. solicitor. 6, Bedford-row; onc the premies at Garraway's ; andt of Mr. Murrell. auctioneer an:d estate agent, Walbrook, city. Gra's-un-oac.-hre LesehldHouses adaGon eto £18 ISs Annum. 1I~FR.UXREL MIISELL bv AUCTION, at XUL Garrawys onTuesday. Aprill, atA~ in oneiot,a LEAsEHOLD ESTATE, cooomprising three houses, in Cromnezstreet, Brimswick-square, prodtucing £127 l3s. per annum, and a Ground Benit of -CISl18s per aunusm, arisig from cightbouses in Caroline-court adjoin~- in; eld upon lease for upwards of 30 years, at low ground rents, and islbefounuadvautaeous investments. Mfaybe viewed. Particulars had of J. McGregor, Ezq., solicitor Elsse-lane ; at Garraway's; and of Mr. Murrell, auctioneer. Ac.,!, WaiLbrook, city. Barnsbury.-Tbree Residences and Shop,prdcn ernum 1*JR.URRELL WMl SELL byAed I,a Gara s,on. Tuesday. April 1,atl,nhreos.LAE HODE TATS comprising three coneitwl-bltrsdcs and ashop, of neat elevation, situate 35, 38,and 60, Albert-street.Penton-street ; let to roepectable tenants, at rents amounting to £e28 per annum;- held direct fromthe freeholder for long terms, at a groundL rent of.£6 per amnnu. Mday be viewed. Particulars had of Messrs. W. J. and GI. Boulton. solicitors Northampton-square, Clerkcexwell; at Garrway's; and of Mr. Murrell, auctioneer. 3,1Walbironl, city. Moun-stree; Grcvenor-squars-Leasehold House and Shop : by order of the Executors. Ij4. M1URRELL will SELL by AUCTION, at IV . arraway's, on Tuesday. Ap;il 1, at 12, by order of the Executors of Mr. BeWn-ain Pilkington, a LEASEHOLD ESTATE. comprising a brick-built house and shp with prolectin front, containing goodacodminmodation. admirably aptda. and eligibly situat-e for a retail trade. beingNo. 79, Mfount-street, Grosvenor-square ; held direct fromn the Mlarquis of Westbinster for an unexpired term, at a ground rent. May be viewed. rarticulurs had of Messr-s W. J. and G. Boulton, isolicitors, 21 a, No onmQ -square; at Garraway's ; and of Mr. Murrell, auctioneer Ac., LI albrook, ctty. Very valuable Assemblage of Jewellemy Watches, T00 ~carats of ~DiaJW . mo~~~~~n nds, Ac. R,JOHNSON i SELL, at the City Auction MRoms, 39. Gracechiurb-street, To-morrow, Mlarchi 26th, at 12, a magnificent ASSORT.M=N of JEW7ELSA consisin of large single stone an-d cluster briliant rings, dune emerald b,"rce les eklet, ed trame , breoches, studs. 10D carets of loose brilatseof the first water, numerous gold and silver English and foreign watches, and sundry other very costly effects. May be viewed the day previous andmornoing of sale. Cataloguesbhadat therooms. Goldand oppr MiingShares. ~ R.JOHSONwillSEL byAUCTION, at the - Ciy Actin Roms 39 Grcecure-steet onThursdsy. 27th at , xat im. ,00 FRFITD HAESinthe LONDON Great Bookham, Surrey.-The truly valuabl andcm patFehl Estate of about 50 acres, with a substantialReinc,kons MlllIflcld-house, surrounded by beautiful Gardens adGons ItR. FREDIK. JONES is instructed to prepare the MLL above desirable PROPERTY for SAL,Ein May next, unless an acceptable offerispreviously made by private contract. Detailed particulars wil be shortly published in the meantime orders to view may be had upon application at his offloces,72,I'srk-street, Grosvenor-square. GEO 13R Yi ietdb the executor of m R 'aeMrs. Ruth Cooper to SELL by ALTCTION, at the Commercinl-hall. King's-road. Chelsea, on WVednesday, April2, at IforZ, a desirable-corner SHOP, No. 7 a, Camera-street, King's-road, Chelsea. with ecottage adjoining.let to arespectable tenant,at£0a year, held for 5S1, years unexpired, at a ground rent of £e. May be viewed by permission of the tenant, and Particulars had at the Commnercial-hall; of P. Herbert, Esq.. 20, Roya Avenue-terrace, Chelsea; of Me'ss. Burnet and Kean. 5.Sgerjeant'ihnn, Fleet-street; and of the auctioneer, S. MotoDmb-street. Belgrave-asquare. First-class Flreehold Property, near the Bank of England, for Sae, in two Iots. on the 15th Apiril, R.M SNbegs to notify that. the PARTICULASof the capital ESTATE, kmowpn as Nos. 20,21, and 22, Comany an Mesrs Pey ad Wllims,under old leases at only £680perannm, ut stimtedto rodce n afew years amnuch larger Barnsbu%yPark.--Germine Household Farniture and Effects. PESR. -WOODWARD, BROTHERS, will SELL .,JLY. by AUCTiON, at the large Rooma, adjoining their offices. ParkHouse, Thoruhill-road, To-maorrow. March 28, at 12, a DRAWING ROOM SUIT in walnut wood, 6,-otave cottage piano in rosewood cas, pate ol pintngs pint, mli and rosewoed lco tables musc sool, cair ad sfa oveed n hircloth and leather, Brussels arpts,rug, seelfenersandfir-irns,mahogany four-post .bed- Theoloia anWisoellaneous Books. L. A. wi)lSELL by A-UCTION, at M hR; ouw 35, let-srot,on Thursady andtoflwg days, theTHMdOGCALand KSELNOSLBAYo a gentleman, inclluding Castelhrs Lexicon Heptaglotton, 2 vols.; Sharp' Parallel of Arlcbitecture; reytgs Lexicon Arabica Latinum, 4 TO].. 'FaciolatfaLedoon, 2vols.; ewletts Bible, 3 vols.; Encyclopadi Metropolitana, 29 vols. - Presdent Edwardss Works, 8 vols. Owen's Worksg. 28 vols.: Lsrdners Works, nI Tols.; Bishop Reynold's Works, r6 vols.; Bloomfield's CriltalDigest, 8vols. ; Richmond's Fathiers of the Church, 8 vols.; Wordswor%th's oEclesiastical Biogrsby, 6 vols. ; Arnold's Sermons, 6 TOIS.; Shakespeare, by. Johnson` andSteven, 15 vols., first edition; Ma3lne'sSupplement to Shak-espeare, 2 vols.;Dodsley's Old Plays, 12 vols.; Shirley's Dramnatic Works, Otrols.; PIictoria History of-England, S voIs.; FamilyLIgbrary, 79 vols., &c. No. 143, Aldemaate-utreet.-Inre JohnHiscoDck, Bootand Slice Factor of Brooks-street, Holborn, a bankrupt. M .SA3!L. JOHNSONwiIISELL by AUCTION. ap t his Rooms. 143. Aldersgate-Etreet, To-morrow, March ? at 12, all the STOCK in TRADE of the above-named bankrupt, and some other Effects; comprising 9,0 pDO Irso meit's, women's and children's boots and shoes; also in leather aLnod shoee miercery, 40 stout cropbutt, 1 met lnbutts, cordovan and russet offal, 150 doz. boot frots,800pai blshe upers 16 do. clfkids, enamelled skins, roan anbsals,40 decs cshmre nd hoelinings, 2Sbarrels Americanpeg, asuerir freprof sfeby ollt,a mahogany deskc, gold watc an chin,andalltheuneceped rtilesof household furniture Mabe vewe th daybefre nd mmin ofsale; and catalogus bd o - toper,Req, slictor Chapsde;and of the auc800 dozen of first-class 'Whise, froma Sandeman , Hou-se, being the Re- maining-Portion. of Messr. Ward and Co.'s Mtc.B HN.OO and GAT WORTHY, at the Cellars 18, DuLke-street, Grosvenorsquare Te-morrow, March28, at 32. without the least reserve, ALL the Remaining Stoc'k in T~rade of the above A b. ighly repetble firm; comprising 500D dozen of Tery fie Por.t including sevra bins very old inL bottle, and all of the most approved vinages, and selected with greatest judgment:. also 300 dozen of firstclass Sherriesand choicBeold sirits, ofequal character. All the wines arefWrom Sa -nde a-ndCo.'S house. This stock cannot betoobhighly recommended, elther to the trade or gentIemen wishingt replenis their cellars Also the trade utensils, office fixtures, lamOps, wine baskets, Ac. Catalogues had at the cellars, and of the auctioneers 28, Regent-stree. Samples of the wines may be obtained on application atithe cellars. - No. 20, Priory-road, Wandsworth-road. odemn Household Furniture and Effects, genuine PaintMgs sma ll Lbras-y of Books, andiPate. BNA1TwillSELL by AUCTION, on the Wirendses,20, Prziory-road, THMS DAY, March 25th, at 12 for 1, the gesnuinemodem HOuSEHOLD FUBLSITURE, comprising ironL bedsteads, featherbeds, mattresses, and bedding, mahoganychests of drawers wash-stands, and drssn tables, tollet glasses, lady'sumahogany wardrobe, with l1ate-glass Panels, mahogany androswoodlco, card, and breakfast ta les. sets of mahogany frame chairs couches, handsome Brussels carpets and ru?:s, bright steel fendcrs and fire-irons, chimney-glasses in gilt frames, sideboards. The paintings include a Moonlight Scene, byPrether- tw~o1Interiors, Van Stry ; Flemish7llcene, by Van Elmont, Cottage Ac;en, by Wheatley ; fine gallery painting, Laresse, and ofdhers. Kitehen requisites, Ac. May be viewed, and catalogues had on the premises ; of G. Beale, Req., aL Trafalgar-square; and of the auctioneer, 19, Rydes's-oourt, Leicester-square. Handsome Furniture in modem taste, Cottage Pianoforte, Suites of Curtains, elent Boule Cabinets, Card and Centre Tables, Clocks, Bronzes, an Effects: removed from a gentleman's residence at Brompt-n. IVR. -PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, at his ILgreat Rooms, New Bond-street, To-morrow, the 28th instant, allI preclsdly the excellent FURN-TURE; comprising for the drawing rooms-suites of amnber damaskcurtains forthiree windows,walnutwood chairs couches, and settees covered to mnatch, a dune-toned fulloctave cottage pianoforte, cbimney-glasses, elegant boule, centre, card, andohertabes,ornmenal locs, andlabas,and bronzes, tspanish mahgan diingtabes,pedsta siebord,easy and other chairs, diner aggn. 4-eetsecetay bokcse,nearly new carpets, Ac. ; rooms. -nIznlwxrbs By order of the Mortgagees.-HU, iingdon, near Uxhbddge, MiEddlesex,- 'Without reserve. 1IMrSSRS. HERON and SON respectfully inform JLthe puiblic, the are instsameted to SELL by AUCTION, aLt the King's Arms 7 Inn brllrdge, on Thusda. Mdarch 27. at 2Z SIX mod e-bl it mF I REEHOLD an lng LEASEHEOLD RESICDENCES, tithe free and land tax redeemed, niear the Branch line of the Ux-' bridg and West Drayton Railway, (by order of the Mortgagees of W. CHrdyi_ abankrupt,) in lots, comprising, Two detached Freehold Villa Residences, with gardens, of te estimated value of £45 each, situate inxthe- Cleveland-road ; a desirble nnd convenient well-built brick andslatedLeasehold detached Residence called Rlthorne Villa, wit lage aren,stale,an chisehoue,of the p resumed value of £38 eranum;alsoa dsirale easeolddetached Villa Residence. wit frntandbac grdes,dwaf petandralfence, called Falkland Hous, wlh.cach-ousandsabl, ofthepresurnedvalue of £45 per annm; nd wo ellbuit bickandslaedLeasehold detached Resdenes,caled sbone nd lanfor Huses with veradahs in te ssi, frn n akg-ar-de-ns tateully'laid out, and n-eati-ron palsasfnoe-o te pesmevalue of;M4per annum each. Apart of he purhas moey aBY be had on mortgage. The property is beatifllysitateina dry- and healthy part of 31illlngdon, within a a aortdisanc oftheexcellent maarket town of Uxbridge. and near the RailwayStation, commanding viewso Sre, ukigimaie and the surrounding coutry. Th-e m7ains f te rdeadHlig don Gas Consumers' Companypsthprer,wiciheddr seaaelaeFietfo h reeholdersn atof grondMrents. Ma bevewdbyapy,ing uate ialnd thoue, pandfrte priclrs in the North Riding of the county of York. ~~ESSRS. T. and J. WETHERELL are instruceted M- .to SELL by AUCf2ON at the King's Head Inn, Darlington, in the county of Durhami, on Sijonday, the 7th day of April, at S in the afternoon, subject to conditions to be then read. all that beautiful and Tery valuable and FREEHOLD ESTATE, called Brettonby and Wath Hall, situate within five mifles of the excellent market town of Darlington. and seven of Richmond, and immaediately adjoining the great bigh road leading from Catterick-bridge to Pies-se-bridge; comrprising mansion-house gardens. Ornamental and finely wooded grounds, large fish pond (whic forms thereservoir for awaterTthrashing machine and corn and bone mill), fed by, one of the most,noted trout ktreamas ini the north of England,winding through the estaits from west to east. The mansion, which is situate near the centre of the estate, is-well adapted for a capital family residence surrunded by omnamental grounds and convenient paddocks, exoellent stabling, loosei boxes, with allncesr agrcutusl uilins.The estate contains 5Gma. 2r. 7p. orthre sabouts of rich siamble, meadow, atnd pasture land, l70a. Sr. 33p., being old graass of the best feeding quality, 24a, Sr. S9p, woods, plantations, and water, and the remainder Of which is arable and first-rate turnip soil. It is m a high stateof cultivatlon,and hawvithinthe last five year beenthoroughly drained, ThisproPerty presents great andunusual attractions, being within a ring fence in a good climiate, and in a beautiful part of the country, near good markets, well xoaded and walessd,and divided into conven,ient closes bygood quick fences. The ertztu also-presents great attractions for the sporteman,. having several thriing plantations theren, w'hich afford protection to the game, with whioh itis wellsdcked, being sus-rounded by hurgo estat-es strictly preserved; and, in addition to, the excellent shoetn% and fishin,g, it is situate in the best lint of the Rtaby Hunt, a favourito coert being o the estate. It isaaLd-within an 6asY distance of the best meettof the DurhamcoDunty, Hurworths,and Bedale Hunts. A moiety of the corn tites re ergd i th frehod, nd hererosinder are commuted, Theparchil stesareremrkaly w.Theproperty mnay be viewel on pplcaton o esss. avion ndandrw,tetntsad Brompton.-Clhspel-place--Sma3l L~eAsohodIuve3tment, JRROBEIRT REID will SELL at Garrawa' M Rn.Thuray. Aprij 17, -atI2 a a ASLELOLL HOUSE,NIT ChIPelIPlt neLrl;Mpt suare ~letata&rentOf-*19 19L per anu' .1r4hela forS? Years unexp rdat a isrent at £5. May beLiK e permissionof the tenant, A = had oflessrs.1Nchnl,4 SliidCa iGs2Co~-or.LnOln'-iou; at Garraway' - nd of2.RoetRed ret)lbruh-tet.. Horningloa-roed. Regent'spark.-Well secured Iunreatmentr, l,s e leMat rentgs mounting to £155 per- annum, 1F,ROBERT REID will SELL, at Garrasway's, oij ARVLThrsday,April.17,st12forlprsecoelya&LEASEHOLD ESTATE6 coPrising two Superior residenom stuate 65 and 68, Mornington-roa egnt7s-park; bohlet on leases, o 5toJ 3 Braithwaite, E-r., z; £75 peramnum, And NO. Od which has a coach-house and stble, to Wi Leonard, Eaq a-t £80 perannum. Each house is held for an unex~. Piredl term o-3Years at a ground rent of £l0per annum., The holuse mayhbeviewed by permnisgon or.the tenants.. airticulars may be hal Of Wyalter Barker, Fsq., soliitor, 87. Great Portland-street, Oxford. street ; of Messrs. Holme, Loft ur, and Young, 10. New-inn, Strand; at Gamrway!'. and of M1r. Robert Reid. 483, Great Marlborough-street. Frognal. HaTrupstead.-A F-amily Residence with garden and stabling6 with immediate ~n ~f.ROBERT REID will rF,L'L at Gar,-ava,, o,, kLThursda&. Apri IT,, at 12 for!I precisely, a coryHoLD) and Partly LEAS HO ESTA=T5 situate at FrogualL, within two minutee' walk- of Hamipfftead Church, and contiguous to Oak Hill-park, coHIP-1,ng - comniodious famnily residence, standing vithin a garden. con tvtory,sztabling, and othier out-buildings. The residence, and, Portion of the garden are coyhdofteMnroHapta,suec to fie o deth r aiention, and theremainder is leasehold, suabject to aground rentof.£2 perannium, Immediate possession csanbe hjAY The proprt may be viewed, Particulars may be had of Ivalteg. Barker. Eq,solicitor. 87. Great Portland-sTtree at Garrways; jan Or Mr. Robert Reid, 48, Great MaLrlborough-street. Sidm hare,Gra s-inn-rod.L-A House an~d ShpI ihossin and an Imaprored G~round Bent of £24g pernannum, welt secured. RBPTREID wil SELL, at Garraway'g ifurSday, APril 17, at .12 for 1 prcsey LA HOI)l HOS,with double shop si1tuate No 2-5. S idmouth-street, Gray's-ion. road, held foran unexpire~termolf45 years;,at agroundrent of£16per amonnum and of which immediate possession can be bad; also an .M provedGround Rent of £24We annum, held for 16 years unexpired, and aLmPly secured on 14 mnessu~es being Nos. 15, 16, and 17. Hiznt-sret Bric1-]Aue,Spitalfelds,nMd. as I to 11, John's-court, in the rear, fr the annual Talue of aboutz£lOo. The propet Ma be Tiewed by Permissine Of t-he tenants. Particulars may be hdof Messrs. Wi1son anRutter solicitorg, 7. Symond's-inn, Chancery-lane; at Garraway's; and of a-,-jr Robert Reid, 48 Great Marlboroug-stret. In Chaucery.-` 1'age -a-. CoL"-Leaftlhold Investm~ents. B4gh-stree.- Camden-town, and Marcbmont-street. Burton-crescent. 1iF .ROBERT REID will SELL, at Garraway'g Al(pursuant to an order of the High Court Or CbanceryJl on Thurs. day.Aprill7, atl2 for! precisely, in two lois, &LEASElOLDFP11. PERT ,coDmprisinga Prirateoresidenoe,No. 10, High-street, CamdIen. town, let on lease to Mr. Bennett until Christmas day, 1865, at the reerV moderate -early rent of £45, and held for an unexpired term of 35 year at a ground renat of XS 5s. per annum ; an d a House, with shop, belogNo 27, Mrebmontstreet Butncecn,let to Mfr. Denmian at 70 er nnu, ad hld or n uexpredterm of 44 years at a groud ret of£38136.per nnu. Th houexnay be viewed by per. misionof hers~mctvetnans. artculrsmay be had of Waltex Barer,Bin, slictor 87 Grat ortandstret, Oxford-strett; alsi. ofOcavusLefe Eq.soicto. 0,Ne Bndstee;at Garrway' Piao able. R. EDWINFOX call especial attention to thig very unique article offumrnAuhch wijlbe S0 ) with the Other effects, at 12, Upper Gloccater-p 9on. Wednesday next. It iS one of the only three ever made, For full description,aceecatalogue- Onvxe-12,Up rGlocester-place, Dorset_square._Firjueai Efet. yox of the Ex-ecutors of C-aptain Abbott, deceased, ~ EDWINFOX will SELL by AUMTON oij Il th Premses. O-mrrow,. at 12, neat HOUISEHOLD FU-.TlN. T Efrthebed chmbr, dng,anddsrawing roomsi, a perfectl3 uIon in,tbe u,pitns and effects. On view,and cat;i Northampton.-Valuable FreodProperly, for ~investmen~t, EDWIN FOX is directed by the EAxeeutor of telto Miss Firth to SELL by AUCYTION, at the Dolphin" Northampton, on Monday, March31,at2 for3, acormpRct.-UFBHoLljy PROPERTY; comprising 16 houses, in Beawa2rd-stree!t, Upper and Lower River-terrace - andL a dwelling-house, with -workshop, in Well. stret podubgrents amounting to £12 14s. per annum. Maybhe cul&LPrtmaxslhadof M-essrs.Hughes, earsr, Mast,erman, andI Hughes. solicitors, 17, Backleresbury;. at.:he place of enle; and at MgW Edstn Fox!s offices, 41, Colemlan-street, Bank, Kensal-green Harrow-road, near Pladdington.-very-prime Upiail Meadow Hay, of first-rate quality and colour. B AKER and SON wil SELL by ATCTION, on the Premises, Opposite the Cemetery, at Hensal-green, To-morrow, March26. at 2. about 400 loads of very superior MEA-DOW HAy, 0E theWvey bestquality and colour. Maybe viewed the day prior. Caw~. logues had on the Premises; and of the auctioneers, Kilburn. Arrangement of Sale at Wentworth-house, Mill-hill, Hendon, Middle sex, the residence of the late Capt. mos, H.C. S. BAKER and SON bV~o announce that the ILBASIR ofthe excellent RESID CE, part of the Bed Chamber For. nitwre. the DLate, wines (te Port wines being wRithdrawn from the sale.) linen, de. will be SOLD) on Thursday, Mlarch 27th ; the furniture of the seran~ts' bed rooms, the drawing room suite of bird's eye maple, India cabinets, screens, rare old India, Sdvres, and Naulcin chin, pir. tures, prints, books, kc., on Friday, 28th; And the furniture of the three best bed chambers, library, and dining room, and the carriages, borses and out-door effects, on [Saturday, 29th Mlarch. WeUtworth-house,3Mill-bill, Henidon, 3fddiesex.-Lease of the reat. deuce, elegant Furniture Plate, Books, Paintings, race old Wines. upwards of 40yeparsin bottle, Camiasges, Horses Out-door Effects, c BQ AKER and SON\ bave received instructions frlan JLPthe Executors of the late Cat. Ioo, H.C.S., to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, on Thursdy, Mac27, and two following days, at!I each day, the LEASE of the capital RESIDENCE; the excellentfUrn-iture, in mahogany four-post and other bedsteads and. hangings,. beds, bedding, toilet stands, tables and glasses, wardrobes, chests ot drawers, a drawing room suite in bird's-eye maph, comprising couches, clairs, centre and other tables &o,, beautifual dnia screens and cabi3nets, mahgaznyfdining and othLer tables, chairs sideboards, bookcases. dinner waggon, library table andchairs, ,0 ols,o books, grand piano~forte, 1,000 or. of modern Plate, 80 pitings and Prints by esfteemnedt masters. rare old India, Sdves, andNanin china, chimneyand pier glasses Turkey and other carpets a small cellar Of ver reCherch* winces, including Ports of 1620, Sauterne and Constantia upwards of 513 year inbotle,redand hit Hemitge,Clarets, &c.; china glas~, kitcenan culnaryartcles andheou-doreffects, coDnsisting of ak pai ofver hadsoe yungcariag hoes,superior cob, a nag horse. excllet carece,a ab,haress tw michcow., hay. rowen, ewesarsinmb, Cinee ses ad pgs, oulry,garden roller. dittaengne,tols,grenhuseplnts ad mscelaeou efecs.May be0 vrewdthedayrir Catloges hd onthePreie,ado the ant. B3aker's Bvsfiness. doing 35 sacks weekly.-Leas-, Goodwrii,Fitr. and Utensils, in one lot.-To Millers, Bak-ers, Fiour-Ijctors, andI others.-Absolute and Unreserved Sale. J%JR. PETER BROAD) Wil SELL by AUTIi' Ikat the Castle. Mark-lane. on Monday, March1,t2r re cisely, the BENEFICIAL LEAE of thosecommoiuPEIS , No. 8, Great Chapel-street, Westmiaster - with theGodilfth valuaLble Business, and all the Fixture'and Fittinsi rd,i n lot; by direction of the pro *etor, through ill heat,Priuarst the Castle, and of Mr. Pleter rwesd, auctioneer, 28, Puty Hammersnmith.-'Valuabb)e House and Shop, nearly equal to re) o _-Absolute Sale, with possesson. PTRBROAD wil SELL by AUCTIOX, W-the Auction Mart, on Wednesday, April12, at 12, a, well-bujil_ corneHOUS andSHOP, comm-ndingly situate in BlackLieon-lane, Hammersmith, a fewdoorsfrom the -ainroad: heldfor 85 years froni 1840. at the nominal ground rent of £1 per annum. At present irt band, but will command a rent of £80 per annum. May be viewed. Particulars at the Mart; and of the auctioneer, 28, Poultry. Begent-street.-The Talnable s-sd extensive Stock of Messrs. Henug and Remingtoi.-By SOUTHGATE and BARRETT, on the Premises 137, Regent-street. To-morrow fWedneeday'). and four following days, at 12 for 1 O'clock, in consequence of the retiremient er Mr. Remington, 1iNGRAVINGS (English andl Foreign), IMustrated E124 ooks and Works of Art, Water-colou Drawings onl aI-ntings &s. The engravings comprise a choice asemnblage of J. H. W. Turner and Sir B. landseeir's Productions; a fine collection by the French, Geran,andItlia mater; grat arityfrom the Dresden, Munch,nd the galeies seelie dawigsand oil paintings b.- Englsh nd Grma arists Th illstrtedworksloomprise aceorn.- fleet-street.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~fiee, 2 LouIs Haghe's celebrated Copy of David Roberts's grand Picture, tuie Destructon of Jerasalem, together with the valuable Stock, Idthographic Stones, and Copyright. ~OUTHGTE andEARETw.ill SELL by AUC. K) ION onthePreiss, 37,Regnt-tret,on Monday, March 31. an TIONn, a the BGaery AL4 GallERall PICThursda, infrc w7ater clous bydierton ofaghe, Tr!theDctr a OLLerusalm, opie freoIN, beavid soberts'scellebnt pars,incting fprcthenprpse of ltheollaowing. Thislagniquent wor of ari eorh aGplacer inayOulic gallryo PicturVaestio Wila Creter R eeq. i AESSRSo FOSTber adSN l Sner eLL sbyaten lVIa T ieNwea the Gallepryo, when Pall-all,ongTursdmay,bada March2,aFosbtdiectfions, of te rutes aCLLCaONo IAn Spns,D Tch Fl nleemih ndEloitzn d oPI thReSamoghcwi bofun somUeCelleNat wo Mrks ncl hudigspecimens oFzdy therfolowin mn 2,asters an ther stchoar vOIr- o CRAIOS icoes A.o Ca fne dobe Glaubek froa cnydebrs Bratedgo aoanart eospagnolettop I~tsc.Mengs viwe B hegn Vaingo salen. Caytbeoviewedatwoedaystprior,twheucataloguesumaybeehad atmeeasaa Forstery, offices, 5 e, Palmal. TtGn aeen loists, n tes MESR. R OTOUDBf ELLE and AORRISOwil atEthe T.ReclUI'onIOnn autnteyMr, on Thursda n rday, March 27,a acaiy mone-troftAmerscan plan Ltscaelilas arond rlondirs, Buclders, vetcbea, maakinery, roointsc.maybers vmiewed -a the morigo ae R.LOLINGA will SELL byAUCTIONIOat oth lTs,aPomac ESTATsez of fourehouses, eloigibysituate, o Thempprrihond-Mroad2, andsy near thdab 12y andathort diset,ancte fo hTOCK and shop,siut and big 1L, Pesn-lace. Sot. George' s-road. Southwrk, lt at netrntal f £12per anum. aynb vieed nails prtcuirs ad f It D.War, Be,,solctrm3 quning'st bench-walk Temple;andof the auctioneer, al,oChancery-lane. Thukestree, Grsveno-squre.--To Irumouers f uildrsCoah Premses,20, uke-tree,Grsvenr-sq arenT-moree- SeWardStonC Mills. nMar Chingford, Essex, EISDELL and AS COMBE, have received instruc- tions from the Assignees of Mr. Burcb, abankrupt, to SELL by AUCTION, without reserve, To-morrow, March 26, and following day, atll each- dao, on the Premises, Sewardstone Mills, all the valu. able STOCK in MiDE and PLANT of a COTTON DYER and DRESER, comprising cylindrical printing machines, dzessing machines; winding engine, pressing machine, calenders, dressing reels, copper plato printing machine, printing blocks. hydr..ulic extractor.. water] backs, bluo vats, printing tables. steam boilers, wrolght iroa cylindrical boiler, quantityof cottou, largeeeland other nets, boats, dredging machine, and a variety of useful and valuable effects. May be viewed the day before the ale, and catalogues had on the premises, at Garrawray's; attheVne Hotel, Bishopsgatestreet; and of the aucioneer, Swrdstone, Essex, and Enold, iddlesex. nSeardson Mlls are'sbout one moile ada half from the Ponoder's Endfltation,and about the same distance from the Ordnance Factory Station, on the Eastern Counties Railwy. To-morrow Evening, 26th.-Extensive Sale of useful andOrnamenta. China. Groups, Fig Flowter- ets, l:c ]/[ESSRS. JONES and EO1BHATI will SELL by, A AUCTION. at their great Rooms, 11 and 12, Leleester-street, To-morrow Evening. at 6 precisely, an extensive andaluable con signment of IRONSTONE and other CHENA-dinner ices of thu nleusest pxatterns and emichinets, elegant dessert, tea, co5fee, and breakfast servioes painted in various subjects, richly git, double and single toitet sets. jugs, and thevariousrequisitesfor domestic se,nob`0 vases in soites,-painted and enriched with raised flowers, inuktands. watch cases, Parian and bisquet groups and Jigures. terra cotta anI china lower-pots, anld numerous items for the conservatory, terraces hue. Maybe vlewvedto-inorrow, and catalogues had. Extensive Sale of very superior Furniture and BEfects, removed frora Lower Belgrave-street amd a large mansion in Oxfordabire, comprsing an assemblage of valuable Items, worth the secial attention of the public and the trade gemerally. M ESSRS. JONES and BONHMI sill SELL by M AUCTION, at their great Roomr. 11 and 12. Ikicester-Srtet. on Thursday at 6 to the minute, HOUSEHOLD FURNITuR ot a superior miae; com xing urLwing room suites in walnut and rosewood, parlour and g room suites in Spanish mahogany, noble wmnged wardrobes, sideboards, chefioniers, secretaires. bookcrue. screens, three pianofortes by eminent makers, tapvestry, Bruselse and- Velvet pile carpets of large sires, sets of damask curtains or-nouhi - clock;s, ball clocks, dials leo, card, sets of dining and. other tables,. sofas, large console and e'himney glasses, four.post, Arabian. and other -bedsteads, wi th clean and ouperirmr beds ad beddinlg, three singlo wardrobes, chests of drawrers; m?irble-lop toiitrate and wvahehtands- ith the wvhole of the usual furnishing appliances for bed rooms. hal, kitchen. library, and offices. May be viewed on Wednesday and of sale, and catalogues at the of fices as above.
