DEATIIS. On the ISth nlt. at Chichester, Elizabeth, widow of the late Thomas lovwrey Skelton, Esq.. aged 7-. Oa the 5th inst. at his residence, Frindsbury, Kent, John Atkinson, Esq., in his 58th year. On the 14th inst.. at Antwerp, Albert Maingay. Riq., for many years a merchant of that eity. On the 15th inst. much regretted. Alexander Morrison, M.A., youngest son of the late Rev. Peter Morrison. On the 15th inst., at Offenbach. Frankfsrt-mn-the-MNaine, after a brief iUnesg aged 53, Dr. HeltosIdrfer. honoured and beloved. On the 17th inst. at Stillingtteet Vicarage, Yorksbire, Maria, widow of the late Richard 3roorsom, Esq. On the 17th inst., at Hartley Wintney, IRants, Mrs. Elizabeth Arlett, aged 77, much lamented. On the 17th inst., at No. 3, Theberton-streetwest, Grbson-square, Mr. Thomas Buddo. On the 17th inst.. at her son's house, Catton, near Norwich, in the 731h year of her age, 3Mrs. Sarah Chamberlin, relict of the late Henr-y Cbamberln. Esq. On the lith int., at Ciichest.er, the Rev. Edward InwoodJones, rector andral dean of Shie' Newton. MIonmoulhshire. On the 15th in.-s, at Totnes, Devon, Miss Soper, aged 63. On Friday. the IS:h inst., at her residence, 56, Brunswick-road Brighton. after a long and painful illness, Sophia, relict of the late William WValL Esq., surgeon, of Stevenage, Hlertn. On Saturday last, in his SSth year, the Rev. Thomas Johnstone, of Wakefield. On Saturday. the 19th inst., at Upper Clapton, Constance Mratilda, ged 2 years. the youngest and belosed daughter of J. B. Moens, Faq. On the 19th inst., at the Manor Horse. Thorpe, near Norwich, aged 63, Apollonia. youngest daughter of the late Itev. Philip Wodehouse, prebendary of Norwich and rector of Hingham. On the 19th inst., at Goole, aged 65, 'annah Maria Watson, late of London. On the 15th inst.. at S. Anglesey-place. Southampton. Clara Sophia, wife of R. 'W. Fowler, Etq., of the city of Bristol, and third daughter of the late William Fowler, Esq.. of that city. Onthe 20th inst., at Prospect-hill, near Reading, Wiliam Stephens, Esq aged itt On the 20th inst., at Ticehurst, Sussex, John Brand, Esq., aged 64. On the 20th inst.. at Hawkshaw Cottage, Crieff, .B., 3Mary Ann, widow of the late Francis John Cater, in her 72d year. On the 20th inst., at Atherstone, aged 27, Lurcy, the third daughter of the Rev. Edwd& Power, of that place, of consumption, the consequence of a violent cough, aggravated by osertaxed exertion as a member of the Sisterhood established at NVantage for educational purposes. On the 21st inst., at Edith Weston, Rutland, the Rev. George Cave Orme, rector. On the 1st inst_ of epilepsy. Sarah Ellen, the beloved wife of C. H. ilw en. of 33, Victoria-road, PoHoliway, and second daughter of the late Joseph Bicknell, Esq., of Furnitrs-inn, deeply regretted. On the 21st inst., at l{Cnsington Palace-gardens, Harriet, the beloved wife of John Sperling, Faq. On the 21st inst.. at West Lodge, Daventry, Elzabeth Anne, wife of Thiomas Lewis Gery, Esq., solicitor, in her 31st year. On the 21st inmt_. at his residence. Albion-place, Barnsbury, Mr. W. H. L ansell, of 'hite Horse-yard, Friday-street, in his 55th year. On the 21st inst., at Belmont House, Lewisham, Mlr. John Kingsford, late of Deptford, aged 8I, most deeply regretted by his family and friends. On the morsing of the 22a inst., at 7, St. James's-terreace, Kentishtown, of the effects of scarlatina, Walter WiUiam, yoeagest son of Mlr. Cossaige, aged 4 years and 6 months.
I I LOCAL CHARGES UPON SHIPPING. I This com, mittee met on monday in room :T-o. :l, m Lowe ia the chair. Theexamination of lMr. Heron, ton cerkof mancheuer. Was resnmed. After detailng the vo artice enumeratun on the brass plate whichwa exhibited at the Custom-hose, Lantc merirelynomin0, forwinPoned to saicy tht, woitl n at eock estate, the co Orpation, tp to 1785, pottessed the exclusive reiht of nmasg the docks, but b the statnte of Geore IEL they were for the rst-tineoly w e to ppehon atmad e to be xedcby a jbiu; and by the 6th of George .a bodly of audcit commissioners wer appointed for the sole purpose of aaditing the accomkit a power of veto, however, beii n ven to the town-couneil, wimeutralized the effect o te enactme. This power was not merely nominal, for ia n one cae, in which the dock trustees had passed a resolution wher efyr a g ertain o l IaeoE landc at Toxteth-parl was vested in the trustee, af Qnot in the corporation, the relution was mnulled by the corpo. ration. This decision was afterwards reversed by counsel, ~Another case- had also occurred mnore recently, -when an oppo.itionwasL mdetoratingthedocks. The bill was pro. footedby the vestry of tiverpol andthe dockrustee opposed it; but the petition ws not set to Parliamved i iime to comply withl the stanaing orders. or. Bramnley Moore, who was for a long time the chapo nan of thef dock estate, in evidenice before a committee of the House -Of Commons, had declaredl thAt the first grant of land to the dock esdate had been made in the reign of Queen Anne, Laiterly the corporation had been merely seUers of lana t- 'the dock trustees. The su of 221,851!. was paid. in 18401 forthe presetsite of the AlbertaDock. Witnessrproceeded to say, with reference to the allegedbenefit derved bytho shipping from funds furnishe by the orporation, he shoidbe able to show that the largest portion of the fcun expendedl inl nprovements came out of the doo, estates' rates. The corporation, however, could givemost satisfactory evidence on this head, as witness had not the mens of obtaining the information. There had been a large outlay in the. erection of tho landing-stage at oiverpool (about 150,000), -which was said to have been p,id out of the Toh-dues; bu, in witness opinion, this -was a very tinwise expenditure, because, if the biln for the Birl-enhead tim froementh werehantse this session, the larger oceem s gteaeswolh e abletooe u ton thes o epool,adcne queny thelasincding-stage wratnould mereyberequiredfor the accomodaionof pssegers Winesswasproceeding to1 read theevidence given beforehes an comitteothe Houseo when Mnpr. W so ofbowectredt, anwthehr wasa clearled. Onthe public being re-admitted, The CarAiRA_r; requestedI Mr. Hleron to read the tieti- tion from the oerchalns of Liverpool to the House of Coran.- Mons. By the Cdo witrAht -The town dues of Liverpol were charged swth a debt of 1,000,0004., &whic was due to van. . ousrpersons in sms u ranging from100.to o10,60001. He had been unzble to get any information unnder what acts the debt was ticurred, but the corporation coul supp ythis 122,3211. had been e-xpended on churches, and 18,6 Wo tle imiproverment of Bow-street, which was a considerabln distance from the docks; and couldnot be sa tolhve any. thin to dowittthe shipping. About 206 acrs toflan has also ben purc'hasedlat]lirkeuhead, &c,.,forlSO,264.12s4d., hich hadsinc, ttota considerable extent,beenreold by the cororatodin, at prices aver pwards of d,5001 an acre, owigort the speculation inlnd consequent -upon the erection of the docks. A large proportion of thie debto one miidon might be said to have been repaid by this mesas, andthere was nojustice in eharging any portion of that debt-upon the shipping dueS, as the Dorporation sassumred the position that nothin could be legally required of them in return for such dues. By Mr. MloE5PALL-Me did not at all complain of dock dues or town dues to any extent required, if such were ap.- pe for the benefit of the shipping. At present this was gie donie and alehe askwed as tothat this ahoul be on. tinued in perpetuity. The statements lie had made to the committee were not of course wholly derived from his own expriece,hu behadmae nne orwhich he had not in any degree inaccurate they had a ready means of correcting him By Mr. HURDY.-The Liverpool corporation claimed ana exercisedthe right of taxing everything and everybody, and in return there was no legal obligation inpDsed upon them. In reply to Mr. WATsoN witness said he did not appear' before the committee for the purpose of raising th&eques. tion of the title of the corporation of Liverpool to levy thedues, but to complain of their improper application. From the definition given by Ela4irtonc of the nature of "town dues," and also from the admission of the corporation in 1691 and 1695, he (Mr. Heron) thought it clear that theywere to be applied tothe purpose of keeping up the port and for the purposes of the shippmg. The marNet tols in M=achester amounted to 16,0001., and, although he admitted that nothinglike this sum was spent upon the market, yet. this was not an analogous case to that of the town dues of LaverpooL The tolls were fiSed and certain, and were only levied on those who used the market, and there was more than an equ ivalent given in the accommodation provided.- By M1r. 1AAIDY.-He considered the town dues injuriou3to Liverpool, as tending to drive away commerce from theMersey, and his complaint was that the money had boeen spent in districts remote from the docks, and not for thebenefit of the shipping. By Mr. CAnDwELY-The poliev pursued by the corporation of the city of Bristol in regard to the docks, had been most beneficial in its results. Owing to the competition with Liverpool trade was falling off. The corpora. tion became possessed of the docks (which had previously been in the hands of a private company), and reduced the town dues nearlyr one-half, and they came to Parliament for an act to authorize them to tax the town of Bristol, including Clifton, with a rate of 4d. in the pound, which was. to be expended entirely for the purposes of the shipping - and if this rate, together with the town dues, preducel more than was required, the dues were to be reduced, buti the rate was to continue; so that eventually the tax upon. the shipping would be altogether abolished. This couro e could not befollowed by .Liverpool without a similar applica. tion to Parliament, as the corporation would be preventedby a clause in the Municipal lleform Act. By Mr. VANez.-He could imagine that Milford Haven, might eventually become a very formidable competitor withLiverpool were the dues to have the effect of driving com. merce to seek some otherport. The carriage of goods from Manchester to Miiford Haven might be much heavier than the town dues would amount to, but they must be taken in, connexion with all other charges. There was no prin-ple'whatever in fixing the dues; it seemed to be-" (Get what. you can.' By Mr. CAnRDVW .-He was not aware of a correspondence hanng takenplace with regard to the railway chargesbetween London and Manchester, but he knew that a. trade to a very large extent had sprng rup bet ween Manchester and London, which formerly found its way to Liverpool, and persons had undertaken to forward goods fromManchester to Calcutta and elsewhere, vid London, at a lessamount than they could be sent by LiverpooL By Mr. HoRS'ALu-It was beyond question that no portin the -world had gone on increasing in importance to thesame extent as Liverpool had of late years. Iu reply to a guesthon from Mr. WXTsoy as to what there 'was in the Mumcipal Reform Act to prevent the expenditure of the borough funds upon the port of Liverpool, witness said the act required that the fund should be ap plied for the benefit of the inhabitants of the borough at lrge, and the port was certainly not part of the muicipal borough of LiverpooL The corporation of Liverpool claimed to be conservators of the river, but this had been contested, and in a report of the Board of Tradeit was stated there was no actual conservancyexisting. MIr. Mircnn GiBsoN.-The dues were received in the Custom-hlouse bya colector, or under his direction, whowas appointed by the corporation, and it had been made a matter of complaint before theShippingesCommissioner that persons could not get their goods cleared without producingtheir receipt for the towrn dues. It was ured thisw as a most imp~roper interference. He believed they had no legal authonity to detain the goods, hut thie practice referred to had existed. In answver to a question by Mfr. IIARDY witness entered' into some explanations with regard to the gas and waterwvorks at Mfanchester, and the committee then adjourned until Thurisdy, at 12 o'clock.
SCOTCH CoIaTrn' SThE.-GLAzGow, April 21.- We regret to le'an that this strike continues, and extends -without the slightest prospect of an amicable adjustment. The wages of the men were advanced from 4s. to 5s. per day in Autumn last. Recently the employers, or at least the great majority of them, intimated their intention to bring back the wages to the old standard, and this the colliers have resisted with almost equal unanimity. The men state that coal and iron maintain their former rate of price, while the masters aver, on the other hand, that at the wages of 5s. per day they were prodacing coal and iron at a loss. This state of matters has led to a strike over aU the western counties of Scotland, and we believe that nearly 30,000 men are now idle from this cause. The mastcrs are meeting the resistance by blowing out their furnaces. Already about 20 2 er cent. are out of bLast, and they threaten to extinguish the whole of them. A few hundreds are worlang here and there-some at the reducedrate of 4s., and others at the old rate of 5s. per day; but in the aggregate theso numbers are triflng compared with those who are on strike. Hitherto the men have, generally speak'ng, conducted themselvesinan orderly manner; but it is needless to dispute that such a large body of men, ranging over the country, and assembling daily in masses of from 2,000 to 12,000, is likely to lead to mischief, and calculated at least to excite great uneasiness. The authorities are accordingly taknmeasres to meet any disorder that may be threatened, or put down with 'a frm hand any attempt at disturbance wiich may take place. :eanwhile a detachment of 250 men of the Ist Lanarkshire giment of Militia was marched on Saturdy from Hamilton toAirdiie, the centre of thestike. Yesterday the Cormnissioners of Lieutenancy for the county of LanArk served an order upon the eeomanry cavalry, both of the upper and lower wards, to hold themselves in readinees to support the civil authorities. These two regiments muster 00 sabres. Last night a regimental order, of which the following is a copy, ws served upon every member of tho IGlasgowv Queen's own: Q,=:S''s Ows ROvfL EzOnlIT OF GLASGOW Yxo_uTv itoTKiV-AL ouEi. *"Her fajesty's cOmialselonersof Liutesncay of the county lA,ing ordered the regiment to be in rdinea to m saajid or the ciril por. memabers o£ the cors are therefore directed to see that their anm ae nzeo rder, and heldttheolmselves prepare to tur eutin MArehing ordr (pik inhelet) wihou an deay,upon recelying notito to Stablejaiet, forage cap, and other 'necegearie, to be packed ia "V The drill to be continued on the green as usul "Glaiguw April 20, 185t 67 rder. Tores. PrASOI; Adit. THE EXHiMOiki OF 1851.-The third report of the Exhibition Conmissioners of 1851 to Sir George Grey was issued yesterday to the public. This documnent principaly refers to the exertions whaich h4ve beenLmade to dev'emnpe achools and museums of practical science, and to the cone/titution of the p resent Deartment of Science and Art, The report also touches on 'various incidental topics,
Aa *at LONDON 01ZAXT2 of Teday, .pril 22. BUCKlGEAfA PALACE. A-".A 4 *flhe Queen was this da y pleased to onfer the honouir *I Knighthood upon Willam Henry H"olmes, Esq., of the .vlSrvice, Bfritish Guiana, Te WHITEHAlLI, Arituj. 21. Th hZne as been pleasedi to grant to the Rev. Henry MelvilL. B.D., the place iand dignity of a Canon Residen.- tiary of the cathedral church of St. Paul, London, void by the promo~tion of the Hon. Henry Montagu Villiers, D.D., to the ]3ishop-rickc of Carlisie. The Queein has also been pleased to appoint Francis Offey Martin, Esq., William Davey Boase, Esa., and John Simon%, Esq., to be additional Inspectors for thie purposes of the Chanitable Trusts Acts. ZOAII]D OF TRADE, WHITEHAlL, ApstL 21. The Right Eon. the tords of the Commiittee of Pri Cvuncil for Trade and Plantations have received tru ap.otc frod Hr inaCoutyis Consl a Apii npthion-, HenlKsi. sty ohas dtecre rlaequiring approvesels proceting up thheeo lier arauayto he apial o dclae teirlnationaliandthe ojEect fof theirvst inmdithe tasafner asoa thesadcm l~e lice tation a theeentpnceeof,heoriver Byanordr inCoucil ate Apin t int.very er Mfth tbe ccleiastcal ommisionrs, nit an bi sceulesthere- of ll anos,lans, eneens, c.,excptas in the said schee eceped,nowin ossssin o orin reversion to CO3MMISIONS Si'nedby th. Lon.D-Lix.UmrA-yrOfUtheCounty of NostTnAsssroy. = erylugerford Holdich Hiunzerford. Esq., to be Daputy Iaeut. By thle Losea-L rcys_rAecr of the County of BuMr.IoIrAae. 2d Re-gim,unt of Royal Bucks Tsomanry Cavairy.-Walter John 31at.Rt~ .D., to be Surg.; P.hilip Chetwede Bro-nme. gent., to ~be Cornet. ZyFicId-_Marhhai his Royal Highnesse the WVAsussn Of the STAle- oalCornwa,ll and Devon M1iners Regiment of Militia.-Lieut. ,=ncsHowell to bo Capt.. Tice WVilliams. resigned. .5th orRoyal Elthormeligbtlnfautry Regiment of Middlesex Militia. -Willim Bel. Esi. AdfLl of the 5th or Royal Elthor,Lih n tsntry Regimento aiddesex Militia to serve withi the rank of Cap- Vy the Loa .jLurT:N.Ab-z of the West R-iding of the County of ToltE, 5'ud of the City anid County of the Ci ty of YORK. 2dReginment tLight Infantry) of Wlest York militia.-maior Joshua Sau t ropton to be Lieut--C.L. vice Cobbe. resigned; Capt. Bichard Stern Carrot to be Major. vice CroniPtonl, promoted. By the Loun-LIEUTraNAINr of the County of Dxvo,s. Ist Devon Regiment of Militia-Philip Heatloy Douglas to be Capt., Vilce Fortsceue. resigned E.'ward Drewe to be Ensign, vice Bluett, aspVinted to the Line; Renmy Fitswihian Halifax to be Ensign, vice trat.re-iued;, George Bytes to be Ldeut., vice D)ouglas, promaoted Falconer Cooke to be Lietat. Nice Clarke. appointed to the 5215 Foot : Juhn lanes Ba-the to be Lieut.. vice Tanner. appointed to the S-d HievondIegrsen ofDIIta-onPiip Burnett to be Ensign. to b Ensgn, iceI,tol. rsiged: ober BrntFaweilo bLieut., Devn 2llllisittilery-Wlfrn CrnwllCharles Nugent Culanirto e Se,nd iou..vic Lain apoinedtothe Line. Norh Dvo Reunet f Muntd iifes-John Plhilp Sydenhars By the Loan-iLu uvTuss,T of the County of Miniii.Rsiex. W4thi or Roy al South Middlesex Regiment of llMilitin.-Ens-ign. George WiesHae toh Lieat-., vice lilencowve, promoted; Robert Maglill, :Sent., to be Ensign. vice Compigot. resigned. D3y the LoRD-LIEvOTE_SAirr of thie County Of LINCOLNr. Royal Noroth Lincoln Milta.- George itenxY Burt. gent.. to be Ens.ign, 'dece Keywurtb, prometed- Royal Southi Lfncoln M1ilitia.- Lieut. Charles Telford to Le Capt., -vice Beeasley, decensed; Lient. Arthur Eftgccuiabe Tuke to be Capt., -vice Moore. promoted; Ensign Theodore Ingram to be Lieut., v-ice 'Felfordl. promoted ; Ensign Williamz Barry Drew to be Lieut., vice Tuke, promoteL. Thne fcliowing appointment is substituted for that which appeared in the " Gazette' of Friday. the 11th of April ist. : By the Lian. -LTREerseso-r of the County of LINCOLN'. Royal North Lincoln Mlilitia.-Rchard James Cary Elwes. Esq., to to Capt.. vice Glrubnrn appointed to a Cornetcy, 2.1 Drag-oons. 'T'nis " Gazette" contains notices that the followring places have been duly registered for the solemnization of marriages therein:Rehobeth Ba-ptist Mleeting-homse. Blackburn. Lanicashire. Ebenezer Crhaptl. Abergwilly, Caarmas-thenshire. The Tabernacle. Holy Trinity, Hastings. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLV~ED. Lovelock and Pointejr. Streathani and Dowgnate-hill. indisuhiber mianufactun,trs.-Myers. Corhitt, and Co., Rotherhamn. Yorkshire, stoye masnufacturers; as far as regai,;s T. M3yers--C. W. Steel and F. J. Corbvsuld. Le~isham and Sydlenham.ii surgeons.-J. Steemson -and 1,. HitU, Blucknall-mider-Buthwalte. framaesmitlhs.-W. Dell -and B. carton, late of Arlingzton-street, Camden-town, glass Rainters. _-CIeggn Freeland. ard Co., Rlio do Jareiro. mnerchants.-H. Smithies and COn. lisckbumn. engineers-A. W%ard and F. Rt. Hollingworth, Everton. ne~ar Liverpool, schoolmnistresses.-T. Moss. Ossett. Yorkshire. and it. Mesa. Broom-hall, near WVakefield, cattle dealers.-- Entwisi'o and. Gretn. New Acerington. Lancashire. grocers.- Simpson andl Skeels. Canibridge, woollen dmapers.-Fairbarus and Oliver. late of Lower King-street, Cursmuercial-road. coopers-G. H. and G. I. Hoffmcan, B] argate. surgeons.-R. Castle and Co., Oxford, builders.-E. 0akes, Berirley-hili, Stafford_shire. anad J. Jones, Dudley. WVorcestershire. coatmaster-s.-J. H. Day and E. B. Gridley. Shiepton Malett, <Bornerzeteh!ire, printers.-J- Birch and P_ A. Curling. Great WVinchetetr-7ree-t, attorneys.-Colbeck Brothers. Bailey. Yorkshire, eCoillen snanttfactnrers ; as far as regards Z. Colbec-1- -G. and (0. Fell. inn., West-street, Somers-town. leatherseller.-F. 3Draper, seri.. and C. Hunt, Ieanor, Derbyshire, lace manufacturers.--s,eed and Suddards, Bradford. Yorkshire, and Nor-wich, voolstaplers.-J. and IL. Wells. Rteading, builders-Loeke, B3lacketIt. imnd Co.. Newcastle-upon-Tyne, lead manufacturers; as far as regards t. B'nrnett.-Hughes and Bishop, Liverpool. brewers. -T. Daniel and T. Guest. IMancheuster. Mlanchester warehousemen.- W. S. and A. Rtichards. Tooley-street. Southwark, coffeehouse-keepems -Graham and Lund, ALlerton. or elsewhbere, Yorkshire. joincrs-R. and J. Davies andRt. Greenhow, RuasbonDnbghrecoiatm as far as reards R. Greenhow.-ChalllsadCre,Licse.hses --G. F_ W. .,V. and J. J. Smith. Wati-srt.woeaefres--J. Smith and Co..Bafr,Yrhi.wosesinrsasars regards T. Petty.-R.Srn n O.Bma;a a srgrs0 Smnitb.-H. WNatsnadC. lso;a a srgrs0 mt. -Smnith. Kenned,cdC. hL~';a a srgrsH .H Mlacduff. DECIl,RATIONS OF DIVIDENTDS. G. J. Humphreys. Crown-court. O1ld Bread-street. unde-rwie-rs -dir. of is.. any Wednesday, at Mr. WVhitonore's. flasinghall-stet G.K F.yde. Church-passage. Bassi,~hall-street. sewed muslin maker --firt dir, of Is. Old.. any Wednes.a.thr htmr',_aig I, D. Shields. Lime-street, merchant-first div. of 5s. llid., any iPedneaday. at Mr. WNhitmore's. Basinghall-street. J. B. 'rugnan. Great Tower-street, provision merchant-first div. of 12.. 31.1.. on the separate estate; any WVednesday. at Mr. Whsitinore's, Eain3i~l-svrect. G. C. Long. Dartford. Sdaper-first dlv. of 2s.. on Thursday next -and three followieg Thursdays. at Mlr. Stansfeid's, Basinglhall- s-treet. W. H. Burgess. Miles-lane, 'Upper Thames-street and Clink-street, Southwark. oilmai- first (ii. of 12s. 61.. on Thursday next and thre foTlowir-g Thursdays. at M1r. Stansfe.d's, Basinghiall-street. T'. Hughes. Wednesbury, Staffordshire. innkeeper-first dir, of 4s. I'd.. on Thursday. Mlay],. and any subsequent alternate Thursday, ~a '~Bittleston's. Birminghiam. J. Brown. WVeymouth. leatherseller-first div. of is., any Tuesday or Friday. at Mr. llistzed'. E-xeter. H. H. Dyer. Bomestle. Cornwall, grocer-first dlv. of Cs. 3d., any T'uesdaty or Friday. at M1r. Hirtzel's. Exeter. J. Bowerman. Tiverton. grocer-firsit div. of 3s. fid, any Tuesday or Friday. at M~r. Mlirtel's, Exeter. W. and T. BaUl. Totnee. millers-first div. otiCs. Md. any Tuesday or Friday. at M1r. Hirtzer's. Exeter. i.F Grilbbdll and I'. _Luzcombe, Tavisteck. grocers-second dl-,. of lod., .and second dliv. of 2.s. ld, on the separate estate of R. LU&-combe. any -Tuesday or FridAyF.attMr Hirtzel's.E.xeter. B. Vickers iNewton Bushel. Devonlshire. wine merchant-ffirst dly. -*f3,-., any Tuesdlay or Friday. at M1r. Birtzel's. Exeter. BAXKR`UPT0Y ANNULLED. John Loire, ChetwyndAston. Salop. mattater. BAN'IMUPTS. Charles Stewart Duncan, late of Ch-aring-crors dealer in cutlery, to BaredrIfay G. at half-past I o'clock. June 3, at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor. M1r. Shaen. Bedford-row; official assignee. Mr. {Gralhar. Thomas ryrk-e. Grays.j Essex. tILendraper, MNay 2Z June 5, at U ~o'clock. at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors. Messrs. Davidson and 33radbury. Busiaghall-street ; Official assignee. Mr. Cannaan, Alderman- J"ohna Merlin. Coleman-street. commaission merchant, Mray 3. at 12 -o'clock. June 5. at half-post 12. at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, M5essrsmTerrell and Chamberlain, F.neiaghall-street; official assignee. Idor. Caunan. Alderrnanbutry. rercival F,,rbesJenkins, Compton-street, Brmaswick-eqoarc, licensed victualler.I May 3, Juine 5. at 1 o'clock, at the Bankrupts' Court ; solicitors, Yessrs Janson, Cohbb. and Pearson. Rasiagliall-atreet ; official _nasigne.-. Mr. Whitnmore. Basbaghall-etreet. Joseph Whsiecldin Price, WVolverhampton. commission agent, Mray :3 and 2-I. at 11 o'clock-. at the B3irmingham District Court of Banik. ruptey: solicitors. 'Mr. Smith, Tipten: tleas.s Motteram and Knighit, Birigham,: official assignee. 3Ir. Bittle. ton. Birmingham. Willira,i Shirley. liedaesiord. StaffordLshire. livery siablekeepeor, Mlay 2 and 3W. 11 o,'clock, at the Birmninghamn District Court of Banlzruptcy: solicitors Mesrs Curser and ILnderhill. Wolverbampton; Messrs. Motteram, and Knight. Birmingham ; oflicial assignee Mlr. Christie, Birm ra agia. Joseph Taylor, K-ingswinford. Stafrordshire, licensed victualler. Mlay 2 and 10. at it o'cock, ut the Birmingham District Court of Bnk at 11 o'clock. at theBrslDititCutoBarpcyslctr. Cr.,Camp. Ne-sport; Messrs. Bevan and Grig rso;ofca 3na-u- ir Miller. Bristol. Eaar Rwe and Edlward Rowe, jun., Penzanre. stationers, Mray 7 and 22. at I o'eleek. at the Exeter District Court of Bank-ruptcy: zolicitors. Messrs. Tathatm and Son. Staples-inia; Mlessrs Head and Tenn. Exeter:, official assignee, M1r. Hlirtzel, E;xeter. Williaut and Thomas Garstang. Wigan. coat dealers May S andI 29, at 12 o'cloclk, at the3Manchester District Court of Bankruptyrl- itter. T,1r. Darllagton, Wigan; official assignee. MAr. Hernanian -man. chester. Samuzel Whittaker, MNanchester. licensed victualler, Mray 2 and 23, at 12 o'clock. at the Manchester District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Messrs. Hall and Janion, Mlanchester; official assignee. Mlr. Hernaa:an, Manchester. George 0iredlale. Burnley, manufacturer. May1G and 26. at 12 o'clock, at the Manchester District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors. Messrs. Atcinsons. Saunders, and Last, Mfanchester; Official assignee, ZMr. Fraser, Manchester. DIVIDENDS. Zray 1t. H. T. Horwood. Gifford-trtct, Caledonian-road. marble raperhangings manufacturer.-Mlayl16. C. Coombs,Waltham, grocer. -May2'2,C. Parsons. Promo. linendraper.-MNay 21, E. Squire, King. ston-upon-Hull. timber mnerchant.-iay 28. 1t. Wilson. Kingstonurpon-Hull, stonemason. VEITIFICATIs to be granted ulnlez cause be shown to the contrary on the day of meeting. Mray 15, T. Emerson, -Milton-street. hunilder.-lay 15. B. H. Spark, 33igh-street. Islington. hosier.-May 13. Ii. Palmer. Portsmouth~. liniendraper.-S ay 22, . G1 ribble. Pilton. Dev-onshire, carpenter. -June 17. a._B. Woo,ll,ouse, Leicester, dealer in general hosiery.-May 15, J. .LJeib,y, iron lmanufaturr.' - -" -'- SCOTCH SEQUESTRATION. Rt Gourlio Dalzel, grocer, May 6, at 2 o'clock, at the Commercial Inn, Hamilton.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I enclose for your inspection the most clever forgery of silver money I ever saw. It is a sixpence of Queen'Victoria, 1855; the interior is corn sed of Britannia metal, Nickel, &c., it is then coated thickly wsith silver and struck^ in dies, the exact counterpart of the dies nsed at the Mint. Its weight was correct, its ring is perfect, the engrailment on the edge is excellent; it will not bend, the magnet does not affect it, and the only mode of detection is to examine the edgclosely, when the line is perceptihle v-where the coatin"s of silver meet. ¶fhis'is an important matter; I have passed this coin off si tines for amusement, and I have no doubt there are thousands in the pockets and tills of London. PETER WHELA9 li lsma i 42, Dedtord-street, Strand. On Thursday next Lord Somerhill (the Miarquis of Clanricarde) will move the House of Lords for copies of the reports and correspondence of Her Majesty's diplomatie and consular agents in Italy, relating to the occupation1 of tne te.-ritory and the assumption of the executive G5overnment off the I)uchy of Par;na by Alstrian authorities; and for coies of any communications thereupon obetween Her Mbjes-o 's Goverunment and the Cabinet of Vienna,
MONRY-MABKETan d CITYINKELLIGEN0K. Taesday Eveilng. The quotation of gold at Paris is about 5 per mlle premium (according to the last tariff), which, 2t the English Mint price of 3.h. 10 od. per oz. for standard gold, gives an exchange of 25.29k; and, the exchange at Parns on London at short being 25.37k, it follows that gold is about 0.32 per cent. dearer in London than in Paris. By advicem from Hamburg the price of gold is 42f per mark, which, at the Englsh Mint price of 3Z. i7a. 10&d. per oz. for standard gold, gives a exchange of 13.5s ;and, the exchange at Elamburg en London at short being 13.7pc, it follows that gtold i 0.75 per cent. dearer in London than in Haburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at G0 days' sight .is 109l} per cent., and, the par of exchange between tgwland and America being 109 23-40 per cent., it follows that the exchange is nolnialy 0.08 per cent. against England; but, after makingt allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves no profit on the tdanauission of gold either way between the two countres. The English funds again opened heavily this morning at a decline of an eighth, and remained without recovery up to the close, the disposition to fatness being increased by a general absence of business. Consols were quoted throughout the day at 92k to 93 for money and 93k to i for the 8th of May. Bank Stock left off at 212 to 213; Reduced, 91l to ,New Three per Cents., 927 to 93; India Stock, 128 to 232; India Bonds, 8s. to Ss. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98k to #; and Exchequer-bills (March), par to 3s. premium; (June), 3s. discount to par. The demand for money in the Stock-Exchange was active at 5- to 6 per cent. The final payment on the Consol Loan and Exchequer-bill funding amounting together, to 1,050,0001., falls due on Thursday. Foreign securities were rather heavy, and prices generally show ed a slight decline. Transactions took place in Turkish Six per Cents, at 98i, i, and 98 for the account. The other business comprised-Brazilian, for account, 991 andl ; the New, 1852, 94,; Chilian Six per Cents., 104, the Three per Cents., 69 ; Mexican, for money, 22ir; for the account, 221; Peruivian Four and-a-Hall per Cents., 77k; the Three per Cents., 54; Russian Four-and-aHIalf per Cents., 94j and 95.; Sardinian Five per Cents., for money, 9a}; for the account, 95k and ; Spanish New Deferred, for accoumt, 24and ; DtchTwo-and-Half per Cents., 64 and 04; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 93} and i In the foreign exchaages this afternoon there was no alteration of importance from the rates of last post. The closing quotation of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 74f. 30c. for money and 74f. 35c. for the end of the month, showVing a decline of nearly a quarter per cent. The competition commenced by the comparatively uintaxed French fire insurance companies with the heavily-biurdened offices on this side continues to excite attention. The bill proposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to render all agents of the French companies liable to fines in case of non-payment of duty, and also to declare every foreign policy dutiable wherever it may have been taken out, seems, from the opposition last night to its second reading, to be likely to be delayed, if not defeated or abandoned. It is universally condemned, not only because the suppression of agencies would be futile, while it is in the power of every one to manage the business by direct correspondence, but because the attempt to bring by a vague general declaration all policies within its scope, whether effected through agents or otherwise, is calculated to strike at the general respect for Iaw, since the Government would be impotent to enforce it. Probably some fresh scheme of additional restrictions will be brought forward before the only real remedy of a reduction of duty is boldly faced. In that case the result may be that every week of delay will witness the transference of business from London to Paris, which will not easily be brought back again, so that when a reduction of duty is ultimately resolved upon the amoumt on which the lower tax is to be levied will have been needlessly dinmnished, while the profits of English companies will also have been damaged. Already numerous policies with French offices are believed to be in course of completion, and there is certainly nothing to warrant the idea relied upon by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that the public are indisposed to place faith in those establishments. The fact that their business in this country must depend solely upon their maintaining a reputation for liberality will be sufficient to prevent them from contesting any claims that would not be equally disputed by an English office, while, in case of a necessity for law proceedings, there will be as fair a prospect of justice in one country as the other. Underthese circumstances allthat assurers will care to ascertain will be that the offices they select have been estabElished sufficiently long and have enjoyed a business large enough to give certainty as to their general capacity. On that head the following table of the operations of the principal French proprietary companies for 1852 will leave little doubt. They are the last returns that have been received here, and since their date each company has most probably experienced a large progressive increase:- At a meeting of the North British Australasian Company, held to-day, the report, after a lengthened discussion, wvas adopted. The profits from pastoral and trading pursuits have been 9,8731.; but, owving to heavy losses incurred through attempts to develope the mineral property, the directoros are unable to recommend a dividend. The shareholders urge a general reduction in expenditure, with the view of placing the company in a more satisfactory position. The Bank-ers' Magazine furnishes the returns of circulation of the private aud joint-stock banks in England and WVales for the four weeks ending the 15th of March last, and gives the following as the average wee;dy circulation of those banks during the past month-viz. Private banks. ... ... 5 Joint-stock banks ... ... 2,993,542 Average weekly circulation ... ...£6683,083 On comparing the above with the retumns for the preceding month, ending the 16th of February last, it shows- A decrease in the circulation of the private banks of ... .. ... ... ... 09,00 An increase in the circulation of the joint- stock banks of ... . ... ... ... 12,938 Decrease on the month .96,067 And as compared with the return for the corresponding period of last year-viz., March 17, 1855, it shows- Decrease in the circulation of the privato banks of ... . £55,072 Decrease in the circulation of the joint- stock banks of ... ... ... ... 38,n5 Decrease on the year ... ... ... £93,787 On comparing the above with the amounts of the fixed issues the following appears to be the comparative state of the circulation:- The private banks arebelow their fixedissues £881,390 The joint-stock banks are below their fixed issue.s ... ... ... ... ... ... - 322,601 Total below their fixed kane ... £1,203,991
TENAXT-RiGT T (ItELAND) Biu.-A bill has bceen brought in by Mr. Moore and Mfr. Magure " to provide for the better securing of and regulating the custom of tenant-right, as practised in the province of Ulster, and to secure compenaation to improving tenants, who may not make claim under the said custom, and to limit the power of eviction in certain cases." All buildings and improvements producing increased value, and n3ade at the tenant's cost, are declared to be the tenant's property, and no teant can be evicted without being paid for his tenant-right (where the custom exists) or the valuo of the improvements. The claimant must prove the increasd value created. Disputes may be settled by arbitration, or elsereferred to the assistant-barrister at. quarter sossions (with respect to claims not exceedino 10.) Where the claims exceed 1001., the referee will bethe jibge of awtize. 8Adry other provisions olTQw,
I P4ILWdY AND ZMININGSHARKSO. I _ Taesa^y Evenlng. There was diminished activity in the railwaymarket to-day, but quotations on the average were fairly supported. French and Belgian shares werecomparatively steady, although prices in some cases were less firm. Indian descriptions continue to be purchased for investment. Mining secUrties were rather more freely dealt in, but little alteration occurred in Australian land or baniing shares. Bank of Egypt closed 11 to I pm.; Ottoman Bank j1 to i pm.; Western of London, 3i to 2J dis.; London and Paris, Si to 2 dis.; Aliance Bank, I to i dis.; National Discount Company, i to X pm.; Riga Railway, i to 1 pm.; and Lombardo-Yeaetian, 61 to - pn. ORDINARY SIIARFR AN=. R¶'-.:Q
TBADE REPORT. Toesday Evening. SUGAR.-We have had a brisk market to-day. At the public auctions there was considerable animation, and the whole of the 20,035 bags put up found buyers at and after the sale, in most instances at 6d. per cwt. advance, and the grainy sorts at rather more money. The following are the particulars:-17,837 bags of Mauritius-low to fine brown, 35s. to 40s.; low to good yellow, 41s. to 44s. ; crystalized, 42s. to 45s. 6d. 1,225 bags Cossipore, middling to good yellow, 43s. to 43s. 6d. ; fine white, 56s. 962 bags white Benares, good and fine, 45s. Gd. to 46s. 6d. Of 1,270 hogsheads West India a part was taken for export. There wili be no public sales to-morrow. COFFEE.-The market is steady. At public sale to-day 420 casks 500 barrels and bags plantation and 940 bags native Ceylon offered. Of the former about two-thirds were disposed of at 60s. to 64s. for fine fine ordinary gray to bold colom-y; of the latter about one-third, at 51s. for good ordinary. 250 half-bales Mocha realised 80s. to 82s. 6d. per RICE.-About 4,000 bags good pinky have been sold on the spot at 8s. 9d. SALTPETRE.-No transactions. Coomarus .-Ninety bags in public sale went off without any alteration in prices ; 40 bags Teneriffe silver, ordinary to good, 3s. 10d. to 3s. lld. per lb.; 10 bags Teneriffe black, 4s. Id.; 37 bags Honduras silver, small to good, 3s. Sd. to 4s. ; and 3 bags Mexican black, 4s. per lb. SAEMLOWsER.-169 bales bought in at extreme rates; low ordinary to good middling, (s3. to 120s. per cwt. TALLOW.-The market has been quiet. On the soot the price is 47s. to 47s. 3d.; for the last three months tbe quotation is 46s. 9d. LrATHER AN-D HIDES.-The market has been well supplied with fresh leather to-day. An active inquiry existed for light butts, offal, and shoulders; kips and skins of all averages were also in good demand at fully late rates. In heavy butts and dressing hides the sales were unimportant. Markethides were without alteration.
! T CEACERy ComiSssrox.-The third report of Her Majesty's Commissioners appointed to inquire into the process, ractice, and system of pleading in the High Court of Shancery, was published yesterday. It forms, with the minutes of evidence, a blue-book of 200 pages. The comnmissioners report that the Common L;aw Procedure and the Chancery Amendment Acts have so widened the ground common of the jurisdiction of the courts of law and' equity that it has appe.red to them uselesg to prosecute their inquiries on the general subject of the jurisdiction of the courts, until the effect of those changes has been more fully ascertained. They have, however, arrived at the Mdnclusion that it would be expedient further to extend the 3urisdichton of the courts of equity in cases in which the courts grant equitable relief, but in which the relief cannot, according to the p resent course of the court, be extended to the final settlement of the dispute between the parties. j (Advertisement. Part L, price 7d., of the re-issue of the grat educatiovahwork, * CeaBel's Popular Educator," will be redY rith the May magazines This admirable Publication is edited 1 by Professor wailace and is profusely illustrated. It is indeed too well known to need further description here, more especially as iYis being Tery oxtensiTely announced in detall eLsewhere. It i5 being issued' also in weelilynnussrs at 16.. each, of which above 30,000 are sold. bThe wvork mnay also be bchi eutire ins 6vol. 4s. 5d. each, or in 3doube role., 8; . each, containing a complete educational course in xt3eef.. Every'famnily and everysc3hool should possessthis inestimable wsork. The firstS ols. ae published on inferior paer at3s. 66..each, or complete inS v ol., 9s. 6dI London: W. Kent snd Co., 51 and 52, Paternoster.rew. publis3hers ot Calssell's educattonal ani other works ; auS Icay be bad of all boobscUgrs 8ud liiwSsiu in the kindom.
THE PUBLIC HEAH. (From the Registrar-General's Return.) The rate of mortality declines as the temperature rise3 with the beginning of the spring months. The deaths in London, which had been in the two previous weeks 1,284 and 1,115 respectively, fell last week to 1,043. In the oorresponding weeks of the 10 previous years, 186-55, the average number was 1,05L The same rate of mortality in thepra. sent increased population would produce 1,156, and a comparison of the real with the estimated result shows a difference in favour of Last w6ekto the extent of 113. While the population of the metropolis lost 1,043 lives last week, the registration of birthis shows that ,887 children were born, sufficient to supply the places of the dead, and increase the number of inhabitants by S4. - The deaths of 563 males and 480 females. were registered. 238 boys and girls died without completing their first year; at the other extreme of life 35 men and women died who were 80 years old and upwards. Two aged persons, both widows, one in Somers-tomm and the other in Clapton, attained the respective ages of 94 and 96. Typhus is more fatal at present than any other disease in the epidemic class. It numbers 56 cases in the week. Elevendeaths occurred in the London Fever Hospital, Al, except two, stated to be from that disease... Four seamen have died of typhus since the 9th inst. in the Dreaduought h1ospital ship. Whooping-cough carried off .39 children (almost half of whom were on the south side of the river), croup 14. Measles was fatal in 33 cases, scarlatina in 27, smallpox, in 13. Four of the deaths from measles occurred in St. George's Infant Poor-house, Lewvsham. Two children died of scarlatina at 75, Buttesland-street, Hoxton New-town; and another child is suffering from it. The attention of the medical officer of the district may be directed to the state of this house, the occupier of which complains of "the awful stench" arising from bad drains, to which cause he attributes the disease that destroyed his children. Two boys died of choleraic diarrhcea, one in Brook-street, Holborn, the other in St. Clement Danes, in both cases after illness of short duration. Only 8 cases of " diarrhma?' are returned. One person died of intemperance; another of destitution; 3 from carbuncle. Last week the births of 923 boys and 964 girls, in all 1,887 children, were registered in London. In the 10 corresponding weeks of the years 184M55 the average number was 1,519. At the RIoyal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the barometer in the week was 29-856 inches. The highest reading was 30-13 inches, which occurred on Saturday. The mean temperature of the air in the week was 46 deg., wlhich is 0-1 deg. below the average of the same wee' in 38 years (as determined by Mr. Glaisher). The highest reading of the thermometer in the week was 65 deg. on Sanday (the 13th), and on that day the meanwas 52-9 deg., or 7-4 above the average. The temperature then declined, and after Tuesday the mean was below or not higher than the average. The lowest in the week was 32 deg. on Thursday. The mean dewv-point temperature was 37-2 deg., and the difference between that and the mean temperature of the air was S-8 deg. The highest temperature of the water of the Thames was 53 5 deg., and the lowest was 48-3 deg.; the mean of the week was 50-8 deg. After Sunday the wind blew from the north-east, and from the north or east. The amount of rain was 0-17 in. which fell on Monday and Tuesday.
THE CA TASTPOPHE OF THE PACIFIC. STATEMENTS OF ThF, SPTPTUT-.APPv.T? (From the Spiiritucd WeTera7IlhI The spirits not unfrequently disclose important events before they transpire, and we have several times published such prophetic statements in these columns. In several instances the truth of their predictions has been realized in the most signal manner, as was the case in the remarkable fulfilment of the NTapoleon prophecies, given to Mr. Coles of Williainsburgh. Through a great number of media the spirits have predictedl or affirmed the loss of the steamship Pacific, and the fatal disaster with its terrible details has been represented with fearful distinctness in presence of many witnesses. The subjoined account from Mr. S. W. Brittan, a merchant of this city, embodying the results of several interviews with spirits on tbis subject, can hardly fail to awaken an interest in the mind of the serious reader. MR. BRrrTOX'S STATEMMT. " On the evening of December 23, 1855, while the writer Mas engaged in conversation with several friends who had assembled in the rooms of S. B. Brittan, at the Tremonthouse, in this city, Mrs. Harriet Porter (one of the best medinms I have ever known) being also present, was employed at the time in making magnetic passes over one of the editor's daughters, with a view to remove a neuralgic pain in the head. The writer was sitting near the parties, observing the movements of Mfrs. Porter,when the latter suddenly turned ronnd, and said, with peculiar emphasis, 'You have asked for a test, I will now give you one; the steamship Pacific will be wrecked anF all on board will perish. Put that in your pocket and keep it for a test.' The spirit purported to be my son Edward, and, on my inquring for rthE r particulars, he added, ' I will tell you nothing more now; there will be an excitement on the subject, and vou will come to see me again. There will also be a report that she is safe, but it will prove to be false.' "There weropresent on the occasion Mrs. S. B. Brittan, Emma Frances Jay, E. Virginia Brittan, Mrs. Wells, Mr. and Miss Vail, the medium and myself, any one of whom will verify the truth of the foregoing statement. I have stll} in my possession the original memorandum, on the back of which is the- following endorsement, made at the time the communication was received:-' Spiritual prediction gien through Mrs. Harriet Porter, D?ecember 23,1855.' Soon after the announcement respecting the loss of the Pacific was made I communlcated the same to the editor of the Telegraph, and to Mr. Charles Partridge. Subsequently, and before any apprehension of the loss of the Pacific had been awakened, I mentioned the subject to many others, and exhibited the memorandum to some 20 persons, including several who had little or no confidence in the claims of spiritualism. The names of the persons here referred to can be given if necessary. "Sometime after the occurrence of the circumstances already described, and when the arrival of the Pacific was beginning to be looked for, I again visited Mirs. Porter at her residence, 2To. 109, West Twentyfourth-street. In the course of the interview some remark was made respecting the Pacific, whereupon Mrs. Porer, speaking with unusual earnestness, said, 'The Paci5c is lost, and all on hoard have gone to their long homes.' "At a stiU later date the writer called on Mrs. Porter early one Saturday evening, when the Pacific had been out 30 days and the Atlantic 17 days from LiverpooL Our inquiries respecting the fatseof the missingsteamers were answered by the emphatic assurance that the Pacific wai; lost, but that the Atlantic was safe. At 10 o'clock. the same evening the Atlantic arrived and thus was verified the statement respecting her safety. The next morning the report was nwidely circulated and generaUy credited, that for some cause the Pacific had run into the river Shannon, and was still safe. Before the re,port was contradicted I saw Mrs. Porter yet agin; the spirits would neither retract nor modifywhat theyhad said respecting theloss of the steamer; but they were particular to remind me thatthey had, on the occasion of the first interview, predicted that such a repart would obtain currency. "iNot many days had elapsed -when the writer of this agai found himself at Mrs. Porter's table; the company on this occasion consisted of 12 persons. We had been seated but a short time when the medium was entranced by a spirit who said his name was - Faulkner, that he was purser on board the Pacific, had a brother in New York who was a silversmith, &c. In reply to questions propounded by the writer and others the following additional particulars were elicited:- " ZWhen six days out the Pacific strack an iceberg, at 11 o'clock on the evening of January 29, andvery soon went down, stern foremost. As the vessel sank, three persons escaped from the wreck and found a temporary resting lace on the ice, but they were subsequently frozen to .seath. It was farther alleged that there were 48 passengers on board-40 men and 8 women ; that, at the time of the catastrophe the ship was in latitude 460 north ; that the captain was at fault in taking the course he did, Iiis object being to make a quicker trip than the Persia, which was then on her first voyage. In the course of the evening-the medium being entranced-the heartrending scene was graphically represented ; the general consternation, the wild tumult, and the frantic prayers to God for deliverance, excited intense and solemn emotions in all who were present. " Since the utterance of the orizinal prophecy respecting the loss of the Pacific the writer tas had at least a dozen interviews with the spirits through Mrs. Porter. On all occasions they have maintained a general consistency, and no important discrepancy thus far appears in their statements. Hadthe undersigned anticipated the publication of these facts many additional particul3ars might have been preserved; but they were not noted at the time they transpired, and I cannot readilyrecall them at this late day with sufficient clearness to wrrant a more circumstantial description." I W. Brznt." zimuiar representations ot tee toss ot the raciic have recently been given through other channels, but we know of no other instance of a definite prophecy on this subject having been made at so earlya date as the 23a of December. Spirits from the doomed ship have purported to be present on numerous occasions, and in presence of many witnesses have given carious, interesting, and satisfactory procrs of their identity. When the Pacific had been out some 30 days Mrs. Porter was one day visited by two strange ladies, who on entering her rooms -ave no intimation respecting the specific object for which they sought anSinterviow. They had not beeulow seated at the table before the special purpose of their vhit .Wasmade known by anwvisibleinteligence. A spirit said, i substance, through Mrs. Porter, "I was an engineemon board the-Pacific; am your brother; I was the mnainutiy of the family; don't tell mother of this yet. T'ne T a cifl is lost, but I am here. Samuel HIavens."~ On 'the rseip. of this communication one the lad ies gave way to suiden ani painEul emotions. She acknowledged that Ehe had a brother By that name on board the Pacific, aDd -that he was employed. inthe capacity of engineer..- THE ATTENfPTED AssSSarnAmIoN, IN RuPERT srkEET.-The detective officers r;ossess information which -leads-them to suppose that the aprassin, Foschini, ii secreted in London. 1 He is so closely watched both by day =dnight that the slightest movement on his part would tend to his cature; and it is hiuted t1.at the offer of a reward will lead to his immediate apKe.Irasion.
THE COMlrMON SENSE SOLUTION OF THE CETVRAL A.LEBICAN QUESTION. (From the New York- .rn7dwr I The "Central American Question" comprises three points only entitled to serious consideration - 1. British pretensions on the Mosquito shore. 2. British assumption of sovereignty in BeIse; and 3. The occupation and colonization of the Bay Isnds. Now, as regards the Mosquito shore, without going into the question of the alleged protectorate, we all know that the only real motive which Great Britain had in reviving and giving force to her pretensions there, was to obtain possession or control of the porb of San Juan del Nort, wvhich it had teen erroneously supposed was the key to the line of communication between the seas. But when Palmerston failed to obtain possession of the corresponding position on the othcr side of the continent, and when the influx of Americans had converted San Juan into a defacto Anerican town, then British interest in the Mosquito King began rapidly to decline-to such an extent, indeed, that we know MIr. Cramnpton had agreed to the terms of a convention with Nicaragua, by which the authority of that State was to be again extended over the coast, and the so-called King was to retire on a pension. If this arrangement was not catried out, it was because of the occurrence of wellknown events which need not be recapitulated. Hence it follows that no real difficulties lie in the way of the adjustment of the Mlosquito issue, in the Central American complication. Let Nicaraga give "George William Clarence" 10 dollars a month, and make San Juan a free port, and that question will be permanently disposed of to the satisfaction of everybody. Next, as regards Belize. There is no doubt, apart from all mere technical questions of right, that-the British establishment there has been a benefit to the world. It has introduced industry and a relative civilization on a coast which, if left to Spanish influences alone, would still have rcmained in a state of savage nature-the congenial retreat of tapirs and alligators. N7o one on this side of the Atlantic would seek to disturb, much less to reverse, this state of things, so favourable to commerce,andgenerally so beneficil to Central America itself. It is true, wide and unwarranted pretensions to *djacent territory have been set up by the Governors of Belize. Were these to be relinquished, as they should be, no objection could rationally be offered to the permanent occupation of BeEze by the people of (Great Britain. We come now to the real, substantial issue in the whole controversy,-viz., the occupation and colonization of the Bay Islands. In the first place, it is demonstrable, and it has been clearly demonstrated, that Great Britain has no shadow of a right there. The act of colonization took place two years after she bad solemnly pledged herself not " to occupy nor to colonize any portion of Central America." Fubrthermore, as the nation which possess a vital interest in having the Isthmus highw.-ay between her Atlantic and Paciaic possessionsfree from the domination of any great, maritime powver, the UnitedStates has a right to insist that GreatBritain shaUl not make use of false pretensiors,or even of doubtful rights, to obtain commanding positions on the line or on the flanks of that highway. The interest which the United States takes in this matter of the Bay Islands results from the paramount instincts of national safety. She has, too, an interest resrlting from the terms of the convention which she made with Great Britain, in which the United States renounced all purposes of acquisition herself, in order to leep the Central American Isthmus open to the world. But still this issue is primarily and legitimately between Great Britain and Honduras; the latter claiming the right, and the former exercising the fact, of sovereignty over these islands. Nvow, there can be but little doubt that if Great Britain were to generously restore these islards to Hionduras, that Rlepublicwould readily recognize all rights of property and of interest which have grown up under English occupancy, and furthermore, concede to the actual inhabitants such municipal rights and powers as should practically constitute them an independent community. In thin mannerEnglaud would receive thecreditof fairness, and obtain consequent influence with. .the State to whom the atonement would be made; while the most important issue in the whole Central American controversy would be finally withdrawn. We have reason to-believe that influences, not originating with either the Government of the IUnited States nor with that of Great Britain, are at work to efecb this result, which is one of deep. importance, not lesa in view of the disposal of a cause of dispute-than in depriviua captious Premiers and noisy demagogues, on both sides of the Atlantic, of the means of disturbing the repose and embittering the relations of their respective countries. The common sense and plain intelligence of the public will see at once that there is no reason for prolonging this dispute, and that its settlement can be effected, on the basia above indicated, with no sacrifica of right or of honour on either side. Let the people, therefore, look to the matter for themaselves, and see that the settlement be made.
TO TH:E EDITOR OF THE TIMES Sir,-In the debate last night in the House of Commons on the defective mortars supplied to Her Majests Gover' ment by Messrm H. and AL D. Grissell, of City-road several hon. members, as reported by you, incorreetfy mentioned my name in conjunction with that of my late partner, Mr. Grissell, off lorbury-park, as being the contractors for the mortars referred to, Allow me to correct this error, and to say that neither my late paTtner nor myself have any interest in, or connexion with, the firm of Messrs. H. and M. Di Grissell; at the same time I may be permitted to state that, from an intimate knowledge of Messrs. H. and Mh D. Grissell, I beainee them to be quite inca ab1e of any intentional fraud. & XopMORTON PETO. tkreat.Aeorge-street, Westmimter, Aprii 2? . -
SOrxrio tmX (l.;ms S~csixAC.z-One-6f the most astonishing instances of the sabaityo the dog.. transpired this morning which ever came to sr r knowledce. he wMehsrl. Staude,. thbacconists, I'o. :7 Congress-street. closed their store last sveningt.leai tae3r favorite New. foundrhnd inside. This morning, on. openn the store, tho, stood in the hack roc:a was fomdi to.bea fire, snd the dog- alabouring with j ;is fore feet aEd htryingto subdue it. Apale ofa te w erhich stood.lthe rnom hal been oured downthehole. isepyfaithfnu ix"ern haU so suocessfll; ccmbati the fre as efo prevent ibs arextdinm chyorid a so t or three feet square. f aithf lo r the noble fellow. h stood sentinel and fought daw-n toAe advancing flames. canA njy be conjecTred;* it mushave been sevesal hours. His feet, legs, anrdn:onth web badlyburned,and it.is,h~ared that he is serbssly injured internally by irAhwA;ng -t,eho nt air. Ee ref-uses food, and is anarently in much wai. Wa trust the sariAciouAs and faithfti creature is not dserously injured. !TSis is the satme _o which discovere; ixse m3n Lally on he ice afew 'wees s:nce. He is woth %ia weight in gold, anld may safely be prononuced the wobiest of h:i race.-2roy -Daily rl'he, April 3. ROYAL COLaEaR OF SURGEO.3NS.-7e followmif gentlemen, having tindergone the necessaryoxawninations for the diploma, were admitted members oe the colege at. the meeting of the Caurt of Examiners on ihe,i.st inst.:-Ilee3rs no'bert Fergason, Passage 'Vst. CkoA Edward Septimua Earle, Charterlbouqe-square; Willian Groomn, 'Vis=ehn, Cambridgeshire; Frederic Heonsy Morris, Cheisenliham; Owven Davies, Cardigan; Chavle, Lgeron Fitagerald, ficeater, Oxon; Walter Ja WesWinn, Oxmoriistre, Manchesa ter; Edwin Reynolds (Ohick, Manchester; Jobmu W-iiaos, Llanerchyiuedd, Auglosea; and Edward D)rnuiss Moore, Eh,ir,iii3arn.
G IRAND NAVA-L REVIEW.-Screw Propeller.- _ SMLTL8 TPESTMUNIfA.E. FI5ND.-The Provisonal committee Ct the abov Fund feel thAt thiey canmot allow the approaching display or naval power to p asaoer. exeiting as it does the prido and interest of all ci,,s.ee of theirwountryinen, without again appealing to general sym- sty in fAvour of the gentleman from whose talents and labours b3a Waee directly derived the peculiar efliciency of that magnificent foree They feel blunad to Point Out thlat every vessel of that force, from the three-dockcer to the gunboat, owe; her special capability, whether -fr ocean warf are or for Coasting operations, to tho successful applic&. tiom of an invention wshien. though long known and often. tried, had b,en generally recrarded as impracticable. In tho ye-ar 183. hawever, the practical art of screw navigation was commenced by the linit voyage of the Archimedes, the Anrt ocean screw ship. And the fleet now arsernbled at Spithead, as well as the entire scire Nary of Euglan'l-ship after ship, and clasi after class--from the B.attlr to the Duk:e of Wellington-is not ILes the direct reult of the trials ad voysges of the Archimedesi. thaO was the oi'in and sucess of the Axehaimedea herielf.the direct result of the indomitable persver. aure and courage of Mr. F. P. Smith. whose instinlcttv'e conviction snd determination that scrw propulson could and should be made to rsscauy ognanatf te fats onnetediththe introductloll and develpn the capahiLities of th screw, tecaonAtcaesnil that thielrshave beenattcnded as yet with a succeas very inadequate to the merits of the case they now advucate, and while expressing their thanks to the man'y influential gentlemien whose znames, and sut,scriptiou so greatly aid thenm in urging the elainms of Mir. smith as a national benefactor, and whleU gratefully acknowledgiag the recent sinpp)rt of a pension. graciously awarded byv Her Majesty for his servics in specisl coninexion with the na"v7, theY itli believe that there sre many of their coiaitry~inen. in all raniks and claISse, to wrhose poUc siri thy ay wonddently appeal for ce-operation and example himelfas t hs ben omt:cie t th poerand reputation of Englan ad avatacon t te cnineee f heworhld PROVISIO-NAL COMMITTEE James Allan, Es.. Itartiginz Director of the PleninsuLar and Oriental ChalesAt rton, Fsq.. Chief Engineer.E, H.. DurdWoolwich Joieph Beardmorce, N!q.. M[anager of the General steama Navigation Compray's ENgine-works H. Wollaston MLake, Es1.. F.R.,S.. enigineer. London jsambar'l IC Brunel. Esaq_ F.R.S.. C.E. EdA.rd Ch3ppell, Eeq.. Capt. E-S.. Secretary to the Roy al West India Mail Compan.y William Crirpis, Clapt. MN.. the Royal Yacht Johnx Utlay lulls E-q., Chairman of the General Screw Stea. Ship- ping Company Joshtta Field, Fsq , F.P. S.. engineer, London John Fiucham, Req., lateAMaster Shipwright, H.M. Docky,ard, ports- mouth Sir Richard GrnDt. Mt.. Capt. R.N. Edward Humuphays, REq., late Chief Engineer. H.li. Dckyard, Wool-. wits _VcGregor Laird, Esq., ZLufaaging Director of the African Mrali coin- Ttoon LodFq.Chief En'ineer of Hi.3. favy Chates. are Fa.,shipbuider. London Josph illr. eq eniner,London JMoey Ifsmt. Fq,egne,Mnhse Joehn en.F..Engner Genwc George Retsole. Capt. F.1.S. engineer,S Londouer Moneupy digiam, e., shipbilde. Lond,Onlcessprersd &eai Jome.ph IWhiitweth. de ., engineder. ~ M lanhster. adD oros a Caharesd Marshy,e Foq. theS. sc.E.!u applcrtary of thea Institutio pof ii puliimito siliig engineef r, Traurr F.E r.RlIed,u Capt.er ., ani(d .scot tRusel Fraq.,s P..ettit emirb Eo,tre actfromthlemRepot ofe visao ChArlides uIn raothe Acadamy of ine,pais.one the rIes. awardled:cet bis thcntne ;rnh oernen a tu Re.eDupsa do Li rmieran Smith. AUliciers supvrant dau Gle Mari-cl. tie.e banbieirsd Arwigt II aarined lire mse.e ndMr.<raouroi, Capt.u~m dae dou Fregt. forsthces 3Smithsu application ofetea andes screy sro-l Iaenu Far3 ln fenmiseetsrlaa de Piaddi. . rngtis an eti Smith, coar Or bccidont heurumuen r;ioluviaou cbmdesait i'arriire eitbdana e eat l'os plusr pzirnce'pdoye I caine: moitte vquul cotiners eo anin dci 3giendutipartoiptes.rvl'uteur prliendso barcevetyei31 al, 153l6.e levenropuz dnsar fne rmirSith. Auerurs peUalen savant dan loupricip nD`empa,blen courage. Ces dent alitsihard mrlutesrn fctntree iomphe do ton le a obstAcles, u. Smvith, pentitentent anetit, eIs'ave sntr dls lea sbl anihe. et suae ue cnel douour'ssidurnL, Dana esscanal.e te,Pa onaccide snt hecouxzuge inprevutine fasvear'Aunimvers stbie i et 0 avireoarche pAnluterin qupre.1anviant~. C'etztone traia3t d mnihires etion ais pr empoyeq'an miti. u'm tErs, detmimde a 3e ranindre portia do rilvol tion d'hiic.Pr eins on pvircliWger nail. entro flout idutouameubsyetoe D'ner.a eneas z.eSmith sonthasardi- eutte centrei let disf ecles do tanmer.L Ave unnairtitrmment petit,pitco'uvuntun Parpaorutarisdusndourl. 1alge inspireco lavoruiesl "L'miau,1 'Agltese rei o vl ntititd'Agesanatenteh. sit cOeraruseent,Ct cureui pr I laucia.Fer duPrnem psd de H Smih n esni lusconidiabl. e Iacontrutio d'Ar naiseuthii,cm En cesqueco. 'Archmede.do 27 toneau s eant beutritmetmits de Ze mer.fo h LAnR:ghloceat HonothtFal o 3aianato. GC.i, dan (irst eLpri- parourntpra di duble lIIgr leven L-uot n.are Juno 1it quo. "Dngeaorespor.sli,erotdoGrttavesdir. Prs-moth.ajtycamh =eiofn.va~incuepatheo ttintrod,Auraeti d'Aeoftherewro accepto andhit was pourn toa pbps nsvcress En 154.limo elthfat semonc- efre Y latheAredmsniremier bIfttimenfutit p'opiaeordeingthd, e attler, tolu bert dorl tonepuxpos b tstimnt qthe'onmPat iv nme andvantaems dofh If3 Oan hulaie lea ebjection 3evesr ce navire ciakn 'any wet, ofemy leltertant canfbe, serviceabl do cosr. Siteii sflvig hineed l-etter from the Right lion, the Eairl of Mldino.g.CoB, &:c. (First Lord Of the AdimiraltyIS35 to 18.11). DerSir.-It havmosibe notm tdoa thakit Mr.) "Lno,Jnm3,seft fe 18op. meristof whaichofn the Litants to itroduce aiu the use ri of theseppde. nodt inetiwas ofin tohis sucess inl buts appelicatio that shortlycbeforeoI letthe Admiraltys Ifoloedt mystef trsialu orfrn the ttlraiuittlner torbe iSto foardth pupoed tot theseting O the scmprewtiveH avntaves ofd the theddlersodth serine. eiv e erSr or atfly rotter tadttecan b serviceabe 'hto oMr. .eti SmithY eonstn creit f te 4cce-.of 'The Adm himeltye184 tonsq18461. isenite tor.be cuisee iapsible fntorumer of tak iot uvanumyselft ipovermant opt aim s t whch f te cnimats s t beattibuedrthemerit of the dustinvntin o thescrw porer. ullbelevetha behee shaccesso the chiede. folowd bythetria of the Rattlerstatitn code Lord Mto'greatrd ldto the. aption a imn of thmceii .snav cand pos the merchant service.ien e ervnt at is Iadmitted, RIN beiv,tJtt EttAtDmltN beongsth credit of the succe yoretes of whheAihie cs, coneuently ho iny enttle steam navigationnn.stee, ai. 1.IW S'ir- was demploed generallyPcodersthe stea departmenouthof the Admir alt ien my time,y raleI asedeeyrao to dirlce that hissiuofz90 e Biut theuprofessiralt namesupo attahed to thet attetatonsiyorahave of faur geatertosi va-,aletr Smith than anyltestimonyo ofe minew canopelle sibly be. I have the honouir to be, Sir. " Your obedient humblaerat. Richerdose thel answer toayour letter, fwicht you mlaetymkeays s puncma:thin Port.mut"iI Oriental Company, "Doderng-ltrett.eJan, 21 11 Coueenyhs been gracioulypleasted ode cht a. penio of £00pe aonnu Geould tI~o gatd t ouuo F,i-asthee C'ivilurList, in. conidraio of your eertions . cin f carrineeout_the application ooflte cr proplle F.pai P.aioT Smit, tin." "W..B,AitrlyInLsAec LAW of Packets. So Suar cripon ions Rihar Absthell.'a Paq..i blase SteimPacihteerompanesy's Dhoe.ckyar_d, liayDeatnet PorttIndouth.£e 1 1 0 Jassr. Aylla.yaq.. Maaingy.2 CDiretor of th Pennslaran Joinltal Company.RS, LAdenhrll~tety.503 0 0 GeorC. Bardmoen.Faq.,irminfham .... I. 2 0 0 Captain2 WBS.andmrew, Ee.1North of EuroeGera Steam Nvgto NaiainCompany,'4sKn Enie m- oreet.Detod5 0 0 Jowhn Beoreax poreuLd. Esq., Dlep-toreet, Iisuyoae 1 0 0 C. Ath eardmoreFa. chief Denginerd 1.. Dokyrd 2otih1 0 0 Repar-Admorat io F.raucsin Beaur. IC.B., Admiralty Inspcto The ABirminghan Pacbes Cmpany irSneamPacke Company Willia tXack. Esq., Wiltary Deprtent, East IdisHosusre 1 1 0 Messrs. Baroley and CiDl.2, Hune'scor31 0 0 Joh Ilarruw,e Faq., F.R.S., .1 uk-tet Aestiitste 50 00 George Beartto. aq.. Bri ptfoni.10 00 Josph Beartihaope, Faq.. Saaeretr of the Roneal Steam Inadigation Comp-any's EnoogaineWorket, Detf .. . . 5 0 0 osephy EeatrlmsIe. Eun.. Faq.,rShipwfrd . 1 0 0Dokyrd Deptfinm Ilsdoe a. etod2 200 DearK.dmialtk Sir, Fri- GreatNIorth oCf. Sctandiraltay 5 0 TheBimiangha Tubree. CmayBiinhm25 0 0 lesses Johnt .E Coummereand P-N.. nier.G n 50 0 0 William Cowaen, Faiq.. Carelbe let aenls-qa 5 00 Peteranduef.Peter C.,urawrofch.1. . L.St ndAr 1 00 Captai BW.e Creqpi, FR.S.. Cthe Duka-street, Portminster 5. 0 (00 Wlesam Cilam p enne y aqn, CBro Pthentrs ce hipbuin'eaDu.'rn 2 baillia Gat1a. Biho 0 0 0 Cepltai-n.K hpEsq.. IKp. Seer oStam oMathieroyAfloWet, Indmiamalt Comersyet-hous t-sre t . 10 0 Honeyss C. atldeW. Farq., enainerhis, iht, 2iM Dcyad Jabed Chuerc. Esq.. C.gnee. Chlangord.2 2 0 J). U.I3 Clarirm an. Cfte. Grneratlot ofe SctlandomRailwy Comadepany e,Aberdeen-bigeI 0 0 LeiculenaUeEeitnnt.B KComeel i ngha5 0 0 obmFertCwe. Faq_, ECarisett.e,Cvttgret 15 0 0 Co mmander Peter Cmastrt shpright, 11.S. St.cJeand PoArtz 10- maptai W.C5pn S.teRylYct Otmuh 1 0 0 JCaptaineohn Ford.. EinsecSuerin teadenMachiner Afloat Stadmirly SWpnComerset-houthapto5 0 0 Clesses. Richard DriBanteadrseaLoy's1 100 blepbes C. ~and . Es_Arle ngners,plae'l . 2ur 50 James Elliott, Faq.. C.E.. Dymehuech. Kent . ~5 00 month 5~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I00 10 10 0 Willam eoud. Fq., .K,Dartngtii, evo over- 0 <sCaPtan Silr Mcharl Grant, Kaight. R.2i. 3. ConnaugRht- pLace, Hyde-park.o 0 0 'WilWiamGreen, ..R.I. a ster, Lowestof i 1 1 0 Captain B. P. Halsted, R.IN.. Hon. Son, United Sorvice Club, London.10 0 0 TbeltightHoH.eVi3count Hardnge,BorsGuards.. 10 0 0 William Hartree. Faq., engineer, lewisham ..10 10 0 John Hawknabw, Faq., Ci., Great George-st., Westminser 10e 00 Captain W. H. Henderson RNW.. G.E.. Comptroller-Ge- noral of Coast Guard (d^ceedl. Custom-houso .. . 5 0 3essrs. J. W. lIoby and Co. Renfrew.5 5 0 CAptainJ aes lfosken .. .. 0 Yesrs. Howrd. Ravenhiij. and Co. engineers. Rotherhithe 25 0 0 F. lium-phoys, Eq^, .Ian, Chief F^neer lILbL Dockyrd Wootwichi. Deptford.10 0 D Mosses. Humpheys, Tenasat, and Dykea,engineers,Deptford 50 0 0 CaptAai ThomasoJackson. the Baron Osy steamx-ship. 1 1 0 William Jaekaon. Faq.. engineer, Loeuisa-street S. 0 0 Jasbez James. Faq. engineer. Bl5ckfriaes . 2 20 W. S. Johnson, Es;l.,...... St. MTartin's-lane.2 2 0 J. llodg30n Jonea. engineerPoets -coruer.Westminster 1 10 Townsend Kirkwood. eq.Llandilo, Carmarthen ,. 5 0 0 H, ReaderLak, Faq., Bused of Trae ................ .. . ..2 2 0 MfcGresor I.aird. Faq.. Managing Director of tho African bala ComDpany. Mincing-lane .. .. .. .. 100 0 0 W. B. Lamber, }:sq. eng,isiBer, General Screw Ste3m Shipping Company, Southampton ., ............. ,5 5 0 James Lanming, Req., M[aida-hill west. . . . 50 0 0 WaInardco., Faq- enlgineer, L^.ndon-street ...10 0 0 Tthoe. ILibyd, Faq.. Chief Engineer of HL3L Navsy, Somnerset- kousae .. *- .. *. .. .. .. .. 1000 Jamav Luke. F.aq.. Shipwright. HI.M Dockyard,Portmoutht 1 1 0 a. Hnby. Faq., P.R S.. C.Ef. Secretary of the Institution of Civil Engnrcers (Treasurer). Great George-street. West- minster. 10 0 0 a 5. 3are. FAg., shipbuilder, Blacsll . 100 0 0 Mvresses. Martin, Samnuelson. and Co.. engineer, lu n 3 0 0 Captain B. RA Matthews, the Great Britain steam ship 2 0 0 yotn M tthew }:sq.. engineer. Greenwich .10 l 0 ~easea. MaudsfSy. Sons. and Field,, engineers, London 100 0 0 T w. M{iller, Itel, engineer. LXH.M. Dockyard, Portsmouth 5 5 0 hars. MlLer, Bavenhill. and Salkeld, engineers, BlackwaU 100 0 0 a. 31'MilEaO *- *- *- *-.*- *- *- *-100 0 Wziliam Morgan. U;Sq. engineer, Glocester-terrace, Hyde. 10(00 Faig Mels;..>- Cumberland.teruico, 1te,ent&park' 1 1 0 , Nganie, Faq., engineer. Glasgow. ,, 100 0 0 J.mee saaimythF..;i eugucer, Patricroft, Manchester 10 0 0 Commbader MatthewS. Nollotth,1.3;7, Hi?,lS Frolic 1- 2 0 .Aaimirati Sir iurle5 Ogle, B.srt. Eston.plsce ................. . 20 0 0 Wihi.un inve:HEs. CsshierO8 Greenwich Etospital. Gree^n 220 Rear-Admiiral Sir William B. Parry,K XLiut.-Governor of Greeniwich Hospital. Greenwichi . 3 0 0 William Pa.-Sons. Esq.. Liicester .. .. 22 0 The Peninsu!ar and Oxiental Stem Nvi;gation Company, Leadenball-street ..O.. 00 00 SLrssrs. John I'enn andSon.'enrgineers 'Greenwich .. . 00 00 John Diston Po.les. Esq.. Wimupole-street .. 5@00 Edward,3. Puweil, !Saq., Hydrographic Department, Admni- ralty. II.0 Cap Wi mRamsay, RN. HM VS. Hogue . 20 0 J1. neadowslteudel, EaI.,F.ES' ,GreaGeorga-street .. 10 00. Wesses G. Rennie andCo., .egmeess* Holland-street, Bhick- fnrs~ .. . ..2000 Willans i;hy Esr.. Gasgow *. . . . 10 00 SEnir 1' C. ohh.E.ICS..Beaulien-bonse. Southseas .. 10o0 3.5 ttRssslt .,KRa,C.E. (Horu Sec.), Great George- stree. ~Vetininler *100 001 Messr. Sasuda~Broters,engineer-. Poplar . 20 00 JohnScot. Eq.. ns eer and shipbuilder. GrLenock ..250 0 Messrs Seawrd andCapel engieers. Limehouse . 10 0 0 H. Danb. Seymor, Esq. H.P.,India Board * 2 00' Josph un, E..ilimieha .5001 Edwad S'ughtr, Fq..engne,l rso 50 0 Comander LueSmshett tN I.8.S ii 20 0 Rt.Stephenson, Faq, M.P., Fl.. .. ritGoI-tet Westinbster ... 5000: Captain Jamnes N.: Strange. EN.. 10 0 John HN. Sunley, Esq. insurance broker, Cornhill 100 0 Williani Swanm_ aq., 'Qaeen-square. We-stminster 22 0 JamesT'ruling. Esq. Hendon .. 1I10 G2 H. J. Walford,e.. Srer-street. Lincoln's"inn 50 0 Captain Frelezick Warden. R.N.. H. SL S. Ajax 5 0 Thomas Waterman, Juin.. E.eq., shipbuflder, Blaek-wall 10 00: Messesa. James Watt and Co., engiseers (per R. Wolia3ton 0 0 house .. .. .. 220 Additional List. Richard Smith, Req.. Comsmander A. Mf. Skin- Devonport an r'ly- ner. "' -. - f 10 G moutb Telegraph . . £1 1 0 John WRalk-er. Esq. II1 0 Johin Gr-anthanm, Faiq., Captain Dwyer. R.N.. 1I1 0 liverpool . . . 50 0 H. P. Mlaples. Fasq.. 5 0 0 Isrel M1ark& s.Rq.. 2 2 0 Captan Boyle, R.N.. 5 5 0 John Trickett. Fri.o. 5 0 0 Caut. Goldamnith, R.N. 1I1 0 lient Win. Itodger. R.N. 2 2 0 JobuLaird, Esq . . 025 0 0 Lord Willoughby d'Eresby 20 0 0 Capt. Farquhar. Rt.N~.. 0 0 Thos.1Brettell. 1-;sq. .. 1I1 0 ComsmanderConnellyjgkN 'I 0 0 Henry Dleshorough, Faq. II1 0 Lieut. MtldAsy. R.N...I.10 0 Jos,eph Stiller, Req(. . 00 0 Cat. -l ae.Fq., R.N. I1 00 Mesrs. J.B. and T. ]H. Sn amue Duer, Faq., Perks .. ... 1010 Leib .. .. 5 50 Subscriptions are receivedlby MNessrs. R-snsom and Co.. 1, raln-mall east, London;- J. Scott Russell, Esq., 37. Great George-street. West. mainster. Hon. Secretary: and by C. Mianby, Faq., 25, Great Georgestreet, Westminster, Treasurer. E. P1. HALSTED, J. SCOTT 'RUS LT Hon. Secretaries. 17. Great George-shreet, Westminster, AprilW.156 ~JVLREVIE at SITHEA).Ntice to 0.,Seashp wers.-Wh'Iereasthe atttention of theBoard of Trade hsbencld to the serious consequences that may ensue frmmtho overcrowdg of passesnger steam veselsd on the day of the Review at Spithead, Nutice is hereby given, that if any passenger steamer. plies without a Board of TIrade certificate placed in a conspicuous part of tho ship, so as to be visible to all persons on board, or it aLny piassenger steamer carres erepasengrs hanallwedby uchcertificate. the owners or msstrs illbe rocede aganstundr te 38thand 319th sections of The enaliesfor arring asseger witouta certificate are as folows:- pealt nt eceein LIO o te owner, and a penalty net xcedin £20on he aste; ad fr caryig pasagers in excess ofhe umer lloedby he erifiate apeailt on the owners or mastrs ot xcedin £~0anddoule he mount of the farms of the passen"r car ed iecess. Boardof Tradle. Marine D)epartment, ISth April. 1856. TPEGRAND NAVA.L REVIEW by the QUEEN. TH-EA PROGRAMM0E of the MOVEMENTS intended to be executedl by the GREAT STEAM FL'EET at SPITHBAD THIS DAY, giving the name of every ship and vessel of the entire force ordered to take part in this limportant National Spectacle, their respective Commanders. armamaent, tonnage, horse-power, and numiber in:cerew. the prescribedI " order of sailing." the Admiralty regulations; to be observed by passenger vessels, the time of the expectedI arrival of Her MaTjesty, an~d the ceremony of the Royal reception afloat, the contepaed maneuenvre of the gunboat flotilla. &-c.. compiled from ofica sources, and publi'hedl by 'Mr. J. S. TISBITfS. the Correspondent of The Times at Port-mouth. may nowv be obtained at the News Room. Battery-row, near~ the Victoria-pier. Portsmouth ; also at the London Terniini of the South-Western and Brighton Railways, and of local stationers, newsnien. andI others. Plrice Oil. This will be found the reost comprehensive and authentic guide to thne visitor. J1EItZ MAJESTY's THEATRE.-It is respectful Xxannounced that Her Majesty's Theatre will RE-OPV earyu May. ngagment of reatinteest ave eenfrected both inOpr andBalet,ani th bet eertonsuse tomake theo arrangement The box-office is now open.cuars o LYE ANTEATREnglshadearne itris.-mndG .L. egs os res,rTfnlyTORE anounc Ththe G bpy' maenganc.i engrgtognethe wthe hiserfeItalianeDramatiompainy toe ayenal sfErgieshofper-. Ith subcitowll be rpae(for 1he24 anerf,srtmanes),fwit paticulars fl pwhir ful east. THIS EMVEING and To-mnorrow. Followe by THE DAUIGHTER OF THE REGIMENT. M,fr. Elliot Galerwillmake his firt apeaanc sicehis retuirn from Italy, in the character of Eslgrdo onMonay ext, the 28th iest. After which, the celebrated Amercanactites Mr.andMrs. Florence. will also make their first appearance i Engln in one of their most popular nationat comediettas. entitle T eYalce Housekeeper. ~~HEARE RYAL,HAYMVARKET.-THIS .LEVENING (Wdeda) ndriiii, the week, the new and successful comed ofTE VI GENIUS. Tom Rip3tone (the Evil Genius). Mr Baestone. Lady Ringw-nod. Miss Reynolds. After which, lire renowned SPanish Dancer. Perea Nena, with 'Manuelt Perer and a new COmpany of Spanish Coryphies. will appear in the newv brilliant ballet pantomime of EL GAMBUSINO; or, The 'Mexican Golilseeker. To which willIbe a'ded. for this night only.thie wil sstan is riinl carcte, ndMis Tlbe wllappear. On Fridy ad Sturay,tn ommece t? ithTheBalnceof Comfort: aftr wich Th Evl Gnis; iththeSpaishDaner; and Lend jI~ YAL RINESS' THATRE. - THIS LIsEENIC-,LOUS XI Tomorow,Every fine Has His Faut.Friay Th Cr-lanBrohes. HEVICOR VAN- OYALPRIC ES'sTHEATRE.-Mr. and Mrs. CALSKEAN' respectfully inform the public that their ANNUAL BENEFITvwill take place on Mfonday next. April 28, on which occasion wllbe produtce-d Ssalspeare'suplay ofTHE WIN-TER'S TALE. Leontes,Mrr. C.Keen: Hermnione.lMs. C. Kea,n. rpETERYL.AEPI-o This Night Sha-snareAnnveraryatStvatford.upon-Avca).-Thre Green Bushes: or. a Hundred Years Aco. Writh (at second price) 'Urgzent Private Affairs.-THIS EVEN,INCI. THE fiREEN 'BUSHES. Muster Grinnudge. Mr. Wright: Jack Gong, Mr. Paul Bdordie: arulAlMiami, TMadame Celeste (their original characters). With URGEN'T PRIVATE, AFFAIR5i. Dentatus Dotts, Mr. Wright. To-morrow and every night, the greatly successful new Adelpbi drama of like and Unlike : by Mr. B. Webster, ',%r. Wright. and Madame Celeste. NVitb. on Thursday and Saturday. Urgent, Private Affairs and MTother and Child are Doing Well. And, on Friday, last night of the Royal Pantomime. iTIHEATRE ROYAL, SADLER's - -WELLS. - IL Splendid triumph of Mir. Charles Ddllon in the character of IBelpirlecor. At the end of each act he was enthusiastically called bc.fore thne curtain, and throughout the whole Piece received the deafening applause of a dlelighted aiid astonished auiditory. As llr. Dillon's engagement is only for 12 nights, the Manager respectfuilly calls the atninof the puiblic to this most extraordinarily successful debut. Mrs. C. Dillon wHIl appear each evening as Madeline. M1r. James Pogers as Fanfaronade. Miss Harriet Gordon as Lizetto and Tom Tug. Prroxs, las. and 2s. ; pit. 1s. ; gallery, 6ds. RD OYAL SUR-REY THEA-TRE.-Imsuense Hit.- IlUncreasing po,.ulsrity of HOWV WE LIV-E. This great and important secret will be disclosed every night until further notice. Production of a new farce. The great sensation createdI hy Mlons. HTanlon has induced the3Manairement to engage him fonlt nightsmore. J_ALYLEBONE THEATRE.-To-mrnorro puss- a tielyfor hatnigt only. Mir. Leigh 'Murray, Mr. Sam Cowell, Mlr. Gaston Mturrav. Mlr. C. Vincent, Mr. E. Mfurray. Mr. Belford., Mr. Lewis Ball. &-c., Xrs. Leighi Murray, Mr. Tanner and his Wonderful Dogs, wil appear for the BEN EFIT of Moiss FRANCES HEUGHES. R OYAL SOHO THEATRE-Fjfih Wjeek of the who wilnr-Op,n every Evenine.-Glorioiis success of Mr. Winter. who ill epetHamlet TO-MIGHT. And the screaming fareo COUSIN LAMBKIN. in which Mr. Mtowbray and Mtirs Helen Love wil appear. Stalls. Ss. ; bsxes. 2s. ; pit, Is. Half-price, at 9--stajls, 2s.; boxes, Is. : pit, lid. To be Let, for Benefits and Private Perfonnances, cheaper thtan any house in London. (' REAT NATIONAL STANDARD THEATRE.- 'qX Proprietor. Mr. John Douglass.-Engacement of Miss. Glyn, Mr. H:. 'Harston. and Miss Rebecca Isaacs.-THIS EV .IWD;G, the Play of THE WINiTER'S TALE (unparalleledI in histrionic pageantry). Leontes, Mfr. Rl. Marston (of theo Theatre Ruoyal, Sadler's-wells); Hermnione. Miss Glyn. M,NisaRebeccalsaaeswillalsoaPpearinopera. N%E LSON's PORTLAND HOTEL, Great Portland. 11 treet.-Drawing room and bied room en suite. 7s. ; bed nooms. Is. 6id.. s. Oi~L.,. :s breakfasts, as Pid, 2s.:; plain dinners, 2a. lid.: attendance, Is. per day Post and Sherry, Es. per bottle. Famiegle andt gentlemen by theweekc. Allcharge for candles discontinued. NOTICE to RAILWAY and STEAlDI-BOAT TRA- NVELLEItS.-A~ND'ERTON'PsHOTEL.162,164,andlIG5.Fleet-street. -Breakfast, with ioint, Is. lid.:- beds. IOs. lid, per week;, dinners from 12 to 8 o'cock: joint and vegetable,s. lid. : wvith soup or fish. 2s. Turtle souipand veaison daily. Table d'Hote at half-past5S.at2s..each. A night porter in attendance. P AR.IS.-GRAND HOTEL de FRANCE et d'AN- --GLETERRE, rae des Filles St. Thomas et Richelien. 72. Situate near the Eacbange. the Paains Royal. and Boulevards. First-rate table d'h0te at 4f. per head, including a bottle of Bordeaux. RestauranT, luncheons, suppers. Suiite of apartments, at 6f.. Sf.. and 20f. Board, at 8f. and 10f. a day. No extras. Branch estabisabmenTm. sue de la Pair and Champs Tirad~es. N. B. This hotel is known as one of the moa~t convenient, the largest. anad most quiet in Farms. I) EIGAT.-he season is approaching in wihich LI hisloaliy i ivitng oris eauy f ecenery and salubrity of air.Beig selteed y aride ofchak hllsfrom the north. and east. and sady oil elo, i isstroglyrecmmeded by the first medical men or ersos i delcat henth.C. GLDSITH boez. to offer suchaccomodtionat is htelto tosewho ay atroizeit. that hefesconfident they wnuld be satisfied wit h comforts which it affods It is also conlveniently eittnto to famlli e%gom g to and from the continent. from its pyoxtisity to r ailroad transit to the greater part of England, &c. Parties can be accomnmodated on boarding terms per weekc if requiired. WHITEBAIT.-Artichoke Tavern, Blackwall.- J.D OBERTS begs to inform hiss friends and thenublie that WHITESII is nOW fn season. The trainsof the Blsclwall Railway leave Fenchnlrchb-treet every quarter of an hourtbroughout the day: also Camden-town (Regent's-Park), IsEngton, and Hackney. Alizhtat the Poplar Station. PURE PREPARED YEAST.-A gentleman havigM slucceeded in preparing a pure sweet YEAST, entirely from beer and free from all bitter. wiU SELL the RIGEHT. for this country. for "100. being abont to join his family abroad. Apply by letter to P.P.Y., care of M,Nr. T. 0. Robinson. 10. Old Jewry-ohambers. T IMITED LIABILITY.-Partnership Amendment AJ Act.-To large and smaaU CapitallaEs.-The principals of a longestablished and very lucrative busines3 intend to avail themselves of the provisions of the biU about to become law, allowing a participation Sn profita to prties adsantcing capital, without liability, beyond the inum actually advanced. The profits made in their business are very coniderable, and the businoss is susceptible of great extension. They ;ropvose to receive snums of money net less than £100, and to allovr on such r lums the proportionate share of profits, or, at tho option of the lender, a guaranteed intereSt of 10 per cent.per annum. The books wilUbe kept under the direction of 3 professional acountant. wrhose balance-sheet wilt be open for inspection. The strictestscrutiny and investigation; wi be afforded. Further particulars will be given to nouna file principals on applic.ation to MJessr. Miller and HIorn, solidem. 7S, Ring William-street, city. CPIRIT TRADE.-To SmaUl Capitalists.-An eligible )C opporturnity now offers for any gentleman having the command of finni w31to £500. to JOIN the adeertiter in tieabov6BUSINESS, without ris.c. Address, proepaid, to J. H. B., care of Mfr. J. SmaUbone, 25. Finsbury-circus. rjO CAPITALISTS.-The advertiser has patented a valuable invention, and is desirous of meeting with a gentleman. possessing £100 to £100, for the purpose of bringing out the same preo f.ous to forminga companyyunder tbo Limited LiabiUtyAct. Address W.. Messrs. Burton and Cayley's, 259. Holborn. CAPITA ISTS.-A gentleman, having an ei- T otens:vconnexion among town and country drapers, is desirouI of commendng a WHOLESALE BUSINESS. either by partnership or otherwise, with a party advancing from £1,000 to £2.000. Such an opportunity seldom oCcurs, the advertiser being able zo command a very large rade, .and certain to realize a handsome income. Address P.O., 2. Hoxton-square. Tp O CAPITAjISTS.-A physicianl id pmblic c- turer, interested in them uadulterated food question, believes that at this juncture, with a privato party commanding frcom i£.00, to £2.00.a. a lucrative and rapidly-extending bulsiness could be easily' eslablished (directly under his owin name and authority) fcr supplying' the publicecconomically with twso or more important articles of uni-l versal cousul!upti'mu. l etters (from pr)lsfjpals only) to bi, p., i, .4gtil- lcry.plage1 yliss.luj-orsUg.Ie, I C AUTION to PAWNBROKERS.-LOST a W WATCH-a patent lever, silver; Maker, Fletcher, Comnail. No. 15.82 engine turned. B Roan f snlec;ejheh of 9 and 10 Lst eyenin. Informtioa to bef'orwBard to, the Thowert.wet PoliceStation. oath. L ONDON COXPORATION BILL.-The PETI- TION adopted by the Common Hall against this Dill LIS o' the SIGNATUJRES o: the Livery at Goldhall theMhanaion.house(froet entrance), Andersen's Hotel. Fleet-street, and at 3Mitchelfs, 39. Cbadngcroas. entral Committee-room. Guildhall, April 22. AUSTRIAN and BELGIAN COUPONS, due the A st of MayA are now being PAID. on presentation, at the beat sates: also drafts gr&nted on Paris and other chief continental cities. at our office, 21. Corneill, oppoeite the Royal Exchange.-8A,[UEL s"iiil M1ONTAGU. bullinn merchants and foreignbaukerm '41 411: PROYAL ITALIAN OPERA, LYCEU3. Subscription Night To-morrow (Thuraday). To-morrow Evening (Thuosday, April 24) WiU be given sa a Sab. scription Night, in lien of the last Saturday of the seawon, on which occasion will be performed (for the second time this season) Donizetti's opera, LELISIR D'AMORE. Adina, Madame Blos.o (her first appea,auce this season); Giannetta, Mradame Tagliadico Nemorno. Signor Gardoni this second appearance thia seaono): Ik-Icore, Signor Taglgisico; and Duicamara, Signor Rtonconi (Ins second appearance these two years). Conductor-Mrr. Costa To conclude vwith (for the second time) a new divertisseenent, entitled hdldes. Emuna. Combs, 'Genat, PMr. payante, and hltDlespispes. Commence at 8. The box-odtice, in the grand entrance under the portico, is open from 10 tiUl 5. DIIUIY-LAE.Z-ENGLISH OPERA. UJnder the Nanagement of Mteans. J. H. Tuluy and F. Kingsbury. THItSEVENING. IL TROVATORE; or, The Gipsy's Vengeance. Characters by LUCJ Escott, Mtiss F. Huddart; hlr~. Braham, Mr. Ffenrl Drayton. 3Sr. Duraud. &e.c *To conclude with TIlE DAUGHIT_R OF THE REGIENSET. THEATBE ROYAI,, HAYMrARKEP. UTnder the Management of Mr. Buckaston.. THIS EVENING. THlE EVIL- GFENIUS. BY MTeas.n Duckatone. ComPtOn: M lisses Reynolds, Swranhorsugh,&c. Atter whieb. EL GMIIBUSINO: or. The MTexican Goldaceker. To be followed by COUJPT FAVOUR. rTo conclude with THE POSTMAN'2S NOCK6. RtOYAL PRINCESS'S THE:ATRE. under the Mtanagement of hr . Cwharles Kealn THIS EENiING will he presented LOUIS XI. Louis (King of France), Mrr. C. Roan. Alter wvhieh. THE VICTOR VAsNQUISHE. To conclude with A PRIsNCE FOR ANz HIOUR. THETRE ROYL, ADELPEL. Proprtetozw Mr. B. Webster; Directees, MSadamne Celeste. THIIB EVENItNG will be presented THIE GREEN BUSHRES;* or. A Hundired Yeses Ago. Heuater Grinnidge. INr. Wright: Jack Gong. MR.EN P. Bdfrd:Msi.M'nFiRdame Celeste. To conclude with ROYAL OLYMPIO TiIEATRE. Lessee, Mrr. Alfred WVigan. TIS EVENINGwill be presented STILL WALTERS RVINDEE!P. Toconcludewith THEDISCREE PRNCESS. Character byMeserg F. Robson. Emery. ])snvers, HI. Cooper.WVhite, Cliften:*MismesjullaSt. George,Ternan,Marsten.Mstskell, and Stephens. Commence at & past?. TErEATRE ROYA, SADLER'S-WELS. UJnder the Management or Mr. Georse A. Webster. THS EVENING will he presented BELPHE:GOR. THlE MtOUNhTEBANIK: or. The Pride of Birth. Characters by Mesrs. Charles Dillon, J. Rogers. Edgar, Barrett. G. A. Webster: Mwendanesc C. Thiton. H. Gordon, Cnthbe*t &c Alter wshich, THE SWYISS COTTAGE. To conclude with THE WATERMSAN. ROYA SURREY THIEATRE. LAessees, Messrs. Shepherd and Cresicick THISB EVENING will be presented HLOW WE LIVE IN TIlE WORLD OF LONDON. CharacterabyMeosm. Shepherd, CA. Calved., J. H. Rickurds, Widdicorab. &c.; Misses Marriott, E. Sanders, £c. After which, M.Ha;nlon's Performances. To be followed by SARAEI'S YZOUNG MAN. To conclude with THE POSTMANS KNOCK. ASTLTS ROYAL AMPHlITHE:ATRE. Lessee and Maunager, M r. W. Cookie. THeIS EVENING will be presentedl 3tAZEPPA AuN) THIElWILD EARpSE. Aftervwhich. the Scenes in thue Circle. To conclude weith. 31XGLAND~S HIARVEST HO:ME AND NATIONAL STEEPLE. C:HASE. __________ To CORRE3SPONDENfTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5id. is the price of a copy with the irnpr&csf4 stamp affixed. Under the amnended regtulations of the Post-office (No. 60N) The Times is transmnissible by post to B3rtih colonies and foreign countries without an impressed. stamp. We cannot undertake to return rojectsd communicationLs. gf The publlcation of Tics Tnrzss commenced at 5 o'clock; yesterday morning. andfinishedw at 25 minutes past 9.
LONDON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 23, 186. By the time that these columns are circulating half over her empire the Queen of ENGLAND will be holding a more brilliant Court than any contemporary Sovereign can convene. Nowhere in the world can be paralleled that scene which will be witnessed this morning on the waters of the Solent. There are many capitals richer than ours in the historiC magnificence of their structures, and cities which tower with a more stately grandeur above the ocean than any which guard our coasts; there are many palaces more worthy of the wealth or the pretensions of other Monarchs than St. James's and even Windsor are of the English CRowNv. There are many kingdoms where a more imposing array of soldiery-horse, foot, and artillery-can be drawn up for the satisfaction of a Court or for the admiration of connoisseurs ; but no other country except England can afford an exhibition at once so impressive by its magnitude, so imposing by its character, so fascinating by the sympathies which it excites, as the spectacle which this morning's sun will reveal at Spithead. There will be collected about the SovFEaiGx of these kingdoms an armament which reckons in all no fewer than TWO HIUNDRED AND For.Ty steamvessels of different sizes. Of these three have more than 100 guns,and sixhave 91. The restvaryfrom 80 guns to 6; and, besides these larger vessels, there is a fleet of 160 gunboats, the great majority constructed for the Russian war. In all, they carry 3,002 guns, and are propelled by 30,671 horse power. To man this fleet not less than 30,000 men are requimd. Nor are these mere holyday ships and holyday crews, fit to figure in a brilliant pageant, but without the materials or the capacity for real work. On the contrary, they are all fit for service, and many of these ships have been tossing through two campaigns in the Baltic and Black Sea, not, indeed, contesting or conquering the enemy, but defying, and dismaying, and driving him to talke refuge in self-destruction. But, magnificent as is the fleet manceuvring under the SOVEREIGN'S eye-stupendous as is that brute might of wood and iron which our artificers have welded into ocean fortesses-there is something grander and nobler in contemplating the moral energy which animates that mass. The crews which man these ships and the officers who commnand them are worthy of their profession and its most glorious traditions. In all that host there is not one who has been forced into his QUEEN's service. AL are volinteers. The war burst suddenly on a nation employing tens of thousands in the conduct of its mercantile marine. Spontaneously, and with the enthusiasm which kindles at the prospect of strife and distinction, large bodies of seamen transferred themselves at once to the more exciting service. Each successive year of the war has perfected them in their vocation and stimulated fresh recruits by their example. The few opportunities which have presented themselves for the exertion of professional daring they have turned to all possible account. When debarred on their own element from such a display as they coveted they have betaken themselves with alacrity to help their comrades on shore. Every kind of duty, from assisting in the transport of 7rnat&ri to manning the gmns of a battery, has been performed with a cheerfulness and a cordiality which must have made those who witnessed it regret that so much zeal should not have found its most congenial field, and that no other achievements should have been allowed to rival those which are associated with Kertch and Sweaborg. It would be idle to vapoLur about the possible prowess of suach a fleet. We are celebratingr the conclusion, not the commencement, of a war. Wre are not throwing down the gage of defiance or seeking an arena of aggrandizement. WVehave no ambition to satisfy by the implied menace of a warlike pageant; but we hope we are not, unreasonable in asking other nations to bear witness to our moderation when, with means of offence in our hands not only so ample as these, but also as capable of rapid production and vitality as these have beenwith armaments so costly and with crews so eager for war as ours notoriously are-we have foregone all chances of glory, aggrandizement, and revrenge, in order to arrest the calamities of war and guarantee the blessings of peace. With respect to the effect of such a display in deterring or cowing any hostile attempts, we simply think it is not necessary. It does not require a naval review at Spithead to satisfy foreign statesmen that England can equip squadrons equal to the finest of olden aays, or man them with crews whose courage beats as high as that of their forefathers. Those who doubt the truth of this are not likely to be convinced even by the Spithead pageant. Bat the many who do not doubt it at all may find useful food for contemplation when they see what a free nation can do, even amid the attractions of commerce and the enjoyments of opulence, in the way of warlike preparation to help the right and corabat the wrongdoer.
Though we have read a few essays on human knowledge and popular ignorance, on the powers of the understanding, the limits of thought, and other views of man, representing him hlternately as an eagle and a mole, a giant and a worm, we do not remember to have seen so interesting a chapter on these subjects as the examination of Sir E:muirD LYONs before the Chelsea Board on Monday. To the gallant Admiral's naval prowess and skill-which, however, we should have liked to see rise with command-we nmust now add a most remarkable power- of seeing, observing, remembering, and knowring what he likes, as much as he likes, and in what shape he likes. He can open his eyes, draw a film uver them, or close them altogether; he can know actually, officially, professionally, conjecturally, or not at all, as he pleases; and play these various descriptions of knowledge with as much facility as a chessplayer will at one time play a queen or a pawn. At first sight one is led to imagine that the vulgar myth which divides human beings into landsmen and sailors, and supposes them utterly ignorant of one another, had some foundation in fact, and that there really were people on the one element who imagined that cavalry could operate with advantage in the mid ocean, and, on the other hand, who believed horses to be only a light description of craft, rather crank, and liable to go before the wind. But Sir EDiuih- has evidently been upon land, and has aided his powers of observation by consulting other people more familiar with that treacherous element. That he has been perfectly successful in his choice of authorities we do not ventture to say, for we should have thought that in the length of Piccadilly he might easily have met a few landlubbers more knowing in the ways of man and horse. But he has taken some pains to assist his inexperience, and the efforts he has made add somewhat to the different phases of knowledge we have mentioned above. Assisted, then, by a friendly landsman, who may or may not be given to practical joking, Sir EDMUND LYoxs has a decided opinion against the use of sailcloth to protect horses from the weather. He never heard of the idea tiU he found himself in Chelsea Hospital the other day, it being the universal opinion in Greenwich Hospital that in foul weather a horse, like a man, had best go below. It would appear that the Admiral had never heard of a tent, or, at least, that there were certain physical affinities between a horse and a man. We are driven, however, from this last alternative, because Sir EDmUND had never heard a syllable about sailcloth being applied to the shelter of troops. As a sailor, of course, he need not even have heard of a tent, much less is he obliged to have seen one, or to know what it is made of. By the aid of the friendly landsman, however, he has acquired some exact information. " To have put "up canvass on the plateau would have been "totally useless, even if we had the means, vhich we had not; it was consequently never thought " of." Sir EDimD goes further. He cannot possibly admit that Lord RAGLAN, who attached so much importance to the efficiency of the fleet, would have made such an application. He also answers categorically that he could never have fturnished any such quantity of canvass as would be necessary to provide shelter for 2,000 cavalry horses. Under the circumstances Lord RAGLA\ was not the man to make such a request. Considering, therefore, that Sir EDMUND never heard the idea suggested till he walk;ed the other day to Chelsea Hospital, and is able to state positively that it never occurred to anybody in the Crimea, landsman or sailor, it is rather remarkable that he should also be able to state with equal certainty that the sails would have been utterly useless,that Lord RAGLAN would never have asked for them,-that he could never have given them, and that even had the idea occurred to anybody, and had the saileloth been asked and given, there were no means of constructing shelter out of it. That Sir EDMUND should be so absolutely certain that he had no sailcloth to spare is all the more remarkable when it is considered that, on being asked the question, he did not know how much he had-a most singular instance of a definite conclusion on indefinite premises. Sir EDMUND is positive the whole fleet could not have supplied sailcloth to keep the wind off 2,000 cavalry horses; but it appears-for Sir EDMUND says he has no reason to doubt it-that one 80-gun ship carries 7,844 yards of canvass in the spare sails, and a quantity of old canvass besides. This latter, however, Sir EDUNiD can state positively had all been sent on shore for the use of the Naval Brigade, thoughi he had previously stated that he had never heard of the application of sailcloth for the shelter of troops-a nondescript animal, not to be confounded with that very orthodox creation, a Naval Brigade. Sir EDIMND appears to think that he canl never get too many batteries to bear on one point; and, even if an objection is logically sufficient, he heaps twenty others on it. For three months the poor helpless soldiers and the officers charged with their discipline and care were grumbling away in the most pitiable manner for want of somebody just to tell them how to put things together, and make the best of their situation. Now, sailors are proverbially handy. Indeed, a sailor is a very stupid fellow if he is not a carpenter, a tailor, and a good deal besides. On beard every ship there is a staff of carpenters suflicient to set the rest to work. Sir EDMwND LYONS then is asked two questions,-the first, whether he could have supplied the army with carpenters to guide them in their wretched attempts at hutting. "" this he answers, with his usual superabundance oi positive knowledge, that the ships had not half their complement of carpenters, that thk v had sent half that half ashore to help at Balaklava, that there were none to be got om the Addmiralty, none from Mvlalta, nor a, yvshere . that all they had were wanted, aml more; that all the carpenters in the fleet were em.ployed for a month in mending the rudder of the Royal Albert, almost under the enemy's gauns ; and thatfor it come-s to tlis-had halC-a-dozen more carpenters. been sent ashore, the fleet would probably have drifted under the Russian batieries. BBut really this proves too much,that is, too muchi on tthe supposition of a crew being divided into sailors and carpenters, the fact beijig that probably a quarter of the sailors would be better carpenters than the poor overworked, underfed solder ; better carpenters, more handy, with tools or without tools; more conversant with boards, spars, spikes, cloth, rope, and tar, than the soldiers. Why, everybody knows that a discharged soldier is nothing but a spoilt labourer, while a discharged sailor, or even marine, is a Jack of all Trades, able to make anything out of nothing. So, how does the Admiral's answer meet the question, even if it was of no possible use to send aslore a party of professional carpenters, with 'planes, adzes, augurs, squares, centrebits, and lathes? Such, however, is the redundance of certain definite and insuperable obstacles that Sir EDMUND has ready for this question; though he is not so certain-it does not come within his province-that the carpenters on board the transports and merchant ships might not have been hired. But he is asked the further question, whether carpenters might not have been procured from Constantinople ? Here knowledge fails and opinion comes in. It is Sir E DMI-n's opinion that no carpenters could have been procured from Constantinople; indeed, he tried and got none; there were none, and those who were there were wanted, No doubt, there are not many carpenters at Constantinople who could fux the rudder of a 120-gun ship in a gale of wind, particularly if they had pleasanter work offered them at better wages; but, to think of saying there are no carpenters at Constantinople ! Why, it is a city of carpenters. CoxDEm describes it as a city of boxes, open by day and shut by night. There are 800,000 people living entirely in wooden huts, of which a quarter, or thereabouts, are burnt down once in five years, and built up again in two or three months. Here are the very huts, the very artisans, in a city described as having no carpenters ! The thing is so obvious that, on the question being put, Sir EDMUTD at once assumes the stiffest professional attitude, and knows nothing about it. "Do you not think," asks Colonel TOLLocH, " as "Constantinople is built of wood, that carpenters "capable of putting utp framework lmust be "numerous there, and might have been procured "in order to put up temporary shelter'5" To which Sir EnDru.nD answers that he does not know how an admiral on board a fleet was to know this. He was only certain everything was done that could be done. Sir EDMUND would hardly escape the credit of being at the same time the blindest and the most positive man in his country, but for what we must call certain happy inconsistencies, to be explained by the various applications of his professional or' official knowledge, information, opinion, or whatever mode of intelligence he brings to bear on the question. He has the strongest opinion that all the sails in the world would have been blown away from the plateau before Sebastopol, but when he is asked .whether sailcloth could not have been employed in the Valley of Kadikoi, he takes in sail at once, and answers, " It is a military " question," and he does not like to enter upon it. When he is asked whether he noticed any want of promptitude or ingenuity in devising shelter for the cavalry horses, his answer is that he did not, because he noticed particularly that Sir GEORGE BRowN, Colonel WOOD, and a great many other officers showed remarkable skill and industry in sheltering their horses, by excavation or otherwise, insomuch that they saved their horses thereby. Sir EDmuND does not explain how it was that if A, B, C savedtheir horses by3nerely digging holes for them the rest of the alphabet lost all their horses miserably, without, howvever, exhibiting any want of promptitude or ingenuity. On being pressed, however, with the fact that some saved their horses, and some did not, he answers, "M 3y " opinion is, as far as it goes, that there was no "want of promptitude, but I cannot constitate "myself a judge in military affairs." This means, of course, that he knows wvhat answers the purpose, and ignores aU the rest. That is all his closing address comes to. In order to prove the thorough, ready, and effectual co-operation of the services, the prompt applications of the army and assistance of the fleet, he relates the invaluable services of Lieutenant G(oss, and the invaluable assistance rendered by Lieutenant HAwluiNs at a critical juncture; and how that on one occasion the ships of the fleet did actually make 742 cots and frames in three days, and how that Captain HaErT, of the Sanspareil, undertook and accomplished the roasting of the coffee for the army, to Lord RAGLAN's great surprise and admiration; also how the same Captain IThATH, happening to observe that the animals died for want of shelter, and hearing that 300 fine mules were expected from Spain, offered from the resources of the fleet to build stabling for those animals; and Sir EDMUnD reads a letter, in which Captain HE.rrlT says :-" As all our skilled carpenters were already "employed for the army, I did not like to with"draw one of them, but I placed 30 or 40 seamen "under the direction of a boatswain, and they "erected these stables." Sir EDMUND adds, siMply enough, " I believe that a great many of the " mules there sheltered are alive now." Then, what becomes of the alleged impossibility of assisting the army to make tents or huts for man or horse 7 It appears thus, on Sir EaDmUNs ow n admission, that the officers couvd shelter their horses, and the navy couIld help in the same work. Then, why was not this the rule, instead of the very rare e:xeptioo u? Why were only eig1it per cent. of the horses saved and Minety-two per cent. lost i
The rejection of the Church Discipline Bill in the House of Lords on MIonday night was the tesult partly of what the bill superseded and partly of what it substituted in its place. The 15th clause was condemned by the whole body of English bishops (though the Irish appear to have swallowed it), on the ground that it superseded the authority of the bishop in his diocess, and consequently the episcopal constitution of the Church. " The 15th clause," said the Bishop of Exma, - "Distinctly withdrew authority from the diocesau bishops, and vested it in the Archbishop, at the pleasure of the Archbishop. It provided that any clerk against whom a complaint was made might petition the Achbishop to hear and determine his cause, and that the Archbishop might, if he thought fit, hear and deternine it accordingly. He appealed1 to the House to say whether this clause did not remove the authority of the bishop over the clerks in his diocess and vest it in the Archbishop." This interpretation of the clause was disputed by Lord HA31owRy, "who took th' 7'icrty of point"ing out that under it the Archi ishop was to "Cexercise only such authority 'as he might have "'done by any statute or law before the, passing 'of this act;"' but the Bishop of Oo2SOD asked with some force, " If it was intended "l to give to the Archbishop no more power "than he at present possessed, what wcas the "I use of initroducing the cdauase " and, lastly, the Loau CnANoLmLon himself appeared to allow the operation of the clause in his appeal to a provision of the existing Church Discipline Act as a precedent for it. The existing act introduces the jurisdiction of the Archbishop into the bishop's diocess, in the special. and particular case of the bishop being thepatron of the offending clergyman's living. The proposed bill, then, would appear, by the- mover's own admission, to take up a particular and exceptional case of superseding a bishop in hlis owni diocess wlhicil the existing act supplies, and to use it as a precedent for a regular and systematic policy in the same direction. We wil not, however, undertake to grapple with the wording of a bill whlichi does not appear to escape the general faullt of bills-that of being ill and carelessly worded; and therefore we wil only remark that if this is the operation of the bil it appears to us to be an objectionable one. Diocesan episcopacy is not only the constitution of the English Chturch, but has become by this timie one of the institutioms of1the country, like QbuEN, Lords, and Common3, the twelve Judges, or trial by jury. It is, moreover, as contrasted with a more centralizedc 'chiirchgovernment, in harmony with our nationial bias for local administration and self-government. The TLorm CHcrnmnoVs bill, then, by its inter- ference, or app Si*ance of iuterference, with the - diocesan principle, very naturally and justly elicited a good deal of ecclesiastical eloquence; and the Bishop of ExzrER, not slow to tal;e advantage of such an occasion, scolded his Lordship with that polite severity which is so familiar to him, and almost excommunicated the Irish bishops, declaring "that if the Church of Ireland looked upon "the principle of this bill as tolerable in a Chris"tian -church, he could not hold himself in "communion with the Church of Ireland." As the Irish bishops appear not only to have considered the principle of this bill tolerable, but to have formally accepted it, it might appear that this was a casts bdeli, and that we might expect to hear of further proceedings from the bishop. But' the rejection of the bill will probably satisfy his; Lordship, and the Irish Church will not have to contend at once with a spiritual interdict from Exeter and an assault on her temporalities from Limerick. The bill, however, was as much objected to on: account of the machinery which it created in tha place of the existing system as on account of what it superseded. There were to be four Chancellors appointed with salaries of 3,000l.a-yeareach,besides secretaryships of 6001., to which the Chancellors were to nominate. These officials were to go about, like Judges of Assize, trying clerical delinquents. Now, will anybody give himself the trouble to calculate for one moment the real extent of ground over which the jurisdiction of these officials will extend, and the amount of business which it will supply 2 There are, we suppose, about 20,000 clergy in England and Ireland. This body is composed of gentlemen, men of education, and men who by their profession are bound to set the rest of the world a good example. These 20,000 educated and respectable gentlemen, then, are expected to employ the whole time of four largely-salaried judges in the amount of crime which they will supply, and the four Chancellors are to sit eternally judging delinquents from the orders of priests and deacons. Now, certainly, if they realy had all this wvorl to do, thes3 gentlemen would deserve their salaries; not to say, perhaps, that the extreme andtryingsolemnityof their functions would of itself deserve some compensation, on the principle that the chaplains of burialgrounds are paid extra for themornful and grave nature of their employment and the associations connected with it. These punishers of clerical vice would stand in somewhat the same relation to our common law judges that the chaplains of cemeteries do to the parochial clergy. But by what stretch of imagination can any one suppose that a body of 20,000 educated and respectable gentlemen will furnish this amount of crime? Take a town of 60,000 or 70,000 inhabitants; let it be one of our manufacturing towns, artd let it exhdibit all the degradation, ignorance, and vice which a promiscuous population of this number 'and class exhibits. Would not any one be surprised at such a population as this being considered to require the constant employment of fourjudges, receiving 3,0001. a-year each, to sit on the crininals which it would supply? What town in the country has such a judicial staff assigned to it ? Then, what but the blackest imagination could conjure up an endless string of crlininals out of a body of 20,000 picked men, ministers, spiritaal - pastors and teachers, and lights in their generation ? "The fact is," said the Dishop of EKErza, the bill is an undeniable job. The Chancellors are to receive 3,0001. a-year, but what is "the number of causes they are li'sely to "have ? The average number of causes in " England and Ireland does not exceed six, so that - "there will be a trial and a-half per anmlm for "each of the four Chancellors." To supply, however, some show of employment to these officials central registries are to be erected in London and Dublin, at a cost of 120,0001., and an atmual expenditure of 48,9001., vwhile the total amount of fees upon marTiage licences and from other sources which are at hand to meet this expenditure is only 35,0001. The administration of stamps is another make-up employment assign d to these officials. No bishop is to do a singe episcopal act without stamps and the signature of one of the four Chancellors. He is not to give letters of Orders. He is not to give Institution without the stamp or signature of a Chancellor. It is pretty plain what sort of berths these Chancellorships would be; and also, as the Bishop of EXZTEZ says, " it is not diffiEcult to "foretell what wonld be the fate of such a bill "in the House of Commons." But the Upper House has saved the Lower one the trouble and anticipated its decision.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. (BY SUBmARMhE AxD BRITISH ELGnApi.) RUSSIA. We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent- " BERLIN, TusEDAY, APRiL 22. 'The Russian militia is disbanded. "The Admiralty has ordered all the lighthouses to be lit anld idl the buoys to be laid down in the Gulfs of Bothnia and of Finland and in the Baltic and WVhite Seas."
COUR1T CIRCULAR, The Queen held a Court and Privy Council at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon at Backingham Palace. At the Court the Ron. and Right Rev. Dr. Alontagu ViLliers had aTl audience of Her RajeAty in the Royal Clost t, and did homage on being appointed Bishop of Carlisle. Sir George Grey, G.C.B., the Queen's Principal Secretary tf State for the Hoine Department. and the Rev. John Vane. Deputy Clerk of the Closet in Waiting, assisted at the ceie. mnony. The Privy Council was attended by his Royal Highne s the Prince Consort, the Mairqais of Lansdowne, the Earl , f Harrowby, Lord Privy Seal; Sir Gaorge Grey, Secretary *I State for the Home Department; the Earl of Clarendor', Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; the Right Hon. Henry Labouchere, Secretary of State for tlle Colonies- Lord Panimure, Secretary of State for War; Sir G. C. Lewis, Chancelor of the Exchequer ; the Right Hon. M. T. Baines, Chancellor of the Dachy of Lancaster; Earl Spencer, Lord Steward; and Lord Ernest Bruce, Vice-Charnbe-isin (officiating for the Lord Chamberlain). The Hon. W. Bathurst was the Clerk of the Council in Waiting. Sir George Grey officiated as Lord President, in the absence of Earl Granville. The Queen gave audiences to the Earl of Clarendon, Sir George Grey, and Lord Panmure. Her MaIjesty was attended by Pield-Mlarshal Viscoutt Combermnere, Gold Stick in Waiting; Lord Byron. Lord in Waiting; and General Sir Edwrard Bowater, Groom in Waiting. The Queen and Prince Albert rode on horseback yester: day morning, accompnied by the Princess Royal, aid. attended by the Hon. leanor Stanley and the Equerries in. Waiting. The Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred alsa rode out on horsebackl, and the younger members of the Royal Family toolk a drive in an open carriage and-four. It is understood that Her Majesty will probably hold another levee and drawing-room in the month of June. The Marchioness of Ely has succeeded the Countes3 of Desart as the Lady in Waiting to the Queen. Lord Byron and General Sir Edwrard Bowator have relieved Lord De Tabley and the Hon. Mortimer Sackville West in their duties as thc Lord and Groom in Waiting to Her 3lajeaty. ____________ A Cabinet Council was held yesterday afternoon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. The Ministers present were-Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, the Marquis of Lansdowne, tha Earl of Iarrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Paumnure, the Chancelor of the Exchequer, the Daka of Argyll, Lord Stanley of Alderley, and the Rii} Eon. T. DI. Baium
FOBBIGN IYTELLIGBNxE. FRBACE- (moM OUY1 O(. CORiPONDENT.) [A porUon of the follo'wing 1ppe&ed in our seconl ediUion ot Ytsterdav.:-1 r.a1, MONDAY, ARI-lL 21. 6 r.bf. I omitted to mention yesterday that the Treaty of Peace withl Russia contains a clause to the effect that the allies shall evacuate the Ottoman territory an the exchange of the ratifications. It is meant, mo doubt, that the order shall be then formalUy given, and that the evacuation shall take place as -sool after as possible. It ought not to be forgotten {hat, with the best intention and the sincerest desire to execute the treaty, France and England are not in the same position in this respect as Austria. The distance we are from our encampments, and the vast armount of nzatdriel we have to transport, independently of any tnforeseen diffliculties, will render the operation laborious and slow. The Austrian troops, who have gone through so arrmless a campaign in the Principalities, have no such reasons for delaying their departure, and the Vienna Cabinet is quite capable of maiutaining that the retreat of the Austrian heroes of Bucharest and Jassy shall be eflieted panS pasziu with the French and English from before Sebastopol. The lF'rench Commissioner for the Principalities swill be M. Baudin, First Secretary of Embassy at London. There is one question in particular which will have to be seriously treated, and can which it would appear opinion is somewsvhat divided,-I allude to the proposed union of the Principalities. I doubt, after mature deliberation, whether that union wvould be attenided witlh advantage to the country. For a long timne to conme M;oldavia and MWallachia would not be in a condition to protect themselves from aggressioni, while their unionu would have the efFect of detaching them more completely from the Porte without making them stronger or more independent. The pro. ject for their union must be favourably re- -arded by Russia, who would consent not merely to the territorial rectification she has admitted, but to the cession of half Bessarabia if it could be effected. 'The Principalities united, w,ith but the shadow of the su:crtjtiddete of the Sultan, might be strong enough for all purposes of internal order, but assuredly woulad be impotent against Russia or Austria. The M1oldo-Wallachians are not prepared for absolute independence; their Boyards, jealous of each other, wvould be in constant strife ; their councils- would be distracted; their Princes, whether selected from among themselves or from some foreign family, would not have the authority requisite to put an end to dissension or repress -civil strife; they would live in anarchy, if not civilwar,andwhencompletelyexhaustedtheir coultry would meet the fate of Poland, and their partition Would probably serve as the means of reconciliation between Austria and Russia. Moldavia and Wallachia have been accustomed to separation, and their sudden union would be injurious to them and only profitable to Russia. Austria is decidedly opposed to the union of the Principalities, and when the subject was mooted, as it is said it was in the Congress, Cotult Buiol gave .s mptoms of opposing it, to use the words of a Plenipotentiary, "jmesf2n'a l'e1nlepsie." You will :xadily believe that it is not out of any particular desire for the w.elfare of the oldo-Wallachian people that Austria abhors that idea. Her motives are purely personal. Among the faults of young nationalities an overweening -anityand a ridiculous confidence intheirow-nstrengtizarethe forewost. The Rorumanic "nationality" wnould not onlybelieve itself capable of defending itself against all comers with its unw-arlike population, but it would commence zn active propagandism among its neighboLrs. Now, -among the subject races vWhich submit more or less willingly to A4ustrian rule are the populations of the PBukovina, Transvlvania, and probably tvo-thirds of Hungary ; and the same race not only peoples Besarabia, but actually extends into part of 'Greece. The Austrians are too much hated in the Principalities to deserve any indllgence, and, even were the contrary the fact, the revolutionary spirit nawakened by the union of the provinces would not fail to extend to the kindred population of the qempire. The idea of a vast powver composed of the Proumanic suibjects of Austria would be too pleasing to be resistecl, and whether its realization were suc,C ssful or not it wvould g-ive much annoyance to her, and occasion firequent intervention. Austria would not tolerate revolttion in her ow n states, nor on her frontier. It is suspected that France -would not see the union witlh displeasure; it wo-uld yive constant occupation to the Cabinet of Vienla. I do not think such is the case with England. Lord Palmerston does not believe, or at least (lid not believe, that the Principalities are prepared for muion. He thinks, very properly, that the w isest plan for the Moldo-Wallachians is to irnprove in the best manner they can what they have got; to amend lheir laws. to correct abuses-in a word, to consolidate what is good, and remove -what is bad in the ,administration of the country. He thiinks that, once independent of the s-uerainetj of the Porte, they wvould cease to have the sympathy of E3urope, and England and France might not always be ready to defend them from aggression, wvhile their connexion vith Turkey would secure to them that protection. The conclusion of peace was announced to the French army by MIarshal Pelissier in the following proclamation "Soldiers,-The Emperor lately said to your brethren 'You have well deserved of the country., You will suecessively hear, in your turn, the same expressions fromn the anuust lips of His Majesty. " Soldiers,-By your energy, by your resolution, your heroic constancy, your indeinitable courage, you have achieved, with our brave and faithful allies, the peace of the world. "I have a right to say it, at the sight of so many fields of at-tle sprinkled with your blood, witnesses of your calm self-denial, and from wvhich each time your glory rose more radiant and noble, and crolvned your sublime efforts. " You .ill shortly see again your country, happy at your return, happy at a glorious peace, a peace signed at the cradle of anImperial infant. Let us all be impressed with that augury, let us find in it a new sign of Divine protection and, if necessary, an additional inducement to accomplish all our duties towards the Emperor and the countrv. "The Marshal Commander-in-Chief, A. PELISSIER. Hleadquarters at Sebastopol, on the 2d April, 1856." The following private telegraphic despatch has been received:- " DRESDE:N; 19TIr, EVNO ;G. "The Dres?d-n Jozerna announces ass positive that Count -de Nesselrode is about to retire from the Department of Foreign Affairs, and to be replaced by Prince Gortscbakoff, lately at Vienna. The same journal adds that, although Count de Xesselrode quits the Mlinistry of Foreign Affairs, he will still retain the post of Arch-Chancellor of the Ruszian empire." The industrial and commercial situation of Paris continues to improve. The- provincial retailers, who had prudently kept aloof during the negotiations of the Cong,ress, have, since the conclusion of peace, purchased largely in. the wholesale establishments and manufactories. Prices of raw niaterials, as well as of manufactured goods, accordingly tend to increase. Considerable orders for articles cle Pareis and cabinetwork have likeewise arrived from abroad, but the bronze and jewellery trades are extremely dull, particularly the latter, owing, no donbt, to the enormous rise in the price of diamonds. The accounts from the industrial districts are of a favourable nature. The manufacturers of Alsace and :Rouen are in a position remarkably advantageous, as cotton wool has not undergone the same rise as other raw materials. In the Paris corn-market -lunng tee past wveek r.tes have experienced little or no variation, The best sorts of flour, which, eight days ago, had fallen to 80f. per sack of 159 kilogrammes, were still to be had on the -name terms on Saturday, although on Wednesday the price had been forced up to Sf. oOc. and 82f. Those rates, however, were merely nominal. The first quality of bread might now be sold in Paris at 46c. per kilogramme, if the Administration, with a view to retrieve the sacrifices it made during the dearth, did not maintain it at Oc. The stock remaining in the Halle on Saturday amotunted to 29,76O metrical -quintals. The markets are abundantly supplied with wheat, which is unusual at this season. Its price continues the same as last week, but in the departments the tendency is generally downward, the fall on Saturdcy in the principal markets being from Vf. to 2f per hundred kilogrammes. At Marseilles wheat manifested a disposition to rise, and actually advanced from Uf. 50c. to 2f. on the 19th. The assize of meat during the second fortnight of April nshows another rise of 9c. per kilogramme in the price of beef and veal, although there is no deficiency in the supply of the provincial markets, or any cause to justify thehigh rates in those from which' Paris draws its supplies. There is no change in the wine market at Bercy. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 74f. 55c. for the end Qf the maonth ; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f.; and the New Loan at 75f. Orleans Railway shares, 1,415f.; Great Northern, 1,080f.; Stras,burg, 1,050f.; new shares, 887f.50Oc.; Paris and lyons, 1,445f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,670f.; Western of FRrance, 922f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 790f. ; Great Central of Fra7nce, 707f£ 50c,.; Lyons and Geneva, 817f. 50c.; Bank of Cradit Iobilier, 1,765f.; Austrisn railways, 94Sf. 75c. Courg Authentzque.-PAIuS, April 2L--Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., S9f 50c.; ditto (not reiubursable for 10 years), 93f. 75c. SOc ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 93f. 75c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 93f. 75c.; Four per Cents., 86f.; Three per Cents., 74f. 50c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. aid), 74f. 60e. 7.5e. - ditto Certificates (50 3er cent. paid), 74f. 60c. 75c. ; BFan of France, 3,975f. ',9. 3 pO.e Credit Foncier, 730f. ; ditto Obligations of 500W, Four per Cents., 435£.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f. ; Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,765f.; Discount Bank, 700f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f.; ditto Three per Cents., 60f. 50c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 90 ; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 98; Pomans, 91; Spanish Passives, 7.,; ditto Three per Cents., 45; ditto Interior Debt, 401. Ei'change on London, at sight, money, 25f. 37,c.; three months, money, 24f. 92Ac. AUSTRIA. (nROMox OUR3 OW- CORMSPO-DEr.) VIENNA, Aimr 18. The Vienmapapers question the accuracy of the statement recently made by The Tiwes relative to the military occupation by the Austrians of the frontiers of Parma towvards Sardinia, but it is acknowledged in official circles that the news is correct. The reason here given for the measure is, that Sardinian troops had. previously advanced to the frontier, but you are not expected to believe that it is the true one. The Austrians believe that the revolutionaryparty in Parma receives reinforcements from Sardinia, and the Oesterreichiscke Zeitutg does not scruple to aver that this Government has a right to establish a political cordon between the Duchy of Parina and Piedmont. Timid politicians affectto believe that the Austrian occupation of the frontiers of Parma " was settled between the representatives of the great Powers at Paris," bllt bolder spirits declare that Austria did not consider it necessary to consult France and England on a matter which concerned the DuchessRegent Louisa alone. It is possible that Count Buol announced the intention of his Court to Count Walewski and the Earl of Clarendon, but the probabilityis that the supreme military authorities acted without having previously consulted the Mfinister for Foreign Affairs or the Under-Secretary of State, who officiates for him during his absence. It is much feared here that the return of the Sardinian mlany may increase the general fermnent in Italy, and Austria is evidently resolved to be prepared for all contingencies. It is well known to me that the Duchess LIouisa demanded the assistance of this Government against the revolutionary party assembled in her capital, but it is doubtful whether she w ished to see Austrian troops spread over the whole duchy. General Count Crenneville, the Afiustrian Comnnander, has as great an objection to hirsute patriots as General Brown had to bearded soldiers, and the services of the Parmesan barbers are said to be in continual requisition. Some days since vou were assured that the statement of Le oor-d relative to the immediate evacuation of the Danubian Principalities was incorrect, and positive infoimation hasthismorningbeen given me that the Austrians do not intend to evacuate either Moldavia or Wallachia until the reorganization of those two provinces is completed. People here,who are but too well acquainted with the tricky policy of the Porte, still refuise to believe that the Western Powers will be so imnprudent as immediately to quit the Turkish ternitory. They maintain that the Sultan will never be able to carry out the projected reforms without the assistalce of foreign bayonets. Prince Stirbey, who is now extremely anxious to place himself on a good footing with Turkey and the WVestern Powers, takes great pains to prove that he was never the tool of Russia. The Wallachian Hospodar solemnily declares that he knew nothing whatever of the iiitended occupation of the two Principalities until the end of January, 1853, when he received the news of what was about to take place from M. Poujade, the French Consul, who had his information from this city. The French diplomatic agent also announced that as soon as the Russians entered Moldavia the Austrians would occupy Servia and Bulgaria. Prince Stirbey immediately forwarded the news to Constantinople, but received neither instructions nor a reply to his letter from Fuiad Effendi, who was then Minister for Foreign Affairs. In an article addressed to the AlHgsbrg Gazette Ban Constantine Ghika, the President of the Supreme Court of Justice, accuses Stirbey and his Divan of misgovernment and intentional misrepresentation. hi. Constantine Ghika affirms that the address of thanks not long since sent by the Divan to Stirbey w;as waritten to serve the purposes of the latter, and he at the same time gives a copy of a protest against it whiclh he forvarded to the Porte. As a special commission is about to examine into the state of things in the Principalities it does not appear necessary to repeat what M. C. Ghika says in his protest, but it may be as wvell to observe that he does not seem to be actuated by pure motives. He insists strongly on his patriotism and disinterestedness, but he evidently aspires to the HEospodarmate. lYesterday evening there was a large and distinguished party assembled at the houlse of an Austrian noble of the highest rank, and observations were made on the concordat which must have proved to the Mlinister present that the convention with Rome has not found favour in the sight of any class of society. Some of the remarks made might interest youir readers, but the concordat is the law of the land, and prudence bids me stay my pen. Many persons still believe, or endeavour to persuade themselves, that some of the conditions of the concordat will not be carried out; but it appears to me that the Emperor's reply to the address of the Austrian prelates is calculated to remove all doubt on the subject. His Majesty said:"What I have promised I will fulfil with the good faith which becomes a man and an emperor." It is wvell known that the violence of the Italian Bishops has inspired this Court with some little alarm. A Tyrolese, who is an ultra-Austrian and a very strict Catholic, yesterday assured me that the cession of so many of the prerogatives of the Crown to Rome had produced an Lmfavourable impression even on his fellow-countrymen, -who have a strongly-pronounced dislike to anything like sectarianism, or even lukewarmness, in matters of religion. The rich religious communities in Austria are also seriously alarmed, as a very general feeling prevails among them that the needy Roman See wvi make frequent appeals to their purses. A vrery singular scene occurred last Saturday in the palace inhabited by MI. Viale Prelh. When the Austrian prelates waited on the Papal Nuncio, Prince Schwvarzenberg, the Cardinal Achbishop of Prague, told him in French that they had come to render homage to the man whom they had to thank for the concordat. The astute Italian priest replied that he would not fail to forvard the message to Rome, but the Austrian Prince replied that the homage of the Synod was addressed to him personally. A regullar address will be sent by the Austrian prelates to His Holiness the Pope. The King of Kaples is said to look with intense suspicion on the Anglo-Italian Legion now at Malta. Sir Hamilton Seymoui has at last found a house which is a fitting residence for the representative of a great Power like England. The British Go- vermuent has an hotel for-the legation in Paris and in Constantinople, and it certainly ought to have one in Vienna, a city in which it is excessively di1ficult to get extensive apartments. Prince Gortschakoff has announced that large quantities of flour and biscuit will be publicly sold by Government in the kingdom of Poland. When the Russian armies are reduced Prince Gortschakoff will have the title of Commander-in-Chief of the Active Army. It is stated at Warsaw that Count W1alewski has expressed a wish to obtain possession of the estates which formerly belonged to his family in Russian-Poland. If he should purchase them the wicked world will not fail to say that he got them as a present from the Russian Crown for services rendered diuing the Paris conferences. Such large orders to buy shlares in the LonibardoVenetian railroads continuaUy arrive from London and Paris that they are still at 29i1 per cent. prem., although some of the smaler houses have already sold to a very considerable amount. Some GaUician nobles, who are here, are endeavourilg to obtain from the Emperor a promise to let them have the railroad from Cracow to Lemberg. Prince Sapieha, who is one of them, offers to share in the speculationto the amount of 15,000,000fl. The line of fortifications which was sometime since commenced in Gallicia is to be completed within three years. On Sunday next solemn thanksgivings will be offered up to the Most High for the restoration of peace, The Cardina-chbishop of Yienna will officiate, and of course the Ministers and diplomatists will be present at the ceremony. A detailed account of tho ironworks in Austria has juat appeared, andwe learn that 1,000,000 cwt. of rails can be manufactured annually, and 100,000 cwt. of axletrees, tires for wheels, &c. PRUSSIA. (FRO0 OUR OWN CORREs DNTr.) BERLIN', Arnir 20. In my letter of last Thursday I mentioned that in consequence of the last meeting of the conferences in Parns having taken place, Baron von *Manteuffel had left there for Berlin, vB Frankfort; ,'since then I have learned that at the last moment the M3inister President had found occasion to refer to the King for further orders, in compliance with which he remained there till Saturday morning. It appears that in the two days of Thursday and Friday the settlement of the subsidiary questions as to the shape in which they are to be made over to the special commissions was arranged. Moreover, the news appears to have arrived in Paris, and been forwarded hither, that the treaty of peace has been ratified by the Porte t as well as by Russia. The King of Prussia affixed his signature to the ratification on Friday morning, and information of the fact was immediately forwarded to Paris by telegraph. Baron von M1anteuffel is now expected back to-morrow morning. M. Balau, Secretary of Legation, who has acted as the deputy of the MIinister of Foreign I Afiairs during his absence in Paris, has received the Grand Cross of the Order of Stanislaus from the Emperor of Russia. The Prince of Prussia's return to Berlin has been delayed for a few days longer, but he will come to Berlin certainly this week. Elis son, Prince Friedrich Wilhelm, is arranging his future household; although he has been of age now three years he has not yet taken possession of the palace assigned him for his residence. He proceeds shortly to London on a visit to our Court. The present President of Police has intimated to the editors of the various journals here that it would be desirable that they should not in any way allude to the Prince's approaching betrothal to the Princess Pcoyal of Egland. The reason may be that as betrothal constitutes no formal ceremony in England, and the subject cannot be officially known in England till next spring, it would be more decorous not to make it a matter of public notoriety here. Another exhortation to reserve and discretion has been issued by the President of Police, requesting the press to be particularly careful in its allusions to the debates in the Chambers. The only apparent reason for this unusual caution, when there is no agitation apparent, is, that the Ministry are meeting with frequent reverses in the way of adverse majorities, and, as this unpropitious conjuncture of Right side and Left aide in opposition takes place on budget questions, the Government is compelled to pay some attention to it. On matters of politics or administration the Government would content itself with throwing the question over to the next session, but in the matter of ways and means this course is not so feasible; the supplies must be obtained for the current year, and admit of no delay. There is, however, nothing in this position to afford any ground for the rumours that have been current for some time, and least of all that the Ministry to take the place of the present one would be formed fromiout of the ranl-s of theKircez Zeititcg party. The difficulties of the present Ministry are financial, and it is not impossible that the present Milinister of Financemayseethepropriety of resigning hisfumntions. Even this is improbable; but in such case it would be in vain to look for financial talent to the Right side of the House. Tn the constitution of the committee by the House of Deputies on the subject of finance taxation they have been obliged to take exclusively members of the Left side, fronm a confessed deficiency of financial capacity on the Right. The present hitch is that the House refuses to -vote any new taxes until the Government states clearly what it intends to do with the unspent balance of the 30,000,000 voted for the Krieg,sbereitschaft; this balance amoumts to about 16,0'5 ,000 thalers. In the absence of any declaration from the Government, people expect to see it applied to the extension of the fleet, to the construction of a harbour and doekyards at Jahde Bay, to the construction of certain railways thought requisite from a strategical point of view, or to the commencement of a plan for fortifying Berlin. The last occasion on which the necessity of fortifying Berlin was forced upon the public mind was in 1850, when Prussia and Austria were oil the brink of war; but ever since Berlin has been a place of consequence at all it has been evident to all military men that nothing but strong fortifications can insure anything like tranquillity to the State in case of war. It lies open and exposed on a waste sandy plain, devoid of any natural facilities for defence; there are no fortresses nearer than Spandau and Magdeburg; an army that might be sent to meet an invading force might be defeated or circumvented, and Berlin would then be at the mercy of the enemy. As a large part of the present existing population of Prussia knowvs by experience what it is to have the capital in the possession of the enemy, it is not wonderful that the idea is at times much talked of; but it is not likely that the Chambers would ever vote any money for the purpose, because that would entail a necessity for increased taxes. The reduction of the war footing of the arny to its usuial peace complement will probably ensue this week, as the Royal command and the detailed orders of the Ministry of War have already been issued to the various officers commanding in different garrisons. The reduction will affect more particularly-i, all the cavalry regiments; 2, all the batteries of the nine regiments of artillery (the recently organized fifth batteries, 6 pounders, of every regiment) are to be entirely disbanded; 3, the technical companies of the artillery. The military court to which the affair of the Rinkeldey duel was referred has now finished its trial of Herrvon Rochow, and communicated its judgment and sentence to the King; until it has been confirmed by the latter probably nothing will be allowed to transpire on the subject. Hitherto the secret has been so well kept by the parties concerned that nobody indulges even in a guess as to the nature of the result. A paragraph has been inserted identically in all the papers, the origin of which is clearly the Polizei Presidium, to the effect that very careful investigations have been instituted of late with regard to the Potsdam despatch theft; that these investigations would already have led to a judicial trial of the man Techen, if the latter had not been confined by illness to the hospital of the Stadtvogtei Prison for the last few weeks. As the man is already 75 years old, has been an invalid for a long time, and has now no interest in getting well, it is more than probable that he will continue to be confined by iUlness to the sick ward of the said prison. Last Friday there were aetually three days! mails from England overdue. There are no less than five parties competing for the concession or license to found an establishment in St. Petersburg similar to the Cr6dit Yobilier in Paris; among these five are two English, the Parisian Credit Mlobilier, and the Bank of Vienna. It is firnrly intended in St. Petersburg to permit the establishment of an institution the object of which wou ld be to promote commerce and ma- nufactures and to improve credit; but the Emperor has, nevertheless, given the strictest orders in connexion with this to keep clear as much as possible of English and French capitalists. The object of Baron Stieglitr's journey is to construct a company, with the assistance of the Credit 3Iobilier, to carry out the intentions of the Emperor. Here in Berlin he has addressed himself, in the first instance, to the capitalists who had intended to form a credit institution in Warsaw; in the second place, with the entreprencurs of a credit institution in Silesia; and furtlher with the Consul, Dufour Feronde, of the Leipsic Bank of Credit. After leaving Paris, where he will confer with -various leading financiers, in addition to the institution of the Crddit Mobilier, Baron Stieglitz will proceed to Amsterdam, where, in conjunction with the house of Hope, it is expected that he will conclude the consolidation of the undertaking under the firm of Stieglits-Hope. From Warsawr wre learn at the same time that Prince Gortachakoff some time back appointed a special committee, with the President of the Bain of Poland for its chairman, to deliberate on the means of imparting fresh life to the trade cf Poland, which for the last two years has been extremely depressed. The report of the commission shows that the bank is totally unable to irncrease its discount unless it be permitted ta extend it capital and alter its statutes. Prince GrbtvhaIsQff hereupon resolved to -,Ah i thle a d of foreign capital. In 2lmnance of this intention the President of the Bank of Poland was very shortly to leave Warsaw for Berlin, for the purpose of inviting the Discount Society of this town to establish branches in Warsaw, Lublin, and Kalich. Very favourable terms are, it is said, to be offered as an inducement. Last Monday the Administrative Council rejected all the proposals made to it for the establishment of a Polish Credit Mobilier, and also the offers that were made by several of the newly established banks of Germany. RUSSIA. (PreO OUR BIRLUi VORWZ0lDENT) BEPIEN-, ApaiL 19. You will already have seen from the St. Petersburg papers that the Emperor intended to leave that city for Moscow on the 9th inst., and this intention he, in fact, carried out on the day in question, in company with his brothers the Grand Dukes. Three various objects seem to be aimed at in this journey to the ancient capital of Russia. Officially the Emperor went there to be present at the secular jubilee of the Grenadier Regiment of the Body Guard, which was to take place on the 11th inst., on which occasion he was to give new colours to the battalions not only of the active, but also of the reserve regiment. These new colours the Emperor was himself to nail to their staves on the day preceding the ceremony. The head officer of police in St. Petersburg had already, on the 5th inst., made known to the inhabitants that the Emperor had given permission for all those now attached to or that had previously served in this regiment to repair to Moscow to be present at the solemnity. A second purpose of this journey on the part of the Emperor was to return to the Monastery of the Trinity (Troitzk) the picture of St. Sergius, to which qesi-miraculous powers are attributed, and which he had borrowed from the holy brothers there on occasion of his recent visit to head-quarters in the Crimea. The third purpose is the compliance with a custom of the Imperial family on the conclusion of any imaportant era or event in their history to repair to Moscow, as it were for the purpose of personally proclaining it to their Muscovite subjects. In addition to the above, it is not impossible that the approaching coronation may form part of the business that will occupy the Emperor's attention, as it seems already to occupy a prominent position in the thoughts of his subjects. The day fixed for the ceremony is the 30th of August; the expenses are estimated at 14,000,000f. The Emperor'sabsencefrom St. Petersburg was not to exceed five or six days, and a trip to the Baltic provinces is spoken of as likely to be made immediately on his return. The conclusion of the peace was celebrated in St. Petersburg on the 6th inst. by a solemn Te Detvna in the chapel of the Winter Palace, which was attended by the whole Court, all the high officers of State, and the cmrps diplomatiqte. The circumstance of that day being the festival of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin according to the Greek calendar contributed to heighten the solemnity of the occasion. All the ladies appeared, according, to Court etiquette, in the Russian costume, the gentlemen in Court dress. The treaty itself reached St. Petersburg and wYas ratified by the Emperor before he left for Moscow. Count Schuvwaloff was the bearer of it from the French capital. I. de Tftoff; who, together-with Prince Gortschakoff, represented ussia at the Vienna Conferences of last year, and has since then been accredited to the Court of lWurtemberg, arrived in St. Petersburg on the 3d inst., and appears to have been most graciously received by the Emperor, and to be intended by him for a higher diplomatic post than those which he has hitherto occupied. Just before his departure for Moscow the Emperor gave some commands to M. de Titoff which led to the latter's immediately telegraphing to Berlin, Vienna, and Stuttgard. In the absence of any distinct knowledge of the nature of these commands the would-be-well-informed politicians of the Court maintain that they had reference to the Emperor's intended journey to Germany, which has been a favourite subject for prospective speculation with the political quidnuncs ever since the peace appeared certain. Another statement is to be found in men's mouths as to the circumstances immediately preceding the Emperor's departure for MIoscow. He is reported to have expressed his determination that all the children born of serfs on and after the day of his coronation shall be fiee. It is true that this statement circulates among persons usually well informed on such matters; but in judging of its probable truth we must bear in mind that the wvhole atmosphere of Russian society teems just now with expectations of great and startling reforms, and that every single incident is seized upon as a groundwork for a fresh prospect of improvement. The character of the Emperor certainly confers some appearance of credibility on the story; but the recent wholesale destruction of delusions as regards other expected reforms in Russia and Poland tends to restrain any disposition to repose faith in any statement of the kind. One circumstance, however, is worthy of notice-that in Russian correspondence it is mentioned here and there that the great landowners and proprietors of "souls" are themselves arriving at certain conivictions which lead them to desire a change in the present institution of serfdoa; this condition differs from slavery only in the irremovability of the serf from the soil on which he is raised; but, as in slavery his owner has to provide for him in sickness and old age, the new relation they seem to be striving for is that of landlord and tenant. That no measure can contribute so rapidly to develope the agricultural and commercial resources of the country as this change -will be evident; the results of the half-principle of the Obrok system show how much may be expected from the Russian peasantry when relieved from all otherfettersthan a money payment to their superior. In no country are the two principles of association and self-government seen so extensively carried out as in the communal institutions of Russia; the division of labour, too, is there practised as completely as in the best organizedmanufactories of the West. When, therefore, free scope is given to the individual industry, docility, and ingenuity of the Russian peasant, under the auspices of the above-mentioned general principles, a surprisingly extensive development may not unfairly be looked for. It is perhaps the excessive taxation levied on this human property by the late war which is making proprietors just now inclined to divert their capital from a species of property so necessary to the army purposes of the State into one less capable of destructive tation; the rents payable by manumitted serfs would certainly far exceed their earnings in times of peace, and in times of war no contributions levied on the land or its produce could be half so ruinous as the wholesale confiscation of human flesh involved in a levy of recruits from out of a herd of serfs. The homceopathic physician of the late Emperor lN;cholas, Dr. Mandt, who, after the decease of his niperial patient, retired to Frankfort-on-the-Oder, where his wife and familyreside, has been summoned by the Empress MIother to returnto Russia and give her the benefit of his medical advice. Since he has resuimed his treatment of her the august lady has so far improved in health as to be able to look forward with confidence to the exertions of the coming summer. As I have already reported to you, she pro- poses to visit this Court(Berlin) in May, to proceed then to Stuttgard, Hohenzollern, and some German springs, to return to Moscow for her son's coronation in August, and then to spend the winter in Sicily. Almost all the papers here (Berlin) have been supplied, for the purpose of insertion, with a formal denial on the part of the Russian Government of its having any intention of issuing a new loan at present. hn my last letter on this subject I adduced some reasons to show that it could not at present contemplate thlis step, seeing that the whole of the last loan has not yet been taken up. There are at present no les3 than five rival competitors in St. Petersburg for the Government concession or license to erect there a monetary institution according to the pattern of the Parisian and other continental Crddit Mobiliers. Among them is the house of Baring Brothers, the Vienna Bank, and the Parisian CrOdits Mlobilier. The names of the other two haLve not been mentioned to me. As regards the chances of the Government coming to any arrangement with either, I am given to understand that the English house and any firm that stands umder English influence stand the least chance of success, and next to them the Bank of Vienna. As regards the Parisia Credit Mobilier, my informant tells nie that the Government, though on the whole favoourable, is not without its misgivings, and among other stipulations it 'would make in case o) its giving the preference to this French establishment would be that it §houd adopt some RBuita tradingfirm or xtyle. Baron Stieglitz, wlo hu, hitherto been the one great monetary despot of St. potersburg, on finding these potent rivals in the field, &a, resolved on seeling additional resources abroad, to,enable him to satisfy the exigencies of the preseni speculative crisis in Russia. My last letter told you of his having arTived here, and -of his conferring 'with various monetary magnates of this place ; in this one I have to add that he left :here yestesday for Paris. His intention ar3Vas to be to, form a coalition between his own houec and the Parisian Credit MIobilier, various maoneyed men here, and the persons whom I mentioned some three weeksbaclk as contemplatinga banl;ing andindnstrial undertaking in Silesia, withRussia for their field of operations. With these combined resources Stieg. litz seems to think he will be equal to the emergencies and the opportunities of the position. His views seem to be tolerably cosmopolitan, if we except our own countrymen, for, in addition to his inviting Prussians and Frenchmen to join, one of his Last acta before leaving here was per telegraph to invite MI. Dufour Feronee, one of the founders of the Credit Institut of Leipsic, to repair hither to confer with him. In WVarsaw also our countrymen are busy in the field of competition for the privilege of establishing a bank of issue. I have not at present learnt the names, nor are they very material, seeing that they have failed of their purpose. The Berlin house, also, which despatched one of its members thither on the sam.e errand, has returned here without meeting with any success. One very wholesome measure contemplated by the Russian Government is to let the present railway from Warsaw to Myslowitz (where Russia, Austria, and Prussia adjoin) to private capitalists. Of these there are already two combinations in the field,-the St. Petersburg house of Stieglitz and the Warsawhouse of Leopold;theother,theViennahouse of Rothschild and the Warsaw house of Fr5nckel. It is contemplated to grant the concessio)uwries a lease of the existing railroad for 99 years, with tho right of constructing branch lines to various towns, such as Kalisch, Lodz, Zgierz, &c. NEAPOLITALN POLITICS. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) NA-PLES, AaamL 17. The grand f9te in honour of the birth of an heir to the Imperial Throne of France took place at the French Legation on Monday evening. The great feature of thefcSte wasthe presence of IHis M^ajesty, who, notwithstanding the predictions of the many, came in grand state. HTis Majesty retires as mauch as he can from the world, and had refused some short time since an invitation to Sir William Temple's, but the political situation is somewhat changed during this interval, and it is the policy of the King now to conciliate the French Court. The Royal cwrMge consisted of nine carriages, each of which was preceded and flanked by pages, and surrounded by a body of Guardia Nobile. On arriving, at about half-past 10 o'clock, at the French Leg,ation, which was brilliantly Muminated and guarded by cavalry and infantry, M. le Baron Brenier and Madame Brenier received the Royal guests at the foot of the staircase, and conducted them to the ball-room, which wvas then opened for the first time. The Royal party consisted of their Majesties, the Hereditary Prince and his brother, the Grand Duke and Duchess of Tuscany, with their two sons, the Counts of Syracuse and Trapani, the brothers of the King, and the Spanish Princes, Montemolin and Sebastian, with their consorts. The band struck up the National Anthem as the Royal party entered, and afterwards His Majesty, with Mladame Brenier and the several members of the Royal family, opened the ball with a quadrille. Dancing was kept up till halfpast 4 o'clock. Their Majesties, however, left in grand state soon after supper,-about 3 or half-past 3 o'clock. Eight hundred invitations had been issued, and there could not have been many refusals, for the crowd was immense, consisting of the entire diplomatic body, with the exception of the Prussian and the Swedish Ministers, who wereabsent through illness; the Ministers and great officers of State, the heads of public and learned bodies, the principal nobility, and, in,fact allof any rank or consideration among the residents or strangers. To M. Benier, and therefore to France, the compliment, however unwillingly paid, was of the most marked character, and in the actual position of affairs is not, perhaps, without some political significancy. The propositions of Count Cavour have thrownthe Court party into a state of the most painful anxiety, while they have created the strongest hopes in this longsuffering people. Let France, therefore, be conciliated, honoured, at any price. She withher Royal ally of England is nowr no longer the baffled foe of Russia. The allies are nowrr mistresses of the position. It will not do any longer to set them at defiance, or indirectly to insult them. So let France be honoured. Thus I interpret the recent Royal visit to the French Legation. In the same sense may be explainedthe newpolitical systemrwhichhasbeen adopted in the interior of the country, or rather the suspension of the old system of persecution. Orders have been given to stay some political prosecutions. From Santo Stefano and Vendotena principally 82 persons who have been detaied there under the sirveidla,we of thepolicehavereturned. At Vendotena 20 other persons still remain, and many, but how many I caunot say, still remain at Ponza. What is the cause of this eagerness to put one's house in order ? Are the authorities listening to the pleading of humanity, to the stern voice of justice ? Not at all. It is feared that the allied Powers may interfere to put a stop to a state of things which is a disgrace to a civilized age, and which compromises the peace of Europe from day to day. But let this storm blow over without any results, and the old system will be revived in its full rigour. It is the deep conviction of all parties here that nothing good will ever be honestly initiated in Naples bythe powers that be, and that nothing good, however initiatedor insinuated by others, will ever be persisted in without foreign control and guarantees. I lay much stress on the opinion of commercial men in particular, whose general interests are on the side of tranquillity, and they point to railways in abeyance, the Cr6dit Mobilier, and other speculations always in embryo, for a want of that faith which an honest, strong, and enlightened Government alone can create. The greatest agitation under the most tranquil surface now prevails here. The police have orders to wateh the cafes and other places of public resort with unusual strictness, in order to ascertain the spirit of the people at this crisis. In the public offices business is almost suspended. Prince Castelcicala, the Viceroy of Sicily, is expected daily from Sicily, and I doubt much whether he will resume an office which he accepted most unwillingly, and for which he is so ill adapted that he positively does nothing. In Palermo it is whispered that a Royal Prince may be sent out, while it has not escaped attention that Filangieri (Prince Satriano) has been much in communication with Colonel Agostinis, the Secretary of the King. In fact, Filangieri is the only man in the country -who would be equal (at all events, as regards grarp of mind) to the crisis we are approaching. There is much talk in Naples of a representation having been sent by this Government to foreign Governments showing that a Constitution here would lead to the establishmentof a republic, and that a note had been received in answer guaranteeing the throne from excesses through the intervention of the allies. I cannot trace it to any authentic source, but it is generally spoken of. I may state, however, that the Rendencies of th Imberal party are by no meant Republicai, buth should justice here be delayed, it will be impossible to answer for the excesses of thought and action into which men may pluhge. ITALY. We find in the Opinirrne, of the 19th instant, the following reply addressed to the ConRstit ttioin:- "1. We also know, without going to Vienna, that the memorandum of the Sardinian I'lenipotentiaries was not officially presented to the Congress, but we maintain our former statement that it was submitted to the appreciation of the Emperor of the French and of the English Government, and, to satisfythe Vienna correspondent of the Conzstitutionac., we will aid-at the formal request of Napoleon III. " 2. Nobody affirmed that the Sardinian memorandam was read in the Conference, this being a.matter of ittle consequence, if the Plenipotentiaries discussed at 3egth its contents. " 3. It is very truo that no decision was adoptea, becawus the Austrian representatives opposed a plea in bar; but, if no deliberation took place on the means of remedying the evils of Italy, it does not follow, we repeit, that they wzer not made the subjeqt of a long coarfersation. It is truly strange that tha Viepna correspouidunt slhould miaintain that tl.5 word ' Italy' was not even pramonwned, when it;i.a well known that the afis of Italy occuny the ast two protocols of the Conference. The corresponadent probaWiy heard that the Plenipotentiaries spoke of Naples, Romet the Duchier., &, but that no mention was made of Italy as a nation or power. I We-will content ouraelvee with reminding the Conb sfitutionneZ that great questions are not to be solved by equivocations; that old diplomacy might denv the exist. ence of an evil so long as it was not oficiahly revealed, bat that, since the events of 1848, the plea in bar will not 'e accepted by public opinion, which, as Napoleon IiL obe&'rved, mlust always ultimately triumph. Let the cor. respwdent now state whether public opinion is favourable to Aus,ia or to Italy." The G3enoa Go)r7ere Mercan te, of the 18th inst.5 announces that the English Government had placed: 28steamers st the disposal of the Sardiniaii Government to bring home its troops from the Crimea.
THE FBRNyH ABMY IN T2E EAST. The Aloniteur of yesterday pxbHishes the following "The Emperor, mtuch concerned about the state of health of the army in the East, had charged one of his Aidesde-Camp, General Lespinasse, to inanire of Marshal Pelissier and of the French authorities at Cbnstantinople into the causes of the epidemic and respecting themeans to stop it. General Lespinasse, who was provided with the fullest powers to accomplish his mission, has, in obedience to the orders given by the Emperor, drawn up a report for His Majesty. In this report the General informs the Emperor that the epidemic has ceased in the Crimea, and that he has proceeded to Constan-. tinople to continue his inquiries." The Moniteur also publishes the following telegraphic despatch: " Sebastopol, April 18. " Yesterday I held a review of the troops of all arms of the army of the Crimea. General Luders and a considerable number of Russian offilcrs, Generals Codrington and. Della Marmora, were present at this military festivaL " The troops, leaning -with their zight on the Col redoubt, 'with their centre on the heights of the Mronastery of St. George, and their left towards Kartch, formed an immense and magnificent line of battle of more than 12,000 metres in extent. " The Emperor woulld have been delighted, as I myself was, at the fine condition and martial appearance of the men, to whom I had that very day announced the rewards which His Majesty has deigned to authorize me to grant toe them in his name. " After a short repose at General Codrington's, wLho hadl assembled the officers of the four armies, the English troops turned out in admirable order, and. provided a second and superb review. "The health of the army is becoming excellent. "Marshal PELISSIEB."
NAXAL AND MThITARY INTELLIGENCE. The screw steam-sloop Nxiger was yesterday morning undocked, and placed under the shears in the inner basin at Woolwich, to receive her boilers and machinery. The steam despatch-vessel Nimrod, launched yesterday from the yard of Messrs. Scott Russell and Co., of Millwall, replaced the Niger in No. 3 docl. The Nimrod, like the Roebuck, has arrived at Woolwich. The shiprvight department of the dockyard have received instractions to carry on the work of completing the vessel with the least possible delay. The screw transport Chanticlefr,No. SS, partly laden -with stores for the western yards arrived yesterday morning off Woolwich from Deptford. Captain W. C. L Blosse, commanding the 3d company, 12th battalion Royal Artillery, with Second Captain W. W. Lukin and Ideutenant W. B. Rice, with a full company of gunners and drivers, will leave head-quarters, Woolwvicb, this mornig for Northampton. The steam transport Chanticleer, N\o. SS, Robert Vincent comnmander, leftDeptfordyesterday morning for Plymouth. She will leave a few stores at Portsmouth prior to her talding in biscuits at Plymouth, when she will at once proceed to Malta and the Crimea. An order from the War-office arrived at the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, yesterday, directing Ensign Franklin and Ensign Turner, of the 26th Cameronians, to embark on board the St. Michael, in charge of a large detachment of that corps under orders to proceed to Bermuda. A number of non-commissioned officers belonging to the lepots comprising the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, were yesterday selected by Colonel Jervis, for the purpose of taking charge of the helpless sick and wounded Crimean soldiers who have been discharged on the recommendation of a Chelsea bcoard. The men selected will proceed with the invalids to their respective homes. In our notice of the militia regiments which marched before Her Majesty at Aldershott Camp on Satuiday, no mnention was madeoftbe HerefordshireandCavanRegiments. Those regiments should have been included in the account as they perfonned the same part as the others,
THE SOUND DUES. (IO'K A1TR 1l.RT.ThV c1WfTA In a recent leader you mentioned that'tho Go'ermment of the United States had given the Danish Government a term of two months, from the period of its treaty with Denmark on the sabject of the Sound dues expiring, for the purpo3e of enabling it to come to an arrangement with the gener.al body of the States interested in that impost. siince then our Government has taken into consideration the plan proposed by the Danish Government for having the annual amount of the Sound dues capitalized, and getting the capital to be raised for this purpose paid up at once bythe differentStates, according to the proportion in w hich they are interested. This proposition of the Danish Cabinet the 3nglish Government has rejected, as wevhave learnt| here from various London papers, and the intellivence has since been confirmed on good authority in openhagen. At the timle of rejecting the Danish plan the English Government reserved to itself to propose another without los of timne. This has since then been done, and is of the following nature, viz. :-The Sound dues are to be retained, buttheir amount shall in futiure be levied in the Baltic ports instead of at Elsinore. In two respects this proposal is in confornity with English interests. 1. It proposes to prolong the revenue which serves as security to the AngloDanish loan. 2. It proposes to remove one of the very great objections to the Sound dues-viz., that of conmpelling vessels to heave to in the narrow straits, wnere the current setting out from the Baltic into the German Ocean mrakes all anchorage ditlicult and dangerous, by wYhich delay a favourable wind is often lost, and not again retrieved for a week or so. Both these ends, however, woould have been obtained by concurring in the general desire to capitalize the amiount, already agreed to by the Baltic Powers, provision being mlade that the amoiult of the ,nglish claim upon Denmark be made a lien upon the capital to be thus paid into the Danish treasury. The Germanpress contains various statements as to what the proposal of the English Government is ; tlhus, for instance, the E nglish Government is said to propose that a period of 14 years should be conceded to the Danish Government to continue to levy this tax, after which it should expire of itself in virtue of a treaty to be now concluded between DenmaLrk and all the States interested. Another -version is, that the principles of capitalization-and seven the amount proposed by Demiark-are to be accepted; b.t, instead of payment dovn, the amount is to be spread over a period of 14 or 21 years, as may be agreed upon. Th3irdly, and last of all, that the Baltic States alone should take upon themselves the redemption of the capital representing the annual amount of the Sound dues, andpay it off in annual instalments. But, among all th.e various modifications of plans for redeemin:ug or buying up Denmark's "vested interest" in the Sotund dues-onthe necessity of wlhichtheBaltic Sttes, even including Russia, are nowv all agreednone is to be found except that emanating from the E,nglish Government, proposing the retention of the impost for all future time; English interests are as much opposed to this plan as those of any otlher State,. provided the Anglo-Danish loan be. equitably paid off -with the proceeds of the capitalization, or its inlterest secured in some other wvay by Denmark. Information that has reached me states positively, that the Governments of the Baltic States are resolutely opposed to this proposition of perpetuating the Sound dues and collecting the proceeds in Baltic ports. It is averred to be not only impracticable in execution, but to be opposed to their expressed wishes and interests. In this latter objec"ion (of the impracticability of execution) Denmark herself is more than all interested; and, therefore, we may confidentlv expect that this proposal of the English Cabinet vill be unanimouslv rejected at thie conferences in Copenhagen. The impossibility of execution consists in this-that it will require a Danish agent to reside at every port and landing-place inthe Baltic, and be armed therewith suflicient administrative powers by the local government for the collection of the dues on any vessel entering there and landing her cargo; for greater security a Danish Custom-house officer would have to be put on board every vessel passiig the Belts and Straits, in whose custody the ship and cargo would be placed until the dues were satisfied in the Baltic port; moreover, it would be requisite that the Governments of the Baltic States should undertake to enforce the claims of a foreign agent on vessels entering their ow n ports, and give security for their owvn subjects not conniving at their evasion. As soon as this proposal of the English Government becomes knon in the countries most interested in the question the convictionwill gain g,round that,under an appearance of protectng English interests, we are in fact playing into the hands of America or Russia; its impracticability of execution will insure its rejection bv the Baltic States, and thus jeopardize the arriving at any result previous to June 14, when the two months' term allowed by the Government of the United States expires; any violent steps then taken by that Government will ensure either the abolition of the So.und dues altogether, or their retention in their present form. In the former case America is best served, in the latter Russia; and England has lost in both. The quota of the redemption-capital that would fall to the share of England according to the Danish scheme of repartition is 1,200,000l., or 2-7ths of the whole amount. It remains for Parliament to decide whetherthe interests of English trade with the Baltic, which, though the nunber of English ships passing the Sound has been constantly decreasing ever since 1849, is not yet destroyed, do not call for this amount being added to the national debt in consideration of English trade with those parts being relieved from this burden; and it would probably facilitate the transaction if bonds of tlhe Danishl loan vwere to that amount transferred to the Consolidated Fund for payment of their interest, the Danish Government having only to provide for the security or the redemption of the reniainder. About two months back there was a motion introduced into each house of t'ne Diet here to caU upon the Government to profit by the present opportunity to precure a settlement of the Sound dues' qaestion; the motions have been referred to conmittees for preparatory discussion, and the Government will take good care that no reports rhall be brought uip on them before the end of the session, when the motions, as a matter of necessity, fall to the ground. This Government is wilEinog to coincide in a scheme of capitalization and redemP tion, and w.il find its position rendlered very difficult in thit matter as soon as the last project of the English Government is known. All along there has been an active party in this country aggitating for a resistance of the claims of Denmark to Sound dues, which rest on the somewhat weak basis of prescription sanctioned by treaties capable of being determined by almost all the States concernedl at a yeafs notice; they call for abolition of the Souid dues without indemnity to Denmark, on the g,rond that she neverhad a right to them in principle. This party has been rapidly increasing ever since it was known that England is also oDposed to an indemnity to Denmark, and they now& call upon the Government not to compromise itself by anuY offer of indlemnity ; the whole institution of the Soumd dues, they say, is about to topple to the ground. lVhen they Inow that England proposes to perpetuate the tax and to saddle them with all the anncyances and complication attendant on the tax beingllevied in the Baltic ports, they will leave their Go; erament little peace, to whom nothing can be so unvelcome just now as anything arising to produce ill blood between England and. Prussia. *r was enabled to communicate to yoni the last proposal of the English Government; that same day the report of the committee of the House of DeDuties here v,was distribu'ted, which had been dra;n up after it.s preliminary discussion of a motion to the following effect:- *'TLat the House of Deputies will resolve to request the Governnmnt to take the oppressive burdens of the Sound Dues into special consideration, and to weigh how far the proper moment nmay be already arrived for giving notice of their termination; and also, in the case of negotiationm being opened with reference to the taxes on navigation, to avail itself of the assistance of a conunittee of men acquainted with these matters." Together with this motion there were referred to the same committee four petitions on the samo sub*ject from the commercial communities of Konicsberg, Stettin, Stralsund, and Dantsic, all callingon the Government, in various terms and with different degrees of earnestness, to take all necessary steps to procure an end to be put to the burdens imposed upon commerce by the So.un~. Dues. Judgn by the report as printed. and distributed to the members, the committee has confined its lsbours to ascertainig wfhat was donie and said in the commlittee onthe aanse su bject ial lest session, and w;here the nail was driven then trying, if possible, to clinch it now, the late steps of the Government of the tnited States offering theni a welcome example to ahold up for imitation to their own Government. The conmis. saries of the Government taken from the Ministries of Commerce and Foreign Affairs seem also to have confined themselves to the statement that- " The Government has hitherto not lost sight of tho sub. ject, and will continue to devote its attention to it; it is, however, not in a position just now to be able to afford any information as to the negotiations now pending." The Cominission has thereupon come to the resolution to propose to the Bouse to pronounce that- " Tho House of Deputies coincides with the Government in recognizing again the prejudicial influences of the Sound Dues on Thussia's commerco and shipping -interests, and trmsts tnat the Govemment will energetically follow up the getting rid of the Sound Dues in the negotiations that have been opened on the subject."
SADLBB'S41BZLLS ZHEATRE. Generally, provincial celebrities are not articles of universal currency, and an actor who is looked upon as a histrionic marvel in the "country" often finds his position in London very analogous to that of some leader of fashion in Calcutta yhen transplanted to the same region of sublime indifference. In other words, ho makes the unpleasing discovery that he is-nobody; therefore the mere cireumstance that a gentleman named Charles Dillon had achieved a considerable reputation in Dublin, Manchester, Liverpool, and Edinburgh was anything but an earn,est that his course here would with equal directness lead to the Temple of FameIt is not too nmuch to say that to local glory the metropolis is less likely to prove a Pantheon than a cemetery-without mionuments. However, Mr. Charles Dillon gives such evidence of the true material, and the impression he made on Monday night was of such a genuine kind, that even if his temperament is not remarkably sanguine, he has a right to expect that his de&ut-albeit, taking place in renote Pentonville-will become a topic of conversation among all whose discourse turns upon the merits of plays and playeps. The piece selected was a version of Paillcrsse, a drama written by MM.L Marc Fourmier and Dennery, for the purpose of showing that a nan may have a heart although he is an acrobat by trade, and already rendered familiar to the London public by the acting of M. Frederic Lemaitre and Mr. Benjamin Webster. The problem proposedby the authors to be solved by the actor is the expression of the most intense feeling, without oblivion of the fact that the saffererisa mereitinerant mountebank after all, trained among the eircumstances peculiar to an art no proficiency inwhich wiU attainany amount of social dignity. Now, this problem-by no means an easy one-is, we must declare, solved by MIr. Charles Dilon in a manner most satisfactory, and it is not often that wve see such rare effects of pathos produced with such a thorough absence of stage trick. He came on as the vagabond tumbler-neither 'better nor worse-the street charaltan, whose only object in life is to pick up a few small coins, less by talent than by bombast and impudence. No attempt was made to refine the character or to take from it one iota of its appropriate coarseness, and it was only by imiperceptible degrees that the despised Belphegor (as he is caUed) grew into an object of absorbing interest. The distresses which harass the man's soul when the wreck of his domestic happiness is threatened were indicated by natural touches which commanded sympathy precisely because they did not seem to solicit it, and when the destructive bolt had actually been hurled, and the mountebank, deprived of his wife and youngest child, clasped his elder offspring to his heart, as the only lovable thing in the dreary world, there was an intensity of affectionate grief in the action that was the very perfection of pathos. The famous scene in which Paillasse attempts-starved in body and blighted in mind-to go through his tricks, in the presence of a giddy throng, who, thinking his sorrows assumed, merely deride them, was just on the same principle of accomplishing the highest elaboration without the least appearance of artifice. The buffoon was haggard and thin, not because he wanted to produce an effect, but because- he had had nothing to eat; his voice was broken, not that he might win applause, but because he was-so it seemed-really and truly miserable. We are apt to associate with the provinces the notion of something extremely conventional-the adoption of set forms for every variety of human emotionout here, as if to dissipate our prejudices, was a nost remarkable part, profoundly conceived, and followed nto its minutest intricacies without the slightest deviation ronm nature. The various towns in which Mr. Dillon has ained his renown may consider their suifrages increased 50 )er cent. in value by his de'but on Monday night. The piece, which, although entitled Belpego-r, is not dentical with the Adelphi version, being much more altered rom the French original, was altogether most creditably Lone. Mrs. Charles Dillon, who plays the mountebank's vife, is, indeed, of an artificial school, but she thoroughly isderstands the business of the part. Mr. James Rogers, mown at the west-end as an original low comedian, exdibits abundance of ingenious whim as the attendant clown, vho carries his clown-nature into private life. Mr larrett, a sound actor in all that he undertakes, and me of the most serviceable members of Mr. Phelps's ompany, gives an efficient and carefulrepresentation of the AId French nobleman, strongly imbued with the aristocratic )ride and the lax morality of the ancien rygime. The son f Belphegor-a very important part, inasmuch as it passes rom roguish merriment to actual starvation-is performed ry little Miss Rose Edouin (the "Puck" of &idsummer yighes Dream) in a manner far above the average of juvenile exhibitions. Even the good-natured danscuse who of the assembled audience of Belphegor alone discerns the real misery of the buffoon was brightened into interest by the frank manner of Miss Cuthbert, and a mwdicum, of praise is due to Mr. Swanborough for his amusing insipidity, as one of those inanimate stage fops who perhaps have stood more wear and tear than any personages on the stage. Some of the French nobility were, however, we are bound to say, not aristocratically represented.
ST. JAMLES'S THEATRE. The peculiar talent of Signor Picco seems to grow upon the public. A third series of concerts, under his name, was commenced on Monday night at the above theatre, which was filled by an appreciating audience. Signor Picco played, as usual, two pieces, with the greatest possible success-a fantasia on the Sonaambula, and the Camnaral de Venise, both of which were received wVith the warmest applause. In the first his phrasing and cantabile were as much admired as his fluent and astonishing execution. In the last it was not more curious to contrast his own variations with those of Paganini and Ernst than to ponder on the means by which pa es difficult upon any instrument could be rendered with such unerring accuracy, and with a taste and fancy so remarkable, upon one like the so-called ." pastoral tibia," from which to prodnce any musical tone whatever must demand no small amount of ingenuity. The genius of this blind youth and his feeling for melody and harmony are incontestable. Had nature willed it, Picco might have been a great singer, or a great fiddler, instead of what fate has made him-a player upon a whistle. Thephenomenon, hlowever, is not lessinteresting on that account; and no one imbued with musical sentiment can listen to this poor Sardinianr shepheard without a mingled sentiment of wonder and sympathy.
A1MATEUB MUSICAL SOCIETY. The amateurs are evidently prospering. There was as large a crowd assembled on Monday night in the Hanover. square Rooms as we have seen in a public concert-room. I1lle programme included, among other orchestral pieces, Beethoven's second svmphony, the execution of which provedi that under M1r. Henry Leslie's direction the band is making progress. Thero was also some excellent vocal .music by7Miss Sherrington and the Misses Cole. What we have alreadcy said of MSiss Sherrington was confirmed by her performance on Monday night. She has a voice of great beauty and compass, but she has yet to acquire the command of it. In the art of vocalization she is a beamnuer which was not lees clearly shown in two lieder- of Sehu'bert and Beethoven than in the elaborate bravtura pieco of Benediet and DeBeriot-"Prendi per me." The last was written for Malibran, whose voice combined the contralto and rep<ato registers. Miss Sherrington shares this peculiarity with Malibran, but at present no other. The Misses Cole sang very prettily a duet by Mr. H. Leslie, entitled "Hope's adieu," written precisely after the pattern of Mendelssohn's "two-part songs." The feature of the concert, and, indeed, the chief reason for its being noticed, was a new pianoforte concerto in G nminor by Mlademoiselle " Angelina"-why not Miss Levy? -for that is her name, and she has no reason to be ashamed of it. As the first composition, on an extended plan, of this very clever young lady, the concerto in question merits the highest praise. T'he model to which shehasbeen indebted is at once recognized as Mlendelssohn's concertd in the same key-a work that has provoked many imita-- tions, but few so commendable. If we have a fault to find, it is that the pianoforteconcerto of Mendelssohn has been too closely followed in the first two movements, and that in the last the strong imnpress of other works of the same master upon the mind of the youngmusician is equally manifest. Apart from this, we have nothing bnt eulogy to bestow. Miss Levy's is no ordinary talent, and must there. fore be contemplated seriously-not with the mere commonplace gallantry which is the privilege of her sex, nor with the stereotyped affability so generally bestowed upon the. efforts of industrious diettaati. With these considerations, while acknowledging the remarkable talent exhibited, we warmly recommend her in her next essay to depend more upon her owvn resources (she may do so with safety) and less uapon MIendelssohn, who, great as he was-and he was the I legitimate successor of Beethoven-has, owiing to the ex- treme fascination of his style, exercised so marked an influence uponhis contemporaries and imimediate followers that nearly all our well-intended compositions of late years bave been simply reflexes of his manner. Miss Levy's execution of her own concerto was, as might have been expected from her previous displays, admirable. She is a genuine pianist, and we are greatly mistaken if she has not the elements within her to become something still better-viz., a genuine composer. Her success with the audienco was OR ithis ccasion in both respects triumnphant.
-DESPATCHES FROM THE a * (From the London Gazcttc of Tuesday, April 22.) WA R DEPARTMENT, AsuiRi 22. IjordPanmurehas this day received two cespatches and their enclosures; of which the following are copies, addreased to his Lordship by General Sir William Codrington, E.C.B.:--, . -_- SEBASTOPOL, APnrr 7. 31y Lord,-The Stromboli returned this morning with Dr. I'fllree frown Redout Kaleh. The letter from Pxnce Beboutoff, at Teflis, of which a copy is herewith transmitted, shows that General Whilliams has recovered his health and has been forwarded to Riazan, near Moscow; and that, consequently, it was not necessary for -Dr. M!lree to go to Teflis, nor do the Rusiians seem to have ris%ed that he should pass their lines. Your Lordship will see that the armistice has been established in Asia. Dr. ArIllree accordingly returned, bringing me letters from Abdil Pasha, who was in temporary command of the Turkish troops during the absence of Omar Pasna. The service for which Dr. M?fllree was selected would probably have exposed him to a difficult, if not a dangerous, journey at this time of year, across niountain passes and among such a population; his mission would have required circumspection and activity, and I beg to bring his name to your Lordship's notice from his service at Scutari, and his selection by Sir J. Hall for the duty on which he had been ordered. I have, &c., W. J. CODRINGTON, General Commanding. The Lord Panmure, &c. (Enclosure.) " Teflis, le 16mc (28me) Mars. "Monsieur le Commandant-en-Chef,-Le commandant des troupes Imperiales sur le littoral du Gousiel m'a fait parvenir le 15me (27me) de ce mois la lettre do votre Excellence :1 l'adresse de M. le Comnmandant-en-Chef de l'Arm6e du Caucase, en date du 16 Mars (N.s.), transmsise par les Offlciers M6decins WMllree ot Buckley, quo vous avez juge n6cessaire d'envoyer pour soigner la saute dEx G&n6ral Williams. " En rabsence de Mr. l'Aide-de-Camp Gen6ral Mouravieff, j'ai P'honneur d'informer votre Excellence que 1. le General Williams, r6tablie de la nialadie qu'il a faite ici, et s'6taut trouve en parfait etat de poursuivre son voyage pour l'int6rieur de Ia Ilussie, a quitt6 Teflis le 13mo (25me) do ce mois, se rendant, avec le CapitaineTeesdale, a sa destination. "La prcsence des susdits officiers de ssant6 devenant d6sormais inutile, ils sont charges de remettre a votre Excellence la pr6sente, qui sert aussi a la pr6venir que les for, malites de rarmistice, stipul6 dans la Conference do Paris, ont etu egalement accomplies entre les armees bellig6rantes dans ces contr6es. " Recevez, Monsieur le Commandant-en-Chef, 1assurance de ma parfaite consideration, " PRINCE BEBOUTOFF, Lieutenant-Gen&ral. "Mff. le Gen6ral Codrington, Commandant-en- Chef rArm6e Anglaise en Crin6e." SEBASTOPOL, ArnPI 8. My Lord,-I have the honour herewith to transniit the weekly report from Sir John Hall, Inspector-General of Hospitals, by which your Lordship will perceive that the general health of this army continues good. With reference to the latter part of my despatcl of yesterday's date I beg leave also to enclose a letter from Sir John Hall, in -which he makes favourable mention of Dr. M'Illree's services. I have, &c., W. J. CODRINGTON, General-Commanding. The Lord Panmure, &c. " (Enclosure L) "Head-quarters, Camp, Crimea, April 7. "Sir,-The sanitary condition of the army in the Crimea as exhibited by the accompanying weekly state is very satisfactory, and no disease of any marked or peculiar character exists in any of the divisions. " Chest affections continue to be of frequent occurrence, and this we must look for until mild weather sets in, and then fevers will in all probability replace them. As yet winter cannot be said to have ended, for on the 3d inst. we had one of the most furious snowstorms that we have experienced during the whole vinter. It commenced about 8 in the morning and continued until after mid-day. The third Division, which was out on route parade marching exercise, was overtaken by it, and experienced its fuU vio[ence. Several men suffered from its effects, and one man, a young lad of the 44tha Regiment, died of cold and exhaustion. "The ratio of sick has not increased this week, but its distribution is altered in consequence of the batteries of Axtillery and battalions of Land Transport attached to Divisions being returned with their respective Divisions, I instead of being returned as separate and distinct corps, as they have hitherto been. " The general health of the Land Transport Corps continues gradually to improve, and, in addition to the decrease of numbers in the HIead-quarter Hospital Returs, from transfers to Divisions, the mortality is less and the form of I fever now prevailing among the men much milder than it has been. More attention is paid to the personal cleanliness I of the men and to the whole interior economy of the corps i than used to be done, which the increased number of officers recently added to the corps in all its grades admits now of being effectually carried out. The hospital establishment I has benfited in common with the rest of the corps, more huts have been built, the drunken negligent regimental hospital orderlies have been replaced by men from the 3Iedical Staff Corps, and within the last week six nurses, under the superintendence of 3Mrs. Stuart, have been added to the orderlies. "Of the 17 deaths which occurred during the week 8 were from fever, 2 from apoplexy, the result of intemnperance, 3 from diseases of the lungs, 1 from the effects of frostbite, 2 from injuries, one in a man of the 11th Hussars who was thrown from his horse, and another, a man of the Land Transport Corps, over whose head a cartwheel passed. The 17th man belonged to the Army Works Corps, and is returned as having died of gangrene. " The ratio of admissions to strength this week has been been 2-32 per cent. " Deaths to strength 0 02 per cent., sick to well 3 98 per cent., all of which I consider remarkably low-much lower than we can reasonably expect them to continue as the spring advances. "I have, &c. J. HALL, Inspector-General of Hospitals, "General Sir William J. Codrington, K.C.B., Commanding-in-Chief." (Enclosure 2.) "Head-quarters, Camp, Crimea, April 2. "Sir,-In reply to your query of this morning I hare the honour to inform you that First-Class Staff-Surgeon M'fllree arrived at Scutari on the 4th of November, 1854, and served in the General Hospitals there until February, 1856, when he came to the Crimea. He -was anxious to have served in the Crimea at an earlier period, but Dr. Cuinming, Inspector-General of Hospitals and Principal Medical Officer atScutari, wrote to me to say that he found him so efficient and useful in the hospitals that he could not spare him, but trusted it would not nilitate against his future prospects. " Mr. h1'Illree entered the service in February, 1835, obtained his surgeoncy in December, 1845, and was promoted to his present rank in October, 1854. " I have, &c., cc J. H4];,, Inspector-General of Hospitals. "General Sir W. J. Codrington, K.G.B., Commanding-in-Chief."
THE AIOO1'S ROTATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As the author of tho work alluded to in support of Mr. Symon's argument on the moon's motion, f beg leave to solicit your kind permission to nsert this letter * I am one of the many who have studied the laws of, and the terms employed in, dynamics who have not been able to understand how the tern " rotation" can he applied to the moon's motion. I am, also, one of the few who have presumed, and have had the courage, for manyyears, to question the correctness of the statement, that "the moon bas an axis of rotation." "Rotation," according to engineers, means the act of turning on an axis or centre, situated within the moving body, and " revolution" means the act of turning round a centre situated beyond the moving body. Hence, according to the above definitions, the governor baUs of a steamengine, crank pius, the teeth of cogwheels, and aU bodies presenting the same faces to. wards the centres of revolution, cannot, under such conditions, turn round on axes situate within themselves. In elucidating the cause of the apparent misapplication of the term "rotation," I respectfully request Dr. Lardner to make a distinction between changes produced by revolution round a distant centre, such as " the Peak of Teneriffe " round the earth's centre, and the movement of a body on a centre situated within itself, as the argument rests on the distinction of the terms and their respective moyements. I have the honour to be. Sir. April 22. Yours respectfully, EVAN HfrOpKIS. SouTAiu HosPffATs.-A eoPY Of all offlcial re. ports of the hospitals at Scutari, Kuki1ee, Abydos, ana Srmyrna, since February, 1855, basF eenpresented to the Houses of Parliament from the Wa;r Department. These reports are now quite out of date. They were ordered tO be printed on the lst Qf Augus.t,last.
APPBAZ-- HOUSE OF 0RD5 AT. 922> SM R. XN5:1ES, BART. V. 'eDONALD. The arguments ma this cause having bn broughttoa oonclusion to-day, bel brub t Their Lordships took time to consider their judginent. Jdgment deferred. . .. -
iW REPORT. COTIRT OF CHANCERY. 'COLLN's-Th-. ARiT. 21 CORLEY V. LORD STAFORD. (Beforc the LORiDS JUSTICeS of AyPVATA r 3 ir kTTzROY .RELLY {at the sitting of the Court) drew |terdLrzshap' attention to the above case, which was laced on the paper for argumeint, and stated that would bo desirable that it should stand over to, a futlure day, as the Attorney-General, upon an application to him to file an informuation under the statute which had been referred to in the formier argument, 3 George IV., c. 7S, considered that by analogy to the case of an infant, he ought to be satisfied whether knowledge of the faot of the alleged marriage was proved to have been had 'within three monlths. Lord Justice K?*sossv BsiucI'-It has been intimated to us that the Attorney-General has not vet had time to consider the matter. Sir,F. KELLY.-He has since been able to hear the application, and has given leave for the matter to be azainx brought before him upon affidavit as to the point I have referred to. MIr. D,rEL.-The Attorney-General has plainly enough refused to file the information, and his givin leave to hear the matter again upon further evidence shows it. He did not consider the case supported as it was. hrr. SOUTHGATE.-I attended the application before the Attorney-General, anI he clearly refused the application. If Mr. Welsby's brief were produced it would be quite conclusive. There was no adjournment of tho case; it was a refusaL Sir F. KELLY and Mr. DANIEL respectively read affidsvits as to what took place before the Attorney-General,-the former stating that leave was given to apply again, and the latter distinctly stating, in addition to that leave, that the then present application was refused. Ultimately the matter was directed to come on ag0ain on Tuesday, the 2Sth inst. (this day week). The counsel engaged, in addition to those abovenamed, are Mr. Bacon, MIr. Greene, and Mr. S. Scott, besides Dr. It. Phillimore and D)r. T. Twfias. POWELL V. LovEGROVE. This was an appeal from a decision of Vice-Chancellor Stuart, dismissilng the plaintiff's bill for specific performance with costs. The case was heard on Saturday and today, and as appearing upon the bill, and undisputed, was that Mr. John Lovegrove, the owner of Satwell Farm for the residue of an old term of 500 years, commencing in 1767, aid subject thereto in fee simple, sold the same to Mr. Thomas Powell, of Winterbrook, near Wallingford, in Berkshire, subject to conditions of sale, one of which was thus wvorded, and was penned by the vendor or his advisers: -" Special Conditions.-That the vendor, Mr. John Lovegrove, shall for a term of 12 years from Michaelmas next (1850) be at liberty to require at his own expense, and the purchaser hereby agrees to grant, a lease subject to the usual covenats usually inserted in leases of lands and buildings in the nei'hbourhood, and according to the customof the country; ubut it is understood that suchleaseshall contain a covenant giving Mr. Lovegrove at the end of the term of 12 years to be so created the privilege of selling all hay and straw." The condition then wvent on to provide the price and so on, and concluded thus-" The rent to be estimated at 34 per centuin per annum upon the outlay in making the purchase, &c., and payable half-yearly" (the "&c." being the principal difficulty nthe case). Mr. Thomas Powell signed a memorandum, in which he acknowledged to have nurchased for 14,5001., and paid a deposit of 1001. The purchase was completed at an earlier day- than was originally intended, and on the 20th of July, 18x0, Mr. Lovegrove wrote a letter of that date to Mr. Powell, as follows:- "Satwell Farm. " Sir,-In consideration of your this day, at my request, paying to Mr. Morrison the sum of 14,0231. ls. ld., in part payment of your purchase-money of 14,5001. for the above 'arm, I agree to pay you interest on the sum so paid by you from this dayto Michaelmas-day next, at the rate of 31. l0s. per annum. This memorandum is given as a temporary thing until the completion of your purchase and the signing of the agreement between us, already prepared, and to be then sisned, relativ-e to the future holding of the farm byrme as your tenant on lease. ".Yours obediently, " JornEf LXOVEGROVE." The plaintiffs required Mr. Lovegrove to accept a lease, and very long negotiations having failed of effect, a biU was filed for speciic performance, and the dispute Mwas whether or not Tr. Lovegrove was entitled to the option at any tim e within the 12 years, and the Vice-Chancellor, being of opinion that the terms wvere too indefinite to he enforced, dismissed the bill, and, as before stated, witn costs. The evidenco showed that 3ir. Lovegrove had held possessiou of the farmn for five years, and paid rent, but not mnvariably of the same amount, and had been either tenant from year to year, a trespasser, or tenant under thel agreement, such as it might be. The rent very Dearly amounted to the percentoue agreed upon on the purchase-money. The plaintiffs aPr. Malis and Mr. Shapter appeared for the appellants. Mr. xKASISLAX;E (who was-vwith MEr. Bacon) supported the dlecision of the Vice-Chancellor. MIr. SSLru?-mn w,as heard in reply. Lord Justice KNIGH BRIJCE said that the owner of this f.arm, a yeoman, being in difliculty, was under the necessity of selling it, and desired at the same time to become the ocecupier, and entered into the agreement, part of which consisted of the special condition be fore set forth. A few months afterwards, Mr. Powell having paid off the demand of Mr. Morris on, a mortgagee of th eprop erty, MEr. L ovegrove, the late owner of the farm, addressed the letter of July 20, iS50, to MIr. Powell, the purchaser. It was clear that upon the other evidence and upon that of the letter of July 20, MIr. Lovegrove did exercise an option of taking a lease. From 1850 to the present time 3Ifr. Lovegrove occupied the farm, and paid as rent, with little and very immaterial v ari.ation, sums equal to the percentage spoken of in the condition, and the parties had in equity, if not also at law, thus fixed the amount of rent for themselves. The landlord being dissatisfied wvith the mode in which MEr. Lovegrove had cultivated the farm, wvished a lease to be executed under the covenants, in whichl,the landlord would be better able to enforce, his rights, but the tenant, Mr. Lovegrove, objected to execute it, on the ground that he had not bound himself to execute any lease at all; but in this his Lordship said he had no doubt w hatever that he, the defendant, entirely failed. The agreement maust be specifically performed, and its termts be settled by the chiefclerk of the Judge in chambersh, and the costs of the sulit, uIp to this time, must be paid by the defendant. L ord Justice TUP.YER said that Mr. Lovegrove, the def'endant, seemed to suppose that under the condition he was at liberty to elect, at any timae within 12 years, whiether he would become tenant of the farm. His Lordship dissented from that niew, as lie also did from the view of tVice-Chancellor Stuart, that the letter of the 20th of July was not an election to take the farm. In his Lordship's opinion that letter was an unequivocal acceptance of or election to take a lease, the terms of which, excepting only the amount of rent, were settled between the parties. He agreed that the costs of the suit up to the present time should be paid by 3Ir. Lovegrove. The decision of the Vice-Chancellor maust be reversed. Their LORDEnsif stated their willingness to settle the lease if the parties wrished it, and reserved the consideration of the costs of the appeal until after the lease should be settled, although they had, previously intimated that they should be costs in the cause. Lord Justice KNIGHTr BBUCB.-I consider the defence eminently unrighteous.
RnOT.T.q' (lOTrRT CR. A1CXRY-L . APRTn 2L PTtF. TTTcTGAleF. (Refn. thc ?IASThR of thc ROLLS.) William Dugdale, printseller, of Holy-well-street, applied in person for an injunction to restrain John Staunton and his employer, Mr. Henry Pxitchard, of Lincoln's-inn-fields, solicitor, from destroying some property of his which had been seized, but His HoNOUR having asked the applicant whether he had filed his bill, and having ascertained that he had not, ex. plained to him that the Court in that case had no jurisdiction to entertain the application, and the merits or demerits of the case were consequently not entered into.
YICE-CHA2NCELLORS' COURTS, AFRIL 2L (Before Vice-Chanwellor SirR. T. K1nDxESLEY.) The Court was occupied during -the whole day in hearing the arguments upon an adjourned sununons, containing no matter of public interest. (Before Vice-Chamn,ellor Sir J. STUART.) DAVIS V. TOLLEMACKE. This was a motion on behalf of the defendant to discharge an attachment which had been obtained against hi2m nuder the following circumstances :-On the 10tl. instant the defendant's solicitor took out a smumons for further time to answer before theVice-Chancellor's chief clerk for 11 o'clock on the following day, which was the day on which the defendant's tinie to answer would expire. The defendaiit's solicitor did not attend the chief clerk before half-past 11 o'clock on the 11th inst., when he found that the plaintiff's solicitor had attended before the chief clerk at the time appointed. and had obtained the summons to be dismissed. The defendant's solicitor then took ont a summons for the 12th inst., by which time the defendant's time foranswering had expired. The plaintiff's solicitor attended before the cbief clerk on the 12th inst., and objected that the latter had no jurisdiction, but retired before any order was made on the summons. The chief clerk, on the 12th, gave the defendant a month's further time to answer. In the meantime the plaintiff's solicitor obtained an attaciment for ;ant of answer against the defendant, and the latter now songht to.discharge it. * Mr. Trinp supported the motion, and M1r. Bacon and Mr.. Jessel appeared for the plaintiff. The VICE-CsrEnBLLOn discharged the attachment, but made no order as to costs. (Beforc Vice-ChancWor Sir W. P. WOOD.) BARNARD V. BAOGSAW.-LAKE BIiTHURST AUSTRAL.SIA. GOLD MILTUM COM.PANIY. The following is an outline of the case made by the bill:- - In December, 1851, a scheme was set on foot between the defendants Matthews and Knell, and the defendants Harvey, I Bell, Iron, and Sir Edward Beleher, for getting up a joint- 1 stock company for the purpose of searchingand working for I gold in a tract of 500 acres adjoining Latke Bathurst, i. I Australia, which had been purchased by Matthews and Knel, on a mining speculation. An agreement was enterecd into for the purchase of this land from Matthews and Knell at 17.000l., of which 3,000?, was to be paid at once and 14,000l. in three months' time. The defendants Harvey, Bell, Iron, and Belcher, having obtained this agreement, associated with themselves, for the purpose of forming the proposed company, the defendants Bagsha%W, Bevan, and Denny, and also had recourse to the professional assistance of the defiendant James Boyle, a barrister of Essex-court, Temple, and of Swatm and PRichards, metal brokers. An agreement, dated the 20th~ of January, 1S-2, was eecuted, by wlhich IEarvey aad IroX agreed to sel to Swann-and Rich& behalf of themselves and the directors of th« roposedoompay, the50D acres for4Q,0,Q., whichws to be paid.in thi followingproportion:-20,000?. in cash and the a reinuin 20,0007. in 20,000 1U. shares of the company at jar. ; grospectsrw.ays p?rThd and published in The 3iiU e onthe: Ith of ebrnsk, 1a;. -Thi prospectus, which'wxs headed "' lIke, Bathurst Austraxixn Gold Mtining Comasa established for rworking the extensive depositz of aLr1vilgold and- the 'mines of gold quartz already discovered on500 acres of freehold land, purchased by the eoflpanyMok the main Government road to Sycdney," stated the capitl as 100,0001. in 100,000. aid up -hame of Ut. each, vithout' any further call or liabini-, on the cost-book system ; contamed lists of the trustees, board of management, &c., and referred to a " special arLd confidential reprt on this ir- 'ortant property. received from Charls Laley, Esq., of Siydney, oneofthe surveyorsemployedbythecolonialGovern ment, the discoVerer of this great ariferousdeposit, which furcxishedthe most unquestionable evidence of the whole prow erty being surpassingly rich in gold. In a letter dated Sydoey, Augnst, 1851, Mr. Langley stated his discoveries," &c. The bill stated that the representations contained in the prospectus as to the gold on. the estate had turned out to be entirely false and unfounded, and that the letter which was alleged to have been received by Matthews from Charles Langley was not written by the surveyor, but 'was in effect a forgery. Shares to theamnount of 7,000, upon whichQ 11. per share wfas paid, were allotted to different persons, the plaintiff being an allottee of 100 shares. In Aipril, 1852, the defendants Bagshaw, Belcher, Bevan, Bell, and D)enny, who composed the board of anagement, were desirous of having the name of the company entered in the official list of the Stock-Exchange, and having a settling-day fixed, in order to bring the sharesregularly into the market. The rules of the Stock-Exchange require the share list to be full, and not less than two-thirds of the capital to have been paid up before insertion of the name of a company in the official list. The bill alleged that the board ot management in order to mislead the Committee of the Stock-Exchange and thereby deceive the bond jid shareholders, made a pretended issue of shares to the board of maniagement, suEticient in number to make up, with the 7,000 bondt fde al. lotted, 40,711 shares. The allottees of these fictitious shares raised money upon them by depositing them with their own bankers, and paid the price of such shares (at 1I. per share) into the bankers of the co=ny, but took checks drawn by the directors upon the bankers of the company for sums corresponding with what they had thus paid in. The "Lake Bathurst Australasian Gold Eining Company" was after this transaction inserted in the Stock-Exchange list - the checks drawn by the directors in favour of the fictitious allottees were presented, and the balance of the company iwith their bankers was again reduced to 7,000!., and the 'shares thus issued were returned to the company in order to be brought out at a premium. On the 22d of July, 1852, the defendant Boyle became one of the com'nittee of management in the place of Sir Edward Bel'cher, who had previously sailed upon an Arctic exTedition. By an indenture dated the 25th of August, 18-52, after re'citing that Harvey and Iron had agreed to accept 40,000 shares in lieu of the purchase-money agreed to be paid for the 500 acres of land, the defendants Harvey and Iron, in consideration of sErip certificates for 40,000 shares, conveyed the 500 acres to the defendants Bagshaw, Bevan, Denny, and Boyle, in trust for the committee of management and all other the adventurers for the time beng in the company iThe scrip certificates were handed over to Harvey and ron, although an investigation was then pending as to the authenticity of the alleged letter from Charles Langley, which was ultimately proved to have been a forgery, sG far as it purported to have been written by Charles Langley, the Government surveyor. In order to provide for the payment of the 3,000!. secured to Matthews and Knell upon the original purchase from them 3,000 shares were deposited by each of the defendants Harvey, Iron, Bell, and Belcher out of the shares allotted to them. The defendants Harvey, Bell, and Iron had covenanted by deed to assign to Boyle, in consideration of his services, 1,OO paid-up shares. These shares not havng been delivered, Boyle commenced an action upon their covenant against Harvey. Bell, and Iron. Srcrip shares for 1,750 paid-up shares were subslently delivered to Boyle, who was thereby induced towithdrawthe recordinhis action. The bill alleged that no money had ever been paid by Harvey, Bell, or Iron for these 1,7d0 shares. Bevan and Bell having retired from the board of mnnagement, the defendants Rigbye and Barlow were appointed to succeed them. o steps had ever been takenby the directorsto carry into effect the objects for which the company was ostensibly formed, the land having p roved utterly destitute of gold, so that the company had become lvholly abortive. The plaintiff had, under these circumstances,'filed his bill onbehalf of himself and all other the shareholders, praying a declaration that the sales of the 500 acres from MIatthews and Knell to rILvey, Iron, Bel, and Belcher, and from them to Belcher, Bagshaw, Bevan, Bell, and Denny, were fraudulent and void as regarded the plaintiff and the shareholders;* that the object and purposes of the company had altog,ether failed from the commencemeat, and that the directors were not entitled to deduct out of the funds of the conpany any expenses incurred in the undertaking. The bill also prayed for a variety of 'accounts applicable to this state of things. On the opening of the case reEef in an alternative form was sked-viz., for a return to the allottees qiinpliciter of all moneys paid by them and payment by the defendants of the costs of thesuit. A petitionprayingthatthe undertaking might be wound up and dissolved had been presented by Shaw, one of the shareholders who had been made a defendant to the present suit, Mr. Shaw having himself previously filed a bill repudiating the present suit, alleging that he had signed th7e cost-book, while the present plaintiff hadnot done so, and praying for an accountaagainst the directors, and for an injunction to restrain them from takinout of the bank any of the moneys therein deposited ana arising from the deposits paid by the bond flde allottees. This money, amounting to upwards of 2,000., -was recovered from the wreck, and ultimately brought into coUrt, where it was now standing. Mr. Shaw had subsequently dismissed his own bill, and kad presented his petition, which now came on for hearing, together -with the suit of BARLNARD V. 3AGSILHW. M r. iolt, Mr. W. x. James, and Mr. Faber appeared for the I laintfl fOr. 6aNS and Mr. H. STENSS, for Shaw, in support of his petition, contended that the plaintiff could only 'maintain his suit by reducing it to his own individual interest in the deposit moneys, his right to which they did not oppose. With respect to the claims of the other shareholders, which were very conflicting, it was impossible to adjust them otherwise than by havin the comnpany wound up under the Joint-Stock Companies Winding-up A ct, and thus bringing into aid the machinery expressly conceded by the Legislature for settling transactions of this nature, the plaintiff's bill being wholly inadequate to effect the same results MEr. WILLCOCE was heard for the defendant Bagehaw. At the conclusion of his argument the Court rose. TuESDEy, ApRiL 22. (Beforc Fice-Clhancclior Sir J. STUART.) THE OFICIAL MAINAGER OF THE NORTHERN COAL 3HThN-G COMPANY V. VALTERS. This is abill by the official manager of the Northern Coal Mining Company, praying that it may be declared that he has a lien on a colliery called Whitelee Colliery, situate in the county of Durham, inrespectofa sumof 45,0001. paid bythe NorthernCoal MEinia Company under a contract for the purchaseof the colliery 'whichitwas allegedhad never been completed, and also in respect of a sum of 2,650L alleged to have been obtained by the late Mr. Charles Ord (through whom the defendant claims) from the Northern Coal Mining Company, as for rent of the before mentioned colliery, and also p7raying for a sale of the colliery, and that theproceeds of such sale may be paid to the plainitiff in satisfaction, so far as7 the sam7e will extend, of his lien. The plaintiff's case isnot yet concluded. Mr. halins and Mlr. Roxburgh appeared for the plaintiff, and Mtr. Rolt and Mr. T. Stevens for the defendant. {Bcfore Yice-G7aaencdllor Sir W. P. WOOD.) AEyOLD V. THE MAYOR, &C., OF GOlANASEND. The VIOE-C0HNCELLOR gave judgment in this case, which was reported as to the facts and arguments in Thle Times of Saturday. His Honour said that he should have felt much difficulty in the matter from the judgment of the 'Court of Common Pleas in "Arnold v. Ridge" had it not appeared to him that, even if he Concurred with that decision, a great difference was occasioned by the statute 6th and 7th of William IV., chap. 104, which was not even cited in the Court of Common Pleas, though it had an important-he might indeed sav a conclusive-bearing upon the present ease. The question arose upon the simple ease of a bond by which the Corporation of Gravesend, before the passing of the Municipal Corpora'tions Act, secured to the aintiff interest on 1,00. advanced by him for thi benefit of the cororation under the powers of the Gravesend Quay Act, and secured by a mortgage of the tolls, &c., payable under that act. The plaintiff being possessed of this security, the Municipal Corporations Act '(the OthandOth of William IlV,,ehap. 76) was passed, followed by the Oth and 7th'of Wiliam., chap. 104 (for the better administration of the borough fund), And the 7th of William IV. andthelstof Victoria, chap. 73 (for amending the Act for the Regulation of Muinicipal Corporations in England and Wales). The plaintiff subsequently to these acts had on the 20th of March, 1852, recovered and registered a judgment upon his bond in respect of arrears of interest which had become due up to that time, and the questionwas whtether or not hc was able under hi-s Jd,nn.b h ration of the 1st and 2d of Victoria, chap. 110, sec.13, to charge property of the corporation acquired subsequently to the passing of the Municipal Corporation Acts. He would assunme that he was bonud to follow the decision in " Arnold v *Ridge," and that the effect of sec. 92 of the 5th and 6th of Wiliam IV., c'hap. 76, was that all the income of theborough both real and personal was to be paid to a treasurer, and constituted the boroughfund, which iwas to be applied to certain purposes, which, in effect, made the new corDoration trustees for public purposes, and fastened a trust upon the whole property. Section 94 secured a due execution of that trust, by prohibiting alienation except in pursuance of soniue covenant, &c., bond uidc entered into before the 5th of June, 1835, but with a power to sell, alienate, and demise with the consent of the Lords of the Treasury. The first prt of the section prohibited every dealing with the land except pursuant to some pre-existing contract fixing the land, which a bond did mot do. It might be doubted whether or not a mortgage was within the words " selling, alienating, and demising," with the consent of the Treasury. One abject of the 6th aud 7th of William IV., chap. 10, had been to remove tiis doubt, and prevent creditors from being injured, the Legislature thinking it right to malke some provision in respect of bon& jfdc creditor%, who had dealt with or orations exactly as they would have done with individuis. This statute (sec. 1) authorized corpora- tions generally to exzecute any deed or obligation for the purpose of securing repayment of any debt or obligation. contracted previously to the Municipal Corporations Act, Section 2 applied to atotally different subject, and empowered the corporation to raise money for any purpose, and was not intended to act as an 'interPretatior,.of the previous section. The 3UCceeding act, 7th of illiam IV.- andIs of Victoria, chap. 78, showed the anxiety of the Legislature to secure in every possible-way payment of anterior debts Section 28 enabl.d the corporation to treat money borrowed to pay any such previous'debt as a debt contracted on their beialf bef9re tbe passing of the nunicipal Corporations. Act. EN Honour, ater referring to section 13 of the lIt and 2d of Victoria, chap. 110, said that it- Laa been contended by the defer dants that the powers of alien. Ming or mortgaging were to be ised solely for the pupose of improving and benefitting the town. Be apprehended, however, that the true constriction of the statutes, upon a soUn04d A liberal interpretation, was, that the cerporation were exactly im the same position as to anterior creditors-as they were before the passing of the Municipal Corporations Act, at v'ich time the corporate body miglht exercise a disposing power over the property forits own use,. such as any owner poessed. It ared therefore, that the corporation had full power over thiszo-. perty, asif theyhadheen ownersmfor the urposeof thep intiff's debt. He could not part with tins case without an observation upon "Arnold v. Ridge," which he should have had great difficulty in following, for, after much an-- ioUs consideration, he could not cometo the same conrcluioa which the judges cf the Court of Comnron Pleas had done upon the construction of sec. 92 of 5th and 6th of -William IV., chap. 76. He hzd great hesitation in thus iferrng from those learned judges, but he was not necessarilv inter fering with their decision ; and he must hold that the plain. tiff was entitledto have his debt paidout of the corporate pro. perty. The case was analogous to that of au anuity charged uponland, andthe decreewroulabe to declare thattle juagi3ent was a charge upon all the estate of the defendants, whether aoquilred befo-e or since the M1unicipalCorporations Act; an nquiry whit lands, &c., the defendants were seized of anid for what estate and interest, and subject to what char_ep and enczmorances; an account of what was due to In. tiff for arrears of interest, and an order for payment in ain months; and in default the arrears to be raised by sale or mortgage. A receiver to be appointed and further consideration reserved. The case was argued by Mr. Rolt and 3Mr. Speed for tho plaintiff; and MIr. Willcck and Mr. H. Stevens for the aefendaits. B11PMARD V. BAGSHAW. The argnments in this case were continued. Mr. Dickinson followed Mr. Wi31cock bDr the defendant B4agahaw; Mr. Daniel and Mr. Cole, Mr. Greene, Mr. Ro burgh, and Mr. Bovill were heard for other defendants The case is not yet concluded.
COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH WESTm;STEP, Arsm 2L TIHE QUEEN V. THE VICA1t OF SUXDERLAND. ,&Mngs in Banco, bfore Lord CA-1pBu and Tugtic WIGHT-MA.W. ERLE. and Cum:nYrnv l -Mr. WATSON, Q.(., moved for a rule to show cause why a mandamnus should not issue to the vicar of SunderlanId commarnding him to convene ameeting of a select Testry, ap,pointed under a local act. The question intended to be raised was whether the duty of carrying out the Burial Act in the towIn of Sunderland rested -with the select vestry or with the general body of parishioners. The Metropolitan Burials Act (the 15th and 16th Victoria, chap. 85) was passed in the year 1852, and by a later statute- viz., the 16th and 17th Victoria, chap. 134-the general provisions of the Metropolitan Act were extended to the country at large. The former act enacted that the "vestry" should meet under certain regulations, and determine as to providing a new burialground for the parish. The question now 'was whether the word "vestry" in this instance meant the '"select vestry" or the ratepayers at large in vestry assembled. The interpretation section (53) enacted that the 'word "vestry" shall mean the inhabitants of the parish lawfully nssembled in vestry, or for any of the purposes for which vestries are holden, except in those parishes in which there is a select or other vestry elected under an act of the 59th George IIL, chap. 12., "to amend the laws forthe relief of the poor," or elected under the act the 2d William IV., chap. 60, "for the better regulation of vestries and for the appointment of auditors of accournts in certain parishes in England and Wales," or "elected under the provsions of any local act of :Parliament for the government of any parish by vestries, in -which parishes it shall mean such select or other vestry." The learned counsel contended that the case came 'within the last clause. Sunderland was formerly a part of the arish of Bishop Wearmouth, but in the year 1819 a local act was passed 'which constituted Sunderlaud a separate parish, and mado provision for the appointment of a select vestry. The powers of the select vestry were, for the most part, connected 'with the church, but the act also gave them some powers of a mnore general character, such as the making of poor-rates, the appointment of scavengers, &c. The learned counsel contended that the "select vestry" thus constituted was the "vestry" referred to in the Burial Act as explained by the interpretation in the section above cited. Mr. K\Nonss, Q.C., who (with MIr. D. Seymour) appeared to sh.Iow cause against the rule in the first instance, d the vicar was ready to do 'whatever the Court should direct. Lord C_mPBEiLL said he thought the local act gave the select vestry the power to act in this matter. The rule was accordingly made absolute. TDI V. CAMPEELt AND OTH.ES. Mr. SerJeant THoarus (with whom was Mr. IL Hodgson) moved for arule calling on the defendants to show cause why the verdict which had been found in theirfavour should not be set aside and a new trial granted, upon the ground that evidence had been improperly admitted. At the trial, vwhich took place before Lord Campbell at Guildhall at the sittings after last term, it appeared that the action was brought to recover damages for the breach of a written agreement into which the defendants had entered with the plaintiff, whereby they agreed to pay the plaintiff 800!. and to accept an assignment of an interest of three-eighths in a certain invention of the plaintiff's of a machine for crushing auriferous ores. The defendants pleaded only the general issue. The plaintiff proved the execution of the agreement by the defendants and the payment of 6/. bythem asapart of the consideration. Upon this the defendants tendered evidence to show that the instrament in question was intended to be a binding agreement only in case the invention should be approved by an engineer named Abernethy, who, when appealed to, pronounced it to be 'worthless. The learned Judge admitted the evidence, and ultimately directed the jury that, it they believed it, they ought to find their verdict in the defendant's favour. The learned Lord Chief Justice said he thought the agreement might be considered in the nature of an " escrow " The learned serjeant now contended that parol evidence coould not be admitted to contradict a written agreement, and that the document in question could not be regarded as an "escrow," as it had not been delivered to a third party. Lord CAMDX'ELL said he was quite satisfied 'with the verdict, as he thought it in accordance with the probabilities of the case; but the question raised was one of considerable importance, and the learned serjeant might take arnle. Rule 7i.' granted. THlE QUEEN V. THE JUSTICES OF 2,WDDLESEX. Mr. AsPzL.tnD moved for a rule to show cause why three justices of Middlesex should not issue their warrant to levy on the goods of one Horatio Peacock a sum of money assessed upon him by the local authorities of the parish of Hornsey under the powers of the Nuisances llemoval Act (the 18th and 19th of Victoria, 0. 121). It appeared from the statement made by the learned counsel that m the parish of Horosey there were many open sewers; constituting nuisances; and that these had been covered over by the local authorities. The expense so incurred was assessed upon the owners of 100 houses, one of -whom wvas the party against whom the present proceedings had been taken; and who, among other grounds, objected that the assessment ought to have been allow. ed by two justices. The Counyr gtranted a rule to show cause. THE QUEEN V. LOCEKWOOD AN)D OTHEES. This was an indictment, which charged the defendants, who acted as agents of the landlord of a house situated at No. 90, Great Junction-terrace, Edgware-road, with a forcible entry on the 5th of December, 1855. At the trial, which took place before Iord Campbell at the sittings after last term, the defendants were found guilty ana sentenced to paya fine of Is. each. Mr. HAWKNiS now moved for a rule to show cause why the verdict and judgment should not be set aside, and a new trialgranted. The premises in question had been let, under an agreement dated the 11th of December, 1854, at a mouthly rent of 16!. 13s. 4a. to a person who passed as Charles Kmnigt, but 'whose real name was Zewr. I ord Cae}PmmL-_T he occupier had barricaded the house, which was twice t3ken, and the occupier obliged to surrender. Therc w as evidence that on the last occasion there was a forcible entry, but he (Lord Campbell) had thou-ht it safficient to impose a fine of is. only upon the defendants. Mr. HlAwKns said the tenant had ueed the house as a sort of penny and twopenny theatre, where he exhibited poses p5astiqtzs and other entertainments, which attracted a number of young boys and girls of an evening. There was an arrear of two months' rent. T'he defendant on going to levy a distress for his rent on the 5th of December found that the tenant had omitted to barricade one of the windows, and, by getting on the leads of the next house, he succeeded in effecting an entrance withouLt undoing any fastaning, and then seized the gooDs. A man remained in quiet possession until a late hour on Saturday night, the 8th of December, when he was forciblyturned out into the street and the house barricaded against him. On the Monday follow ing the defendant, thinking that, as he had once been in possession, he might break an outer door, went to the police station and got several constables to accompany himn to see that there was no breach of the peace. HIe thhen made his way into the hou se by 'wrenching open tha Lord CAIIPBELL said it had been held that when goods had been seized the party, if ejected, might break open arL outer door to re-enter; but it had not been decided that in breaking open he could commit a breach of the peace. The defendant bad no rig ht to go with a number of people with crowbars. M1r. Justice ERLE said he thouiht the defendant had had a narrow escape. On the first entry the window was shut, and if it had been in the night time and there had beern a felonious intent, his Lordship intimated there 'was a sufficient breaklng to constitute burglary. His Lordship thought there was a " breaking," though the window was not fastened. Xr. HAwv S said he was very anxiou7 to save his client, if possible, from the liability to pay the costs of this pro secution. Lord CASWBEPB L said he thought the defendant was wel off. The Court would be glad to do anything for him, but could not. MIr. HASWxis hoped the Court 'would have the power when the question of costs arose. Rule refused. CLEME-2ToN AND ,NOT=PE V. RO1ERIS. Mr. Serjeaut PIGOTT moved, pursuant to leave reserved, for a rule to show causer why the verdict which had been found for the plaintiff for 150Z. should not be set aside and a nonsuit entered. The action was for money lent, and the only question was whether there was any evidence to go to the jury in support of the action. The defendant had 'written to a party at Newcastle named Potts to advance money to the captain of his ship, and gave instructions to Potts that if it was not conlvenient to him, he-was to get some one else to do so. Potts had employed the plaintiffs,'wlho had advanced money to the captaan to the extent of IDOL; but the defendant disputed the authority of the plaintiffs, who had advanced whatever amount the master pleased to asik for. The jury had found a verdict for only 501. ; but still the learned sereait contended the action could not be sustained, and the plaintiffi had acted without the defend' ant's authority. The COVUT, however, thought the letters which h beent
COURT OF COMMON PLAS. WnF-r A^ --01 STACEY V. OBBARD. (Sittings in Banco,9 beforc Lord Chief Justice JdRmvs and Justiccs CRESSwNmLL, CRO DEP, and WmrMF-S l 'this was an action brought by the plaintiff as the secretary of the Church of England Benefit Building Society, to recover from the defendant and three other managing directors of the society the amount of his salary, at the rate of 2001. a-year, on being dismissed without notice. The juryfound averdict for theplaintiff for1250. 14s. Ud., with leave reserved to move to enter the verdict for the defendant, on the ground that the plaintiff was himself a member of the society and a partner, and could not therefore sue himnself. A rule having been obtained accordingly, MIr. ATHERTON, Q.C., and Mr. HAKE showed cause against the rule, and Mr. liuOWvLEs, Q.C., and Mr. COLE appeared in support of it. After the case had been argued some time the learned counsel on both sides agreed to accept a proposition suggested by the Lord Chief Justice, that the verdict should stand for 501. Rule accordingly. HLAvKER V. SEALE, DRT.C In this case, which was an action for crim. con., and in which the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, damages 1001., the AToTRNEv-GEsrNuL (with whom were Mr. Collier and Mr. Hawkins) showed cause against the rule for a new trial obtained on affidavits of surprise, and that some of the witnesses on whose testimony the jury had found their verdict were not to be believed. These affidavits were supported by an affidavit of the defendant himself, in which, in general terms, he denied the trtth of some of the statemeats of the witnesses imputing acts of adultery to hin averring that he was so engaged with the duties of his regi ment at Devonport and with his hunting appointments that he could not have visited the plaintiff's wife every day as the witnesses svwore, and denying that he had committed adultery with her in his regimental dress, as sworn to on one occasion by one witness, and generally denying the imnpu tations of the witnesses in the manner and form alleged by them. This affidavit the learned Attorney-Genera said was very unsatisfactory. The action had not been brought for damages, but in order to obtain a divorce, as the parties were living separate at the time. If the witnesses for the plaintiff were to be believed there could be no doubt that an adulterous intercourse had been going on. The affidavits asked for a new trial on the grounds of surprise and that material evidence to discredit one of the plaintiff's witnesses had been discovered since the trial. One of the affidavits relied on was that of Sarah Keene, the maid of the plabstiff's wife; but she had been present at the trial, and might have been called, and the defendant's attorney knew that the maidservant at* the lodginns, who swore to certain facts, was going to be called, and the defendant might have had witnesses to contradict her, if her statement could be contradicted. But without her evidence there was evidence of aporterto show that the defendant's portmanteau had been carried one night to a house in Barrington-villas, where the plaintiff's wife wvas lodging, and the defendant was seen to leave that hpuse at 6 next morning; and the defendant had neversworn that he did not sleepthere. He submitted that this erildence, together with that of the mistress of the lodging-house, was enough to justify the verdict without the maidservant's testimony. The COUP.T said they would hear Milr. Slade, Q.C., and Mr. Karalake on Thursday in support of the rule. (Sittings at NYisi Prius, at JFestminscer, beforc AMr. Jutstice WVILLIAMIS and a Comnzmon Jury.) VILKINSON V. GRANT. The hearing of this cause, which was commenced on Friday afternoon, and resumned on Saturday afternoon, occupied the whole of to-day, and the only question which arose during the trial was whether, under the circumstances of the case, a mortgagor was liable to the attorney of a mortgagee for his costs, the mortgage not having been concluded by reason of objection made by the mortgagee to the sufficiency of the security offered. Numerous letters were put in, on the construction of which points arose, and many witnesses were ca}led to prove the custom of the profession in similar cases, but a report of the trial would be totally 'without interest to the general reader. Mr. Seijeant Byles and Alr. Needham appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Serjeant Shee and Mr. Bushby were counsel for the defendant. TuESDAY, APRIL 22. (Sittings in Baunco, Easter Tnrm, bcforc Lord Chief Jzstice JERVIS and JZustices CREiSWVELL, CROWvDE, and LAW\VSON V. THE BANK OF LONDON. Thiswasan action to recovercompensationindamages from the defendants for havino used and adopted the title of "the Bank of London" For their banking establishment, a name which the plaintiff alleged in his declaration he had first applied to a bank which he had established, and by means of the use of this name the plaintiff alleged the defendants had fraudulently transacted. business at their said bank under the colour and pretence that their bank was the bank established by the plaintiff. This declaration having been demurred to, 3Mr. Turner appeared in support of the demurrer, and Mr. M'Namara against it. For the defendants it was contended that they did not create the name of their bank, as it must have been given by act of Parliament, or by charter, or by letters patent. It was also contended that the company could not be liable in the present action, as, being a corporation, it could not commit a fraud, a corporation having no mind or con-science. For the plaintiff, it was contended that a fraud had been committed by the defendants in trading under the banking name of the plaintiff, for which an individual would be liable, and there was no good reason why a corporation should notbe equily liable. The COURT did not deem it necessary to express an opinion as to the liability of a body corporate 'who traded after notice under a false representaticn like thit declared upon. It had not been shown that the plaintiff had so established himself under the banking same assumed as to be entitled to complin of the injury. He seemed to be rather a promoter, who bad gone to some - expense, and who had been been beaten by a rival bank, as it did not appear that he had carried on business as a banker, or that he had lost custom by the establishment of the defendants bank. The action would not therefore lie. Judgment for the defendants. PEPPER V. MIAPLES. This was an appeal from a decision of the County Court judge of Nottingham. Mr. Merewether appeared for the appellant, and Mr. H. James for the respondent. It appeared that in 1836 the respondent let a house and shop to the appellant for a year by a verbal agreement. Subsequently permission was given to tho appellant to alter the premises on the verbal agreement that he should restore them into their original condition when he left. In April 1855 the appellant left the premises, having become a bankrupt, and the assignees refused to take possession of the premises; and the appellant thereupon gave notice to the respondent, under the 145th section of the Bankrupt Act, that hewould give up possession of thepremises to him, and did so. The respondent thereupon, without making any claim under the bankruptcy, brought his action on the agreement against the appellant in the County Court of Nottingham, and recovered 'judgent for the amount claime, the judge of the County Court overruling an objection that the claim was barred under the 178th section of the Bankrupt Act. From that decision the then defendant appealed. After hearing the arguments of counsel, The COURT affirmed the decision of the Court below.- Judgment for the respondent. 'wARNER V. WINDDECOMBE. This was an action tried before Mr. Justice Wiliams on Friday last at Westminster, in which the plaintiff recovered a verdict, with 3651. damages. Mr. BovIss, Q.C., now moved for a new trial on the ground of misdirection. The action was brought on a bill for 5001. drawn by the defendant on a person named Mernitt, who accepted it and handed it to Messrs. Pace, brokers, to be discounted. It eventually was taken to the plaintiff, who is the secretary to a zinc company, who agreed to seU to a person named Lei cester 40 tons of zinc, receiving the bill in part paymentthe zinc to be taken at 391. per ton, the market price being 341. No money was paid or zinc delvered, andthe bill was subsequently stolen. It was contended by the counsel for the defendant, that the plaitiffs accountwas all a fraud. The learned judge left it to the jury whether the bill had been fraudulently obtained by the plaintiff from Leicester, and the jury were of opinion that it had, and that aU the plaintiff had done after receiving notice from Messrs. Pace was fraudulent. It was now contended that the plaintiff was not a holder for value, and that a contract g-ven inevidence to make out that he was ought not to have been admitted.-Rule 2is granted. (Sittings at Nis!i Prius, at Guidhall, before Mir. JTustice W As.m,xs and a Common Jury.) The cause list contains an entry of 30 cases for trial at these sittings. PROCTER V. vICKERS. Mr. Seijeant Byles and Mr. Hawkins appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Parry and Mr. Stephenson for the defendant. This was an action brought to recover damages for the alleged negligence of the servants of the defendant, by reason of which it was asserted that the plaintiffhad sustained injury. The defendant is a distiler and manufacturer of isinglass, carrying on business in Little Britain and Aldersgate-street, and in lis factory there is a hoist or lift by which goods are passed from the lower to the upper floors of the warej house, andtice rersO. On the 6th of August last the plaintiff got on tothis machine for the purpose of letting himself downto the lower story of the building, when the rope broke, and he was precipitated to the bottom and seriously hurt, and he now sol3ght to recover compensation for the damage thus sustained. For the defendant, it was contended that the accident arose either wholly or partially from the plaintiff's own fault; that he had no right at any time to go down the hoist, and that on this particular occasion he had been cautioned that the rope was out of repair and unsafe, and it was proved, although the plaintiff denied this, that he had said before descending, 1"We'll chance it; there is a hospital close by." The evidence adduced on both sides was carefully ahalysed by the learned judge, and the jury eventually found a verdict for the defendant. FESEN31EYER V. DOUGLAS. Mr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Hawkins were counsel for the plaintiff; MIr. James, Q.C., and Mr. D. Brown appeared for the defendant. This was an action for slander brought by an attorney. The words complained of were spoken of and concerning the plaintiff to a person who was passing through the Bankruptcy Court under the advice and management of the plaintiff, and wvere, "Is that the d-scamp who is winding up your affairs so nicely? I dare say he will bring you IThr ough plea was " Not Guilty," and The jury tound for the plaintiff-damages ls. The Court adjourned until Thursday morning.
COURT OF EXCEQUER, 2IfoDAy. APRIL 21. CLA,Y V. YATq. (Stings sn Banco.) Mr. QuAr, mioved for a rule to enter a nonsuLit in this action, which was tried before the Chief Baron at Guildball, and resultedin a verdict for the plaintiff. It appeared that in the conrse of last year the defendant employed the plaintiff, a printer, to print for him N0 copies of a work on military tactics, to which,%was prefixed a dedication to Sir W. Napier. As soon, however, a the plaintiff had an opportunity of reading this dedication he~ pronounced it to be ibelos, nd roe aleterto hedefendant declining to print it, hut insisted on delivering the hook without the objectionable part, while the defendant equally refused t accept it in its incomplete shape. This action was therefore brought to recover the amount of the bill for printin- and the learned counsel now contended that the plaintiff at the trial should have been nonsuited, inasmuch as he had not performed his part of the contract, which was to print the whole and not merely a part of the work, and as the agreement ought to have been in wingby the provisions of the Statute ofFrauds. The .CouT granted a rule to show cause. GRAVES V. COOK. This action was tried on Wednesday last before Mr. Baron Martin, and a verdict given for the plaintiff, with 1001. damages. Mfr. Serjeant FIGoTr now moved for a new trial, on the ground of misdirection. It appeared that the plaintiff was the purser and secretary of the Poltimore Gold Mining Coipany, the object of which was to get gold upon one of the evonshirehlls, and, inorderto startthe concern,sixof the proprietors met together, agreed to take 100 shares each and give the secretary an I 0 U for the first instalment This was done, and, the deferidant hot havin paid his por tion, an action was brought against him, and the I 0 I re ceived as evidence of the debt. It was now argued that there was no consideration or debt between the defendant and the purser, and that the verdict therefore was wrong. The CouRT, however, thought that the giving of the other I10 U's by the othier proprietors was a good and suffidient consideration, and the arrangement clearly was that the plaintiffshould be the person authorized to sue. The rule was therefore refused. (Sitings at Nisi Prius, before Mr. Baron, BREA IvELL and (Comonw Juries.) LOVEGROVE V. STEPHENS. Mr. Seijeant Thomas and r. Tindal Atdkinson appeared for the plaintiff, and Mhr. Hlawk-ins for the defendant. This was an action brought by an attorney at Glocoster to recover a sum of 1241. 5s. 5d. from the defendant, the son of a retired tradesman, being the amount of his bill of costs. The defendant pleaded, except as to 371., never indebted, and as to that sum he pleaded a set-off. The plaintiff's case was that he, being the coroner of the county, and not wisqhing to sue any -person ununecessarily, hadl written letter after letter to the defendant to try and bring him to terms, but without success. Some of the accounts in the bill had been incurred so long ago as 1849, and the latest in 1852. The defendant's set-off consisted of a charge for canvassing for the election of tlhe plaintiff as coroner, but he had done so without any authority being given him on the part of the plaintiff. However, notwithstanding that,the plaintiff, to avoid trouble,would admit the claim made against him, which would reduce his own bill to 87!. Mr. HA;ViNiS said all he could suggest was that the bill had not been taxed. Mr. Baron BRA7NBVELL said, in his opinion, thedefendant could tax the bill in point of law now, but he did not seewhy an attorneyshould be treated differently to anybody else,-to have no objection made to the amounts of his bill for three years, and then when the action was brought to have it disputed. The plain'tiff had actecd most fairlgy, and he was sure the verdict of the jury would be in his favour. The plaintiff then offered to take a verdict for the 871. to be reduced to 701. on payment of the taxed costs of tho present action. This was eventually agreed to by the defendant. WEST V. PARSLOW. This was an action brought to recover damages for an alleged assault and false imprisonment. The defendant pleaded "Not Guilty." Mlr. Edwin James and Mr. Jacobs appeared for thle plaintiff, and Mfr. Petersdorff for the defendant. It appeared that the plaintiffwas a corn-chandler, carrying on business in the City-road, and the defendant was a thFber-merchant in Old-street-road. On the 1ltlh of Febuar lat te painiffwaswalingup the City-road in the evening, when a drunken man fell against him. He placd hm aaint awal, bt, ein unble to Stand, the mLancfelldo m The palaintbiff thbenput him on a door step and walked on. The defendant then came up to him and accused him of having illused the man; the plaintiff denied lhaving done so, but the defendant insisted upon giving him into custody. He was taken to the station-house; the charge-sheet wras signed by the defendant, and the plaintiff. being unable to obtain hail until 12 o'clock that night, was locked up. On appearing before the magistrate the next morning the defendant was not there .to prosecute, and consequently he was discharged. Several witnesses were called en the part of the plaintiff. On behalf'of the defendant it was contended that the action should have been brought in a County Court. All that the defendant had done was to protect.a helpless man, whom he believed was being grossly illtreatted. He denieflgiving theplaintiff into custody at all, hut said that he wa'a simply a witness, the drunken man having given the plaintif mn charge for assaulting him. Thepolcemn ws clle, ad sorethat the drunken manhad°gsiven theplaintiffinto custody, and that the defenddant reall had only called his attention to the matter, Mr. Baron BB.AsVmL,nin summing up, left it to the jury to say to which side they gave credit. If they found in favour of the plaintiff, then they must say to what amount of damages they considered him entitled. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 4X | DEAR V. CH.DDOCK. Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Grey appeared for the plaintiff- and-r. M. Chambers for the defendant. This was an action brought on a promissory-note for 500?. The defendant pleaded several pleas, the substance of which was that the note had been given without consideration, and that it had been obtained from the defendant by the fraudof the late.John Sadleir. It appeared that the plaintiff was an upholsterer, carrying on business at St. George's-terrace, Hyde-park. He had discounted the promissory-note in question soon after its date, the 27th of August, 1855, it being for six months, together vdth another one for the same amount. He had given 950?. for the two. He had taken them in a private t.ransaction between himself and M. Sadleir and another person named Law, one of the directors of the London and County Bank, of which Sadleir was the chairman He had been frequently in the habit of discounting hils of exchange and promissory-notes for Sadleir, and had had the luck to et them all paid. The defence was that the defendant was a gentleman who had been induced to join a company called the East Dean Coal and Iron Mining Company. Hehadbeenzequested to give his promissory-note to enable the company to be carried on, but on the understanding that he was not to be called upon for its payment. He had received no consideration for it; but, as it was nowin the hands of an innocent holder, who had given value for it, it must, of course, be~iBaron BRAsSET,I,.-Gentlemen, you will please to find a verdict for the plaintiff for 5031., the amount of the promaissory note and interest. Verdict accordingly. BUSINESS OF THE COURT. Mr EDWINv JAMES asked his Lordship if he would sit in the ci on Wednesday, the day of the review. Mr. Baron BRAnnvELL said he did not knowwhether Mr. Baron Martin, who was the Judge appointed for those sittings, would or not. Mr. Mx CHAMBERs said no doubt the First Lord of the Admiralty had provided accommodation for the learned Judges. (lLaighter.) TusrDAY, APni 22. (Sitting in Banco.) OROOMBE V. CORE. Mr. Qu,Ax moved for a review of the Master's taxation in this case. This was an action to recover compensation for injuries alleged to have been received by the property of time plaintiff in consequence of the works connected with the formation of the Trafalgar fountains. The cause having been referred to a barrister, the parties duly attended by one counsel, and eventuallv a verdict was ordered to be entered for the plaintiff Whin the costs came on to be taxed the Master disallowed the charge for the attendance of a shorthand-writer, wlnchXnearly equalled the fee of the learned arbitrator. It was now submitted that the Master was w,rong on this point. There being only one counsel on each side, it was necessary that some one should take notes of the evidence from day to day, and the shorthand-writer was a necessary expense in the absence of a junior counsel or an attorney's clerk. He might, at all events, be considered to be an attorney's clerk pro Me vice, and the plaintiff ought to be allowed to recover on taxation so much of his charge as would have been allowed by the Master under that head. The COURT, however, was of opinion that the decision of the MAaster was quite correct. The case was one in which the Master would have allowed for a second counsel or for the attorney's clerk; but the shorthand-writer was neither the one nor the other, and his charge was properly disallowed on taxation. The rule must therefore be refused. Rule refused. NAVAL REVIEV. In the course of the day the CEBP BARON announced that, ithavin been communicated to him that the Courts of Queen's Benc and Common Pleas had determined to grant to the profession a holyday on the occasion of the naval review, this Court would adopt the same course, and would neitber sit in Banco nor at Msi Prims to-morrow (this day). As, however, Wednesday was a special paper day, the CoArb would take that paper on Thursday. NEW TRLIL PAPER-TAY.LOR V. LAIRD. This was an action in which the plaintiff sought to recover compensation for his services rendered under acontract entered into by him with the defendant to conduct an expedition from Fernando Poup the Niger, whichwas to partake partly of a commercial and partly of a scientific character, the plaintiff being employed by the defendant in the former branch, while thme latter was superintended by an officer appointed by the Admiralty. As might have been anticipated, these two commnanding offiicers disagreed, and, after they had proceeded some distance up the river, the plaintiff resigned his command to his rival, bat remained en board, and on the return of the vessel to Fern3ando Po brought her home. For the services rendered both before and after his resignation the plaintiff brought this action, and the defendant, having paid a sum of money to the plaintiff at the rate of 501. per month, pleaded the resignation. At the trial before Sir F. Pollock, at Guildhall, the plaintiff recovered 501. for a month's pay under the contract beyond the sum paid into court, and 2721. for his services after his resignation under the quantumn meruit; but the jury found that by his resignation he had put an end to the contract. This rule was afterwards obtained to enter a verdict for the defendant or for a new trial, on the ground that the plaintiff having put an end to the contract, the defendant was not bound to pay anything for the services of the plaiatiff, who stood in the light of a stranger. I Sir P. THESIGES, Mr. ML S;3mrr, and Mr. MsuDs appeared to show cause against this rule. At the close of their argument the Court rose. Mr. Watson, Mr. Wilde, and Mr. Tomlinson appeared for the defendant, and will support the rule on Friday. (Sittings at Nisi Print, at Guildhdll, before Mrr. Baron MARTI amid Coanwa Juries.) This was the first day of the sittings in term in London the list contained 19 causes. HfIE V. BURROVS. Mr. Serjeant Thomas and Mr. Charnock appeared for the plaintiff. The defendant was not represented by counsel, neither did he appear in person. This was an action on the warranty of a horse. The defendant denied the unsoundness of the animal. It appeared that the plaintiff was a farmer at Epping, in Essex, and on the 21st of February last he saw an advertisement in The Times respecting a horse which was to be sold a bargain. He went together with a friend to the premises of the defendant, who is a gentleman in the habit of discounting bills, and there saw the horse in question, which the defendant said he had taken from a young gentleman whose bills he had discounted, but from whom he had been unable to obtain money. He warranted the horse sound, and asked 451. for it, but at length agreed to take 40?., which sum the plaintiff immediately handed over to him. On being asked for a written warranty the defendant said he had warranted the horse before the plaintiff and his friend, and that would be sufficient. The plaintiff mounted his new purchase, but before he arrivedhome he found the horse was quite lame. He took it to a veterinary surgeon, who discovered that it had the navicular disease, which is incurable. - It was sent back to the defendant, who refused to have anything to do with it. The plaintiff then put the animal up to auction, and it realizedI 161. He had now brought this action to recover the difference between that sumn and 401. The learned JuDGE said that, the defendant not being there to defend the action, the jury mnst find their verdict for the plaintiff for 241. Verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed.
CONSISTORY COURT, TuESDAY, Ax.RIL 22. Trw ejos nogui . r Usin GTor.) There was no business requiring a report.
COUBJT OF BANKPUPTCY, BasingWU-drer4 April 22. LN RE KING. (BCforc Mr. Cornzmiotnem TTT.-TAnV-T aine oank-rupt was a bookseller, at Guildford. Mr. CnDLEY applied on his behalf for a certificate. Although the bankrupt had come to the Court on his own petition, and his estate had not realized 5s. in the pound, as prescribedby the statute in such cases,'he felt thattthe loss by realization of a&sets might so far be taken into consideration as to justify the granting of a certificate. His HOxNOUR declined to take this course. There would be an adjournment for tlhee months. IX RE WVOOLLETn, XEPfW W. H. Woflett and J. F. S. Woollett, t;aded in Limestreet-square, as ship and insurance agents and commission merchants, under the above firm. They were now adjudicated bankrupts on their own petition. Tle amount of debts and liabilities cannot be yet ascertained; the assets are put down at 5,7314. MWr. Edwards is the official assignee. IN RE sILi5UN. The bankrupt was a ship and insurance broker, of Leadenhall-street, tradingas George Harmlin and Co. He now passed his examination supported by Mr. Lawrance, and unopposed by Mr. Linklater for the assignees. The debts are 5,541. ; assets, 1,1901.
POLICE. B3OW-STREET.-Peter Francis Morgan, whohad been employed for 20 years in the service of the Lost-office, was charged with stealing two letters containing money. Mr. Peacock, tlle Post-office solicitor, prosecnted ; and MIr. Hobler defended the prisoner. It was proved that the prisoner held the situation of a letter-sorter, and had long been suspected. On Tuesday week, having been watched by Peake and Smee, the Postoffice constables, he was seen to dispose of certain fragments of a letter, -whiCh, on beinggthered together, turned out to be a communication from a ady in Glocestershire, who had enclosed a sovereign for lier poor bed-ridden father, residing in London. At the prisoner's house the fragments of a second letter were found, which had been enclosed, with halfa-sovereign, to a young gentleman residing at Maida-hill by his uncle-the Rtev. Mr. Barr, of Wendon Rectory, near Eaffron WValden. A quantity of jewelry was also found at the prisoner's lodgirgs. Mr.JuaD> committed the prisoner for trial on both charges. MARLMOROUGH-STREET.-Lord Ward was summoned eforore- lr. BLxG}L£m for refusing to pay Edward Philpot his fare. The cabman said, one of his Lordship's'servants hired him to go from Dudley-house to Kensington. The distance was Iver threb miles, and when he applied for 2s. he *w~ refusd I ayinent, His Iordship had no knowledge of the circumstarces under which he had been summoned. He presumed the question was as to distance, whether under or over three iles; and, as that was a circumstance upon which lhe had notbingto say, he should pay the demand at once. His Lordship then handed -Mr. Iedley, the Chief Clerk, halfa-sovereiga to pay fare and expenses, together 6s -His Lordshlnbad left the court but a very short timewhen one of his domestics entered the court to state that the cabmsan had been previously paid, and he wanted to know what he was to do under such circumstances. Mfr. Leadley asked binm if this was the only cab engaged to take up at Dudley-house on that daygl - -The serant said there were a great many other cabs en. gaged that day, and he did not think he should be able to swear to this particular cab. Mr. PBnGAM{ could not assist the applicant, w;ho then left the court. WEST3MISTMS-A few days ago Eliza Perkins, a clain, matronly-looling woman, between 30 and 40 years ofa preferred a complaint against a policeman for assaulting her.- In the course of the inquiry it transpired that she had gone to the house of Mr. Protheroe, formerly 3LP. for Bristol, S, Eccleston-square, Pimlico, and, having refusedtoleavethe premises, the policeman was called in to remove her, when, owin" to her resistance, was compelled to use some force, and the complaint against hi wras consequentlyedismised. On Mfonday the woman Elia Perksins was charged by Mr. Protheroe with creating great disturbance at his house by knocking and ringing the bell, vwhen she .alleged as an excuse for her conduct that she had formerly lived with MEr. Protheroe, that her husband had latelyleft her in consequence of suspecting that the connexion between them still existed, and that she was left ,destitute with three young children, the paternity of whom was questionable. Mr. Protheroe, who is apparently above 80 years of age, said that the woman had no claim upon him, and she was discharged by Mr. Arnold upon entering into her own recognizances to keep the peace, and promsing to prosecute any claim, real or imaginarv she might have against the gentleman in a legal way; but inthecourse -of the same afternoon she and her friends got up a scene of the most disgraceful description in Eccleston-square, to the great annoyance of the re table residents there, which resulted in m; a Perkins, =a yThompson, Jane Preston, and .Amnn falcolm being yesterday charged at this court. It was proved that between 4 and 5 o'clock Perkins and her two companions, Preston and Thompson, walked up and down Eccleston-square, accompanied by the formefs three children apparently aged about two, four, and six years, and collected alarge crowd of persons, whose sympathywas excited bytheir account onbelixif of the children, who were plenteously supplied with brerd and butter and halfpence by the multitude who were induced to understand that they were suffering all kinds of privation thr6ugh the neglect of some person who had a right to maintaim them. - Perkins called upon Mr. Protheroe by name, applied all manner of disgraceful epithets to him, and dckreh her intention to annoy him. T he police were endeavouring to remove the defendants and disperse the crowd, whexi Malcohn told the police to move at their peril, reminded them that they had nadtheirinstructions, took outa daguerrotype portrait of Mr. Protheroe, and, exhibiting it, said that that was the father of the children. Mr. Austin, jun., solcitor, urged on behalf of his client, Mrs. Malcolm, a very respectable-looking woman, that the crowd was there before she came up. She had advised M. Perkins to go awray,, and if she had been betrayed into the utterance of any improper expression with respect to Thompson ad Prest4n's remaining, it had been caused by her sympathy for the poor children. A witness having been called on behalf of Malcolm, who denied the statements made on the other side, the defendants Preston and Thompson declared that Malcohu had given, themno instructions to take the children to Ecclestonsquare, but that they had gone to Mr. Protheroe's with them bvdirection of Perkins, who thought that if he would not do anything for her he would be moved to compassionate the children. Mrs. Perkdns denied that she was in the square at all. Mr. ASiyoLD observed that it was clear to him that Mrs. Malcolm had given the women Preston and Thompson instructions in this matter, and that she was exhibiting the portrait, and her conduct was the less excusable because she ad applel to him on the previous day respectin- Mrs Perkins and the children, and he had told her he corld not permit a disturbance to be made at Mr. Protheroe's house. It was altogether an extremely disgraceful affair, and he should call upon Perkins to find two sureties in 201. for the next six months; Mrs. Malcolin. to find one surety in 20.; Thompson, one surety in 101.; and Preston (a widow with a large family), to enter into her own recognizances to keep the peace. Bail was put in for Mrs. Malcolm, who is Perkins's landlady. TuAairs-YeAterday William Murray, a ruffianly-looking fellow, who described himself as a seaman, but is well known to the police as the associate of thieves, was brought before Mr. YAP.DLEY, charged with commiuting a violent assaulton James Casly, who appeared in court in a very weakly condition from loss of blood, and with his head enveloped in surgical bandages. The complainant, an inoffensive youth, is the son of a poor Irishwoman who keeps a fruit and vegetable stall mn the Whitechapel-road, opposite the workhouse. On Monday night, after the woman had sold out her little stock of goods, hersonputthe materials of which herstallwascomposedonabarrowto wheelhome. Hehad not proceededfar alongthe road before lie was interrupted by the prisonerand three other ruffians, one of whom tripped up the barrow and scattered everything upon it about the road. On the lad asling for an explanation of this extraordinary proceeding, one of the party struck him on the head and knocked him down. le got up again, and was preparing to defend himself, when lie received a severe blow on the head from another of the party, which felled him to the ground, and while he was down the prisoner kicked him three times on the head, and thenran away. Mr. YAUDLEY sentenced the prisoner to ay a fine of o?. to the Queen, and in default committed hLm to prison for two months. LAcBnaH.-The deputy-chairman and five of the directors of the Norwood Cemetery Company attended to answer to a summous, taken out at the instance of lMr. Thomas Edwrard Eden, of 45, Threadneedle-street, City, surgeondentist, and charging the defendants with illegally trespassing on his property in the month of December last. Mr. Gilhanu, the solicitor and Mr. Repton, the barrister, attended on behalf of Mr. Eden; and MIr. Griffiths Thomas, the solicitor to the company, and Mr. Ballantine appeared onbehalf of the defendants. It appears that Mr. Eden is the owvner of some freehold property adjoining the cemetery, and some disputes having arisen as to the right of way they led to some litigation, and Mr. Eden stiUl complained bitterly of the encroachments on his property by the company's officers, and the present summons were taken out against those directors who were witnesses to his forcible ejectment from his property. When the case had bcen partly heard, it was arranged that tha case should be left to the arbitration of a gentleman of the bar; and Mr. Russell Gurney was unanimously fixed on as the arbitrator. Mr. ELLIOTr requested the acknowledgment in T7'e Timnes of 11. from Mr. Ward, of Bedford-row, 2Z. from "I. NT.," and 1Z. in postage stamps from "W. H.," for the noor woman Elizabeth Wright, whose husband was accidentally burnt in the Crimea.
SHIP .VEWS. LoSnoS, April 22.-Wnd at noon. lig; lIht breeze, and FEOA1uvT, April 2L-Arrived off the port, the Queen, from Beyrout and Crookliaven for Antwerp. Sailed, the Datle of Cornwa, for London-the Sir F. Drake, for Plymouth. MA.LTA, April 12-The Black-eyed Susan arrived here yesterday from London leaky, having encountered strong and tempestuous wceather on the voyage. SYRt. April 9.-The Timandra, from London for P,alhlava put into the islandof Mile on the 31st tult., her cargo (patent fool) being on fire; she hadto run on shore and be scuttled. Her cargo would he landed. CossTAssonrLv, April 2L-TheOmar Pasha is ashore in the Prphorus; assistance bas heen rendered. The F'alcon of Sunderland, sunk off Palling on the 15th inst., a boat, a beam, and a yard have comue ashore. GRAVESEND, Arr 22. (lv SuBmAISTh- AN-D BRSE TzLroarn) (From Lloyd's.) 9.30 a.m.-Wmd, B.; tide, low water; fine. Arrived-The Wellington, from Madras-the Tiger, from H{amburg -the Panther, from Boulogne-and the Citizen, from Rotterdam. Sauled.-The Rhine, for Boulogne-the Gertrude, fo. Dantsic-and the Blue Jaclet, for Genoa. 1 pxm.-Wind, B ; tide, four hours' flood; fine. ArrivedL-The Engelina, from Groningen-the Alfred, from Sinesthe Christiana, from Uddevralla- the Robert and 3Iary, from Autwerp -and the William Beckett, from Nantes. Sailed.-The Indomitable, for Malta. 3 p.m.-Wind, E.; tide, high water; fine. Arrived.-The Halfdan, from Christiana-the Vessesy, from Worcum -and the Selina, from Porto Rico. 7.30 p.m.-W'md, E.; tide, four hour's ebb; light and fine. No arrivals. Sailred.-The Sladin, for Calcutta_ ArrL. 21. Arrired.-The Amne, from Duakdrk-the Pollur, from B'amburgand the Reynard, from Ostend. Sailed.-The James Shepherdt for Jamaica. - DEAL, AraiL 22. (Br SuxA=ya-x ASnD BRasa TsszouRaxa) (From LloId's3. 9 3.m.-Wnd, N.E. : roderate.-No arrivals. Sailed.-The HIelena, for London. Noon.-Wind, E N.B.; light and fine. Passed.-The Conflict, from Rangoon for London-the Eleanor, for St. John's. and the Holyrood, for the westward from London- 2 p.m.-Wlmd, EY.N ; moderate and fine.-No arrivals. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, N.E; moderate. Arrived aInd Passed.-TheJames Shepherd,from I,nndon forJamaica -the Mary and Sarah, from the north to the westward-the Norfolk, from Newcastle for Civita Vecchia, maklng Qfferton's mumbers-the Blakely, for Newcastle from Venicc. Visazs Spor Winm The Persia, 175miles from Liverpool, April 19. The Jane and Isabella, from London for Hfongkong, March 5, in lat, The Lohanon. from the Manritils for Falmouth, March22, in lat. The Heather Bell, from the Mauritlus for London, April6, in lat. 36 N , long. 30 W.~S i lt.39N. lng The Roseendale, from Swvansea for FayaL. April 3, in lst. 3;9 N., long. The CityofBristol, from Glasgow for Sydney, Dec. 14, in lat. 11X., The Caroline Read, from Calcutta for the Matnitius, Felx 17, ilat. The Blenheim, from Calcutta for London, in lat. 2 N., long. The Seringapatam and the Caroline E3za, MHarch 4, off Calmzapatana. MGH WATER AT LONhDON'-BRTL 5E TW S DAY. Morning .. 32 min. after 2 1 Afternoson .. 4S mr. after 3
j dvertisement.J-" E1egant .As for ladieg.lt-Every fat ershouldplacethisnewbo6c 'in h.i daughter's hands. It'treats uponevery.art and accomplshmnent, and, is superblyllustatedwith BWegvgLA 31017 useful or clegant book does not eit -roc 3s. 6d.. richly gilt. 1,Becatehins- Handbook of frdea=?(iulfa 2s. &d.) ought to be boought by all -w-ho keep birds. "The Wife's Own Book of Cookery" vill secmre a good dinner 'with the most slender means. Over265descriptive illutiorns add- to the Utility and vaue of hiawok, whih c snaf~bove 1,500 origirnal receipts for dil htm 9tIR~%=yIom(d andare adapted to allin. oomes; rice"n d. " . in eedlewor-,"by Mms Warrerg and Mrs Poillan, Ss. Sd. Ward and Lock. 158 Fl______e [Advertisement]-"1 The Widow Barnaby,", by lfrS. TfoIlope; newand cheaP edition;fpriee 2s boards; free by pot for 26' stamps.-Sacha an excellient novel'as Mrs Trollope's ' Widow Barrab ! in its present attractive fomw ehatiywloob alioverS Of fOIction AlSO. jUSt pllblisbej new and ha dti i3fr. J. Morier's "HaNiiBaba in Englan I"price s. ch_p ditoe o for .2 stamps. M4r. Mor,e' Pesan talesae m ~ n ledgal to equal in initerest the far-famed"Aaan6lhgErci1 ments." A fourth edition of- that remaral Inaseti bFc f the Woods - or. the Fightin Quialkr,"i o ed, rc s d boards; 2s. clotb,-Lenon.War andLok18.Fetre
LAV 2IOTICEM-R{M Day.) OOURT OF CHANfCERY, Iu;osoN's-iser.-At bilf-pat 1t (Before the Lor.Ds Jusncz&) - S eala. Smith v. Lakemaxi-Parr T. JewelL ROLLS' COURT, CUAXIRcLs-LoAZ-at I0Q (Bentioned.-Viestmancel TSidall. _Caues, &c.-Feeav. Stokes-Prie T. JaGutorelrunht v. Gaffson. Tib'eit-^Sich v. ectt-Rtidgw-ayv. lieea-ayor v. Tay ___ n v.hDuval- per '. Manteli (1v-Daies v. ll2tcbkio Bllist. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ v Smaie&In Ohambers..At 4.-Gregory v. Faculkner. VICE-cH(cRoRS' COU7RTS, ICI?Wbsne.-At 10. (Before Vioe-Chanoellor Sir W. P. Wo i djourned Skuimrm v. B-Warher v. tuLthorae-Bsunt v. Iack part Ileard-Blead -Co ov. Blk Wtdell-Major v. -arnott. Ceauseg £.2orther Coal Mining Compay T. Waitl, head-i v.Leo ose e-Bird v. Isird-Palmer T. TFhurmbyWbVaUley v. WIlliasn-Eis v. Bli-Evanisv. Davies p2)-Elliott *. Ince-Blysj v. Coffey-Plumb v. 8tsaford-S;care v. BmaleTuacker v. Billing. (Before Vios-Chasicellor fiir . P. WOOD.1 -ass 4:.-e l. v. BIsgvand sth 4i~~Lke Bath;ut Mining Company, part heardoolk v. WVhitley-Blagrave v. Rtoath-ari v. Watkin-.Ward v. Eaton-Tabor v. Pooley-Wilton T. Hil-Parkea ROLTS CHAMBERS, CzAxc;Rny-xAr.m: A to K-At 1L-Cooke v. Gittiu-Benthall v. Chalton-Crooks y. Cadell-Devynesv.Robinson-.Gregoryv. Monsley-Beaie v. Symonds -Batersnnv. Hotchkin. At half-past 11.-Re Arber-Bunny v. Hopkinson-Jamesonv.Stein. Berih3gtonv.Berington, atll2 -Griffith v. Thomas, at 12-Gibbs v. Gibbs, at a-qu per pt 12-Attoraey-General ' at hal-past 12-Graham v. Graham, at 1-Crooks v.ndlivon, -tlast 1-Chester v. liei.- at 2. 1 to Z-fSelby v. ,atihalf-past 10-Mlaswell v. Port Tennant Compy, at 11Attorney-eneral v. Stevens. at 10-Eelby v. Cooling, at hail-past 11Sanders v. reeker, at a 2-qicholson v. ehavley, at haLf-past 12-Watt v. Watt, at half-pest 12Svmith Br gsoraali at 1-Tenh v. ClcsTe, ae bail-ast 1-rilles v. Greenhill, at 2-Street v. Worbley, at 3. VICE-CHANCELORS' CHABES I:eoL'Ts.. (Viee.Chanrellor XKDsaSnxyeCDmberr.) St. Autyt v. St.Ar byna at 10-Alder ,. Short, at ba- past 10-Per. ims v, Green, at a-arter to11-Hohnes v. Hloloes, at a-qarter to 1L At fLL-Tempest v. Briggs-lackstraw v. Meacher-Thomas v. Jones-Mfarke v. Uarke-Montgomery v. Hewitt (2). at halt-past 11Bush v. Bush (2), at hall-past 11-Death v. Death (2), at 12-Matthews 'v. Mlatthews. an 12Paulet v. Jackson, at half-past 12-Hlarrison v. Guest, at half-past 12-Higginson v. Blockley, at 1-Ward v. Ward, ,at -Vhitebeadv. Bennatt, at half-past !-.e Tndway, at half-past l -Burn v,. Thorally, at half-past 1-Attorney-General v. Shepherd, at 2-YatesT. Maddan, athalf-past2 and 3-Foyv. Stokes, at 3. tlVie-Chanoelor SorLV8 Chambers.) A to R.-Bean v. Kirby. at half-pst 10-Poynter v. Humphbcy, at half-past 10. At 1L-Ba Earl-ForythT. Inglgs-Andeson v. it. Vincent-jessev. Bennett-Chadw!&ic. lolt (2). lbboteon v.-Black. bun, at half-past 11-Baylis v. Jones, at hlU-past l1-Dawson v. Ciar_e, at 12 and 1-Avery v. Dowell, at half-part 1-Be Cumming, at 2 and 3-Jackson v. Graaam, at ball-past 3. L to 2.-Ward T. Wat half-art 10. At 1.-Thompson r. Wade-TusonT. Tucker - amv. e-Radcliffev. Witham-Nelson v. Booth. Naylor T. laurie. athalf-past11-ReYallop, athalf-pastfl-l e(2, at12HL Smith v. Smith at half-past lReWils. atl-ThoMas v. Butter. at a q'aster-past 1-Pottery. Phillips, from ha-llpast I to balf-past 2 -Re Tummons, fom half-past 2 to 4-,Re Welsh, from half-past 3 to 4.. Viloe-Chancellor WOOD'S Chambers) A to B-Edwards v. James (2). at 10-Groves v. Groves, at half-past 10-Gregory v. Desnatx, at half-past 10. At IL-Hicks v. Hastings. Countess of Buckingham v. Wilson-Fowler. Kidd-ripp v.Chard Railway-Re Brown, infants. Bennett v. Owens, at half-pat 11Hopps v. Wood, at half-past 11-Goodwin r. Stevens, at 12-HBewoma r. Baker.-at 12-Horsfield v, Ashton, at half-past 12-Pears v. Bownasws, at1-31arveyv. Bulk-ey, at 1-Gaige-v. Mailkin, at 2-Bower. . Jones; at 3. L to Z-IJttermere v. Vickess, at half-past 10-Meek. r. IIebden. atbhalf-pest 1O- taite v. Capel, at ll-.Bwtounv. Freeman, at Il-Wilimer v. Xidd, at 11-Wright v. Lamb, at half-past 11-. Ogilbyv. Gregory. at half-past 11-OJgden v. Pattamns, at 12, 1, 2, MASTERS' OMFCS, SouTnoXMN-Jzu=iNos LBefore Mater RItHAXMI.) Y lv.31edlicott-Watson v. Bentham-Brownv. Oaksbott-Barton v. Terrell-Stubbs v. Oldham. (Before Master BLur-'V.) Boy v. Barlow. at 11-Digby v. Boycatt, at 12-Cunliffe v. Hali, at 32-Shells . Shells, at half-past L (Before Master Huamay.j At 12.-Foster T. Bonper. (Before the Car Crrrgr . Attorney-General v. Pretyman, St. John's-Davis v. Stokes-Carl - male,v. Proffit-Iaghton v. Lighten. BANKRIUPTCY COURT, BimGnA=,smm. (Before M.L Commissioner FoxNBAZsQvrL) J. Harman-audit at 1 Read and Con-adit at 12. T. Vaas,--ertrficate at half-past 12. t. ltichardson- cate at 3. W. P. Hammond-dividendat. L . Turner-dividenda'l. H. Lockwood -dividend at hall-past . J. W. Cole-dividend at 2. W. S. Peebke -dividend at 2. (Before 1Mr. Commissioner Gonusm.) T. Padford-audit atlL It Down-auditatIL W. B. Tingeyprivate at IL C. Ford-application at i Bt K e I.an-iourd examinationathall-past1 l. . G.-ant-dividendatL2. J. Young- last esamination at half-pastlZ S. Brazier-last examination at. hlf-past L T. Harrison-choice of assignees at half-past . H(SOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, POnTUoAn mrm (Before Chief Commnisioner LAw.-At LL) Adjomuned Diacharge.-L. Curtis. For Protection.-J. T. Mowe, J. Anelli, T. A. Clare. Remanet.-J. Brenner. Final Order.-J. Quant. Adjourned -nal prder.-P. D. Retbein. Motion.-3L Lewis. Small Debt-Morgan v.Darby. 1lBefore Mr. Commissioner Msrnry.-At 10.) Adjourned Final Orders.-J. Booths, sen, C. Alexander. Fial Orders.-G. Barlett, W. Mashall Sen. J. Nell, T. PhiipsX, C. L. Browns, G. Andrew.s, W. Smith, T. F;nberron, T. Mtorton, H.. Lec, C. MIorgan, W. Pickett. Adjourned PJrisoner.-T. Grogan. Original Protections.-W. Greatwvoos, Pt. Harris, T. Joyee, A. Coming, T. l;icholls, W. Baei, lRule,-T. 1L .Meadows.
THE CORPORATION OF LOITDON. TO TIHE EDITOR OF THE TlMES. Sir,-Tho following is the condensed balance-sheet omitted to be appended to my letter in TOx Times of this morning, and which in reality is the case against the cor- - poration - DicoNx. Rents and quit rents .. ,011 Reneving fnes 12,800 3u-kets . 20s93 Tolls and dutti.. . 69i Offices (coal dues) 73,1e9 Requests * 132 srokers rents 3,790Feeedoms .. 840 Intgrest * 1,392 Sheriffs'nes . .200 Ceasal revenues .. 6,429 -- 210,0T N?avigation .,377 Consolidate (sewers) 69,52G Bridge-house 47,021 Police-rate 30,000 15i,92t 065.700 - Cosr or AnDm\smATiox £ General salaries to officers 39,672 Iegal salaries .. .. .. .. 14,700 Ditto expenses 4,600 Pensior. to relatioLs of offiers .. 3 Ditto ditto of aldermen . 50 P7arliamentary expense. .. .. 1,467 CommitteesforrefreslInents 2.900 Ditto other pleasures . .110G Auditors .. . oG Printing and stationery. . 3,12 State coach and official clothing 77. Halkeeper's petty expenditure 4,DG7 Sundries . . 14.56 Discrepancies in account of salaries 10,061 Further discrepandes .13,187 ChamberlaWs clers. . ,372 -16,10- Articers accounts, with names .. 5,44 Ditto, without names 4,1CO 9,600 Say hall for necessary repairs .. .. 480 - Balance for public psuposes .. .. 4802 36s.702 This account is the one used in my examination before the Commissioners, and is, probably, more favourable to the corporation than many published before and£irce. For instance, we haveno opening of a Coal Exchange, and 7,0004 for the cost; nor have we an Emperor of France, nor a King of Sardinia to swell the amount by an additicnal 15,0001. or 20,0001., which will appear in the last year's Lnancisl statte ment. In connexion with income I have excluded the proportioA of coal-taxc paid over to the Government, and made no reference to money borrowed, because they exercise no influenoeon the cost of administration, as all the items enumerated: would remain unchanged whether the income remained as above or amounted to a million sterling. 'Discrepancies in salaries may appear a curious item, but there is the glaring fact :-The Chamberlain's account gives 19,283L. as the salaries of certain officers. The same officers return their aggregate salaries at 29,34Sl. The difference arises from a portion of the salaries being received from fees. Forinstance, Mr. Brand is entered as receiving S001., while, by his own. showing, he receives 1,0131. TheChamberlain appears to receive 15 guineas by his account, 'while he is really paid 2,5001. Some excuse for the extravagance is attempted to be offered by the corporation having to meet the expenses oEI the prisons and the Central Criminal Court. From theartiflicers' bills I have struck off half the amount paid, Ma probably belonging to the prisons; and, if we strike out altogether the salaries of the Recorder, Common Serjeant, and Judge of the Sheriffs' Courli the cost of adminiatering the funds of the corporation would still exceed the sum I mentioned at the Common-hall-namely, 114,000?. The balance ofthe fands-244,8921-is, ofcourse, expended legitimately in sewers, prisons, police, bridges, &c. I have no wish to be parsimonious, but I contend that, under proper management, the dignity of the city may be maintained, and.a saving effected of at least 75,0001. per Sn-,,,,- i;FRANCIS BDTINOCEG 77, Wood-street, Apr:1.2L
[AdvertisemenI-M ar at'sNoveI s.-Thle cheap re-isue. Tb 6hdayis Poe _hs a ijublished, prioe 3s. rlfancy b9irs, or Iee by pos for2 stmps6 " he King's Own," by Captain Amrryat:-` Every true lover of hig,country has aeoDd~word for bold and honeo'Captain Macyat; be bas done for aca-stories what flbdin didbor the%alorA songm e baa given them a pemnanent position mntheliteratur,of our oountry. 2So other writer uas been equnaly successful in portrifng the different phases of life on the ocean. He gives usnthe dash, the daring, Sbe richness of the piterWe, wihont She ylgcity bv wbich too manT writers of the class bave raned their creatuons" It soond anticipatedshattheaoeod "The d g'sOn" wl rival thatof its lredeceasort Peter Sinple " of vhich 30, 00 conies have been sofi. London: George Eoutedge aD Co., F'rndingdonrstreet. [Advertiaement.J-Websteo's Dictionaiy. In one Ierge royal 8vo volume, Pruce16a., "fWebsters Dictionraof th Se ±zgb Language," the sixth edition. Thinsil imuporat work: whkch h&s been styled by the Press abmine of inexhaustible wreailh. a nhoble monumnQt oE erudition, to the etudeut an invaluable tmcre- to the san o£ business an ever ready book cf reference,' may DiO*,~ ob-01 tained of axny boo;seller for Its. "Su ch a marvel of cheapnss,a ach a mass of accurate and reiable information troghout, eoepwae - with the highest and most recent antherities and nevily edited 27,W00words notio befound inXodd'sJobnson being here inerted, cannot Ibiltoe ninse d for this edition of Webster."a g,re-eixet i -poriuion amnorogoobsof itaclass." A sspecimuen-paee if slsred, ssmF. be forwvaded grutis on arpplcatio-. London: George lolctstolge and Co., Farrnndou-rtreet
THE S iA VA L REV IEWT. The Lords of thc Admiralty a;rived at Portsmouth yesterday, and completed .llthe projected anrangementsfor to-day. A littlc breeze sprung up in the morning of yesterday, which seemed likely to freshen, and so spoil that part of the pro. gramme relating to the line of battle-ships; but it happily died away a3 the day advanced, and the eveniing closed, promising fair for to-morrow. The town aid siuburbs of Portsmouth, Gosport, Ryde, and the neighbourhood are crowded vwith visitors, who pour in still by eyery train and by speculative steatmers from seawards. Our French visitors amused themselves vesterday by visit. ing the gtnnery ship Excellent and Her Majesty's yacht; tbey w-erc saluted on leaving the former. A superb ball and banquet is now being arrauged in their honour, and Mill take place at the Royal Naval ColIege. The following is a complete 1Est of the ships present at Pc?tsmouth on the 23d of April, 18.36, in ordcr of sailing':- Mtortir sesma1s and Mrortsr floats. -Z0 in nuember. *Grand-ToW. :iGO wsselak; a$Yr2 guns; 30,671'borse-power. The Flect,.zs now anchared, covers a space, from pivot .sn1, to pive'7essels,-.f.npwardsof'319 miles. At the tiUamcurcorrespondent?sparcel left Southampton lat right, the excitement existing , in reference to the grard maval disp2?ay, whieh4akes placec.t.r±pithead this day, *had m .ched na -extraordinar-y -height. and the town was b:siegeFihy.visitorc -from -almost all parts. Not only had london, Eiverpool and other large-towns, together *with places adjacent. .co:xributed lazr,ely their. owota of sightscekers, brt numeous arriva3z -had taken place from 4eur P;ench meighbours. -HoLel accem'dation for those not n-nviously provided wv-as entirely out of the qlLestion; and, althou5h the 4-Kilities oCQrdad by the m.ail companies for -suoplying -anrnerous viitors with beds, L-c., on board .tblar ships .were lioeral:i contributed, yet the !ffculty to arrange for the requirements of Aall wag in -anyauy stances .z*parent. *Ieom an early hour till the close.of.tlieday -hugefanins cramied to excess were continually pouring into Mthe South-Wertern itajlway station at Soutazmpto2, and, 4!hough -it w.as impossible that the businex of the line coull be conduated Vwith that quiet which is oiwernable on ordinary occasiorn, yet we have not hcard of a single aeitlent. A little confusion existed in one or two instarces at Blihopstoke Junction, but by the adoption of a proper arraugement order was very easily resumed. The docks at Southampton presented a most picturesque appearance during yesterday. At the north side of the tidal basin were arranged six veszels belongingto the Peninsularand Oriental Conmpany, and each ship's stern being placed against the quay wall an easy access was provided for those *who will witness the grand spectacle by that means. The Royal Mail Company's and other ships were likewise judiciously arranged, and a fleet of not less thail 20 large vessels were in this dock alone. The whole of the vessels, it was expected, would get away by 10 o'clock, the smaller craft having the first start on account of the low state of the tide. The gig,atio steamer Hihalaya took up her position in the stresR 5esterday, and formed a formidable companion to Hei Wiesty's ships Perseverance, Transit, and Vulcan. The clart5ered vemsels were filling fast, although tickets could. hardly be considered at a premium. Her 31ajesty's steamer Vulcan has been appointed to convey the foreign Ambassadors from Southampton. ThE ILLumr(ATIoys.-MIr. Bylng, M.P., has given notice that, in the House of Commons, on Friday night, he wi call the attention of Her Majesty's Government to the sttement made last night, that " while no day of thanksgiving or special form of prayer has been proposed on the restoration of peace, inasmuch as the conditions of the said peace lave not as yet been formaly ratified, preparations for txpenditure on a large scale have been authorized by the Secretary of State for t.he Tar Department in celebxation of e above 9eve;t."
COURT OF ALDERMEIV. ThE CORPC1RATvON IflRPFOR1 .tRT.L M1tS WOODTI1sor read a letter froma the Corporation of York, requesting to be informed what course the Corporation of London meant to adopt as regarded ohe proclamation of peace. Alderman CoPraa?ND made a fm- eabservations on the peace itself. He could not help ssykug that the public regarded the peace with grenii apatUsy; !hat there appeared to him to be no foundatioxn at all fot rejoicing or congratulation; and that the Govqarnteset ottuld not be likely to add to its popularity by ,xmcitring %pense upon an occasiet which presented no Frrikiingpduts for admiration. Sir P. LAURIE was qpnito -stisfied with the peace, tul hailed it as tho greatest -f blessings. He partlarly thanked Napolecna for ha'.-Ag given the world thut oace -by Ute vigour and skill -of Iis interposition. (Hear, iver.r) There appeAred to ;be u-Tiisposition in the Cozrt to antitiyate the c(,nditb*n5 of 'tne peace, and sever7al embers -*%rted up to give 'otteranwe to their sentiments; but The LoP.nD MIMort intitnated that he thote.i-t there ¢could be no wisdom in talking upon such a sub-jet-on thenmce prosecation conataiued in a letter respectfully npplying for information as to tlhe course likely to be ptTsued 'by the London iusylrti-.y. He could not butsay that a nohsnge from a state of 'var to a state of peace was cuso, enid great cause, for-rejoioing. (lear, hear.) The letter 'ows ordered to be laid before tlhc 'Court oi Conmon Cmindl 'The following address, prepared by the comniittee of the wvhole Cos%rt'of Aldernen, was approved and referred back tothe connittee, to be printed and sent to -eahrhnember of both Housae'of Parliament:- " We obsrve with deep concern that Her Majesty's MiInisters in the House of Comnnons have deemed it becoming their hi,h station to constitute themselves at once accusers, witnesses, -anid judges in the cte of the Corporation of LondCZ, ad -bo bring in a bill of pains and penalties against this ancient institution under the guise of a bill for its better regdlation. " We 'have reprinted from thle newvspapers, and extensively cilrculated, a copy of Sir George Gney's speech as the exponent of the bill, .and for facility of referenuce and comment 'we hare numbered in succession 'each respective para. "As, however, the following observations may fall inte the bands of some who have not read the original speech, eitherin the newspapers orthe reprinit, we think it necessary to set oat in extemso Sir George Grey's inttroductory observations, in order that whatffollows may be more perfectly understood. J Here follows the first part of Sir George Grey's speech.) " In the foregoing quotation we find Sir G. Grey and his colleagues extolling the public spirit of the corporation, adnmring their candour, admitting their integrity, and eulogizing the popularity of their civic institutions, while, by a strange perversion of justice, he makes his own speech and the report of two of his colleagues the foundation of a bill of painis and penalties to strip the sane corporation of their honours, to despoil them of their revenues, and to subject to a process of change all their municipal institutions W With us-tle Aldermen of London-the bill proposes to deal with equal injustice, and with an inconsistency still snore manifest, for it proposes not only our entire annihilation as an integral part of the corporation, but it'degrades us personally from the office to which our fellow-citizens have raised us; it denudes us of the functions of judges in the Central Criminal Court, and of magistrates on the bench, although the report of the commnissioners (whatever sisay have been its injustice in other respects) proposed to leave the functions of the magistracy in our hands, assigning the following reasons for their determination:-The city of London has for many centuries elected its own magistrates, and of late years, at least, this privilege appears to have been well used. The present judicial officers are spoken of by every one who has given evidence upon the subject in the highest and most respectful terus. It does not appear to us, therefore, that there is any ground for suggesting that an important privilege justly and highly prized by the citizens of London should be taken from them, and vested according to the precedent of other boroughs in the Crown. "Riegarding Sir George Grey and his colleagues as statesmen and gentlemen, it is impossible to doubt their belief in the opinions to which they have given expression. It would, therefore, only remain to us to accept them as facts, and appeal against the decision to which this bill conducts them. But if it were possible to believe that these statements are mere words of courtesy, or intended, like praise undeserved, as satire in disguise, we will humbly and respectfully, but confidently, appeal to the House of Commons to be heard by ourselves, our witnesses, and counsel, not only to establish the truth of the statements quoted, but to prove that the bill in some of its more important provisions is at variance with the report of one or both commissions, and that, as well in principle as in detail, it is utterly incapable of being supported against the overwhelming balance of respectable testimony that was adduced before them in favour 'ef the corporation. "It would avail us little to question in 1I56 the legality of a commission to which, in despite of the highest legal opinions, the corporation yielded cheerful submission in 1834. But the corporation at that time regarded the commission as the initiative only of legal or legislative action within the constitutional limits of their respective functions. Had the Court of Common Council known that the commissioners' report was to be used as an instrument ol aecusation upon wli?ch a bill of pains and penalties might be founded, conscious of their integrity, the corporation might have submitted themselves, their officers, and their affairs to inquiry in the spirit of openness and candour foi which the commissioners give them credit; but it would hardly have been without a protest strong as that which we now present a,gainst the unconstitutional purposes to which it is being applied. "The commissionersuponwhosereportthis bill professeE to be founded were vanting in most of the essential incidents of a court of justice, in whose decision the people of England are wont to place implicit trust. CommiSSioners thus appointed are not independent of the Crown, from whom they receive their first appointment, and look, and rarely look in vain, for future advancement- if they execute their powers satisfactorily to those whoappoint them. Commissionersthusappointedbavenocompetentpowerstoenforce the production of witnesses or documents. ~Accused parties, w hether corporators or individuals, are deprived of the right oF examining or cross-exanmining witnesses by themselves or counsel, a right pertaining> to the humblest individual in the lowest court of justice in which his liberty, his property, or his character can be assailed. And even an oath, the sanction of all evidence, properly so cailed, is n the case of commissioners a legal sham; it is arrayed in all the external formalities of the seal of truth without entailing upon those who abuse the penalty which attaches to a false oath taken in the humblest of our legal courts. "It pleased Her Majesty to issue a commission of inquiry into the alleged gross mismanagement in the Crimea. The report was laid before Parliament, and the Ministers accorded to the commissioners their approval and their thanks. That commission is now itself upon its triaL If the two commnissioners who made that report had themselves become Ministers of the Crown, and if they had induced their colleagues upon the statements contained in their report to strip the parties whose conduct was impugned both of their honours and their emoluments by means of a bill of pains and penalties, instead of trying them by a courtmartial or a court of military inquiry-if such had been their course of proceeding, there would then have been on the records of Parliament a case parallel to that which the Corporation Bill raises-a case which we venture to say is now without precedent in its annals. "In offering to public consideration the following observations upon the bill brought in by Sir George Grey, we desire to be understood as objecting to tUe principle upon which it is foumded, and also to the foregone conclusion 'with which it has been introduced to the House of Commons. Bearing these observations in mind, it will not be necessary for us to record at any great length our particular objections to its various provisionis. "We wish it also to be understood, that in this document we speak alone on our own behalf. T'he Court of Common Council, of which we are but a constituent element, consists of a body of independent Englishmen, identified, as the commissioners say they are, in interest, and representing, as the commissioners say they do, the-general opinions and feelings of the municipal comnsunity. 'Under these circumstances the members of the Court, whether aldermen or commoners, rmturally reflect with greater or less intensity any variety of se3'timent entertained by those we represent; hence diffarencks of opinion upon many of the minor details of the bill naturally exist among us, but upon the broad greunds of objection to the principles upon which our opposition,is founded we believe there is scarcely a dissentient volce. "ltr;s experience proves, within the narrow circles of dome6ic life strong differences of o*inion will sometimes intrude,jit need not excite surprise that simrilar differences exist amiong a municipal community composed of over 200 ruembezs. "' The gererning institutions of the city, consisting of Lo rd Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, has been considered the maiintue resemblance of the British constitution ; being mnore ancient,it has been treated bv some as thepattern by w .-hich tat.nmaHe constitution was fmed. Th aldermen hold tl'wir office for life (subject to removal in case of misfortune, mnsisend-et, or absence of duty), and are therefore sometim es oansmItred by the periodically elected %aembers of the Co urt as t4s more conservative element of the entire 'body. This u nay1psibly be the case; but it mnst be recol- lected that' -ift tc 26 members of tie Court ofAldki-men 18 of them b 'Ave,gt.-,!ated to their present station by' wing fist filled the ithice,ec common councisnen, deputies, or sheriffs, to uln 'ie they t'ad been elected t1 the voice of iair fellow-citizens "We believe 0'at in substantial diferegnce of opiMiael subsists between tL e ,Xssiics members of our corporate indcitutions. We all pr% ess.;-nd truly profess, to be actuated by the same desire 2We cish to maintain, in fact, the ancient constitution of'EtWseity in form and substance. We are desirous to see the iAich constitution prezerved in all its integrity. We are 5ci:icss to concur in AU needful changes, which the chanrge.t f tfmes and circunstauces have rendered necessary, in order't4lnt we may at least keep pace if we cannot place on_rselv6¶k* : the van of all sfe and useful reforms. "We point with pride and ketisfaction to the statement prepared by the corporationt "j read by Mr. Reorder before the last commission, to prove thlat at least the p.esent generation of corporators have ^ 'y-ed out measures Gf econoamy, retrenchment, and reform Lu £11 our institutions to an extent which we believe no other'pilic body of its own mere motion has ever attempted. " The document we refer to shows how, by integrity and the prudent management of our affairs the Dresent generation have raised the corporation from a state of debt and difficulty to a condition of independence, audhave husbanded the means of discharging the duties of becoming horpitality 4APT strictly obser ving the wOeiglSter matters of t1 law, justice, and mercy evinced by them in the expenditure of many hundreds of thousands of pounds in constructing noble streets and markets for the public accommodation, in establiahing an efficient administration of iustice for the city and subulrbs, and in providing a prison. blulding and - )iaon management of a style and characte r which drcw foi the praises of the Government inspen'tor and mrc, eohdc by the commissioners' report. " When *he Corporation of London laid befoztk,e commissionots -the accounts of their revenue, aud-exwised their title deeds; when they spoke of the reforms they had efected by which they had increased their tevenue, esta. blishlth'neir credit, and were enabled to borrMw hundreds of thousvmds of pounds for public improvessets upon terms lowear than some of the Goverument .4c,artmenta could effedf the same operation for the same ebjects, it wasnot done in the spirit of vain glory, but with feelings of honest p3ide and generous confidence. They believed that property wPas property, and would, under all circumstances, receive fie protection of the law; they little expected to see from the pen of British statesmen a report applying laws of ",neum. Iand fiuum' to a corporation different from thosewhich, atleast at present, prevail in regard to private individuals. They did not expect to find commissioners reporting to the Crown that they had balanced the pecuniary revenues and requirements of the corporation by the fanciful standard of their own imagination. They did not expect the Crov.n commissioners would propose to despoil the corporation of half their revenues, and leave them encumbered with all their debts, merely because in their judminent, as expressed in one of the concluding sentences of t'heir report, ' the corporation voill continue, under an amended system, to possess abundant means not only for purposes of public usefulness, but also for the exercise of decent hospitality and splendour.' " As we havealready remarked, we do not mean to descend into the minute details of the bill to furnish subjects of observation; we shall confine ourselves to some of its broader features. "1 Of the Central Criiminal Court, as long as there has been a court of criminal jurisdiction for the city of London, the county of Middlesex, and the jurisdiction of the Admiralty on the high seas, the Lord Mayor, as chief magistrate of the chief city in the empire, has been at the head of the commission, the aldermen and the judges appointed by the coporation have been also members of the body, and the sheriffs have had the government of the prisons and the courts. "I When Lord Grey's Government cameinto power, and Lord Brougham, as Chancellor, was charged vith the duty of effecting such changes in our criminal and civil courts as the new Government miight deem necessary, his Lordshi proposed to the corporation that an act should be prepared to extend the jurisdiction so as to include not only the city and the whole of the county of Miiddlesex, but likewise the populous parts of Kent, Essex. and Surrey, comprising altogether a population of 2,000,000 of persons ; the corporation consented, and the following is the account of the transaction as given by Lord Brougham in the House of Lords:- " ' I ouglht to add thaf once more I must express the high satisfaction which I feel at the liberal assistance which the great body of the city of London have given to the important provisions of this measure. They have supported it, I believe I may say, unanimously, and they have most munificently provided for a very considerable additional charge which this bill will be the means of throwing upon them. When I state that the office of sheriff, in consequence of the provisions of the bill, w ill cost the individual who fillsit no less than 1,0001. a-year ; and when it is considered that that office is not a voluntary one, but one which al attached to the corporation of the city of London are liable to fill, I think your Lordships will agree with me that the conduct of the sheriffs and of the corporation has been most handsome, most liberal, most noble. They have cheerfuUy agreed to endure the whole of the additional expense without asldng for any compensation. They believed that the measure would prove a public boon, and therefore, casting aside all personal and individual consideration, they give it their liberal and generous support.' "W We need add only two or three observations to the foregoing facts. The Central Criminal Court has since been in activity for upwards of 20 years. Lord Brougham's act has been only altered for the purpose of extending its jurisdiction. It has been in all its operations entirely successful; the number of courts has been increased to three, and the number of sessions to 12 since the passing of the act. Tho Lord Mayor always opens the sessions, the sheriffs are always in attendance, and some of the aldermen always sit with Her Majesty's judges, with the Recorder, Common Serje<ant, or Judge of the Sheriff's Court, who are acting commissioners. The corporation and the sheriffs have cheerfully borne the additional expense which the act has cast upon them, and although we, as aldermen, do not interfere in the actual trial of offenders, we have received the satisfactory assurances of several of Her Majesty's judges, as well as the other commissioners, that in matters affecting commercial affairs and the everyday transactions of common life they have, in answer to their own inquiries, received information from members of our body which have proved highly serviceable, particularly in the adaptation of the sentences of prisoners to the offences of which they have been found gmlty. "W We consider, moreover, that the honour we derive from being associated -with Her Majesty's judges in the commission is not wholly devoid of useful purposes; we observe how justice is administered in the highest criminal court in the land; and by seeing the separate functions of judge and jury constantly combined in one harmonious action we are enabled to discharge our duties as magistrates in the police. offlces in a manner which, according to returns l.repared by the officer of the court, prove that our commitments may in their results be fairly compared with the comnietals of the able police mag,istrates of the metropolitan districts, who, although possessing higher legal attairnents thanwe can boast of, do not enjoy the sameopportunities of improving their judicial experience whicE ourposition affords us. " There has not been a single complaint, as far as we knowv, of any inconvenience arising from the provisions of the act since it was passed. As we are placed in the commission for the Central Criminal Court as it now exists by the provisions of an act of Parliament, if the Lord Mayor and the aldermen had misconducted themselves to the detriment or disgrace of nublic justice, another act of Parliament could of course remisn. them ; but as a contract has two parties to it, and as it is no less a contract because it is ratified by an act of Parliquient, it might be iniagined that even on the supposition here suggested the Lord Mayor and aldermen would not be ousted from their position witlhout sonie arrangements being niade with the corporation and the sheriff to relieve them of part of the burden which it was the effect of the coatract to cast upon them. But, although not only has no suggestion been breathed to the disadvantage of the aldermen, but, as we have already observed, the report of the commissioners speaks of their conduct as judicial officers in terms of coimiiiendation, yet the present bill proposes to depose the aldermen from their honourable station without msaldug any arrangements for lightening the burdens of the corporation and all future sheriffs, and without considering for a moment the position of existing aldermen, all of whom, with two exceptions, have already, as sheriffs, fulfilled the duties and incurredthe exenses cast upon them by the act, which were so grate- and gracefully referred to by Lord Brougham. "It has been said that the position of the Lord Mayor and his brethren in the Central Criminal Court can be considered at best as only profitless honour, and that therefore no wrong is done them by their removal. W"e think we have shown-and if we were at liberty to mention facts and names in corroboration of our statement, it would be more forcibly shown-that the position we occupy has its uses as well as its honours ; but even if it were otherwise we contend that that fact itself would not warrrant our degredation. Sordid, indeed, must be the heart that sees no benefit in honours because they are profitless, or that would assess the value of honoraly distinctions by a cold utilitarian test. It would be difficult by such a test to find the charm of the blue or red riband that decorates the statesman's or the soldier's breast. Yet we believe there are men who would rather part with the apple of their eye than allow to be wrested from them this coveted distinction. " The greater portion of the aldermen of London are likewise magistrates of one or more counties ini England. In consequence of the reduction of the number of aldermen and the breaking up of the ancient boundaries of the wards, as proposed by the bill, ten at least of the aldermen will of course, be displaced, and they cannot fail to be regarded as degraded to somne extent by their country brethren. Those who may be re-elected will be nearly in the same condition, for, while in the capacity of county muagistrates they hold their office for life, the law will disparage them as aldermen by declaring them unfit to be intrusted with the magistracy, except for a term of years. "THE FOUr.PE,Ny COAL DUES.-The confiscation of this portion of the corporate property, without compensation and without compromise, is unconstitutional, unprecedented, and unjust. The corporation hold the property by a combination of the best of titles, either of which ought to be sufficient for its protection. The corporation is entitled, by purchase; by prescri.tion, by judgment of law, by charter, and by act of Parliament. The fee of 4d. per chaldron over and above the cost of actual metage was one of the petty customs of the Crown, which at the earliestperiodof our historyformed part of its hereditary revenues, and was purchased from the own by the corporation. It is diffilcult through the veil of five or six centuries to define with accuracy which particular payments made by the corporation, or which particular burdens they took upon themselves, can be specifically attributed to the purchase of these particular duos; but the fact of the purehase and possession before the time of legal memory was established in a trial of law between the corporation and King James L, in which the corporation obtained a judgment against the Crown vindicating their right, and King James granted the city a charter according to tfie practice of the times, acknowledging the fact, and binding himself and his successors not again to interfere with the city's rights. The right of the Crown in ancient times to possess these revenues, or to sel them, and to confer all the rights of property upon the pur chasers, w.s and is as well recognized as any other rghts by which property is held and enjoyed. The Richmond shilling, as it was called, which was a duty of ls. per Newcastl, chaidron upen all coals shipped from the Tyne to th Thames and other ports, was a duty of this description, and so was the Ihke of Grafto's prisage of wines brought into the port. The right of our own corporation to package and scavage of Lord Gwyders dues from mooring claims in the 'WTames were rights of the same description. When the cq3umercial policy of this conntry was changedit became &dEfble to abolish these charges; this was accordmgly . ecomnashed by va=nus acts rof Parliament, but they were ll either 1sbight in by previous treaties of compramiso or compqsition between the Crown and the- hl iers - of the rights, or else clauses wer: ihitib&dceG nto the variour acts giving the owners flll com. pensationoeaherin the shape of ample cash payments orper. petual annuiUies calculated upon the past receipts oni anii average of yeaga, and charged upon the consolidated fand. The Crown,- Yi's4is municipal and charitable corporations, ,coblemen and pzlrate persons, liave all been largely connpe,sated during the Jast few years for properties of this natiye, of which publio policy has required the surrender. Thar4 are man undrea&S of tolls and dues of the same I charac4rnow in the handsoithe corporations orindividuals, and it j4 remarkable that in the Municipal Reform Act;, which is otentatiously referred to in the pre4mble to the present bill, as if it formed a precedeint for thie enactments IN4 'QIWWS tbq "i RsCtioU e3ptC613r fleclAr tbhi PZ th Erorbrtess es,tates, and revehUes of the corporations affected byr th act hal be preserred inviolate. "The produce of the coal dues it is true, has grown in amount to a sum which would have baffled all calculation in former times, but the mere increase in value of a property fairlypurchasedandhonestly possed affords no pretext for its confiscation. The extraordinary increase of the coal dues in amount obviouly results from the extraordinary multiplication of the metropoliteapopulation. If the increase ofthiszevenue arising from this cause would afford any justification for abolishing it or directing it into other channels, it would require a very little extension of the same principle to bring it to hear upon many other lirge incomes which have accumulated from the same causes during the last few years. The leading differences betwreen the Corporation of London, as the possessors of these dues, and the distinguished indi iduals referred to as having parted with their rights by compromise and compensation, may be thus stated :-Private individuals obtained them for private considerations, and applied them as they apply the commuted sums to their own private use. The corporation purchased and paid for their rights, and now apply them to nublic useful purposes, of which the most conspicuous is the erection of new streets, for the benefit not of the *itisens alone, but of the whole metropolitan public, vwo use them as freely and as fiequently as the citizens themselves. " The coal dues, the anetage dues, and other matters of a pecuniary character affected by the bill might properly ha made the subject of fair negotiation and settlement; but we are advised by our officers that, besides direct terms of compensation and compromise, all the provisions for the adjustment ofi subsidiary details would require long a;nd careful consideration, or we should be plunged into endless litigation; the street tolls have been voluntarily abolished by the corporation, and so have the restrictions upon the right of trading without being free; we are in perfect accord with our brethren in the CourtofCommonCouncilinallthese questions, as we are inmost of those-which propose to effect needful reforms in our corporate institutions; there are other subjects treated of in this bllU on which, as wehave before remarked, differences do prevail, but we are of opinion that they will be met with an amicable feeling on all sides, and may be made the subject of mutualconcession and compromise, wlhich, as was said by a distinguished statesman, forms the basis of all our most valued institutions." The report contained a long statement respecting the conservancy, the cattle-market, and some other matters of little public interest, and concluded with the following paragraphs: arWVe have qnoted from the commissioners' report an observation to the effect that the corporation will be left with 'abundant means not only for purposes of public use| fulness, but for the exercise of decent hospitality and splendour.' This expression, which is somewhat equivocal, requires an additional commeRt to that which we have already bestowed upon it. Estates and property have been left to the corporation by aldermen and others in ancient times, for the express purpose of providing for our public banquets. A ifierence of taste may apply diferent meanings to theexpression used by the commissioners. One thing is certain, if this bil should pass (without making a heavy county-rate upon the citizens, from which they are siow exempt), there will be no surplus over indispensable expenditure for either purposes of public usefulness 'or decent hospitality and splendour.' "Common-halls are to be annihilated by the bill; the Common Council of this great metropolitan city is to be drafted dowri to the dimensions of a country corporation, and the Mansion-house and Guildhall banquets must have an end. It has been the proud boast of the citizens that these entertainments have been always considered | as neutral ground, in which, whatever has been the party m power, the courtesies of genuine hospitality have Ibeen extended to all, and the free expression of < pimon has been held sacred. Although it is une oubtedly true that for at least many years a strong preI onderance of public feeling, both in the livery and m the Common Council, has existed in favour of the men and measures now represented by Sir George Grey and his colleagues in the councils of their Sovereign, it can hardly be forgotten by that party how much they have owed in past times to the corporation they are now assailing. The election of areform LordMayorinCommon-hallunderourpopularconstitutionwas one of the safety valves by which public excitement20 years ago wasallowed to escape, at a time when another ancient city, under the cold shadow of a close co ration, was laid in ashes by a lawless mob. Common-h somjmon Councils,ward meetings, reform banquets,andadresses to the Throne, were some of the means by which the party then standing at the foot of ambition's ladder were enabled to mount its sutmmtit. The Court of Aldermen, as it is well known, is not a political institution, and is comnrised of men of all parties and opinions. We have, therefore, perhaps, less claims on party attention, but if the privileges of the more popular branch of the corporate conjstitution, the livery in Common-hall, arc to be abolished, as well as our own, they may indeed feel surprised that the act : of destruction emanates from their former friends, and that the arrow by which they fall is sped by a feather from their i vn pinion." (Cheers.)
THE CORN TRADE. LEEDS. Ai'irL 22. We have a fair demand for good wheat at the Prioes of this day sennight. Fine barley maintains its value, but inferior quabties are diulicult to quit. Oats and beans each rather lower. AUMIVAI HflCE TII DAV Wv LIVERPOOL, APRIL 22. The arrivals rince Tuesday from Ireland and coastuise were liberal of oats and oatmeal, but lght of other articles. From foreign ports there have been reported 8,299 quartera wheat. 2,151 quarters beans, 2,956 quarterE Indian corn, 1,298 sacks and 576 barrels flour. The exPorte comprise 1,130 quarters wheat, 11,700 quarters Indiau corn, 1,368 sacks and 1,956 barrels flour. The trade during the week has been 'miet for wheat, and in the limited busines, done buyers bave had a slight advantage in price. Flour of good quality has been in fair request, and for such ful prices are obtainable; inferior quLalities, however, are quite neglected, although freely offered at late rates. Indiani corn has been in good demand at an improvement of 6d per quarter; business has, however, been in some measure restricted by the Ecarcity of really good samples A large quantity is going into the interior of this country for feeding purposes. At to-day's market there was a fair attendance of town dealers, but fewmillersirom the country. Wheat met with an improveddemand, and a moderate business was done at the fuU prices of Friday, but rather under the rates current on Tuesday last. Flour was in good request at 6d. per barrel and sack advance on the low sales effected duriw' the week. Oats must be quoted id. per 45tb. lower. but prime oatmeal supported lastwceelespricea Beansratherdearer, and barley aufipeas without change. Indianceruwasin good requestat an improvementofl, to ls. 6d, per quarter, priniemixedandyeliow realizing s. 6d.t 30s., and wbitec from 23s. to les. Per 4SOlb. We quote red Amerirauwbeat from 9ts. to 9. 3d,; wvhite, from 3Os. tolls. 3Ld Sib. WYestern Canal flour, from 285. to 32a. Baltimaore and Phlladelp?hia, 32s. 6d. to 34s.; and Ohio, from 35s. to 365. per barrel.
RESrPIT OF TE CoVIcTs TNDER SENTENC. OF DEATHI IN NEWGATE.-Yesterday afternoon the Sheriffs received information from the Secretary of State for the Home Department that Her Majesty had been graciously pleased to grant a respite during Royal plea;ure to the two wretched women Mary Ann Harris and Celestina Sommer, who were both found guilty-one for wi'fully murdering two of her ilegitimate children near Uxbridge, bydrowningthem, and the otherfor kIlling herown daughter in the parish of Ishngton. Itis stated that a great number Of petitons have been sent to the Queen, praying for a commutation of the sentence of death, which induced the Sovereign to respite these two most guilty women. MIETROPOLITAN' RATE FOR 3IIASTEA-HExaT.- As stated in 27e Tinus of yesterday, at a meeting of the inhabitants of St. John's Wood, the expediency of having a metropolitan rate to secure Hampstead-heath for the public was discussed, and, since then, another meeting has been held at Camden-town on the subject of preserving the heath for the public, and other meetings are to follow, so that the question of "compromise" with Sir Thomas 3M. Wilson is likely to be considered. Bv one of the clauses in the Metropolis Local Management Act, "open spaces" are to be purchased when necessary by the 3Metropolitan Board, and it has been stated that the pro: -vision had direct reference to Hampstead-heath. In the Hain-ptead memorial the sum of 100,0001. was mentioned Which would require a rate of 2d. in the pound, and the question raised is whether the other metropolitan parishes would contribnte towards securing the heath ior the public generaDy. Sir Thomas hL. Wilson's bill in the Cnommons has beeif postponed, and in the interval meeting will be held to ascertain the feelin" of the metro tan parishes on this subject. Eitherto the meetings have been confined to the adjoining distric!s of the heath, butit hSas been urged that the metropolis generally is concerned in preventin the enclosure of the place; and further it hae been uxed tat the expense of a '-coinpromise" should not fall on one or two parishes, but that a metropolitan rate should be made to. obtain the boon now asked for the benefit of the pnblicg6nerally. CRYSTAL PALACE.-ON%E Sinmns DAY.-Tues. day, April'22.-Admissions on paymer$ 2,212; ditto by segeon tiQlicV, 445; total visitors, 2,657.
--- RAILWAY-INTELLIGENC - WVsRT PTiANlMRR The report of the directors of this company states that {hey are now enabled to -announce the entIre completion of this railway and its branches, and to congratulate the Proprietors that this has beeti accomplished within the tune granted by the Government, and considerably -within the estimated expense. The receipts' of -the line for the halfyear ending the 31st of December amount to 18,28., the expenditure during the sme period to 1A,0371., being an average cost of 2131. per mile or the half-year, and leaving a balance of 4,2501., which sum, added to the balance of the receding half-year, and sundry items carried to profit and oss, leaves a divisible profit of 4.2801., which will enable the directors to declare a dividend of 3s. per share, and leave a balance of 266!. It is proposed to pay the dividend on the 15th of 31ay next. The directors have applied the interest on the preference shares issued and repurchased in redeeming some of the shares of the company. The number now registered in the names of the trustees is 170 original shares. 540 preferenoe shares; a further addition vill be made as opportunity occurs. The directors have accepted an offer made to them by the St. Leonard Company to furnish four engines before the 15th of October next, and to be paid for by annual instalments. It is calculated by the engineer that the savig in fuel, grease, and oil by employing these engines instead of the company's powerful engines for light trains wil be equal to such instalmuents¢. The report of hfr. Chiantrell, the mnanagnng director in Belgium, states that the receipts for the last SLx months of 1855 show only an increase of 14, 927f. (5971.) uon the corresponding period of the PreviOUs yearfortheold line. The total receipts on that line from Bruges to Courtrai were 278,358f. (11,1341.), and from CourtraitoPoperinghe andIngelmeinster toThielt 178,S41f. (7,1531.) The yearlvreceipts on-the oldline from Brngesto Courtrai were, for 1S4S, 293,857f. - for 1849, 334,607f. ; for 1850, 402,556f. ; for 1851, 356,024f.; for 1852, 395,S56f.£ for 1853, 429,3Slf.; for ' 1854 478,241f.; and for 1855, 527,15Sf., showing that the receipts, which in the faist year after opening to Courtrai in 1848 amounted only to 11,7501 sterliug, have nearly doubled in seven years, giving for 1855 21,080!. sterling. The recaipts on the new lines for 1855 amounted to 334,513f. and the expenses to 266,5S4f., leaving 67,929f. (2,7171.) as the net produce. The proportiori of the Government guarantee of 400,000f. (10,000!. sterling) attributable to the portions of the lines work-ed is 315,971f. (12,6391.), and deducting the net prroduce 67,929f., leaves 248,02r. (9,9211.) the suU1 dueby the Covernment. From this is deducted 120,000f. (4,8001.), received on the 21st of December on accountof the first half-year, leaving 128,0411f. (5,1211.) due by the Government for 1855. The whole of the lines are in excellent working order. The section from Thielt to Deynze has now been worked for upwards of three months, and the iron swing bridge over the Lys on this section has worked admirably. The electric telegraph has been placed over the whole of the lines at a cost of about 151. per mile, and the working expenses are trifling. The cost of the new lines vill be considerably within the original estimate; and before the next meeting the capital account will be closed. The construction account shows that 603,9121. had been received, and 594,7261. expended, leaving a balance of 9,186!. Thereserve fund amounts to 5,9261. PERNAMBUCO. The first general meeting of this company was held yesterday at the London Tavern, Mr. I. Benson in the chair. The report stated that the board expect soon to hear that the works are in active operation. In all the contracts which have been entered into on behalf of the company it is provided that the liability of each shareholder shall be limited to the amoint of his shares. The capital account showed that 151,931!. had been received, and 37,0291. expended, leaving a balance of 114,9021. The C11AMA'AiN, in moving the adoption of the report, explained that great care had been taken to ascertain the sufficiency of the estimates of the cost of the railway. The works were comparatively light, the earthworks would not exceed 22,000 cabic yards per mile, there would be no viaducts, and only one tunnel about one quarter of a mile in length. He had no estimate of the traffic to submit; but there could be no doubt they would have sufficient to pay a good dividend. The navigation was difficult in the lower part of the river towards the sea, but in the upper levels the water communication was extensive and excellent. The railway would complete the communication from the port of Recife to the navigable part of the river, andthere would be a large traffic upon the line. They had a guarantee of 7 per cent, on the estimated outlay from the Brazilian authorities, of the value of which there could be no doubt. The undertaking was looked upon with great favour in the district through which the railway was Intended to pass. (Hear, hear.) In reply to questions, it was stated that the line could be completed in about 2J years, hut the contractors were allowed four years. Resolutions were passed adopting the report, electing the provisional, committee directors of the company, and appointing MIr. Smith and Dr. Longstaff auditors of the company. The remuneration of the directors was fixed by the statntes at 2,0001. a-year until the opening of the line. The meeting fixed the remuneration of the auditors at 25 guineas each per annum A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. MONS AND MANAGE. The revenue account of this company for the half-year ending the 31st of December last, amounted to 579,401i. (23,176!.), and the expenses to 264$616f. (10,584!)., leaving the net revenue 314,785f. (12,591!.), which, addedto 2,0991., the balance from last account, makes a total of 15,2901. From this is deducted 2,6591., applicable to dividend, at2s. per share, as per resolation at Brussels 7th of August last, 1,1451. expenses of management in London and Belgium, and 5,8771. interest at 6 per cent. on preference shares, leaving an available surplus of 5,6091. REPORTS OF COM IEES ON RAILWAY BILIS. EASTEMN UNIONT. The Earl of MxxCH reported from the committee on this bill that, bv the EPstern Union Railway Arrangements Act, 1852, section 6, the company are authorized to create certain new shares, amounting to 77,825!., for the purpose of paying off claims on them, and they were authorized to attach to those shares a preference dividend of 4 per cent., that dividend rankdng after the dividend on the creditors' stock created by the same act. It was proved to the comuttee that the company have been unable to raise any part of the 77,825a., that the whole of that amount is due from the company for the land occupied by their railway aud works, and that the amount has been since increased by costs. The bill therefore authorizes the raising a sum of 83,S0l. by morteage instead of the said new shares; but it presribes tanhat sin more shall be so raised than is required by the company to discharge the claims on them for land and in^idental thereto; and that no part of the money to be so raised shall be applied by the company for any other purposes. This mortgage debt of S3,300!. will thus takeprecedence of the "creitors' stock," which heretofore ranked before the "onew shares;" ut the committee were of opinion that as the claims for land practicaly override and can be enforced adversely to all other claims upon the company, this is a case n' -which the 138th snd 139th standing orders ought not to be enforced, as the petitioners, who represent more than nine-tenths of the creditors' stock, concur in the bill It seemed to the committee that the 250,000! of creditors' stock might be properly deemed capital, althoughereated for the dischare of debts, iasmuch as the debts themslve5were created prmncipally for the construction Of tehe line; adding this sum of 250,0001., to the share capital of the company, there wil not be an excess of borroeing powers. Anothertobjectofthebillis to enable the company to attach a dividend of 5 per cent., instead of a dividend of 4 per cent., to certain preference shares authorized by the act 1re3 to be created for the purpose of paying off preference shares which bythat actthe company were require d to reeemdata fxe period. This additional dividend does not affect any existing priority, and the committee were satisfed of the necessity of granting to the company the powers sought by them. Amendments havig been made in the bil satisfactory to the petitiones against it, the committee found the allegations of the bil to be true. ULESTER. Lord HaIraeR VANE reported from the committee onthis bil that the objects of it were to enable the company te subscribe towards and work the undertaking of the P?ortadown and Dungannon Railway Company. The committee had examned the allegations contained in the preamble of the bill, and hd amended the same by striking out the paograph which related to the completion of the ortadown and DUngaNon Railwray by the -Ulster Railway Company in the event of default being made by the Portado2n and Dungannon Railw ay Company in that behalf, the portion of the bill to which that parag,raph related having been abandoned, and bad found the same as amended to be true. RAILWAY BILLnS IN PARIhA2}lENT. The Parliamentary estimates for the construction of new works in connexion with the followring railways are as follows: SW,vASsrA VALE.-For new extensions and branches, SEVERN VAI.LEv.-For deviati.ons and abandonment of portions of line, 114,000!. LYMINGTON..-For construction of railway and landingplace, 20,462!. LL TLOEs AND \'EWTOWN.-For alteration of line, extension to the canal in Newtown, and purchase of additional lands, 26,000!. niNOSssE!IRE-For a railway from the Dunferrmline branch of the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dnndee to Kinross, with branches tolRoscobie and Hill of Beath 3Iineral Field, 50,000!. LOxESTO-r A-'D BECCLES.-For construction of line, 77.'550!. FOREST OF DEPAN CENTl.-For a railway from the South Wales, near Brimspill, to Howvbeach Valley. in the Forest of Dean, with branches, 65,000!. TRAFI RETURNS. Milee Ia- IMer- Total, Total, Rai-wa3. open. *engem. chandise. lSS6. 1855 Week ending April 1QO £ £ A. laria Antonia ..i.. - .. _ _. _ .. 182 193 Week endinig April 19. Glasgow and South-Westen - . - .. - .. 5,740 .. 5,170 Week- ending April 20. Kenda and Windermee . . . - . .- 1.8 North London .. .. S .. - .. - .. U132.. 2,182 The foUlowing are the last returns of- the gross receipts of the rpnempal French railways from the 1st to the 7th of Ari Te
SALES BY AUCTIO.'Z To Drapere, ilaoiers, Mzhiprer,, and otts.4 DROWN and SON *Wl -SELL bY AUCT1ON, et. B Rt4heir Roomp. 25. Fore-street, city, Oa Tlinntlav May 1. th, TOcK ot Mr. Si. Worthi, Canterbury, conzising of a iioe quantity of goods. -t; RF Two seof erc mioe-band Funitur. AIU ENR FOTRWill SELLb UTo" ,T.athis Roorms, 410 xodsre,na Sobosur,T-o-w at 12,the gfonuine CNET fTOHUES e,v frcn veniencs sle R SlAt.G M iebne, ZoIslinUtn R.n-tYOUNG wilM SELL Ay CO at IVN lMart, on Wednesday , clay 14,in lots. TWO mg, HQUSI25, in Upper d ierrerton-stree!, Ckledonlian-road; ,al;sTr catalr ste denes, Maalborough-roacl, a eeidmm and Threenotil Propertiram Fituate in Ricnmond-street, Edgeware let toenants. a- Etirutas will be 0hortly ready for. issue.- cicn ol 02, 1tce Chreh-street, *et EdEetWaRMOrad, To Tr,kunMaxufacturert , Furniture Dealer,er other P: b R. ELLIS ids directedf to SELL by AUCTIO N, a t i.U 116. 7ket-street, on- Priday,yApril 2n,at le. reewair,i.g S T CoomBpring wsterlxroof canva boxes,m capital sold leather teaus, fat buckets dress boxes,Bssels carpets bags, e - fe te farniturne.consistiue of Frenchi,-ent, aed otber bediteadp, leat r e end beddZiop.oubeand single chets of dra,ers ci e, el lases, pair odeardMtles printS, andotlererects. ay le, day preieous'and morning of sale. Q,talogues haa en the premises; 3andattheofficesoftheaotioner, 160, Iodinorles, eoy. ___,_______ *Matexialgot?rane House!, Grea~t.Portlana-streett, oR. GEORGE BERRY wal SELL bY AUCTIOZ Al on- the Pronrises TH l DAeY, April 3p, at1 for r1, the woale of the usedul MATERIAS in Nos A S. arid 4, tiding-houa lane, and Nos. itD 6, i3lton-buildings, comPrising tOut ra'ters, joists, tiles, lead gutters, doors. sass,partitions. abou:fCr0,C0bricls, paving, sten grating, stUone kof Mzeayifbe voeil the daYrtrOpsord Jond D ' * 'ale, an d onialognes h on the prering, and at the aceti s Hotoome-stret, Blgrav-erinare, Bit. Gt-orge's-squaire (doce to).- Su peri or genuin~e Ho-Tieh ol-dFurr njtnre Paintings, Chiua;-Glass, Bed ancl Table Linmn.r nnqfrectg, M MR- LRY _ WrEBBE is histru&ted bLy Mrs. : Mc?Kay to SELL by. IUCTION,ithout rerrve, on the Proe miresr 5, Lous-streets fit. e 'ores-squaxe3bi,ria, ntea Vaurbabl1. bridge, onTuesday, April29. at I2t UIINITRE COMprTising drawing roommsuite inroewood,clreiTonler, caibintts, r.ol,,e dsirnev-~glasou, dining and library tables, the usual apMdacs for blesot and fcopary bed rooms, Brussels and other carpets, kitchen and caUnary rEoit et and numerous effects. On view eay previousnai( and foring c,f s,e, Catalo gue on the premises r aLd at the auctionee's otices, Z LopioJ street. lielerae-road, and 141. Taelitrcok.etreett Pitinlo. - Valuable Churnh_ rze-ecment, in1l nofSSRS. BUTCHBRhmVe veeivec instimetions to J3LSIELL by -AFOION., at the RoylltsJ onth ORPttrd±ay Apri 26 ntZin he fternoon, the DOSOr u E ETtJA? RIGHT o PR~SETATIO7gof and to tbe RECTORtYoIBEESTON,. NBXT-SIILEHUM,rfodi, two inulLs from LiL"'lam, EeveinfromEAqt Derbao,anasaot =mie andla half fMomarailway estation,with agcc. recoryons tud ofics. arden, ileasure grosmnls, and 16s. I!r. fOp, ot gleb lad wnlgonsTereto,anda tithe-rentebargeof £SlO,per anuUm. The iaphatin of Beetonic btwee 60 and MD1. aind tbe. tresenit -incuments nwinhis72dyea. Pr ps-Ieulrs ndconditions of tial appl ta-Messrs. Ba-a adCoe,slctos r Mea Butche. land gents and auctoer.Nrih - Mr. Rocir,aoa.'s Rorst- ard'Carriago Repobtry. Little DAi~n M SRS. GADSDMIT, WIIN TERFLOOD, anct IIOLD'CONCEIt'N, in the city of LOLondo, was NlOT SOLDJ at the Auctioti,and tbat they .renow, ieeared to treat for th~ersae, -tbtes ,for Sale Pr Lettig, by nrmte VontuOct' The pccxien i oenralpsi iu tilon of the porQticty.. the-large area occupied, ard Ste valuable con-' nexionattache'd to it. alford to an enterprisi,ng indiid-ua, of moCenta Oppaocetanrtunity of realizing- a fornine whiltot to S as ~Mjtaugpecu itiosp tpre-eiiindently deaervinig attention. 3ay he viewed, andparticulars obtained onthe10premisesO ess-toirr and SoeT..ra r-ie t, eman-'square ; asse of 3fessrs. Gadedn, AitrSo nd Ellis, A5 Old Broad-strEet. :An-Im rla"to of beautiful - Workts r5 Art and X)eoumiloga flreA -Mi,rblea anid Brouzes, bindlardPnitux, andl eepstarit icellAnie "N . -PHILLIPS _is instructed to SELL by AUG.- T ON,-at-his great itooms, Xew-3ond-Etreet, ToniKhrOw April24. n4!d10lOw dayairemjansemag of bc&Eantf P_NA%MENTAL, PU UR, richbly inlald.in bni" Ar4 znarQueAterie work; oouqapiting costly cabinets, bonbeor flujour, comrrOdesand - tsbIea mouted2anthe rsibet tate,.nunerous fne "ijolsySs lnch,dutg ~ artists, -suites of elocls ami cafidehwwt *lrghlchaedadsitinOs-oui.xaeao Speradohr-Oclil seerl if-me goe o Brln ormashp icldig erabefn
