DEATHS. At tie Rtetreat, near 1)elormne. Tasmauia. agedl 43. James Winter, Esq.. youngest son of the late John Mico Winter, Esq., of Shenley, lHems. On the 8th ult., at Alexandria, Dore, wife of Menry Lockwood, Esq., aged 24. On the 26th ult.. at Akehead. Cunberland, John Rooke, Esq., in his 26th year. on Sunday. the 27thi ult., at Xenuington, soddenly, Mir. Henry Smith, formerly of 88, igh-street, Borough, in his 73d year. On Sunday. the 27th ult., at 4. St. S3viour'e-crescent, Jersey. aged 73, John Pryor Peregrine, M.D., late of HalflMoon-streat. London, moet sincerely and deservedly regretted by, a numerous circle of attached relatires and friends. On the 23th uilt., at the Yicarage. Basingwold, Yorkshire, the Rey. Samuel J. Allen. in the 58th year of his age. On the 29thL nit. at 3, Bacrington-road, Brixton, John D. W. Akers, Faq., aged 47, most deeply regretted by all who knew him. On the 29th nit., at St. Leonard's-en-Ses. after a. protcaeted Illness, Thomas Tindal, Esq., late of Lincoln'e-inn and of Surbiton, Suresy. On the 29th sult.. a& his residence. 28. Great Prescot-street, in the 8Sd year of bis age, Thomas Springfocd, Fsq. on the 29th WIt., at her residdence. 1, Lansdowne Cottages, Islingion, in the 70th Tear of her ace. Sophie, relict of the late Mir. James Ferman. 3tosford-hoese, flford, =ssex, On the 30th ult.. at Grantham, William Cochrane, Fgq., aged 36. On thelOth Wit.. at23.OakleyVillas. Adelaide.road,GeorgeNewbum, the infant son of Thomas Walker, Esq. On the 30th silt., at 40. Thuxloe-squavo, Brempton. of anammia5 Mr. Thomas O3borne, in the 65th year of his age, decDly lamenteda On thel 30th ult.. at 23, AIva-street, Edinburgh. David Lyall, Esq., late ot Calcutta. On the Ist inst.. M1r. William Measam, of Aldgate, aged 66. On the Ist inst.. at the George Tavern. Maize-hill, Greenwich, aged 7, Mr. Wsatson, late proprietor of the above. On the Ist inst., at 4, Berkeley-street, Berk-eley-square, George James Guthrie, Bse.. P.R.s.. et. 71.
OYRY-MARYKETand CITYINTELLIGENCE. Thursday Evening. In consequence of the half-yearly balance at the Bank of Englamt the transfer offices have been shuit tq-day, and a close holyday has been kept at the Stock-Exchange. ;The Paris Bourse has also been closed, this being Ascension Day. There was a full demand for money in the discqunt-market owing to the approach of the 3d of the month. The applications at the Bank of England, it is believed, were not numerous. Anl additional 80,0001. of Australian gold is understood to have been taken to the Bank to-day. The specie brought by the West India steamer to-day consisted of 105,0001. gold, and 80,OjO0 . Eilter. A telegraphic despatch from Naples states that the permission to export wheat, maize, and other grain has been prolonged to the 15th of J une, and that the duty is reduced one-half. At present prices the measure, it is thought, will not have mnuch result. It is expected that in the event of the crJps this year prosing abundant a further relaxation will be adopted. -The advices from the city of MTexico to-day reach to. the 2d of April and confirm the complete triumph of the Government over the reactionists by the surrender of Puebla. Although the insurgents had a strong position, large forces comprising the favourite troups of Santa Anna, 15 pieces of artillery ard great superiority in cavalry, they surrendered without a struggle. Bribery is stated to have been largely employed among the officers, and actual cowardice is also asserted to have been extensively manifested on the announcement that President Comonfort had received heavy artillery and mortars from Vera Cruz, and wras preparing to bombard the town. The subsequent treatment of the garrison is complained of, all the prisoners of high rank having been sentenced to serve as common soldiers for a term of one, two, or three years, while the general nass of officers have been ordered to be marched off to the southern coast of Acapulco, where they are likely to perish fromn the effects of the climate and want. MIany of the partisans of the Government, howvever, were clamorous for their being shot, and but for the fact that they are alleged to have suffered fromn a rather treacherous construction of the terns of sturrender they seem to have met little more than their deserts. Great preparations -were in progress in Mfexico to welcome the President on his return, but all public business calculated to promote national innprovement continued to be neglected. For some time past there had been no -sittin of Congress for want of a quorum. Trade -was dul, and very fe-v persons entertained any hope of the independence of the country being long preserved. Anong other general remarks in the present advices are the follolving on the capabilities of Mexico for cotton cultivation, and the conduct of the Government to the British Consul in Tepic, whom they charge with having promoted disalection:- " Were Mexico more thickly populated it might become a wonderful cotton-growing country, for its climilate, as well as the peculiarities of its soil, are particularly favourable for that planit, which is indeed found growing spont.aneously iu all parts of the Republic, and was cultivated to a conside.able extent by the natives previous to the Spanish conquest. The Americans have alreadly found out how well adapted Mexico is for that branch of trade, wcich is steadily increasing in Texas, and they are no doubt fully aldive to the peculiar advantage offered by a large portion of the Mexican territory, ehe clilmate of which is extremely m ild and healthy, and therefore does not require African labour for the culture of cotton. " The Mexican Goverrment continues to behave in a very arbitrary mannler with regard to the British Consul in Tepic, vho remains still exiled from his homiie. Moreover, an order was published to forbid the common tribunals to take cognizanlce of this matter, npon the plea that the Governmuent itself is to examine the merits of the question; and, if I am not mnuch mistaken, such a singular proceeding amounts to a denial of justice." The followinig is from the Comnittee of Mexican -Bondholders "The committee have received advices from Mr. Whitebead, dated Mexico, the 2d ult. The Govermnent of General Cosnonfort had been considerably strengthened by the surrender of Puebla on the 2Mdof March last. This packetbrings no remittances for the dividend fund, but it is hoped that things will soon return to a more regular course." The letters froni Central America by the Magdalena mention that the piratical attack of the American General WValker on Costa Rica has received a temporary check. Four hundred of the invading party were met by 500 of the troops of Costa Rica at Guanacaste and were routed, it is said, in a-quarter of an hour, the Costaricans having rushed uipon their riflemen with bayonets and knives. General MIora was following up this success by. a march upon Walker's pOSitiOl at Rivas on the 2Nicaraguan frontier, but, looking at the reinforcements which wvere hastening to alker from New Orleans and elsewvhere without any interruption from the Unsited States' authorities, there is little reason to anticipate that the unequal struggle can be long maintained. It is understood that the bill for the Imperial Hotel Company in Trafalgar-square has been withdrawn, it being found that all the necessary arrangements for the site can be effected by private treaty without Parliamentary auithority. Subjoined are the railwvay calls for the month of Mqay so far as they have yet been advertised: A special meeting of the Deposit and General Life Assurance Company, the financial position of wvhich has lately been brought into question, was held today, at which a report from Messrs. Quilter and Ball was read, which was considered to support the directors in their recent manner of treating the accounts. The directors have advanced altogether 14,000l., feeling confidence in the ultimate progress of the undertaking, and the call just made wiiU reduce outstanding liabilities. At the same time it was mentioned that, if the shareholders and policyholders refuse to co-operate in their effbrts, they ;wil be compelled to transfer the business already obtained to some other office; and it was added that overtures to that effect have been received from parties whose position is in every respect satisfactory. It was also admitted during the discussion that a movement is on foot, among several of the younger assurance offices which are in a position similar to that of the Deposit and General Life, for effecting an amalgamation with the view of lessen- ig expenses. A t the termination of the meeting the following resolution was passed:- "That, in the opinion of this meeting, the report of Mlessrs. Quilter and Ball entirely justifies the directors in recommending to the shareholders the rejection of the auditors' report and statement of accounts; that this meeting approves of additional capital being called up to clear off e-astin liabilities, and believing that the conipany has vithia It, with prudent and economical 'nanagenient, all the elements of success, we rely with confidence in the directors taking such steps as -will filly establish the objects for which the Deposit and General Life Assurance Company was founded." The annexed are from mining companies "hMARIQUITA. "The M;ariquita Company have received advices, of which the following is an abstract:- "Santa Anna Mines, for February, 1856; cost, $8,268; xeturns, $10,S39. With regard to the returns for March it is stated, 'I am sorry to say that the dry weather and the Easter feasts will cause our returns for the present month to be mnulch lower than they otherwise would have been."' " Martnato Mines, for January, 1856 cost, $12,702; xeturns, $10,472. 'From the exceedingly dry weather during the last two months it has been imrpossible to get sufficient gold together for the usualfortnightly convoy."' "Parima Mines. 1Ro profit and loss account received." " FORT BOWEN. "dEtracts from letter received from the manager of the mine :-'Since the English miners have been here the level has been driven m fathoms in length, and a cross cut six feet south across the lode, which shows a lode at the psres6nt end 12 feet wide. I have seen quite suflicient of the .ode to satisfy me that the Morgan vein can be found for a very sonsiderable length and depth. I have at length succeeded in finding a never-failing stream of water tnat can be broug$ to the mine, sufficient to drive any machinery that mnay be*regl-ed, from the river Guttival The canal or watercon;rse wili be rather long-from twvo and a-qulartcr to ree miles arp7md she minding of the bils, but thie disteno is notbing when compared io the distanc, that water is brought to work muines in other countries."' The following account of the large and steady improvement which hns taken place in the Manchester niarkets during the past month is from Messrs. Robert Barbour and Brother: "A large busineEs was done here early in the month. In many cases spinners and mamifacturens took orders which placed them deeply under contract, aud gave them coafi. dence in asking higher prices. 'he advance thus deiuanded has intErfered with the operations of buyers durinlg the last fortnight, and they have been acting with great cautioin, bat sellers have remained aite firm. Prices no-w show au advance of 5 to 10 per cent. on goods, and 10 to 15 per cent. on yarns, compared with the rates current in February and March. It is gratifying ta state that the manufacturing interest, as a whole, is now in a better conditioni thaa it has been for some time past. A gradnal advauce has been taking place, more especially in yarns, since tbe umouth of November, which now amounts to 15 to 25 per cent., and in seome cases even more, on the finer spinninDg adapted for the home trade. The improvement in manufimctur. d goods is not so great or so general, but fabrics adapted fo,r India and China have, ia some cases, advanced in value 15 to 20 per cent. during the last five or six months. This bas been caused by the activity of both the home and foreign demand; the ahipfents of cotton, yarn, and goods during the first o,uarter of this year. amounting in value to 8&651 JOOOt. c-ompared wi;hi 7,3l;$.C00t. in 1655, and 7,tJ04,0\)01. in 185, s howingan increase of nearly one and a-third mlillion sterling over Last year, and three-quarters of a million over 1854, before the declaration of war. The month cb .ses with a, quiet but healthy feeling;i the aome trade is good, and most foreign markets have an imlproving aspect. It is, however, yet to be seen if they will respond to the enhanced rates now current here. '- The weekly sales in the Liverpool cotton-market during the nuonth have averaged t0,000 bales, both conxsumers and speculators having bouglit freely. 1'rices have gradually advmnced, and the current qualities are noNv jld. to Ad. per lb. higher than they were a month ago. The stock held is about 100,000 bales less than at this tiune last year, and, althou2h the Atmerican crop is unprecedentedlylarge, all we are likely to receive will be required to keep consuners sapplied and prices from advancing still further."
TRADE REPORT. Thiusday Evening. TALILow.-The market is dull at 46s. on the spot, and 45s. to 45s. Gd. for the last three mouths. The delivery continues good. TEA.-The remainling 5,000 packages were offered to-day, but there was no improvement to notice, and the sales have closed very heavrily. About 1,000 packsages (principally consisting of parcels w ithout reserve) sold at irregular prices. hne total quantity realized at and after the auctions during the twro dys is estimated at 4,000 to 5,000 packages, including the ANssain. SUGAR.-The market continues very firnm. There were two public sales to-day-viz., 177 hogsheads Porto Rico. 273 hogsneads, 54 tierces, 98 barrels, and 74 bags Cuba, and 771 boxes Havannah. Of the two former a large proportion found buyers at stiff rates-viz., brown, 37s. to 40s. ; low to middling gray, 39s. 6d. to 41s.; good middling to good bright yellow, 41s. 6d. to 43s. 6d. The Havainai was nearly all taken in. White, SSs. to 59s. (duty 20s.); florettes, 52s. to 54S. 6d. (duty 1Zs. Gd.); good iniddling to fine yelow, 44S. to 4Ss. (duty 15s.) 877 hogsheads West India were disposed of. CO}~EE.-214 casks and 276 bags plantation Ceylon were sold at formner rates; 369 bags damaged native Ceylon, 48S. 6d. to als. RCE.-No public sales to-day; but about 5,000 bags were disposed of privately. Bengal middling to good white, 3s. to 10s Gd.; Rangoon, s. SA'LTIPExRE.-The market is dull. CocELNE&L.-Of 50 bags in public sale to-day, about half were sold at previous rates. Honduras silver, ordinaiy to good, 3s. Sd. to 3s. lld. per lb.; Hunduras black, ordinary to good, 4s. 6d. to 5s. Sd. per lb.
STATE OF TRADE. MANCHESTER, MAY 1. There is a fair business doing for the home trade, both in yarn and cloth, and full prices are given ; but for export the market coLtinues fully as quiet as on Tuesday, buyers having an impression that, the speculative spirit at Liverpool in the raw material having received a check, prices may zecede a little from the highest point. At present, however, the great body of producers adhere firmly to last quotations, and it is only wvhere spinners and manufacturers are out of ordes that any anxiety is manifested to meetthe wishes of buyers. Messrs. Robert Freeland and Brother, in their monthly circular of this day, report:- "' The course of our market during the past month has been upwards, and in every instance our quotations will be found higher than at the end of March. This has been brought about, not so much by the amount of business done as by the stimulus given to trade by the re-establishment of peace and a consideration of the results likely to followv in its train. There is now, however, some disappointment expressed that money should continue to be dear, and for the last few days there has been a decided pause, buyers being very reluctant to operate ab the higlh rates which are now demanded. The home trade has contributed largely to the support of the market during the month, both in goods and yarns. and appears to be in a healthy state. " The exports of cotton piece goods and yarns for the month are 92,015, against 105,738 for the same time last year; this is rather over the average of the last previous three snoiths, wvhich s 86,953 packages. The foUlowmg classification shows at a glance the proportion to the various markets:- Packages. Lb. Cotton cotton Piece Goods. Yamns. East Indies .296 11-* China .74 .. 08 Australia .ill . 0 0 Central and South America .. 209 01O North America .1017 .. 112 West Indies .3s .. 00 Coast of Africa.41 o-o Turkey, Egypt, and Levant . 1009 . 87 Germany and Holland .4 .. 39.0 Other European States . t6 .. 34 " The Liverpool cotton-market has been very active throughout the month, and prices are quoted jd. to gd. fer lb. higher. Within the last few days there has been ess doing, and buyers have a slight advantage in price. "Mule Twist.-Onr quotations will be found id. to Ad. per lb. higher for 20's to 50Ws; but the advance in fine qu6lities used by the home trade ranges 2d. to 4d. per lb. higher for 50's to 100's. In shipping qualities spinners are well engaged. "u In water twist there has been a fair amount of business done, and contracts are on at Jd. per lb. above our last ouotations; but as there has been a slight giving way this last week our quotations will be found only gd. higher than last month. The goods market is in a healty state, stocks being very light. A,tbs printing cloths have been in good demand, and prices are lA,d. to 3d. higher. Mtadapollarns also in good donmand, and .id. per piece higher. 40-inch India shiirtings are 3d to 4A.d. per piece higher, and Glb. to 7lb. are well eng.aged. Jrcconots have also sprung 3d. per piece. T-cloths and longcloths, lJd. to 3d. per piece, and domestics, 1-lOd. to J d. per yard.
THE CORN TRADB. 5MAX ESTER. V.- I The lirmrness noted in the Jlotur trade in our last report has gradutiUly increased during the present week and a fair consumptive demand has been experienced for approvedl qualities of both English anrd foreign at decide(ly higher rates than were previously obtainable. Other articles have undergone no marked change. At Liverpool the 2rrivals of wvheat, beans, and flour from abroad are to a tolerably fair amotnt, and large of Indian corn. 'From Irelaud the arrivals continue on a limited seale. Our market this norning was slenderly attended, and in the amount of business transacted disappointe( the expectations of sellers. M'heat was in fair request atan amendment of fully Is. per (quiarter on English and2d.per71(b.onAnerican. lourmovedont slowly; nevertheless holders vere finn in requiring an advance of ls. per sack and barrel on English and. American, and 2s. per sack on Spanish. Other articles were steady at the previous currency. BIRMINGHADY, MrAy . At Glocester and Worcester markets, on the 2fth, there was a short supply of whe;t from the farmers, and, in contequence, buyers reluctantly s,bmitt,d to.anadvance ofls. to 2,. per quarter. Barley scare. and rather dearer. Oats unaltered, but In more demand. -Beans again clheaper, which brought forward some speculative purchasers. During the present *veek little wheat has been offering, and, as our uliers would not pay the rates demanded, scarcely a tnection is reported. Barley hen, at peevions prices. Ve have a rts: salefor oats at our qluotation. Less doing in beans. At Volverhampton, yesterday, wheat was fluly Is. per quarter dearer. At this day'smarket there vas a short supply of wheat whichsold reaWily at ani improvement of Is. to 2s. per quarter. Barley the tum cheaper. Oats unaltered. Beans held for rather more money, vhich could notbe obtained. BRISTOL, MiA I. The weather is become cold and unseasonable. We continue moderately supplied with wheat from farmers, and on our market to-day a fair ex-tent of bursiness took place at an adlvance of ls. to 25. per quarter. Good sweet foreign in demand at ful prices: secondary descriptions very diflicult to quit. Barley unite as dear. Of oats our arrils coutinue scanty, and good qualities are 6d. per quarter higher. Beans and peas unsaleable. lVheat.-Spauish. rortuguese, &e., red and white. 65s. to 63. per 4O1db. Ibrail, Galat7, &c., sott, .i2s. to 60s. per 4S01b. Salonica soft, 62-s. to 56s. per 4SOlh. English, red and white, Gos. to 72s. per imperial quarter. Barley.-English. good to fine malting 39s. to 44s. per imperial quarter; English griuding and distilery, 36s to 3Ss. per imperial quarter; foreign ditto heavy, 36s. to 37s. per4001b. Oats.-Welsh and Devon, black and write feed. 21s. to 23s. per impenral quarter: Irish kitndried, white, 24s. to 26s. per 3201b. : ditto tawny, '2s. to 23s. per 3041b. ; ditto fin; black, 22s. to 23s. per 3041b.! ditto, inferior, 2ts. 6d. to 21s. per 30b. Beans.-Foreign, 34s. to 38s. per 4SOlb.; English, 3Ss. to 44s. per imperial quLarter. Flour.-English. good seconds. 4Ss. to Sls. per 2SOlb. GLOCESTER, MTAY 1. The trade for English wheat continues firm, and with a better demand ralues have advanced Is. per quarter. Foreign of good quality finds buyers at a similar improvement, other kinds are only saleable i bthe merest retall, at about pronioun prices. Barley less inqiiiredafter. Oats in steady request at our quotations. Beaus unvaried. Wheat.-Italian, Romlan, &e., fine red, 66s. to 63s. per 4SOlb., Portuguese aodSpanish. white and reel,65s. to6GSs. per 4SOlh-; BraLlow, Danvube, be., soft. 50s, to G0s. per 4S01b.; Galatz, &e.. red, 6g6. to GIs. I er 4tlb.; EngLish, wvhite. GSs. to Ifs. Per imperial quarter; ditto, Barley.-EngUisb. choice malting, 42s. to 44g. per imperial quarter'; iForeign, and English heavy. grinding, S7a. to Itla. per 40Gb.; Irish, grinding, 3(s. to 3Ss. per 400Pb. Oats.-Irish, kiln-dried white potato, 23a. 6d. to h4s. Gd. per 3121b. -, hstto, black, 22s. to 22s. Gd. per 3121b.; ditto, tawny. 23s, to 24& per itlib. ditto,~~~~~~~pr 12b.; Beana.-EnglSlh, old, Ps. 3d. to 5s. reL per imperial bushel; ditto new, 4s. 6d. to 4s. 10d. ditto ; Eyptian, 12& to 12s. 6d. per 1961b. Indian corn, 12s. od. to 12s. 6d. per MMGlh GLASGOW, APices 30. The weather has been changeable during the week, With the exception of fair quantities of oats, oatmeal. and flour from Ireland, the supplies have been light. From abroad, by the Clyde. they consisted of 367 barrels of flour and 2,010 quarters of Indian corn from the lUnited States; ri:d (ransemouth of 2,595 quarters of wheat, 235 quartersof beans, and 420sacks of flour from HIamburg. There wvag a good rete.l.l inquiry for most articles during the week at the fullrates of last Wednesday. This day's market wvas moderately wvell attended. SVheatande flour were in better demand, and sellers had the furnin their fav,our Barley, oats, oatmal, and eans were more lhe eld at the prerious currency. Egyptian beans gained 3d. CzYS.a PALACE.-Oz SHIiNG DAY.-Thirs- day, Msay L-Admismions on paent, 2,060; ditto by seawn ticket-,179; total viBitors, 239.
RAILWAY INTELZIGENCE. SAMBRE AND IKEUSE. The half-yearly meeting of this com pany was held yesterday, at the offices, Moorgate-street; Ur. W. P. Richards in the chair. Mr. Chubb, the secretary, read the report, an abstract of which has appeared in n7e Tinw. 'The CHAIRMAN, in moving the adoption of the report, raid that many errontous opinions with regard to the comtpany had been circulated dunng the last three mouths. He bad been addressed by some parties as though their affairs were as desperate as those of the Naimur and Liege Rtailway ,hen they were coxnpelledto sell two-thirds of theirrailway to save the othef one-third, or as helpless as those of the Charleroi and Erquelines line before its amalgamation with the Northern of France. The position of the Sambre and Meuse was by no means similar; they had no debts uncovered, and never had any of importance; they carried on their works as long as they had money, and when the money was all gone they waited till they got more, ard so by fits and starts they went on till they had completed their line. He was glad to say that it was now complete, and that it was their own property. The traffic wasequal to nmeet all their liabilities, and to give them a small dividend on the original shares. The traffic was graddally increasing, and their position would become betfer every 3 ear. If the shareholdersvwouldonly have patiencethey would ultimately reaptheirreward. Hadtheysucceededinraising moneywhen they wanted it, and completed their line three years ago, aD alliance with them now would be eagerly sought. They might rest assured that the directors would lose no oppoztunity of taking advantage of any fortunate circumstance that mnight improve the value of their property. He then wrent into a statement respecting alleged offers to lease the line, and stated that out of five applicaitions there was only one from parties who were known, consisting of Messrs. Uzielli, Laing, P., and other gentlemen as a deputation from the Ardennes Conpany. They offered to lease the line at 43 per cent, which, after paying the prelhiinary and preference c.harges of th companv. would yield onlvy I per cent. on tJhe original capital, This was the only bond ftde offer they bad received. Fiour out of five of the parties had refused to state whom they represented, and urged him to mention the terms the boardwouild recommend for adoptionhy the shareholders, but for obvious reasons he declined to do so. The offer on the part of the Ardennes Company could not be entertained by the directors, as it was evidently far below the value of the property. Mr. BELL thought they should have made a counter offer to theArdennes Company, who, it was believed, were in some way connected with the Strasburg Company. The traffic on the line had averaged 1,2001. a-week, and, taking 50 per cent for working expenses, he estimated that the dividend ought to be 12is. per share, instead of 3s. Gd. per share, and iSo. per share for next year. He did not consider the report satisfactory. The CHASIRMrAN said, the directors were anxious to avoid over-sanguine statements that might suit some parties, but would be injurious to the general body. They had stated the truth. He m ight have stated various matters with respect to other lines which were likely to join their but preferred waiting to see them realized. Mr. AnRADPOCK compLained of a paragraph in the report of the managinqg director in respect to the traffic, wehich he thought was of a gloomy character. Mr. SHENVARL explained that his object wvas to impress upon the shareholders the necessity of providing more boats and a steam-tug to develope the coal traffic. He thought that a competing line from Morialn6 would deprive them of some of their mineral traffic, and that they should look principally to the development of the coal traffic for a dividend. He tlen gave an account of conversations lie had had with the accredited agents of the Northern of lirance Railway Company, and, although they would have no objection to work the line and share the profits, they were not disposed at present to lease it or give a guarantee. Mr. SCoTT thought the English shareholders in Belgian railways had a rigwht to complain of the restrictive policy adopted by the Belgian Govermment. Every 1001. of English capital invesed in Belgian railways would not realize more than 40!.. while the liberal course adopted in France bad made every 100!. of English capital in French lines worth 3001. It was most injurious to the shareholders for the Belgian Government to put a duty of 600I. each on the importation of light engines to work the traffic on lines in that country made by English capital. Mlr. S. HERA\PA.TH hoped that, in the case of any future offer to lease or purchase the line, nce directors would neither accept nor reject such offer without consulting the shareholders. Resolutions were passed adopting the report and approving the dividend of Ss. Gd. per share. On the motion of Mr. Scott, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to the chairman and directors, and the meeting separated. RAILWAY BILLS IN PARlAI1ENT. LuTox, DIJXST.AiLE, AND WELVYN JuNcTioN.-The directors of this company state that they have a balance of 46,5451. wherewith to meet the cost of tlleir proposed alteration of junction with the London and North-Western ailwa , and for alteration of levels. KSS-oC5c MINERAL EXT_SSIOS.-The directors dedlare that they have an unexpended sum of 80,000.,, applicable for defraying the cost of the proposed extensions, MID KENXT EXTENsION.-Tise estimated cost of constructing this line from Bromley to St. Mary's Cray, as deposed to in the Parliamentary estimate, is 70,000!. ;COTTISH CE-TRAL-The directors state that they have an actual surplus of 40,000!., wherewith to construct tiseir proposed branch railway to Denny. WAVENEY VALLEY.-The directors state that there is a surplus of 155,000l, in hand, applicable to the proposed new works. MLTORD JuNcrioN.-The cost of making this line from the South Wales Railway at Johnston to Milford is 45,000!. ATYBOLE AND) GiRvAx.-The estimated expense, including land and contingencies, of making this line is 05,000!. PERTH, ALMOND VALLEY, ASND MEcvEn.t-This new line, from the Scottish Midland Junction to Methven, is estimated to cost 20,000!. TRAFFIC RETURNS. Milea aa- Mer- Tow, Total rwany& open aer chandise. 1856. 1955. Week ending April 19. Abenisen and Scottish Mid- land Junction -. . . .. 3,432 .. 3,002 Week ending April 20. Esut Anglian .. .. - .. - .. - .. 950 .. 855 London, Tilbury, and South- end Extension -.. .. - .. 821 .. 147 .. 865 .. 823 Bristol and Exeter -.. .. 117 . . - . . - .. 6,036 .. 6,235 Week endIngApril 26. Londonderry and Coleraine 36 .. 121 .. 137 .. 253 .. 283 Londonderry and Enniskiden 60 .. 251 -. 350 .. 601 .. 612 Waterlord and L5merick .. 77 .. - .7. - . 1,252 . . 999 Wateifordandilkenny -. 31 .. - .. - .. 274 . 250 North-Eastern .. - ..703X1 - . - .. 32288 .. 31,678 Dablin and Wieklow 3 - -- 40 216 Week ending April 27. Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford. .. .. 40 . - .. - . 954 .. 53 Midland .. . .. 493. - - .. 29,606 . 27,742 'East Lancashire - - .. 93 -. - .. - 5 g52 .. 5.391 ILancashire and York-shire 255 - . . - . . 21,78 ..19,181 Oxford.WVorcester. andWol- verhampton.. . . . 94 .1,493 ..1,910 . 3.403 .. 3,079 Chester and Holyhead . . - . . - . . - .. 5,139 .. 4,55 Shrewsbury and Chester . - .. - .. - . 2,509 .. 2,159 Sfrewsburyandlirmingbam - .. - . - .. 1,591 . 1,284 Great Western . . - .. - .. - .. 26,743 .. 26.738 Eastern Counties, NorfoLi, and Eastern Union . 417 .. - .. - . 22,036 . 22,896 London andBlackwal wa - .. 1,223 75 - . 1.29S 1.2S5 North British.. . . 149 . 1,971 ..3,067 .. 5,032 .. 4,848 Midland Great Westem (Ire- land) - - 1,771 ..1,225 . 2,930 .. 3,175 IManchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire - .. 173X .. - .. - .. 9,501 . 9,535 Edinburgh, Perth, and Din- dee, and Scottish Central- - 5,322 . 5,374 Shropshire Union .. .. 29,x.. - .. - .. 82 ,. 669 Dubln and Belfast Junction 56 -- - . . - .. 1.323 - - 1.034 ' The receipts for merchandise tmffic are published afterdeducting the weekly balance on the Leeds and Liverpool Canal lease account. The gross receipts upon the Clifton and Salford line are now included in the weekly puiblication of traffic; and four miles, the lenigth of that line, have been added to the mileage. The rent payabile for the Clifton and Salford line is not now deducted from the weekly AtereIs amournt includes the TLverpool, Crosby, and Southport traffic, vibhis net included in the coxresponding period. Including half of the Manchester, South Junction, and Altrincham receipts, Grisnhy Dock duties, tc.. and Chesterfield Canal receipts.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMilES. Sir,-Early in the present session of Parliament Mr. Layard moved for the production of returns of the officers whose names had been reported by the Generals in the Crimea as having been particularly distinguished in the assaulton Sebastopol onthe8Sthof September last. These returns were after some delay delivered to theHouse of Commons, but they have remained unnoticed up to the present time. It seems that all the officers thus recommended have received, or have been promised promotion, excepting the lieutenant-colonels; andthequestion remains to be asked why this exception has been made, and why this injustice remains without redress? From the returns transmittedby Sir W. Codrington and the late General 3iarkham it appears that there were 14 lieutenant-colonels engaged in the assault, and distinguished bytheir behaviour in that arduous service. One of these, an officer on the staff, was immediately promoted to the rank of colonel, but no promotion has been accordedi to the lieutenant-colonels who led their respective regiments to the assault of thu Redan. Now. Sir, it is to be observed that of these 13 lieutenantcolonels seven were killed or died of their wounds; while of the six wbo bad thegood fortuneto survive (twoof whom were wounded), no notice whatever has been taken by our military authorities at home. It may possibly be intended at the Horse Guards to include these officers, when peace sball have been proclaimed, in a large brevet which may afford the opportunity of promoting more officers of the staffand individuals who have the good fortune to find favour at the Horse Guards. But this would not fulfil the gracious desire of the Queen, nor the earnest expectations of the public that distinguished services against the enemy should be promptly acknowledged and rewarded by promotion. In the meantime there appears to be a slur cast on these lieutenant-colonels by the fact that all the officers of inferior rank engaged in the same service have been promoted, while the surviving lieutenant-colonels-only the moiety of those who ledforward theirgaflant regiments-are passedt by innoticed,-not, indeed, unnoticed by the twso generals under wvhose eyes they fought, for their names are brought prominently forwvard by the returns transmitted to the Horse Guards by Sir W. Codrington. Your obedient servant. 5TANNEYE, April X0,
DEATH OF MR. G. J. GumRE, F.R.S.-The medical profession and the public generally will hear with regret that this distinguished surgeon expired suddenly of disease of the heart at his residence, Berkeley-street, Berkeley-square, yesterday morning, aged 71, having been born May 1, 1785. Mr. Guthrie was the only son of ar. Andrew Guthrie, at that time a celebrated chiropodist practising in Lower James-street, Golden-square, with so much success as to give his only daughter a marriaze portion of 10,0001. Mr. Guthrie commenced the study of the profession at the early a,ge of 13 as articled student of Mr. Phillips, of P l-mall, but he was especially placed under Dr. Hooper, who afterwards became one of the ablest physicians and pathologists in London, and to whom Mir. Guthrie was devotedly attached. In June, 1800, Mir. Rush, then Inspector-General, appointed the young student hospital assistant to the York itary Hospital, but Mr. Keate, the surgeon-general, objecting to these appointinentsbeing conferred on unquahified persons, directed the removal of all who had not been examined and approved by the College of Surgeons. Before this tribunal therefore did young Guthrie present himself, and on the 5th of February, 1801, became a member of the college when not quite 10. He was soon afterappointed an assistant surgeon to the 29th Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Byng, now Lord Strafford, who was only 22 years of age and Mfr. Guthrie 16. Notwithstanding the youth of both, it was always admitted that there was no regimentbetter commanded or better doctored. From lS02 to 1807 he served in North Anierica; in 1808 he landed with his regiment in Mondego Bay, and on the 17th of August was at the battle of Rolica. The 9th and 29th Regiments furnished the greater part of the wounded, who for three days were almost entirely under Mr. Guthrie's care. On the 21st of the same month he was at the battle of Vmliera. Mr. Guthrie was present at the taking of Oporto, and here he exhibited several examples of great presence of mind, especially in capturing a gun, wlhich the French artillerymen were endeavouring to drag through a lane, when the young doctor, being the only mounted officer present, made a dash at the gun and captured it; but what to do Nith it puzzled hbn * he therefore cut the traces of the headmost mule, a very fine one, brought her off as a trophy, and then sent a sergeant and a file of men to take charge of the gun until he could report its capture to Sir J. Sherbrook, who was mightily amused at the doctor's capttring a gun bv himself. Ye was present at the battle of Talavera, at the retreat of the British army across the Tagus-a most disastrous affair for the wounded, who were coUected after several days' marching at the Convent of Dcleytosa, near Tru:xilo, which Mir. Guthrie called the slaughterhouse of the wounded of the British army from the loss of life which took place through the want of previous care and defective surgical knowledge. A want of space, however, prevents us following lr. Guthrie through all the Peninsular campaigns. IT may be sufficient to state that on returning to London with a large amount of practical experience he commenced lecturing on surgery, which practice he continued for nearly 30 years, receiving large attendances of the medical officers of the army, navy, and the EastlndiaCompany. Mr. Guthriewaselectedassistant-surgeon to the Westminster Hospital in 1823, and full surgeon in 1827. In 1824 he was elected a member of the Council, of Ihe Royal College of Surgeons at an earlier age than any other Person so honoured-being only 38 years of age; and in 1833 was elected to the highest office, that of presidentan honour again conferred on him in 1842 and 1855, being the only instance at present on record of a member of the council holding this office three times. M[r. Guthrie had also held the office of Professor of Anatomy and Surgery. For some time past Mr. Guthrie's health had been such as to occasion considerable alarm in the minds of his family and friends, arising evidently from a diseased state of the heart. A few days since it was considered he was much better, and he contemplated sojourning for a short time in the south of France. On Wednesday evening he suffered much from a violent cough, and on Thursday morning, at 5 o'clock, he ceased to exist. He leaves behind him a sonMr. Gardiner Guthrie, surgeon to the Westminster and Ophthalmic Hospitals and an unumarried daught-er.
! PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE. HOUSE OP COMMONS, Thuksdat, May 1" ? ! The Speaker took the chair st 4 o'clock. On the motion of Mr. Brotherton, the orders for committing the East Kent Railway Bill and the Imperial Hotel Company Bill were discharged, and the bills were by leave withdrawn. POSTAL COMMUNICATION (IRELAND). Lord NAAS asked the Secretary of the Treasury whetiier itwas intended to make any alteration in the present mode of conducting postal communication in the north of Ireland? Mr. "WILSON supposed that the question of the noble lord referred to the postal communication between Ballymena, Coleraine, and Londonderry. Great difficulty hid been found by the Post-office in dealing with the railways in that district of Ireland; but negotiations had been made, and which had at length heen brought to a successful conclusion, and a satisfactoiy arrangement would be commenced on the 9th of the present month, PETITIONS. Petitions against the abolition of churrch-rates withont an adequate equivalent were presented by Lord Hothah, from Blackloft, Yorkshire (East Riding); by Sir H. Stracet, from Rollesby, in the county of Norfolk ; by Sir. Follett, from Leven, in Holderness and Irom Uie rui-al deanery of South Harthill; and by Mr. MosTYN, from the inhabitants of Iscoed, in Flintshire. Petitions were also presented by Mr. Masterman against the-Bill for the Reform of the Corporation of the City of London from the Worshipful Company of Dyers; the aldermen, common councilmen, freemen, and other inhabitants in the ward of Dowgate; inhabitants of the ward of Cordwainer: the master, wardens, and commonalty of Wax-chandlers; freemen and inhabitants of the ward of Candlewick; inhabitants of the ward of Castle Btynard, and from the Mercers' Company ; by Sir J. Duke, from upwards of 3,000 of the free watermen of the Thames, against the 81st clause of the London Corporation Bill; and from the ward of Farrringdon-without, the Xorimers Company, and the Spectacle-makers Company, against the second reading of the bill; by Mr. E. Phillimore, from the the deanery of Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire ; the deanery of Hartland, Devonshire, and from the deanery of Whitchurch, Dorsetshire, against the present mode of rating rentchai^e; by Mr. W.Brown, from inhabitants of Stafford, praying for the immediate adoption of a decimal system of coinage and accounts: and another to the sameeSecfc; by Mr. Napier, from 450 clerks of petty sessions in Ireland, stating the increase of their duties and their responsibility, and praying that better provision be made for their adequate and just remuneration; hy Mr. G. Duncan, from the president, vice-president, and directors of the Chamber of Commerce, Dundee, praying that the present duty on fire insurance may be reduced, if not altogether abolished ; also from thc directors and manager of the Forfarshire and Perthshire Fire Insurance Company, Dundee, praying that the duty be reduced to 6d. per cent, per annum; by Mj. Adexander Hastie, from the parochial board of the parish of Gorbals, against theNnisances RemovalBill (Scotland)j by Mr. Mostyn, from the inhabitants of Buckley, in Flintshire, against the opening of publichouses on Suitday; also from the same infavour of the total abolition of church-rates; by Mr. GREGSON, from the boardof guardians of the Lancaster Union, praying for amendments in the Vaccination Bill; by Mr. Wilkinson, from the churchwardens and overseers of the parish of Lambeth against the hill for the removal of Scotch and Irish poor; by Mir. Archibald Hastie, from the United Presbyterian church, Canal-street, Paisley, for the discontinuance of all public grants for religious purposes in Ireland; by Sir E. Pjsrry, from Sidmouth and its neighbourhood, praying for amendment in the law of property relating to married women; by Mr. Headlam, from the Law Society. Newcastle-onTyhe, against the Episcopal and Capitular Estates Bill; also from congregations of Berwick-street chapel, Newcastle, against the ecclesiastical laws in Ireland; by Mr. Dunlop, from the Convention of Royal Burghs, Scotland, for passing the Judgments Execution Bill with an alteration; by Mr. Black, from the Convention of Royal Burghs, Scotland, against the Removal of Nuisances Bill; by Mr. Deedes, from Goodnestone-next-Winghsm, against Sir W. Clay's bill on church-rates and the Government amendments, without an equivalent; by Colonel Smythe, from the York board of guardians, against the appointment of auditors by the Poor-law Board, as proposed in the bUl to amend the the laws for relief of the poor; and against a proposed alteration in the law of settlement, in the bill to amend the laws for the removal of the poor; by Mr. Cowan, from the Convention of Royal Burghs in Scotland,praying forthe abolition of billeting soldiers in private houses in Scotland, as a practice demoralizing both to the troops and to the people exposed to the infliction; and by Colonel Watkins, from the curate and churchwardens of St. Mary's (Brecknock), against Sir W. Clay's bill for abolishing church-rates, as well as the amendments proposed by Government. COLONEL COMMANDANT OF THE ROYAL ENGINEERS. Captapn L. VERNON asked the Under Secretary for War when the vacancy of Colonel-Commandant in the Royal Engineers, caused by the death of General Wright on the 5th of March last, would be filled up i Mr. PEEL said, that it was intended to fill up the vacancy, but that the selection had not yet been made by Lord Hardinge. IAND TRANSPORT CORPS. Colonel DUNNE asked when the Land Transport Corps would be disbanded, and whether it was intended to increase the number of Sappers and Miners ? Mr. PEEL said, that the subject was under consideration. THE CRIMEAN INQUIRY. Mr. PALK asked tho Under Secretaryfoi- War, whether the examinations already taken before ths court of inquiry nowsitting, and presided over by Sir Alexander Woodford, would be laid upon the table of that House and when ; also, whether Her Majesty's Government contemplated any measures for the more efficient orginization of the medical and hospital staff, and of the Commissariat, or whether it was intended to reduce those departments to the same peace establishment which was found so inefficient at the breaking out of the war ; also, whether it was true that a militia regiment had been called out for service within the last two or three days ? Mr. PEEL said, that there could be no advantage in publishing a mere fragment of the proceedings which had taken place before the Board of General Officers. (Hear, hear.) He reminded thehon. gentleman that, by the warrant constituting that hoard, they were required to present their report to the Horse Guards, and up to this time they had presented no report which could be laid before the House. In answer to the second question, he had to state that, of course, some reductions would be made in various departments of the army in consequence of the peace, but it was intended to niaintain them on an efficient footing. With regard to the militia, no regiment had heen recently embodied for service, and, if any had been called out for training and exercise, it mnst have been one of the disembodied regiments called out in the usual way, according to act of Parliament. CUSTOMS' DUTIES AT SPANISH PORTS. Mr. LIDDELL asked, whether the attention of Her Majesty's Government had been called to the refusal of the Spanish Government to refund to the firm of Messrs. Clementson (Newcastle-on-Tyne) the amount of the excess of duties levied at Tarragona, in October last, upon a cargo of iron shipped by them io that port; and whether, after the repeated remonstrances that had, heen addressed by Lord Howden to the Spanish Government upon the subject, Her Majesty's Government were prepared to take steps to insure the payment of the money, and to protect British merchants in future from the extortions of the Custom-house authorities of the Spanish ports 1 Lord PALMERSTON.-The matter to which the question of the hon. gentleman relates has occupied for a considerable time the earnest attention, both of Her Majesty's Government at home and of Her Majesty's Minister at Madrid. It is needless to enter into the merits of the case, because the justice of the claim was, after full investigation, entirely admitted bythe Spanish Government, and a promise was made that an amonnt over and above that which was exacted should be paid. I am sorry to say that up to the present moment that promise has not been fulfilled. Various excuses of different lands have been made; but my noble friend at the head of the foreign department saw yesterday, or the day before, the Spanish Minister at this Court, and he promised that immediate payment should be made. With regard to the general question, I am sorry to say that it is well known that the Spanish Government is not, of all Governments, the most ready to acknowledge and satisfy pecuniary claims (hear, hear) ; and though the present Government ought, from well-known facts, to be readynot to show favour to British claims (hear), but to do justice to them-for we never asked for more than justice^yet I regret to say that they have not shown that promptitude to afford satisfaction to the just claims of Britiah subjects wiiich might have been expected from anv Government, more especially from that which nowrules the affairs of Spain. (Hear, near.) I can assure the hon. member that no exertions will be omitted on the part of Her Majestj-'s Government either with respect to this case or to any case in which similar conduct may be pursued by the Spanish authorities. (Hear, hear.) BESSARABIA AND MOLDAVIA. Sir H. WILLOUGHBY asked the First Lord of the Treasury whether he would lay upon the table any map or plan delineating clearly the boundary on the north of the Danube between Bessarabia and Moldavia ? Lord PALMERSTON.-That boundary is so accurately described in the words of the treaty that if any hon. member will have the goodness to look at a good map of the districts he will have no difficulty in tracing it. Beginning from the Black Sea, something less than a mile to the east of Lake Bourna Sola, and running perpendicularly to the Akerman road, it follows that road to the Val de Trajan till it reaches the River Yalpuck. It then goes up to the Height of SaratEka, and terminates at Katamori on the Pmth. That boundary has yet to be laid down on the ground, and a commission is to be appointed for the purpose of going on the spot and laying it down. It leaves all the islands of the Danube on a parallel with the Pruth, and the lower part of the Pruth, as belonging to Moldavia. , Colonel FRENCH.-Are the islands at the mouth of the Danube to be restored io Turkey 1 Lord PALMERSTON.-They axe all clearly excluded from the Russian boundary, which is now considerably io the north of them ; they all belong to Moldavia. RUSSLiN FORTS ON THE BLACK SEA. Lord J. MANNERS.-I perceive in page 16 of the papers .-ffti.lil»Yetenl«appvatlieteWeoftt5hoT^»sut.avntcif % veiy important but brief discussion as to. the re-erection or othenrise of the Russian forts on the ejatern co»st of tho Black Sea. Certain of the plenipotentiaries insisted that thoee forts shonld not be rebuilt, but the Russian plenipotentiary seems to have taken a different view, and the consideration of the point was thereupon adijourned. I do Dot find the slightest reference in any future protocols to that important point. The questions which I wish to put to the noblelord are, whether that discussion was ever resumed ; if it were, with what result; and if it was not resumed, I beg to inquire whether the Russian forts on tlie eastern coast o£"" the Black Sea are to be rebuilt? (Hear.) Lord PALMERSTON.-There was a discusaon npon that question, but it led to no definite result; and there is nething in the treaty which relates to the subject. Lord J. MANNERS.-I wish to ask the noble lord if tfeat discussion is mentioned in any protocol i Lord PALMERSTON.-Eveiy discuaiion which took place in the conference of a formal character is recorded ia, the protocols. EIREWORKS IN CELEBRATION OF PEACE. In answer to Mr. Duncombe, Lord PALMERSTON said that the display of fireworks would take place on the Queen's birthday. On the qnestion for proceeding with the order of the day," Mr. DUNIOP complained that ten members hon. beea deprivedof the opportunity of bringing forward measures, on aocount of the adjournment of the debate on the fall of Kars. The only object of hon. gentlemen opposite ia supporting the adjournment of the debate had been to givo an opportunity for five or six speeches being made upon a ' subject which had been divested of all interest, and which had been virtually decided by the division on the motion for adjournment. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MALINS appealed to the noble lord to allow private members to proceed with their motions. He 1mn°Hf had two bills on the paper which were considered of great importance by the public and by members of the legS. profession, and if he were allowed to proceed with them they would not occupy more than an hour. Lord PALMERSTON did not think fiat he was th» proper person to appeal to. (Hear, hear.) He had beta perfectly willing to conclude the debate on the fall of Kars on Tuesday evening, but that debate had heen stopped bythe hon. and learned gentleman himself (hear, hear) who, after the House had decided by a large majority that the debate should not be adjourned, moved tliat the House donow adjourn. Considering the importance of the subject, he thought that it would be better at once to go on with the debate on the frill of Kars. F.ATiT, OF KARS. ADJOURNED DEBATE. The debate npon this question was then resumed by Sir B.LYTTON, who said-Sir, after the discussion which has taken place on the orders of the day, I feel it becomes me to assure the House, and more especially those gentlemen to whom my motion for the adjournment ofthe debate from Tuesday last has occasioned inconvenience, how wholly unconscious I was at the time that the motion would have been opposed by the noble viscount. I had no personal wish to gratify in moving the adjournment. It was not my intention then, nor is it now, to address ihe House at anygreat length. I was urged to make that motion by several gentlemen whose wish to prolong the discussion was entitled to respect. I looked to the opposite benches ; I saw many of the members most accustomed to adorn our debates who had not yet spoken, but who had been pointedly appealed to. I looked to the Treasury bench; only one Cabinet Minister, the Chancellor oE the Exchequer had addressed us, and that at an hour when the House was so empty that few indeed had been able to profit by his elaborate defence of the Government, or the interesting memoir of the Turkish loan by which that accomplished historical critic relieved the dreary chronicle of the decline and fall of Kars. At half-past 12 o'clocklhad, therefore, considered that the adjournment had become a matter of course, and I never was more surprised and vexed than when I found that a second time in my life-and this time, at least, innocently-I had occasioned to the noble viscount an angry excitement) which, whether genuine or simulated, overcame for the moment hie ordinary urbanity and polish Sir, the best amends I can make for my unintentiona offences is to condense as much as possible what I have t<> say, and deal as little as I can with familiar extracts from this book. Indeed, I would chiefly confine myself to what X hope willbefairrepliesto the arguments of hon. gentlemen opposite. Sir, the hon. and learned gentleman the member for Aylesbnry, who commenced by saying that he could make a much better defence for the Government than they had made for themselves, appeared to rest much of that defence upon an exaggerated estimate of the charge which s bronght against them. He said,-" He thoughtthey haft comrnittedserious mistakes, butthatitwasunfair to assert tha^i the fallof Kars was solely attributable tothe want of foresighi and energy onthepart of theBritishGovernment alone. That; proposition entirely passed over the French Government, which, after all, might have had some sliare of responsibility for that event." Sir, this resolution does not exclusively ascribe the fall of Kars to the English Government. If so, fair is fair; and the resolution would not have my vote. But the question is whether, among other causes, -he want of energy and foresight on their part did not, in great measure, contribute to that disaster. (Hear, hear.) The hon. gentlemanspeaks of France. Imay touch upon that point later. But here, in the meanwhile, is a crarespondence between an English Government and an English ambassador as to the due support to be given to an English commissioner from the date of September, 1854, to the date, we will say» of June, 1S55; and in all this France is not a consulting party. This commissioner had been sent not only to report onthe disorganization in which our Government already knew that the Turkish army had long been, but to use all means at his disposal to ameliorate its condition; and this very hook is published to show that our Govern. ment failed to secure to her disposal any adequate means whatsoever. That fact, whether or not the fault entirely rests with the Turkish Administration, the Government takes the greatest pains to establish from January 11,1855, when Lord Clarendon writes to Lord Stratford, "that little has been sent to Kars, with the exception of some ball cartridges,"to the date of the fall of Ejirs, November 2i (four days before the capitulation), when Lord Clarendon writes the letter which provokes so severe a comment from my hon. and learned friend the member for Enniskillen, "that that neglected garrison will have the satisfaction of knowing that their sufferings troubled the sleep and repose of the Turkish Ministers, who, in default of all ordinary measures of relief, never ceased to pray for their safety and success." And now, Sir, the question is whether there were not other Ministers besides the Turkish whose repose that neglected garrison might have trembled, and whom tha default of all ordinary measures of -relief inight have inspired, not only with the piety of prayer, but the humility of repentance. (Cheers.) The hon. gentleman the member for Aylesbnry referred to the despatches of Lord Clarendon with great praise, and my hon. and learned friend the AttorneyGeneial, as well as the hon. member for Leominster, seemed to think those despatches a sufficient proof of the energy and foresight of the Government. Sir, in much cf the praise bestowed on these despatches I heartily eoncur. (Hear, hear.) I think many of them excellent. I grant that jf despatches alone could have saved Kars Lord Clarendon would have saved it. (A laugh.) But if one thing should be more clear thananother to theex cellent understanding of those hon. gentlemen, it is that despatches alone were of no avail whatsoever, and that the inventive genius ofthe English Govemment should have devised some other mode for the defence ofKars and the security of Asia(Cheers.) LordClarendonfaithfullyreports toLordStr&tford General Williams's complaints. He wants cavalry, gunners, artilleryman, reinforcements, ammunition, provisionsabove all, he wants money. Lord Stratford very fully ex« plains that for all these purposes the state ofthe Sultan's revenue is wholly inadequate, and very lucidly shows that corruption and peculation, having been the habit for generations of an Eastern Government, cannot be reformed in a day, no matter how sincerely the Porte may desiro it-cannot be reformed in time for you ts rely en that reformation for the safety and defence of Kars. Lay what blame you will on the inherent vices of the Turkish administration, still one fact comes clear from this correspondence, and that fact the Chancellor of the Exchequer has failed to grapple with. It is said, as to reinforcements in the spring, you could not withdraw men from the Crimea. Granted. But, if men you had not, money yon had, and a moderate sum of English money placed at General Williams's absolute disposal would, in spite of ail the abuses of Oriental lethargy and corruption, have thrown into Kars ammunition and provisions sufficient to defy and outlast the Russian blockade. For how did Kars fall at last? Not for want of men ; it had at tho time of the capitulation a much larger proportional force than the besieging army. Every one knows that Kars was conquered by famine. (Cheers.) We are told tbat the Russian general would have raised the siege when Omar Pasha entered Georgia if he had not leamt from an Armenian spy that there were not more than a fortnight's provisions in the garrison. But while England was cheerfully taxing herself to the utmost to save his dominions to the Sultan, not a shilling of her money goes to the aid of the .English general who is holding the fortress on which those dominions and-not indeed in the opinion of tho learned member for Kilkenny, hut of Omar Pashathe safety of the Turkish capital itself may depend. For, says Colonel Simmoni! in a despatch to General Simpson, July 12, " The Government inform Omar Pasha if Kars should fall there is no force to prevent the Rus-iane marching directly upon Constantinople," and Omar Pasha. credits that information. Surely, the Chancellor of tho
C OURT for RELIEF of liNSOLVENT DEB3TORS. -See notice at the endi-Tho following persons, who on their saeverl Petitions tiled in the Court, brevTe obtained interim ordters for Protection from process,ar-erequiredto appear in Court as hereinafter mentioned, at the Court-house. in vortugal-street, Linpoolas-inn,as follows, to be examinued and dealt with according to the Asatute :- On Mondalr. the 19th May inst.. at 11 o?clock precisely, before ObjeE BeniamuLosy. Commissioner law. BnmiLv.formerly of 4.Frederick-place.OldKent-rogd,Surry. dealer in glas% and china. also genieral dealer, then audnaow ot same place, out of business or employ. James Cool. formerly of Silent-street, Ipswich, Suiffolk, greengrocer, lodging-housle-keeper, and journeyman coachTmaker toa the Eaote'n Union Ra'lway Company at Ipsiwich, then of 2. P'aul-street, Stratford, then of l. Chapel-street. Stratford, then of Stratford New-town, then of S. David's-street, Stratford New-town, then of S. Fraucis-street. MFaryland-point, Stratford. all in Essex, journeyman coachmaker to the Easterni Counties Railway Company at Stratford aforesaid, andl next and now of 7 and S. Francis-street aforeatad, joumrneman coaghmaker to the Eastern Comnties Railway Company as aforesaid, and lodging-house-keeper, wife general shopkeeper. John Hawlins, formerly of 35. Cannon-street. Back-road.St.Georges.- in-the-East, hoot and shoe maker, andl desler ins pattens and clozs. and now of 19, Careadish-street, New NTorth-rsjad, Hoxton, both in Mfiddle. sex, boot acid shoe mak-er, Julius William Cole, formerly of 3. Park-laue. Liverpool-rosa, WiwiutOni. afterwarda 01 10, NWite Conduit-street, Pentonville, atterwaris of 49, 'Cloudesley-te rmrae. Islngton, aforeadd. afterwards of 3. D)alston. terrce.Dalton Ifcliey, afterwards of 4, Bath-place. Dalgton, afore. mai, aterarf o 2,Daltonplae,Daleton, aforesaid, al in Mfiddle. aex an d'rig al tat im an al such residernces a clerk- in the Femliy buttoreeictn r aHretiringeaslanfrocomthetsad coooatcommul known as Felix Hue), formerly of Il1, acid late of 7, Duke-street, Grosveur-qna-e Midlse, cmmssin get, if caryngon the bustnessof miline an drssmaer.as adam Ru. nw aprisoner in Jams Iobets.resdin at5. orflk-tret. Fit7roy-sqsrare. Mary~ lebne,caryig o bsInss t wanyar. 2. t. arin'-loe,Chartor oficrs barak hess nd aneen, ndletting apartments on Josph -Walker, of Weybridge, Surrey. boot and shoe makrer. previonsly, of Hampton Court-green, Middlesex, boot and shoemaker, andl for a short tinme also beer-shop-keeper, wife also a haberdasher at same 'place. On Friday, the 16th of May inst., at 1i o'clock-, before Ttr. Commit.- sioner Phillps. George Hiogg, formerly of I, Olainchester-street. Gray's-inn-road. tea-, dealer, grocer, cheesemnonger, sadgeneral shopkeeper, part of the time, also traveller to a wholesale cheesemonger, then andl nowr of4iS. Actonstret,Gra's-nn-oad boh i Midleex,traveller to a wholesale Edwmard Liteorserlyton Tucerkntownandt tradin asEodwar Tucker, lafterofa14, Gove-. aplae, Listreobhx-grev.Padngtn anidlehavingoa plat ofusieness at 4SS Qureen-street. Edoreware-hrtad cithen and noe eDof8 ofMiltn-sreet Dorset-Sqn udre D-yebonet allinMidl5e, Alenvelg-srop. nasnuf,acturerer Thomias Litte,. formerly of Shonetfo-tros, llKn-road, SeBvargurvey. afterwards he of 12. ?loorpechetreet,eethsout-gehn Midgldleer oaw tin of artBloemisatd-stMrpeesoth-re aforesai.theno shir Haetterin te. eingofamesr. tmtoses, Soen, and Davies, 14 Eand-sr15, idatoHyg-parkSratfond Saturdayd, tho1th ofMa insex, carte 1an'clock, beoroaramenCor. Willam Agooch. Rormernyofn, foeerlfor-od De Wee-auvk.-eHarp3ew, ofe o 11,3Bl Homlend-streetsut aftzoresaid. re then anno of 2 0 ae-pae ns Glandte-tree,Goad c'i idestexat, then oft2,Larngthio idleexrntitet,W st Hm ford' andforesaid,bth pinters. apneradunmncretr Jrseph Facey. formerl- ortho Ps-inre Albert, Alpha-ptreet,Parkroad, Peckcham, beer-shopkeeper, and porter to the South-Eastern RAIl. 'ay Comspany, and nos,- of 3, High-park-crescent, Walworth, both In,SureyDprter as aforesaid. CotsFamnelL formerly a prisoner in the Queen's F'ilson. then of 4, AlbanY-road, Old Kent-road, Surrey, having an offie at 9, hititeraquae, Leadenhall-street, Lndon, agent for the sale of eolonialqri-' dure, thenx of 1G. MEanor-street, High-street. reckbam, then of3. Wsrmnertreet, Dover-roat,Newington, Surrey. out oftusiness,then of 55. Lower Thames street, London. and now of S. Wellington-place West India-road lilmehonse, Middlesex, dealer inaUlkinds of ships st)res. Charles lieerhey. formerly of Wilton-mews, Brlgrave-aquare. beer shopkeeper, then of 9, Hiart-street, Grosvenior-squatre, out of business and employ, wife keeping a confectioner's, theni of 42, Gower-street. Tottenhamn-court-road. gentlemani's coachman, then and now of 119. Mfoent-etreet, rlerkeley-squsare all in Middlesex. foreman toe a vary istable'Leeper. John Lrons MeLood, (commnonly knowen as J. Lyons isfeLeod.) formnerly and for about three munthes of Thomas-street Portsmouth, in the county of Haute, then and for about four rnont65 of 2, Graham- street, Stonehouso, in the county of Devon. midshipman in the hItyilNavy, then and for IS months ordered on foreign service, then again. and for about four months of _" Grahain-street, Stonehouse aforesaid, then and for three years and nanLfU Lieutenant in the Royal Navy, dret corm~mading the Adelaide, and theu commanding officer of the lRanger, onforeign serviceeon thee3asal of Africa. then and for about three mnonths of 12, 4Navarino-terrace, Greenwich, in the county of Kent. then and for about three months of Mlanor-terrace, Chelsea. then and for about 12 months of 26. Upper Seymour-tereet Plortmansquare,in the counityof-il[iddle3ex. then and for about four mouths of York-road. Laimbeth, in the county of Surry. Lieutenant in the Roy-al Navy on half pay, tlien andI for six months of Belmore Lodge, Stockwell, Surrey. then and for about three months of 25, Old Jewiy, in the city of Lonoen, i-a-ile there managing director of the CliiU Service, Miners', anda General Assuatince and Investment Association, anid also manain%g director of the Ancient Order of Foresters' Free~hold Land Society, ~the said Societies having officesat 25. Old Jewry. in the city of London. then and for about one Omonth of 111,Iiuke-street, Iiverpool, in the county of Lacacster, in no prof ession oremploy, thien and for about 12 monthsmnater mariner, andrcommanderGofthe ehip Haidee.veyagingto,aundstaying at, and returning from Quebe-c. Canad East. America. then and now and for eight months last post, of 7. Liszon-grose south,.Newv-road, Paddington, for Ilve days durIng such time aprisonter at Sloman's lock-up-house, Cursitor-street, Chaucerylanie, both in the cosmnty of Middlesex. manster maTiner, out of employ, during the whole tine known as iheutenant McLeod. On llonday, 19th -May inst., at U o'clock, before same Commissioner, Charles James Murray. formerly of the post-office, 3,Txbriage. Middlesex, dep-uty postmaster. then of Richmond-house, Richmond-sTreet, Berns-bay, Kent. lodgingr-bone-keeper, then of 3, Mathan-place, Rich. Mond-road, Isington, Middlesex, and nowi- of illingdou-road. Cowleyl Middlesex, ontot business. Jo'hn Nlalpleson (rued as J. Mlapleston) formzerly of 19 B. GeldensQuare, afterwards of 12, New Burlington-street. Regent-street, bothinx 2M1iddlesex capper and surgeont-dentist, letting lodgings, then of 42, Broad-street. Goldlen-square, acid now of 23, Argyle-street, Rtegentstreet, both in Mfiddlesex. cupper and surgeon-dentist, On Monday. NIar 19, at 11 o'clock. before Chief Commissioner lawr. T'homas Bond Compere. of 16. Cleveland-street. Mile-end-road Middlesex, havin papice of business at Grinstead-mills. Gr-istead-green. niear Halte, Essex, paper mianufacturer, and siart of the time tand whilt i busnes) intheempoy o Jaes Wld.mapengraver, of 2 Grineteacl-green aforesaid.ayig ~i N,B,1. Ay crditr ma attnd ad gveeidence. and -produce witesss, ppoitin an nlybe adebythe creditor in persn, or by ounel pperin fr hm, . Te ptitonand schedule, and all 3Crdtor's assignee may be coe codn otesaue ,Pp sosindebted to the said insletebrorspcilyo-hvnan of their effects, are to psy anddlvrtesmtoheofcaasin, being the provisional assignee of the Courzt, at the si or,adt n3o other persn, C OURT for RELIEF of IN SOLVENT DEBTORS. -ina*l Orders u-ill be mnade in the matter of the follon per sons, petitioners for protection from process, at tho Court-hons of the said Court, in Portulgal-street, Lincoln's-inn, unless cause be shown to the contrary, as fellows:- On Monday, the 19th of Mlay last,, at I . o'clock Precisely, before 3Mr. CommissIoner 1'hffiips. William Daviwon, late of cit. Kingeland-road Fausreditcli, boot and shoe maker, and now of 52, Middlesex-place, Hackney-road, both in Mliddlesex. out of bussiness z;Xnd employment. Wunia Kimin Burnman, formerly of 3o. condaut-street, Bond.street, assstat t a rugist, next of 14, Archer-street, Kensington-park, bthifnt d'dleex chyniist and druggist, part of theo theeo letiting -lodgings, next aLnd niow of 15. Archer-sIredt aforesaid, at samne time renting aroomnat; 23 in tlo2aid Areet. deales-in drugs. John Morgan Smith, formerly of 4, Bartlett-street, Si. I&conard's. road, Bromley. Middlesex. i co-partnership with William Paynecs,cr penter.and builder.aSmi'th and Palyne, nextof the Comsnercla.wharf, A3 Bartlett-treet, aforesgaid,. in eo-partnership as aforeaad, afterwardx and now of same Place, journeYman and foreman in sense trades and. latterly also a superintendent of repairs tobhouses. John Miickle, of S. Thornton-street. Southwark, Surrey, boot and abheemlk-er. and dealer in waterproof clothing, and part of the time renting a shop at 29, Thornton-street aforesaid. 'William George Death, known and seed aslVilliino Death, formerly of 7, Welinton.ten-Ace, Lower-road, Rotherhithe. Surrey foremaanto a buider, ten of 2, Arms Cottages, back of Wadldon-road, Croydon SUrreY. trading in co-Partnership with Alfred WaLterer, under tb6 dirm and style of Death and Waterer, as buiidems afterwards of 17. Londonroad, Croydon, Surrey. trading ua aforesaid. and now of 36, Crescent. road, Park-road, Claphat, Surrey joreyman carpenter. Henry HaIrs, of 7, Etha- lac, ennt-shreet, Newingcon, Surrey, l-roebmalker. Of April, 86 when no day vwan named for making the fdua order, U-il apper again on Friday, the 16th day of Maynext, and app for Orders of Protection and discharge unader? 7and S V'in, c, 96, saec. 2), All creditors may oppose.- (fOUT fo RELEF o INSLVET DEBTOESq, 'J-uxter eaing Setio 2,-Wllim Rrtett whowsasheard in heCout f hs- ComisioerPhiileothe 17th asyof December, J6t TdAyofMay86 and appl forordaetrsoft prha t hand 15iyesirg undr 7and8 Yn, . 9, se. 9,2. A l cediorsmaybppatcouset adoluner he Irumsancs. heyhae geateciiheafor inducin mpo PERSONS in DEBT and INSOLVENTS. -M. .LPA MOR, Sliclor f te Isolentand Superior Law`Courts sinc 182, mmeiatly rliees ersns romdifriculties, obtaius them protctin fr teirperonsandproert, ad cnducts their cases TEBTS RECOVERED, claims rsctd acounnts D.LinTestigated. searches made at home. o h otnn of Europe. aid in the colonies, bY Alr, Dli DE&NJIY freg law agen; (etaliled I53), X,lorthumbecianql.s-,rt,Stad
LONVDONY, FRIDAY, MrAY 2, 185G. In the House of Commons yesterday, after a short discussion arising upon the motion of Lord R'UrzrasTo. to postpone the other orders of the ,day until after the adjourned debate upon the Fall of Kars, the debate was resumed by Sir B. LymoN, who, in supporting the original motion, said he should confine himself to a fair reply to the arguments employed on the other side of the House. Admitting, as he did, the ability of Lord CLAnm;Dox's despatches and Turkish ml-administration, there was, he contended, one fault attributable to the British Government from which the CHNxcmtou of the ExCHEQuEvR had vainly endeavoured to free them; if a moderate sum had been placed at the disposal of General Wiimks, a fortress aclknowledged to be the key of Asia Mhinor, which had been conquered, not by force, buit by famine, would have been saved. In other respects, he argued that the <disaster was to be traced to a deficiency of energy and foresight in the Government ; they had left the General to the consequences of the corrupt system of wich they were aware, and when an army was to be sent to his aid were astute in discovering objections in respect to the route, and perplexed the operations by conflicting orders. When he was asked what -vas the Government to do, he asked in return what had, they done ? If he admitted that they could not have written better, he insisted that they could not have acted worse. There might be other causes for the siurrender of Kars, but the main fault restedi vith the MnrNssTr of VAR,. M1r. V. Suimm complimented Sir B. L=roN upon 'the mild and moderate tone of his speech, which he lcontrasted with the violent and vituperative address of MNlr. WlrsrTs-. Although he lamented, he said, the calamity of Kars, it was one of the accidents of the war, and the question was whether all had not been done under the circumstances to prevent its fall, considering that Sebastopol was the primary object, and the energies of the allies should not have 'been wasted upon a less important one. He denied that the Government was culpable for not recalling Lord ;3XA4ToED, and he defeided them against the charge of having been deficient in either foresight or energy, reminding the House that the operations of the war must be judged as a whole, and with a proper -appreciation of its peculiar difficulties. Even if, in the management of alliances and in the midst of obstacles, the Government had committed slight errors in reference to the fall of Kars, they would confidently appeal to the representatives of a generous people to allow those errors to sink into oblivion, if the war had been upon the whole well conducted, and a peace had been weeU concluded. After a few- remarks byMr. VA-isnrrAnT in favour of the motion, Captain L rAm'w, in argcung against it, expressed his opinion that the plan of the Government for the relief of Kars, of sending a force by Trebizonde to Erreroum, and thence to Kars, was practicable, and !might have succeeded, and that the route chosen by OmAn PASHA, through an enemy's country, to Kutais, was a faulty one. Throughout the attempts to relieve Kars, he thoughtthe Government had acted, in a military point of view, wisely and well; but that they were blameable in not supplying General Wm.Tr.Nzs with money. Colonel DtrN-E, on the other hand, insisted that the proper mode of relieving the fortress was by a march upon the communications of General Mlou&VIEFF, that the route of Trebizonde was not practicable for cannon, and that that chosen by OMAit PASHA was a wise and proper one, and, though coninenced too late, his expedition very nearly succeeded. He had no doubt that the blame of the fall of Kars rested upon the War Department, which deserved, in his opinion, the censure of the House. Mr. CowAx said he should give his cordial support to the Government in resisting the attack levelled against them, which was both impolitic and ungenerous. Mr. LiDDmL supported the amendment, believing that the taking of Kars had a great bearing upon the question about to be discussed-the termns of the peace. Sir J. GRnAri said he had some doubt with respect to the vote it was his duty to give upon this occasion; but he thought the rule a safe one to do as he would be done by, and, having been a responsible servant of the CRowN during the early part of the war, he was bound to remember the diffliculties which HunER 1IJESTY's Government had had to contend with, and to be actuated by that recollection in a case of doubt. Experience [proved that it was a most difficult operation to conduct a great war by a combined force under a divided authority. Adverting to Mr. LaYArxD's attack upon Lord ABERDEEN'S Government, which he characterized as most unjust, and to the hard dealing which Lord CLAREXDox had experienced, who was only the organ of the Cabinet, he stated the course taken by the Duke of LNEVwcAsrE and Lord ABERDEENs's Government with reference to the Asiatic frontier of Turkey and to Kars, and he read extracts from despatches showing, he contended, the earliest indication of foresight npon this point. The substance of the blame imputed to the Government he assumed to be this,-first, that having reason to be dissatisfied with the conduct of Lord STRATFORD DE REDCTiTE, they failed to recall him; secondly, the having omitted to send timely aid to Kars. He agreed with the ArTorN-GEN-xnAL that the concluct of Lord ST}4TFoRD had been reprehensible, and that the misunderstanding between him and General Wnir.&is was not conducive to the good of the service; but, on the other hand, the past life and the great services of Lord STRATFORD must be remembered. With regard to the other point, there could be no doubt that there was an indisposition on the part of the French Government to dimiDish the force in the Crimea until the capture of Sebastopol was secured; anld, although he did not say, nor would the Treasury bench maintain, that no error had been committed, in a situation of danger and dificulty, it would be a bold measure on the part of the House of Commons, after the result, to censure the Government for an exercise of discretion. With respect to pecuniary assistance, he must say some blame did attach to the Government. He thought that if a credit had been opened in favour of General WirxiArs, either with the Ambassador or with the Treasury in England, to the amount of 100,0001. or 200,0001., it would have amply supplied Kars with all the necessary provisions. He thought likewise that OMrAR PAS1IA midght have been allowed to withdraw the Turkish veterans, and that their place might have been supplied with the Turkish Contingent. There was another point :-with every desire to maintain the French alliance in its full integrity, he thought too much had, not unnaturally, been conceded to objections not well founded. He came now to the vote he should give. If the previous question had been moved, he did not know that he should not have voted for it; but he could not regard the amendment, which asked merely for delay, inthat light. He could not consider the motion as an abstract question-if it were, he could not vote for it; but it must be looked at with reference to circumstances and to time. All the principal objects of the war had been fully achieved, and it would be ungenerous to the Administration, in such circumstances and at that time, to declare them unworthy altogether of the confidence of their countrymen, and that they had failed in foresight and energy. He should, therefore, not vote for the amendment, and he should give his negative to the original motion. Mr. DISnAEIr, after vindicating the title of the fate of liars to the consideration of the House, and repelling the charge that the motion was the offspring of factious motives, demurred to the statement of the question put by Sir J. GRAHAM. He did not consider that the conduct of the Ambassador constituted a moiety of it. An attempt had been made, before the blue-book appeared, to represent Lord STRATFORD DE REDCLzcrB as the cauise of the disaster; but,although he (Mr. DisRAEiX) did not vindicate his conduct with regard to Commissioner WmLLTArs, the motion did not bring it before the House to be branded by its verdict. Mr. WnrrSIDE: acting upon a constitutional principle, said to the Government, "If Lord STBATFORD sinned so grievously you did notrecall him2, and you are thereforeresponsiblefor his conduct." Admitting the conduct of Lord STRATFORD to be what it was alleged to be, the present Administration found General W=LaLZ.Ius in a satisfactory position in respect to authority, and what did they do for him? Did they assist him with men ? Russia had all at stake at Sebastopol, yet she could defend the Crimea, and at the same time invade Asia Miinor while the Eniglish Government, with all the resources of this country at their command, could not send 18,000 or 20,000 men to aid General WiLmAms. Biut, if they did not send men, did they send money ? Not a single piastre. Was all the money -wanted at Sebastopol ? A Turkish loan had been raised; wlhat was done with that money ? Not a piastre went to Kiars. If it was not furnished to Tirkey in time, why was not the loan proposed before? But what need of a loan? The Cabinet might have subscribed the money. The present Administration had pledged themselves to conduct the war with vigour; had they done so? Where was their foresight or their energy proved? General WILm_Ams told the Govermuent on the 5th of March what was wanting-to save iars. How did they they treat the request? It was tossed from office to office. Was that energy? InJuly theW WbMNIsTBR assiured the House of Lords that Turkey was able to protect herself. Wasthat foresight? AVith respect to the motion, which was justified, he said, by the concessions of the Ministers themselves, it had been brought forward at the desire and with the concurrence of all who acted with bir. WHiTEsiDE in public life. Lord J. Russ= said he thought the House would be disposed to view the war as a whole, and consider whether, having undertaken to defend Turkey for the present and to obtain some security for the future, these objects had not been fully obtained. He was of opinion that the Governments of France and England had acted with foresight and energy in delining to order the Turkish troops to leave Eupatoria and Balaklava without the consent of the allied Generals, and thereby risking success at Sebastopol. He congratulated the present Govermuent upon the fact that a war conducted with success had been ternminated by an honourable peace, and he could not but believe, he' said, that it would redound to our honour that we had, in the time of her danger, fown to the succour of Turkey, without the prospect of any reward but the satisfaction of obtaining the independence of a friendly Power, and thereby securing the balance of Europe. Lord PALMRSTON reproached Mr. WnrrzsDa with attempting to show that the object of the war was to defend India against a Russian attack; whereas we had entered into the war, he aserted, for European- interests alone, totally' unconnected with those of our colonie.! The main part of his speech, however, Lord PATmzRSTOWN observed, was devoted to a vituperation of Lord STRATFORD. Be lamented that the Ambassador, through a pressure of business, should have craitted to answer the letters of General Wmnrisos; but he had done everything which ourAmbassador at Constantinople could do, and being the fittest man for the position he occupied, a Government which recalled him on the ground of such omission,.though it might boast of its energy, would not be praised for its foresight. The chief charge against the Government was, he observed, that they did not send zaen and money to General WiLLmAms. But it was atotal misrepresentation to say that we undertook to carry on the war in Asia. The Administration of Lord ABERDEEf decided, and wisely, that in a war with Russia for the defence of Turkey the part to strike at was Sebastopol, the great centre of the Russian power as aggressive against Turkey, and that it was futile to assail its extremities. The real cause of the fall of Kars was the want of provisions and of a relieving force, and the cause of the want of provisions was the misconduct of the Pasha of ERzxfou.-&, who had sufcient money to purchase an adequate supply of provisions for Kars, but who omitted to pay the carriers, and the supplies fell into the hands of the Russians. In justifying the route for the relief of Kars chosen by the Government, Lord PAnMERsToN pointed out its comparative facilities, observing that it wasnot only calculated to turn to account the forces of OQAn PASHA but had this advantage-that if the expedition failed in relieving Kan, it would provide for the supply and defence of Erzeroum. In reply to the objection that the Turkish Contingent should have been employed in the expedition, he insisted that it would have been madnessto exposerawtroops against a Russian force, either at Redout K3aleh or in the Crimea, and that the Government were right in upholding the decision of the Generals, who declined to allow any of their troops to be talk-en from Sebastopol before it fell. He was willing, he said, to admit that the course of the Opposition during the war had been most creditable to themselves, and in accordance witl the generalfeelingof thecountry; but in this motion they had chosen a moment when a war which had been conducted with admirable energy had been brought to a close to propose a vote of censure on the Government-a vote which was not more at variance with the general feeling of the country than the division of that night would show it was at variance with the general opinion of the Rouse of Commons. Mr. VurrESIDr having made an energetic reply, and Lord PARinsTo a brief explanation, the Eouse div ded, when M. B. Sn 's amendment was negatived by 451 to 52, and upon a second division the motion of Mr. WETrSIDE was negatived by 303 to 176. The other orders were disposed of, and the remaining business having been gone through, the Rouse adjourned at 25 minutes to 2 o'clock.
The debate on Ears has at length been brought to a conclusion, and Mr. WnrrEsmis'S motion has been rejected by a triumphant majority. Men ordinarily sanguine had talked of 70 or 80, but 303 to 1i6 members refused to censure BEnisters for the loss of Kars. The amount of public interest which has been bestowed upon the debate has been but slight, because we were all along dealing with foregone conclusions. Everybody mnew that the discussion could have no consequences. The main question was inextricably involved with the future interests of the country, with the interests of party, and the interests of individuals. The play, too, was played out. ICars is fallen; but, on the other hand, the Russian war is at an end. Nothing consequently was more simple than to represent 'this untoward event as one of those inevitable vicissitudes of war upon which it would be idle to dwell. Nothing, we will even say, was more rational than to declare that neither vindictiveness nor a feeling of just indignation must be allowpil to affect our calculations for the future. If we view this question from the historical point of view, and place it in the light in which posterity will most probably regard it, it is no very difficult matter to refer the blame to the true culprit. The opinion of all thinking men who I have bestowed any degree of attention upon the papers connected -with Kars has been throughout that to Lord STLATFOr'D DE rmDcLrrns private animosity and petulant impatience of control the fall of Kars must be mainly attributed. NTeither Mr. WIHITESIDE, with his vast powers of protracted speech, nor Sir BuTLER LYTTON with his elegant rhetoric, nor BMr. DIsRATTI with his pungent sallies, could convince the House that th1e QUEN's BMinisters in London are resDo'nsible for this most calamitous incident. With no particular anxiety to defend the acts of the Administration throughout the late war-and we think we have proved ourselves remarkably clear from all such prepossessions-vwe are bound to declare that Lord CLARsNDON and his colleagues appear to have done their best to carry relief to the beleaguered city. All their remonstrances with the military leaders at the seat of war were met with an answer which it was impossible to controvert. They were told, in reply to all their importunities, that the capture of Sebastopol rnight be imperilled by any' diminution of the besieging force. To divert any force frora the Crimea was to weaken the chances of success. As it has turned out, the Generals were mistaken on this point, as they were mistaken upon a good many others; but he is a bold man who will venture to assert that had he been in the place of Lord PAmERsToN or Lord CLAnRM-Dox-had he been charged with the responsibilities of decision upon so momentous a point, he would have dared to disregard the requisitions of the leaders in the Crimea. If there be any man who can conscientiously say that at the time, and with such means of information as then existed, he would have done this, we admire his audacity rather than envy his judgment. The only argument which can at all be brought to bear with effect against the leaders of the Administration is that, inasmuch as they have not summarily dismissed Lord STRATFoRD from his post, they have made common cause with him, and are therefore answerable for his nisdeeds. Now, Minister after Minister has broadly stated his disapproval of the course taken by the Ambassador at Constantinople, and Lord Cx,A.nsDox, as Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, has addressed a series of rebukes and reprimands to Lord STRATFORD the like of whlich cannot be found in the archives of the Foreign-office as addressed by a Foreign Minister to a diplomatic servant of the C.RowN. Short of pronouncing a sentence of summary dismissal against the offending envoy, they could not well have gone much further. It may be said, "Why did you not go further ?- "why did you not instantly dismiss your self-willed "and rebellious agent from a post in which he had "effected so much mischief T' The reason was that Ministers were placed in the midst of difficulties, and had to make their choice among many eviJs. Had they called Lord SrnTArouD home when the fact of his defiance of their authority was clearly established they could not have saved Kars, but would have materially compromised the interests of this country in the East. Abominably as Lord STRATFORD has behaved with regard to General I WILLIAMIS and throughout the whole affair of Kars, in other respects he has undoubtedly promoted the views of his Government in a most efficient manner. There is not another diplomatic servant of the English Government who could have wrung such concessions from the PoBTE as Lord STRATFORD has recently done. If these concessions are realities, and not mere fictions, a greater step has been taken to bring Turkey. within the pale of Europeau civilization thau at any former period o our connexion w with the Su6r'T@S' Go.vernment.. What thefi ' Because Lord STProRD had made 0o fearful a blunder, not to say had so grossly violated his - duty. with reference to the war in Asia, were ve to depriva ourselves of an agent who might redeem his fault by invaluable service g These reforms -which he has solicited or extorted from the PorT-P must be watched over and nursed, if they are to be carried out in practice. Lord STRATFOntD is tlte best public servant upon whom the office can be cast, and the very defects which led him into such grievous error may absolutely become qualities under different circumstances. Let Lord STRAToDrr but deal with the reluctant statesmanship of Turkey as' he has dealt with the heroic defenders of Ears and their valiant General, and the reactionary party at Constantinople will find him a very unpleasant opponent. Lord STrOu)PD was determined that General VILLIAMS shonld be left to his fate, and he was left to his fate. He appears equally resolved that the PORTE shall carry the recent concessions into full operation, and we have good hope that he will irritate and coerce his antagonists into compliance. Let no one, however, think that Lord Sr&rTFORD DE: RPnDcLavE has escaped without punishment. It is no light matter that a man at his peliod of life and with so high a reputation should have forfeited the respect and confidence oI his countrymen. It is not a slight thing that Minister after Minister should speak in stern disapprobation of his conduct, and that the SECRrETAy OF STATE, should have reprimanded him as the president of a couri-martial repriuands an offending subaltern. Let Lord STRATFORD DE RPncDcLra case himself as he will with an ouitward show of disdain and indifference, but that irritable temper and that arrogant heart have been shrewdly wrung by the indignant reproaches of his countrymen. This is the moral of the debate, which was so happily brought to a conclusion last night, and the House also pronounced, by an unmistakeable majority, that it -was preposterous to make the QuEN's Ministers responsible for the acts of an individual whom they retain in the public service from mere motives of policy, irn which British interests much maore than their own predilections are concerned.
The peace which has just been proclaimned terninates a war more remarkable for its humane conduct than its military skill. If future critics have to comment upon the little science that distinguished the strategy of either side, and the small genius which so strikingly contrasted with the vast material resources of the belligerents, they will comment no less upon the extraordinary humanity which has mitigated the usual horrors and the great moderation which has waived the wonted rights of war. The contest with Russia began by our renunciation of the right to seize hostile goods under neutral flags, an allowance of reasonable time for Russian vessels lying in our ports to clear out, and a refusal of letters of marque. The contest ends with a formal declaration of the Plenipotentiaries at the Paris Conference that the , principles above enumerated ought henceforward to govern the internatinnal relations of their respective States. They declare their solemn opinion that privateering is and remains abolished; that a neutral flag covers enemy's goods, except contraband of war; that neutral goods, except contraband of war, are not liable to capture under an enemy's flag; and that blockades, in order to be binding, rmust be maintained by a really effective force. These are great deviations from old principles and established practice, and they are deviations commenced by the authority and the example of this nation. Whatever they may contain politic or merciful or just is due to English policy and English moderation. Whether the " declaration" be afflrmed or not by the States which are represented by the Plenipotentiaries who subscribed it, England will be expected to adhere to the course which she has once adopted, and to face the consequences which she can hardly have failed to foresee. And, in truth, England is more particularly and immediately interested in this question than any of the other States whose diplomatists are parties to the compact. *When, at the beginning of the war, she renounced the right of privateering, she abandoned a privilege which was more profitable to her own people than to any other, except, perhaps, the French. When she consented to respect an enemy's property under a neutral flag and neutral property under a hostile flag she waived a prerogative which was more important to her than to any other people without exception. We speak not of the technical right as decided by our own Admiralty Courts. Judges are always conservative ; and opinions once pronounced in favour of a maritime privilege would gain force in each succeeding age, and adhesion in each successive war. Bat we speak of the material and mercantile advantages secured by such a law. The dictates of the most obvious patriotism demanded the sacrifice of all that could be converted to hostile uses; commercial jealousy no less strongly demanded the destruction of commercial rivals. The English navy swept the seas with a power commensurate to the exigencies of patriotism and the promptings of rivalry. Was it strange that, with the power to vindicate maritime greatness and crush the aspirations of naval competition-with the formalized traditions of venerable tribunals sanctioning a custom which dated from the era of modern warfare-this nation should not have hesitated to perpetuate a custom which, if harsh or cruel, was certainly not inconsistent with the normal harshness and cruelty of war I The theory on which such a practice was founded is clear enough. A hostile vessel which carried neutral goods was rivalling us in the carrying trade of Europe. It was gaiing, p1'o tCanto, from neutral nations certain profits, a proportion of which would eventually swell the resources of the enemy with whom we were at war. A neutral ship carrying hostile goods likewise was encouraging the commerce, extending the relationst and indirectly augmenting the wealth of the foe. In either case the enemy was benefited by the impunity and damnified by the stoppage of such trafric. And, as it was sapposed that the great object of war was to cripple him most effectually, and in the greatest number of ways, public opinion confirmed the sanction given by international law to a custom which inflicted many indirect evils of war on those who were not directly engaged in it. Opinion is now changing, and the practice has already changed. As we said before, we are more interested in this change, and more affected by it, than any other European nation. None other has such vast means as we possess for preventing or ptnishing the conveyance of neutral goods in enemies' ships, or "aemies' goods in neutral ships. An armed neutrality would protest in vain against suich a power if we chose to retain it. We could continue to exercise it against the wishes and the maritime resistance of combined Europe. The reason for abandoning it, therefore, must be sought elsewhere than inourpolitical weaL-ness. Whether the reason, when found, be equally satisfactvay to all persons is another question. Indeed, this is only part of a largw subject. Whnt is the extent to which it is tdient es: legitimate to injure an enemy in time of :war, by land'or bysea? .. . If it were perfectly clear, beyond-all doubt or cavil, that the shortness of a war and thc, certain attainment of its objects were directly proportioned to' the suffering it entailed on that Government or nation which occasioned the contest, then it would be just to insist upon the greatest carnage, the greatest destruetion of property, the greatest diffusion of rmisery, that either side was capiable -of bearimg or imposing. rom such a general prelise it would naturallyfollow that all non-combatantsof whateyerage,condition, or sex-shouldbeexposed to the worst horrors of pillage, rapine, cruelty, and revenge, until one of the contending Powers should yield to the cries of its own agonized subjects concessions which regular warfare had failed to extort. Towns sacked, villages burnt, fields laid waste, the inhabitants treated with insult, contumely,. and barbarity-suclh wouId be the prescription for huTrying war to a pacific end. It would be a complete exemplification of the doctrine of "Thorough." But would such a course invariably have such an end ? Did the wars waged on these principles in the middle ages inspire the contending nations with more pacific purposes, and facilitate the renewval and the perpetuity of peace M Were there no ranl;ings, no heartburnings, no remembrances of vioTated hearths, pillaged homes, and outraged families, that surv ved the perpetration of the atrocities from which they sprang, and sowed the seeds of other no less fatal wars? Did the Treaty of WestDhalia, which bore witness against the enormities of a most cruel struggle, bury the animosities to -which that struggle had given birth ? Is it not true that every contest which has been waged with equal and relentless inhumanity on either side has been renewed as soon as the two antagonists had recovered from their exhaustion ? So much for the doctrine of " Thoroug,h" as applied to warlike operations on land. Lilie religious persecutions, wars of this kdnd can only make a final peace when they maLe a perfect; solitude. Unless they can effect extermination their cruelties effect nothing. But how far does this apply to operations by sea? Privateering necessarily involves degrees of cruelty and harshness unmnown to the regular service, because it is free fromn the responsibilities by which the regular service is restrained. MIoreover, it subserves no national object and inflicts no national injury. It is on each side. an investment in a species of freebootiItg fraught with certain loss and pain to some individuals and corresponding gain to others. It can never, in an age of scientific warfare, touch the naval resources, or more than touch the mercantile marine of an enemy; and in an age which sees steam gunboats its former terrors are almost neutralized. As to the liberal concessions made to neutral goods and neutral flags, they are recommended by considerations similar to those which have led to the extinction of privateering. It is thought, and certainly with some show of reason, that to injure a number of unoffending private merchants and shipowners is neither a very dignified nor a very successful mode of assailing the State to which they belong or for which they are employed. Besides, such a practice involves in the consequences of war those who have no palt or concern in its origin or prosecution. These reasons are not without weight. But the real and true reason which should be urged is, that the councils of States and Governments are inspired with a purer spirit of humanity and a gentler courtesy than heretofore; and that men would fain narrow the arena of strife to the tented field, the leaguered city, and the ocean armament, rather than infest peaceful haunts w#th the violence, or peaceful occupations with the passions, of war. Till events shall prove their decision premature, humlanity will have cause to thank the Paris Congress for its declaration.
We doubt if there is any place in the world where, under the show of liberty, people suflfr so large an amount of material tyranny as in this metropolis. To gentlemen of free opinions the Inquisition is a very odious tribunal; the Italians have good reason to hate their Austrian masters; few laymen like to be.governecby priests; and the Christian descendants of MrIA&DEs may well dislike to be ruled bythefamily of anArabian impostor; but for a gross, palpable oppression, com3mend us to that which we Londoners suffer without resistance, and -with scarcely a complaint, atthe hands, or rather the tongues, of the criers, hawkers, and the whole tribe of costermongers. WVe never could make out by -what mysterious privilege, by what ancient compact, these people hold their noisy sway, or by what superstition we allow it. In the East a fanatic may take up his station before your gate and utter some religious shriek every five minutes night and day till you buy him off, and if you interfere you will have the whole population rise up to defend the holy man. Bu-t there is no such sentiment here, though for twelve hours out of the twenty four the infliction is much more severe. It is most preposterous, on the simple statement of the fact, that for several of the best hours of the day, including particularly those precious morning hours, wvhen too many are trying in vain to make up for late houls and sleepless nights, our streets should ring from one end to another, and our houses be penetrated through and through, with incessant cries, at the highest pitch of the vulgarest throats and the most practised lungs. The perpetual rumble of carts and roll of carriages are bad enough; but that is a necessary evil. Not so our street cries, or our street music. They are an entirely gratuitous aggravation of the disagreeables inseparable from a town life. We endure them simply as idle people endure dirt and vermin,-because we have not the moral energy to get rid of them. It is not only loss of comfort, it is loss of strength, loss of power, loss of that tranquillity which is necessary to all the higher operations of the mind; loss of self-respect, loss of elevation, loss of caste. The man who permits ruffians to bawl in his ear incessantly for his whole life is continually descending in the scale of e:istence. HoRAcE asks if a man can ever be brave again who has once endured - the lash, with his hands tied behind his bacl, and expecting every minute to be his last. We ask how a man can ever be good for much when for years he has been allowing people to scream incessantly in his ears. We admit there is a great deal that a man may do under a voUey of street cries. He can measure calico, weigh sugar, and at the furthrer end of the shop make out a longish bill; he can exercise the useful calling of a tailor or a shoemaker; he can read a catalogue of furnitnre or an obituary, or even a very interesting trial, without losing the most striking incidents; whatever, in fact, addresses itself at once to the senses requires only one impression, and does not depend either on a sustained sentiment or a closely followed train of reasoning. But we pronounce it wholly impossible to follow out any thought, or sustain any tone, or do any work requiring these things, while men are perforating your ears and stirring up your brains with sharp, shrill cres, carefuUy adapted to arrest and distract the atmn- I tion. WPe have read and comprehended an | elaborate programme of siege operations surrounded by the roar of artillery, we have even. slept under it, and we declare it to be easier than to do the same in any front room in a London stzeet infested with these cries, at least from S to, lM am. How, iadeed, is it possible for a man to follow- an argument at all abstruat or a train of reflection ait ~all out; of the commnn, when the drum of his ear is struck- at half-quar-rminute time with- some- shrill senseless cry? From aoDut a quarter to 8 these notes t4ke up one another, first at shorter, then at a little' longer interval, the whole of the day; but as soon as the sun rises-rather sooner, in fact,- if we are togo by the evidence of the senses-we have -" Dust !" " Water-sreses, " " Radishes," " Cauliflowers," " Old Clo," " Boxes," "Flowers," "Greer*," "Oranges," c"Mackerel," "Any ornamentsg for "your fire-screens " and twenty other cries, daily, weeldy, or occasionaL Thev particulady infest vhat are called, in grim sarcasm; -te "quiet streets. They are often incessant for hours. If the street is of an ordinary length ea&h cry lasts five or ten mninutes, during which all the operations of the mind must be suspended. MIany of the cries are in pairs, har-monized, of course, -with a view to still greater effect. Scarcely has one cry fadced on the ear than another talkes its place in the occupation and distraction of your resistless souL. NFow, all these cries and sounds, from " Clo" down to the horse-organ, are absolutely unnecessary, and, what is more, an offence against the first principles of social life in England, and coitrary to the most obvious considerations of public convenience. Bet anybody follow a costermonger down a street, and he will be sure to observe a shop for the sale of the very things which the fellow is bawling into your ears. The man's customers have only to go fifty yards, and they can buy what they want from a shopkeeper, who gets his goods in a known and honest way, who is at the pains to keep a regular supply, whho has a character to maintain and relatives to sapport, who pays rates and taxes, and very possibly helps to support the family of the fellow who it underselling him before his own door. The, usual excuse given is, that the shopkeepers are dear, and; don't deliver things at home except to good customers. But if they are dear, and if they cannot send things to small customers, it is because their trade is injured by rivals without half their expenses and with none of their responsibility. As to other things-the vegetables and flowers, there is everywhera within a quarter of a mile some shop wlere. an old coat will fetch its value, or where a pair of scissors can be ground, or a box bought, or any article whatever procured at its proper price.' After all, the customers appear to be very few. It: is a case of "great cry and little wool ;" for often and often have we heard a whole street disturbed by cries loud enough to wake the dead without leading to a single transaction. But, even if one thrifty housekeeper saves a penny by buying her brocoli or her oranges at her door, or if two or three do so, the saving is very dearly purchased at the expense of a hundred pairs of earsa. Further, all experience shows that it is unwise to allow this wandering, unsettled, irresponsible class -these Arabs of the street. They are as out of their place in London as Gipsies and other, tramps are in a civilized country. They aggravate all our social evils and spoil regular trade. The cases are frequent of careful, respectable people, of. the servant class taking small shops, and invariably failing, as they say, because no regular shop, unless it is for the gentlefolks, can stand against - the people with stalls and trucks. But in our place we think it quite as important to protect a higher interest-that of the literary, political, and professional class. There is a universal complaint that yon cannot do anything requiring close attention or uninterrupted repose in, London. Our legislators and wealthy tradesmen, and many that are far from wealthy, fly from London as soon, as of'en, and as far as they can. They must do so, for it is a condition of sanity and of very existence. The majority, however, have not this escape, and suffer in con- - sequence. Ml\any professional men, obliged to stay in town, have to send their wives into the country, whither they know they oughtto go themselves. Of course, there are other 'things injurious to health in this huge metropols, but sleep is a first necessity, and if that must be broken or curtailed there then arises a stil greater necessity for quiet, in mercy to the frame robbed of its due refreshment. But is it not a universal remark that all the depth of sentiment, all the originality of thought, all the eloquence, all the poetry, are to be found in the country, not in the town? So, at least, say the country people. Except here and there a newly-caught Ifishman, there is positively not one preacher of the most ordinary eloquence in all London. Go anywhere, to the best churches, where the selection has been iufettered and the patronage honestly exexcised, and you will hear unexceptionable statements illustrated by apt texts, but in a whole sermon not a word to quicken your pulse or give you the feeling 'of an opened understanding. Some people ascribe it to the sober and cautious influence of our prelates, but we believe it to be no such thing. These sermons are the very best that can be produced in the noisy, dizzy, scatterbrain atmosphere of London; and we~ really believe that if an angel were to try to compose a sermon here he would be found on Saturday night stringingtogether loose texts out of Cruden's Com,-orda;ce. No; London isgiven up to a lower order of intelligence, to less nobility of sentiment, to inferior grace of style. Cedunt arma iogce, and the toga itself must yield in its - turn to the shrill scream and stunning war-whoop of the costermonger. Perhaps London. would become too great, too fair, too noble, too powerful, without such drawbacks. Perhaps we unfortunate journalists would think and write too well. Perhaps evenourLegislature might become too powerfuL Perhaps a DmIrosTnEs might exasperate the conqueror from without, or a CIcEBo the destroyer of his country's liberties within. Perhaps we might rise indignant at the Horse Guards, and even higher influences. Hence the providential infliction which compels upon the best of us so pedestrian a tone. The gentry, indeed, have some esinpe, and in l;ondon some mitigation. In their large houses they can find quiet corners, and, at the worst, can be off to the country. It is the middle-class that submits to be dinned, stupefied, enfeebled, and vulgarized by the tyrant street crier. Volenti non fit iju,ria. If they choose to bear it they deserve the consequences.
WELLI1GTOx COLEOE.-We are authorized to state that, in consequence of the -anfavourable state of the weather, and the little apparent prospect of a change within the next 24 hours, HerMIajesty has been pleased to command that the ceremony of laying the first stone of the Wellington College, and the military review, which were to have taken place on Saturday, the 3d inst., be postponed until a day hereafter to be named, in the first week in June. CRYSTAL PALAcE.-Friday next, the 9th inst., has been fixed as the day for inaugurating the monument in honour of the Crimean Heroes, and tno Peace Trophy by the Baron Xarochetti, -which are now being erected in the Crystal Palace. The Queen and Prince Albert will be present on tha occasion, with a Guard of Honour composed of soldies wio have served in the -war. MIowEy-ORDE; Orricms AT MUALTA A,nD GisunAL TA.-The agents of this department at lalta and Gibraltar having been authorized to issue 3noney-orders on tho several money-order offices in the united kIngdom, postmasters are instructed to pay money-orders issued at Yita and Gibr2tar, provided t ey are in conforumity -with she regulation. The advices of all orders issud at Malt% rild be znade out at the Money-order office in London bhut the advises of orders issued at Gibraltr wil be made out on the usu- fom by the agent there, and no order must be pid unless the necessary advice shaUl have been receii-ei. ~Ta regulation is confined to the issue oZf mXoney-orders. and consequiently no orders must be dran u pon tle above 2nCftiOme4 PlCa-rFow LQ Nb beQertal.
FRA NC1 (FROM OUR OW-2 CORFRES1NODEN-T.) r}AKLK, 'IV EDNItD.Y, APRIL 30, 6 P.M. A private letter from Constantinople, emanating from a respectable source, confirms the fact of 3afet Effendi, Mustachar or Gouncillor to the Grand Tizier, being named Turk;ish Comtmissioner to the :Danabi3n Principalities. It is believed that he takes with him to Bucharest the firmans superseding the present Hospodars, Prince Stirbey and Prince tGhika. It is more than surmised that the Porte has resolved to abrogate the institution of the Hospodars as settled by the Treaty of Balta Liman, and to restore the ancient custom of nonination for life. Safet Effendi also takes with him the firmans convoking-theDivans ad hoc, who are to act in concert with the mixed commission in ascertaining the wishes and requirements of the Moldo-Wallachian population, and whiclh will be embodied in the report to be addressed to the Plenipotentiaries. The Commissioner for the French Government will probably be Baron Talleyrand, formerly attache to the French Embassy at Mradrid, the MIinister atWeirnar, and recently at Carisruhe. 3L Baudinl, Secretary of Embassy at London, wvas the person at first intended. I mentioned a week or two ago that the Porte intended to appoint a Provisional Government in the Principalities until the new reforms are arranged. The person to be placed at the head of this Governmaent will probably be Theodore Balche or Conatantine Negri. The stations to which French Consuls or Consular agents will be sent in the Black Sea are said to be Kertch, Cherson, Bakshiserai or Simpheropol, :Nicholaieif, and Taganrog, with, as before, a Con.3ul-General at Odessa. It is stated that two French divisions, and I pre.aune also English troops, will remain some time at Constantinople after the evacuation of the Crimea, perhaps with a viev to the repression of a rising against the Christians. The following private telegraphic despatches have beene received: "hMARSEILTJES, APRIL 29. "The Sinai has arrived,with dates from Constantinople to the 21st. ' The Presse dOrient annonnces that the majority of the inhabitants of Eapatoria are emigrating, through fear of being compromised, and similar movements are taking place in Abasia and 3lingrelia. " The emnbarcation of 40,000 men of the French army is still going on. " A large hospital ander canvass ba been established on rinace's Island, in order to expedite the cure of the sick. Another hospital, intended for the troops affected with scurvy, has been established at Raniitchiffik. "Several bankruptcies have taken place at Brailow. A railway is to be constructed between Smyrna and Aidin." "TRIESTE, AaPRIL 29. "By intelligence from Constantinople, under date of the 21st, it would appear that discontent prevailed on account of the quarantine of 40 days imposed on vessels arriving from the Russian ports of the Black Sea. "In Magnesia hostile intentions against the Christian population have been manifested." The Emperor yesterday gave a public audience to Count Orloff, who presented to His Majesty the letters of notification of the accession to the throne of Russia of the Emperor Alexandler II., and a letter of congratulation from that Sovereign on the birth of the Prince Imperial. The Emperor was surrounded by the MEnister of Foreign Affsirs, the grand officers of the Crown, and of Hlis Majesty's household. Count Orloff was conveyed to the audience in one of the Court carriages, and taken back to his hotel with the same ceremony. Earon Brunow, it is said, is to perform a similar mission in London. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 74f. 10c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 75c.; and the new Loan at 74f. 45c. Orleans Railway Shares, 1,400f.; Great Northern, 1,078f. 75c. ; Strasburg, 1,050f.; New Shares, 890f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,440f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,660f.; Western of France, 915f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 792f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 742f. 50c.; Lyon and Geneva, 805f.; Bank of Crddit Mobilier, l,730f.; Austrian Rail-ways, 930f. Ceurs 4Aiientique.-PARis, April 30.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), -93f. 30c. 50c. - ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 94f.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 94f.; Three per Centa., 73f. S0c. 85c. 90c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), T4f. 20c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 74f. 20c.; Credit Foncier, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f.- ditto Three per Cents., 405f.; Credit Mobier, i,730f. 1,727f. 50c. 1,730f., Piedmnontese Five per Cents., 93E.; Austrian Fve per Cents., 90f.; Belian Fourand-a-Half per Cents., 9.l; lRomans, 90; SpahInterior D~ebt, 40. >change on London, at sight, paper, 25f. 40c.; money, 25f. 38tc.; three months, money, 24f. 97Ac. PRUSSIA. (!BOs oUn OVwN CooEsRRFMonDrE.) BERLIN, APRIL 29. The Berlin wool fair will be held this year from the 21st to the 25th of June. We have news from St. Petersburg that the Emperor has issued a decree to disband the militia of the empire. In consequence of this measure 337 druschines, six regiments of Cossacks, and the Tartar cavalry that was raised in Kasan in the month of February this year, are al set free to return to their homes-in all 350,000 of the first and second levy. You will, doubtless, have already received telegraphic information from Vienna that news has been received there from Beyrout of the 14th inst., ta Constantinople, to the effect that a popular tumult had broken out in Nablous, a Syrian town situate to the north of Jerusalem (the ancient Sichem). I have received the followng authentic particulars, which have come direct from P,eyrout:-A tumult, accompanlied with loss of life, took place in Nfablous, in Samaria, on the 4th inst. The Mahomedan population rose up against the Christians: four persons were k;lled, and among them the father of the Prussian agent, Said Kawar. Eight other persons were wounded, The fanatical mob broke into the houses of the French and English agents, plundered and destroyed everything, and wreaked especial fury on the masts on which the national colours are usually hoisted. The Greek church was also plundered, the altars throvwn dolwn, and the books of the priests torn to pieces. Nearly all the houses in the Christian quarter have suffered a similar fate; one of the few spared is that of the Prussian consular agent; the father of the latter met with his death in the house of the English consular agent. Women and children have not been spared in the general attack, but have been grievously ill-treated. The incident to which this outbreak is attributed is, that an English traveller, out of patience at the importunity of a 3fahomedan beggar who was deaf and dumb, thrust him incautiously with the muzzle of his gun; the gun, which wvas loaded, went off, and the beggar was killed on the spot. This melanchoky event has been tiurned to account by a number of persons who, ill-pleased with the Hatti-Humayoun of February 18, and the equality of 3Iahomedans and Christians guaranteed therein, excited the Mahomedan population against the Christians; under the p-tfence that the Mahomedan religion was now abolished, they closed the mosques on Friday, the 4th inst., on the holy day of the week, and thus prevented the followers of the Prophet from performing their usual devotions. The multitude soon rose under the influence of this well-conceived irritation, but the Englishman whose incautiousness had brought about the disaster was not among those who fell a victini to their rage. He was protected from their fury by the Governor of the place. The outbreak appears not to have e_tended any fuirther, nor to have lasted longer than the one day ; a circumstance the more to be rejoiced at on account of the total absence of ally regular nilitary force, and the overwhelming majority of the Turks over the ahrstian in those parts. None of the many pilgrims who have this year visited Palestine at Easter dare now leave the well-frequented road between Jerusalem and Jaffa, - SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 25th April. The Gazette publishes the following letter, addressed by the Queen to the Dake of Victory "Espartero,-Proceed to Castile and Arragon; preside, inmy Itoyal name, at the inauguration of the works of the Northern and Saragossa Bailways; and nake known to the Castilians and Axragonese the ardent wishes I offer for the future aggrandizement and prosperity of a loyal population, beloved by their Queen." The Duke was to remain at Valladolid the 25th, 26th, and 27th. He was to sleep at Palencia on the 28th, and at Burgos on the 29th and 30th. He will thence proceed to Logrono, where he is to stop until the 6th inst., when he will leave for Saragossa. General O'Donnell flls the functions of President of the Council in his absence. General Zabala was to remain some time longer at Valencia, although order was completely restored in the city. Letters from Bilboa announce that all the Ayuntanientos of Biscay,. with the exception of eight or nine, had withdrawn their resignations, and that it was very probable the latter would follow the example of the others. The disamortizaciot wi consequently experience little or no opposition in the Basque provinces.
TURKEY. [The following appeared in our second edition of yesterdav.-1 (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDFXfT.) CONSTATINOPLE, ArnIL 21. The preparations for evacuating the Crimea have given a new impulse to the activity of our port; not that it ever had the appearance of dulness; On the contrary, what with the picturesque confusion which prevails in the anchoring of vessels, every one being at liberty to do in this respect as he likes, and what with the coming and going of a host of foreign and native craft, who have to supply a large capital and a numerous army dependent on the sea, the Bosphorus has never been wanting in animation aince the war began; but at no time, perhaps, was it teeming with so much life as at present. From early in the morning till sunset there is a continuous line of vessels of every sizeand description, from the huge screw line-of-battle-ship down to the antique-looking coaster, winding along the tortuous coiuse of the blue waters of the Bosphorus like a maritime caravan, and affording a good opportuuity to study by comparison the peculiarities in the shipbuilding of every State of Europe, were not the sight, especially on a sunny day, far too beautiful not to monopolize too much of the interestof anunprofessionalspectator to leave hin time for an examination of details. The tendency of the movement has been until now decidedly upward, towards the Black Sea, although not exclusively so. Thus, as I wrote to 'you, the first detachment of the French army has already passed through here without stopping. It was entirely composed of men of war, the screw liners Wagram, Charlemagne, and Navarin, the sailing line-of-battle ships Jena, Duperre, Jupiter, and 3Iarengo, the steam frigate Mogador, and the sailing frigates Sirane and Reine Blanche, which had all gone up some time previously without :heir guns, and were now returningf with troops. Some Turkish troops have likewise arrived from the scene of war in Asia. They consisted of 1,500 ranisians from Batoum, who came down on board af the Turkish screw frigate Muhbir Essurur and an English transport in Turkish pay. Yesterday two Turkish line-of-battle ships, towed by steamers, went up to fetch the Turkish division at Eupatoria. Two Sardinian steamers brought down the first Sardinian troops from the Crimea. As for the English troops, none have as yet passed and none have been embarked from here. The first troops which will go are said to be the cavalry from Ismid, and among them foremost the 8th Hussars. and the 17th Lancers. It is wise to begin with them, for the climate of Ismid begins to be very unhealthy inthe latter end of April, and the troops would have had to be removed nmder any circumstances, as it is the beginning of the fever season. Yesterday the order arrived for Admiral Grey to send ip transports for 5,000 infantry, who are immediately to be sent off. On Saturday there was again a meeting of the most prominent bankers of the place to continue their discussions relative to the best means for regulating the currency system. As far as I can ascertain-for the meetings are kept as secret from the uninitiated as the old mysteries of Eleusis '-it is harping on the old string. The two panaceas for the evil ever recurring are the issuing of new kaimes to counteract the upward tendency of the exchange, and the remodelling of the old bank of 1848, which was to have kept the exchange at a fixed rate, the difference being paid by the Government, which guaranteed a capital of 25,000,000 piastres for that purpose. In two years, from the 1st of March, 1848, up to the 1st of March, 1850, the bank had, according to the official return, drawn bills for more than 800,000,000 piastres, with a loss of 'about 27,000,000 piastres, or 3- per cent., besides the handsome pay of the directors. Next year the loss was doubled, and the consequence was that the Bank of Constantinople liquidated at the end of the year with a deficit of 35,000,000 piastres, which led to the famous Callimaki Loan. And yet, in spite of this experience, the idea of such another establishment, under a new form, is again contemplated. I fear the members of the Turkish Government are much more clever in improving their private finances than those of the State. There is nothing new at Scutari. The proclamation of peace has given a great impulse to all kinds of sport. The hunting season being past, races have been got up as a substitute. Last week foot races for soldiers and sailors, and divers analogous amusements, took place; and in the beginning of next month the two races, a steeplechase and flat race, for the Sultan's cups, are expected to come off, the first on the 2d, and the latter on the 9th day of the month. The health of the troops is as excellent as ever. The following are the deaths at Scutari from the 13th to the 18th of April:- Private Samuel Clarke, Land Transport Corps, febris; private Johm Brown, S9th Foot, febris.
THaE MLNISTY MA]) THE KARS DEBATE.x-When the counsel for a prosecution opens the case against the accused by a speech of five hours' duration and presses into his service all the arts of oratory and declanmation the chances for an acquittal are very great indeed. The jury naturally and properly suppose that a man can hardly be guilty when such a vast expenditure of time and eloquence are necessary to prove him so. No one can have read the speech of the hon. and learned gentleman, who on Monday evening urged the House of Commoens to declare, that " it felt it to be a duty to express its conviction that the capitulation of the fortress of Ears and the surrender of the army which defended it, thereby endangering the safety of the Asiatic provinces of Turkey, were in a great measure owing to the want of foresight and energy on the part of Her Majestv's Government," without feeling that, if Ministers were indeed to blame, their conviction might have been secured by a much shorter and less ambitious oration. Whatever mnay be Mr. Whiteside's opinion of Lord Pals,erstonand his Government, we believe that the public mind is fully impressed with the conviction that the Premier and the Foreign Secretary have exercised, in the conduct of the late war, all that zeal and ability which the nation has a right to demand from its servants; that their exertions have been crowned with the happiest results; and that to the spirit of faction, and to that alone, is AMr. Whiteside's motion to be attributed. It is an attempt to sully the well-earned honours of those who have safely guided the vessel of the State into port across a dark and tempestuous sea, after others had wofully failed and well nigh wrecked the gallant ship. Like all unwarranted attacks upon fair ieputations, it will, however, only recoil upon the head of the slanderer, for Englishmen will not tamely endure to see men who have advanced the interests and the honour of their country reviled as the authors of national disaster and disgrace.-Leeds Mercury.
THE CORrAKA BOABD OF INQUIRY. The Board of General Officers met at Chelsea yesterday at the usual hour. Mayhaving set inwith its usual severity, the attendanco was not quite so numerous as on former occasions. Lord Lucan wished to be allowed to observe upon what had fallen from him on Tuesday with regard to the Inkermann detachment. He had stated then that he had been specially directed by Lord Raglan not to interfere with the duties of the Light Cavalry Brigade,and on no account whatever to etercise any authority over it. Now, as far as tho divisional management was concerned-the discipline of the troops and so on-he always exercised that .authority, and in what he had said on Tuesday he meant no more than this,-that he had received an order from Lord Raglau on no account to interfere in other respects-that is, he was not at liberty to send for the Light Cavalry in the event of any attack, or on the occasion of any military operations. Those who supposed that by the order he referred to he was deprived of the power to exercise any divisional superin. tendence were quite mistaken; he meant to convey nothing of the sort. In consequence of what passed before the Board on Tuesday he found himself, much to his regret, obliged to request the attention of the Court to a letter addressed to Lord Raglan by him, when he found it necessary to put Deputy-Assistant Commissary-General Crookehank under arrest. He was in hopes there would have been no necessity for referring to this event, - but he must ask permission to put this letter before thc Board. It was dated September 30,1854, was addressed to the AdjatantGeneral, and detailed the circumstances which had induced him to order Mr. Crookshank under arrest-first, for disobedience to his orders ; and, secondly, for making a report to him verbally which was not founded on fact. Mr Crookshank continued under arrest for the greater part of. a week, when Lord Raglan expressed his disapprobation of that officer's conduct, and he was ordered to be released. Mr. Crookshank had led the Cburt to believe the other day, that no delay occurred in drawing the forage at Bala.lava, whereupon he (Lord Lucan) had stated that he was in possession of letters showing that the delay was considerable, amounting frequently to seven or eight hours. In a letter written by him on the 16th of December, addressed to the Quartermaster-General, he stated that reports were mado to hima daily by the officers commanding brigades and regiments, to the effect that the men and .horses were, in all weathers, detained for very many hoaurs at Balaklava, in consequence of their anding neither hay nor corn landed, and that the Dragoons were frequently obliged to go on, board ship, and there draw the forage out of the holds themselves. Mr. Crookshank was then called and examined by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE. You have referred in your evidence to the mesais of supplying forage to the Light Cavalry. To what extent could you have suppled forage to the Light Cavalry from the 16th of November, provided you had had' the meains of trinsport-! -I could have supplied them fully with barley. With regard to bay or chopped straw I cannot speak with certainty. Hiow many days in the week could you have undertaken to deliver forage for the :Light Cavalry with your own means of transport, supposing you had had assistance on other days from the cavalry themselves? Could you haves delivered it, say, one dav in three or four? No, I think not. My transport after the 16th of November was so defective that I could do compazatively-nothinA. At the time I appEed for assistance from the Cavalry 68 horses would have been required for this transport, and 'at times we had only 12, 10 being the lowest we had. This great deficiency in the transport was occasioned by the death of the animals. I am unable to say whether it was impossible to procure more, but it was not in my power to procure more. I was dependent on the officer in charge of these animals. I wrote daily to Conmmissary-General Adams to state what I required, and he afforded me such a proportion of animals as he was able to spare. The deaths of the commissariat animals, to a great extent, took place from overw ork, The few I had with me were properly fed, because T took care to feed them when I tooe them to Balaklava. The horses I had were very much inferior in strength to the Cavalry. Mr. Crookshank-, having been told that the Board had no more questions to put to him, said he trusted he might be permitted to refer to what had fallen from Lord Lucan. HiEs lordship had read a letter recording the fact of his (Mr. Crookshank'a) meat.e That letter was sent to him while under arrest, and he had submitted, to the head of his department a letter in reply to' his Lordship's statement, showing that he did not act in disobedlence of orders, and that what he submitted to Lord Lucan was founded on fact. In his letter to Mr. Pilder he stated that Lord Lucan had accused him in unmeasured terms before other officers of hange uttered a lie, threatened him with arrest and a trial by court-martial if he persisted in that lie; and that under these Circumstances he wished for full inquiry into his conduct. As Lord Lucan had said, he (Mr. Crookshank) was under atrrest for about a week, at the'end of which-time Lord I'. Paulet came and released him. He asked - on what grounds, to which Lord Paulet replied that he only had orders to release him. He (Mr. CrookshanL-) objected to this, and said lie thought himself entitled to a public recognition of his inno- cence, instead of being quietly released iii such a way. To, this no answer was given. Lord Lucan had told the Board that the Commander of the Forces, in ordering his release from arrest, had expressed disapprobation of hiis conduct. He could only-assure the Board that this Wvas the first time he had heard that Lord Raglan had expressed any suclh disapprobation, and, with every deference to Lord Lucan, he thought his Lordship must hounder a misapprehension on the subject. In a letter addressed to the CommissaryGeneral by him, dated thbe 12th of Octobef, in-' forming Mr. Filder of his release, he stated that he felt he was going abroad with the charge of lying still uncontradicted, and with the insult and slur still hanging over' him. He begged, therefore, that Mr. Pider would submit: the case to Lord Raglan, and afford him an opportunity of establishing his innocence. In another letter to Mr. 'Filder onthe samesubject,desiring a scrutiny, hesaidthat everydaywhich passed without notice of the occurrence increased the unpleasantness of his position. In reply to this,. Mr. Filder informed him that Lord Raglan could not entettaiu his ap- plication;- it was not expedient to do so. He (MIr. Crook-I shank) could not see the object of Lord Lucan in bringing forward this matter, which ahbost assumed the tone of a personal altercation between them. Because yesterday ho had made a statement which L;ord Lucan thought himself justiiied inflatly contradicting, but which he (Mr. Crook-shank) still persisted in, this matter appeared to be alluded to as though to prejudice the value of his assertions before this Board. HIe hoped the Court would take into consideration' the statement he had made. There were many ,other occasions on which his Lordship addressed him in terms wholly uncalled for, but still, -when Lord Lucan left the Crimea, they aj}pcared to part on good terms, and he was far from expecting any such allusions as had been just made. As regardfed the statement that Lord, Raglan had expresed disapprobation of his conduct, he couldI only say that if this were true it was most unjust tifiable, both on the part of Lord Lncan and of the Commissary-General, not to make him acquainted wsith such a Circumstance. He bad applied publicly for a court-martisl, and he could not but think- that somie reparation was due, and ought to have been affiorded to a gentleman, even by* the General commanding the Cavalry for the unwanratable charge of lying whicha had been preferred against him. (Applause. ) The FsrxSmn)c', addressing the audience, said if any such expression of feeling occurred again, he should be obliged to have the court cleared. Colonel Douglas was then called and examined by the JUTDGE-ADVOCATE. In your evidence before the commissioners you state that for about a fortnight after the 14th of November the horses of the 11th Hussars were without hay and straw, and had only on an average about 2Mb. of barley per day. Is the Board to understand that thus deficiency of forage and barley began immediately after the 14th of November 7-Yes, immediately after the storm. You have stated that you made a representation to the officer commanding the LI,ght Brigade, through the Brigade Mwsajor, proposing that a cirtain number of the horses should be sent down daily to binge forage from Balatlavar and that the p reposal was rejected. Will you inform the Board ofthe date ofthatrepresentation,and inwhatmanner the proposal was rejected 9-I think the representation was made by me between the 20th and 2tth of November. It was sent, either verbally or in witing, through the quartermaster of the regiment to Colonel MIayou, and its effect was to suggest the propriety of sending down a proiton of the troop horsesto bring upeforage. The answer received was, to the best of my recollection, a verbal one from Colonelt cayou, to saythatitcouldnot done. Noreasons were assigned as to why the horses co'uld not go. Do you think thatra that time the horses were in a fit state to be sent from the plateau dowvn to Baiaklava and carry back forage ht-I do. I think a selection of the horses might have been made which could have performed the journey down and brought back forage. I ampno alluding to the period after the 20th of November. How many regimental bat horses had you at that time? th I don't think we had more than three. I don't know, in fact, whether any then e.xisted. ' You have stated in your evidence beforethecommissioners that in the months of November and December there was a great deficiency of nosebas, and thnat you purclhased materials and made up some in the regiment9-7 did I think I got the materials from Balaklava- I got old sacks, old can 'vass, and made the men of the regiment work, giving an order that every man who could not produce a nosebag should stand at his horse's head and feed it t of hig pockethandkerchief, or somethingof that sort. This soon cured the evil, and the men took good care of the nosebags. How many horses in your regiment were left fit for duty 'when you proposed to send them to Balaklava for forage ?s In the regiment I suppose we had about 100 horses. A as to how many should have been sent down, that is a matter of' calculation. Each horse could bring 12 horses' rations, and then another home would be required for each trooper en-iployed; so that two horses would be necessary to bring up rations for 12 horses. Colonel Low, of the 4th Light Dragoons, was next examined by the JUDGOEADVOC.ATE. Do you think that after the 14th of Novemnber the horses were in a fit state to be sent to Balaklava for forage?I do. What number could you have spared for that purpose ?- The proposition made to me by MIr. Crookshank was to send down 25, which I could have done very well. Mr. Crookshank came to me to ask my sanction to this proposal, should he obtain permission from the Brigadier, and as far as I was concerned I Was only too glad to accede to it. Do you think the horses could have brought up hay as well as barley ?-Certainly, a proportion. Were the horses in good condition at that time 2-They were failing. They snffered very severely from the storm, and from standing so much in the mud and liquid snow. What was the distance they would have had to go inorder to p)rocure this forage 9-1 should think the distanceto Balaklava was upwards of six miles. The Commissary informed me that if the troop horses were sent down we should get a certain quantity of barley; I know nothing about bay. I heard tht inA the storm a shipladen with hay had been wrecked. Lord Lucan, in answer to the JuinGx-ADvocATr, stated that the Heavy Brigade on the 16th of November were stationed on the plateau near the coDine. What were their dutiesat that timel-FIrst of aUlwa were always to be prepared for attack. In Balaklava we had a party for a certain time, and, independently of that, we had a strong picket in the valley. We also had inlying pickets, and were employed in foraging for our own brigade. I Could they not have afforded some assistance in the conveyance of forage for the Light Brigade-say, one day in three ?-First of all, there was no application for any such assistance. Then, if you will refer to Mr. Crook2shank's letter you will find that up to the 21st there was realy no positive - deficiency; and I should say, from the state of the Heavy Brigade after the 21st, that they could not afford any assistance. Theyhad quite enough to do to forage for themselves. But, as I said before,there was no application for assistance. Lord Cardigan.-Before my case is closed I beg to remind tho Court that the commissariat transport animals were not said to have failed before the 14th of November, that I have shown that I was not applied to to send the troop horses for forage till about the 16th of November; that at that time the horses were receiving a fair allowance of bar. ley, 'which is proved by the Brigade-Major's returns in your possession to have been the case up to the 23d of the month. Itis also proved by the evidence of several of the commissariat officers 'which has been laid before you, that there was no hay mn Balakilava for some time after tho 14th of November; therefore it would have been useless to send down the horses for it, even if the more cogent objections to such a measure had not existed. Mr. Crookshank states positively that he applied more than once to the Lieutenant-General commonu the division for the troo p horses to be sent downfor forage,vhich was refused, and I thk the Court will ad- it that if Mr. Crookshaok's letter of the 1Sth ofNovember was not a written request for troop horses to be employed, it was, at anyrate, a pretty strong appeal on the subject. I have stated, in reply to a questionfrom theJud-e-AdvocateGeneral, that I had no power whatever to send down troop horses without the sanction of superior authority; which opinionof mine was fully confirmed on Tuesdaylast by that of the Quartermaster-General of the Armny, Sir Richard Airey,-" Certainly, he (Lord Cardigan) could not have detached any portion of his force without the sanction of the Commander-in-Chief." With these few remarks 1, with confidence, leave my case in the hands of this hon. Court. GENTsEB.LL Anc''s C_sE. The case of Sir RichardAirey, the Quartermaster-General of the Forces, was then proceeded with, after some conversation with regard to the original minutes of evidence taken by the commissioners in the Crimea, a portion of which minutes have, at the request of General Airey, been placed by Colonel Tulloch in the hands of the Judge-Advocate. Sir Richard Airey, iu addressirig the Board, said that under the blame which was thought to have been inferentially cast upon him by the commissioners' report, he had hitherto observed a strict silence, and he was thankful that lier Majesty's most gracious warrant for assembling this board of general officers had now assigned a fitting time and a fitting place for his explanations. At a future period he should make some observations re- tin w a letter. hich was prodaced in court by Colonel from Colonel Gordon. He did not wish topass over.that letter entirely without notice at present, but it would be better for him to reserve his explanations with regard to it, and to the evidence subsequently given by him, until after hehad made the Board acquainted with certain facts which he should have occasion to lay before them in the course of his address. From the st of September, 1854,. until the 17th of November, 1855, he had the honour of being Quartermaster-General of the Forces in the East, and it *as in respect to the comments of the commissioners on matter, relating to that department that he was now addressing the Coust. Upon examining the instractions of -the commissioners, dated the 19th of February, 1855, together with.. the supplemental instructions, . and on comparing them with the official code issued by the Lorcds of the Treasury for defining the functions, of the commissariat, it would seem that the duty entrusted to Sir John M'Neill and Colonel Tulloch was solely that of investigating themanagement of the commissariat department, and it was in strict accordance with that view as to the tone and scope of their duties that Sir J. MUNeill addressed to Lora raglan his letter of March 13, 1855. In page 3 of their first 'report the commissioners observed.- 'The inifluence of overwork and exposure on the health of the troops might appear to be foreign to the objects of an inquiry which had reference exclusively to the supply of the army and the arrangements of the commissariat." He wished to call particular attention to tbat passage in the report; and besides this, the letter of Sir John M'Neill to Lord Raglan, to which he had justreferred, pointedto three objects of inquiry, all bearing exclusively upon the.comsiissariat-first, the inquiry was to ascertain the deficiency of supplies; secondly, the cause of any deficiency ; thirdly, the course which should.be adopted to prevent such a deficiency for -the future ; but not one word in that letter pointed to aninquiry of such a nature as would form -the lbasis [for animadversion on any military officer. Here he might be permitted to say that, although he should be certainly surlpised to hear that a gentleman taken from the civil service of the Crown, and an officer with the rank of Colonel in the army, had, been intrusted by- the Government with the duty of investigating the conduct of military officers- then actively engaged before an enemy in the field, yet ho could truly say that such surprise would rot have been followed on his part by the smalese -avt of that deference which he considered it was part of an officer's duty to pay to constituted authority; and he would add, that if a civilian was to be appointed to conduct such, an; inquiry there was no one to -whose judgment he should have deferred wcith more confidence than to Sir -John M`Neil's. Li saying, too, that the selection of a civilian to sit in judgiuent iponx the conduct of officers in the field would have given binm a g'ood deal of surprise, he was far from expressing the opinionthiat because such a step would be unusual it would be therefore wrong. On the -contrary he was one of those w ho:believed that aFll professions were benefited by throwing upon them some lght from outside, His regret wvas, not that civilians discussed military affairs too much, but that they knew too little of them to be able to conduct the discussion with good effect, and this circumstance he attributed mainly to the fact that -there existeed no compendious work in which -civilians might acquaint themselves in a rapid way with the organization of the British army. This want of acquaintance with the structure of our army was not for an instant to be attributed to the commissioners, iand he had much pleasure in assuring those gentlemen that no thought about the position of the one as a eivilian, or about the militaryxaunk of the other would have prevented him from lending them every assistance in his power, if he had thought they had been intrmsted with the duty of investigating his admninistration as Quartermaster-General of the iArmy. It would have been quite enough to know that they came armed with Her Majesty's commission to make an inquiry of that sort, hut this wlS precisely what he did not know, and what;, strange to say, le did not know even at the present moment. Hiis belief as to the scope of their inquiries exactly cobiucided with the in- tructiojas of the;commissioners as expressed in Sir John M'Neil's letter to Lord Raglan, and he did not believe the intention of extending their inquiry to the military departments was ever announced to the Commander of the Forces. E:1ven in that hall he had understood Colonel Tulloch to say that his colleague and himself were not authorized to inquire into the conduct of military officers. Colonel Tulloch remarked that General Airey was giving himself- a great deal of trouble in proving that which needed no proof whatever. No doubt the commissioners did not go to the Crimca to inquire into the conduct of military officery, bat into the question of the supplies intrusted to military officers. - General Airey continued.-He had the honour of being 'on terms of kindly intercourse with Sir John MPNeill, and lie was sure that if, while in the Crimea, Sir John lead known that it would become his duty to arraign the Quarterinaster-General's department, he wounld- have told him (General Aireyy at once that he was an officer under trial, and that he was one of his judges. Eowever, on the 16th; of ilarch, 1855, Sir John MNeill and Colonel Tulloch began their inaniry, bult from the first they laboured under a difficulfy which was sure to be fatal to the authenticity of the evidence collected by themthey had gone unprovided 'with - the assistance of a shorthand-writer. This error was irretrievable. No doubt the commissioners earnestly but vainly exertedc themselves to remedy this defect,- but it was impossible to succeed. The course they took was, he believed, this:A witness would be examined for many hours together, and the secretary or one of the commissioners would, as *well as ho could, inake notes of the evidence. After this, one of the commissioners attempted to make a s'xetch or narrative of what the witness said, a EdI this was submitted for his approval. Colonel Tu3loch said, the witnesses were first heard, and then he endeavoured to tcate, as nearly as possible, the important parts of wliat had fallen from them. This was afterwaias read over to the witncsses, who were asked whether hi. .-as what they had stated, and whether they had nn tl>-,4 wore to add. General Airey said the process of condensation was carried to such an extent that an examination which occupied three or four hours svas frequently contained in a single page. N owv, all who wvest accustomed to w eigh the value of testimonywould appreciateothe difference between the realwords which camne from the lips of a straightforwvard witness and a soldier's hasty assent to a written document which sought to represent his true meaningbya formof words constructed in another man's mind, A nother objection to such a method of recording evidence wras that the foregone opinion of the questionerimported itself intotho evidence, andled the reader to arrive at grossly erroneous conCusions. Was it just or fair that minutes of evidence recorded in such a way should ha used hereafter as the materials for a report animadverting on the conduct of officers ? He did not make these observations from an opinion that the evidencehad any unfavour- able bearing onhis administration; the reverse was the fact; but for all practical purposes these written memoranda should be regarded as very nearly useless. Another disadvantage attending the want of a shorthand-writer was that the slowness of the process of examination ultimately prevented the commissioners from making such an inquiry into the military departmentsaswouldhave formedasatisfactory basis for the discussion of the questionstouclhed upon in their subsequent London report. As he had said before, Lord lRaglan had no idea that anv inauiry into the military departments was about to be made by the commissioners ; aud of course, therefore, his Lordship hadno opportunity of aiding an investigation which he did not know -was on foot. Then, again, Adjutant-General Estcourt was never examined either oraUy or in writing, and the Board would inslantly see that an inquiry into the matters discussed by the commissioners in their London reporti must inevntably be ir. c omplete if it dia not elicit information from the AdjutantGeneral or from any other ofificer in that department. The commissioners also leftthe Crimea without having oraUy examined him (Sir R. Airev), though it was true they came up to head-quarters two or three times, and endeavoured to do so Finding that from circumstances they couild not make an oral examination, he was furnished, he believed, with 14 q~uestions drawn up by Sir John lmNeil, to vwhich lie reliedin'writing, and gave to the commissioners. Subseanently he received 49 queries, which he understood to be drawn up by Colonel Tuloch, and his written replies to the5e ques'ions were forwarded to London He hIad, however, never received say query about amatter which formed a principal sa'1ject of the London repor-namely, the isilu of clothing; besides which the Assistant-Qasrter. master-Generals of Iufantry Divsions, who could haye: thrown so much light upon the main point ecibraced in that branch of the innuiry, were never examined. Then, agpin, in discuasinz the question of iutting and the erection of shelter for the horses, the evidence of an engineer officer would have been of prime imporrtace, but ' no such officer was examined on the subject. True,. Major Chapman was examined, but not, as it would seem, upon the busness of his department. Apparently, the cDTnis'sioners, while in the rIea, did not form an intention to inquire into the- conduct of military officers. Forced by sickness to leave the Crimea in May, Sir John 31Neill and Colonel Tulloch remained at Constantinople until the 20th of June, occupied in preparing their report, I and he was sure that, up to this time, and so long as they were in the East, they did not entertsin the idea of casting blame upon the Quartermaster-General of the Forces, or any other military offlcer on the staff. If they had thought such a conclusion on their part was in the smallest degree probable, they would not have hesitated to return to the Crimea from Constantinople with a view to elicit, orally, further information. But the commissioners had undertaken the important duty of suggesting improvements, and to do this effectually it was necessary to describe or suppose defects in the system; but it was difficult to perform that tasl- without using expressions which might seemtoreflect blame onthosewhowere administering the departmentsso scrutinized. Itwasthusheaccountedfor theap rent animadversions contained in the London report; butlet this be as it might, he could say with truth that until this report was laid before Parliament he had no idea that the inquiry turned in some measure upon the manner in which he had performed his duty. He had stated that the commissioners sent him a number of written questions, and Sir Richard Airey analysed these questions vith a view to show that they related mainly to branches of the service which were totally unconnected with the Quartermaster General's department, and that there was nothing in those qaeries to indicate the points so prominently brought forward in the London report, as well as in this halL While the commissioners were at Constantinople they made their first report, in which there was not a sentence impugning the administration of the Quartermaster-GeneraL Indeed, as one of those who toiled in the winter campaign in the Crimea, he felt grateful to the commissioners for the eloquent words in vhich they had described .the suifbrings and the fortitude of the British army. On their return to England the conmisoners received the answers to their remaining queries, and it was with these and such other materials as were afforded that they made their second report. This report, whether warranted or not by the instractions of the Secretary of State for War, deserved deep attention, because it was the report preparedanad signed by Rer Majesty's Commissinners, hut it rnust not be mistaken for the result of a Crimean inquiry conducted on the spot. On the contrary, it was plain from the report, itself that the conclusions therein stated had been arrived at by collating numerous intricate accounts and statements without the advantage of oral explanation from the persons themselves. He had expressed his opinion that the commissioners could not have intended to inculpate him, and he thought he might infer from the evidence he was about to cite that they were never intrusted with the duty of sitting in judgment upon his conduct. On the 19th of February, 1855, the very day on which the Secretary for War signed the instructions given to the commissioners, he also constituted a special tribunal charged with the duty of investigating the position of the general staff of the army in the Crime, and of reporting as to the fitness of every officer employed thereon. The judge selected to perform this duty was General Sir James Simpson, to whom, on the date he had mentioned, the Secretary for War addressed the following written instructions:-" It will be your duty to look into the general position of the staff of the army, and reporb your opinon of any changes which may occur to you as necessary to Field-Marshal Lord Raglan. This report you wll make in duplicate, and instructions will be given to Field-Marshal Lord Raglan to forward one of them for the information of the Secretary of State for War. All appointments and removals of officers from the general staff of the army will rest with the officer in supreme commanda but you will not fail, if you find any ofticer inyour opinion unfit on trial for the duties intrusted to him, to report the same without favour and affection to the Cominmander-in-Chief." He (SirR. Airy)had reason to believe that the SeCretaTy of State for War took ample measures for securing his removal from the general staff if it should turn out upon investigation that he had been in- efficient in the performance of his duty, and he did not I complain if, with this viewv, Lord Panmure sought to convey to head-quarters intheCrimeatheunfavourable.opinion of his qualifications which-his Lordshipthen, perhaps, entertained. A Minister who did his best to remove those officers whom he believed to be unfitted for the posts they filled was one who did a gieat public service in rendering the army in the field more effective. Lord Panmure knewv that it would be painful to LordPiaglanto dismiss-the Qeartermaster-General with whom he had hitherto acted, and also knew that the safety and welfare of the army depended greatly upon the efficiency of the general staff. Upon the 16th of March General Simpson arrived in the Crimea, and on the 26th of A pril he reported to Lord PRaglan that, having been in daily communication with the officers of the general staff, he could only say that there was not one of them 'whom he could wish to see removed, having found them capable, zealous, and willing to receive any suggestions that might tend to the benefit-of the service. Re (Sirlt. Airey) could not believe that, concurrently with this inquiry of General Simpson, the Secretary of War intended to intrnst the commissioners with the task of animadverting upon the performance of his (General Airey's) duties, and was firmly convinced that their instructionis were intended to direct their attention solely to matters relatingto commnissariat supplies. Upon the death of Lord Raglan the command was assumed by Sir J. Simpson, who retained his services as Quartermaster-General, which post he continued to fill, and enjoying confidence and support underhim andSir W. Codringfton untilthe 17thof November, 1855, when hewasorderedhome upon duty. To showthe estimate which SirW. Codrington had formed he would hand in a copy of an order of the day of November the 15th, in which the Commander-in-Chief, after alluding to the high esteemin which he ;new Lord Raglan and General Simpson had held Sir R. Airey, expressed his regret at losing the benefit of assistance which he so highly valued. Re believed also that in al the despatches sent home byLord Raglanthere was no complaint of any want of skill or energy on the part of any member of the general staff; but, on the contrary, that there were repeated acknowledgments of their services. He would proceed to give some explanations upon matters connected with his department, which had been subjects of observation on the part of the commissioners. The duties of the Qnartermaster-Generalwereextensive andimportant. Riehad the direction of the quartering, encamping, and marching of the troops, their cmbarcation and disembarcation, to enforce all camp regulations. Re had to collect the best information he could as to the geography, climate, military and general resources of the country which was the theatre of war, to select toe points of landing and embarking, and the best position foi attackl or defence. He must be prepared to convey that knowrledge to the Commander-in-tJhef by laying before himthebest maps and plans to be obtained from surveys or from other sources, being careful that all maps and plans are carefully corrected and extended from time to time, according to the varying exigencies of the service. Re had also to ascertain, as well as he could, the strength, position, resources, and contemplated operations of the enemy. Being charged with duties of such a nature, the Quartermaster-General must necessarily be more or less admitted to the counsels of-the Commander-in-Chief, and he could say that all the officers on the general staff performed services in the field, whenever called upon to do so, with willingness and zeal. For himself, he had always acted upon the broad principle of not limiting his duties to the strict boundaries of his departmental functions, and thus it had arisen that the commissioners had found traces of his labours in every branch of the service, and which circumstance appeared to have led them to imagine that the functions of his department related to a'L the business of army administration. He quite agreed with the commissioners -that the sufferings of the army were traceable to tw,o causes-overwork and want of transport. It was therefore of great importance to remove some nrsapprehensions which prevailed uion the subject, and to show that the Quartermaster-Genera.'s department had nothing to do with the apportionment of the soldiers labour nor th very important business of supplying? the transport of the army. .-c'. zr. was one of the functions of the AdjutantGeneral, an - tlt other belonged to the Commissariat Department. In order to show that the transport of the army was to be provided by the Commissariat department General Airey referTed to the Oficial Treasry Codc and to Sir Randolpla Routh's book on AXrmy Services. In the same way as the Quartermaster-General was to some extent made acquainted with the plans of the Commander of the Forces so theCommissarv-General of an army was also necessarily made cognizant of the intentions of the GeneraL Lord Raglan wvas in daily communication with -the CommissaryGeneral, and no doubt gave Mr. Fielder sufficient information to enable hiim to estimate and provide for the probable wants of the army. Mr. Filder, in his explanatory letter, which hliad been laid before Parliament, had shown that until after the first bombardment he was in doubt as to where the army was to whiter; but certainly could not have meant to imply that the uncertainty was the consequence of anv reserve on the part of Lord Raglan. The trAnsport hadalways been one of the duties of the Commi - sariat until the formation of the Land Transport Corps in March, 1855, as general orders -ould showv, anid as, inueed, Mr. Filder had admitted. At the same time, he wished it to be understood that there had never been a disposition on the part of the general staff to narrow the field of their duties, by intrenching themselves within the limits of the:r departments. For himself, he had never made the necessary division of labour in the ariv a pretext for raising barren questions of form or etiquette, or for omitting any opportunity of contributing to the welfare of the troops, or the success of the expedition. Having showvn that the transport duties devolved upoII the comuiissariat, it was proper to add that the means at Air. Filder's disposal were quite inadequate to the irmenise demiand made upon him. After the battle of Balakilava on the 25th of October the allies were confined to a small and barren spot from which no supplies could be derived. In the Peninsular and other European campaigns the means of transport had been obtained in the country where the forces operated, but in the Crimea no such resources were open to the ConmmissaryGeneral, who was compelled to depend entirely upon importation. The task was one of enormous magnitude, of Which the annals of war containedno previous example. In operations so vast it could not be expected that everything should proceed smoothly and without obstruction, but it was right to saythat the delays which occurred, and which caused great suffering to the army, had been all traced to EnglandMeans of land transport were urgently required in the Crimea, while at Varna there was more than a sufflcient number of pack animals; but the Comimissary-General could not venture to brin' them to Balaklava because he had no forage for them. It might be asked why there was no forage. The answver wras that the forage of the Levant, being chiefly chopped straw, not copressible for sea transport, Mr. Filder was ohliged to send to E3ngland for hay, for w-hich he made a requisition in due time. Befote the landing intheCrimea he made a requisitionfor 2,)000tonsof hay and had that been duly forwvarded immediately on the requisition being received it woulld have arrived at its desti- nation as a small portion actually did arrive in ITovembor, and the grievous hardships of the winter woull Jaire B6e averted. In point of fact, it was not until February, 1S55, that any large portion of that supplyzreached she Bosphorui, and not until une that the wiole requisition wa cmO. pletely satisfied. There wre oither diculties, too , for sen when supplies 'were in harbour, or actu,llv landed,- they were not available for the soldier Shose cm Wu iine miles to the northward In operations of war it was us to depend upon tho soldiers' laoour, but that resourcefailed from the pressure of military necessities. It was not too much to say that from the 25th of October until the cl6os of the vinter there was continually going on a kind of pro. tracted engagement with the enemy in front and fiank, for -although the firing- TSa less heavy at some Periods than at at otbuis, there never was a time of repose to allow the men to be employed upon any kind of fatigue duty. The most obvious mode of meeting that necessity was, of course, to import men from the shores of the Euxiuo and the Bosphorus, which s actually done, but as Mtr. Filder had stated, at that season they died by fifties, and the survivors, from indolence and sickness, were worse than useless. He would now proceed to his own depart. ment, and would first explain bow the officers under him were appointed. He used to call upon the generals of divisions to send him the names of officers whom they might consider fit to be appointed on the Quaaiermaster-General's staff. Hereceived from these officers specimen surveys, and then personally exanined them, and, if he found them competent, appointed them to vacancies as they oczurred, the majority of the officers so appointed being strangers to him. (SirIL Aireybanded in some maps executed by officers of the Qartermaster-General's department for the inspection of the Board.) The Quartermaster-General's department had no assistance of workmen or powver to expend money, but when anything was required made requisitions upon other departments, asin the case of huts, requiring from the Engineer department a list of materials which Mwould be eecessary, and then sending in that list to the Commissariat Departmentwith arequisitiontoprocurethose articles. Having talken tbose steps, the Quartemaster-Generalbad absorbedal thepovwerof hisdepartmeDt, andhadthrowntheresponsibility upon other departments and even if he 'was aware that his requisitions could not be complied'with, he could trulystate hebad donehis part in maldig them. Such a course, however convenient to the department, 'would be most injurious to the army, andit was not thus he had acted. He never attempted to shield himself by maling requisitions upon otherdepartnents. Of the various matters referred to in the report of the commissioners the following fell within the range of the Quartermaster-General's department:The road, camlp equipaies, huts, shelter for horses, and fixing the proportion in wahich certain articles of stores andiaym clothing shouild be divided amnong the different coi'psoftbearnrv. With respect totheroad, about which a great deal had been said inthis country, thecommissioners themselves had stated that *the want of a road from Balaldava, paa'sablefor commissariatcarts, greatlyincreased the difficulty of supplying the army afterthe middle of November; but the officers commanding divisions who were examined upon the subject are unanimous in their opinion that it would have been impossible to employ a sufficient number of men to make theroad, and at the same time to carry on the military operations in which the army ws engaged." TVhere never had been much doubt upon the suhje&t an the Crimea, although much had been said about it in this country, and therefore he was grateful to the comnmissioners for the clear and decisive terms in which they had stated their conclusions. With respect to the camp equipage the commissioners stated that some of the tents were reported to be of inferior quality, and that in manyr cases the army was obliged to use the bell tents for hospitals instead of the m'arquees, which were better fitted for that purpose. The commissioners, too, wvere aunable to account for the reuction in the number of marquees comparedwvith the number which had been sent outfromEgland. He was appointed Quartermnaster-General in September, 154, after he had eimbark-edwiththedivisiontowhichhewa6 then attached, and of course he had no ogportunity of altering the quality or of increasing the supply of tents, but it was only just to his predecessor, Lord de Rlos, to state that everything necessary to be dune had been done. Upon the 22d of July, and on the 18th of A ust, Lord do Roe had made requisitious to England f or additional camp equlp.~ge, and had made arrangements with General Fergusson anti Admiral Sir Houston Stewart for a supply from Malta. Sir R. Airey then referred to that portion of the commissioners' report relating to the huts sent from England, and observed that the Quartermaster-General's department in making a requisition for huts for 10,000 men and 3,500-the utmost number that could be provided for -and the commissariat, in importing those huts, had done their duty, and that because the waut of land transport rendered them unavailable it was not through any fault of the Quartermaster-General's department. le had performed his duty in making a requisition for the huts, and, although he might perhaps have anticipated the difficulty there would be in getting them to the heights, yet he wvould not have been justifiedin omitting to ask for them. The total weight of the huts sent out vwas 3,750 tons. He would now state what steps he took to provide shelter for the troops, and the difficulties he encountered. Up to the period of the first bombardment, on the 17th of October, there was no expectation that the army would have to winter in the Crimea, and no fmal determnination to do so was come to until after the battle of Inkermann. It had been expected that the head-quarters of the force would winter near the Bosphorus, and after the army had embarked fortheCrimeaLord IRaglanwas in correspondence with the Ambassador at the Porte upon the subject. The responsibility of the officers engaged in the invasion of the Crimlea was differentfrom that of general officers inordi. nary operations of war. Marslhal St. Arnaud and lord RAglna, acting under decisive instructions from their respective Governments, determined to make a descent upon the enemy's coast, and to attemut a rapid military enterprise against the stronghold of Sebastopol; but they never contemplated, and certainly were not prepared to invade Russia by regular operations in the field, that vwas, by the advance of armed bodies, connectingtheumselves by sufficient means of transport vith their base of operations. In that sense the allied forces were not an army, but rather a moveable column, the difference between which was shown by the means of transport which each posse.sed. In order to move an army of the strength of the British force at that time 14,000 beasts of transport would have been necessary, while the whole number which landed at Old Fort was only 70, and the addition of thoseo obtained in the neighbourhood never brought up the whole number to more than 300 or 400. The French force was quite nnsupplied writh tranzsport animals. However, the Government had thought fit to order an expedition which was known to be hazardous, but 'which must be undertaken, and Lord Raglan was not a man to disobey. In a regular war the formation of a base of operations would be the first operation thought of, and always decided upon before hostilities commenced, but in the present case it was not until February, 1S55, afterthe conflict hadbeenraging formonths,. that the home Government formed a base of operations for the supply of the British armyat Balaldava. It was therefore almost inevitable that the expeditionary forces, confined during the winter to a bare hill,aand at the same time carrying on continual operations against a powerful enemy, must undergo very great privations. With respect to the tents, he might observe that it had not been intended to land them at first; but after the first dreadful night after the disembarcation Lord Baglan ordered the tents to be sent on shore; and the men had them until the 18th of September, when they were returned on board ship. On the 2Gth the British troops occupied Balaklava; and in a few days all the men and hospitals were under cover of canvass or roofs. The tents, however, had suffered from use and from repeated packingand unpacking; and upon the 11th of October he gave instructions that 283 bell tents in store at Malta should be sent to- the Crimea; and on the 19tb of October he ordered another supply of camp equipage, and also had brought from Varna the hospital marquees in reserve there. On the 17th of October the first bombardment took place with great success on the part of the British artillery; and nothing but the disastrous explosions in the French lines and batteries prevented the intended assault. Lord Raglan had proposed an assault at 4 o'clock that evening; but after that day the probability of a protracted struggle became apparent. Lord Raglan then began to prepare for that event by making inquiries as to the climate duing the winter. Early in November the enemy received large reinforcements, andtheposition of the allied forces becameverycritical, and the day after the hattie of Inkermann a protracted con; ference took plsce between the Generals of the alied armies, the result of which was a determination to hold the ground, to fortify the position on the LInkermaann heights, to retain the advanced trenches with finnness, and to carry them further if possible. That determination to hold the advanced trenches imposed upon the troops great sufferings and labours bevond their stren"th, but he hadnever heardany one doubt that it saved the alMied armies from a great disaster. Lord Raglan was grieved, but did not, hesitate. There was but one alternative consistent with the honour of the British army, and it was adopted. That was the first knowledge they had of the winter eneampment in the Crimea. He (General Airey) immediately took measures to provide shelter for the troops and horses. On the 8th of November he sent instructions to Constantinople and elsewhere to purchase materials and implements for hutting. Adnmiral Lyons had truly described the state of things in the army, when he said " that every man was busy doing his best." That was the truth. They were not doing one-tenth or onetwentieth part of what thev wised to do, but they were doing their best, and it was beyond the limits of possibility to undertake any fresh operations involving vast additional laboour. If Colonel Tulloch coulld have shown that the works upon -which the army was then engaged were unnecessary, and that its labour -was misdirected, there would be a reason for blame, but to impose an onerous task upon them 'which they had no means of fulfilling would be trifling with their sufferings. Upon the 12th1 of November he gavea more extended order for the implements of builamg, and on the 14th of November an order 'was given that ite hides of all animals slaughtered by the comnumseaiat should be saved for the purposes of covezing huts; and on the 19th and 22d other orders to the same effect were issued. He succeeded in obtaining 46,335 boards and planks and 11,699 pieces of scantling, and at his instance, a though the matter Mas not in his province, vessels were sent off for charcoal andlpa tent fuel, For several -weeks the commissariat was unable to convey the huts to the heights, and the troops were much overworked, 12,000 doing the wcork of 30,000. As he had said, all the troops and hospitals were under cover, when, on the 14th of November, came the huricane, which not only swept avay every tent, but also destroyed a great many. that loss, added to those condemned at Varna, accounted for the deficiency referred to by the comnnis. sioners in their report. Upon the lith of November Lord Raglan informed the Secretary for War that Ceoonel Wetherald had been sent to Constantimople to purchase sup. plies, but his Lordship added that he hoped that knowledge would not prevent the Minister from sending suppies of all descriptioas from EngZland. Lord Raglan also comnjunicated 'with the Ambessador at Ccrmauintinople, wbiom he requested to assist Colonel Wethenil, whvo had 1veen sent to nurchase varom clothizng, tents, Xand camp equiyage. Upon the 28th of Novemnber he (General Airey) sent a requisition to Engand for %W0t tents and other articles; and, to shaw the delay 'which occurred ia the execution of that requisition, he produced a letter from the Secretary to the Board of Ordnance to the 'Under Secretary of War, dated April 18, in whiich it wvas stated that the delay in furnishing the tents hadA risen.
NA VAL A YD MILITARY INTELLIGENCE. Flag-Lieutenant PecheU has been promoted by the Admiralty to the rank of Commander, he having been flag to Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour at the review of the fleet by the Queen. The Mfajestic, 81, Captain Hope, and the Hawke, 60, Captain Ommanney, left the fleet on Wednesday night for the Eastward, the latter to be paid off. The Geyser, 6, Commander Tower, left the fleet on Wednesday night for Plymouth. The Esk-, 21, Captain Sir Robert M'Clure, C.B., left Spithead on the night of Wednesday for Plymouth. The Hastings, 60, Captain Fanshawe, went into Port-smouth harbour yesterday to pay off. The Coquette, 4, steam despatcb-ganvessel, Commander Risk, was docked yesterday at Portsmouth. The Euryalus, 51, Captain G. Ramasay, C.B., and the Blenheim, 60, Captain W. H. Hall, C.B., are ordered into Portsmouth harbour; the latter, it is supposed, will resume her position as depot ship of the steam fleet in reserve at Portsnouth. The Meteor, 14, floating battery, Captain F. B. P. Seymour, was paid off at Portsmouth yesterday. The Russell, 60, Captain Francis Scott, at Sheerness, and the Glatton, 14, floating battery, at Portsmouth, are ordered to be paid off. The Retribution, 29, paddle-frigate, Captain Fisher, flag of Rear-Admiral Baynes, C.B., is ordered into Portsmouth harbour to be paid off. Admiral Baynes struck his flag last evening at sunset. The screw steam frigate liffey, 50, will be launched from the Deyonport dockyard on Tuesday. She will receive her engines and bcilersat Keyham, but will nQt be masted, as first ordered. The merchant ship Lord Auckland, Captain Skinley, 150 days from Calcutta for London, was off Plymouth on Wednesday. On Wednesday the last of the stores in the military prisons were delivered to the Devonport dockyard and the Royal William Victualling-yard, and the Leys passed into the custody of Major Toby, barrack-master, Royal Marines. The staff employed in charge of the Russian prisoners, under the control of Lieutenant Veitch, R.NT., the governor, have presented to that gentleman a handsome silver snuffbox as a token of esteem and respect for the manner in which he has executed his duties since the commencement of the war. The following ships were in Plymouth Sound yesterday morning --The screw steamship Conqueror, 100, Captain Thomas M. C. Symonds; the London, 90, Captain William H. Jervis; the screw steamship Centurion, SO, Captain W. J. Wiliams; the screw steamship Brunswick, S0, Captain Hastings R. Yelverton; the Meander, 44, Captain Thomas Baillie; the paddlewheel steam frigate Vulture, 6, Captain F. H. Glasse; the paddlewheel steam frigate Magicienne, 16, Captain N. Vansittart; the screw steam transport Perseverance, 9, Commander John W. D. M'Donald, and about 20 gunboats. The Meander is ordered to go into Hamoaze, when her crew will be paid off. The following ships and gunboats, &c., belonging to the White Squadron, arrived at Sheerness during Wednesday night and yesterday :-The Colossus, S0 guns, screw steamship, Captain the Hon. Henry Keppel; the Royal George, 102, guns, screw steamship, Captain Robert S. Robinson ; the Cressy, Sl guns, screw steamship, Captain Richard . 'Warren; the Majestic, S1 guns, screw steamship, Captain James Hope, C.B.; the Hydra, 6 guns, paddlewheel steamsloop, Commander Henry G. Morris (late from the Cape of Good Hope); the IHarier, 17 guns, screw steam sloop, Com. mander Samuel H. Derriman; the Thunder, 14 gUns, floating battery, Captain George G. Randolph (the Bulldog, 6 guns, paddlewheel steamship, Alexander C. Gordon, assisted her from Spithead); the Centaur, G guns, paddlewheel steam-frigate, Captain William J. C. Clifford C.B., had previoussly left Portsmouth with the Thunder' but when off Beachy Head the Centaur blew one of her cylinder tops up, and thereby became disabled. The Thunder then in turn assisted to tow the Centaur back- to Portsmouth. The following gunboats have also arrived :-The Mayflower, Lieutenant-Commander Greville M. Temple; the Bullfrog, Lieutenant-Commander Cornmallis W. Mar_ tin; the Hasty, Lieutenant Commander William Menziesthe Griper, Lieutenant Mforgan Singer; the Traveller (tender to the Colossus), Lieutenant Prince Victor of Hohenlohe; the Julia, Lieutenant-Commander C. H. Clutterbuck; the Pelter, Lieutenant-Commander Henry L. Round; the Ruby, Lieutenant-Commander Henry G. Hall; the Tickler, Lieutenant-Commander Charles J. Balfour; the Thistle, Lieutenant-Commander David Spain; the Erme, Lieu. tenant-Commander John DArcy; the Sepoy, Lieu, tenant-Commander Henry N. EKox ; the CarnationLieutenant-Commander Philip Saumarez; the Herring, Lieutenant-Commander Louis Geneste; the Mas tiff, Lieutenant-Commander Willinam F. Johnson; the Sandfly, Lieutenant-Commander Beville G. W. Nicholas; the Lively, Licutenant-Commander John C. Byng; the Thrasher, Lieutenant-Commander George L. Sullivan; and the Magnet, Lieutenant-Commander Charles J. Rowvley. In addition to these the following pendants are flying at Sheerness :-The Waterloo, 120, Captain Lord Frederick Kerr ; the Trusty, 14, floating battery, Captain Frederick A. Campbell (being dismantled and returning stores); the Wildfire, steam tender to the *Waterloo; the Formidable, 84; and the My-rtle steamvessel. The East Lndiaman Herefordshire, of 1,350 tons register, is ordered dowvn to 'Woolwich from the East India Docks, to embark :.1G officers, non-commissioned officers, and gunners of the Royal Artillery proceeding to the Gibraltar station. They were yesterday morning inspected and paraded infrolit of thequarters bythe General-Commandant of the garrison, attended by a staff of officers. They consist of twvo full companies-namely, Captain Dumaresque's, No. 8, of the 5th hattalion, and Captain H. I. W. Jerviss 1st company, 7th battalion. Orders were subsequently given for the embarcationi to take place from the Arsenal wharf to-morrow. The Thunderbolt floating battery has arrived at Woolvich, and is to be admitted into the basin, where the pro. cess of fitting is to commence without delay. The steam transport Rhadamanthus, Master-Commander C. P. Cole, and the steam troopship Dee, M1aster-Commander Thomas Puller., have arrived at Woolvicli from lortsmouth to resiune their ordinary duties. A large detachment of non-commissioned officers and privates from nearly every regiment now serving in the East left the Invalid Dep&t, St. Mary's, yesterday morning, having beeis discharged from the service on the recommendation of a Chelsea Board. The whole of the men have been sent home in conseqluence of sick-ness or wounds incurred in the Crimea, but vere sufficiently recovered to be able to leave the depi)t. They have been granted pensions varying in amount according to the nature of their wounds and length of service. TEIE MIMITIA. A Dublin journal, announcing the arrival of the Tipperary Militia Artillery in that city, says:-" In physical appearance they are generally far before even the Guards. In marching the band plays no other than Irish airs, and it is the only corps wvhics still persists in being played to mass every Sunday, almost all the men and several of the officers being Catholics. The regbziment has been for some months, we understand, 3imost without crime, and on the march no; a single man was absent, tired, or drmok-an unprecedented fact in military annals."
KARs.-Supplementary papars relative to mility affair in Asiatic Turkey and the defence and capitulation of KLars were yesterday published. These include three despatches or doemneuts. On the 17th of March last Lord Stratford de Redeliffe transmitted to the Foreign-office a memorandum drawn up by Brigadier-General M-ansfield (the 3d of July, 185), on the use of the troops in the proposed expedition to Asia. That officer suggested that 22,000 men (12,000 already being on the coast) should be thrown forward without delay on Kutais, and so relieve Kars bythis powerful diversion. A camp was to be traced and entrenched at Redout-Kaleh. Lieutenant-General Vivian wrote two despatches on the subject of the Asiatic expedition to Lord Stratford de Redeliffe, dated respectively the 2d and 14th of July, 1855. In these despatches he discusses the policy of acceeding to the Turkish proposal of assembling an army of 4a,000 men at lledout-.enieh, for the relief of Ears, under his conmmand, and expresses some doubts of t4.e success of hie scheme unless certain conditions were secured. In his second despatch Lieutenant-General Vivian discusses the memorandum of Brigadier-General Mansfeldw and criticizes n (letaJl the p.oposed plan of campaign.
LATV BREPORT. COURT OF CHANCERY. ML 'S-mE. MAY L - THE,.3!ATTER OF PALMER. (Before tkh LoRDs JuSTICzs of APPEAL.) 31r. DE GEX (at the sitting or the ourt) applied for leave to give notice of motion that Mr. Palmer might be rerroitted to appeal to the fouse of Lords againat the decision their Lordships and the Lord Chancellor had come to in this case. Lord Justice XiIoHT BRuCE.-Take leave to give notice of motion to-morrow morning. It must be stated that the motion is to be made by leave. FXRR V. JEW . The Court of Chancery has at length, for a time, been relieved from this case. Further proceedings will be had at law. Mr. Rolt, Mr. Elderton, and Mlr. W. D. Lewis appeared forthe appeal; Mr. Daniel, Mr. C. W. Wood (of the common law bar), and Mr. J. W. De Lngaueville Giffard sup. portedthe decree of Vice-Chancellor Wood.
VICHCKAIIOC ORS' COURTS. 3LA 1. HALL V. HALL. (Befov Vice-CaneMdlor Sir x. T. KINDESLMY.) lr. HooKs moved in this case to stay all proceedings, on the ground of improper prosecution of the suit, and sought to make MIr. Brandon, the solicitor who filed the bil, liable for the costs. This case was argaed on two motions on a former occasion, having somewhat the same object, and at that period the case was fully reported in The Times. The bill is filed to administer the estate of a person named Hal, a pawnbroker, who committed self-destruction, and whose widow was alleged to have been taken away to Twiekenham for the purpose of getting the conduct of her affairs; and a great number of details were gone into bearing upon that allegation, which was entirelyFdenied by the person instituting the suit, the widow being stated to have fully understood all, and acted independently and ninfluenced throughout. His Honour then reserved his decision, and, there being this present motion in the same matter, it was thought advisable to hear it previously to making any order. Mr. SwyNasrTox appeared forMr. Brandon; Mr.CorrE zL appeared for other parties. "Mr. FooYs was heard in reply. Mr. Glasse, Mr. Roxburgh, andlMr. Hetherington were also counsel in the cause. The VicE-CHNcF.LsoR said this was a most unfortunate case, and a vast quantity of legal proceedings had been crowded into a smal space, far more than could posaiblybe justified. IEs Honour then adverted in detail to the circumstances, and observed that on the evidence it appeared that on the part of Mrs. Hall and her husband's brothers there was a jealous and distrustful feeling, although no such enmity to prevent the family living together for the benefit of the children, and the intervening of the uncles was the most naturalthing with the relative of the widow. It was necessary for her to employ a solicitor, and she thought that her brothers-in-law would not deal fairly; but there was nothine to show that such impression originated with Mr. Brandon, who unfortunately employed his clerk, Mr. dwards, chiefly, wrho acted most injudiciously, not attributing any corppt motive to him, more particularly in advising Mhrs. Ha a to go to hwickenham, for had the parties communicated this case would never have assumed the rancorous aspect it had assumed. Mrs. Hal appeared to have been easily led and misled, and it was the result of the evidence that a suit wlas represented to be necessary, and no doubt a bil would have 'been proper to protectthep y and bring parties to account, the not navng interfered in any but an ordinary manner. Whatever charges, therefore, were made against them by the Fill were from instructions to counsel, and were inserted ma letter from tr. Brandon to the Master of the Rols in the vacation, on the application for an injunction, and from the time it was served the brothers received nothing, but a relative of thewidow's A cross-examination had tak;en plae to show that the suit was unnecessary, hut evidence had been gone into from servants in order to ianpteach moral character, which had better have been spared. There w.as no sufficient ground for filing the bill as regarded the three infants. The hiU must be dismissed as rewarded them. As to whether authority was given to use the name of Mrs. Moore as next friend, he thought that wao s proed, and that she could not he free from the responsibility which she had incurred. But, as to the costs incurred by making threu e o thetindividuals partiest she must be indemnified against them. The notice of motion for commitment had been given hastily, and had it come to a hearing he should have disfissed it with costs. Mr. Brandon must indemnify Mrs. Moore against the costs occasioned bythat notice of moton. As to the costs of the motion by the defendants, which he could not grant, if there had been nothing more than proper affidavits, be should hav<e aefused it with costs, but, being unable to distingiilsh betseen what was proper and what was improper, he feso-igdt as to the affidavits relating to Mrs. Hall's character, ble should refuse it without coats. As to Mrs. Moore's motion, he should refuse it in the same way, but there must he an inquiry whether it would be fit and proper, and for the benefit of the infants, that it should he prosecuted, and, if so, whether it wan fit and proper that a next friend should be substituted for Mrs. Moore. He should not give any one costs ouit of the estate. (Before Vice-Cmancellor Sir W. P'. WOOD.) THE LLIIEIIOUSE DISTRICT HOA&RD OF WORKS V. THE LONDON ocDOs COaPmN-Y. This was a motion on behalf of the plaintiffs to restrain the defendants from excavating or carrying away any portion of the road called Fox's-lane, in Shadwell, and from continuing their wrorks or any permanent works, and stopping Foxc's-lane, until they should hive first constructed and hished fit for use, and thrown open to the public, so as to vest intheplaintiffs, a new street orroad, to commence from the nofrth end of Fox's-lane-bridge and to terminate in Fox's-lane, and should havewidened and imp3roved that portion of Griffin-street which was to formpartof such new street, and until the defendants should also have constructed and finished another new street diverging out of the said intended new street and terminating in Lower Shadwell-street near Orchard-alley. The question at issue between the parties turns upon the construction of certain sections of the London Docks Act, 1853 (16 and 17 Victoria, cap. 106). The arguments on behalf of the plaintiffs not having been concluded, we reserve any further report. Mr. Rolt andMr. G. M. Giffard are for the plaintiffs; Mr. Cairns and Mr. Goldsmid for the defendants.
COURT OF QWEENS BENCH. WEsT=sTFIL IrAV I lIALtLL%MD V. YOUNG. (Sittings in Banco, before Lor2d CA3IPBELL and Justices WIGHTMAxN, ERLE, and CROMXTO?N.) In thiS case tse Court fiad taken time to consider two questions which had been raised on demurrer. The first was whether the plaintiff had any insurable interest entitling him to recover on a polity of insurance which he had effected with the defendant. The insurance was upon a cargo of goods which he had chartered a vessel to bring from Quebec to England, the ship being lost before it arrived at Quebee to take in the cargo. The plaintiff contended he was entitled to recover as for an insurance upon profits. The other question related to the admissibiity of extrinsic evidence to explain the policy. Lord CAMIBPELL now delivered the judgment of the Court in favour of the defendant. The question was whether the underwriter was liable in respect of a cargo which the assured had purchased, and which was lying at Quebec ready to be carried to the ultimate port of destination. The policy was in truth an insurance on goods, beginning the adventure when the goods were loaded on board; a policy on profit was when the goods were landed and delivered. Here no goods were loaded, and the ship was lost before the policy attached, so that the defendant was not liable. The goods might be brought to England by another ship, and the plaintiff could not recover under this policy for the mere retardation of their arrival. The case was not distinguishable from that of "IM'Swiney v. the Royal Exchange Insurance Company,' decided by the Court of Exchequer Chamber. The Court were further of opinion that the terrms of the contract as contained in the policy could not be varied by the correspondence, which, it was stated, had been shown to the defendant. Judgment must therefore be given for the defendant. TO7ER V. CHILD AND ANOTHER. Lord C,AurPBELL now delivered the judgment of the Court in favour of the plaintiff in this case. When the case was argued theCourt weremuchstreckwiththeinconveniencewhich might result if the churchwardens who preside at the election of vestrymen wecre called upon to determline the validity of a churchs-rate which was good upon the face of it. But, on consideraon, they thoughtgreater inconvenience would arise from the contrary, inasmuch as it might lead to the diafranchisesnent of the voters. There was no right of appeal against a church-rate, and aparty assessed had no means of contesting its validity ntil the churchwardens sued him for nonpayment. When sued in the Ecclesiastical Court, the party might allege that the rate, though good on the face of xt,andpurportingtobemadefora lawful Purpose, was in fact made for unlawful purposes, and that there was anmisapplication of the funds. The Ecclesiastical Court would pronounce such a rate to be illegal. The dictum of Lord Denman on this point, in "I : v. Silluifant," was overruled by the case of " Farlar v. Chesterton." The doctrine contended for by the defendants (that they had only to consider whether the rate was good upon the face of it) would disfranchise every parishioner who, from any cause, omitted to pay the rate. The churchwardens might bonJfitde believe the rate to be good, though it might afterwards be decided to be bad in point of Law. But if they acted honestly in rejecting a vote, they would be liable to no action. The declaration in this case followed the precedent in "'Ashby v. WVhite," and alleged that the defendants acted fraudulently and maliciously; but if it should turn out that they had acted bond Jidc that would be a good defence under the plea of not guilty. The plea in this case admitted the eciente,; and only denied the malice ; and it might turn out that the defendants knew the rate to be bad, and had sely refused to enforce the rate. Upon the whole, the ourt were of opinion that the replication, showinp the illegality of the rate, was sficient; and that the rejominder, merely showing that the rate was good upon the face of it, had never been quashed or disputed, and was a subsisting rate, was bad. the judgment of the Court must therefore be for the plaintiffs. LISTEIS v. LEATHER. Thisrl a an action in which the plaintiff, the patentee of certain irventions for improvements in woolcombing, su ed the defendant for an infringement of his two patents granted respectively in 1S50 and 1852. At the tria, which took place some time since before lord Campbenl, at Guildhall, the defendant obtained averdict, upon the ground that the plaintiff's patents were substantially the same as Heil man'S patent of 1846. The plaintiff had since obtained a rule for a new trial, upon the ground that the verdict was against the evidence* a rule also bad been granted, on the application of the aefendant, to enter a nonsuit. These ru(s now came on to be argued. The Attorney-General, r. Grove, Q.C., and Mr.Hindmarch appeared to support the case for the defendant; and SirE. Thenger, o r. ni. Smith, Q.C., Mr. Webster, and Mr. Chance for the plaintiff The arguments occupied the whole day, and, not being concluded when the Court rose, it was adjourned till tomorrow (this day.) ElATh, COURT. (SWiEngs in EBunco, before Air. JZustice COLIinDGE.) TH QUEEN . LIOHlTFOOT. Mr. HAn moved for a rule to quash an order for the maiuntenance of an illegitimaete child made by jusices at retty sessions for the West Riding of York, which had teen brought up by certiorari. The party against whom ihe order was rnade was residing in Scotland when he was ,ervedwiththe summons, and the question to be decided was whether a- surmmons served in Scotland was sufficient to give the justices authority to proceed. There was no reference to Scotland in the act under which proceedings were taken. Rule granted. EM PARTE RICIURDSOV.-IM T MATTT E OF AX ATTORNEY. Mr. 0. B. C. HAka'so-s applied for a rule calling on an attorney to show cause why he should not pay over the sun of 51., with interest, and the costs of the application. The applcant,Mr. Richardson, had tsone time since advanced . ona promissory note to a person named Bullock. Not wishing to sne in his own name, he endorsed the note without consideration to Mr. Jenkyns, an attorney, who endorsed it to a Mlfr. Thornton. MIr. Jenkyns handed the note to the gentleman against whom the applicationwas made, with directions to sue in Thornton's name for the benefit of Richardson. An action was brought, and 5u. recovered, but the attorney refused to pay it to Richardson, on the ground that he had a claim apainst Mr. Jenkyns. Rule to show cause.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, W srisT. Six 1. TALUIS V. AIRD AND ANOTER. tzvn2gs in Banco-Easter Term.) This Court to day sat in Error. in the Exchequer Chamber. (SiUtags at Nisi Prius, at GuiWaU, before Lrr. Justice WLLmAUs and a Commcon Jurv. ) iMr. k5kinner and Mr. Mills were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mr. Serieant Shee and Mr. Parry appeared for the defendants. This was an action brought to recover damages for libels alleged to have been published by the defendants. The first libel complained of was contained in the fifth number of the Haeneyand Stoke Newington Journal, printed by the defendants, and was in the following words:- " Although most of our subscribers, advertisers, and cor-espondents have been made acquainted with the circumstances under which a party (the plaintiff), lately employed by Mr. William Gaspey from purely charitable motives, has been attempting to take advantage of his illness by assuming the proprietorship of this journal, we think it needful again to repeat the caution contained in our last, and to apprise them that this journal is the sole property of Mr. William Gaspey, being entered by him at Stationers'.hall; and that his interest is represented by his wife, Mrs. J. Gaspey, duringhisillness andconsequent incapacity. We have received complaints from several of our advertisers who have been imposed on by the unauthorized and fraudulent use of Mrs. Jane Gaspey's name by the p arty herein aluded to, and w;ho have been consequently drsappointed by the nonappearance of their advertisements, and also from others whose advertisements have been incorrectly inserted. The latter has arisen from the same party having purloined the original order-book from Ar. Gaspey's house to aid him in his impositions." To the count in the declaration charging the above libel the defendants pleaded, under the recent act, that they were not actuated by malicious motives, had made an apology, and aid 101. into court in satisfaction of the damage sustained bythe plaintiff. To this plea the plaintiff repliedthat he had been damaged to a greater extent than 107. The second libel declared on was contained in a handbill, the publication of which was hrought home to one of the defendants (Tunstall), and was as follows - " ImpudentFraud and Cruel Attempt ofa Servanttotake Advantage of the Illness of his Master.-I hereby give you notice that Charles TalUs (the plaintiff), who by his circular claims the proprietorship of the Hackney and Stoae Neoington Jous na1, was employed by my husband, William Gaspey, as a servant, at 11. per week wages. That he had no share whatever in the journal, which is entered at Stationers' hall in the sole name of William Gaspey. That be has not advanced the money required for the establishment of the paper (having only recently come out of Wlhitecross-street Prison). That he has made unauthorized and fraudulent nse of my husband's name and my own, and that he has collected money and advertisements elonging to us by fraudulent representation, which he has not paid in or accounted for. I beg to apprise you that I shall apply per. sonally for all payients, orders, and advertisements on account of the Hacl;ney anld Stokve Neington Journal, and to caution you against giving them to any one but myself. " J%xE G,RuPE. "Irollytree Cottage, 10, Prospect-terrace, Stoke Newington, Oct. S, 1855." To the last count in the declaration the defendants pleaded simply, " Not guilty." The circumstances under which the first hbel was published are these:-Some time ago the plaintiff and a man named Gaspey jointly set on foot a newsper called the Hackney and Stoke Neminyto) Journal, the defendants being the printers. Soon after the commencement of the undertaking Gaspey fell ill, and was unable to continue to take part in the management and conduct of the paper. On this the plaintiff and Gaspey's father aranged with the defendants that the copies of the number which they were then printing should be sent to him (the plaintiff) for distribution. This was done, but the plaintiff then for some reason or other changed his printers, and employed a person named Thom to bring out his next number. Before, however, it was circulated, the defendants had got out and circulated an opposition number on Mrs. Gaspey's account. A dispute thereupon ensued between the rival parties, and the result was the publication in Mrs. Gaspey's paper of the first libel, and subsequently, by the defendant Tunstall, the publication in shape of a handbill, of the second one; for the forner libel an apology or offer to apolooize was made, and, on the first issue, the juryfound for the defendants; on the second issue they returned a verdict for the plaintiff against the defendant Tunstall, damages 151. 3LIS V. BENEET AND ANOTIrER. MIr. fruddleston and MIr. Digby Seymour appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Serjeant Pigott and Mr. Stephens forthe defendants. This was an action brought by a surveyor against the defendants for services rendered to them. The trial was not concluded when the Court rose. WVe therefore defer our report.
COURT OF EXCHREO.UMR THURSDAY. MAYV1I ADY V. rOLTT,A1.D. The Court did not sit to-day in Baanco, nor will it to-iaorrow. (SiUings at lVsi Prive, before Mr.Baron 3uiTnx and C~onm imo .Th,-irq-l ulDe ceclaration in this case stated that the defendans had assaulted the plaintiff, and gave him into custody on a false charge of felony. The defendant pleaded "N1ot Guilty." Mr. EnDWn JAMES, who appeared on the part of the plaintiff, said that gentleman was a partner in the firm of fay and Son, who carried on business in the Strand as army outfitters, the defendant carrying on the same business in Jersnyn-street, St. James's. The plaintiff, having turned his attention to making beds for exportation, had obtained a patent for the manufacture of a bedstead which shut up in the shape of a portmanteau, called the " Crimean bedstead," which had been extensively used during the late war in the Crimea. The plaintiff and defendant having had several transactions together, the former suspected that the latter was manufacturing the same article, and he accordingly called at the defendant's place of business, and there found a model of his patent bedstead. IEHe took it in his hands and said he should see about it, upon which the defendant, without any explanation, sent for a policeman and gave him. into custody upon a charge of stealing the model. The p laintiff had been taken to the station-house and the cbar"re had been entered. No apology had been offered, but if even now the defendant would offer to make one the proceedings would be carried no further. Mr. ST}EETES, for the defendant, said his client was very sorry for what had occurred, but he beleved at the time he had given the plaintiff into custody that he had a right to do so. He hoped that under these circumstances the action would not be carried any further. A verdict w as then taken for the plaintiff for 20s. SPIELLIMAN V. lWITE. RAP5HAEL V. SUME. Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Quain appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr. Prentice for the defendant. These were two actions brought against the same defen. dant, for assauilting the several plaintiffs, giving them into custody, and causing them to be locked up in a policestation on a charge of felony. The defendant pleaded " Xot Guilty." It appeared that tie pEaintiffs were two persons who had come over from Holland, and were now employed by large firms in London in the manufacture of cigars. On the 15th of March last they had gone into the defendant's publichouse, 118, High Holborn, and had given a sovereign in payment for some refreshment. A half-sovereign and some silver were returned them. One of the plaintif immediately saw that it was not a good half-sovereign, and asked the defendant for change for it. The defendant took it up, bit it, and asked them if they thought to " ring the changes" upon him. He ordered them out of his shop, and, upon their refusing to leave without their money, he gave them into custody%on the charge of passing a counterfeit ialf-sovereign. They were taken to the police-station, where, notwithstanding they gave their names and address, tuhey were locked up all night. When they came before the magistrate the defendant did not appear against them. They were then discharged, and the defendant had refused to make them any compensation. The defence was that the defendant had given a goodhalfsovereign, or thought he had done so, and, receiving a bad one in return, had in consequence given the plaintiffs into custody, believing that they were guilty of the attempt to pass the bad money. The defendant had acted bond fdc in the matter, and the reason he had not appeared against them before the magistrates was because of his ir healtb. Mr. Baron Mnvs, in summing up, said the only question for the jury would be what amount of damages the plaintiffs were entitled to. The defendant really believed they had given him a bad half-sovereign, and acting under that belief he had given them into custody, for which they were entitled to compensation. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiffs in both cases, with 101. damages.
EXCHEOVER CHMBERB. I.AY 1 THE ROYAL 1iRITIS1 BEA2I V. TuROUTAND. (Siltings in Error.-Pre.sent-The LoRD CmUEF JUSTICE of the COUPT of CO00mtOx0 PLEAS, the LORD CII;F BA,RON0 of th, COURT of EXCHEQUER, Xr. Baron ALDERSON, Mr. Justice CRESSmEmL, Mr. Ju,stice CORoNDER, Mr. Ju.stice WILLES, and Mr. BarOTLBREAIr ELL.) This was a wvrit of error from ajudgment of the Court of Queen's Bench, and came before their Lordships upon a demurrer to a plea. The declaration stated that the action was brought against the defendant, as the official manager of Cameron's Coalbrook Steam Coal and Swansea and Loughor Railwav Company, for the nonpayment of a sum of money secured by a bond in the penal sum of 2,000., under the common seal of the company. The defendants pleaded that, although the directors were empowered to bCrrow money under the seal ot the company, by bond or mortgage, in accordance 'with a resolution to be passed at a general meeting of the company, yet tat no suchresolnteon authorizing the making of the bond in question wvas passed, and that the same was given without the consent of the ahareholders. The case was arguXed in the Court of Queen's Bench, when judgment was given in favour of the plaintiff. Mr. Lusir now appeared on behalf of the defendant, and contended that the plea was a good plea, and that the judgment of the Court below was falacious. -Their Lordships, without calling: upon Mr. Bovill, who represented the plaints, affirmed the judgment of the Court below. Judgment affirmed accordingly. ESPOSflO V. DOWDXEN. The. declaration in this case stated that it was agreed between the plaintiff, who was master of the Maria Christina, of Naples, and the defendant, that the ship should go to Odessa, and take on board a cargo of wheat, which was to be conveyed to the port of Falnouth. Thirty-five days were allowed for loading and unloading, and the plaintiff alleged that the deferidant, notwithstanding reasonable and proper time having been allowed hin, had made default, and kept and detained the ship on deemurrage at Odessa. The defendant pleaded that he was a British subject, and that before the arrival of the ship at Odessa, and before a cargo could be procured, war was declared with Russia, and he could not fulfil the terms of the charterparty without trading with the Queen's enemies. To this the plaintiffin his replication stated that by anOrder in Council the right of' seizing enemies' property on board a neutral vessel had been waived. Lord Canpbell, in the court below, held that the replication was no answer to the plea, inasmuch as the Order i Council had no application to the loading of British goods on board a neutral ship ; that the contract was not dissolved by the declaration of war; and that the defendant night have loaded the ship without having been guilty of any illegal act; therefore he was liable for the non-performance of the contrnct, aud consequently the pleawas no answer to the declaration. Mr. liELIsl urged that the plea was good, and that the judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench was erroneous, The declaration of war with Russia rendered it illegal for a British subject to purchase or load a cargo at Odessa, which had become a hostile port.;. therefore the charterp could not have been folfiled. The Orders in Council which had been issued contemporaneously with the declaration of war did not extend the rights of English subjects in case of war. Had the cargo been loaded at Odessa it would havo been property iUegaUy purchased from the enemy, and would have been liable to seizoare and confiscation. Mr. MIdANisTy, on the other hand, contended that the declaration of war did not render it Megal for the defendant to load the cargo at Odessa, and consequently the charterparty was nbt rescinded. It was clearly not a contract to go to Odessa and load a cargo from a.Russian subject, asL the defendant had the power of trading through the plaintiff, who was a neutral, and whose vessel was a neutral, andrmight have taken on board his own or a neutral's cargo at Odessa without vioLating the law. The Orders in Council had not been madewhen the time for the loading of the vessel had arrived. The declaration of war was not a suIlcient answer for keeping the vessel on demurrage. Under these circumstances he submittedthat the judgment of the Court below was right, and ought to be affirmed. Mr. M1ELTsis having been heard in reply, Their LoimDsifrs intimated that they would reserve their judgment until they had heard the arguments in the case of "1'1eid v. Hoskins," which was of a similar character, and which stood on the list for argument.
ARCHES' COURT, THUPSDAY, MiY 1. XOU2ii V. YOUNG. (Befor-e Sir J. DODSON.) This was a suit for a divorce promoted by the wife against the husband. Dr. Bayford was about to open the case, when Dr. ADD.Ams interposed, and said that he could not see that he could do Mr. Young any good by arguing it. The learned JUDGE was of opinion that the facts were clearly proved. Dr. BAYFORD merely wished to say that the conduct of the wife had been most exemlplary. Dr. ADDAuIS assente(L. The learned JUDGE signed the sentence.
PIUEROGATIVE COURPT. THURSDAY. BY 1. rnMMLIS V. rnmLLIPS AND PInurPS. (Before Sir J. DoDsoN.) Sir J. DonsoN delivered judgment in this case, the facts of which were reported in Thle Times of Dece-mber 15. It was a question, lie said, as to the validity of the will of Mrs. Julia Ann Phillips, wvho died at Exeter in the spring of the year 1853. She vas a widow, and left behind her four children-three daughters and one son. The amount of property over which she had a disposing power was of the value of 10,0001. The will was dated on the 25th of October, 1852, and purported to give 1,0001. to each of the two elder children, audtheresidue between the twoyoungest, who were muinors. It appeared that originally the sumnthns disposed of was her own absolute property, but it had been the subject of a settlement on her marriage with Mr. Phillips, in August, 1826. According to the tenour of the settlement the trusteeswere to paya moiety ofthe income arisingtherefrom to her husband, with benefit of survivorship, and subject thereto to be divided between the children of the marriage as the husband and wife should by any joint deed or wiU appoint, and in default of such appointment then among the children in equal shares. No joint appointment was made, and Mrs. Phillips, having survived her husband, the power of disposal among the children became vested in her, which power she purported to exercise by the will in question. The will was propounded in a common condidlit, and the opposition to it was founded upon the alleged insanity of the deceased, which was pleaded to have exhibited itself shortly after the birth of her second daughter in 1832. In support of the wil it was contended that until the last tvo weeks of her life, when she was attacked by cholera, she had always been of sound mind, managed her own affairs, and corresponded by letter with her friends. The will, making as it did a most unequal distribution of her property, was not one which the Court would be desirous of upholding; nevertheless, if she was of sound mind at the tune of its execution, it would be its duty to pronounce for it. It was, however, clearly proved that on various occasions she bad acted in a manner in which it was only charitable to her to concludethat she was insane. She had thrown a carving knife at her husband,had accused thenurse of attempting to poison the children, and on another occasion had r -m efter them herself with a knife threatening to murder them. The keepers of several lodgings where she had resided deposed to her insanity, and, from her habits and manners, had given her notice to quit. She had declared that she could not account for her aversion to her husband and children. and that she had prayed to God to soften her heart. On the death of her husband, which took place suddenly in 1852, she desired that her eldest daughters, who had been living with their father, should be brought to her, and at first she embraced the eldest of them under the idea that it was the second daughter, but on discovering the nistake she repelled her. The solicitor by whom the will was drawn, and who was one of the attesting witnesses, believed at the time that she was in a state of capacity, but, from information which he had since acquired, his opinion had been very much shaken. The other attesting witness was struck with the injustice of the will, but hoped that she would alter it. 'Upon the whole, the eldest daughters appeared to have conducted themselves with great propriety under the trying circumstances ill which they were placed. The Court felt confident that she would not have made suclh a will had she been of sound mind at the time, and it was therefore its duty to pronounce against it. Under the circumstances, he would decree all the costs to be paid out of the estate.
INSOLIVENT DEBTOBS' COURT, Mray 1. IN }1E THOLMUS BKI'ESON. (Before Mfr. Commisdioner PHTLL1rs.& At the rising of the Court lxr. ISARGOOD made an application for the discharge of the insolvent, now in York Castle, on a committal by the Judge of the County Court of Xirkby-Ionsdale, in Westmoreland. The learned counsel made the motion, thought he feared the Court had no jurisdiction to entertain it, but it was a matter that required publicity, in order to obtain an amendment of the law. The facts were that the insolvent, being in Lancaster Castle, petitioned in June last, and obteained his discharge at the County Court. Among his creditors was one Hartley, for 451., with a statement that he had proceeded in the KirkibyLonsdale County Court. In July (after the discharge) the insolvent was committed by that Court for 40 days, as the warrant was antecedent to the petition. On the 17th of M1arch inthepresent yearthesame Court at Xirkby-Lonsdale again committed the partyfor40 days,notwithstandingheproduced his adjudication, andahowved that the debt was entered in the schedule, and on the 19th of April he was captured, and now in York Castle. It was stated in thse warrant that it appeared that the defendant was in a position to pay the debt and costs, but failed to do so, and thereupon he was committed for 40 days. Mr. Sargood characterized the commitment as monstrous, and one in which the insolvent was left without resnedy. and whiclh might be adopted by other County Courts if a stop were not put to it. The first commitment was, perhaps, allowable, seeingtbat the warrant was before the petitiosi, but the second could not be justified. The judge, in his wisdom, lsad decided that the partv was of ability to pay, and had overlooked the fact that future property was for all the creditors, anid that a judgment could not be enforced for one. The only remedy at present provided was by the 90th of the 1st and 2d Victona, chap. 110 (the Insolvent Debtors' Act), which provided that the application should be snade to the same court out of which the proceeding issued. In this case it wasabburd to apply to the County Court Judge, and another reason was that, as the County Courts only " blossomned once a month," the irnprisonment wvould nearly expire. UJnless something was donse thlese commitments might go on without remedy. Mir. Commiissioner Panaun's was afraid the Court had no iarisdiction in this case. Under the Protection Acts the C:ourr had discharged where the commitments were after the order, but in the Prison Act the 90th section pointed cut the Court to which application was to be made. In that case the application was to be made to tho very Court which had committed, because thse man was in a position to pay, the Judge not knowing that future property was applicable for al creditors under certain circumstances. He really could not see, if these things went on, what would be the use of this Court sitting, if County Courts were permnitted to conmnit after a discharge. Mr. SARGOOD declared it wvas a monstrous state of things that a County Court could override everything. Had a wrongful commitment taken place, by a writ of the Coart of Queen's Bench a Judge at Chambers could set it right; but there was no remedy, except to the same Court, and it was absurd to apply for the reason he had stated. Mr. Commissioner PIULLIPS regretted that this Court had Lo jurisdiction to interfere in the matter. Mr. SARGOOD was apprehensive that the Court had no jurisdiction, but it was sech a case tnat it was necessary it should be brought before the public, in order to see wha could be done in the matter.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, 27mrsday, May L The sittings of the Court for the April adjourned sessions were continued to-day at Westminster, before Mr. PASHIXY, Q.C., Assistant-Judge. There were 40 prnsoners for tnial. ITHE HOL"IELL-STREET NUISANC The defendants, Duncomnbe, Ward, Bosworth, Eglinton (indicted as Dugdale), and Maiy Elliott, convicted on the iprosecution of the Society for the Suppression of Vice for selling and uttering obscene books-and prints, were brought up for judgment. The ASS%ISTAI-TJUDGE after remiarking upon the case of Duncombe, who had been previously convicted of the same offence, sentenced him to siX months' hard labour, and each of the other defendants to two months' hard labour. Mr. Metcalfe appeared for Eglinton. George Williams, 27, was indicted for and found guilty of stealing a purse, containing 101. 11. 4d., frora the porson of the Hon. Charlotte Lyon Bowes (Iady Glamisl, on the platform of the Paddington terminus of the Great Western ailway. The prisoner was one of the most notorious members of the swell mob, and on his apprehension on this charge Mr. Collard, the superintendentof the railway police, tracea out his career, and found thathe had been convicted atthe Manchester Sessions, of robbing a gentleman on the Exchange of 30!., and eentenced to a year's hard labour. That conviction was now proved by Inspector Sandford, of the Manchester olice. Whicher, the detective sergeant, said he had known the prisoner for years as a swell mobslsn, and the companion of those who pursuled that avocation all over England. The prisoner was tsken into custody, with tw o others, at the STorvnchFBestivl wzhen Jenny Lind performed there. The Assrsmiev-JuvJgE sentenced the prisoner to six years' penal servitude. Mr. Digby prosecuted; Mr. Lawrence was for the prsoner. Henry HIarris, 35, a military-looking man, described in the calendar as a solicitor, was placed at the bar to plead to several charges of fraud. Mr. BALucm', on behalf of the friends3of theprisoner, called Mr. Wakefield, the surgeon of the prison, vho stated that in his opinion, which was conSned by that of Dr. Sutherland, the prisoner wvas not in .a 4it state of mind to plead, being in fact insane. Upon this the julryfound that the prisoner 'oas oint to plead, through unsoundness of mind, and he wvas removed mn custody.
POLICE. MAINSIOV-UOuSE.-Thomas Taylor, a servant tothe Great Northern Railway Company, was brought before Alderman Fxn-aa, charged -with having stolen two dead salmon, of the value of l0s., the property of that company. William Smith (572) said,-About 20 minuntes past 6 o'clock this morning I saw a van belonging to the Great Northern Railway Company standimn in King Villiamstreet. The prisoner was in the van, doing something to a box. I watched him, and saw him, with an iron hammer in his hand, lifting up the lid of the box with the handle, which Is in the form of a chisel. He then took the other end of the hammer and lifted up the lid, and took out of the box a salmon, and placed it under some tarpaulin and straw. He then lifted up the lid again and took out another salmon, and deposited it in the same place in which he had placed the other. He then nailed the box down, got out of the van and on to the driving-box, and tookthe reins and was about to drive off. I went to hi and told him I wanted him. He said "What's the master7" I said, " Come down, and I'r tell you." He said, " Oh, take no notice of what has occurred; there is nothing the matter." I said, "I must take notice of it, and you must go with me." He said, "It's all right; I must go and deliver these goods." I said. "I must take you and the gods to the station-house. You have been robbing that box." He said, "For God's sake don't take me; rgive you a pound-rll give you a sovereiga-if you won't take me-nay, I'll give you 51. rIl give you anything in the world if you won't take me." I said, it was more than I I dare do. He said, " rm a ruined man if you do. I know what your duty is, for I've been the same myself. yve got a pension. rve been in the force myself." I said that he ought to have known better than to make sach aa offer. Ithen took him to the station-house, and he took the hammer from undar his waistcoat, and sai'd to me, "This is the thing that I did it with." I found in his pocket several nails, and upon searching the van I found F the two salmonproduced, wrapped np in a portion of the tarpaulin and straw. HL Johnson, porter at the King's-cross station of the Great Nobrtaern Rlailway Company, said,-The prisoner is a idriver of a van in the same service. I checked the goods which were sent in the prisoner'svanthis morning, and entered them in the book produced. There were three boxes of salmon and other goods. They were all right when they were put in the van. H. Cameron, van boy in the- service of the company, said,-This morning, between 5 and 6 o'clock, I left the station in the van driven by the prisoner. I noticed that one of the lids of the boxes was rather loose when we left thestation. We were to take the boxes to the SouthEasternRailway. They were all safe when the prisoner stopped the van near London-bridge, and told me to go down to the market and see if there was any ice there. I left the van to make the inquiry and was avay about 10 minutes, and on my return I was informed that the van was at the Seething-lane station, The Prisoner.-I have nothing to say, my Lord, He was committed for triaL GuimDHLL.-John Jones, a tailor, and Edwin Coombe, a sawyer, were charged witla highway robbery. The prisoners were remanded. Thomas Brodie, who was remanded from this court for stealing a gold pencilease, value 25s., from the office of Mr. Mackay, in Paternoster-row, was again placed at the bar, and, some further evidence having bee given, he was fully comnutted for trial. William Graves, an old man 6S years of ate, was charged with stealing a silver spoon and fork from the coffeeroom of the Sussex Hotel, Bouverie-street, Fleet-street. Fully committed for trial. 2Lu=oRouGH-STREEi.-John Ingram Owen, George Smith Owen, and Edward Owen were brought before Mr. BL'SGHsA for further examination, charged with numerous forgeries. M!r. George Dawes, wholesale hatter, said lie carried on business in Union-street, Borongh. On Tuesday, the 25th of November, the prisoner Edward Owencalled uponhim, and said "I have brought this from my father," and givinghim a letter requested hin to read it. Tne prisoner's father was a customer, and when he failed at Shrewsbury he owed money to the firm. The prisoner asked him to get an account of his father's debt ready, and he -would call the next day and pav 6s. Ss. in the pound of the debt. The prisoner called the next day and handed him a check for 201., out of which he vas to take 121. ls. on account of his father. The check purported to be drawn by G. L. Owen on Messrs. Grindley and Co. The prisoner requested to be paid the difference, and on witness telling him he had not sufficient change, the prisoner asked for a check. BIe objected to this at first, but eventually he did give the prisoner a check oi hIs Lbankers, Mlessrs. Price and Co., for S. An order for a checlk-book was shown to this witness, who said it vwas not in his handwriting. The check for 1601. signed "llayhew and Co." was not in his handwriting. The check on Grindley and Co. was a forgery. John Lancaster, one of the clerks at Messrs. Price and Co.'s, proved that an order for a check-book uas brought to the bank as if from Messrs. Mayhew and Co. A check-book was delivered to the bearer. James Sedger, cashier at Price and Co.'s, said, a check for 1601., signed "Mlayhew and Co.," was presented by the prisoner John Owen. He sent a note to Messrs. Mayhe%v and Co., but before the answer was received the prisoner had left the bank. He gave a description of the prisoner to the police, and was now certain of the prisoner's identity. Samumel Harris said, the eight forged checlks and note for check-book to Messrs. Couttsa psuporting to come from the late Mlessrs. Lloyd, were in George Owen's handwriting; also the order for the check-book obtained from Mfessrs. Price and Co. Remanded till nest Thursday. SouTivu .vRI;.-Kichael Flaherty, John Barrett,Timothv Counor, end John Sheen were brought up for final examination, charged with committing a murderous assault on Richard Reeves, a watennan, in the Lion and CastleTavern, Bermondsey-wall; also with making a ferocious attack on Mr. Newton, the landlord. The magistrate said that Connor was proved to have committed the assault on the landlord, therefore he should fine him920s. or one month. As for the other men, they had grossly lused the waterman without the least provocation, and they must each of them pay 31., and in default be committed for six weeks. The fines were eventually paid, and the prisoners liberated _
rAdvertisement.3- -"The Poisoner ofthe 17th Century.' TIh fcp. Sro., price Is iL fancy boards, or free by post for22 stamps. " Tho llarcbionesq of l3rinvillierM the Poisoner of the 17th Centur,.' by Albert Smith. " Greatas is the interest generaUy taken by the public in Mlr. .Albert Smith's works, it is nevertheless very much to be doubtedif 'tbehTarchioness of Brin'viliers' will not exceed in sale any of his previous publications. On the eve of a trial without a paraUel in thiscomntry. itvividlypourtrays,bya master mind, similar dark and mysterious deeds that actually occurred two centuries since in France, snd which by their excitizng interest have become matters of hIstory in the annals of that country." London, George Routledge and ijo., Farringdon-street, and al bookselleip and railway stations. tAdvertisement.)-" IMemioirs of the Court of the Regency," from ori-inal familydocuments, by the Duke of Buckingham and Chandos, .G., 2 voli. This work is just published by Messrs. Hurst aud BLaekett, successors to Mdr. Colburn. Among the subjects elucidated in these volumes will be found-the Personal History of the Priuce of Wales, with Notices ofhis principal Friends. pubEicand private-the Career of the Princess of Wales att Home aud Abroad-the Last great European Coaiition against Napoleon-the Visit of the Sovereigns to England-the Coniouct of the Princess Charlotte-SleridLru at Carltoui-house-the Private Negotiations of the Marquis Veilsley arnd iMr. Canning-the Seret Policy of the Cabinet -Russian Intricues-Proceedings of the Viscount Castlereagh and the Duke of Wellington, &a. fAdvertisement.1-Will you dine with uS to-day? The Wifes On-nllookof Cookery," teDslvlhatto provide, audhowbest to dress and lay on the table a dinner for two or more in any style, either eheap or castly, and adapted to any income, small or large. This useful book contains above L,500 original receipts for dishes that can be got up in any housebold, and is illustrated with 250 descriptive engraving " Eleg3aut Arts for ladies," gises plain instructions in every elegant sat and graceful accomplisCent. Price 3IS Gd. each. Should be in eren' lady's keepinz. Bechstin's " Handbook of Chaniber and Cage Birds" (2s. QL), "l'reasures in XNeedireorie," by hlrs. Warren snd lIre. Pullan (is Gd.), are the hest books on their sub-. jects. Superbly illustrated. WVard aud Lock, 15i, Fleet-street. t [Advertiseimient.]-Adnrinistrative Rerforn.-The Educational Test for Goverancut Appointments.-Out of 1,078 persons, cand'dates for public service, one-third were rejected on account of deficient eduication. John Cas7ell proposes to afford mneans for acquiring a comprehensive acquaintance with every branch of mnowrledge which can be included in a good education. On Saturday, Mfay 10, wil be published No. l, price 1>d., of " Joho Cassel's Educational Course." The course wiUl commence with " Science Popularly Explained;" or 4,oO questions upon usefl branches of sc-euce, with intelligible ansvers and illustrative diagrams. Loudon, NY. Kent and Co., Paternoster-row. FAdvertisernent.1--.e Engglishwooman's Domestie Magazinc," 2d. monthly. WVritten by accomplished authors Illustrated by famous artists. The hay numberof ths magpaine commences a new volume; and its past success basenabled the proprietors to make such arrangements with authors artists, and printers, as ViU leave it unrivalled. It is printed on superior paper and with increased care The iustrations (always many and good) are really thO best obtainable. Thus the proprietors have already obtained the services of Birket Foster, John Leech, and Noel Humpbreys. Theme gentlemen have undertaken to illustrate a tale by the editor, the "Path of Roses," commencing inthe May munber. Other eminent artists will iUustrate shorter stories, poems. &c.. amonF which wil be found an interesting series of "Tales of the OPerss' Articles on subjects PeculiarlyinteestlngtowomenwilMfrequentiya ppear-s hitberto. The magazine will also preserve itsreputation forusefnunesas welsainterest A member of the Royal College of Surgeons-a man of large experiense in publichoopitals-will contribute a series of articles for nce in medical and surgical emergaencies Thesepecers wilbelound under thehead " The Doctor." Valuablereoipes!or thetollet and tha bousebold will alsobe liberally upplied. The work-table department is now placed in t-he expeenced hands of Mxs. P1ilan a and the proprietors feel confdent that the resuitof these arrangemnenta wi be a ragazine unapproachedin its clasa A specimen number will be sent by the publisber, S. V'Beetdn, -18, Bouverie-street, Lnodon, on receipt of te slampe; or order of any bookseller.
T1 BEBGLA2N FREE-TRADIE CONGRESS.-We announced some time ago that it was the intention of the FReetraders of Belgium to summon a congress, to be comosed of representatives of all nations, for September next, at Brussels, to take into consideration bow far existing fiscal laws and regulations interfere with the extension of commercial relations betveen the various countries of the world, and to devise the best means for extending the apple atiln of free-trade principles. We are indebted to the courtey of m. Corr Vander Uaseren, president of the Freet;rade Association of Brussels, for an early copy of the circular wvhich is now being issued, summoning the congress anddefining its objects, and we need not ask for itthe serious attention of the manufacturing and commnercial public in thege districts. Manchester has reaped too many advantages fromfreetradeto hasegrown lukewarm inthe advocacyof its prineip]es,andits interests nretoo closely bound .mp with the extension of our commercial relations with every Part of the globe not to hold ont a welcome hand to ether conmunwities who are cuiblous of becoming our imita-. tors in the worlk of commercial reform In entering upon this career no country has a stronger claim upon our symnatilies than Belgiumii. It resembles our own in tbe character of its population, in the size and activity of its commercial cities. in the nature of its prrsuiti, and, above all, in the freedom which is necessary to full and useful discussion. Its own tariffis one of theimost restrictive in existence, and therefore stands first in order among those which have to be overthrown. Its ports open to us the highways of commerce into the heart of Germany, while its situation next to France, its use of the same language, and the case with which thoughts travelfrom Brussels throughthelength and breadth of the great empire adjoining, render it an admirable field for the discussion of free-trade sentiments, and the inauguration of commercialreforms. Thus, in a noble and beneficent sense, we may hope to see Belgium still the battle field of Europe. A free-tradecongress is undoubtedly far less picturesque and imposing- than a Waterloo, but how infinitely more just and permanent may be its achievements ! We shall be mistakenif the statement of the principles and objects of the forthcoming coagresss, ss embodied in the circuxlar, does not win favour from the practical men of this city. The design of the gathering is not to discuss the abstract claims of a -trade policy, but; to take steps for insuring its adoption. Kiowledge is re- - garded as the great lever of success. Hence the committee of orgarnzation are auxious to 4btain a mass of facts relating to the working of the restrictive systemnin various countries, trusting to these as the likeliest means of malking an impression on the minds of the-'people, and, through: them,. upon thseir Governments.-iAfoadsescs- or atniner m MolcsxoN ThIIGRXNts.-The early cheap train npfrom Bristol on Monday morning was laden with Mormonites on their way to Liverpool en route for the Salt Lake. At Worcester no less than 68 others, of whom at least a third were children under five years of age, were waiting to join them. They were almost all clad in smock frocks, and were evidently country foLk of the most ignorant class. One old man, who said he was S2 years of age and stone blind, with a wallet on his back, told one of the railway porters with the gravest possible countenance that he had " faith," and was going off in the full expectation of having his sight restored. One woman, faint of heart, was. aomg to run away at the last moment, but the elder caught er b the arm and compeLed her to return. The "prophet," who bad the chief oversight of the "saints," havmgseen them all safely inthe carriages (hirmself muchtoo Inowing to go along), went round and gave them the idsg. of peace, not forgettmg to make a collection for himself, wInch he did so successfully that he carried avay a doublehandful of copper and silver.-Worm0ee'r Clcsronic7c. [Advertisement.1-" Raclel Gray," by Julia Kavanagi.h nos ready at an the libraries, in onr voL.; O 6d. " A cha.'-ing nzd tea:ching sto.y, narrated wvith grace and skill. .fo on+ ean rcacd the story anid not fed a good infiuience from it. The characters have a, hife-likereatity about them_`-AthencTum. Hurst and ulackett, rubLshers, sucoaisora to Ifeney Colburn. fAdvertisement.]-The "Dispatch" of Sunday next ?day 4. wll contain tho Ratification of the Treaty of 3'earc, Coaxestions, and Pclamatfon-an Essay entitled, -The iroctugition of Feace" Letters by Publicola, "To lo-drPalmerston," and by Caustic, "TheKIars Debate" The 2liltary Inquiry-The Anny intSrCe-jesa -Town Talk, &c.-Office, 139, Fleet-stret.t [Advertisement.]-" Bell's Life En London," of Sunday next, 7slaY 4. will cosntin full and exclusive particulars of the Newruarket rirst Spring MeAeting-aces for the Two Thousand and Ono Thousand Ginena-Prognenu,e and Anticipations of Chest,er, the Chlester Cp.e se.Arek and Epcte-LastLtting, and an d els. ere-.eAuticsYAch ti ng OAf ord an d Cambrie W e UnivesilYPoat Races, &c-Cricket at the UnriversAities and elsewvhere- Che2ss -AAD6hng-PedestrianLu-ismpjn Ehooting and Flirn,-WrestlDgtoe Rng; the Chanspionshlp, a,nd Other important Fietic Ness: and al te Spo rtig antd MiAscell aneou Intellen c o the Wcek, PriXe, ..ta,ed, 6d.; unstanped, Pd. Office, ],0, Strand. [ALdvertisement.i-..he " Er.a " is the lasest newvspaper a the Aorld, sadwill contain many importantorigsral amtit _crons crents of the day-Conclnion of reaee and Pre etios for PubIc Rteioictags-Indiiand Lo,rd Dalhousie-Jotti gsofParliament,by a ,M em ber--Full re,p,ort ohf theC,xaud Manic 'e iAlATbc WiniereTala sttbe Princess's rr-TbeNewnarketiSriag meeting and Touchstone' ~h@ampien for cheChesterCop. Toulchstane WAs the oulyPorting w,ter .,ho Prophesied Farotetto towin the2vOODGuin aad7.tanganesetbe I,COO Guineas, for which see "Era" of Apnrl27. Orderoa aene, orsad tsix postage t tamFe totredecie LegIer, S. Catherir-. L
tELAND. -- - --- _b TrHE DISALMAMNT. (rM oUR oW coMMMoNMNT.) DUBLIT, THUPsDkY MoRN2iN. It seems that the expectations respecting the tniploynent of the Irish militia for another yeetr on active service are not to be realized. The DuMlin. Alail now announces that a correspondence upon the subject has taken place between the War-office and the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland. lis Excellency was informed that the Government had resolved upon disbanding the ElngEsh and Scotch regiments of nllitia, and Lord Carlisle was ask-ed whether there was, in his opinion, any valid objection to taking a similar course 'with respect to the Irish militia, and, as the reply is to the effect that the Irish Government sees no objection, the Irish militia will, no doubt, be disembodied. It is generally supposed that the medical officers will receive compensationi. THE StAfWAY FOPMEaRIES. The case of M31r. Montgomery Knighting is beginning to assume a rather formidable aspect, and if all, or even half, the allegations of fraud charged against him be substantiated, he must be regarded as a not unworthy disciple of Mlr. John Sadleir himself. In the Court of Queen's Bench yesterday morning Mr. Fitzgibbon, Q.C., applied for and obtainied a writ of Jiabems co2jpts, to procure the attendance of James JIL Knighting, -who is at present in custody on two charges of having forged railway transfers, at the head police-office, on Friday, MIay 9, for the purpose of having preferred against him other charges of a similar nature. It is understood that alleged forgeries by the prisoner of names of persons of great commercial eniinemce in Belfast, MIanchester, Liverpool, &c., wvill form the subject of investigation on that day. THE TUPPERARY BANK. The MLail of last night, in the following remarks respecting the proceedings before M1aster Murphy on Mlonday, but echoes the expressed opinion of every one wsho has read or heard the dreary mass of legal verbiage w-hich occupied the Court for the wvhole length of a day wfithout scarcely any definite re- "The 'w inding-up' of this concern shows alarming indications of sanienles of character -with the Chancery windings-up of old times. It has begun, at all events, as a grand lawyers' ballue, wvhich shows every possible semblance of probability of ending as such affairs usually do-in the disappearance of the oyster and the final transfer of the empty shells to the creditors. It seems to us to be quite clear that the disgust of the public will not be overcome unless a great deal more firuness be shown by the Mlaster, and a fuller confidence in his own opinion and authority. The affair is manifestly passig into a wrangle of lswyers, which it is, or ought to be, the business of the Court of Chancery to prevent. Ridiculous or frivolous pleas, brought forward with no result than a consumption of time and of the common money of the creditors, ought to be quashed at once and with an award of heavy costs upon any who trifle upon so grave an occasion. There areinterests involved in these proceedings much Larger than any that concern merely tbe contributories and creditors of the Tipperary Ban,k. The public safety requires that it shall be shown whether or not Chancery intervention in cases of banLruptcy continues to be the mischievous farce ithas everbeen: and w,-hether or not such crimesas those perpetrated by certain parties in this case are absolutely unpunishable under our present system." A private meeting took place yesterday before the 3Master in Chancery for the examination of witnesses, including Mlr. Keating, M.P., and the Secretary of the London and County Bank, with which Mitr. John Sadleir was so intimately connected. THE rOULOCK EVICTIONS. Mr. Pollock, the wealthy Glasgow merchant, who has recently become an extensive landowner in the west of Ireland, has brought with him peculliar notions of the rights of property, which, strange to say, find but little encouragement or sympathy on the part of the Irish press, whether devoted to the landlord or popular interest. Indeed, it may be saiid that, rightly or wrongly, almost every man's hand is raised against him as far as regards some recent proceedings taken by him for the better clearance of his estates in Galway, and which, as has been seen, have not escaped the censure of the most eminent of the Parliamentary leaders. A Conservative provincial journal thus touches upon this subject:- " Mr. Alan Pollock's dealings with the tenantry on his extensive Galway estates we were the first to notice and to censure, and since then others of our Conservative contemporaries, both local and metropolitan, have concurred with us in our opinion at that time expressed that the wholesale eviecion of families from their holdings, as a system for the general management of property, is a violation of the duties attached to its pos-session, not only as regards those who suffer by its application, but in reference to the interests of the State and the well-being of the community. The defence set up in one of our contemporaries for this heartless style of treating the tenantry is, that in every instance they are paupers and unable to cultivate the land, and that in Mr. Pollock's employment, as day labourers, they would be more comfortable and more serviceable. If this were the fact it would be a considerable patliation, but we regret to find that such is not the rule or system of lMr. Pollock; his avowed practice, upon which he has been endeavourirg to .ct, is toputout of their holdings those whoare solvent, and who have the means to pay for and cultivate their farms. It is this eviction and turning out of an entire district from their homes which we felt called upon to condemn as against the interest of the country, and as oppressive to the persons upon whom it is exercised, which the acquisition of higher profits and of greater income will not deprive of its offence, even though it be carried out in strict conformity with abstractlegal rights. The world condemns with its contempt and disapproval the proprietor who would ruthlessly assert his right of ownership by remorselessly destroymg some ancient monument or picturesnue object, even though it be not profitable; but he who uses that power to remove the industrious occupiers of farms and houses deserves much stronger reprehension, since he not only deforms and defaces the most attractive portions of a landscape, but he commits an injury upon the progress and production of the country which the grazing of the fattest cattle, with greater profit, wi not justify or excuse." TE[E FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 91j .; ditto, for account, 3Iay 8, 91j 8; ditto, for newv account, 92,; New Three per Cent. Stock, 91 i.'- City of Dublin Steampacket Company of 100't., 59- tD'ubln and Liverpool Steamship Building Company, 43,. PRilways.-Great Southern and Western, for account, SlA; Midland Great Western and Royal Canal, 50;, 5l; ditto, half-shares, 25g.
TPHE AmmERICN MTATirs.-LIVERPOOL, Mlay 1.- The British and North American mail screwv steamshin Asia will leave the Mersey for New York on Saturday. The post-office hours for receiving letters and papers are 6.30 a.m., 7.30 a.m., and, at the landing-stage, &30 a.m. CO-NHICT PRISONS IE IREAND.-A small " bluebook," lately issued, contains the second annual Report of the Directors of Convict Prisons in Ireland, for the year 1855, presented to both Hfouses of Parliament by command af Her Maiesty. It henoe appears that the gross total numiber of convicts in Ireland on the 1st of January, 1856, amounted to 3,462, of whom 3,490 (2,860 males and 6.36 females) were detained in the Government prisons. The total number of convicts sentenced during the year was 518, of whom 33 were codemned to tranisportation, and 485 to penal servitude. The directors are gratified to be able to report their success in establishing a proper system throughout the convict establishments. Tbey have in every possible mannerendeavoured to separate the juiveniles from the adults, and regret that the difficulty ir: obtaining a suitable site for a juvenile penal reformatory as delayed the progress desired. A great desire has been evinced by the prisoners to receive instruction,-a result achieved throungh great exertion on the part of the teachers. 'The great stnmblingblock to improvement has been the low and depresism -opinions that prisoners i-n general hold of their own qualificatious, believing it to be imTPosible that they are susceptible of improvemen-t. The directors are rejoiced at the introduiction of a bill by the Irish Governmeat to mform jnvenile offenders, bat thero are many alterations wiuoh they would wish to see in the }English act; among others, they would prefer that the age of admission be restricted to juveniles under 14, instead of 1G years of age, and that the imprisonment to which a juvenile is to be sulijected previous to his committal to a .Reforiat should beseparate. Great difficulties present themselves in the final disposal of female convicts, wh-j are shunned on their discharge by persons of their own oclass, and hence the value of 3emale Refuges, wherein dischexged convicts may undergo a probation and puirification of oharacter from the stigma of rime. T'he directors accordingy proposed last December that eenemplary convicts should ob draughted into existing private charitable institutions willing to receive them, where the disposition of each inmate should be studied, aznd -the certificate of character be founded on that study, together vwith reconimendations which would then be considered surffciently satisfactory to obtain her employment. As regards the ticketof-leave system, which has not as yet been brought into xxctual operation in Ireland, the directors foresee that great .-fficulty will arise in the dispesal of convicts cent home fsem Bermuda with a xiew to be dischar-god on tickets-oflicmnse, and they cannot feel justified in prsuing any diffezxet course than that followed in their own prisons under the ;kinction of the Lord-Lientenant. TLe condzct of severgl of these prisoners appears to render them fitter subjects for a course of separate imprisonment than discherge on license, and the directors trust that in future only tk'se whose conduab throughout their imprisonment wa rrans such an indil,genco wvil be sent home with that view. RA3iG O.F M3INES BTT.-A bill brought in by 31r. Kendall, Sir C. Lemon, and Mr* 31 Williams enacts that, after the 29th day of September next, the occupiers of all mines (other than coal mines) shall be rated to the relief of the pocir in the several parishes wherein iheir mines may be situate, The annual rateable value of smen mines, for the pnrpose sf the assessment, will be estimated at the sum which for the year ending Lady-day iminediately preceding each assessment shall have accrned due to the lord for rent, royalty, toi,I or dues in respect of sulch mime, or the value thereof in mzOney where the same shall xe reserved or rendered in kind.
- - THE GEJBRAL THANKSGIVING. The ArchUishop of Canterbury has issued the following Fo-rm of Prayer for the General Thanksgiving:_ * ".Almughtyand merciful Father, who by Thine overruling Providence dost govern the nations upon earth: we Thine unworthy servants desire to approachThee this day withthe voice of praise and thanksgiving. We bless Thy holy name for the success with which Thou hast crowned the arms of our Sovereign and her alies in & perilous and destructive warfare; for inspiring our forces, both by sea and land, with a courage and endurance which neither the numbers nor the bravery of those opposed to them could overoome. But chiefly we acknowledge it to be of Thy great goodress that Thou hast caused strife and contention to cease, and hast restored the blessings of peace to Europe. Praised be Thy name for this and all Thy mercies. Grant that every renewal of Thy lovingkindness to. wards our country may lead us to unfeigned thankfulness, and dispose us to walk more hunbly and devoutly before Thee, by following Thy holy will and command. ments, and by promoting whatever may tend to the increase of true religion and virtue throughout the land. Unite all ranks of men among us in the bonds of brotherly love and Christian charity; endue them with a spirit 6f piety and justice, of industry and temperance, that the blessings which we have long enjoyed may be continued to us and our posterity. "1 We further beseech Thee, 0 Lord, that the nations who have been engaged in the late contest, and are now relieved from the dangers and calamities of war, may seek and pursue those things which make for a people's happiness and welfare, by the maintenance of righteous laws, by the furtherance of kindly intercourse one with another, and, above all, by the cultivation of true and undefiled religion, to the end that, through the tranquillity now happily restored, the Redeemefs kingdom mnay be enlarged, and the nations of the world united in striving to exalt and magnify Thy glorious name; throughJesusChristourtord. Amen.< PROPER PSALMS A XD LESSOxs.-Morning-Proper Psalms, Psalms xxxiii., xxxiv.; First Lesson, Isaiah xii. ; Second Lesson, Romans xii. Evening-Proper Psalms, Psalms cxlv. to cxlvii.; First Lesson, Deuteronomy viii; Second Lesson, Romans xiii. THE JEWISH SERVICE. "The following is the Order of Senice to be used in all the Synagogues of the united congregations of the British empire on Sunday, the 4th of May, 5616, appointed for a General Thanksgiving to Almighty God for the restoration of peace:- "ArTznsoox SERNci. "1 Psalm Lxxxv. "PstAYEt.-(Translation.) "Lord of Peace ! who guidest and leadest the host of Heaven-the countless celestial orbs who obey Thy rules, and follow, without injuring and without confusion, the paths which Thou hast appointed them, for Thy stamp and seal is Peace - to man alone hast Thou granted understanding, to perceive those Thy wonders, Thy kindness and mercy, that he may rejoice and give thanks. " We feel ourselves bound, 0 Lord, to approach this day Thy holy presence with heartfelt thanksgivings; for though Thou afflictest, Thou comfortest; though Thou woundest, Thine own hand healeth again. Thou, 0 God, has shown us hard things, and hast made the earth tremble. Multitudes of her children have poured out their souls unto death, while fighting valiantly for righteousness, and now rest gloriously. But Thy anger is a moment-Thy favour is life. In Thy merey Thou hast stilUedagain the noise of the seas, the tumult of the people, and the storm intheir breast. "Thy ways are ways in the sanctuary. Even out of mischievous deeds bringest Thou forth happiness and safety, making war itself a great instructor, to teach the blessings of peace, to bring nation near unto nation, to establish their rights and independence, and to carry light and knowledge-the fruits of civilization-to the former abode of darkness. "0 Thou who judgest the world with righteousness! to Thee we thankfully acknowledge that the earth is quiet again, and the sword returned unto its scabbard; that a covenant of peace is established; and that our brave warriors, covered with ancient and with new glory, will soon return to their happy native shores. 0 send now Thy Spirit unto all the inhabitants of the earth, that all envy and hatred between nation and nation may cease-that brother may no longer imagine evil against brother, but that all may join to promote each other's welfare, and support each other's prosperity; so that she earth may be full of knowledge, as the waters cover the sea, and the abundance of peace last as long as the moon endureti. "' Lord of Mercy! Continue to draw down as a river Thy lovingkindness to her who is best praised by her own virtuous works, our most gracious Sovereign, and to her illustrious Consort, and to their beloved offspring, as well as unto all the noble and valiant who surround her throne. Shower down Thy blessings upon this highly-rejoicing metropolis and its noble chief magistrate, and upon all the inhabitants of these happy realms. Preserve unto all the germ of peace, the heavens yielding their dew and the earth her produce, so that every man may dwell beneath his own vine and his own figtree, and fear not. "Trust of Isra6l! We cast ourselves on Thy great mercy. Grant that the scattered dlock may repose in the shadow of peace, so that wherever they may be, they may dwell in tranquillity, in the fear of Thee; aud that under the sway of religious rulers, they may find affectionate hearts, acknowledging that, created by the same Father, they are brethren, sharers of the same peril, and partakers of the same prosperity. " Hasten, 0 Lord, Thy help and favour unto Zion, Thy holy city, so that many nations may flock thereto, knowing T-hat from her shall come forth the law, and Thy word from Jerusalem. Amen ! " Psalm cxi. "A PRAYER FOR THE QUNx ASND ROYAL FAMrILY. "He who dispenseth salvation unto Kings and dominion unto princes, whose kisgdom is an everlasting kingdom, who delivereth His servant David from the destructive sword, who maketh His way in the sea, and a path through the mighty waters; may He bless, preserve, guard, assist, exalt, and highly aggrandize our most gracious Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria, the Prince Albert, Albert Edward Prince of Wales, and all the Royal Family. May the supreme King of Klings, through His infinite mercy, preserve them and grant them life, and deliver them from all manner of trouble and danger. Subdue nations under her feet; cause her enemies to fall before her, and cause hier to prosper in all her undertakings. May the supreme King of Kings exalt and highly aggrandize her, and grant her long and prosperously to reign. 3May the supreme King of Kings, through His infinite mercy, incline her heart and the hearts of her councillors and nobles with benevolence toward us and all Israel. In her days and ours may Judah be saved, and israel dweU in safety; and may the Redeemer come unto Zion; may this be His gracious will, and let us say Amen." "Psalm el."'
THE THA2,-sSGIVING SERMON BEFoRE TrE HousE OF LORDS.-It was ordered by the House of Lords, on Wednesday, that the Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells be desired to preaci before the House in Westminster rAbbey on Sanday next, the 4th inst., the day of public thanksgiving for the restoration of peace. KING'S COLLEGE HospITAI.-The annual festival of King's College Hospital-an institution which has, perhaps, more claims to public support than any other in the metropolis-was celebrated yesterday at the London Tavern. The Earl of Harrowby presided, and at the crosstable 'were observed Lord eadstock, Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. Wood, and a select party of clergymen and gentlemen connected with King's College and its hospital, including the Rev. Dr. Jelf (Principal of Ring's College), Mr. Alderman Copeland, MIr. W. Cotton, Dr. Guy (Dean of the 3tedical Department of Kings College), Dr. Johnson, Mr. Moody, Yir. TwiniLg, &c- Kng's College Hospital needs no recommendation. It is situated in the heart of the metropolis, and, being accessible to a vast nuniber of the poor inhabitants of the surrounding districts, it is naturally exposed to incessant calls, and therefore requires a more than usually liberal amount of support. The hospital itself is quite a model institution; its organization is perfect, and its medical staff is unsurpassed by any in London. Last year no less than 1,233 in-patients were received, and 23,214 out-patients. The expense of building and organizing the new hospital has been considerable, a enm of 50,0001. having been expended, or being in process -of expenditure, for the purpose of completing the arrangements. The cost of maintaining the hospital itself as a therapeutic establishment is 65,0001. a-year, and to make up this sum the assistance of the public is required to the rK.mount of 3,5001. The above-mentioned facts naturallgyconstituted the basis of the speech of the evening, in the delivery of which the noble chairman took occasion to observe that this was a new era in the history of the hospital, inasmuch as an improved system of nursing, on the " Nightingale" principle, had been recently commencei-an example which the managers of other hospitals would do well to follow. We may further intimate to the pzblic that a strong appeal is made for a contribution of 1,5001. to "liberate" a sum of 8,5001. (required to complete a certain total amount on the hospital account) wvhich will be immediately subscribed if the said sunm of 1,5001. be forthcoming. The appeal of the noble chairman was responded to by a list of donations amounting to 2,2001., exclusive of annual subscriptions. Various tts followed, including "The Health of the Medical Officers"-among whom Dr. Guy (apart from his merits) may be mentioned as one of the most conspicuous, from his official connexion withiKing's College as Dean of the Faculty of Medicine. The arrngements of Messrs. Bathe and Co. for the cosufort of their guests left nothing to be desired. The musicaf arrangements were under the direction of Mr. Shoubridge, ard Mr, Hmir abl3 officiated as toatmaster.
PORTUGAL. IITSBO1, AI.IL 2S. flat House of Deputies has at last disposed of the Oppozitiob motion to adjourn the discussion of the two bills relatingto the quotation of Portuguesefunds upon the Stockexchange, and a new loan of 3,000,0001. for public works, until the Finance Committee should report upon the railway and other projects for which the loan is proposed. The division took place on Monday, when the Ministers had double the number of Opposition votes, as I already informed you would be the case, 71 being in favour of immediate discussion and 35 for the adjourument. The debate upon the two bills commenced yesterday, and continues to-day, but I do not see how it can be very protracted, unless the Opposition is resolved to repeat in respect to each of the financial pro jects the argments which, upon the question of adjournment, had completely exhausted the matter. In respect to*the railway to the Spanish frontier, IL Fontes declared the Spanish Minister at this Court has re. ceived full powers to negotiate a convention for the junction at the frontier, which is to secure in a stipulated period a railroad communication from Lisbon to Madrid, Paris, and the rest of the continent. The Viscount de Castro, formerly Minister of Finance and Foreign Affairs, has been appointed Plenipotentiary to conduct the negotiation on behalf of Portugal, to which he brings great experience and ability; he formerly belonged to the Count de Thomar'sAdministrations, and his selection for a negotiation of such great importance to Portugal, a; it will regulate many pending questions affecting communication and trade with Spain, is very creditable to the present Cabinet. The Peninsular packet Madrid arrived here on the 21st in four days from Southampton, and will, after returning from Gibraltar, take the homeward mails on the 29th. Some anxiety is felt here in respect to the Minho steamer, which left Liverpool on the 14th, and has not yet arrived.
COURT CIRCULAR. The Queen went yesterday afternoon to the Exhibition of the Royal Academy in Trafalgar-square. At 3 o'clock Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort left Buckingham Palace, accompanied by the Princess Royal and Prince Arthur. The following also left in seven of Her Majesty's carriages:- The Princesses Alice, Helena, and Louisa, and Lady Caroline Barrington. The Prince of Wales, Prince Alfred, the Duchess of Sutherland, Mistress of the Robes, and the Duke of Wellington, Master of the Horse. The Marclioness of Ely, Lady in Waiting; EarI Spencer, Lord Steward; and the Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain. The Hon. Mary Seymour and the Honm Emily Cathcart, Maids of Honour; and the Marquis of Abercorn, Groom of the Stole. Lord Waterpark, Lord in Waiting; and Viscount Torrington, Lord in Waiting to the Prince. Major-General the Hon. Charles Grey, Equerry in Waiting; and Colonel F. H. Seymour, Equerry in Waiting to the Prince. General Sir Edward Bowater, Groom in Waiting; Colone Francis Seymour (Scots Fusileer Guards), Groom in Waiting to the Prince; Mr. Gibbs, and Lieutenant CowelL Sir Charles L Eastlake, the President, and the officers of the Royal Academy received the Queen and Prince Albert, and conducted Her Majesty and his Royal Highness through the Exhibition. The Queen returned to Bucldngham Palace soon after 5 o'clck. -.~ Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kentvisited Her Majesty. His Royal Highness 2rince Albert presided at a meeting of a committee of the Royal Commission for the Exhibition of 1851,held yesterday at Buckingham Palace. The other members present were the Earl of Derby, Earl Granville, Lord Stanley of Alderley, Lord Overstone, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Right Hon. W. E. Glad stone, M.P., the Right Hon. B. Disraeli, M.P., and Mr Coulson, Q.C. Mr. Edgar Bowring, secretary to Her Majesty's Conmmissioners, wasin attendance. The meeting, which took place at 11 o'clock, broke up at half-past 12. Her MIajesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, accompanied by Prince Arthur, honoured the Haymarket Theatre with their presence in the evening. The Royal suite consisted of the Marchioness of Ely, the Hon. Emily Cathcart, Lord Waterparlk, Major-General the Hon. 0. Grey, and Colonel F. H. Seymour. A meeting of the Governors of the Wellington College was held yesterday afternoon at the Palace of Westminster. Present-His Royal Highness the Dake of Cambridge, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Duke of Nolrthumberland, the Marquis of Salisbury, the Earl of Derby, the Earl of :llesmere, Sir James W. Hogg, and Mr. Cox. Mr. Chance (secretary), Mr. Shaw (architect), and Mr Holland (builder), were in attendance. A deputation, consisting of MIr. A. Bruce, M.P., the Hon. R. W. Clive, M.P., Mr. Dillwyn, M.P., Mr. H. Gwyn, MLP., Mr. Talbot, M.P., Sir G. Tyler, MLP., Mr. Vivian. M.P., and Mr. David, Chairman of the Cardiff Union, had an interview with the Right Hon. E. P. Bouverie yesterday, at the offlice of the Poor Law Board, on the subject of the bill relating to the removal of Irish and Scotch paupers. A deputation from the Sanitary Committee of the Vestry of the Parish of St. Mary, Islington, had an interview yesterday with the Right Hon. William Cowr, MLP.. at the office of the General Board of Health, Whitehall. The deputation consisted of IMr. Alfred Groom and Dr. Ballard, Medical Officer of the District, attended by Mfr. Alfred J. Berry, Chief Clerk to the vestry. A deputation from the Little North-Western Railway Company had an interview with Lord Stanley of Alderley and the Right Hon. Robert Lowe yesterday, at the Board of Trade. The deputation consisted of Mr. Alcock (chairman), Messrs. HorsfaUl and BurLill (directors), Mr. Wheler (secretary), Mr. SmaUlman (engineer), and Mr. Baxter (solicitor). Despatches were received at the Colonial-office yesterda from the Governors of the West India Islands.
PARLIAMENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. FRIDAY. L&Y 2. ORDERS OF THE DIAY. Polce (Counties and Boroughs) Bil],-Committee. Fire Insurances Bill.-Adjourned debate on secondreading. National GaUery Bill,-Commnittee. Education (Scotland) Bill.-kecond reading. Poor Law Amendment Bill,-Second reading. Whichwood Forest Bill,-Committee. Prisons (Ireland) Bill,-Committee. Juvenile Offenders (Ireland) BiDl,-Comnittee. Snpply,-Comnittee. Ways and Mfeans,-Committee. Nuisances Removal, &c. (Scotland) Bil,-Second reading. Agricultural Statistics Bill-Second reading. Scotchand Irish Pauper Removal, Bi4l-Second reading. Partnership Amendment (No. 2) Bill,-Secondreading, Burialgrounds (Ireland) Bill,-Committee. Joint-Stock Companies Bill-Committee. Joint-Stock Banks Bl,.-Adjourned debate on going into committee. Wills and Administrations Bil.-Second reading. Oath of Abjuration Bill,-Committee. Grand Jury Assessments (Ireland) Bill,-Second reading. Church-rates Abolition Bill.-Comunittee. Juvenile Convict Prison (Ireland) Bill.-Committee. Poor law (Ireland) Bili,-Second reading. Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland) Bill,-Second reading. NOTICES OF MroTIONs. hlr. E. EDlice,-Toask the Lord-Advocate whether he has prepared anybilforthe better superintendenceof thePoorLaw in Scotland; and, if so. w hen it is likely to beintroduced. Mir. lVatson,-That the petition of the Corporation of Hull, praying to be heard by their counsel, agents, and witnesses before the Select Committee on Local Dues on Shipping, be referred to the maid committee, and that the petitioners be heard by their colunsel, agents, and Bfr. Horsfall.-Simllar niotion in regard to the petition from the Corporation of Liverpool. L,ord Hotham,-To move the same in reference to thle petition from. the Corporation ofithe Trinity-hoiue at HuBl. Mr. Stephenson,-Same prayer from the trustees of the piers and harbour of the port of Vhitby. iMNfr. Deedes,-Copyof thelast report of Sir Wiliam Cubitt on Ramsgate harbour recently subrmitted to the Board of Trade. The Lord-Advocate,-Bill to constitute the Court of Session the Co ut of Exchequer in Scotland, and to regulate procedure in matters connectedt with the Exchequer. The Lord-Advocate--Bill to amend and re-enact certain provisions relating to judidal procedure and securities for debts in ScotlancL Afr. Wilson,-Bill to extend in certain eases the tine for the repayment of loans made to West India proprietors. hfr. Wilson,-Bill to ameind the acts relating to pawnbrokers. Mfr. Wilson,-Bll to provide for the maintenance of navigations made in connexion with drainage, and to make further provision in relation to works of drainage in Ireland. M1r. Alonsell.-To nominate the Select Commaittee on the Aldershott Colmp Bil:-Bfr. Monsell, Viscount Monrk, Colonel Lindsay. Colonel 1North, Mr. Macartney. Mrr. Portal. Sir J. Paxton. Colonel Boldero Colonel Dmnne. Mfr. S. Herbert, and five members to be added by the Committee of Selection. Lord W. Graham.-To ask whether, under the additional and transitory article attached in the Treaty of Peace, the Russians will be allowed to raise the slhipsi which are now sun- in the harbour of Sebastopol. and bring themtthrough the DardancUes to any other part of the Russian domindons. Lord R. Grosvenor,-To ask whether, supposing any members of tho hands now ordered to play in the parks on Sunday afternoon shaU object to do so, either from conscientious motives or from a desire to enjoy their Sunday holyday. theY Wilt be released from such duty. Mtr. Layard,-To ask why, notwithstanding an order in Council, only one master hias been promoted to the rank- of lieutenant in the navy, and not one to the raPnk of commander, out of 109 masters atun itecondmasters mentioned in despatches for special and distinguished serrices during the late waFr. Viscount EhringYton,-To ask wvhy, pending the proposed demolition of the German Chapel, and comp)letion of a new enitrance into St. James'sPark, the public is not permitted, except durig drawiingrooms and levees, provisionally to drive to and from Pelgravia througlr one Or both of the existing catriage-ways eoneitherdsde of St. Jamesg Mr. Ewart-To inquire whether it is the intention (If the Government, on going in committee on the education estimates this year. to 'cause a statement to be made by a Mlinis'er of the Crewn of the progreae and prospects of education. and of iustitutions connected therewith, in conformity with the understanding entered into and partly carried into execution informer yeas Mr. Mowbray.-To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Deparement when he intends to introduce into the house a bill for carrying into effect a scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the regulation of Snerbmnn Hospital, Durham. CoTTox.-LIVERPOOL, May I.-The demand for cotton to-day has been fair, the trade, however, are purchasing with more caution, but the sales to-day reach fully 8,000 bales-1,50) on speculaton and for e.'pert. Prices partially -,d, per lb. lower.
I- YAZ IT1ULL4 OPERA. Tre, as usul, to her appointment, Gristimade her (2a)| "'first appearance" for the season ("rentr" asour allies term it) last night. There was a brilliant audience, and the pit arnd gaUeries were fulL The state of the former; (which is not exactly visile from all points) we took the pabis to discover. As a natural consequence, something like a display of enthusiasm ensued. The boxes and stalls are profitable to the treasury, and confer what is conventionaly denominated " ton,' but the artists look to the pit for encouragement. Kean said, when asked how his Lear had gone off-" Sir, the pit rose ii me." That great actor cared little for the more " fashionable" and aristocratic parts of the house; and others, we believe, very much incline to his opinion. No doubt the occupants of boxes and, stalls appreciate; bnt+they are rarely in the habit of giving strong outward manifestations of their approvaL They have little of what the director of the Musical Union, in his "Record," quaintly terms " demown stratire eestacy." The actor, nevertheless, lives upon applause; the audible expression of satisbction on the part of his audience warms him to his task, and urges him to exer'ion as the scene progresses. Hitherto, we must say, the patrons of the Royal - Italian Opera in its new abode' have been nearly as cold as the lire which burnt down Covent-garden Theatre was hot. A "bravo" for one of Tamberlik's finest energetic bursts-a " Charming !" (or Cha-mant Il) for some exquisitely finished ornament of Madame Bosio's-or a dry laugh for an .ccapada fromRonconi that, at one time (and in another place) would have convulsed the house-have been extorted at intervals; but voil& tout. Iast night things " looked up." The fact is that Grisi is one of those artists who will not, under any pretext, be denied. E1 the first act goes tamely, I she strives (and seldom fails) to do twice as much (like Rachel) in the socond, and thus succeeds in melting the frigidityof a seeminglycareless audience. The audience last night were not precisely indifferent, since they honoured their long tried favourite with a flattering recep'tion-the first gElmpse of her magnificent face and stately figure promising them, as of yore, a genuine entertainment. But, until the final scene of the first act of the opera they were difficult to rouse; indeed, to speak with deference, they were indolent and almost stupid. This did not last, however. The opera was Norma. How many associations of how many seasons were not conjured up at the entrfe of Grisi, with Druid priests, with the golden sickle in her hand, and the vervain wreath encircling her brow! The first recitative, " Sediziose voci," was delivered-it may be said without hesitation-in a style of declamation still unequalled. Two years since Grisd took her final farewell of the English public. Since then she has made the tour of the United States; and the present season is the second-so to say-of her resuscitation. Either she should not have taken leave, or she should not have come back again. Yet (as if all her actionswerenecessarily tobe of a piece with her unprecedented career) she contrived to do both with impunity. She said, "Farewell for ever"-was applauded and regretted-and returned with a cheerful countenance, resigned to the probable consequences of her caprice as if nothing had happened. The public-much like herself in that respectwelcomed her as if nothing had happened; and all passed off to the contentment of both parties. Another leave'aking is of course out of the question. When Grisi retires she must retire without noise or ceremony-her artistic death a natural death. MIeanwhile, so long as Grisi can play Norma as she played it last night, there will not be er3great room for dissatisfaction. We have spoken of the coldness of the audience-for coldness it was at the outset, although by no means so cold as on previous evenings. This was seareely shaLen off during the caratina " CastaDiva"-which with all its weaknesses and inequalities (the inevitable consequence of long, arduous, and devoted service) gave signs of an intonation so pure and a mac vocc Eo delicious that these alone should have vanquished listlessness. What " Casta Diva" failed to do, however, was fully accomplished by the trio jinale of the first act. Here the famous reproach to Pollio, "Aah non tremare, o perfido I" delivered with indomitable fire, shook off the prevalent lethargy. Thepitand galeries applauded vehemently; the boxes and stalls obeyed the signal, and the familiar passage was redemanded, as of old, unanimously, and repeated, as of old, with increased effect. Thence to the end of the first act the sensation was kept up. The passionate address to Adalgisa- "Oh! di qual sei tt vittima"-was even finer (because better sustained) than "Ahnontremare ;" and the curtain fell upon the first genuine interchange of sentiment (if we may so express ourselves) between artist and audience since the commencement of the season. Signor Tamberlik, the most manly and admirable representative of Porio ever seen in England, and MIademoiselle Marai, the most graceful and interesting Adalgisa after MademoiseUe Amalia Corbari (who has yet found no equal in this and similar characters) shared in the applause and the recall. Nevertheless, whatever msay still be the merits of the first act (which, at its best, was never equal to Pasta's), it is the second act of Grisi's Norma, upon which her reputation, with those who are capable of judging, must chiefly depend; and happily it is on this that time has been able to make the least impression. Putting aside the trivial (and popular) duet with Adalgisa, "Deh con te,"-and even that has its beauties-the second act of Grisi's Norma isnow, as it has ever been, unrivalled-one of the greatest masterpieces, in short, of the lyric stage. Grisi has been extravagantly praised for her energetic qualities-her vigour, force, and stamina, her fierce irony, and overwvhelming assumption of passionate rage; but it is in the exhibition of womanly tenderness that she has always surpassed, and even now surpasses, her contemporaries. In the music of the secondact Bellini outdid himself ; and for dramatic truth and intensity of expression it as much surpasses his first, as his first surpasses anything that the reigning musical Emperor of I-aly-SignorVerdi-has composed. Grisi rises with Bellini. Her first scenes exhibit many exceUencies, and the fina'e especialy an overwhelming power; but they are now, as they have always been in some measure, tarnished, with ebuDitions that merge the tragedian in the e'uasi-termaganit. The last act presents no such faults of taste, no such exaggerations of manner and delivery. How simple and impressive the opening scene, where Norma projects, but dares not accomplish, the murder of her children-howv exquisitely tender the confidence with Ad-algisa, when the erring priestess resigns her offspring to the charge of her rival-how sublime her conjuration of the priests after the disclosure of Porno's renewed perfidy-her incitement to slaughter and annihilate the Romans-how full of varied emotion the finalinterview with Porio, illustrated by the famous duet, " In mia mano alfin tu sei," have been told over and over again. Bnt all these must give precedence to the last scene, where Norma, after heroicaly sacrificing herself-instead of her rival (Adalgisa)-conveys that tender reproach to her once treacherous, now repentant lover, expressed by Bellini in one of the most touching melodiEs that ever fell from his pen. The "Qual cor tradisti" was delivered with as deep a feeling, with a soto aoce as perfectly sustained, and a general dramatic truth as striking and affecting, as at any period of Grisi's lengthened career. From this to the end everything was irreproachable, nay unapproachable. There was a world of grief on the supplication to Oroveso- "Del ! non volerli, vittime, Del uio fatal' errore"- And just as powerful a demonstration of intense joy where the stern pnests consent to Norma's petition on behalf of the innocent children. When Norma and Pollio walked to the sacrifice together the curtain descended upon such a displav of dramatic excellence as, until a worthy successor shall be found, we must not expect to see again, unlen; from Grisi herself. Of Signor TamberlikJs Pollio it is impossible to nay too xmuch. He was the first on our stage to raise this character from its normal condition of maudis insipidity. The opening music is poor enough; but everything that can possibly be done with the commonplace cavathia, "'eco all'altar di Venere," and its still more commonplace cabolejta, is achieved by this artist, whose powerful and sympathetic voice is backed by rare intelligence. In the last scene' Signor Tamberlik sang his part of the duet with Norma (': AAh Itroppo tardi t'ho conoscinta"), with as refined a sentiment and a feeling as profound as were exhibited by his gifted companion. Miademoiselle Mari gave all the music of AdaIa charmingly, and acted the character vwith hecom- in grace and sensibility. Signor Tagliafico, without the voice of either Lablache or Formes, was a careful and efficient representation of the personage of the High Priest Oroveso. All the artists were recaUed at the end cf the opera. It was something to see a haeknied opera like Xormba with new scenery, costumes, &e., and more especiaUy agreeable in the present instance since both scenery and costumes were appropriate and beautifuL It is expec ed tnat Signor Mario will appear in the course of next week.
Tim TRLIA op &L-m p t.-We are informed that Ar. Serjeant Shee, Mr. Groves, Q.C., Mr. John Grey, and Mr. Kenealy, and not Sir Fitzroy Kelly and Mr. Balantine, will defe-nd William Palmer at the ensuing Tim NEW liTARy Hosa'rAn.-Great preparations are making for the landing of the Queen on the shores of Southampton water on the th inst., when Her Majesty proposes to lay the foundationstone ofthe New Military Hospital. About 50 men are driving piles to form a jetty at the landing place, and in fornming a gravel walk up to the spot wherethe farst stone is to be laid. Next week men will commence digingfor the foundation. Her Majesty wil land close to therevenue cutter, whichis situated betweenthe residence of Mr. Binghaam, the police magistrate, and Hamble Cliffhouse,recentlvthe residenceof2irs. Gore, the authoress. The spot is exactly opposite Cadlands, the seat of Mr. Drammond. thehanker. A large field, close by thespot at which Her Majesty will land, has been purchased by the Gorvernrnent, and in its ,centre the lsesptalvill be ereeL This field adjoins New Barn-cliff; wvhich is about 40ft. above the level of the sea. The Queen will land on the jetLy At 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and immediately proceed to tShe site of the lmospitsI.Exrnena.
LOCAL DUES UPON SHIPPING. The next meeting of thi6 committee is fSed for Monday next at 32 o'clock. The meeting appointed for yesterday was adjourned, we believe, in consequence of the petition preseuted by the partiesLon the Weaver Navigation to the Isouse of Commons to be heard before the committee.
" GOULD V. WEBB." TO THE EDITOR OF TE TIMES. Sir,-As the plaintiff in this action (reported in your aper ef this day). I ara anxious to remedy an injustice in'dicted upon the defendat (General Webb) by the report of a particuLar passage in the evidence given by me on the As to General Webb's intimation-conveyed in a letter pAblshed it your report-tbat ' 2ho 27azs is his enemy," I can only hope that he has mistak-en your opposition to certain of his political views for personal hostility towards himnelf; althou'h on the other hand, I think that you do sometimes handle'all Americans rather roughly; andyou have recently confessed that somewhat brisk " passages of armse have taken place between you and the GeneraL But, even if there were any hostile feeling on your part, I venture to assume that it would rather insure than obstruct your disposition to give the General any needful opportunity for defence. I have always entertained much respect for General Webb, and received many courtesies from him during the long term of years for which I conducted the European correspondence of his paper, and I am unwilliDg that the hos- tility into which I am forced in this action should be made, the means of throwing any imputation upon his character, my part in the matter being the mere assertion of a pecun-liary claim, founded upon a dispute as to the "effect" and implied conditions of a contract. General Webb's promiinent positionin America, and the extent to which his name is familiar even to your English readers, render it sure that. your reportof this cse vwill attract a considerable amount of attention; and this is my warrant for trespassing upon you. In the report of myevidence thefoLowi;g passage occurs, in reference to a duel in which the General had been con- cerned:- - " General Webb was wounded, and got two yeas imprisonnent; Mr. Mfarshall got free, on account of his privilegeas a member of Congress." With the change of a word this is what I said as to General Webb; or, at least, I meant to say, not that " he got (or received) two years' imprisonment,'" but that he was sentenced to such punishment; the Governor of 1New York, however, immtediately granting him a free pardon, with the full concurrence of the whole " public opinion" of the country. And having some years since been permitted to state these facts in your columns in refutation of an infamous attack by an' American paper upon General Webb (in which, among other things, it was alleged that he was " a convicted felon"), I should both stultify myself and do gross wrong to him were I to let such a statement go forth as mnine -ancontradicted and unexplained. Your " report" is singularly accurate so far as it goes, although much condensed, an not embodying the absolute whole of evidence (oral and documentary), which occupied some two hours in the delivery; and I wish to explain that, in consequence of a letter from General Webb mentioningI the circumstance of the "pardon" having been "put in" simultaneously with the giving of my evidence respecting the duel, I sawv no necessity for proonging my testimony upon a point utterly irrelevant to the questions at issue, by reiterating that which was already before the Court. But when I find that my statement is published without the qualification of its purport afforded by the letter, I venture to appeal to you, not only to do justice to General Webb, but to save me from appearing (to both your Elnlish and American readers) to have taken advantage of his purely formal " conviction" to convey the impression that he had deserved and suffered the ignominious punishment to which "theletter of the lawhadrequired him to be sentenced." And as to Mr. Marshall, I fear that I should sadly libel American justice if I left it on record that a man could escape the penalties of a serious crime "on account of his privilege as a member of Congress." I believe the truth to be thsat r.> Barshall was temporarily protected from arrest by his"< prlvilege," and that hie made his escape before the offlcers of the House could receive orders to arrest him; and that subseuently, no serious results having ensued, and CGeneral Webb being pardoned, the matter was allowed to drop; and so both parties " escaped." The "public " have little interest in the personal part of the dispute between General Webb and myself; but the matter being actually brought before that vast "tribunal of final appeal," I am anxious to say that, although Court and jury have unhesitatingly and unequivocally declared me to have suffered a great injustice, I have by no means sought to charge General Webb vwith wilful wrong in refusing to fulfil his contract with me. And it is also important tome as a question of veracity, to say that, in " denying that the dismissal was for drawing in anticipation of my salary." Idid not intend to deny that such a cause had been alleged (some time after the dismissal); but to deny that it really existed, and especialdy to deny that it had occurred after the making of the last " contract" in July, 1851; this, like all the alleged " causes I of dismissal," appe.aring from the evidence (even had theirj ex;istence been established) to have occurred long before the final contract, .and not to have been alleged or advanced until long after the dismissaL. My statementasto "irregular draughts," as itnowstands, seems inconsistent with my own testimony, and it is, therefore, that I beg leave to add this explanation. I ami. von, obo,hlSei,t' Rfrvm Thusday mornmig. ROBERT ROWVE GOUID.
ATT= PIT To BaEAm oUT OF PRISO.-GLASGow, April 30.-Yesterday afternoon, about half-past 3 o'clock, while the businesswas proceeding at the Circuit Courts, those in attendance were startled by the repeated sounding of the alarm whistle, and it soon became apparent that something unusual was going on in the old prison building in the rear of the conrt halls, especially asthe officers of police wvere rapidly draughted from their stations an the anterior of the court. In fact, a most daring attempt was being made by a desperate gang of convicts to break out of the prison. It appears that, so soon as the prisoners are convicted and removed from the coutrthouse, they ara locked up together in one of the cells of the old prison behind. At the time stated, while a warder named 'Intyre 'was placing two men named Blackand Duncan, who had just received sentence respectively of 21 and 15 years' transportation, into this cell, he (the warder) was dragged in as soon as the door opened, knocked down, and severely bruised, and at the same moment the keys were taken from him. By this means 13 convicts-the majority of whom had in the course of the day received sentence of transportation-were enabled to sally into the corridor, leaving M'Intyre bleeding ancd locked up in the cell which they had just left. They made their way rapidly downstairs, having previOUsly arled themselves with a gaspipe or two, which they had torn from their fixings, and anything in the shape of a staff which they could find. While forcing their way to the open central square which stands between the courthouse and prison they were met by a warder named M'Lauchlan. Of this man they made short work, by knocking him instantly down and leaving him bleeding and almost senseless. They now broke in a body into the central square, and after r-uning round it in all directions, seeking unsuccessfully foran excit, some of them attempted to raise themselves to the roof by clambering up the windows by means of the outer iron bars. As this space was overlooked, both by the prison wickets and by the windows in rear of the courthouse, the alarm 'vas now loudly given. Mr. Stirling, the governor, and Dr. Gibson, the surgeon, happened to be in the lower court at the time, and they immediately descended to the prison by the underground passage, and secured all the keys which opened a communication Nvith the exterior. Meanwhile the prisoners, finding that there was no chance of escape by the central square, and seeing that the alarm had been given, retreated by a narrow arched passage into a small northern court, where they also made desperate attempts to reach the roof by means of the window-bars and "rhones7 or water-pipes. One of the fellows hadso far succeeded, but, as he was pulling himself up the window of the witness room, one of the witnesses took up a bench and, brealing the glass knocked the fellow down again vith the end of it. As they saw their efforts to escape by his means were fruitless they now stood desperately at bay, and, as there was a heap of coals in the court, they discharged these missltes at every warder or police officer who showed his face. In a few minutes the police and criminal officers were fully reinforced, when they charged through the passage right into the stronghold of the 13 convicts. -They were resisted for a moment or two by the prisoners, who used those weapons they had been able to lay bands on, but they were soon completely overpowered, and five or si-; of them were severely cut by the b.ttans of the constables. In fact, blood flowed pretty freely. The insurrection was now at an end, and the wounded on both sides placed under the care of Dr. Gibson, who was engaged for an hour or two attending to their wounds. The warders, after having had their wounds dressed, were sent home. They are much, but it is to be hoped not dangerously, hurt. - This attempt at overpowering the officers seems to have arisen from a sudden and desperate impulse, for there had been neither time nor opportunity to arrange a conspiracy. Almost all the ticket-of-leave men who were convicted received sentence of transportation for 21 years. As this was a punishment much more severe tban they had calculated on they became furiously "riled," and seeing the door of their cell opened, and only one prison officer in attendance, thev resolved to make the attempt whatever might be the consequence. Two or three of the most reckless took the lead, and the rest followed, and aided them as a matter of course. To explain how it is possible that such an affair could happen, it is necessary to state that the south prison is now no longer used for prison purposes. It merely affords accommodation as a temporary lock-up when the Circuit sits, and officers are brought down to attend to it from the nurth prison. But only a limited number of warders can be spared for this duty, without unduly weakening the force, and inviting risk at the great prison in Duke-street, where, of course, the whole body of criminals are locked up, excepting those brought down for trial for the day. At the courthouse lock-up yesterday there were only five male and two female wardera on duty, tak;ng care of about 50prisoners. A larger number could not be- spared hbut in future, and until the courthouse accommodation is reconstructed, the prison officers will no doubt be re;nforced bythe police or otherwise. We beheve that the warder, MIntyre, acted irregalarly in opening the cell door in the absence of his neighbour. Had two officers been present insteadof asolitary n, it is possible that the attempt might not have been mnade. Tax LONDON GMIL ORN-MUS CoMPANY.- TR"Yyxc STATmEunT, week ending April 26.-Total numbef of omnibuses at work, 445. Average number runni dailythroughont the week, 4361 Total receipts, 8,763k 2s. 11l, .&yerap per wmnibns for even days, Ls, ld,
I TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In reference to the comments on existing railway postal arrangements contained in your leading.artirle of thi-n day, and on the statements made in the inaug,,l address of the President of the Institution of Civil Engineers, I am. desired by Mr. Xohert Stephenson, president, to state that, immediately on the publication of the Post-office report to Parliament, he determined to address to the members of the society such further remar3s as appeared to be necessary for removing the misapprehensions evidently still exi.ting onx this suhjec;. This intention sill be carried into effect before the adjournment of the society for the current session, which will occur at the end of the presentmonth. I am, Sir. yonr obedient servant. CHAkLES rANRY- S arAr InBtitution of Civil Lngincer; 25, Great (eorge- street, Westminster, M~ay 1.
THE ZooDoGIAL Soci:TY oF L oSDO .-At . monthly general meeting held yesterday at the society's house in Hanover-square, Mi.. J. A. Beresford Hope in the chair, Messrs. J. G. Barclay, W. A. Sanford, P. Debary, and J. S. Godfrey, were elected Fellows of the society; and Lord Wodehouse, Sir Robert Peel, ILP., Colonel Iomirly, Dr. Graham, Dr. Cockle, lrs. Attenborough, and Messrs. H. W. Jolliffe, ILP., F. l1oxburgh, T. S. IReward, J. Sharp, T. Yallop, and J. Penn, were proposed as candidates for the Fellowship; and hir. Nicolas Pike, American Consul in Portugal, as a corresponding inmember. The report contained a long list of additions to the menagerie, inclo.- ding the " Flying Fox," one of the largest bats of India, a, Tasmanian Thylacine, and other interesting rarities. The visitors during the year bave already amo-nted. to 00,000. PROCEDURE Am) EVIDENU Brr.-A bill brought in by Sir F. Kelly. Lord Stanley, and hr. G.Butt, proposes, further to amend the law touching evidence and proceaure. It extends the sections 20 to 27 of the 17th and 18th oE Victoria, chap. 125, to aU courls ofjustice, andrepeals section. 4 of thel4thandl5th of Victoria, chap. 99 (in part), and sec- tion 3a of the 18th and 19th of Victoria, chap. 96. A - single witness will be sufficient to prove any fact, and tha books of traders are to be adimissible inevjdence. There are various provisions resecrting the details of evidence, &c.
GXORD undl RESIDENCE for a gentleman during .Atlresummerosotb.i a raral locality, fozr milesfromnthe MFarbl . c.Stbigfreqird.Applyto 7di. Godsell. 64. Oxford-street. UtOARD and RESIDENCE WANTED, by a gentle. .2Pman, in a private family (a clsrgyn'an fai wpeerred5). residng W.ibin two I Our.' journiey Of London.Tem mutbmorte AddreessA. B.. 31essrs. White and Bailey's Fr-omenade. Ohetenhant. BOARD and RES1DENCE.-VACANCIES have BocrurrLxl for one or two gentlemen, als a married couple, in a rsipror establishment, -ituate in the neighbourhood of Hyde-porkgarens. AddresB. C..pest-offioe. Little Sussex-place.Hyde-parkn BOARD and RESIDE-NCE REQUIRED, by the en o ay, fora Middle-aged lay. at Mile-end. Bow, or their ~icisit. Trur (wich ustbe odeate adparticular$ to A. B., ~5.Eelrav.etec, Cmmecia-rad ast bypad letter only. Chsrng-coee Ters mst b moerat. Rferecesexchanged. 4Dpl, sttin ful patictlars toAlph, Mr. Kin'. nesa,33, B OA ]) ad R SIDENCE, either partia or entire, myoobandin the home- of a highily respectable lady, si-tuat Siea, haingcros.All thle comforts of a hiome, with moderAte Charge. Addrss BIt., M1r. Fowlee's, druggist, 3r,~ Bedflord-street. BOAR andRESIDENCE are OFFERED in a priatefamly,reiding near Kenmington-gardlens, to a lad4y seeking apermnent ome,and esiring; a large airy bedroom, with domneis ticcomor sa cherul ocety, A smaller room uponi moderateterms. Addrss . W. cae ofMr.Barnes, I, All=sn-terrace. -Kensin3gton- B OAR , &c (StJamnes's-park), at 14~,James-street, Buekugha Palce.commanding an unobetructed view of the park Thi estblismentis conducted en a scale of liberality, and in ameonted y ay i Lndo fo it sueror and healthy situation, RESIDECE maybe obtained in a 0 5 pe annns,For cards of addres apPlY to M.Da,nwppr IDce Wimtereet ssell-s.,uars: if by letter,t ,H BOARD (PARTIAL).-A family, residing in TWoburm-olace, Russell-square, wish to receive - gentleman as F-ARTIA-L ]BOARDER. Terms 15s. per week, which include breakf-ast and te,a, with full board on Sunidays. Cards of address of Si1r. Rteid. 55. Dernard-stree, Russell square. BOARD) and RESIDENCE (PARTIAL) in a genteel establisharent, in Guildford-street. Russ3ell-square, where the numnber is limilted, and all the oDmforts of homea ensured. References cant ho given to gentlemnen who have resided with the family som time. Apply for cards at Palmer' library. 2. LambVs Conduit-street. -BOAR]) and RESIDENCE, or Partial Board only feergentlemen,.within half an boorcof the city or west end. The, situation is most desirable, and the arrngements (which are for dyve m oaoly) will be found to afford ev'ery comfort and convenience. era aderate.-47. Myddelton-aqunre. near to the Ang-el. islington. B OARD and RESIDENCE,thwith superior accommno- _dation, in the newly furnished residence of a professional gentleman, TZwo or three gentlemen see'king a refinled home, withL every domnestic comfort, will find thin very desirable. Liberal table provided. Xor earls of address aPPly to Rt. T., Mir. Swallow's library, Ev erettstreet, Brunswick-square. BOAR) (PRTIAL) WANTED.-A "entleman, enggedduingtheda, RQUIESa good airy'bED ROOM. B"OARD and RESIDENCE.-A lady is desirous of _"meeting wvith the above in a higillyrespectable family, residing at the west end of town or in the vicinitY. The familY must MOTe in iooudrsociaty,and offer acheerful ad agreeable home. A large, airy. and well furnished be-d room required. Address, with full particuflairs, to I,. 31.. cure of Mlr. C. Mitchell. LO, Bed Lion-court. Fleet-street. 1II5,OULD and LODGELGIVA.NTED, by agentle-.L. ma=, his w'ife, and two children (ages 6and 9). also tistion for the latter, in a cheeriul private family, on the route of the Bayswater omnibnses anad n;ear ShQphtrd`s-bu:h. A goodtable and two good rooms required, and where there are no verY young Persos. Three having the above masy either call on or address lr.IB., 45, Park-street, Groae. nor.eqUsre, with fUll particulars and teems. BOARD and RESIDENCE, for S.awe,ia he-tf at o the countery, where. above l,hat,eooy and rural enjo3niece are combined. The Timespaetan,whte suecoftan extensive library. A chaise andphenet. netnsv garden hi:k and front of the homse, witplantalsFofuhe partcular-i apply to Mr. and Mor. Erco,Vrna Cattage, Beldeston, Suffalk, TZQOAR]) andl RESIDEN'LCE REQUIRED, on Not. ,..U,. ting-hill, or the environs, by an elderly person in search of a home, with a retiredI Private family compoed of tint more thain three elderty pers)ons. The gentlemean,s income beig linited he proposesto pay 25s. pe~rueek for everything except coffee and sugar for breskfast, whi:.h he fadls himself in his own room. The above is intended for those who -Drefer society to prefit. Address to H.F., at Mir. Dunslord's, B"OARD1 and RESIDENCE, may be obiained by a _"gcn:niean in a family resident in the healthiest and imost de. isirab'lepart of Norwood, The house inspacious and commodious, and commanids both in front and rear an open and extensive prospect of the siurrouding, scenery, including the Crystal Palace, which is within convenientiwalking distance. Omnibuses tothe city and west cnd pass the door hourly. References given and required, AddressX.YF.Z., 23, Change-si!lty. B RUSSELS and SWITZERLAJND.-First-class _"BOAIODLNG ESTARL-ISHIIENT, 39. nue des Petite Carmnes, 33russels. aud 'Ancien Chitean do Vevey, Lak-e of Geneva. Accominodation for famil~ie,ldies, and genitlemen, equal to a first hotel, at blsethe cost. (DLIFTON.-The .5isses PERRY's BOARDING R%, STAIILISHME]T., 17 anid 18, the Diail, Clfon, BristoL, 1Tri-ate sitting rooms if required. CLIFTON.-SION.HIL L _EOARDI.NG.HOUSE. -Families, ladies, and gentlemen can let received at the above establishment, situate in the best pert of Clifton, adjoininig the downs. Spacious dru-aing roomas if required, For terms address MIrs. Power, S. Sign-hill. clieton. Bristol. DARI.-ENLISHBOAD andI RESIDENCE, in theSl mosten_tral adfshoal qua rter.-Aliss LYO-N. 9, rue de Grammosit, Boulevard des Itaaiens. 1PARTIAL BOARD.-A gentleman or two friends _ can be accommodated inaastrictlY Priv,ate family.including entire hoad on Sunday. Good bed rooms. Termns from 1. Is. to Xl is. Entire hosd Igurses wek.Apply toC. C..Mr. Potter's. 2,Edwardes-terrace. Kensinirton. p ARIIi.-Chatups Eliys6eii-A superior HOllIE of _lIuxury said comufort in okFFERED by an English lady and her dau:ghter, to afamily of position immediately, on advantageous terms., Adurem, M1adamne A3391sise, Ier: de Chausecle, 37, Avenue &lAistin, Ch-nips Elynsls. A Conmfortable HO'M, -with respectable association, _-Lin Or'jXRED. by a lady, to any lady poesessing abOut 200. dispoaed to unite wvith her in a highly beneficia undertaking. 'Unexcep-~ tiouable ref erences,- wilt ho given, Address to G.W., care Of Mir. Thorn' bill, 24, Jrmsyn-strcet St. Jamezs. ANY LADY of high Christian principles can be Areceive.d permanaently into all the comforts of a firstolarlSt0it, with extensive Pleasure grounds, by co-operating to the interests of a phi1,nthro;i!r undertaking, and advancing for a few months 20-0 on security. Address A. Z.. 4, Wellilngten-terrac, Green. Paddinglton, V ISITORS to LONDON.-GS, Mortimner-atreet.- Well-aired BEDS, ,Good Breakfast anid Sitting Boom, for 4s. a day, in a large private west-end house, healthily situate, n2ear itegentstreet. A large beetrom for amarried couple, Addresslra. Arn-old, Wo. 65, Mertimer-etreet, Cavendish-equare. T LA-DIES wtishin- to VISIT the CONTINENT. T-A cheerful and com2rortable H03IE is OFFERED, in a clergynsan'o, famsily leaving Englanid shortly. Liberal terms exPected, geat advantagtes being offered, Address, with real name. Cer. s M. Goddard's. hookseiler, GreatPortIand-street, Portland-Place. C 0IU.NTRY BOARD and RESIDELNCE.-A plain comfortable RLOME is OFVERIED, to a marriedI couple, or single gentleman,. in a pleasant and healthy village, about 20 miles from London, where only a few inmates are received. Termns--for a married couple. l5s. each ; a sinigle gentleman, 17s. Addlressa Y. Z-, Post-office, 39atrield. Hle.-ts 0i~ LA'DIES.-A married medical man, residing T,in a healthY LitY, withinl four hours of London. and less than one from the sea coast, having a large house, with great accommodation, in willing to reCeiTe one LADY, or Two Relativev, invalids or otherwise. desirou of medical treatment er a comfortable home, IUnexoeptionable references will be guivca and required. A ply by letter to E;Z-. Onwhynh.newspaper-oflice. I, Catherine-street. 'trand. AFA~3IILY residin- in a large house, situate in its oawn grounL~. six m~iM~ rmmthe city wish to meet one ortwo gentlemen who require a BED ROOM1 ana PARTIAL BOARD fo, the summer or for the year. There is a large garden, lawn, and several meadows atta6ied to the house. Conveyance to the city by omnib us ,or railway pass the gate. References wil be reqluired. No other lodlgers. Ad1ress A. A., 3Messrs Harrison and Son's, booksellers, Coruhill. FAIRIFORD RETREAT, Fnirford, Glocestershire. F-The atove establishment bas been zucces;sfully conducted up. wardsof 10)years. It has now afew VACANCIES for INVAflII of bsoth sexesimeatally aililted. Terms veryinoderate, Particulars toho o'btained by application to3Messrs. lles, the proprietors., f]ENTA-L AZFFEOTIONS.-A married phsysician, Utspecially engaged in the treatment of mental affections, has a VACIANCY far a LA&DY or GENTLEMLAN who may be labouring unader any of the milder forms of zaental disorder, to reside in his own family, His residence is beautifully situate a short distance from towni. Address MI)D., MIesrs Cox and Sorfs, Southampton-street. Strand. T O DVAZIDS.-J3righton.-A maried physician Tcan RECEIVE an INVA:LID LADY or GENTLEMAN into his house. whtre the party would enjoy thle comforts of holme, contjoined with constant Medical superintendence. References of the bigheat chara.-ter will be given and expected. Apply by letter to F. R., C. F.. care of B3. brzidge. REsq.. 50. Bucklerahury. T O the 31ENTALLY A-FFLICTED.-A medical ,tgentlemnan, reisiding about.5 miles from London. nearbto a railway sttiun, in a beautiful and healthy locality, is desirous to receive into i"~faulya adyorgenlean hoe halh rquressuernision. The vacacy ccus fom he ecet rmovt o a in.Teadvertiser HYDROP'ATHIC ESTABLISHMTNENT, Stedbrook- park, near Richmond, isurrey, 50 minutee~ from London, 'Terms-21 guineas per wesek. Booms, with 'two beds. 4 guianeas per week. Farm.liouse establishment, is. 64. per day. Bath attendant. 4&, per week.-Frederiek Thomson, Secretary. L ARG ESTBLISH-MENT of HYDROATY at resenbr,acanon of Argau, Switzrlrind, (IPrieslnmto, delihtfu siuatin o te banks of thze lake of Hallisyl. Inoefth mact pctresuevaley of Switrerland. Arrangemuents excellent: cold ho. an shwer ath; baths in the lake ; apartments and single roos, orushi inthebeat taste;: delightful walks, best excursions, fsigHrssandrarriages in couneoioin with the establishment, at eemoetecharges. For further particulars apply to the Mdedical Dietor. Dr. Adolphe Erismann. M ESME1SM.-AN TED BOAR, fora yout larto ny ne ffeingeliibl tems.AddessM.D Z,Mr. Spold- APARTi ,1E T I. Furnished Sloane.tret opoite the gardn-Sittin Room anoneor tw Bed Ro ms fo nor two gentlemen, on moderate terms, a pranency being desired. Partialbecard if required Inquire at 11,Soane-street. Knightsbridge. A- dAT ET,ttfrihe, with attendance, in a private family-a drawing room floor, In a scett-detached vll near the BreckL.ock, Camden-road. Gas laid on, No other lodgers :For cards address1 A. B., fancy repository. 21, Park-st., Camden-town,- A PART2,IENTS,in a larxge ~wellkfurnisbed house, where a professd coki et, 7,resirg-room and water-closet etithO same tlone. One of the bd on,n2Dffoet by 18-dresig room atuached.-H. H., T. W. Key's reai'tss room, 15, Westbourne-place, ]Paddington. ROO, fur ties romtheBak ad fveminutes walk from the Clap5at taton, out-WesernRailay.Terms. with attedne 235.er wek,Refeencs reuird, Aplyat 12. St. John's-rod, A PA TMETS, nfuuaised,No. 2, Ladbroke-' rea, Rmigto-pak-ne nd wofloors The roomsa lare ndaiy,th stetin xeciinlyal,,and pleasant airfbesth Omnbuss t al pats.Suiabl fo a idwldy and daughter and serant ora arred oule,or woor hro pofesioalgentlemen whoarececpie inhectytidy. erm veymoerae.Applyper- A PARTMENTS, Furnished.-New Pimlico.-A widw ldy,ocupyng wet OIB4ISEDHOU3SE in thin desiabl loclit, wshesto ET aPAR ofit to one or two single gcutIleen,ora ldyandgenlean,onverrnderato terms. Nearto the nth ? PAvevmRTy f oaurished,adtor hycla.S itnl ah uesnuanhiatifeor ingl geitleet~, wth amrrendancope, C ihilre obictdt. ers ora erannc vryodsate N ohe ldgrs lfmiiuta'wlk rom he taton,Finevieracoesthe Cblldrenro the housO. Adlrces, post paid, A. 3., cre tM.Hie,ps-ie Z~~~~~ling. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ br A PARTibIENTS to be LET, in the'best part of PeatonviUe, furnished or imfnshed, suitable for a lady or mnrried couple. Addrew, D. ID., 51, Cuming-street. Pentoakvlle. A{ PAR''MENT-Two iBed Rooms and Use of Sit- tir,z Rtoom, with or rithout Partial Boarh-At S, Liscombe CotT;^yeS beTbn's-road.z Dagston. A PARTM1ENTS, Furnished, with Attendance, for sinlfe gentlemen. Terms moderate.-122, Tachbrook-street, VaushTat-brodue. APARTMllNTS.oA SITTIXG orOOM and BED ROOM to be I Er, with or without board, for a single gentleman o: lal, on moderate termss, at 13, York Vilas, Wilon- sereet, Yorkroad, Battersen. A PAR!l'Ml;NTS, Furnished-bed rooms, with the use of a sitting room, for sindle gentlemen, at Finchslesycommon.r OJmnibusesx to town three times a day. Address to A&. 2., new7spaperoflice. 10. Tottenliam-court-road. s PARMENTSor Partial Board.-Hanldsomely F URlNISa1D A RTIElNTS toa be LET, in the bezst liarS of modation. The house large and mo3t pleasantly situate. Addrem to D. D.. Jones's, chymist. Pelbam-crescent, Brompton. PARTMIENTS WANTED, by two gentlemen A engaged in the city during the day-a sitting roor and two bed rooms, eomfortably furnishbed. The Brixton or Clapiam road preferre.L Address, stating terms, &c., to J. A, T., MIr. Hall's, stationer, 78, Old Broad-street, city. A PARTMENTS Furnished-a drawing room, with one, two, or three bed rooms, in a large detached house, Situation open and healthy, about three milea from the city. Omnibusss every live minute3. Terms 1 2s. per weelt. Address F. hS, Mr. Price's, Loughborough-place, BrLxton-road. - PARTTMENTS.-To be LET to a gentleman not A diningatlhome,a spacious and weU F&RhNISHED DRAWING ItOOM and BED 003f, lithattendance In a private house in Upper Baker-street, Regent's-park. Terms moderate. Referencesgivenand required. For further particulars apply to Messrs. Geo. Headand Co., house agents, 7. Upper Baker-street. F UB.ISHEDI LODGILNGS.-Sevei-al SUITES of F uROO(MS and CHAMBERS, in the best situations, at the west eud, hy the month, season, or year.-Hayes and Go., aggents and auctione.rs 68, Jermyn-street, St. Jamee's. F URNISHED APARTMENTS, adjoining Eaton- square, for one or two single gentlemen-a sitting room, with one or cs obed rooms. Appiy at 4i, labeth-street, Eaton-square. FURNISHEDI DRAWING ROOM and TWO BED FROOMS, on moderate terms, to tw-o gentlemen engaged out diuing tho day. Apply at 24. Guilford-street, RusseU-square. F URNISHED APARTMENTS for gentlemen or tsVo or three friends; containing good bed rcoms, with use of s3 tinig room, and attendance, with partial board if required. Terms Tery mederate. At Mrs. Crosse's. 37, Ludgate-street, St. Paul's. FURNISHED APARTMENTS, Burton-crescent- F double drawing rooms, three bed rooms on second floor. Terms +2 2s. a. week. No children or other inmates. Apply to A.B., 30, Burton-crescent, Brumswick-square. 1'URN'ISHED APARTMiiE}NTS, in a pretty *illa, Fu two Nmiles from the Bane.-A gentleman can otter a handsome biTT;ING ROOTf,two large Bed Rooms,with bathroom, at a moderate reLt. -3, Spencer Villas, Lower-road, Islington. FURN1SHED APARTMENTS--To be LET, s' suitable for a single gentleman, a comfortable SITIING ROOM and 1SED ROOM, situate in Ludgate-street, near St. 'auls, where there are no other ledgers. Apply to H. and WV. Mlumford, 1, AlL1kstreet, CheApside. FURN iSHED APARTMENTS to be LET, near Fthe Angel, in the City-road,-Drairing Room and Bed Room, or Frunt Parlour rnd Second Eloor Front Bed Roors,-to a gentleman dining out. Terms for either, 1ls. No children or other lodgers. Address S. B., Booth's, post-ollice, City-road. UltNlSHED APARTMENTS WANTED, by a PF single gentleman-superior and handsomely Furnished Drawing Room Apartments, including two bed rooms-in the neighbourhood of flighbosy, wvbere there are no other lodgers or children. Address, stating terms, to Z., 3Messrs. Wilkinson, 49. Coleman-street. F URNlSHED APARTMENTS to be LET near 8 Blackfri=rs-bridge, consisting of a large sitting room, withi one or t7VO good bed rooms, with or vithout partialboard. Tezms very moderate. For further particulars apply, post paid, to H. 3. S.. care of bMr. Allingham. stationer, 22. Blrckfriars-road. FURNISHED APARTMENTS WANTED, in the neighbourhood of Pimlico or Brompton, consisting of sitting room and bed room, by a gentleman engaged uring the day. Address, stating ternis (which must be very moderate), to A, B., 8, E:bury-s'treet, Pimnco. F UJRNISHED APARTMENTS, of three rooms, J_AYN'TED, on the Surrey side, half-way betw een the city and west-end, for a married couple who have their own attendant. Terms must be moderatec as they only require Cleanliness and quiet. Apply byiletter ti Mlrs. kean, news agent, Bury-street, St. James. 1L URNISHED APARTMENTS,--To be LET, spacious and handsome APARTMIENTS, in Glocest'w-place, Portman-square, comprising every domestic comfort. wFith full altendance. Terms, T guineas per week for tvo months - 6 gineas aweek for three months. Apply to 33. S.. MIr. Lockwvood's library, 75, 2iew Bend-street. F URNISHIED, in a private house, near Hyde-park Fand Kensington-gardens, a handsome DRAWING ROOM FLOOR-two best bed rooms and servant's room. Good attendance mun be given. Apply to Mr. K;nowles, stt3ioner, 16, Conduit-street, Westbounme-terrace. FURNISHED APARTMENTS-a wxell-furnished ssitting, dressing, closet, and bed room, easuite, fitted up for brothers,orthree friends. with an oetra bed roomrabove if required, including all the reqifisites of a quiet cheerful horse, on moderate terms,in a first-rate neighsbourhood.-At 37,Great C33tl-e-trect,Rcgentstreet, Portland-place. U TNFURNISHElD, in Bonid-street, an excellent tJSECO1ND FLIOOR, comprising two larg>e and one small room, with attendance, in the house of a professional man. Address or inqusire.to A. D.. Esbers? library, 2T, Old Bend-street. UTNFIJRNISHED APARTMENTS to be LET, at rt and 5, Tarlineson place, nearOilda-hise, consistlg ofi and second floors, with us*e of k;itchen and attendance. Tho situation highly desirable. Omnibuses passing the door. Apply to Hi., as above. U NFURNISHED APARTMENTS.-To be LET, in one of the best leading streets from RusseUl-square, the FIRST and SECOND LOORS, ith u o itchen, inda moderate-siredthoue. No children or other odgerbs Rent vera moderate. Apply at Mr. Parker's, 42. Klepiss-street, P.usselt-sriuare. TTNFURNISHED APARTMENTS to be LET- t J the upperprt of n excegrent familyresidenc,lconsistin tf first and second floors (three roonwi on the first foor, with a consernatory, four rooms on the second floor), ith one or tw.o Atics, a l1rge kitchen, and every other conveniece.-13, Osnaburgh-street, Regent'-park. TTNFURNISHED APARTMENTS to be LET, n consisting of tho second floor of four rooms, with two others on the third floor if requred, dwith convenierces, ia the neighbourhood of Portman-square. Rent very moderate. Apply to Mr. Fry, house agent, &c., 73, Geore-street, Foreman-square. UNFURNISMED APARTMIlENTS.-A bgenteel U couple can be scconomedated fwith an eErgible FIRST FLOOR, and an add tional room if requdred, with conveimence for cooking, in a nowv house, occupied by a small family, w,ithout children. Situa3tion open andsairy; neighbourhood highly repectable. Address to C R., Mr. Seagefs., 77, Dowaeham-road, Islingson. TNFURNISHED APARTM'ENTS W eANTED, _) cBao water preferred,) by a gentlem and his ;ife-twR o rooms, wdth kItchen-in partital returu for which the gentleman would devote his dvesings to bookkeeping or similar emplaimeols; or his wife, having a piano wouid insmtuct children in muioa with other branches of a ueful eelueatlon. Address S. R., poetaofire, 1, Bedbury-road, }iaSawater. UTNFURNISHED APARTMENTS.-A sirN,le gen- tlUeman REQUrIRES a lofty DRAWING RtOOM IZBOR} and large BED ROOMI on second floor, w ith attendance, in the house of a very respectable and quiot family, wehere two good servants are kept, and in a priate street, well situa te, for which a Ulberal rent vwil oe paid. The locality most plreferred would be within 15 minuSes'wvalke of asck-crescent, Portland-place, and beyond that dimpanme at Brecknock or Haverstoci-hill only. Themrctcatisflitory references wil be cheerfully given, and also required. Apply by letter to Z. Q. F., care of Mfesss. W. Daw;son and Sons, 74, Cannon-streeL, city. S YDEN1APM.-FURNISHIED APARTMlENgTS, ale waeRek. Apply at lorland-fioNse, South-road, Forest-h il, ti denhan; or to Gordion and Wymder, 29, Great Oraeond-street, Queensquare, w.here apartments are registered. Terms. os. Per quarter. B AYSWA^TER close to Kensington Palace-gate.- FUD NISHEID DINIG ROOM S ELOOR for a gTentemanengaged during the day. Ominibuses pass the door. Apply to George Coles, 19, Royal-hill, Queen!a-road. Bayiwater. SLEEPING APARTMENTS for gentlemen.-A K good comfortable FURNISHED BED ROOM, in the immediate vicinity of the Houses of Parblament, to be LErT on moderate terms, Apply at 10, Bridge-street, Westminster. 0O. 1, BURLINGTON-GABDENS.-To be LET, N urnisbed, nex: week, a FIRST FLOOR, a Second Floor, a Third Floor, two good kitchens, with pantry, coal cellar, and wvine cellar, and housekeeper's room. Apply a above. VARDI LODGINGS WANTED, by a lady, in a - healthy situation, in a cheerful farm-house, near London. She would not object to )oard with the family. Send terms and full particulars to C. H., 15, Parbament-street, Westminster. H HE ADVERTISER is desirous of meeting with a T gentleman, to JOIN him in apariments of a superior description, in a house most pleasantly situate within a mile of the Crystal Palace. -Y. H., MIr. Halls, stationer, Old Broad-street, city. HALF MOON-STREET, Piccadilly.-To be LET, Purnished, a DRAWING ROOM FLOOR. Extra bedrooms and dining room if required, Address S. S. B., MAr. Beckanors's, grocer, Curzon-street, ;Mayfair. RBOOK-STREET, Grosvenor-square.-To be LET Furnished, for the season, the entire UPPER PART of a well kURNISHED HOUSE; containing larg drawingroomswithfolding doors, five or six bed rooms and dressing room, with uso of dining room after 5 o'clock. Apply to Ir. Be3n, 62, Brook-street, Bond-street. B ROOK-STREET.-Noble unfurnished Apartments, B equal to a House.-To be LET, DRAWING, Dining, Bed and Dresaing ROOMS, on the first floor, four bed rooms above, detached Iitchen, Sc. With or without stabling. Age.t, M1r. S. G. Taylor, 3, Grosvenor-street. Bond-street. I ENTEEL FURNISHTD APARTMEITS, in the best part of Lewisham-Sitting and Drawing Rooms and good airy BedRBooms, large garden, and evry comfort. Omnibus fareto city, 6d. 10 mmnutes walk to ralway station. Apply to br. Belcham, Mewisbam. Rent. XFORDl-TERRACE.-PA T or the WHOLE, of a gentleman's handsome RES1DEf CR,. with the extra iloor, thoroughly well Furnished and very clean, to be LET, for the season, or by the year.-M.r. Alfred Cox, agent, 64, New Bond-street, or 2, Upper B3aker-street. (Fo. 3,073.) A GENTLEMAN residing in his own HOUSE, and - occuping but a small portion, is desirous of meeting with a party who, ould TAKE PART for a permanency. furnished or unrnimshed. Apply personally or by letter at 33, Rochester-road, Camien-road Villas. W OBUERN-PLACE, Russell-square.-APART- M r ENTS, handsomely Furnished, consisting of two drawing rooms en mite, and a third if reqtuired with suitable bed and dreein,g rooms. The whole fitted up iu a superior style. APply at 49, Wobumplace, BusseU-squar. CITY APARTMENTS.-Gentlemen engaged in the city, and others visiting Lordon, can be accommodated in one of the most central parts. four doors from Cheapside, with airy and well FURNISHED BED ROOMS, with use of sitting room, from 4s. 6d. to 10s. per week, or bed, including brealfast, 2s. per day. Apply at 4 or 5, Foster-lane, Cheapside. mo GENTLEMIENT.-To be LsET, in Bolton-street, .LPiccadilly, a desirable and elegantly FURNISHED FLOOR, consisting ofta drawing and sleeping room, which communicate by folding doors. 5hc above apartments wrould be suitable to a gentleman requiring a residence combining the quietude and respectability of a homge, and if taken annually wrould be let on moderate terms. Apply at9, Bolton-street. rPOaSINGLE GENTLEMAN orLAY.-A private TLfamily. with whom a gentleman resided 'or 14 years, is deirous of ICEhETING a well FURNISHED DRAWING ROOM FLOOR, with accommodation for a domestic if required. The situation is only surrassed by houzes looking into the parks; five minutes' walk from I Eaton-square. Terms SO guineas a year. Address by letter only to H. H. B., 42, Bury-street, St. James's. T0l MlERCHANsTS, Gentlemen, and others.-Ele.&ganIlyiFTRNISHlED APARTMlENTS to be LET, comprising twodrawiing rooms and two bed rooms. The house in repletevwith every convenience, delghtful situate, immediately apprOximatig to the Regent's-park. They arc wel adapted for two brothers or friends For cards to view apply to J. Blackburn, sttioner, Rark-terrace, Regensts-park. No other lodgers. S T. JOEN's-WOOD.-APARTMIE TS to beLET consisting of a well furnished drawing room and bed room adloining. An extra bed room if required. The house is $easantly situate, commanding a view of La.1mpstead, and near to the Atlas anaL Rilburn omnibuses. There are only two in family, and no other lodgers This woud be a desirablo residenoe for a gentleman engaged in tn city during the day, or for any one seeling a quiet and comforable home. For cards of addres apply at post-office, 19, Abbey-road. References exchanged. FINSBURY.SQUARE ROOMS, 39, Wilson-street, .L Finsbury- These spacious and most elegantly fitted uP rooms onler to large assemblies every desirable accommodation, and are most adapted for meetings, anniversary dinners, private parties, maSOuic kdges,ba, weddings, &e. Rooms of Tario ssires,Terres moderate. Apply to the ro'rietor, Mr. Seyd, 3, Finsbtuy-square. Gpinion of tho tres. We " bad no idea of such splendid rooms being in Finsbury. less than 250 Persons can be welU accommodated at table. The great hall has also the adFantsgo above others of being on the ground nor' and quite secluded from the noise of the street. Besides the chief entrance from Finsbury-square there 4re likewise two side entrances." -Chronicle. Octobor12. I5. L ARGE and elently FURNISHED APART- Mel , I, facing FackoilRe-street. Ti0O be LET, a convenient FIRST FLOOR, shorPly T for offices or dwelling. Apply at 115, Alderszate-street. TO be LET, Furnished, a FIRST FLOOR: extra bed rooms if require(L Trerms moderate,-B. P., 1i, Ring-street, Bloomsbury-square, rO be LET, for 4s. fd. per week, in a genteel family, a SLEEPIN R003f for a gentloman Of quiet habits. Address A. B., 23, High-street. Newingten. ST. JOHN's-VWOOD.-Unfurnished APAWr- zNsTSdawing rooma floor, t.hree bed rooms, and kitchen. Rent t4.6., Blenheim-plae opposite Erre Anns. D ROO , with use of Sitting Room, to be l 1 - In ingn. Address3 J. D., cure of Mr. t'ITY.-Two or three FLOORS, with private en- trance, to be LET, suitabla for offices, profemsion. or dwelling. house. Apply at 27, Bishopegate-street within; or to Mr. Rice, 263, 3Borough. OOGM or ROOMIS WANTED, by the end of the s t month, in a leading thoroughfare, suitable for photographic prposes. Would not open on Sunday. Apply by lette: only to Mr. P. George, 1, Goldington-croent, Oaiuley-square. DED ROOM, Furnished.-WANTED, by a young J3man, a good airy BED ROOM, in Albany-street or Camnden-town. Ifcomfortable likely to be permanent. Terms must be moderate. Address F, C, Mlessrs. Penn's, stationer,, 213, Regent-street. (JlTY.-HOUSE-UPPER PART to be LET, con- taiing ightroos. stuat inQueen-street. Oheapside, near Southwvark-bridge. For particulars apply to Mr. G. W. dlaraden, 3?, Queen-street, Cheapede. S T. JOHN's-WVOOD.--Unfurnislted APART- JMETS to be IET. in a healthy and convenient part of the aboye locality, consisting of a first floor and kitchen, where there are noother lodgers or children. Terms moderate. Apply to Hodges, stationer, 25, Blenheim-terrace, Abbey-roed, St. John's-wood. BUNRIDGE-WELLS.-Aladyvishesto RECOMTuM`END a front PARLOUR and upper back BED ROOM to any tartywhodesire3tormeetwitha quiethomerfor12months. Rent, includingeveryextra,for one person, 6 per quarter. Applyby letter, gre-paid, to A. B. C.. poet-office, as above. o be LET, Furnished,on the high road, near KenT sington-fardens, APARTMETS, or nearly the whole of a house, containing 1- rooms, with superior accommodations, suitable for a fam)ilyfrom the country,. or two or three genUtlmen. Addre3s D., Mueso. Thomas and Son's. Cormhill. if -AITY RESIDENCE.-A PART of the HOUSE of aprofe&donal man, residing in one of tho best squares in the city. will be at liberty at fidsummer. Suitable for a sall family of good standing. Aprly for partictlars to Mr. Medhurat, decorator, 23,Waterlane. Great Tower-street. AGENTLEMAN, engaged in London during the A day, can be accommodated with an excellent BED ROOME, and breakfast, in the house of a professional man, close to a station on the South-Western Railway. Situation healthy, with largegarden. Apply to R. X., cae of Mr. Smith, XJoiners'-hall-buildings,jUpper Thames-st. N ORTHi WALES.-FURNISHEI) ^APARTMENTS with separate kitchen anticonveniences, to be LET, in amasireon house standing in its own park, within a short distance of a well supplied market town, a churchvwith English service, and one of the finest heaches for Sea bathing in the kingdom. Apply to Mr. Breese, Pwll. A LA Y or GENTLEMAN canbeaccommodated with liberal BOARD and well FURNIISHED DRAWING icWoM APART.MENTS, in a strictly private family, residing close to the Addison-road. Terms, 3 guineas a week, or a married couple 4 guineas a week Apply to C. C., Air. Potter's, 2,Edrardes-terraco Kensington. H ANDSOMELY FURNISHED APARTMENTS WANTED, comprising draing rooms, dining room, four bedl bed rooms, including plate, linen, and servants, for one month certain with option of staying longer. The number of rooms ensa floor to b named, anti a liberal price given. Terms and particulars to be sent to MEr. Kieeling, Hde-park estate office, 25, Connaught-terraco, Edgewrare- q 1AMIES DlTTON.-To be LET, IFU1tNISlHEl APARTMIENTS, consisting of twvo sitting rooms and four bed rooms; pretty ttowrer garden; pleasantly situate, facing the river Thames (wlhere there is good flshiugi, and overlooking Home-park. WYithin five minutes' walk of the railrway tation. Cooking and attendance can be had. Inquire of Mrs. Williams, near the Swan, Thames Ditton, Surrey. CIHA IMBERS to be LET, at the Berkeley-chambers, 13. Bruton-street, Bond-street: rents from 30 to 6;0; and at the Adelphi-chambers, John-Btreet, Adelphi-offlices and chambers: rentb 15 so 0. (IHAMBERS.-To be LET, unfurnisbed in Stratj ford-place, on the ground and second floors, just put into excellent condition. There is every convenience, and the ground fdooriswell adapted for a professional man. Apply at 15, Stratford-place, Oxfordstreet. IHAMIBERS.-New Palace Club-chambers, 20, KJ King-street, St. Jamea's.-To be LET, a CL&AMBER, looking into St. James's-street. AlI rates and taxes, servant's attendance, and use of privato coffee room, included in the rent. Also the offices attacbed, suitable for law, insurance, or public company. ,.IHAMEERS, in Hanover-square.-To be LET, on i %J moderateterms,amostelegantSUITE of CHAMB ERS -coprsimg a magnificent saloon, dining room, and bed room, aDpros-bed by a spacious entrance-hall and staircase, with servants' offices and every requisite convenience. For articuars apply to Mr. Gale, 23, Rutland-gate, Hyde-park ; or to the porter, at 23, lianeversquare. EIHAMIBERS for a nobleman or gentleman (west %Jend).-An elegant SUITE on the frst floorivill be VACANT at Mlidsummer next, with kitchen and man's room in the basement. Also Chambers onthe upper storyare now to be Let, unfurnished. They are very pleasantly situate, facing Hay-hill, overloonkig the grounds of Laundowne-house. Apply at the mansion, 24, Grafton. street, Berkeley-square. ADE HAMBERS.-To be LET, a capital light fTWO ROOS, and large lght Store Room, in perfec order. Rent per aunum, Furniture yaluation about 0.. Por orders to view apply to Mrr. D. Allan, 157, Sloane-street, Chelsea. iT. JAiiIES's.-To be LET on a term, a superior C SET of CHAMBERS, being a &isEnct private residence, vith ample domestic offices, batus, &^., suitable to a nobleman or Member of 'arliament. The appropriate forniture to be taken at a valuation. Apply to Banting and ons, 27, St. James's-street. " YDE-PARK-CHAMBERS.-CHAMBERS to be JLL LET,rin this mansion; each set consists of a sitting room and bed room adjoining. The sitting room of one set commands a beauitiful view of Hyde-par . Rent z3 and 45 per annum. Apply hat 10, Hfertford-street, Park-lane, near the Marble Arch. A LEANY Piccadilly.-To be LET, a desirable liJS'1' of CHAIIbERS, in Albany. The reception snd morningrooms have lofty painted ceilings; there is a Gothic iilliard or dining room, bed, dressing, and bath rooms. The entrance to servants' rooms, kitchen cellars, c,maybek tdistinct. To viewapplytotheSecre- tary,AiaycuygcalY fIFFICES, suitable for law, insUranCe, or public com- panyTo be LET, the OFFICES attached to the Now Palace Club-chambers, 20, King-atroet, St.Janmfas. Apply tothe hall porter. OFFICES to be LET, on a first floor (fourth house from the Strand); desks and gas-fittings complete. Rent; 2 5e. per month. Apply at 5, Agar-treet. Strand. O FFICES to be LET-a suite of four rooms-at 12, George-yard, Iombard-street. Rent for the whole 45 per aunum. Apply to Mrs. Mack, on the prauises. fFFICES, near the Bank.-Tobe LET, TWO spa- cIous and excellent ROOMS on the first dioor, looking out on gardens, for 40 per annum, and Two Rooms on the second ^oor for 18 per annum. Apply to Mr. Robinson, 11, Union-court, Old Broadstreet, city. O FFICES.-To be LET, SUITES of first-class OFFICES on the first, second, and third floors, also cellarage, sutable for a wine merchant, situate No. 16, New Broad-street, cityconsisting of three rooms on each fdoor. Rentals 84, 55, 35, and cellars 20 per annum.-J. S. Scott, 19, Commercial-road east; or of the housekeeper. QROUND FLOOR OFFICES to be LET, with a Ik side srontage to };leet-street, wrell adapted for any public agency also a Saito on ar. upper floor. Inquire on the premise5, East Temple. chambers, 2, Whitefriars-street, Fleet-street. [PARLIAMENT-STREET.-To be LET, capital J first and second floor OFFICES, together or seperately, recently put in thorough ornamental repair, and fit for immediate oceuepation. 'The whole of the house may be had at Midslummer. Apply on the premises, 41. or to Messrs. Trollope, Parliament-street; or to Mr. Boyes, auctioneer, 3, Abehurch-lane, Lombard-street. 0 GROCERS.-WANTED, a genuine CONCERN T mtown), doing from ;50 to 60 per week. Rent and premlum must be moderate. Address to A. B., Crosby-hall, Bishopogate-street. -11TY DWELLING-HOUSE WANTED. Address, w ith full particulars, rent, rates, taxes, &c., to R F., care of the housekeeper. 32, LeadeubsE-street. REWVERY.-WANTED, a three to eight quarter BPLANT, at a rental (with option to purebase), with residence and beer-house attached. Town preferred.-NV. B., 16. Philpot-lane, city. YO FANCY STATIONERS and others.-A smal T BUSINESS WANTED, in the fancy trade, suitable for a lad n the suburbs or westward: the latter p referred. Address, with fuli particulars, size of house, &c., to G. V., Xr.Ira ething's, tailor, 119, Cheapside. T:FOUSE or COTTAGE WANTED, Hornsey, HighJUIL gate, Eiebbury, or Holloway. To consist of two sitting rooms and four bed rooms, the usual servants' offices, &c.; the situation must be open, airy, and a garden indispensable. Rent not to exceed 40. Address, stating full particulars, to B. B., post-office, 180, Strand. 3USINESS WANTED.-To Inventors, Foremen, or thess.-Apersonha small caital, is desrous either to JOIN an of, an established BUSINESS, or to bring out a new invention. Addrs, paid, to EL T., 32, Great Castleetreet, Regent-street. G ROUND RENTS.-A -entleman, interested for y ounger children, wishes to IkIVUST 13,000 in the PURCHASE or FREEHOILD and LEASEHOLD GROUND RENTS, secured on first-class property. Particulars to be sent to MIr. Clarke, 183, Strand, corner of Arundel-street. EAbRM WANTED, to RENT, from 50 to 100 acres, princi ally grass land, within 10 miles of London (Surrey side preferred). Apply by letter. stating the number of rooms in the house, and fullparticulars, with the rent, to A. B., Phenix Brewery, Zag- r,igge,wels,road. A HOIUSE or COTTAGE WANTED, preferred on the North London Rtailway or one of the lines vith Fenchurehsneet Terminus, containing about seven or eight rooms, of moderate rtnt,andwithgood iarden. Mustbeaotfready aocestothecity. Address particulars to G. A. S., care of Means. Smith and Son, 6, Hartstreet, Mark-lane. S CHOOL WANTED to PURCHASE, by a gentle- man, for which about;4tdwould be given. Theadvertiser would prefer one where al (or at least the majority of pupils) are day pupils, paying not less than 16 per anmum. The mot scr1puous discretion may boe rKeld upon. Addrees Alpha, post-office, Palgnton, near Torquay, Devon. N OTTING-HILL, Baymter or St. John's-wood.- WANTED, for few month. in eit~hsr of tbe aboe neighbour- hod, a FURNfISHED HOUSE, cotaining two or threestting roo-s and fivo bed rooms. Rent aid to exceed 10 guIneas month. There re nochidren, and every care will betaken of the farniture. Address S., Mr. PEIttison's, 74, Oxford-street. B ANKS of the THAMES.-WANTED between J"Hampton Court and Windsor, a COTTAGE RESibENCE for the summermonths,contalidn four bestandservantse'bed rooms; also coach-house and stable. U.B. Not more than three railes from a railway station. Addres A. W., at Mr.Low's, stationer, Abebtnrchsue. COUINTRY HOUSE and LAND, within two miles of a good market town.-IVA2TED, to PURCIASE, a modern RESIME, , ofS 9 OT r0rooms, in addition to offices and underground cellars, with stabling, coach-house, pleasnre andi kitchen gardens, and aboutl5acres of land, onaydrysoil. Addressfull particuLrs to Measr. Toplis, Son, and Harding, 16, St. PaLs churcharsd. 70 LANDOWNERS, Agents, &c.-WANTED, to TL HIRE, at Mlichaelmasnext. in the neighbeurhood of London, by a Norfolk farmer, a FARM of IODto 10acresof arableandpasture land. The advertiser would not object to take the management of a farm in addition to thoehire of one. AddressA..,postoffice bridge. FUlERNJSHBD MIANSION, Manor, with Trout . F igWANTED), the above, on a chalky, gravely, oI sandy soil. An unexceptonable tenant is willing to enter, on or betore a day, 1157. on modearte ter ns on a manvsion, c, ot the above descmipzon, containingl bestabndl 0useondary bed roomts, idth othereuet. able accommodation: near daliaystation, no less than 70tor abore 150 miles from London. DIrect to XrY. Z., post-office, Rrde, Iale ofA Wight. LI OUSE WATED, at Midsummner, near to Ken,.t. sington or HIyde-park;, north side, and having a view od the main read, by ahighiy respectable quiet family, wfithout children. There must be three roorason the ground fio;r drawfing room, and three or four best bed rooms. No stables requnird A garden desiable. A furnished house would be taken for a year, aud every '?esbtecr takenof thbefumiture. Iftheidtuation.and terms ebohd be approved itmightberetained for a lengthened period. Full particulars as to tems. hc.. 7ay be addresaed to A. B., 45, Piocady. WEYMOUTH. or its vicinity.-HOUSE, unfur- T nished, WANTED, to IIENT, to be entered upon at Midsummei next. It must be onadry soil, and in substntial repair. Tae accommodation required, dining and drawing room of good dimensionsa. with breakfast room, lour airy chambors, withdressing room, and thre servants' rooms, good kitche and other offlces; p fentifl supply of excellent dkinzng wate. ituation at a moderato tico5 from a church. A detached houe, with flower or pleaure Xad- m would be prefeed. Fltptcuanfor yerl reutlto be addreased S. K F., poet-office, Cheltenhams. ]FAITM WANWTED.-A practical Scotch farner is ThompsOn, I50. Cheapside. HROU SE a'nd SHOP.- A middle-sized HOUSE- anti SHLOP WANTED suitable for a jeweller and watchmaker. in a god horoughfame Rent moderate. Direct by letter to A.. IL, 35, Bra-tetbildiugs, dint IloDr. Tj~OCORNEALES.-Agenuine BUSINES-S in ENSINGTON.WANTED,in Kensington or tst 3~..neigbourood,a 15roomd HOSE.Address by letter, post laid sttin fulpaticuars toV. .. in.Arthorp's, bookseller, 11, rro CY MISTS and DRUGGISTS.-WANTED, a; BSES,in a maLrket townrwhere the valuation would be aboixt 100 Appy byletter, stating particulars, to G. F., Mr. :sdidges, statioer eak ~URREY or K T.W TE,to REN~T -or SCJ PURCHASE, within 30mlso on(h eghbonrhood of orking! Preferred). a ModeramsrdREIEC,with a few acres ofn.Full Particulars to be sent to Messr. Smt aud Chiapman, 233 Regent-street. TOWN and CjOUNTRY HOUSES.-Air. KEEL. T RiGbe-5 leMtfllyto intorm parties requiring HOUSES, furnished or unfurmished, in town, that heebas several on his RtBISTER * also furnished and unfurmished country houses, andl freehold muatLinird and grounds. Fuliparticatarawillbe sent toallpartieshfeeofcharge. -Hyde-park estate office, 25. Connaught-terrace, Edgoware-road. FURNISHED andi UNFURiNISHED HOUSES.- FMr. A. BOGOTE7s LIST of RESIDENCES to be LET or SOLD' mayAbeobteaie on aPPlication, or by post. For particulars apply to M.brhmBooth. auctioneer and house agent, 1. Carlton-lri WLY a Camden-road, Opposite the Breelmock Arms. FAMJXEN-ROAD) VILLAS, Holloway, Highextei CJ HElgeey and Vicinities.-Parties whngt UCAEor RlN HUE PROPERTY In these desirable situations wil save, much time and inconvenience by applyingto Mrt. Aboisham Booth, auos. tioneer and houseagent,1, Carlton-hill Villas,Camden-road,oppoette, the BreckurickArms. Irifosrmation free ofcharge. 8VXUNVAKS, Kent.-Thse ROYAL CROWN O1i ITEL',"W,PAWLEy. Famllies by theweek. TXOSSof PARLIAMENT.-J. ROGERSwn LIan irtestablishment NEW PA.LACE TAVE.a~onn thVctra oer. Chops and steaks alwaysrad,ndlopape sile kept in the highest state of perfection. I)OSE COTTAGE FAMILY O6T-ELan-d LITAME a.,Rchmondhll,% Sumry.-This dehghtful establishment stlIotne uivleinaccommodation and extraordinary moderate charges. The fineast ew hedgesarein the pleasuregrounds. INELSON's PORTLAND) HOTELs, (4reatPortlandNstreet.-Drawing room and lied room err suite, 7s. : bed roas,, Is. Cd., a. 6d., 3s. ; breakfastsi, Is. 6d., 2g. ; plain dinners, 2s. Ed. attendance Is. per day Port and Sherry, 5s. per bettl1e. Families aud gentlemen by the week. All charge for canadies discontinued. EXETER-~HALL HOTEL, Strand.-E. NELSO.N H ffA.XELT -The hotel is situate in the most epn part of the WestStrand, contiguous to Chaving~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-crose, the theatrez, a.Bet a, is.Cd, diner Is Cd; bd roms in drwin rom,including wax ligts,4s. wih bd rom n site l'. itenanc Is Anightporter. T UNBRID)GE-WELLS. -CASTL H]EOTEL:- JLRICHARD GADD, Przoprictor.-To ladies and gentlemen requirng rivte parment, t comerialgentlemen, and the public genraly heaovehoel,so elghtull stuae,and so niear to the M ILLER's HOTELS, opposite Safr-tet foot _ ofBlllakfriars-bridge (Surysd.Aveycnalnhath siruation. IMederatedlbarges, i -es s d ad2. inr,fo Isa d- sitting room, 3s., do. Aiwrvtetac.bwihate canenter the hotel entirelY separatfrmheavn.Asciu coffee-room ands separte ladies' coffee-ro haeenadd ates usig the latter avoid the expense of Sittn room. Obeerve: opst Stford-street. in Bllackfriare-road. hisinceaed atrnae, ndbeg repetfulyto inform tepbi ing wek o loterace rovdedwit roms,breakffast dinner, and tea fr 4. d.a dy:chidrn nd erant, s.Sd, each. The landingplae or he tem-batsinbefre hehoue.English andFrench ~OUTHAJrIPTON HOTEL,Snrbiton, Surrey, adjinng heRinitn Saton,fo Failes and GentlmemenCUAILES AILY repectuli beg toinformi the nobility ard publc tat he bov hoel i relet wih eerycomfort, prioes moe Hamupton-court, Bushey and Richmond parks lrmn,d. edr It exceedingly attractive to those wFho are deioso istn hs delghtful"Ptots. Post horses and carriages of evr ecipin b atthe tato !on the arrval of every train. W~HITEBAIT.-Plough Tavern, Blackwafll-C. HA'ES begs to inform bis friends and the public, that WHITEBAIT in now in hig-h perfection. Thanking them fur past favours. Trains from Fenchurch-street, Ciamden-town, Highbur-y. and all stations on that line every quarter of an hour. P'lease alight at the 'Poplar Station. rf[HE BEST TABLE d'HOTE, in London, is at TOMrs Coffeehouse, Cowper'se-ourt, Corubill, consisting of two qPHE BEST DINNERS in LONDON are at SaMITH's ROYAL SHrADE, 5. Leirester-square, opposite the GetGlobe, comsisting of four soups, six sorts of fish, and six of joints, cheerse. e. from 3to half-past 7 every day, for Is. 6d. per head. liINE ARTS.-To be ism-tediatelv DISPOSBID OF Fs' CAB3INET PAOLO VERONESE, signld and dated 1558. This is a genuine and beautiful specimen of that great miaster, and in excel. tent preserration. Price 50 guineas. Apply to M, poet-office, Skiptonin-Craven. FINE ARTS.-Mr. A.- DESACHY, who was inFtrusted with the artistic works of the Crysitai Palace begsato call the attention of the nobility and gentry to his GA,ER of FINE ARTS, where a selection of chefs-d'ernuve in statuary of plastque plaster, and realbronzes3. ancient and Modern scuLIptur,in tD be n spectedi-49, Great 3farlborough-strect, opposite telnheon Bazaar. 7DHOTOGRA-PHIC P R TR A IT S.-Messrs. AL 1AYER BROTHERS, 133. Regent-street.-For SALE, the 3I,RBERS if the PEACE CONGRESS, in group. Price 2 2s.Each imember separately on a large scale for exhibition. pHOTOGRAPHY.-The late operator of -mr. P Claudet no ie LESSONS in the ART to professional and iamateur phtegrphe=s Fortrits taken,and a complete set ofApparatustobe Sold. ApplytOA. MOORE,2, Tenteedeu-sireeLt,anover. square. WlHAT IS IT2-ExtraordinaryPHOTOGRAPH1C k.NGMA, 54, Cheapside. Plrice 2ie., will besent free onremittance. ~3 lLOMION's WHOLESALE AMIERICAN Y.W.-English, and French PHOTOGB,ArHICand OPTICAL WAREHEOUSE, 22, RedLioxs-quare, Londou. New catalogue and prices now publsshr-d and given free on application. COLNAGHIE andl Co.'s COLOURED PHEOTO- G RAPHIC PORTRAiTS in cases complete, l0s. 6d., will ba found superior to any others. Taken daily (aunahine not necessary) at their photographic portrait and picture rooms, 62, Piccadilly, oppostite St. James's-etreet. _VOYAL PHOTOGRAPHIC ESTABLISHMN~T. _Lt-HOTOGRAPHIC PORTRAITS (miniature and full sire), f so- oIaofpaintings or statuary, utlc inspection. Price fromhalfa-guiea, cmplee.-W.TELF R, 9,egent-triret. HUGHES' new PHOTOGRAPHIC GALLERY, it432 and 413. West Strand, between Lowther-arcade and King Willlami-streeti-rablic attention is respectfully invited to the very superior character of HUGHES' GUINEA PHaOTOGRAI'HS. taken on.paper. Also to an. extensive collectionof views taken ini the Crimea, Rome, Switzerland, and Paris. Yree inspection solicited. The art taught, and first-clans apparatus supplied. D~HOTOGRAPHIC APPARATUS and MATE. -L EIALS, cheapest and beet, at HOPCRAFTs, 419, Oxford-street. A comaplete apparatus for portraits, 4~ inches, 2 lOs., warranted. Stereoecopes, is.;- post free, is. 2d. flst of prices sent port free. Lenses and apparatus made and repaired. F LE3IJNG's PHOTOGRA.PHIC WAREHOUSE. JU-A complete APPARATUS, X3-tald,g ortraita 4* andl underincluding a doublo achromatic lens, beautifamounted in brass, with rack, and pironx-warranted to produce as perect a picture, and to be as good as the meest costly, and exchanged uf notfound every way satisfactory. Superior-made camera, with two dark slides and focusing slide ; tripod-stand, with brass top, scales and weights, two porcelainx daishes,tath and dipper, glass funnel and meatture,book of instructions, an.dal the necessary chymicals, pecked and sent to any part of the kingdom. Cheaper sets thani the above can be had, but not recm- mended. Nutrsiner, aud toids.ncuing every atice asimaluve, but warger. zine roorton tAking portrait Amand u,Trgnder;o nexfttsrs A1 lus. sotak eng pitue acsquremandc undocoer,Eeyaril.nphtga cheape thanpisel anydhoeslehoue ins Lodezpton atolbr Fleming'. being perectywO'ford- dfreet, frondn Floishtt inPchsof5 otugm Dbt. eaciber Fleming, now rady,d peric fod, by adpoet Theort btogaughtirct purpoeB.hAsers, n expoerine prtr shele nt tod giein wSstawructonswa the rown-sresidencesoo modzerate pterms. mods FP FAMILCOESJ REMOVIN'G.BOTANITUAL LICRO7 dscOipES.n ofde In maoganRy case, wit trAeeD poers conedes,picr, and twusdon slides.t till msho ath anTUacY' inWarter Pricen stoe. 6.adreloss, Gcrphamsdine.o 7 inThr -rooron reet.Ablarged 193. pEstimte for prnacdlier and themoa b reetecito of c glain. ben OREMOVING.-FUURNITURE. moed,and Warehused. onit rmoderae trloerms ts; "tEL Horthaondo brafsto wniarehouses, Grys-lninn-aroady, aiding'scrss lstalsed fa 1839,dstiatoelefrga ckly ingd andIO re ovalrieeo charge. ine, o -L ppy at T. YDWI s BDIU,aement1, Pinsaury.Cntas fo edNO. Piete,% worsof qart, 4o.. in cae eB an Imroled pm. 5 6 cile Pckn fOrts riwak atnd fetrer, p caris. ,X uie FUNTR,Pcue,and all?zw d eveabwe Pro9,1.pert Are-m arod breakas lniatin nsnid not, rie=1 ty an R de in thec diteto.IT fashioo and COZENS. staiorrers, I, Chancery-lane. D EDUCED PO-STAGE.-PAPRKINS and GOTTO _ILI can now send their useful SAMPLE PACKET of WREITNG P'APER andl ENVELOPES by yost. on reeptof 10 stamps. Each article being numbered, and a hast enclosed, a selection can bee made with the greatest eae. To place parties residing in the country uapon the same footing as those in, town, the carriag wil ba paid upon all orders over 20s., and n3o charge mado for stampin ains, crests, or initiabLs-Parkins and Gotto, manufacturers, 25, Oxord-street. rfs VER-POINTED ROUSE is BAXTER's, MOIIDk' Stad, where may be seen the largest stock In London ci MOIANGOLD and SIL.VERrPECIL-CAS-S. vrying inprios from 2e. Cd. to S) guineas: and everlasting odpn from 5s. to 30c,, warated to suit any handwrtngan ecage If notapproved U SEFUL and ELEGANT PRESENTS.-FP. MORDAN's E-VERLASTING GoLD) PENS, to suit all bands, and n = varetyOf Patterns may be had of most raotbejwl lers an sttioners, tth nmacoy 3 Gowl-d Eaewbl- H YDE;'s BRITISHE EMPIRE INKS.-" I find it these inksdo notthseckenasordinayink-s ;theyace very flud, sPeedlybecoDme anintenwea.dabldig_black, and donot corrode steel PeMs.-AMdrew Ure,M.D., F.R.S, Ple3aseorder of your atationers. EHyde and Co., sealing-wax maakers, Ct, Fleet-street. ri'HE PATENT PEN GUIDE, 1a. Patenitees, IL EAMONSON and PARKEII. 33, Ludgate-hill. Retail of statlonerso. &c QOFlAFER's PATENT STAM1P DAMPERt, a newly patented invention for effectually damping postage, and receipt stamps, adhesive envelone, ,Plabels, do. In appearsntO Stir similar tea BwrrySPatent inkstand,ito which it forms a gustabla companion in the writing desk; whenL open the stamp in placed on a cushion, andl by presaing down the lid it is instautlydanped on beth rider anim rt *at conLsideration, as that alone insures the perfect adhesio th stampD; whon shunt it is air-tight, and may be carried in the pocket or writing desk with perfect security. riie, in morocoD, 7's. 6d.; sent post free into the coDuntry on receipt of a pos't-ofrice order for Ss.-JA-MES JBROOKS, agent for the patentees,I6, Ver-street, avedlah-SQuare. pAPERHANGINGS.~The cheapest house in wholesale warehouse, 22, Great Portls nd-sre, Ox dstreet,.wher the puollo and tine trade are supplied from the moat extensive assortmcent in the kingdom, coninewcng at 12 Yards for 6d,
TONDOND)RAINAGE, and the CLEANSING of Lithe THA?4ES.-Peaoe andarobitecture. Bead theBUILIhN(G NEWS, price 4d. SoldbyaUlnewsvenders. 1IDDELL's M1AGAZINE an,teAMATElm. la:LMwellanof Literatureand Criticism, No.9. forMaxy,LrictE d si,ustrated, is now ready. Riddell and Ce,,Sherborasilane; Piperand Co.. Paternoster-row * and all book-sellers. -V_XAAMPLES for BUILDING CONSTRCTIO-N, XUfor M11ay, p rice 2s. 8d. Contains Z-Detalls of Regenit's park Chag1-Rooi ofDr. Fletcher's Chnapel-Rustlnated Quooins, byvariou, B4 & y HENRY LAXTON, of the Civil Engineer and ArlrteS' Journal, 19. Arunidel-etreet. Strand. 'RAM , fondedon Fabiohi.-Just published, the DO' L MARTYRS of ROME: a Drhama, founde on, },acta in the Erly History of thieChurch (and adapte4from'Fabaiola, or the Church of the Cataconmbe"). BytheRer.] , Is.. Post free. IoDndon, Burns. 17, Portman-strM.t. rL'HE TRAIN, a first-class magazine, Is.mothy T illestrated. No. 5. for May, containsCotiuonbyRB Brough, G. A. Sala, F. B. Smedley, B. IL Yates, W.Brougb, EDrpr J. V. Bridgusanuad other popular authors Ocoonibidge and son' Paternoster-row. NETONNAGE of SHIPS.-Fo opeesv "larticle on this subject see the last four nubrofteMC - NICS' MAGAZINH, Nos. 1,705-6-7-8, price 3.ec.Rbrsn Brooman. and Co.. Mechanics! Magazine and PaetOF c, 6,Fet street, city. ri 'O JUVENILE WAREHOUSES.-BLAOK- LWOOD's LADY' . MAGAZINE for May contains a mew and beautiful variety of JUVENZILE COSTU31SIR, ball and evenin g dresses (French plates), literature. sc. Przice s.. oris. 2d. in stamps put free, of ILBlackwood and Co. Office,l13.Strand. DUNCH Oil the NAVA-LREVIEW. See No. 773, L for May 3.-The Gun-boats---Britannie's late B3rood-The Cornmaeus at Sea-nob's I)ay at the Naval Rev-lew-Eejoicisgp for PeaceBu-enos of Parliament~-Peace at Work-Martyrdom of a Modern Bisho-p.-c. Office. 85, Fleet-street. Sold everywhere. OW a PENNY BECAAL a THOUSAND.LJ OUJNDS.-This interesting worl unfolding astriking and practleal systemOf economy, wfi be publisedeon the Istof June. price Is. tTO secure coPies Orders shOuld be given imnmediatelIY. London, Irouls.- ton and Stonernan. HOUSEHOLDWOD,odutdbCHRE DL1ICKCENS.-INo. 319, forMa3.onis:-rpalfra R ational Jest Book-Bond and Fe,i orcatr-h oeTs -Econiomic Botany-A Summer ihtDra, c Office, 16. Wellington-street north. Sold everwe. TT'J1IE PULPIT, Part 410, for Mlay, 16 Sermons, Is.; JL Vo.LLNVIII.(or Vol.2for 1815). 114Serm,ons&, E.C.; Sermons (511 by Rev. H. MeiTill, 3 vote., 23s. ; also 100 mere recent Sermions by sm,wth 37 by other clergymen, 10s. ; 162 Sermons, by Rev. J. H. Evn,Vols%. ifs.-John I. RobDeso0n bock Of Apteai-al L CLECTICREVIEWforlay, pricels. 6d., contains: E2 Life and WritingsofDBr.MHtto-h oFine Arts of theMiddle Ages-Misselonary Effort in the West Indies-Reformers before the Reformation-The Food ofLondonl-Brief Notices of New Books-Review of the Mfonth, &o.-London, Ward and Co.. and all booksellers. OIMs SANDRDL BRARY for May.- B GUIZT's ISTOY ofCIVILIZATION, from the Fall of the ]Roman Erpire to the Frech Revolution. Transiated by'WILLIAM HFAZLTT. InS vols. VoL.IL,-will Portrait of Charlemagne, post Svo.,cloth, Se. d. Henry G.Bohri, York-street,(3Coent-garden. BOLAS~ICAL IBRAY for May.- B ODRCNT"OXAR of ATINQUOTATIONS, Classical and hiedisevaJ,includingrroverbs,3mxims.Mottos,LawTermsandplhmses, -with a Collection of above 510 Greek Quotations. Edited by H,L T. RILEY, B.A., late of Clare-hall, Cambridge. Post Evo., cloth, 5s. Hlenry G. B1ohu, Yorki-street, Covent-garden. B~SSCIE1NTJIC LIBRARY for y. B OHAUssCHRtONOLOGAL TABLES, Rerised and Elredcoxoprolendlog the Chronology and History of the World. from the Earliest Times to the Rne-ran Treaty of Peace, April, 1156. By J. WILLOUGHBY ROSSE. Thick post Seo. (upwards of SW0 yages) cloth, doubts volume, 103.; or half-bound miorocco extra, I,.s. 6a. Horny G. B3ohn. York-atreet, Covent-garden, Vp ACTS for the DAY of THANKSGI-VING f~or JLPEACK-The Shout ofthe Camp and the Songof the Nationor, Thoughts for the Thanksg-iving Day. B3ythe Author ofthe ..Cr; of the Camp," &c._ Id. IstherePeaco?ArractforMnay4. By the Author of the " National Fast, shall I keep it and how Y"&c. Id. London, Wterthelm and Macintosh, 24, Paternoster-row. JOHN CASSELI's EDUCATION-AL CoURE in weeklay Numbers, price l?i., andi monthly Parts, 7d. each.No. will ho issued Saturday May 10. The Courze wil commence with "Science Popularly MipLikd, or 4.00 Questions and 4,000 Answers Wpon useful Scientific SJubjects, with Mlustrative Diagrams,. Loundon, W.Bent and Co., Paternoster-row; and all booksdellrs 7~EWASCENTfMONTLANC.-On Wednesday .L~extillbe blihe, ipos 5v., tMap and Plate, WHEMRit THEtEs aWII~THEE'S WAY anAscent of Mont Blanc witoutGuies y Ne Rote.By heRev. CHLARLE~S HTJUD. SON, ILA..and EWARD HIBLE KENNDY, A. London, ~i~HEOXFOR andCAMBRDGE AGAZINE ErpOymntRTE?ADY ile Tay aumb theae' Toiu an rS-. Nla-Arlyls chap. Y I o-A Nig t in CthedrlO ouaetrs condsidere as anfe Ireua hn fNtinlEuainRdn Togthedsr--TeSio f o ere ono,Bl n Dady eto Ntel OWlihe toEADY (Maesy, N3br,3o,f h T N BWTOS's ELEYNDOr,FcinN Fc n Fancies, ofro ARThe Roasid ofLif. ntets -L ageanR agge um) oo nta. inshing NorwayS. In emerian. No.IL-f. Philip I or-?.The Listt N WTN LNDON JOUR ndAL ofHATesJIlUsRNAted for May (poest. freeain, egr avnnu)onaindDs anp Inian-Ptn a-.prs of severalla,Buk" Jorn?s rtathe InvetionsdinuSpic Worg and WestavingAloImprovements ifLndtamGneiraors Bendingure Wot. MlanufActuy-ring C ihhlor use,c-rnsumtronso ScEngraing flc Ncew Coran cr-lan. Arnde14,St.rnhequ,Stare, L cetr .1NAJURNA fWrMy,- rice ms.ontains Ehgalfvingsadfe_rin tJusno Thornto Hall Buckslit.sb' ahedrale-sue be, teSthlditord-Pubn Worksl oaf votrlia-Impricaents. ec,of Lndon-IronESTI MnfactureSt.INSLbAR's Abe-Ron vigha thoue-NMeros Engraings. Tof New Inpve=ntions-proednst8o.ii Ennd.gooneerbls,bArchcs,29 BJoard-o t4 NPE ' WARple - coiesna mothlyb had,a lf od volumes -on complete sets of the former large type editions. ri iHE SPIRITUA-L HERALD, a record of the JLextraordinary Phenomena of Spirit Manifestations, price 6d. No. 4, f* May. contains Spirituaasm Considered-A Circumstgantial Relation of Facts-Light and Shade of Spiritualism-The Loss of the Pacilic Review-An Evening at Mhr. ENoon's Spirit Rooms-ttrsair. dinary Case of Healing,. through Spirit Influence-,Notices to CorresPondente. 'Published by H. Baiilhie. 219, Regent-street. A I'SURANCE GAZETTE and PROVIDENT SO- OriginalArticles on the Case of the Deposit Assurance Comapany-The Civil Service SuperaunuationTax-Unsuccessful Companies.-The New Nir Duy BllLif Asuracein France-The Insurance Meetings of theMonh-Cariies Prvident Societies &c. J. Teulon and Co., 117, Cheapside. ~ ~ ~ B f Fl ~MT' EDINBRGH MAAZINE or a, rc of ubic om A LGAZ-P ltic NArrtfe-itr ayipRegster Ein.e FIs. Cd..wcontains :-Col1ege Life at Glasgow- e United 'tates, Cuba an Caada- Rier n th Soth-iteCoventry: an Auto. bigrph.Edithed byAThe Autho of HEPgh GrAnd.EPaTYV.- Sktches othe5 No.rthCogad byaNthpuralict.rNo. asIeeinTenRock ine Spring-SkonnettoMa-a. hMoyntaumberotaisodJohddilson Craokerf tir,s Troadutor Tandimatore-, triongs. artpo wUu aIAlsn's Hveistry Thr ns bew a pinit,vabyTC. Teaty. Lonoa oncatrF iic-.u Parke sadeSont,-Westi Stherand.r-Etats c lie J d ture.Theatres, 16c., prNer.Oisedoby the publ-lc pea asre-eient-lyet the Thee mstbe Sellinit.byc.Searns,T Laincate-Peace-Long e n.aal ageentaLiftng he Vli-Petry Axt acte &.aPricetIon. Cd. Subcritin 13. eryea. Ofe, , AgVI-pIce Reget-tea ehot, an The Royal Academy Exiiinfor 1818-The Court, Aristocracy, and Diplomacy of Austriai-T2he Spendthrift, by W. Hlarrison Ainsworth, B.sq.-Summor Days at Tenby-Motber Ford, by Charles Vila Jayme-Tom Ellot's Paize-Omar Pashas Campaign-The lay of tbe Stork-A Glimpse of Beandeld. by JohnStabbing. Grtet's History of Greece, by MonksahoDd. London, Richard Bentley, Newv Burlington. street. ]EJENY- AYEIVglNEW PERIODICAL on LONDONand LODONElt.-Nowready, Part III. price Is., or 'he GEAT ORDof LONDON :-Lcgai, Medical, Religious, Commercial. audShop Londou;LIterary, Theatrical, Mjusical, Artistic, and Exhibition London; Fashionable, Fast. Political, Military and Nautical London; Loconrotive, Mar-ket. Working. Street, and Criminal London: Eating and Drinking, ScolastIc, andFcreigners' London, &o. ByHBNltY MAYHEW, Author of "London Labourandthe London. Poor.'" A bail: for (all classes anid all places.-Athenrumn. David Bogue, Fleet-street. -1)>E.ISSUE of the POPULAR EDUCATORz, J-i, edited by Professer WATM ACB. A.M., of the ,University of Glasgow and Collegiate Tutor of the University of Lonidon: P'art L will be published April 30, price 7d.. containin -lesdenzin Ancient Hist EngishGramix,Mathematicm Arithmetic, French, HIt Phyiddry,lain otany Biography ; also Solutions of Quneries. an Adest the Reader. Division L. in a handsome wrapper will be ready MEay 15, pricelIs. Also now publishin,g in weekly Numisers at lId. each. Londton, W. Kent and Co., 51 smna 52, Pakternoster-rowr; mnd sbookseliems VPETRAIN, a first-class. Map-Azine, Is. 3Montbly. LNo5,for Mfay (ow ready), contains :-3[arstn Lynch- Chapter 11ad 2 ByR BL B1rough-The Paper on the Wall. ]by George Auigustusl Sala-An Act of Mercy. B3yFrank F. Smedley- The conclusion of Mr. Watkials's APprentice. B3yWilliam Brough-Something More about John Wilkes. By Edward Braiie-May Song. ByW. P. Hale-The Path of Roses By LewisCarrollBum,bug. ByEdmued H. Yates-Wilton Cross By John V. rldgaan-Song. ByJ. Deffett Francis-The Waiting Booms,&c. With Illustrations by C-EL.Bennett anftW. MeCeonell. GroombridgeanudSons..eaternoster.-row. T1[HE RED BOOK for 1856.-Now ready, with ad- J ditional Corretions to April 2D,-THE ROYAL KALENDAR, sea Curtan Ciy egste. or agand Sotand Ielad ndthets Coloies:continin animprved nd elargd Perage and Ba det Religious Societies.-Charitable ansI CODsnrilIsiwin-~gs trates-Hospitals, I-c thDroughly revised, prieoeS. beund inre;o wit-h an Appendix or irudx of Names oontaiaed in the volume,Cs d londoss. I. and A. Suttaby. Stationere'-court, and otber proprietors. rJ MACTS for the PRESENT CRISIS. By Sir JLARTHUR HTATLAM } ETON, Bart. lFirst series, mewed in Mrrpper&prce2s. Ed. No. 7. There's ANothing either Good or Bad but Cntomae it so. 11. FanrylPortraiti or Slides for alParliamentary Magic l-antern. 14. Thoutghts on Adnmnistrative Reform. IS. How to.Raise Ablebodied Reenilts fortse Army and Navy. 25. Reappear, ante of the Boy Jones. 31. Magisterial Oppression, or the Wrongs of EbenezerCheek. 33. Schools forPatiper Chidren, &o. Second seies, sewdasabve,prce s.Sd.No.. r. roger'SReoeiptfor EnconragigNaaHroirn. . Ue ad Auseof English Courage. 12. Phoogrphsof he ar art. 2. Sandlaof Patronage. 23 and. and24.Bedieom erus olie.27,8. nd25.On heWorking of the oor aw, rc. ublihed y Kealak, Pak-steet,Brisol.Sold rI' B MECHANI]CS' MZAGAZINE, for Saturday, May3. No. 1.705, price 3d.. conxtains-Articles and Correspondence on Doale-sWood-maouiding Mgachine-Large Bell and Bell MachineryPlroposed Ship Canal between the Atlantic and Placific Ocea-i's-- Pret.sch's System of Engraving from Photographs -Osmodic ForceSurplus from Patent Fees-oUmax'slmrprovements in Steam EngrinesBiddeli's Cast-iron Railway Crossings-Durant's Vehicle Register-Ira- proemets in Cutting Stone-Ma;rchinton's Viose-Bobbin-art or Twis Lae Mchies-oteon Tonnage Ad1measurement-and Mechanical Locomotion-together withL descriptions of more than lOnew inventionis, and all current information relating to patents. The Editor advises and assists, inventors in all matter relating to provisonal protections and patents. Instructions to inventors maybe obtainedgratis on application to Robertson, Broomnan and Co., M1echanics Maganin,e snnd Patent Office. 1ff, lFleet-street, London. TIHE CIVIL SERVICE GAZETTE, now greAtly I enlargd, of To-morrow. May 3d, willontain :-The CrisisMnitsterial and Plarliamentary: Peace and its Coeiaequences-Our zColonial Pol3icy: Civil not Military governors Wanted-The Superannuation Conmirittee (Special Report): Evidence of Mr. Tily. Assistant Secers tazy of the Post-office.-Mr. Ansell of the Atlas-Mir. Hrardy ot the London Aasurance-The Water-Gaserd of Liondon, GlasEow. liverpool, Oe-re onstabulary Grievances -Agitation for'InCTeA9e of Inland Revenue Salaries--Clerks in Government Prison-Stamp) tbutors ankd the ElecUTiv Frsnchise-The GodariclaPurge-The 011 Service for theMM iions-leaforlSiupernumerariesandextraClerks-I.jstsofvaca. cbs, Official and Mlisecllaneous, at Home and in the Colonies-News of the Weeka &ac. An early orderto the officoe. 6l, Strand, or to a newsvender, is nece&ssry. to ensure a copy. A"zents for Dubbln. 'Rousse and Co., 132, Stephenls-gceea; Lirerpool, 9- Greenwood, 1f. Canning. plsoD; Edinburgh, G1. Cotten, 231, High-stret. H OMES of TASTE.-See FAI4ILY FRIEID1 for May,ow reabdy. 2d.monthly. Wardslzid Lok. QNE FLORIN.-proposed Tax~ on aiwyTickets. -RadPE-P~Al TAXATIO.Nq. At altelbais rs and Son, 1. aubREN-E= l VFNESE-ASONs of the CHURCH,wbat they Teach: zaeeOf Sermons on the different times and occasions of the VhItIafr Year. Edited by tho lRer. H. NE%VfAND. Part VfLfo btstratde, is now ready, rIceO 15. Cd london, J. and :C. Mozley. 6, Patermoster-row. HOlOhKHAMS;- LIBRARY: e-stablshed ~1764.- H Te nev estb"l hbs=c--tuPYo sigetb OldW Bn-street. CIHEAP BOOKS.-20 tier cen.dicnt t,oroe. V=ure Conr n oeg reserflyadposty executed. directedan staelrh ele.n enelo~p6 QECOND-HAND EOOXS.-MVay be had, gratis, a, k-J new CATAI,OGU:Eofexc0ellet BOOKS. in all Classes or literature. Books bought. Apply to JOEL IIOWSELL. 8. King wilam. x!treet, Strand. 0r BOOK BUYERS.-A CDATALOGUE of.* iv ychceand valuable collection Of rare, c0rious, and intereat. lug OOK, isnowready, and may be had on appIcation, or sent potfe.UPham sand Beet late --o-dwelL, 46, NewE on d-strect% comner ulladda-sree. LbraiesPurchased, ~ECOD-HA~ LEGERSand ACCOUNT- F IELD's IWEDDI , Birthday, and Christening corn SNS t h ratbbwarehouse, 65, Iteents-quadat,, urerotAir-stret :-SBplendid illutrated famly Bibles,one gineassich velvet and morocco Church Service.,with rims annclasp. 15. Cd. reference Btibls, best mrccom, with masPs, le. Id the completo Bible and:Etye~ mroco,With riM and clSasp 9., Cd. school Bibles, Is Prayrs,Sa.; Tetamnts Cd; 10,600 varieties on band, from IL, to1 guieas; lsothelages strkof luvenle bools in the kingdom. -NTEW SPORTING N(YVEL.-Chapter the F"irst -A'%of Mr. Newton Dograne's Sporting Adventures has appeared in the FIELD, the CountrF Gentlemen'sNesrspaper, and wil be continueod evrySturday, Price 6d. weekly, by order of any bo>okseller, or, direct frmteete. A specimen oopy for six stamnpe.-2 to 5, Ewsx-streekt, Strand. HTJLL N-EWS, Satur-day neWsp~r established 1851L-Advertisers wre respectfully inen . 0l oiso the Hull News are sold every Saturday. if IMCPese 11)ROCLA AT IO0N of PEACE--See BELL's INEWS, the best weekly newspaper. Pricelid, Thenewrnovel, justecomnmenced, " The City of theCzar : a Tale of the Late War ' ig exciting veryg~reat attentio.-AIithe Neweof theWeek-. Office, 290. Strand, London. Order of any bookselleror nowanan Three copies sent'to anypartpost free for 4d. WIEST-END OFFICE -for AD-VERT1ISING~, WVND. 13, Soutlunolton-street, INew Bond-street, established u,pwards of 70years, A4di-ertisemen3tsand orders for allthe london 6An conry p per -uctually attended to. Answers to advertisements re-. ceiedwthU%tcha3rge. if unexceptionable. MW.BALFE.-GOODNIGHT! GOOD NIGHT! Me BELOVED: Serenade. The poetry by LONGpELLOWthe music by B3ALFE ; saing by SiMS R,eeve., Price 2s. 6d, BOse and Sons. musical library, 2s, Hoiles-atreetI W. BA.LFE,.-ThoRELAPERaudtheFLO'tNyERS. ITJ. Song. ThepoetrybyLO~NGrELOW; themusiobyBALPE-. umg byMiassDolby. 1rice 2s. 6d. Boosay and Sons, znnsical libraz7, 23, Hfolles-street. hrW. EALFE-RSTHRNT: uct. The~ lYL po,et-Y by LON'GFEL,LOW' the music byBlALF,R Sung by the blsses Brougliam. Price Is, blooey and Sons,musical libr-au3; 28, Hloles-street. W. BALFE.-The FIRST KISS : new son _L._*The1poetryby RYAN. Copsdby BALFR Binstratedy Brandard. Sunng by Amis Pools.0TPrice 6s d. Bloosey and Sons, mus. cal library 28.11elles-street. A 7ERDI's LA TRAVIATA..-WE'LL LAUGH and V SINGall CAR.ESAWAY: the celebrated Brindisifrom Verd. new Opera, -with English words by RYAN,. Price 2-. The whole ef the music in La Traviats is Pu'blished by BwsosyandSons, musical library, 28, Holles-Btreet. LA TRA-VIATA VALSE by MONTAGNE,-on Verdi's new Opera. is just 'published supebly ilsrtd rc 4s. Also the whole of the mnusic in La _rauata rBooey andrSo mu.sical library. 23, Holles-street. i aTa t.Boe u NORDMIANN.-~ISABELLE : Roace for the Pianoforte on a.beauttiulY'rench air, the last Production of Rtu' dofNordinarn, the most Popular Pianoforte composer of the day. Price2s.M Cd eeose and Sons, musicalhlbrary, 2, Holles-street. ST. PATRICK QiJADRILLE, by HEN_~R.I _LAU- REN4T, the best quadrille on Irish aimo ever. comsposed - re-de-; manded every evemnin at the Argyli Roomus. Prtice Is, lioos,ey and Sons, musical library, 23, Holles-street. U~lST PUBLISHED.-The *.WEJiTEBLOi iSOMEDTREE. Beautifully illustrated. Writtenbyi. j0HNSON, EQRdse t.om risedb-2As.UG ARI-z C2&d,.free for stamps. T. Letc'nford, 17, Soho-aquare (late Jewell and Lth ford). FtAPING at the WINDOW. Ladie~ -Comi Sng JI Sung byUmisWillarms,the WelshNightingale, inLanza'sEntertainment,theWelsh Girl's Stratagem, with rapturous applause Price, 2s. 6d., free for stamps. T. Letchfordl, 17, Soho-squaroe (ate jeweli anIX L,etcbfordl. FJIHE SILVERY SHO-WER. Tentheiin eie. R Brillilant Fantasia. B3y W. C. SEJLLE ric ,fe o tms " The most charming morceaur of the seasouCotGate." delightful brillisant and effecUTie peCce."-0Sibsro .'ulo eoy graceful, Pleasinwg,andstrikingly effective.I T. Lthed(aeJwl and LetchLford), 17, Soho-square. FIH-EFLAG of PEACE isWA_VInG7,new at-ional JLSong. A fins, bold. manly, patriotic song, the sentimlent of which w fiind aready echo inevery trucEnglishmauls heart, price2s,, rtee for stamps. T. LetchfordilateJewrelan3d ltchfordl),17, Soho-s;quare. ~A ROSE do SCUTARI QUAD)RILLES. By. T RWNE. Beautifully ilustmra,d,price Is.. free for stanX,p, T. Letchford (late Jewell and Letcbfordl, 17. Sobo-square. QIGR. 31ARRAS's NEW WORKS.-Mlessrs. LeaderKJ~Fand Cock beg to anoumce that Sigr. MILRiAS's NExV ITALIAN St'hGS andflUEsTS are now -published. Lender and Cock-, Ill, Ne,SBond-street, corner of Brook-street. ATULES BENEDICTFs NEW PIANOFORT1E UJPIEfCE, NOCTURNE DIE SALON, just published. Prxice Is, Leaader and Cocki, 63. New Bond-street, corner of Isrok_strvet 'EI3L STE %DA.BENNET'I's .NEW SONGS-,, TVIndian Love, Winmter's Gone, Dawn Genitle Flower, As Long. some through the WVoods, Sing, Mtaiden, Sing, Castle Gordon. 2s. each, or in one hock IOs. 6d. 1eader and Cocl, 6S, New Beand-street, corner of Brok-street. K -ARL VOGE'SNEW PINFREPIECES,- Staubbacb, the prlnCsae s:Sn of the Woods, Nec-, turnse, 2., Leader Cc,,e Bodsrt,corner of B'-ook-st. flALFE's SONG. "M-lERRY and FREE." WVords I.P byT J.KCARPENSTER. Music by IL. W. BALFE. Prieo 2a., Postage free, London, Published by Joseph Williams. M2. Cheapsido "AFsSONG of the SEASON, I HEAR.a JL 00 ou CANNOT HA.ler yTCL.Mec byW.L BALE. Przice 2s., postage free, london, Joseph WMiims, i1A Cheapaide. AT ' NEWSONGThe BELLS. Poetr b Weis. rioeZt.(orbesralParts gratis), postage freo. London, pub lisbedby JosePhVWillhims, 123, Cheapside. G _AILY THRLO' LIFE WANDER, from Verdi',s La- GTraviata, sung by Miss Herton (Mrs. Reeyd) hin her Popular. Biu'strations. WVords by G. LINLE1Y. 2s, Cramer, Beale, and, Co.. 201, Regent-street. NEKW SONGS, by SA2eIU_ELLOVER.-Nereirmore,. sung by life. Sims -eees; I am a Simplo Gondolier, sung by V Air. Iockey; the Fishserman's Daughter, rung by Ales. Lockey. These . songs h,ve been introduced at the 'Principal concerts with-tbe greatest - success, Duff andHIodgson,6Cl,Oxford-street. MISS POOLE's newv and poi~ular SONG-MAY GUUIA~NA~NGELS HOVEItN.,AR THEE, composed for - herby FRNK ROVME, which isso enthusias,tically receired atallI the concerts, is published by Duff and Hodgson, 68. O3cord;-stree.- Priice 2s. Is. per 100 to cler-uymen for their con.gregations, Jewel (from sobosquare). musieseller andpubli6her, 14 Great RussIU-stTeeetBedlord-ujoa 7IUSIC, of all kindsg, at greatly reduced prices, iLuLCatalogues of 1,00D pVopular songs, reducedl to 8d. each, and LON0 dance pes,gratis. Mlusic sent to the country free of postage. Soiled mnusic bouhtor exehan ed. All now muisic supplied at a disrount of 4d. off the shilling.-WIlliam Robinson, jun., $D, Wardour-street, Oxford-street. TrRAVIS's AINATEUR ORGANIST in three' -L -rolumes,price iSs..or in 1bGooks, priceis,each. fhe tetuinphait - sutreas of this beautiful work- has caused various Imitations. Thle muscalpubic re espctfllysolirited to order Trav&ss Amateur Osgaiat Leni ee, etrpoltanmosc warehouse, 48. Albensazlestret. forth olue i ina fowar slteGf publication. posers, rLANGTNWLLIAiII's CNCER, T tteheam-uxti-obd-l balad copoed xpesy orA-iss Pooe,Wule SOrds JO H K Nd . 2s, d. ach fre frstmpe W. iu Piaos,o221. Nots.hacout-rand.8 lflIA~~~E L L E6. Als hra,ed Fortu Panbeorox P,i n (No.181 PuIANIST.H pricell,poetsa (17 Diabe; 107)Derlhsschnz: 120)DonPas Baouqanue1 others 192. eah,16-7 La eueoe;18-91Lci i ane -or The165 h&eLLYd, h Btsogpotfefo11taps.b"Twheo ath best ans most w oulae so angs ofrthe only." DAVID Msl SlOuqs offSic,19L R IEDERY Oihbe WtfubTE dSongse fweitboutWraDh) Ix hootks most handsootme andicorrecith thexeyeitions veoubihe,Msinnie Guque NEt Y~he American, air, p% ublished at 2g. as X33-anththe,- pnyeiIono Old'Folks at Home, ptublished at 2&, as " Old Friends atm Hoe-lewhole post free for IS stamps DaTidson., rtver'bi2l, St. Iaul'., SAM1. COWEL's- C-OMIC SONGS, all capi-. ,L5 tallY and comniwXly embeliisbed :-1ebath Alm th Brave: Richard the Third- LA Sonnambula; The ]Pbety Thieres; Hamlet; Aladdin: the Iqeecirat of Venice: and the far-famed Rtacct Daughter. 6d, each, otfree 7d.. Skying the Copper, Id.; Bily Bar'low, 3d 'the lost Chld Id.; Lord L-ovel and Lieutenant Luff, &t, : th. Cork Leg, Steam Arm, Ben the Carpenter, and Ben Bottle, the four for 5d. The only correct editions of the above are published ira DA.TIDSON's MUSICAL TREASURY, 19, Petee's-hill, St. Paul'g, TELADYBIRD POLKA. By T. BROWVNE 7T~HEmostonlaj)ANE PMSIC is M~AR- .LRIOT's VIGIN XEVARSOIANA,2s. the only correct edto,wthbholes. h e Lancrs s;Valse do Gasider, 3&: Rose of England Gao,I iteDorrtFls 2s. Froc for stamps,, I'AcoDrn. 18,Raho-pae 00-OK PLATES.-ARI%S ENGRAVED On book LI,%latms froml5&., at tha West End Practical Engraving OlSes,16. W lock-street, Oxford-street. Every description ofl engmraing done on the premise,, cheaper than = canyut house in London. VART, Palishr, hs -R MOVE hiseduca- T LEBft's CATABLOGUE,cntiIn isejie collection of second-hand books, ver chea.mvrosdprmnso ieaue gratis and post frm-3, Upe1atSihod oe- i. tre ru 1O PRINTERS and BOO-KB1N-DERS.-The .Executors of S. and T. Sbharwood are now SELLIMNG OPP, at gratiy reducedTprices the enticeSTOCK, of TYPE5Preasees ac,!bols niew and second-band, belonging to the late ifrm-=2, Aideragate-- street. ECHAICALmoniON-A PLATF, HIUAtr-. ,Ai. tig 10 MEHANCAL OTINS,with kM seAr be biAd fre o aplcaio, s-y os oi rceptoftw sams, wthcoen LF ABELS CUT by MIACHINERY.-Adheere, foe R mseklnc goods, I I. Or1,0; diapealeg or s eriIa,sU d.~, coeusmees.-J. CRO&S ae& oM ,vm achine rnr,sb papas, md taiooes IS, UQIOM , 1W
SALES BY AUCTION. I; cn i.-Szwn,foden Homsehnbl Fumrit7me and Fffmrt., Mp. C. GAh RDIiNERvill SELL byAlTOT10N. on ne.oday. Masy 7. aqt 12. 1F,iw rde, of the P}rcoprietoXr. A.T0 i theo ion lr HOteECL flf h E cornprising mahogany fs-r-iogotbed- ase, ea erbeds andedin. d chest of deaere.d w s h n 7 L ill tables. rbase')e inehoeany caS'ce room and ioo 'ab>e mahoganIy chairs. rosewrood couJch. carpets. an:l various other cireta. hiay bo vieved the day precedia, a:nd morning of rale. ar,d ctlognesob.. ti ned.upon thbcreinjin- a:idat the aucf:ione tceZs,17, JIfltton- I.ease of prerimes aned LroodwviU of an old ablieheri Business o a Ratcher. at Kilbhro-Un.ler BanL=pnptey. PLR ALFRE) COX WEIl SELI, on tbe Ptrer'sc;s MJ.early in Mw. in lote ( b!er vrelbom1vdfms1.ed of by peiva co0.. tractl, theLEZA S of the ELOUSE, Shop,Stab lo.irLd3?addock, bean by Mr.' Deacon upon a ter, of which about esigbt year are ucxpirgc, nt a very iovw rental; aisr the csiuplete Fitn:eess Trad,e Fttingt.R hoer-sE carla. &o.; together writh1 the vwell-made nesefol I .ifuro of tgs 14-roomed ds'ebling: the whole offering a rare .nniiy for ay o~ L,ell, lisq. eUelisijtor, 4. Greatez Ryd&er-street, St. 3 neS'B-fen i preemies; and the auct:oneer'.io Otices N;ew Bond-3treet, or trplge tinner-er ;0. 7st Bnnd.st.reet. ; . QSktt t Small Lh.- easir ehomld Inestmehldnt. .mnt 1~'rw QUA LEIT ban ee d instructions to irYA a'LLbV AUCTION, at the Mart, o n Th ur da y 1 ,rc in of 12. iNn Ewc lots,}a ; c n onta ESiDEnCE, callme qd SwanFicme, in Swanplatdb gar Kent-ro, letron toae tb..ran. 7,S.nnaritanttre*nand t amatHouss ald Sn lg, immed:ately in tho rear of the above, lt-to weel tnts and prodUC t eMAlY X0 4q . The 1hc lei heldorteroily&at eta grd Flound re t of 15 Per Ranm-na tihc y ae e baad ofST. J. Foord.G En., solicitor. PLaueor a, e olBoad-street; and of M. Qaalet. amtinneer. 10. New Bondmtee lleasusemauithLb labe emal LeAse~hold Invee mt&ose ~IR. GEORG -BERY iil SE LL bY A-UMY~ON Mt the eAt" ou Frnid,y. H%ayg. alt Ifor2precifeby, iv rnflO tutu. NINE tOtIiEbt ese con~s~ ooinad wa8bihoueeiwithfr(cnt aodbchgatieo, bey~g er is.~ .6.7 S.and MO.Trnea-*teet, nea th man rad.Enmerw~it. eghtofwhbh tele to respect-. abiteatodsnoaogthethr i hnil pesetigs,ad ihvestmnt t lierom o limied soita! Keybeviecul.ansi ortcityrs
