DEATHS. On the Ilth of Decemler Lis-t, at Ba7ssim, Buetnab, aecidentally drsn thed, in cofsqaerice of falling into the rii-er from the shi, Sautarang, when it wazs necarly dark, Arthur, the truthxful and beloved Eon o iiechardl Farry, Aj M.D., bbSA y-place, St. John'a-wood, in hiis ISth year. on the i7th of December lat, at Swan Ri'vr, WVestern Australia. Ifoey, the wife of Captain E. Y. WV. Heniderson, of the Royal 1 )a the 2ith nit., at H1astings, aged 63, Mr. David Bray, late of Haminer,isith. On the 24th ult., at 3ralta, Captain James Hill, of Cremean fever. Oin the 211th nit., at Sandymsoua.tDnblin, Ednund Tlarwiek, eldest rOt, "f the late Mr. Chaddl, of lSt. German's, King's Lynni, aged 40. t In the Nti ltni., on liis pavssage from 'Malta to Marseilles, on his r-'urn toe ERland, Rear-Amisira Sir William Snmonds, K.B., ex-Suryt50ref the ary, in the 74th year of lils age. Onthe 3li1t ult., at his residence, Holly Bank, near'Manchester, in his £34 year, JohLn Oweni. EHo. atorney-at-lass,. On Mounday, the Ra2t tilt., at 4. St. FEdrundr's-terrace. Regent's-part-. Mary Francs t'lie second daughter of Capt. H. Tindall. aged 11 years and 10 inonthts. On the lst inst.. at Sou£hi Shore, in the county of Lancaster. aged 67, Eirbt.widow of John Islherwood. Esq., of llarp2o Hall, in the coun--ty of Chester. On the 1st inst., suddenly, in Buickiersbury, M1r. George Stanley Mann, aged .5ycarr, deleply laimented. On the 1st inst.. at Daroington, Atinn wividowof the late Joseph Ptasc, Esqi_ and daug,hter of the late Thomas- Bra-"hav;, Esq., of Mdle-roz- couinty Dhwn. (hn the Ist ist., at laisaton-terrace deeply regretted, Mary Ann, the wife of TnoInas Purdue. Esi-i. aged 64. ts the 2linst_, at 17, Mordrn-grove. Lwisham-road, 3MarySaraii WhltldaIe, widow of the la,teAndrew Wlselpdale, Esq., of Battersea, in the 64th year of berakge. On theId inst., at Cheshuint, at anadnedg, ncrspea, tieandne, relict of John Kidg,eilSanndon, Erq., formserlyof Hoddesdon H.zrte. On the I2t inst., at Berlin, Robert Hunter Brovwn, Captain in the On the 2d iint.. at Wolsingli*aa. Durham, aged 70, Frances, widow o the late Thonri Btes, Ea., of Wolhiniha. On Wednes,day, the 'td iut,, at 29, York-place, City-road, in her 70th year, deeply lamented. EizabethC the belovw ed wife of James Fisher, EvIq.and only daughter of the late James Carr, Esq., formerly of Highbutry-terracea. hier end was peace. On the Id mna., at Fronder ianrw_-t Denbigh,ahire, oneut - General Tloaim Wilson, CB., of Bleaurepaire. in the 7Sth year of his age. On the Ed inst., a' Brighton, Anne inmbetb wife of Ulent..Geueral Sin Frederick 6oain, K .B andooCsbuG On the 3d inst. at the Charter House, Coventry. aged 20, Anne Phic e, wife of Franeel IncWyley E hi. on the R d hint_3 Mr. James IJnjhart, formerly of Wapping, late of Vittoiae,place, v ile-endr,aed 70. On the 3d inst., at CotraatDn Ifouse, Sidmouth, Robert Warner, RE.-r., late ef liwmndon, Wilts, aged 70. (In the 3d inst., at Mart-Seld, Slamsforl-hill, Louise JToslphine do la zerpe. widow of the late Rlichsard WyInter Grant Gardner, Esqn., in the (lila year of her age. ttn Thuarday, the 3d iest., the Right Hon. George Robert Daisson, of 3loyola-parkc, Castledawnenn. Ireland, and 16.UnperGrosvenor-atreet, tendon. Depiuty C:hairman of the Board of CIustomsa, in thLe 85th year of Uis age. (in the 3d intst., in the 05th yearof Uisage. Benjamin Robinson, Esq., ait his ron's residence, Vincent Villa, Finehley, late of Glocester-atreet. Queen-square, Bloomsbuay. On the 3d inst., at hisresidence. 52.Rlotherlsithe,3Mr. Thomas Stokes, inhbins5th year, deeply lamented by his family and regretted by alarge circle of friends. On the 3d last., in his 3Id year. of declie and chronic laryngitis, Robert Mfuriel Sandert, solicitor, of 43. Southampton-h,nildings. eldest eon of Roehet Bradfield Sanders, wolicitor, of New-inn, and Orenesquare, Bayawater. On the 4th inst., at 44, Guildford-street, Russell-snuiare, Reginiald Earguhar, the third eon of Philip Riekmana, Req., sged2 years and 10 dlayso
TT!ECITY BANK. 2, Royal Exchiange-buildings. WLSir ROBERT WALTER CARD}2ZT Aldermian. Chlairman. Interest Zlow;ed on the monithly miniimum bal-wet of current accounts. Money received on deposit, the present rate of interes being £5 per cent. A. J. WHITE,Mngr r IAVELLERS GOING AB8ROAD). -The London _LJoinit Stock Bank GRAUNTS CIRCULARt E1T1YEItS of CIREDIT, combining all the advantages of circular no-tes, with Perfect securitY to the bearers. upon the Principal towns of the continent of Europe Amri- and Inia- leftoffice. Prirc.css-trst, Mansion-house; Wetr ranch), GI., Pall-noah. GEO. PsiLLARD, MIanager. DEPOSIT BA-NK, Leicester-1place, Lcicester-sqyxare. Deposits in sums of not less than £1 are received, which manybe adlded to from dine: to tine, and bear interest at £5 taer cent per aiunnu. Depos-itors for two, three, or more Years axe allowed £0, per crut. per annum. Bills are cashed cand advances made to res,ponsible persons, In sunas rAnging front jE20 to £1,tOO, repal able wvithin three inonths, or by Instalments within a year. II. W. SEALIE. M'anager. QOUTHl AUJSTRALIAN BANKING COMNPA-NY )CjmecOrrsrted by Royal Chiarter, lIlt-The Court of Directors GRANT TTERlEtiof CUREDlT and BILLS upon the Companys Bank, Adelaide, at par. Approved, drafts negotlatted and sent for collection. Business. with all the Australian Colonies conducted through the Bank's agents. Apply at,theCompany'!s offics,54.0Old Broad-str-eet, London, Landan. Ist April. 113. WILLIAS5t PUIRDY. Manager. BA K of LONNDON, Threndncdle-street, and Ohalrnan-StrJOHN ViLLIERS SHETLEY. Hart, ifip. Viee-Cbaizrman-JO1l1S GRIFFITIH FRITII, EstI. Current accounts are received And interest allowed on balances, £E5 per cent. intere,st is at present allowed on deposits, with 10 days notice of withdrawal, on rums, of;£10anup rl. By- order, MA_LTtHEW MV1.aRS L,Jera, Manager. BEYJAMUN SCOTT, Secretary, Threadrneme-letrest. Bdarch 20,1I83G. U TNLlNL BANK of .LONDON.-CiR1CULAR. 4 NOTIS Isalue £10 and upwards, free of charge for stanips,) and LE`TTERS of CRtEDIT, payable at all tIre prnucipa cities sta tnwns; of Europe andI elsewhere, ace issued at the henri olifce and branches, aafollows, viza: -Bead office, 2. Princes-street, 3fausion-house. Regent-street Brntich, Airgyll-place. Chasing-crs clsc,- 4, Bl-mall east. - Temle-br Brach lempo,rpffeel.100,Fleet-street. SCELI31CIEOUR, Mngr TIHE LO-NDON DEPOSIT BANK and LOAN TFUJND.-Offico, 356, Strad London. money deposits for 12 mnonths certai wlt ber interst after the sate of six per retnt. Moe epst fur two years cert-tin will bear interest at the rate of seven per cent, pecr am.ntus. Special arrangemenrts will be made for money deposits for longer periodis, An accunt may be oPened with a deposit of XI. and incr eased frmm time to time hy any larger or orraller sum, at thte convenience of depositors, ROBERT S-TEERS. Mranager, THUE LOINDON and EASTERN BANKING COltT. PORtATION : es-tablished Ist January, 1854. Head Ot11ce, 27, Cannon-street, city. Hyde-park Branch, 116. Weutbouroc-terrace. John Cartnac M1orris. Es.R.FtS., Deputy Chairman. Floating Accounts are openedI in the usual manner, with approved parties 2 Der cent. interest being allowed on the naiisum monthly balance, Deposit Accounti,-The 11 eld fur emnployment of money afforded by ibis Bank's brnmches In India enables the Corporationt to allow onx deposits for h,ugthened fixed peristsL, unutsually favunrable s-sins of interest. Depositsamrtcrceived for thefixedperiodIsofonle, three,.or five Ysars certain, at 5 per rent, per annum, Paid half Yearly. For these deposits receipts are given, transferable with the permisson Of the Directors. CallAccornnta-Porsurns depos-ited at lodays', call, S per cent, in. terest in allowed, this rate rising anidfalliug withi the discount, rate of the Bank of England, JOILS RDWARDSTEPHIEN S, Mainager, rE MIX LOND ON andWNESTINIINSTER BANKissues JLCIRCULAR NOTIZ of £10 etch,. payable at every import'ant Place in Europe. These notes ase issFued without charge, and they arn cashodabroast, free of coanriss,ion, The Bank also issuesfree of charge, letters of credit on all the principal cities and towns in Eulrope, Xlan letters of credit are issued Only at the head olScen, in Lothbnry. The circularnuteS may be obtained at the head-offlce. in Lothbury; or at any of the birancbes- CitY Ollice-Lethbury : )V. T. Hendersonl, Manager; T. C. Fletcher Co'.itry Manager, WVestminster Branch,!1, St. Jameest-sqnare: J. W. WVeldon, lia- nager. -Bltoonsbury Branch, 214, High Holborn: W. Ewiogs, Manager. Sorithwark Brealch. 3. WVellington-street, Borouigh: B, Kingsford, Manager; It, Withers. Sob-Mlanager, rEaster Branch. 87, High-street, WhitechaPel: W. D. Asperne, Ma nger. ht, Afarylebone Branch, 4, Stratford-place, Oxfford_street: G. itt Mitchell, Manager. Temple-bar Branch, 217, Strand: C.%Ward, Manager. 'The rate of interest allowed at present on deposit;s of £800 and up-wards is S percent., .'%.W.GILBAIIT. tjeeral manager. WlTESTERY BA%NK of LONDON, 21, Hanover- C-OURT of DIRECTORS. The Right Hon. Sir HENRY LYTTON BULIWEE, G.C,B., Governor Sir Frederic S.ith. 10U,8- 9, Hyde,parkc-squaro, John Arthur Roebuck, F AL., P.19, Ashls)-rlace, Westminster Captaini Leicester V. Venrion, i. P., Arlington-house, IVautage, Berks Major-General At. B. Baguold. 14. Upper Hramilton-tenurce WWiliam Bumi. L,,p, 0. Stratton-street, Piccadilly Edmiund Burke, Esqe,. 69, UPPer Thames-street William Charruan, lkq.. 30. WVoburn-place J. H. It. Chichester, Esq.. 49,1Wimpole-treet HenryCharm Chilon, sq., 6, Beford-quar ThomasetGibber, Eatq-, 19.a aIhroGeuert-atrUeet, ne oit Jo hil Wlreaory, Esq.7, Hrey-pl anSc tihJWLf suac so Edwarditor-gins, rse. 3s6er. A Brod-sreet GoldRyensure .btb Thoma Noeton fett.,n 2h,Abingdben-stexected W ytminstlerso or Colctonel ~ bRewaina, R oyal Artillery Woofwichroaiu William wil rim maon. a the, BRadnor-hunsl Saturaemmic th. is. o John Nttleto, flsq Lega an Genra CLife Assurance aag Scety foration. Ather Defedrn tof setteenate havingee excutdaythsose of moret,heqas than on-alf thelehaaes. ats raequre by the Anpctin ofPalicrtatent, appilntiun.hasobee ableyo at h aeccrtre ofdIeororaiots.tv .i e Thled dhee stailrminy at the Petmknunti Saturday lIne ofthe mnst i.o signature, aters whichdy ieget willre fhorwrdd to bethcowduntry.h toLbrne thet lrgepor aofCptai n Darouglasugediones., aecretarhae AftrareferrIn stfato svralcssoynecaso.cidn,h as ~icencan thes cases ti tnb the fihjit fw insthPetingfiert that thepacci drtentswould probablyr- anot haver inorrematio thepjoints ofvherailus bteen hihye iprtant elem ents int eleonomicand toor working of1h aaiwa,m n toy beObtainethi stablit aPPygratu toCharesoldes bestowedupon the joint Of the ilauis (Ifwten inpSed oitar nue,tefshjit.per to brea onemostlrgelyret adop inted nnrro ag ies n ohv proved erystisfaCtory," o iudainwU fe orpb LiATenca' tolge an thedfishjoin, oft whic tApermlent, Way Company are. the sole propetars,hc and eveRynfRmatio repcing vaios othie uter. thighlyeimporant. pTentIsabeongring to r woredfbyliroete Compal5 mybesie othmainedil upnd appicaiong tooCales May,gn Fo.e.Sh,o thesMna gnier; or n to f W whiana thowenSere i 'tary. in,Nitibilro 1-o 28we. Grea Teore-stc'reet, Westminthegr, udo hc tlYS d conainog nwe.-h ommiettreeofaLs5enidtion will offerforkspubli SA5tLE, ath Colorgne,honlWededa, h06mthof Aprtixnext,e anteIto'loc and0,lbyethe6e ntimetreslic. brea, tA,to'EAb,inhhis o:knIlrge uatt,rmarkt,n, 8, thra,eGoDS andeCHareLos,r Meines,ckaa,~dZic Wo-rkso MhinsoCaainr e,Betrnd,tandhoairns, goanditheflase ofkiv Thers besdestheba monatneracs sode workinga toots4 bedoitigton cschftese a 24minfes, tongoeofwihthere2 ura- sThea enine,d wills hailer of 12horsem powetr,2cthen ZotincWrs,wt the gnnftrouand oyng whicho theysad cntain,beingea arealns o tefmle of 2i tct W4ora cniresmTese work consilsto(Athelag haofo lfm,it,ahdofblel6 aine oreslthueroastin ~olength auldnds-mmd of ltm,an r 12netres 20centi metres in brendth,towihhg itlreudr grond3 irems anre added, The Ar oodnstutd bink brzicksu, ardcoee withe undulatedisherent iron,te whole restrgoriandr ironveduby worke,Tw fofr thec halns contarinechkseven ovenwallsn, opprat14 reiduction dumaelliat 24th mhlea, togther. 28 furnaes. bithe thif ballk, bengo ruthe sameti contrctin,co tains Z theinanufactres brand.h dring m auof the muifles,m Pwls wlis for Oncthedb fatiletwofk 20 wrkmen. B,The followigs-e Buildnse byi Tw halls O c Wtiig toether,i thrcmerenem- wait,keaho four s funacs wthdoul materal tor the roasting tof led 2,theV accomodaetkiond foria e stea engines of li-horse 6 power movin fi'twro cast-irion , grin ers itr and twmruelateralasseien the flcapners. w ork-op; 4.o ausity eathf lourfie ;t, ethensveork ess, Allanng3 thece tauimeres inarz3 bretadth,% C. A wotod andbl b rickbuldn, 73cmerutin lon toe_` 13bread-, inqwhllh there ar, bsdsthe dwelling6 of Ethe,~ drtor psnod theouses, diffrentstoreng rooms, foueralgprindersmvdby hor ses, fourts bric ovrens, ithebrck-in athe. Gldrynbpach.tn an the ro dwoM elln t arrs longe tOf 61 mioetres 80 cetihetwres. broaddto, T aeablelsandth ndifferent workahopia argethconn ectdrb a 6 aetwork oef riays% . Th buildinse areh enclod, by, asribling, Eof 820mers, ind othuerenepc., 3ac. Thetworkin atools a1 nd the matneria of the rodt eanfctory,h eis-crae ond-Ition, le1-thefriture m and mauter,ias ofP rthe fom ices,4 Ahilot aof wedan hath,Ob- cls Etothed works,lclontaininght et- ntairii 12 area . 12 centiare se86,A lo of l a ble prutto, contafining 38 aroes 29cetirares, equl ltsprtly cl t t only he works. x sae commns,zuand gardeens,h vitlate at B. GLadhah and the road tof Mteim ae.;t a yar distanceo tn kioere hm thIe wrsInY iltion lambles land H ouse,cwthd yarn, garden stbl,4 stor moos,h thRinete apurthe. naluces situatenala at ltnuhein on th Rhine,lont the roadst enr The stor rn-m47 i. i leglllto16 n. n Tbesett is k. aerned i fromth a wol, atewads n ot, spaatey roinly Tempworksnt Am berg;they e ditant rom Clogneonly wo lagus aoond, cariae s ai a te mstecnoicrae. ths work ce In full acivty 2 in rdutinfunaesar nconstit employm nt. , suplyisauedinG or, forin moetan seeSots,adocAlESi paselUthis sale. FOr D co dion ardrvan taprt,atClge aterren,I no.stary atnBrssaels deJ rerat, noaypblic Cologne,F BANKING, Mimiing, and Rtailway SHARtES, oeg a2nd Enlglish Stocks, BOUGHT and SOLD, on themotavn tageous term for cah or amcount, Adva,ces pr,ocured thereon, and every information on the subject of investment, or spec.,utation, may be obtainied en aPpliration, by letter or personally, to LE WIS SAGES ON and Co., sharebroksrs, 9. Pinners'-hail, Old Broad-street. Country com manications hav.e prompt attention. ANK NOTS.-The ull vale fven i.n caah for B diamnds, parls,old god and alver goI and silver lace, and Englih an forign oins at KIAMDEANand Co.'s, 9, Coseutry. stoe, eicste-sqare Irsh,Scoch,andforeign notes, exchanged. N.E A as-e asormen ofjewlley, lat, ad lated gooda to be warranted, Draft canted oni Parts,is& JL shortly be _affonled f-or-eitter'in-g-on the b~u-sj1'uv:s of- r. .n;in a bank. Turnover, £10,600,000. Front £11000 to zLt0.0C0 wlvU be requircI t the Ulmc of transfer, wvcdh wiUl he again released. Every thing is in a condition to be immediately taken over. Aiuthenticated comnmunications, w-ien will be regarded as strictly confidential, may be addressed J. S. B.. care of Messrs. Groombriage and Sons. 5, Paternt rter-vv. April 1. 1836, AJEiSTMIINSEit IMPRFOVEMENT BONDS IV iBOUGHT and SOLD. Advances made thereon. Sales and purcabses effcted in British and foreign funds, railwvays, minev At ALpply to Mlessrs. lWliimott and Co., stock and ahare dealers. 6i, OZ Brad-street. ORT DOWEN MINING COMPANY.-WVANT- RED any number of SHARES in the above; also shares in al the geldrmining companies. Apply to George Spratley, 15, Old 1rnal-street. BOTALLACK TIN and COPPER MIINES.-For B SALE one SEARE in the above Compzny, which will pay the purchaser Il t 20 per cent. per annum. Full information and price may be obtained personally or by letter.-George Spratley, 1, Old Broad street. A h'IERICAN INDIARUBBER MUILL-BANDS of all sizen; also tubing for agriculturists, brewers, and engineers, washers, valves, packing, printing-blankets, &ha, in stock.- DoDGr; BACON, and Co., 44, St. Paul's churchyard, and 51, Old Changze, IDDLESEX.-WAS TED to BORROWV, on the .1 tecurity of the county rates for iEddleser, for the purposes of the Act of the 17th and Ith Vic, cap. 169, intituled " An Act for the Provision, Reaglation, antd Mainftenance of County Indiustrial Schools in Midileser." the S1131 of £!7,500, to be advanced en the 17th day of April inst The interest will ha paid half-yearly. and one-thirtieth prC of th*e principal sill be repaid at the end of each year, unti the whole sh311te discharged. Persons willing to lend themoney are requested to send in reled tenders, eudeed " Tender-s for Lending Moncy," and addressed to the Chairman of the Industrial School Committcee cadr corer to mne, at the Sessions-homse, Clerkerlvwell-green, beefore 1:1 as?clck nMnF=ly=;ldlayth 1^4th hofApril statigthe ulcowvefst rateof interest CHlARAlES WRIUGHT Clerk to the said Committee. tETHYLATED SPIRITS of WINE.-WHIITE . and COLOURED FIISH. CA o.p,,in nantitisof I0s,lin,,,d upwards; aisopure and bishly Retfied Spirits of Wine, 65op,, duty raid or in bend, AISXCANDE% UHgrSTIE Biltl Co,~ &IOtope J&acM 27 dtha.sdm-e
METROPOLITAN BOARD OF WOPJiS. Yesterday, at 12 o'clock. the Metropolitan Board of WVorks met in the Council-chanmber, Guildhall, for the transaction of business; Mr. Thwaites, the chairman. presiding. THIE PURTFICATION OF Tl}E THAUMES. Mr. Bazalgette, the engineer-in-chief of the board, brought up and read to the board his report uponi the sawage interception and main drainage of the districts south of the Thames, made in pursuance of an order of the board of the 8th of February last, to the effect that, imprecsed vith the necessity of at once proceeding with the works necessary for the complete interception of the sewerage of the metropolis, Etheyweredesirous thathe should report to them at the earliestpossible period as to the plans necessary for the accomphshment of such an object. The report, of which we give the most material portions, stated thiat,in carrying outthe instructions of the hoard, his attention bad been directed first to that portion of the metropolis which lay upon the south aide of the river, where improved drainuAge was most urgently required. The board would probably remnember that in 1853, pursuant to directions by the then letropolitan Commissioners of Sewers, designs for intercepting sewers on the south side of the river were prepared by him. The plan now submiiitted for their consideration wouild be foumd to resemble, in its main features, the former scheme. The report then adverted to the plans and suggestions, 11ti in number, sent in to the Conumissioners of eNwers in 1849 on their public invitation, and, after being examined and classified by him. reported on by a committee of that body, consisting of Sir John Bnrgoyne, Cantain Vetch, Mr. J. M. Rendel, Captain H. D. Harness, and Mr. Robert Stephenson. 27 other plans sent in to the late commission, who had expres-sed their willingness to receive further plans and suggestions, had been arranged and classified. It was difiicult to select any one of these as deserving the exclusive attention of the board, but he acknowledged that niany of them bore marks of great thought and labour, and most of them contained some useful information or hint. Almost every suggestion which could be made upon the subject had been now so often repeated in sovne shape or other that it would be difficult to determine who were the first authors of the various schemes and theories propounded. Having had the advantage of access to all, he could not pretend to much originality; his endeavour had been practically to apply suggestions, originating in a large measure with others, to the peculiar wants and features of the different districts with whiich his position had made him familiar. Before entering upon the. detains of the plan of drainage now proposed, it might be well briefly to consider what were the natural features and requirements of the district to be dealt with, and the objects sought to be gained. " Half of the southern area (continued the report) extends along the south bank of the Thames, and the surface of the ground is generally below high-water in the river, varying from its level to six feet below it. This tract is by nature a marsh, which has been reclaimed from the river by artificial embankineats, and is now closely built over and thickly inhabited, forming a large and important portion of the metropols Uany of the houses have basements and cellars belowthe surface, and the sewers which are beneath them are necessarily so low that they can only discharge their contentsintotheriverforabout four hours each tide. The sewers being closed at theiroutlets for the remainingeight hours, become reservoirs of stagnant sewage for 16 hours in every day, and unavoidably accumulate deposit. To maintain a continual and uninternutting flow in the sewers of this lowv district, and to drain the eeUars and subsoil effectuaUv so as to nake them dry and healthy, demand the aid of pumping, the effect of which has been described by Sir W.Cubitt and Ur. Stephenson in their report of the 17th of October, 1853, as being tantamnount to raising the level of the district 20 feet, producing in its sewers a continuous and free discharge, and entirelyovercomingthe natural disadvantages of its situation. "'The remaining portion of the south metropolitan area is at present thinly covered with buildings, which are, however, rapidly increasing as the suburbs of the metro polis extend. The surface of the ground rises gradually froni the level of the low district to an extreme elevation of about 350 feet, and the rain waters which fall upon the high district descend with great rapidity into the sewers of the low district, which, being tide-locked, as already described, and of insufficient capacity to store a large and sudden influx of storm waters, during high water in the river become overcharged, and in such cases the sewage and floods destroys much valuable uroperty. The sudderness and destructiveness of these inutidations increase in proportion to the progress of building and drainage in the upper district. To remedy the evil arising from this cause, it is proposed to intercept the waters of the upper district, so as to prevent their descending into the low district, by forming a high level or catch-water sewer, with a free outlet and a constant discharge by gravitation. T'he risk and expense attending the process of pumping a large body of waterzpouring dowvn suddenly at irregular intervaals, where any interruptions in the process would be productive of great inconvenience and loss, render it expedient to get rid of all the upland waters in the mannerproposed by a high level or catch-water sewer, instead of ailowing them to add to the difficulties, sufficiently formidable in themselves, arising fronm the waters faling upon the low district. the plan nowv proposed the objects sought to be attained are twofold and distinct-first, to provide improved outfalls for the drainage of the entire area; and, secondly, bya system of interception torelieve the Thames from the pollution to which it is now subjected, Some of the sewers proposed are designed to serve the double purpose of drainmg and interception, while others are simply ' intercepting sewers,' and do not of themselves drain tbe district throueh which they pass, but merely supply artifical channels by which- the sewage is diverted from the drainage sewers and carried awvay to a new and less objectionable point of discharge into the river. " ith regard to the point of discharge, I cannot do bettnrthan quote from the reporteof Mr. Stepe bnson and Sir W. Cubitt, dated the Llth of December, 1854, wuerein they give the following brief sumsumary of a series of esperiments made by the late Mr. Frank Forster upon the subject: " 'On the 15th of July, 1851, a float was put into the centre of the riyer, opposite Barking-creek, two hours after high-water. This time was chosen because it wa s found that sew.age discharged into the river two holurs before high-water arrived at about the same point above Barking-creek that sewage discharged two hours after high-water did by the next flood tide. At low-water it reached 114- miles below that point, and returned with the next flood tide to one mile above it, having gone 122 miles that flood, it being then the period of spring tides. " ' As the neaps came on the float continued to work lower down each succeeding high-water, and bv the 24th of July it was 13 miles below Barking-creek at high-vater, having gone down the river 14 miles during the falling off of sprmg tides to neap tides. As the flood again became stronger, it worked up the river each succeeding tide until the 2'th of July, when it again became vithisi five miles below Barkin-creek at high-water, having worked up the river nine miles from high-water neap tides to high-water sprng tides, the excess of the ebbs over the floods being only five miles in 14 days. "' Another experiment was tried at the same place on the 6th of August, 1851, it being then lowest neaps, and a float being put down two hours after high-water, it worked up each succeeding high-water till top springs on the 12th of August, when it reached 64 miles above lGarking-creek at high-water. The float then again worked down the river till the 20th.of Augst, being neaps, when at high-water it reached 91 miles belowBarking-creek, being a distance of 16 miles, during the falling off of spring tides to neap tides. The excess of the ebbs over the floods would, in this case, have been about 7 miles in 14 days. The wind and other causes would vary the result ; but it maybe roughly assumed that a substance in suspension works up the river about one mile a-day each high-water as the sprinas strengthen, and down the river two miles a-day as they fai off. " ' The main object was, of course, to determine how near to London the sewage could be discharged into the river at or near high-water, without finding its way back again to the inhabited parts of the town. The experments proved that it was essentialto go asfar asBarking-creek ; and also as regards the level of discharge they demonstrated that it should take place at or as near high-water as nracticable.' " Now, although it is desirable to fix the pxace of discharge as far below the metropolis as possible, it will be found that a practical limit to it is imposed by the necessity of maintaining.sufficient fall in the sewers to keep them clean, and at the same time of preserv6ing as a safety valve a discharge into the river at low water by gravitation, in case of accident to the pumps, as well as during excessive floods. It must be borne in mind ' that the delivery of the sewage at hi'gh water into the river at any point is eqivalent to its discharge at lowr water at a point 12 miles lower down the river; therefore the construction of 12 miles of sewage is saved by discharging the sewage at high instead of at low water,' "The position selected is Plumstead-marshes, and the period of discharging the sewage into the river would be from two to four hours nearest to high water. " The amount of sewage proposed to be intercepted from the more closely inhabited districts has been estimated upon data which make provision for the increase of future generations. " Thus, where the population as at present existing exceeds 30,000 to the square mile, the actual numbers are estimated for; and where it is less allowance has been nuade for that number, in order to provide for future increase. The supply of water per head has been reckoned at five cubic feet per diem, being on a nore liberal scale than now actuallyf obtained; and of this quantity it is contemplated that one-half will pass away during six hours of the day. " For reasons inore fully set forth in former reports, it is proposed, in the urban districts, to intercept a quarter of an inch of rain in 24 hours, which is at the rate of about 100th part of an inch per hour; any excess beyond that amolnt, falling on occasions of heavy storms, being discharged into the river by the drainage sewers. "With a view to economy by the reduction of the sizes of the sewers, as far as practicable, it is now prorpsed to continue the drainage of all those portions of the suburbs which are not likely to be built upon for many years to come into their natural valley outfails; and where building has already commenced, and is likely to be extended, to provide for an increase of population varying from 10,000 to 20,000 to the square mile, instead of 30,000. It is further proposedfrom the morethinly-peopled suburbs to carry off by the intercepting sewers only one-half of the quantity of rain water for which provision is made in the more crowvded districts, "The sizes of sewers, their inclinations, and their discharging powers, under various conditions, are important considerations in forming a drainage scheme. In the present instance it is a matter of moment to economize the fall so as to reduce the amount of pumping, and, as far as practicable, to preserve safety outlets into the river, and, in order thereto, to adopt the minimum velocity sufficient to keep the sewers free from deposit, the velocity depending upon the fall in the sewers of a given size." After quoting, upon this point, the opinions of Mr. Wickstead, in his report upon the drainage of Licester; Mr. Beardmore, in bk.work on hydraulics; Mr. J. Phillips, in the first report Fte Sanitary Commissioners in 1847 - and Profeesor Xobinson, i his heory of H ikey , 3&r Bazavgette jcontinues- "~ 31r, Etephenson nd 3MI, HlIawkeeley consider a velocity of two miles per hour ample where there is a continual stream, and these opinions are further confirmed by the experience of Mr. Havwood and myself. " 'With reference to the fall requisite to produce this velocity, the calculations universally adoptedby hydraulic experimenters and engineers, and upon which my estimates are based, show that in a sewer 9ft. fin. n diameter, wvith a fall of 2 feet per mile, the mean velocity would be about 2 miles per hour whel running three-quarters full, or 1-83 mile per hour when runming half full, and about j13 mile per hour when running one-third fulL. "But the velocity of a stre3m is governed by the dimensions of its channel. as well as by its rate of fall. Thus, in a sewer 10 feet in diameter, with a fall of two feet per mile, there will he the same mean velocity of stream when running half full as iu a sewer two feet in diameter with a fall of 10 feet per mile. "Where economy of faU is required it is desirable, so far as other considerations wil permit, to graduate the| declivity of the sewers so as to produce a uniform rate of- flow in them, and thus to avoid a waste of fall in one portion of the design and an insufficient velocity in another. " When the proper velocity and the practicable limits which can be assigmed to the faU are ascertained, it is easy to determine the size of the sewer requisite to carry off a constant and defined quantity of sewage in a given time. "On the other hand,, when in dealing with drainage outfalls we have to provide for rains varnable in amount and duration, and where absorption, evaporation, and the time occupied. by the waters in flowing from the points on which they fall over various surfaces and levels to the point of disclarge have to be taken into account, the question is more complicated, and it is inder such conditions that we are indebted to Mr. Hawkeslcy's formule, with respect to which Mr. Stephenson and Sir William Cubitt in their report of the 11th of December, 1854, stated that, I No part of engineering scienus has been more industriously investigate, than the laws that govern the flow of water in pipes and oen channels; and it is, probably, not too much to say that the formulie which represent these laws rank among the most truthful that the professional man possesses. They have been the subject of laborious experimental investigation of the most elaborate character, and their results have been tested by the practical mnan under every variety of conditions, without their truth being impugned in the slightest degree. The principles upon which they are founded have been sanctioned and adopted by Prony, Eytelevein, Du Buat, and others; and it is to them that we are indebted, ina great measure, for the simple practical form which they present. Our own engineers have modified them to suit particular circumstances and given them more extensive sefulness. Mr. Hawkesley, aamong others, has especially contrihuted to render the principles which they embrace applicable ta almost every variety of condition which the complete drainage of large towns involves, and w.e shall have occasion, almost immediately, to adduce some instances within the metropolis, where the facts confirm theoretical deductions in a very remarkable manner, and lead irresistibly to the concusion that they may be implicitly depended on.' " A circular form of sewer has been adopted in this preliminary design in order to facilitate the preparation of the estimates and calculations of discharging power; but it is proposed to execute the sewers of a slightly elliptical form, which is preferable in point of strength, and the alteration will have no appreciable effect upon the estimates or "aving thus briedy touched upon several of the more leading general princioles which govern the design we now proceed to the consideration of the works proposed. I"TIIE HIGH LEVEL SEWER. "Thle high level sewer is designed to act in the double capacity of a drainage and an intercepting sewer; it will ultimately divert thle sewage and a Portion of the rainfall due to 14 square miles, 518 acres, of the upper district from the low level district; conveying them away by gravitation to the level of lo:w water in Plumstead MIarshes; the storm waters alone being suffered to descend into Deptford-creek. Its route varies but little from that of the higlh level sewer designed in 1853. It commences at Claphanacommon at such a level and with such a capacitv as will enable it at some future time to be extended to Tooting and to Battersea-riso. Passing along the High-street and through Stockwell-green, it initercepts the Effra Sewer at the junction of the Brixton and Loughborough roads, and contuinues through fields and garden-ground, and along Cold Harbour-lane to Hligh-street, Camberwell, where it intercepts the Earl sewer. Thence its course is along Love-walk and fields to the Victoria-road, Peckham. At this point it receives the Effra branch, and thence continues eastward, through private ground between the New Cross-road and Nunhead Cemetery, intercepting the Peckham and Peckham-rye branches of the Earl sewer in its route; and pass ing underneath the Brighton and North Rent Railways a New C-ross stations. Thence it proceeds under the Ravens bourne and along the Greenwich-road into the Woolwich ex-tension line near to Deptford Pumping station. It discharges its stormn waters, during heavy rains, by an overflow into Deptford-creek; the effect of which will be on such occasions to flush away the mud and refuse now collected in the creek, and to deepen and improve its channeL " From Dcptford-creek the united streams of the high and low level sewers flow through the extension sewer, by gravitation along the Trafalgar-road, and the Greenwich and Wgoolwich lowver road to Woolwvich. 'Thence under Albion-road, George-street, Church-street, the churchyard and private property to Powis-street, across Beresfordsquare, and along the Plnmstead-road; round the southeast corner of the Royal Arsenal, and in a direct line across Plumstead marshes to a point opposite to Barking-creek, its level there being that of low water at spring tides. The total length of this line of sewer from Clapham to its outfall be about 11 miles 4,170 feet. " IGII LEVEL BRANCH. "This branch commences by a junction with the Effra open sewer at Croxted-lane, near Dulwich, and joins the main level in the Lyndhurst-road, Peckhain, being about two miles 565 feet in length. It affords a deep outfall for Dulwich, whlch is now badly drained and subjected to floods, and it saves the covering of a considerable portion of the Effra sewer, which takes a more circuitous and less advantageous route. " THE LOw LEVEL SEWER. "By the low level sewer provision is made for the interception of thesewage from a district which may eventually be extended over 22 square miles-that is to say, it is capable of being extended to Richmond. This sewer coni: mences at the High-street, Putney, passes along Wandsworth-lane, through Wandsworth, and under the Wandle, into the York-road, through Battersea- fields, along Prioryroad, Lansdowne-road, the Clapham-road and Holland. street to the Brixton-road, intercepting in its course aU the main sewers near the river Thames, aiid being provided with penstocks and storm overflows, by means of which the currents in these sewers wil be placed under command. "At the junction of the Brixton and Vassal roads the Effra will be again intercepted, and its present defective condition in this locality remedied. The lower portion of the Effra will then be reconstructed of a much smaller size than at present, with a faU from the river to the low level sewer, to which it vill act as a storm overflow. " At the junction of the CamberweU and Albany roads the Earl sewer will be intercepted. Thence the main line proceeds to the north side of, and under the Grand Surrey Canal, to the Old Kent-road, where the Peckham branch of the Earl sewer is intercepted. Thence the low level sewer proceeds in a direct line across the fields and market-gardens, under the Brighton and North Kent Railways, to the junction of Giffen-street with High-street, Deptford. Here it receives the north branch, and is provided with an overflow intotheriver at low water. It then proceeds between the gas and vitriol works, near the Greenwich Railway, under Deptford-creek, to the pumping station on the banks of the creek. The total length of this line, from Putney to Deptford, is about nine miles 2,550 feet. "LOW LE-EL, OB BERM3ONDSEYi BRANCH. "This branch commences at St. James's Church, Bermondsey, at which point it forms a connexion with, and supplies an outfall to the Battlebridge, the Earl, the Great St. John, and the DuIfield sewers, and thus completes the interception of the sewage from the low district. It passes through private ground into and along the Deptford Lower, road, under the Grand Surrey Canal, along Evelyn-street and High-street, Deptford, where it di"-harges into the main sewer. "DEPTFORD Pru3P5NG STATioN. " The position selected for the pumping station is a piece of waste land on the east bank ot Deptford-creek, south of the Greenwich Railway, and near the gas and vitriol works, at which point the sewage from the low level sewer is raised to the high level. " The invert of the low level sewer will here be about 20~ feet below that of the high level and the extension sewers, and about 30. feet below Trinity high water mark. Pumps and engines equal to 520 nominal horse power will be required, and it is proposed to provide duplicate engines in cases of accidents and repairs. There will be no reservoirs, and the engines and pumps will be covered so that the sewage will not be exposed, and no inconveniences will arise therefrom. "RESERVOIR Ai)D ENGINES AT PLUnSTEAD seAESHES. "In order, finally, to discharge sewage into the centre and bottom of the river vwithin from two to four hours nearest to high water only, it is proposed to construct upon the banks of the river a covered reservoir capable of containing4,000,000 cubic feet of sewage, to b raisedinto it from the main outfall sewer. The land required for the reservoir, engine-houses, pumps, &c., would be about 15 acres. The lift being about 21 feet, 657 nominal horsepower will be required to -raise the sewage, and it is proposed here to provide duplicate engines as at Deptfordcreek. 'E:GThE-lO'ER. "The total amount of engine-power to be provided will be about Z354 nominal horse-power, and the annual cost of pumping will probably amount to 12,0001. on the average, or about one-third more than the present cost of cleansing the tide-locked district sewers. " The effect produced by the Deptford pumping stLation upon these sewers would be so beneficial as largely to reduce the present annual cost of cleansing them, and thus to dir.iniah this inreased annual expenditure. " The estimated cost of the works herein recommended will be as follows:- High Level Sewer, fromClaphain to Deptford and Branch ... ... .. ... ... ... £0199,226 Extension from Deptford to Plullstead 5... 155,50 Lowv Level Sewer, from Putney to Deptford, and Branch ...a ... ... ... ... ... 209,000 Reservoir and Land for Pumping Stations ... 103,140 :lnagine-houses, Engines, Pumpis, &c.- .... ... 164,780 H ' Total ..3 ... ... .. n1,693 laving given the design now submitted to yon my best consideration, I present this report under a deep sense of the gigantic magnitude and importance of the subject, and fully impressed with a knowledge of the fact, that there isroom for great variety of opinion upon many of the points involved in it.Ioannot, however, butexpress myfua confidence in the soundness of the leading principles which govern the design, confirmed as they are by the experience of other engineers as well as my own; although it is possible thatsome of the detailsmay be advantageously nodfied dWlng the progresu of the works, The execution of tlla design is not free from engineering difficulties in several points, but difficulties of a similar nature have already been successfuUy overcome in tbis-metropolisj and this will proM bably be considered a sufficient guarantee that none will now occur which cannot as readily be. surrmounted." (Cheers.)- Mr. CA PrUEx, at the conclusion of the report, moved that it be received and printed and circulatea among the members of the board, together with the estimates accom'panying it. He added that, when a reasonable time had been allowed to the members to consider the report, he should take an early opportunity of proposing that it be considered in a committee of the whole board. (Hear, hear.) It was not then hisintention to make any remarks upon the report, and probably that would be the best course for members to pursue at present. (Hear, hear.) -Mr. DOULTO-nN, in seconding the motion, expressed a hope that the board would be in a position to discuss the subject matter of the report at the very earliest time. He could not help, as a member representing one of the districts on the south side of the Thames, expressing his gratification on having this important matter brought under their consideratioa at so early a perind; and he thought it furnished the best answer to the taunts made occasionally out of doors. that as yet the borxd had done nothing towards carrying out the objects for which they were called into existence. (Hear, hear.) He hoped it would be taken as an earnest of the decision and promptitude which would characterize their proceedings m reference to the main drainage of the m retropolis. (Hear, hear.) Afterashort conversation, in wvhich Mr. Bristow, Mr.. eslie, Mr. D'Iffsnger, and Mr. H. L. Taylor took part, the motion of Mfr. Carpinsel was unanimously agreed to. ! MBAIIASKENT OF THE THAMES. A letter was read from Mfr. Lionel Gisborne, of Dukestreet, Adelphi, fowarding to the board certain documents connected wvith a plan for improving the state of the Thames by embanking it (as it vas understood) on both sides, betwten Westminster and London bridges; which he was desirous of bringillg under their consideration. The promo'ters of the undertaling, he added, were desirous of seeking powers during the next session of Parliament to carry out their views by means of a private company, should the board not take up the question as a public measure. With that object they sought for a full discussion upon the merits of the undertakingt and an opportunity of e.xplaining to the hoard many matters of detail w,hich the docutments sent did not necessarily embrace. MIr. Wnscan'5 moved that the documents in question be referred to the Committee on Works and Improvements. Mr. H. L. TAyTor said, he did not know what influences mighthave been brought to bear upon the chairman or the engineer in reference to this subject; but he contended that, before the plans of Mr. Gisborne were submitted to the committee, the board ought to know something about them, and about the mode in which they proposed to improve the Thames-of whichthey were then intotal ignorance. (Hear, hear.) The CHAiRtrnA hoped the hon. member (fr. Taylor) would never again apply the term "influence" to him. He (the chairman) had no knowledge of Mr. Gisborne ; he had never seen him but once, and that was when he brought his plans to hiim. Those plans were very important; be (the chairman) did look at them, as he thought it was his duty to do; and he thought the hom member and hon. members generally should be cautious before they inferred that any influence had been brought to bear either upon himself or upon any one of the officers of theboard, iuless they had good grounds for such imputations. (Cheers) He could assure the hen, member that such taunts would not have the slightest influence upon him (the chairman). He had a public duty to discharge, and he would always seek to discharge it conscientiously, and with a sole and single eye to the public weal, undeterred and uninfluenced by any imputation whatever, come from whom it might. (Hear, hear.) Myr. . I L. TAYLOR said, whatever offence he might give to the chairman, or to any individual member, so long as he represented at that hoard the citizens of London he would always make his voice heard among them; but he would not sit there as an inactive member, or feel hinself bound on all occasion; as amatter of course, to accept the suggestion of 1he chairmanor engineeron subjects of importance, of which this w as one. The CsniRaLr,s said, the hon. member could have seen Mr. Gisborne's plans if he had asked to do so. Mr. HE L. TAYLoR said, the primary duty of the board was to see to the proper and effectual drainage of the metropolis - and they ought to be chary, indeed, how they bestowed their time and attention on matters brought under their notice in the way that of Mr. Gisborne's had been, without knowing anything about them. Before sending this particular scheme to a conimittee, it was desirable that it be thoroughly understood and investigated by the board. (Hear, hear.) 3Mr. CARFSMAEL, moved that the application be not entertained in its present fonr, with the view that Mr. Gisborne should bring it under the consideration of the board in the shape of a memorial, in conformity with the rule which the board had adopted in reference to applications or suggestions to the board from persons from without. Mr. Deputy HARRIsoN said, he understood the plan of Mr. Gishorne w as one for embanking the -Thaies on both sides, between Westminster and London bridges. The Government, he understood, had decided that they would not entertain or support that plan, or, indeed, any plan for the improvement of the metropolis wlich had not been first submitted to and approved bv- this board. It wasa therefore, incumbent on the board to examine into the merits of plans for the improvement of this city, come from whom or from what quarter they might, since the Government had thrown on them that additional responsibility. (Hear, hear.) The conception of embanking the Thames wse in the highest degree important and deserving their serious consideration ; and, seeing that the motion of Mr. Wright only sought to refer the plan of Mr. Gisborne to a committee which had been specially constituted for the consideration of such subjects, he should heartily support it. Thle matter underwent some further discussion, and the motion of MIr. Wright was put to the vote and carried. STREET NOAEMNCLATURE. Mr. D'IFFALNGER, pursuant to notice, brought forward a motion having for its object an alteration of the nomenclature of the streets of the metropolis, so that no two streets should be called by the same name. He commended his motion-to the board on a consideration of the manifold inconveniences-especially to the postal service-of the existing system, underwhiclh they had in different parts of the metropolis, in some cases, as many as 50 different streets of the same name. The subject gave rise to a short discussion, and eventually, on the suggestion of Mr. Leslie and Ml. H. L. Taylor, the motion was referred to the Committee of Conference wiith Vestries and District Boards, with power to consult with the authorities at thc General Post-office asto to the most desirble mode of making the proposedalterations. IMPIROV31EMNT OP HOLBO RN-HILL A)D SKINXER-STREET. Mr. T. H. HALL, pursuant to notice, moved:- " That it be referred to the Improvemient Committee to consider and report to this board whether any alteration ought to be made in the level between Holborn-hill and Skinner-street before the corporation commence letting their vacant ground on building leases, it being apparcat from the state of fowardness of MVictoria-street that no time should belostin coming to a decision on this long-needed improvenient." He said, the great necessity for such an alteration had pressed with more than ordinary force upon the consideration of the metropolis generally for many years, and the time had now arrived when it became the bounden duty of a board with duties and functions such as theirs to take the matter up, and, if possible, to remedy the existing evil, occasioning, as it did a serious and continual impediment to the traffic of the metropolis in one of its greatest thoroughfares, and subjectiog horses employed in that traffic to cruelty and danger. Bo adverted to the immense sums of money expended by the corporation in making the new street froni the north end of Farringdon-street towards Clerkenwell, and to the loss sustained by them through their unwillingness to build alone the line of that] street so long as its present level was liabfe to be affected by changes -whichl were sure eventually to be made with the view to lessen the steep declivities of Holborn-hill and I Skinner-street. He appealed to the board to assist him in sending this matter before a committee, on the ground of its i great public urgency. The motion wvas seconded by Mr. COLLMISON, and suported by Mr. Hows, and, after undergoing some criticism from Ir. LESLIE and Mr. HAWEES, was agreed to. THE CASH ACCOUNT. The cash account of the board on the 31st of March last showed a total general balance in favour of the board, at the Bank of England and the Bank of London, of 1G9,444-. 14s. 5d. After the transaction of some business of no public interest the board adiourned.
WVe hear that in all probability Mr. Christian Q.C., vill succeed Mr. Fitzgerald as Solicitor-General for Ireland. We believe that no appointment could be made calculated to give more satisfaction to the rish bar or the public. hr. Christian is no politician, and his promotion is entirely owng to the position which he admittedly occupies as the first Chancery barrister in Ireland.-Olobe. TH:EIE ELOQIseCE or TBDE CrnClSAnS.-The Glasgow Daily .Aail quotes the following as the commencement of a corn circular, issued from Mark-lane on Mondayl"The weather is magnificent. The Tower guns have boomed forth the happy news of glorious peace, and, thauks he to God, the horny-handed labourer may again go forth to reproductive labour. We had sharp frost again this morning, hut cold in MTarch is no detriment, solon,g as it be dry, and a more dusty March has seldom been known. We hear no well-grrounded complaints of the young wheat;* thenr long voraciou.s roots must havre struck deep dowvn, and with refreshing showers by-and-by wil, it is to be hoped, promise the farnner a noble produce." 1 LAT Joiw S&DLEzR.-At an inquest held on Thursday by Mr. Wakley that gentleman, in allusion to some speculation started in a Dublin newspaper respecting the possibility of Mr. Sadleir beinpg still in existence, said that he (Mr. Wakley) was well acquainted with the deceased, of whom at the inquest he had made a minute examination, even to the opening of his lps and eyelids. So far from the features being " changed," the deceased appeared as though he were in a quiet sleep. The surmises which had been indulged in had therefore nothing solid for their foundation. BRISTOL SuoJAR-31ARyET, April 4.-The demand from both grocers andrefinersis good, about 1,100 hogsheads of Westlndiahavi'gbeensoldatls.percwt.advance, andmore business might have been. done had importers been inclined tosell Themarketn ay be consideredin amorc healthy statethanfor-along time 'pstj-*6dtwoout of the three Fuzgar-houses have 'resumedl -their ordinary manifacture. Refined goods in fair demand at full prices. CRYSTAL P.ALACE.-OSE S=1LIG DAY, April 4.-Admissions on payiefii, 1;206; ditto by season tickets, 318; total visitors, 1,524. -: [Advertisement.]-" Homncaopathic Domestic Physician," by)rs. Pulte andEpps. The partbn Accidents bybr.. G. .Ep aur geon. New edition. Svo6.616pages,7s. daptedtof&iies,teler, aulemigrant& A medicine chest o accompany this copious work, 70s. * Domrestic Homccopatby," by John Epps. M.D., 5th editon 3. 6d. A case of mediciner, 42o. Haudboo,k os Ho ncopatbi oThctiee, by Walter Relly, bB., 136 page. 2s. A Case o medicines. 32 L lom pathist'd Pocket Companion." 60 piges. is. A case of medicine 1:h, 18a: or 2is. Carriage free on receipt'of po-ofice order. James Epzs,, 170, PFiocadili: 11 4pre%t vest, djovmsbvq; 1 W, QiG rWreet, City.
PARLAMBNTABY hrTE-LLIGBNCE. HOUSE OF LOItS, FRIDAY, API 4. The Earl of DERBY presented petitions frora prishes in Iancashire and Northumberland against the abolition of church-rates. Lord REDESDALE presented petitions from Long-Sutton, Bath, and other places in Somersetshire, against the abolition of church-rates. Lord LEIGH presented apetition from the inhabitants of Snitterfield, in Warwicek=bre, aginst the opening of the Crystal Palace, Musenm, and Wational Gallery on the Lord's-day, and another from the same place against the abolition of church-rates. The Oat-Pensioners (Greenwich and Chelsea) Bill passed through committee. AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS BILL. On the questionthat the Hlouse resolve into committee on this bill, The Earl of DERBY said that, before the HouFe resolved into committee, he wished to call the attention of the noble lord opposite to one or two points connected with the bilL On the second reading he (Lord Derby) had expressed a general concurrence in the objects contemplated by the bill; but at the same time he had intimated some doubts whether the proposed machinerywas well calculated to carry those objects into effect. (Hear, hear.) Since that period he hadhad many communications from various quarters, and the result had tended to confinr that impression; and though heceruinlyhadreceivedfro3nsomeoftheagriculturaldistricts remonstrancesagainst the whole form and frame of the bill yet he could not say that the reasoning by which they were supported had convinced him that the bill, if carried out would not be of eminent benefit to the agriculturists of the country. (Hear, hear.) At the same time some of the objections taken to the measure were very much in accordance with those which he had submitted to tht-ir lordships The first objection taken to the machinery of the bill had reference to the employment in any way of boards of Poor law guardians. (Hear, hear.) He thought that thos: boards were utterly unfitted for the discharge of the duties proposed to be imposed on them,-duties which were uncon nected with those functions properly belonging to themn, and to which thev ought to be confined. (Hear, hear.) As there existed in some parts of the country considerable prejudices against the 'bill on the part of the occupiers of land, it would be desirable to conciliate that class to the measure by removing, if possible, any objections which they might entertain, arid he was quite certain that nobody could be employed to collect the required information who would be so generally unsatisfactory to the farmers and occupiers of land as the Poor Law Boards of Guardians. Great objection was supposed to be entertained to the publicity of the private concerns of individual farmers The apprehensions on that score might or might not be exaggerated, but, as far as it did exist, the boards of guardians, consisting of the magistrates and certain farmers in each neighboRrhood, were precisely the persons from whom the framers generally would be desirous of withholding the information. - He did not see the necessity for the intervention of these boards of guardians at all; and, asthe object in view was one of publicconcern, itseemed right that it should be effected by the imnmediate instra mentality of the Government through the Board of Trade The means by which the desired information might be obtained most efficiently and with the least objecbion to the farmer would be by the agency of the respective courts of petty sessions scattered through the country, which would have great facilities, by communications with overseers and others in obtaining information with respect to local circumstances. Then, the period fixed for making the returns apprd to betoo early. Two classes of returns were required by the bill, and sufficient distinction was not drawn between them. The bill proposedto call for a return of facts, to be furnished by the farmers, and also for an estimate, to be furnished by other parties at some different period. With respect to the returns of the fact as to the cultivation of land, he thought the period fixed, the 1st of June, too early. By that period the turnip sowing had barely commenced, and he, therefore, could not properly make a return with respect to his turnip land on thelst of June, and if then called on to return his crop he must return the turnip land as bare or fallov. Consequently a very fallacious return of the amount of turnips available for food in the year would be obtained. He thought that the 1st of July would be quite early enough for the informationrequired. Again, he did not see any provision made for information to be given back to the armer. If each farmer furnished inforanation in his individual case, he ought as soon as possible to be put in possession of the information with respect to the whole of the country; but on this point there was no provision, except one, to the effect that the returns were to be published in such form and manner as the Board of Trade should think proper; but, whether they were to be published in August, when they would be useful to the farmer, or in November or December, when the information would be comparatively useless to the farmer, was not stated. The small farmer thrashed out his corn early, and, unless he had the information he wanted before October, lee would not have the fnU advantage of the returns or know whether it was his interest to thlash out his corn. With regard to the estimate, he had great doubt whether one would be got at all approximating to the actual amnunt; but, at all events, he was of opinion that the two sets of returns ought to be kept separate. (Lord Stanley of Alderley here made some observation. The noble lord said that was intended to be done, but he did not find that stated inthe 4th clause. He thought that they had not sufficient infonmation as to the best means of obtaining the estimates, so as to legislate specificly vith respect to them, and he was quite sure that the Poor Law guardians were not the best parties to select the persons to make the estimates; and, if estimates were to be made, the Government, in order to get them, should follow the conrse taken by the specu ators in corn, and send out persons invested with their authority, on whose ability and judgment they could rely, to examiue as far as possible into the circumstances and to report thereon. He was sure, with respect to estimates of value, no reliaunc could be placed on persons employed by the Poor Law guardians. By the bill the guardians were to employ persons to make the returns, and to forni a scale of allowances, to be confirmed by the Treasury; and after the persons had been eaiployed and the labour was done, then, for the first time, the parties were to learnwhat remuneration they were to receive. If that were the case, the boards of guardians would take no trouble in employin- efficient persons. According to his view, the Board of Trde ought, in the first instance, to send at an early period of the year instructions to the various magistrates sitting in the different petty sessions, calling for a return of the desired facts from each district. With regard to the schedule, he thought it capable of great reduction in the amount of columns (hear, hear) ; and that instead of having separate columns for turnips, mangold, carrots, &c., aU that class of information might be put in one column. In the same way, the returns respectmg cows, calves, &c., might be collected in fewer colurmns, and yet all the information practically useful in respect to the food of the country forman andbeast would be obtained. The petty sessions, coummunicating with the overseers, would receive returs from each occupier of land within their respective districts, and would send to the Board of Tx-ade an abstract of those returns, which abstract would furnish the necessaryinfornationin gross, withoutthenecessity of the publication of the return of each individuaL It might be said that the farmers would be nwilin to exhibit to the magistrates a return of the of the of the produce of their farms, as some of the magistrates would probably be their landlords. But admitting that this objection existed, there could be no ground for it, because the return furnished by the farmer would give the landiord no more information than he could obtain from his steward or with' his own eyes at any moment he pleased. The magistrates having obtained the returns would classify them, concealiug even the circumstances stated by each individual, and only publishing the fact that in certain districts there were so many crops of a certain description. Provision should also be made, not only for having the returns publishedby the Board of Trade within a limited time after they had been received, but also for havingthe substance of the infornation obtained from them sent back to the different districts, in order that the result of the whole investigation might be made known as soon as possible to each individual occupier. It was also of importance that these returns should e accompanied by comparative statements with regard to the preceding year, in order to enable the farmers to judge ton certain extent of their prosp?ects. Although they would not be able to obtain perfect information, the information that they would obtain must be beneficial, and he could not conceive how it could be productive of the slightest injury. The object was, therefore, to introduce these returns, in the first instance, in that manner which would be the least revolting to the feelings of the occupiers, in order to induce them to give their cordial co-operation to the object they had in view. He had not given notice of any amendments, but, if their lordships agreed with the opinions he had expressed, be was prepared in committee to pro~pose the alterations necessary for the purpose of substituting the machinerg he had recommended for that whch had been proposed lyg the Government. Lord STANLEY of AIDERLEBY understood the noble earl to approve the principle of the bill, but to suggest certain alterations in its details. - He would shortly state the reasons which induced him to prefer the machinery pro-. vided by the bill to that suggested by the noble earL In the firsb place, they had availed themselves of the Poor Law machinery for the last two years in the counties of York and Norfolk with complete success, a very small percentage of occupiers in those counties having abstained from maling returns. In the next place, that machinery provided them with a central body in London-the Poor La'w Board, composed of most efficient gentlemen, who were in direct communication with every parish in the country, and who had the best means of knowing the most proper persons to ema ploy iu order to obtain the information they required. The Poor Law Board would not be fettered as to the means by which they obtained infornation, and if the boards of gnardia,iis were unwilling to furnish it they were empowered to obtain it from other persons. But he had no doubt that in 92 cases out of 100 there wonld be no reluctance on the part of the boards of guardians to lend their assistance towards carrying out the objeet of the bill. Another advantage was that in all the agriculturl districts the boards of guardians were composed of the principal, and generally of the miost intelligent farmers in each parish. Theytwould meet together, and having communicated with the clerk of the union would proceed to distribute the papers and collect information. He did not think that any other machinery wQldba atihvue winth as auy dtagess ti ad he would point outsoae of the inconveniences of themachinery suggested by the-noble earl. Therewasnodirectoommuniav tionbetweenanydepartmentoftheGovernmentandtheclee.s oftheettysessions, and he was not sure that they would bs much isposed to carry out the arrangements necessary for obtaining information ; at any 2ate, it could not be obtained' from them without additional e3pense. Again, if ther were any unwillingness on the part of the farmers to make thesetumrs to their landlords, surely that unwilingness would be increased if the returns were to be Eent to the magistrates, almost all of whom were landlords, instead of the clerk of the union. The same advantages which the noble earl anticipated from the transmission of the returns to the derk of the magitrates would be obtained by their transmission to the clerk of the union, and by him to the PoorI4aw Board. l many instances, indeed, the clerk of the union andthe clerk of the magistrates wasthe same person. The noble earl thought that the 1st of June was too early a period for thereturn of the fitt schedule. But it was desirable to hae-e thereturn as early as possible, for, otherwise, no galcultiosa could be made npon it in time to be of any service to tbecountry. The .', of July had been found to be toolale but, if the 1st of June appeared to their lordshipto be too early, he wonld have no objection to substitute the 15th- of June, or even a later day. - He was anxious to have the returns of grain crops made not later than the beginning of August. 'The noble earl said that no -definite period had been named in which these returns were to be published, but thatwas a matter of detall ; and it might be- considered hereafter whether the remlt shoulld be laid before Parliament or published in the ordinary channels of public information. The estimate5of tbe actual produce must no doubt be only conjectural and approxiniative; but in Scotland the returns made of the crop6 were, upon the whole, a fair and accurate representation of the crops of that country. In each district of that countryr a portion of the crop was thrashed o-ut, measured and weighed, and an average was struck, which was accepted as a return of the average of the whole district. This afforded a fair representation of the produce, and something of this kind was Proposed to be adopted in this country. The Poor ILw Board, if Parliament should intrust the duty to that body, would direct the clerks of unions to communicate with some of the principal farmers of the district, whop would -make some actualexperimnents of the produce of the union orthedistrict.orthetwo orthreeparishesiniquestion. This would give reliable information whether the crop WaiS an average crop or above or belowan average in that distric't. It would be impossible to obtain this information until November, because it would be valueless until the harvest was housed. Until the grain was thrashed it could not be known whether it was light or heavy, and the returns must be falladous and almost useless. The noble earl said that the second portion of the schedule was too diffuse and too. much encumbered with details. To the oolumns relatinto grain the noble earl had no objection, but he did not approve the details relating to the green cros, and the niunerous items into which they were divided. Ad he wa6 not sure that it would be agreater convenience to the faTmerif he had to lump all his green crops together, than if heentered so mamy acres of turnips, mangold-wurzel, carrots, &c., separately. He would have to put these figares toge- ther, and to add them up, and it would be just as easy toenter these figures under the heads provided for them. There many advantages derivable fromn the sepmate entries of the schedule, and, if he were correct in saying tat; the additional information would not inpose additional trouble upon the farmer, it would be desimble to obtain it. With regard to the expenses incurred, the Board of Trade would specify the sums, and the payments that woula be allowed would be settled beforehand. Lord BERNERS said, that to secure accuracy in the returns it would be necessary to conciliate the farmers. If there were any prejudices on the part of the tenantry against maldng these returns, it would be their lordseips duty to allay them. So far as he knew, the farmers did not; object to the return, but only feared that it might be usedl against them. It would be easy to show -that the returns were for the general good, and would afford a basis on whiclh to regulate the operations of the grower, and the names need not be published, or even known out of the farmers' own parish. The farms might be indicated by numbers in the rate-book, which would be sufficient without the namues. The names might be 'written on the front sheet oE the return, which might be torn offby the collector and signed by him. The collectors might be parish officers ap pointed at the vestry, or the vestry might, if they pleased, give their own estimate as to the average produce of the harvest. What was required was not the return of the individual, but the returns of the district and the k-ingdom. He thought the month of June was too early for obtainingaccurate returns, and that valuable information would probably be afforded to speculators, without advamtage to the small farmers. Observations had been made on the difficulty of getting these returns filed up, but he ventured to assert that during the last 20 years no class of men had advanced' so much in education and intelligence as the British farmern. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion the noble lord said it was his intention to propose soine amendments to the bill in com- ruittee. The Earl of HARD WICKE believed, that, looking at the, maehinery to be used, they would obtain very little more knowledge than they already possessed, and that practically the measure would faiL If really good statistics could be obtained, they all agreed such information would be. very valuable; but, if the information were untrue, thbe disseminating it would do more harm than good. (Hear, hear.) He should like to know how correcV knowledge of the yield of wheat was to be obtained. -DiRtrits discontented with the bill would not thiash. If the small farmerswere obliged to thrash at all, they would thrash barley and reserve wheat. Theymightobtain an estimate of the quantity of barley, but not of the quantity of wheat; and, even if succssful in obtaining the latter estimate, itwouldbe too latetobe of service to any except the farmers with large capital, who could reserve the. sale of their wheat. Did the noble lord propose to authorizre some one connected with the Poor Law Board to enter upon. farms and thrash out a sack of wheat so as to ascertain the average yield? Lord STANLEY of ALDERLEY said, there was nDO suCh power in the bill. The Earl of RARDWICKE.-Then the bill was so much waste paper. There were so many difficulties in the way that he very much doubted whether the result would compensate for the irtitation which the bill would excite. The noble lord (Stanleyof Alderley) had more than once expressed his opino that thePoorLawrdias were-the best personsto collect the information; and yet he understood the noble lord to say now that the duty of collecting the information was to be left to the clerkzs of the different unions. He wished to know whether the guardians would have any knowledge of the information so collected9 Be agrce with the remark which had been made respecting the schedules, that they were unnecessarily numerous, an;d that a more simple arramgement would he more likely to be effective. In conclusion, he could only reiterate his opinion, that great difficulty would be experienced in obtaininn any; better statements than we had at present. Earl GREY believed all were agreed upon the great importanceof obtaining, if possible, accurate agricultura statistics. That.being so, he thought the wisest course for the House to pursue would be to pass the present bill for he. felt confident the Government would exercise the powers it would confer upon them in a manner most likely to lead. to the resut which all desired. No doubt it was difficult to foresee exactly how the proposed plan wonld really work; but the same remarki would apply to any new minasure upon any subject. It appeared to him that the plan proposed by the Government was, upon the whole, the best. that could be devised. The plan of endeavoraing to obtain agricultural statistics through the Poor LawBoard had been already tried, and in two counties with considerable success. It had failed in others from a reluctance on the part of farmers to give that. information which at present there was no power to demand. It was the opinion of the Government that if it were made obligatory upon farmers to furnish certain facts there would be no difficult in obtaining them. That he believed to bc the proper course to pursue, and would be acting upon the principle already applied, adopting the same machinery which had been successfully employed, but supplhir.g the: want of power vhich had induced a failure of success in some counties. The Government had also the benefit of the experience in Scotland, where satisfactory returns had becn obtained. The President of the Board of Trade had truly said that the Poor Law Board, being already in ofiicial communication -with every union in the country, enjoyed facilities for transacting this business which no other department would possess, and therefore it was advisable in the first instance at least, to employ that agency. lIe might, perhaps have felt inclined to suggest some other machinery, but, the scheme having b^en already tried. through the Poor Law Board with some succss lie, thought it most prudent at present to persevere in that course. There could be no doubt that as the Government intendel to obtain from Parliament the means of paying for ccll'ecting the information wVhich it desired, there wvould be no difficulty in procuring it. (Hear.) It was said that only a mere return of the acreage of arable land would bs obtained, but even that would be getting a good deal. Te bil contained no power to compel farmers to thrash out their coim, but it had been found in Scotland that through voln ntar agency a very fair estimate of the average produce in eaet county could be obtained. It wa2s true that such e'tio-,ates could be framed now, and were actually obtained by speculators for their own -guidance and benefit; bu tspEezli..1rs ke*pt that information to themselves, while the Government would publish it to the whole 'world, fortheoAdvantage of the farmers as well as of others. (Hear.) But then. it had been said such information would come too late, that farmers sold generally at an early period, and that Etatistics published in the middle of November would be of no benefit to them. In reply to that observation, he wonld ;ay, in the first place, that, however desirable an earlier publication of returns might be, it was simply impossible. Hle w bld also state his opinion that itwas unadvisable for farmers to ccinbine the two separate trades of corn dealers anid prodaccers. He knew himaself of tw.o agriculturists in Nortiunaberland who had realized large fortunes, and who had always atctedl upon the rule of selling their produce directly it was readr at the market p rice of the day, and tat pla.n they had' found more profiable inthe end than any atte.'npt at combining the ursuits of prodcersand dealers would tiavbeen. But did itollowthat accurate statistics publishld so late would be of no vnilue to the farmer9 If there were not such statistics the large speculators were able to creia!e false iInpressions as to the prosqpeets of the country, -nd to knock doin the marketsatthetime when thefarmer would be obliged to sell, and thus' operate to the disadvatage alike of thefarmerandtheconsumer. Itwasforthe intercetboth of the fanmer andof the consumer tbatthe real state of the corntry should be known, whichwould placc all dealers poer the samefooting, and, iii the long rnn, tend to equalize pfices As far-as they couldbe equalized. Forthose reasGos he thoughG the-House would act injudiciously if it attempter to oake' Any serious alterations in the bill now beforc'iLt The 1AII ertainlydidgivealarge discretionary power to the C:e verinent, but he believed that it could have n.o inte.rk adverse to the agriculturists, nd he -was of opinion it wov Ibe best 'to leve to the Go rnm ant the responsibili t
HOUSE OF CO1isONS, FRIDAY, AIRL 4. The SPErAxtn took the chair shortly before 4 o'clock. PRIVATE BUSINESS. The followsing bills were read a third time and passed*Doddington Rectory Division Bill, Lancaster Gas Bill, Lincoln Water Bill, llilford Junction Railway Bill, Weymonth and Melcombe Regis Gas Bill. Petitions were presented by Dr. MioCsELL, from a meeting held in Westminster on the 27th of March, against the Compulsory Vaccination BEim; by 3rr. BELL (2), from Graduates of the University of London, for an alteration in 31r. Headlam's Medical Bill ; and from Darking, Maryport, and Caldervale, against church-rates; by Colonel FREEsvTx, from the miedical and surgical practitioners residing in parishes situated in the Weymouth Union, against the fees proposed to be paid for vaccination; by Mr. GinsoN, from the Manchester Medico-Fthical Association, for the insertion of a clauso in the Medical Profession Bill, for the summary conviction of unqualified practitioners before a magistrate; by Colonel DuxcossiBE, from medical practitioners residing at Helihsley and Kirby-Moorside, in the county of York, in favour of the Medical Bill - also from Lythe, in the county of York, against the abolition of church-rates without an equivalent; by Lord GODERICi (2), from Huddersfield, against any Education Bill; (1) from Huddersfield, in favour of the Oath of Abjuration Abolition Bill; and (1) from Huddersfield, for the abolition of all temporal provision for religious teaching and worship in Ireland; by Mlr. MILLIG &N, from Salem Independent Cbapel, Eccleshill, Yorkshire, against the interference of the Government wvith the education of the people; by r. CROSSLF.x. from themembersof Providence Chapel Ormdon. against Government interference wtith edu-cation; by Mr. GRFES.AvLI, from the mayor, aldermien, and burgesses of W arrington. in favour of the Wills' Administration. &c. Bill; by Mr. STnRLI.,, from the kirk session of of Crieff, for the better regulation of unlicensed brokers; by MIr. BROTHERTON, from the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of Salford, in favour of the TestamentaUry Jurisdiction Bill; and from James Laurence Ward, of Leeds and Salford, surgeon, against the Medical BiE; by Mr. L KiNG, from Kingston-on-Thames and from Croydon, praying for an alteration in the lawv of succession to real fstate in cases of intestacy; by AMr. BscAssroN, from medical practitioners in Chelmsford and neighbourhood, for alteration in the Medical Bill ; from the clergy of the rural deanery of Maldon, and of the deanery of Danbury, Essex against the present mode of assessing the tithe rent-charge; fronithe inhabitants of Stock and Buttsbury, in Essex, Ramsden Bell-house, and from the inhabitants of Great Warley, in Essex, a,gainst the abolition of church-rates without an equivalent; by Mr. FOLEY, from lessees under the church of Shipston-on-Stour, and several other places in the neighbourhood, against the Episcopal and Capitular Estates Bill; by 3Mr. W. WILLIAMS, from the dealers and consumers of haynnd straw in the metropolis, complaining of the gross frauds in the hay trde; by Mr. CHEETILAr, from vworkmen in the employment of John Pickup, Howorth and Brothers, George Benson and Co., Henry Duck-wortl, Joseph E,ccles, R. Heyworth and Co.. James Heywortb, G. and S. Sidebotham, James Hal and Son, Lees and Knott, R. Smith and Brothers, Thomas TattersaDl, J. S. Grimshaw, T. Marquis and Brothers, Thomas Baxter and Co., James Farrer and Brothers, Richard Marsh, Hilton, Thornton, and Co., J. and AV. Roberts, and R. H. Buckley, in favour of the Factory Bill; from Peter Brown. against the Vaccination Bill; and from Wesleyan Methodists of Barton-onIrwell, of Davyhuhne and Flixton, of Eccles, and of Great Bridgewater chapel, Manchester; and from the congregation. of Baptist chapel, Oldham, against opening the Crvstal Palace and other places of amusement on Sunday; by' Mr. WITLCOX. from the guardians of the poor, Southampton, against the amended Police Bill; by Mr. KsURD from the merchants and others of the city of Perth, in favour of decimal coinage; by Mr. L. DAVIES, from the inhabitants of the parish of Llandefriog, in the county of Cardigan, against the removal of St. David's College from Lampeter to Brecon; by Mr. CsrruFunRD, from harbour trustees, Irvine, N.B.- and from householders and inhabitants, Irvine, for tne regulation of unlicensed brokers in Scotland; by Mr. ALEXmaDER HASTIE (20), from Glasgow and neighbourhood, praying for a bill to regulate unlicensed brokers and dealers in second-hand goods; from the Greenockr Spinning Company, Mitchell and Whytlaw, John Robertson and Co., Lancefield Spinning Company, John Liddell and Co., William Swvanston and Sons, Andrew P. Reid, Gavan Wfalker. and Andrew Kirk, all of Glasgow, in favour of the amendment of the Factory Act: and by M. DEASY-, from the grandjury of the county of Cork, complaining of certain provisions in the Prisons (Ireland) Bill; from the inhabitants of Charleville, in the county of Cork, praying for an adequate measure of tenant-right; and similar petition, with 379 signatures, from the parishes of Kilcoe and Aughadoun, county of Cork. NEW WRIT. Colonel BOLDERO moved that a new writ should issue for the borough of Chippenham in the room of Mr. NIELD, deceased. THE WAR OFIICE. Mr. H. BAILILIE asked the right hon. baronet the First Commissioner of Works whether it was the intention of Government to erect a new War-office in Pall-maJI ? Sir B. HALL replied that a short time ago he received a communication fromthe War Department, stating that they desired to have a new building erected in Pall-mall, on the site of the present ucklingham-house and some houses between that mansion and the Ordnance-office. Reinenibering what occurred in the house last year, he thought it better to write to the Treasury upon the matter, and, as it showed his vievs upon the subject, which had been sane. tioned by the Government, he would read an extract from his letter. In that letter he said:- "1 desire, however, to call your lordships' attention to the following fact. When a vote was proposed last year of 90,0001. for new public offices in Downing-street the House was of opinion that it would be desirable to have a much larger plan for new offices than that which was then proposed, and that all the public departments should be concentrated as much as possible, and instead of voting 90,0001. the amount was reduced to 40,000L., on the understanding that 30,000l. should be expended in the purchase of the site then proposed to be taken, and 10,0001. in such repairs as were absolutely necessary in the existing offices, which were considered to be in a very bad condition. I am quite prepared to lay before Parliament a plan for taking all the ground which lies between Downing-street on the north and Great George-street on the south, and Parliament-street on the east and St. James's Park on the west, if your lordships should approvc my so doing. But this ground can only bel obtained in the usual %vay-by notices given in the autumn, and a bill in the house in the spring." [The letter then suggested for the consideration of their lordships whether the wants of the War Department were urgent, or might stand over until this concentration of offices could be carried out. In case of the wants being urgent, the right hon. baronet suggested the propriety of obtaining a surrender of the lease of Montague-house and its grounds from the Duke of Buccleuch ; and he concluded his letter with an expression of his opinion that the proposed site in Pall-mall was too contracted, and that it was most desirable to concentrate all the departments as much as possible in one part of the metropolis, which should not be far from the Houses of Parliament.] The course which he was now prepared to take was in a short time to move for a select committee to consider the expediency of obtaining a site for the concentration of the public offices in the neighbourhood of Downing-street. If the committee should recommend and the House should sanction such a plan, he should then be prepared to give notice in the autumn for the purpose of acquing the property by means of an act of Parliament. He should further propose that, as the buildings to be erected would be of a national charcter, the competition for their design should be thrown open to the architects not only of England but of the whole world, in order that we might at last have some building worthyof the metropolis. (Hear, hear.) OXFORD UNIVERSITY. In reply to Sir J. PAKIN, GTON, Sir G. GREY said, lie had not received any intimation of the presentation to the University Commission of a memorial from certain residents of the University of Oxford on the subject of a proposed alteration in those provisions of the statutes which related to pecuniary considerations in the election of felows. But at a preliminary meeting of the Privy Council, held last Wednesday, arrangements were made which would enable persons who objected to the provisions in question to appear before the committee and explain their views. Should any memorial arrive from the unversity it would of course receive attentive consideration. INDIAN CURRENCY. In reply tojlr. GREGSON, Mr. V. SMITH observed that a memorial had been received from the inhabitants of Singapore, praying that the dolar currency might be continued there, mstead of substituting the Company's nipee. The Court of Directos had sent out instructions to watch the effect upon commerce of the present system of currency, with a view to its alteration in case it should be found to cause inconvenience to mer. chants. ST. DAVIDYS COLLEGE. In reply to Mr. L~ DAVIES, Sir G. GREY observed that the Government did not contemplate the introduction of a bill to repeal that clause in an act of the 16th and 17th of Victoria authorizing the removal of St. David's College from Lampeter to Breceon. Various memorials against the apprehended removal had been sent to the Privy Council-office; but no scheme for such a proceeding had been transmitted to that office, northough a proposition had been made upon the subject to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners-had any decision, been as yet arrived at. (Hear.) POOR REMIOVAL (SCOTLAND). In reply to Mr. Du.NLop, The LORD-ADVOCATE stated that the Government proposes to introduce a bill for Scotland, founded on the report of the Poor Removal Committee of last session, and analogous to that brought in for England by the chairman of the Poor Law Board. THE BOARD OF AUDIT. lMr. BOWYER gave notice that on the next night of Supply he should call the attention of the House to the constitution of the Board of Auidit, and to the defects of the law regarding the audit of public accounts. THF CASE OF SUSANNARE EVANS. On the motion for the adjournment of the House, on its rising, till.5fonday, . Mr. HILDYARD rose toaxkthe First Lord of the Treasury whether the attention of the Government had been directed to the ease of Susannah Evans, a girl of 16 years of age, conveyed to Hlamburg for the purose -of prostitution, and whether, in consequence of the disclosures elicited in the investigation of that case before Sir R. Carder, any correspondence had taken :place between the Foreign Secretary and Colonel HoA7dge;sthe Britih conu at Hab rg? The hon. member, having observed that great creditwas due to Sir R. Carden for the zeal and promptitude he had displayed in connexion with this disgraceful transaction, proceeded to remark that it was with no desire to embarrass the Government that he had himself resolved to call the attention of the Houise to proceedings which, howvever painful and disreputable, were surrounded with such embarrassments as rendered it difficult to apply a remedy. It appeared that the municipal authorities of Hamburg had taken prostitution under their especial control, and derived no inconsiderable revenue from it, it being the practice to compel every unhappy bein who entered upon that wretched call. of that city a sum equivalent ea-year. On this proceeding he w ould not animadvert further than to.say that if a State thoughtproperto take so abominable atrafficunderitssupervi- in, and to levy a taxfrom such a source, other Governments had a right to demand that such police regulations shor'4d he adopted as w ould secure the impossibility of a younr and innocent foreigner, such as this girl appeared to be bein consigned against her will to the miserable ind (le grading position to which the wretches whn/ had attempted to decoy her desired that slhe shoul",be reduced It appeared that the woman bywvhomthe gir-wastrepanned was well known not only to the captain and crew of the Hamburg steamer, but to the police of ',bis country; and it was most desirable that the law of tAe land should be invoked to impedeand, if possible, wh:olly to suppress a traffic so discreditable to a Christian cto,nimunity. The hon. member concluded by putting his v';,estion. Sir G. GREY said that lds attention had been called to the circumstauces of this disgraceful case by the publicity which had' been given to them. A despatch had been received from Colonel Hodges, Her Majesty's consiul at Hambu,s, addressed to the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and giving an account of the steps taken by the writer in reference to this case, and also to other cases of a similar nature, although not equally aggravated in their details, whichhadcome under his notice. From the statements made in that communication it would appear that an extensive traffic of the revolting character alluded to by the hon. gentleman was carried on between the ports of Hull and London and Hamburg; and, the despatchof Colonel Hodges having been transmitted to him (Sir G. Grey) officially, in order that he might institute an inquiry into the circumstances to which it referred, he had sinco placed himself in communication with the Mayor of Hull, the Lord Mayor of London, and the police authorities of the metropolis, with a view to the adoption of effectual measures to check these disreputable proceedings in future. (Hear.) METROPOLIS LOCAL MANAGEMENT ACT. Mr. W. WILLIAMS asked the President of the Board of Works (in the absence of the Attorney-General) whether the Governuient intended to proceed with the bill to amend the Metropolis Local Management Act; -and, if such were not their intention, he called on the right hon. baronet to explain what means he proposed to adopt to remove the most anomalous and higliy inconvenient state of things caused in the metropolitan parishes by the conflicting opinions prevalent among eminent lawyers as to the proper construction of the act of last session in regard to the election of parochial officers. Sir B. HALL replied that it was not the intention of the Attorney-General to proceed with the hill for the amendment of the Mietropolis Local Management Act, neither did he (Sir B. Hall) intend to adopt any measures in order to remove the difficulties which had arisen in consequence of the conflicting opinions entertained with regard to the operation of that act. He knew that a difference of opinion existed among lawyers as to the construction of the act, and he recommended that some parishes should agree to the institution of an amicable suit, and thus obtain the opinion of the judges on the subjiect. After such a decision had been obtained it might be deemed advisable to introduce a measure declaratory of the law. Mr. T. DUNCOMIBE observed that the object of the bill. whicb, in the first instance, had been hurried forward with the utmost precipitation, but which they were now told the Attorney-General intended to abandon, was avowedly to prevent litigation, but the right hon. baronet (Sir B. Hall) now appeared as the advocate of litigation, and recommended parishes to appeal to the Queen's Bench in order to ascertain how the law was to be construed. There were in the metropolis some eight or 10 parishes possessing ancient privileges which they highly valued, and which they were not prepared to sacrifice without resistance, and among these parishes were three in the borough he represented-namnely, St. James's Clerkenwell, St. Luke's, and Stoke Newington. He had therefore given notice that, on the motion for going into committee on the bill, he would move that it be referred te a select committee, in order that inquiry might be made into the ancient and valued rights of certainparishes relating to the affairs of the church and the management of the poor, with the view of ascertainingwhether th ose rights were interfered with or not by the Metropolis Local Management Act. Hle must say he thought that act had been passed under false pretences, for the House had been assured by the right hon. baronet (Sir B. Hall) that the select vestries would be aprointed merely for sanitary purposes. In the pariah of SN. Luke the annual parochial expenditure was above 40,0001.; and in the parish of St. James there were 6,000 ratepayers, who not only elected their own officers and managed the affairs of the poor, but who also appointed the rector of the parish. Were these powers, then, to be taken out of tlme hands of the ratepayers, and vested in some 30 or 40 gentlemen? He remembered the right hon. baronet said, when the act was under discussion, that it was not intended to interfere with questions relating to the church or to the poor, and that the object of the measure was to carry out certain sanitary schemes; but now the right hon. gentleman turned round and said to the parishes, "You may go to law if you like." If he (Mr. Duncombe) had been aware of the real nature of the measure, which was most deservedly unpopular, he would have given it all the opposition in his power. He hoped the Attorney-General did not mean to abandon his biU for amending the Local Management Act, but it would of course be for the House to determine whether the order for that bil should be discharged or not; and if a motion should be made for discharging the order he (MIr. Duncombe) would propose the amendment to which he had referred. Although the right hon. baronet (Sir B. Hall)-who, before he took office, professed to be a supporter of the principle of local selfgovernment, and who dared not express before the electors of Marylebone the opinions which he expressed in that house-had told them that the bill would be withdrawn, he trused the Attorney-General would agree to refer it to a select committee. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL must sav that it was very difficult to please the hon. member for Finsbury. When he (the Attorney-General) introduced the bil for amending the Metropolis Local Management Act, and sought to pass it as speedily as possible with the view of preventing litigation, the hon. gentleman was loud in his denunciations of the measure, on the ground that it interfered with the ancient rights of parishes. His (the AttorneyGeneral's) only object had been to prevent the gieat expense and anxiety of that litigation in which he saw the metropolitan parishes were likely to be involved, and to give a legislative interpretation to the ambignous provisions of the aet. He inquired of the right hon. baronet (Sir B. Hall) what had been the intentions of the framers of the act, and what, so far as it could be ascertained, had been the intention of Parliament in passing the particular clause with respect to which doubts had arisen, and he was informed the intention had been to hand over the management of affairs relating to the poor and to the church to the new vestries; and with that object, accordingly, lie framed the bill. The hon. gentleman denounced the biU as an interference with popular rights, and he was backed by a large portion of the public. He (the Attorney-General) did not wish to force the bill or his own interpretation of the doubtfnl clause of the act of Parliament upon the parishes if they were not disposed to accept it ; and, therefore, having ascertained what was the general feeling of the parishioners on the subject, he was not inclined to proceed with the bill. On the contrary, lie was disposed to stand neuter; and if the hon. gentleman should bnng in a bill to solve the doubt the other way the House might deal with it as it chose. r.-WILKINSONsaid, it was clear thatan ambiguous act of Parliamenthadbeen passed, andhe held it to be incumbent upon the Government, having brought forward sech a measure, to provide a remedy. (Hear, hear.) The subject thei dropped. - OUR RELATIONS WITH AMERICA. Lord GODERICH said, there appeared in the newspapers of this country a short time ago certain documents which purported to be copies of a despatch addressed by Mr. Cranipton, our Minister at Washington, to Mr. Marcy, the American Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. He would read that supposed or real despatch to the House. It was dated the 27th of February, 1856, and was couched in the followiing terms :- "Washington, Feb. 27, 1856. "My dear Sir,-Observing that some misapprehension seems to exist as to the offer made by Lord Clarendon to Mr. Buchanan to submit the points regarding the interpretation of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty, upon which the two Governments disagree, to arbitration, I think it well to send you the encloseA despatch, which Ireceivedfrom Lord Clarendon on the subject in December last. I regret not having made you this communication before, hut the truth is, that the last paragaph of the despatch escaped my atte until I referred to it lately; and asI was awarethat the negotiation of the questions regarding Central A merica was in MTr. B a- chanan's and Lord Clarendon's hands, I considered the despatch as meantmerely for my owvn information as to what was going forward upon a subject in regard to which I inferred you were already informed. " Believe ime yours very faithfully, "JosnlT F. OnAsIrrOs. "P.S.-I send the original despatch, which I wiU beg of you to return to me, butl have no objection to your taking acopy of it. "J. F. C. "Hon. William L. Marcy, Secretary of State." The following was the despatch of Lord Clarendon to Mr. Crampton referred to in the foregoing:- " Foreign-office, Nov. 10, 1855. "Sir,-MVr. Buchanan having, in the course of conversation, a few days ago, adverted to the impression that would be created in the United States by the non-settlement of the Central American question, I agin assared him that England had no wrish to extend her ifluence or to obtain any territory in that part of the world; and I reminded him that, as the difference between this country and the United States turned solely upon the interpretation of the treaty of 1850, Ibid offered, on the part of Her Majesty's Government, to submit the case to the arbitration of a third Power, but that he had declined the offer. "Her Majesty's Government, I said, would still abide by tbat offer, and thought it would be the fairest and most amicable manner of arriving at a settlement of the question. Mr. Buchanan said he would make it known to his Government, and you are instructed to communicate this despatch to Mr. Marcy. ; "Iam, with great tmth and regard, Sir, your most obedient humble servant, " ULAREND0Or. "J. F. Crampton, Esq.; c." It was of great importaii6e to the public interests that instnrctioi of that natuto bovuld be gtl4idy CI94A,a.nd it been misgoverned. For tho last 2Zyeas, with a very slight exception, the Whigs bad governed tho country, and for a considerable period before their term commenced the noble lord had himself some share in the government. (Hear.) Therefore, it dUd apr to him to be somewhat inopportune that the noble lord, who ad at least half s century of p,oltical responsibility for the govermment of Ireland, should have introduced such grave considerations into his vindication of this unhappy farm. (A laugh.) The uoble lord was also an Irish landlord, and had therefore an additonal feeling of responsibility. However, after the last observations of the noble lord, so different from the first, he should be indisposed to inconvenience the Governmaent by suddenly stopplng a vote of this kind. The noble lord had made an appeal almost ad m*sricordiam, and had spoken of theso professors and literary teachers as he would of the members of the Osmanlicavalryof the Contingent, who had just been enlisted, and were now about to be disbanded. (A laugh.) Under these circumstances the Government ought to be sparedunnecessarvanuoyanco, especially afterthe assurance of the noble lord that these estimates would not again be submitted to the House in their present forn. HO understood, from the last observation of the .oble lord, that he had made up his mind that they were indefensible in I nnmple ard impossible in practice. - (" No,no.") If they were cdefensible iunsrinciple and possible in practice, he miust have misuaderston the noble lord, ana should certainly vote against them. If he was right in collecting from the speech of the noble lord that he felt it would be inconvenient for the Government again to present them to the House, he thought the most temperate course would be not to press the Govermnent, but to agree to this vote, on the distinct understandin" that it would not again be asked for by this or any other Government. If his impressionwere erroneous, he should feel it his duty to mark his sense of the impropriety of the vote by supporting the amendment of the hon. member for Lambeth. Lord PALMERSTON would uo't obtain the vote of the right hon. gentleman under false pretences. He did not say that ho disapproved the urinciple of this vote. On the contrary, he did his best to show that that principle was a good one. What he said was, that there might be on the details matters for revision, and it would be the duty if the Government to urge the commissioners to consider those details with a view to the reduction of the estimate.I Mr. DISRAELI said, that if the noble lord only-said that the details of the vote might be revised, he should vote for the amendment. If the noble lord said that those details should be revised, he should support the Government. Lord PALMERSTON said, that was exactly what he did say. He said that it would be the duty of the Government to urge the commissioners to reconsider the details of the estimate. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HADFIELD said that there was an item of 12,4411., which vwas in addition to the amount of the vote of last year, and for the granting of which, therefore, the engagements with the persons connected with these establishments could furnish no reason. Ireland was at present ovor-nursed; too much was done for it, and it was in consequence the most pitiable country with which he was acquainted. Mr. SPOONER thought it would be unfair, by refusing this vote, to turn adrift all those persons who were engaged at these schools at a moment's warning, more e iaily as the Government had consented that the whole subject should be inquired into before the vote was again proposed. Mr. WILLIAMS allowed that there was considerable force in the appeal made by the right hon. Secretary for Ireland as to the great difficulty there would be in suddenly closing these establishments, and he thought the best course would be to allow the vote to stand over, in order to see how the Government would propose to remodel it. Mr. BLACKBURN pointed out that 12,0001. of the vote was an increase on last year's estimate, and therefore, as no contracts could have been entered into with regard to that part of the vote, no hardship would be inflicted on anyone by disallowing it. He would suggest, however, that the Governmenlt should themselves point out what part of the estimate could be suppressed without inconvenience. Mr. AMLOWBRAY said, the best mode of testing the sincerity of the Governmsent would be by moving to disallow two entirely new items-3,0001. " towards the erection of a literary district model school inthe city of Londonderry," and 4.0001. " towards the erection of an additional district model school, the site of which is not yet determined on." Lord PALMERSTON thought that the Committee ought to be satisfied wsith the assurance that the whole subject should be referred to the commissioners. By consenting to the suggestion just thrown out, the Committee would be acting entirely in the dark, for it might be that these two rew schools proposed to be established were likely to be cf more use than three or four others which might be abolished. The Committee' then divided on Mr. Williams's amendment, the numbers being For the amendment ... ... ... 33 Against it . ... ... .. ... 144 Majority against ... .. ... -96 MIr. INOWBRAY then moved that the vote be reduced by two items-3,0001. for the erection of a literary district model school in the city of Londonderry ; and 4,0001. for the erection of an additional institution of the same description, the site for which is not yet determined on. 3rr. W. WILLIAMS supported the amendment, and called attention to the fact that, notwithstanding al these grants for agricultural purposes, only one student passed his examination for a diploma in agriculture at the Quceen's 'University last year. Mr. HEYWORTH supported the amendment, on the ground that such grants were inconsistent with the principles of political economy. After a few words from Mr. DiioxssO, Mr. I. BUTr, and Mr. BAKRnoW the committee divided, when the nurmbers were,- For the amendment ... ... ... ... 41 Against it ... .. ... .. . ... 126 Majority ... ... ... ... ... 5 Sir .J. SHELLEY wished some member of the Govern. ment to explain, in regard to an item of 5,1751. for the expenditure on a model farm of 17S acres, whether there was not a debtor and creditor account kept of the working of this farm, and whether or not the outlay upon it yielded any return ? No answer was given to this inquiry, and, amid ironical cheering, the vote was declared agreed to. - 31r. WILSON then proposed a vote of 21,182,7001. for Exchequer-bills, which was agreed to. The CHAIRMAN then reported progress, and the House resumed. In reply to Mr. SpooxER, sThe CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER stated that thc misecellaneous estimates would be proceeded with on Blonday. JOINT-STOCK COMIPANIES BILL. On the order of the day for going into committee on this bill, Mr. LOWE stated that he was ready to accede to tho suggestion which had been made by the right hon. member for Oxfordshire (Mr. Henley), that this biU should be comnditted pro formi, with the view of introducing the aniendscrents which had been proposed. 3lany of those amendnments were merely verb.l, and there were others which introduced no new principle, but which were intended to carry out more effectively the provisions of the bilL He hoped the House would not suppose that the great number of amendments arose from any slovenliness or want of care in the preparation of the bill, for they were attributable to the great interest which was taken in the subject by the public. Numerous amendments, many of them well worthy of adaption, had becs sugg7ested, and he therefore begged to move th.at the hill he committed znofornuzl. The motion was agreed to, the bill was committed pro foarni, and the House resumed, the Committee being fixed for Friday next. PUBLIC WORKS_BILL. This bill was read a second time. PIUBLIC WORKS (IRELAND) BILL. This bill was also read a second time. BAIN-KRUPTCY (SCOTLAND) BILL. This bill went through committee pro fos-md. ENCUABERED ESTATES COUPRT. 3rr. DEASY moved for returns of the several purchases made in the Encumbered Estates Court by the late John Sadleir, or any one in trust for him; specifying the name or title of the estate'or matter in which each such purchase was made, the names of the solicitors havmg the carriage of the sale, and the amount of the purchaso money; of the number of declarations of trust made by or to said John Sadleir, ad earng in any book or document inthe Encumberea Estates Court- specifying the names or titles of the estate or matter in which such declarations of trust were made, and the names of the solicitors having the carriage of the sales in such matters. Of the several orders made by the commissioners, or any of them, extendino the time for lofigment of purchase-money by said John Sadleir; specifying the date of the order, the amount of the purchase-money, the name or title of the estate, and the period for which the time of lodgment was extended. And. of the number of conveyances executed by the comnmis~ sioners to the said John Sadleir, or any one in trast for him. The hon. member said, that he did not move for these returns with any indirect or collateral object, but with the view of placing before the House and the public an authentic record of the dealings of the Encumbered Estates Commissioners with the late Mr. Sadleir. (Hear, hear.) The subject to which the returns referred had excited great interest long beforo the occurrence of the fatal catastrophe which had so much engaged public attention. A strong impression had prevailed in the public mind in Ireland, and particularly among members of the legal profession, that the Encumbored Estates Commissioners dealt with MIr. Sadleir in a manner different from that in which they dealt with other per. sons. .(Hear, hear.) It was generally believed that the commissioners dealt with Mr. Sadleir as an influential member of that House, and as a good customer to the Court (hear, hear), and thero was a general impression that they gave him, with regard to the purchase of estates, undue advantages which were not conceded to other persons. (Iear, hear.) Ho believed that the commissioners had relaxed one important rule in favour of Mr. Sadleir, namely, that which prohibited any person wsho- was interested in proper'y sold by the Court from bidding for any portion of the property in whichS -he had an interest. It wvas also believed that other advantages had been conceded to Mr. Sadleir, which were not afforded to persons in a different position. He (-r. Deisy) did not mean to sav that that impression was well founded. He only stated that it existed very widely and generally in Ireland. He moved for these retums for the purpose of testing the truth and validity of that impression, and he thought it but just to the commisioners themselvo5 that the returns should be granted. (Hear, hear.) It was only right to afford the commissioners an opportunity of relieving themselves from the imputation that they had not afforded to inheritors and creditors due protection against the system of land jobbing which prevailed to a great extent in the EncsunberQd Estats Court. (Hear, hear.) If the must be the desire of Mr. Crarptn himself that correct, 3nformation on the subject -1 I the.coontry. He therc .soult be givento the House and the head of the G(' .-'re Vished to ask the noble lord a' t d nneent whether the document pur portng to be a des ,al by Mr. Crampton was authentic. and ocrether an. teml t two or three months really did occur between 'he .eceipt by Mr. Crampton of the despatc'l of cord C :endon, dated the 20th of November, 1855, and the ntme o nication of its contents to the American Govere mnent g M.M GLADSTONE.-Sir, I wish to make a few observat.ons before my noble friend answers the question which has been addressed to him. I do not propose to say a single 'word upon that portion of the American question with which the name of lr. Crampton is more immediately connected-viz., that which relates to the recruiting within the limits of the United States; because, as regards that branch of the subject, we have been told in distinct terms by Her Majesty's Government that it is still in their hands, and has not yet arrived at a conclusion. But I desire to call the attention of the House to the position in which it is placed with respect to the other portion of the American question-viz., that which relates to Central America. It appears-in a form not indeed official but perfectly authentic and indisputable-tbat in the month of September last Lord Clarendon made a com. niunication to the American Minister in which he intimated that, on the side of the British Government, the correspondence might be held as concluded. Tnat communicationfrom Lord Clarendon was followed by a similar one from Mr. Buchanan, whichappearedlikewiseto wind up the correspondence on the side of the Government of the United States. On one of the first days of the present session a question was put to my noble friend at the head of the Administration with regard to the production of the papers relating to America. The answer of my noble friend on that occasion was general, and did not intimate that any papers on either branch of the American question would immediately be produced. Bat a fewv days later the subject was revived, and then my noble friend stated that, although that portion of the question which related to the recruiting was still in the hands of the Government, yet that portion which referred to Central America, and which had been the subject of a separate correspondence with the Government of the United States, had been concluded, and that, consequently, the papers might bo produced to the House. That answer was given by my noble friend about two months ago, and witlin a week or so after the opening of the session. (Hear.) Now, let the House observe the position in which we are placed with respect to this important question. I certainly am the last man who would wish to interfere with the discretion of the Government as to the time of producing papers upon a great political subject; but my noble friend told the House in the beginning of February that the time had arrived when the documents relating to the Central Aiierican question ought and should be produced, and yet to this hour we have seen or heard nothing of those papers. (Hear, hear.) A few days ago, indeed, after a long delay had taken place, another question was addressed to my noble friend upon the production of those despatehes, and we were then told that the Foreign-office had been so much occupied of late with other matters that it had not been possible to prepare them. That was, I think, in the commencement of the present week, and still we have no definite prospect before us as to the time when these documents are to be produced. (Hear, hear.) Now, I do not propose to give an opinion upon the question whether the papers should be produced or not; but I do confidently say that their production ought not to be delayed from week to week and from month to month, becausc persons in the Foreign-office are much occupied with other matters. (Hear.) The subject is a great deal too important t) allow any obstacle of that kind to intervene (heari; and what I would put to my noble friend and to the House, with great confidence, is this, that either the papers ought to be produced, or else we ought to understand-and, I confess, it would be far moro agreeable to me to hear this than even to have the papers-that, although the correspondence of last year was concluded, yet the subject has not passed from the hands of the Government;- that no uWnai7.- iein, soto speak, with respect to Central America has been exchanged between the two Governments : but that Ministers still entertain the hope that by friendiy communications with the American Government the question mav be brought to an amicable conclusion. (Cheers.)- For Sir, it appears to me that this Hlonse will incur a very heavy responsibility if, after we have been told that the Government has ceased to deal with a question of this nature, we do not demand information with regard toit. (Hear, hear.) Where the responsihilitv of tbe Oovernment ends there theresponsibility of the House of Commons begins. (Hear, hear.) And what happens? While we thus So on from mont to month-while Parliament is silent on the question-though I do not want the voice of Parliament to be heard as long as the Government feels that an amicable arrangement may be concluded-while our mouths are kept shut from the want of official information, other voices go forth (hear, hear)-other voiceswhdch, I must say, have sounded a note the most opposed to wisdom, to justice, and to peace (hear, hear), as welas to those freendly-I would almost venture to say affectionate-relations that I am sure every man in this house would wish to see prevailing between Great Britain and the United States. (Cheers.) It is helieved, or at least rumoured, that the Minister who has recently arrived from America is armed with instrctions and powers that will enable him to deal in a friendly spirit with this que.stion, and I trust e will be met in a corresponding sp~irit by our Government. (Hear, hear.) Do not let mny nobefriend suppose that I am anxious for the producton of the papers to which I have referred if the matter is stll in the hands of the Government. What I want is this, that if he and his colleagues have done with the question we should be informed of all the steps they have taken, in order that we may be in a position to judse of our own duty. I have spoken of the unwise and in9lammatory language that has been held in other quarters by what are taken to be organs of natonal opinion. I may also speak of rumours that I think are calculated to create uneasiness in the mind of every member of this House. For example, there is a rumour -unaulthentic, and I hope untrne-that additions have been. made, or are about to be made, to the military force in Canada, I hope that before any additions are made to the military force in Britich North America, in the present slate of our relations with the United States, this House will have an opportunity of uttering its voice with regard ta those relations; for I am convinced that whenever the voice of this House is heard it will be so in a manner calculated to promote the interests of peace and good neighbourhood between the two countries. (Cheers.) I think my noble friend will feel the fairness of what I have stated-viz., that if he and his Government have done with this question the House ought to be put in immediate poseession of the papers; but I would far rather hear from him that he has not done with the question; that, in the present state of the diplomnatic arrangements of the two countries. there is a possibility or likelihood of further communications taking plane between the Governments ; and that ho still entertains the hope that, as regards the contested claims in Central America, a perfectly good understanding mav be established between Great Britain and the United States. (Cheers.) Lord PALMERSTON.-My right hon. friend knows as well as any man what is the organization of the various Governmental departments, and how the business in each of them is performed. He knows as well as any man that those departments, efficient as they may be for general purposes, are not calculated to deal quickly in extraordinary and unexpected circumstances; but yet my right hon. friend has blamed the Government, and the Foreign-office especially, for not having produced these papers at an earlier period. My right hon. friend has referred in a slighting manner to the other business which the Foreign-office has lately had to transact. [" No, no !" from Mr. Gladstone, and general expressions of dissent.] I beg his pardon, he haz done so. ("No, no !") Now, the House must be aware that a most important and difficult negotiation has just been taking place, in which the Foreign-office has been the department chiefly engaged. It cannot either forget that from the commencement of the session there was, for a time, a great pressure upon the Foreignoffice for the production of the papers relating to the sieg 3 and capitulation of Kas. The collection of those papers required great care and attention on the part, not of persons holding an inferior position in that department, but on the part of those holding the higher positions in that office, and those papers have been laid before Parliament. (Hear, hear.) As regards the papers connected with the Central American question, I can only say that they are nearly completed; and I trast to be able, in a very few days, to lay them before Parliamnent. (Hear, hear.) I must say, with regard to this subject, that I entirely decline to followv the example or to be led by the exhor:tation of my right lion. friend into entering into the discussion of a question the eircumstances connectedwith which have notyetbeenlaid before thisHouse, and I am content to wait for the judgment which the House may pronounce when it has before it materials upon which to form an opinion. With regard to the question of any noble friend, I can only say that I believe the document to which he has alluded is a correct copy of the communication made by Mr. Crampton to Mr. Marcy upon the instructions which he had received from Lord Clarendon - but, at the same time, I think that it mustbe obvious, even iromthe passage which my noble friend has read, that no inconvenience could accrue to the public service from any accidental delay, because the instructions upon the part of Lord Clarendon hadalreadybeen communicated to Er. Buchanan, at that time the ambassador of the United States in this country: and I think that that will be seen from the papers which will be shortly laid before this House with regard to the Central American question. TIE CONTRACT WITH MESSRS. GRISSELL. In reply to Mr. MAinWS, Mr. MONSELL said that there was not the least obiection to laying on the table of the house aU the correspondence which had taken plaee between the Ordnance and the Messrs. Grissell with respect to the fraud alleged against 1hat firm in the fulfilment of their contract. THE CRIMEA INQOIRY. Mr. BALK said that the House was well aware that a board of officers had been appointed to inquire into certain charges made in the report of Sir John M'Neill and Colonel Tulloch against the professional character of cerhin officers of high standmg~. The names of those officers had been laid asbregarded the publinquiy nreference partent to which, bseforo ea the public, -t terefone ahrd been madeto He begged, therefore, -to-uk whether that portion of.the report of f$rJ. ;, ,hi0:g T;ll .°C Qh tf_GCed to thbe Comn2issariat in the Crimea would be investigated by that board ? The inquiry most desired by the country was whether any certainty could be arrivedat as to who were the persons most in fault as regarded the deficiency of supplies. and he wished, therefore, to know if that wortion of the report would be taken into consideration ? EDUCATION BILL. IMr. HADI'ELD suggested that the vote for the purposes of education should be deferred, and taken into consideration at the same tine as the resolutions ofthe sioble lord the member for London and the Vice-Presideat of Committee of Council on Education Bill. The CHANCELLOR of thfe 1XCHEQUER could not accede to the proposaL Mi could see no reason whv the wvte of supply for education should not be taken that night. There was no prospect that the hill to which the hon. member had referred could come on before 12 o'clock, and it would therefore be postponed until a future evening. Lord J. RUSSELL suggested to the right hon. baronet the member for Droitwich (SiY J.Pakington), who had given notice of several amendments in the resolutions upon the subject of education which he (Lord J.: Russell)had submitted to the committee of the House, that the matter would be much more clearly before the committee, when it came to be considered, if he would have the resolutions printed as they would stand supposing that his amendments were agreed to. Sir J. PAEKIGTON concurred with the noble lord. He had already spoken to the Speaker, who had assented to the printing of the resolutions with these amendments. - Mr. IiIIALL hoped that the recommendation of his hon. friend (Mr. HIadfield) would be attended to. Mr. BARNES thought that there was something like undue haste in proposing to take the vote for educational purposes that evening. The motion for the adjournment of the House until Monday was then agreed to. SUPPLY.-THE BOARD OF INQUIRY. On the motion that the Speaker should leave the chair, that the House might go into Committee of Supply, Lord PALMERSTON, in reply to Mr. Palk, who had complained that the question which he had put had received no answer, stated that officers of the commissariat who might feel that their conduct had been impugned by the report of the commissioners would have the same opportunity of stating anythirg which they might wish in extenuation or justification that would be afforded to other officers in HIer Majjesty's service. THE CONDUCT OF SIR CHARLES NAPIER AT ACRE. Sir J. GRPAHAM-I am at all times most unwilling un necessarily to obstruct the business of the House, or to avail myself of the opporunity afforded by this motion to bring under its notice matters which personally concern myself. On Monday last, the first day after the recess, I intended to bave taken the course which I ain now reluctantly driven to pursue. But, Sir, the honour of every member has at all times been regarded by the House a- its own property, and it is the duty of every member to defend himself when an attacck has been made impeaching that honour, snore particularly when it also impeaches his veracity. I would gladly have avoided the revival of the unhappy controversy which has arisen between myself and the hon. and gallant admiral the member for Southwark (Sir C. Napier). The House has heard enough, perhaps more than enough, of that unhappy affair. (Hear, hear.) It was most contrary to my wish needlessly to revive that subject; but during the early part of the recess a letter appeared in The T1imes, signed by the hon. and gallant admiral, which I will now read to the House, and it appeared to myself and to my hon. and gallant friend the member for Glocester (Admiral Berkeley), who is also mentioned in it, utterly impossible for us consistently with our duty to emit commenting upon this letter,andendeavouring to substantiate to the HIouse the truth of the statements which we had made.. The letters which was addressed to the editor of The Timzs, and was dated March 15, is in these terms:- " Sir,-Sir JAmos Graham stated in his speech that I hai advised Sir Robert Stopford not to attack Acre; and Admiral Berkeley went further, and said that the night before I told Sir Robert Stopford ' that if he sent him into the position marked out for him his ships would not swim for half an hour.' My reply is not correctly reported, and I have to request you wil give insertion to this letter. "I statedin my reply that, upon my honour, I didnosuch thing; and I now beg to say that there is not one word of truth, or even a shadow of truth, in those statements; they were got up to damage me. " I remain your obedient servant, "Mrch 15. " CrLsALEs NTAMR.'" Noow, Sir, not only is that letter a direct impeachment of my veracity, and of that of my hon. and gallant friend, but it ascribes to us motives of the darkest and most malignant kind. (Hear, hear.) I hope the House wil do me the jastice to remember that, notwithstanding the many attacks which the hon. and gallant officer has thought it consistent with his duty to make upon me, whether in letters or ia speeches, in taverns or upon the hustings, I have never taken the least notice of any such attacks except in my place in Parliament, and then only when I have been placed on the defensive. (Hear.) Having said so much, Sir, Ishal: now call the attention of the House to what were the allegations made by myself and my hon. and gaUant friend in the former debate, and wil ssubmit to the House the evidence which I believe wiU fully sustain those allegations. This is a matter of fact and evidence must be adduced; but I rely upLon the justice and patience of the Houss for attention to that evidence, hoping that it may not be unduly long or tedious. (Hear, hear-) I am, however, anxious to preface what I am about to say with regard to the naval operations before Acre with one observation. I give to the hon. and gallant officer the member for Southwark the utmost credit for the gallantry and the ability with which in Syria, on land, he conducted, even beyond the limits of his profession, military operations -leading theTurkstovictGry. Ialsogivetohim the utmost creditfortheeffectofthoseoperations insustainingtheBritish interest in the East, by the expulsion of the Egyptians from Syria at that time. The matter at issue between the hon. and gallant officer and myself is with respect to the naval operations of that war, and this question arises out of discussions with reference to the cosuct of the galLant admiral when in conmiand of the Baltic fleet. In defending myself from the attack made upon me by the hon. and gallant officer in this house, I incidentally observed that I thought there was an erroneous impression abroad that the success of the naval attack upon Acre was due to the hon. and gaUant officer, and that that attack emanated from his counsels and advice. Nay, more; I went on to say that I had reason to believe, from recent inquiry, that, so far from that attack having been counselled, it had been objected to by him ; and that the late Sir Robert Stopford and Sir Charles Smith,commandingthe military in conjunction with him, decided to make that attack in opposition to the opinion of the hon. and gallant officer. The next allegation is, thatwhen, before the attack-, Sir Robert Stopford pointed out to the assembled officers the position to be taken up. by the different ships he assigned to the Powerful, the ship which the hon. and gallant officer (Sir C. Napier) then commanded, a particular position, close to the north-west angle of the fortifications of Acre. The hon. and gallant officer objected to that position, and said that if it were taken up by himhis ship would sink in half an hour. The third aUegation is, that on the following day, when the attack was made, he did not carry into execution the orders of Sir I. Stopford; did not take up the position assigned to him, but let go his anchor at a considerable distance from it, ina llsition less exposed; and that by so violating the orders commander-in-chief he threw the whole of the naval operations into considerable confusion. The fourth alegation is, thatthe capture of Acre did not take place in immediate consequence of the bombardment, but that the place was entered by a body of troops landed at a considerablo distance from the post occupied by the Powerful, and that that landing was an operation in which the hon. and gallant admiral had no part. The last allegatiosi is that, on the morning after the battle took place, the hon. and galant officer made his appearance on the quarter-deck of the flagship, and expressed a hope that Sir R. Stopford was satisfied with his conduct on thie previous day, and that .Sir Robert Stopford told the hon. and gallant officer in express terms that he was anything but satisfied with the position which he took up. These are the allegations. The hon. and gallant officer has pledged his honour that there is neither truth nor the shadow of truth in them. I join issue with him there, and I am pre- red to sustain the truth of al I have advanced. Now, ,the best evidence which could be adduced in support of these allegations would be the evidence of Sir R. Stopford himelf UJnfortunately, that officer is no more. The documents and papers of Sir R. Stopford would have furnished irresistible evdence. I have made an appeal to Lady Stopford, the wvidow of the late Sir Robert, but those papes are under seal and in the possession of* executors. More than one of those executors are absent from England, and the: papers therefore cannot be opened or produced. The secretary of Admiral Stopford is also dead. The next best evidence would have been the evidence of Admiral Fanshawe, who was the flag-captain of Admiral Stopford, and was therefore cognizant of all the proceedings ; but he is in a distant land. Admiral Boxer would have also been a most important witness; but he, too, Iis dead. There only remains, therefore, evidence whichn is either secondary, or which is not the best evidence that could be produced. But the hon. and gallant officer the member for Glocester (Admiral Berkeley) was an officer in command of a line-of-battle ship during the whole of these operations, was himself cognizant of the greatest portion of the transactions to which I have referred; and he was not only my informant in private, but the House in public heard his statement. It wil be said, and said perhaps with truth, that my hon. and gallant friend-brought also unfortunately, like myself, into collision with the hon. and ga'lant officer-is a witness open to exception, on account of the bias which may be supposed to influence him. Now, Sir, I will adduce the testimony of a witness, the most un- exceptionable (as I think even the hon. and gallantofficerhini selfwill admit) that canbeadduced. SirBaldwinWalker, at the time to which I refer, was in the service of the Turkish Government; hehaa the rank of rear-admiral, and at the attack on Acre his flag was flying in a Turlish line-of-battle Lship. He Iwasin constant communication, as commandinga Turkish squadron, with Sir IL Stopford, the commander of the British squadron. His evidence is niimpeachable, and the House shall hear it exactly as it is given. The next best witn6esswould have been Asmiral Sir Houston Stewart; but he, in the absence of Admiral Lyons . from his command, is now in the Mediterranean, comnimanding the English fleet. NTottvitbstanding, however, the ditance. Sir B3aldwin WYalker };as bsd an opportunity of commnini eatiun-with Admiral Sir Houston Stewfart, aad the Honse shall haear what Sir B!aldwin Walker JStateS-naniely. thit tbecommunications wbidhlhe -has m4de to me is answer to my inquiries have bo=mbmjtU-.4 to M S te t and are confirmed by that officer. I shall also produce f' - the House the written evidence of Captain Codringtoss, wlb', commanded the Talbot before Acre, -was the officer who 2most closely reconnoitred Acre, took all the soundings, andi drew the positioas, and who is in everv respect a competent; and -trustworthy witness, to whom 1do not think the hon. and gallant officer will object. But it 1FV. thinS be still wan_.i tan if it 1- said that all theoe are mival wvitnegte, T will not stop here. The hon. and pliant officer objectsverymuchto the evidence of naval inen, but it does so happen that a most distingui,hea officer, Sir C. E. Smith, who commanded the )nilituiy portion of the expedition, was on board the flagship. To him, my veracity being impeached, I 2tpeaed for the facts of the case, and Iwillread my letter - asl;ig for information on this subject, together with his reply. Having done that, I shall certainly abstain from any further remarks. I am willingtobelievethat, in a moment of haste and exasperation, the hon. and gallant officer may have expressed hbiself more strongly than. after further deliberation, he woiud himself approve of. I have myself eoDmmitted errors of this kind in thecourse of. my. life, and if the hon. and gallant officer should say (and I hope he will say), after I haveconcluded my observations, that he regrets this: occurrence, and will not adhere to the strong terms. he used, I for one shall be entirely satisfied. (Cheers.) But, Sir, I must mow proceed: to show to the House, with refer-, ence to the first propositon, not only that the naval attack- on Acre was not ggestedby the hon. and gallantmember for-- Southwark, but thinkIhave indisputable evidence to show that the first suggestion of that attack, as settled by Sir R - Stopford and Sir Charles Smith, emanated from SirBaldwin Walker, and from no other quarter. I will not frighten the House by the production of the large blue-books containing the Syrian correspondence, but I will read a short extract from a letter in that correspondence, whicn will be found in Part 2, page 330, No. 249. It is from Viscount Ponsonby to Lord Palmerston, and is dated Therapia, October 7, 1840. It is in these words: "My Lord,-I have the honour to enclose extract frora the Syrian journal of a gentleman employed in the TurkishL. service, and a man of sense. [The name of this gentleman has been mentioned to me, and I believe he is now int London.] This extract contais matter not mentioned im other reports, and states facts worth being submitted to. your lordship's attention. "I have the honour, tc., "PoQso0 nY." Inclosure in No. 249.-Extract from journal.) "Sunday, SeDt 27. "Captain Walker came on board. [Here follows am account of the attack on Saida, in which Captain Walker, Commodore Napier, and the Austrian Archduke took a. part.] I went with Captain Walker to see Sir Robert. Stopford. . . . Leaving Sir Robert, I accompanied Captain Walker to see Izzet Pasha. We found him suffering extremely, and, after communicating to him the event* vhich had taken placeto the southward, Captain Walker declared it to be his opinion that an attack on Acre wvould be saccessful." That was the opinion entertained on the 27th of September. On the 24th of October Sir Baldwin Walker, in the Turkisak flagship, went close in to Acre, sent a boat on shore to summon it to surrender, himself cannonaded some of the fortifications, and (his summons not being attended to) then withdrew, and on the 27th of October wrote this letter toAdmiral Stopford " Ottomnan ship-of-war Miookaddimy-i.hlire,. at sea, Oct. 27, 1840. "Sir,-I have the honour to forward for your El;cellency's information, a statement made by two men who.- were sent off to this Ehip by Captain Boxer, of HerBritannic Majesty's ship Pique, on the evening of the 26th. inst., at the moment of our departure from St. Jean d'Acre, by which you will perceive that much discontent reigns in the garrison of that town, and how ready the Syrians are to1assist the cause of HEs Imnperial Majesty the Sultan. "I have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedient, humble servant, "B. W. WALz.ns_ -" To his Exicellency Admiral the HIon. Sir R. Stopford, G.C.B., &c." Then follows an enclosure of the depositions of two mer. sent by Captaxin Boxer, of the Pique, off Kiaffa, October 26, 1840. They say :- " The Druses armed at Sidon about two days ago havc gut off the supply of water conveyed to Acre by the aquleduct. Thefortressof St. Jeand'Acrecontains5,000troops, but the greater part of them are sick, and aboutt 25 desert. and die daily. The deserters from St. Jean d'Acre declare the troops to be disaifected, and that a cannonading of the fortresses would be a signal for them to desert to us." l)ates are important. The attack on A cre was maWde on tha 3d of November, 1840, and the letter I hae ust read o tohe House was dated on the 27th of October. The decirion toattack Acre w.as come to by Sir R. Stopford and Sir Charle& Smith on the 29th of October. I beg the House -to remember these dates. On the 31st of October Sir Baldwin Walkerwrites to the Tur'kish HIigh Aidmiral at Constantinople inL these terms:- "Ottoman ship-of-war Mookaddimaydi.'>, Beyront, Oct. 31., 1840. "My Lord,-In consequence of my representing to Admiral the Hon. Sir Robertlitopford the good effect likely to. arise from the appearance of His Sublime Majesty's flag off St. Jean d'Acre, I have the honour to inform Vour highness. that I left this anchorage for that town on the 24th inst., and arrived in the evening of t.hat day. " On the ensuing morning I pulled in with a flag of truce for the purpose of delivereng tho enclosed summons. This, however, was not received nor the boat permitted toland. "On the following day I stood in with this ship and firef at the fortresses; and although I approached near enough for the gns to have done me considerable injury, I wasmuch surprised at their not returning our fire. This pacificdisposition on the part of the enemy, and the information I obtained from two natives who came off to this ship frorm IXiaffa, confirmed me in my former opinion that much discontent prevails in the garrison of that town. "These particulars I fully communicated to the Bnolishadmiral, and I have now the gnreat satisfaction to inform your Hihnhess that a force, consisting of eight ships-of.theline, five fri,ates, and four steamers, the wuole having on. board 3,500 Turkish troops, will leave Beyrout this day for St. Jean d'Acce. " sWe continue to receive daily deserters from the enemy. anl the Crescent steamer, having on board 450 deserters and. prisoners, will leave this evening for Constantinople. - " I have the honour to be, &c., " To His Hig hness the Capudan Pasha, &c." I venture to think that these documents offer, if not conclu,ive, at all events the strongest jiossihle presumptive evi- deuce that the decision of theAdmaral and Generlt attc - Acre proceeded from informnation given by Sir B. Walker, and from advice which he had tendered to them. (Hear - hear.) But that is only the negative part of the case that the nlaval attack on St. Jean d'Acre did not proceed from the counsel of the hon. and gallant member for Southwvark, but, as I contend, from intelligence received through the~ medium of Sir B. Walker from A cre itself. I shall norr submit to the HIouse the direct testimony on that question of Sir B. WaLker himself (hear); and that there may be iso mistake about the matter I -will red se7i.ti7W the questions p roposed to that gallant oflicer by my right hon. friend blowr me and myself, with the answers of Sir B. Walker. (Hear, hear,) The allegations wihich Sir Charles Napier denies, and which wre assert, are these- " 1. Qnestion.-The attack on Acre by the flect was net advised by Sir Charles Napier, but w as undertak.en in opposition to his advice and opinion exprescsly given to Sir Robert Stopford? "fAuswer.-I cannot call to mind that Ilever heard Sir Charles Xapier express any opinion on the subject; but Sir R. Stopford, on several occasions when the question of attackiing Acre was discussed, informed me that Sir Charleswas opposed to it; my own imnpression always w as that SirCharles Napier was anxious to advance into the interior at;-. the head of the armny, and conduct the land operations. "2. Sir Charles Napier before the attack remon- strated against taking up the position assngnedto thePIower- - ful bytheoAdusiral s "I was present when SirBH. Stopford pointed out to Sir Charles Napier the position which the Powerfu l wras to take utp off the south-w est ang,le of the fortress of Atcre, and the reply made by Sir Charles Napier was that if be anchored in that posfittion his ship would be sunk. (Hear.) " 3. In making thc attack Sir C. Napier did not take up the position in question according to his orders, but let go his anchor short of it, in a less exposedt position, and thereby threwY the whole previous arrangement into confusion ? "The position pointed out by Sir Bobert Stopford w ras not taken up by Sir C. Napier. He anchored before hereached it, which the ships of his division werenot prepared Ifor, and which caused some confusion. " '4. Acre was taken by a landing at a distance from Sir C. Napier's bombardment, and by an operation inwhiclr he took no part ? " Acre was taken possession of before 3 o'clock in the morning after the bombardment by a force landed from the Turkish flagship at the sea gate on the southn aide. Sir Charles NYapier was not present on the occasson. "o. Sir Robert Stopford, after the action, expressed to Sir Charles Napier his dissatisfaction with the conduct of " Sir Robert Stopford, in my presence, on the quarterdeck of the Phonmx, expressed to Sir Charles Napser that he was not satisfied with the position taken up by the PowerfuL adding that he ought to have gone to the southwest angle. This is stated by Sir Charles Napier in his work on Syria. " I very much regret the occasion that has aTisen for putting the above questions, but, having been appealed to, I amboundtostate facts, so far as I am acquainted with thens. "I have been most anxious to be correct. I therefore wrote to Sir Houston Stewart, who agrees with me on all essential particulars, and he has authorized me to quote his: testimony in support. "B. W. WALKER" (Hear, hear.) I told the House that I should leave nothing undone tocomplete the evidence in this case, and that there may be no doubt respectinganyportionof itwIwillnow readwhat Captain Codnngton says upon th subject. That officer commanded the Talbot on tne occasion in question, and no one had a more accurate knowledge than lie of the positionassigned to the various ships engaged in the attack. (Hear.) Captain Codrington's letter, which I should premise is addressed to myright hon. friend the member foraGlocester(Sir M. Berkeley) is as follows :- Her Majesty's ship Algiers, Portsmoutb, March 26, 1856. "Dear Sir Maurice,-I Will reply to your questions striatink, in the same order in which youPut them. }. s do not know whether Sir C. Napier objected to the position assigned to his ship after he received his orders from Sir Robert Stopford; but, having been melf present, with. ether captains at the discussion which took placein the:. iAadmira-s afterabin on the evening of the 2d ofNovember;.-. 1840,. I1-dll remember Sir Charles Napier expressing strongly his disapproval of the arragement of attac which was advocated by Captain Boxer, Captin Eouston Stewart I think, and others. (hear, hear), and which was approve4 by Sir R. Stopford,-namely, that the line of batUe ships sbuiuld be taken' in fLzt by the'stea-ers, and that the smnaller ships should follow them, and fill up the nt apaces, ke. ,(Hear, hear.) At this diacpssion ver warm one-Si a lbtt j.pier strongly taJted tbat the ssi
ST. MARGARE9S CHURCRYABD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TTh3S. Sir,-I should be sorry to inflict uponyou or on your readers so long a letter as that which appears in your columns to-day, signed " Resurgam ;" nor can I pretend to emulate the unctuous facetiousness with which that gentleman (who, I presume, is an undertaker) dilates upon the progress of decay in the persons of those wvho are buried in the churchyard of St. Mlargaret's, Westminster. But you will, perhaps, allow me to inform your correspondent that it is not from the want otany desire on the part of the rector of this parish, or of my co-churchwarden or myself, that the churchyard has not been turfed and planted, and the thoroughfare across it closed, but simply because, having put the question to the law, the law has denied us the power of doing those things, and because we are advised that we have no more right to take away the stones which mark the resting-place of the departed Jones or Smith (to adopt "Resurgam's" style) than we have to pull down the house of the aforesaid Jones or Smith's successor. I may add-indeed, as one of the " autnorities who are now roused to a preternatural vigour," I feel it is my duty to add-that we are not turning up any body's bones "at an awful rate," and that we are not using the tombstones as paving stones in any way more than flat tombstones in a churchyard have always been so used; and I would modestly. suggest to "Resurgam" to arm himself with a little patience and to spare his hard words, and to wait awhile until the " parochial paving job," as he pleasantly calls it, is finished, when he will, I trust, no longer have to complain of a loathsome spectacle presented by St. Margaret's Churchyard. I enclose my card, and am, Sir, Your most obedient servant. TH1E SENIOR CHURCOWARDEN OF ST. 3fAR(4ARRFT'- Great George-street, April 4.
FmFs nw WAPPnw.-Yesterday morning a fire which destroyed a considerable amount of property and placed in jeopardy the lives of nearly a dozen persons, happened on the premises of Mr. W. Primmer, general dealer and shipper, sitnate No. 104, Highstreet, Wapping. The alarm brought to the spot the fire. men who had charge of the ruins of the Black Boy tavern in the same street, destroyed by fire a few days ago, as well as a umuber of police. Fortunately several of the inmates were enabledto rush dovwn stairs, and thereby effect an escape in safety, but- openig the door the draught drove the flames up the staircases wvith such impetaosity that none of the other inmates were able to come down. In the course of a few niinutes somo of the occupants got upon the roof, and could be just seen through the thick black_smoke that surrounded them. These persons succeeded in reaching the roof of the next house, when the flames shot out of the back windows, rising so high as to give information to the firemen on board the steam float. At the same moment several persons made their appearance at the upper windows. The police, Norman, a fireman, and others ran and procured some ladders, and brought them down in safety, with the exception of one man, wvho, being a cripple, and unable to reach the window, had become prostrated vith the smoke, and had rolled under the bedstead. Some of the police and firemen, although-exposed to the risk of losing their own lives, rushed into the room, and happily succeeded in pulling the man out of the window, bringing him down the ladder. and saved him from a horrible death. By judiciously distributing the water upon the premises the bngade were enable after some considerable trouble to arrest the spread of the flames, but it was nearly five hours before they w ere extinuished. The damage done is considerable, and is officially reported to Mr. Superintendent Braidwood as follows:-" No. 104, High-street, Wap. p ,Mr.W. Primmner, genesal dealer, &c.; cause of o ,n. Contents insured in the Sun Fireoffice. The buildingunknown if insured or not. The building and contents nearly destroyed. The fire was extinguished byfiremen. The following enzines attended That of the parish (first), five of the A division, one of B, and the rer steam float. The premises of Mr. J. Hewland, shipchandler, are also extensively damaged by fire and heat in front~, and the contents damaged by water, smoke, ac. The contents were insured la thc Union, Phcanin, and.d Church of EnDglanld offlces."
From ae ZONDON GAZE of Fragy, Aiwit 4. LORD CHAEBERLAWSlOFFICEZ Ai 2. Notice is hereby given that the Levee announced to be held on Wednesday, tho 16th inst., will beheld on Tuesday, the 15th inst. Cards for presentation should be sent to the Lord Cham. berlain's Office on Saturday, the 12th inst., by 12 o'clocl, or on any earlier day, between 11 and 4. FOREIGN-OFFICE, AriL 2. The Queen has been pleased to approve of Mr. Charles Baker as Vice-Consul at Southampton for the Grand Duks of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. The Queen has also been pleased to an prove of 3r. Robert Stein as Consul at the Mauritius for the Free Eanseatic City of Bremen. DOWMNIG-STREET, APBm 2. The Queen has been pleased to appoint John Lucie Smith, Esq., to be Attorney-General for the colony of British Guiana. Her Majesty haa also been pleased to appoint Thomas Worthington Barlow to be Queen's Advocate for the colony of Sierra Leone. WAR DEPARTMENT, PALL-MALT, APRm 4. GstaNERAL ORDnM, No. 665(. Dated Horse Guards, April 3. The Field-Marshal Commanding.inaChief has much gratification in publishing to the arm3 the commands of the Queen for the promotion of Lieutenant-General Sir George Brown, G.C.B., to the rank of General (the commission to bear date the 7th of September last), for his distinguished services with the army in the Crimea, and while commanding the troops employed in the successful operations against Kertch. By command of the Right Hon. Field-Mars-hal Vicount Hardingee, Commanding-us-Chief G. A. WfETHERALL, Adjutant-General. BREVET. Lieutenant-General Sir George Brown, G.C.B., to be pro- moted to be General in the army, for distinguished service' in the field. WAR DEPART3MET. Royal Reglment of Horse Guards.-Thc sumame of the Cornet ap pointed, by purchase, on the 25th wlt., is "Beunet and not "Bea nett." as previously Etated. 4th Dragoon Guards.-Cornet T. C. Gillespie to be Lieut., by purchase, vice the Hon. ML F. Deane, who retires. 4th light Dra4oons.-Capt. William Jacob Bit, from the Royal Glamaorraa Light Infantry XMiiltia, to be comet, isithout purchase. F Grenadier Regiment of Foot Guards.-Edward Smith Bridges, gent. tobeEignand Lieut., by purchase," vice the Earl of Carriclk, pro- Ist Foot-Lieut. Thomas ERowland to be Capt., without purehase, Tice Turmer, deceased ; Ensign IL L, Roberts to beLieut., without purchase, vice Rowland: Ensign Joha Stansfeld. from the 6th West York Militia, to be Ensign. without purchase, vice Roberts. 7th Foot -Carteret Houstoun Rempeon. gent., to be Ecsign. by purchase, vice Cocks, promoted; Lient. Douglas Flood, from the Wexford 31iltia, to be Ensign, without purchase; Sergeant Thomas Murphy to be Quartermaster. vice Scott, appointed Paymaster. 10th Foot.-Lieut. J. W. Medhurst to be Capt., without purchase,. vice Brevet-M1ajor John Cassidy etool. whoretires upon fulpay. Ensign C. A. Armstrt.ng to be Lieut., without purchase, vice xMedhurst. 16th Foot.-Iteut. Thomas C. Higginsou to be Paymaster, vioe Kirl; who has retired by t-he sale of a Lieutenancyin 96th Foot. 10thFoot.-LieutP Robert H. Hackett, from tbo xing's Comity Rtegiment of Militia, to be Ensign, without purchase. 20th Foot.-Seond-Lieut. Frederick Mlanselc from the Hampshire Artillery Militia, to be lnsign, without purchase. 25th Foc'.-Charles Edward Hill, gent., to be Ensign. by purchase, vice Hlanson. promoted. 27t£ Foot.-Capt. Richard Freer, from the 60th Foot, to be Capt, vice Pnelips, who exchanges. 30th Foot. The commissions of the undermentioned ofricers to be antedated as follows:- Capt. C. J. C. Sillery. to the 9th of Septembe_, 855. Lieut. T. Elvyn, to the 9th of September, 18i5. Lieut. R. 0. Caampbell, to the 25th of September, 1855. 3Lieut. C. Fi FstzGibbon, to the 25th of Jauuary, 1856. 32d Foot.-Assist.-Surg. George Evans, from the 64th Foot. to be Assist.-Surg., vice Moorhead. promoted inthe29th Foot, 41stFoot.-The promotions of Lieut. FitzRoy and Ensign Donelan. and the a3pointmentas Ensign of First Lient. Elisonn firom the Kent Artillery Militia, to bear date the 25th, and not the 7th, of March, as previouslystated. 46th Foot.-The appointment of Quartermaster-Serg. John Dwyer to be Ensign and Adt. to beardatethe225th, andnotthe 7th, of March, as previotusly stated. 51stFoot.-Lieut. H. R. Da Anyers Willis to be Capt by purchae, vice Drought, who retires ; Ensign M B. Lewin to beiYeut., by purchase, vice Willis; Henry Chambers, gent., tobe Ensign, bypurchase, vice Lenin,. 60th Foot.-Capt. WslLiam Douglas Pnelps, from the 27th Foot. to be Capt., vice Freer, who exchanges. 64th Foot.-Assist.-Surg. Edward Lewis Lundy, from the 79th Foot. to be Assist.-Surg., vice Evans, appointed to the 32d Foot. 76th Foot.-Capt. Thomas Bythesea Mortimer, from half-pay nnattached, tobe Capt, vice Brevet-Major IL D. Smart, who exchanges. 79thFoot.-Lieut. Jame BedltobeCapt., bypurchase, vice Freme, who retires; Ensign T. R. Hoawkins to be Lieut., by purchase, vice Bell; James .Uurray Thomas Simpson, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Howkins. 94th Foot.-The commission of Assist.-Surg. Joseph Watts to be antedated April 5,1855. %-th Foot.-Spencer Lynne, gent., to be Eunign, by purchase, vice Rawlins, promoted. 97th Foot.-Licut. Robert George Macdonald, from the Royal Canadian Rifle Regiment, to be Lieut.,vice Armstrong, who exchanges. 1st West IndiaRvegiment.-Acting Assist.-Surg. James Kelly to be Assist.-Surg. Royal Canadiau Rifde Regiment.-Lieut. John Fellows Armstrong, from the 97th Foot, to be Lieut., -ire MNacdonald. who exchange3s Serg. Joseph Harlmess to be Quarternmaster, vice Baxter, who retires upon half-pay. Royal Malta Fenaible Regiment.-Ensign James Larzarini tobe Eieut., vith local and temporary rank, vice Metrovich, deceased; Fredericl Sedley, gent., to be Ensign, with local and temporary rank, vicoe Lararini TURKISH CONTINGENT. George Montgomerie Davidson, Esq.. to be Paymaster. William George Proctor, Esq., to be Payimaster. BRITISH ITALIAN LEGION. The appointment of Lieut.-CoL W. L. Grant to the British Italian Legion to bear Slate 12th oi November, 1855, instead of 14thof December, l855, asprevicusly stated. 4th Regiment. Ensign Hermy John Hunter, irom the 2d Regt., to be Iieut. The appointments of the undermentioned officers to bear the following dates, instead of those which have already appeared in the " Gazette":- 1st Regiment. Sir Coutts Lindsay. Bart . to W' Lieut.-CoL-Jan. S. E. Parndisi to be Lieut.-Feb. 16. 2d Regiment. 7Eajor Chevalier B. C. d'OLavala, from the 4th Regiment, to be Mlajor-Feb. 6. P. Danieli tobe Lieut.-Janm 2. T. Bergamini to be Lieut.-Dec. 4,1855. F. Aaghera to be Lieut.-Feb. 16. L. Livro' to be Ensign-DeS 6,1855. 3d Regiment. C. Crowther to be Ensign-Feb. 16. HOSPITAL STAFF. To be AsSssrAr.,T-SuRGEoNS. Amsist.-Snrg. Robert Speedy, from the lst West India Regiment, vice Cu'en, appointed to the 4th Light Dragoons. BREVET. Brevet-Major John Cassidy Stock, retired fu pay 10th Foot, to be Lieut-Col. m the army, the rank being honorary only. The undermentioned Quartermaster, retired upon halfpay, to have the honorary rank of Captain, under the Royal warrant of the 17th of December:- Quartermaster Jamies Baxter, half-pay Royal Canadian Rifle Regi ment. The undermentioned officers to have local rank in Turkey, while senring with the Land Transport Corps of the Turkish Contingent, as follows:- To have the local ran] of CtPTAix. ,icut. Man I Licut. Serjeant. To have the local rank of LEuTENAixr. Quartermaster Man, vice Man, promoted. Quartermaster Medley, vice Serjeant, promoted. COI'D7ISSIONS Signed by the QUEEs;. Northumberland Regiment of 1iilitia.-Herman Ernest Calton, late Captain of the 50th Regiment, to be Adjutant, viceBrowne, promoted. 3By the LORuc-LrzEUsa.nsa- of the Coumty of 3MDDLES' 5th, or Royal Eithorne Light Infantry Regiment of Middleser 3iltia.-Charles Harrington larris. gent., to be Ensign, vice Mayou, resigned. By the LonD-LiEuN-s<Arsr of the Coumty of NoitTaAarmor, Northamptonshire Mlitit.-Willim MAlexander Barr, Req., A.D., to be Surgeon, vice Molloy, deceased. By the LoroI-LEuTs;Ars-rT of tho County of IacErs I.eicestershire Militia.-WVilliai Uniwmin gent., to beAssist.-Surg; John Henry Bryan, gent., to be Ensign. By the LoP.D-Lxzuiws.r.T of the Townt ILHAscLr. Queen's Own Light Infantry ltegiment of Tower Hamlets Militia.- Ensign Edmward Lawson Thomupson to be Lienit., vice Peat, appointed to the 30th Foot. [The following appointmeit is substituted for that which appeared in the " Gazette" of Fridl-y, the 14th of March last:-) By the Lonm-LixUTESNAT of the TolaEB HIA FVLrs Queen's Ovn Light Infantry Regiment of Tower Hamlets MilitiaWalter Ormerod Beales, gent., to be Ensign. [The folowing appointment is substituted for that which appeared in the " Gazette" of Eriday, tho 14th of MIarch last:-] By the LoD-LisuTarES,;-r of the County of NosRrnxarcnrsD. Northumberland Regiment of Mlilitia.-Herman Erest Galton, Adjutant, to have the ranik of Captain. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. Naylor3, Conroy and Co, Valparniso and elsewhere, merchants: as far as retards J s. Jaclkson.-Naylor, Brothers, and Co Rio de Janeiro, merchants; asfar as regards J. B. Foster.-T. anA W. T. Bassett, Oxford-street, upholsterers.-tidge and Co.. Aldermaubury. warehousemen.-Dixon Brothers, Leeds, dyes-J. Haldano and J. WVhmite, Wakefield. maltater.-Bler and Burtt, York, drapere-J Ledge and J. Hf. Gairell. Ipowvich, silk mercers.-Oanoud and Clark, Bath! grocers.-Barurn s Brothers, New ton H eath, Ivanca,hire, leath er lac rscxV Squire and W. B. Pain, ih-street, Ca,mden-town, pork butchers.-Wv. Bush and 3. Ba-xrfield, Jam es-street, Wal vorth, manufacturing ehymista.-J. Hopk;ins and J. :Evans, (7ligwell achooimasters.-Bcddome andTaylor. Romsoy, surgeons.-B. and W Bright,t Maiaden and llcybridg,Fl.sEsex. soap manufacturcr-3,J Smith and boos, Mlarsh, Yorkshira, cloth dressera.-Guy and Powell, KCing's-rowr. Bethnal-green. surgical instrument maXces.,-J. Edvwads and WY. S:ugleton. WYoodh ouse-miLL. and at H:udderafield, wooDen manufacturersa-Guttnaun Brothers, Sheffield, je wdlerd.-B 0. Sharp and C. Hale, Berkeley-square, bookseUers-Smnth nd Rd sbaw, Newcastlc-npon-Tyuc, engravers.-'usrue, Twiddy. and Co., H igh-street, Southwark, cheesemougers; as far aregards B. Purdue. -4Nrinnell and Co., Liverpool and elsewhere, manfacrers of airproof fabrics.-Thomas and Joseph, Cardiff and elsewhere, coal merchants.-Hyndo and Lawson, Lirerpool, commission merchants.-Dixon and Co., Sutton, Lancadire, gln bottle manufacturers.-T. and S. Lovett, Ansty, Leicestershire, manufacturers of fancyhoslery.-KnowlesandCo., Brimington, Derbyghire, ironfounders.-Samson and Davenport, Sheffield, sdrer platera-J Edwards and J. Langdon, Bampton, -Devonshire, surgeons.-W. Anderson and L. Allern tanchester, fdnge manufactumers-W.Pollitt andJ.Eastwood. BLackburn, manufacturers of patent churns.-C. Smith and J. Jewers, Birchin-lane. Cornhill, engraves-Sturdy and Pickop, Blac1kburn, attorneys.-Keymer an!d Enoch, Bishop's-place, Brompton, booksellers.-R-uasay and Tindall, Oldbury, Worcestershire, brickmakers.-Rawlinson and Shaw, Broughton, in Farnese, Lanceshire, cement makera-F, Mooney and S. Ebrall, licensedvictuallers.-J. Purnett and W. Thompson, eewcastle-upon-Tyne, engineer&-)Knight and HathawNay. Odiam, Hfampshire, witchmakers.-R. Hodges and I. Leach Roehford, Essex, surgeons.-Humble and Bennett, Leeds, alranized iron merchants.-W. Clark and A. W. Makinson, New Palace-yard, cvil engineers.-S. S. IL Horman-Pisher and S. L. Fox, Old Broad-street, stockbrokera-J. IL Law and N. Gould, Manchester, attorneys.-J. Smith and Sons, Lecds and Bradford, tailors-E. and S. Watidns and W. and J. Langworthy, Brighton, Berlin wool workers. -J. and F. Hogg, St. Jaines's-street, Westminster, tailors.-Dayies and Son. Lamb's Condnit-street, si'k mercera-Darby and Dawes, Rowley Regis, Staffordshire, moalwasters.-Bryon, Prit4 and Co., Gloceter, taiors.-Haigh. Brothers, Halifax, Yorkshe, merch-nt&LJ. and G. Dearden, Barnsley, ironfounders.-J. Riley, T. Fleet, and G. Newey, Westbromwicb, 'Staffordshire; ag far as regards J. Riley.- J. Mlatthews and W. Laurence, Cheltenham, anctioneems-J. T. Simnett and A. Princea Stockport, cottou waste dealers.-T. Gibion and Sons, Liverpool silk mercers; as far as regards W. T. Gibson.- Rattray, Whitfield, and Co., Micholas-lane, general merchants.-West and Co., Sheffield and Rotherham, coachmnakers.-J. Poulson and O., Roe-mill, near Newtoamlmavadly, whisky distlalers, DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDENDS. J. Okell, Unioni-court, Old Broad-street, merchant-fret dlv. of 1DA, on the separate estate, on Thursday, April 10. and two subsequent Thuradaya at AMr. Stansfeld's, llasinghall-street. I& C. lcrt6let, Union-ceourt, Old Broad,.1-reei, meoroht-first diT of IL 1., on Thursday. Aprl 10, and twD subs-lnent Thurayz,Y at Mr. Stansfeld's, Bah l1 tt, H. .Brdges. Wan worthroad, and Stow karket, Suff1o'k bewrer -firt di. of &1- on Thury, April 10, and two subsequent Thura. d at 31r. Staueld's, Baighaliutreat. P. Whessoo, lohborougb, Leicestershire. bleacher-irst dir. of 8&,, on Monday, April 7. and twoasubsequent M3ondays, atMr. Harra's, Nottingha- J. G. Hopkinsonl, Noittiam, beerhoueekeepcr-Mnrt dir, of 7E on Mlonudhay,n Apri 7, sol hro susequent Monxdays, at llr. IApril J.W. Taylor, Kottingh5il bosier-firS dir. of la. on Moisiay, A pril 7, and two subseuent Mondas, at MEr. ta's, Nottinrp-m. J. Scott, Nottingam. grcmer-st div r, oIs 4L, on Ronday, April 1. and two subsequent Mo0ndas, *t Mr. aris's, Nottingham, SAIT)MUFIS. John Edwards, Southampton, watchmaker, to surrender April If, at half-past 12 o'clock. ayr 15. at 1, at the Bankrupts' Court : solictors 31r. Paterson. BoDuerie-atreet; and Mr. Mackey. Southampton; official asmgnee, Mr. Bell, Coleman-street-buildings. AlfredLanford. LSewes, Sc3sex, brewrer. April 17, at11 oclock. May 19, at , at the Bankrupts' Court: solictors, Mess IAurance, Plew, and Co.. Old Jewycmauberr; oficial aszinee, Mr. Jobhon, Basinghall-sbeet. Charles Goiger, Winchester. draper. Aprill315, May16. at 2 'clocdk, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, M1r. Godwmin. Essex-sltreet; and Messrs. Edwrards and Godwin, Winchester; official asignee, M1r. Slanafead. Thomas Kennard, Broosby-treel, LiveMroo-xoa4 loingon, and Northampton-place, New North-road, baker. April 15. at 11 o'clock, May 14, at 1. atthe Bankrupt&' Court: solicitor, Mr. Weighturan, Basinghail-street; official assignee, Mr. Streld. Wiliam Walton,Richmonid. Surrey. grooer. April2 May23. at balf-past 11 o'clock. at the Bankrupts Court : solicitor lMr. Wreford, Charles-street, St. Jamee's; official asinee, Mr. Peunell, Gulidhallchambor Basiughall-street. DaviddArtett, South-street. Chelsea, baker. April 9, at haf-past I o'cock. -May 2L at 11, at the Bankrupts' Court: solcitors Me6r3s. Willoughby. Cox. and Lord, Clifford's-inn; oficiadl assignee, Mr. Pennell. Guildhall-chambers, Basinghiall-street. Mallard Ingram, Rugeley, Staffordshire, ironimonger. April 19, 3May 10 at 11 o'clock. at the Birmiingham District Court of Bsan}ruptcy: sol5ictors, Mr. Crabb, }ugeley: and Mr. James. Birminghiam; offical assignee, Mr. Whitmore. Birmingham. Benjamin George Holton. Coventry licensed victualter, April 14. May 5, at hailf-past D o'clock, at the binninghiamn District Court of PBukruptcy: solicitors Mr. Baker, Cloak-lanee: and Messrs. Motte.au arid X:night, Birmingham; official assignee, Mr. Bittleston, Birmingham. RJoseph Spooner Taylor and Joseph Maxaden, Derby, ironfouilers, April 15, 3ay6, at half-past 10 o'clock, at thelBirmlinghiamaDistrict Court of Bankuptcy. Nottingham: solicitors, Messr Vallacrk Derby and 3r. Heim. Derby: official assignee, Mr. Harris, Nottinghm William Crise, Glastonbury, Somersetsbire. auctioneer, April 15, Way20, at 11 o'clock, at the Bristol Distrct Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Mr. Bulleid, Glastonbury; and Messr Abbot and Lucas, Biristol; official assignee, 3Mr. Miler, BristoL John Grielith Goulstone, onighton, c adnorshira druggis, Aprill5, May20, at 12 o'clock. at the Bristol District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors,Messrs. WSiteWorse Brothers,Woperhmapton beand Merfc Brittan and Sons, Bristol; offial aeignee. Mr. Miller, BristoL GWorigeAugstos Voigp, Cheltenhath dealer in pialnofortes,l pril 15. May 29, at U1 o'cloct atthe Bristol District Court of Bankruptcy: oLic itor, Mr. P L k aod k 'Chet Snha u; official assige hA ra Bl-riso. wcteuo-ne Joseph SeviDle, Saford, cotton cloth r-nufacturer. April 16, Maya. at 12 o'ock, at the Mranchester District Courtof B rGs-uptcy:aso. huctorsi. essrs. Sale, Worthington, and Shilmn t, MancheSter; official assinee, Miar. Pott, Manchester. William Crat,homne, BislsopweaLnnouth, grecer. April1lS, atl o'clock May 21, ath1if f-if 11, at the NReweasile-upon-Tyne District Court ot Bank-rutcy: solicitor, Mr. Barker, Sunderlaud; officn asosignee, M r. Baker, Newvoastle-upon-Tyne. DIVIDESDS, April 25, T. Pegler, Hampton. grocer.-avpril 25. t. Jacktn, Loi. bard-s-treet, shipciener.-April 25. W. Bromeley, Gray's-Inn-squasre, Gral'-n, eleer.-April2 2T5M. Bi, Wot-paest Fixe-tsbryea hose. eamesrsAk, Clerkenw2e5 , B, oksel5er-ABprSl 25.nA. Wllia s taordWA r Hl-25A land, Duncan-'treet5 LLmanntreet, Whitechapel, and J. Scongall and PH Cherry, Australia, wholesale gr2Bers.-Lprile2m, F. White. Eoll, Surrey, and CheLsea, c rewer,-Aprrl25. J. Morga,G Preston, cand Cateshar, cottonspiner.-April 28, e f Gladstone, aenchester. general broi:er.-April 28, W. HI Miners, PlymoutA, grocer.-April , S. Aner. Bradford, Yorkshire, grocer. CERTnII(CTSTE to be grainted unlese Muse be s'nowto the oontrarY on the daLy of meetin. April 25, T. Johnson, Kensington Grave6-pits, NJtting-bIld, ictualser.-April 25, T. Marsom, South-place. Pinsbury, horse-dealer.- Auri25,WdBw - LHolt3slanDd, Dunecan-Cstreet, Loinsstreet, Whitechapel, wholesale groces-April 25, B. It Larence. Carshaniton, apothecary.-April 25. W. B. Itogerson, Iedcroses-snare, Crip?legate, mourningnsatbandomaluufacturer.-April 25. H. eoai, Guisdiford, eallaenter-April 30, JG BeyHos, late of Tottenham, crapedrser.- Aprild 0, G. atkins, Uxbridge, builder.-Apri 29. Ma rciger, 1ydney. Glxcestershire, draper.-.Apri's 29. W. Goulstono, Bedsmiuster. and Bristol, auctioneer.-AprIls 2S. J. Dyer, Deronport, buDlder.-April 29, S. Amer. Bradford, Yorkshire. grocer.-Mny5, J. audW. W .ds Mill. bridge. Yorkshire, snachine-makera---May 6. S. Jackson, Kildweiclr, Yorkshire, xnathtue-manker.-April 29. J. W. Gregory. Hlalifax, grocer. -April530,J. Ste$reneon, Hog.thorpe, Lincoinshbie. joIer.-Aprll 26, J.DeakIn,Sheh eld, jomner.-APril 26, J. Youlse, Sheffieldi, win-mo merehant-April 24,5S. Banes, Oldlbury, Worcestershire.-April 29, C. Humobhris, Femny Comypton, Warwrickshise, r-ictualler.-April 2S, 1Y. S. WYhite, H}andswrorth. Stasffordshire, chymist.-Apdll 26, T. Bramnih, Harbome, Staffordshire, corn-dealer. SCOTC SEQIIESTItAlION. F. XirLunann and Co., Gla.sgow., Bums-ribber warehousemen, April 15, at 2 o'clock;, at the Globe HLotel, Glasgowv. ThE COBN AVERAGES3. General Weekldy Aveage received inthe week ended March 29,185:-. The Average Pxice of.Brown orMumsorado Sug-ar, computed from the returns made in the week ending the 1st of ApriL exclusive of Customs' duties paid or payable thereonou the importation therem into Great Britain. F- d. Fomthberitishponeasionsin America .. 26 21 perw. From theauritius.. .. .. .. .. 26 7 lFromtheEastlndies . .. . .. 23 10, , 2G I The average price of the three fore*going de- acriptiouaofsugar, jony. computed asae ove suanexelusive of dutyr . G. 1 ..pny Hgsxt Brug xi Clerk; of the Grocers CompIauy. Grecers-baIrI April 4.
TO THBE BDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I am extremely surprised to see in Vi1e i,nes of this morning a letter from MIr. Hayward, in which he more than insinuates that I am the translator of 31. de Montalembert's work, and that any other translator is a novelty and a myth to him. In reply to this I beg your permission to state the following facts :-X. de Montalembert's work was originally published in two parts. I read the first part, and thought it deserving the attention of the English public, and proposed to MIr. Mlurray to have a translation made, which I offered to superintend through the press, and to add a few, as I thought, necessary notes. The work was accordingly undertaJ-en, and a good way advanced, when I received aletter, dated Feb. 8, from Mr. Hayward, zcith v7tomr I 7 ad no acquainfance, stating that he had heard that I was preparing a Xanslation of M1. de M1ontalembert's work, that'he was sure M. de Montalembert would hear with the greatest pleasure that he was to have so distinguished an ally and supporter, and offering to communicate to me a letter from the Count, explaining the very trying position in which he was placed by this publication. This letter, which began without the usual address, concluded very ceremoniously, by saying that the writer " remained, with the highest respect, Mr. 4J.'s most faithful and obedient servant, A. Hayward." To this very courteous letter I immediately returned the followving arnswer:- "West 2Molesey, Feb. 9. "Dear Sir,-In return to your letter, received this morning, I beg-leave to state that I am niot thc translator of L de Montalembert's work, though I recommended it to Mr. Murray, and offered to superintend it through the ress. But it is right to add that, though I have road de Montalembert's work [that *a Ucfi rst part, icihr was al that I thad then seen] with great interest, and in some points perfect assent, I am far from being an ally or supporter of all his positions, some of which I confess I do not very clearly understand. After this explanation of my personal views, I shaU be happy to receive from you any elucidation of the work, or of the author's position, that you may be pleased to giva me. " I have the honour to be, dear Sir, your faithful humnble servant, "J. W. CROKER." How, after this clear and unequivocal explanation, M1r. Hayward can affect to believe that I am the translatorIcannotconceive; in fact, I am so far from the possibility of being so that I never read the second, and somewhat larger, portion of the work till I read it in "H H. B.'s" translation, whose letter in yesterday's TimiesIfully confirm in every particular. In revising the translation, as I had promised Mr. Murray to do, I changed here and there a word or a phrase, bat never in any single instance vith an intentional alteration of the meaning, or any other desire than to improve the version and render it more clear and consonant with the tone andc spirit of the original. These, even if I have failed to mend the translation, would be but patwec inacic½, aiid of no real effect on the general character of the work. The instances which Mr. Hayward has produced as mistranslations appear to me wholly inadequate to support his charge, and I say so the more freely as, in most of them, I had no other share than in having refrained from making any change. lBut thereis one of somewhat more importance for which it happens that I am responsible, and which, as Mtr. Hayward takes particular notice of it, I think it worth while to explain. 3. de Montalembert had mentioned an old protest of the French Huguenots, caUed "Les Soupirs de la France eslave," and he ingeniously imagines, as a pendant to it, "Sonepirs de LVAnqleterre libre." This the translator rendered literaUly, "the sighs of enslaved France"-'the sighs of free England." This seemed to me obscure, not explaining what either nation was sighing for; and so I added the words "for liber6y' to the first title, and "for slavery" to the second. On this Mr. Hayward, as your readers have seen, accuses me of having gratuitously " altered the very title of the profestation alluded to, by the addition of 'for liberty,' that it may pair off with "the equally gratuitous addition ' for slavery."' Mr. Hayward has here got out of his depth, and knows nothing at aUl of what he is writing about; and T have even some doubt whether WE de Montalembeit knew as m2uch about it as I did, for my emendation did no more than supply his omission of the r eal tite of the work, which is Les Soutpirs de la France escCare qui aspire aprcs Ia LiberN. (See Barbier Dict. d.An., 17209.) So that my gratuitous and malicious interpolation was a mere restitution of the original title of the work, necessary to a perfectunderstnding of the pawssage, and so much in accordance with . de Montalembert's context that I hardly think he would have omitted it if he had consulted the original. As to ir. Hayward it is clear that he knows nothing at all about it. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, J.W CRRL Fh%, TY M U% , aprlJ.
cRIUP of the STATE of TEXAS.-Holders of this Scrip ouht to take measure to present it for rodemaptiee at CbngtonT. &, before the end of April, Parties rending scrip totbe utder.4gued by, the 10th ofApril WillbTav it forw-ardKi in proper form. -Gl.A. THOMSON aud Co.. 22,' Old Broad-street, L ndon. L) ROTSTANTASSOCIATION, established 18335 orleDfneof theE Potestant ratitutioxnsof the ]EmDire, ha' 'Chums and StateIL--Us theTSOcondIttailing .cfthi Bil s aed orWedne-iday, April 9th. it is important that a'Fllfll{Saganatthemeasure should be prt-zented by that day. FornsO peitin o th abvesubject. and a2airist the GrAnt to ~fayeoth andon he abec ofNunneries. may be hadl at the ottset, SI. Stran. London.JAMES LORtD. Chairman. AMS ANDERSON, Tragedhan.-Jamses Anderson -vbegsrepectfullySa inf,orm those mniaagcr3 wvho have honoured .bim by an applicatton i;or his services, that his arrangements for tho 'Iresent are complete,.and that hecan3notnegotiato other engagements till the month of May.-Ou Monday. M1r. Jamies Andersn apkears, in .conjunctiOfl with MIaE Elsworthy. at the Theatre Boys.l, BirmiangIiitt. in Othello. Othello. Mr. James Anderson; Desdeimon26 Miss Els. worthy. They visit Liverpoolon the2Istof ApsiiL ILii nniounced that Her Majest!qThcatr.willRE-PN early i Rlay. Ou3einsfraitetaeenfvebttnpera sand Iallet, and the best exertions uiseed to rinke the arrangementa 'worthy of thae occasion. The prospctuhs will shortllybe issued. The :subscribers and friends of Her Majesty's Theatre who feel an interest in the success of this great establishment. are respectfuoiy invited to forward early intiontion of their intentiun to subscribe. The season 'wfi consist of 130 nilghta, andi the prices will be as f-ollo :-Pit boxes, = 0to 50 guineas; gr-and tier, 10 t,. 20fdgnin,eas: one pair, 120 to 110 guifleas:. two pair. 75 to 200 iruinea3: vit stalls, 25 guineas. The box'cfficewill be opened on Monday. April?. -_ OYAL ITALLIAN OFERA-31r. GYE begs -L&; most respectfully to announce tint he will. during- the present zeason, give ths OPERA. at the ROYAL LYCEUM1 THEATRE, and treatl that hIs Irrngcment-, affected as they are by the late sudden asnd dreadful catastrophe. may mneet with the kind and indulgent cost. eidanstion of tao subscribers and the public, It has been Mir. Gyosz -chief aim to keep intact thie coznpany of great artintes which he had zilready engsged for the Royal Italian Opera. Cover,t-crtrlen, anld he 3isa succeeded in doing so. The engagements for the opera are r 11adame Grnu, M%Iadam~e Jenny NeL' hIdUe. Didile, 51dlle. Marai, X=adamo Tstidailco. and Madame Bosio ; Signor MNario, Signor ~'amnberIiIc [for a few nights only, previous to his departure for RiO Janeiro). SignicrGardoni, Signor Graziani. SlgnorLuchesi, SignorTsdlilartco, Signor I'olonini. Mons. Zelger. Signor SoldL Signor Mel. Herr :Formes Sigror Rtocconi, and Signor Lahlache. Director of the Music, -G,omposer. an,dConductor. Z-I.Co.ta. For thel)ivertis3ement:-~MdIle. Zeper. Mdlle.CoDmba. Mdlle. Emma. Mdtle,.Gens,t..Moosa. Desplace,anld !tluie Cerito. To the aibove ladles andI gentlemen Mr. Glye feels he -ought thus p-.iblicly to express hisi most grateful thanks, for they =Tae. one and. all, in the most. Idnd, the most unhesitating, and in 'the most generous manner madle modifications in their engagements for this year, both pecuniary and other. -without which it would have -been imnpcssible for him2 to have given an opera supported by such ,artzstre inso snall athe-stre. The following operasl wil be performed during: the season-viz,, Rigoletto. La Ga=3 alsdr-s, iltello. II Trova'tore. Matrinionio Segreto. 11 rBarbiere, I Puritanmi. Norma, Lucia, La SFavorita. Midelio. Don Giovanni. II Coote Ory. L'ELHier d'Aanowe Don 'arsle ucreza Doe 'a. ad Verdi!s new opera, La Traviata. The -orchestra and chonus wi Ibe suited to the size of the theatre and be -composed of the best perfiormers. Subscription.-As the accommodalion in the Lt-coon Theatre is necessarily very firnited. Mr. (lye would ireel gretly ri liged if th-eo ladles and gentlemen swishing to subscribe -would at once kindly signify their intention to him, in ordeor that hie xaay apportion the boxes and stalls with as ilttle delay as poible. Thxe Musrpinwl be for 40 nights, commencing on Tuesday. April 15, Boes £1 anid upwards ; Stalls, £15. Full particulars will be duly R URY-LA NE. - English Opera. - Under the M Nanagement of Mlessrs."J. H. Tully and( R Kingsbury.- :In cons.squeo-e of the unprece,dented furore created hy the provductirm of Verdi's granud opera IL TROVATAI1S;, or T'he Gipsy's Vengeanco. the opera will be repeated THIS EVENSING (Saturdlay, Apr'] 5). in sohich will appear Lucy Z.cutt. Slis Fanniy Iluddart. 3.lr. Henri Drayton. Mr. Augustus Braham, M[r. Durand, &-c, 'Xto conclude with THIE DAUGHTEP, OF TTIlE REGIMENT. :Maria, Misa Dyer; Tonio, Mr. S. Chamnpion ; Stilpizia, M1r. DuLrand. Recduced prices as ursimt-stnll 4s. ; dres&s circle, Is.:, first circle and 'pit. 2s,.: upper circle and amphitheatre, Is.; gallery, eel. Private ))axs, 1Oo- 6ll. XI Is.. andI St' 2s. T HEATRE ROYAL, HAYMAE.KET.-THIS --EVEN-INC. lSAturday).andthiewholeofnextw.eek.thenew~cnmedy, rItiH;EVIL GRFNTICS.Thenewballetpanitomime of EL GAMIPIUSRNI). -or Thie Mlexican Goldsceker. with new music by Edwan.u Fitzwilllamz and scenery by W. ColIlcitt. in which the renownetd Spanish Daincer, 'Seneca Perea Neon, with Manuel Pere,= anel a new and cmnplete -Company, of Spanis-h Dancers, will appear. IWith .E'ND MlE FIVE SHELLINGS. Mir. Gollghtly lhis onginal character),. Mr. Biickstone, Tro conclude with A DLUGHRT ER To MARRY. Rp OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. -T1 lIEVEIQNIG lSaturulay). THE CORSICA,'N BR(THPE:RS "lHE V'ICTOR VANQU IS HED : aiid A4 PRINCE FOR AN~ HOUR.. T'HEATRE ROYA-L, ADELPHI.-Moljire's jliitly I clebrated comiedy of Tartuffe for one night mosre: Tartuffe, "Jr. 13. 'Wets'ter-S2!d Xizbt of the Most Successrul Pantomlime evrpo -duceuL-THIS EVENIN~G, the popular comedy of TAROTvUFE.ra TXartuff'e, Mr. 11.'Webster; Elmire (on this particular occasion). Madame -Celeste. With the inlprse.lenitedlly stces-oid burlesque and comici Iyarntomime of JACK AN-\D THE 3BEAN' STALK: or. Harlequin ond Mo0ther Goose at Home Again. Jack andI Harlequin, Madame Celestes:Mother Goose andI Columbine. Miss Wy-ndhamn (as performed 'Ly comm-andl before Her Majesty and the Royal Family). Recovery ct Mr. Wrizght. who will reappear oin Monday nlext in a newr Adeiphi duama. cal'ed Like anod Unilike. Pritoctlal characters by Mr. 1B. 'Webster. Mr. Wright.anldMadame Celeste. THEATRE ROA,SADLER's-WELLS.- T THIS EVENN ternowned P'rof-'sor Anderson, the Great Wizardlof te Not,will appear, for positively this night only, dn hi-s celebratedchrte of Rob Roy. Last, nighit or PlanchFs best bsurlesque, THE NIIIE PRINCE. The eminent tragldienno, BIss-ZCushbman, will appear for positively four nights only. ~on Mondlay next. April 7., in her extrsordinary representation of Mecg M4errillesmi --the p.--'- romantic opera of GuyI Mannering. AlJ H. and M1rs. CHARLES DILLON Niil appear for 12Ili conw.eutlve nights at the Theatre Royal. Sadler's-seells, rmm. -ne'ic n; on 'dondlay April 21. A STLEY's EASTER. PHAILAN.- GREAT A SPfRIN`tS M83EfTING and NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE, in -whichithe extraordinary performances of 3Mr. William Cooke's new -stud of hi,lih-mettltc raoehorses andltrouipe of fearless jockeys rendler -the poirtrayal of this national sport a perfect picture of life-like reality. dies unlimos each eveninig actually risin- en masse, transported with breathless excitemuent at the varied 0al vivid scenes passing be-fore them: tozether with the Grand Spectacle;. Scenes in the Cilni: the Doubl:e Tight R-ope Aetistes; the New E.ns cinAt or the Postman's~ Knock; and other entertainments-every evening. (} HEAT NATIOAL STASDARTE-ATRE.~ Propieto, M. Jon Doglas,-Eragmenct of Miss Glyn. Mr. H, Mcstn. ndMss Rbeca Iaae-THS EVEN ING, the play of ISAPILI.A:- otThe Ftal Mrria e (uparalleled in histrionic ~ageatry) Sirn. M. H,Mis-san (f th Thetre oyal Sadner's. -weisi Isbela,Mis Gln issRebccafrncssvll asoappear in I TY of LoNDN THEATRE. -Opera and Spec0taele--TaIS EVEIDNG, the unrivalled Mdlle. fNau. i's the Syrn. as performed by her 4O0 cons~ecuitive nights. Mr. St. Albyn, 3fr. P. Corn). Mr. Bowler; Miss WVilliams. Double banld, Con-duel,er. Herr Meyer Lutz, POYAL -MARYLEBONE THIEATE-naetrmn:nt of the grentcsinelian, M1r. Charles Mlathes,friv nighits Qnly. commnencing on Mlonday. April 7; each evi-ning in twxo of his most popullar charaucters. Boxes, I2s. ; pit. is.:- gallery, td. : no ados .n- on thecse pricees. On M1onday, April 7, MNr. C:harles, Mathewsv in USED U7P ande THE, PRACTICAL 761 AN. On Tuesd.ay, April 8, SIr. Charles Mathews will appear in Take That Girl Aswa-y -aod also in Cool As a Cucumber. To conclude with LDst --30 000. Acting and Stage Manager- Mr. E. Stirling. DRURY-L.AN%E.-ENGLISII OPERA. O7r dec the Slanageract of Messrs. J. It. Tuipy and F. Kingsbury. TM 1-3 EVENING. If, TEOVATOIIE; or. The (tipsy's Vengeance. Char-aters ty Lucy M-cott, Miss F. Huddart: M r. hlenri Drayton, Mr. A. REaham. &e. To csr-gbslrwiith THE DAUGHTER OF THE REG1IMENT. THEATRE.1 ROYAL. HAYM 3ARKET. Undler the Management of Mr. Buckstone. THIlS EVEN-ING. THE E-VIL CENIUJS. 2Sy Mess.Vickstonc. Comp,ton; M1'IL~s- Itynold,-, Swanloorough,&e. After which. EL GASI1IUSINO: or. The Mexican Goldseeker. To be- f-slloswrd l~y LE2l)'ND E FIVE SHILLIANGS. To conclude with A DAUG ITER TO MAIIiY. PiFOAL P.PTNCE'SS THEATERE U7nder the M'uanag;nensstu,f Mr. Charles ICean. THIS-IIVENlNGviriIl Le presentedITHE COEIICAN BROTHERS. a-eiandl Lou~is de Frau~chi. by 31r. C. Kean. After which. THfE TOt 1.11 VA_NIl7I6I1ED. To conclude with A rIINCE FORA-N THEATRE ROYAL. ADELPHEL PrOpristir. M-r. 11. Webster; Dirertress,.Milame C'elesto. THIt EVENING will lbe presented TARTUFFE.. C'haracters by Ddsr. I.Welbster. C. Selby. Parselle. J. G. Shore. &Ec. ; Mladams Cutere Ms Lei;gh M1ura, MsMayKee-ley. Mis ats Kelly. &-c, TXo coulldert withi JACK AN6H BA TALKN.; or, llacicqoin mrd Sl-ither Gooze at lomie Again. ROYAL OLYMPIC rTHE.ATRE Lessee. Mlr. Alfred Wigan. THI-S EV-ENING witb presented STILL WATERS; RUN DEE.P. .John iLdnay r. lfred Wizan ; MNrs. flerter S;zerihold. Mirs. -Stirlin~g. To cescnelIdowith THE DISCRrET PRIINCESS. prince Zidxsroft, M1r. hiobr,on. Commence at half-pzast 7. THEATRE RoYA.L. SAI)LEI,S.V-WELLS. 'Under the M1anagemnent of M1r. George A. Webster. TIlTS EVN F-INII will be presented ROll RIJY, Rolh Roy. Professor Ander-ton: Daille NiC0t Jar-vie, Mr. 1Barrett: Dmigal. Mr. Swan Heirs. 31iss Heranud. After which, THE~ IN;vISIBLE PRINCE~or. luls-ji of Tranquil Delights. To be followed by a Grand Amazonian~ MalEel- T~oconclude withother Entertainments. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessees. M1esrs. Shepherd and cressick. TIlIS EVENING wHIl be presented HLOW WVE LIVE IN THlE 'WORLD OF LONDON. Charactersby Messrs. Shieuherd, C. A. Calvert, -.J. HI. Rickards. Widlicorab. &c. ; M1isses MarrioEt. I, sanders, L'C. Altec which. YTUFEI-ILk1AUEN; or The Lawyer's Legend. To conocludL w7ith COBBLER AND TA-IL-OR, ASTLEYk'S ROYAL ASIPPITHIIATRE. Lessee anidManager,3Mr.W. Cooke. TR'Is EVE-NIN G will: be presented THE ARAJB OFP THY. iDESERT AND HIS FAITHFYUL STEED. After which, the Scenes an the Circle, Ste. To conclude with THE GRAND sPltING MEETING A:ND STEEPLECHASE. TO CORRESPON'DENTS. 'Ou= readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., anld that 5jd. is the price of a copy with the imnps-caed stamp affixed. Under the amendedl regulations of the Post-Office (No. 630) The, Times is trausmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countrieis without an imprwe~d stamp. Mr. SVr I'ION'S letter can only be published as an advertise- ment. No notice can be taken of anosvnious conmmnications. Whatever is intended for insertion inst be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. 'We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. ATThe publication of TnE Traes commenced at 5 o'clock yesteriay mo-ring, and finished at a quarter to 10.
LG2TDOY, SATURDAY, APRIL 5, ISM. In the House of Lords yesterday, on the motion for going into Committee on the Agricultural :;tatistics Bill, Tlhe Earl of DERBY stated the objections he felt to some of its pro -isions; they were generally those he had expressed when the measure vwas introduced. 7is chief objection wvas to the employment of the Poor Lavr Board as the machinery by which the returns under the act were to be obtained. There -was already considerable prejudice against the bill, mnd its details should be calculated to diminish it; but no machinery that could be emploved for the purpose wonld be so little satisfactory as the Poor Law Board. He suggested that in the first clause the Board of Trade should be substituted, and that it should employ the courts -of petty sessions throughout the country to col- ect the information required. The date on which -the return of acreage is to be made should be ex*rde4 frQ the 1st of June to the st of July; and there ought to be some distinct provision as to how and when the information collected is to bo returned to the farmers for their guidance. He thought, also, thatthe number of columns to be filled up was greater than necessary, and that some simplification of the form of return was advisable. Lord STArNLEY of ATDERLEY defended the employment of the PoorLaw Board. It had been already partially and successfully tried. The local boards were formed of the principal occupiers in each district, and there was the advantage of the Central Board already existing in London. Between the Government and the clerks and magistrates of petty sessions thero was no direct communication; he did not think the separation into columns of the various kinds of green crops would, in practice, preEent any difficulty. The Earl of HARDwICKE thought the measure likely to prove useless, unless the Poor Law Board had the power of entering the farmers' grounds and making an actual survey. Earl GREY considered the bill an experimental measure, which the Government should be left to carry out in the best manner it could; on the whole, the machinery employed appeared the most convenient. The Earl of MAsrIALsnBUY pointed out that the machinery by which the Scotch returns were obtained was voluntary; they might obtain she acreage under cultivation in June, but it would be almost impossible to ascertain the yield. The Earl of ELLENDOROUGH agreed in the objections made to the employment of the Poor Lawr Board, as it was very unpopular. The House then went into committee. The Earl of DErBY moved an amendment on the first clause, substituting the Board of Trade for the Poor Law Commissioners. The Committee divided; the amendment was negatived by 18 to 13, and the clause as it stood in the bill agreed to. The several clauses wvere then agreed to, with some unopposed aniendments, and the House adjourned. In the House of Commons, on the motion that the Rouse at its rising do adjourn till Monday, Mr. HILDYAPD inquired whether the attention of the Government had been directed to the case of a ,irl named Evi.Ns, who had been decoyed to Hamburg, the circumstances of which had been investigated by Alderman Sir R. CARDEli, and whether the law of this country could not check, if not put an end to, a practice so disgraceful to a Christian country. Sir G. GREY replied that the attention of the Government had been directed to the case; that a letter had been received from Colonel HODGES, the British Constul at Hamburg, from which it seemed that an extensive traffic of this kind had been going on between London and Hamburg; and that he (Sir GEORGE.) was acquiring information that wvould enable the Government to take measures for putting it down. A question put by Mr. W. WnLLTaus to Sir B. Iu- r, as to the means he intended to adopt to remove the difficulty caused by conflicting opinions respecting the provisions in the Mletropolis Local DManagement Act as regarded the election of parish officers, gave rise to a conversation, in which Sir B. HAi, MIr. T. DUNCOmBE, the ArroR1EY-GmENRAL, and lhIr. WILKINSON participated, the result of whiclh was that the Government declined to mnake any further attempt to solve the clifficulty. Lord GODER.ICH inquired whether a document which had recently appeared, purporting to be a despatch by the British Minister at Washington to the Secretary of State of the United States, Onl the 27th of February last, with reference to the dispute between this coiinthy and the United States on the subject of Central America, was authentic. Mr. GLAMSToN-, -with reference particularly to the Central American question, called the attention of the House to the position in which it was placed. The House had been told by Lord P-I.iERsTON in Febrtary that the time had arrived when the papers relating to this dispute could be and should be produced; y-et this had not been done, and there was no definite prospect of the papers being produced. These important documents, he contended, ought not to be delayed from month to month because the persons in the Foreign-office were occupied with other matters. Either the papers ought to be produced, or the House ought to understand from the Govermnent that tne subject had not passed fromn their hands; that there had been no timahlum as to the Central American question, but that it might still be brought to a termination. It was believed that a Minister from America had arrived with powvers and instructions that would enable him to deal with this question in a friendly spirit. WVhat he wanted to know was whether the Goveiinment had done wvith the question; if so, the House ought to be put in immediate possession of the papers. Lord PALMERSTON observed that MIr. GLADSTO-NE must know the organization of the Foreign-office, wvhich was not calculated to deal with a great and an extraordinary pressure of business. Very important and clifficuilt negotiations had been carried oni, in wvlich the Foreign-office was engaged, and there had been an urgent call for the production of the papers relating to the capitulation of Kars, which required great labour and attention. The papers regarding the American question were nearly completed, and in the course of a few days they would be laid before the House. In the meantime he declined entering' into a discussion upon the subject. W?\ith respect to the letter alluded to by Lord GODERICH, from Mr. Cr.A3rPTON to Mr. 1IARC, recently published, be believed it was a correct copy of the communication, including the despatch of Lord CLARENDON; but it must be obvious, he remarked, that no inconivenience to the public service could have arisen from the accidental delay of the communication by Mr. CRAMPTON, since it would have informed Mr. MuAicv only what had been already cominunicated to him by Mlr. BueniNA-x. MIr. PARK inquired whether the report of Sir J. M'NEL and Colonel TuviLocr, relating to the Commissariat in the CLimea, would be matter of investigation by the Board of General Officers, or whether they would merely inquire into charges detrimental to the character of certain officers. Lord PAL3ERSTO-N, understanding the question to be whether officers of the Conmmissariat would have the same oppoitunity of explaining their conduct as other officers, answered-Unquestionably, yes. The motion for adjournment was then agreed to. On the order for going into a Committee of Supply, Sir J. GRAH\AM, premisinig that he would gladly have avoidedthe revival of the controversy between Sir CHARLES ENAmPDE and himself, adverted to a letter, signed by Sir CnAnLP.S, which had appeared in this journal on the 15th of March, and which, he said, directly impeached his (Sir JAES's) veracity, as well as that of Sir M. BERKE=y, with reference to certain alle gations, incidentally made by them in the debate on the proceedings in the Baltic, relating to the conduct of Sir C. NAPiEm in the naval operations at Acre. Those allegations Sir CHAnrm in his letter had asserted, and pledged his honour to the assertion, were neither true nor contained a shadow of truth. He joined issue, Sir JA.NEs said, with the gallant admiral ; and he then proceeded to readthe allegations and statements in support of them furnished by eye-witnesses of the transaction, expressing, in conclusion, a hope that the House would acquit him of the grave charge preferred against him. Sir C. NArnpr declared he had sufficient evidence in his possession to show that the allegations were totally without foundation. He detailed very circumstantially the operations at Acre and his own conduct therein, which he justified, and read strong testimonies in his behalf, including an express disclaimer by the late Sir ROEERT STopropD, the commnander-in-Chief at Acre, of any censure upon his conduct in the attack upon that place. He urged the inconsistency of Sir J. GitAH&N and Sir M. BERrdtBEY in placing him in the coimmand of the Baltic fleet if they knew he was unfit to command a single ship. He considered that he had been the object of a vile conspiracy, which that House ought to put down. Sir M. BERBELEY thought that the House must allow that the evidenc3 brou, ,ht forward by Sir J. GBi Az. had proved that what had been stated by Sir JArsES and by hiimself contained more than a shadow of truth; that it had corroborated everything they had stated. He had put fall and complete confidence in Sir CHALEs'S professional character when he recommended him for the command of the Baltic fleet, believing, alt'hougl his conduct at Acre evinced an error in judgment, that one such act should not do away with-his high chvracter. Ir. W. S. INDsAY considered that Sir C. NAP had given a most triumphant answer to the charges against him. Mr. M531rNs was likewise of opinion that Sir CnAxL7S had come most triumphantly out of a question which concerned his courage as well as his judgnment, and thought the discussion showed the gross impropriety of those who had brought the subject iito debate. He recommended that the matter should now be at rest, that angry feelings should subside, and that the three parties in the controversy should shake hands. Mr. RoxBucn thought Sir J. GasHrA had committed an error in making these charges against Sir C. NAPrER, and that the latter had been indiscreet in writing the letter to The Times. But these were miserable things. he said, for the House of Commons to meddle with. DMr. CowrEn insisted that Sir J. GRAxnA had thoroughly vindicated himself, and that Sir C. NAPIER had not brought forward one atom of justification of his charge against the Admiralty of unfair dealing. Admiral Wncomr condemned the unnecessary extension and exasperation of this controversy by the introduction of the Acre affair, 16 years old. The House then went into Committee of Supply on the remaining Civil Service Estimates, including those for education, science, and art, one of whichthat for public education in Ireland-provoked a discussion of some interest, and the Committee divided upon two successive motions by Mr. W. WsmAms and Mr. MOWVBRAY to reduce the vote, both of which were negatived by large majorities. The Clhairman was ordered to report progress, and ask leave to sit again. The Joint Stock ComDanies Bill was committed pro fJnrm, in order to undergo certain amendments. The Public Works Bill and the Public Works (Ireland) Bill were read a second time. The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Bill was committed PMo ftonma. Mr. DnASY, in moving for a series of returns relating to purchases made in the Enciunbered E s.ates Court in Ireland by the late Jon SADLIR, said there was a strong impression in Ireland that the Court had dealt with SAnnam in an entirely different manner from otherpersons, as an influential member of the House and a good customer of the Court, giving him undue advantages in the purchase of estates; and his object was to test the validity of this impression. The motion was seconded by Colonel DuN-'E. Mfr. HoRsia said the ATroNxEY-GExERAL for IREL.MND was absent, and pressed Mr. DEAsy to withdraw his motion forthe present. The motion, being pressed, was agreed to. The House adjourned, at half-past 12. o'clock, until MIonday.
WVe are at last furnislhed with the particulars of the annexation of Oude, and learn that this great event has passed off, as yet, without tumiult and without bloodshed. Lindeed, in India the extinction of the dynasty and the absorption of the kingdom seem to have produced very little effect, the only wonder being how a state of things so dangerous and so discreditable to our Government should have endured so long. There has been a movement of troops, a terrified fluttering among the Royal eunuchs and parasites, an abject submission, a scramble among the civil service for places, and all is over, and order, in the person of General OUTRA-M, reigns in the streets of Lucknow. It is the talk of a few days, the public attention wanders to other themes, and people begin to speculate whether the rainy season will bring a renewal of the Santal insiurection, and how long we shall tolerate in Hyderabad the same state of anarchy and confusion which we have just so vigorously repressed in Oude. Not such, however, will be the reception of this intelligenice by the so-called friends of India resident in this country. To these gentlemen the Asiatic character, with all its weaknesses and defects, has been an object first of stucly, then of interest, then of unbounded and undiscriminating affection. They have broughlt themselves to undervalue everytlhing ]Snglish, as much as they overrate everytlhing Indian. History is, indeed, little wortlh consulting if we do not feel authorized to deduce from it that no Asiatic race has ever yet been able to produce for any lengthened period of time-even its own favoiuite government-despotism in an endurable shape. Nothing can be more frightful than the anarchly and bloodshed from wlich the English conquest delivered India, and where the arms of England have not penetrated that anarchy and bloodshed still exist. Oude and Hyderabad are, in part, that which the whole peninsula was a hundred years ago. The reigns of its most prosperous Sovereigns-of BA-BEn, AE-BA, and AuRiNGZEBEwere but a succession of conspiracies, rebellions, and civil wars, and the English power is the first under wlichl India has known repose even for the period of a single generation. Yet we doubt not that we shall hear to satiety panegyries on the deposed dynasty and furious invectives on the cruel and grasping race that has succeeded to it. We shall hear of a monarch joyous but sober, luxurious but refined, amiable amid his sternness, and magnificent in his very weakness, swaying a patriarchal sceptre over a happy people, embellishing his capital, improving his dominions, and earnilg the respect of his own subjects as well as foreigners by a demeanour dignified and courteouw, firm but conciliatory. Aroumd his thlrone, we shall be told, are ranged the native aristocracy, forming a species of feudal noblesse, governing each their own vassals, and animated by a spirit of martial pride and noble independence. Then, for the taxgatherers, how infinitely preferable is it for the natives to be fleeced by their own brethren than to fall unider the cruel hands of heaitless foreigners ! Then, -with what dismay must the Ryots contemplate the transfer of the property of the soil to the grasping dynasty of Leadenhall-street, whose hand is never drawn back from plundering, and whose heart is never accessible to pity or generosity ! Rajpootana will be represented as trembling through a hundred States at the absorption of the ancient and independent monarchy of Oude, and the domination of the Company as materially weakened in the eyes of all good men by this signal act of perfidy, of avarice, and of spoliation. We may as well make up our minds to this at once, for we are quite sure that the annexation of Oude will not be got over at a less I cost of invective and misrepresentation. There is but one more great native State to swallow up,that which now groans under the feeble sceptre of theof zar; and when that is done this outcry will die away for ever, for want of fresh food to support it, and people will wonder in years to come, when they read the history of these Indian Powers, that men well meaning and able could be found to resist, in the name of humanity and justice, this compulsory increase of territory and dominion. The proclamation of Iord DALHoussB furnishes what we trust, to minds not Hindooized, will appear a triumphant vindication of the conduct of the British Government. T'he case between them may be stated in a very few words. In 1801 the Government bound itself to establish such a system of administration, to be carried into effect by its own officers, as should be conducive to 1 the prosperity of its subjects, and calculated to insure the lives and properties of the inhabitants, and the British Government bound itself in the same treaty to protect the Sovereign of OUDE against every foreign and domestic enemy. Never was a treaty more faithfully observed on one side, more scandalously and faithlessly violated onx the other. No foreign enemyhas siice that datoplaced his foot on tlhe Boil of OudQ. Neithez lHImttas nor Pindareea have ever reached it, ancd our force has put down every revolt that misgovermment has provoked. On the other hand, the Royal race whose fate is sure to be so bitterly deplored has grossly and systematically violated the provisions of this treaty. The promised administration was, indeed, carried out by the officers of the KNG ; but it consisted in plunder and murder, comm'itted to an extent that made it impossible to distinguish between the emissaries of the lawful Government and the havoc committed by rebels and banditti. In vain Lord WIuIAm BENTIncK solemnly warned the Court of Oude that it was forcing on him the necessity of assuming the government of the country. In vain Lord 1ARDDTGE repeated the admonition; threats and warnings were disregarded, and the people of Oude, to use the words of Lord DALousm, " are still the victims of incom" petency, corruption, and tyranny, without remedy " or hope of relief." The collectors of the revenue plunder without remorse, the troops rob to obtain a subsistence, robbers by profession compete with them for the plunder, and amid these scenes of riot and bloodshed no man's life or property is safe for an hour. UInder these circumstances, the British Government had but one choice left to it,-either it must abandon the people of Oude, for whose safety it has become sponsor, to the unbridled license of those officers with whose exactions it had bound itself by the treaty to interfere, or it must declare the treaty forfeited for violation of its principal condition, and proceed to take into its own hands the government of a land which it has so long betrayed to its worst and most cruel enemies. Humanity, policy, aud justice, all pleaded for the latter choice, and Lord DA 0ousiE closes his career with becoming magnanimity, by saving, at whatever price of obloquy to himself, a nation which we have so long handed over to the extremities of barbarity and of avarice. The English Government has at length recognized its paramount duty and niission in India,-the duty and mission which consist, not in vain veneration for empty titles and violated treaties, but in that wider and more comprehensive justice which regards the Sovereigns of India as responsible before GOD and man for all the injustice they might have prevented and all the miserythey might have aiTested. We have no wish for a wild and indefinite extension of our dominion; but within that vast territory every drop of blood that is shed, every happy home that is desolated, lies heavy upon us as a national crime, which we are bound to the very utmost of oiur power to anticipate or to avenge. We have won the country by the sword, and,whatever be the flaw in our original title, we are bound to suffer within the limits of India no extortion at all, and no domination, except oiur own. We cannot give India freedom, but we can give her progress and material prosperity, and the foundation of that material prosperity is peace, -such peace as can only be had under the enlightened swvay of a strong and liberal Government.
If Sir JAmEs GRAHA3r and Sir CHAnLEsT\'ArIER continue their dispute until either one or other succeeds in persuading the public that he is absolutely in the right the controversy will, in aU probability, last as long as their lives. Last night, in the House of Conimons, there was a renewal of the old arg,ument, but this time at the instigation of the ex-First Lord of the Admiralty. It must not be supposed that we are any longer discussing the events of the Baltic campaign even of the year before last. The two adversaries are actually engaged in settling the merits of Sir CHAuxaEs NAPIEr'S conduct at the siege or bombardment of Acre in the year 1840 ! WVho cares about the decision upon such a point?' The question has passed into the domain of historians, antiquaries, and biographers. We scarcely see -why thle time of the House of Commons should be occupied in listening to the statements and counter-statements of two angry old gentlemen upon a matter of this kind. The only observation which we have to offer to our readers upon the natter is that the House of Commons is a most insuitable arena for the settlement of private quarrels. It is clear enough in this instance-to use a Parliamentary phrase-that there was " no " question before the House,"-no question, that is, in which the public interests were concerned, and in wlhich a decision of the House of Commons could carry weight one way or another. Everybody is perfectly aware that in the coLuse of a long life Sir JAMES GnTa,%mz has contrived to earn for hinself the reputation of a statesman. Everybody is also aware that Sir CHARLES NAmiER in the course of an equally long life has earned for himself the reputation of a seaman. Neither one nor the other was ever esteemed to be, as statesman or sailor, a man of the highest order, but each in a certain way has held his own during a career of long duration. Granted that Sir JAMESn GRAHAM has upon many an occasion given shrewd opportunities for his adversaries to impugn his political acts; granted also that Sir CH&RLEs NArurst has shown in his own person what a strange mixture of melit and demerit, of real courage and of idUe vapouring, a man may unite in his character, and yet be a somewhat distinguished man; still, why should we be troubled with their disputes ? If Sir CHARLES NAriER is constantly and carefuly to prepare cases against Sir JrmEs GRAHAM, and if Sir JAMES GRAHA.M is to be ever on the watch for an opportunity of attacking an adversary who gives such ample opportunity for attack as Sir CHARIEs NAPrIEn, and if the House of Comamons is to be made the arena for the decision of their disputes, Parliament had better abdicate all share in public business, for it is clear that the public interests will be postponed to the indulgence of private animosity. Sir JABmES GRAnum. and Sir CHARLES NAPs'm have had two field-days, and each has been permitted to damage the character of the other to the utmost limiits of possibility there let the matter rest.
It is now no secret that the termination of the Conferences has left much unsettled with regard to Turkey, its internal condition, and its relations to its late allies. We have before spoken of the Principalities and the order received by AALI PASHA to assent to no plan involving a foreign protectorate, and particularly to place a veto on any measure for uniting the two provinces into one State. It is reported, and is probably true, that, even at so late a period as last month, the scheme for placing an hereditary Sovereign on the throne of a united Roumania still had advocates, and, though it was at once rejected by the Plenipotentiaries, yet it was not the less seriously brought forward as one of a multitude of solutions. The question still remains undecided, and, according to the law of nations, the SuLTA has unlimited, or at least undefined, rights over the whole territory and population of the two provinces. By the war of 1853 all former treaties with Russia were abrogated. More than one of those treaties had defined the position of the Principalities. The suzerainty of the SurL=N-the administration by Hospodars, in the last instance chosen for a term of seven years-the protectorate of Russia-the restriction on the cntry of Turk-ish trbops, were all laid down in treaties commencing in the last century, and cominig dowNm to the modern dsya of 1812, 1829, and 1849. All ormnier c atosis wQre alboished by t d slocrunwnts s3 that it seems probable that, according to Gnorous andhis brother writers, the SuLrAs must, now that the treaties themselves are abrogated, resume his rights, "'pure and simple," with absolute authority. It is this important matter which still remains to be decided by the wisdom of Europe. The Pninci- I palities, as the debateable land of the East, with I a rich soil, the finest water-carriage in Europe, and a population unwarlike, and capable of being mnade industrious, is just the prize for which nilitary monarchies are likely to contend. MoldoWallachia is now freed from the Russian protectorate; it must shortly be withdrawn from Austrian occupation. What is then to follow is the problemi for statesmen to resolve. Together with the question of the Principalities the question of the Rayahs has been discussed at the Conferences. Iu this matter, as we have before stated, the PoRTE has been equally obstinate and equally successful. The edict of the SUnusa is not to be incorporated with the Treaty of Peace. He is not to be considered as answerable to any earthly althorityfor the due carrying out of a decree which a priesthood may tell him is contrary to the will of HEnvmr. No guarantee for future justice in the administration, for the future content of the population, will be given to the nations who were encouraged in a terrible conflict by the hope that peace would bring a cessation of all the wrongs and all the disorders which had brought down war on Europe. It will be seen, therefore, that the Western Powers have still some work before them. Among those triumphs which peace is said to have as well as war must be rank-ed in the present case the settlement of all the matters which have for half a century made up the Eastern question. War has, indeed, had its results; the battle of Inkermann and the storming of the AMalakhoff have given us the neutralization of a sea and the rectification of a frontier. But all that lies deeper and requires a statesman's care and foresight has yet to be done. The difficulties in store for politicians will be more fully appreciated by the public when they learn that the allied troops are at once to quit the East, and that no portion of the Turish territory is to be occupied by foreign armies under any pretext whatever. As soon as the ratifications of the treaty of peace are exchanged the vast hosts of the allies will begin to evacuate their positions. The French army will return home, it is said, by divisions of 20,000 strong. The troops of England, including the Foreign Legion, will leave the Crimea and Scutari with all the despatch which a large fleet of steam transports will give. Orders for the withdrawal of the Sardinian force have been already issued. The Austrian armies are to quit the Danubian Principalities. The presence of the Western forces in the East is now only a question of months. Such a war as this has, of course, caused the accumulation of immense stores of all kinds. The British army is said to be provided with food and necessaries for nearly a twelvemonth. All kinds of warlike material has been despatched to the Bosphorus, in expectation of a stoutly-contested campaign between immense armies in a country where everything must be provided beforehand. We have barracks, stabling, hutting in incalculable quantities. Even what must necessarily be left behind in camp will be a rich prize for the Russians who may first occupy the ground now so well known to Englishmen. The ports of Turkey are full of British vessels; the buildings which do duty for warehouses are overflowing with British property, intended for the use of the army. It may confidently be expected that the year 1857 will be far advanced before the last man and the last cargo of shells can pass the Dardanelles on their way homeiward. Nor can we think that any haste is necessary in completing the evacuation. WVe have accumulated large stores and assembled a great army for the defence of Turkey, and there is no reason that we should incur the expense of new transports and a greater employmnent of labour, in order to hurry back -with such speed as may gratify the desire of those whom we saved to be quickly rid of us. Let the retirement be decently effected by the means at the disposal of the authorities, and let us not abandon our privilege of employing a military and naval force in the country as long as there are stores to guard or transports to direct. Certainly, as long as Austria . etains her hold of the Principalities there should be a French and EMglish force on the Bosphorus. W"le were the first and most devoted allies of Tulrkey, and it is our duty, no less than ouir right, to hold our position until the last foreign soldiers, whether neutrals on the Danube-bi enemies in Armenia, have quitted the Turkish soiL England is peculiarly situated in one respect. More than 20,000 of the Turkish troops havebeen taken into her service, are commanded by English officers, and are under the orders of the English Commander-in-Chief. This body will soon leave the poinlt of R3ussian territory which it nlow occupies. An inportant question is, what is to become of what was the Turkish Contingent ? It seems to uis that England might well advise, or insist, that it should be perpetual, or at least exist for a time. The peculiar fitness of the British officer to command Orientals has been often proved. Not to speak of CLrvE or CooTr, we may take instances from the history of Turkey itself. More than half a century since an Englishman commanding a handful of MIussulmans on the ramparts of Acre caused the subsequent conqueror of Europe to exclaimn,."That " man has changed my destiny." The defence of Silistria and the defence of Kars iare fresh in the remembrance of every one. Nor has the Turkish Contingent itself failed to show. -during the short time that it has existed the capabilities of its officers and the spirit and obedience of its men. The perpetuation of this force under some other name seems a plan likely to benefit Turkey as much as it reflects credit on our own country. There is notlhing to prevent England from lending an efficient staff of officers to her ally; nor is there anything in the constitution of the Tuzrldsh State which could make such an arrangement injurious or derogatory.
. NEW LINE OF Sr asIRS FROar L=RP007,O-A. newv corany, under the title of the London Auxiliary Screw Shp Company lmited liability), -with a capital of *200,000t., in 10,000 shares of 201. each, is about to establish a line of steamers between Liverpool and the eastem, shores of the Mediterranean. The f-st vessel, the Aleepo, buiL by Messrs. Richardson and Co., of Stockton-upiN-Tees, vdll sail to-day. The Aleppo is a vessel of lS3 feetin lengt an 333 registered tonnage. Another and larger -iessel, theKBeyrout, will shotly be launched and -placed on the stafion. Several Grec,X merchants, both in liverjool, Man4kesier, and London, are largely interested in tb u new nnqrtaing. Should tbe speculation be successful, othiier stew, lines are likely to be carried out by the same company, TlxB MON-STm Gim.-Tbi~ huge piece of ordmance, which is being finisbed by the Messey Steel and Jron Company, Liverpool, is now comapleted, iwith the exception of the breeching-lcop and tri,;nions. Some idea of the asio of the gun may be gatherrdrom, the fact thats the wveight of the trunnions qu,T loop bindin thies to the gun willrcaoh twrotons aud a-half. 1j wiU] hsc at lest s,fq j iht bekfore it is n!Jgd
LATEST INTELLGKCE. (BY SMAINX AND BRITSH L )- THE PEACE. We have receivea the followiing telegmphic de"patch frolu ourParis cerrespondet _ "pABIS, FRIDAY, A-mm 4. "The allied Governments have sent ordem to raise all measures of blockade which kept Iu)ia commercial vessels in neut ral ports." We have received the M11oniteur of yesterday. - It does not contain any netws of interedt.
LA-rD THE ELEOTIO?XS. (MOiR OUR OWN CORSPNDT.1 1)UBLT.TN-^ WR.Ar.- rrecisely as was anticipated, Mlr. John Reynolds has set out on a fresh electioneering tour, and has this time turned his eyes to the borough of Athlone, with a view of obtaining possession of the seat vacated by the late Attorney-GeneraL Mfr. Reynolds, it is said, has been quite successful in his canvass, and, if he be fortunate to secure the patronage of Bishop Browne, there would be more than a fair chance of his re-entrance into Parliament. Upon his defeat in Dublin this very modest gentleman assured the public that the matter was of very minor consequence to him, as there were seven or eight constituencies waiting with open arms to receive him. A fair proportion of this number was put tothe test, and every one of the flatterers proved faithless. The Freeman of this mormnig announces that a formidable rival to Mr-. Reynolds, the " Sadleirite" candidate, is about to enter the lists in the person of Air. John Ennis, Governor of the Bank of Ireland, and chairman of the MTidland Great Western Railway. Mr. Ennis is enormously wealthy, has large landed property in the county of WFesimeath, is in politics a Whig, and in religion a Roman Catholic. :Re is, nevertheless, not very popular with the liberal party in Ireland. E1UUMBER ESTAESS COISSIOXN. A notice recently posted in the court, to the effect that no further postings for sales would be received after the 26th of June next naturally led parties to the belief that the days of the commission were numbered, and that all that remained to be done was to wind up the business in hand with all pos- sible speed. Such, however, is not the meaning of the notice, which was issued solely with a view of checking the accumulation of postings, so as to give time for clearing off some, at least, of the vast arrears That must tax the energies of the Court for a long time to come. Indeed, it is believed that without the addition of a single fresh petition, or the interpostion of any obstacle to the progress of the cases not yet finally adjudicated upon, the labours of the commissioners could not, by any amount of industry on their part, be satisfactorily concluded within a period of three years from the present date. Every day allotted for sales between this and the 31st of December next has been apportioned, and hence the necessity of a temporary check to the pressure of suitors. (BY ELEeTRIC TELEGRAPH.) DUE=l1, ,FRIDAY Evns-aG. THE NHEW SOLICTOR-GENELRA. it is announced this evening that the SolicitorGeneralship has been offered to Mr. Christian, Q.C., who, it is believed, will accept the offer. The learned gentleman is one of the first equity lawyers at the Irish bar, and no more popular appointment could be made. sERIOUS CON=CT. A telegraphic message from the south states that a serious conflict took place yesterday at Templemore races between the military and the peasantry. The origin of the riot was the rescue from arrest of a female pickpoc:et. Two soldiers are stated to have died this morning. The B3ridewell is full of prisoners.
COUBT CIRCULAR. The Queen held a Court and Privy Council at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon at Buckingham Palace. At the Court, Count Colloredo had an audience, and delivered to Her Majesty his letter of recall as Envoy Extraordimary andMinister Plenipotentiary from the Emiperor of Aunstria. The Hon. George Mffin Dallas had hiis first audience of the Queen, and presented his credentials as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary from the URiited States of America. Their Excellencies were respectively introduced by ViscountPalmerston, G.C.B., actingforthe Earl of Clarendon, the Queen's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Colonel Bagot, Her Majesty's Assistant Alaster of the Ceremonies. MIr. Christie, Her Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary to the Argentine Confederation, was presented to the Queen, at an aadience by Viscount Pahnerston, and took leave of Her Majesty. Mr. Wl'illiam H. Holmes, late Special Commissioner from British Guiana to the Paris Exhibition of 1855, was presented to the Queen at an audience by Secretary Sir George Grey, -when Ber Majesty was graciously pleased to confer the honour of knighthood upon hiim. The Privy Council was attended by his Royal Highness the Prince Consort; the Earl of Horrowby, Lord Privy Seal; the Marquis of Lansdowvne; Sir George Grey, Secretary of State for the Home Department ; Sir Charles Wood, First Lord of the Admiralty ; the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, President of the Board of Control for the Affairs of India ; the Right Hon. X. T. Baines, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster; Earl Spencer, Lord Steward; the Marquis of Breadalbane, lord Chamberlain; the Duke of Wellington, Masterofthe Horse; andthe2farquis of Abercorn, Groom of the Stoleto Prince Albert. Sir Laurence Peel was, by command of the Queen, swomn of Her Majesty's Most Hon. Privy Council. Her Majesty having been pleased to appoint the Right Hon. William Henry, Lord Leigh, to be Lord-Lieutenant of the county of Warwiclk, the oaths of office wfere administered to his Lordship. Mr. C. Greville was the Clerk of the Council :u Waiting. The Queen gave audiences to Viscount Pal1nerston andc Earl Spencer.- Iler Majesty was attended by the Earl of Mulgmve, Treasurer of the Household; Lord Ernest Bruce, Vice-Chainberlain; Lord Dufferin, Lord in Waiting; anld Colonel the Hon. A. N. Hood, Groom in Waiting. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited Her MaEiestv-. lis Royal Highness Prince Albert rode on horseback with the Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred attended by his Equerry in Waiting. Tlle Princesses of the Royal family took carriage drives. The dinner party in the evening included the 31arquis of Breadalbane, the Marquis of LansdoNvne, Lord Maedonald, General Barreiros (Portuguese service), Major-General *Wylde, and Colonel VetheralL The Queen's private band attended after dinner and played the Overture " Maritani " (Wallace}; Introduction, "Seasons" (Haydn); Duetto, "Colporteur- (Onslow); Canzonette, "La Festa " (Geraldy); and Mdarche Orientale (Vogel). Haer Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attended by L.ady Fanny Howvard, Baroness de Spaeth, andt Sir George. Couper, arrived ather residence Clarence-honse,St.Jamess, yesterday, from Frogmnore. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge honommedc MIiss Susan Durant w^ith a visit at her studio, in. Conduit, street west, yesterday, to view her marble statue of "RobiaL Hood. A deputationL for the repeal of the laws nequiring tlx oatlh of abjuration had an interiewv with 'Viscount Palm*be yesterday. The deputation consisted o£ the Lord Xay,r. Sheriff Kennedy, Aldermaxn Wie, Alderman Yinnls~, Mr. Petee, and MEr. DbJkin. A deputation, consisting of the lRoi air. Short, reeter of St. Geor"e-tbe-Martyr, Queen-square; 3iTr. Churel, vestiy clerk; ir. Grubbe, churchw~ardem- ann Mr.. LnWa an, vestrynsan, had an interview with ;Zhe Righe 310n. Sir Enjamnin Hall yesterday at the office of PunkE Wecks. and. Buildinfgs, in Whitehall-place. The Lord Chancellor will recaiNo. thne Jiges, Qzea'di Counsel, &c., on Tuesday, the Srst day of hasre w, at; his Lordship's residence in cp_er Brook-streoe at, 12 o'clock-. ,The following deputations had4 an iuterview wih Lord Stanley of Alderley and the IRight H-on. Iobext lo- we yesterday at the Board of Trade, on the smbject of the British Channel pilotage: -From tlhe Glocester and Berhely Canal Company (Mr. W. Philip Pfice, M.P, and Mr. W. Boown Clegram) ; fror the Sub-Commissioners of Pilotse Glo*ester (Lieutenant John Bradley, R.1.) - from the Gloceter Cham'berof Commerce (Adiiral Sir iamrice F.Y.Beakeley, 'M.P., MIr. 1'. Marshall Stiarge. and Mir. EdwL9d6decK3endall); irom Bristol WHr. E. JKing, Chairman oit Briso Docks Committee; Mr. RobinLson, Vice-Chairman, ML'Poole,. Mfr. J. llosselL Mlasterof tbeSocietyof MercbantTermtres39z iEdward Drew, 31r. Brice, solicitor to the CoeoratioaO Brisio! - r. John Drew, havenmaster, Brisaul acoom- J~ie by the HIon. F. H. F. Berkeley, H.P.,. ai-,d Mr. W~. :k. G,reLIangton, lYtP.); from Cardiff (Mr. Walter Cedin, ' .Y.,, Mr. Charle? achell, niayor;Mhessrs.aV. B. Wat- kinF and C. C. William, corporations and MFr. Sydro D. --ejkins, trade) > from Swansea {Mr. L L. Dillwn, M.P., S vr George Tyler, K.C.B., 3LP., Mr. Lewis Thomw, Clerk o'f the-SwanseA Harbour Trutees; and Captain T. W. P'ixI ey, htrbouraster of Swanssea)- from JSewrt (Mr. ICrawahayBailey, 3LP., Mir. J. N~. knpp, 2nayc- MfeEss. J. latch and G. W. Jones, harbour coaumlmwners; aDd MAr. R. (3etbting, harbourmaster). The Judicial Comrmittee of thle Privy Comxiii sat yeaiorday in the Council Chamber. The appe,al-from the Pro. Irogative Court. " The E:ast India Coropa,y t . tbe Hon. fra. I flce Sombre," -wrasresumed. The Lo- present waere the I Lorda Justices night Bruce and Tr.rupr, the Chaiucel}ar ot |the Duchyr f Qorvwall, Dr. Lush sngton, and *-Sl-datrd Ryan. -~~~~~~~~~n | to tll9 agF,erb,otorthefoapnation*oZ Despche~weresen fro. 4~~ Og ij. Wig-aleter Cofj' W. B. -wt
FOBEIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. (FBOX OUR OWN COLRsEPONDENT.) [A. porton of the following appeared in our second edi- ianof terday.-I PARIS, THURSDAY, APRIL ', b P.I The DMeats contains a long article on the proceedings of the Congress up to the date of signing the Treaty of Peace. The following extracts are the most interesting, and, as you will perceive, corroborate in several important points the information I have already comnmunicated to you on the same subject - " Of all the points on which the Conference had to pronounce, that wvich has excited the greatest difficulties and will continue so to do isthe new political constitutioin of the Danubian Principalities. The future condition of these pro. vinces occupies the attention of all the nations of Europe. The interests of all the neighbouring or distant States may not be the same, but they are equally pressing. We bIUeve too that the question of the Principalities gave rise in the heart of the Congress to long and very aninated debates. It appears that a number of systems were proposed more or less irreconcilable with the fundamental rule estabUshed from the commencement, which decreed that no breach of the rights of the Sultan or of the integrity of the Ottomain empire should be permitted. If wc are to believe certain reports which have obtained sufficient credit not to be disdained, some nmembers of the Conference had wished to unite these two principalities into one independent State, to be proclaimed neutral, and to be intrusted to the rule of a prince chosen from among the reigning houses of Germany or Italy. This combination implied a division Of Turkey, and was contrary to the object of the war. The Conference consequently rejected it." The Dibats goes on to state that among other propositions affecting the future of the Principalities advanced in the Congress was one tending to unite them under a prince, who slhould be declared vassal of the Porte. Another proposal was that they should remain constituted as at present. It would appear that no final decision -as adopted by the Congress. The next statement of the D6bats is,- "The Conference has decided that no portion of the Turkish territory is to be occupied by the allied armies under any pretext whatever, and that those armies will evacuabt the points on which they are establishled immediately after the ratification of the treaty. According to this, wnen the treaty of the 30th of 31arch shall have acquired, by the ratification of the Sovereigns, the certain character which it does not possess at present, the armies of France, England, and Sardinia will abandon tha Crimea and Constantinople, and return to their countries, while the Austrian armies will quit the Danubian Principalities. Some foreign journals have stated to the contrary, but we believe them to be il informed on the subject. Their error may be in any case easily explained. The allied Powers, anticipating a continuation of the war and its development on a larger scale, have accumulated immense supplies in the Crimea and around Con. stantinople. It will take a long period to transport this immense maotid again to the stores of England, France, and Sardinia, and the year 1-56 will probably not suffice. It is evilent that the material must remain guarded by the allied troops in those distant countries until its removal has leen effected. It is, perhaps, this indispensable act which lhaa been taken for a temporary occupation of the Turkish territory by the allied armies." Tne Dibats next describes the regulation of the fourth point, which refers to the Christian subjects of the Porte - " Abdul Medjid has acted spontaneously, and in virtue oEf his ovwn authority; the immunities now enjoyed bv tho Christian subjects of the Porte are the concessions of their Sovereign ; the new rights of the Christians only repose on acts of internal administration, which do not bind the Sultan nor (above lall) his successors. Some members of the Conference conceived doubts as to the stability of the Imperial decrees, and desired to annex them to the treaty of peace, or to embody them in that treaty. This gave rise to a debate, in which the sovereignty of the Sultan and the dignity of his crown appeared to come in contact with the most respected rights ofthe Christians. Itis certain that the Congress has adopted a medium course. The decrees of the Sultan will remain as they are; they will be neither annexed to nor embodied in the treaty, but an article of the treaty will allude to these acts and to the new concessions of the Sultan in terms which vill result in an esgagement of the Sultan not to disavow his acts, and in a guarantee to the Christiansbyall the contracting Powers." The Dbeias next alludes to the proposals advanced by M. de Cavour in the Cong,ress:- " Necessary reforms in Italy were spoken of in the Congress, and it was asked if it were not wiser and more politic to give satisfaction, which might be limited, freely to nations, than to be exposed to revolutionary movements -which are daily becoming more difficult to restrain. It is certain that these grave questions have been debated in the Congress, and th.t it has proposed to revert tethem." According to the Dboats, the treaty is composed of a preamble and of 34 articles. In the preamble has been inserted a declaration -which pays homage to France, to her disinterestedness, her loyalty, and her spirit of conciliation. This declaration emamated, the Dibats says, from Lord Clarendon, who insisted on its insertion in the treaty. The following passage describes the part talken by Lord Clarendon in the proceedings of the Congress:- " Lord Clarendon, who took a grand part in the discus. sions of the Conference, and who is justly considered as one of the p-incipal authors of the treaty, had already traced out its programme in a speech which he pronounced in the House of Lords on the 31st of January, in reply to the address proposed in answer to the Queen's speech. Matters have passed as desired by the Mlinister of the Queen of England. The Emperor Alexander, who, in accepting the conditions proposed by Austria, had resigned himself to a painful sacrifice of the amnour-1oapre of Russia, has adhered honourably to the letter and spirit of the conditions. He reaps to-day the fruits of this conduct, ful of honour and ability; not only has he rendered the conclusion of a peace easy, but he has allowed the allied Powers to subscribe to conditions which give to Earope the guarantees of security it required without wounding the honour and dignity of Russla." The Congress met yesterday at 2 o'clock at the Hotel of Foreign Affa-irs for the settlement of different minor points. It is expected that a month -will be taken lip in this work. The Plenipotentiaries are not to leave Paris before the exchange of the ratifications. Two pamphlets have recently appeared in Paris relative to the E-astern question, which have attiacted some attention, though the service rendered by them to Turkey is very questionable. The first is entitled Gonifidences swr la Tutrquie, and is from the pen of a M. Destrihls. The second, called L'Orienl derant l'Occident, is the production of a TI. Menlik, who describes himself as an architect. Though they purport to refer to the question of the East in general, both are in reality violent attacks on two men long known as rivals, and both of whom have long acquired a notoriety more or less honourable. The first pamphlet is a tissue of abuse of Redschid Pasha, whom it describes as a man unfit to be employed in the administration of his country. The second, -vhich is intended as a reply-to the first, does its best to drag Mehemet Al Pasha (brother-in-law of the Sultan) in the mud; and, as might be expected, heaps indignities on the head of the ex-Grand Viszson, late Am assador ofd thon Vely IPasha, u'sizier, lustapha Pasha,r and thePorn e in Paris. The object of each pamphlet is not merely to defame the person it alludes to, but to show that there is not throughout -the Ottoman empire any one fit for public affairs except its own man. The conclusion which the puzzled reader would arrive at is, that the Sultan does not possess a single man fit to be called to his councils. I believe this is a niistake; and that there are a few who, f the idols of the pamphleteers in question ceased to exist to-morrow, wold acquit the^iselves ably and honourably in the public administration. During the sittings of the Paris Congress various opinions have been passed by men, more or less competent, on the talents and qualifications of the Pilenipotentiaries who composed it, and, perhaps, by the members of the Congress on each other. In this reciprocal estimation they may be right or wrong, but I believe the opinion of all, without favour or partiality, has been most flattering to the Turkish Plenipotentiary now in Paris; and whenever Aali :Paslas name is mentioned, whether his probity or his intelligence is in question, it is with praise. There are certain indications inthe pamphlet against 3Iehemet Ali Pasha which lead some persons to suspect that the Turkish Embassy is not a stranaer to its publication. MIehemet is a friend of Mustapha, and Iustapha and his son Vely have been long on the worst terms with Redschid. Now, considering all that France and England have done, and ame doing, for Turkey, this is not the most favourable moment for the partisans of these perEonages to be covering each other with dirt in the eyes of friends and enemies. TheA Moniekur de la F7otte contains the following. - "Several foreign journals have published uncalled for comvonts on a deplorable erent which occunred at Bava- taube, on the western coast of Madagascar. They have also stated that it was the intention of the French Government to send an expedition to that island, and they even mention the land and sea forces which are to compose it. These assertions are calculated to produce serious consequences. On several occasions wo have had proof that the Government of Queen Ranavala was perfectly well acquainted with passing events in Europe, and such reports may compromise the security of the Europeans residing in ihe territory of the Hovas." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received.-2E " hfARSEILLES, Ar.RL 2, EVE.NING. "The dealers at Balaklava have decided on raising the price of their merchandise 20 per cent. " The European merchants established in the Crimea are waiting for the conclusion of peace to convey their merchaudise to Odessa and the Principalities. " The thermometer at Sebastopol had fallen as low as 17 degrees below zero (nearly at zero of Fahrenheit), so that the troops remained shut up in their quarters." " STETTIN, Arrsm 2. " The Emperor Alexander and the Grand Dukes Constantine, Nicholas, and Michael arrived at Freidrichsham in the morning of the 22d. After having inspected the troops, the corps of cadets, and the batteries, the Imperial party left for Helsingfors, where they arrived on the 23d, inspected the troops and the fortifications, and visited the hospitals and the churches." "H A1WBURG, ArPuIL 2. " The British Government has given orders to Commodore Watson to leave the Baltic for England with all the squadron." 2. " This Government has bestowed the order of the Golden Fleece on the Imperial Prince of France; a high functionary is to carry the insignia to Paris. The rnmour of General Concha having been removed from the govermment of Cuba is unfounded. Tranquillity is general. The adjudication of the railroad from Xeres to Seville has been postponed in consequence of doubts on the legality of some of the biddings." The Legislative Body sat yesterday, Count de Morny in the chair. Two bills were presented, one relative to appeals from the decisions of correctional tribunals, and the other to manufacturers' marks. Four local bills were adopted. The adjourned discussion on the bill to levy a municipal tax on carriages and horses in Paris wvas resumed, and after observations from Viscount de Clary, MM. GuyardDelalain, O'Quin, the reporter, Devinck, Dallos, Bnron de Ravinel, and M. de Baroche, President of the Council of State, the measure wvas adopted. The proceedings then terminated. The Three per Cents, closed to-day at 73f. 60. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents, at 95f. ; and the lNew Loan at 74f. 5c.; O)rleans Bailway Shares, 1,336f.; Great Nforthern, I,020f.; Strasburg, 1,000f.; New Shares, 840f.; Panis and Lyons, 1,295f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,595f.; Western of France, 910f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 760f; Great Central of France, 650f.; Lyons and Geneva, SlOf.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,685f.; Austrian Railways, 925f. Cours Autl,entique.-PA"is, April 3.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reunbursable for 10 years), 94f. 93f. 75c.; Three per Cents., 73f. 73f. 20c. 10oc.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (75 per cent. paid), 73£ ; ditto second Loan of 1S55 (4S per cent, paid), 73f. 50c. 0c.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent, paid), 73f. S0c. GOc; *Bank of France, 3,550f.; Credit Foncier, 725f.; ditto Obigations of 500f., Three per Cents., 406f.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f, Three per Cents., 930f., Credit lobilier 1,tl85f. i,G95f. 1,690f. 1,6S7f. 5Oc. 1,6S3£. 76c. 1,GlS6f.; Discount Bank, 630f. 645f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 94£* ditto Three can Four-and-a-half per Cents. 97f Fente do Naples Rothschild's), 113; c lomans, 90t; Syauish Interor Debt, 0l i 3. Exchange onaLondon, at sight, money, 2. 37itc.; three months, money, 24f. 92Ac. PRIJSSIA. On the pst of ofarch the Prussian House of twords wCas convoked specially to hear the coaruannication of the conclusion of peace. M. von der eydt, the A m inister of Commerce, spoke as follows: "Gentlemen,-By order of His 3ajesty the Kring, I have the honour to communicate io you that yesterday the Plenipotentiaries assembled at Paris signed a peace in the most solemn manner; this is a fact which eas always the constant aim of the policy of His lajesty the King, and which wvill doubtless be hailed by the country and by the two Chambers with great satisfaction, and by tharksginings tolthe Almighty." The President of the Chamber, the Prince of Hohenlohe, replied- "wAfter the communication just made to us by the Goverment of the King, every representative of the country must be animated with a feeling of the deepest gratitude towrds the Alimighty, who has blessed the efforts of the Government, and preserved the country from the evils of war, and towards our gracious Monarch, whose anxious care has realy only had one object in view, that of retaining the blessings of peace to the country. From the breast of every Prussian but one shout can be raised on this occasion-one single shout of gratitude-and tlateshout, gentlemen, you will doubtless repeat with me,-' Long Live the King.'" Three rounds of applause responded to the speec of the President. The Minister of Commerce made the same commWuication to the Chamber of Deputies; their President, Count Exulenburg, replied as follows - "I can assure the Minister who acts for the President of the Council that the cormunication he has just made to the Chamber has been hailed by it with' the greatest joy. We are indebted for it to the firm and resolute attitude of Hlis Mlajesty and of his Government, who have preserved peace for us in the midst of theadificulties of war. We-areindebtedto the firm attitude and to the wise solicitude of His hajesty for being caled on to co-operate in the conclusion of peace. We cannot therefore better express the sentiment which nnimate us ial, gentlemen, than byraiing toetherathe cheer of ' Long live the King."' The whole Chamber rose and responded to the appeal. TEE BALTIC. The s .ndIpetdance Beui e publishes the followintg letter, dated Hamburg, 30th ult.:- "Accounts from pd iel announce the arrival in that port of the English corvette Firefly, vith despatches of Commo. dore Watson for the English A dmiralty. These despathes were considered to beofa most pressingrature, andtheirsubstance was immediately forw arded to London by telegraph. Thecorvette hadleft, on the 26th, the Swedish anchorage of Farosund, where the squadron wvas so completely locked up by ice that the Firefly required the assistance of two other steamers to eabsle her to put to sea. It was a curious spectacle at this season of the year to see the English corvette enter Kiel all covered with icicles suspended in festoons from her cordage and rigging. Yesterday the English gvnboat Cuckoo, coming from Sheerness, entered the roads of Elsinore. This vessel wa to proceed the next day on her voyage and join the fdying squadron in the Baltic. This is the 12th ship of war despatehed from England to this sea since the end of Feb. ruary. The commander of the Cuckoo told the Consul at E lsinore that six other gunboats would shortly arrive there. We cannot conceive the object of this demonstration on the part of the English Government. Thisuseless naval promaenade must be rather expensive. The two ships-of-theline, C7esar and MIajestic, have not yet left Kiel, owing to the danger attending the navigation of the Baltic at this season. The English Consul at Kiel was informed a few days ago that the Admiralty intended to send out several other firs-ate steamships, and three, supposed to have already cleared out of the English harbours, were daily expected. Cargoes of coal, for the use of the steamers of the fleet, continue to arrive at Elsinore and Kiel. It is consequently believed that the naval forces of England will make a long stay in the Baltic. As I already told you the presence of the English cruisers has caused all commercial operations to be suspended." We read in the Monitvtr de la Flote: "A private letter from the coast of the Baltic, dated the 21st ult., informs us that the Emperor of Russia and his brother are expected, with their suite, at Sweaborg, on their return from their journey into the interior of Finland. The Princes, it appears, intend to examine with their own eyes the practicability of opening a canal across the country for the purpose of draining the principal marshes and rendering it completely healthy. I have been assured that after visiting Finland the Emperor will proceed to Revel. There is, however, nothing decided in that respect, although prepara tions are being made for his reception in Courland. ' I have now to communicate to you,' says our correspondent, ' a piece of intelligence wvhich has created considerable sensation. Orders have been received at Cronstadt to fit out a squadron of five war steamers, which must be ready to put to sea towards the middIe of May. It is to consist of a screw frigate, two screw corvettes, and two steam sloops. Admiral Lutke himself is to take the command of that squadron, which, if I am to believe reports generaUy credited in tne country, is to serve for a voyage which:the Emperor and his brothers intend to perform in F1 ;ope in the course of spring. The frigate, on board of whichthe Admiral isto hoisthis flag, is quite new. She isto be fitted up in the most sumptuous style. The two corvettes are also new, and were built according to the most improved English and French models. They are both fast-sailing ship& The destination cf this squadron is unknown, The offieci instructions sent to Cronstadt make no menxtion of it. It appears, however, that the Admiral has been instructed to engage for each of the shipg pilotg perfectly well acquainted with the coasts of Engand and France"' SARDINIA. (FROM OUR OWN CORI XX PONDX;T.) TURIN, M&RcH 31. The 3d, or Rifle Regiment of the Anglo-Italian Legion, vras inspected yesterday at Chiavasso by Sir Jame6 Hudson, Eer Majesty's uinister at this Court. Sir James, accompanied by General Solaroli, Colonel Read, and other officers of the Staff of the Legion, arrived by railwray from Turin soon after 1p.r., andproceeded at once to the parade ground, vhere the reg - iment was already formed in line, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Fitzherbert, assisted by Majors St. John and De Foreste, and his approach was the signal for a general salute, - while the band plaved the English National Hymn. After the Minister had passed down and up the line, the regiment marched past in open column, and afterwards the two leading companies were taken out to skirmish in some neighbouring fields, where. they gave the most satisfactorya proofs of the zeal. and activity of both officers and men. This regiment comprises the Elite of the Legion, but they have been chosen rather for their smartness than for their size. The men are consequently small, active, and good looking, apparently very intelligent, and their exemplary conduct in barracks testifies to their docility. The uniform, which is entirely iron gray and black, is very neat, and has been exceedingly well got up. The kepi is gray, with bronze ormaments; the tunic gray, with black facings; ald the trousers gray, with a black cord down the side. The regiment has not been longenough together to have made much progress m battalion driUl; but the military bearing of the men, and the tidy manner in which - their kits and barrack-rooms were kept, showved that much pains ladbeentalken with the intelior economy, and had not been throvwn away. They had not yesterday received their accoutrements, but expected to do so to-day, I believe. Their rifles they will not receive until they reach M1alta, and only a few companies are armed at present, therefore, with the Enfield rifled musket as sent out for the Line regiments. This is of little consequence, however, as the regiment is under orders to leave on Thursday for Genoa, where it will embark the same day for Malta on board the Great Britain, which returned to Genoa on Friday last, after an absence of barely eight days, having landed the 2d Regiment of the Legion at Dlalta, discharged cargo, and taken in coals there in the meantime. Recruiting for the Legion was virtually stopped long since by raising the standard to such a height as made it very difficult to find persons eblgible, and this day the committee of enlistment termiinates its 3abours. At the COmlnenCemenlt of the formation of this Loegion the work progressed very slowly indeed; the idea was new to the people of this country, and there were many prejudices to be surnmounted on all sides. During the winter, when field labour was almost or wholly suspended, volunteers presented themselves in abundance, so that the three regiments now composing the Legion were formed in little more than as many months; but, so far from the approach of spring deterring men from offering, it has been found that the service was rapidly gaining popularity, and it would be easier to get men now than at any former period. The natives of the north of Italy have a great desire to emigrate, and, the idea having spread that the Anglo-Italian Legion will be sent to one of the Britislh colonies, the service has risen wonderfuUy in public estimation. In fact, the British Government could not possibly better applythis Legion, on the return of peace, than by sending it to some part of Australia, where the climate and natural productions correspond so closely with those of their own country that these men, who almost all understand the cultivation of the vine and the mulberry,-the manufacture of wine, and the breeding of silkworms, would prove of immediate benefit in a country where labour of this kind is precisely the one thing wanted. Every imaginable talent and accomplishment may be found amon(g these 3,000 men; and, were they once settled in any colony, it might be expected, on a moderate calculation, that at least one woman for each man would leave Italy to join them; so that there would be no danger of the colonybecoming extinct. Most of them are natives of the great plain of Lombardy, where it is notorious that frugality, industry, and ingenuity are the prominent characteristics of the inhabitants. Place them under a just Government, and give them a fair prospect of improving their own condition, and they will soon forget to conspire and intrigue, and become as enthusiastic Conservatives as any in Her Majesty's dominions. ITALY. The Duchies of Parma, Modena, and Tuscany are in a state of alarniing ferment. The Duke of Modena, who was at Venice, has returned in all haste to his eapital. Monsignor Patrizi is to leave Rome at the latter end of May, to represent the Pope at the baptism of the Imperial Prince of France. He is to be accompanied by M. Villecourt, Bishop of Rochelle, who will present to the Empress the gold rose conferred on Her Majesty by the Pope.
TURKEY. (--om OUR OWN CORRESPOINDI-M.T CONSTAN.TINOPLE, MLncE 24. As if by common consent of all parties, the first steps tovards the realization of the promises contained in the Hatti-Humayoun are directed to the most useful and at the same time the most practical points of it-namely, those concerning the development of the material resources of the country. This may be in some measure due to a desire of avoiding the more delicate and complicated questions, which at this moment could only serve to excite the popular feelings, without leading to a solution, and to a wish of beginning rather with improvements in a field where every one will be anxious to co-operate. But if this anxiety for beginning the re-organization of Turkey on neutral ground facilitates the tendency of public spirit in that direction, the initiative comes from Europe, where the mania for investing capital in Turkey seems to be fast increasing. Banking schemes, railway projects, gas companies, &u., are springing up like mushrooms after a wet day, and the difficulty is only to choose betwveen the different competitors.l Not less than 14 banking schemes alone are said to have been submitted to the Government, differing from each other rather in the extent of eapital than in form. The difficulty lies in devising the best soheme to givethegreatest securityto foreign capital and to attract at the same time most native capital; without the combination of these no banking establishment has any chance of success. If too great a part is given from the very beoinnino to natives in the direction, tlm danger is that the whole undertaking will assume the character of a Turkish financial operation, which would be rather unpopular with foreign shareholders; and if, on the other hand, natives are not admitted to the direction, the bank will not inspire confidence in the country. It isa case of mutual distrust. The exceptional protection which foreigners and their property enjoy in Turkey must naturally make natives cautious about embarking their money in an undertaking over which they have no control, while the more than loose way in which money transactions are carried on here is entirely at variance with European ideas on the subject. The first thing which a bank with European, capital will have to do is to reform the traditions of the country in this respect, which cannot be upset al at once. Take, for instance, the manner in which payments are made. In Europe, if a bill of exchange, en. regZe, or a check is presented, it must be paid within the term fixed, or the house is considered bankrupt. No such thing is known in Turkey. You present a bill or a check, and are told several times to come to-morrow or the day after to-morrow, or else they give you an appointment for some weeks, or often for. more than a month; and you have as much difficulty in getting your money as if it was a common debt. There exists, indceed, a commercial code, but the habits of the place have got the better of it. Thi3 delay in payment arises in a great measure from the absence of a fixed currency. The priceof the kaime is always varying, and thus daily changes are made into a source of profit in every transaction. In some casesit is specified in the bill in what money the payment is to be made; in others, where it is not specified, each holder of a bill chooses according to his own convenience. The consequence is that whenever there is a profit to be made on gold, every body wants to have theopayment made in gold, and rice versd. The banker, who wants to mak-e his profit too, has, of course, always gold when people rin after kaimes, and kaimes when every one wiMhes for gold. The consequence is that the holder of the bill must wait if he does not prefer taking the kind of money which the banker will give'hinm. If this way of handling bills of exchange will seem rather ctuious to the commercial world of Europe, there is another dodge connected with it which wMill seem even more curious. The piaster is assumed in theory to be the'standard currency, and all local transactions are calculated in it, which is natural enough; but all purely foreign transac-' -tions are likewise subject to this rule. Suppose,I for instance, you draw a bill on England.; - after having deducted the banking percentage, the banker will reduce the sovereigns at the lowest rate of exchange of the day into piasters, ahd you don't want to take paper which in some of the provinces is not even current; he converts again the piasters at the highest rate of exchange into silver or gold, and thus makes at every such transaction about 5 per cent. of you. Until these continual fluctuations between paper and specie are remedied no order can be introduced in commercial transactions. A forced currency, even if it was- supported- by the most stringent measures, would,be of course of no avail here or anywhere else; this object can only be attained. by the influence whicl a national bank, with a large capital, would infalibly exert on the market. In nearly every one of the banking schemes submitted to the Government it is proposed to withdraw by degrees the kaimes from circulation. This operation, besides relieving the country from the curse of the depreciated paper -money, would be very advantageous for the bank itself. The paper bears 6 per cent. interest; by degrees, as the paper was withdrawn from circulation, its value would rise until it would become par, and the bank possessing the greatest part of it would be the creditor ofthe Government for the full amount of it, which it would have purchased with 20 to 30 per cent. profit. Among the railway projects I told you in one of my former letters about the idea of a line from Constantinople to Belgrade, which has been again revived. As I told you then, it siffers from the evil which has nipped many reforms in Turkey in their bud-namely, the wish to have the fruit before the tree has been planted. Whoever takes a map of Turk;ey in his hands cannot fail to see that the whole conformation is more favourable to division and separation than to union. European as well as Asiatic Turkey consists of a series of mountain ranges dividing valleys. These mountain chains serve as a physical as well as a national barrier, and tend to the formation of special provincial interests. The connexion between the different sections thus formed is so slight that in most of the provinces the communication with foreign countries is more important than that with their neighbours. The produce of all the provinces is nearly, without exception, agricultural, and each of them producing more thlan it requires for its own consumption has, consequently, no interest in commerce with any of the others, from which it is, moreover, in most instances, separated by a difference of race. This peculiarity in the formation of European and Asiatic Turkey ought to be always kept in mind when there is a question about the best means of communication. The most urgent and important thing is to open every one of the provinces to an intercourse with foreign countries, where they can find a market for their own produce and receive in exchange what they themselves want. The sea and the Danube must always be the highroads for such traffic, and the position of the country is such that advantage may be taken easily of both. All that is required is half-a-dozen short roads. In European Turkey you have the natural division of the Balkan range, wlhich clearly points out a northerly and southerly direction. For all the provinces on the northern slope of the Danube and for those on the southern the Archipelago is the oiutlet. A road from Monastir to Salonica would open the whole of Macedonia. The course of the Maritza, passing by Adrianople down to lakai, would be the highroad to Roumelia, and three roads from Tirnova, Sophia, and Nissa to the Danube that for Bulgaria and thecentre of European Turkey. The same is the case in Anatolia. It is useless to connect, for instance, Sivas with Aidin, for they have as little in common, when those countries were politically separated, as Caria and Cappadocia. What they all want is as of old, the communication with the sea, from Aidin to Smyrna, from Sivas to Samsoon, from Konia to Tarsus, from Erzeroum to Batoum. With regard to one of these branch roads a project is already before the Porte ; it is that of a railway from Aidin to Smyrna. Aidin is the entrepot of the whole fruit district, which furnishes one of the most important export trades of Asiatic Turkey. The transport has hitherto been carried on by camels at the rate of from 6d. to Is. a-mile per ton, which makles a no small item for the distance of 60 to 70 miles. The Government is, besides, interested in the construction of this railway, as the greatest part of Aidin is Crown land, which would, by a railway to the sea, considerably increase in value. I wrote to you some time ago about the efforts made by the English residents to erect suitable places of divinie worship. They are progressing favourably. Although no other public meeting has as yet been held about the rebuilding of the Embassy chapel at Pera, yet the committee is working out the plan and collecting subscliptions. The view which is now taken on the subject is to enlarge the old Embassy chapel so that it may contain 400 people, which is as much as the churchgoing public of Pera and Galata require. The chapelry of Ortakoi will be ready for opening the week after Whitsuntide. lWhen completed the inhabitants, at the suggestion of their MIinister, have decided to place the church at the disposal of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, the Bishop of Gibraltar, of coarse, being the diocesan. It will be consecrated at some futureperiod, and will bearthe name of St. Audrewr, the patron saint of Scotland. Subscriptions have not come in as fast as was expected, although it was confidently believed that the public in England would have given some support to the first undertaking of the kind in European Turkey. The Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, with their wonted liberality, have, at the application of the clerg,yman, sent out a set of service books, some prayer books, and other volumes of general interest, to form the nucleus of a small parochial library.
TRADE BEPOBT. Friday Evening. SUGAR.-The demand at the publie sales to-day was spirited, and nearly the whole of 19,942 bags advertised was in most instances taken by speculators and exporters at improved rates, establishing an advance for the week of ls. per cwt., excepting for the better sorts of grainy Bradras and Cossipore, which remain the samne. -The following are the particulars :-17,775 bags Mauritius, low to fine brown, 35s. 6d. to 40s. 6d.; low to middling yellow, 41s. to 42s. 6d.; good, 43s. 6d.; crystallized low to good, 42s. 6d. to 45s.* 823 bags native Madras, 34s. to 35s. ; 905 bags date, middling yellow, 41s. to 41s. ffd.; 434 bags white Benares, middling wihite, 45s.;* 557 hhds. West India have been sold, makng 2,932 for the week; privatclyalso 1,000 bags of mnscovado Manilla at 37s. Gd., and 3,800 bags of brown Bahia at 38s. Gd. per cwt. COFFEE.-The sales brought forward to-day womprise 4S0 casks 500 barrels and bags of plantation Ceylon, prncipaly of the new crop, and of which a portion was fine deep. coloured coffee that sold at from 64s. to 67s. per owt.; line fine ordinary to low middling brought 61s. 6d. to 63s., and small grayish to bold, 59s. 6d. to 61s., and pea berry, 64s. to 72s. per ewt. The competition was animated, and nearly the whole was disposed of. 1,000 -bags of native Ceylon were withdrawn above the market value. RIcE-Of 8,940 bags of Bengal offered only about 2,000 sold at 9s. 6d. to 1ls. for low middling to bold white, rather heated. Privately 250 tons have been sold afloat at 12s. 9d. landed, guaranteed good middling of new crop. NITRATE OF SoD&.-A floating cargo of 350 tons is reported at 18s. per cwt. SALTPETRE.-NO public sales. MIarket quiet. Prices quoted on the spot, 33s. 6d. to 37s. P &L31 Om.-733 casks in public sale -were nearly all sold at filly previons ,rices-ordinary, at 35l. to 3W.; and fine goJ2s, at 38l. to' 38. 5s. &ocomTuT OIL is firmer, and there are buyers for Ceylon at37s. cash, with but little offering; 10 casks Sydney in sale to-day, fine quality, witlidiuwvn. TALLOW.-Tbe market is steady. The public sales went eff well, and aconsiderable business is doing privately at 4Gs. 9d. to 47s. on the spot, and 47's. Gd. for the Last three months. Ai*THnA e'-HALL.---Names of gentlemen who passedtheirexamination in the scienee and practice of medicine, and received certificates to practise, on Thursday, the 3d of April-Fitzroy Philip Darke, Gramlsound, Cornwall; John IKitching, Dublin; Edward Jose ph Marshall. CWalsall; lussell Aldridge, Christchurcb lWants- David WillianiTrimnell, India; Charles Fohin 3;iuder, Lyming. ton, Rants;* Charles John Watson, Ipswich; ;fWiliax Frederick Dix, SinaUburgh, N{orfolk.
AfONZY-MABKELTand CITYINTELLGHNCB. * The English funds remain Friday Evening. The English flinds remain without any material variation, but the tone of the market is firn. Con. sols for money opened at the closing quotation of last evening-namely, 927 to 93, and afterwards ranged between 92k to 93& At the termination there were buyers at 93. Bor the acCount on the 8th of May the final transations 'were at 93 to E There was little inquiry for money, and loans were obtainable-on Government securities at from 5r to 6 per cent. The extent of business was again moderates, attention continuing to be directed to the -nore speculative descriptions of investment. New Three per Cents. left off at 93 to i'ex. dividend; India Stock, 225. to 228; India Bonds, 10s. to 5s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98, to i; and Excheguer-bills (March), ls. to 4s. premium; (June), top~~~~~~~~g.a Foreign securities have not varied in any great degree, but in some cases there was rather more fimness towards the close. In Turkish Six per Cents. the transactions for the account were at IOli, 102k, 1011, and 102k. The Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock was negotiated at 101l, 101A, and 101' for money, and 102' 102, and 101I for the account.I The general business comprisedBrazilian Five per Cents., 100 and 99W; the New, 1843, 97n; Buenos Ayres, 60; Danishi Three per Cents., 84k; Ecuador Provisional- Land YWarrant, 5; Granada New Active, 21k; Mexican, for account, 21i and 224-; Peruvian, for the account, 79; the Three per Cents., for account, 55; Russian Five per Cents., 105; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 95; Sardinian Five per Cents., for money, 95k, 96, 95S, and 96; and for the account, 95ls; Spanish Three per Cents., for account, 46; Spanish Certificates, 5k; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 94, 93i, and 94. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon there was no important alteration in any of the rates. The corn-market was again steady this morning at the prices of Monday. The report of the iiverpool cotton-market for the week shows a good demnand, at full quotations. The final prices of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evemnin were 73f. for money and 7Sf. 50c. for the end of the month, showing a reaction of an eiglhth. The suspension took place this morning of Messrs. Syers, Walker, and Co., East India and gerieral merchants. They have speculated extensively in various kinds of produce, and their stoppage is attributed to the fall in prices consequent upon the peace. The amount of their liabilities has not transpired, but it isprobably about ;60,0001. Thne announcement by Lord Palmerston last night of the removal of the blockade both in the Baltic and the Black Sea created satisfaction to-day in the city, especially as news was simultaneously received bytelegraph tbatthe Russian Government have rescinded the prohibition against the export of wheat from Russian ports. As regards the trade of the Baltic, the withdrawal of the blockade can have nothing more than a nominal effect, since the opening of the navigation by the breaking up of the ice does not take place till some time between theend of April and the middle of May; but in the Black Sea, owing to the vast number of vessels already congregated there, it will be of great importance. At the same time it is seen that, unless Russia reciprocates the courtesy of the allies, by forthwith admitting their vessels into her ports, the measure will have an injurious operation, because it will enable neutral ships to carry off all the business. No doubt, however, is entertained on this head, and the presumption is that even in the absence of any notice on the subject English, French, and Sardinian vessels will take the risk of entering. Up to the present moment no instructions appear to have been received at our Customhouses to allow vessels to clear for Russian ports; but an immediate intimation to that effect is looked for. In relation to the prospects of the. trade between the two countries, the St. Petersburg advices continue to describe the most active preparations for its resumption, while on this side manufacturers and ironmasters are manifesting that tendency to look for new and extraordinary results which in former instances of political changes have led to overtrading and bankruptcy. Numerous agents have already been despatched to St. Petersburg and elsewhere, and a number of unfounded rumours regarding contracts for railways and other public works are already in circulation-a circumstance which, perhaps, has partly arisen from the fact that a very large quantity of railway iron intended for the Mfos- ow line just before the breakin? out ofthe war will now speedily be shipped, the contract being still in force. In the colonial produce-markets during the past week there has been but little alteration, and, with few exceptions, former rates have been maintained. Av good demand, both speculative and legitimate, still exists for sugar. Although large quantities were brought to sale, nearly all were taken, and prnces now show au advance of about Is. per Cwt. upon those of last week. Privately several transactions have taken place at full terms, while two cargoes of foreign have changed hands for near ports at higher rates than were previously obtainable. The first of the new crop of Ceylon coffee has been brought to sale. There was a fair demand for it, and the chief portion was purchased at steady prices. The Dutch Trading Company's sales commenced at Rotterdam on the 1st inst. They opened rather quietly, and a fall of A to 1 cent was submitted to; subsequently, however, there has been a gradual improvement, and at Amsterdam they coneluded with more animation, but without any rise. In tea there has been no change. The public sales todaypassedoff veryquietly, and but a smallproportion found buyers. Rice is still very flat, and nearly all offered at public sale has been bought in. Saltpetre is also less inquired for, but rates generally do not show any material alteration. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 29th of March gives the following results when compared withthe previous week:- Public deposits ... ... £6,838 42...ncrease £L199,977 Other deposits ... ... 31,.57,130 ... Decreaso 249,913 Rest ... ... 3,827,S65... Increase 14,201 On the other side of the account:- Government securities ... £11,87L821 ... Decrease £79,185 Other securities.. ... 20,063,178 ... Increaso 1,637,881 Notes unempoyed ... 5,289.7S0 ... Decrease 546,965 The amount of notes in circulation is 19,017,1901., being an increase of 632,1101.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is10,449,3331., showing an increase of 76,6221., when compared with the preceding retun
BALWIY INTELLIGEICVE. - lPATr.WAV rP2 T rt - The following we the xeceiptS of rilzway for the-jut ThetrTffic retunns of railways in the united kingdonm pusblished for the week ending Mlarch 29 amounted to 381,4631., and forthe corresponding week of 1ISM to 342,949L, showing an increase of 38,5141. The gross receipts of the eight raalways having their termini in the metropolis amounted for the -week ending as above to 167,270., and for the corresponding week of last Year to 153,9SI., showing an increase of 13,2891. The increase on the Eastern Counties ailwlay amounted to 711.; on the Great Northern to 9751. on the Great Western to 3,2081. ; on the London and Korth-VYestern to 1,7351.; on the London and Blackwall to IUI.; on the London, Brighton, and South Coast to 1,665L1; on the London and SouthWestern to 2,1651. - and on the South-Eastern to 3,3591. tota, 13,289l. 'the receipts on the other lines in the united kingdom amounted to 214,1937., and for the corresponding period of 1855 to 1SS,96S7., showing an increase of 25,225 in the receipts of those ines, vwhich, added to the inCreaSe on the metropolitan lines, ma7;es the total increase 3,514l., as compared with the corresponding week of 1855. SCOTTISH MIDLAN'D JUNCTION. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Monday at Perth, Mr. J. Stirling in the chair. The report, an abstract of -which had appeared in Vic Times, was taken as read. The Cn.AmuIA, in moving the adoption of the report, said, the principal item in the half-year's account was 3,0641. for plant. They had already expended 61,00O0. on plant, and they would require additional working stock to enable them to carry out the working agreement with the Dunlkeld Iaivlway Company. The contractor's claims in respect to the branch lines had been cleared off, but about 1,0001. woulcd be required for some land claims and for additional works. They had built six substantial stations, in ieu of the temporary erections which had formerly existed on their line, and they -were now building a station at Dnn- ;eld. He thought the state of their accounts was very satisfactory. The directors had taken no part in the promnotion of a line from Perth to lIethven, hut they were of opion that the Scottish Mlidland Company shold assist the promoters by taling up 7,0001. stock in thatundertaking. The proposed line would be six miles in length, and the promoters were desirous that it should be worked when completed by the hidiand Company. The Dunkeld Eailwayr would be opened for traffic on Mlonday, the 7th of April, and would prohablytenud to increase the trafic on the main lhue. Resolutions were passed adopting the report, declaring a. dividend at the rate of 3A per cent. per annum for the halfyear, payable on the 7th of April; authorizing the directors to subscribe 7,000l. towards the Perth, Almond Vale, and Mfethven :Railwavy; re-electing Messrs. lMurrav, Watson, and Proctor, the retiring directors;- and also 417r. Sidley, the retiring aviditor. it vote of thans to the chairmani and directors ceonclude. the proceedings. REPORTS FROM THE COIaTTEE ON RAILWAY IxTh-iDLoEs AN-D N Owy-Myr. FrnoyT reported from the comnimittee on this company's bill that the proposed deviations authorized by the bill are to be made out of funds which they are at present authorized to raise. The length ofthe deviations is 2 miles 62 chains, and the steepest fradient 1 in 132. Three roads are to be crossed on the evel, and the quantity of land required forthe alteration is 191 acres. The estimated cost of the deviations from the authorized line is 18,0001. M1r. R Hopkins was the engineerexaminedin support of the bill, and the committee were satisfied of the fitness, in an engineering point of view, of the proposed railway. WA-XNEY VALy.-Xv. Frrzoy reported from the committee on this bill that the objects of it were to revive the powers of the above company's act of 1851 for the purchase of lands and constraction of a portion of the railway authorized by that act, and to extend the time granted by the company's act, 1855, for the purchase of lands. The committee had examined the allegations of the bill, and found the same to be true. ST. IVES END WEST CORINWALL JUNCTION.-Mr. FrrzRsoy reported from the committee on this bill, that the objects of it were merely to extend the time for the purchase of land, and for the completion of the railway, and to amend the act of 1853 relating to the company. The recommendations by the Board of Trade in regard to the bill had been adopted by the committee. The committee had examined the allegations contained in the preamble of the bill, and amended the same by striking out the words relating to the deposit in the Court of Chancery for securing the completion of the railway, the clause for extending the time for the completion of the line being struck out of the bill, and they found the same as amended to be trne.
RAILIVAY 4?D - MININ6 SH2IRES. The mi,-nMirket was generallyFriday Evening. the al *y aquketwasgenraly frm,and prices m e c. experienced a. further advance. The ope~rateim were agaiin extensive in foreign shares, samle ana MIeuse particularly being freely purch.X. Guaranteed and Indian were well sup-e~ted, with a moderate basiness. In Australian Agricultural there were numerous transactions, the late improvement being fairly maintained. The shares of the various banks were rather firmer, owing to increased purchases. MIiscellaneons shares were steady, but qiiotations experienced no remarkable alteration. Bank of EIgpt left off 1l to Z pm.; Ottoman Bank, 2 to 2k pm.; Western of London, 2 to dis.; London and Paris, 3 to 2 dis.; Alliance B3ank, 1 dis. to par; and National Discount Company, par to I pm. OR"DARY SrtARES AND STOCKS.
THE CORY TRADE. CORX-EXC:ANG., F.RDAY. ARrL 4. The arrivals of wheat bave proved moderate, both foreign and English, but there is stil little activity in the trade. Under these circumstances quotations exhibit nogreat alteration, and prices generally are 'witbouit alteration. Barley and oats haTe been onl dealb in to a limited extent. WAEIElD, ARIL 4. There is a fair quantity of grain on offer heretoday. Thewheat trade is steady, and the business passingistoa moderate extent at last week's rates. Fine heavy barley Is. per quarter dearer; in other sorts no alteration. In beans, oats, and shelling no change. Old. KNew. Wbheatperquarterof8bbushels,601b.- . & IL ssex. Suffolk. and Kent, white ,. 74 to 73 72 to 76 Rend.. 68 72 165- 71 Korfolk and 6ambridge, white 71 75 69 73 Red . . .. 67- n 62-6S lincolnibire and Yorkshire, whito .71 75 69 -73 Red... 67-71 62 -68 D taic ae> Konigsberg 7. 76 - - Baltic and famburg, red.. 65 - 69 - - Barley, per quarter of S bushels.- NorfolkandSuffolklinperial .. - -- 40-41 Yorkshire and Lincohnshire, 561b. per bushel - - - 41-*{ AVEIAGX PRIG7 TFOR tTIE WEEK 3DrfG MARXc 31. 16. LaVERPOOL, Aie i The arrivals from Ireland and coastwise since Tuesday have been fair of oats and oatmeal, but otherwise triEting. From foreign ports we have received 11,726quartersofswheat, 2.920 quarters of beans, 520 quarters of peas, 11,151 quartes of Indian corn, and 4,672 sacks andS,995barrelsoffhour. Theexportsin the sametimecomprise396 quarters of wheat, 2.487 quiarters of Indian corn, 420 sacks and 75S barrels of four. The trade during the past two days has been quiet, butprices have been generaUy well maiutained. The weather has become more genial, with frequent showers of rain. At this day's market there was a fair .attendance of the town and country trade . however, the weather being fine and the wind favourable for arrivals, buyers acted with much caution, and the business done was quite of a retai character, at a dechne of Id. to 2d. per 701b. on wheatand6d perhbarreldandlis. per sack on four. Oats and oatmeal met with a very slow sale, and were the turn in favour of the buyer. Barley and peas, in the absence of transactions, remained uominallyas before, but beaus wvere ob'inable at 6dL per quarter less money thas on Tuesday. Indian corn continues to be sparingly offered. Howevevr, the demand being very limited, the few parcels on sale could only be d.sposed of at 30s. for prime miixed and 30s, 6d. per quarter for line yelow or white, being abeut 6d. Per quarter under 'I'uesday's rates.
2!ETBOPOLIT-AN CATTLBAIRKET, April 4. There wau a generally quiet demand to-day for meat of all kinds, and the trade thereforc ruled riow. Priesain consequence were lower, froni 2 to 4d.p er etone. Thebighestquotati nrealzed forDowns the wool waste. Scotch beasts went at 4s.Sd. -- Price Per stone of Si.. sinkint the offaL
SHIP NOWS. TARAN-TT- ?WI LEGHORN. M,itcAi 29.' Tie louowimg decisions oftheBoard of Health have been sanetioned :-1. That vessels arriving from the Levant, free fromnsickness uringthe pssge,'aretaohe sgufbrjoecmtetd toaquarantine office days? observation only, whereas those with sickness during the nassage are to land theirsusceptible goods inthe Laaretto, and perform 15 days' strict quarantine. 2. That vessels from Malta, free from sickness on boar durng te pasage afer hvingundegonethemedical visit. are admitted to frPee pratiquein thhispogrt,bdutint theevent of sicknesi On board, subjeet to 15 days' strict quarantine, and airing their susceptible goods bathe Lazaretto. Winl W., fres LIV POOL, APRaL 4. The Constantinople from this port has arrrived at Melbourne. Arrived.-The Alchynmist, from Manilla-the Dingo, from New Orleans-the Veloe, from Contantinople-the Franz, from Alexandriathe Tyro, from Mazagan-the British Trident, from Calcutta-the Saxon, from Carderis--the Cadet, from Hondluras-the Nancy Dlawson, from St. Michael's-the Jane Leec, from Calcutta-the Mhies Barton, fromuManila-the Golden Horn, and the WYeyrmouth, from New Orleans-the Jnlia Pepita, from Bilbos, Seiled,-The Neptune, and the hlactin Luther for New York-the Pelcan fo Roteram-he oroet,forNewOrleans-the Calpe, for Genoa-the Alliance, for HaifCa°x-ntehte Detroit, efor Callao. Los;nox, April 4,-Wind, this day at noon, S. to S.S.W., moderate, pleasant breeze and fine weather. Dovxs, April 3.-The Gloria de Maria, from Cuba for Bremen, struck the North Pdier, drove thelfluke of her anchor through her bow, and has been towed back width53fret of w,ater in her hold, The Woodcock, from New York, ashore at Dangeness, is bilged, and is expected to fiU with the tide: efforts to get her off have not succeeded. Pznrxonnr, Aprild3.-Arrived, the Johannes Antonious, fromRot.erdam for Batavia, leaky. A,e,sono, Mlarch 2&-The Sex Sodaiceade. of and for this port, from Newcastle, sprun' a leak three miles off the coast of Norway during a a gale on the 11th of Mfarch, and sunk; rew saved and landed at MandahL, GRAVESEND, ArntL 4. (BY SumacLtt-g ASSD BRrlsll TELExe, .Uonn (From Lloyd's.) 9 am.-Wmd, W. ; tide, 2 hours'lood; fine. Arrived.-The John Bull, from Hamburg-the Spirit of the North from Foo-chow-Foo-the Bosphorus, from Cienfengos-the Honour; from the Mauritius-the Gesina, from Groningen -the Lord Delordel, from Penang-the Alivea, from New Orleans-the Princess Louise from Algoe Bay-the Sumter, from Charleston-the Avalanche, froed Columho-the Amulet. from St. Michael's. SaitedL-The Lord John Russell, for Dunkirk. 1 p.m.-Wind, S.W. ; tide, high water; fine. Arrived,-The Ariel, from Cape Town-the Naraganselt, from Shanghai-the Thetis, from the Mauritlus-the Charles Mean, from Rio Grande-the City of London, from Calcutta-theBurlington, from Hongkong-the City of Rotterdam, from Dunkirk-the Lincoln, from New York-the Foam, from Whampoa-the Nile, from Calcutta-the Lugia, from Naples-the Kornelia, from Worcuni-the Merlin, from Terceira-the Marianne, from SeviMle-theAurora, from Ancona-the Conquest, from Cadiz-the Newton, from Demerara-the Speedwell, from SeviUle-the Aurora, from Rouen-the Parkenham, from Calano -the Goldhnch, from Bordeaux-tho Arrow, from Mogador-the Sultan, from Alexaudria-the Rock Scorpion, from Guernsey-the Octavia, from Calcutta-the David Malcolm, from Tuticorin-the Lloyd's, from Calcutta-the Henry Ellis, from Malta-the Arab, from? Leghom-the Eagle, from Guernsey-the Gipsey Queen, from Bombay -the Breeze, from Cherbourg-the Forest, from Mogador-theNative, from Guerasey-the Dreimnna, from Barcelona-the Andrenhi Segundo, from Macao. Sailed.-The Escort, for Montreal-the Alberta, for Aden. 3 p.m.-Wind, S.W.; tide, 2 hours' ebb- strong. Arrived.-The Eliza, from Sydney-the i'iot, from Hamburg. Sailed.-The Paris and London, for Paris--the Dragon, for s amburg-the Panther, for Boulogue-the Electric, for Honduras. 10 p.m., Wind, S.W.; Tide lot hour's flood; moderate. No arrivals, Saed.-The Mizpah, for Trieste-the Lancahire Witch, for New Zealand. Aprax 3. Arrived,-The Gleaner, from St. Michael's-the Abeona, from Cadiz -the Superior, fromn Alexandria-the Fair City, from Mogador-the Vibolia, from Gunerey-the Free Trader, from Penang-the Providence, from St. Michael's. DEA, ArPar 4. (BY SuX&rrz AND BRrsan TurGruot .) (From Ltoyd's.) 9 a.m.-Wind, W.; light. Passed.-The Robert Morrison, from Calcutta. the Pmince Rupert. from,Jamaica, the Tropic, from Barbadoes, thePea1ce, from Syria, the Emirgrant, from Iquiqlli, the Woodbine, from the Mauritius, the Challenger, from Callao, the Electra, from Grenaaa, the mErolite, from China, the Witcheraft, from the Mauritins, all for London. Anchored.-The Knight, from Calcutta, for London, slipped from an anchor and chain 60 fathoms to clear from colision with a large ship last night. Noon.-Wind, W.; moderate. Anchored.-The Avon, for Quebee, the Maianopol, for Constantinople, both from London-the John Burrows from Shields for Conw stantinople. Passeds-TheFraternitas, fromVcnice for London-the Marchioness of Londonderry, from London for Calcutta-the Raphael, from the westward, the Albion, from Trinidad, theNorthumbria, from Calcutta, aU for London-the Solstice, from the westward for the north. 2 p.m.-Wmd, W.S. W. ; fresh. Anchored.-The Jeune Albert, from CaDao for Hamburg. Passed.-The ChaUenge, from New York, the Corneia, fromFalmouth, the Kate Kearney, from Shanghai, 81 days' passage, all for London. 7.30 D.m.-WVmd, W.S.W. ; moderate. Arrived and Passed.-The East Anglian, 162, transport, from Woolwieb for Dublin-Her Mlajesty's ship Magicieune, from the westwvard for the river-the Alecto, from Moreton Bay, the Albina, from Seville, both for London. Arrived and Anehored.-Her ?Majesty's gunboats MIastiff and Mistietoe, from Sheerness for Portsmouth-the James Freeman, from Shields for Havre-the Rooma and the Surprise, from London, both for Sisily-the Euphemie Fullerton, from London for Genoa. The Ardville, from Sunderland for Aden, has been suppligd with an anchorfromhereto-day. The E. Norris, from Calcutta for London. has been in collision with the Knight, and carriedaway foreyard, ha. Report of ship Tropic. 35 days out.-March 3.-spoke the WestaU, in lat. 42 N., long. 30 l W.; Mfarch 31, the Britain, in lat. 48 58 N., long. 9 M0. The billyboy reported on the sands yesterday is called the Fear Not, Captain Dish, ran from Foliceston to Middleborough, is supposed to have got off last night, as she is not now to bo seen. One lad has landed at Deal. Anchorel. April 3-The Staghound, for Lisbon-the Gitana, for Barbadoes, both from London. Vrssxrs SPo1Cx Wrar. The Emelyn, from the Manritins, Feb. 1, in lat. 35 B., long. 20 S. (had beeis spoken by anothervessel on the 23d of Januaryw with rudder damaged). The Exhibition, of Cork, bound S.W., Feb. 22, in lat. 33 S., long Her Majesty's steamer Hydra (under sail only), March 2, in lat. 138S., long. 8W. The Meiicoten. of and for Liverpool, from Calcatta, Mfarch 3. The Harvest Home, from Madras, March I in ist. 3S., long. 19 W. The Eubens, from the Mauritias, March 1, in tat. 26 S., long. 34 W. The Lord Gambia, from Calcutta, same day The (oUock from Balfast for Melboure, Jan. 1810ff Hont Bay). The Collmbo (American ship), from Calcutta for london, Feb. 25, in lat. 88.. long. 14W. The Sea Park, from Calcutta for London, Feb. 2, in lat. 2 S., long. is8W. The iRattler and Bele AUianoe, both bound for the sonth on the Idne, in lat. 20 W. The Lady Shelbourne, from Liverpool for the Cape of Good Hope, same day. The Justyn, from Bombay for London, March 14, in lat. 25 N., long. 40 W. .The Wataga, from Calcutta for London, inlat. 23 N., long. 37W. The John Fletcher, Feb. 6, in lat, 21 N., long. 121 BE The Athelstan. of Liverpool, March 6, in lat. 5 N., long, 25 W. The John Philips, from Calcutta for London, March 11, inlat. 17 N,, long. 38 W. HIGH WATIER AT LONDON-BRIDGE. This day, To-morrow. Mornin .. 45 mrin after 1I Morning .. 26 mi. after 2 Afternoon .. 5 rin. after 21 Afternoon .. 47 min.atter 2
X Q 2'JA SHAREHOLDERS OF THE EASTERN COUNTIBS RAILWAY. {Allvertisnmnnt. \~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Eastern Co6 ies Railway, Bishopsgate Station London, April 4. Gentlemen,-As bMr. Malins is appealng to you for support in opposition to the money bill of the Eastern Counties Railway now before Parliament, I considerit my duty to publish a statement of the facts in. a letter from the solicitors of this company, detailing our connexion with this gentleman, by wvhich you will be able to judge whether hMr. halims is desirous of protecting your property or of exhibitinz his malice for our resisting successfully the extortionate claim mae by him in the construction of a line of railway for which he had given evidence. So long as hr. Mfalins confined hig attacks to me as an individual I was content to allow him to use the influence which, as chairman of the so-called Railway Reform Association, he brought to bear, being satisfied that in the end justice would ibe awarded me ; butwhen those attacks are directed against the best interests of this company I cannotlongerrenmain silent. It is right to observe tbat our Loughton branchbreceived thesanction of Parliament in 1853. and that on the 4th of January, 1885i, r. hdalins I became a sbareholder in the company. . I Iam, Gentlemen, your most obedient servant, | DAVID WADDThGTON. P S. The accompanying letter will show that Mr. Malins received £1,500 for compensation in lieu of £5,781 originaly demanded bY himy n "Dear Sir -In reply to yoiu inquiries we beg to inform you that the gumpaidItor. Mlalins for bis attendances and evidence in support of the Loughton Bil vwas £e1 lOs., and we have that gentleman'sreceipt for the amount. I"Btc.b alins!sclaimforthelacre 2 roedsand35 perches required from his estate of about 50 acres was :5,781. The estate comprised the residences of Mr. Charles Gumm and ,r. Hewitt, wha each had a few acres of land attached. Alr. Gomm hads ease of that in his occupatibn for 21 years froni 18S, and Mr. Hewitt a lease for 21 years from 1851. Mr. Alchin had an agreement for a lease for 21 years of two gardens, and hlr. Lucas occupied the rest of the property as tenant at ,'E,very effort was made by ourselves to effectan amicablo arrangementwith Mfr. Mfalins in regard to price, in orderto save the company the heavyexpenses consequentu n naresortto themode ofsettlemcnt provided by the Lands Clauses ct, but without result. "The difficulty arme rather in arranging abasisupon which negotiatos should proceed. hlr. Mlaiins advanced a proposition in effect th,at, ashehadrendered assistanceto the company inobtainin3g thsir loughton Act, hie iamimg to compensation for the prperty required of him should be entertained the more liberaly by tbe companvy; hut, a ve could discuss the case onlyaas one of v1un and deprec333tiolu anyi consideration in excess of that was beyond cur province, andwve referred him to hfr. Waddington, dyitfr hom M ne believe dc r. aius had anr interview. "gAt last, as the amout of compensation must be determined,tho wvanserved with theusual jury notice the company having no option so-icr the acts to settle by arbitration, that option being wholly with the landowner, MEr. Mal3ins, and thewair3airtto the s3heridf was ready to bHslodged, when;on the lavst day for Mr. Malinsto declare his option,he give the company notice tas have the'amoumt determined by arbitratlon, and Mfr. Phllip Hardwick wan appointed sole arbitrator. That gintleman made his view, and the day was fixed for goinginto the I rSatter before him. Two or three days pteviously; hoverer, Mr. C. Lee, w'howas'one of the surreyors for Mr. bahinY called upon us, =nd afte:| some discussionwith him we settled the claim,for £el50D the purchase- ~nlonty and compensation, and'10 ;tl)Ofo'the beets3 of thuit day. The ? LI ,500 was paid to Mrr. Mfahns, and he and his trijaees erecuted the conveyauce to the company, which is in ourcuaoy. 'We. were not aware when Mr. hMalini liecame a. shareholder of -th3e company, or, in fact,that be wvas one.t We are, dear Eir. yours3 'aithfull, --' - "CROWDElt, lInAYJIgARD AIeD 00, " J, B, Owtp1 Thq1 Secrgitszr, EaCentiCountiel way,"
JUDICIAL COMMITTEE OF FBLYy COUNCIL, Friday, 4pril4. pRLNSEP A?&D TRE osN. EAST INDIA CO.MPU;Y V. I)YCE SOMERER TROITTP A%'D qnT.A&TnT.T (Be o fMe 1r. NbmERox LEIG1f, Si7 1EDwARD RYAN, Dr. SHIMGTON., and LordP Justices :KNIGHT BRUCX and TTTP-S.FR Sir F. TiEsiGER, in resuming his argument, adverted to the alleged illegitimacy of Baroness Solaroli. He was not prepared to dispute her legitimacy, but doubts arose upon it long before there was any supposition of the insanity of Mr. Dyce Sombe, who was encouraged in the belief he entertained upon it by the viewss that were expressed by others on the subject. The medical men by whom the deceased was examined supposed that his notion with regard to it was a mnere corn of his diseased brain; but it was no such thing. He had some motive for imputing illegitimacy to her-namely, for the purpose of gratifying his feelings against Baron SolaroLil The terms upon which he lived with that gentleman were not ~tbose which had been supposed.' From his journal it appearted that his feelingstowards hira, and even towards CaptainTroup, were anything butfriendly and kind. When he left India he constituted Baron Solaroli his agent more from necessity than choice, and his letters showed that he was suspicious of the baron managing his affairs with a regard to his own interestsrather than those of the deceased. The baron arrived in England when- the deceased was confined in Hanover-lodge, and, after his escape to Paris, he considered him to be acting as his friend, endeavouring to procure his liberty; but his eyes were suhsequently opened by a letter from Irs. Dyce Sombre. The notion of the ilegitimacy of the baroness did not originate with the deceased, and by setting it up he thought he should deprive the baron of any right which he could possess to any portion of his property. Madame Solaroli stood in a different position from mra Troup-there was a certificate of the baptism of the latter, but not of the former; and although he was angry with Captain Troup, yet he had no ground for imputing ilegitimacy to his wife. In the vindictive spirit that actuated him he brought forward the charge against the baroness, not as a delusion existing in his mind, but for the purpose of gratifying his spleen gainst the baron, and for the purpose which he (Sir F. Thesiger) had stated. When he was challenged upon it he made a variety of wild assertions as to the source wvence he had derived his information. They were not, however, insane delusions, hut prevarications to',upport a statement which he had brought forrard, and which hle felt himself bound to maintain. HIis delusions no longer occupied his ncild in 1848 and 1849. When at Mivart's Hotel, in 1848, he spoke to Mr. Prinsep about making his will, and in November of that year he had an interview with MIr. Desborough, one of the most eminent solicitors in London, upon the subject. Before anything was done with the instructions which he gave, he was examined by no less than six physicians of the highest eminence. The opportunities which they had for probing and testing his mnud were such that it was impossible, if his delusions had still existed, that he could have escaped displaying them. Dr. Paris, the President of the CoUlege of Physicians, saw him six times, and represented him as fnUy capable of managing his affairs and making a wiiL Dr. Mlayo saw him five times, and said that he evinced himself to be, and was throughout, of perfect sound mind, memory, and understanding. Sir Alexander Morison had four interviews with him, and stated that, in reference to his mind generaUy, and to the delusions, he was of opinion that he was then of sound mind. Dr. Copland had seen him several times - his examinations of him were most se.arching, and he deposed that he was fuUy convinced the deceased manifested no insanity. Dr. Ferguson, who had four lengthened interviews with him, and met in four consultations, arrived at the conclusion that Mr. Dyce Sombre was quite fit to manage his affairs. Drs. Bright and Southey, who were appointed by the Court of Chancery to examine him, represented him as concealing his delusions; but was it possible, considering the severe examinations which he hadundergonebythe sixphysicians, that any person who had not acquired a complete command over his mind could have prevented the exhibition of his delusions, supposing they continued to exist? It was unfair to deal with the deceased as any other than an Asiatic. In 1845 he entered into an agreement with a medical gentleman named Mahon to pay him 10,0001. if he succeeded in annulling the proceedings against him, and obtaining him the full control over his property. In 1848 he had derivedconsiderable benefit from his exertions, but the ultimate object not being obtained, he refused to pay him anything in respect of the services which he had performed. The claim was referred to the arbitration of Mr. Prinsep and Mr. Richardson, and they awarded him 6401. 7s. 6d. costs out of pocket, and 1,5001. for his labours. Immediately afterwards the deceased again entered into an agreement with Mr. Mahon to pay him 10,0001., provided he should succeed by the 14th of Deceinber, 1849, less the 2,1401. 7s. 6d. The agreement with Mr. Mahon -was of an extraordinary character, and he (Sir F. Thesiger)hadnothing to say ht-its defence. InFebruary, 1849, Mr.Prinsep received fronmthe deceased a sealed packet, addressed to Mr. Desborough, which was stated to be a draught will. , r. Prinsep, although authorized to open the packet, declined to do so, and he never saw the will or knew anything of its contents (except that he was appointed executor, which he was iuformedbythedeceased himself) until itwas opened at Doctors-commons after his death. Before anything was done by Mr. Desborough in preparing the will, a petition which had been p resented to theLordChancelldron the 29th of January, 1849, for a guwersedeas of the commission, had been dismissed; but their. Iordships must guard against attributing too much weight to its dismissal. His Lordship disposed of the opions of the medical meii to -whom he (Sir F. Thesiger) had referred, in a very summary manner. The learned judge in the court below, in referring to the opinions of those gentlemen, had said that, wherever any difficulty arose, Mr Mlahon or Mr. Prinsep was called in; Ibut that was a mistak-e. llr. Desborough stated tbat in his interviews with the deceased, he saw no indications whatever of his mental malady. Stronger evidence than was given as to the capacity of the deceased by three medical gentlemen who attested the will could hardly be imagined. He subsequently executed a codicil, and the testimnony as to the competency of the deceased at that time reflected back on the wilL. There never was a case in which greater care had been taken by those concerned in the preparation of a xvill to ascertain that the testator was free from those delusions which would render him incapable in the eyes of the law of making a will than there had in the present instance. Reference had been made in the proceedings to the deceased supposing that poison had been introduced into his food, but it appeared thatthatwasa subject onwhich hehadbeen repeatedlywarued by the Begum. The simple question for the decision of their Lordships was, whether or not the deceased was of sound and'disposing mind when the will and codicil were executed. His being of unsound mind before or after those periods was perfectly immateriaL. There were instances in which parties while under restraint had been allowed to make their wills, and which were held to be valid on the ground that they understood what they were doing-that it was arational act, rationally done. There were the cases of "Sir Gregory Page Turner," " Cartwright v. Cartwright" (1 Phil., 90), and " Austin v. Graham" (8 Moore, P. C., 493). Was the execution of the will by AIr. Dyce Sombre a rational act, rationally done, in pursuance of previous intentions? One treat object which he had in view was to found a college at kirdhana for the education of the upper classes of natives, and it appeared from his journal and from the evidence adduced that from a very early period of his life he had been tuning his attention to it. He clearly intended thathis wife should derive no greater benefit from his property than she tookunder themarriagesettlement, andbywhichsheenjoyed an income of 4,0001. per annum. He (Sir F. Thesiger) did not pretend to say that the deceased had dismissed all his suspicions as to his wife's conduct, but latterly he had regarded er with hatred or indifference. By her the commission of lunacy had been procured; she watched and followed him, was in constant communication with Mr. Frere and other persons trying to get the comumissions continued, and she had made strong affidavits against him. His death took place while he was in London, seeking to obtain a further examination with a view of inducing Lord Truro to super- sede the commission. The strongest evidence as to the con- I tinuance of his delusions regarding his wife was that given by Mr. Okey, but it occurred in 1846. With respect to the exclusion of MadanieSolarolifromhis will, no conclusion could be drawn from it unfavovrable to the sanity of the testator. It appeared from his journal that he laboured under the impression that his sisters had nothing to do with the property which he derived from the Begam. He had left a house and a bazaar in India to Mrs. Troup, and which would make her a considerable personage there. He (Sir F. Thesiger) must postpone his consideration of any ierences to be drawn from a book published by the deceased, called his "R Refutation," until the passages relied upon by the other side, as showing the continuance of delusions, were pointed out. Their Lordships then adjourned until to-morrow (this day).
OFFiCERs AxD SoiDInes.-A foot-race of 100 yards took place on Thursday at Lord's Cricket-ground, between Mr. A. Hayter (son of the Right Hon. W. G. Hayter) and Sergeant lNewton, of the Grenadier Guards. Both had won several races before, but the sergeant, who was backed by Captain Bathurst, was the favourite at 3 to L At halt- aslt 3 they peared stripped, Mr. Hayter wearing the Mton blue. N er twvo false starts they got awvay together, Mr. Hayter taking the lead. About the middle, the sergeant, encouraged by his friends, made a desperate effort, but never quite got up, and after a splendid race Mr. Hayter breasted the handlkerchief first by about half a yard, amid loud cheers. Agooddealof money changed hands at the unexpected result, 1r. Hayter himself. winning a good stake. Captain the Hlon. H. Maonk, of the Coldstream Guards, officiated as umpire. [Advertisemnent.]-1 What shall we have for dinner?' -Scarcely any other question is rmore regularly asked day after day, orfoundmore difl jttoanswersattsactorily. It ;1 be a relief to many to hear that a new work, just published, cAlled " The Wife's Owln Book of Cookery," completely dispoNes of the inquir by giving, in addition to the ordinarycontents of a firtclasscookery-book, plain instructions how to dine from two to twenty, or any larger number of persons, in a recherchi and economical style, which affords the utmost variety of choice, but occasions the least amoUnt of trouble or expense. It iswholy impossible toselecta more a=Prepriateu useful,and acceyiableglt for daughter, sister, or matron than this Wife'sOwn Boosof Cokery"pe 3s. 6d.), or " Treasnres in Needlework." by Mrs. WaZren and Mrs. Pllan (price 8s. 6d., richiy gilt), or the " Prctical Housewife," by the editors of the b F'amily rend" (price 2s. .. strongly bound). These books ha-e been univesalUy commended, and should find a place in every household. If the choice goes beyondthese reslly cheap, good, and inevructive volumes. Elegant Arts for Ladies" jE out Ss 6d.), and "1Becbsteines Handbook of Chamber and Cage Birds" (us't out, 2s 6d.), are books that mustProve both agreeableandinstructive. Betterworksdonotexist. Theyarebeautifully lustrated. Publisbed by Ward and Loclc, 158, leetetreet, and mold by all booksellers. [Advertisement.]-" Journal of Adventures vith the Bntish Army, from the Commeacemeht of the War to the Fall of Sebastopol, by George Cavendish Taylor, late 95th Regiment, 2 vols. Just pu lshed.-" In the journal of an inteligent and impartial observer who had opportunities of becoming peronilly cogaizant of the facts, and who deposes to them without fear orfavour, we myepc to ad the most faithful re,presentation of what actuallytook lae. Euch a witness we have m the author of the volumes before us. Mingling, as he naturally did, with his former brother oflicers, he had 'opportunities of obtaining information and of seeing tbings with his -own eyes such as no civilian could hope to enjoy; aud hebrougbt,mncreover, to his observ ations a certsin amount of DrofeesiorAl discernment which would enable him to formn a reidier and more correct judgment. The evidencewhich these volumes contain is eoeeddingyTJuabie. The real state of things is here exhibited in true colous. Consideraole lght is thrown on the general conduct of the war and the tonditlon f our army; and onnsay of the pOinattto hotldoctroverted thke pas before us fur-nisth materiala for atitolerably dea rand hepastial judgSent.,-! ' Jelri >lti)," gurst anXl Blackett, publishers,
-VIC-CRAlLLORs' COURTS, Alm- 4. VOODS V. THE INDUSTRIAL GENERAL LF ASSURAN'CE AND DEPOSIT CORPANY. (Before Vicc-Chancdkor Sir L T. XnD;msr,xy.) Mr. SwANsTorN and Mr. W. W. COOPER moved in this case, upon answer, for an injunction to restrain the directors of the above company from maling any payment in the name of the compnany, from using any other name than 'that of the Industrial General Assurance and Deposit'Com- pany, and from tasing any steps to carry that into effect undeit these circumstances --In the year 1855 the above' company was formed as a joint-stock company with -a capital of 100,0001. in 40,000 shares, with a deosit 21. 10s. each,'and the plaintiff wras a bolder oE 1 upon vhich all calls and deposit had been paid. The company carried on -the usual business of an insurance company, and, by the deed of settlement, there were powers given to the directors to cal an extraordinary general meet:ing and accept terms of arrangement with any other comnpany-of a simlar nature, and that a dissolution of the company might take place. under the p3owers contained fin the deed, by two extraordinary general meetings to pass and confirm resolut;.ons to that effect with the consent of three-fourths of the shareholders, within a limited period'; and that, after such dissolution, the directors should, out of the funds, pay all claims upon the comoany, and after conversion into money divide the surplus; if any, among the proprietors of shares according to their rights, notwithstanding thedissolution. Such was the general scope ofthe deed, npon the terms of which and upon what had taken place the principal questions arose. In October last some of the drectorsarrangedwiththe dectors of the "People's Provident Life Assurance Society" that the defendants' company, as a separate concern, should cease, and that the two companies should be amalgamated, the Board of Directors being composed of both sets of directors ; and on the 30th of that month a printed circular was -sent to each shareholder, including the plaintiff, headed, "The Industrial General Life Assurance and Deposit Company," and being a notice that an extraordinary eneral meeting of the shareholders and members would be held on Tuesday the 23d of October, at 2 o'clock, at the offices, No. 2, Waterloo-place, to take into consideration a proposition made by the directors of the People's Provident Life Assurance Society to amalgamate the buiness of the two comn panies, and that, if such prooostion were adopted, a resohition would be submitted to diolve the company, to enable the directors duly to carry out the arrangement contemplated. This circular was accompanied by a letter setting out the advantages of what was proposed, and stating that the income of the Industrial Assurance Company being 28,0001., and that of the People's Provident Assurance Society 23,0001., a bonzts of Is. per share would be - therefore secured to the shareholders of the former. The meetin" was stated to have taken place, and on the -th of lNfovem'er a printed notice was served on the plaintiff and others of an extraordinary general meeting to be held on the 13th, to confirm the resolutions before come to as to the dissolution of the company; whereupon, on the l2th, the plaintiff wrote to the chainnan that he was advised that the proposed amalgamation could not be carried out under the provisions of the deed of settlement, and no shareholder br policy holder was bound by any of the proceedings. The meetmg took place, the resolutions vwere confirmed, and this bill was filed to have the dissolution declared illegal and void upon the injunction. The plaintiffs case was, that the dissolution referred to in the deed meant an entire windingp of the affairs; that the proceedings -which had taken place were contrary to the constitution of the company and it was competent for the plaintiff; or any one shareholder to object. Tle defendants, by their answer, admitted the main facts, but argued that upon the terms of the deed they were authorized to do what they had done, and the whole transaction resulted from the affairs of the Industrial Company being in such a position as to make the amalgamation desirable and necessaryfrom an actual deficiency in the accounts. Mr. Rolt, llr. Baily, and Mr C. C. Berkeley appeared for al the defendants, the directors; Mr. Glasse and Mr. M'Christie appeared for the manager of the ldefendants' company. The case is still proceeding. (Before rce-CianclZor Si- T. STuART.) HAVWKER V. HALLEWELL-RE EDWARDS' CLAIT This was a motion on behalf of the plaintiff, seeking to vary the certificate of the chief clerk, and that the name of Mr. Edwards should be struck out of the schedule of creditors entitled to the benefit of the decree made inDecember, 1853, in this cause by which the trusts of an indenture of the 8th of August, 1853, were directed to be performed, so far as they affected the moneys settled by the plaintiff by that deed. By that deed large sums of money of .the plaintiff and of a relative of his were vested in Mr. Eallewel anld another trustee, upon trust, to distribute the ssene among the creditors of the plaintiffand to pay the residue to the plaintiff. - Many creditors came in under the decree. lMr. Edwards was one of these, and the chief clerk had allowed him, as a creditor for -1,0001., interest and costs. This sum had been secured to Mr. Edwards by the bonds of the plaintiff, dated in 1835, the plaintiff being then in di'ficulties, and it was given in consideration of 2a0., and was to be paid in the contingency of the plaintiff surviving two other persons. In 1842, and before the contingency had happened, the plaintiff took the benefit of the Insolvent Debtors Act, and Mr. Edwards' debt was inserted in the schedule, but M-. Edwards did not attempt to prove his debt under the insolvency. The chief clerk allowed the debt. Mr. MuLms and Mr. RoXBURGsH now appeared in support of the plaintiff's motion. They contended that the debt of Mr. Edwards was a debt provable under the insolvency, and referred to the 1st and 2M of Victoria, chap. 110, by the 75th section of which they submitted that the plaintiff was discharged from the several debts and sums of money due or claimed to be due- from him, and that 3fr. Edwards' debt was within the meaning of this section - and they contended that, although the debt wras not then payable, it was la debt for which iprovision was made by the 80th section of the act, and that its value might have been ascertained in the insolvency under that section, and that Mr. Edwards had no claim ag-ainst the subsequent assets of the insolvent. Mr. Bacon and Mr. Freeling appeared for the defendants, the trustees,but the COURT declined to hear them in support of the plaintiff's motion. M. Cairns and Mr. Amphlett were for Mr. Edwards, but were not heard. The VICE-CHANCELLOR, after reading the words of the two sections of the act which had been referred to, proceeded to say-The language makes it necessary that a debt, to be proved under the act, should be actually existing at the time. Now, in the present case, from the very terms of the obligation, there was at tle time of the insolvency no existing debt at all, for upon the happening of a certain event the obligation was to cease. Therefore at the time of the insolvency it was uncertain whether there was any debt at all or not. It is obvious, from the language of the act, that it - refers to the case of debit2ur in prmscnti, but solvend-urn iin fuduro. The langaae of the act refers to any sum absolutely due at the tune, but payable at a future time. In my opinion, the chief clerk has properly certified that Mr. Edvvards is a creditor for l,00Ol. on this bond. An objection has been taken that in 1842- the plaintiff, who is the obligor in this security, became an insolvent debtor, andthat M1r. Edwards, who is certified to be a creditor ought to have gone in under the insolvency, have had his security valued, and have taken his payment under the insolvency. If ho were a creditor at that time I can understand the argument, for I find that the 75th section of the Insolvent Debtors Act, taken in connexion with the SOth section, ses language which refers to inch a case as that. It has been argued that this is a case of debt which existed at the time of the insolvency, but which was liable to be defeated; but may opinon is that it was not such an existing debt so Liable to be defeated upon any event. Upon the plainest principles of the law of contract, this gentleman was not a creditorwho could go in and prove his debt under the insolvency. Upon every. view of the case my opinion is that there is no ground for saying that Mr. Edwards had a rght to prove his debt and be paid under the insolvency. The motion must -be refused, with costs, to be paid by the plaintiff personally. Mrr. Greene and l)r. Dickinson appeared for other creditors in other motions. The order was by arrangement made on all the motions. (Before Vice-Chancetlls SiW. P. WOOD.) LYTTON V. THE GREAT TNORTRN RAIL-WAY. T¶ie Great Northerni RallwayCompanyagreedto purchase,' for the purposeofconstructing their ine, certain- rtions of Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton's estate at Knebworthin Hertfordshire. In the memorandum of. agreement, which was dated the 5th of June, 18I4, it was agreed that the company should " make, form, and construct, and' hereafter maintain so long as the same shall be of convenience, a siding connected with their railway at Broadwater, together withall necessary a.pproaches thereto for public use, for the receptionand deiveryofgoods, ^vares, merchandise, and otherimatters and things, to andfrom the sourrounding neighbourhood, including the tenants and otlier persons on the estate of the said Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton.' The company had laid down a line of side raUs at Broadwater'to communicate with the main line, and had subsequently proposed to move the sidingfromthe uptothe down line, to make a" spur" so as to enable ful and empty wagons to be separated, and to put up signals for day use. They declned, however, to buid any landing platform, or to put up any sheds, c. at the siding, according to the requirements of the plainl tiff, who had accordingly filed his bill for specific performance of the agreement, the queation beingwhat was included under the term "siding together with all necessary approaches. &c._ :Gr. WILLCOCK and Mr. HETIERISGTON, for the plaintiff, contended that the words of the agreement could only be complied with by the erection by the company of a land' ing platform and sheds, together with all necessaries for the reception and delivery of goods, and tnat it could not be maintained that the company had Performed their part by simply laying down a line of side rails or " turn-out." Mr. T. STEvENs (with whom was Mr. Rolt), for the company contended that it would be most unreasonable,- and contrary to the fair consructio of the agreement that the company should be e.xpected to erect x private goods station for the benefit of the plaintiff. They were hounmdtolay down side rails, and nothing more; and this was all that " siding" could be interpreted to mean. The case was not concluded at the rising of the Court. -Advertisement.]-Amnsing Library.-The Book of the Day!I-` The Life and Adventures of Jules Geard, the far-famed I Ion XillWor,'coprising his Ten Yesas Campaigns amonirthe lions of Northemn Africa." Price 2g. Undoubtedly the most extraordinjy book of adventureseverpublisbed, contaningexploitg and eoinbat of Jfarmore remarkable character than those of Gordon Cumning and. sdbers, aad acandn all the intense interest of the most excti -7 ar;eaiac.Tewrk a roducd an imeaeention on the cout- Xcprevent mistake,.roOdsiibirDa older wvor. orderhee Qo mPleta Adventures of Gnd the Lien Kiler "published ij Lsmbeita h u sa o,42 e Ofr-tet ondon; andael t allbookc-I
COUBTOF 3 ZEKUPT-CYBaznAvtrc, Ar;E J. IN BE: EPZrER STAINSIIY (Before Mr. Conmmi2sioIPP AVA' VI This was the certificate meeting in the caee of Peter Stainsby, smelter and mamufacturer of Bishopste_stre4 and elsewhere. The bankrupt had been largely engaged in mining operations, having acted as treasurer to severfl mining companies, and being liable for large amounts in tbat character. Mr. BAGLEY, for the assignees, said that at the beginning of 1853 the banlkupt had an alleged capital of 45,336., consisting almost entirely ofi property in mines, a eort of property liable to great fluctuation ; and in February. 1855, whken hepetitionedthisCourtder the arrangement clauses, his property had been xeduced to 8,00L. or 10,000. His liabilities now amounted to 43,6601. The creditors comprised threeclasses-first, shareholders in mines of which the bankrupthad acted as chairman or 'treasurer, amounting to 18,85U.; secondly, persons towhom he stood in the character .of trastee, 7,6431.; thily,private creditors, 17,1521. Owing to hisextensive knowledge of mining transactions he bad been trusted with the management of several mines, from which.he had derived,an income in one year of 4359. Of the.mines of which he had been treasurerhe hadreceived the proceeds, and in some cases deposits had been paid to him by shareholders in new mines,.-o condition that these .SUmS should be returned if the speculations were not caried out.. In applyingthese deposits to his own purooses, it was contended that the bankruapt had been guilty of a breach of trmt, which, if not punished criminally, would be takenx cognizance of by this Court. In one case the bankrapt had applied to his own. purposes a sum of monev which had *come into. his hands. as.executor. Towards the closeof his trading he had borrowed money at large rates of interest; Mr. Thomas Eing, of' St. Michael!s-hill-alley, Cohill, *was a creditor for 3,12W. .This was lent at the rate of 20 per cent., the interest payable quarterly in advance. There were other similar instanceg, and at the time of these transactions the banlkrpt must have known that failure was inevitable. In favour of the bankrupt it should be stated that he had kept good- bools, which wm primnd facic evidence of good intentions. His exuditurelad not been excessive, and since the bankrptcy he had givenL allthe assistance in his powerto the assignees. Mr. RosMsoN opposed for Mr. Thomas Spencer, of the~ Vulcan Works, Westbromwich, a creditor forfl5W. The bankrupt bad sold Mr. Spencer 200. shares in a mine, called. the Union Tin-mine, -which. he represented to be in a flourishing condition. The shares were never transferred, *but the bankrupt made >r. Spencer believe that he 'wan ;properly registered as the ower of the shares, there beinmg no scrip. In December, 1854, the company was disscolved, .and a return wvas made on the shares. Mr. Stainshyre.ceived the money due on M-. Spencer's shares, 55W. d - retained it. Mr. Spencer deposed to the circumstances attending the transaction. He was the largestironbroker in Staffordshire, .being broker to the chairman of the Irorumasters CoXnpany. H 3e had made an application to become agent for the -com:pany, and agreed to purchase 200 shares. In payment for the shares he had accepted a biUfor8Q.16s. The shares were to betansferred wBen the bills became due, January -the7th,1854. Aboutthat time hehadseveralinterviews with the bankrupt, and the bankrupt wished him to hold the shares as a guarantee for anymoney that might pass through his hands as broker. The bankrupt told him in January -lat thatthe shires vere transferred to his n . He (Mr. Spencer) asked for the scrip, and continued to s& this for months. The bankrapt said they were different from otber shares, and he would give no written undertaking, but that he (the bankrupt) was the holder, and that the Ohares were in his (Mr. Spencer's) name. Some time after tlelaukrupt informed him by letter that the Union Tin Company was about to be wound up, and that all the capital would be returned.- He requestedthebankrapt inthatevent not todeal-with or dispose of the shares. He never bea=4 from. him-that any money had been paid back on the sh..es. By Mr. LEh'XILATER (for the banikrupt,L-He had inself petitioned the Birmingham Bankruptcy Court under the, arrangement clauses. lie owed 88,000., and his creditors proposed.that'he should pat a composition of 2s. &d. in the pound; thbis had been obtained, and he obtained a releazewithout 1?ankruntcy. Altogether he had paid the bankrupt 3,0001., and only held 100 Mendip-hill shares for it. He first. learnt that the Union Tin Company's shares were not in l4s name when Mr. Stainsby came to this Court; aud the' bankrupt told him that the shares were very valuable and. that it was a very paying concern. By Mr. ROBDZSO.N.-me only knew after the bankruptey that money had been returned on the Union Tin shares. The bankrupt, examined by Mr. LLNI Xn, said,-Recommenced as mining agent upwards of 20 years ago. For 20 years before he had been in a banking-house. This *as his. first misfortune. He began with a capital of 5,00W. or6,0001. In January, 1853, -he had a capital of upwards. of-45,000L. Many of the shares he heldhad realized more than the price nut uponthem. He wasagent for 15 mines.. He had but onfe banking account for aU these concerns. He was the largest shareholder in all of them, and in nmany he held a majority of the shares. There were no. directors, and the mnies-'ereon the oost-book principle. It was known to the shareholders that he kept the accounts. this way. He was indebted as 'executor only.2,tiOOl., not upwards of 7,00W., as -represented by Mr. Bagley. It iws. distinctly-untrue that he ever told Mr. Spencer that theUnion Tin shares w-re standing in his name, and he never asked him the question. He (the bankrupt) was still the holder of 1,448 shares in the UJon Tin Companiy, and had been so ever since r. Spencer purchased of him. Whenf5o percent. wasreturnedtothe ihareholders, Mr. Spencerfs namenot appearing in the list -the return was mot made to him. The reason why the shares were not transferred to Mr. Spencer was that he had never applied for them. In that year there passed in cash through his hands upwards of: 247,0001., and the non-returm of the money for the shares hadbeen purely accidental. By Xr. B GLEY.-The deposits received by him on the Gurling Mine went into his account as treasurer, and the money wa applied to his purposes, as a banker would apply mponey intrusted to him. He never told the shareholders. in the mines that he kept all the moneys mixed up together, or that he applied the same to his own uses lIe also ap-- plied his own money to their purposes. He received eomemoney on account of Mrs. Eubird, for which be paid her 5 per cent. interest. He would not swear that he had never told 3rs. Hubbard tht the money was invested He_-. believed he had not. His Ho.ouR said, he would consider his judgment. BRE Hr. cox. The banpt was a grocer and draper, of Reading. Mlr. CmnLEY applied on his behalf for a certincate; Mr.. HrGES, for the assignees, did not oppose. Second class certificate granted. . X(Bcfore Mr. Commf.sioner Fm\m) rs RE J. G. PERES. The bankrupt was the surviving partner of Perkins an. Son, stockbrokers, of Warmford-court. The accounts bave already been published. This was the certificate meetin. Mffr. CHIDIY, 'for the assignees, did not oppose, and the. COuT granted an irmmediate certiicate of the second class.
I INSOLVTN DEBTORS COURT, priZ 4. IN RE THO:AS AlVEY. I fBefore MIa CorMitWr YTIRPnV. This insolvent, a builder, in Howland-street, Tottenhamcourt-road, was opposed by Mr. Sergeant Thomas, for Mr. Onions, an artist, the detaining creditor. Mr. Sargood supported, with l.fr. RteeiL In 185 31r. Onions, who lived near the insolvent, was indicted for a libel, and sentenced to three months' imprisonment. The insolvent had been employed in his studioas a builder, and paid 35L. r. Onions complained that he had not -Xroperly done the. work. Before the indiciment .was tried, theinsolventofferedtotakeeareof bus ictures and other things, and they were removed to o'wlandstreet. After -?r. Onions got out out of prison, lie required. the pictures, &c., which the insolvent refused to deliver, and. made a claim of 791. as due to him. An action wasbrought; by Mr. Onions in trover to recover the property, to whlch the insolient pleaded, and the cause was not proceeded <with till June, 1855. In the preceding :fMarch, te insolvent calcd in two- appraisers and they condemned the pictures, ko., at 241 5s., and the whole had been sold, he alleged, to one Culley, or Calingford, for 25., and he was now- stated tobe in:usria. The allegedsale was treatd as a pretence by Mr. Onions, to whose action the insolvent 'had pleaded that he detained the pictures for a claim he had against him. On the trial the iury fouand for 72., the value of the propertyr, and the insolvent, being in execution for debt and costs, applied to be'dischaged. Several witnesses on both aides were examined in this court. Mr. Onions stated that the three pictures were worth upwards of 1,0OL, and that the insolvent had offered -to take care of the property, -Ind Ms Onions eorroborated his-evidence. On the other hanxl, the infovent alleged that he was aiced to take care of the pictures and wasto be ,paid rent. One of the three pictures was by Savator Rosa, said to be worth 200E -Mr. y a ictre dealer, said he sold it to 31r. Onions for 30s. or 21., and he got a good profit out of it. -He gave "8s." for the picture. In answer to the Conmiissioner, Mr. hngley-, said, *that-"ncient -masters -were now az much manufactured as formerly." Another picture was a Titian, said to be worth 1M3l., and had been valued by the appraiersat ., while the Salvator Rosa had been priced at 3C- The insolvent alleged that he did not kmnow where to find Culley. The person who bad served the insolvent with the writ in the action stated, that he had said, if the picture was worth 6001. Onions should not have one penny, as he would o to prison. IMr. Berjeant ThAoS asked the Court to require theattendance of Culley, to whom itwasalleged the picture had been sold, or that satisfactory evidence should be given oyx the subiect.i It was clear that Mr. Onions had been defrauded of his property. - Mr. SARGOOD contended that tbe insolvent had a right to. sell the pictures. The case ws either one of honesty on his part or he had committed a robbery on Mr. Onions. - Mr.-CommissionerMuRPlly reviewed theconllictinrg drcumstances, and was of opinion that, hen the vent. -theproperty into his-possession, his cupidity induced iim to hold the same until the clais e alleged had been paid.. The jury had found for 6724,'and; bound ashe wasto respect that verdict, with the-evidence given, lie wa of opinion that there had been a breach of trust, and to a veryserious extent. He would give the insolvent anoppocunityto restore the pictures, or to give some evidence reepeetingthe alleged purchase. : The cae was adjourned to the 2d of May,
SPRIVG ASSIZES. NORTHERN CIRCUIT. ILIVEUPOOTL APRIL 3. CCivx CO ttRl-(Bcfon± M0. Justice WILLES anti a Spo6aci Jury.) T;kYLOR A,snD ANOTHER V. WA.sKEFIELD. Mr. Watson, 0.C.. tc. . Hil, Q.C.. an.d Mr. Xilvard appeated for the Vlaintifis, tnd Mr. Serjeant 'Wilkdis and -Xr. Manisty apearedortie defendants. The action wvas brought by the pa.intiff, Mr. William 'Gaettet Taftlor. at present cxrryiig on Linting Mills at 'Taanworth against the defendart, WVilliais Wakefield and. 'William ienry Wakefield, who are cousins, and each of them Tprtners in the finr. of Sa.efield, Crew<lson and Co., lankaz at Kendal, in 'Westmoreland. Mnr WxkTrON, in opening t'he plaintiffs ease, said tlat thevpiintiffwas a gentean'a d avanced 'i7 years, and bad Tcome before thlem that day to complain, mot mnerely of the detention of his preperty, 'obt of a me&t cowardly assault wh:ch had been comnittelupon him onCZhe 13th of August inlast year by the defendants, who were young and able 2anen. It appeare that in the ye.ar :ISS the plaintiff had 'entered into tan rraugeent with Mecssrs. Williamt and -John WYaithsan, wno were at 'that timc engaged in large business us millownera at Burton-in-Holnie and 'Gate Beck, in: Weroreland, 'wth the view of introducin ; patt for making lint, which Messrs. WsVaitlunan were to carry out in their mills, and the plaintiff was to be remanerated according to a certain Scale of profits-thesecret-of the patent o be considered the prepertyetthe plairWtff An agrcensnt was accordingly drawn upanasignedthyth-eparties,whichwas to remain in forcefor sevenycars, bsut,'in consequence of soine change in their ls, afresh agreement wee entered into in the year lS51 Some diSerences, however, then arose betwee the plaintiff nd Messrs. W-dthman, which ended in the plaintiff ini;stitu'ing legal proceedings against them, and by mutual agreemernt 'all matters were eventually referred to ,abitration, and on the 30th of October, 1854, an award wascunade bvhwhidh the sum of l,500Lw was declared to be due totise plaintiff; and it was further decreed that the plaintiffshonidhave the option of continuing at the works,mpon paying forithe value of the nmahinery. The award Ba scarcely been made one week, wlhen the plaintiff, happening to be 'in Manchester, was surprised to find a paragrarh inone of theocal papers announcing the stoppgeof niesss. Vaithman and Co., and flnt tihe bank of 3139mrs. Wakefield and Co., of Kendal -were mortgagees to the extent of 80;0Q0l. In a short time, 3essrs. Waithiman were daily declared bankrupts, and Mr. William Wakefield, one-of the defendants, and Mfr. Coulson, of Lancaster, wer-a appointed assignees of the bank. rupt's estate, Mr. Bernaman being offidal assignee. The defendant nowv seeing that his claim against the estate was hopeless in the face ef-such a mortgage, made proposals for takin? the mills, and, after much negotiation, it wvas agreed in Fenruary, 1823, that Mr. Grundy, of Manchester, should mrake as.luation-of the mnachinery,which he did, estimating it at 8131, and the plaintiff attended by appointment, and marked the machinery which he proposed to take; but, not beinz prepared to pay for it, it was then settled that the aintiff should carry on the works at Holme-milU at a rent of V. 'per week, afterwards increased to 71., in consideration of some trifling addition which had been made to the machinery. It seemed that about this time the anortga^ees 'had pressed him to take Gate Beck-mill also, which the plaintiff refused. Matters had proceeded thus far,andtheplaintiff'being in possession, continued toDpay his rent until thc month of Mfay, w.hen the mortgagees served him wvith a notice to discontinue his tenancy in 21 days, this poswer being reserved to them in the agreement. Upon this the plaintiff, considering that he was at liberty to become the purchaser of any art of the m.achinery upon payment of its value, and gtat a sale wvas about to take place, tendered the sum of 2721., the amount of the hinting machinery of Solme-mill, to the defendant William Wakefield; and on the morning of the 13th of August the plaintiff vas proceedig with his carts and men to remove the machinery fromthe milU to the Burton-in-Holme Railway station, to be sent to Tamnwertb, when he was met by the defendants, (who had arrived by the train from Kendal), who instantly insisted that the machinery should not be removed; and, in spite of all remonstrance on the part of the plaintiff, who asserted that he was acting under advice, and, having made his tender, was simply doing what the law permiittedhim to do, the defendant William Henry Wakefield seized the horse's bridle, and, observing that the plaintiff still continued to hold the horse, struck the plaintiff two blows about the neck, which caused him to stagger, and, while in that state, the other defendant, Villiam Wakefield, who was on the other side of the cart, also struck him a Niolent blow on the side, which caused him to fall, and, some bystanders having interfered, and, among others, a man named Wilson, who threatened to " wall up" the defendant W. H. Wakefield's eyes if he made such an attack again on such a nian as the plaintiff. The plaintiffthen. being very cicited and unwell, wasabout to go home, when the defendants offered to make it all right if he would leave the machinery and come to Kendal the next morning; to which the plaintiff replied that they might have made that offer before using any violence. lUponthe followingmorningthe plaintiff went to Kendal,and saw the defendants, and again contended that at a former interview, when he had handed them the valuation, they had given hin permission to take away any part of the 'machinery. He also said that the loss w.-as most serious to him at that moment, inasmuch as he had taken another mill at Tarnworth and had received an order for 20,0001b. oFlint forthe Crimea from Messrs. Savoryand Co. of London. The meeting terminated very abruptly, without any fin,l understanding being come to, and after numerous attempts at reconciliation and much correspondence between the solicitvrs, covering a period of some months, the plaintiff issued the writ against the defendants in January last; whereupon the defendants paid into court the sumof 101., alleging that to be the full measure of damages suffered by the plaintiff. The learned counsel then called the plaintiff, who detailed the facts as above stated; and, having proved the tender of the money and the value of the machinery, called the two carmen who witnessed the assault, and gave similar testirmony to that of the plaintiff. Mr. 3LUNISTY-, wvho had subjected the plaintiff to a rigid cross-examination, then addressed the jury. He said that in consequence of the unexpected but unavoidable absence of his leamred leader, Mfr. Serjeant Wilkins, the duty of addressing them on behalfof the defendants had fallen upon him. He most strenuously denied that the defendants had ever raised a hand against the plaintiff, and that in intercepting the machinery they were only doing that which they believed they were justified in doing as owners of the property. He also insisted that the defendants had never given plainti by word orhy writing, any permission whatever to take away a portion of the machinery. They had offered him the w hole of it, which he had refused; and in conclusion, the learned counsel asserted that the defendants were highly honourable men and not likely to tke any unfair advantage of the plaintiff, and had made ample reparation by the sum they had paid into court. He then called the defendant William Wakefield, who denied that he had ever seen the paper containing the valuation produced bytthe plaintiff bere that day. He also stated that he had never given the plaintiff leave to take away the " linting" macllinery at the end of his tenancy, but that the whole machinery was to be taken away, or none. He said his cousin merely pushedthe plaintiff away from the horse's head, and that he had never lifted his hand to the plaintiff; but he admitted (in crossexamination) that the plaintiff did stagger a little after his cousin had pushed him. William Henry Wakefield, of rather an athletic appearance confirmed the statement made by his cousin, as to the machinery, and denied having struck the plaintiff, though he hadi certainly pushed against him, Upon beingcross-examined by Mr.WATsON, he said he was not a famous wrestler, hut that jumping was his forte, and he owned that he had given the plaintiff a strong push. MEr. M3rs'ry having summed up the evidence, - r. WATsON replied in a very earnest appeal to the Jury, urgPing thatthe defendants had undoubtedly given -the plaintiff permission to take any part of the machinerv upon .aying the value which had been agreed upon, and, in reply te the remarks which had been made as to the neces-aity forthis action, he could only say that the defendants mnust be taucht that those who wvent to transact business under the influence of angry feelings would assuredly have to ay for it .he learned JluDGE havinz summed up at some length, The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-damages, 501. The trial occupied nearly the whole day. )r.3aron Martin was engaged in the Crown Court disposingof cases on the conmmon jury list presenting no featuns of public interest. APRM 4. SEcoyns CoeU'srT-(Before -Mr. Baron SLums- and a Coinmnon Jury.) -'aLY-rrtE AND ANOT¶lER V. TAYLErR. This was an an action for a breach of contract, brou-ht by -the,plaintiFr, who are merchants and shipowners in iverpool, against the defendant, who is the proprietor of the rnnk .uayFoundry at Warrington, and largely engaged in the'bsfsineszcf iron shipbuilding. Mr. Atherton, Q.C., and Mr. Manisty appeared for the alaintiffs; and MIr. James Wilde, (2.C., and M1r. Hind..ceh fortthe defendant, It.appeared hat the defendant had contracted with the ulainti to build and deliver to them in January, 1854, an 4ron ipeer, w:ch the plaintiffs had informed the de- tney intended for the Brazilian trade; but, olwin So the :reat difficulty which the defendant bad experienced zn obt aning workman, who were at that timne in great demand ineonsequenceof the numerous Government orders £or sdphiillding, the defendant wvas unable to complete his cantract by the stipulated period, and the clipper D<-Deerslaye') was nct delivered to the plaintiffs until nine montjhs afterwards-viz, in October, 18.54; and the 'plaintif nowr sought to he remunerated for the loss v hich hey 'had nistained by tlhe delay-alleging that the ship mnight well -hare made rt:-D voyags to the Brazils within that time, thle profits of wh'ich they estimated at 2,7001.; oaxd in order to substantiate .teir claim the plaintiffs caRed several bwkers znd shipowners, who proved that the freights to the Brazils were nnr.enally high in the year 1854, and- that 25 per ent. was obtained at that time, after making allowance for all outlay and depreciation in value. Mr. WILDE, Q.C., upon the part of the defendant, contended thbit the sum of 25fl'. wbhic_ had been paid into court was abundantly suffieient to cover all possible loss which theplaintiffs could have sustained, and after mentioning, asa vetI curious coincidenice conniected with t1sis intuiy the circunstance of the unfoatirnate Deerslayer 5lrino been totally wrecked in the Channel -upon er rst voyage, proved, by the testimioy of various owywre and persons engaged in the shipping-. trade, that 10 per cent. '-was a very fair real average profit, exclusive af repairs, aC. The leained counsel also pointed out to the jrw that the plaintiffs had the uise of their money, amotUl to 4,4001., the cost of the clipper in tne fizst instance, which wvas certainly worth 5 per cent. at the pezriod h ,2Tg%w;Os Q.C., in reply, indignantly denied that this was a speciulative4cttion, evir,Dng an appetite for costs; He pressed' unAut nhe jury the feet that at the time the pIaintiKs paid the dfendantan finstalIment on account of flwe veeue1 they ki4 dl,sjjXtly informed him that they should Ni a ciAm for the delay, which they were willing to refer Io any competent arbitrator. - Thelearned JUDGE havingsummedlup, the juryreturned averdict for 4001., being 15t0. beyond the amount paid into court.
RWVT'ZRPP lfTRflTCT'r TATTNT>ION APR1T. 3 CROWV? COURT.-(Beforc Mr-. Jutice CROWDER) John Haine was indicted for setting fire to a barn and outbulildings at Preston Plucknett, on the 168h of February, the propertyof Mr. Hawkins. Atr. tole nras counsel for the prosecution, amd Mr. Edwards for the prisoner. It appeared that on the night of the 16th of February the premises were discovered to be on fire. As the prosecutor's servant was driving his vun from Yeovva to Preston on the Might of the 16th of February the iarisoner, who was a shoemaker, asked bin to let him ride, but the servant refused. The prisoner dten ran along after the van util he reachedPreston; the servant then put up his horse. He had not any light with him.' as it was a moonlight night. He reached home about half-past 11 o'clock at nigist. All thc- premises w ere then safe. WVhen the fire was disoovered it appeared to have cosumenced in the thatch of the roof of the wvaggon-house, whses could be touched by any one st.anding on tie ground. This part of the building was not on the side necarest the road. The fire was seen shortly !afterthe prisoner was first seen at Preston. The whole place wras soon in a blae, and it was 10 minutes before 12 I'clock when it was first seen, and just before that the gate llcading into the barton in which thc waggonl-house v,was situated ; wvas heard to rattle, as if smce one was getting over it. It appeared by tihe evidence of some of the witnesses that the prisoner lodged at ahouse verynear tlis barton, and on the night in question, after his arrival from Yeovil, he went in and out of his lodgings three tines, and in 10 minutes after he caue -in the last tine the fire was seen. Two persons were heard passing near the premises about 10 minutes before the dire broke out, but one witness stated that he saw the prisonerSgo along the road, and turn off just as he carme to the lane leading to the barton. as if going down the lane. He then lost sight of him, but in 20 minutes afterwards he saw the fire burst out. There had been a fire at Mr. Dunn's on the 20th of January, about half-a-mile from these premises. On the day after that fire the prisoner was at Norman's house; Norman said it was a pity the wheat and the wool had been burnt. The prisoner said, " Oh,-, it was not half a fire; it did not half burn. I should like to see a good fire at Preston. I should like to see the barn on fire, because it would snake a good one." After the present fire the prisoner said ho wanted to find out who had said that he set it on fire, for he would match them one way or other, and he did not care if they were bunit in their beds; that no person had seen him do it, for if they had they would have told of it. He said, if he saw aU Preston on fire he would not help to put out a thing. A man named Rodburn was with the prisoner at Dunn's-river the sowing after that fire ; he said itwas iot half a fire. Rodburn asked him how he knew, as he was not there. The prisoner said he was under the bridge and saw it all, and in the couse of two or three weeks they should have a - sight better fire. He slsould like to see old Dunn's house on fire and the old - burnt in his bed. A msan named Bragg was about 25 yards off, but did not hear this con- versation. Mr. EDVwARDS addressed the jury upon the case, urging upon them that there was no evidence upon which they could convict the prisoner. The learned JUDGE having sunsmed up the case, The jury returned a verdict of Guilty, and the prisoner was sentenced to be transported for 14 years. William Ryan, Mark Fawkes, Henry Dufferty, and Thomas Dallimore were indicted for having, on the 8th of November, burglariously broken and entered the house of William Hooper, at Stanton Priors, and stealing therefrom a vast number of articles. The jury found a verdict of Guzilty against Ryan and Dallimore, and Acquitted the other two prisoners. As there are other indictments against the prisoners, the sentence was deferred.
THE MAiTs.-SouTHiurrox, April 4.-The Peninsular and Oriental Conmpany's screw steanmship Pera, Captain Soy, sailed for Gibraltar, Mfalta, and Alexandria this afternoon with the India, China, and Mediterranean mails, about 70 nassengers and on freight 491,4S4L. in specie, of which 490,044. is for India, and the remainder for Alexandria. The specie was packed in 1,766 boxes, and was conveyed frounjLondon, per South-Western Railway, to Southampton in 17 specie waggons. Among the Pera's passengers are Major Stuart, for Aden; Dr. Rose, for Penang; Captain Fabins, for Singapore; Colonel Holand, for Bombay; Dr. Boursie, for Calcutta; Mlajor Biggs, for Madras; Captain Clark, and Colonel and the Hoon. Mirs. Gage, for Malta. rne Euxine, Captain Joy, with the homerward portion of the India, China, and Mediterranean mails,, is not expected until about the 8th or 9th inst., in consequence of her being compelled to convey the Overland mails to MarseiWes in the place of the screw steamship Alhambra, which vessel has become damaged in the machinery, and will be despatched to Southampton for repairs. The duties of the Alhambra Nill be resumed by the Valetta. The Tagiis, Captain J. Weeks, will sail with the mails for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar on Monday next. The Royal Mail Company's steamship Tamar, Captain Bevis, vwith the mails for Lisbon, Mad eira,Teneriffe St. Vincent's, Pernambuco, Bahia, Rio Janeiro, Montevideo, and Buenos Ayres, will leave on the 9th inst. The Tay, CaptainBrvdges, 'with the homeward portion of the Brazilian and River Plate mails, is expected to arrive early next week. The United States' mail steamer Hermann, Captain Higgins, is hourly expected to arrive off Cowes en route for Bremen, with the German, French, and English mails, and dates from New York to the 22d nit. The Arago, Captain ines, 'with the outwrard portion of the French and English mails, will sail from Have and Southampton for New York on WVednesday next. As forn SurPosE CASE OF PosOIXO-G.-Some suspicious circumstances baving recently transpired respectin the death of a Mrs. Ashmall, the wife of a farmer at Eiall, Burntwood, Staffordshire, the body has been exhumed, and an investigation 'was commenced before the coroner, Mr. W. Ward, at the Star Inn, Burmtwood, yesterday. Mrs. Ashmall died in March last year, and Er. Ashmall has since married a servant girl who was in his serrice during the lifetime of the deceased. As the result of the coroner's investigation has not reached us, it would not be proper to state the circumstances 'which induced an application for authority to exhume the body. A post m2o'tt examination has been made, and it is. expected that the intestines will he forwarded to Professor Taylor for analysis. Mrs. Ashmall was not attended by any medical man before her decease. A LUNATIC.-A man named William Tlhomas, a baker, underwent a private examination on Monday before two magistrates acting for the Bridgwater division of the county of Somerset, and the result was his committal to Wells Lunatic Asyium, the magistrates being perfectly convinced that he is insane. Various circumstances were mentioned indicative of the man's insanitv, and evidence given of allegations on his part that he had had interviewys 'with angels, and that he feared mischief from evil spirits. The immediate cause of the investigation, however, was the fact that Thomas recently wrote a letter to Prince Albert, dictated, as he aleged, by Jehovah's angels, in which he requested the Prince to pay him :30,0001. Thomas described himself when before the maetrates as Wiliam the Lion, the Lord's chief son; and in is letter to Prince Albert he calls his Royal Highness his divine brother. The lunatic asserted that the angels had induced him to claimn the money from the Prince. CHEAP NEWSPAPERs.-The Leeds Intelligencer, after having tried the experiment of a twice a-week publication for three-quarters of a year, has this week resumed its old plan of publication-namely, once every Saturday. The proprietor, in announcing the abandonment of the Tuesday's issue, says the results of the experiment have not beeln suCI as to encourage him to persevere in it. He then adds:-" The repeal of the newspaper stamp duty has not bad the effect which popular expectation had conceived of it. At all events, it has not so changed times and seasons as to make two weeks out of one, or so altered the mental conistitution of the newspaper-reading public as to create an appetite for news twice as frequently as before. The weekly period, so well marked in our habits of life, is still a convenient interval for taking in ' the news' to all who do not resort to the daily papers, and we cannot be surprised that custom and convenience prevail over the influence of a trifling fiscal relaxation. These considerations were not disregarded by us when we had to decide what course we ought to pursue upon the repeal of the newspaper stamp duty; and it was rather in compliance w;ith the popular expectations which were then entertained than from our own convictions that we adopted a seni-weekly publication. Having made that change, we did our best to succeed in it, and to make the InteUigencei as satisfactory a channel of news and information to our readers as possible; and, that failure might not arise from anyact of ours, 'we carefully avoided shoinig any misgivngs as to the result of the experiment so long as we persevered in it. We have also to acknowledge the aid we received from the great majority of our subscribers by their compliance with the new arrangement. But as time passed on we had accumulating intimations that the old plan of a weekly publication would be preferred. Thispreference was recognized and acted upon by a neighbouring contemparary three months ago, and we feel that we can Po longer disregard it. To persist in a course which, fronr various indications, 'we see to be little in accordance with the wishes and convenience of the generality of our friends could not in -the end promote our own interest. But even in its immediate effects the result is not satisfactory as regards the Tuesday's paper. Though its circulation has been very considerable, the expenses of a separate publication and of circulating it are not compensated by the proceeds; and, indeed, this is not possible at the moderate prices-at which newspapers are sold without a liberal accession of advertisements, 'which, for the causes we have alluded to, the 'Tuesday's paper has not enjoyed. We have not acted capriciously either in adopting the semi-weekly publication or in abandoning it. The forner step was taken in obedience to public opinion, and in compliance with the expectations which prevailed as to the effect of removng one of the so-called 'taxes on knowledge-1' and the experience we have acquired dictates the necessity of reverting to the old order of publication. We trust, therefore that ourfriendswill acquit us of changeable humeus,r, and will set down these alternations of system to circumstances which we neither invited nor had the power to control. The best result of the repeal of the newspaper stamp duty, is that it removes the newspaper interests out of the hands of the Chancellor of the Exchequer and of such agitators as leve to disturb his financial policy." It may be added that the experiment of a daily paper was tried in Leeds en the passing of the last measure on newspaper stamps, andthatitsignally failed. TheLeeds JMercury is still published thre times a-week, but the proprietors have recently found it necessaryto issue a weekly edition onthe old plau in cleference to the wishes of those who prefer a weekly prorincialnewspaper. *ERRA.TU.I.-13y anI inexcusable error of our petnters the nam:e of the author of the le.ter upon the nistran3sation of AL de Aontalembert's work wes yeltordav printed " Hywood" insteni of " Hayward."
POLICE. BOW-STaRz---George Frederick Graham, who appeared to be labouring under great excitement, was charged by Edward Dyer, porter at the offices of the Society of Arts, 18, John-treet, Adelphi, with knocking violently at the door at about I o'clock that morning. It ppeared that Dyer and his family were disturbed in their bedsby a knocking so loud and continued as to produce the impression that the house was on fire. He hurried to the door and admitted the prisoner, who had not ceased to knock for a moment, and who, the instant the door was opened, rushed. in, in a wild and excited manner, and demanded to see the secretary of the Photographic Society. Dyer in vain explained to him that the offices of that society had been removed, that ho did not know where they were now, and that he was not aware of the address of the secretary. Prisoner declared that he woald not go till he saw that gentleman, or was informed where he could find himI He persisted so obstinately in this determination that it was found necessary to send for a policeman to remove him. Inspector Mitchell, who received the charge at the station, was at first puzzled to decide whether the prisoner's excitement proceeded from drink or from insanity, but all doubt on this point was set at rest by the discovery of a bottle of brandy m his pocket. The prisoner assured the magistrate that his excitement did notproceed from drink, but from his having just succeeded in bringing to perfection an invention of great importance to photographers. Was his- worship a photo. grapher ? Mr. JARDIN E replied that he was not. The Prisoner.-Are any of your friends ? Mr. JARDLNE did not know, nor had it anything to do with the case. The Prisoner.-Then I will explain it to you, Sir. You see photographers have to use very large and cumbrous apparatus. To' convey it about they must employa'porter, and sometimes hir-e a cart. Now my apparatus, in a space no greater than that (e.xhibiting a small sheet of note-paper), will absolutely- Mlr. JARDLSE observed that this had really no bearing on the question. That was no hour to call on the secretary, even if he had lived there. The Prisoner.-But I was so excited, Sir. Mr. JASWINE.-The cause of your excitement was in your pocket. The Prisoner.-Indeed, Sir, I had not taken one ounee of the brandy. But I really wanted to see the secretary of the Photographic Society at once about my invention, and I thought they would give me his address at the Society of Arts, as these associations work in conjunction. Mr. JARDLSE ordered the prisoner to be locked pu tilP his " excitement" had subsided, and in the course of the afternoon, being found to have recovered his sobriety and selfpossession, he was discharged. Towards the close of the sittinga solicitor waited on Mr. JARD)LE,4 on behalf of the friends of Lieutenant Ackerley, who was on Wednesday ordered to find bail in two sureties of 1001. each to keep the peace towards Mr. Tonna, the secretary to the United Service Institution. He said that the famnily, who were wealthy and of high respectability, but had little communication with the lieutenant on account of his eccentricities, were still anxious that he should not be comnmitted in default of bail. They felt it would be grievously difficult to him to obtain bail; but the defendant was willing to give his own recognizances for 2001., and they would endeavour to exercise any control over him that rmight be required. In fact, Lieutenant Ackerley had promised him that if his worship wouldl accept his reco8ni&ances in lien of bail he would not go bear the institution, or in any way annoy the members or their secretary. Mr. JARDIE was quite willing to accept that; but Mr. Ackerley must be given to understand that if he infringed his recognizince it would be estreated, and he would be sent to prison. The solicitor observed that he had already endeavou-red to impress that on the mind of defendant, and he really did not think that there was any fear he would commit himself. He was eccentric, but perfectly harmless. Mr. JARDINE.-Yes, but ha is very troublesome. The lieutenant had not attended to enter into his recognizances when the Court adjourned at the usual hour. WxESTara SER.-William Plough Grey, a poorly-clad boy, only 12 years of age, was charged before Mr. PAYYTEB with stealing a gold watch, chain, and seal, the property of lMr. Edward Lowe Webb, of 7, Elizabeth-street, Pimlico. Mr. Webb stated that the prisoner had been, his errand boy for a few days previous to Monday week, on the evenin of which he decamped -with Mrs. Webb's watch. She had left it in her dressing-room at about 4 in the afternoon, an . shortly afterwards the prisoner, who had access to the pro perty, was missed with it. The prisoner was traced t Hull, Yorkshire, and, information having been given to th police there, he was put on board a steamer and sent t Mndon. George Glasspool, 63 B, said he received the prisone - from the ship, and he then told him that he had sold th, watch, chain, and seal to Mr. Jacobs, in Ebury-street, Pimlico, for U. 15s. William James Jacobs, of 28, Ebury-street, Pimlico, was ut into the witness-box, when Mr. PAYNTER cautioned imr that he was not bound to answer any questions that would criminate himself, as he might be charged with feloniously receiving the property in question. Witness then stated that the prisoner came into his shop -with the watch and said, " What will you give mother for this watch and chain ?' Witness asked him wvhere his mother lived, and he replied in Eccleston-street. Witness then took some aquafortis, and tried the ring attached to the watch, and also that belonging to the chain, and found that they were spurious metal; and, considering the rest so, although he did nodt try it, he told the boy, who asked 21. for the things, that he could not give more than 1! 15s., as the watch did -not go, and he could only buy it for old gold, and told the prisoner that he had better send his mother. Mr. PAYmrmc.-You say that you told the boy you could only buy the watch for old gold, when you just before stated that you thought the things were spurious? Witness.-I was only alluding to the chain. Witness continued.-Prisoner went away, but returned again in a fewv minutes, and, saying that his mother, who was much in want of money, was too busy to come out, took the 1l. his. Mr. PAYNTEi, observing that the watch only was produced, said,-Where's the chain? Witness.-I sold that the next day. Mr. PAY-TEr.-For how much? Witness.-For 1'. lOs. Mr. PA.NxTEn.-You said it was spurious. Witness.-So I thought it was. Mr. PAYrsTE..-Then, why did you sell it for gold? Witness.-I thought it was spurious at first, but I found that it was gold on the following day, before I sold it. Mr. PAYNSTER-SO you bought a watch, chain, and seal of this boy for 11. 15s., without going to his mother's address,which he gave, to make inquiries, although close on the suot, and the next day sold the chain only for 11. lOs. (To the prosecutor.)-What did the watch cost, Sir? MEr. Webb.-18 guineas. hrr. PAYN;TEB.-When was it bought? Wituess.-In 1848S g In reply to further inquiry prosecutor said the chain was gold, but he did not know what it cost. Mr. Cumnning, an inspector of the B division, said he had known the witness Jacobs ever since he had been in business in that neighbourhood, and there had been no complaint of this sort against him before. He at once admitted the purchase of the things. Mr. PAYNTER said that one transaction of this sort in the course of aman'slife was quite enough, as far as his character was concerned. He did not knowv wvhat a jury might think of a shopkeeper who, without makingthe slightest inquiry, bought a watch and chain worth 201. of a boy like the prisoner for 11. ls., hut he had a strong notion about such conduct. It was, however, the prosecutor's affair, and the matter rested with him. Mr. PAY.NrER remanded theprisoner till Thursday. WORSIP-STREET.-M1r. HAMMILL acknowledged the receipt of It. from "2 1 Z.," for the benefit of a poor woman named Roman, whose husband is now in the House of Correction for a brutal assault upon her. CLERKENWVELL.-Frances Price, aged 22, of most ladylike appearance,and who described herself on thecharge-sheetas a dressmaker, but who refused to give her address, was charged with being concerned with Frederick Stapleton,alias Price, with having burglariously broken and entered the dwellinghouse of Mir. Benjamin West, a jeweller, residing in Marchmont-street, Burton-crescent, and stolen therefrom a quantity of gold rings, watches, gold and silver plate, and a quantity of other property of the value of 2,0001. The man Stapleton was committed for trial from this court on the same charge on Saturday last. ' Inspector Checkley applied for a remand until to-morrow (this day), when he had no doubt that he should have further evidence to produce. Mr. Tywnrrw said the prisoner would be remanded, as requested. M TYRWImTT requested our reporter to acknowledge the receipt of the first half of a 56-note, No. 84201, from " P. AL," for the disabled policeman, Chapman, with a wife and nine children. SouTrsrwaAsc-Elizabeth Pyne, a middle-aged, respectable-looking woman, described on the charge-sheet as a widow, residing at 6;6, Long-lane, Bermondsey, was brougtt before MEr. COSInE, charged with attempting to murder Ann Pyne, her sister-in-law, living in the same house, by striking her on the head with a hamemer. The injuries inflicted upon the complainant were of such a serious nature that she was unable to le.ave her bed, where she lies in a dangerous state. Mr.i COSInE as~ked whether there were any witnesses in attendance who saw the injuries inflicted. Sergeant Reed, the acting inspector at the Bermondsey station, replied that several persons saw the occurrence, but none were in attendance, except the constable who took the hammer from the prisoner's hand. He wou-ld be able to give sufficient evidence to warrant a remand until a futur. day, when other persons,who witnessed the attack, would be present. Mr. COInBE directed the constable to be sworn. Police-constable 161 M stated that he was on duty shortly after 9 o'clock on the previous night in Long-lane, Ber mondsey, when he heard cries of " Murder !" a little way off and, on proceeding towards the place whence the crie; came, he met a woman, who told him to make haste, a a murder was being committed at lfo. 66. When h' arrived there he saw the prisoner with a small car penter's hammer in her hand, with which she struck another woman several times on the head, and before ha could wrest it from her the handle was broken near th ; Iron part. Witness secured the prisoner, and caUed In a medicalgentleman, who attended to the injured woman, and after dressing her wounds she was put to bed, wher, she now remains. He pibduced a certificate from Dr Downs, of White-street, who attended her, setting fort' "that Ann Pyre was sufering from several cut wounds, inflicted on her head with a blunt instrument, and that she was in a dangerous state." MIr. COMBE asked whether the prisoner was anv relation to her. The constable replied that she was sister-in-law to the in-juredwoinan,andthey bothresided in the sapue house, where be understood they gained their liveihood by staymaking. When ha arrived at the house on the previous night «e prisojer wuix vMing out that Fhe wA dttt nnined tQ murder her, and had he inot arrivel at the time he was positive that she would have carried her threat into execution. In fact, the mob who collected in numbers about the house believed that murder had been really committed, as the injured woman was insersible and covered with blood. 'Witness here produced the hammer which he took from the prisoner; it was in a bloody state. The prisoner in a singular manner exclaimed, " I did hit her with the hammer, because my sister-in-law was spiteful to me, and I intended to kill her." The constable informed his worship that the prisoner made use of the same words when he came up to the hoase, and while at the station-house. Mr. COMB= inquired whether she was in her proper senses. Her appearance and conduct before him seemed to be very singular. Sergeant Reed replied that he believed that her intelect was a little impaired. M1r. COUIBE said that he had no doubt that such was the case; therefore he should remand her for a week. In the meantime she would be examined by a medical gentleman in Prison, wvho would ascertain her real state of mind. The prisoner was then removed from the dock, - declaring that she was in her right senses, and that she had intendea to do for her spiteful sister-in-law. A t the close of the court information was received that the.. injured woman was in such a dangerous state that she could not live many hours. LABETrssH.-ames Raymond, a slater's labourer, was placed at the bar, before Mfr. HEiiY, charged with brutaUy 2llusing his wife. Police-constable Thomas Curtis, 78 L, deposed that on the evening before he was sent for to the residence of the prisoner, and on going down stairs he found his wife on the. floor of the back kitchen, bleeding profusely from her head and face, and the instant the prisoner, who was standing over her, saw him he started out at the back door, intending to make his escape. He (witness), however, lost no time in following him, and having secured him brought him back to where his wife still lay. The wife at once charged him with ill using her and causing the numerous injuries then so apparent, and pointed out a large teapot, which isy close to her, and the spout of which was broken off, ns the instrument used by her husband in producing the serious bruises on her head and face. Ar. HFi.Y.-What state was the prisoner in at the time? Witness.-He had been drinking, your worship, and was somewhat the worse for liquor, but was well aware of what he was about. On searching him I found this large clasp knife, which appears new, of which he could not give a satisfactory account ; and his wife, in his presence, said that the prisoner had been treating her with such brutality that she had been delivered of noless thanthree deadinfants through his ill-usage. MWr. HENRY-Did the prisoner say anything to the charge made by his wife ? Witness.-No, Sir; he seemned quite indifferent about it, and at the station-house merely sad the thing could not be undone. His wife was taken to St. Thomnas's Hospital, and this is the certificate I this morning received " St. Thomas's Hospital, April 4. "These are to certify that Mary Ann Raymond was admnitted into St. Thomas's Hospitallast night with extensive bruises on her head, face, and various parts of her body, and is not in a fit state tobe removed this day. " JOmq WaBD COUSNS, Surgeon." The prisoner, who offered nothing in defence, was remanded to a future day.
GLOCESTEB ASSIS.-".PRICHARD v. WEBBER" TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-By the report of this,case, in your paper of to-day, it is made to appear that my client, the defendant, Mr. Vivian Arthur Webber, consented to pay to the plaintiff 20L. and the costs of the action. This is incorrect. By consent of the counsel on both sides a juror was withdrawn, and the case was left entirely to Mr. Justice Cresswell, the presiding Judge, to decide what should be done. His Lordship named one farthing as the amount of damages which, in his opinion, the plaintiff was entitled to in ti1s action, without costs; and his Lordship intimated his opinion that the defendant should, as a gentleman, pay the plaintiff something for her journey to London; and as an act of charity I, as the defendant'sattorney, agreed to give her 2;3 guineas, and also to forego criminal proceedings against her. Had the cause proceeded, the defendant was prepared with ample evidence to prove the letter containing the promise to marry was a forgery. I trust yen will do the defendant the justice of allowing this, the correct termination of the action, to appear in your columns. I amn Sir ronnr ol;wA;Tn1+l .T. C. PARWT. 13fnatsAt+=srn. 5, New-inn, Strand, London, April 4.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir.-In the letter from Your correspondent in the Crimea which appears in your impression of to-day is an account of the present state of destrution of what was certhainly the most interestine monument in Sebastopol. It would seeiem that tfe insoription is now quite illegible, most of the le n be Siter s our koked away, and the pedsta itelfhavng eary dsapeard.It may interest som ofyou rades t knw hatwer te few words of thi ceebrtedinsritio, wichseredas an incentive to futre eros a muh a a emoialofthe departed one. Onthe north side fcnFotNicholas, and in the mittn laguae ofthe hurh (wichis differeiit from the - odinry harctry erethewors'To Kazarchow" pro- "Forposeriy tosere a anexample.", On hesouh ideitbor te nm6alone and the dAte Tie word for "1posterity" being miitten 1TIOFOMCTEY was the causeof the belief that was general in the camp that the'monument bore some connesion, m3ore or less close~, wvith the far4amedFPotemkin. - ~~~I am. Sir, your obedient servant. G. H. MWONY Otoman Club, April 4.
NAVAL AND MILITARY £NTELLIGRNCE. The "Baltic Fleet" nolongerexistsinofficialecognition . it was merred into the home fleet yesterday, on which day Rear-Admiral Sir R. S. Dnndas, X.C.B., and Rear-Admimal P. L Baynes, C.B., gave up their respective zppellations of Commander-in-Chief and Second in Command of the Baltic Fleet. The Captain of the said fleet, the Hon. F. T. Pelham, C.B., changed hisposition at the same time. The whole fleet now at Portsmouth is placed under the com- mand-in-chief of Vice-Admimal Sir George F. Seymour,. E.C.B., the Port-AdmiraL The line-of-battle ships form one division of the fleet, whose orders are issued through Rear-Admiral Dundas by the Comrnander-in-Chief, and the frigates and smaller vessels form another division, reglated in like mannier under Rear-Admiral Baynes, these Admirals becoming divisional Admirals only. Captain Pelham moves to the flagship Victorypro tern. Immediately after the review it is rumoured that 10,000 seamen will be discharged from the fleet; these will consist, for the most part, of the men drawn from the Coist Guard at the outset of the war and such others as have served fully and longer than the usual term of commission. It is said that there will be a permanent Channel feet of exercise ana training, consisting of 12 sail-of-the-line and adjuncts. The Algiers, 91, Captain Codrington, CB., was removed from the steam basin at Portsmouth yesterday, after refit, and taken to the Cam,perdown hulk to redeive her crew. The Dragon, 6, paddle frigate, Captain Stewart, CB., went out of Portsmouth harbour yesterday morning and rejoined the fleet at Spithead. The Surprise gunvessel, Commander C. E; Harcourt Ver non, fitting for sea at Chatham, is so far completed t,hat she is expected to go out of dock in the course of a few days. As soon as she has been made ready for sea she will proceed to Portsmouth. A detachment of the Chatham division of Royal Marines, together with some men of the Royal Marine Artillery, joined this vessel at the dockyard on Wednesday last. The Sparrowhawk gunvessel, Commander Gurney Cresswell, has been taken out of dock at Chatham, and as soon as she has received her necessary fitments, will proceed to Spitheadto jointhe fleet of gunboats assembling at that station; Yesterday afternoon a detachment of the 59thRegiment, consisting of 108 non-commissioned officers and men, arrived at Chatham from Hongkong, having disembarked at Custom-house quay, Gravesend, from the troopsip Burlington. The detachment sailed from Hongkong on the 16th of November last, and were nearly five months on their voyage. During the passage home two deaths occurred on board. The Burlington arrived at Gravesend on Thursday. The following officers of the 59th came home in charge of the detachment-viz., Lieutenant G. Callaghan Home and Surgeon Robert Tml'Wharrie, 3LD. The iron paddlewheel steamer Antelope, Lieutenant. Commander Charles EL Young, was yesterday morning warped into basin at Woolwich, for the purpose of being dismantled. She is subsequently to be paid off and laid up in ordinary. The gunboats Spey and Tilbury are to be launched at Messrs. Pitcher's, of Northfleet, on Monday, and are to be forwarded thence to Deptford to be fitted for service. A specimen of an improved ship's anchor has been received at Woolwich dockyard. Although not the first of that style of production, an anchor of a somewhat similar description, the invention of a naval officer, having been brought under the notice of the authorities some years ago, this may be considered the invention of Mr. Taylor, a naval officer; it is likewise made of gu metaL. The peculiarities of the present anchor are its being shorter in the shank than ordinary ones, and it does not exceed 17 cwt., being made of hoLlow.gan metal three-quarters of an inch in thickness, and is guaranteed to bear the strain of a 40 cwt. anchor. The crowvn is also of much larger dimensions tharn those of anchors generally. The Escort freightship sailed yesterday morning from Gravesend, having embarked Captain Morris, AssistantSurgeon Straughan, and the detachment of Royal Artillerymen, with powder, &c., as detailed in 27Vic 2incs, for Quebec. The huge 18-inch mortar recently cast at Mfessrs. Forrester's, of LiverpooL and by which it is intended to put to a more extended test the qualities of the Nlova Scotia iron, of which the mortar is composed, has been landed on the Arsenal-wharf at Woolwich, and is to undergo some experiments at the proof butt. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty -.- Dover Farrant, to be Second Master to the Recrnit; JohnJ. C. P. Maclaire, midshipman, to the Cossack- Wilham LovMely, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Mohawk; S. S. IL Needham, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Flying Fish ; W. H. E. Mitchell, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Surprise; W. S. Vhittaker, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Pioneer; Cuthbert R. Rodham, to be Assistant-Clerk to the L,apwing; Richard RI. A. Richards, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Intrepid;* W. B. Romsey, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Wanderer. THE MILITIA. The Louth Rifles, commanded by Colonel Lord Bellew, have moved from Dandalk barracks to the Carragh Camp. The Antrim Artillery Regiment was to move to-day from Carrilckfergas to Dundalk, to replace the Louth Rifles. The2d Cheshire, under the command of LIeutenant-Colonel Davenport, has received orders to hold itself in readiness to move at short notice from Belfast to tle Curragh Camp. Iaeutenant RHoward, of the regiment, died onMonday night, in Belfast barracks, of smallpox. The 3d Wfest York has been ordered to hold itself in readiness to proceed at short notice from the Curragh Camp, to replace the Royal North Downs at Belfast. It is stated that until farther orders militia recruits are only to receive 5s. onenisting at the recruiting depots, and the remaining 15s v,hen they join head-quarters. The Marquis of Donegal has authorized 5s. extra, on both occasions, to be paid to volunteers who offer their services to the Ant,ri3nThfles.
TilBARBMY INV TilE CRIMEA. GENERAL ORDER& Head-quarters, Sebastopol, March 19. No. L During the temporary absence from Kertch of Lieutenant-General Vivian, the forces in that district wi' be commanded by Major-General Michel, C.B. No. 2. Until further orders Mr. Drake, C.B., Deputy Commissary General, will earry on the duties in the Crimea of Commissary General Sir G. Mfaclean, on leave to No. 3. The regimental promotions andappointments, published hy authority in the Ldondo> Gaette of the 29th of February, will take effect in this army from their respective No. 4. The undermentioned officer has joined the staff of this army:-Mledical Staff Acting Assistant-Surgeon John H. Robotbam, from the 2th inst. No 5. Colonel Adams, C.B., 28th Regiment, having rejoined the army, will take command of the 1st brigade, Third Division, from the Sth of March, and Captain Gregory, 2d battalion, 1st Regiment, will do duty as his Aide-de-Camup. No. 6. With reference to General Orders No. 2 of the 19th of December, 1855, it is directed that for the future the hour to cease loading pack animals, carts, &c., at Balaklava s 4 p.m., and that nll animals Of the Land Transport Corps must be in their stables by half-past 5 T m No. 7. Eriday next, being Good Friday, te troops will attend Divine service in the forenoon. No. 8. Lieutenant Vaughan, 20th Regiment, having been in command of a company, may draw field allowance and foagWe as a Captain from the 19th of November, 1855, to the 29th of February, 1856. No. 9. Leave of absence is granted to Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Cocks, Coldstream Guards, to the 31st of March; Captain Vaxughan, G8th Regiment, to the 31st of Mlay; Lieutenant Neave, 71st Regiment, to the 10th of April; Assistant-Surgeon Bultler, 44th Regiment, to the 20th of No. 10. Gunner and Driver James Baines, Royal Artillery, will be employed on board the floatinig factory, at IBalaklava, mtil further orders. Erratun.-The names of the Cornets promoted to the rank of Lieutenants, in the Land Transport Corps, in General Orders of the 9thi and 15th of March, are IIL-audrey," not "Laundrey," aud " Crowe," not "Crow.." By order, C. A. WINDBAM, Chief of the Staff. - Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Marc'h20. No. 1. The Field Marsha Commanding in Chief has been pleased to gi-ant leave of absence, at the recommendation of medical boards, to Lieutenant-Colonel Montgomery, 1st battalion, 1st Regiment, to the 27th of April; Captain Esmonde, 18th Regiment, to the 26th of April; ard, on medical certificate, to Quartermaster Caldwell, Landl Transport Corps, to the 30th of April. No. 2. Majoi Neville, Scots Fusileer Guards, will act as a ield officer, and may draw field allowance and forage accordNo 3. Lieutenants hamond and Coote, 40th Regiment, prnumeraries of their rank with the service companies, wN proceed to England to join the depot. No. 4. Assistant-Surgeon Johnston, 68th .Regiment, being in medical charge of his regiment, may drw field allowance and forage as a surgeon froum the 15th of February. No. 5. Sergeant Richard Smith, Land Transport Corps, Will act as Paymaster in the Corps from the 23d of Feb- No. 6. Leave of absence is granted, on medical certificate to Iaeutenant Hall, 41st Regiment, to the 20th of April. No. 7. Colonel Wetherall having left one charger at the public service, forage may be drawn for it. By order. (;.A. WlNDTDHAM, Chief of the Staff* Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Mfarch 21. No. L The undermentioned officers have joined the Staff of this Army from the 17th inst. :-Medical Staff-Acting Assistant-Surgeon James A. Turner; Assistant StaffSurgeon Jeffrey A Marston. No. 2. The Superintendent of the Army Worls Cortp will, for the future, send all returns, statements, &c., tot he Chief of . the Staff, and not the Commanding Royal Engineer. - No. 3. Brevet-Major Deshon, 48th Regiment, Supernumerary of his rank, -with the service compames, will proceed to Malta.- No. 4. The appointment of Ensign Gl1ncey,14th legiment, to do dluty with the Land Transport; Corps,i acelda his own request. iscTeeat No. 5. Leave of absence is granted, Pt the recommendnation of mnedical beards, to Captain Wood, 82d Regimet; Re ,GJGill, officiating chaplain, to proceedtoEgad On iiv theywill report themselve sto the AdjutantGeneral. o ~By order, C. A, WU2WHAM, Chief of the Staff.
-TO T1E EDITOR OF THE TIMZ& Sir,-On the afternoon of Thursday last I wenrIt otT city in a Bayswater omnibus, from which I alighted at the; toyal-Exchange shortly before 3 o@cloc. Having no small silverin my pocket, I gave the conductor a halfcrown pliece in payment of his fare, received from him 2s. in exchange, an proceeded on my way; but before I bad gone many yards the conductor overtook and stopped me, charging me with passing bad money, and alleging that my halfcrown was bad. I told him I wa son if it was so, but I did not know it, and tendered him anotherhalfcrown) in its stead. He, however, refused mv offer, cried out to his drver that I was "a regular smash6r," ancfi informed the passers by, who soon formed a crowd, that he, kmew me well, that I was in the habit of hanging about the corner of Oxford-street and "riding in busses " for ther purpose of psing bad money, and that I had done so fore wiat hiUm It was in vain that I representeut to him that he was mistaken, offered himn my card, and invited him to accompany me either to the U2nioL Bank or Iloyd's (both being cl. at hand), at either oE which places he could satisfy himelf in two minutes who I was. He pcirsted in givng me into the custody of m policeman, notwithstanding my remonstrancee, to which. were added those of a friend of mine, who was-a:cidentally passing at the time. The conductor proving inflexible, I called a cab and, accompanied by my friend, anad under the auspices of thek policeman, proceeded to the police-station, wheretheconduc. torformaUy madehischargeagainstme. Iurged-upoathe inspector on duty that the conductor was mistaken, ani sentfora friend, who, as well as the friend who had accompanied me, remonstrated with the conductor on the inreasonableness of his conduct, but to no purpose. I thenm demanded to be taken before a magistrate at once, bht was told that no magistrate was then sitting, and that, it thtcharge was persisted in, Imust be locked uptilithe nextday. My friends offered themselves as bail for my appearance, and I offered to procure further sureties to any amount. that might be required; but was toldthat the offence wvita which 1 was charged w as a felony, and that, being such, it; was not bailable. Finding myself in this dilemma, aud the conductor in the meanwhi'le losing a Ettle of his confidence,Iwasat lengthinduced, onthe earnest entreatyof my friends, and contrary to my own judgment, to alow him towithdraw his charge, and thus, after upwards of an hour'sdetention, Iwasestored to liberty. We are accustomed to hear a good deal about the Ifbertyof the British subject, but I much doubt whether in anyother capital in Europe a respectable person could be wantonly exposed to sucha gross indignity as that which I have suffered. It was only a few weeks ago that a youngZ lady was dragged tbrough the public streets as a felom under a similar charge onthe arbitrary accusation ofabrutal ruffian, like the fellow of whose conduct I now complain. I am told at the ;3ansion-house that the conductor hascommiittted no offence of which a magistrate can take cognazance, but that the inspector on duty (who I am boundto say treated me wsith every consideration, and acted, I believe, to the best of his judgment) was guilty of a grossdereliction of his duty in refusing to discharge me, either ort my own recognizance, or on the satisfactory bail which I tendered, and I mn invited to require the police authoritiesto bring him before the Lord Myor, to receive a reprimand. On the other hand, I am told by the police authoG rities that the inspector acted in strict iccordance with his duty, but thatI have good grounds on which to surmmon theconductorbeforehisLordship, toaanswerforhisconduct -anc, agaic, I am told by my solicitor that my only redress is an. action against the conductor for false imprisonment. Nowr, Sir, I have no wish to complain of the conduct of the inspector; I cannot obtain a summons against the conductor; and, as to my civil remedy, I mn not desirous ot' embarking in litigation with an omnibus conductor, in the hope of enjoying the gloomy satisfaction of driving him to, the Insolvent Court and his wife and children to the workhouse, and at the same time paying the expenses of an action. at law. I therefore take this means of giving publicity to tne facts; through the medium of your columns, in the belief thatbefore the last and highest tribunal of public opinion nowrong will be left w;ithout redress and no suffering fail to. meet with symnpathy. It is not for myself alone, but for the thousands of poorer helpless persons wiho are daily exposed to similar outrages that I make this earnest and indignant appeal to thesense of jstice whichpervades the English public. I remain. Sir. voum obedient servant. J. : Reform Club, April 3. -
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Ithink itmay be of service to such of yourreadersas. are householders to acquaint therm that a gang of thieves isz at present profitably employed in robbing gentlemen', houses under the fdllowing circamstances A person calls jnst at dusk in the evening writh a parcel, as he states, of Berlin wools from Mr. W- in Oxfordstreet, and 'wishes to know. if it be right; whie the servant;. is making the inquiry of the lady of the house he freely helps hlmself to anything wvithin his reach in the hall or thepassage. Once of these gentry paid me a visit about 7 o'clock lasfevenig, and durg the temporary absence of the servant in m;aing the above miquiry he put on my greatcoat and stoleI a portion of the plate which was in transita fromthe dininmr room to the butler's pantry. I immediately made the case know n at the police-office, and found that the thing was well known to them as havm been successfuIly practised of late in different parts London. J. F. April 4.
DEATH OF TE RIGHT HoN. GEORGE ROBERn DAWSOX.-Tbe Right Ron. George Robert Dawson, brother-in-law of the late Sir Robert Peel, died athis residence in town on Wednesday las, in his 66th year. The deceased gentleman was the eldest son of the late Mr. Arthur Dawson, of Castle Dawson, county of Londonderry, by a daughter of Mfr. George Paul. He was born in Rutland-square, Dablin, inl1790, and received his early education, we believe, at Harrow - thence he proceeded to Christ Churcb, Oxford, where heclosedabrilliantcareerbygaining a firstclass in classical honours, in :Michaelmas Term, 1SlL Being the eldest soxt of a wealthy Irish squire, he didnot adopt a profession; but: in 1815, at the age of 25, he was returned as member, in the Tory interest, for his native county, which he representeduntil 1830, when he retired, and secured his election for the Government borough of lIarwich, the Orangemen of the north of Ireland being resolved not to re-elect as theirmember one who had so far betrayed the Protestant; cause as to vote for Catholic Emancipation. Soon afters being returned to Parli-iment, he had married a sister of the: late Right Ron. Sir I. Peel, and from 1823 filled the post of Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, until January, 1828, when he was removed to thet Secretaryship of the Treasury, a post which he held till the end oE the Duke of Wellington's Administration. When Sir IP Peel came into his temporary tenure of office in November, 1834, he appomted Ar. Dawson Secretary o£ the Admiralty; and he had previously been sworn a. member of the Privy CounciL Re had also retired fromi Parliamentary lifeat the general election conmequent uponthe passing of the Reform Bill, in December, 1832. Relresigned his Secretaryship at the Admiralty on the retirement of his friends from office in April, 835. In 1841, however, on Sir lt. Peel's return to office, he accepted a Commissionership of the Customs, from which he was promoted some five yeaTslater to the deputy Chairmanslup of' the Customs Board, which he held till 'the timne of his death. Mr. Dawson was remarkable as having been the first " Orange" member who was induced by the formidableprospect of public affairs in 1828 to alter his opinions as to the necessity and policy of Catholic Emancipation, andl franly to avow his change-an avowal ^which was speedilyollowed bythatof SirRobert Peel and the Duaie of Wellington. Rie was left a widovwer in 1848, but has left a- family one of his sons is rector of Great lunden, near Ware, nertfordshire. DurrES QN WIXE.-AII influlentia1 deputation oE members of Parliament and gentlemen connected with thePotteries waited upon Lord Palncrston on Thursday, to urge the reduction of the duties on foreign wines as beneficial to the people, and tending to enlarge our commercial intercourse. Lord Palmerston, in reply, said that it was not necessary to urge upon him the merits of the general question-that of free trade and unrestricted intercourse between nations. He was thoroughly convinced of its advantage. Every man who had latterly paid any attention to this subject, and he among thenumber,was convincedthat duties were not to be imposed with reference to protection of anyparticular interest, but solely for the sake of revenne, and in such amanner as to cripple trade as little as possible. But his experience led him to the conclusion that commercial treaties were to be avoided as far as they included a. binding of each Government to particular tariffs. Each Government had a right to raise its revenue in the wav which appeared best Ito itself. We can only, then, say to France, we consider our duties on some of you- goods are high, and we will lower them if you wilt lower your duties on certain articles of ours. But there were local prejudices and other reasons which liai always hitherto prevented such treaties being carried out, although they had been tried with France and other countries. The only point, then, to be considered was the interests of the revenue and the consumer-. The best way to get a reduction of the duties of foreign countries was to show them, by example, how we prosper under the principle of free trade. Mhr. Oliveira had alluded to adulteration, which, however, was not a recent eviL "I rernember (said his Lordship) my gndfather, Lord Pembroke, when he placed wine before hisgnests, said, 'There, gentlemen, is my champagne, my claret, &c. I am no great; judge, and I give you this on the authorityf of my -wine merchant; but I can answer for my port, fior I made it myself.' I still have his receipt, which I look on as a curiosty ; but I confess I have never ventured to try it. Thie only question, then, is if the mode of taxation is bad or the rate too high? There are so many difficulties in the way of an adt aorem duty as to render it impracticable, so the mode mu$st remain as it is. The present daty is about Is. per bottle, and the price to the consamer from 5s. to' Gs. This is under 25 per cent., and cannot weigh heaviy. I have never been able to see why cheap wines shlould not be imported. A wine which, without duty, -would sell at; Is. 6d. per bottle would only now cost the consumer 2s. 6d.; anud I think there would be a demand for such wines. If the duty vrere reduced to one-half, say Gd. per bottle, this would only maake a difference to the consnmer of Gd. in the 5s. or 6s. in high-priced wines, and Gd. in the 2s. 6d. in low-priced wines. Tnis would not be sufficient to increaa-s the consumption very much, and would materiaLy afect the revenue. Besides, any increase in the use of wine 'would diminish the use of other articles which now nvay duty, such as ale and spirits I am glad, however, that this deputation have laia their views before me, and they may rest assured that when we see any means of improving our commercial xelations with France without endangering our revenue it shall not be' overlooked." The members of Parliament included in the deputation were ldr. B. Oliveira, Ir. John IrGregor, 31r. A. J. Otway, Mr. W. Seholefield, Mr. W. H. G. langton, Sir George Goodman, Br. Acton, Xfr. Milligan, Mr. Pilkington. Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Montsspi Chambers, Mr. Thomson Hankey, Colonel Rushout, Mr. Uoffatt, and Mr. Gardner.
SALES BY AUCTION. Po;tponement of Sale.-Ave haria-lane. Paternoster-row. XrESSRS. WINSTANLEY beg to apprise the public ik Xthat the SALE of the LEASE of the PREIIISES. No. 5. Ave Maria-laue, advertised to take place at the Mlart, on Wednesday, the 9th inst.. is POSTPO2NED for n short time, in consequence of tbe fire. -1'aternoster-row, April 3.1355. At the New Corn Exchange Coffeehouse, Mark-lane, on Monday, April 14. at 2 o'clocl. 133 PnOckets of new Sussex HopsL 1IIESSRS. RICE BROTHERS, beg to announce iL that the HOPS UAvercised for r ubic sale, 3a anove, have been DISPOSED OF privately.-Auction office, 263. Borough. Southwark. Quarterly Sale. R- JOHNSON will SELL, at the City Auction 1 ItPOOni39, Graoecburcb street, on?Monday. April 1, and fivo olelov Sng days. the ulsual PROPERBTY reserved for quarterly gales. compri.tiegcottage, piccolo, and other pianofories, harps, violins. flutes. andothermusicalinstruments, 10,030vols of boots by ancient and modern authors, rare aud vatusblo paintingsand engravlugs. quadrante. sextants, telescopes, and numerous other philosophical. mathemntical. and sesiclc instruments. Nowr on view, and catalogues bad at the To Printers, &c., removed from Thames Ditton. W LEVIS and SON, printers appraisers--and W auctioneers,vill SELL by AUCTIOX, at 5, .ed Lion-passage, Fleetastreet, on Ft;,day, April l1. Dt 11 for 12 precisely by order of tbo Proprietors. v.tbout reserve, thu CONTE;S'fS of D t§0-FIE comprisinJgabout 12 tons of type in useful founts.swith leads. frames roclcs, imposing surfaces, chases, 11 Columbin presses, cii*drical inking tables, twvo standing presses. Aic. To be viewved the day preceding and morning of sale. Catalogues. wvith printed specimens of the type, may ho had on the premise; and of the auctioneers, 21, Fmnch. lane. CornhilL. New-cross.-Safe Leaselold Investment MR . LOTJNID will SELL by AUCTION, at 3r. r Hall's,theRoyalAlbert, New-oeps, on Tuesday, Aprill5. t3 pumctualy. bv direction of the Mortgagees, a gubatantial Trick-built replete v;it every convenie*ce for domestic comfort, situato and being No. S9, Florence-road, within a few paces of theRighroad, Newv-cross. Deptford. and iSELLdbatyly contiguous to the railhay station., Held for OSycars. at the nomninal rent of 4s.Sd. : let att t25;offering to te smalNcapiBalibt a very secure investment. T aybe view ed andparticularshadat the Proyal Aot ert of Mr. Thomas Xcnc,Ttt. slcitor. 2. Great ors ightider-street, Dodtorg'-commonsr; and of the auctioneer. SO. Chancery-lane. a Household Furniture, China. Glass. Print4s and aSrscts. o t. FIbNh IS vill SEL by AUCTION, on thec i65 _reaiseU, No. 11, Bloom3bury-square. 00 Thsraday, Aprl 70 atl12, the remaining portion of the HOtSEHOLD FGUe NITlnItE. comprisingfour-post2bedsteadsand bedding, chests of drlawer. drawing r-oom crtaens, roseen oo out ad card talmes, two ditto jardihiares, stained framie sofda coues, chairs u six rosedi od chidrs. a set of mahoabonewyedig tables, ditto hlirg. a matDogany secretairo and bookcaste, chimns y glass carpets, kitchen requisites, and harious other effecodo May be Sieted on Wednmesay ant morning of tale. Catrlogues to be hd on the preises; and of yr. Finans, auctioneer, tc., 65. GreatIRssr ell street.hBloomlhlry.aqu re. Oa1C Timber.-Hantsd-By Mar. H.ISe at ehe George Inn, Odihhna ono Monday. April 15 at 1, in lotsl FTPW bARDS of 2,000 Very mine Oak Timber Trees: bave been set out on the Dogbereaeld Eftote, near Odihnstm Rlantb. Printed particul.ars willbe issued in a few.days. The timbe can be vewred by aph bcation to Mr. F4gar, at )oomera2eld-pOalk. Tbe tsrees aemostly,of onrgeddimension,. and ofrine quality. he Basinegatoke Canatl pasesthrough the estate, and te lVincb*leld Shtion on tho London and South Western R yilway is rithin Wi. milof the-pro. porty. The printed pticulars. when readry may be ad on application to Mfessrs. C.utton, 9. VVbitehaU.place, and Hfartewood, ltcigate; the aoctioneer; and at the George:Inn. Odihaml.o Pi anoforte, by Broadwood. CoD ard and Colard. Wornum, Broad- bridre. Tonimkson, and other eminent maker.x cocr. SCOTCe ER hias bee favoiered with instrnc- mortitgstoSe by AUCtTIoON, at ther oomsr. 21, Old Bondstreet m Pccaditly, on Wenesday. April 9, atI for 2, u w rdsof40new and second-hand PIAOFORTES, by Broadwrood. Wornumn, Allison, lroadbridge, 5;c.- also a magniiicentf inul-ompassf semi-rad, by Collard and Collard, in rosewvood case, nearly newv, and a bceatiful 6ioctave rosewood semi cottage, by Brocdwood: alo double-action hatrp by Brar, harmoniumsn by Alexandre, &c ; togetber wiith the extensive stocks of a mosieselber, comprising is wards of SOold violins. violoneellos. concertina, ituee, guItars, kc, £fay be viewved tho daJ prior and morning ofNsale. Catalogue had at the rooms, or of tho auctionreer 70, MIoctimer.street. CavendiahYItuuaze. m Valuable ChnrcbE'eferment, in brorfolk..a JtniESSRS. BUhTC ER have recscitordnstrctio he tor ZGGAF, *E bAtUCTION, Ho the Roal.Hotn Norwiese . on Satuvl at 3rintl2h:at3iethranteenoon the AVOWSON and EBrPJUA, R IGHT of PPRESk2iTATIONad tfodb the RECTOIBY ol BE ESTONNlXT- froEtM,esofoly. two miles front Litchani,teveuboenieaat aerehas tand about a mite snda half fromar anday s vation,weith aioo recSoryhouse and ogc*les, garde,pleaoure grownds, and 26at 3r. 20p. of glebelnda ontignoustuleretof ada tithe rentelorgeof £thper nnm. The popan a tion of Begeton isbetweear 60 nd 700. and the preset incumbenttisnowrinhis72dyr. Forpertculatsand coditih of sale apply tol Mea-.Rackham and Cooke, solicitors. or Messr. Butcher, sand and ad nctioneerd. pworwrich. Acdetsott.oshle of valuable Freehold Bilding Land. containing upwards of 600feet of frontage,within a furlong of the permanent Barrac;st nowv in couse of u rection.-Bv 2or. F *x-DERICee EGGAud. at the Bh Hotel, oe,i on WednesP a. April 9, at 3 in the afternoon. A LL those lileveni valuable Allotmnents of LUand, wih frontages vying froma 40 to 60 feet eah aFll dteiably situate for buildingpupmoes and ausesibelo r bysacious roade, -which are set out and in ourse of formation. The dryand elevated poSition < the properti0thc riew it cosunds dC the Camp. Dermae*et ssr, Dd gcerslwor}r. together with the advantage it affords in yielding a plentiful supply cf wrater within a fewr feet of the orface. aDd an abundance of good sharp sid, ren ler it a moat desrbeopmirtrut to parties engaed rnhusldmng speculations. Thelota'ill be stked andmarked out,and plans of ths amo, withD prticulase sad conditios of sale, ma be ad of a. M. 2vn, Req., solicitor, Far. ham; *t the off*ce of ths Journal of Auctions 2 to 5. Essex-street, Strand, Ieono; andat tthe effices of M£r. F. k46 r, Faa' and Alton.
