DEATHS. On the 11th of January last at Melbourne, in the 20th year of his age, Hfenry. 5th son of the Rev. Phelpes John Butt. On the 22d nit., at Sketty. near Swansea. after a few bours' ilness. Hamilton Saunders, the dearly-loved and youngest child of Arthur Currey. EL-., aged 1S months. On the 2Sth uilt. at her residence in Park-square, the Hon. Anma Maria. youngest daughter of the 14th Lord Dunsany, and wife of Admiral RyderBurton, K.M., deeply lamented. On the 2th ult., at Kington, Herefordshire, Saml. cavan, Esq., in the 61st year of bis age. On !he 29th ult., of erysipelas, in the 130th year of her age, Mtiss Susan Weilon, of2 6, Slouthampton-street, Bloomsbury-square. OnTuesday, the 29th uIt., at Nice, in his 16th year, John Edward Benett, of PSthouse, Wilts. KLP. On the Ist inst., at 3, Albert-terrace, Notting-hili, Eliza Sophia Wlidman, aged 63. On the 2d inst., at 10. lorland-terrace. Notting-hill, after a protracted illness, CoL RobertPattison, late 13th (or Prince Albert's) Light Infantry, aged 67. On the 2d inst., at Cheltenham, John Herford, Rsq., formerly of Manudiester. ag-ed 61. On the 2dinst., atEdbaston, nearBirmingham, in the 61st year of hi3 age. Mr. WilLing Keeiarn, agent to SamL York and Co.. merchants, Wolverhampton and Bimingham. On Friday, the Id inst., Frances, the beloved and only child of Mr lNlUiam Westlake Lack, of Albion-road, Stoke Newington, aged 12 OnCthe 2d inst., Emily Caroline. the beloved wife of Mr. Williuam Josepha Waring, at 296, Oxford-street, aged 36 years. On the 3d inst.. at Church-street, Stoke Newington, MIrs. Rigbh, in the 69th year of her age. On the3d inst., of acute inflammation of the throat. nlorence Elizabetb;,agedt-ro years. second daughter of Alexander Whittet, of Howland-street, Tottenham-court-road. On Saturday. the 3d inst. at the residence of her nephew. Mr. Thoe. T'aylor. Victoria-street, Holborn. Miss Frances Thompson, aged 59. On the 4th inst., at St. Alban's, Robert Sparkman, Esq., late of Lutterworth, in the 67-th year of his age. On Sanday. the 4th ilst., Judith. the dearly beloved and affectionate wife oQ Mlr. Robert S. Young, of Rosemary Branch-lane, Camberwell, in the 7Sth year of her age. On the 4th inst.. at & Meontagu-place, Russell-square, S3irs, youngest dauighter of Henry Chater, Req., aged 14 noRnths- ou the 4th inst., after a lingering illness, Mary Weston, of Dawson.- place, Bayswater, eldestdaughter of the late WiFiam Weston, Esq. On the 4th inst. at his residence, Barnsbury-squnre, deeply regretted, Mr. John Jamea rater, of the Cometl Office, Bauk of England, aged 93. On -Sunday, the 4th iust., aged 16. Emm:a, the beloved wife of M3r. On. R lerry. of 2- Raleigh VWilas, Canonbury-parkL Islington. On the 4th inst.. Maria Ann Smith. relict of the late James Smith, }Esq., of the ComptroUler's office, and South Lambeth, ret. S7. On the 4th inst., at Lee, Blackheath. in the 76th year of her age. Hannnls, widow of tke late Mr. Robert Bentort Rorby, formerly of South Shields, deeplyregretted. On the 4th inst., at Kelly, Devon, Ann, widow of the late Robert alaitland, ENs., of the Worthens, Thaxted. Eseex, aged 79. On the 5th inst., at Upper Brunswick-place, Brighton, Philadelphia, widow of the late John Ede, Esq., of Upper Harley-street. On the ith inst., Mary. wife of MTr. R. Piteler, of 'Union-row, reir Kent-roase and Lyon's-inn. Strand, aged49, leaving her husbandandsix children to deplore her loss.
rAl?LTAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE. -PIA'?rMTARY IiNTBLLI[GB,YcE. HOUSE OF LORDS, Mo,nDY, ALY 5. 'rhe LoPR CUANCELLOR took his seat on the woolsack at b o'cleck. At that hour there was an unusuaUy large attendance oE peers, and the interest excited by the anticipated debate on the Treaty of Peace was manifested by the presence of a gay annd brilliant assemblage of ladies, whothronged the galleries allotted to their use. The space in front of the Throne was fiUed with the sons of peers and others having the right of &dmission to that part of the house. The standing-room at the bar was also fully occupied, while the gaUery appropriated to the accommodation of strangers was crowdedperhaps inconveniently so-by those who had been fortunate enough to procure erders. Amore impressive scene than that which the House presented when the Earl of Ellesmnere rose to move the Address to Her Majesty has seldom been witnessed. The Earl of DUNGANNON presented a petition from a place in MidtUesex against the abolition of church-rates without an equivalent. INDIA. - Thc Earl of ALBE1ARLE intimated that, shortly after the Whitsuntide holydays, he would move for returns of the salaries and pensions paid to the covenanted and uncovenSanted servants of the East India Company, as well as to - the military officers employed in the Indian service, ancd at the same time woulld call the attention of the House to the Tecommendation of the Madras Torture Commissioners, that a greater number of European functionaries should be employed in the civil service, with a view to the suppression of torture, and submit whether an efficient European civil agency be compatible with the present lavish remuneration of the civil services of India, considering the deficient and falling condition of the revenues of that country, and the - proved poverty of the people. THE THANKSGIVING SER3MON. On the motion of Earl Grs.rLvuxE, a vote of thanks was awarded to the Bishop of Bath and lVeUs for the able and eloquent sermon he preached before their lordships on Sun. day last in Wcstminster Abbey. DISELM1ODIMENT OF THE MhILTIA. In reply to a questios from the Earl of CLAyNCARTY, Lord PAXMURE stated that it was the intention of Her Majesty's Government to commence the disembodiment of the militia with as little delay as possible, and to disband the force so gradually that no great body of labourers would be thrown upon the country at one time. THE TREATY OF PEACE. The order of the day having been read by the Clerk at the table for taking into consideration the General Treaty between Great Britain, Austria, France, Prussia, Russia, Fardinia, and Turkey, for the re-establishment of Peace, The Earl of ELLESIERE said,-I rise for the purpose of inviting your lordships' assent to an address of congratulation to Her Majesty on the peace which has been concluded between this country and our allies on the one hand, and Russia on the other. Before I touch on any of the topics to which I may be tempted briefly to advert, for the purpose of recommending sach motion to what I hope and trust will prove your lordships' unanimous acceptance, I would ask permission to address myself for a moment to that considerable majority of your lordships who, like myself, are not old enough to have a Parliamentary recollection of the similar occasions which have occurred within the present century. Your lordships would find on inquiry that the duty I now undertake has usuaUy been allotted, as it is now, not to one of those who, from connexion with office or from their active participation in public business, are in the habit ol speaking with authority in these waUs, but rather to one who, having nothing but independence of position to recommend him, must look to your lordships' indulgence for attention rather than to that deference which is earned here and in the other House of Parliament by exertions to which I am not equal and talents which I do not possess. I owe it to Her Majesty's Government, whick has invited my services, to state a circumstance which may acquit them, if not of defective judgment, at least of departure from prescription; and I owe it to myself to avoid the possible charge of presumption in accepting a duty which, though I undertake ib not without satisfaction, but for that excuse of practice and prescription I should have gladly left to abler and worthier hands. My noble friend the Secretary for Foreign Affairs has closed his labours, andcreturning "fraught in either hand with palm and olive, victory and peace,"- has laid his work on your lordships' table for better criticism than mine. For my own part, whether I look to the terms of the treaty from which the veil of diplomatic secrecy has lately been lifted, to the protocols which throw much, and, so far as they go, doubtless, faithful light on the manner in which it has been brought about; or whether I look to both with some reference to former settlements and to the circumstances in which my predeceszors in the discharge of my present function have stood, I own that I should have to look very curiously and very fastidiously for any drawback or mitigation of any moment to the satisfaction of which I have spoken, and which I would fain hope to find largely shared by your lordsbips. (Cheers.) Mdy lords, I am not here to exaggerate my own feelings, or to misrepresent those of the publie in this matter. My own satisfaction I do not intend to describe as th,.t which springs from victories without a check, from success without sacrifices, or such as might attend one of those great consummations which enable the victor at his pleasure to trample on a prostrate foe. Satisfaction such as France might have felt with thebulletins of UIm, or Austerlitz, or Jena is not mine, nor is it what I ever expected to gain, nor, I must own, what I can lament to forego. I must, however, still contend that our reward for great exertions and great sacrifices, though less dazzling in the mode of its attainment and less astounding in its immediate incidents than was the cme in 1814andl515-though it involve no subversion of dynasties, no sweeping redistribution, still less acquisition of territory-though it leave on the map of Europe littletrace beyondonebeneficent and not unimportant change-has come up to the mark- which we prescribed to ourselves at the outset(cheers) ; is in the main all to -which reasonable men looked forward, and more than even sanguine men expected to gain within the time, or anything like the time, in which the issue has been attained. Eyes more practised, if not more impartial, than mine will scan the provisions of this settlement; it is fit they should. For my own part, looking back to the origin of the struggle-to its past vicissitudes and chances to come-I know of no rational expectation, no fair demand, no purpose at once achievable and considerable, which has not been met by one or other of its provisions. (Hear, hear.) I speak for myself, but I am sanguine that, however modified may be the assent, or even however pronounced the dissent, of some of your lordships to this general view of the subject, I shall not be considered by those who hear me here as having vitiated the moderate and, as I conceive, scarcely exceptionable terms of the address by the language of intemperate advocacy. Beyond these walls, I am well aware that wvith a considerable portion of the public considerations have exercised, and may probably continue to exercise, an influence adverse to the conclusions I have stated. There is no doubt that England has warmed to a contest which she did not provoke; that difficulty and sacrifice, instead of depressing, have but roused her energies; and that the consciousness of developed strength and unexhausted resources has made her ofall the parties to the strife the least disposed to shrink- from a further trial of arms. (Hear, hear.) I am, however, convinced that the issue at which, byless violent means, by honest concurrence with a faithful ally, by the demonstration without the actual use of preparation for war, by firmness without menace, and conciliation without weakness, we have arrived is one which, on calm consideration, wiUl bear even the jealous scrutiny which men in the frame of mind I have mentioned are naturally disposed to apply to its conditions, and that it will @btain the approval of the future and unbiassed HaUlam or Macaulay. If I look back to the circumstances under which my noble friend left England for Paris, I might advert to some which materially advanced the inherent difficulties of the trulst which he 7ndertook, and which ought to enhance our apprecation of the success with which he has overcome them. In Count Orloff and Baron Brunow he certainly had a singular advantage of meeting with two distinguished men, both of whom knew him, and the latter of whom knew this country well. They were, therefore, incapable of individually doubting the honesty and good faith which he brought to his task. In other quarters, however-I mean as regarded public opinion on the continent, and especially in Paris-I believe my noble friend embarked under a cloud of misconception respecting the mind and policy of England, well calculated to add to the difficulties which he has overcome, and the anxieties from which he is now released. (Hear, hear.) It was very generally imagined-at least it was very industriously circulated-that England, in pursuit of some interest, real or fancied, of her own, was willing or resolved to ignore the substantial offers of Russia; that it was part of the instructions of my noble friend, by all the subtle sdevices attributed to that bugbear of continental coffeehovues, "perfidious Albion," to make it impossible for Other Powers to accept conditions with which they were satisfied, and to close a strife with which they were comparatively wearied. Your lordships have not to learn from me that these suspicions were utterly anfsunded. Still, tbser was much th account for and excuse them. The recognition by Russia-which I shaU always think a frank and manly one-of a state of circum- stances which forbade her to persevere in armed opposition I to the remonstrances of her truest friends and the accumulating power of her antagonists had come, not as such recognitions often come, late, and on sheer compulsion, but hadanticipated the expectations of Europe at large, and still moze of England. It certainly ran before my own. Here and elsewhere, but here especially, men were slow to perceive and to admit that the untarnished honour of her arms had enabled wisdom and moderation to predominate in her councils. It was the duty of Government, while a prospect remained of a recurrence and continuance of the contest, to take no step and to use no language which should relax our material preparations for the worst, or damp the spirit of the country. It was an inevitable consequence that while, on the one hand, some here misconstrued the conduct of Russia, others should draw false conclusions from the somewhat grim and determined attitude of England. It was hard to believe that a count which had accumulated, not in unapproachable nooks and corners, but in the face of day and th?e blaze of notoriety, materials for war such as the world had never witnessed could be sincere in its acceptance of the preliminaries of a peaceful solution. I advert to this, because I am weU convinced that my noble friend had uphiU work to encounter at the outset, before he could carry conviction to the minds of all concerned that he was as incapable of accepting the task of acting on dishonest instractions an any Engis~h Government, let the party in power be what it may, is of giving them to its representative. (Hear, hear.) Your lordships now hnow in what manner and with what amount of success m.y noble friend encountered and overcame these and all other diffculties of his arduous task. His success has, at least, been such as leads me to entertain much distrust of a theory very prevalent in this country. It is somewhat remarkable that, while by the continental press England is very usually represented as the type of selfishness and perfidy-as always aiming and often arriving at overreaching the innocent dplomatists of other countriesall this time she is as constantly represented by writers of her own soil as the ready dupe and victim of the superior diplomatic capacity of continental statesmen. (Lauhter.) I hnorw, and your lordships know, that the first of these theories is erroneous. I think the recent condduct of my noble friend and his coadjutor Lord Cowley throws much doubt on the second. (Hfear.) I see no evidence in the documents before me that the innocence of my noble friend has been,practised upon. (Hear, hear.) But. my lords, I am equay bound to say that I see no proof that the attempt w;as made. I have no doubt that Count Orloff contended well and manfully for his master's interests, but neither in the documents before us nor from common fame have I gathered reason to believe that he was more capable than my noble friend of descending to those low and insincere devices which diplomatists are supposed to permit themselves. Those who had personal knowledge of men and things at St. Petersburg, as I have heard, drew favourable auguries at first from the selection of Count Orloff for hismission. (Hear, bean.) It was, as Ibelieve, justly thought that the choice spoke wel for the character and intentions of that young Sovereign for whom, from no fault of his own, the dawn of his reign arose " Not in the sunshine and the smile of heaven, "Bat wrapt in whirlwinds and begirt with woes." (Hear, hear.) I hail in that Sovereign the indications of strong will and sound decision which have contributed essentially to the pacification of Europe and give fair promise of the continuance of tranquillity. I hope that Russia may henceforth presenta spectacle which the rest of Europe may contemplate not only without jealousy or mistrust, but with sympathy and satisfaction-the spectacle of a great empire, under the guidance of a strong and able hand, pairing the ravages of war by the arts of peace. (Chees It is perfectly true, and a trusm, that the real sinews of war are wealth, science, and civilization; but it is as true that the cultivation of all or any of these interests has pacific and corrective tendencies, and if we are to act, either as individuals or as nations, on the moral view that everydepository of power is to make the worst possible use of it, the world wil he less fit to live in than it now is with al its imperfections. (Hear, hear.) I have argued elsewhere, and I continue to hold the opinion, that a single well directed line of rails would havo made Russia more formidable to her antagonists than all the guns, ships, and stores she had accumulated for years together in the Crimea. (Hear, hear.) It requires no great wisdom to }-now and to feel this; but I am content to take my chance of any misuse which future Czars may make of those additions to her power which accrue, not from without-in the shape of acquisitions by force and fraud-but from within-by good government and industry. (Hear, hear.) I have no right and no wish to act otherwise. The time has been when all nations without exception, and England among the rest, entertained contraryprinciples, and acted on them when they could-I mean the principle that the wealth and gains of one nation are the poverty of another, and the power and strength of one, however legitimate, the weakness of another. My lords, I think these principles as detestable as they are unsound (cheers) ; and I am happy to think that the whole tenour of the recent legislation of England has been such as to enable me to disclaim and repudiate them. (Hear, hear.) Least of all am I jealous of Russia on thescore of India. (Hear, hear.) Language has beenheld in another place, on far higher authority than mine, well calculated to dissipate the delusions which have prevailed rather widely on this subject-the man who sits on the throne of the Romanoffs. (Hear, hear.) India may have its own difficulties and its own dangers. (Hear, hear.) I do not wish to speak in any arrogant or boasting tone, stil less with any insolent assumption of military superiority to our late antagonists. " Stetimus tela aspera contra "Contulimusque manus." India, I repeat, may have its own difficulties and its own dangers. it is our business to find Clives, and Wellesleys, and Goughs, and ElUenboronghs, and Dalhousies to meet them, if need be, in council and in field. (Hear, hear.) A Russian invasion-one, at least, worthy of the nameI do not think very probable; but, if it were possible that some modern Alexander, with the propenmsties of his Mfacedonian namesake, could overcome the difficulties of the journey, I hope and believe he would find on the banks of the Sutlei and in the district of the five rivers something very different from Porus and his zoological col lection. (Hear, hear.) Be this as it may, nothing can, to my knowledge, be more unfounded than the notion that India had anything to do with that strong national feeling which, when the time came, made England ready to draw the sword, and, scorning alike disaster and success, made her unwilling to sheathe it. (Cheers.) I have consulted my own feelings in endeavouring to express what I think is justly dueto my noble friend. It is possible that in the course of free discussion he may have to encounter less friendly criticism, but in what I have to say with regard to others I have little apprehension of securing the accordance of yourlordships. Inalapseof time-short, thank God, in comparison with the duration of former wars, but if time could be measured, not by the revolution of the heavenly bodies, but by action and emotion, almost a lifetime-this country has accumulated a debt of gratitude to those who have devotedthemselvesto its service which Ihave no words to acknowledge, and the fountain of honour has scarcely rewards to satisfy. (Hear, hear.) I know by report the number of hours which have been elsewhere devoted to the discussion of a single episode of the great struggle from which we are now taking breath. (Hear, hear.) I accept that warming, and your lordships need not fear from me the infliction of a review, however summary, of the events of the war, nor any attempt at a catalogue of the names which would rise to the recollection of your lordships. Of those 'Who did their duty. and did it well, in the normal discharge of their profession it is scarcely for me to speak. Of some who did more than their duty, who found or made occasion for the display of their hijh qualities-such men as Williams and Iiis associates, Nasmyth, the lamented Butler, and Dr. Thompson (hear, hear) can derive no lustre from mention or praise of mine. There are other reasons why I should repress, though I do it with difficulty, some expressions of opinion and some statements of what I believe to be fact. There are subjects connected with the vicissitudes of the late struggle of which I know too little, and, pardon my presumption if I add, I also know too much to bring them now under discussion. Among those on which I scarcely trust myself to speaLk are Lord Raglan's services and Lord Raglan's loss. (Hear, hear.) I am the less disposed to regret any restraint I put on myself in this matter because I know that accident has elsewhere afforded occasion to more than one friend and associate of Lord Raglan to do justice, as far as for the moment is possible, necessarily incomplete, but substantial and solid, to his glorious and lamented memory. (Continued cheering.) Among those witnesses to character and conservators of that sacred trust-a comrade's fame-was one who, I say it advisedly, next to Lord Raglan, contributed more than any man living in Her Majesty's service to the success of the allied arms and the peace in which we rejoice. I mean Admiral Sir E. Lyons. (Hear, hear.) I well know that if lie were standing, as I wish he were, in my place, he would tell your lordships that through that awful winter of complicated trials, such as no army I ever heard or read of endured and survived, there was one spell which stood between that host and its destruction. That spell was confidence in its leader. (Hear, hear.) From that humble abode, the head-quarters of Lord Raglan, there radiated a moral force, a sesene and unquenchable spirit of faith, and trust, and duty, which did resist, and which alone could have re-isted, the combined influences of weather, privation, and fatigiue superadded to the consta:nt changes of a defective military position, threatened in front, flank, and rear by a brave, an able, and outnumbering enemy. (Hear, hear.) The spell prevailed; not even discomfiture, far less disgrace-for discomfiture and even destruction under such circumstancees might have come without disgrace-fell on the banners of England. My lords, the agony of that time has become matter of history. The vegetation of two successive springs has obscured the vestiges of Balaklava and Jnkermann. Strong voices now answer to the roll-call, and sturdy forms now cluster round the colours. The ranks are full, the hospitals are empty. The angel of mercy still lingers to the last on tle scene of her labours (hear, hear); but her mission is all but accomplished. Those lone arcades of Scutari in which dying men sat up to catch tde sound of her footstep or the flutter of her dress, and fell back on the pillow content to have seen her shadow as it passed. are now comparatively deserted. She may probably be thinking how to escape, as best she may, on her return the demonstrations of a nation's appreciation of the deeds and motives of florence Ni-htingale. (Hear hear.) I am sure that from Baalakava and Kadikoi to the ravine of the Tchernaya and the heights of Inkermann, while En-land's renovated battalions are shaking the earth WitA their tramp and extorting alike from constant allies and former foes that ungrudging admiration which true soldiers love to feel even for " foemen worthy of their steel"-amid that pomp and circumstance of war's display without its terrors, and the interchange of hospitalities between reconciled antagonists, surgit amari aliquid. (Hear, hear.) There will be a bunch of myrrh in the festival goblet when the cup is fullest and the revel is at its height, which will make the draught bitter but wholesome. (Hear, hear.) There will be a thought and a sigh for one who should have been there. They v, wl miss a mong th e crowds of officers of nany nations tihe gmles a leeve, tho noble form w hici in the m uAst go there, and they must have shelter and be protectagainst the brigands who infested the whole of that quarter. Moreover, these forts are not forts for purposes of aggression; they were intended for internl objects ; in fact for defend. ing commerce-for assisting the block-ade which has been so many years established in these countries; but Count Orloff stated, on the part of the Emperor of Russia, that he hoped the character of the people would be imir proved by the civiliing influence of commerce, that the blockade and other restrictions would be remnoved, aud that all the ports of Russa in that quarter-seven or eight in number-would be opened to foreign trade and would receive foreign consuls. (Hear, bear.) I believe I have now answered some of the objections that were taken to the treaty by the noble earl opposite, and I shall, if necessary, be prepared to give any further explanation that may be required. But I should ill fulfil the obligations imposed upon me by justice aud gratitude if I did nob bear my humble testimony to the honourable conduct, the perfeet good faith, and the straightforward proceedings of the Emperor of the French. (Cheers.) The Emperor occupies a great position vhich he has made for himself, and which ho deserves, because it is founded upon entire confidence in his honour'and fidelity. That confidence will continue to increase, for the great position which he occupies -* the great power which he wields-has neither disturbed his calm judgment norkindled in his breast the flameof ambition. (Cheers.) His policy had its reward when, on the 30th of March last, the anniversary of the Battle of Paris, the representatives of the same Powers who had signed the treaty of Paris went in a body to the Tuileries to announce to the Emperor Napoleon that they had just signed with France, and not against France, another and a very different treaty of Paris restoring peace to Europe. (Cheers.) I must acknowlege, my lords, that whenI arrived in Paris I became painfully sensible of the existence of a feeling there-produced by the tone adopted in Parliament and the press-that we did not intend to make peace, but to drag France on in a war with us, even after she believed that the objects for which the war was undertaken had been accomplished. But I must say that the Emperor did not share that feeling. (Hear, hear.) The Emperor knew that what we had undertakento do. we should perform. He believed in the honour of England, and he believed that no British Minister and no British representative would undertake negotiations for the purpose of securing any selfish objects. But, on the other hand, the Emperor well knew that, faithful as we should be to our own engagements, we should, at what. ever risk or hazard, insist that engagements should be kept with us. I believe one of the chief reasons which rendered the notion of a congress, and the negotiations at Paris, unpopular in this country, was the impression that Russia was insincere, andthat the Conferences of Paris would be put an end to, as those at Vienna were terminated, by Russia. I am therefore the more desirous of saying that, throughout the negotiations, the conduct of the Russian Plenipotentiaries was honourable and straightforward. (Hear, hear.) Tney certainly did, in a manner of which -no one could complain, in a reasonable tone and with great moderation, endeavour to alter some of the conditions which were submitted to the congress, but they always declared that if thoEe conditions were insisted upon they should be faithfully observed, and on no occasion did they pertinaciously insist upon any deviation from those terms to which the other plenipotentiaries declared their determination to adhere. I must also say that on more than one occasion proposals were made to Count Orloff, which were at variance with his instructions, so metimes exceeding them, but which he accepted, and upon -which he was obliged to ask for orders from St. Petersburg; and in no one instance did the Emperor of Russia fail to approve, by the telegraph, the conditional acceptance given by his plenipotentiary. (Hear, hear.) On all occasions, indeed, Count Orloff manifested a desire not only to prove that he acted in good faith, but to meet every wish of the other plenipotentiaries. I trust-although my noble friend thinks that Lord Cowley and I have been somewhat too "soft" in this matter (a laugh)-that your lordships will agree that if, without abating one atom of the substance of our condition>, we could, in matters of form, consult the dignity of a Sovereign between whose subjects and those of Her Majesty there existed important relations which could not but be promoted by the restoration of cordiality between the respective Governments, we were right in doing so. (Hear, hear.) I think if your lordships will reflect upon the state of things which existed two years ago,-if you remember the onerous treaties by which Taurkey wasbound, and which were so interpreted as to give Russia powers of interference in the Ottoman empire,-if you remember that Russia claimed a protectorate over the civil and religious immunities and privileges of many of the Sultan's subjects,-that Sebastopol, protecting a powerfulRumsianfleet.wasastanding menace to Turkey,-that Russia claimed a protectorate over the Principalities, and claimed and constantly exercised a power of armed intervention,-that she was able to obstruct the free navigation of the Danube,-that she was meditating the establishment of another Sebastorol in the Alndlslands,-that she was aiming at an occupation of NTor. way which would have given her complete command of the Northern seas,-if you remember thatRussia had created and justHlied the greatest alarm throughout Europe, and if you reflect that now all the treaties between Russia and Turkey are annuled (hear, hear)-that the Sultan has granted reforms, privileges, and immunities to his Christian subjects,-that Sebastopol and the Russian fleet are no longer a menace to Turkey,-that the seas which were before closed, are now open to free and unrestricted commerce (hear, hear),-that the principalities will no longer suffer from Russian protection, or have canse to fear Russian intervention, but that the institutions which, in fact, they will give themselves, will be placed under the guarantee of Europe,-that a treaty has been signed, which is annexed to the general treaty, and therefore part of the national law of Europe, which guarantees the possessions of Sweden and Norway from aggression on the part of Russia,-that Austria is now more closely bound to the Western Powers by the treaties into which she has entered,-that Sardinia has gained great influence and prestige by the position which has been assigned to her in the congress of the great Powers of Europe,-that the alliance between England and France has been strengthened by the war,-and that the common sacrifices and hareships which they have borno have cemented the ties of friendship, goodwill, and cordiality between the two nations-I think, my lords, you will have no reason to be dissatisfied. (Cheers.) I think it will be admitted thatthe objects of the war have been accomplshed, and Itrnust that a treaty which secures those objects may not be thought unworthy of yourlordshipse approval. (Hear, hear.) Itrust, also, that the people of tbis great country-knowing, as they da, that their resources are unexhausted, that their energies are unimpaired, that they were never, at any moment, of their history better prepared for war than at the present time-will be content to sheathe the sword with honour, and remember the calamities of war only the better to appreciate the blessings of peace. (Loud cheers.) The Earl of DERBY.-I am very far from denying to the noble earl that, comparing the condition of this country and its foreign relations at the present moment with what they were two years ago, thowarhasnotbeen unaccompanied by circumstances which afford reason for satisfaction and congratulation; but the question between us is, whether all that might have been attained has been effected (hear, hear)-whether we have made the full use we might have done of the powers we possessed-and whether by this treaty we have, according to the statement of the address, " fully accomplished the great objects for which the warwas undertaken." (Hear.) I can assure Her Majesty's Ministersthat nothingwouldhavegivenmegreatersatisfactionthan to have been enabled to join in an unanimous address to Her Majesty upon the Royal messago which has been sent doWn, announcing the conclusion of peace; and I certainly hoped that the noble earl, having so long delayed laying before your lordships the words of the address, would have taken care-and I think I ventared to make the suggestion to him-tha' it should be framed in such terms that no possible difference of opinion could have occurred; but, with my conscientious views of the results of the war and the terms of Ithe peace, J cannot consent to adopt that language of high-flown eulogy which Her Majesty's Ministers have thought fit to apply to themselves (a laugh), and de. care that I regard the peace "with joy and satisfaction," and as having been concluded *t on conditions honourable to Her Majesty's Crown, and which fully accomplsh the great objects for which the war was undertaken." (Hear, hear.) I accept this peace, and I accept as I believe the country accepts it-without enthusiasm, but without opposition. (Hear, hear.) I believe the country looks upon it as a peace which might have been worse, but which might have been far better ("hear," and a laugh)-a peace with which they are willing to put up, but not a peace which they think compensates for the sacrifices, the sufferings, the labours, and the e-xpenses of the war. (Hear, hear.) I can only hope that this peace may be permanent. I hope it may have a better fate than that peace to which, unless he was misrepresented, a right hon. colleague of the noble earl opposite compared it-the peace of Amniens,-a peace which that right hon, gentleman de. clared was one at which all men rejoiced, but of which all men were ashamed. This is a peace at which all men may rejoice, inasmuch as it raust be a matter of general rejoicing that this and other countries are freed from the calamities of war, and enabled to enjoy the blessings of peace; but I say, also, that it is a peace the terms of which afford little, if say, reason for national rejoicing, I cannot complain that my noble friend who has just sat down has referred to the siege and abandon- ment of Kars; but I must be forgiven for saying that idd not think his explanation was entirely satisfactory, either with regard to the conduct of the ambassador or of HerMajesty's Government. I entertain hiigh admiration Of th3 talents and ability of Lord Stratford de Eedclifre. It Is. quite true, as my noble friend opposite has stated, that I felt it my duty to advise Her ljesty, in rewarw for Lord Stratford's Iong labours and able services*' to confer upon him a seat in this 2Eouse, which ihe lhA richly earned by his devotion to the pablic service; but it; is not the fact, as my noble friend has been led to sup. pose, that I at any time suggested the removal or iny noble friend who was then Ambassador at Paris, in order to substitute Lord Stratford de Reddliffe, and I think my noble friend the ambassador at Paris will recollect the particular circumstances under which he wa retained at his post in that capitaL aVltever gratitude* however, the country may owe to Lord Stratford for hi& many and importantservices-and for none of reaterval than those rendered in the position which he has so long filled at Constantinople-Parliament must not omit to cen. sure a neglect which appears to have been prejudicial to the public interest, merely out of consideration for thome ervices. In dealing with Lord Stratford my noble friend andthe noble viscount at the head of the Government seenx to be under some strange misconception. We are told apologetically that Lord Stratford had many other things `to attend to-that he had six matters, all more im. |portant than the reief of Ears, pressing upom him coincidently; and, allowiug for a little exaggera. tion in the estimate here given of the reLative weight. of the rival subjects claiming his attention, I have nou doubt that his time was amply occupied. Bnt, if that btso, what is the meaning of the stem and severe rebuke ad. ministered to the ambassador by my noble friend for not; doing that which, according to this statement, it waaabsolutely impossible for him, overwhelmed as he waswith his multifarious other avocations, to perform? Then my noble friend says that Lord Stratford deeply :egrets and deplores his neglect of the British commissioner at Ears, and penitently wishes that he could recall it; but; that in the latter period of the siege of that fortress, when it. was unfortunately too late to do anything effectual in behalf of its brave garrison, no man could have devoted himself to. the business withmore zeal and ability than our ambassador. Yet he sincerely repents of his shortcomings, for which, in no over lenient terms, my noble friend reprimanded him; and, therefore, what becomes of the assertion of the noble-viscount the First MIinister that Lord Stratford did every. thing within his power? The Earl of CLARlEDON.-The noble earl must ardo6n me for interrupting him, but I should like to k-now whera the statement was made -which he ascribes to Lord Palmerston? The Earl of fALMESBU RY.-On the 1st of My. The Earl of DERBY.-The authority on which spoIke is not such as I would always trost, yet it is fully as authentic as many of the public documents laid on your lordships' table. (A laugh.) But, whatever may have been the con. duct of Lord Stratford on this point, he was, in the first place, the agent of Her Majesty's Government, and, in the next, whatever blame attaches to him is of - small importance as regards the fate of KRsS when compared with the omissions directly and immediately attributable tothe :Ministry. (Hear, hear.) In the eulogium passedby my noble friend on General Williams there is not a. man who would not cordialy and entirely concur, and-as it turns out-no selection for his offica could have been better ormore fortunatefor the publioc service. But whatwas his position? He vas a commissioner attached to the Turkish army, precisely, as the noble3 earl says, on the same footing as Sir Hugh Rosea stood in connexion with the French army. He had no, power-no authority-no rank True, being no ordinary man, he took upon himself an authority far beyond any with which he was invested, but there is no denymi the fact that if-when it became evident that Colonel Williamsmust either be practically supreme orfai in his object-Her Majesty's Governmnentathomeandthe amnbassadoratOConstan. tinoplehadinterposedto supporthii, and suppliedhim with provisions, Ears would at this moment have remained in die hands of Turkey. (Hear, hear.) That fortress fell from fam3ine and not friom force; and if Colonel Williams had been properly frnished with the money to procureaupplies of provisions-as he might easily have been toany amount-the place would never have been captured. I ay, then, it is indisputable that not our ambassador, but primarily and mainly Her 3ajesty's Government were thecause of that disaster, having left Colonel Williams -without he means of laying in those stores which would have. enabled Eiim, with the military assistance of his friends, to make Ears absolutely impre'nable. (Hear, hear.) It is vain, therefore, for the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs to ride off npon the second epoch o this unhappy business, and to tell us that troscould not be spared from before Sebastopol to save thisAsiatic stronghold. (Hear, hear.) Ilisbened with great admiration to the eloquence of the noble earl who intro. duced this motion, and to the speech of the noble baron who followed, yet, I trust, it will not be deemed disrespectful if I observe that neither of them in the slightest degreetouched on the merits of the questionbefore us, or at all attempted to discuss the advantages. or the defects of the treaty of peace. (Hear, hear.) The speeches of these noble lords -were excellent addresses in praise of everybody and everything (a laugh)-the gallantryof our troops and of the distinguished men, miay of whom are unhappily lost to theircountry-the bravery of the Turkish forces, as well as of our own army and navy-the foresight and ability displayed by Her Majesty's Governmentand last, but not least, the unparalleled efforts made with unparalleled constancy and unanimity by the people of this country for the promotion of the great ob3ects of the war_ But, as to the results of th.ose exertions and sacrifices, and their ultimate effect in achieving the great ends which they contemplated, nota single syllablefell from either of thef4rst tw vspeakers. (Hear.) Thenoblebaron, indeed, assured us that, the hatti-sherifi granted bytheSultaninfavourof his Christian subjects reflects infinite credit on Her Majesty's Governaent, but allow me to remind him that that document. is a condition obtained from our friends and not from our enemies, and does not even form an article of the treaty of peace. [The Earl of Glenelg.-"r saici it did not."] We are now discussing the treaty; and, therefore, whatever merit is due to Turkey for conceding equal rights between Christian and Mahomnedan, it surcly cannot be represented as belonging to Her lMajesty's Government for " extorting" (to ase the language of the nobler earl wvho moved the address) " the ungrudging assent of Russia." (Cheers and laughter.) The Earl of ELLESMERE.-What I said was, that the British army had extorted the ungrudging admiration of iheir former opponents. (Hear, hear.) The 1arl of IERBY.-I can hardly understand how a thing can be "extorted" when it is " ungrudged ;` but that is a point of rhetorical taste on which it would be useless to dwelL ("Hear,"andalaugh.) TheSecretaryofStateforForeign Affairs says that the fall of Ears made no difference tothe contents of the treaty; but one thing isquite clearvia., that when the basis of the pacification was orig'nally signed, no provision was made for the restitution of territory by Russia, for the simple reason that she had taken none. (Hear.) The original terms were that in exchange for thue fortified positions occuped by the allies P.ussia consentedto the rectification ofherfrontierin Europe. (Hear.) In the meantime circmnstances had changed. Russia had become possessed of the fortress of Ears and of a considerable portion of Anatolia, and consequently when at one of the Conferences the restitution of E:ars was brought upon the tapis the Russian plenipotentiary, admitting the principle ot that restitution, yet exprecsed a hope that the question would be reserved for discussion till the close of their proceedings, and that in the meantime credit wouldc be given to him for having assented to the concessions already agreed to. In the first instance, it was one of the preliminary conditions onx which we consented to, enter into negotiations for Peace, thit in exchange for Sebastopol, Rertch, Zinburn, Iupatoria, Balaklava, and other places, we should obtain from Russia the very rectification of the territory of Bessarabia that had been arranged at Vienna; but when the plenipotentiaries came subsequently to discuss the terms of the treaty, the Russian linister claimed that as a counterpoise for the restoration of Krs: most important alterations should be made in that rectification, and those alterations were made accordingly. (Hear.) Yet the noble lord the Secretaryfor Foreign Affairs has the courage to stand up and assure your lordships that the fall of Ears had i,o influence one way or the other on the terms of peace, and that Turkey is secure from future danger. The difference between the plAn of rectification originally proposed and that to which, owing to the surrender of Kars, we were compelled to accede may be illustrated by - familiar simile. In the first case, there was a loclked door, both keys of which were in the keeping of Turkey; in the second, there was the same locked door, but the parties on each side of it had each a key. and which Power Is tie more clangerous to be put i possession of such an instrnment-Moldavia orR,s'--I willleave to your lordships to determine. (Hear, hear.) I do not hesitate to assert that, as regards this matter of the rectification of territory, there is a manifest defect in the trdaty. With respect tothe Black Sea, the original reposition was that it should be completely ncutralized. It was to be open to the commerce of all nations, but no military arsenals of any description whatsoever were to be erected on its coasts. Your lordships have the treaty before you, and you can as- certain for yourselves how far tbat promise has been realized. There is a question to which the treaty makes no allusion, but which, nevertheless, is one of no trivial importance,-What is to become of the fortresses of isnail and Kilia-nova? (Hear, hear.) Are they to be razed? Is there any understanding onthe subject? Perhaps the noble lord the Secretary for Foreign Affairs will have the Idndness to inform us? The Earl of CLARENDON.-There is nounderstanding; they are in the ceded territory. The Earl of DERBY.-A id, what about Nicholaieff-the great maritime arsenal at which most of the Russian ships designed for the Black Sea are constructed? (Hear, hear.) Is Nicholaieff to be destroyed? (Hear, hear.) The Government may find it convenient now to argue that we had no right to demand that NichoLaieff should be dismantled ; but such was not the opinion of the noble lord (Clarendon) at the Conferences of Paris. A change in our fortunes, however, necessitated a change in our policy. At the requesb of the Russian Plenipotentiary, the question was adjourned, which is tantamount to a motion in this Iouse to postpone the reading of a bill for six montlh. The matter dropped; ana it is admitted by the Govern. reent themselves that Nicholaieff i to be left untouched. We are told, indeed, that the Emperor of Russia will not permit any ships to be built there except such as are expressly mentioned in the treaty as being inten&ed for the service of the Black Sea. But no such obli- gation is imposed on him by the treaty. It is simpl.y his experience. (Cheers.) I am anxious to take the earliest opportunity of removing the apprehension of the noble earl opposite as to the prejudicial influence which he thinks the fall of Ears exercised on t'e negotiations.' That appre. bension, or, aslwill take the libertyof callingit, risapprehension, appeared to be so strong on the mind of the noble earl, that notwvithstanding the secrecy to be maintained at the Congress, he did not hesitate to record it, before the treaty of peace was laid before Parliament, in a notice of motion, which he nevertheless subsequently with. drew. Itis perfectlytrue that the fall of Ears was alludedto by the Russian representatives as an important event, which had taken place since the prelminaries of peace had been agreed to atVi;enna, andvwhich gave them some title to advantage, or at leastfavourable consideration, in the negotiations. It was at the same time said that the conditions having been acceptedbythe Emperorof Russia-andCount Orlofftoldme the samething theday afterhisarrival at Paris-they should be faithfully and honourably fulfilled. The fall of Ears, it is said, vas known at St. Petersburg at the time the conditions were accepted there, and that no notice was taken of the event; and as the restoration of territory between the belligerents was a matter of course, and as in the pre. sent case it was a sine qud non condition, we could not even admit that it formed matter of discussion. I will not enter into the discussions which took place on that subject, because a certain proposal was agreed to at our first meeting, and the complaint of the noble earl that the first protocols are meagre and unsatisfactory shows how welt that agreement has been adhered to. We determined inthe first instance that these protocols should merely contain decisions and such opinions as tended to elucidate thos) decisions, but that all desultory remarks and observations should be excluded, and, above all, anything that might wound national susceptibilities, and leave cause for irritation in the event of our labours fortunately concluding in peace. However, if the noble earl will have the goodness to look at the conditions of Vienna, and compare them with the treaty of peace now signed, he will dis- cover that the fall of Kars has not exercisedany injurious influence. (Hear, hear.) Those conditions did not originate with us. They were proposed to us, but were made clear and precise by us. Wge were determined not to accept less, but we could not in honour deniand more. I fearlessly appeal to your lordships and the country, and ask: whether those conditions have not been developed and caried out to their legitimate conclusions (hear, hear), and whether they are not stated in clear and unambiguous language? (Hear, hear.) Such being the case, I regret that the noble earl should have thought it necessary to bring for. ward the subject of Ears at such lenzth, though I, perhaps, should be the last to complain. because I am the cause, as he told your lordships, of his having carried his speech about withhim so long. ("Hear," andlaughter.) Iappointed Colonel Williams to his post in the East with the entire approval of my noble friend at the head of the Govermuient, who first brought him forward and employed him. Colonel Williams was sent as commissioner to the army at Er7eroum, and if Colonel Williams had been an ordinary man he would have confined himself strictly to his instructions, and reported only the occurrences which took place. The instructions to a commissioner sent by the Foreigni-office without mnilitary command or any military duty are to report to the Foreign-office or to the Foreign ambassador the events and political occurrences which pass under his observation If Colonel Williams had been an ordinary man he would have confined himself to those instructions; but he was nob an ordinary man. (Cheers.) He exceeded his instructions, and determined himself to carry out the reforms which were indispensable to the existence of the Turkish army. (Hear.) His conduct was approved, and he was encouraged to proceed in the same course. True, in the early part of his proceedings he did not receive from Lord Stratford that assistance he -was entitled to expect; and no one regrets more than Lord Stratford that he left for so long a period the despatches of Colonel Williams unanswered. Even if Lord Stratford had employed himself in obtaining, and had been successful in obtaining, all that Colonel Williams desired, stil it was a great error to leave a man likc him, situated at a distance, in a position which might add to his diffaculties and tend to dishearten him. (Hear, hear.) I admit this-and Lord Stratford would also admit it-but it would be unjust to assumne that because Lord Straford did not write, that therefore he did nothing else, or to suppose that in a city like Constantinople things were as wveU organized as at Paris, or that procrastination was not the rule there and the performance of duty the exception. What blue. books might have been made out of the Duke of Wellington's despatches, and out of all the disappointments and delays he experienced, not from the il-wil of the Spanish Government, but from their slow habits of business, the want of means and of organization, and from the dislike of foreign interference, which was to be found in all nations, and in none more than in Turkey ! The Turkish Ministers are at all times opposed to compliance with foreign representations, and at the moment when Colonel Williams's demands reached Lord Stratford that noble lord had actuaUy several important matters on hand. He had to demand the cession of the Heraclian coal mines, to obtain a place for barracking the British troops, he was forming the Turkish Contingent, providing baggage animals throughout the provinces of Turkey, and more especially he was attending to the pacification of the Turko-Greek frontier. I do not wish to defend Lord Stratford on any point on which he may be rightly censured; but if your lordships would consider that he had all this business on hand, with political intrigues without end going on, you wiU have some idea of the difficultieshe hadtocontend with. The noble earlopposite saidthatLordStratfordisresDonsible totheForeign Minister and that the Foreign Minister is responsible to Parliament, and he implies that what should have been done was to recaU Lord Stratford. Now, I think we should have acted most imprudently if we had at that moment recalled Lord Stratford and sent out a new ambassador, who would have taken weeks to get to Constantinople, and weeks more to learn the peculiar way of dealing with a peculiar power. (Hear, hear.) We should not by that have saved Ears, and we should have been deprived of the public services of an eminent man at a critical moment. (Hear.) I say that the Government took the most proper course. They expressed strongly to Lord Stratford disapprov4ofsuchof his proceedings as were to be disapproved. They urged him to greater activity in requiring of the Turkish Ministry that Colonel Williams's demands should be complied wvith; and this course was successful, for the blue-book shows that when Lord Stratford received these despatches he did make exertions and was successful in supplying the wants of Colonel Williams. I know very well that Lord Stratford has his defects-who has not? but his failings proceeded from his indomitable courage. NhTo main who does not feel strongly can act vigorously, but theworst enemies of Lord Stratford admit that he has always used his experience of the country, and the influence he has gained during his long and honourable career in the East, exclusively for the good of Turkey. It is not too much to say, that it is to Lord Stratford's knowledge, experience, and influence that Europe is indebted for that hatti-scheriff which is the Magna Charta of the privileges of the Christian subjects of the Sultan, which has estab. lished equal justice in the place of religious domination, and which will, as far as a decree can, unite all ranLs and classes of the empire, and achieve one of the great objects of the war by brining Turkey into fuller intercourise -with the Christian Powers of Europe. Whatever Lord Strat. ford's failings may be, they are certainly not new; such as he is he has been all his life, and yet it is to my noble friend opposite (the Earl of Derby) that he is indebted for a seat in this house. Only a short time ago my noble friend took credit, most properly, for. having-onlyrecommendedto Her Majesty three peers, of whom Lord Stratford was one. (Hear, hear.) I have been reminded, too, that there was at one time a rumour that Lord Stratford had considerable reason to complain of my noble friend (the Earl of Malmesbury), because he was entitled to expect that he would be appointed ambas- sador at Paris. It was said that my noble friend was not indisposed to recall Lord Cowley and send out Lord Stratlord, whose defects have to-night been so vividly described by him in order, no doubt, to cement and promote the har- mony of that alliance of which my noble friend flatters himself that he is the author. (" Hear," and a laugh.) The Earl of MAT2tIEISBURY.-I never heard of such a rumour in my life until just now from your lips. (Hlear, hear.) The Earl of CLARENDONT.-I do not propose to follow the noble earl into everything he said with respect to Ears but I ask your lordships whether, stript of all party colouring, any charge can be brought against the Government with respect to Ears that does net apply equally to the French Government (hear, hear), unless you are prepared to say that we had an interest, excusively English, in Asia M inor? When I had the honour to attend Her Majesty to Paris I discussed the whole subject of Ears and Asia Minor with the French Government. I pointed out the dangers that might result to Turkey from that quarter, that both Powers were equally pledged to defend her from those dangers, and that it was imperatively necessary, for that purpose, to relieve Ears. I found the French Government just asm aliuchive to the dangers which threatened Ears and as desirous to send relief as we couldbe; but it was always urged upon me by various persons whom I consulted, that Sebastopol was our chief object, that to Sebastopol all our attention should be directed, that if Sebastopol fell other things would fol. low as a matter of course, and that in all military affairs of wonsequenie nothing was so unwisse, so likely tg produce f-,tihliue As a divide operere.itn, (eisr, eare.) The generals were consulted, and all of them-GeneraI Pelissier. General Simpson, General Della Marmora-were unanimous in the opinion that not a man should leave the Crimea. What a feeling of indignation would have been raised throughout the country if the Government had taken on themselves-setting aside the wishes of the Turkish Govermment and the recommendations of the generals-to send into Asia an army equal to compete 'With that of General Mouravieff, which General Williams described as the most efficient he had ever seen, which might have given a lesson on parade to the beet European armies, and which was engaged in an extensive blockade, assisted by a large force of cavalry! The fall of Ears was a great disaster-a deplorable incident in the war. 'What its consequences would have been if the war had gone on I will not now pretend to say; but I do declare that that disaster had no prejudicial effect upon the negotiations of peace. (Cheers.) I will now offer a few observations upon my noble friend's criticisms upon the treaty. In the firstplace, he called your lordships' attention to the juxta-position of the 3d and 4th articles, referring to what was given up on both sides. But, that juxta positioi to which he attaches so much importance, has a cause which he evidently does not understand. The whole of these first articles relate to the belligerents, they are kept distinct from those which follow, and whichrelate also to thePowers which had nothing to.do with the war. The 6th, the last of the war articles, which provides for the restoration of prisoners, is generally the last clause in a treaty. (Hear, hear.) Havinig in the 3d and 4th articles provided for the territorial arrangementis necesary to complete the peace, the 20th article, i'n conformity with the conditions of the treaty of Vienna, states that- , In exchange for the towns, ports, and territories enumerated in article 4 of the present treaty, and in order more fully to secure the freedom of the navigation of the Danube, His Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias consents to the rectification of his frontier in Bessarahia." The next point taken by my noble friend refers to transports, and he asks for an explanation of Count Orloff a statement upon that point. In a conversation that occurred upon the subject of transports Count Orloff stated that it would be necessary to have them of a considerab'e size for the conveyance of the troops and to give them a certain amount of arms; but it was ultimately arranged that the conveyance of the troops might be secured by ships of lwar, and that six small vessels of about 200 tons eaea I would be sufflicient. With respect to Nicolaieff, I must observe that Nicolaieff is not in the same condition with respect to the question of military and naval arsenals as Sebastopol. The Russian plenipotentaries did not attach much importance to it, but Count Orloff pointed out that the same principle by which we required the destruction of the. works of Nicolaeiff would apply equally to any place situated upon the internal waters and rivers of Russia flowing into the Black Sea, from whatever distance, and that some shipbuilding place was absolutely necessary for Russia in that part of her dominions for the purpose of building and repairing the vessels which she would be entitled to maintain there. lVhat Count Orloff said was very true. He said it was not the existence of an arsenal, but the use to which it was put, that was of importance; and he solemnly declared, on the part of the Emperor of Rossia, that neither at Nicolaieff, at Kherson, nor at any port in the Sea of Azof, nor in any tributary to that sea, would there be ever constructed or I maintained any vessel xcceeding in number or size those which Russia would be entitled by the treaty to maintain in the Black Sea.1 (Hear, hear.) MIy noble friend complains that this declaration is not included in the treaty, but I do Inot see that Russia was bound to make any engagement; with respeetto her inland waters. We had no right to pro pose'that degree of humiliation, and she would not have agreed to it. But the declaration made by the Russian plenipotentaries in the name of their Sovereign, and recorded in a protocol which is signed by them, although it may not have all the binding force of a treaty, has the same moral obligation (cheers), and I have no hesitation in saying that if one of those protocols were ever violated it might be appealed to successfully by all the contracting parties, as a binding document. (Hear, hear.) Another point to which the noble earl alluded was the rectification of the Bessarabian frontier, and here also he attributed the arrangement that has been made to some amysterioas influence-some spell exercised upon my noble friend and myself, which fettered oiur independent action; and induced usto make a great concussionto Russia. Now, it is quite true that the Russian plenipotentiaries did bring forwardaproject to a great extent at variance with the condi. tionsagreed to atVienna, but that project was unhesitatingly rejected. It did, appear, however, that the line of frontier proposed in the Austrian conditions was by no means the best. There was very great doubt as to the existence of what -was called " a chain of mountains." Some maps omitted them altogether; others had them; and there appeared to be no doubt that they were little more than rising grounds-mere watersheds, in short-just a line that would have made a bad frontier and led to great confusion. It appeared, moreover, that it would intersect some Bulgarian colonies in which the Russian Government take great interest, and those colonies, from infonnation I have since received from one of Her 3fajesty's consuls, seem to be in a most prosperous condition. They are free from the conscription,-they are free from taxes, they pay only asmallamount of rent, they have a local government, and they can leave Bessarabia when they please. We felt that to insist upon a line of frontier which would not be a good one, simply in order to keep Russia to the letter of our bond, would be chicanery, and we therefore agreed upon a line which was so clear that it could lead to no doubt or dispute whatever; which gave both sides of the Danube to Turkey, and restored to her all the fortresses upon that river; which gave to 3Moldavia 200 miles on the Pruth from the point at which it joins the Danube; and which removed all the apprehensions that had been entertained as to the possibility of 1'ussia collecting large flotillas there. (Hfear, hear.) Towards the east the frontier line is extended from the Lake Bourna Sola-one side only of which belonged to Moldavia-to the sea, and the Danube will henceforth be free from all obsta. cles. The removal of the impediments will be intrusted in the first instance to a European commission, and the maintenance of perfect freedom of navigation will be con. fided afterwards to a riverain commission, acting on the s.ame principles as those which regulate the management of the Rhine. Your lordsbips will see, therefore, that that great European object-the freedom of the Danube-has been successfully accomplished. (Cheers.) I will next refer to the forts on the eastern coast of the Black Sea. Not having obtained any military successes in that quarter (ironical cheers from the Opposition)-not having, indeed, carried the war into Asia Minor-we were certainly not in a condition to impose terms upon Russia with respect to 3lingrelia, Imeritia, and the other countries in that regionIt would be extremely difficult, indeed, to know what conditions to have imposed upon Russia. Only two courses were possible - you must either have restored those countries to Turkey, or have rendered them independent. Now, none of those countries would have submitted to be restored to Turkey (hear, hear); and to have declared their independence in the neighbourhood of Georgia and of a Power like Russia would have been a mere mockery, particularly as the sympathies of all the chiefs are with the Russians, who have behaved to them -with great kindness and consideration. (Hear, hear.) Among those chiefs, notwithstanding theremarks of the noble earl opposite, I must include Schamyl, for it is remarkable that the only period during which there have been no military movements whatever against the Russians on the part of Schamyl and the Circassians has been the two years of war. (Hear, bear.) They have never shown the slightest sympathy with us, or the least wish to assist our arms. On one occasion, indeed, a chief did engage with the captain of one of Her Majesty's ships to produco 10,000 mien at a particular place on a particular day; but when the officer went to receive them he could not find a single man. The only evidence we had of their feeling was their declaration to obstract our progress along the east coast of the Sea of Asof. There could be no better authoritv as tothe disposition of the Circassians than General Williams, who in a letterto myself, dated the 13th of April, 1855, informed me that Schamyl was only to be found when the invading army arrived near Tiflis, and that it was a notorious fact that this too-mach vaunted chieftain did not even succeed last campaign in pillaging that town. In another letter, of so late a date as the 21st of August, 1855,General Williams states that at that time nothing was knownofSchamyrsmovements,andthatthe restitution of his son, together with large sums of money inthe form of ransoms, nmight account for this inaction on the part of the Circassian chief. (Hear, hear.) That does not show any very great activity on the part of the Circassians in support of the allies, and does not constitute any great claimn upon us in negotiating the treaty of peace. I say, therefore, that, not having been in a position to alter the territorial limits arranged by the treaty of .Adria. nople, we confined ourselves to that which was areal griev. anco to Turkey, and which, by giving rise to encroachments upon the frontier line, has been a constant cause of quarrel for 27 years between the Porte and Russia. We have appointed a mnixed commission, upon which there will be one English and one French officer, for the complete rectification of tho Asiatic frontier; but, not having been able toannul the treaty of Adrianople, we could not require Russia to demolish the forts on her own territory. Count Orloff said that the forts on the eastern coast of the Black Sea had been built at great expense in most unhealthy localities; that their occupation had been attended with great loss of life; that they were now destroyed, but that he could not engage that nothing of the kind should be built, becase some troops hour of battle they had never far to seek-that countenance vhich by its winnng express.on was in itself a passport to the soldier's heart. (Hear, hear.) Yes, there will be a thought and sigh for hia who established and maintained the footing of England or. that soil, and but for whom, as I devoutly believe, the g.-aves on Cathcart's-hill would have been now, -like the tumull which zecord in that country the reign of extinct dynasties and forgotten sovereigns, thc sole memorial of the achievements and the fate of an English army. (Cheers.) The noble lord concluded - " That a humble Address be presented erMa,esty, to retun to Her Majesty the sincere acknowledgments and thanks of this House for the important communication, which Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to make to this House, of the general treaty concluded at Paris on the 0th of March, between Her Mlajesty, the Emperor of Austria, the Emperor of the French, the King of Prussia, the Emperor of Russia, the King of Sardinia, and the Sultan, by which peace hasbeenre-establishedbetweenlHer Majesty, the Emperor of the French, the King of Sardinia, and the Sultan, on the one hand, and the Emperor of Russia on the other; " To assure Her Majesty that, while we should have deemed it our duty cheerfully to afford Her Majesty our firm support if it had unfortunately been found necessary to continue the war, we have learnt with joy and satisfaction that Her Majesty has been enabled to re-establih peace on conditions honourable to Her Majesty's Crown, and which fully accomplish the great objects for which the war was undertaken; " To express to Her, Majest the it satisfaction which we feel at finding that while those alliances which have so mainly contributed to the vigorous and successful prosecution of the war have been equally effective in the consolidation of peace, Powers which have not taken an active part in the war have combined with the belligerents to give additional firmness tothe arrangements by which the repose of Europe is in future to be protected from disturbance; " To state to Her Mfajesty that we rejoice that, notwithstanding the great exertions which the late war has rendered necessary, the resources of the empire remain unimpaired; "To express our hope that the peace which has now been concluded may, under the favour of Divine Providence, long continue to shed its blessings over Europe, and that harmony among Governments and friendly intercourse among nations rnay steadily promote the progress of civilization and secure the welfare and happiness of mankind." Lord GLENELG said,-I feel that I am at no inconsiderable disadvantage after the eloquent speech, full of pathos and of sound principles of political science, which we have just heard from my noble friend; but I trust that your lordships will accord to me the indulgence which you are accustomed to extend to persons standingiu such a position. I join with my noble friend in expressing delight that the period has arrived v hen we can thank Her Mfajesty for the communication of this treaty. I was one of those who, two years ago, approved the reluctance with which the Government of that day entered upon this war. Convinced as I was of the justice of the war, I was yet glad that they were slow to enter upon it; and I rejoice to bce among the first to welcome the conclusion of hostilities and the returnaof peace. Whea we consider what war is and what peace is, it requires some coolness of judgment to contemplate calmly the absence of war and the revival of peace. It is not, however, by our feelings alone that we are to be guided on such occasions as this. Great as arc the evils of war, there are evils still greater; great as are the blessings of peace, there are blessings for which these ought.to be willingly sacrificed. The question now before us, as my n2oble friend has said, IS whether, speaking generally, the obiects of the war have been attained (hear, hear)whether its conditions have been fulfilled by this peace? I need not dwell upon the general motives w hich justiiied the war; but I may say that, if we consider the state of Europe as it was two years ago and as it is at the present momert, we shall find suflicient ground uapon which to congratulate Her Majesty upon this great truth, that all theconditions cEf the war have been satisfied, fully and honourably, yet without insolent exultation, and without contempt of tie rights and feelings of the nation with which we htve beesat war. The real test is, what re the evils we tneau' to edrss, what the evils we meant to avert, and what bas been the result ? Look at the state of Europe 10 years ago. Russsa was then in possession, either permanently or virtually by means of her influence, of thle greater portion of Europe. Russia, with all her native grandeur exaggerated by the imaginations of men, and surrounded with all the gestid7e which diplomatic skill, talent, and great wealth could throw around her-Russia at that time exercised cver the greater part of Europe a mesmeric influence, the dread of which extended even to our empire in India. What was then the condition of the several countries of Europe? Germany groaning under the influence of Russia; Sweden beingt gradually absorbed into her system; the principalities in hergrasp; the waters of the Danube under her seal; the Black Sea surrounded by her fortresses and loaded with her navies {hear, hear); Turkey not indeed at her last gasp, but already condemned by the sentence of mortal disease which her powerful neighbour had pronounced. (Hear, hear.) WVhat is its state nLow? The spell is broken. Germzany wakes from that trance and begins to show at last some symptoms of conscious existence; Swedeu is released from those bons; the Principalities are rescuted (cries of "Oh P'); the Danube is free; the Euxine is free; the Ottoman empire is preserved ; and therefore I may well say that the spell is broke;n. (Hear.) But, my lords, there is more reason for congratulation even than this. The conspicuous characteristic of the treaty which has been concluded is the moderation wh;ch has been displayed by the belligerents. The two belligerents who commenced the war have, as to that treaty, been swayed by no sordid or personal desires of aggrandizement, by no vulgar ambition. Throughout its stipulations there is none which can be called private. They are all national, all European, all public, and all belong to the world. We remember, my lords, that when FYrance and England entered on this war they announced to the world that it should not ibe followed by any personal aggrandizement. There were some who very naturally were disposed to regard that declaration with some suspicion, because in our time such announcements from kings and statesmen have frequently been thepreludesto acts of rapacityandspoliation. On this occasion, however, that pledge has been honestly redeemed, and its redemption is the most satisfactory characteristic of the treaty. There is, however, yet another subject of congratulation-not, indeed, in the articles of the treaty, because it relates to the internal affairs of Tarkey, but in that instrument which is in a manner incorporated with the treaty and is surrounded by its sanctions-a docament which interests all Christendom-I mean that by which the Sultan has afforded civil and religious equality to all his subjects, Christian and Lfahomedan. (Hear, hear.) That alone would almost have justified what we have done, and it imparts a species of sacredness to the conditions of the treaty. For the first time the Sultan has recognized the rights of conscience and the rights of man. (Hear, hear,) AUl honour and praise are due to tha,t great monarch for having crowned a long series of beneficent acts with this charter of the liberty of his Christian subjects. (Hear, hear.) Praise be to him, and honour to all those who have in any way contributed to this good work; honour especially to that eminent man by whose great exertions, unwearied efforts, and distinguished talents this has been accompli^hed-I mean our Minister at Constantinople. (Hear, hear.) My lords, it is impossible to express any hope for Turkey without mentioning the name of Lord Stratferd. It is to his efforts, his zeal, and his high principles that we owe it that we can number this among the results of the war; and wvarmly have the exertions of Lord Stratford been appreciated by the Christians of that emrpire. There is among the papers upon your lordships' table an address from the missionaries of various religious societies of Rngland and America stationed in Constantinople. It is one of the ablest and most eloquent documents that was ever penned, evidentiy p roceeding from the hearts of the writers. After describina yg what able means Lord Stratford has obtained the great object of the emancipation of the Christians in Turkey, they offer up their prayers that he may for many years he spared to that country, because, as they assert, all the wisest measures which have during the last 30 years been adopted by the Porte have been the results of his personal influence and exertions. (Hear, hear.) My lords, I think that great honour is also due to those Sovereigns of Europe who have cordially ratified this treaty, thus giving their assent to the principles upon which it is founded, and, having thus introduced Turkey into the European system, have cast round its stipulations every guardianship which the policy and the good faith of E3urope can supply. Wehavefencedthem round with the vigilance and watcfulness of 3European statesmen, with the mighit of European armies, andwith the sanctity of religious obligations. l(Hear, hear.) I venture to say that this is a treaty which, looking at it generally, must command the approbation of your lordships and of the country. But, my lords, I should be unjust indeed if, in alluding to the treaty, I did not add my humble tribute to the praise which my noble friend has so eloquently bestowed upon the Government of this country. (Hear, hear.) -In the presence of my noble friend (Lord Clarendon) I must, I know, restrain in some degree the feelings which I entertain; but, in justice to my own position, I am bound not altogether to abstain from their expression. Great credit is due in the first place to the Prime Minister, who was called to the head of affairs under peculiar circumstances by the unanimous voice of the people; but I am persuaded that we owe this treaty-the advantageous conditions which it contains, and the whole spirit which runs through it, in no small degree to the personal character, to the manners and general bearing of mynoble friend the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. (Hear, hear.) Before he took his departure for Paris, my noble friend told us that he would endeavour to make a peace which shonld be honourable to all and humiliating to none, and well has he carried out that declaration. That speech resounded throughout Emrope, and the impression which it made contributed mainly to the successful termination of his labours. I agree most cordially in the observations of my noble friend who has just sat down respecting the conduct of the people of this country during the war. From the treaty itself we are naturally led to consider those who have contributed to its conclusion not by negotiation in the cabinet, but by their galantry in the field and their patience amd liberality at home. I can- not hut express my approbation - of the noble attitude which the people of this country have presented during the two years of war. (Hear, hear. ) When the war commenced it was suppesed that we were so enfeebled by luxury, so devoted to the acquisition of w ealth, saste be unable ever again ho yecall our ancient valour or to riva1 the former glories of Englind. It might have been true that we had to a grea' degree given ourselves up to the arts of peace, but it was not true that these had in any degree affected our national character; on the contrary, there never was a period in the history of this country more full of great exertions, of selfdenial, of the pursuit of great objects at great sacrifices, or ofthe development of every art relating to social life, as the 30 yeas -which had elapsed since the termination of the last war. Under the appearance-perhapsthe s1 reality-of luxury, there were as high principles f duryl at work as ever anuinated the hearts ot Kzgishen. Those sterling virtues whichdninsthatperiodweresilentlyengagedinstrengt!ienig the heartns.o the people, in teaching them soundprinciples, in elevating their character, and in enlightening their minds, -allthose efforts of great and good men in every rank, many of whom have now passed away-were deeply planting the materials from which have ultimately sprung those mighty - results which have been seen by all Europe with admiration, and which are now crowned bythe conclusion of an honourable and satisfactory peace. (Hear, hear.) The people of this country, devoted indeed to the arts of peace, were yet deeply alive to the cause of justice and humanity, andfrom one end of the country to the other the demand of justice and humanity was answered by one universal voice. This war was pecularly the war of the people; theythrewthemselves into the lists regardless of consequences, and, joined to noble allies, resolved never to cease from the war until its objec*awere obtained. If that period excite admiration, what must be our admiration for the subsequent attitude of the country? No eulogy can be too great for the qualities which were exhibited during the summer and winter which followed the commencement of the war. The winter of 1854-1855 is one of the most glorious periods recorded in the annals of E3ngland. Tho most powerful demands were made upon the greatest virtues which belong to man's character. In the field, in the hospital, and in the trenches, gallantry, self-devotion, noble heroism, sublime fortitude, and the heroic endurance of martyrdom were all gathered together and exhibited to the world in the ranks of the British army. (Cheers.) At home the nation was not idle or indifferent. We all know how the springs of sympathy were unIocked, how every heart and every head was at work to furnish supplies of every kind to our soldiers in the Crimea. We kmow how men of every rank vied in their efforts to minister to the wants of their fellow-countrymen, and how many hastened to the seat of war itself to carry consolation to the sick, the wounded, and the dying. Bat this was not alL In the spring of last year negotiations for peace failed, and it seemed ns though the war was to be protracted for a long period. New burdens were imposed, new sacrifices were called for, new miseries were to be endured. Some men began to waver in the struggle; strong nerves began to tremble and stout hearts to falter; but the people of England never wavered. (Hear, hear.) They had nailed their colours to the mast, they had chosen their lot, and they were determined to carry the contest to an honourable issue. Nothing can excelthe solemn batnoble attitude of the people at that moment. There was no noisy invective, no factitious excitement, but a determined resolution arising from a consciousness of right and of power-a resolution thattheyneverwouldbe baffled. Neither havetheybeen. (Hear, hear.) It was impossible to mark the condauct of the people at this period and not to see that the fate of Sebastopotwas sealed. (Hear, hear.) At that juncture Sardinia joined the allies. Let that never be forgotten. In extent and in resources Sardinia is not among the first-rate Powers of Europe, but she did not hesitate to enter into the lists with us, though greater Powers shrank from our side. (Oheers.) With her admirable army, with her people faithf1l to their sovereign because he was faithful to thent, with the single free constitution in Italy (hear, hear), she did mot scruple to eater into those bloody lists, though. ske was fully aware of the desperate mature of the contest, And had seen that the task was one which had put to the stretch the energies even of this great country. At that time unexampled cals were made upon the resources of this country. Let it never be said that a constitutional Government is unequal to the hard exigencies of war, or that it is deficient in energy and rapidity of action. (Hear, hear.) However our military system may have been relaxed during the time of peace, when the call was made there perhapsnever was before seen such a rapid creation of reat forces, sowonderful an application of the multiplied powers of scienee to the purposes of war as betweeaChriskaas 1851 and Christmas 1855. (Hlear, hear.) New power seemed to he given to this country, and new armies and navies seemed to spring Bup as if by magiC. But it is not alone to our own army and to those of our allies that praise must be rendered. Wheu history tells of the famous leaguer of Sebastopol, she will tell not merely of the amies ef France, Sardini, and England, but of those who were within the walls of SebastepoL She will tell of the matchless intrepidity of the Russians, of their unfaltering courage, of their patient endurance, of the science of their engineers, and of the bravery and consummate skill of their generals. It is pleasing thus to be able to speak of those rio have been our enemes, and I know the people of this country would have been willing to pay them tlis tribute had they still remained our enemies. With the exception, perhaps, of one or two instances, the Russiau soldiers of all ranks, particulazly those of the superior ranks, and indeed all Russians of the higher ranks, have displayed a gallant courtesy and a gs.nerous feeling for their enemies which entitle them to the highest respect. The interview between Ifouravieff and General Williams exhibited the chivalrous character of the Rlussian cemmander. I sin now nataally led to direct mv attention to those nations which have been connected with us in the course of the war. First, I will refer to France, with whom we had, unfortunately, at a previous period been in a state of lerg discord, but with whom I trust we shall remain in perpetual peace. Nothing can be more noble than the manner in which England and 3rance united together for the attainment of common objects. The French and the English have jest been brothers inarms, brothers in nmilitary labours and in the victories of war, and I trast that we nay now continue brothers in the more glorious victories of peace. (H3ear, hear.) The confederacy between France and England illbe memorable in history. ConfederaciesgeneraLyareproverbiallyfraiL. en one mightyPowercoalesces with an inferior Power; there is then the acknowledged supremacy of the former, which precludes the evils of divided command. In the present instance, however, two nations equalin power firmly combined together and joined their forces together forthe accomplishment of a great purpose. Great armies were to be commanded and great fleets to be directed; but the generals were to be separate, and yet were to act with combined will, front to front, against one absolute and irresponsible mind of great capacity, and the absolute master of millions of brave, intelligent, and disciplined soldiers. Such were the odds against which this confederacy had to contend, and with great difficulty, too, because severe sufferings took place, disappointments took place, calculated to multiply the embarrassments and bring forth the weakness of a confederated action. And yet success was the result. What was the secret of that success? First and foremost, the purityofthe motives of the alies, and the absence of aU petty discords and animosities. (Hear.) The next cause of our success was the undoubted loyalty and good faith of the two nations. But something more was wanted to effect what the loyalty and good faith of the two nations could not by themselves effect, and that was a wise and well-judgimg mind to direct the policy ofjgthe war. Yon must select one great object; the importanCe of which should be such that its acquisition should finaLy decide the struggle; and that was the principle on which you proceeded. Thus, and thus only, could the combination of the two nations in one common bond be assured. You bound them together by one common aim and one common hope, and thus you gave them a compactness which enabled them to brave and overcome all the difficulties they had to contend with. I say further, to the honour of my noble friend who acted for this country on the occasion, that the paramount object was selected wiselyand well. In spite of difficulties and dangers, the fixed object-thefaUlof Sebastopolwas followed up with a striking and obstinate fidehty. (Hear, hear.) That purpose was steadily adhered to, and no collateral enterprise of the moment, however interesting, no temptations or inducements were able to divert attention from that one object. For this, I confess, praise is due to those military nien who, on the 14th of last June, were called on to decide upon a plausible proposition for the despatch of some troops to a different destination. They felt that the success of the cause they were engaged in was centred in the fall of Sebastopol, and they refased to yield to any ariislents forthe diminution of the force before that stronghold. They knew that the crisis of Sebastopol was approaching, and Pelissier in refusing to let any of the troops depart proved that he had well studied his profession, and the opinions and thconduct of great commanders both ancient and modemn. He showed that he profited by being trained in that great school of war bequeathed by the first Napoleon. He knew that for an army there is no moment more critical, perhaps, than the moment of success, when too great confidence is likely to lead to a relaxation of necessary efforts. History abounds with instances where victory has been thus thrown away at the very moment of conquest. (Hear, hear.) I must also add, in reference to this part of the subject, I honour the French Emperor for the course he pursued. One very satisfactory part of this treaty and the papers connected with it is, that, besides the advantage they confer at present, they contain the promise of much future good, the development of which must be productive of vast importance. Looek, for instance, at the place which Saidinia now occupies among the n ations of Europe. (Hear, hear.) Look at the admission of Turkey into the pale of Europe, and the incalculable consevuences of such a measure. Look at the union between Prance andEngland, and, knowing the misery whiclh war brings and how the advance of arts, science, and civilization is retarded by it, tell me, if you can, what may be the possible consequences of this union, which I trnst will continue unbroken. (Hear, hear.) If it does, it will not be stationary in its effects, but from day to day wfil acquire new strength, and must produce continuaDy increasing fruits. (Hear, hear.) I believe that this treaty will be beneficial to all the parties concerned, and I am glad to think that it will also be beneficial to Russia. We have no hostility to Russia now, and we remember our former frierdship with that country. We lament that it was interrupted by a warfare which, however, is now ended, and we now endeavour in good faith to bind up the wounds we have inflicted. I trast and hope that Russia, remaining a great Power, wiU enhance her greatness and fill the position to which she is entitled. The presenit Emperor of Russia has already won the esteem and regard of Europe. He has shown, by his recent conduct, great moral courage, humanity, and a just estimate of the interests of his people. A great career of usefulness is before him, and I trust he wil steadily pursue that course which he seems determined to take, and, if so, I am sure he wi obtain a glorious reward in the improvement and happiness of his country, and in the love and adniration of all Europe. With these sentiments I most cordially support the address to the Crown. (Cheers.) The Earl of MALMESBRY.-I am sure that your lordships must begm to wish to hear something about the treaty we have been invited to discuss by the noble lords, for, -although it was impossible for us to have heard more doquent speeches than those which have just been deLvered by the noble lords, I doubt whether one of your lordships now. knows anything more, about the treaty than he did 'vhen he entered the house. (Ii Iear, hear," and a laugh.) Upon an important occasion like this I shoud be very unwilling to raise any small-objections, but I cannot help observing that Her Majest's Government would have acted more fairly, and more in accordance with the custom of Parliament, if, immediately after they placed the treaty on your lordships' table, they had also laid the address before your lordships. It was not until Friaay evening that we received copies of the address, so that if we had wished to move any amendment upon it, in which we had desired to have the support of the whole body of our party, it would have been impossible for us to obtain it. 1Hear.) The only reason that could be offered for the delay would be that the address is framed in a perfectly unexoeptionable manner; that it is what ny old friend Baron Bronow used to call une a4dlremse inoeorle(a laugh)-an address without scent or savour, that might have beenpresented from any quarter. But, far from proposing an adldress of that kind, T am sorry to say that the Government, carried away, perhaps, by tihe feelings of the moment, have made use of language so exaggerated that I, for one, cannot concur in it. HIer Majesty's Mlinisters have instructed the noble lords whobegan this conversation to recommaend your lordships to assure Her Majesty that, "whileweshould have deemed it our duty cheerfully to afford Her 15jesty our firm support if it had unfortunately been found necessary to continue the war, we have learnt with joy and satisfaction that Her Majesty has been enabled to re-establish peace on conditions honourableto Her Majesty's Crown, andwhich fullyaccomplish the.great objects for which thewarwasun. dertaken." Icannot concur in this strong language. (Hear.) I may observe, in passing, that if thenoble earl who moved the address, and who is so well known as an elegant writer, had drawn up this article he would not probably have called upon your lordships to express your "joy and satisfaction' on the re-establishment of peace, but would have made the satisfaction merge in the joy, instead of the joy ii the satisfaction. (Hear, hear.) But I cannot follow the noble earl in recommending your lordships to make use of these words at all; I do not think that the treaty warrants us in expressing our joy, or even our satisfaction. As far I understand what were the objects of the war-and I confess I do not clearly understand them, inasmuch as they have never been clearly explained-I deny that theyhave been fully accomplished by this treaty, and I should, therefore, respectfully adviseyour lordships to leave out all the words of this article after "learnt" in ordex to substitute these words:-" That Her Majesty has been enabled to re-establish peace upon conditions which appeared to Her Majesty and to her alies adequately to effect the great objects of the war." 'Whether or not I shall press this amendment to a division depends upon the feeEng that may be manifested by your lordshipsduring the debate. I have no wish to divide upon any motion hostile to the Government, but I have a strong desire to record my decided opinion with respect to the treaty. We are not now met to discuss a question the decisioce of which uAst depend upon our votes; we are in. vited by the noble earl the Secretary for Foreign Affairs t consider a treaty vhich we cannot alter-a treaty -whicl Her Majesty, in accordance with her undoubted prerogative has entered into with other European Powers. Before ] refer to the treaty, for the purpose of pointing out th4 pas which de not fulfil the objects of the war, ii wit be necessary to tell your lordships what thos ebjects were; and the best, in fact, the only authoritl en that point is the authority of Her Majesty's Ministers. 1 hope your lordships will therefore pardon me if I quote X few passages fvom the debates of this and of the other House in order to give you some information as to the opinions o Her Majesty's Ministers with respect to the objects of th4 war. On the 24th of February, 1854, the noble earl thi Secretary fer Foreign Affairs said:- "It might be very desirable or very just to take fron Russia and to restore to the countries from which they ha( been taken various territories which Russia had taken fron ether countries; it may be very just and desirable to maki Rulssia pay the eost of the war; but, my lords, it is impos sible that wre should take any resolution upon any of these subjects without knowving wth what skill and with wha Success th:e war will be conducted, or what will be the posi 'ion andciccnmstances of the Emperor of Russia at its con elusion." This was a complete truism. Events have succeeded m: noble friead's speech, and thistreatyhasbeenframed entirelj in consequence of these events, which have, to say the leas! of them, been very unfavourable to the allies. My nobh fiiend continues:- " Buzt, ay lords, as we are about to undertake it, and a! we have been forced into it against our wish, I say that ii ought to be settled, and firmly settled, once for alL I car assare your lordships that it is the purpose of every mar who darety or indirectly will take part in this war, and that it is tIe purpose of Her Majesty's Govermnent, so fas as the course of events will permit, to do that which is necessary for the future security and tranquillity of Europe to check the aggressive and ambitious power of Russia; Isa3 it will be necessary to take solid guarantees that Europe shall not be again deprived of the great blessings of peace." It wMllbe myduty to show, if I am able, that solid guaran tees have not beenobtained. On the 31st of March, 1854 my noble friend said:- "I trust that at the close of this struggle we shall finc them-Austria and Russia-by our side re-establisbing peace upon a solid and secure foundation; but that peace, m3 lords, will be neither solid nor secure unless the territoria extension and the inmmoderate influence of Russia be re pressed and for ever limited." I shall endeavour to showv that the territorial extension ol Russia has not been much repressed, and that her immoderate influence,if she cllooses it to be immoderate, has notbeen removed. On the 12th of December, 1S54, Lord J. Russell said:- " I believe no peace will be safe for Turkey-I believe no peace will be honourable to this country, which left Sebas. topol in the same menacing position in which it had been of late years before the war." (Cheers from the Ministerial benches.) I understand the meaning of those cheers, but I think I shall show that if Sebastopol is not literally in the same position-if the same stones do not still stand upon others in the same manner as formerly-it is, politicaUy speaking, very nearly in the same position as before the war. (" Hear, hear," and a laugh.) On the 19th of December Lord Palmerston said- " We have engaged in a great war against a great Power, with great exertions, and for great objects; and it does not become this country-it is not either to the interest of this country or the honour of this country-that we should end that war by smalland ineffectual results; we ought to have a result adeqTate to the sacrifices we have made, and in conformity with the interest and dignity of this country." Let us now proceed to examine the treaty and to inquire whether the hopes expressed by the Government with regard to the results of the war have been fulfilled. The first two articles appear to be merely a preamble, but in the third occur the words "the town and citadel of Ears." I am anxious at this point to give your lordshipsan explanation, because I have been taunted by no less a person than the Prime Mlinister with having fled from my pledge to this House, and not having brought forward a motion of which I had given notice, because I was afraid of being defeated. Those who know the customs of this House will, I hope, do me the justice to say that, if I consulted your lordships' o mvenience and the propriety of debate always studied here, it was impossible for me to have brought on this question upon Friday. On Tuesday week the noble earl appeared here for the first time after his return from Paris. It is t'ie custom of the House never to give less than a week's notice of a motion upon an important subject, and I was not ab,lo to give any notice until Thursday. I should then have brought forward the motion upon the following Thursday, but that, unfortunately, was Ascension-day, and the House did not sit. By that time the noble earl had placed the treaty upon the table, and it would have been impossible f r msc to thoroughly discuss the circunmstances of the war in Asia Minor without referring to that important article o! the treatv in which Kars was mentioned. I hold that it is the duty of every member Parliament, if he thinks tie Government in the wrong, to point out the faults they have committed without the slightest reference t) divisions. That is especially the duty of the Opposition; besides, looking at it as a mere question of tactics, it is a great advantage to them to discuEs questions upon which they are convinced that the Govern- ment are in the wrong, in order to inform the country of t'ieir opinions, by which means they may probably convert a majority of the country to those opinions. The articles of the treaty to which I shall first refer are the 3d and 4th :- "Art. 3. His Majesty the Emperor of All the Rus3ias engages to restore to His Majesty the Sultan the town and citadel of Kars, as well as the other parts of the Ottoman territory of which the Russian troops are in possession." " Art. 4. Their .Mjesties the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Emnperor of the French, the Hing of SaTdaiia, and the Sultan engage to restore to His Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias the towns and ports of Sebastopol, Balaklava, Kamiesch, Enpatoria, Kertcb, YeniLkale, Rinburn, as well as all other territories occupied by the allied troops." - Is there anybody in this country who has the common kaowledge that would enable him to change a gold sovereign into 20 shillings, or conduct any simple negotiation of that kind, who will say that the town and citadel of Kars are an epuivalent for all those forts and fortresses restored to ,Russia? Take the first. Sebastopol, the scene of all onr disasters and of all our glories-the scene of all our hopes, disappointments, misfortunes, and victories-the goal for which we contended -for nearly two years-is restored to Russia in exchange for the town and citadel of Bars. Will anybody say after that that the loss of Kars has had no influence on the negotiations at Paris or on the conditions of peace? (Hear, hear.) Why, the juxtaposition of the two art.les proves that such was the case, and so completely did at least one of our plenipotentiaries feel the objection which I now state that, as Iread in the protocols, Lord Cowley protested against the conjunction of the two =ticles onthegroundthatitwouIdappearasif thebelligerent Powers were making.m exchange,whereas inexchangeforthe forts and territorities occupied by the allied armies Russia bad consented to the rectification of her frontier with I:uropean Turkey. But Lord Cowrrley xws immediately rzpressedand suppressed, for the natter-rwas not afteriazds IreFerred torin the conferences; the articles appear followig one another in the treaty, and thereFore I thmnk we are en-tiS-led to amne that there has been an exchange of all the fortresses I have mentioned for the town and cidel of Ras (Hear, hear.). The treatv continues to delare that Russia shall not have any maritimo arsenal on' the shores of the Black Sea There is no exact definition of *hat that term means, and I should be glad to hear from the noble lord opposite an explanation of its true import. Bat I conclude it means tht there are to be no docks in 'which men-of-war my_ b built and armed. Sebastopol, then, 'will have no waa docks; itsdockswillnot be restored, and no men-of-war willbebuiltthere. BBut thereisnothing in theb !t to Irevent the northern forts of Sebastopol being 3aintuan in their present condition-nothing to prevent the RuPia againfortifying their hills and raising another blAlakhof with even grater power than before-nothing to prevent themn constracting immense stone fortresses heavily aned on the shores of the Black Sea, facing the Tarldsh empire, and certainly finding no rival on the oppoeite side. (iear, hear.) When once such a fortification is rebuilt-say at Sebastopol -the treaty maybe observed within it or it mat .not, but that fortress will remain impregnable for ever, a; we must all know that, whatever circumstanoes may happen, it can never again be wrested from the hands of the Russians. (Hear, hear.) But Sebastopol is ime all that we give in exchange for Karsm We give Banakla"' an excellent harbour which the Russians from past expcnence 'wil not allow to fall into our hands a ecna dtme;u we give Kamiesch, which has been admirably fortified _ the Fench; 'we give Eutoria hichhasbeen trengthene by ourseves; -we give Xertch, in the sane position, YeD1 kae-I do not know whether it is to be rebuilt or not; Dao Rinburn, a place of considerable strength. All thee ar given in exchange for the town and citadel of Karswith the addition of Anatolia, the province in which Rarn -s situated, and the only portion of the Ottoman territory occupied by the Russians. But our liberality, or weakne, does not stop here, for what becomes of those many fortk along the Circassian coast which the Russians were oiged to abandon, and the abandonment of vwhich at last gave peace and liberty to that noble people, the Circasias? (Hear, hear.) It has been stated- by t- Pime Minister in another place that the Russans are to rsum possesion, and if they please rebuild and regarrison them. In plain En-iish, my lords, we have deserted the Circasians (cheers,; we have left them to a dreadful and a ertain fate, after having begged for their assistance and, let mne add, benefitted by it to a very great extent. (An ironal cheer from Lord Pan=ure. Notwithstanding the cbeer ofthenoblelordthe Secretary for War-who, let mesay in passing, is not the first authorityI shouldtakeup-on hoetilities in Asia 1inor ("Hear," and laughter)-I repeat that we have benefitted bvthe assistance of the Circasns, because, in 1854, when the Russian general had gained two victories over the Turkish army, and was entering Anatolia, it was the inroad of Schamyl upon Tiflis that compelled him to retreat, and prevented him from noOewing np his advantages during the 'whoe of that spring and sumnmer. (Hear, hear.) But no wonder that the noble lord and his colleagues hve deserted the Circassiasu, when they have already forgotten their obligations to them. (Cheers.) Even, however,-if the Circassians had been unable or unwilling to assist us as-we wished, what were the causes of thatbackwardness on their part? On the 26th of June, 1855, Lord Palmerston stated in the other house that there were no relations subsisting between Her Majesty's Government and the Cireasian chiefs until those arising out of their co-operation. irc the attack upon Anapa. Mr. Baillie immediately got up and inquired, if the statement of the noble viscount were correct, in what capacity Colonel Loyd -was sent to Circassima in the previous year, at a salary of 2,000g. per annum? The noble lord replied that Colonel Iyd had gone to Circassia to open a communication with.the people and ascertain to what extent and upon vhat terms their tooperation with us could be obtained. Is not that inciting themto assistthe allies and direct theirarms against Russia? If afterwards their support did not come up to what was expected, it arose verymuchfrom the mistakesad bluaders of our own Government in conveying arms to that country - and because they did not assist us as much as we wishe theyare forgotten entirely; they are not noticed iA the treaty; only one observation, which had no effect, i6 rmade on their behalf by the first British pltnipotentiary, when he protests against the retoration of those forts, and the word "Circasial is mot found in the protocols. (Hear, hear.) I am afaid that 'henoblelordopposite will stand in history in thesame category with those politicians who,many years ago, desertedl the liberties of other free countries when they had an opportunity of saving them. I cannot believe, knowing as I do the generous spirit of the noble lord, that he did not strongly desire to save the Circassians fropn pdition, and that he was not restrained by ciruotccs which we do not know and which, perhaps, he dare not tell. (Hlear, hear.) Great stress will, of course, be laid upon the neutralization of the Black Sea, and I confess that, of.all the modes of settling that question, the neutralization of the Eusine-the making it a purely commercial sea-is, in my3judgment, the best. But are we quite safe in the arrangement which we have made? Was there no arrice pc,..cec in the minds of those who took part in the negotiations at Paris? I am not entirely satisfied with the answers given to the first 3ritish plenipotentiary upon this point. It is clear that Russia *nd ships of war of a cerain sze intheBacl>S Theussi nplepotentiaries claimed great credit for making 'hat they called such a concession; but it is not a concession on their side only. Turkey, who had the right of navigating the Black Sea, makes a similar concession, and, therefore, the Russian plenipotentiaries had no right to caim any praise npox; that score. Butl observe from the protocols that the suspicionsof our first plenipotentiary were roused, for I find lim asking with evident anxiety whether thetransport vessels which, it appears, the Russians may build ad libtzwi would bearmed? I should like to know how that question was finally settled, because, in answer to the noble earl's observation, Count Orloff replied that, lke all the transports employed by the Powers in other seas, the transports of Russia in the Black Sea would be furnished with an e xclusively defensive armament, saitable to the nature of the service for which they were required. The noble earl (Clarendon), not considering that he would be justified in admitting this explanation, the consideration of the question was adjourned; but it seenis to have been adjourned cinc die, and it is not touched upon again in the protocols. I should like to know how that discussion ended. The suitable amament for these transports may be only one gun, but that may be a very large one, and the transports may be ships of 1,000 tons or of 3,000 tons. They may lie in the impregnable harbour of Sebastopol, whence they may hereafter issue, when they please, to assail the Tarkish coast. Itis our duty to consider all ossible contingencies, and that is not a very emote one. 1think-, then, it cannot be said that the objects of the war are fully accomplished if Sebastopol may be rebuilt more strongly than before, and if its harbourmay be filled with transports sufficiently amed to defend the troops on board and to convey them to any part of the Black Sea. Uinless we can believe that this question of transports was settled in accordance with the views of the Foreign Secretary, it is impossible to say that the objects of the war have in this respect been fully accomplished. There is another question, also, with regard to which the Russian plenipotentiaries seem to have acted -with grt ez ertness. Mly noble friend onposite asked somo awkward questions about Nicolaieff, and he -was told that as that port was not on the Black Sea, but a considerable distance up a Russian river, the maritime-military arsenals there might be continued; but Count Orloff added, as a great favour to my noble friend, that he had. no objection to promise that no larger ships than those described in the treaty should be built at Nicolaieff and that he was also ready to consent that two line-of-battle ships now at that port should be sent round by the Bo-. phorus to the Baltic. The noble lord asked for the only security for the fulfilment of this promise that he probably thought he could obtain-namely, that it should be entered upon the protocols; which was done. I have no doubt that Count Orloff is a man of the highest honour, and that both he and the Emperor of Russia mean to fulfil this promise; but I think it is no insult, even to an Emperor, when we aye m aking important agreements uponwhich thefate of nations depends, toaskforsomemore binding guarantee. We do not regard a bridegroom as a rascal because we ask him to make a settlement upon his wife; and why should we not insist upon binding articles with reference to agreements which concern the honour and the faith of nations ? I do not like to rake up old grievances; and at this moment, when we have just signed a peace with Russia, I should be sorry to say a word that could lead a Russian of any class to believe that I do not sincerely rejoice at the conclusion of that peace; but political events bave occurred in former times betreen Russiaand ourselves which ought to act as warnings, and which ought, I think, to have led my noble friend (Lord Clarendon) to get some more solid guarantee on the subject to which 1 have referred than a mere phrase in a protocol which will be worth nothing after Count Orloff and his master-who are mortal-are no more. [The noble earl read an extract from Sir J. M3'Neill's Progress of Russia in tae Post, detailing negotiations which took prace in 1814 be. tween Russia, Persia, and the Porte, with reference to the cession of territory held by Persia in the Caucasus. The Russian Governor-General in Georgia then solemnly pledged himself that a certain portion of this territory should be ceded to the Porte, and the British anmbassador, 'whose intervention had been employed, satisfied of the sincerity of this promise, felt himself justified in confirming it; but the Emperor of Russia could never be induced to relinquish a foot of the ground in question.) I have not the least doubt (the Earl of Maimesbury continued) of the good faith of Count Orloff and the -En. Feror of Russia, hut. wvhen they have passed away from this eathly scene you will have no line in your treaty vwhich wtill prevent Russia from building what ships sbe pleasesinNsolsieff, so long as she does not bring them down into the Black Sea until a favourable moment amves for doing so. If, therefore, the object of the war was to prevent any future aggression on the part of Russia, similar to that of whdch she has been guilty, certainly the maintenance of the maritime-militarv arsenal of Nicolaieff should have been forbidden, and the fortifications at Sebastopol should havbeen razed as other fortressesalmost asimportant have been razed under the conditions of former treaties, There is ona importantparty of the treaty, with reference to which I fear that I shall have some difficulty in explain-3ing my meaning without a map. One of the cessions made by -Russia-and a very important one-is a part of Bessa. rabia. Your lordshlips may remember that, when Austria proposed the preliminary basis of negotiation, a line was drawn by her 'which divided BeEsarabia, into two parts. The 'whole length of the district was about 250 muiles, and the line drawn as nearly as poasble bisected Bessas-abia Whben this question came to be discussed at the conference I find that the Ru6shsII plenipotentiaries nade a suggestion to which my noble friend could not listen-namely, that something like-a quarter of the prevince which they had promised A ustria to give back to Tu'rkey should be retained by RUssa Count Wfaleweki. said that, although he could. tot approve this pro-' !posdl, there was such a, thing as a principle of I compensation, and.'.hat, if. Russia w9ould give some oetber I pat of Bessaraia in lieu'of that which she wished to kes
CrsrIG PALAoE.-O.N SHEmuG DAY.-Monday, May 5.-Admissions on payment, 1,910; ditto by season tickets, 221; total visitors, 2,13L [Advertiseruent.-will you dine with us to-day? The "W'fe's Own Book of Coolery" tells what to providc and how beat to dress and lay on the tablo a dinner for two or more in any style, either cheap or costly, and adapted to any incoene, smaU or large. ThIs usefru book contains abovo 1.500 original receipts for dishes that can be got up in any household, and is ilustrated with 2iO decrIptive egramings. " legant Arts for Ladies" giveS plain instructions in every elegant art and graceful o.coLnplishment. Price 3s. 6d. each. Should be in every la dy's keinh. Bccstelns " Hndbook of Chamsber and CageBirds" (2s. 6d., ' Treasures in Needlework," by 5rs. Warren and Mrs. Pr LLa (s. bes aro the het boo on their mabjects. Superbly illustrated. Ward and.I ock, 1S3. 1leet-street. [Advertisoment.A-CaptainTrel ne. r's "Adventures of a Younger Son." price 2s., is puFbliohedthl day iatbo "ParlourLibrary." This remarkable vork, printed in large tye, is acknowledged to be one of the maost charmin g works of rtion ever written, Witlhnut the coarsenes of ether naval writers, it toeems vith adventures by se3 of no ordinary character. "Jack Tier, or ths Florida Reef r, by J. Fenimnore Cooper, price ls. Sd.. is aLso dded tn this series. " The hant nm Beinene, or Stories of Ours,*by theausthorcfr tho " Ye'llowFrigate," "Romanceof War," &c., in a fancy cover, w,ilbo delivered to tho trade enl Saturday nert.-Thomss H odgeen, 13, Paterneptersuwv. London. Sold by every bookseller anld Y,t every raihwa slaiJ in C;rea: Pritain and thre Continent,
I THE CRIMBAN BOARD OF InYQUIBY. The Board of General Officers met again yesterday morniag, at 11 o'clock, and resumed the investigation. The part of the hall assigned to the use of the public was to a considerable extent occupied throughout the day, though the proceedings were not of a nature to warrant the interest taken in them by the people in attendance. hL-. Crookshank, deputy-amsistant commissary-general, reminded the Board that he had agppied at their last meeting to be allowed to put certain questions in reference to a, statement made by Lord Lucan as to his having placed him (Mr. Crookshank) under arrest. As both Lord Lacan and 3 Flder were now in attendance he wished, with the permission of the Board, to ask the latter gentlema a few questions. Mr. Comnmissary-General Filder being called, stated, in reply to questions put by Mr. Crookshank, that he had a perfect recoelection of the circumstances attending the arrest of that officer. He had submitted the explanations forwarded to him by Mr. Crookshank to Lord Raglan, but he never received any official reply. He told Ar. Crook. shank at the time that he had left the matter in Lord Raglan's hands, and that he could do nothing more in reference to it. He submitted a demand 6f Mr. Crookshank to Lord Raglan for inquiry and reparation, but without any result. To a second application of that kind his Lordship said it was not expedient under the circumstances to cause any inquiry to be made. If Lord Raglan had disapproved Mr. Crookshanl's conduct it would have been notified to him (Mr. Filder). but he had never received such a notification, nor did his Lordship ever expressto him any dissatisfaction at the conduct of that gentleman. It was impossible for him (Mr. Filder) to do anything in the matter after Lord Raglan had said that it would be inexpedient to make inquiry. He admitted that Mr. Crookshank had made repeated representations to him as to the manner and language of Lord Lucan. Lord Lucan said he was in total ignorance of everything that passed between Mr. Crookshank and his chief, Mr. Filder, and he was also in total ignorance of aUl that had passed between Mr. .ilderand LordRaglan. He never had any verbal communication with Lord Raglan on the subject. All he knew was that on the 29th of September he wrote to the Qnartermaster-General, complaining of the conduct of Mr. Crookahankl, and stating that he had placed him under arrest for disobedience cf orders and for not supplying the cavalry -with forage. Mr. Crookshank was put under arrest on the 29th of September. He (Lord Lucan) had no verbal communication with Lord Raglan on the subject, but he received a letter from the Adjutant-General dated the 11th of October, returning hin the papers relating to lar. Crookshankls arrest, with Lord Raglan's observations on the case in the margin, and directing that he shoid be released from arrest. The JuDGx-ADvocATr inquired if Lord Lucan hadthe papr with him, LordaLucan said he had not, for the reason that the Adjutant-General, in his letter enclosing the papers, had requested that they migght be returned to Lord Raglan, and that was done. Mr. Crookshank explained that his object was to show that Lord Raglan had never expressed any disapprobation of his conduct, and that he repeatedly asked for a public trial and reparation for having been placed under arrest, but had been refused both. ColonelTulloch (who appeared to be labouring under indisposition) expressed a wish to make a brief explanation as to the alleged suppression by him of a portion of the evidence of Colonel Wetheralt, of whEich that gentleman comeplnaied during his examination before the Board on Friday lat Colonel Wetherall had made on the margiof the rough draught of his evidenco taken before the commissioners in the Crimea a memorandum as to the non-issue of blankets, which he (Colonel Tulloch) afterwards struck out with his pen, believing that it had no direct reference to the subject-matter of the examination. That he (Colonel Tulloch) could not have intended to suppress anything in Colonel Wetheral3's evidence was manifest from the fact that he returned the draught, with the memorandum so struck out with his pen, but not, he vdshed the Board to bear in mind, wholly obliterated or erased, to Colonel Gordon, as the head of the department to which Colonel Wetherall belonged, in order that he might submit it to Colonel Wetherall with that amendment. He also sent it to Colonel Gordon because Colonel Gordon's own evidence was incorporated withithat of ColonelWetherall. ColonelWetherallhad thus an opportunity of further correcting his own evidence if he pleased. He (Colonel Tulloch) denied that he had erased any part of the deposition; aUlthat he had done was to put his pen through a memorandum made by Colonel Wetherall vhich did not appear to him to relate to the substance of the deposition. He tendered the draught notes to the Board to show that the fact was as he represented it to be; and he added that the notes, after that memorandum had been strueck out, were sent by him to Colonel Gordon, who it was assumed would transmit them to Colonel Wetherall, and that they were returned to him (Colonel Tulloch) by Colonel Gordon without any alteration having -been made in the deposition of Colonel WVetherahl, and so they appeared in the commissioners' report of the evidence. In reply to Sir R. .Aireyt Colonel Tnlloch stated he had no doubt that the memorandum in question was struck out by him with the knowledge of Sir J. M'NeilL When the denosition was sent to Colonel Gordon to be signed by him, ana then forwarded to Colonel Wetherall for the same purpose, he (Colonel Tulloch) did not know that the latter officer had left the Crimea; and what he complained of was that Colonel Gordon altered his own evidence just as he thought proper, but did not send the deposition to Colonel Wetherall, as he (Colonel Tulloch) expected he would have done, and he could not but assume, when the deposition came back to him, that it was all right. Sir R. Airey read a part of the evidence taken before the Chelsea Commissioners on a preceding day, fromi hich it appeared that Colonel Tulloch had stated, in reply to quLestions put bybim (Sir R. Airey), that every word taken by the commissioners in the Crimea was published in their report -without condensation, and precisely as it had been tak-en down in the presence of the various officers, and was afterwards corrected and signed by them. He then asked Colonel Tulloch why he had altered the evidence of Colonel WetheralL Colonel Tulloch replied that he couid not admit that he had " altered" Colonel Wetherall's evidence; but, if he bad done so, the reason was that the number of watch-coats stated to have been issued in the evidence was wholly at variance with the number given in the return from the Quartermaster-General's Department. Colonel Wetherall, Assistant Quartermaster-General, was then recalled by Sir H. Aircy, and resumed the evidence began by him on Friday, but interrupted by the rising of the Board. He said, in reply to Sir Richard, that the evidence given as his in the blue-book did not contain all the evidence given by him before the commissioners in the Crimea. He had not 'anctioned the omission of the memorandum made byhim in the margm of his deposition which had been crossed out by Colonel Tulloch. He gave evidence to thecominissioners relative to the watch-coats of the nature contained in the part of his deposition which had been so crossed out. Lookmg at the manuscript deposition in Colonel Tulloch's handwriting, and comparing it with tho printed report of his (witness's) evidence in the blue-book, the difference in the latter was the total suppression of the paragraph in reference to the alleged non-issue of watch-coats. He certairly considered the omitted parts as important, and he did not sanction their omission. The troops actually drew 1,061 watch-coats in the mionth of December, instead of 456, as had been stated by Colonel Tulloch. One of the errors into which the commissioners appeared to have fallen was the confounding the Commissariat Department with that of the Adjutant-General. The latter had nothing to do with the issele of clothing, its only province being to see to its app.^,rtionment. The commissioners ad severely animadverted on the Quartermaster-Generals Department an reference to the subject of the watch-coats, but had never taken the trouble to analve their ownreturns on which they had formed their concIusions. On the 31st of May, or the Ist of June, immediately after his examination before the commissioners, he left the Crimea to join the Turkish Contingent, the head-quarters of which w ere then about 12 miles from Constantinople. The aommissioners were at Constantinople durnn par of the time he was with the Contingent, and could nave had no difficulty in communicating with him there. At page 26 of the commissioners'report it was stated, nrespecttorugs,that "it didnot appr to have occurred to anyone that the rugs were availa b as a substittteforblankets. They continueatoarxiveby different vessels during the muonth of January till the number amounted to 25,0D0; but while the men were stated to have suffered severely for want of sufficient covering, the return of clothing received and issued from the Quartermaster-Generals store showed that the troops were supplied with only 800 out of 24,000." If the rugs had arrived in greater number than blankets, or prior to the blankets, these remarks might have been justified; but the facts werebtotally different, and there was no necessity to substitute rugs for blankets. The only period when the men suffered from the want of blankets was m the early par of November, and the first arrival of rugs was not until the 21st of November. From that period forward no wnt o blankets was felt, and it -&as not necessary to use rugs as a substitute. The 25,000 rugs were not received in store until the last day in January, and the commissioners admitted that after the 15th of January there was no necessity to issue any of thoso articles, because the troops had more than enough. The commissioners also stated in their report, that "on the 24th and 27th of December two vessels arrived at Balakllava, bringing 25,000 blankets, a number which was more than sufficient to have given a third blanket to every man." But there was no necessity for giving a, third blanket, because on the 8th of January a ship had arrived with buffalo robes and sheepskin coats, which began to be issued to the troops on the 9th of January. Besides, tho troops were unable to carry up the warm clothing issued to them at that time, and therefore it would have been absurd to have issued a third blank-et. The commissioners also complained that the pailasse sacks had not been issued to protect the troops from the moisture of the ground. Those pailLssesw ere simply cotton-bags, intended to be filled with hay or straw, but there was no hay or straw available for that purpose, and even if tho paillasses had been fdled the ground was so wet that they would have been of no service. Up to the 15th of January 30,183 blankets had been received into store, 'while orders had been issued for 34,236, of -which the inconsiderable part that had boen received by the troops proved that they could not carry up to the front all that they had received orders for. It was also said bythe commissioners that the paiUlasses might have been filled with wool ; but he was unable to see the use of introducing into Balakliava three or four ships laden with wool when the harbour was already crowded with shipping, and there was tlhe greatest possible difficulty in getting provision., amimunition, and forage up to the camp. Agan, it was never notified to the Quartermaster-General's Department tha;t a larger number of greatCoats than 10,234 -wove to be sert from England, which would not have vTen. half a coat amrau to an, army of 25,000 in the Sel, 'me whole number of 37,000 stated by the cormmissioners to have bee sent out never reached their destination until the 6th of. March, and 25,000 of that n-umber arrived at Balva between the 9th of January and that period, and after the 9th of January it was not necessary to issue great coats, for they had issued sheepskhn coats to every mnan m the &rmy. The total number of watchcoats received into' the Crimea up to the 15th of January was 3,375, and up to the 4th of January 3,612 had7 been ordered to be issued to the men, and 2,253 were actulay receieled by theem, so that the nunoer not supplied amounted to about 1 300, instead of 2,000, as stated by the comis3sioners. Italso appeared by their report that therehaId been a slow sapply of boots, and in one part of it they seemed to exonerate the Qoartermaster-General for not supplying them, while in another part they attached blamne to his department in that respect. No general orders had bean issued by the Qaarrermaster-General, stating that boots might bh obtained, and all the soldiers had to do was to go down to B3laklava for them. (A laugh.) T'he witness stated at some length the measures taken from time to time to acquaint the commanding officers of regiments as to the different articles received into store, and the steps taken to distribute the.n Sir 1. Airey hoped the board had collected from the statement of Colonel Wetherali that no restriction had been imposed upon the issue of sapplies, so far as the Quartermaster-Genaeral's DeDarucent was concerned, and that they clearly understood that he -was not responsible for the issue or conveyance of the supplies, but olyr for the orders authorizng them to be issued. Colonel Wetherall, in reply to Colonel Tulloch, compl.aed that the latter had in his report alvays mado use of the term "issue" when speaking of the QuartermasterGeneral'sD)epartment. lie hadthought an officer of Colonel TuLoch's standing woulcd have known that the Quartermaster-General was not in any way a storeleeper or ani issuer. The troops were ordered to receive blankets, for instance, and the not getting them depended on them-selves. Colonel Tulloch admitted there had been a confusion or terms by using the word " issued" for "apportioned." Colonel Wetherall, in answer to Colon Tulboch, said, he d:d not leave the Crimea on the morning after his original examination before the commissioners, but two or three days afterwards. He never knew untU that day (yesterday) that his evidence had been sent to Colonel Gordon. Colonel Gordon never communicated with him for the purpose of obtaining his signature to the deposition, or any ex,pressior of his approval of it - nor did Colonel Gordon intimate to him in anyway that he had received it. He would not admit that sending his evidence to Colonel Gordon was in any way eguivalent to sendino it to hinself. He had then left the Crunea, aud Colonel Gordon had no communication -with him whatever. The Board then adjourned for a short interval, and on. reassembing, Colonel Tulloch not having returned, The JuDSGE-ADVOCATE asked if he had retired fromthe court? Dr. Balfour, a medical gentleman, stated that Colonel Tulloch had been obliged to retire from illness, from which. he had been saffering aU the morning and a great Dart of the preceding day. At half-past lU o'clock on Sunday night he was very unwell, and he (Dr. Balfour) attended kim. Duringthe sitting of the Court thatmorning (Monday) he had been almost wholly unable to apply his mind to the. proceedings, and it was mnuch against his (Dr. Balfour's) wvishes that he had attended the Board that day. Colonel Wetherall stated, in answer to the JudgeAdvocate, that as soon as the extra stores arrived from time to time notice was seutto the different regiiments, and the stores were apportioned. He contended it iwas nowhere. alleged that there was any delay in the issuing of requisitions for those storea; the delay vas in drawing them. Mr. Filder was recalled, at the instance of Sir Richard Airey and stated in some detail the extreme difficulty he experienced from time to time in procurng artificers ani timber for the construction of storihouses aud magazines at Balaldava, besides the great want of space there was for) such! conveniences. Almost all the artificers that could be got in Constantinople were Greeks, and they were prohibited from entering Balaklava. lie importead about 1,00D artLficers from Trehizonde and other places, but it was lamentable to see the way in which they died off in great numbers. Besides, his department for some time wvas much inconvenienced bythestateofthe sea transport service, which had been seriously diminished by the storm of the 14th of lNovember. There was anot her difficulty. Before that, theyhad been in the habit of employing Austrian ships, but after the beginning of December, when the Austrian negotiations were broken off, every obstacle was put in the way of their having recourse to Austrian vessels. Colonel M'Kenzie was next called by Sir Richard Airey. He said he was Assistant-Quartermaster-General attached to head-quarters, and stationed at Balaklava, where he had as his deputy-assistant-quartermaster a most able officer. He went to Balaldava on the 6th of December, 1854, and remained until the end of January. His chief duties were to see tothe embarcation of the sick and the disembarcation of troops on their arrival in the harbour. He had also particular instractions given him by Sir Richard Aireys to the supply of warm clothing, and he could safely say that during the whole time be was at Balaklava no re- uisition that w.as made to him remained unanswered. Dnuring the tvo months of December and January 10,365 men arrived at Balaldava, and were landed by his instrmmentalty, and sent off to the front completely equipped; and 6,935 sick and wounded ca.me down from the front, and wereembarkedby him, and before embarcation were supplied with everything they wanted in the shape of warm clothing. The witness then entered into some details to show how completely and incessantly the crews of the transports were employed while they remained at Balaklava, in, among- other things, assisting to embark the sick and wounded, Procnring 'waterfor the ships in the harbour, a work of great ifficulty, constructing wharfs, and a convalescent stable for the horses of the Royal Artillery. He also bore testimony to the frequency of Sir Richard Airey's visits to Balaklava, which were made almost every day in the week, in all states of the weather, and sometimes after dark. The JUDGE-ADVOCATE read to the witness the answer of 3fr.Macdonald to a question askled him beforethe Sebastopol Committee, in which that gentleman stated that " the sick and wounded often arrived at Constantinople from the Crimea without their shoes. When they had shoes, they were either like those which one sometimes sees on the feet of beggars inthis country, or they were sometimes without shoes at all, aud their shirts had either been cast away inltter dis"st attheir filthness, or torn in shreds, or covered wfith dirt, and they werer sw,arming with vermin. Their trouLsers were all torn about the legs and in every direction ; their coats were ragged where they retained thena and sometimes they came down vithout coats at al, and sometimes withont greatcoats. Some men who appeared in greatcoats were those of their comrades who had died in the way down." He asked witness if that statement was bo-na out by his observation ? Colenel ldenzie replied, it certainly was not. He had never seen any of the sick and wounded come down fiom the camp for embarcation in that weretched state after he wvent to Balalkava, which was on the Cth of December. He never saw the rnen come down from the front without coats but he had seen their coats and other parts of their clothing very much torn. Sir M. Airey said, he was sorry to state that the accounut given by M1r. Macdonald was at one period pretty accurate, the clothes of the troops being in mnany instances entirely worn out, and the clothing of the army in general exceedingly deficient. There was no means whatever of procuring a fresh supply of clothing writhout sending homce for it. In reply to the JUDGE-ADVOCATE Sir R. tirey said U. lhad a few more witnesses to ex;amine, and TChe Boardadjonrned at 4 o'clock; until this day atll.
NAvAT AiD MILIAXy BniLE Soc=.-This society held its 76th annual meeting yesterday af tornoon, at M'illis's room, under the presidency of Admiral Vernon Harcourt, who filled the chair in the absence of the Mar. quis of Cholmondeley. In opening the proceedings the chairman alluded to the increasing interest manifested by the public in behalf of seamen, as displayed in the multiplication of sailors' homes and other simiLar institutions. The Naval and Military Bible Society, he said, had been the instrument of distributing Bibles and Testaments to anl the regiments and ships during the late war, and evidence was not wanting that the blessing of God. had rested on its exertions. Peace had its trials and temptations as well as 'war; and the efforts of Christians to provide spiritual instnrction for soldiers and sailors should not be relaxed now that 'warfare bad ceased. The gallant admiral then stated that he went to the late review at Spithead in one of the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamships, to distribute tracts among sailors, -who received them with the utmost 'villin"rnesg, and he incidentally contrasted the excellence of t&e Peninsulm Companfys arrangements 'with those of the Admiralty. The report, 'which was read by thel secretary, stated, that during the past year 27 of 11cr IIMajesty's ships and 100 ganboats had been suppwied 'with Bibles and Testaments, 5,524 copies having been distributed among the crews. The British army had been supplied with 4,612 Bibles and Testaments; in addition to which 10,490 pocket Testaments, granted by the British and Foreign -Bible Society, bad been given to soldiers proceeding to the seat of war, and to those at the camp at Aldershott. 'Upwards of 3,000 Bibles and Testaments had also been fur. nished to the Militia. A considerable number had bee-n sold at reduced prices to merchant seamen in London, Liverp eol, and other ports, to the inmates of naval and militay hospitals at honie and abroad, of barrack rooms, &c. The total circulation for the year was 42,657. The receipts amounted to 2,563L, and the expenditure to 2,5591. Admiral Eiarcourt hlaving resigned the chair to Captain F. 1taudeo, the various speakers successively addressed the meeting and advocated the objects of the society. fAdvertisement.}A very interesting and lengthened sketch of the Life and I,ahoms of The late Dr.Xittow iscontained in the May numzber of the 'Ecectc Review." The other articlea in tbic old'e,tlihhd and well-known magazine aro a roview of Tabesrt "Fmo Arts of the Middle Agmis. of Uilman's "Utformers before hbe reformation," of Uorsford's " Voloe from the West Indies," aid of flcdd's 'Food of Londin." The lleview of the AMonth suppiUeg a retrospect of the most important occurrencos of the mouth, and is road with rcat interest. Current Literature is carefully examinod in the ief Yotices of wow Books. l'iico,Is. 6k. monthly.-ILondou, "'Wara aed OD. [Advertisement.'-Toln Cassell ana his New and Great Foucational Umdertaking-John Casll, without solicitin the aid of Goverment, or even the voluntary contributions of the nenvole4t. proposes to placo within the reach of the huamblest individuals and these vhose educationhasbheenueglec'edthe meaus of zelt-instraction and self-culture. With this wiev hc vnU commence the i, inreei nubers,ldach, of an entirely new educational work, under the title of "ohn Casell's Educational Course." Nto. I i3 now readyr The plan which John CaselU has marked out includes-list, tho production of an educational course unparalleled for cheapnfles each weekly number to contain =2 s demy octave; 2d, the poblication of eahbrean b ch seratepana dIsBnct, so as to trm complete works at the conclu.ion of the course. Persons of limitodincomew wll thus be able, for a few shillincS, Sub5ibed by Pld weekly, to peaces & useful educational Dbrar,: 3d., the rendering of education atractive. The fircmonthlyypart, which will bo ready May 31, price 7d. wil creste in aU who purchase and dy it, both z-prose and p1eAsure-surprise at the great extent of scientifiC knoDWed5e that maly be obtainedwith comparatlel little effort, and pleasuro At findfg ih how Try interesting andpopularsnanner knowledgc may be Oo!mmulaicated. The oOure wil commence with "cSdeno opularly Uxplained, erabrae'mg 4,000 questions on 'arios branches of ascence. writh plain and intelligible anewersand iin 'rstivedinpamiL ParcZ headD at sChools, and all enraged in the instruction of youra area eanetl requested inobtanthef Ort ,oulhly prt or"JohnCselra Educational Courae"asa specimen. The work wi;n no doubpbb reeivedwith fsvourby allclases tof the cocmmifty, 3nd italfudywUil crta'ny pron e highly advantegeOlF "John (asoell's P)Icatioea Chuese" can ho olr3ed of any bonk55llOr.-3iondo:n, %; int5 auu 0, 51 and lS,P1atcrnoctcr-cow.
H003E OF COMMONS, Mosday, May 5. The Leeds Improvement Acts Amendment Bill and the Leeds Water Bill were read a third time and passed. Petitions were presented by General Areuthnott, from the Presbytery of Fordown, against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) BUl; hy Sir G. BERKELEY, from the mayor, aldermec, and burgesses of the borough of Devonport, for a repeal or reduction of the dnty on fire insurances; by lieutenant-Colonel Adair, from the mayor and council of Cambridge, against the Wills and Administrations Bill; by Mi-. Dunlop, from Greenock, for the regulation of unlicensed brokers; by Mr. Hadfield, from Yorkshire, forthe total abolition of church-rates; by Mr. 1. Davies, from the parishioners of Uanrhystid and IJanddeinol, in the county of Cardigan, against the removal of St. David's College from Jjampeter to Brecknock; by Mr. G.Dvscax, fiom the police commissioners of Dundee, praying for certain alterations inthe N"uisanccsEemovatandPoIiceofTowns(ScotIand) Bill; hy Sir- S. Northcote, from ironmasters of South Staffordshire, ir. favour of the local Dues on Shipping Bill; by Mr. JE. Bale, from March, Cambridgeshire, against the Agricultural Statistic Bill; by Mr. Baxter, from the United Presbytarian congregation of Carnoustie, for the discontinuance of all grants of public money for ecclesiastical purposes in Ireland ; by Mr. Sandars, from the board of gnardiansat Wakefield, against the Vaccination Bill;by Dr. Michi-XL, from Brighton, London, Malvern, and elsewhere, to the same effect; by Mr. Mackie, from the Kirk Session of Pcnninghani, in the county of Wigtown, against the ParocliUl Schools (Scotland) Bill; by Mr. Kershaw, from the board of guardians of the union of Stockport, in favour of the Agricultural Statistics Bill; also, against the Vaccination BUI; and against the Eemoval of Poor (Scotland and Ireland) BUls: by Mr. Green AIL, from Warrington, against the Scotch and Irish Pauper Eemoval Bill; by Sir. A. Smith, from the bailiff and inhabitants of the town and vicinity of Hemel - Hempstead, in the county of Hertford, for the repeal of tho Maynocth Endowment Act j by Mr. Mundy, from the clergy of thermal deanery oi Stanton, in Derbyshire, Ashbourn, Duffield, Norbury, Breaston, Ticknall, Pcntrick, Snelstoa, Bradley, and Mappleton, against the abolition of church-rates witnout equivalent; by Sir. Blackburn, from tte Presbytery of Stirling*, and other places, against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; and from the Presbytery of Dnnbarton, against the Abjuration Oath Bill; by Mr. HORSyALL, from the board of guardians of West Derby, Lancashire, for a modification of the Vaccination BUl, and against the Poor Eemoval Bill; by Sir J. Duckworth, from the clergy of Exeter, from the rategiyers of Faringdon, and from the ratepayers of emyoch, all against the abolition of church-rates ; hy Hr. Butler, from the guardians of the poor of the hamlet of MUe-end Old-town, against the Bill to Amend the laws fbr ihe Eemoval of Scotch and Irish Paupers; by Lord ?Goderich, from the Huddersfield Chamber of Commerce, in favour of the Local Dues on Shipping Bill; and from the members of the British Empire Mutual Fire Assurance Company, against the fire insurance-tax; by Mr. Headlam, from the guardians of the poor of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, against the Irish and Scotch Pauper Eemoval Bill; by Mr. Masteehan, from the Company of Glaziers and the freemen inhabitants of the ward of Portsoken, against the BUl for the Eeform of the Corporation of the City of London; by Mr. G. Dundas, from the Commissioners of Supply in ths county of Linlithgow, against the Lord-Advocate's Education Bill; in favour of the Reformatory Schools Bill; and agairjst the Nuisances Eemoval Bill; by Mr. Cbaueurd, from Ayr, in favour of the Parochial Schools (Scotland) BUI; by Mr. Bj^SKES, from many of the clergy of Pimperne, in the diocess of Salisbury, in favour of the Tithe KentCharge Commutation BiU; by Mr. Pellatt, from the dealers and consumers of hay and straw in the metropolis, praying for an investigation into the gross frauds in the hay and-straw trade; by ilr. Black, from tho parochial board of the cityof Edinburgh, against the bill for tte removal of paupers bom in Scotland and Ireland; by Sir G. Strickland, from Preston, in favour of arbitration on the fencing of machinery in mills; by Mr. G. Langton, from Buckland St. Mary and Sampford, Arundel, in the county of limerick, against ihe abolition] of church-rates; by Colonel Cauufield, from the board of guardians ofthe Armagh Union, agains the bill to amend the liws for the removal of the poor; by Mr. J. C. EWART, from the Financial Eeform Association, Iiverpool, denouncing the extravagant terms of tte purchases of the pensions of the Dnke of Grafton, and ofthe representatives of the Duke of Schomberg, made by Ministers, and of the hardship inflicted on the country by so unjust a tax; by the Earl of DALKEITH, from the minister and elders of St. James's, Glasgow, Newbum, Fife, Kirk Session of St. Andrew's; and the minister and elders of the Presbytery of Dumfries, the Commissioners of Supply ofthe counties of Lanark, Haddington, and Dumfries ; from the kirk session of Iiberton, the Presbyteries of Edinburgh and HamUton, and the parishioners of Dalziel, against the parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; by Mr. H. Berkeley, from the governor, deputy-governor, assistants, and guardians of the corporation of the poorof Bristol, under their seal, complaining thai the bill called the Scotch and Irish Pauper Eemoval Bill will bring useless trouble and expmseonthe city cf Bristol and other cities similarly sitnate, and praying the House that snch bill may not pass into a law; and by Lord HADDO, from the Presbytery of Ellon, against the Parochial Schools Bill. POSTAL COMMUNICATION IN THE COUNTY OF COEK. In reply to Lord BERNARD, Sir. WILSON said that the Cork and Bandon BaUway was inapplicable to the nse of the postal service, in consequence of tte high rate of remuneration which that raUway conpany reqnired. CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY BUl. In reply to Mr. Heywood, Jfr. BOUVERIE said that he proposed to apply to the noble lord at the head of the Government to fix an early -day after Whitsuntide for the consideration of this measure. NIGHT COFFEEHOUSES. Mr. BRADY wished to ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if he intended introducing any measure in accordance with the recommendation of that part of the report of the committee (which sat in 1853) " to examine into the system under which publichouses, hotels, ke., were regulated" which related to night coffeeshops, with tho view to their being for the future closed at proper and stated hours, manyof which were nowopen through the night as harbours of refuge for abandoned characters of both sexes? Sir G. GREY said, that report had referred to a variety of matters, among which was the subject referred to by the hon. gentleman. In order to carry out the recommendations containedin that report, itwould be necessary to obtain an act of Parliament and as yet no measure for the purpose had been prepared. DOLLY-SHOPS AND LEAYING-HOUSES. Mr. BEADY wished to know if the attention of the Secretary to tho Treasury had been called to a report of what had been stated hy SirR. Carden in the police-court over which he presided. The hon. gentleman had, on a previoas occasion, denied that Sir E. Carden had made a communication to the Government upon the subject of certain books which he had detained belonging to the keeper of one of those leaving-shops, and since that denial SirE. Carden had again reiterated his statement. Mr. WILSON said that the answer which he had given cu _ a previous occasion was founded npon information whichhe had received from the solicitor to the stamp, who at the time was not aware that Sir E. Carden had sent an officer with a communication upon the subject. He had, however, since learnt that snch a communication had been made. BIOT8 IN DEMERARA. Sir. MEAGHER wished to ask the Secretary of State for the Colonial Department if there was any foundation for reports made in public prints, that in consequence of fanatical harangues made in the streets of Georgetown, Demerara, by a stranger from another country, named Orr, riots and disturbances had taken place, and the persons and properties of peaceable inhabitantsbeen injured ; and if so, whether any steps had been taken to prevent a recurrence of such scenes? Mr. LABOUCHERE was sorry to say that it was quite tme that outrages of a most serious character had taken place, committed by the lower class of the coloured population upon the persons and property of a very valuable class of the community, the Portuguese emigrants. Those disturbances originated in the harangues of a person named Oir against tte Koman Catholic religion, but the real cause of them was the jealous-,- entertained by the lower class of the colourod_ population against the emigrants, because they thought their patience and industry had got the greater partof the retaU business of the colony in their hands. He was happy to say that those disturbances had been suppressed, and that the governor in councU had been considering measures for preventing a recurrence of them. He was also happy to be able to state that a French and Dutch vessel of war rendered useful assistance in repressing the disturbances. RETURN OF TROOPS FROM THE CRIMEA In reply to Captain Scoeell, Sir C.WOOD said that Wo or three ships of W3r had been ordered to the Black Sea for the purpose of bringing home troops and stores, but it was not intended generaUy to employships of war for that purpose. COMPENSATION FOR LOSS OF KIT. Captain SCOBELL wished to ask the Under-Secretary for War whether the soldiers who, without blame on their parts, lo3t their kits at the time of landing in the Crimea, or at any subsequent period, had been, or would be, allowed compensation for the same ? _ Mr. PEEL said that soldiers were entitled to compensation for loss of kit if no blame attached to them for the less. THE WHITSUNTIDE RECESS. Sir J. TROLLOPE said that the noble lord at the head of the Government had given notice tbat on Friday next he would move that the House at its rising adjourn tUl the foUowing Friday. It would, he thought, be more satisfactory to the House if the re :ess were extended to the foUowing Monday. (Loud cries of " Hear, hear.") Lord PALMERSTON thought that it would be desirable not to lose Friday ; tho Government, however, were in the hands of the House, and if out-voted up-n the point they would be compelled to submit. (" Hear, hear," and laughter.) t t l i p t h l G t fc c h h G t H m d c a m n o f i p p s f B i a a w t l c t t b t h n r i i w w t n c w u t s t a l THE CENTRAL AMERICAN QUESTION. . Sir E.B. LYTTON had already given notice of a motion with respect to the correspondence recently laid beforethe House connected with CentralAmerica. Before, however, ! -hemovedtheresolutiononthissubjectwhichwasatpresent on the paper, he would ask the noble lord at the head of the G^venmient first, whether any answer had been received to theProposal of arbitration submitted to the Government of theXted States; and, secondly, if that answer had not the noble lord whether he wonld go on with his motion oa Friday or, in order to give greater time for the reply of tte United States' Government, -postpone the discussion until after Whitsuntide. lord PALMEESTON.-Her Majesty's Government have not yet received any reply to the proposal made to the United States' Government, that the questions connected with Central America should be referred to arbitration, though I should hope that an answer will very shortly be received, either consenting or giving reasons for declining that proposal. Of course, iti3 not for me to presume to throw ont any suggestions in order to influence hon. membeis in the performance of their Parliamentary duty, bnt still, asthe hon. baronet has had the goodness to submit his views, I am bound to say that I think, with a view to national interests in a qnestion pending between this countiy and the Government of another country, that while a proposition, such as that of referring the dispute to arbitration is yet unanswered, those national interests will be best consulted if this House abstains from entering into a discussion of a question of this delicate nature until the answer of the United States' Government one way or the other has been received. If, therefore, the hon. baronet, in the exercise of his discretion, should postpone his motion to a later period after the holydays, I confess, I think he would be exercising a sound judgment in the matter. (Cheers.) Sir E. B. LYTTON.-After the observations ofthe noble lord, I shall postpone my motion until after the Whitsuntide holydays, but I earnestly hope that no very great delay will take place in the discussion of the question. THE GRAIN TRADE XN THE BLACK SEA Mr. WISE asked the First Lord of the Treasury whether there was any prospect of such a revision of the tariff, appended to the commercial treaty with Turkey of the 16th ef August, 1838, as might lead to the aboUtion of the duty of 12 per cent, on grain and pulse exported from Turkey to this country; arid what was the existing position of the British merchants with reference to the exportation of grain from the principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia? Lord PALMERSTON.-There was concluded between this country and Turkey in 1S3S a convention regulating the duties of export and import in Turkey. With regard to export, the ancient duty of 3 per cent, was confirmed and continued. Before that there had been  great number of fluctuating and oppressive internal duties levied upon. Turkish produce bought by British subjects for exportation -duties varying in amount and liable to arbitrary fluctuation. Thoso rates were commuted at that time for a fixed duty of 9 per cent., which, added to the fixed duty of 3 per cent., made a total of 12 per cent. ; but, instead of leaving that export duty of 9 per cent, to be levied ad valorem npon the fluctuating value of the commodity either at tte port of embarcation or tho placo of purchase, it was agreed that a fixed tariff should be established declaring for seven years the value of each commodity, upon whioh value the 9 per cent, was to be levied. This tariff has been revised from time to time, and at the present moment the two Governments might, by the existing agreement, again revise it; but it has not been thought expedient to enter nto that revision while prices were artificially raised by a state of war. (Hear.) Thehon. member is too weU informed on these snbjects to render it necessary for me to point out to him the circumstances which would not render hat revision at the present moment particularly desirable. Hear.) With regard to the Danubian provinces, they reguate tteir own Customs' duties, and I beUeve at present there s no other duty levied npoa the export of grain from those provinces except the duty of 3 per cent. The Turkish ariff does not apply tothe Danubian provinces. Mr. ROEBUCK was induced, by certain reports which had obtained circulation on the subject, to ask the noble ord if the Turkish Government ever oflered to Her Majesty's Government to do away with the internal duties npon the ransport of goods? Lord PALMEESTON was not aware that any offer had fceen made by tho Turkish Government on the subject, exept one for the commutation established by the treaty he had mentioned. THE ADJOURNMENT. Sir J. TROLLOPE, seeing that the course taken by the hon. baronet near him left Priday next in the hands of the Government, asked the noble lord for an exphcit answer as o whether he wonld not accede to the adjournment of the House from Friday till Monday week? (Cheers.) Lord PALMERSTON was understood to say, that if hon. members wished to adjourn nntil the Monday they must divide the House on the subject. BUSINESS FOE FRIDAY. Jlr. HENLEY asked what business, under the altered ircumstances of the case, wonld be taken on Friday next ? Sir G. GREY, said the PoUce Bill would be taken first, nd after that, if there was time, the Lord-Advocate would move tho second reading of the Scotch Education Bill. Mr. M. GIBSON asked the noble lord whether he might ot properly pnt in a claim to proceed with the Abjuration f Oaths BiU on Friday evening 1 (Cheers.) Sir W. CLAY hoped he might be allowed to say a word or the Church-rates Bill (Tanghter)---a measure which nterested a large portion of the pubUc, and the farther rogress of which was very desirable. Lord PALMERSTON said, that Friday was already occuied by the Home Secretary with the PoUce Bill, but he hould certainly endeavour to give a day to his right hon. riend (Mr. M. Gibson) for the Abjuration of Oaths Bill; this shonld be his first engagement, REDUCTION OF MILITARY FORCES. Lord E. GEOSVENOE asked whether the Government ntended to disband the militia and effect reductions in the rmy gradually, so as not to throw at once upon the country vast amount of unemployed labour ? Lord PALMERSTON said, of course the Government would endeavour to arrange those matters in the manner hat would be the most convenient to the community at arge. It must, however, be remembered that the militia ould not be kept embodied for any considerable time after he conclusion of peace, and it was desirable, in consideraion of the wants of agriculture, that it shonld be disemodied at a time when the men could at once fall back upon heir old employments in their respective counties. (Hear, ear.) As to the army, that portion of it now abroad would ot return yet for several months, and, when it did, would eturn in detachments, so that there would be no difficulty n effecting reductions which might be considered advisable n any manner which should be deemed most convenient. THE AFFAIRS OF GREECE. Mr. JAMES M'GREGORgave notice that on Friday he would make some observations npon the state of Greece and would put a question to the Government upon that snbject. THE ESTIMATES. Sir D. L. EVANS asked when the war, or rather, as hey might now be caUed, the peace estimates would be laid npon the table ? He hoped they would be produced in suffiient time to enable members to consider them. Lord PALMERSTON repUed, that the army estimates were now printed, and the navy estimates would be placed upon the table to-morrow (this day). CHURCH-RATES. Sir W. CLAY said, his Church-rate Bill stood so low on he list that he had no chance of bringina it on to-night; he hould, therefore, at once postpone it, but, at the same ime, he begged to give notice that he should bring it on on an early day, and would be much disappointed if the noble ord at the head of the Government did not assist him in doing so. THE RUSSO-DANUBIAN FORTRESSES. Colonel DUNNE asked the noble lord the First Lord of the Treasury, whether the forts of JsmaU and Novo Kilia were to be rased before being given np by Russia? Lord PALMERSTON.-Ismail and Novo KUia wiU be handed over to the state they now are in. THE THANKSGIVING SERMON. Lord PALMEESTON rose to submit a proposition which he beUeved to be unanimously adopted. It was, that the thanks of the House he given to the Rev. T. Gamier, who had preached the sermon before the House on the previous day. All who had the advantage of hearing that admirable sermon would appreciate the good judgment, good taste, and good feeling by which it was distinguished, and would, he was sure, heartily concur in the proposal he now made. Hear.) Mr. DISRAELI seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. CIVIL SERVICE ESTIMATES. Lord J. RUSSELL thought it wouldbe convenient forthe House to be informed by Her Majesty's Government whether, when supply was taken, it was intended to go on with the civil service estimates, or to take the remaining army and navy estimates first ? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, it was proposed to take the civil service estimates according to the order in which they stood on Friday week. THE TREATY OF PEACE. Upon the order of the day for the consideration of the Treaty of Peace being read, Mr. E. DENISON rose to propose that the thanks of the House be returned to Her Majesty for her gracions communication to the Hoase upon the subject of the treaty of peace concluded in Paris on the 30th of March. In craving the indulgence of the House for his performance of the task, he would undertake to compress as much as possible the observations he should have to make, and also would endeavour to avoid aU topics calculated to excite unnecessary discussion, being anxious to obtain the largest possible amount of concurrence upon the occasion. But two short years had passed-however replete those years might havo been with important events-since Her Majesty communicated the causes which led to tho outbreak of the war. At that timo how uncertain did the future appear to be! When the first detachment of Guards left England how various had been the speculations of men. Some thought we had engaged in a war of which the youngest man then alive might not witness the termination ; others said we were - about to engage in a land contest with a Power posseting 1,200,()TO trained solders, imd that om-operations would be confined to the forniahon of an entrenched camp forthe *. of Constantmople m the last extremity. What would have been thonght of any persou who then should ^~ predicted that our army was destined  conjunction with the French army, to throw itself upon the shores of the TTy> to engage that redoubtable foe u his chosen en- great fortress should fall into our hands,together with 3,800 pieces of cannon, and that that great fleet, the terror of the East, should sink beneath the waves, what shonld we have thought ? If, in addition to those events in the South, th'iy had been told that onr army shonld take that fortress which represented the power of Sebastopol in the North, that we should sweep those seas and carry terror to the very walls of St. Petersburg, and then, at the conclusion of two years, that a peace should be concluded at Paris by which aU the great objectsof the war were accomplished and securities for the future obtained, what would have been thought ? (Hear.) If they had had such a picture revealed to them, they would only have said, " May such things be smd God's name lie praised P And when those things had been accomplished, and more than accomplished, should they be slow in making their acknowledgments and offering their thanks tothe great Disposer of events? (Hear, hear.) When he said that mora than these things had been accomplished, he did not speiik of the success of theBritish fleet in the Sea of Azof and tte capture of the forts, but rather to the moral and poUtical, results which had been achieved. They had broken up the great alliance of the North, that alhance which held not only tho words but the very thoughts of men throu"hout Europe to the very shores of Italy in a state of thraldom. In the northern sea they had shaken off the hand of Russia from the throat of Sweden. If Eussia had been aUowed not only to establish herself on tho Aland Islands, but to accompUsh her darling object of erecting a fortress in the North Sea, Sweden would have been fixed in a vice, and the independence of Sweden wotdd have been destroyed. What use had Sweden made of tliis restored animation which had been given to her ? She had entered into a treaty with Prance and England, which had given a mast effectual security against the further advance of Russia in that quarter. Among aU that had been accomplished, none, in his opinion, was of greater importance or of more significance than this alliance between Sweden and the Western Powers. The late Emperor of Russia, tte aggressor in this war, having sunk under the anxiety and labours which he brought upon himself, they had heard the remarkable words of his successor-that public opinion had turned against him, and that it was time to withdraw from the contest. (Hear, hear.) Those wero but few words to be heard in Moscow; but this recognition of pubUc opinion, and this concession to it, although the words in which they were made were few, yet coming from the Emperor of Russia, they reqnired no smaU amount of moral courage on his part to say them. (Hear, hear.) They were a proof of a moderation and a wisdom which wero good auguries for the happiness of his own subjects, and, considering the leading part whichhe himself was destined to perform in the affairs of the world, they were important words as affecting the future happiness of mankind. (Cheers.) He had said that the great objects of the war had been accomplished. What was the chief object of the war ? It was to secure the independence of Turkey and to take security for the peace of Europe for the {future. What was the great danger which menaced Turkey? It was the strong fortress of Sebastopol and the overwhelming fleet of Eussia in the Black Sea. Sebastopol had faUen, not to be restored ; the fleet had sunJk beneath the waves, not to be again put in motion. The Black Sea had been neutraUzed; Turkey had been received as a Power under the common law of Europe; and the independence of Turkey had been guaranteed by the great Powers. This had been effected by the allies. But the Sultan himself of his own motion had done an important act towards invigorating the resources of his own empire. He had put an end to aU degrading distinctions among his subjects; he had granted equal laws to all denominations of his subjects; he had raised the Christrians to that just position which they ought to hold in that countiy. These were great, important, and generous reforms ; and any gentleman who had appUed himself to the Sapers which were before the House could not fail to see ow large a part in effecting this great reform was due to France and the weU estabUshed influence of our ambassador at Constantinople. Severe things had been said lately of Lord Stratford de Redcliffe, but the House was generous as weU as just, and would not close its eyes to the important services which Lord Stratford de Redcliffe had performed. (Cheers.) There was another point of no small importance. It was contained in the 20th article of the treaty, and was caUed the rectification of the frontier between Turkey and Russia. The word " rectification" was not a very common word. It was a word whioh had the same signification, he admitted, in English and ia Prench; but it seemed to him to imply something more than to correct the line of demarcation, and to mark out a good road from one point to another. It appeared to lum to contain m it something like a question of redress-something ike a moral and material compensation; and he thought that such a word employed in a treaty between Russia and lurkey was rather a new word, and, if it impUed that, he, on the one hand, was most ready to pay homage to the wisdom and moderation of the Emperor of Russia, whUe, on the other hand, it at the same time showed what strength had been engaged on the sido of Turkey and tho allies in this contest. These things had been accomplish by England and her aUies. First and foremost by France, next by Sardinia. Our alliance with Prance had been proved by severe trials, hv some reverses and by great success. He trusted that at the close of this war the links of the affiance would be more closely and intimately drawn between the two countries. Cheers.) France and England had at other times leamt what wasthe powerof each other; they had leamt to respect each other. He beUeved this was the first time in histoiy that they had leamt to trust each other; and great were the objects which had been the resnit of that confidence. He must he aUowed to say one word with regard to Sardinia, aconntry not equal in extent of territory or in resources to either England or France, but inferior neither in heart or in spirit to either. (Cheers.) She had shown herself worthy to stand beside them both in the field of battle and at the councU table. He congratulated the able statesman who presided over the proceedings of Sardinia on tho success of his policy, and he rejoiced that the voice of Sardinia had been heard on the subject of Italy at the Congress of Paris. They knew that Sardinia would countenance no excess and no extravagance. (Cheers.) Her end would be to promote well-regulated Uberty and constitutional government. If for a single moment he might venture to raise his feeble voice, and speak in the name of the House of Commons, he would say that England would never forget that it was at ! the moment of the first and severest trial, and when other j nations stood by and looked on, that Sardinia took her | share in the conflict (loud cheers), and that Sardinia had ? earned the firm good will and lasting friendship of ; England. (Eenewed cheers.) Speaking his own humble - opiaion, this peace seemed to him to be an honourable ! peace. _ It was true it had not been received with any i exultation or enthusiasm by the country. The truth j was that the country was so ? confident in her resources, that having made great exertions, and i haviag brought her army and her navy to the point of per- i f ection at which itnowexisted, andfeeling herself more ready ! to carry on the war than at the moment when it commenced, { the countiy was comparatively indifferent whether the war i should be carried on or whether peace should be concl ded. [ But if tho noble lord at the head of the Government rightly ' represented the feeling of the country last year when he pro - i posed to carry the war witt vigour to a successful con- I elusion, he beUeved the noble lord no less truly represented aU that Wf s national and solid in the feeling of this country in granting t j it at the earliest moment consistent mth honour and the accomplishment of the objects in view the inestimable h'.essing of peace. (Cheers.) He beUeved the country would accept the peace with joy and satisfaction, which would increase from day to day. (Hear.) He trusted the House would justly reflect the opinion of the country uponthis point. Ho was veiy anxious to keep faith with , the House, and he should be most unwilling to travel into collateral matters; but there was one point which he could not entirely pass over-he meant the point which referred to a question of what might be caUed arbitration, or the mediation of friendly Powers in cases of difference between nations. Ho regretted that one of the members for Manchester (Mr. Bright) and one of the members for tho West ! Biding of Yorkshire (Mr. Cobden) should not be present, andhe stiU more deplored the causes of their absence. (Hear, hear.) That clause of iho treaty would, he was sure, receive their cordial approval and their! warm support. (Hear.) It appeared to him, by giving time for angry passions to cool and for reflection to operate, to throw round peace an additional bulwark, and to set a landmark in the progress of civilization and humanity. Our thanks for this us weU as for many other objects acomplished by the treatv, were due to the talents and perseverance of our Chief Commissioner, Lord Clarendon. (Cheeis.) Those qualities of the noble lord had received a distinguished compUment before the assembled delegates of Europe in the HaU of the TuUeries, and he was sure that the House of Commons would not be slow to mark its sense of the services which Lord Clarendon had performed to his country. (Cheers.) He would not enter upon other points connected with this treaty. He had already said he thought the peace a good and honourable peace. (Hear.hear.) The noble lord at tho head of the Govornment, in carrying the war to a successful issue, had had his reward. He beUeved that the people of England would receive from his hands with equal satisfaction the peace which was now offered to them, and in the confidence that the Houso would reflect the general sentiment and cordiaUy thanking them for the attention which they had bestowed, he asked their support to the motion which he had the honour to propose. (Cheers 1 He bceed to move that & "An humble address be presented to Her Majesty, to return^ to Her'Majesty the sincere acknowledgments and thanks of this House for the important communication which Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to make to this House of the General Treaty concluded at Pans on the 30th of March, between Her Majesty the Emreror of Austria, tho Emperor of the French, the Kin of Prussia^.the Emperor of Russia, the King of Sardinia, and theSultan by which peace has been estabUshed between Her Majesty the Emperor of the French, the King of Sardinia, and the Sultan, on the one hand, andthe fimperor of Russia on the other ; "To a^ure Her Majesty that, whUe we should have deemed it our duty cheerfuUy-to afford Her Majesty our firm support if it had unfortunately been found necessaiy to continue the war, we have learnt with joy and satisfaction that Her Majesty has beer, enabled to re-establish peace on conditions honourable to Her Majesty's Crown, and which fully accomplish the great objects for which the war was undertaken; JfTw'rff- to Hevr Majesfyt-m great satisfaction which we feel at finding that while those affiances which have so mainly contnbuted to the vigorous and successful prosecution of the war have been equally effective in the consolidv tion of peace Powers which have not taken an active part m the war have combmed with the bcffiVerents to ive additional firmness to the arrangementsby which "tho turb^ce3 ^ ^  t0 be Proteola fran dfe"To state to Her Majesty that we rejoice that, not. .wiihstandmg the great exertions which the late war has rendered necessary, the -resources of the empire Temain unimpaired. " To express our hope that the peace which has now been concluded may, under the favour of Divine Providence, long continue to shed its blessings over Europe; and that harmony among Governments and friendly intercourse among nations may steadUy promote ihe progress of civilization, and secure the welfare and happiness of mankind." Mr. H. HERBERT said, he could assure the House that in rising to second the address which had jnst been so ably moved he deeply felt the necessity of asking their indulgence, as the only claim which he could put forward was not that he was able to say anything worthy of tte occasion, but that he was not in the habit of occupying their attention for any length of time. He would endeavour to trespass on their attention as Uttle as was consistent with the duty which he had undertaken. His hon. friend had said that the peace recently concluded at Paris had not been jeceived by this country with ihe enthusiasm wiih which peace had been received on fonner simUar occasions. He agreed with him in that remark; but he beUeved that the want of anxiety for peace and the absence of enthusiasm when it was attained did not spring from any weU founded beUef that the terms were unfavourable; there were a variety of causes which produced those feelings. In the first place, there was a general conviction that if the war had continued, our army, which wa3 now in a most admirable state of order and discipline, would have added largely to the laurels which it had already so abundantly gained. (Hear, hear.) The people of this country believed that, being released from the arduous and terrible duties of the siege, our army would have been able at last to meet the enemy in the open field, and thereby give more distinguishing proofs of its powers than had hitherto been possible. They also beUeved that at the commencement of the war we were unprovided with the specific means of attack which the pecuUar nature of tte naval warfare required. They also believed that if the war had continued a vefy different result would have occurred in the ensuing campaign. (Hear, hear.) Those were the main causes of the want of enthusiasm, but he submitted that when, such was the temper of the nation, it was the duty of the Govemment and all who regulated pubUc affairs most scrupulously to ascertain how far the necessity stUl existed for continuing a war, upon which we had been forced to enter. He confessed that when he read the accounts of the state of the army in the East, and when he saw on a recent occasion that magnificent armament which the energy and foresight of Her Majesty's Government had prepared, he could not get rid of a feeling of regret that ia a future campaign opportunity should not be afforded to show to the world what the fuUy developed resources and the fully froused spirit of England could achieve. (Cheers.) But he submitted that was exactly the frame of mind when the discipline of self-examination should be appUed, and *hey should most seriously consider whether the objects of ihe war had been attained. At the moment when they were inclined to something like arrogant self-confidence, they should remember the chances of war, that "the race was not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong," and beware lest, by continuing the strife when peace was possible, they might forfeit the support of that great Being by which they had been enabled to bring the contest to a successful termination. (Hear, hear.) To enahle themto consider the subject they must go back to the years which preceded the commencement of the war. Partly hy treaties which gave rise to indefinite claims, partly by constant interference, Russia had obtained such aa ascendancy over Turkey that it became manifest that at some period or other the complicated web which was wound round Turkey must be cut by tho swords of the Western Powers, unless they were prepared to see the Ottoman territory absorbed bit by bit by her gigantic neighbour, and the glorious capital of Constantinople fall under a Power which would render all other preponderance in the west of Europe impossible. (Hear, hear.) But things were bronght to a crisis by an aggression on the part of Eussia. War ensued, which was commenced by the aUied Governments with a declaration that they sought no new territorial accessions for themselves. The great object of the war was stated to be the defence of the integrity of Turkey. It was impossible for any man to say that that object, at aU events, had not been attained. The events of the war had now become matter of history. It was stated ou a recent occasion by the noble lord (Lord J. RusseU) that there were three modes in whichRussia mightattackTurkey. Upon all those points the enemy had been driven back. The gaUantry of the Turks, assisted by some of our own countrymen, at the siege of Silistria, drove the enemy back from the Danube. The gallantry of onr army, with the assistance of our allies, carried SebastopoL And the gallantry of General Wiffiams and our other f eUow-countrymen at Kars stopped the tide of conquest in Asia Minor, concerning which great apprehensions had been entertained. He beUeved that those apprehensions were exaggerated. He did not think it to bo_ so easy as some imagined for Russia to menace Constantinople from that quarter. So Russian General in his senses would advance by that line to Constantinople so long as an enemy had possession of the sea. But had it not been for the gaUant defence of Kars by General Wiffiams, Russia would havo extended her conquests in Asia Minor, and Would have set up a claim in consequence for better tenns at Paris. The gallantry and fortitude of General Wiffiams had been aUuded to the other night; but he thought hon. members had underrated the enormous advantages derived from protracting the defence of Kars, which rendered it impossible for the Eussian armies to spread over a larger field in Asia Minor. (Hear, hear.) He did not propose to discuss what poUtical objects in Europe might be necessary at the present time. He did not wish to allude to those pofiticalchanges which many hon. membeis mightwish to see. Hecould notsaythatthe poUtical state of many countries in Europe was not exceedingly unsatisfactory, but the rectification of those evils did not form part of the object ofthe war. It might be desirable, and he for one most heartily wished, that a different state of things shonld exist in Italy. It might be desirable ihat the kingdom of Poland should again exist, and ho for one should be glad to see that ancient kingdom restored. But he did not think that any hon. gentleman had a fair ground for saying that a peace was not satisfactory because it did not provide for these changes, when the main design with which we had commenced the war and formed an affiance with other countries did not comprise these objects. Some might ask how the safety of Turkey was provided for by this treaty? Turkey ivas now admitted into the European system, and her independence was guaranteed by tte whole of Europe, as far as any political objects could be guaranteed, It would now be just as impossible for Russia to interfere with or to attack Turkey, as for any powerful State of Europe to attack a weaker neighbour. That protectorate over the Christians in Turkey which had enabled Russia to interfere in the interconcerns of Turkey had ceased. The Black Sea was neutralized, and that splendid fleet which had carried terror to Constantinople a few months ago was now beneath the waves, and the Emperor of Russia was bound never more to rebuild it. The arrangements relative to the Black Sea, which _ formed the subject of a convention between Eussia and Turkey, were eminently satisfactory. It was impossible to say that for the suppression of piracy and the enforcement of Customs' regulations, Russia ought not to have some vessels of war in the Black Sea. But these vessels were to be Umited to 10 of a certain size, aad Turkey was to have the same number, so that there would be an equality of force between the two Powers. Then, England, France, Austria, and Sardinia were empowered to station two smaU vessels of war at the mouth of the Danube, so that ou any sudden emergencyoccurring there would be 18 vessels ofthe alUed Powers in the Black Sea for 10 of Russia. The Emperor of Russia had also agreed not to establish or maintain any mUifcary-maritime arsenals in the Black Sea, the principal of wmch we had destroyed. There was a declaration in one of the protocols with reference to.one of these arsenals which did not Ue in the Black Sea, and which the relative position of the affies and the enemy scarcely gave us a claim to interfere with, without trying the result of another campaign. The Plenipotentiary of Russia remarked upon the maintenance of Nicolaieff:" The Emperor, his august master, on acceding with sincerity to the propositions of peace firmly resolved, strictly io carry out aU the engagements resulting from them; but that Nicolaieff, being situated far from the shore of the Black Sea, respect for her dignity would not pennit Eussia to aUow a principle solely appUcable to the coast to be extended to the interior of the empire." He thought that a veiy reasonable and unanswerable argument in the relative state of the armies of the beffigerent Powers. But the Plenipotentiary of Russia added :- " The security of and watching over the coasts required, moreover, that Russia should have, a3 had been admitted, a certain number of light vessels in the Black Soa, and that, if she consented to give up the ship-building yards of Nicolaieff, she would be compelled to establish others in some other point of her southern possessions; that, in order at once to provide for his engagements and for tho requirements of the naval service, the Emperor intends only to authorize the constrnction at Nicolaieff of the vessels of war mentioned in the basis of the negotiation. "The first Plenipotentiary of Great Britain, and, atter him, the other Plenipotentiaries, consider this declaration satisfactory. "The Earl of Clarendon inquires of the first Plenipotentiary of Russia whether he agrees to the insertion of his declaration in the protocol ? After having repUed iu the affirmative, Count Orloff adds that, iu order to prove the sincerity of his intentions, the Emperor has intrasied him to demand a free passage through the Straits of the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles for the two ship3 of the line which alone are now at Nicolaieff, and which would have to proceed to the Baltic as soon as peace was concluded." So far as a guarantee could be given, he thought we had security that for the future these engagements would be carried out. The freedom of the Danube was secured. An important point had been conceded by the rectification of the frontier at the mouth of the Danube. The House would form a very inadequate idea of the importance of that concession if they measured it by the actual area of the territory which had been yielded. The lino that had beea drawn clearly excluded Russia, not only from aU concern in tho mouths of the Danube, but also to a very considerable extent from the river. Pmth indeed, from all that part which, being accessible to gunboats, would have left the Russians a secure place of refuge for a force that had heen used with great effect during tho Danubian campaign. As a further proof of the importance of that cession he need only remind the House of the celebrated siego of Ismail. andof the w.irds addressed by Prince Potemkin to General Suwaroff, " Vous prendre: Ismail; mais a quel prixl" (Hear, hear.) The agreement which Russia had entered int J with regaid to Bomarsund it was u.Miece3s?.vy for Mm to dwell upon,- hut he ventured to submit that the agreements which had been come to and the guarantees winch had beea given had fully and fairly accomplished the objects of the war-ttat they secured, as far as treaties could secure, that those interferences on the -part of Russia of which we had had so much reason to complain shonld not be repeated ; and when he reflected apon tte terms of peace which a short time ago many persons thought would have been admissible, and at the residt which had now been ohtained through the firmness and energy of the noble lord the First Minister of the Crown and his coUeagnes, he thought that the Government were entitled to the gratitude of the country. (Hear, heax.J The noble lord at the head ofthe Government might fairly claim the glory of having taken the helm at a time of enormous difficulties aad discouragements, and of having bronght the countiy through an arduous struggle to a satisfactory and triumphant issue. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, he would only glaaco for a moment at the attitude in which this countiy now stood. It might be true that the country accepted peace not with any great enthusiasm, and that she was as ready for war as for peace. (Hear, hear.) She had, indeed, ao occasioa for enthusiasm, for she had not been reUeved from any pressing danger near her own shores, but she liad been engaged ia a distant contest in which she had succeeded. She had carried that contest through-more especiaUy the latter portion of it-with unexampled vigour, and she ?would be ready to continue that contest if it were necessary withincreased strength and animation. (Hear, hear.) Our affiance with France hadbeen cemented; and England was now prepared to resume tho acts of peace without any animosity to those who had been recently her antagonists. She coiild well afford to admire the bravery of those Russian soldiers who had opposed her with so much abiUty and courage, though they had never been able to defeat her in the open field. She could admire the courage and tenacity with which they had clung to that fortress the custody of which had been committed to their care; and_ she could admire not less the generosity than the determination of that maa who had achieved aa important triumph in Asia. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that the House would he unanimous ia agreeing to the address which had been proposed by his hon. friend, and that they would more especiaUy respond to the words in the concluding paragraph:-" That the peace which had now been concluded might, under the favour of Divine Providence, long continue to shed its blessings over Europe; and that harmony among Governments and friendly intercourse among nations might steadily promote the progress of civilization and secure the wel&re and happiness of mankind." (Cheers.) Lord J. MANNERS rose, not to oppose the reception of the address, but to state some very strong exceptions to certain of the terms contained in it. Ia the second paragraph they were invited to assure Her Majesty that they had " learns with joy and satisfaction that Her Majesty had been enabled to re-establish peace on conditions honourable to Her Majesty's Crown, and which fully accomplished ihe great objects for which the war had beea uadertaken." It struck him that the hon. gentleman opposite who was of course responsible for tho wording of that address, must have fancied that he was still in the capital of our great ally, and that he had heen deputed to draw up an address which would faithfully represent the feelings of the French people, and would be gratifying to the great manwhosat upon the throne of Fraace; but he (Lord J. Manners) took exception to those words, because he did not beUeve that they represented either the facts of the case or the sentiments of the English people on the conclusion of this war. (Hear, hear.) The mover and seconder of the address had both very fairly stated the great objects with which the war had been undertaken; and they claimed credit for the Government on the grouad that ihe peace which had been ratified fully accomplished those great objects. Those objects, as ihey had been defined and laid dowra by the two hoa. gentlemen, were-first, the integrity of the Turkish empire now; and secondly, security for its independence and integrity for the future. With respect to the first of those great objects he had aot a word of complaint to offer; he beUeved that it had been most fully attained, and' he would cordiaUy join ia any expression of opinion on the part of the Honse to that effect. (Hear.) With respect to the second and most important of these two points-the preservation of the independence and integrity ofthe Turkish empire-he felt bound to say that in one most important respect the treaty of peace faUed to accomplish that object. In considering the question of the independence and integrity of Turkey it was necessary to consider Turkey in Asia as weU as Turkey ia Europe (hear, hear), andhe had apon aprevious occasion ventured to express a fear that Asiatic Turkey wonldnofcbe fully protected by the treaty of peace. He would now ask the House to consider whether or not this peace had provided for the future integrity and independence of Turkey in Asia ? The House must not foiget that, in the words of Mr. OUphant, the independence and integrity of Turkey had been as often aud as dangerously threatened on the Araxes as apoa the Danube, and what was the security which had beea attempted to he takea by the Government to guard against Russian aggression on the Asiatic frontier of theTurkish empire? There was one point which must have struck every hon. gentleman whohad listened to the ahle speeches of the mover and seconder of the address, and that was that both of thpsehon. gentlemen had most carefully abstained from mentioning the word Asia. (Hear, hear.) With the single exception of one sentence in the speech of the hon. gentlemaa who seconded the address, in which he nnwisely endeavoured to detract fromthe importance of the last Asiatic campaign, there had aot heen the slightest reference made to Asia. No w, was that House prepared to say that hi the settlement of this question ao care ought to have heen takea respecting the Asiatic provinces of the Turkish empire ? If the sole object ofthe warhad heen to raise np a barrier against the aggression of Russia ia Europe, thea he would admit that ihat object had been fully accomplished, and npon that ground he had nothing to say against the treaty; but, in point of fact, the real danger to the independence and integrity of Turkey wasnotin Europe, but ia Asia. Let the Honse consider the lessons which had been taught by former wars. In the year 1828 Russia commenced a campaign on the Danube and Pruth. At that time the Turkish navy had been destroyed at Navarino, and the finances of the country had been impaired by a protracted aad exhausting war with Greece, whUe the Russians commenced the campaign with 158,000 men. They of course obtained successes, but at the end of the campaign the Russian force npoa the Daaube did not amount to more than 80,000 mea ht to take the field. That army was greatly reinforced, and in 1829 150,000 took tbe field, and some of them even marched into Adrianople; but Marshal Diebitsch who led them had always considered himself saved from destruction by the interveatioa of the great Powers of Europe, and his own aide-de-camp had mentioned that Diebitsch at that time frequently prayed to the Almighty for rescue from acertain destruction, for at that time aTurkish pasha, with only 25,000inen, was prepared to destroy tho remains of the Russian army. How did recent events affect the argument, that the danger to the integrity of Turkey was in Asia, and aot in Europe ? In the year 1S54, before the tardy succours of this country could have arrived, the gaUant Turkish army had beea victorious in more than one struggle against the whole avaUable force of Russia. For the first time in its annals Austria had put herself ia motion, and had taught the acute statesmen of Russia that heaceforward they ought aot to expect that Austria would aUow Turkey to be invaded on her European 'frontier. (Hear, hear.) He considered, therefore, thai, looking upoa the Russian campaigns against the Turks in Europe and their unsuccessful results, and considering also the attitude assumed by Austria, and the effective resistance made by the Turkish army under the command of Omar Pasha-whom it was the fashion of some gentlemen on the Treasury beach to deride-tho astute statesmen of Russia would not again purpose to attack Turkey oa her Europeaa frontier. Now, let the House reverse the picture, and consider with what success Russia had invaded Turkey in Asia. In the year 1828 Paskiewitsch hadnominaUy 20,000 men nnder his command, but ho could never collect more than 12,000 or 14,000 round his standards, and yet in less than a month ho reduced the fortress of Kars-a fortress against which tho great Persian conqueror had centuries before roUed his hosts in vain, and which was regarded throughout the East as impregnable. In 1S29 Paskiewitsch advanced still further, and fresh successes befeU hiin. Was it then a light matter that the Asiatic frontier of Turkey was entirely disregarded in the treaty (hear, hear), and that such being the case the Houseof Commons should he asked to express the opinion that all the objects of the war had been accompUshed ? Only one attempt, and that a mean and pitiful oae, had been made, andmade unsuccessfully, to establish some barrier against Russian aggression in Asia. So extraordinary was tho misconception and so great the delusion which prevailed upon the'subject that he must entreat the House to consider the real state of affairs. During the conferences in Paris the only aUusion made to the defence of the Turkish Asiatic frontier was the miserable attempt of Lord Clarendon to prevent the rebuilding of the Eussian forts on the Eastern coast of the Black Sea. They were now assured on the authority of the noble lord that Eussia was at perfect Uberty to re-erect these forts on the coast of the Black Sea; and he would ask the House with what object Russia would re-erect them ? Could there be a doubt as to that object ? It would be for the purpose of coercing and conquering-it might be for exterminating the gallant Circassians aad inhabitants of the Caucasus. (Hear, hear.) what relations had we maintained with those people? How was the honour of the English Crown concerned in those relations ? These were surely not unimportant questions and ought notiohave escaped reference in the speeches of the mover and seconder of the address. These brave mountaineers were the men, who, as his hon. and learned friend near him {Mr. Whiteside) had shown, did for as in 1854 what we failed, disgracefully failed, to do for ourselves in 1S55. These were the men who, fighting under their gallant leaders, had for a-quarter of a century or more maintained a glorious and successful contest against Russia, who raised the siege of Kars iu 1S54, whom we had spared no means to excite to renewed hostUity against Russia, and whom (having succeeded in our objects) the Government now basely abandoned to their exasperated foe hi the hour of our alleged triumph. (Cheers.) Gracious Heavens! if these things could be done in tho hour of our victory, to what baseness would we not submit if defeat had encountered our arms! He would just ask the House to study the histoiy of our relations with this gaUant people. When the war broke out we invited a deputation of Circassian chiefs to meet in the En glish Embassy-house at Constantinople; we entered into friendly relations with them; we induced them, in order to satisfy our most proper aad laudable prejudices, to put an end to a traffic hateful and horrible to us, but which to them was aUke lucrative and popular. We then sent accredited diplomatic agents to enter into relations with them, io arrange a plan of campaign, and, of course, to promise them the protection of England when the war should terminate. Should he bo told that the only object of these agents was to say to this gallant and unforf ortunate people that, however weU we might wish to their independence, they must not rely on the honourof England at the close of the war; that they might do what they could to help us so long as tte struggle continue*!; ' but that they must expect to be-courteously, indeed, and. ia iho mojii conciliatory tOUC-Scrificed , ! by Her Majesty's Mh-isteis in the event of peacs : Mr. Longworth, our agent, was to Cireassi* what the lat - lamented Lord Dudley Stuart was to Poland, and had besa" selected for this most dehcate and important mission because he, of allliving Englishmen, had been the champion" ofthe independence of Circassia. Ho was sent with all thepomp and ceremony which England oould command, aad ^^T0'J,dilat^TfTly3?:ipi,eS the Orientals with whom.we had to deal with the importance attached nv n -fen tiio mission; andHerMajesty-Tship CycW was^Cd tS' the English Government could afford to do ferthe CSrcas. sians what they could aot aflbi-d to doforoS teleaeW feUow-cpuntrymeniaKars. (Hear, hear.) ____f__l_f' ammunition were all sent to the independent cM^&J __' when aU this was done-when tte honour and goodI fiuttof England were pledged to these unfortunate hut ^_^_Zpie, what effort, he would ask, was made to swTdT ia the conferences at Paris? (Hear, near.) Two __: of defence -and only two -conld be set up bv' the Government upon this question. Either ihe noble lord and his coUeagues, when tte war broke out, regarded, and still continued to regard Circassia and the territorieBof: the Caucasus as independent of Russia ; or fhey re-arded them as dependencies of that empire, and the inhabitants as insurgents against the rule of tteir lawful sovereign. WelL on the oOth of April, from Vienna, was despatched the tol- ? lowing announcement:" Advices from Constantinople of the 24th of April have been received here. A deputation had arrived there from Circassia, to request the recognition and ihe guarantee of tte independence of that countiy by the Porte, England " and France." Now, what answer had Her Majesty's Government given, or what answer were they prepared to give to this demand on'. the partof the Circassians? (Hear, hear.) The only answer contained inthese protocols, and the only answer, so far as he knew, that Her Majesty's Government was preparedto give, was ttat Russia should he at liberty to rebuild the. forts on the Circassian coast and to exterminate the people if she could, and was so minded. Now, his position was: that, up to the present momeat at any rate, neither England aor Europe had ever recognized in any State paper extant the right of Russia to Cireassia (hear, hear); and aow, having arrived at this most satisfactory and honourable conclusion of this most successful war, as we were assured was tho case, were its very first fruits to be to give to Russia for the first time the sanctionof European law to the acquisition of ihese important terntones? (Hear.hear.) He was willing to make this admissionto the noble lord-that bythe treaty of Adrianople Russia undoubtedly set ap her claim not only to Circassia, but to a great many other countries; to more, indeed, than she very wisely chose to specify. Ihe fourth clause of that treaty was ia these terms:__ " Georgia, Inieritia, Mingrelia, Gouriel, and many otter provinces of the Caucasus, being united for many years and for ever to the empire of Russia, and ttat empire havin-' further, by the treaty concluded with Persia at Tourknian chai oathe 10thof Februaiy, 1828, acquired the Khanats of Erivan and of Naktchivaa, the two high contracting Powers have recognized the necessity of establishing between. their respective States, along tte whole of that Une, a- froatier weU determined and likely to prevent aU future - discussion." But that was a treaty which affected Rusaa and Turkey alone ; so far as he was aware, neither England nor any otter European Power ever sanctioned the acquisitionof". these territories. ("Hear.hear," from Mr. Layard.) In1839 Lord Stratford de Redcliffe, speaking on the subject of - this treaty of Adrianople, said:" Mutual explanations-took place (that was afterthe treaty thus signed betweea Russia and Turkey), and he beUeved he was justified ia saying that any candid mind brought to the'. consideration of the case must come to the conclusion that, in point of honour, Russia was restrained from availing herself of her successes over the Turkish empire to increase her territory to the smallest extent; hnt when the acquisition extended to not less than 2o0 miles of a line of coast, ? with an average depth of 100 miles, including not only Cir- - cassia, but the whole of the mountainous range of the - Caucasus, it was impossible aot to be astonished at the claims which were aow advanced." Advanced, then, but aot conceded. (Hear, hear.) It remained, upon the supposition he had adopted, for the aoble; lord, ia concluding his magnificent treaty of peace, to concede to Russia those all-important territories for tte future vindication of the future integrity and independence of the Turkish empire. (Hear, hear.) But did the noble lord regard Circassia as independent of Russia, or did he not? The debate to which he had alluded was remarkable, among other tilings, for a statement which he beUeved had aot been contradicted, that a map had been published and revised under the sanction of tto aoble lord, in which many of those territories claimed by Eussia were marked as independent. At least they had the authority of lord Stratford de Redcliffe, of the late Sir R. Peel, of tte present Earl of Derby, that up to that period England had not conceded the right of Russia to those territories. The first fruits of our successful war was, that Russia aow obtained the ssaction of England to territories which she had hitherto regarded as independent. Did the noble lord taie the other ground,' and stUl say he did aot aow regard those territories as of right belonging to Russia'! If he did, then all - the observations which he (Lord J. Manners) had ventured to make as to tte dishonour accruing to the Crown of England by our treatment of those gaUant people came to nought; but the dishoaour was perfectly insignificant in comparison with the baseness of onr behaviour in that contingency. We excited ihe insurgent subjects of the Power with which we were at war; we suppUed them with arms, money, and ammunition; we invited a deputation from, them to meet our ambassador at Constantinople; arranged, with them a plan of campaign; we spared no pains to excite them against our common foe; and then, haviag successfully aroused them to activity, even those whom the com-. paratively moderate and mild rule of Prince Woronzoff had reconcUed to tte Russian rule, when they had saved a fortress which we ourselves were subsequently unable to pre-. serve, we theii throw them away like a sucked orange, and permit the released forces of Russia to proceed to tteir final. conouesi and subjugation. (Hear.) To put a parallel case. Supposing that when the war broke out we had received a deputation of Poles from Warsaw, arranged a plan of action with them; that we had sent out the late Lord D. Stuart as our representative ia Polaad; and that at tte end of the war, after having destroyed the Russian fortresses on the Polish frontier-^of which they used io hear so much from tte noble lordthememberfor the Cityof Londoa-all we should attempt to do for the Poles, after rousing them to successful rebellion, should be to make a feeble and, as he beUeved, aa unreal attempt to prevent the reconstruction of those fortresses,-what would then bethought of us? Butif such was the case in point of honour, what was it in point of poUcy ? Was it, he beUeved, in the words of the hoa. gentleman who seconded the address, that the Asiatic question and Asiatic campaign wero of secondary importance ? That was aot the opinion of the right hon. baronet the member for Carlisle (Sir J. Graham), who tte other night had laid great stress upon the sUence of the aoble lord upon that point. Without relying too much apon the opinions of. others, he must say he found considerable support for his views ia the statements of tte right hon. baronet the member for Carlisle, aad some wise, and, no doubt, discreet observations made by hon. gentlemen who either sat on or immediately behind the Treasury benches. The ChanceUor of the Exchequer had said on a previous evening that the fall of Kars had nothing to do with the terms of peace (hear), ttat it was an insignificant aflair, and that everything had been agreed upon at Vienna be. ore the faU of Kars was made known. Had the right hon. gentleman ever studied a valuable book wntten by one of his coUeagues, the hon. member for Poole (Mr. D. Seymour) I la his work on the Black Sea that hon. gentleman stud, " When peace shidl bemade, itwill be most fortunate should we be able to secure thefreedom of the eastern coast of the Black Sea by treaty, for the independence of that country would form one of tte best securities aga-mt Russiaa aggression. At the Caucasus Russia may be said to end, and a new class of nationaUties to begin. Hon. gentlemen who had' so longsympathized with oppressed nationaUties might surely find some enthusiasm in favour of the oppressed nationality of Circassia :- " And she can only desire to possess that mountain range with the intention of extending her conquests beyond it. Xhe Caucasus-that is, themountamrangeitself and thocountees that Ue at the foot of them, to the north and south-are the most convenient entrance to the heartof the greai tableland of Asia, which, when once thoroughly subdued, might constitute an impregnable citadel whence Russia would oe enabled to extend her influence and dominion in every direction. The Caucasus is the real citadel of Russian power in the south aad east, although as yet beleaguered by the nations from which it has been partiaUy wrested. Russia has surrounded it by an army of 170,000 men, and carefully keeps its inhabitants from communication with civilized liurope. We have never acknowledged the sovereignty of thcRussians over this territory, [Could they say so after this debate ?J nor over tho Christian provinces to the south of the Caucasus. If her blockade were permanently removed from the eastern coast of the Black Sea and the brave inhabitants of the mountains allowed to carry on a Uberal commerce with Europe, their energies would be quickly turned from. war to peaceful arts." The hon. gentleman subsequently went on to say :- " The coabt of Circassia is now free, and aU ttat is required is that it should be kept so without being again subjected toa bari-arous blockade. (Hear.hear.) U* consul wereplacedfhereandmerchantsencouragedtofrequeat it, its gallant inhabitants would soon yield to the civilizing influences of Europe and engage themselves in developing its boundless resources. We may rest satisfied that thc freedom of the Caucasus wiU form an important element towards the diminution of Russian influence in theEast." These were weighty words coming from a subordinate member of the Government. He (Lord J. Manners) would be glad to have seen some of that energy aad foresight manifested in the conduct or evca in the language of our Plenipotentiary in Paris. But if Lord Clarendon aad tte noble lord at the head of the Government were disinclined to adopt the enlightened views of oae of their subordinates, ha (Lord J. Manners) found support in another quarter, winds he was given to understand was aot entirely unconnectei with tte Treasury bench. In one of the oigans of pubhc opinion he found an article upon the tenns upon wiicf peace inight be made, of wiiich he would read a parag-ujjli. > and would ask whether hon. gentlemen on the Tiiasv y bench had ever heard of it before :- " An agreement on the part of Russia to heepxo -mora ships in.the Black Sea, to abstain from any fuVire 'inter. fercuce with Turkey, and to open the navigataw-t 0f the Danube, would not be worth a single sixpence fir asingle life. It is precisely on this account that we iasas*. upon the capture ef Sebastopol, the reteatioa of the r^hae^ the recover? and restitution c_ the mouths of the j-^reat German river, and the expulsion of the Russians, iro-dl their possessions south of Caucasus; for these would n*^ be parchment promises, but' great facts'-not ecca^amf__ .which Russia might violate at pleasure, but actual iosr,es which would tie her hands and paralyze her power of a^chicf." He hoped to impress tho writer of Ou*'- article with tte importance of tha subject which h? had taken in hand, and that he would foUow it up. ___ article accordingly appeared on January 2Gth evan Snore forcible, if possible, oa the point. The writer said ;- "But the fact stiU remain's, notwithstanding these natural reflections, ttatthe*-etcn*jonof thuss provinces by Russin . is incompatible vtit'il as**, feeling of security or permanence.
TnM MiTnS.-LIVERPOOL, Afay3 3.-The Dritish and INorth American mail steamship Asia sailed hence today for New York, with 87 passeniers and a large cargo, besides the usual mail. The Black Ball liner lightning will sail from the Mersey on Tuesday, for Melbourne, with about 400 passenger-s and the bi-monthly mails. THEn TRILA OF W. PArznsn.-At present no alteration has been made in the day appointed by the Court of Queen's Bench for the trial of the prisoner-namely, Wednesday, the 14th of May; but it is said that an application will be made to postpone the case to the Meonday foloiing, when the whole of the ordinary business will have been disposed of. The prisoner was brought to London on Sunday, m the charge of the deputy-governor of Stafford Gaol and one of the turnkeys, and he -was delivered to Mr. Weatherhead, the governor of Newgate, in due form, zunder the order of the Court of Queen's Bench. Every arrangement was made to keep the fact ofthe removal oftheprisonera secret, and no one was aware of it but the persons immediately concerned in the matter. He appears remarkablyhealthy, and does not'seem to have at all suffered from the imprisonment and the anxiety he must have undergone. Ee was placed in the usual ward appropriated to untried crlminals of his class, and he will, of course, be allowed every proper facility to communicate with his solicitor until the period of his tliaL DoGs AND SEsEn.-On Friday afternoon a ce was heard in the Barnsley County Court which excited considerable interest. It was an action brought by hr. Shaw, of Acomb, near York, against Mr. Nicholson, of Bank-end, near Barnsley, to recover 501. damages, sustained on the part of plaintiff in having 60 sheep wrorried by a dog belongingtothe defendant. Tho fidek of sheep had been removed from Bretton-park to Worsborough. After they had been at the latter place abont a fortnight a dog belonging to the defendant got among them, and worried themn to such a degree that 42 died from the injuries he inflicted, and lS subsequently from exhaustion. It was showvn in evidence that the dog was known by defendant to have previously been guilty of similar Practices, and it was, therefore, his duty to have destroyed it. After a long hearing the jury retired to consider their verdict, and, after about an hour's deliberation, returned a verdict for plaintiff, damages 351. THE FnAuiDs OF THE LATE JonY SADsr.-It appears from a return issued by the Irish Encumbered Estates Court that the number of conveyances executed by the Commissioners to the late John Sadleir amounted to 20. Minutes of the Court are appended, showin- the applications made by Sadleir for an extension of the time to lodge the purchase-money of the estate of the Earl of GlengaU (67,9701.) and it hence appears that an application on behalf of Sncieir for provisional credit was refused on the 9th of March, with costs, Sadleir having been ordered to lodge 2,2001. by the follow;ing Monday. TEIx PROPOSED MEMoRIA CHURTcH AT CONSTAXTINoPLE.-A meeting of the leading inhabitants of Liverpool and the district was held at the Toen-ball on Friday, the mayor (Mr. John Stewvart) presiding, at which it wras unanimously resolved to give the inhabitants of Liverpool an oppoxtunity of contsihultingtowards the cre. tion and endowvment of a church in Constantinople to the memory of our gallant countrymenvwho fought and died in the late war. F3ISERtY HARBours IN SCoTLAND AMD IRIEANYD. -It appears that betwveen January, 1846, and the 14th of April, 1856, 72,2001. ras advanced on public account for building, adding to, or otherwiise improving and maintaining fishery harbonrs in Ireland, and a sum of 33,5001. for the same works in the sister k-ingdom of Scotland. TESTAMENTARY hND MATRIMONIAL JURISDICTION. -Tbe testamentary and matrimonial jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical and other courts is abolshed by a bill of Sir F. Kelly, Lord Stanlev, and Mr. Butt, and vested in a court to be called " Hier Majesty's New Court." The Judge will be a barrister of 15 years' standing, or an advocate of the Arches' Court of 10 years' standing. The amount of his salary is not yet determined. Due provision is made for the details and forms of procedure in the new court. [Advertisement. In consequence of the death of a near relation, Lady WYilloch's Bail for Wednesday next, the 7th, is unavoidably postponed.
LONDON, TUESDAY, MAY 6, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, Thanks were voted to the Bishop of BAr and WEILS for preaching the thanksgiving sermon before the Peers on Sunday. In answer to a question by Lord CLA.NcARTy Lord PANEui stated that the Government intended to disband the Militia with as little delay as possible, but that it would do so gradually and with caution. The Earl of ELLESMERE moved an Address of congratulation to the CRowN on the conclusion of the treaty of peace with Russia. He described the terms of the treaty as satisfactory; they fairly secured the objects for which the country went to war; they fulfilled all that could reasonably have been expected, and he hoped the Address would not call forth any pronounced dissent. Re warmly eulogized the services of the Army and Nay, and especially dwelt on the services of General Wriu.&ars; he hoped Russia was about to enter on a new career, and that her future prosperity, under the young EirrEr~oRx would be regarded by this country with sympathy and satisfaction, for it was no longer a popular opinion that the strength of one countrvis the weakness of another,-a belief as detestable as it was unsolund. REe concluded by reading the Address. Lord GImENG seconded the motion. If they compared the position of Russia in the Baltic and Black Sea before the war with that she occupied at present they must admit that the objects of that war had been gained. Before the commencement of hostilities Russia was threatening Norway and Sweden, she held a protectorate of the Principalities,and in Sebastopolshe kepta standingmenaee over the Ottoman Empire; now Sebastopol was destroyed, the protectorate no longer existed, the Black Sea was opened; while Sweden was secured from aggression. The terms of the treaty were moderate, and would prove thatuEngland had no desire of self-aggrandizement; the conditions of the treaty obtained advantages for al Eope; they belonged to the world; the nation w~as indebted to the Ministers by whlom it had been concluded, and more especially to the ability, character, and col -. duct of Lord CLAiSZNDo.N. The events of- th war had shown that, though devoted to the arIs^ of peace, England had not lost, in luxury and wealth, the qualitieswichhadmade it eminent in war; Eomo few may have hesitated, and iloubted, but throughout the contest the spirit of the natioa had never wavered. 'The Earl of MALESBtRY complained that-the text of the Address had not been laid on the table at the same time with the treaty. lRe thought the3 language employed in the Address exag_erated, and he could not concur with it. The expressions - " joy and satisfaction!' were not warranted. He could notfeel either one orthe other. The Govern-. ment had never very clearly defined the objects of the war; but, as far as he understood them, he denied they had been fully accomplished, and he. should advi'e an amendment congratulating HIM MAfEsTy that the Government had been enabled to. establish a peace " the conditions of which appearei to HEuR MAjxsTs Government adequately to effect the great objects of the war." lVhether he should press the amendment much dependedonthe manner in which it might be received by the Government. He then enteredinto an examination of the terms of the treaty. He contended that the fal. of ]iar; had greatly affected the conditions of peace. Sebastopol was restored to Russia; although it appeared no naval arsenals were to be kept up) in the Black. Sea, there was no definition of vhat were to be considered arsenals. The northern forts of Sebastopol were left to Russia; Kertch and Eupatoria were to be given up again, strengthened by works we had erected. The forts on the Circassian coast were also again in the hands of the Russians; though the Government had benefited by the exertions of the Circassians, yet it had abandoned them. Having noticed other parts of the treaty, he entered at great length on the transactions connected with the fall of Kars, and severely censured Lord STRurroRD for neglecting for so long a period to answer the despatches of Gene-. ral ViE&s. The reasons why he so neglected thernwere onlyknow-ntohimselfandtoLordCAxi.MDON. Wouldhe statethem? He could not agree with the Addressasitstood; but, shoulditbe the wish of the House to adopt it, he would not oppose it, but content himself with having recorded his opinion. The Earl of CLN-DoN expressed the satisfaction with which he had heard the speeches of the Earl of Ewm=auSnx and Lord G-NcxG ; but the praise bestowed on his own exertions, he said, was equally due to his colleagues. Lord MAInnzmSuIY erred in supposing that the fall of Kars had had a prejudicial effect on the conditions of the peace; Count OaLOFF did allude to it as an important event that had taken place after those conditions had been accepted by Russia, but assured him that those conditions having been agreed to they would be honourably fulfilled. He regretted Lord MuzisBuRy had gone at such length into the question of Kars; General WLis3s was sent out as commissioner with the Turldsh army; had he been an ordinary man he would have confined himself to his instructions, which were to report on the operations. But he was not an ordinary man; he undertook to reform the great abuses he saw, and the Government encouraged him. During the first months he did not receive due support; but it was unjust to suppose that because Lord SrTRuroRD did not write he did nothing else; and it should be remembered that the Turks were excessively jealous of foreign interference. that procrastination was the rule in t-ansacting business in Turkey, and that during the same period Lord SrizsoRD had several other questions in hand, all of great importance. It was impliecd thatthe Government oughtto have recalled Lord STRATrORD; such a step would have been most imprudent; they should not have savedKars, andvwouldhave losttheservicesof an eminent and experienced man at a most criticalperiod. The Government did all it could; it expressed its disapproval of Lord STRAronns conduct, insisted that General WiAas's demands shoul(d be complied with, and obtained that compliance. When he was at Paris -with R}; MIAJrsr he had himself represented to the French Government the danger to which Kars might be exposed; but in the opinion of that Government Sebastopol was the chief object of all the military operations, and to divide the forces might produce failure. All the Generals in the Crimea were of the same opinion, and the Government could not undertake to set aside the opinions of the Government of France and all the military authorities. As to the objections, Lord CLASENmDON explained that, Russia being still entitled to retain a linited number of ships in the Black Sea, it was necessary Nicholaeiff should be kept up as the placc for building them; but an engagement had been made that no more should be constructed than were allowed. The rectification of the frontier from that first proposed had secured a better boundary; the freedom of the navigation of the Danube had been secured; it would be regulated first by a conmission, and afterwards in the same manner as that of the Rhine. As we had obtained no military successes on the Circassian coast, we could not impose any terms on Russia with regard to that country; and it would have been difficult to discover what to impose. Those districts mnust either have been restored to Turkey or declared independent. The people wouldnever have submitted again- to Turkey, and to declare them independent would have been a mere mockery. The feeling of the population and of all the chiefs was with the Russians. Among them he included S cnArva and the Circassians; the only period during which he had made no military movement against Russia had been the last two years of war; he did not think they had any great claim to the consideration of England. The Earl of CLREN-DON concluded by recapitulating the solid advantages which had been secured by the treaty, not the least of which was the increased strength the war had given to the French alliance. Throughout the negotiations there had been the fullest confidenoe between the Governments of England and France; and the Plenipotentiaries of Russia had acted in the most straightforward annd honourable manner. The Earl of DERBY could not adopt the language of the Address. He accepted the treaty of peace, as he believed the country did, without enthusiasm, but without opposition; he accepted it, but did not think it adequate to the sacrifices that had been made; and he hoped it would turn out better than the Peace of Amiens. As to the fall of Ears, he thought the Government was more directly to blame for the neglect of G.xeneral WnmArs than Lord STRoTFonD; it should have given him both money ancd authority at once. Re was not satisfied with the new line of frontier, and saw nothing in the treaty to prevent Sebastopol being rebuilt, nothing to guarantee a real neutralization of the Black Sea. The forts on the coast of Cireassia might be restored, and the best barrier against Russia, the independence of the Cir. cassian tribes, had been sacrificed. He condemned severely that part of the treaty which changed the maritime law of the country without any reference to the Legislature. Earl GRANvmnu replied to the points touched by the Earl of DBBxay. The Earl of ArEnD= believed the treaty secured the objects for which the war was undertaken, but it was doubtful whether posterity would be of that opinion. lhere was nothing to prevent Turkey raising a naval force in the Bosphorus and the Sea of MIarmora; if such a force should ever be employed against Russia, would the other parties be bound to assist her 9 Re thought the neutralization of the Black Sea would be found practically impossible. A power to interpose in the internal management of Turkey ought to have been retained. Lord CoWLzy explained that any aggaresion from either Russia or Turkey inthe Black Sea would give the other contracting Powers a right to intervene. Earl GBEY considered the treaty a great step in the advance of humnpity and civilization, especially in the change it effected in our maritime law. Ior& Casxan said the change in that law had been effected quite in accordance with the constitu. tion. The amendment was then negatived and the Address agreed to without a division. Lord PAnTxx gave notice of a motion for a vote of thanks to the Army and Navy. The Rouse then adjourned. In the House of Commons, on the order for takdng into consideration the treaty of peace, 3Mr. E. DrsIso n moved an Address, to return to Rxa YIAj.s-rY the sincere tha&ui s of that Rouse -for the important communication of the general treaty concluded at Paris; to assure H MJIn;srr 1hat, while the Rlouse should have deemed it its duty cheerflly to afford her its firm sopport if it had been found necessary to continue the waxs it LAX
It is now, happily, so long since the era of wars and peaces, that England has almost forgotten the ceremony of a general congratulation. In former days rejoicings were a high state affair, and everybody took his appointed part in them. It was one of the moods of life which a gentleman had to learn with his grammar and practise with his obeisance. Great adepts, indeed, were our forefathers at the language of satisfaction and praise, so much so that as one reads their complimentary addresses one could almost imagine it the way in which heroes would accost one another in the plains of Elysium. Perhaps this fulie old dialect is not sufficiently appreciated in these days of seditioIIs honesty and vulgar plain-speaking, for, smile as we may at the language of eulogy, there can be no doubt it is very beneficial to hear people described sometimes rather as they should be than as they are. Encomium is the deification of its subject. A man must be a very ordinary, we had almost said extraordinary person, if something handsome cannot be said about his life when it is over, and if there is not a respectable balance of good qualities when we have religiously observed the rule, De mwlidts nil nisi boqaum. On such occasions as the present every person, everything, must be shown, as it were, translated and glorious. We are to see it in the sunshine of a glad heart. A splentlid illumination, or a display such as that we are to witness in the Parks, converts the meanest objects and the most opaque bodies into things of fife; and that is the very work which the public encomiast has to do as well as the material will allow, that is, as far as he can without any palpable violation of truth. We all dress up for our social festivities, and our great men put on gorgeous apparel for occasions of State. A Levee or a Coronation would indeed be a very poor affair, though attended by the best company in the world, if they came in their ordinary morning dresses; and such a proceeding as that of last night would be very uninteresting if the speakers attempted simply a sort of photographic lileness of the personages concerned. The occasion itself was a very grand one. The Treaty is satisfactory and honourable. The great objects of the war have been fully accomplished. The co-operation and good understanding of the allies have continued to the last. The enemy has surrendered the points in dispute after a resistance which commands our respect, and with a grace which almost disarms suspicion. Notwithstanding the proverbial insincerity of treaties which are not founded on the utter exhaustion of the combatants or the prostration of one of them, most people feel this Treaty to be honest and the subscribers sincere. The silence of an old threat, the suppression of a long terror, the disarning of a dangerous foe, the deliverance of an alIy, and the pacification of a fair region, accompanied by new boons not in the original record of the quarrel, but greater than all in it,-the emancipation of our fellowChristiansintlieEast,-constitute abeneficial and a glorious achievement. The splendour of it is reflected on all who have contributed, however feebly, or even wrongly. Success is always an indemnity, and the present success is great, even beyond 'Akonable expectation. But, while we can contemplate with pleasure the efforts of the rhetorical artists who have painted all the chiefs of our arm as compassing nd 'winning by their almost unaided sill andtriumphant prowess the peace and liberty of Europe, we cannot forget that the inherent justice of the cause has arrayed four nations against the aggressor, and that Russia gives way to superior numbers and wealth. The allies have severally done their duty; the people of England have been devoted, hopeful, and firm; those -whom the people chiefly followed have never flinched or despaired for their country ; the result has been a perpetual increase of armies, fleets, fngines of war, subsidies, and schemes, whicvh came -upon the MIuscovite as an inundation, and assured him the longer the war lasted -the worse it would be for him. In this grand view of the result we don't ourselves find it very easy to direct the blaze of the triumph I exactly and particularly on the head of this General] or that Statesman. The whole is satisfactory, and it is the work of the whole. The nmore that can be proved to have contributed their part the better pleased shall we be, so long as a triumph due strictly to four great Powers-and as Englishmen we may say as much to ourselves as to any other Power-is not rested on the inadequate and insecure foundation of half-adozen names. That the Treaty itself is a matter of rational and honest congratulation appears even more in the objections of opponents than in the eulogiums distributed all rouLnd by its advocates. We need not a better authority on the subject than Lord MrATrEsBuisty. In order to prove that the Treaty is not such as England had a right to expect his Lordship proceeds to describe what, in his opinion, she bad a right to expect, and, what she ought to have fought for till she won. With or without the co-operation of our allies, we ought to have carried our specifications into the interior of Russia and dictated to the CzAR, for ever and for aye, as far as a boat capable of carrying a gun could float up his rivers flowing into the Euxine. We ought to have stipulated for the destruction, by Russian hands, of every fort raised on the shores of the Black Sea, or on its rivers, north and cast, not only those that the Russian has raised himself, but also those that we have raised against him. We ought to have stripped him, not only of his position at the mouth of the Danube, but also of we know not how much more of Bessarabia, of Circassia, and of all his other conquests. We ought to have taken under oIr perpetual protection tribes that all experience has proved to be difficult to attach and impossible to control. We ought to have put ourselves in such a position that a hundred Russian soldiers passing from one Russian polrt to another with a couple of 9-pounders would have been a casuts bedi with all the nations of Europe. We ought to have negotiated vith Russia as a Power incapable of keeping its word, when that is all the security we have for her regular observance of any treaty. But, if Russia is to be regarded as utterly faithless, if she is to be stripped by treaties of every position, every natural riglht, every frontier, and even every internal resource, wlhich she might possibly abuse to the purpose of aggression, then is it evident what is the work Lord MAnIBEsnuny has cut ouit for the British nation. It is that we are to persist, in spite of increasing difficuilties and irreparable losses, till we have actually crushed Russia or perished ourselves in the attempt. Russia would never have submitted to the terms which he describes, nor is it to the interest of Europe that she should. But it such is the only treaty, or rather the only demand that would have satisfied Lord MiIESpSuY'S boundless patriotism, then his argument against the Treaty is reduced to an absurdity; he does not [like it simply because he would have preferred some- thin- else which is wholly unattainable, if even desirable. Lord DErnny, with a larger experience and more natural caution, does not go so far as to say that we ought to have persevered in the hope of better terms. Nor does he commit himself to the opinion thatwe could have obtained better. Heis significantly silent as to any other possible terms- He only thinks the Treaty not adequate to our sacrifices, an opinion, or rather sentiment, which has doubtless occurred to many a benevolent miind without any vigorous exercise of the reasoning faculties. He hopes the Treaty may last, and indicates the various points on which-Russia may evade it. WVhether Russia will thank him for letting the wcrld know what, in the opinion of a British en-Minister, the Emperor of RussrA may do without much loss of credit, it is not for us to say, but we beg to suggest that all Treaties may be evaded, that the objection no more applies to this Treaty than to any other, and that if we were never to trust Russia we should never have negotiated with her. The Lords, however, required no such suggestion, but very wisely acquiesced in the proposed Address.
The discussion in the House of Commons bore a striking sinmilarity in many respects to that of last week on the fall of Kars. Both turned on matters past and gone, which no Parliamentary eloquence or majority could alter or remedy, and in both the orators on either side were aware that they were speaking to a foregone conclusion. In both instances the House was called upon to discharge a judicial duty-a finction in which, perhaps, it appears to less advantage than in any other, and in both the interest of the discussion flagged accordingly. A subject so often traversed in the press, on the platform, and on the benches of the House, permits little novelty of treatment, and there was not spirit nor interest enough in the discussion to elicit aRl the novelty that might have been obtained. It is only just to the* mover and seconder of the Address in the House of Commons to say that they treated their subject with discretion and ability, avoiding disputed questions, and bringing out the main points of the case clearly and perspicuously. It is difiicult, indeed, to rise from the perusal of these speeches without feeling more acutely than ever the narrow escape which the country has had from the hands of two sets of politicians. Had we placed the reins of power in the hands of the men who last year were so insanely longing for a termination of the war we should probably have arrived at peace, but a peace so degrading that it could never have been concluded without the consciousness that we had yielded to a beaten enemy more than he could have extorted from us by force, and fixed upon ourselves a badge of inferiority which the saerifices and the magnanimity of the country had little deserved. If, on the other hand, we had listened to those who set up for themselves some object of the war totally distinct from that avowed by our proclamations and countenanced by our Parliament, we should have found ourselves involved in a hopeless crusade in favour of Poland, of Hungary, or Italy; we should have removed our caLse virtually out of the region of fact and reality into that of fancy, and wasted our arms and our treasure in asserting claims just, indeed, in themselves, but far removed from that practical region in which alone the minds of statesmen are permitted to dwell. No Peace accomplishes all which those who engaged in the war desire. There must be in the most satisfactory settlement many things which we could wish other-ise, and never, except when dictating terms to a completely vanquished enemy, can we indulge aU our hopes and aspirations to the full. The historical student who compares the present Treaty with the Treaty of Vienna will be startled to find -how many things England, victorious after her lonlg and desolating, war, was obliged to forego in 1815, and those not matters of secondary irportance, but, as subsequent events have shown, absolutely essential to the future prosperity of Europe. The questions for wnich the allies were almost ready to take up arms before the flight from Elba were waived with one accord after the battle of tVaterloo, and Europe saw herself at once pacified without any of those safeguards which a little while before she deemed absolutely essential to peace. The results we have seen in the Polish Revolution, in the destruction of the Republic of Cracow, and in all the other ways in which the despotic spirit whlich it was our wish and duty to control burst through the feeble bulwarks- that were raised against its encroachments. The real test of the success o a Treaty is not whether it realizes all that we could -wish, but whether the portion that it leaveMs I unaccomplished be worth the blood, the danger, and the treasure of another campaig,.. We are told that we have not made sufficiently good ternis for the Circassians, and that we ought to have insisted on more stringent terms for disarming the coast of the Black Sea, but we are not aware that even the chivalrous Lord Jonx :INLhN'S can establish for the Circassians any very strong claim on our benevolence, nor does it appear very evident how Russia without a fleet can maintain her position at the foot of the Caucasus, on a desolate and pestilential shore. But, even if this were so, is there any man of calm judgment who will say that it would be the duty of this country to lavish her blood and her millions for another year to arrest the commerce between the East and the West for the sake of a few barbarians and a few fortresses on a sickly coast ? And is any one bold enough to say that had we persevered we should have carried our point, or even secured as much as we have now attained? France, it is well known, regarded with little favour any attempt to meddle with the Eastern coast of the Euxine, and a resolution to force on the war at all hazards might have ended in our being left to ight the battle alone, with the possibility of being ourselves the object of an equally powerful coalition with that of which we have just been a member. These things cannot be regarded in the abstract; we must take the terms we have obtained in connexion with this alternative, and any one who shall do so will see abundant reasons to be satisfied with the Treaty as it stands. WTe regret, considering the present state of public business, that the House of Commons has thought fit to adjourn a debate where the argument is all on one side, and the decision by no means doubtful. There has been just enough of difference and opposition to deprive the peace of the prestige of being unanimously agreed to by Parliament, though not enough to raise any serious doubts as to the opinion of the House. The speakers on the Opposition side-Lord Joux MIvNuis and Lord CLAuDu: ILIImToN-are of no great note in their own party, the leaders of which, with the reserve which seems to have become habitual to them, have as yet abstained from taking any part in the discussion. Under such circumstances, we are at a loss to conceive what good result can follow the protraction of a debate which the Opposition so languidly supports, at the same time that it seems unwilling to let it drop altogether.
In England the political pamphlet is a kind of production almost extinct. It is doubtful whether IIAiF;x or Bunxx, if now living, would give their thoughts to the world in the form of an elaborate essay, which a few rmight read and praise, but which would hardly appeal to that great and busy public which the politician wishes to influence strongly and at once. In France, however, it is different: Parliamentary oratory, after a short though brilliant life, is now hushed, and jolurnalism, for a few years so effective, powerful, and daring, now languishes under the pressure of a crushing censorship. Thus, at the conclusion of this great war a Government which desires to vindicate its conduct and remind the world of its triumphs has recourse, as of old among ourselves, to a lengthy and carefully-written rnanifesto, which is a narrative of past events and an answer to expressed or e'xpected objections. A pamphlet, which, in the political language of the day, may be called semi-official, has just been published at Paris. It gives a sketch of what has been done in the late Conferences, points out the advantages gained by the arms and diplomacy of France, and indicates with sufficient clearness what is likely to be the future course of French statesmanship. We need not enlarge on the interest it possesses while our own Parliament is ccocupied in carefully balancing the results of the war. The author reviews briefly the position of Russia after the fall of Sebastopol. Of that great event the world did not immediately perceive all the importalice. The allies had won a brilliant victory, but their enemy had made a not dishonourable retreat, and the two hosts were still face to face, -with apparently still greater difficulties to be surmounted by those who should take the offensive. But the successes of the Sea of Azoff, of Sebastopol, and subsequently of Kinburn, were deadly blows. IRussia had lost in men, resources, and even in self-confidence more than the most sanguine had thought. A Power geographically nearer, and, as a neutral, better informed, more truly appreciated the situation. It was then that Austria entered more completely into the course laid down by the engagements of the 2d of December. The Cabinet of Vienna undertook to present terms to St. Petersburg, strengthened by an zfti,atum, of its own. It was first necessary, however, to learn the conditions on which the Western Powers would treat. NTow, argues the writer, the allies were willing to leave as little as possible to diplomacy. They had had experience of Viennese negotiations in 1853, whichprOduced the famous Note, and a Viennese conference in 1855, in which Prince GosTscHAKopp was able to alternate offers and retractations, as if making sport of Europe. France and England kmnew their power, and would fix their conditions. To those conditions Austria assented, agreed to present them, and promised that if they wYere not accepted within three weeks she would break off all relations with the Court of St. Petersburg, and place her armies in readiness for an approaching campaign. Two merits are claimed for the FIrench Government in arranging this semi-neutral mediation. in the first place, it is urged that the objects of the war were gained, the safety of Turkey secured, the aggression of Russia repressed, for at least a generation. It was laudable, therefore, to consent to peace. But a still higher triumph of France is, that by her arms and policy she madetAustria an ally, and separated two empires bound together by similar institutions, mutual obligations, and common fears of political change. It is also suggested that -credit is due to the representations by which the consent of England was obtamied. England, says the vriter, was little desirous of peace, and less of a peace procured by Austrian mediation. She had commenced the war without preparation; she had seen her armies severely tried, and her credit unworthily depreciated; she had since made gigantic efforts, which were likely to be rewArded -with much success and fame. A ague feeling of disappointment therefore followed the news of anticipated peace. Let it be added to this that I little cordiality existed between London andVienna. The expression of English opinion on the Hungarian war and the doubts Thrown on the sincerity of Austria in Eastern politics had eaused a coldness between the two countries. It was, then, creditable to the skill of Fxance that she obtained the consent of England to treat with a worsted enemy through the medium of a suspected ally, while England herself is worthy of all praise for her public spirit and good faith. Then came the Conferences of Paris. That they should bear this name is an honour for France. Europe baa negotiated abortively at Vienna during three successive years; it was reserved for the French capital to be the scene of a new andhonourable settlement. To England is the credit due of having suggested the chief city of her ally as the fit spot for negotiations. It is anuounced that the neutralization of the Blaclk- Sea was the first point of discussion, and it is shown how the understanding between Austria and the Western Powers was complete before the Conferences were opened. xnto the details of the Treaty it is useless to enter. The French'writershows howhis country and its allies have triumphed. The Russian frontier has for the first time receded. Ismail, the mostglorious conquest of Suv"oR;E, is no longer a Russian fortress, and the Pruth, the scene of PL-rEp's disasters and heroism, now flows through Turkish soil. The CzAR is without a fleet in the south, while Turkey can send her squadrons up to the highest bays of the Bosphorus, ready to dispel even the dream of danger. The declaration of Count ORLOFF inserted in the protocols places the Bug and the Sea of Azoff in the same category as the Black Sea. The protectorate of Russia both over territories and races is for ever abolished, while every outlying province and every Christian people receives fresh gaarantees for liberty. France, says the writer, with great truth, had been in the East too much of a religious partisan. While under her ancient kings she had been looked upon as a protectress of aU Christians, she had ended by narrow endeavours to exalt the Catholics at the expense of the Eastern Churches. Russia had then seized her opportunity and extended her political sway by the action of Greek fanaticism. The lesson has not been in vain; and now through Western influence equal and sufficient rights have been obtained by Christians of every Church. An edict has been published "remarkable for a precision of form and an "elevation of views v'hich bear 'witness to the "influence under which it has been composed." This is a compliment, we know not how far merited, to M. THouvE'' ,2, the French Ambassador at Constantinople. To conclude, the views of the French Government respecting the Danubian provinces are announced. The Cabinet of NArOLEON is still in favour of a union and ant hereditary monarchy. The opposition of the PoRTE has, we think, been applauded by the more soundjudging of our own countrymen, who, in spite of the French writer's arguments, are unwilling to see another Orno on the throne of Bucharest, and the most important territory in Eastern Europe under the sway of a camarilla and a priesthood. Having vindicated the past, the writer attempts to divine the future. Naturally, the contrast between 1855 and 1815 is a fruitful theme for congratulation. The revolutions of Fiance are declared to have been the strength of Russia. A good word is said for the Restoration, but the failures of the July Monarchy are dwelt upon, and it is declared to have been unable to conciliate the Continent, and even to preserve a good understanding with England. The revolution of 1848 is spoken of as might be expected. In fact, ParliamentarFLrance is declared to have been merely a country which haslost " 30 years in the barren discussions of* " party." This unhappy period luaving closed she is able once more to fulfil her niission. She will preserve the alliance with England, which is founded on a just appreciation of the differing qualities of the two nations. Austria is of necessity linked to the Western Powers. The Russian Cabinet is profoundly irritated against its old ally. The Plenipotentiaries of the CzAR at Paris made known their sentiments towards Austria by an attitude which escaped no one's notice. Austria mutst, then, perforce cling to the French alliance. France may then hope that Austrian necessity and Sardinian goodwill will give her a great part to play in Italy. In the North, Sweden is detachel from Russia; in Central Europe Prussia has been obliged to remonstrate with the CzAn, while Saxony and Bavaria have given their adhesion to the policy -which the French EaPERoR has inaugurated. France has recovered all that she had lost by the misfortunes of the first Empire and the aberrations of succeeding Governments. The peace recently proclaimed has placed her in the fins rarnk of the nations, and the press of all countries vies in expressions of gratitude to the Prince who has saved Europe by restoring his own country. Suclh are the arguments and congratulations of a warm friend of the existing rule in F rance. The justice of much that has been quoted must be apparent to all, and the whole production is worthy of perusal by those who wouldclearn what has been done and what maybe anticipated in a land so nearly linked with our own by alliance and interests.
LATEST INTELIGENCE. (BY SUB3AMfZ AND BR.ITISHX TE RA .) RUSSIA. We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent:- " BERM I, Mospv, 3L&r 5. " The Dowager Empress of Russia is at present too unwell to undertake the projected journey to Germany. " Geueral Soukhosauet has been appointed Minister of War. " The appointment of Prince Gortschakoff as Minister for Foreign ifairsf is officially publislhed."
The Mo(ikteur has announced that AT. Charles Baudin, who has filled for upwards of five years the post of principal secretary to the French Embassy in this country, is appointed to the first secretaryship of the French Embassy at St. Petersburg; and we understand that x Baudin will leave London in the course of the w.eek to proceed as Charg6 d'Affaires to Russia. During the eventfLl period which this gentlemau has spent in London no man has laboured with greater zeal and success to pronote the intimate alliance and constant good understandingf between France and England to which we owe the honourable termination of the war. In pmate life M. Bandin had contracted many cordial fiendships; and, in proceeding by the order of his Sovereign to the Court of our late antagonist, he carr.ies with him th best wishes of those who have knowv.n him here, and a full reliance on his attachment to the aliance which he has contributed to cement. The Chancelor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the second half of a 1001.-note:for omitted Income-tax, from "S. C. ;" also of the I first half of a 51.-note for Income-tax and Customs' duties, from " W. E. C. ," also of a check for 71. 12s. 3d. for Income-tax, New Granada Bonas, from "I R. T. B." IqvImsi COLSEGE, Loumox.-The result of the exaoinations for the Faculty of Medicine classes of the -winter term was announced to the Council at their session -en Satuday. The medals, &ac., given as prizesil be presented at the public distribution of the przzes for the entire fsltyat the cloEe of the 2ession in July.
'COTIR! CIRCULAIA The Sheri1 of London snd Middle-zex, Aldermen Kennedy and Rose, accompanied by the City Rememnbrsnocer, had an audience of the Queen yesterday afternoon at Ba?kinglamPalace, to learn Her Majesty's pleaure respect1n the addre.s of the Lord Mayer, Aldtrmen, and Commons o the Citv d of Lmdon on the ~uject of the peace. The Sher.A:r were preient;d to Her Majesty by Sir George Grey, G.C.B., Secretacy of State for the Home Department. The Queen was graciously pleased to appoint Thursday next, a. S o'clock in the afternoon, for the reception at Buckinghba Paace of the address from the Corporation. EHer Majesty was attended by Lord Byron, Lord in Waiting, and Sir Edward Bowater, Groom in Waiting. HIls Royal Highness the P'rince Consort rode on horseback in the forenoon with the Prince of Waleg and Pnince Alfxed. The Princess of Salerno, the Duke and Duchess d'Anmale, and the Pnince and Princess deJoinville visitedIerMajesty in theafternoon. Prince Leopold visited the Zoological Gardens in the Re,,ent's Park Eer Majesty and his Royal Highness t'he Prinoe Consort honoured the Adelphi Theatre with their presence in the evening. In attendance were the Merchioness of Ely, the Hon. Mary Seymour, the Hon. Emilv Cathcart, Lord Byron, Major-General the Hon. Charles Grey, and Captaia Dii P1a-. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attend;ed by lord James 3Murray and lady Fanny Howiard, honouredrthe Princess's Theatre with her presence last evening. The Governor of the Bank of England and the DeputyGovernor had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday at his official residence in Downingstreet. A deputation, consisting of Mr. W. P. Price, ILP. Glocester),3Mr. Crawshayaillie, M.P. (Monmouth), and golonel.Tyte, .P. Bridgeter) had an interview with Lord Stanley of Alderiey Yesterday at the Board of Trade. Meetings of the Oxford University Commission were held at No. 17, Gre&t Qeceen-street, Westminster, on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday last. Present-the Earl of E31esmere, the Earl of Harrowby, Mr. Justice Coleridge, the Hon. Edward Twisleton, the Dean of Wells, and Sir John Awdry. Mr. John Wood, Chairman of the Board of Inland Revenue, and Mr. Presly, Deputy Chairman, haa an interview yesterday with the Chancenlor of the Exchequer. Sir Alexander Spearman bad also an interview with the right hon. baronet. Despatches were received yesterday at the Colonial-office from the Governors of Tasmania, West Australia, Van. couver's Island, Hongkong, and Ceylon. Despatches wtere sent to the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope. A deputation, introduced by the Right Hon. Sir B. HalI and Viscount Ebrington, and consisting of Mr. F. T. Streeten, churchvwarcen of St. Pancras; and Mr. W. D. Cooper, M1r. Orr, Mr. Thurston, Mr. Stubbs, the Rev. IL Littler, and Major-General Pemberton, directors of the poor of the parish; Mfessrs. Cook, their so1icitors- and Mfir flibbard, their clerk, had an interviewv with the ilight HIon. E. P. Douverie yesterday at thc office of the Poor Iaw Board, on the subject of the bills relating to the Amendment of the Poor Lawv, the removal of Irish and Scct,cb paupers, and the public vaccination.
PARLTAMENIARY AKOTICES. EOUSE OF COMd[ONS, TUESInY. MAY 6. -NOTCES OF XOTTOX' V icounu X'aimerston.-To move tbat the notices of motions be postpoueduntil after the adjounred debate upon the treLty of peace. Mr. Davison.-To ask whether the Government wil be disposed to reconsider their decision with respect to an immediate disembodiment of the Irish militia, witlitheview of postpounng sudisembodiment unti the approaching harvest, in order that the soldiers may thereby earn a temporary subsistence, and be induoed to return to their ordinary aTocations. Mr. Lyons Montgomery,-To ask the Secretary to theTrea3cryjii'a steps hare been taken to forward the night mail from Mullingar to Longford by raiL instead of by coach, as at present carried; Aliso,whether he will ly ,upon the table o the house any eonesporence that may bare passed on the subject between the Pot-otffce authorities and the Midland Great Weste Rallway Company. Lord Harry Vane,-To present a petition from the Stockhon andt Diieflrinn Railway Company, and to move that it be referred to tho Select monmmittee on Local Chargesu pon ibipping. . Mr.Walpole,-That a humbleaddressbepresentedto HerMajesty, praying that Her Majesty will be graciously pleased to direct that such modiications may be made in the rules of the national system of educationin Ireland aswiw extendthe advantagesnovrenjoyedbynonrested sebools to any otber than Vested schools now existing, or hereaiter to be established, whatever their regulations may be as to tba mode of religiousinstruction ; provided that no children Shall be compelled to learn any catechism, creed, or formulary to which ay parent or guardian maY object; and provided that the patrons thnlt be willing to place such schools in courexiovwiththe board, topermnit the board's control over boaI s to he usedin general instruction, and to receive officially the visits of the Government tors. Mir.Kennedy,-As an amendment to Mr. Ianpo"e's motion, to move to leave out from the word " that I to the end of the question, in orderto add the wordNs" while this House feels it to be its duty to facilitate the extension of those advantages now enjoyed by schools int connexionvwith the Board of Nationia Education in Ireland to other Fultableschoolsnowe.stigorhereafterto be est%blished,itfeelsit to be equally a duty to express its conviction that no sach extension can be carried into effectual operation, unless it be explicitly avowed and caearly understoed in each such school open to children of different religions denominations that no attempt shali be made toinfluence or disturb the pecunlar religions tenets of any sector denomination of Christians, andthat the ralesthereinbe soexpliit as toremoveall grounds for apprehending any ssch interference witll their re*pectie i clvions principles," -ifr. Fagan,-To move that this House will, at the earliest period hich itarule.wi ll permit, take into consideration a bill having for itE object the total aboltonofthe taxnowleviable inlieu of minster money in eight coroerate tons in Ireland; That. in the meantime, the Hiouse is of opinion that it would be eriously inijurious to the pnblic interest that an unseemly and ineffeetuaS esollict between the Government and the corporations of thoeo eight townls shouldarise in attemPtin6 the recovery of this tax as a rz. 3saac Butt,-To move the following as an amendment to Wtr. P'a6an's resolutions .- Tat, in tbe opinion; ofthisHouse, it is desirable that the tax caleil mninsers' money, now levied in certain cities and towns corporate irx Ireland, for the support of the clergy of the established church. should be abolished That, other proviionsa honld be made for the' urpmodsror which that ta wassimposed' -,That it appears to this House thatisuth proTisions might be made with advantage and propriety, anil in accerdance with andent usago and precedent, by adopting arrangements which would annex to tMl ehurehes in those cities and towns a portion of the revenues of rural p rishesthe cireumnstancen of which would admit of such applicationc That this House is ready to give its early and favourable consideration to a measure for the abolition of ministem' mony, based upon these principles: That it furtber appears to this House that it would be of advantage to empower similar arrangements tolbe made to increase the income of parisbes in other populous and important places in Ireland in which it mayappear desiraMbe to ma ke such increasedprov sion, lM r. Blaek,-To move an additional paragraph to the reoolutions of Mr. Fagan. 31r. L. King,-Bill to render it unnecessary to summon the grand jury at certain courts of criminal jurisdiction. M1r. Murrough,-Select committee to inquire into and report the e r- cumstances connected with the spolation, incarceration, and death of the Maharanees of Nagpore. Sir P. Egerten,-Account of the quantities of cheese imported into the several ports of Great Britain in each month of the yearl l5. Mar. Collier,-Return of all proposals for the consoliaition of the statute law submittedto the Btatute Law Commission by any member of it. Mr. Macartney,-On motion for the second reading of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency (Ireland) Bpil, to move that at tbe rcad 2 second time this day saa months OinERS Or THE DAT. Banlraptcy and Insolvency (Ireland) Bil,-Second reading. West India Loans B1l,-Second reading. Treaty of Peace,-Adjourned debate. National GalUery EiU,-Tlhird reading. Whichwood ForeEt BiU,-Third reading.
M.. ADOLPi'H ADAr.-Ietters from Paris record the sudden death of this well-known music.a composer, of congestion of the brain, on Saturday night, at the a;ge of 53. IL Adam was one of the most popular and vohuminons composers of whom the French stage could boast. After producing a variety of ballets, vaudevilles, and onerettas at minor theatres he made his ddbeLs at the Opera Comiqjne, with a one act opera, Pierrc ci Catherinc, 'which wa successful; and from that time his reputation was insured. Few musicians have evinced such extraordinar facility as M. Adam, wvho would often be engagedi on two or three operas and a ballet simnultaneously. This facility, however, was his bane; and it is probable that, from among his numerous works. only three are likely to outlive their author long-the charming little opera of the hid, the .Postilo de Zdonjumc,az, andthe ballet of Gisdlc which last (as well as the Dicblc a Qu.are) was composed for Carlotta Grs Besides supplying every theatro in Paris vwith inceesant contributions, M. Adam invaded the church and wrote several masses and other sacred compositions. Add to all this, he was suecessivelymusicalfcmdllaoniste for the Corinstituti&lna and tho As semrte Heiono, as wvell aWs berng a constant contributor to other papers, in 1847 1L. Adamn joined to his ether avoeations that of Director of the Theltre Lyrique, where he lost a large part of his fortune. He was, moreover, Prrofessor of Composition at the Conservatoire, and member of the Institute. The variety of his occupations was really astonishing and his industry prodigious. He vas an amiable as wellas a clever man, and a large circle of friends will regret his loss. A more active life than his was possibly never spent; but it is equally possible that had he attempted less he might have done much more for his ar' and for his own enduring fame. DEATh OF TEl WiDOxW OF IEERiy BELL.-On Thursday last, the Ist of May, Mrs. Bell, widow ef Henry Bell, the mas wlho fist propelledavessel by steanm in British waters, died at the Baths Hotel, lelensburgb, on the C]yve, at the advanced age of 86. She had survived her celebrated husband for upwards of 25 years, Bell ha-sing died on the 14th of November, 1830, having been born in the county of Linlithgow in 176711r. Bell's life was not a prosperous one, ana before his dealth his only real dependence was an annuity of 50!. per annum, granted by' the Clyde Trustees, which was not 0mllY continued to his widow, but increased to 100! The closing days of the old lady, therefore, were peacefal and comfortable. She had been connected with the Baths }lot*l, at Helensbulrg, for the long p>eriod of 49 years.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE [A portion of the following appeared ia our aecota edition Dt vesterdwv -1- (By SUBXAlINE AN-D BrnM TLEGRA?E.) We have received the following telegraphiec depat from our Paris correspondent:- " PARIS, MOsNDY, MAY 5, 8 A2.. " The Moniteur publishes a decree, ordering the reduction of 52,000 men in the effective strength of the army." (mEoiM OUn OWN ColrON'DM.-T.) PAEI% SUNDAY, MAY 4, 6 r.m. It would appear that Count Buol, since his return to Vienna, loses no occasion of manifesting his satisfaction with the Emperor of the French, on whose clear judgment, prudence, and moderation he bestows the warmest praise. In truth, if I am to believe what is said, and I have no reason to doubt the fact, there is hardly any limit to his optimism,with hardly an exception, he is in good humour with everybody. HEe declares himself enchant with the conduct of the whole of the Plenipotentiaries, -and above all with Lord CLarendon; he is personally satisfied evenwiththe SardinianPlenipotentiary and affectionatelyrefuses to believe that the Turin (abinet is moved by any other feeling at this moment than in what relates to the sequestration question, which, with a little goodwill on both sides, he is sure of arranging. All this proves that Count Buol is not quite at his ease; that Austria does not think herself in as good a position as she could desire; that sheis to a certain extent isolated; and that she is apprehensive that the moment is approaching when she may have some work on her hands. Austria does not love England, nor the English Government, noranythingthat isEnglish. She has mortally offended Russia, and Russia is not a Power ready to forgive or to forget; and to France, -who has sDared her susceptibilities more than any other, and who has borne with e_xemplary patience her tergiversations and her shortcomings, she now looks wvith an anxious eye. It is thought that the Cabinet of Vienna wil leave nothing undone to forn a close alliance with the Taileries. In token of her goodvill she sends hither one of her Princes to compliment the Emperor and Empress on the birth of an Imperial Prince and on the conclusion of peace. The Archduke 1aximilian leaves Vienna this day for Paris. His stay may extend to a week or more, and he will zee what is to be done. All I can say is, that matters must go very hard with Austria when she covets an alliance with Imperial France. The nomination of Prince Gortschakoff as MEinister of Foreign Affairs proves how Russia is affected towards her. Austria is only beginning to pay her debts. The King of Wurtemberg arrived last night in Paris. His Majesty was received at the Strasburg Railway station by Prince Napoleon, his nephew, Count Bacciochi, First Chamberlain to the Emperor, Count de Segur d'Aguesseau, President of the Board of Directors of the Strasburg Railway, and the other Directors. Four Court carriages were in waiting at the station, and conducted His Majesty to the Pavillon Marsan, where apartments had been prepared for his reception. The King travels umder the name of Baron de Teck, and is accompanied by a numerous suite, consisting of the principal officers of his household. I cannot affirm whether the visit of His Mfajesty at this moment has any political object. Those who are in the secret of affairs, or ought to be, declare, with every appearance of sincerity, that politics have nothing whatever to do with the presence in the French capital of the oldest of Eturopean sovereigns after an absence of so many years. There had been rumours of a marriage negotiation. in which Prince Napoleon was a party interested; there are few or none now. You are aware that the :King of Wurtemberg is the brother-in-law of Prince Jerome, and consequzenztly the uncle of Prince apoleon and of the Princess Mathilde. His Iajesty had been invited to Paris by the Emperor at the period of the Exhibition; the cause of his not accepting -was indisposition. It is said that he has been again invited, and this time oauld not refiuse. The reason assigned by the King himself is, not any intense longing to see this fair capital, though in every respect worthy of the presence of Royalty, but a very great desire to see the remarkable man whose supelior intelligence he has learnt to admire, who has restored order and prosperity in a cotuntry which was on the brink of ruin, who has conferred great benefits on Europe at large, and who has just acquired additional titles to respect and admiration. Of course, he will be prodigal in his congratulations on the event which has added to the domestic happiness of the Emperor. His Majesty,. though necessarily attended by a numerous suite, will maintain his incognito; he will hold no receptions, will receive no diplomatic visits, affect no state, and will leave Pa-is as soon as he has had his causeries amicoles with the Emperor. How long the cat.series may last I know not. AUSTRIA. (FROM OVR OWN COnRaOSNDENZT.) VIE4NNA, MY 1. The evacuation of the Danubian Principalities has already begun, but it is believed that the whole army of occupation will not have returned to this country before the beginning of October. The Austrian troops in Wallachia and Moldavia originally consisted of two corps, each two divisions, or four brigades, strong; but it is said that orders have been issued to reduce each corps to one division, or two biigades. AK Vienna correspondent of the Frankfort Post Zeitung states that eight months will elapse before the DanubianPrincipalities are entirely free fr-om foreign troops, but the whole of the Turkish territory, including Moldavia and Wallachia, must be evacuated within sh. months from the day on which the treaty of peace was signed. We learn that the R ussian army is to be completely reorganized, and the regiments divided into four or five battalions of 1,000 or 1,200 men each, as is the case in this coumtry. Some time ago the Consistories of the Lutheran and Calvinist confessions requested the M1inister for Ecclesiastical Affairs to inform them whether the arrangements recently made by the bislhops for the interment of the non-Catholic subjects of His MIajesty were approved by Government, and information has nowv been given me that an " unsatisfactory answer" was a day or two since received by the distressed applicants. As you will easily conceive, the arbitrary conduct of the Roman Catholic hierarchy has given great offence to the nonCatholics, but persons who are informed of what is passing behind the scenes affirm that the episcopal circular of the 25th of February was not forwarded to the inferior clergy until it had met with the approval of some of the most influential persons in the realm. The cemetery question is the beginning of a conflict between the different Christian confessions, the issue of which no one can pretend to foretell. A few years since Roman Catholics, Protestants, and members of the Greek Church lived together in perfect harmony; but the seed of discord has been sown, and since the publication of the Concordat the relations between the different confessions have umdergone a great change. The Ultramontanists teach the Austrian Roman Catholies to avoid all intercourse -with heretics, and the Protestants and Greeks are not inclined to look with a vely friendly eye on their fellowChristians. The priests never liked to see their parislhioners in the service of Jews; but it is pro- aDetathlower classes of P.maoCthlisail now receive instructions from the pulpit not to take Service in Protestant and Greee families. Duinin the year 1848 there was sad po l itical disunion in this country; but it appears to me that the present religious schism is likely to be a much more serious matter. A day or two since wve learned from f Turin that a change was about to be made in t'he S-ardian press laww, and now rumours are in circulation that there is to be a complete " change 'of sYstem" in Piedmont. It is related that Louis Na Noleo e has Promised the Pope to induce Sardinia I Spain to make concessions to Rome; but no gireat ipPOrtance can be attached to such news, cominn, as it does, from AAstrian sources. The Oester reicclisclc Zlitunq, whichil is in cosmexion -with the Finance DePartment, contains a leaer non the position of the Danubian Steama Navigation iCompany which cannot fail to produce a disP.,gzeeable impression on its timorous share- liolddrs. The sense of the article is that, thougth 5t is impossible to prevent the formation of foreign companies for the navigation of the Danube, "c it *i be the fault of the Austrian company if its iivals xhould prosper." The assertion of the Vienna paper is perfectly correat, as you will see by the iolowing account, 9f the state of the statu of the company:-In 1855 the receipts were 9,269,148ff. The outlay for vessels, insurance, management, &c., was 7,001,679fl. ; interest paid at 5 per cent. to shareholders, 779,405fl.; reserve fund, 279,61f.1 ; superdividend to shareholders, 1,190,447fl.; total, 9,269,148fl. By the foregoing it is to be Eeen that the shareholders got about 13 per cent. for their money, and therefore the company is in a position, if necessary, so toreduce its tariff that successful foreign competition is almostiimpossible. The Austrianshave from time immemorialbeen accustomed to receive a large remuneration for little work, and consequently they tremble at the very idea of having to compete with such enterprising, business-like people as the English and French. The Austrian Steam Navigation Company talks of demanding indeninfication from Government for the loss of its exclusive right to navigate the Danube; but it will, if wise, relinquish the idea, as Baron Bruck is a man who does not understand such nonsense. The Credit Foncier (Immobilien Gesellschaft), which wil receive a new concession, and continue its business witha capital of 50,000,000fl., held a general meeting on Tuesday, at which it was made knownthat a dividend of 5l, per cent. would be paid. The bureau of the abovementioned company is in the house which I inhabit, but little or nothing is known to me and the rest of the world of its affairs. The estabhishment has hitherto studiously avoided publicity, but now that it is about to take the field as a great national institution the same system cannot possibly be maintained. The "LInmobilien Gesellschaft" is a joint-stock company, but no business was ever done on 'Change in its shares. PBRUSSIA. (FROME OUR O0W COiRRSPONDENT.) BERLIN, MAY 3. The following is a translation of the speech which the King delivered this afternoon on closing the Chambers "Illustrious, Noble, and dear Sirs of both Houses of the Diet,- "When, five months back, I bade you welcome from this piace, European relations were still involved in the gravest complications. Their issue was stil shrouded in the obscurity of the future; and it was not impossible that dangers and sacrifices, which the gracious providence of God had till then averted from our country, might have been in store for us. Since then, in consequence of the wise moderation of the belligerent Powers, the long-desired work of peace has been happily brought to a conclusion, with the co-operation andc common consent of my Government. " The high prices of the main necessariesof life, which in the commencement of the winter filled my heart with care and anxiety, have been felt to a painful extent in every province of the monarchy. There have, however, been to my great satisfaction, many openings for remunerative labour. Everywhere that dearth or scarcity was to be apprehended my Government has been unremitting in its endeavours to anticipate and prevent the evil, and has met with powerful assistance-one that must be recognized with every feeling of gratitude-in the ready andwilling liberality of my people. Sincethen, in consequence of the realization of our aspirations for peace, the prices of the necessaries of life have considerably sunk, and we may venture to indulge in the expectation of a satisfactory harvest, which, should God bless the land with it, will put an end to the scarcity. " Your labours, gentlemen, in the session which we are now closing, have shown themselves fruitful and successful in many important branches of legislation. " With your co-operation it has been possible to improve our charter in various essential points. "The legislation for the communes, in aU provinces of the monarchy, has also been materially advanced. " The law regulating the local authorities in rural districts in my Eastern Provinces wiU, I trust, contribute to the settlement of the organization of the rural police in a maimer which, while it carefully respects old institutions, will develope itself in a manner in unison with the requirements of the present time. " In the law for the valuation of landed estates, on the occasion of the customary partition of inheritances, in Westphalia, a method has been found by which the injurious breaking up of landed property into small plots may, wvithout violation of the primitive customs still prevalent amog that portion of the population, be counteracted. "In the framing of the laws on occasion of some changes inthe penal and correctional legislation, as well as in the course of proceeding observed by the highest court of law in the country, the varied and manifold experience that has been obtained in the course of many years' practice has met with due consideration. " The proposals for tho construction of important lines of railway in various portions of the monarchy have met at your hands with ready votes of the necessary funds for their construction or for the guarantee of dividends. These enterprises give rise to well-founded expectations of the future prosperity of those tracts of country. "In the same way the laiv- for introducing one standard weight for the whole country will be of most advantageous results, not only to internal traffic, but also to all our commercial relations with the rest of the Zollverein. " By means of the arrangement that has with your consent been come to with the Bank of Prussia this grand national monetary institution will be enabled to meet the requirements of traffic and commerce, while at the same time the credit of the State is protected against the dangers which, in unusual conjunctures, might be the result of a large unfunded debt. " For the Hohenzoflern territory,the prosperity of which, as our most recent acquisition, is the favourite object of my special care, you have discussed and passed various special laws, which will contribute to the improvement of the state of things there, and serve at the same time as a fresh proof of the unremitting solicitude of my Government. "You have subjected the budget that was laid before you to a carefuil and thorough investigation. In giving your constitutional consent, as you have, to the various estimates without alteration you have recognized that thc expenditure has been apportioned with conscientious economy to the wants of the State. The same consideration has led you to vote the extraordinary addition to various taxes for this year also. In the interest of the taxpayers ny Government will willingly relinquish the continuance of this additional tas, if the preservation of the balance between income and expenditure can be maintained in the budget without increase to the National Debt. " A further portion of the 30,000,000 raised to meet the extraordinary requirements of the army has been spent this year for the purpose for which it was raised. When you next meet again the necessary accounts of the expenditure shall be laid before you; and, at the same time, your consent will be asked for the defiaitive application of the balance that may remain available after the arny has been restored to the peace footing. " Gentlemen,-You will now return to your homes, and on the approaching celebration of the peace you will with my whole people offer up to the JKing of Peace thanks and praise, that He has put an end to baneful war, and has in mercy preserved our country from its miseries. Do you all of you, each in his own peculiar circle, strive that with peace" and unity a conciliatory and a brotherly spirit may obtain more and more, so that our fatherland may in rich and ample measure enjoy the blessings of peace, and in enlightened competition with nations with whom we are connected by the ties of affinity and amity impart to it a life-giving development. Let this, iUustrious, noble, and dear Sirs-let this be our prayer, let these be our resolutions on the festival of peace ! "For your faithful and unremitting labours receive, in conclusion, my thanks and my grateful acknowledgment," ITALY. (FRoM ouIR OWN coxRnEsPoiN-DmNT.) TURIN, APRIL 30. The event of most importance for this country withini the Iast few days has been the return of its representative at the Paris conferences. Yesterday afternoon Count Cavour arrived here from Paris, and almost immediately after was admitted to a private audience with His Majesty, which lasted more than an hour. The King, it is said, received his Minister literally with open arms, and further, to prove his perfect satisfaction, with his own hands placed the collarof the order of the "Aninciata" round CountCavour's neck. This decoration is the highest honour in the gift of the Sovereign of this country, and, strictly speaking, Count Cavour, although of noble family, has not sufficient quarterngs to entitle him to it, so that the innovation has occasioned as much horror among the Codini as the idea of a life peerage did in the British House of Lords. To-day MI. Cavour attended the Chamber of Deputies, and 3N. Bufla, after welcoming him on his return and congratulating him on the fame which ho had gained by his conduct at the conferences, begged the President of the Council to name a day on which he would be prepared to answer certain questions regarding the proceedings of the Paris conferences, and produce documents regarding the same, as the protocols published had not given entire satisfaction to the party to which he (tM. Buffa) belonged. Ml. Cavoiur thanked the last speaker for his courteous expressions, and said he would be prepared on Taesida next to answer any questionS on tko mibjee, but} ax to the papers; many had riot arrived, and some were strictly confidential. He trasted however, the House would be satisfied with wlhat he should have it in his power to lay before it. M. Brofferio then said that he had also intended to make interpellations on this matter, but would now content himself by demanding the. right to speak immediately after the Minister. An address has been presented to M. Cavour, signed by almost all the Neapolitan and Sicilian 6migres resident in Turin and Genoa, thanking him for his exertions on their behalf, or rather on behalf of their country, at the conferences. They say theywish to testifytheirgratitude to him, "whatever the result may be," and similar addresses are said to be on their way from other parts of Italy, wherever men dare to put their names to such an instrument, which will prove that the people of Italy recognize Sardinia as the defender of Italian interests, whatever their Governments may say to the contrary. Several electiorns have taken place lately in Piedmont, consequent upon the promotion of military officers, as by the law here officers who are members of the Chamber of Deputies must be re-elected on promotion,just as if they accepted a Government situation; but, although the Reactionist party made violent efforts, the Ministerialcandidates have invariably been successful. Two brigades, those of Generals Fanti and Cialdini, have arrived from the Crimea. The former is at Spezzia, and the latter at Villafranca, and they are both at present in quarantine; but, on account of their very healthy state, it is understood their time of probation is not to be long. They amount altogether to about 6,000 men, and some, if not all, will be brought up to Turin for the " Festa" of the Constitution next month. General della Marmora and the head-quarters are expected about the middle of May. Letters from Malta gFve the most satisfactory accounts of the Anglo-italian Legion. They hadl earned and obtained the highest praises from Sir William Reid and General Pennefather, and had volunteered, almost to a man, for service in the British colonies on a fresh engagement, their present contract being only until the 30th of March next. As might have been expected from the publicity given to its intentions, the Austrian Government has now abandoned the idea of sending troops to the western frontier of Parma, and the Parma Gkzette, received to-day, officially denies the reports current on the subject with a solemnity which is no doubt intended to lead its readers to suppose that no such movement everwas meditated. That it was planned, however, to occupy certain points is a fact beyond dispute, d that the present change of tactics is in consequence of orders direct from Vienna is equally certain. A letter from Milan says that orders have been given for forming camps of instruction next month in the Lombardo-Veneto provinces, and adds that the fact in itself has no importance, as it is the custom every year to have such camps in one part or another of the country; but they are usually formed in the autumn, and therefore the change of season, combined with the critical state of Europe, has caused the present order to be remarked upon.
THE CORN TRADE. CORN EXCHANGE. LARK*-hANE. LKY 5. The arrivals last week were liberal, especially of foreiga wheat, flour, and oats. The exports were trifling-viz., 40 quarters of wheat, 7 quarters of oats, 20 quarters of beans and 88 sacks of flour. The English wheat amounted to 7,971 quarters, the foreign to 20,329 quarters. About one-third of this was low quality, from India; another third Spanish and Mlediterranean; the remainder from Hamburg, America, and the Baltic. The morning's supply from Kent and Essex was rather short, but of fair quality. Red wheat was in best demand, and sold at full prices, or some enhancement; hut white was less sought. The demand for foreign was fair, bht no advance could be noted in quotations. The supply of couatry flour was 15,175 sacks; that from abroad consisted of 5,228 sacks, mostly from Spain, with 8,498 barrels of American, of which 1,700 barrels were from Havre; the quotations of last week were supported for all qualities, but sales were slow. Of English barley there arrived only 1,863 quarters, but from abroad there were 5,679 quarters, principally Danish. The malting season closing, Is. less money was taken both for English and foreign samples; the latter being difficult of sale. lNo alteration took place in the value of malt. Oats were in quantity-viz., 1,867 quarters of British, 16,090 quarters of Irish, and 28,583 quarters of foreign; in all, 46,540 quarters. Picked sweet samples were scarcely cheaper, but low sorts and those out of condition were reduced Gd. to Is. per quarter. The only foreign beans consisted of 1,600 quarters from Egvpt, the home-grown being 723 quarters. The entire supply of peas was only 63 quarters, and trade was steady at firm rates. The arrivals of linseed were considerable-viz., 15,457 quarters, witli 1,911 quarters exported. With some buoyancyin business, prices were Is. to 2s. per quarter higher. Little was passing in seeds, the demand being entirely re- tail. Cloverseed, hempseed, rapeseed, canaryseed, and other i kinds remained without change. Account of Corn arrived in London from Anril 2s to Mav 3. UUERIENT PRICES OF BRITISH GRAIN A.ND FLOUR IN4 MTARKC-LANE. Wheat-Essex and Kent, white, new 61t.1etr. o7 Ditto, red, new ...... 59 -65 - -72 Norfolkr, Lincolnshire, and Yorkshire, Bre-red, new. . 59 -64 - - 'I ?ade- alting, new .. .. ..40 - 43 Chevalier .. .*. .41 -43 Distilling * 36 - 9 Grinding . 33 -35 Malt- Essex, Norfolk, and Suffolk .. 3-75 -- 81 Kingston, WVare, and town-miade .73 - 75 --81 Brown * 65 - 68 Rye * - -48 Oats- Egls feed . 21 -n Potato * 22 -25 -Sootch feed, new.. 23 -24 Ditto, old .. 24 - 27 Potato 242 Ditto, black . is8-19 -20 Beans- Mazagan . .335 3 Ticks. . . . 32 -35 Harrow.35 -38 Pigeon.eS37-f l Pea- WhiteoolleTs.40 44 'Alaple ~~~~~42 -44 Gra ~~~~~~34 -35 Flour- Town-ma.de, persk. of 2801b.. Househds.- 60 fine 635-65 Country.47 - 49 Ditto, households.50 - 52 Nrokand Suffolk. ex ship . 47 -48 FOEBXIGN GRAIN. Shillings per quarter. IThea-ssoe.~d 8 to 82 high mixed - - 82 ext.- to 35 78-::80 - -3 --8 35 Rosteck,new..72-73 fine -76 -84 Asnerean,hite72 - 4 red - -- 60 -66 Pomea.,Meeb.,and Uceek,rd78 - 79 SO - 82 Silesra,red.. 74 -7 wht . 78 -79 60 -6 CA 60 68 burg, &Riga ..62- 64 fine G o 63 Harley-Grinding . . . 2 -35 Distilling and Polands *36 -38 Ditto. feed ..~~~~~0 -22 Danish an Swedish eed ., .,20 22 Beans- d'ie and HroGlsen 22 243 Konigsbe3g. .. 36 Pea- yptia .. 28 -30 re3&- ~~~~~35 -36 Finebozisra .. ~~~~~42 -44 IndianCorn-White.. 32 33 lu -S Yellow . .. . .. . .. 32 -34 ForSpanish, per sack. 49 - 5 American, sour, per barrel .3.- 35 Ditto, sweet, ditto 36 38 B3RITISH SEEDS Cloverseed, red per ewi. 65 80S Ditto! white.70 -99 Trefoil, per ewt..4 Caraway, per cat, new ~50 - Cske,perfon.~~~~~~6 10?7 0 Cloverseeilred, Frenelh.REG EMa.6CO- 70 Ditto,whsite, Dutch .. 70 -90 Tares per bushel .. r.-80,60. Henmpseed, per qr.--Sxoall .. - Coriander, per ext.15- 0 Caraway ..~~~~~~~~. . . 412-146 Linee, er qr.- Balto .. 52 -57 Cakce,per ton .. 52-682l' Bapeseed, Dotch.87 - $
THE TEA TRADE, ATAY 5.-The deliveries in London estimated for the week were 607,8841b., being a decrease of 23,781b. as compared with the previous statement. [Advertisement.]-" Memoirs of the Conut of the Regenc%from Original FamnilyDocuments.n By the Duke of Backingharn and Chandos. KG.. 2 vole. This work isjust published by eesss.- Hfurst and Blackett4 and may be had'of alt bookselers. Among the subjects elucidated m these volumes will be found-The Personal History of the Pince of Wales, with notices of his Principal friends, public an private-the Career of the Princess of Wales. at Home and Abroad-the Last Great European Coalition against Napoleon-the Vist of the Sovereigua to Eogland-the Conduct of the Princess Charlotte-Sheridan at Csalton-honseathe Private Negotiations of the fnrqnisWelUesleyand Mir. Canning-the Secret Policy of the Cabinet -Rouian Intrigues-Proceedings of Viscount Castlergh anid the Duk}of Wellinaton Le.
MONBY-MAJBLTand VITYrNTELLWGCOB. Monday.Evenig . The confidence inspired on Saturday by the postponement of the loan and theexpected reduction in the army estimates has been well maintained today, and the English funds have experienced a further recovery of three-eighths per cent. Consols for money, which left off on Saturday at 92g, were first quoted 92i to j, whence, under the influence of speculative purchases for June, together with operations in connexion with the settlement of the approaching account, they advanced to 924 to 93, at which they remained to the close. For the 4th of June the last official price was 93k, and after regular hours there was a fresh advance of an eighth. Bank Stock, 2104 to 212; PReduced, 9iZ- to ; New Tlhee per Cents., 92k; India Stocic, 226 to 229; India-bonds, lOs. to bs. discount; and 3ceur par; (June), 8s. to 4s. discount. The operations in foreign securities were comparatively limited, but prices in some cases exhibited a slight tendency to improvement. Turkish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 97 and 97j for money, and 977, J, and ; for the account. The general business comprisea-Granada New Active at 18 ex. coupon June, 1853; the Deferred, 6j; .. Mexican, for account, 221 and +; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 95; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 244 to 25; the Passive, 70-; Venezuela, 28iK; the Deferred, 12i and 13; Austrpan Five per Cents. (not payable in London), 84; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 94 and 93X~. In the corn-market this m~orning an advance of between Is. and 2s. was occasionally obtained. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 75f. for money and 75f 40c. for the end of the month. showing a further advance of an eighth per cent. The French rate of exchange remains firm, and at Hamburg and Holland the quotations are exhibiting a renewed tendency to improvement. Money at Paris and at several other continental cities has become comparatively plentifuL The Thames, the Statesman, and the Albatros have arrived from Port Philip, and the Ellenborough from Sydney, bringing together 75,029 ounces of gold, valued at 300,1161. The following letter relates to the approaching peace rejoicings*- *S Sir,-As it now appears certain that the 29th inst. has been fieed upon by Government as the occasion for the display of the fireworks and illumninations, might I take the liberty of suggesting, through the medium of your journal, that that day should be set apart as a general holydayX * I am sure the comupliance of the authorities with this request wrould give general satisfaction to the whole country. TI enclose my card, and have the honour to be, "4Sir, &c., With regard to the above, it may be stated that, although a close holyday was ordered when the mismanagement in the Crimea induced the Government to decide upon a day of fasting and humiliation, it is understood they do not contemplate any similar atep forthe day of rejoicing. The matter, however, issaid to have been taken up by the Lord Mayor, who has to-day been concerting measures writh the Committee of Bankers to make the day as much a holyday as possible. The belief is that Liverpool, Manchester, and all the provincial towns will follow the example, and it is intended to urge upon every employer that there should be no stoppage of wages. Still, under any circumstances, much inconvenience must arise from the necessity of some persons being in attendance at banldng aud other establishments to meet acceptances or any other claims that mnay casually be presented, since it is only by the co-operation of the Government that arrangements in that respect can be rendered complete. The difficulty in the case appears to be that which has arisen in every instance where a public ceremonial, or the circumstance of Christmas-day falling on a Sunday, has rendered it desirable to fix a national holyday. According to the act of the 7th and 8th of George rv. the occasions on which public holydays can be declared by proclamation are limited to " solemn fasts or days of thanksgiving ;" and, as the Government do not seem to think that the 29th wvill be a day of thanksgiving within the meaning of the act, it would he necessary to pass a new act on the occasion. It has been repeatedly suggested that everything necessary might be attained, and a great deal of commercial inconvenience and uncertainty prevented for the future, if a measuire were proposed simply to alter the wording of the existing statute, so that it might run,-" Solemn fasts, days of thanlksgiving, or days of public observance ;" but, although every one appears to agree upon tha point, nothing is done, and when a necessity for action sorts of inquiries to be instituted, and notices to be issued from the Exchequer, the Bank, the Custom-house, Post-office, and elsewhere, before the public can arrive at a conclusion as to the plans they should make. An interesting paper relating to the external commerce of British India has just been printed by Colonel Sykes, the Chairman of the East India Company. The excess of exports over imports is constant, owing to the gradual improvement in the producing powers of the country and the small wants and hoarding habits of the natives in their present low stage of civilization. The average excess of exports for the last five years has been nominally 7,965,0001., but, as the bullion annually taken is put down at 3,799,0001., all beyond the latter sum may possibly arise merely from the discrepancies of official valuations. WVith regard to the uninteriupted absorption of bullion, Colonel Sykes mentions that within the present century India has received above 100,000,0001., which has never subsequently left the country. He adds that during the 19 years ending 18534 the sum of 42,000,0001. has been coined in the Indian mints, and that old coins have been called in or paid in to the value of more than 20,000,0001., making a total coinage of 62,250,000!. Complaints are made that the guaranteed interest oni the Zealand Railway, due on the 1st instant, has not been met. It is stated that the line was handed over at the end of last year to the Danish Government, who were thenceforth bound to pay interest to the shareholders at the rate of 4 per cent., but that, owing to some unexplained circumstances between themselves and the contractors, the proper provision has not been made. It will be desirable, for the credit of the Danish Government, that some justification of the neglect should be made public. The Acadian Iron Company have notified that, owing to the delay in passing the new Joint Stock Companies Act, they intend to avail themselves of the existing law of limited liability. Under this arrangement the capital must be in 101. shares, and not 5!., as proposed. The departures fiom the port of London for the Australian colonies during the past week have comprised six vessels-three to Port Phillip and three to Adelaide-with an aggregate capacity of 4,063 tons. The rates of fieight remain without material alteration. At the Court of Bankruptcy to-day the choice of assignees under the estate of Mr. W. 0. Young was perfected.
TRADE REPORT. Monday Evening. TALYow.-The market is fin, at 45s. 3d. on the spot and 45s. 6d. for the last three ionths. Annexed are the statistics of stocks and prices:- A .5RvALS ror rTE WErE_ Rus DS Austr-ali ..2. Other places .. Total .. .. .. .. .. 1,004 With regard to the general state of the trade Messrs. Col(hester and Nephew rermark :- " The tallow-market has l een veryquiet thoughout the week, and lowerprices have 1 een accepted. A very considerable business has, however, I een done at the reduced quotations, and all tallow offering Jor the end of the year was taken off on Saturday. The re] orts of the new supply of tallow have been the main cause (f this decline; t'hey vary considerably; some stat, 125,000 (asks, and others as igh as 145,000. These estimates, of course, include the wintering tallow at St. Petersburg and tlie Prnssian ports. We are inclined to thirnk the former statement nearer the trath. Price3 are well maintained at Et. Petersburg, as by last advices 134 roubles was paid for August delivery, with 10 roubles down; this would cost very much above our present rate. To-day the market is firmer for delivery in the last three months, 45s. 6d. ha'ing been' paid for that period; hut for immediate delivery from the ships just arrived 445 9d. would be aceted. 4-Ss. is paid for Y. C. O. the spot, 44s. for beef Austra'lian, 45s. 6d. for sheep. 46s. is demanded for town tallow net cask There is no Soutih American tallow for sale.
PAILT7AY A-VD MlNMG SHAEXS. ,1onday Evening. The railway-market was steady to-day, with an increase in business, and prices generally towards the close' exbibited firmness. There was not much activity in foreign descriptions, but quotations on the average were firuly supported. Operations were limited in miscellaneous shares, and in some cases there -as a tendency to heaviness. Ottoman Bank closed W to I pm. ;Bank of Egypt, to pm.; Western of London, 4i to 4k diS.; London and Paris, 3i to 24 din.; SAliance Bank, 2 to 1 is.; lational I)iscount Company, j to * din.; Riga IRailway, 1 to t pm.; and LoombardoVenetian, (TpAPV
tETIZOPOLITIN CATTLE-MARKET, May 5. Thearrival of cattleand sheep into the port of London froM the c3ntinent during the past week has been again limited. The Customhouse return gives in entry of 179 oxen, 3S calves. and 299 sheep maling a total of 516 hed. The supplies of meat at this market to-day were Tatber large of the leading descripons;, and although the weather conUtinues highly faour. abe to the keeping of Stck and a large consmption, nevertheless budner. ruled slow for everything, at nst Eriday's prices. OE beeE thera was a supply or nearly 4,2[0 headofbeasts. 5he trade vas dull, ut atsteadyrates. Scots made4s. 84. per stone. Of mutton and lamb the arrivas comprsed ulLy 23,000 head, and of the former the proportionwas rather large. 2duttonsold at former rates but slowly: lamb went off steadily. pork and veal wvere both firm in price, without any brislmemin tho tone of trade. Comparatire Statement of Prices, and Supply of Cattle at Malret. 'Mhi. A -A- Msf - 1-.1
HOP-MARKET, Zfonday, Maty 5. The market remainsmuchti the samo stateasof late. Theres a. fair amount of demand, artly for consonptiou rnd partl specullati[e, and the currency is fully support.-d for the better ela.e o sampler-la fact, for all sound and useful lops. Tne continuance of coldnoheasterly wind chocks almost entiely tho peogrem of the growing bin, aud planters, from the preacut unfavotsrable appearauce of their grounds. are much disposed to withdraw their hops from offer; hence the supply on the market is of course extremely limitedL
[Advertisrnentj-Books for the Country.-Reader, have you ever seen any of thisseries? If not, they are practical an nd uul booke, publiahed for universal circulation, in 3g. volumue or post free for 14 sta4mps each comprising a complete subject, excellently ilustrated with woodcuts byT our beet artjsts, and well written by comn-- petent autbors. The aries noDw contan-J Anlig adWhr to Go,' by Blakey : "P igeons and EabI=1 *" '*~ :d d1Wemp e "TheKitcen Garden"land "TboFlDwcrGarden"by P.S. Delamer, "The Poultry Yard." by Mifss R Watte " Small Parm&." by Madrin I)oV;"CaeanSin-gigBirds," by ii ..Adams: "TheHEoTe." by Fouatt and Cecil: "8hooting,"byPIt. lakey; `Bees,"by thaelir. J. G. Wood; and "The Pix,'" "8beepr,I and "Cattlc," by W. 0. Li. )fartrn.-LcdoD. George Itontltdge and Co., rarringdon-steet,. Aud all bookeelers andraiay- aloa IAdvrtiamen.b. __hope'sLondon Magazine?' for 3bY yeentntheconinutio ofSilereni Toy iterstig tle ~fthe triasoftrehneetoor nLidon,enttled"HolItoes;"allof
SALES BY AUCTION. Intermediate Periodical Sle.-Shares in the Anglo-Romano Gas Com- -vany. London offices. 1. New Broad-street, city. N G. . SHUTTLEWORTH is instructed to 17. SELI by AIUCTION, at the Mlart, on Friday. Mtay16. at 12, in lots. TWOTHUNDRED SHARES of 10 each, paid in full. in the City of Rome Gas Company. The dividends payable from 21st June to 3Ist December. 1835, was 5per cent. Particulars may be obtained at the Mrart. and of 3Mr. G. E. Shuttlewortb. IS. Poultry. Kingsland.road. JV 'R. R . E. TUJREN.R is instructed to SELL by AUCTION. on the Premises, 4, Acton-place. Kingsland-road, TlHlS DAY, Bray 6, at 12, HEOUSEROLD FUIR.NITURE, comprising four-post and other bedsteads, feather beds and bedding, mahogany wardrobe. mahogany and rosewood chairs, couch, dining, loo, card, aud otber tables, china, glaus, and effects. 'day be viewed, and catalogues had at the auctioneer's offices, 14, Acton-place, Kingsland-road, andu Fiosbury-place. Finsbury-seqiare. To Gentlemen. Florists, and others. 'JlESSRS. PROTHEROE and MIORRIS will SELL JJI by AUCTION. at the tart, on Thursday, Blay 8, at 12, a firstrate COLLECTION of CAIINATIONS, piccotees, and pinks, choice fubskias. and verbenas. fine azalea Indica. geraniums, and otber plants in bloom, writh an assortment of ornamental plants for bedding. On view the morning of sale. Catalogues had at the Mrt, and of the autioneers, merican nmsery, Leytonstone, Essex. id, Park-terrace, Regent's-park.-To Grocers, Fixture and Furniture Dealers. &c. -IjR. IcDCNALD will SELL by AUCTION, on Ilf the Preamises as above, on Thursday, May 8, at 1 precisely, the aesnaining part of the HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, stoclr in trade, trade fixtres and business utensils of a grocer and Italian Warehotiseman, relinquish- the business. May be viewed the lay prior, and catalogues had at the auctioneer's offices, 41, Baker-street, Port. man-sqluare. In Eankruptcy.-To Printers, Printera Brokers, alt others. t/ ESSRS. DEJ S and EYSELL will SELL by .JJT A0CTiO, on thePmiseRos, aabv, BTh-street, Neway tstre, on12 iThurdy MayC15,by onrtder of -the As,sigune etofe M r. U. Dewing, the CONPTENITS of a PRITISnG OFICE; comprising a quantity of Ges,ol jobbing type, nearly new, iron presses, glazed boords, lithocraphic presses and stones, and a quantity of useful effects. Catalogues to be had of c Lee. Esgq., ofritial assgnee, Aldermanbuy or the paee maues: and of the auctioneers, 35, Camomile-street. Bishop.gats. eo. 14d, AIders'ate-street.-To the Boot, Shoe, and Leather Trade. M SRRS. J6HASON nill SELL by public AIC byLTION at hiO Rooms as above, To-morrow C ayn7ty, atl 2, 10.880 PAIRWS of BOOTS and SHOES; comprising l'ettington, Prince G,eorge. N;apoleon, side spring and gentl ~men's button boots, prime calf and kip bMychers and o1onifar. lsdies' kid legoi, hanmere, cloth coUtilte, andpmoier antique beets, patentgalbert, carpet, ndbuck slippers, and children's boots adshoes; alos an assortment of leather, a 4-feet Drew's patent cooking range, and other effedrs. My be vietwed, and batalosue v hai of the asytioneer 1d3, aIlderseats-street. To Fuxblilans and othera.-Househotd Furnitue, Fittigos of a Pubhc- house. 152 lb. of foreien Havannah and other Cigars. fESSRS. HAeTusOND iand EILOART will SEBLL 1 IO by AUCTIONh . at tneir great Rooms, 28. Chancery-lane. on thueTdala, My 8, at 12 for 1. some good secoEd-hand FUaIteTUbEi bedsteads, bedding, tables, eharl boolcases, de. also the fittinhLs of a public-house, nix-pulll beer engine, bar c.abinet, counter, gas-fittings, Shandelier, stoves, glass, pots, &e., and about lS2 lb. of foreys, Havandah and other cigars, in lets from 2 to6lb., to suit private buyers. On view the day prior, and catlof gues ready. Eligible Leasehold Insvestment, at IHoxton. 3jj7R. BAI2j has been favoured wFith instrIlletiOns ticlrs a te Trnintees of the 3lte yteoeph Hedrcy, req., to SELL by AUCTION, at the M1art, on Friday. Mlaye16, at 12 o'cloek, n tCo lots, t'e valuable LEASEHpOLD of E,IGHT HOUiSeaS, situate and being os. 1. 2, 3,4, 5, nsad 6, HtedCyIelace, and 51 and 52. iFholas-streat, St. Jeohns-road, lotLonD hela lor An uneIpied term of 32 years, at a ground rent of i30 per annm. The propSerty in vell situnte, and in excellent repair, producing a rental of 1e 7s. Per annbm. For par. ticulars and conditions of sale apply to 31essrs. vruce and Sons, soliwds to s, 10, E:illitrhr-uare; or to the aratieneer. at his oftices, 7. Coleman- -trekt. city. and li, * f'indmill-place, Camberserl. Iilarylebone.-s capital liquor-shop and Wvine -aults at the corner of Union-street and Clevetnd-street. Fitzroy-square. nei hboShoo.,FIELD and FAl T rFULL are directed _ 7b I.Smith, the proprietor, to SE1L by AUCTION,. at Garrawayrs, on btonday smay1 , at 12. minles an acceptable offer be in the meantime made bypriee te dontracto the valuable LEASE, for apwaris of so ea crs, w ith possesion. at a moderate reut. of the above excellenlt house, knon as the CITY of HEtEFOBD. The premises lare extens.ve, of most commaniling appeaene. have good fronta-e inaboth treetDa, ndareplaced in an immenselY poaplated andgreat trading neighbo anood, fErom which a large and most profitale busines is derived. but by a smaill outlay in forming a private bottle department a consderable Creab e to the present retruns maybertairly alelated upon. Maybe ie.ed 10 days prior toDthe saTe, when particular may beFhadaon theo renith- also at Gartaw2ars; and of then actioneers, corner of Osnabugh-ptscCe, rNew-road. Tohr Daysu Sale of Cabinet Furniture, Carpets, Rngs, Fenders, Trimm4ings, and Effectis -No. 25 London-street. Greernwich.-To Private amilies,, Cabinetmajers. tIpholsterers. Brokers, and others. i]J1R..TOWV2SEND will SELL by AUCTIONT, on RaesYtbePreaises as above, THiS DAY, To-morrow, Thursday, and Friday, May 6th, Ith.8th, andy0th. at 12 predsely.donacoutof the numer f ots th vlualesTC o mhodem eclito ET ofUsadrd 5TUl, two planet ortes. several valuable oI paintings and eamranicgs bouts2, Boiyardsaou carpets, druggets felts, ocll loths, and reattins, rueRs, and mats, fenders, Sire-irons, mnahogay and brass poles, mings, ends, and fittings, darsaes, eimps. cords, every description of trimraings.a,nda large quantity of japanned goods. Mtay be viewed, and cataloguwes had on the prermies; at the principal inns in the nvighbourhood; and of .'.r. bTownseud, auctioneer, valuer, and woderlaker, lfelsen-street. Greenwich, and Gaad's-hill, l;ent. Thev_luable ibrary of the Late Mona.Grandinea, forP12 seambFrench Professor to Eler MTajesty the Queen. and the other Effects of his Besidence at Brighton.-By Mlessrs. PARSONS and SON, on Trhursday,May 8. and folow ing day, at 12 each dary. OFneE Library contains choice editions of standard .uworks, in English, French. and Italian literature, among which ivdrbeou d Le Dictionnairedela Conversation,z 2volds: Dictionaries by Albki,JohnsTO'N, uponbod PreomisesdLas auov,adTHISo the, wher of Sismonda. Boieanu lamarpeoDw,eite M2i'loc.kS,aui,Vol the welRacuoCmeiwoe, anlimere de Shiel, a smarti e, Roeein. Memoirs and Lives o Napoleon, Sully; Hfistoire des Frantais. by Sismondi, 31 vote.;- Linabine's istoryfof Enandi theworks,of Pope. Paley, Robertson, Gibewn, eu.e aso p ortfolios of drawings and elgra ings, a prar of moder ISin. globes, and effects. May be viewed the sday preceding and mom- omgrof sale, and catabogues had at the oftices of the auctioneers, , Marine-parade, Brighten. On Viev..-So. 32,Cambridge-squn.re, Hyadc-p.rk.-Excellentwetl-mado Furniture, 400 vos of Books. Pictur s, costly Carved Oak Suite for Litny, expensive Jewelled Clock, 10 dozen old red Hermitage, &d., by direction of the Executors of the late John Walker, esq. fN:HINNOCK rnd GHLSAORTHY will SELL by T AUCTION, upon tho Premises, as above, THrIS DAY, the fth of May. and To-morow, at 12 o'clock, all the wel1-manuactured FUNIUEEn: comprising a dlrawing room mnice in rosewood anea maqueterie, a suite of green silk curtaino, grand cabinetpanofrte J dix vases, axcietly cock weith, leverin and breweled movement, lsrge consoles and glasses in carved frames, ad.; brahogany extending dining ables, carved sideboard, and chairs in morocoo: a CoStly suite of antique richly carved oak luniture comptlsng cabiuet bookc, Elzabethan chairs and rmoires, valu- nanbleuaitigs 4O 0 voe fbo etmdefriuefrnmru bl7ed roms, nclu4doing ardodbe's,ch;eval glasses. xceient bedsteads and bedding, an.; kitchen utensil 10 dozen fine old red Hermitage, and effects. .aygbe iewed one day prior, and catalogues eobtined 0n the premises; and of the aunctioneers, 25. Regent-street. Waterloo-place. In Banrkruptcy.-The Second Portion of Mfessrs. Cohen and Lublines's modern and fashionable Stock of JeweUlery, 140 Gold and Silver tOPLjIS, SO:K, and HIARD1KG will SELL by _ AUCIONO, at their Rooms, 16, Ss. Paul's-church7yard, THIS DANY, Ma3y 6, and To-morrow, at 1, punctually ea ch day by order of PashienableJEW\ELLEIty, in leviery vaSriehtySfo of deign,conistngo bacdeles, brooches, and finger rings det with stones, gold guard anel albert chains, pins, studs, sleeve llsaks nekldettes, lockeis, seals, keys., g old anLd silver pencil cases, silver anuff and scent broxes. card eases, 0 and catalogue6 had of H. Hi. Caaan, Faq,, officialI aignee, 18, Aldedrananbulry; of Mfessrs. Iaylor, Cksso7JS and. Woodward, 28. Great Jamnestreet, Bedford-row- of 3fers abodseon and Allen, solcitors, Brrmisgharn; of MIr. B-. bo7lad jeweller Hattn-arden; ol 31r. 'iw%YtjewellearVet,Incdass* and of the auctionees nabic and choicmeLibrary ofBooktcrossitadu7of shut C y,es embrcin Voage an Trves History, Topography, Biogrphy, Clsis teBlesLtra.Gra,Oriental, aud Northern Literature, Persian, Tuzrkish, and Arabic 31amlacrtpts. AC.. frome thelibesreca of the Duke of Susaex, Lord Gstidfotd, Sir M&tk Sykes, My. Hanrott, and otherm ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE LL wIl SELL. noon the Prenmises, Rsndatl'`-i,srk. niear Lea!berhead. Surrey. THIS DA.Y, May 6, and two follos`iag dayse,at12 for I each day, a valuable LIBR-ARY of aboutl at0 voLs_ Among tha octalvoe will be found the Annual Register, 67 volie.; Asiatic Journal i2 vols.; Journal "satiqne, 47vols.;, Auctores Classicl, cums not.vr, Valpy. 160 vols. the Bridgewater Treatises. 10 vols.- Chahnera'a Vie-; graphical Dictilonary. 32 vols.; Dibdin's Works, nostly on large paner; Froissart!s and Monstrelet's Cbruniclee, 24 vols.; Gentlaeman's 'Magazine, 1222 mls, ; Heeren'a Historical Researches stud other Werks 9 voIs. ;. Home and Smollrtt's History of Englad 3 vole.: Ireland'si Thames, Avon. anid othier 'Works. 9 vols.; Loods Bibliographer's Maua, age paper, uncut, 4 vols.; London's Gardener's Magazine, and other works, 10 vols., Parkyns'si,Monastic Rem.ains, 2 vo ls.;, Quarterly Review, 69 VOL" : Ahaw's Zoolocy. 28vola. Quartos:-Archzeologia.2lSvols. ;Bihle and Commo P'eyrs, byD'YOyly andl anut. 4 vols.; uJ'Inand'sRe.liq.iss Diluivianas; Braleys BstoyniSonry,10 ari; Ccer Ofici et Paradoxa, ;472; ClakebTraels 7voi. Cok' Vyags, Ovos.Dildin's Bibliotheca Spenerina,4 vls.andSoplemnt:iEds Athorpiana,O2vols., large paper DonQuixoe, Mdrid 4 vos.; velD'S Memoirs, 2 vole.:; Groe'sAntquiies 1 voa.;SirWiliamJoes's Works and Life, 7 vol.;Moo'sHiifi Ifaticde Prkiso'sOrgants Remains, 3 vol.; ennnt' ToogrphcalWors. 5 ml,. Iees' CYclopmslia, 45 lol. S-ot'sEccesistcalAntquiie, Besss.and other Wvorks: ntny Wood's Antiquities oOfr.by( ute. ith addition, and illustrations, 2 vol%., s.c. Pollos:-Aisis, Views in EcyPt, byl1Mayer Ariatophianis Cornedims. edUith isrincep,,. Aldus, 1498; israndt's Ship ol Fools, in verse, by Barclay, 1570: Dodwell's Views in Greece;- D'Ohsson. Tableau GInCral do i'Ernpira Othoman, 3 vole.; FrOissart's Chroni.cle 2 Vols. in 1, printe-d by Pynson, 1525 ; Galilrie do Florence, 4 vols. Goug's Spulcral onuents Ifoinshd'sChronicles, 3 vals.. 1556; Kings MnimntoAs.iqns 4 ole Manin and llray's History of man onlaro pperandsupr~l bond.A anusrPt roll 45 feet long,l with k nearist miitrs-Kn hresteFrt' oyo Sock nd D tio' ofise ict.May be vimewedonusaudyad o- hayepreedingted isal, ndctiaogn s badELI on the a~esis atbthe, Swn Hotlda,a Aetherhnd; thewin Eagle Hot12el,Eac thh u Hotel, HigsOn;D o F RNIP.RB. Hotakpreq., 9, llnogalfu'sin.lelds an -a 3the ocs ofd bessrn.. FarebroItOWahera Clr, wandrye. Landcaster.f dlacers chte.al-I adrels-singglises aboutefoociles, fardadom teEsiom Station onuthes Londo, nI Croydon. a ondpsoem talway.iny n pe glana'sspark. narre detersos,mhogadnSry.dHnuLgtalsehd Furnitre, bmall Cutsollcurion ofasPicture rpeand severalvauabElets echan =hI J lESSRS by Aret BRoTp HE rim Cldi , and LYnon c. ew Wo=old FDreenTvases comriin mahfpesongarnyour,pestandions bed-e nteadsrawnds,beddinh,umpble-tpwshat rraendstardroemsandohestsnof duraers, icealudind dressimng olsss rewklen leo, Calvrd, anrd oc asol tale, couers, sOfas, andthairs,we cosol-etale, chimgeyandt pierbug case, Vuite Wofrtains. Wrussels carpeats, uIse peracvluben brenchrand othe clcksby ore, Tepie, Gimadi,and Jnothnsrn sp.c.,ae few ndd rawigs. eerehau pips, ad o a fowsa m drawg coletion tof Roy, iens,Ogle,Pethr Powll, ysu be, vlingelsd t,da pTerbr cedng nd ornng f sle.Catloges adon the premises; at the SwanInn,Leaterleast theEagl HoEl, rnm; the Sun Hotel, Kingson ofSt. P B. ook, sq., olicior rincoi's-inn-fields ; andat he ffies f Msss. arereter,Clak,and Lye. Lancaster- ThiS DaY and To-morrnwv-Beautiful MarbleSaus rop,Bss and Vases Sune Old Bronzes, Floerr.tine oac,Pcurs eyan ablelMar'ele Chiminey-pieces. CandelabranPestl,isclia and ether useful and omnamental Work fAt en h eot Portion) of the Stock- of Messrs. Bron n i.b hs ieto MI,ESSRS. RUSHWVORTRLand JA Swill SELL .N.by AU7CTION, at the Galleries Undversity-Etreet, near Fitzroy square, THIS DAY (Tuesday) and Tsomrro'r, (the premiwse having been disposed of), the celebrated COLLECTION of WORKS of ART. in marble, bronzo, stone, and terra cetin. including the following heautiful statues and groups in mwrble the Apollo Relvidere, an Amazon, P'syche. Diana. Trliumph of d6ere. Cybarissus mid Dyins Fawn, a group of Charity, the Guardian Angel. Cupidi and Psyche, Castor and Pollux, the Laocoon. &c. ; the busin include, Antinous and Ariadne. heroic sire. Pompey, Homner, lEErbyIns, the Duke of Wellington. Canning, a psir of bronze vases and ewer after Cellini, satyr aInd bacehanato, bust of IRaffaclle; a Marig Festival, painted in oils, by'Wattean : Virgin and Child, of the Iaian" school ; many beautifully sculptured Louis Quatorze an' other chimney-pieces, suiltable for macalons of the first-class, in statuary, Rvc cionie. Broccatello, Sienna, and other marbles a large and valuablIe collection of pedestals and candelabra, in scagliola, some choice Floren. tine mosaics, marble tables and slabs, inkrstonds, terra Cotta figures, and other useful and ornamental objects. Catalogues may be had at the PLace of sale; and at the offices of Messrs. Ruslsworth and Jarvis, Siville-ro, Regent-street and 19. Change-alley. cocahill, Saville-row.-Modern Furniture, chimney and Pier Glasses, Semi-=Cot- taegn and Cabinet Pianofortes, a few Pictures, a riehly-onatnen ed Screen, of elegant design, for the decoration of a, Saon ; mid miscellaneous Effects. Removed from Private Residence. lIESSRS. RUSHIWORTIE and JARVIS wvill SELL lYl bY AUCTION, at their grat Rtoom. Seville-row, on Monday7, SMay 12. at 12. modernPURNITtrRE. comprising- chairs sofas, couches, cabinets, book do., whatnots, leo, card, centre, and occasional tables in rosewoodt and mahogany, chimney and pier glasses in ornamental frames, brilliant-toned pianofortes by eminent makers, mahlogany sideboards, dining tables and chairS, bookcases and library table,. cabinet. pictures of merit, a very richLy decorated and gilt scrn for the end or sidle of a salon 23 ft. by 12 ft. (exhibited at the Crystal Palace, 1051). chabe apedags,inluingFrnc ad furpot edstad,excel- atSheoffce oPRIESr. uswolhan JAWRN-is, S ile-ow REgent UnrdeeedPlege, Wearingr Apacrous PeceGod, icsilsn J3Jsy UCToN,at hei spcios RomsfUper St. Martin's-lInns T IS DA.May 6, at 11 for 12. 450 lots of L )IES and. GkXNTLE~ MEN's ATTIRE, rich silks, satins, woollen cloths, superior bed and tabie linen, feather be(Is, and a variety of nuseful effects. kHousehold Furniture, Spanish Mahogany SerlieBocs,Three Mahogany Counters. tShop Front, large Baael or,adnumerous Mliscellaneous Items. rESSRS. PRIEST andl LAWRENCE Will SELL IV.bY AUCTION nt the4i-spacious Roomns, Up prt.M ti'-ane TIo-morrow (WednesAay), M-ay?7, at 12 for I, excellent modern HOUSE: HOLD FURNITURE; comnprisinig dinfing, drawing, and bed room requisites, feather beds, mattresses, bookcases, three capital mahogany reenters with drawers, large shop front with mnahogany sashes, sop fittinigs, and numnerowss useful effects. Paintngs,Books Weaing Apare, Broery,and ic~eilaneoun It,ems. TIAESRS PRIST nd LURECE will SELL iLL y AUtIO, atther spcios Roms,Upper St. ?,lsrtWnslan, o Thrsdy. ay& a lier 2, lageassortmnent of MIISCELLANEOS PRPERT, comrisig weringaPparel, piece goods, 10 Ounces of Silver Plt.Dimns Gol n ivrWths SSRS. ~~Jewellery, &C.c MUESSSPRIEST and LAWRENCE will SELL IA by AUCTION, at their spacious Rooms~ U perS.Mrtin's lanE, on Friday, S'laY 9, at 1t for 12, 50 dOl and SILVER WVATCHES, brooches, bracelets, rnags, and studs, set with diamonds and precious stonez. jewellery, trinkets, 500 ounces of modern silver pla ts, in Spoons and forks, silver oOffee Pot, plated goods, and other ely, u-i. On view on Thusday and morning of sale.- To Paiwnbrokersand Salesmen and others.-EligibleBusinessPremises. A J1ESSR.S. PRIEST and LAWRENCE will SEmLL T Vkby AUGTION, on the Premises. I, Nqew-cut, Lasanbeth. on Monday. SMay 19. at 12 for 1, the LEASE of the desimable BUSINEiS PREMI1SES anid DWELLING-HOUSE. eltunte at 1, Neow-cut, Lambeth. held ata, moderate rent, and where a first-rain trade lisa been carried on for about 40 years; also at the same time, the household furniture and stockin trade. Fll Particulars may be obtainedcrnthie Premises, and at the Offices. 9. UPPer St. Mactin'ls-lane. Itali an Villa, with Campanile, Brompton. R. GEORGE BERRY as fa,Voured with insts-tleiVOnW from the Assignees of Thomas Archbutt. a bank-rupt, t o SELL by AUCTION, at thle Commiercial Hall, King's-road, Cheisena. on Thursday, Ilay 22. at I for 2 precisely, a tastefsiily designed and well-built VILLA RESIDENCE, finished in a mot attractive and vs. cherchd, manner, well adapted for the Occupation of a gentleman. The, accommodation comprises drawving room 20 feet by 14 fret, dining room 18 feet by 13 feet 6. five be rooms, dressing roomn, and capital offices, at ursen i ha,l hu o th anua vlueof5. Held fort0) years, toth al,at the Commercial Halil, King's-road, Chelsea; nTurdy ofaP Johns I or 2as o'locialreassgee-, by, BasecionoheAsgha-tees of Trhnmasre Req. 3, inetns-nn-ells;ofJams ay eqrt2aPinces-street Generatlfeld;a do h utoer a, GraytPoiny,-Stanh.olrae-andHh tures. FittTiBuiders UR GORE ERY il CELLRby ASCTION, YAUTIO,o the ComrIalmHllings-road, Choei, T-onroThursday,7 May 12.a for 2 'lc1rcsl, by dorection ftlbsAAssinees of J .anThAltl,,VGomas arhndl aos LTS.rfia bnrp,teITrElSo pin of certain bUlDInket the sewerkt whchha been20lb holly and aaithe rood partlycomleted to-~ ga etvierwith athrae dand prirndatiornin ofTw Houses, Mnaaybges viewd, of P .. JShamsfen, Esqi, ofca assgue,-,asislgliareet-streT.Jetubbof James Moy,cEtor, 26, Morinces-street, liafed; and of the auctioneersOUe,4, Sba,l Genraltyout I blsercadse, a Blaye-Sleioae ray Pony,lol Sandoe ldband lurht -Mnture a Fittings, s ead effects. n ueou iselais AIi,fESSES. PRICE and CLARK mill SELL by .11LAUCTION, on thei PRomns, an above, o-morrowy, Slay9, at 1 11for 1 byIaorder- fu-ofsthe n Assrneaobi anB DSGT EADSanclfe.anGBON D60 sackstadas, 20 lb.ers ciars,oband anvariety ua ofmsellaneous stoc. Me(aygesvee, tpnihe daybrorandig rooming,o pdstale andectlbogues mhad of H. H, tastelod, ebai. 10, aslt,agdes haisrest cvrdimoroT fftb e, - slctr,e46 od logae-ta-lecte;and at th actiomneerlas' fies, 41,rCan-, inuralbitycor, 0chamney-glanframes,prornestouseholdandeLibaryeffe-ts nryb iture, an captalobeaed Pbacton. Canduerouslmisel.nis tIIIPETER PRICEAnD w CLRKLiL SELLOTI by theP uCTiON Hatl the dalRoom, oan aboe,dneFrday, Stay 9, at 12 fth , mahogany FoI"Tur-ert and o Arban BDSTADstand clean-BEDalioany. chsed,fete lests of dr awers, wrobsanthusucealibed caberap-e poendgs Spanishe mahogany diesning tasbleas, peetablmsil-ad, mlsoeganfu and, rsewot baim ies, and vroseasy cOlavim w corerein moroccoe Brtlouses carpts excellentng lirary tabes aucnddeskofcs, a8 cPiutaironreo inFmcie 0cimnuey-lssUframes, doetcrqusts ndefcs May e vewe, an caaloues ad.40,Cha cr-ae Godamin. iirre,-Eeellnt oushodFriue Tol;dn coPentlpemering Dasoenge and d othemOI,mh gany counters nests of dravers, and the usual shop fittings; two horses three tllted carts, sprnge van, harness, and vatious effects; and at 2 o'clsck, the Beneficial Lease of thle Premises, with the Goodwi ll of tho Business. SMay be viewed. Catalogues on the premises;* of Cfas Welborne, REsq., solicitor, 1?, Duke-street, L ondon-bridge ;and of the aurUsurer. 2S. Poultry. MR EDWVIN WHIEI: will SELI biy AIJCT]ChN, IYL ithout rererro, at his Rooms, 170, Bishopsgale-srreet wi.nat, Te-morrow. Play 7, atlfor 2punctualy, aboult ,0G00pieces of fashionable ENGLISH PAPERHA?GrlcNGS, sutitable for every room in any houlse; a fresh importation of superb French papers and decorations mn flocks, golds. and satins, first-class reeds; several noble statuary, petite antique, and Sicilian marble ebimneypicces wlith richlycarned and moulded trusses;* and a number of excellint painters' and plasterers' brushe. View day prior and morning of sale, when cats,logues may be obtained. Freehold Building Land.-Dagnall's-par'., Norwood. jR. BARNES (of Birchin-lane) will SELL by M!| AUJCTION, at the bSart, on Wednesday May 14 at 12 (by order of the Mortgagee), in lots, peremptorily, FI\' PLOTS of FRReHOLD BUxILDIIsG LAND, ada pted for six and eight roomed houses-; comprising all the remains unsold of the DagnaUl's-park Estate situate fronting Bapsall's-greve, half a mile from the Jolly Sailor Sitation, Norvood, being onthe road from Norvoodito Croydon, a delightful dry and healthy spot, near the hamlet, exonerated from land-tax and lithe. Particulars, with plans, may be olatained at the following innsJolly Sailor, NorwoOd; (, rayhound, Croydon;- and of bfr. Barnes, 19, Rirchinl-lane, Lombard-street. Walthamstow, Essex,-Honsehold Farniture, China, Glass, Linen, and OCurdoor Effects. lR. MARSH has received instructions to SELL by 1MJ AUCTION, on the Premises, Marsh-street, Walthamstow en Thursdayne.xt, bMay S. at1lfor 12.without reserve, themodem HOPJSEHOLD FURNITURE and EFFECTS: comprising mahogany Arabian, four-post, ard other bedsteads and hangings, wool and hair mattresses, capital beds and bedding, chests of drawers, marble-top washstands, teLiet tables and glasses, shower batb, and the usual bed chamber appendages, a drawing room suite in rosewood, consistng of centre table, coucb, easy anuother chairs, cheffonier, a 6 octave cabinet pianoforte in rosewood case, Brusels carpets, &c., two sete of dining tables, conch, sideboard, chirsneY.glasac s, curtains, fenders and firs irons, &c., China and glass, bed and table hnoen, a green taling parrot, kitchentretanisites, garden roller and implesments, greenhous^eplants, 17 heaeof ponltry, and out-door effecth. May be viewved the day priorand lnoom ing of sale, and eatalognes obtained at the residanoe; * t the inns at *Wathaslow of A. 2. Hfewitt, Ba., 5~ N icbolai , itlJ;a M -)gXas'aolllicg, 2, Chaot-ow, asl ,i!i: '' .-S.:i -.- - Onk Vie.-stock Of a Clthier. SO dozen of Mfohair and Wool Ladiee' IR.ROBERTitI wili SELL, at his Roonm~ L .Great Marlborough-stroeet To-morrow. May 7th, at 12 for I %*yards of COWTH and fLAIl) COA-T LINiNUGS, 250 ayrds of shirtiag. 506 coat. trusers, and jackets. GuernseY a6nd Ilannel slhits, drawerr._unmade stock. &c. Maybe viewed. andceatalegues had. Cmn View Tu-morrow.-No. 2. St. Alban's-terrace, Ifenniington.ro,d, Lambeth.-Woll-mnade Tur,Ature, 150 'volumtea of Books, andt Effects. MR. ROBERT REID) will SELL, orr thle PreMises, near Verulam Chapel, on Thnr!sdy. May 8, at 12, v.ell-made F1URUNITURE, comprising a se' of Span3ish Mnahoraoy dining tables, 12 ditto cbairs~, and a pair of eazy ditto and conch covered in morocco, cabinets, a pair of roscwood ditto with plate-glass doors and bacm: walnut china cabinet and cheral screen, chimney glasses. Spanlishma. bogany Arabian bedstead with hangings. errellent bedding, wardrobe. mahog-any French and japanned Arabian bedsteads and bedding. chamber furniture. and other effects. Mtay be viewed to-mo,rrow. Catalogues maybe had on the premiises, and of M1r. Rtobert Reid, 45, Great Marlborough-street. No. 46, -Margaret-street, Cavendish-square.MoErn -Furniture, e.- octave Cottagce Pianofcrte, and othier Effecta. ~jR. ROBERT REID wrill SELL, on the Premlises, .LounWednesdiay, Mjay 14, at 12, FURNITURE, comnprising window curtains, a drawving room suite of conuch and chairs. rosewood leo andsof tales mabletoppie tale ndcabinets with plate-glass bacs,dinngroom cnchSand Frchairs. in theicoth, Bo usesd crpts sMRnds exeOetBEddnT RahgID wardrobEsL, bed chambrrwuyni- tlrensae.Cataogens. megaytbehadk. on the,remsld andzmet ofpr. obertn l:id 3,Gea Mrbooghstct.~.E Tehec t b eto moo. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ S 'cular may b had oH, B. outhck,Rtoq.,solctr 7 l-Ic ailon t arwys;ado Rei.8 RoetRi.4,Great al R.ROBERT REID) will SELL, at (larraway's, Thursd. ay. May 15t, at 12. an H otsE, n S HOP,LN originally0 toHAnRol and rhespectablestnat Watearentofk 10perannu, anediheldod vnwiewedabyperisin ofatheatenJnant. Pa br.llrticularsmmybe aayf11 suit,-steet , Po Elya-pluace.a Golorn aGarway's; and of MiRoetR.id RobeGrteid 40,rlbroag-t Mrlbrog-sret ln Insolvency,r.WieGeargeaymas.-Wlort. 23urrancl-,-stllL,oa eseh.d 1~R. ROBERT REID WMl SELL, at Gar-rawvay's, 111b ordro therdyla5 Provisiona Assigee. ofs thuea,My1.a2 TWO-1 LEASEHLOLD HOTTAES, Ns.tland 2.Ctaegrv,s aorth, Sauey let ater 26 year pe groanumand heLd o 2sasa 6 Partiber viewe by hemsina fteteat.Prtclr myb a of essEdirs 2,Sleas oushandptweebudie, solicitors6,Ey-plae, 'Walr:o aesrs Waker narrison . so licito rs, 5 Soutbampton u-street. B iloomsbury;atGra aGarway's; and of Mfr. Robert ReId, 4 5. G reat Marlborough-street. M R.ROBRT R D) ill ELLat (Garra= q's on hic ar puctullypad i Jue ad Dcenber termticuarsma 4.Great Mlarlboroug-tet ind insoltency lAm H4aymam-Reidnce2, irnciHesreetrd-sBatte,sand ,UR. ROBERT REID ill SELL at Garraway's, J3 nTusa, a1.ak2 by order of theIAotae~oz hna.Ray.isionat Assihnee, arsmaln.letASEJhO Law,US szituate anru aove wit perssessiand annualorvaluee13;utermi06dyears; ground renet 14f May0 ber viewed.v St.hJeeis-tad. Stboxtd oach-Ahwllsecue wimproom vedroun Reint No. 38 per annum.annQ MR. OBERTREID) will SELL, at Garraway's, PROVED GROA) RENT aising outof the leasehol pofte ]ty,om andextnsie cbin ma aopveiente rar.anhel,ad for atermofwhich 50 ear wil b unxaisedOntep2ith Septemer.a1855. atagounde renth ofa12pe sannumg, exteusnderleasedfrte wholed tserm ( aisssee daysin rcnlletoAM.Sa,z.,at a rent of 552 per annuma. Thepretynwrousarnalo frotaeuto pberyaplacTe, rocpiertby mayb viweortprmsion ofthplae the toenan st.Paticulor-tmay-squade at Garraway's; and of M.Rbert RoetReid ,4, Great Marlborough-street. Olr-FdeBr tni-Ahtesbrdehold Residence,f inl Gereornd-sRuare, arod lIR. ROBE1RT REID) will SELL, at Glarraway's; .,Ylby order of the Moratgaee on thursday. Jhay B5,atr12, inthree lThus,dthe RESIDENCEt1, info.r lt0. HMeordury f igl Gvcaar-role, l FRomEtenD letROPERohncomLaw,n Rq3, a2arou of 55 per annum, Iandhlro 7erunpie,at a ground rent of 10 per annum; h cuyn egt r Pior thd'ree-stll.Stable andCoach-house, witthe proosoer, besingte No.u is being N. 14Alred-mes, let toM G. Rogrs,EaU atti 817i lons.ipera mannum renach table ios. helnd fr7 year unetir ed1, at ai ground rent o of 5 perannum. Th property may be viewved by permiso o h El-lae,ss orabern; atnad wa' Co.s and ftSy.Th Roberst Reid.45 Grear Marlborough-srtreet.urrey tabbey-Placel,St aondats-aodwit Freeholdurdetacfhed Mesidence,ewit tovEry byACTO exenielasur he Gronds Lnoupying frontage ofn 1 fet, wi,the immediatean oseiorn.mna SAE wna sus,ohr wisHigh onshursda, Mayh 15. bautifu. by orderiofnee Truteeo the leateo No. 20,rabb ey-ptfulacemsituconeninl ragdn in a highitreqeonty sabote ofiv subestata anfromn par cosrvtr, obe coac hesadslu, exantensiepeasrfromol,undSutasefly. laid Ot in lawnandwals, lantd-wthx reheeto, and wel sotiokfedeit fruit trees grteenhoue,e ace two cmedlete posseshonmcato ad. The residnc susanta recen,tly la toir A.e fo.thaw gamek,eatparent ofu20tersanu. Thereinc frotageuo toe Abbey-placeil, occupired byramportionoofhthedeasurend grtounds ofer a vrery dlesairab isit fpporathed erectin ofs twottn vilas. The resdcemmoayin bforeaviewed by permissioandseoftetndarty PbartrsiculrsomsaybnhdnufrWorthsaingtonuEvans ope,nsolictor,72eClemhan street. city;hsthe ofiesrsBartly, a spcout hwod and bilartrooy, solcitrs - 0 omedugrset-street Pormenstiuaffies ate Go-fwys andos cofpet Mr Robert' Read, at, Ghereat ofarlboroughstreofiet, r b tbln,cah Parksies. landryhdtherget-Aofiety ofe laeehold Groundsenvts,y opro- ducing 210 ploer annumn, withtiearly reeridouin atorthes racd rentals,esti comatedint about 600nsper annumltu iesoe hs itrsu poJrRin.gury RO EThrae RED) wrneiSeLL,n gate eG,andrawyrs, ictve byordherogatheL Trustele of the latpertJohn iary Eand, ont ThursdiayStayn 1to at12. inll forEosq, orcalMTYo hsighly, valuablema FtREEHObuLDns POfERTY. cODmp,ES.,sigolicit2, 3. 4,5.6 s Cond7,erside, onighessrsd. 6rnos. 2leand acedloter foriaiterm, e1prin inJ1w7y, catagrouLndornt- of 20 rte per riannum. sThe occupyingtenats Mr.a Prio and Mart; andliy.lpay 121tper annum, buMteareseant estdimaealei 15 per an um. it4use lot toffer. ofArshalunti 18a3sinonsiea tinsofatremium, at the lowgrent of 100m Stannum:0 pentD SEsti myAUTedOrNta 10.Ns andte praare let uontiy ate3 agrund routofil day0 per anum foreseteestday,thed annualy rePONTal10,NTS of isle utahnt's176 aoutra groundyence om 0peraing the ompslet. tequipmnpsy2 pingteant paydse201dpry cannm. Ters-houssgany bediewed byo permissiongrofothetents,Paorati cuarvns maybeohdbyofeWorthigoevlanie, anudoirsartey solicitrs, 10bl, Somaberset-steet, PBrtnsusres anveet Ger-. peting, drakand ofhriRbetz draerid,s4 GreantpMarlborogh-steet.die Meassrs. vtahuanl paindtCo. and atr pcoloar Ashupt Estaxte,neare lrESgblSRvstmn. n Rsdne fA i n orENSptionE e tt o isan- nounce tDa they EP iil O are instrctedbyteAsgesoMsr. htahn Paul and Botagees, ande wit thweourre of sl,the BELLbsgeUC, TION SELL m by AUCTION, at th tat, Lodn.o Friday,e JuEA 20. at wiSeTHig Aoshust ith o1 sitsbeatiflvlabe retsiece, wihated th rensea o Mr.ugtlanila, adelgtul Ns.Ituatind a meetpituresuceuniadtolerya, abol fivena e mienfomEeos, iand o thre fromwa Dokn.Sny hstatio tLwsa,Kents freehrold, ertyai hld o land-axurdeemd.rad atermtimodefretefo greatd tithes. Tihereth oue are twopetefr homreseteads mteeatg susandtiae repairs, and parthirdl mehd, fs ror tegatoee' tuarters. TheD residene Estands uon therow of aGhll,shel-teredtiy Ofrom thenorth andeas, aindo, 'anl Cttou n,a goictreat elvaiongis Aproacherd by janteasytroetting~ road iNathe acc omModation aoD.eS lar-e 2rinia andeSn 0,Peroudtry chamben dressin roomsrande lnurseries,oladis' bouor opningstontor accdelightnu cWOnsexvtoy,aentl R SaDn'sstd, mos vlerysuniquesidrawin room candmuichaigrov te ibrary, as3 spacius thel etandcilir room and ar loft diingroom th doestc ofcetar eofacmstcompleten ofatiean' set; t te mr o th doestc oficsore theust;bling cachhouss, aundy, ndoherout-ffies. ihe aedies'cosses-aory opens pardn O Surey Thre re ineomaerisMad gaerins aundiauroduciv ktcengade. Te hoe fheprpeTyIOiNhad and th, ik mstoftheneghouin esats,fanedorTmntIS bAy the airo prite. aricuar ae n cure f repraio, nd aye btin e I crpes, ron Frnch an oter edsead, wth urnitures and clean I bddig, resingglase, mrbl-to an oterwashstands andtables, On he reuise; ad a Mr Godma's ucton'and estate agency Moe,tgomeryshire.-Very superior and important 'Freehold Estates, situate in the several parishes of Kerry, Churchsatke. and Castle Caereinon, proDcucing a rental of S707 per annum, and comprising above 874 acres of mOst excellent land. 1jR. WVHITEHALL isinstyrsuted to SELL byAUC- LV TION, at the Royal Oak Hotel. Woishpeol,' in said counts-, on the 28th day of Stay next, at 4, the whole of the above ESTATEk~, in five lots, The estatesarecompact andlet to responsible tenants,ats-ery low rents: has-ea most luxuriant growth of timber and ceppice-wood thereon; are situLate in the most fertilei and picturesque parts of the county of Stontgosmery and lie within a convenient dlistance from limoe and coal. - The Atfontgomersshire caInals and railwatys (now in formation? fronz-Welshipool, through Shrowsbslury and Oswestry. will afforddailycommunicationstoaUlpartsof the ldagdomn Lots land 2 are distant one mile from the boroughi town of S5lontgonmery, six from Newton. and eight from Welshpool sandlots 3,4, and 5. within three miles of WeLshpeool. The property is well stocked with game, and is eligible alike for investment Or for building (on lot 1) a magnificent residence,-with must oleightful and picturesque views. Lot]. Acapital Freehold Sissuage andLands,calledthe FaymasdM,eiyw-uru,witha cottage, garden. and lanidattachect, inx the occupation of SIr. C;orelius Pryce, In the parishesof erryandChurclhatoke, containig437a. I. 7u letfor the yearlyrent OfzM0. Lot2.A MassuageorTeuement,calld & Cawn. in the occupation of Mr. John Thoma, in the parish of Kerey, containing 6a. 2r. 25p.. let for-the yearly rent o5 97. Lot 3. Arel1able Tenement. Farm. and Lands'calied 'Moydog Ucha, in the occupation of Mr. William Lloyd, in the parish of Castle Caerciaion, containing. IOSr.-Sr. S2p., let for the yearlyrmat Of SO. LOt 4.ASeesunge, Farm. and Lands called Stoydog P'awr and Each, in the occupation Of Mlr. Richard Robinsonl, in the Parish of Castle Osereinion, containing 149a.0Or. 26p., lot for theyearlyrent of 100. LotS. Amost valuable and important MeussugeorTenementl'arm,andLeA?ds,called non-gym. in the occupation of Sir. Es-an Evans. in the h ofcastle Caeeinon cotabnglOS. h. p, et orthe yeal Lrent of 12. For frthe partcidas appy~toMessr. Rer%ley and on, solicit-wa, W~~lDavd Dvie, Es, FoodaleLlandilo; and Messrs Hackney mLd Limebowe-ie]de.-Valmable leasehold E_sttes, pr.-' ducinzM262s. perannum. L ~M PEAXE wil SELL by AUCTIONW at h M R,k To-morrow, lIaY 7, at 3_, rFOUR LEksEHOLD,'. DWELMM~ HOUES- lutu s. 10 to A, W-Ik-road. Haclvnyp wick, let atM 710O. pr annuma and a leasehladd estate, situate Ios 12,and 3, north jedeaof Burn-tet ayaret iuefad, wiha cottage and plot of ground in the rear, let-to good tenants, at 5A12,Ls per annum, Msy be viewed and paticulars obtained of WE. jobn Butler. jim., solicitor, TooleY-street I at the Mfart - aud at 'tr. Brake's offices for the disposal of estates. U. Tooley-street. Southw-%r GrAng Rod ernnay and od e-bvt-aual re~i e and Leasholdf Ihantes, Producuag 178 per annum. B.,PPEAX is favourea withinstTuciortstoSELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, To-ruorrow, May 7. at Ill, in lots, a FREEHOLD ESTATE, Nos. 110, 120, and 121, Bermuond.seystret, et n laseat 20 ~r nnu. Aso,the substantial brick of; the rw Tenanrr. Pfartcuar, with Z OnURnso su-raai;. obtaineof Mesrs. Slessidlobinso, ~ obt, u wAnge; at he at;u and shot Mr. eak' fie f ormt Wathedson S . C eaphtm un Cotaeea-Resiehncd and LScesehold Esates iri.PEAKE is dfareuted wto isELtbructioN, t SL bytth MArCT,ON ato-morrow. Tw. yM,at 7.OU uetaut2aa FREEHoLD dWeLLhe COTTAE ESItuaENCE as d CoParln mg~ tarkall-aneClasm.etatrens prducng2pear sb'al-nnuntantfo, hota bae viewdbi prmstohf h tntS on Pariclar ob thed house, Coeanal-stetLambrendnda-reassofce o h MR. P-AH-E is faroured tothSinsructionUtorSEL jYb UCIN at the Mart . To-morrow . May 7, at 1 2 usata arc, buiD, situt =, nL TheVillag ofhm~nown nar the Wri tonna Srtatnia, withe imedateha posessiown cmpuing oereaach-htyonrsnductingaL six hrsers.lw, andotwersan keqithngrdqens,entalI acrems. so be viwdb plcation to ThySpein,om0Casrle-pather. on thclprmises-t and nea h rpT n articulars obtaineufD uh eq.,Noat tresRhain-ett Guil6d. etrall; oat te shipIn. Haxter.ford and Nrmslco~3 al Tolystreet, Wstiseri tthwek 1r; n at Mr. Peake's offices, fort, To TmbneatrMerhns, BrewersPablctrs, anUdes others-Valuabs Friiee- held EStateo, ihFontaeGreetoithe Watery Side onm th anso the Saza TiosbreyCana-Larmnd-tax rhedehemed, d,fr h utr,coc R. is Erete to SELL by AUCTIOs,inlt, o Tusa.ITart1, at 1moroo, May , atontha Prmssubsituantiebick plalce,HSthads Nhaew-ow, Hoselydioeen- capabiltye falryducting ladge trad; alo, aPlotof reehld Lnd reomaninheihol omrtisingoh tures, bewes, ad otess rcqirig geatle,tent ofapremiss, sam nearstheas Prehlroperty, an Hatiuaobtained atteIiigSn l Metre;o E ssrS. WALTe. Rse and Nortn soltors"3 Prk sreWstmrnster; at theL b art aUTINd at Gar.Payk's, onficesdfoyth disosa Ofnest.ates. -i.noooystevenlt, Sothe olwina vlak.FR HOTibe MIUerhants CHOntacoS, Builde-ts, Breap andrc' ship anide awend ouhes.- 1. PThomd-sasreema, haxongterrnemofedsheflrg-estre ltio tof his vawluabonleaseatoca retohi new peremss adjcntm to the palln- roado Satin, honth areenwich Raitelwayre, adkown lase the Spa-road bt imbterycuatdiBrondy wher Cmhserint enDsfor the ftre anncmieexratentg theoe bofshis bIntos, hAs fordterrued i-il-tre,cc pebyGI PenAKtat retosELLdubynAUCTIO,e innu oTs, aone Poperthoeursda.My1,amot12oocmmandinuponithe Premises,.situatesin arew-wacter Shadctionse, welslyad sub,tandte bulta.MO terahts adpoining the Necknter-read,eringndheym ther areacining porio oftherws atOing cniting fof abouties 5,00eLAKS Dheals, and Battaens, sawd andsiusawnee 20yb vee leadsofprm D ofi timer ienlagts, largeicanliob. toain.,aeuntt of pesminarer pankon, solooingtoards, matcham atnGarra. obts;ained on the puemisnees. Ne-wak.ChadceTh-anse.,Brevdw: aTunbr.dPea,' offit.Ces4ompay-trFeehldst,ande, Fair-stret Sonthwar Firs,t-clas FreehondlandPrpety, Hrtonme, prduing 32 p=eranum ESR.WARLTERS aud LOVEJOY areiM tatdto SE-LL by AUCTION. at Garraway's, on T-uesdlay, 20hMay nex, at 12, ineseven lots,athe foRE owinD valuable RiabeHoLesdec HOUSE andesHOPSt, viz,d -the Col apitr alrocFrm,' sopnd dwelling-house,f, the indd-stoee, Hbouton thscraee ieromATunbridge,rc lecomprisHawle on leaseatarn of p130iv perannum; te deiing2aceofvlbe unexellen (privcpayato shs)1t, asthfigord-terra, Pndthieldsremtaioccu pivied iby olotnaentsiaents producing .ITSeper-annum.The abovted thfsops hav r expnecnitable fml,adi stumso in improemients, sucha pasothe-gasfons,penerin theman very aiiettracivoe,and oftherwIs adaptr,ingchmlousinessh puroses.f Theypaallraes, t_ axe,unde insuanle. ayube viren,wedh by lreaeofute tfenants.al Plarticuglrsoh aind of Messrs.oarkerb an Srons,mve solicithors ugeihs at orameraway's; eanofthle aucs pgtioees, 5wof.l Chney-landsedsfrso.~ alg Tewsybricge, Rena-Comac Foreeghtlolse Esate,obl coasisingof acres-o tanhd, tritelfre andlandbe taxredeemed, wtoithg goadno Repsiec, enda -i ofsbtensiveAgrlbiclturotalgBuidings esalliego reaifr,dtw substantisal cottagesn dtandeafLodge. dg,Nih ne ctra, Tdn MESSRS. WARLTERS andi LOVEJOY abeg to- anonet yaeistructed-,to SELLr by AUCTION, at Garr-a',onTedy Maay'0,onTea,My2 at 12, h erteirbeheEHOLDit tROeR benuiitable for esienceor nvesmen, aledthe oldHarbr PrkspeFarm leo a onthenaspect commandng anaedensiv vnFiewao thext country,~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~~S includingth tonoTurig,ssrondd anTaaprahedba broad grae roen,thouho n of Orchids lanatiar, outuiling. hIc as. -stesivRoomprs a8 caigstalet arn,co ed, piatie, tw-folyas.andthed foridy3toci large newy-eectd sabl fo eiht rac an dobeleh cach-houprse,upd- tahe irick ane timber anidinSforstorVgaralt hs, Macetrqardae i ofMRbttill-il cottagEs. The eStaELaLod goo shooTIONg,i at convnien way'sne fom Thubrsdge, with1 antexcellntnread and noetal tofpfer . The prevoperty maaby beiviewednrat one-appication Lo EASorg Taylor.sa wthe lmedgeiarticlr poebtaioned at the Roe aNd Crown Vnn,LTS,bridgae Nofr. 9 tacey slcior,e 1o. usroomdur-street, LonMardeon:- ane.wa' :h andeofites auctioele-rrs 5, Clinege-condition.dan Fnasiaiondta ci'snot Pailaoe-yard,o Wbestinsacoter.n f h proliannounae thenmyyaearnsicarred~ offe by AUCTION,uthe GheTroradetoand a posessionwedth andov wericll-knowntainedhihl t-epretb room,s ao t isrheldyfor at ther CofEightnyeast slfeeowuma.Partirn lamnmaybe had Wf Mlaessr.TrheanWit, solicitors,1efodrw 13, Bargteyadcabr,Bclmuy n ftoauctioneers, 55, Chancery-o-gaden STC GR IEREN wil SELL by AUCTION, at T G roor 35ain-trey'oen-are, on Thrsday.My1at2,(mesn neptabl Maye 10bae preiosely, thde bprivamnpotiontofcthe importationfe the Po Atcuatio.nd ah emalucollecto oEAf establoishlednRCID, includiYSNg sARme oftati the bsREstnighran varitis May nbetviweden themorani ng of aclne. and ctlonguesow badn ofMrJ.C Stevetans,mos, Kigsreset,bl Covent-garden, ~ ~ gade, s uroade The Lediges Collctionof Orchids. ndiiael MR,J,C STEVENS is favouverredrgwitn intrctons Isainturdand lst ofmay,thfewhle -ofpheunivdalld CLLECTIOld Pofete~ OCIS. TheDplans aeinstuthbes tpoeSeEaLth and ACTONpiep are-rearing, Mandtil be readyn10day befoe the sale LAndmay be hdWatLLI.G, C, S eve ans's ffies, S, K Ng-street Cvn-a7Costrden. , sIrgt- andTwo WinsesandSpirit Vaults M anchester osssquare. XZy'el s,de Modn Thusdy,g ay, fo atn 2 unexpiedem an35ea acetall Ofer o prevouslymacs.b perivatecnum atractlbvarsmaybleLEaSE ofo m3yas.wt immdit possessoici-.Aigon, n of theNEWIN WINE suvAeLTS, situate. Ne. 0, at-sthecre Bltoesreet, andary Weu-aners The Premimsesaewl-ragd in goodptinofMsss DucnDitin,band inda Siutons tandlt cnlanno failtoensrm, of themh abconti yansconofth proftbe tnxprade for many years carie on by. peranu.Caurth p1rprto. MayD hoviewed,andsprticuasotaioned fon the proi- Cap orSitl Roaderide Publc- houe landtie Vhoasults. . t lIR .G RIE ilSELL by AUCTION. tteMr,o.Wdedy ucI, at12a Overy vuble peiul a b privOLD ate COtYHcOLD by orderTof thePropriofextor,whoise wretiigfomutes business,paferies manydyears Foesuccessfu Ocuation,' ther valouableLeASromthaeomialtrenStt,onofnteeouSEN OaRmS,nstulater in shtih-rad nat pastn,btweenqu paiugfOaland?6-and ackmne,and lng knownlv asd onelgtuvi of the betadmsturespuntibg souburban poperti of sitesekid.m Itqhaseo an excelenn br vandprlu trae biliR. rOoD,ta room.nstaructeangd b tameMo,tis esurroune by arimmense lo,e0iehohodaninteads of LAD iut nOtand'seeeand haintel frnigessa of busiessut cannowetfi to cOmmands ariveylre and prl, otLfitrablcrae. Maylie beloviewed,and paoprticular sobtainedtiono the po mrudises;uatiGaredways; gatdn,the CorntExcangei Corkeehose Ilarkdivied andoa the gauctinee' ofics 17 plnatton-gforamden.a ibradsas Fsraon teeeae orinoteland,Ws ihild-oyioMhlopad easeholdh Prop ter-te. are axtenthe iearts on Whednesday,in count1r, TWO rierTams,and sl"ton andl Two Hoiiiuses and Premwishes,ao. anid 8, Tross-steet,o Coyaoledof otheao ofi Candonbr;thero whoelet; toeei yarlyo teantsa at_rentlamuin to 143-per anu. Als Leasehold- - Peis.. mentai ruin'of a E(nan temple. As a site for a6 mansion or v6ilias this property cannot be surassd; the darynes of the SOil, suPPly of water, beauty of the scenerly,`dist.aence from towrn, and railway accommodation combine to render it peculiarly eligible, confirmed by the increase, of buildingsoetasuperior claminthe locality. Particulars andIconditions of sale, withi plans, may be had at the principal inns at Walton and Weybridge; of Messrs 3Brutton and Voss, Toum-bali. B3ethias-green . at the Mast: anid of' Mr. Dodd. surveYor, &o., 16, New Broad-stimet.city' 2l,,jDenbigh-plaso. Warwick-square, Pitmllos.Exeelent Furniture. -no in Rosewood, Cabinets, Bronzes, Engravings China, Glass, ljESSRS. J. B. HAWKER and Co. -%il SELL by ,LVLAUCTION on Friday, May 9, at 12 fron. by order of the Proprieor, he apit FUNITUE, omprsin Arabian bedsteads, and The Rtectory and Vieramge of Elsenlban, Essex M ESRS.SUMMRS,SWORDER and SUMISIRE hav bee favuredwithinstructions prom the TruLstees forSal uner he illof the late Rev. Thomas Canning, to submit by ACTIN, a th Mar. Lndon onTuesday. June 3, at 12 o'coc, n tre lts,th IPRORITERECTORY or PARSONAGE o EISNHAM withthe anorof te Rectory, and the Rectoril TtheRentchage,comutedat 448lOs per annumn, anid abou on ace ad ahal ofrecoril geheland; also the Plerpetual Advoeenandnex Prsenttio totheViemgeof Elsenham, inelding the exlletreSidence with lawn,1 greS,%T, together with the tithe rent-charge, commuted at .1168 per annum, and nearly 40 acres-of arable and pasture glete land, of first-rate quality, neow let at upars f 90per annum. The present lacumb)e.tis inbhis.70,hyear. Te parish containsl1,82 acres, and the population in 1851 was 517. Elsenham is situate in a highl resPectable neighbourhood, in a faI ourite part of the countY of Essex. on the Cambridge line of the Eastern Counties Railway, 37 miles from London, 20 from Cambridge, 3 from Saffron Walden, and 5 from Bishop Stortford, The vicarage bouse is within 10 mainutes' walk of the railway, station, and may be viewed at,any time previous to the sale, by cards, to be hadonapi. tion to the auctioneer. Particulars, with conditions, maybead2 dass prior to the sale, at the Star Hotel, oxford; Bull, Cambridge; Saracen's Head, hebelsford; Cun Colchestwr; Rose and Crown, Saffron Walden; Dima8da)e Arms, prtford; at tlieAuction Mart- of IMessms Parker and Lee, solicitors, 18, St. Paul's chur-chyard. Lon&O,n of'MrnJobn Mo-Richsrdeo. solictor, Great Hadhain, Herta; mat fr,Hert. - FEat Greecwirh,-Higlay valuable ana imporfant Mrehold Ittte- part eligible, for, a manufactory on alarge scale, part forming a. .ir rate investment, and the, remainder ivoethy of the notice of buil mrs.' aneito ld sinAI 'talista l s eh xcvedinstructions frmmtheTrostees&to SELLb AUCTIO-ls xt he fat i th montht of May, in lots, the well-kmown and hi-ghyyly aable BSTATEAcomaprising theSax millsandropery, man ir n ie ocuptieu of Mews. Enderby; the steam engineand11 ter wnrla inteouatoofAx ea in te ocupaion f M. lisie sveralpiece Of eligible land ; aloreman',a lien,e, 12 cottage., etbln.k, h firs-mtioned preraisesare suitable fOr any extensive basine forwhlch spacious buildinF asby the waterside are deriderata. They compris a capital 'ebarf, with crane, range of large, substantial, and vell-lighted buildings, engine and boiler houses, &c.- The! covered ropery extends I10 fathoms, and this and. the foreman's house, and certain Pieces of land, wili-be sold either with, the above premises uwin distinct lots; separately they are eligible for manufacturers oxn a smnaller scale. The premises on lease to l,tr. Beale form a first-elass investment, the tenant having a valiable interest beyond bin rent of 10 per annum. The plots of land abut on a new t-horoughfare leadng fom te rier wll t themainroadwhich leads to various, larg maufatoris; nd romtherpidxtesioof tbelattertbis lan i wll orhyof heatentonofbuides nd speculatoms The cotags ae ellbult an trm liibl mshinvestments. Printed paricuar, wth las. ayshotlybehadofMessrs. Tatham, Upton. Uptn, nd ohnon,solciors Antinrina; t te airt; and Of Messs. umpheysand alln, 5. Od Jroedstree,city, where ropton.-Three exceln seiecsfor Investment or Caau' MM&SRS HUlTrPRRYS and VA_LLEN`mha4vPv ye-; Mlteeiveed instructions frmthe Xortgageesto1SELL byAi 0.171)N, attti:e Mart, on Friday, My9. at 12, in three lots. Xos tO. 51, and 51. tseapon-crescent, pleasantly and conveniently situate just off, but witin view_of, the high road and baving an ornamenrtal garden in front. Possession ofN 0 5 wil be given. No. 51 in let to a highly respectable yearly tenant, who ban occupied it since 1846. at 80 pee annum . and No. 53 is similarly let at 70. in consilderation of an outlayby he enat.Theaboe ae eldsepratlyfor 71 years, t ground rent of15per nnu. Tis nighouroodin proverbially healthy andproert hee bingnowchiflyOutof hehands of the origtnai buider isgretlyimpovig. ~xtcul3s ay he had of Messrs. Tathm, Uton.Uptn, ad Jonso, soicitrs,Austinfriars:- at the Mart;and o Messs. Huphrey and ai GS, 6.Old Broad-street, ldile-end-road,-Excellent Freehold Investment, laneu -taredocu-in. MESSRS. HtJMPHREYS and WALLEN have MP received instruettior s to SELL by AUCTION. at the Mart on -, ay- at12,theHOlSifSHO FEIIOLD BEER-SEIOP, in esrs ChrrugonandCo'strae,benglet onlease for l6k yer, at 15 er nnu, bs uderletat 15 erannum, the leaseslhaving madea lrge utly onthepremses PritedParticulars, in due time, of Mssr. W 3.Noron ad Sn, oliitos, ew-street. Bishopgeate; at te Mrt;andof essr. HmpbeysandWallen, 68. OldBroad.' Walthamstosn~Ellgible Freehold COttg rpryadBidn land. MESSRS. HUMPHREYS andl WALLEN will SELb UTO, tteCeur Inn. Walthamostow. on ngo reair Lando ell teaextendingAso, seealbpouts of0 Bcr ilding Ground,b radlapted d roacss tf v frorserse withinha fewitmilenrst. JMEs'AhRSb.bu aml n aUP R Y haclfroth NVLLEaidghe Staeon an cfringd eigtucibesml inveStEnts.b UrInted. aricuas then daysho beingore thesle,aof Mesrs comphrt-beys.i, ndKniht, sladiuitors highespta equare;n of cutheaio aucinebears.adterpryben nmebai 2ear Bower P.hihlymoattractivKeandintoaluabldsmeFrehodEtaes, coo- niture, teqa muc adned, havigboee famedsy-da withi the adjtinine access.yriwyadcahs hefre ibnafwmls NM/[SSS OXEMPREYS anarid wi SAL ELLe bye L CeIveOnstrucion 00e PrmseLL byTUCIONDA, inthe monthf ofy being on-moereganttad1comfortdble seals,andsthe land,ein theRhighes sTale;o cultivationoan heart;eands vthe property being mgmsetautd- julpatothconywith iodrPunbex.slien.oo scihety. Flintv-rsatefihigandit othe attelacted AMrtedecripiv andvnuertu isemetswul shdortlyampetar MESSr.Rickr aXNd. Alker soactds SO. LincwinRin1d SEL and ofMesrsumphrOy, andtei Raloni, 683. OldBrod-street, ea ctyeP.i 22,eower Pnilrimayre-plate ensngor .2Th huctandsote ptlmodemFr- niue,beua tof new, having beuedn fuanishe wit ehinrte lsnn iITSSRS. OXENEHAM and SONS WMl SELL by 1IA'UCTION, on the Auct Mart.es o THIs day, th h f ay1,at2, i ede To-moprrowuant 12 dretach oday,o the Handom modertoChncery,I nthBe; comprising ul-onk bedsmas with damas hAngingsE adBEdEdIONg complete,wned wardprobe,f dawers1,washcondsistglass tfablves Xd4,00th inmiture ofourae secnd-Asyblted. cambers, Trsewo derawing Roomuchair and.Acouches, a nbl on;sIDOuole ab mle mn g osovr, chimntey-glase ofd aftrgth dimensioscuti,tals of tw areoev.aedryescription,y pedsta siebord,Brusel an oter arpts,dnn roomr pandf mbary chais n sofs, hina glas, lateartcle, ed numrouis, effect.Big alo. at lomfess-rs. Oeham' Wliest33oxfeterdacret nearthe fanigtheorai. Cap bit geod e FrnirtsuerePiafortmoes, Ch rimney-g In be,salquatity pe of00 Polate PlatEed riles,tl eond. Onumeossefuil andcs,an onuamena rouscEfellnis. ESSRS. OXENHAXv arid SONS wBil SELL by 31UCTION, at theirRoons We3dOxfod-stee, near the PanfUoihen. on ati2ahday nx, athe1 ver 2 upurornctuelyFURecaptolEoder FeutNITulRE; vaincluingcAudbing a-ot trleand. irnutbredstad,with bedd sing ms complete,adoe, drawrednrswasbn atans, dressingrtablses, gasss &, wlttte, speddcinya( reonode,gasdsahoany chirs,nsofa s,couche and hi-sycha, lere, puchardse aioa,ad fro h ranc tahblspiainofor51:theso evey ind byom eminenty makers chiromney-glasses, chfoies Spedesta maoayicue ol eetlsideboards, sets of dining tables, api fhnsm etSbocss Tuarsey rssels, andas otheirs cavrpets an emailoqantit bofkcaseful wlate,g palaed, arte, ho egaina,glss dfecrLativeobect, aindig numteru effecnts efet.May be viewed on Thursday and mominig of sale, end cataloushd thaluablheonvrint bv.400i h uds n oamrgg dboFr1000bamly secungredind lndsting Linlnl. re Y ACTON a te ritin ar, n uedy, Ay1.CTION, an one ot, ursant o adecrtal rde of he igh Court lofs Chancbery 510ppof a settle prprtyt ofIlin labe,out500f ossigo b fac00ingthe Conoliae ak annuitiesundthTreprCn. R3ideduced. BlanAnute,ad of 1,00 ulpona ml otaeo 31bandbeycrs, and nbettsnl nute oohrprEsmn Lears oLderParticularse eanobedReideonmaybohad grai, InvrnssroaBid, M R.oeFrm er rn ALL N ofVI Mr.L flagger, Northamtn ExecuMr. Burrow, Leahurdruay,ry8,nearverandesmblf ess PRhiETe, fTohnsowe, and prohitabe. oiinetor,ernthacnmsD ofMes. Womodsr and v)emlplaerd stremdet,narche Pasidnteensaoe. hnsmeeainvt t Vo.?,ablmfe Lshld-Festet,eWeoftbore-lterrc nomstreth, facin therail wybridge-Tihes Iveryesseriord mode Furniturea, inBasterautiflprdderation, Painting bye ctheo aoncient.n oe atr,Pses ESRS AL XEN DAVI andiSOS wll EL by teEeuo LYoLEL yAUCTION, on the Preise, on Wednesday, May 14, andfllw 1,ing dayht latsechdy the verywin supibero mROdERnIESforIUE ine bneautiful presrVation, includmingetactrul reliegntcwalnut-tre dawng3 roombsuitge,most compe'te, covsere in s tindmak withe curtains9 pen snuite spendid.nchimNey an consyolegasse, aldNso 20rado2e, several ofnwichmessrea purchased frometal tGenant exhibtonofo 181:4th dainingroomlirary, Pandd mringtn rome uritr o f es;a( alschoice SpanshNo mahCogeanystincludesanoblem pedestal ofdebordo, set ofudiinn tables, chaingros,tsfa anld easy chair oered. in movgrocco. bookcse ns, uvioxsto touables,sr,profengravio nd gs afterLadrerntasnsb h nin and mdernmastrs, ncluing hoic specimeunstbyg toertpreker, abouverma7s0 Leranrut, Ety Hart Aleom, bether, A Ttdrews, nandther cerartcuax leas trs1,0 thois ofM boo elegantly bon, emraing'sArs the wdgorks o Smosfte Arstadr Hauthorsn the-It bedchvamdberfrigture of thmeusuAdscite ildnq,smatelcltok, 4artingesaf vetu,en.;onulernu effecs,1. May e vewed on Tuers:adaythAndtmomngf ale,anctloxgunee esihd;alont esrs.r oxeupation or icves,men3, Oxford-steetnare the Panthoonia-rad.Wngon F3RC WreeOld Bi dinGroctnd byttihgeilrtl. est 11F.aLLENAU AT IS att lla SonLL eubsay,JCIn,e4atl inL the Iart, onX Thrsdaye May S.Dat12, deinrfour lotsat, aratheb PelOthofulFREEnpovel)GOUND,ty haveoiang-heroa,ntaeige-oMrtipe' ertierraVos, Latimer-road 1, and Cliftonr-terarae, cslose ton St.c Ann'-ad taindsitgableoato for thareto ofa faoyrar-ied houes, and presents6 and chambers; and at the Mart.at th Bmpryedaer,ogn ethrwt's thowol of thyea,i dmodemuae and cotl F. W. ~. ALE WARVS hill bee onsrdiertod bthe Exeuors- gac o tes ito os. Stree above, PROELLY by AUCTIO'N, at the Mart, on Thurnsdlay, Maye 4. at ver deir oabl PROmpERT, nuoroseure eapi-dtached. elghosiez wan above,t of handsomeselevain,gith situatefor enimso,andconainng eeryapprteanc toan wellarnge dwel-to15 Mart.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~atiua ValubleLeashol. Esate of he ate hersao tet Rq,m 55, Old Broad-street, -Removed from the rail of Commnerce. -XTENTOIN and SON wifll SELL by AUCTION,a Vabo ve, on Thursday, May 8. at 19, under the estate of the late Mr. oxhay, a quantity of well-made OFFICE FURNITURE and EFFECTS, comiprising 1S mahogany tables, two library tables, eight mahogany seats, 41 mahogany chairs, d:. May be viewed the moru of Bale, Catalogues had on the premises; of Mr. Banks, 18, ih street-hill; and of the auctioneers,?7, Angel-court, Throgmaorton-street. Safe Investment n valuable Long Leasehold Property.-Dalstou, MESSRS. :BROAMLEY and SON wil SELL by ILAUCTION.\ at the Mart, To-morrow. M-ar 7. at 12. by order of the Mortgagees, in four lota, FIVE DAVELLING-HOUSE5 and SHOPS, Nos.%2 3, 4. 5, and 6, Laurel-place, nor'th end of Queen's read, Dalstou, near the Turnpik-e, andl Neal and 4. Victoria Villas. adjoining-the whole respectably tenante,and producing a rental of 240per nnu-hel dirct roushe f~eier for the long term of abot 7 yars atth vey lw roud rntofM 5 ls. and 4 per anumfod ec houe,nay eviewed hol Particulas eado RTwoyn6 Jiohnson soictrs Chancr-lane; thses SLiddrary Tabms Quoaeen read,eDastn Tysn rs,Dionn; givion and Ball,ecthai gren pACeIOfNsle ando the aucti1 Od oneers,t1.romet,o rcial-od, Sty Gerg' east 1 o 9 h xeet,nlfsinbeR pold bendstreads, frciaelln modema Houehold Frniur, two Sp61 ahgn wiccolo Piandofores, hs Cu-gas draweer ws, ibard Wtabes BookcasesP, Mfcher's Irnd Safe,i fiaw greeks Pclthsupres,rEn arquets, an Efflets. cabnes~iewodPbiLM coNb and tals, E oNCEca ill SELL pIfrtsb oN, matkter iRooms,w1,Old Bad-stret, on mahorganyan foiueca rs 12 the excellent andoo mashionablcoce,e FetRItURE;gan copising mahoganys andebothrd Araianne andou- psbesed,frtue,capital biM oeddn,to pns mahogany'lbry I wingd wadrobs, hestof dawer,wSh-tandts, BiLthmaFrbe-tos Con~erciaf Soal Room, 44 T on4trek~t city, on cioor feom k1IobornL-,-euuIneStock, Fitures, dadTrnlturo of aGrooeer wiUh SD superior Moaerator IAm s.4 lb0. of imcnted, ToiletSopi basos. and 700 lb. fmne Almozc T-Ablet Soap, k,.-Aboluela 9. 1~FSSRS. GREEN and: SON wl]l SELL by U, M E,1 JfOY. at their Sale eomi as abmo, To,or uMa~at forl, the genuine Spltrsaduntreoagrcr- prising teas. raw-and colfees 400 lb. Sadler'is mnutard. c?coy cocoa, brown and. BAY-LI band gpaper, 6.40 lb. of oroese asop,70l.fn thabe!ta aonsoap vnea seaucr, z.;aso tupr( IlortPaltMdereatOrlampselwain ciney, larnd velihierd weihts maofe.sgar, aondteppe glmils casehognylto moaers,nest. ofss maboany draersttyco, gashetlnvs pigasmeterngs. Z!rv bnalho tle hoturusftureasofihncl.ualdesenptofootkI beviaevopper,tw ofale.d ianulanurni;Pt.remisTurer, 67hNha, frsopge.he Pixtuee, ndESety Ofah,aner aimndgofcinr n h ESSRS. GREEN-and SON will SELL bY AlT- HTION. on the Crooems, Sas abd oeponithuedCan. dale atos Selfoy PRheEMISESaTInd STACK kofn as theCrooeSa and C aNP dIio Wols,orntn the WotlFitresed terCnsia, ocompriing in aea f ,ly snew yards, hotin blate,hereton o engie andi chimney hoshafwt,ha wexceint glasses,iochest, eight-da claoktsheryn, glea itin-gs and , alsnothoms htousextroos, inclumin =stoes -oovWt kit renmange coper twal-o le, csteblnsg oand pipnge, lubards, fr Ten a oseodduriurdi f h usuancefocaryipon. Onve h a ro ndmrigo ae n desiatble hadtonstve premises; ofre.dwrsEq.ofcilsiee Croed es Smith and Wlitn oiiorks, S4, -amfor-court; at th auct irionee an - fies S reattn-ngStde can atogtheir salh te rooms, 4l I'atan itre~s o Sith arf,fotigteWoese Canall,dSaMnfctrr Sallt Sle y orde o nheaPorietrminhoasrm. rn oMdn ~JESSRS. GREEN and SON will sELL 1by AlTO- Oa na Tirminghattbeoneo L,oTuesday,My3. at I.itpeallp ths e Tuab'le. extnsivendin_0b convenfiienlat enlsted arneiJFcTU2ges o ditmIE acid, papr.cud.C,knw also the Crooabl Poapt and Canture, yards,ihaingofbuimlte ireonepnsieadbie os, with excellebotits an1t,, chtmntoeytuary, 10ofetshigh. labnoratoy bleacrnes and blacking rooms, Blasge roamig as, oy wapreanouses, cavenint oremaryn'i.soapelinghos, stwoling coacir-hoosns, lare garoen sand dryingrground, bith su1ficiet. spae t erct ddiionl bildngs dep ell fandneeypseibye onve- ninefPc. yigo anT,3 e rensiveminufatringhollsss These very ofhSepembr 1836,dat ofe voerlowyondtrent, ofe3raro.sd.a per annum , bthae of thbe annAlSE o ue ofom0 3ct1 TheIE.3 purchaser wl haethnsmelpraviege f urcasn, atmri a valatiNon,th eight-horses,otan. dnIng ste1amcenagie, hvne bee-hormertblyr nsted howr tardnk ditto), cdwstern iump expndo d; nthersflpt a premviewedsa du ayn prio tow theR salend particularsr had thereon, Cheresas plant of thelwrpenty and z10PrsmLFuther leasela may be senoa h ricplin nbtrmingaead ofMr tw auctioneers'tiretrhs, soiS,ciato-gr,d1.Per, oindon.Hl oo-tee;o CtAlrooke ,Soapan ComponsitelCne Wrs el ak he ie Plant ad F Axtres ofsa St.ain Martndl edSoa Mnfat . ChasoutrSle,sb orderd of Mthe mbro triect,rwhisgraesnoui- t aLondo. ESSES GREE buiesrrMhanth.SON lSELyUELL 'b [US-) thtlt ofK Mat, the Tlabole WUPkAs, onfTuesdy May 3. t prcameAy, theremaiing-hue SeltOC oft av- C tPOodem cnDvenine MandUFACTURER twesttingrom,0fou lb. uefnlied ron,desingsrinewc, bathroom, oft night aight andee lamositeog, with gross mort: arncaes, roon count.aing. candies, acid,tr paper cuerd, was,hsusote aluf,anle plantamdieture aso cositingay fofge, whichdir toffans withe fottings hoearfoselast MlclncIgh laten Edwartshari, oe'spaent irAon tsoapfremies,z blocing tins 52a tsege Yerefand ias, copeld od leade woras,neaprly ne.m soap co pears, a tweo3 wreniron pans,etanks,iro shaftin,rgers,at and bobtnd,i40 ee oflesm piin. B 200r netarlyn rew comos ite condlitorames,by oergaintS. lifestmnpftretl,an others,ly o00 steAldwires, ighngMachins, rn n A ia s etack,ond dies enineers' toiels,b t00 candl bostes,beah ingitablesdrcs odshrelving pattoningrdy,Wy 9 aonig. fttIrinse, and thCuuLL efECTsO of aPtaInUe cadl and fancyilb soundpsashesMay be vieeudterdayntiornend monirotsae Ctlouetsdonh pe Tis;at th priciale insi Bcmhake; nda theyatoneers ofuiens, S Haton-gsrdeondHonde, ee oln Aladadidga'es, Jartien's-lane. n 3lyb ie"TeA t b a" precie andtrcatalogus frad. r Chr Aarles Edwairdus,iof Micoanb-sthr eet ensrave.snufare,rein MayO, tAB e i ntiee oSL,a h BUe,sigrate-anuabein stalls 2 for sigh hor.ndSe, stand.m lerag fo Juncaro-sriaes,(bating-tbeenel formryue as9 ya ridn shoolM, chapacos, rooms t ndgun letoerto . The propryiinperfectg rlepair,ntly sitate pnvl raue40 er annumn. Furhr particulars myeotidofI.Ewards,odi ltceb-ofstreeo hpp s tMsolctr, Mr.1 ogibyrpoin,, Half Mordn-stClfreet; c atn o5rids St.e Mauctin'ec,aths-lane. 2 Abu-trae,Cmoil To Buideis ad othridge',O Stan Mealtns-Battnse. Pn.1aa_ D.A.TRA.MSlAY received instructions from r Tlrslsring . Simessf tol-hEaLTh. UTION SELbaUtIron gtemharISDAed Ethee6tho May, ithe. vo-aluable LEASE of his De PRMIES comprising a dwellin-houe,i relets. t evry5oemcoveie nce, IL ELO and\` conain- chryuenrc isalsfor 3ithrsadfecso(fldig1 veryt roomy loose.-boxes), sh ol;athe 100xeeutoreng withe glats roof: Esharns orooscutig houe.mndsince roo ovelnrtonwashhue, lot,baindtogsranet CAlsoea velLTo-may orge,. whic islt off May lase for 21 yarssfrom lt lllcbRclaURaso at0peyarThe wholedermperty isiin excellent condition, aociny glasses pints havdPing igs expende siven plthed premislesdrn thbe last e threeuer, andtsielqnueaeeo and n mcia udchnexpreduster o% 6 yevars, atf theawir,inoent,atn38deranum,uusfurithermarslar maybbeie btaineda ofoM.'t.edsl; n cotalegub-streo his( slctoe r.eMr.s Piesoinf Mr Hi.alfcMoon-teer, iccambiwll-;green.rig~,St atn'-aa A ollcto of Prictures,ohefly byteod masters. j~R eO.ROBANSO ' ill SELL b t A CIONs Ronm 21, Old Bodstreetonn Thursdy.3y , May 12. ate 1U prUeisely COLLECTIO of PICTURES, NE whchmpwill roe foundep walonutb the msderrnentioned artists;-ia andwork Eubens Mouchron Hondek atr theWrwlanHtel Breughel Daitt Do Konnd Rauthionee, Loc.on TD.WMares SbSpbledn-sd andl othe exensrlDivemauctris s R. JOHN GBEi istectdt EL,a h H SS,staeand beida.Ma ng 7e ,234 ,ad8 alae selras, ro51.iati af grounl eto 1.Tepoet spesnl ansituae, panedwl produce 14pranmjoariuasadcni rand oteaspt. agass cofBilers and te ots, a .0 PakDas Btes ndioPas Esaileer-nantiey of thronrmoange Ralwy. A-F. LERA7SAisfavorecewited ianstructionsfroui SELL by AUTIoSu, byonTIN ate Premgata-ohrf, Blorfeodstrraee, Paddlington. o To-mrro,day7. Kat3 12n 'clloking dover atdforacten medl,einlos HOUSpecesa of& DR EPIL'R(ompiigunaye fit0twite f i batens chatmbergs, aasmall quantityrofoironmongery andm eftectinMayvit. vbiewcledctwon clay pnraiorgtsth solo,p and catn MgalogeebanedSt Jofb. Pther Deqe, soiior, t3, Ceorge-streetan, Euton-s Taroabl and3z of brooks A.of ay abo cti0 oneer, 7i0,zGo Eand libay suprniortureniturey andw EecitrofplaCtedatgices.3idecrsoe, baode ofU e tiezlhesEectoarsiflte latdevol.vater Hy ong,h.mygass 1weth. a po toL sill, SELL catalouesthenha, anpon the u- t Pieremariseons,tr ellnton-pacDse.dutoaeu. -let,Cme. wel, IG-oGOw.ThThs OfRMa, a 12f SAn E asotmethofFrNTUBEof the,beat Desrpto, iny excellet codTion alsoery cih.innes gassprtsand pubi-,a ointi ngs texpenivkeplteds Tavrtile, tabloe anodbecl line, aniqueand odemchin, kichen de orsies,ivlds gardentl prio tote sae; ad caaloges hd onthe remies; and afnMr Searle, auctioneer, CamandwelD-greeg, ner ot7 Warick-crescen,addiagI?n 2how-.ur.OdBroHad-sI t; WilliSELL Sby ACTOe,o Berlte-sPremises,n on Thunsdayf MayS,J atdC 12,lten.IIITJ n drae-sweet Sroom ofnriu inoes,s chair, Hsllo. ocasinnd nwr tBles,ordsomewea ofin proofs genravingsq,largechin rscmn-la, Adingparl wash-sta nds,f the ga Piggttig, aucindevriosafc. a raden, Gwcenham.et Rcran.Sury Soestoandseht-us essr.Si W nd H. eneraLDAlers, WueHatHonel Roats, 3o-morrow,echreb-etrt Tdaorow and1 Thorsda, Mayv landS, at12, the SotioCK of Miesr.anreg and AlbArs,ofl,Hundadveritcoretiring-fromusinss wirthotre serL Shr consistingo gh ooigvlal rold and sivrwthsLlcs ieaiee, old, andstlrpate dgos, vi. otLAleweblley pBapter mached trabeles, wrtin,deks 5or boxes, chine 'ate, comsbtigo, barushoues, angrperfumer, bchroat aod lad,the whora glses, caddies,creslicasuree, tatrable, aretnnis meand cofend lteat ponts, amvaunt tof abest Englishe andutermanotoy2, and Laotherd EffetsMayte iewed Chyecuth day reIou nnh mornishg of sale. Catalogue hadh at the rooms.o et hl o h rmidro .tearrOf-rod.-yc worberofmtenExecutor of93 toand Jameistn of99atyesa EnginUt asoeer-in-C.e pofuin th Crmenano Railways.e srmr The EE asltrvriont fuavouredwth oft inaor strut ion to b o sujc SEt byACIo,o the lieetaooremnleaowi ises No.2. ern Bbomfhied for 1, the odem HOUSEHld) FURNITr E;fomprs,aeing the fittngs f sibedchamers,mahoany inge wardhroe darawinu roommitein elve, chicecollctio ofengrvins, lcpising the PraingMagale, S. Jhn,theDesentfro th Crss,aucineeman Furnished 10-roomecd House. -modem urnijture, including aliae-- toned 61-otave cottage planofort- in bandsome case, four brilliant; plate c=iney-glas.e a andsome drawing moorn mile. an elegat. china dessert,dirmer, and tea service together withall the ncoecaary appointments of the respectable R-esidence, -iTH.IZOD beop,sto announce lie niBi SELL by AlTCTL-TIO.%,at Cami2en-road Villas, Camden-town, curse to the Camden-road tursmpile, on Thursday, May 5, at 12, the FURNITVURE andI EFFECTS: including an elegant drawing ream. suite in ualnut, a. 5-feet winged cheffouiLer latc-glaasbock.mounted, with amarble-top), four chimnecy-glasses nth carpets, platcd artielez, prool prints, flume-- rous elegancies Spanish mnahogany dining table, pedestal rudeboard, sell of hais ad lasgs oveed n iathr, wowriting tables on turnarl letw 5hmahogay Araban bedteads,clean tattrsss anit bollchars,kithenrequsits, nd umeousand valuabile effects. May e viwed n Wenesay ad th moringof sale. Cataloguees maye hd lsoat r.Ixo's ffce.Penonplae,Walworth; and on- London Dock- Rumamage Sale.-At the Commercial Sale ROOMLs. Mincinglana. n Thurday, M at sil forI precisely, T~ORTY-VIVE pipe.% 110 lds., 120 quarter cask4,, F.70 octaves of Vine, consisgting of Fort. Sherry. Atadeira, Claret. Lisbon, Tener-iffe, Cape, &Ac,; 210 cases end bask-eteaof Chamnpagne, Claret, RBenish, iSherry,. Ac.; 20casksof brandyjAc. Byorderofthp London Dock Company, pursuant to Act 9 Geo.. [V.. cap. 3LI6, sec. 107. Particulars and catalogues of JOHN WILD and SOINS, Martin's-lane. Cannon-street. AtBOOTMfWarchouse, 21. Budge-row, on Thursday, May ES,at2pre_ clsely,on account of whom it may concern. rflVWO Thousand Flour Sacks and 2 000 Corn Sacks secnd-and 3,00 ew ornandflor ackcs. 900 belts of sail can- vas .tOO ard ofhesen nd aggng, twions of samffold cord and. sac tars to onsf arrd op an cil ars,0 nwrckand. wagonclohs 5 pice o stipd ottn bitin, 10 Frnc pctiure in va glt raes 30 drehut udprlamnthines sshpnfes ace arre hots,ce toe! tlatuailandloorr~lsfo, i,eof cab prins. A. My beviewd to das pror, nd alalgee.loa ot-
