DEATHS. On the 6th inst., in London, Julia, the eldest daughter of Tj.homas Peel, Esq., of Swan River. Weetern Austrlia. On the 16th Inst., at Newbuildlng, Yorkshire, at an advanced age, Elzabeth eInm Dalton, widow of the late Richard Dalton. EeQ., and yongest daughter of the late Francis Smyth, Esq., of that place. On the 18th inst., at his residence, Glenfdeld, nearBath, John Charle3 Pigott, Esq., in his 78th year. On the °d hLst., at Lyme Regis, Dorset, Miss Elzabeth Aveineaged 77, On the 24thinst., at 49. St. Georges-street, Canterbury, Mary henvir, the infant daughter of James Reid, FEq. On the 24th hist.. Harriet Shilito, widow of the late George Shillito, REq,, of Forest-hil, S5deaham. On tho 24th hIst., at Ramsgate, aged 50, Hannah, wife of Septimua Slade, Esq., of West-end, Hfampstead. and youngest daughter of the late R. Stanser, D.D., Bishop of Nova Scotia. On the 24th inst., at Cbhigford, Emily. aged 16 months, youngest daughter. and on tho 25th Inst., William Henry oged 16 year, eldest sn, beloved and deeply lamented children of W. J. Brron, eq., of Cbhinford Lodge, and 66, Aldermanbury. On the 25th inst., at 23, Bedford-row, after a very short i. newss William Grane, Esq., aged 65, deeply beloved and lamented. On the 25th inst., after a long ilness, at Stansted House, Forest bil MIr. James Smne, aged 63. On the 26th inst., at 15, Sutherlandstreet, Walworth, after a very short illness, C. Crawley, Esq., aged 75. On the 2zth inst., at the Hill, Putaey, Samuel Clegg. inn., Esq., civil engineer. in the 43d year of his age. On the 26th inst., at 6, Stanhope-street. Hyde-park-gardens. aged efght months, Jeesie Smyth, the infant daughter of the Rev. Baden FPwel), Savihan Professor of Geometry. On the 26th inst., at his residence, 19, Inverleith-row, Edinburgh, Alexander Ross, Evsq., late of the H.,n. B. I. Company's Civil Servi,ce, Benga, in the 80th year of his age. On the 28th inst, in the 8th year of his age, Thomas Chalk, Esq., anoldand much respected inhabitant of Chelmsford, Esex. On the 26th inst., at Dunmore, Stirlingshire, Mr. John Lyle, le'ter, pres printer, Edinburgh' and on the 26th inst., his mother, Mizawnfe or Robert Lamnond, tvq., writer, Glasgow. On the 26th inst., Hnnah, the beloved wife of Thomas Fenn Addi. son, Esq., of Glecester, solicitor, aged 40. On the 26th inst., at his house, in Belgrave-sqnare, after a long and Panful Minss, James Godig, Eq., deeply regrstted byhis friends. On the 26th inst., at Brussels, Eimza. the greatly talented daughter and the only child of Captain George Hilton, Royal Navy. On the 26th inst.. of consampt-on, at the residence of her ncle Edward Adams, Esq Caldmore-terramc Walsall. Jessy Ann, youngesi daughter of tha late Ncederick Towssey, Esq., of Henley-upon-Thames, aged 21 yeams o,, tLe 7M insZ., at ner noose, in Southampton, in the 55th year of her ae 3ra John Pervis. widow of the late Vice-Admiral Funis, and daughter o£the late Admiral Sir Archibsld Dickson, Bs-t On the 27th last,, at Fawoley, Northamptonshirse, Lady Fnightley, in the 76th year of her age. On Sunday, the 27th inst., at 15, Salisbury-street, Straud,Susan Anne Fallen, elder daughter of the late tfaiachi Fallon, Esq., formerly astant arsriter for the county Limerick, Ireland. 11.P. On the 27th inst., George Walker, REq., of Killngbeck Lodge, near Leeds, in the county of York, aged 75. On the 27th inst., at Chichester, the Rev. George Biss, incumbent of Funtington, aged 74. On the 28th int.. at Sbacklewell-green, hlr. Thomas Johnson, late of Broad-street-buildings, in his 39th year. On the 2Sth inst., Jane. eldest daughter of the late Samuel Golding, Ese., of Walsham-le-Wilows, Suffolk. On the 28th inst., Miss Jane Cost. age 24, daughter of Henry Cost, FEe.. of 6, Clapham-road-pIace. Kennington.
TLE ; DUSThTB,SOF TBE SssI2oT. .CommeLe wnuhile the uoutry was itill engagdain a sangufinary though " jusrt and necesay" ar, the duraton of which no mancould predicale the session which will be brou aht t6 a clse to-da,y -il be chiefly medm6rable fortthe rttification of the peacewith Russia and the recurrence of the nationfom the strife and din of armsto the more gem;lecCupations of peace. -. At its opening the Government gave ampk undications that iu the recess matters of domestic legislation had not escaped their attention, and many measure., of' fair promise which had becn miuch called for were early introduced. At the same time energetic steps were taken to maintain our military and naval forces in a state of efficiency, and to enable us to prosecuite tae war with -vigour. When Parliament assembled the great subjct of thle mighty conflict in which v/e were engag,ed engrossed every energy, and when at length peace was proclaimed our senators, with one accord, seemed to arrive at the conclusion, although but twvo months had elapsed, that the great object of the session had been accomplished. One after another important measures fell through and wvere wsithdlrawn from the sheer disincliation of the House to devote itself to sober and serious legislation ; and the desire of every one appeared to be to bring the session to a close as speedily as possible. Hence the sitting has been especially remarkable for its brevity. Among the bills which have, however, received the Royal assent afe the Exchequer-bills Funding, the Annuities, the Joint-Stock Banks (Scotland), Sir W. F. Williams' Annuity, the Reformatory Schools (Scotland), the Juvenile Convict Prison (Ireland), the Public Health Supplemental, the Draughts on Bankers, the Factories, the Industrial and Provident Societies, theJoint Stock Companies, the C-rand Juries, the Police (Counties aud Boroughs), the Mercantile Law Amendment, the Drainage (Ireland), the Grand Juries (Ireland), the Statutes not in Use Repeal, the Encumbered Estates (Ireland), the Coastguard Service, the Bishops of LIondon and Durham Retirement,the County Courts Acts Amendment, and a considerable number of private acts. Included in the extensive category of measures abandoned, rejected, or withdrawn. are the Local Dues on Shipping Bill, the Partnership Amendment (Nos. 1 and 2), the Divorce and Matrinonial Causes, the Agricultural Statistics, the London Corporation, the Scotch and Irish Paupers' Removal, the Juvenile Offenders (Ireland), the Education (Scotland), the Wills and Administration, the Aupellate Jurisdiction, the Criminal Appropriation of Trust Property, the Dulwich College, and many other nleasures of capital importance introduced both by the Government and by private members. Having assembled upon the 31st of January, the House of Commons has set upon ilGG days, extending over 838i hours; while the House of Lord& has sat upon 88 days, extending over 2231 hours. The average duration of the daily sittings of the Commons, therefore, has been nearly 8 hours, and of the Lords about 2i hours. When it is considered that the Commons never sit beyond six hours on Wednesdays, it will be seen that the average on other days must be more than the E hours which we have given. We are not surprised to find, therefore, that the " vicious system" oc Eitting past midni-ght has b_en practised to a great extent, and that legislation has beer carried on by the Commons during this shori Eession through 88i hours after midnight, oe 11 days of eight hours each. The Lords have onl3 exceeded in this way to the extent of some five hours snatched from the period of natural repose. Mr. Brotherton having made a futile attempt wher the session was young in favour of the II earlyclosinc movement" abandoned his position in despair ; thi call for " Brotherton" ceased to be a watchword witi our less wakeful senators, and Mr. Bouverie's vie, that more business was got through after 12 o'elocl at night than before appeared to be generally ac quiesced in with a species of reluctant despair whicl was unanswerable. The " No Houise" phenomenor has been realized upon onlythree welcome occasions, but the " counts out" have amouinted to seven Some of these, however, were at a very late hour ir the morning, when the House was literally in a stati of complete exhaustion and fatigue. The divisionhave been 23 in the Lords and 193 in the Commonm -a smalier number than has occurred for some years past. Subjoined isa rgsumd of the more important event, of the session:- JAcUoARY. 31st. Parliament opened by the Queen in person. The Address, which was moved in the House oi Lords by the Earl of Gosford, and seconded by the Earl of Abingdon, and which was moved and seconded in the Commons by Mr. Byng and Mr. Baxter, was agreed to in both Houses without as amendment. In the Lords, however, the Speech was closely criticized in an address of considerable length by the Earl of Derby. FEBRUARY. 1st. Al-r. Lowe, the Vic-President of the Board of Trade, brought in bills to amend the Law of Partnership, and for the Incorporation and Regulation of Joint-Stock Companies and other associations, which were read a first time. 4th. MLr. Lowe brought in a bill for the abolition of Passing Tolls and the Regulation of Local Dues upon Shipping, which was read a first time. Afr. W7hiteside and r. J. D). Fitzgerald brought in a variety of bills for the refornxdf the Court of Chancery and the abolition of the Encumbered Estates Court in Ireland. Lord Duncan) for the Lord-Advocate) brought in several Scotch biUs. 5th. On the motion of Lord Palmerston a vote of tbank-s was passed to Mr. W. Ley on his retirement from the office of clerk-assistant to the House. Sir G. Grey brought in a bill for the imliprovement of the county and borough police, which was read a first time. Mr Brotherton's motion for the "early closing" of the House was lost by 111 to 50. 7th. In the H-ouse of Lords Lord Lyndhurst, in a most able speech, moved that the letters patent purporting to create Sir James Parke a baron of the united kingdom " for life" be referred to a Conunittee of Privileges. A long and animated discussion ensued, which resulted in the motion being car-ied, in opposition to the Government, by a majority of 138 to 105. Mr. Collier brought in a bill to transfer the testamentary jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Courts to the superior courts of common law and the County Courts. A motion by Captain Scobell for a select committee to inquire into naval administration was lost by 171 to 80. 8th. Earl Granville brought in a bill appointing a vice-president of the Committee of Council on Edacation. Mr. Cobden asked for explanlations respecting our relations with America, 'which elicited a reply from Lord Palmerston. The Partnership Amendment and the Joint-Stock Companies Bills were read a second time. 11th. Brief discussions took place in the House of Lords respecting the Crimean Commissioners' Report, the Wensleydale Peerage, and an alleged discrepancy betwveen certain diplomatic notes from Colonel Rose qnd Lord Stratford de Redclife. Sir C. Wood prop%.Ksed the navy estimates, and several votes were agreed to. 12th. A Committee of Privileges met; and the inquiry into the Wensleydale Peerage was proceeded witlh. MIr. Napier, in a comprehensive speech, proposed a resolution upon the subject of the amendment of the lawvs. At the suggestion of the Government it was slightly modified in its terms, and the motion was then agreed to. 14th. Sir F. Kelly brought in bills for the consolidation of the Statute Law, and of the laws re- lating to bills of exchange and promissory notes. SirJ.,Shelley moved forareturn of the ages, &c., of the Irish judges. The motion, though vigorously opposed by Arr. Napier and others, was carried by 132 to 121. 15th. Ar. Roebuck introduced the subject of our relations with Amaerica, and a brief debate ensued, which was shared in by Lord Palmerston and AIr. Disraeli. The Chancellor of the Exchequer brouIght in a bil to amend the act relating to the superannuation of the Civil Service. 18th. The Committee for Privileges on the Wensleydale Peerage sat again. The Court of Chancery (Ireland) Bill, after a long debit, nas i ead a second time in the Commons, and referred to a Select Committee. - - 21st. The Earl of Derby brought under the notice of the House the relations between the Cony mander-in-Chief and the Secretary for, War, and an important discussion followed. Sir J. Valmsleybroug,ht on his mnotion for opening the National Gallery and British rifuseum on Sundays, which Wasl lost by 376 to 48. - 22d.. The Commnittee of Privileges met again, wehen a iotion by Lord Gldnelg to refei certin questions to the Judges ws Idst by 142 to 111; and one by Lord LY.dhus, 'd,Uaring thifrirt of the v comdittee-to be that neir the le,,stent-nor the wit of uumnis s to I6rd tnlydale could _en_titlehinto sit and oft in PRlimnefit, t - carried by 92 to 57.l Ki the otlier Hiou Clie n- -cellorof the Uxchequer made a. ixiil'.ttement and moved certain resolutions-one owijic" relited teoa l oan of,b00 ,0,1 e a irm.Tiiaii iWere discussed, anVsLeve-alvote=bken. 225th. Sir F. Thesiker iood that the LocaVlhes on Shipping Bill be read a socond time that day six months. After a long discussion the debate was-ad.ourned. 26th. Lord Palmerston withdrew the Local Daes on Shipping ]3il1. 28th. On the motion of the Earl of Derbys corm: mittee was appointed to inquireinto 1he subiect of the appellate jurisdiction of the House. of Lrdcs with a viewv to its: improvement. Mr. Muntz proposeda 3motion wvith reference to our monetary system, whEich w as oppored by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and was lost by 115 to 68. The case of " Talbot -v Talbot" was broughtunder notice by 3Ir. J. G. Philli nore. 29th. The Earl of Albemarle moved for returns relative to torture in Idia. MIr. Reebuck moved a resolution condemnatory of the appointinent of a board of General officers to reportupon the report of the Crimean Commissioners; but, after along debate, " finding himself in a ninority," he withdrew it. 3ARCr. 3d. Mr. Layara called attention to the state of our relations with Persia. The army estimates in supply. 4th. Earl Stanhone proposed an address to Her Majesty on the subject of a national portrait gallery, which was agreed to. Sir Dle L. Evans moved for a select committee to report upon the expediency of abolishina the sale of commissions in the army; but, after a debate, withdrew his motion. 5th. Sir W. Clay carried the second reading of his bill for the abolition of church-rates by 221 to 178. 6th. Lold J. Russell moved a series of resolutions on the subject of national education; but after a lengthened debate withdrew them, in order to their being discussed in a committee of the whole House on the 10th of April next. 10th. The Governmentcarried the second reading of the Counties and Boroughs Police Bill by 259 to X06. Lord Pahlerston consented to the appointment of a committee to inquire into the Local Dues on Shipping Bill; and 3r. Lowe, in consequence of an informality, withdrew his Partnership Amendment Bill. 13th. Sir C. Napier brought forward his longthreatened motion for a committee to inquire into the operations of the Baltic Fleet. The gallant Admiral had considerable difficulty in finding a seconder; but at length Admiral Walcott " th-ew him out a tow rope." After a speech deprecatory of discussion from Sir C. Wood, an answer to -the charges of the gallant Admiral by Sir J. Graham, and a brief subsequent discussion, the motion was withdrawn. 14th. Parlianant adiourned for the Easter recess. 31st. Parliam,ent re-assembled, and Lord Palmerston announced that a Treaty of Peace had been signed on the previous day at Paris. A prIm. 1st. Mr. Roebuck brought on a motion with respect to the salaries of the County Court Judges; but ultimately withdrew it. Sir G. Grey introduced a bill for the Reform of the Corporation of Londonr 4th. Sir J. Graham having brought under review the conduct of Sir C. Napier at Acre, the Housc went into Supply, and continued upon the Estiaatem al the evening. 8th. Mr. Muntz proposed a resolution with respect to the equitable adjustment of the incometax, which was lost by 194 to 63. The Lord Advocate introduced his Scotch Education Bills. 9th. Mr. M. Gibson moved the second reading oi his Oath of Abjuration Bill. Sir F. Thesiger proposed as an amendmnent that it be read a second time that day six: mnonths. After an able debate the bill was read a second time by 230 to 195. 10th. A long debate upon the first resolution in I,ordJ. Russell's Education Bill took place in committee, Mr. Henley having oved as an amendment " that the Chairman do leave the chair." The debate was adjourned. 1lth. The adjourned debate was resumed, and after a protracted discumsion Mr. Hlenley's amendmncut was carried by 260 to 158. 14th. The subject of torture in Madras was discussed in the House of Lords, at the instance of the Earl of Albemarle. 15th. Mir. Spooner carried his motion that the House should go inlto committee to consider the grants relating to the endowment of Maynooth by 159 to 133; and he subsequently obtained leave by 159 to 142 to bring in a bill upon the subject. 16th. Mfr. Fagan lost his Ministers' Money (Ireland) Bill, on seeond reading, by 201 to 121. 18th. The MIarquis of Salisbury brought forward the question of secondary punishments, which was briefly discussed in the Lords. Sir Erskine Perry drew attention in the Commons to the increasing annual deficit in the revenue of India; and the House afterwards went into Supply. 21st. The Lord Chancellor's Churchl Discipline Bil was lost in the Lords by 41 to 33, the amenament1 having been moved by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Parliament adjourned over two days, in order to be present at the naval review at Spithead. 24th. Severe onslaughts were made on the Admiralty in both Houses for alleged inadequacy of arrangements at the naval review. In the Commons Lord Goderich carried an address to Her Mvajesty on the subject of admissions to the Civil Service by 108 to 87. 25th. In the Lords Earl St. Germans lost his MLarriage Law Amendment Bill on the second reading by 43 to 24. In the Commons Sir C. Wood vindicated the Adnmiralty arrangements at the review. The Police (Counties and Boroughs) Bill was proceeded with in committee. 28th. Mfr. Whiteside brought on a motion condemnatory of the conduct of the Government in relation to the fall of Kars. The debate was adjourned. 29th. The Kars debate was resumed, and again adjourned. 1st. The Kars debate was brought to a close by the def'eat of the motion by the exemplary majority of 303 to 176. 2d. The bands in the parks on Sundays attracted some attention in -the Commons, and the Police Bill -was proceeded with in committee. 5th. The address to Her Majesty on the Treaty of Peace was moved in the Lords by the Earl of El1esmere, seconded by Lord Glenelg; and in the Commons it was moved by Mr. Evelyn Denison, and seconded by Mr. IL Herbert. In the latter the debate was adjourned. 6th. The debate on the address was resumed, iand the motion was udtimately agreed to without a division. 5th. Both Houses met early and proceeded to Buckingliam Palace to present the address to Her Majesty. Subsequlently Lord Panmure in the Lords, and Lord Palmerston in theCommons,moved the thanks of Parliament to the a7my, navy, and marines employed in the late war, and to the embodied militia. The motions were unanimously agreedto. A message from Her Majestyinformed both Houses that she had been graciously pleased to confer upon General Williams the digmity of a baronet and recommending the bestowal ufpon him I of a pension of 1,0001. a-year. The Aarquis of Clanaricarde broug,ht before the House the pro- posed pension of 5t,000L per annum to the MaI'ais of Dalhousie, late alovernor-General ofr India. . 9th. Her Majesty's message with respect to S:eer-al Williams was considered in both- Houies, and addresses agreed to. In the Hlouse' of Commnons Lord PaImerston announced that Her Mlajesty had granted an amnetty to all political offenders. Ad. journed for the Whi*-suntide recess. 19th. Parliament reassembled after the holydaA. The ChanDcellor of the ExChe uer made his fiia:ncial statement. 20th. The DivorcEI and Matrimonial Causes Bill w at the instan'ce f tlie Lord Chsaicellors read a ~sacondtiiie midsent to Ii ,elect committee. , Mr 3,Berkeky's attemn-pt-to. brin- in a bill.lor the 'lldt ivs dlefeaeted'by 151 toilIl. 21st. Mr. Packe' itUhrew hiis Church-rtes' BilL '' 22d. Lord ColeTeter mnov,ed a series of esolutions donldermnatory of 'tlui declaration .r esecting international iiaritime la*, iigned by the', Plnipo. tentiaries-atParis. Along and important debate ensued, which resulted in the resolutionsi beingT negativ,ed by 156 to 102. '26th.' The JoihtStock Companies Bill. \veit through committee, znd the Partnership Ameridmnzet (no°n'2) Bil War -.d S econd"tiixi 27th. The rl^'d of lndt . tio, the- subject oE- ilit.Eetisimzthe, !forth A:ierica;ni°lonie,w cl.dt not unimportant debate. - - 29th. In conwquaence of the pec rej liament did niot meet. - -- 30th. The Cainbaidge lUniversity Bill got izyto committee- m the Commcns, and seveuralcUus were agreed to. ,TU-h.. 4th. Mfr. G. Moore carried, in an -nernecte; manner, the eceond reading oif hi4 Irish, Tenart Right Bill by 85 to 59. 'th. M!r. S. THerbere calUed atteiition to Yhe. dacation and instruction of officers in the msy, which led to an interesting, but not Yery pro-tracted debate. 6th. The Appellate Jurisdiction Bill, after a debate ancda division, passed the Lords. 9th. Mr. Milner Gibson's Oath of AbjurationBill passed the Commons, anr am,eadmeut which' was moved by Sir F. Thesiger beg 1on t by 159 to 1l0. The Cambridge 'University Bill went through commnittee, divisions being taken upon several points of importance. I0th. Mr. Ewart brought on his annual motioaE for a committee to inquire into the operation of thea system of punishment of death, which was lost by -158 to 6L. 12th. Sir G. Grey proposed the educational estimates in Committee of Supply. 13th. Sir C. Wood proposed the navy estimates in Committee of Supply. 16th. In the Lords the Joint-Stock Companies Bin was, after some objections raised by LordOverstone, read a second time by 18 to 5. In the Commons, the question of ourrelations with the United States was raised by Lord J. RusselL 17th. Mr. Walpolemovedanaddress to the Crowa on the subject of education in Ireland, and carriecl it, against the Government, by 113 to 103. 20th. Lord Paimerstonrwithdrew the Agricultural Statistics Bill. 23d. Lord Lyndhurst moved the second feading of the Oath of Abjuration Bill in the Lords; but was defeated by a majority of 110 to 78. In thes Commons Mr. Fortescue succeeded i carrying a. motionrelative to Irish education, which wasin.- tended to alter the decision at which the Housearrived on the 17th. Mr. Walpole, however, did not oppose it. 25th. An attempt of Mr. H. Herbert's to defeat the second reading of Mr. Spooner's Mlaynooth BilL proved unsuccessful, his motion for " this day six months" being lost by 174 to 168. 26th. In the Lords the Matrimonial Causes and Divorce Bill, after some debate, went through committee. Sir G. Grey withdrew the London Corporation Bill; and Mr. Spooner withdrew his Maynooth Bill. 27th. Lord Lyons (late Sir E. Lyons) took his seaf, in the House of Peers. In the Commons Lord Blcho carried a motion for a commission to determine the site of the National Gallery, against the. Government, by 153 to 145. Mrr. Bouverie withdrew the Scotch and Irish Pauper Removals Bill. The Juvenile Offenders (Ireland) Bill, the Educatiok (Scotland) Bill, and Sir W. Clay's Church-rates Abolition Bill were likewise withdrawn. 30th. The Earl of Derby withdrew his Oath of Abjuration Amendment BilL 'Mr. G. H. MIoore. brought on the " American question," and, after a lengthened discussion, the debate was adjourned. JULY. 1st. The debate upon Mr. M.oore's motion being brought to a close, the division exhibited the hon. member in a minority of 80 against 274. 4th. The Partnership Amendment Bill, after considerable discussion, went through committee in the Commons. 7th. The Appellate Jurisdiction Bill, after a long debate, vs road a second timne in the Commons, Mr. Bow yer's amendmnent being lost by 191 to 142. Mr. Wilson brought in the Appropriation Bill, which was read a first time and hailed with cheers, as signalling the approach of the termination of the session. 8th. The Public Health Bill was thrown out oa the motion for going into committee by 73 to 61. 9th. The orders for proceeding with the Civil Service Bill, and the Tenant Right (Irelaud) Bill, were respectively discharged. 10th. The bill for granting retiring pensions to, the Bishops of London and Durham was introduced, and read a first time in the Lords. The orders forproceeding .ith the Vaccination Bill, and the wilts and Administration Bill, were discharged in the Commons The Appellate Jurisdiction Bill was defeated, on the motion of Mr. R. Currie, by 155 te. 133. 11th. Sir W. F. Williams, the Hero of Kars,. took his seat for COiue. The SadUeir frauds and the County Courts Bill were the principal subjects which occupied the attention of the House. 14th. The affairs of Italy were discussed in botlt houses at the instanee respectively of Lord Lyndhurst and Lord J. Russell. A clause having been initroduced into Mr. Lowe's Partnership Amendment (No. 2) Bill by a majority of 108 to 102, the. right lion. gentleman wlithdrew the biLl 1th. The B3ishops of London and Durham Retirement Bil was read a second time in the Lords by 47 to 35. At the instance of Sir C. Wood, the Coastguard Service Bill was read a second time. r. J. D. FiStzgerald vindieated himself in a masterly speech from an attack of the Irish Master of the Rolls in relation to the escape of James Sadleir from justice. 19th. The MEnisterial fish dinner at Greenwich. 21st. Our relations with the Brazils, and the dismantling of the fortresses of Ismael and Heni, were briefly referred to by the Earl of MUahmesbury, whose observations elicited a short reply frlom the Earl of Clarendon. In the other House Mr. V. Smith brought on the Indian Budget. 22d. Motions with reference to an amended translation of the Bible, the length of members' speeches, Spanish claims, and General Beatzon, successivelyoccupied the attention of the Commons. 23d. The Bishops' Retirement Bill was fully do bated in the Commons, and the second reading wascarried by 151 to 72. 24th. Mr. Roebuck- moved the expulsion froTa the House of James Sadleir; but, after a debate, the " previous question " was agreed to, the general impression appearing to be that, following precedent, the time for action had scarcely arrived. The Bishops' Bill went through committee. 25th. Mr. Disraeli passed the sessioni in review, rermadrking utpon the niuber of meastures which, although theyhad been introduced, had not been brought to a successful issue. Lord Pahuterston answered Mr. iDisraeli, and vindicated the exertionsof the Government. 26th. MrL. Gladstone moved for p.aers with relation to the Episcopal Church of Scotland, which were not refused by the Government. 29th (This Day). Parliament will be proroguec by Royal Comrmission.
[Advertisexnent.]-Tho new novel, "The Man oZ the World; or Vanities of the Dfay,' by S. *Y. FTUom, author of " Th Great Eighway," may now be eal at aUtho libries, in 3 vol. with ilumtrations on steel by Johm Leecb. -'-r. Filonm's man uof tho. World,'" says the Morning roo, 'is a masterly picture, and will attract the ad iring attention of evry beholder. jr. ubalom handle; his materials with powerful effect, and gives additional life ant intereDt to the story hythe skilful Introduction of siaddents suggeste, by actual ocenrreonoes of recent date. A strong vein of satire urus thzrougl the wbole cempoeition, wich i manly in sentiment and eloquent and. dranutie in style- -Chadrl J. SLeet, King WiliaM-st,eet, Qhasin,croaL, h [Adve'tisement.j-" The Young Lord," by the author of "The I)cplioe of MRf, &e-,,"iu2 vols-, 2l1, Is U,w readO at all the libraries. "This nw novel, by lady Emily Pens,ehy, is interes-ting as a story, and s.till more to 1.e cOmmencded for the prolit3ble lIssos it incuilates."-LTA, Ga7. 11No niovel wras Ce,_ writt6n in a better spirit, and few with a better development brel, of story anc. cbaracter.0-Chrornicle. 11This book pre-mmetly bgongs tot, higher cluse of works. it is adapted to t7he tasteo of thle superior In feeltegasmnchastheintellgentin int1e1ecty."Sn `'Tbe reputatio'n Ladyv Emily rensonl v acquiredl Tb DMIseilne of Life' mer thanu maintaiei her -'young esseuger. j1urt ana taebLcett, publishers, [Advertisement.]-" Bell'S Life in London," of Sunday next, August S. and Gratuitous SupTlement, wild contain fum tll exciusive Portigntarsof the Goodwomf eNice teath. one houzh. mg. x$3m, iDing,3Avlng, dng,ho!thng, lled thc a ri; ruronzt ardother races-?rogcamics and miticipatios oa of cir;ton fc,aeslsoes in Fesnee-Aqustics : Gret _yArmouth and other MWgttAs-- Cricket: earylebe on6 v. All -Eingland: Elen 'Fis gers of 1ngland s9ainet ]ifteen Grt1ernuc, and othler interesting maids-Ch'es.AxsgioZ-The esr: The ChamP-ionhip; O the law 6f t'Oi -'Lied a itg affets 1'reir Tigh t Royd ecsU-;r en h Sooing-Wre;tlingQudiet, and aln the Sting anud instesneeousnewe t'W thr, hweek P"iL'ee tamp'ed, 60. usrtamped, 50. OMle. 17n,,Strand.L I[Adverticeriscut.3-- British iiral 'Sporis,"~ 'sy5Stone. benge, prirci Io.. ris. half-h:md, "This is ' thoreuhl -tpractieal book, omitting notbein. whih can be of serrice to SS fo one thoishes tO acquire a kn owledge efru ofsports it comprsessahooting; huntIng, ou1rsg, iti, hawktin, ia4ng, bosting, and the variusg rrali games endl imusements of Geea tcttain.sssintcn t iiicahrte aloveofmo noble atbletiportugof iiid m ranly o50 -czrciscs, which have been too much osgerei,oL Tiework isnJlustreliWedby-no. icns ood engravings, and jasuld,be -inthe esin-eer JTounal foAgs, ~ cnan nrrnsfrom thefolluwigeicnesiela"Eytcollectionst-G5and ' Siu hO- 31boee- afte beet d, nd- The S Btaxriffxlr , EUnAt, c ftc r, taWzmd. The culprture engraving isdthe'.SymphSu7kd.-& TbeliteCax5yc-2ntents
THE CORN TRADE. CORN-EXCHANGE. MARK-LANE. JTTv Sq. The arrivals last week were generally plentiful. The exports consibted of 1,100 quarters of wheat and 316 sacks of flour. The supply of English wheat was 7,456 quarters; the foreign reached 36,784 quarters -nearly half Russian -with a good proportiont of serviceable quality among the rest. Very few samples were showing from Kent, but a seasonablesprinkling appeared from Essex. Picked samples sold slowly at a decline of 2s. to 3s. per quarter. Lower sorts were quite neglected, though offered at a further reduction. In foreign scarcely anything doing, fine sorts being still reserved; but inferior Russian and similar quality were fully 4s. per quarter down. Of flour the supply was from the country 13,3S7 sacksrfrom abroad, 160 sacks 9,240 barrels. Country s&amples ware 4s. per sack lower, Norfolks being quoted 52s.; barrels were ls. to 2s. lower. No change in town quotations. With only 448 quarters of English barley, there were stperadded 5,398 foreign, mostly from Denmark. The demnand for distillation being great, prices were weU supported. Malt kept its price well, stocks being generally low. Of oats the total supply was 43,432 quarters, of which only 565 quarters were English and 5,860 quarters Irish ; the remainder, 37,007 quarters, being foreign. The quantity on hand brought prices down ls. per quarter for fine sorts. Others were difficult to sell at a greater reduction, the prices of hot cargoes being irregular. The bean supply consisted of 1,076 quarters, of which 734 quarters were English. Of peas there were only 132 quarters, chiefly Danish. There was little passing in either, and the rates remained unalteresi 7,136 quarters of linseed were reported, of which 1,576 quarterswere from the Baltic. A very firm market characterized transactions, with a further tendency upwards in price. Canary has attracted speculation, and advanced considerably-say, about l1s. per quarter. Hempseed, rustard, and other kinds in limited demand at about former rates. Account of Corm anired ln Londan from JolT' 91 to .T,.1, A: CURREN-T PRICES OP R GTISH AIN G A FPOUR Ih Shillings per quarter. Wbeat-Essex and Rent, w -hit . 77 to 80 extra - to 83 flitto. red, *8 3-73 --77 Norfolk, Liucolnshlre, and Yorkshire, red, * 37 -76 Barlcy-Malting, 41 - 43 Chevahler ... ...... .. ....43-46 Distillng * 40 - 42 Grindin'- 3 - 39 alt- Essex, 1?orfolk, and Suffolk 7o9-2 --- 7 iingston, Ware, and town-made .. 69 - 73 - -77 Browrn *. .. .. .. .. 63-e --- Rye- - 40 Oate- English feed . 24 -26 Poato . .. . 2 - 28 Sootcl. feed'. 26-23 23 Potato * 27 2-28 IrL feed. white 23-24 fine ---2 Ditto black. 21 -22 -, --2* Meaa-Mazagan . 38-40 Ticks . .. .. .. .. .... .. .. 37-40 Pigeon.392- 46 Peas-.Flr . . , . 42-46 pes-Whitehbollers .. 44 -49 Maple 4-6 Gray ......40- 42 Flour- Town -nadeperek2SO lbHoxsehdP 63 fine 67-fR Ditto, households . o2 5 o3 Norfolk and Suffolk, ex ship .. - 52 GRANTHAg JuLy 26. The weather is generalLy favourable for tho growing erops, and, with a eontinUance of wanrth, harvest wiU commence in about tbree weeks from this time. There is every Prospect of an abundant yield Avery smaU shaoe, very smaU attendance, nothing pressed, and no buyers of wheat at our Exchange Hail to-day. Spring corn stil scarce and prices favour the buyer. Whseat, white, per 26 stone .83 to 8 Ditto, red, ... ,78 - 8 Barley, grinin". per 30 stone 40 - 42 Oats, ne-.:. per24 stone. 32-34 Beans, new. Per 36 sto ne 44-47 .4eas, per 36 stone 42-44 Averagofur tho Weele ending-July 21. 3 9d. I d. Wheat, 90I quarters .. 79 01 Oate. 50 quar ters. . 2;8 0
MfETROPOLITAN CATTLE-MARKET, .tdy 28. In censequence of an unusually largo suPply of beasts be.ng sent up to market for sale (4,570), the trade for beef ruled very dow, and prices dorliaci 2d. per stone from last Friday's rates. 2'dntten and lamb, on the contrary, both sold petty readily at a slight advance in some fewr intances and generally af former rates In veal and pogh there was no gsartisnlar feature to notice. A fair tusine9s v.as transacted at former qnotationa. The reports received from the .avicultsnal distrdats respecting t'he crop of grass, hay, and oats ace verV frocrablo from raost parts of the ComP-sative Statement of Pris, and SnD,ly of Cattlo at Market.
--- --- - :I - ' Monday Evening. The railway-market was steady, and prices on the-average were well supp6rted. There was not :umh,activity.Wnbusiness, but sales in some eases increased towards' the close. French-andBelgian .eihibited little alteration; Indian descriptions were not quite so freely dealt'in. 'The shares 'of the AustralianLandand Banking Companies'were maintained, but'few transctions4ook place in them. French WesteraObligations were-negotiated at UIJ, and Strasbourg ditto at, 19k. The operations in miseellaneous ahares were limited.- Ottoman Bank, 2 to pm.; Bank of FAWPt,''to li'pm. lNational Discount Company, li to I pm. ditto, hew, i to m. ; Riga Railway, 3i to 4i pm.; Pernambuco, itto i pm.; Lonmbardo Venetian, 5 to i pm. ; :B3nk of Swtzerland, i dis. to i_pm.; Ceylon, 1l to i pm..; Bengal, i to i pm.; Euphrates Valley, to 2 m. Copiapo, 1§ to i pma.; and Western of Lodon, i to lt pm. O~DltDAIYBE SIARE AXTD sSTA(r
- - - -- RAWAY-XNTELLrCZNCE. STOCKBPOtT, DISLEY,,&NSIJ AL.EY BAIDGE. I Lniei-eport,o1 snedalrscwrs OK this company states that the line will not be opened thIS autumn for traffic, in conaequenceof questions which have, Aisen during the egotiaton. for, the -purchaao of land in the neigabourhood of S'tookport. Thew*orks n-a1ll the other pit of the lion e niaking rapid- progres, and the diretors Uiliuse t eir be* endeavo-rs to complete And open the railway at the e4.rliest poeble zument. The meteting on-the 7th of A^ wtill b i matde special for thrs porpo4e of eotu~idering arn aItes'ation i Ehe wror.ing agreement writh the:London and Nord-ernm (lompany,, to. the, offect thait if the joint comntitttte of the two companlies for the !purpose of developing the taffeshall i-educe the rate. toalosrerratepermlella the- averae rates charged per mle by te. 1North. WZestern Compa ny bctwreen (Irewe and Manchester, the 2{ortJs-Western Cotmpany shall- be allowed a uma per miZe qual to -50 per cent of the r.te charged by them for imiLar traffc over tl;eir M1inch,sster smd Crewieline. The effect of the alteratio s iS to protect the North-Western Conoa from an undue lowering of thezatee hythe joint conmrttee, said which, as they re t work the rilwayat 69 per eeton the earnings; might affebt them prejudicially. Theelterationimas been approved by theBoardof Trde and bythe 4irectors, and is now recommended tothe shareholders for their confrmation. The report of Mr. JT. :E. Etington, the engineer, states that there has been so much unavoidable delay. in obtaining land in the neighbourhood of Stockport, where the excavations exceed 100,000 cubicyards, that it will not be poesible, even with immediate ession, to open the line this autumn. The tunnel under the acclesueld Canal is abont half finished. Three-forts of the line are fenced off,' and 10,O00 yards of permanent way are laid, being nearly onethird of the whole a. There are about 1,200 men, 75 horses,.and one locomotive engine now employed upon the works. The extension of the Cromford and Hig'hale Railway is now tsnder ecintract, and may be completed at the same time as the main Ene. The capital account shows that the company ae authorized to Taise 150,0001. on shares and 50,QOOL. on loan, of whieh 81,7921. bas been raised on shares and 14,4001. on loan. The expenditure to the 50th of June amounted to 79,2161.; leaving a balance of MADRAAS. The report of tbe directors of this company statesthat the publc opening of the lino Erom Madras to Arcot ws appointed to take place on the 28th of June last, the length being 65 miles. The board expect soon to hear of the opening of a further section of eight miles to a point within 10 miles of Vellore. The construction an survey of the reDainder of the line to Beypoor has been steadily proceeding. The conveyance of materls, stores, and machinery to MAdrs and Beypoor has been araple to meet the requirements of the engineers. Several locomotives were ready for work at Madras, and an amount of other roling-stock has been constructed at the company's workshops, which, it is believed, will be sufficient for the traffic on the railway. 'The East Indian Company have proposed that the execution of the extension line by way of Cuddapah and Bellary to a junction with the southern line of the Great Indian Peninsula Railway should be undertaken by the company upon the sam e terns and conditions es those of their existing contracts, and on the capital reouired, which it has been estimated will amount to 2,000,0001., they offer a guaranteed interest at the rate of 5 per cent. for the first million, and state that they 'will be prepared, when the time arrives for requiring more capital, to consider the terms upon which such addition should be raised. The final call on the first extension shares of the company's capital hs bexen made, the whole of the second extension shares have boeen taken up, and calls to the extent of 10L. have been paid 0n themn; and the allotment of the third extension shares has been completed, with the exception of the amount reserved forthe shareholders in India. Should it be decided to accept the proposals of the East India Company for the extension line, ndto issue the million of new capital on the guaranteed interest of 5 per cent., the shares will be offered raeably to existing proprietors. JEDBUiRGH. This line, which branches from the North British Railway at Boxburgh to Jedbwgh, was opened for public traffic on the 18th inst. The line is reven miles in length, and has been constructed at a cost of about 40,0001L The works are comparatively light, and were constructed in the course of eleven months, having been conunenced in August, 185. There are four stations on the line; the first near the town of Jedburgh, at Jed-Foot-biidge; the second at Nisbet - the third at Old Ormiston ; and the fourth at Itoxburgh. Wour trains per day ran each way, and the line is worked by the North-British Railway Company. TRAFC RETURIZSZ ailes Ps- Mer- Total, Total, BaIiwa. olem. sengem.hiM. 1856.' 1655' Weel endingTune 23. £ Grand Trunmk of cmada ..... 513 .L2S.. 3,269 . 5.197,. 4,614 Week ending July 1L Great Western of Canada 283.. 6.051 .. 3,156 9,-207.. 6,635 Week ending July 14. Northern of Fiance . - - .. 15,267 20,474 .. 35,741 40,959 Wveek ending July17. MEaria Antonia . .. .. - .. -. . 2383 233 Week ending July 19. Waterford and Tramore .. 7. - .. - .T. N7 . . 2D3 Week ending July 26. South-Eaaern .. .. - .. . . - . 2434 .. 21,848 Lmndon. Brighton, South east .. SfS a6.31S 2 930 . 19,24S .. 15,902
GLASGOW, July 26.-Cotton.-The demand for cotton continues moderate, spinners still buying cautiously. Prices for good kinds very steady; for the lower descriptions a little concession is sometimes made by the seller. A hliited busiess has been done in goods and yarns thisweek, but the feeling in the market is healthy and prices keep very firm. Pig Ixon.-A stronger feeling has been manfested in the pig iron-market during the last eight days, and under increased demand, partly speculative, prices have advancedabout 2s. per ton. To-day several parels of mixed nmmbers, Hanants, have been done at 74s. Sd., which is still offered, sellers asking 74s. 9d. cautiously; Nos Ilg.m.b. 76s.5; No.f3, 73s. ; Gartsherrie, Us. Shipments are gradually improving, but tonnsge continues scarce. DUTY oN RAcEmBopSES.-The amount of duty collected on racehorses last year (ended 5th of April, 1856) was 5,4511., against 4,8681. in 1&54, 4,4831. in 153, 4,865M in 1852, and 4,4521. in 1851. Tim CunRNs LNQuRY AT CEPrLsEA.-The Crimean inquiry at Chelsea is a fine illustration of the talent of the English people for practical jokes. It measures at once their power of cajoling and being cajoled. We are chiefly familiar with this attribute of the national character as apulied to private merriment; but it is occasionally a valuable instrau ment in the art of governing. 'When the nation is justly incensed with the conduct of men vhom it would be inconvenient to censure, the first and must advisable course is to pooh-pooh the charge. If this doesn't succeed, the next step is to proceed in judicial fashion, but still ,in the strict line of comedy. The "peci-pooh" must be embodied in the persons or half a dozen terrified old men-or womenempowered by a Royal commission to summon witnesses and hearedence. Some ittleime may be judiciously suffered to elapse before they commence their sittings. The public, in the meantime, will get cool, or their attenton will be diverted to other objects. For the szme reason, the longer thesittings last, and the greater the prolixity of the pros and co?s, the boetter. All this will have auseful tendency to tire the public. When the proceedings are at length wound up, no mndecent haste must be shown in arriving at the verdict. Let the judges have time to wipe the perspiration from their brows, and fairly recover from the shock of public opinon. Finally, after two or three months? delay, and within a few days of Parlament being prorogued, they may afely ventrert send inareport byhite nathin everybody Such is the upshot of the Chelsea Comal ssion. It has ended, as most people thought it would, in making things generally pleasant. The partiestaccused have all beensocquitted. Not a blemish can be found on their imumaculate reputation. It would bce ridiculous to expect that the decision of the commissioners will be accepted by the nation for more than it is worth. It iS a formal acqulittal of the accused, hut it leaves them in their former pDSitiOn at the bar of public opinion. The acquittal isw in fact, so absolute, so thoroughgoing, so all-exculpatory, that it barely escapes being farcical. The report of Sir John Mlqeill and Colonel Tulloch is contradicted in every particular which touches the conduct of individuals. They were snt out to-inquire into the cause of calamities which, after making allpesihle alloncefor circumstances, clearly implied gross negligence somewhere. They were men thoroughly competent to the task-they were under no influences likey to warp the judgment the reault has shown too well how clea-ly their interest lay in making out as favourable a case as possible on behalf of nen whose cennexion made them virtually omnipotent; they prosecuted their inquiries on the spot, and substantiated the opinions they expressed by the onevioce of eye-witnesses. NWothing could exce3ed the mnoderation of their inferences. They made due allowance for difficulties, and their censures were gentleness itself. Still they committed the unpaudonable fault of not exculpating everybody. If the Government had not that confideuce in their abilities and character which would give -veight to their repot they committed an unpardonable blunder in selectig them; but, assuming that the choice was wisely made, their report ought to have been finaL 'Rad it been favourable it would no doubt have been reeeived without demur, but it-fixed blame where blame was insufferable and impossible. Of course the report must be-et.aside. A commission must be appointed to sit umjdgiment on the comrnssione- The commissioners are honestly, plohisbt, but stillvery "!judiciously".chosen, and theydo not disppoint the expectation which was formed of "them. Sir John 'dNe lll:ad Colonel Tulloch are found -iwrpng in every poinft. Their statements respectipg the cndition of the army are, of couse, -ohalanged hut every oiiiniou -whieh bears unfavoarably upon individnlsis over±tirned- and aLl whom. they ventured to think blamewrothy are triumphantly acqmittel It is simply impossibletoplaoe any reliauce upon the pu,tiat of such a wholesee acqua The previsos verdicSmight have oan susceptible f maedifi-cation on some points, but to believe that it wasl-keng 5n all is more than the largest credulity cTh ciuomach ' gnfortunately for them, Sir John M'Teiltia o udhlouel mulloc neither have seats -in the touse0 of i lotds ouor inluenrtinl csonnexionsuat the exorse Gands t or wme should probably have a third eumnja sion lappidteg toidjudicate upon the report of the second sect of pommtis- lionets, and haie Pses Jnmghtn on ad iut finifu;a, or leat till che blunders of axioths war eclipsed those oft lsiwar which is now ended. - "Since, however, the "dversedecisions falLs in' the pre-~nt instance upon untitled head<, it-i! likely that'wveshallhear but little morecaboutt it. The can of the gieat- is properly "idicated. The fiction ihit the. noiniineesaof arstocratsc xavourltismecould poisibly:be.guilty *of inlcompetence lia5 been suaccessfully exposed, -ald- timehonouire oitltse pastes enawitlhout a single lalirer beisig gsscedfo its tbrow,r -azdy lhen, occson: *eqnr.a t rnvil its ancient exploits- Wo English are. * maweliUs psopl1etriuly.; so maguaniunous are we, and so for&i'rlug, tiht we can net only endure misfrttunes but je1 m'te bad thatS 8a.r them, Mear7lfsefnt7 ,1flifla; . i ,t
TZH CASE OF ARCHDEACON DXYISOH. - TO THE EDITOR OF THE TlIE;S. ir,-Obaerving the followring passage ,n your repert of this case, in hih the argu3nent of Dr. Phiislimore on au important pointiz not correctly given, I beg the faour-ot your nserting theafew line to expn it. Your repo4 says,- 'having read the 29t artide, Dr. PhiUinorestatd ihai what the Axrchewon intenaded to 3ndinhinL in his ser .3ons in reference to the encharit was this *-that sacmrnrentunm ws the outwrard Part, the Mt sacras7e;ti the tbing sign-Zeek, and the 7;irt-- sacrayaenti the benefts which -were restricted to thoss receivin2 worthly." But what Dr. Philli -ore contended for was this,-thaW thl word "aacm-neum" should be taken in the ense ilk which Bishop Jewell said it was always used by the ancient Catholic f:thers,-viz., as the s1gIsum, the outward sign, and the~rct scrmc1nmn the thing signified; the benefits to e receivimg worthily being termned by ancient divines thi Virtus Jasramenti. I remain. Sir. vour hbPriPnt f XEL A. BATHURST, I Doctois-Common; J.Lr e or Aic±c .Vcniaon.
A PALACE VXBSUS WORKHOUSE. TO THE DITOR OF THE TLES. Sir,-I was ordained by the Bishop of London in 183D, and have consequently been in holy orders 26 year. Xi labours were divided between two curacies-separated by a hedge row-for thesce of 20 years, exposed to the pesti-. lenltial atmosphere of the Essex marshes. During the past six yearsthe broken state of my health has compelled i to seek a drier climate, and earn a livelihood by literarr occupation of a non-ecclesiastical character, though durin& the whole of that period I have never for one Sunday omitted gifing my gratuitous services in aid of the clergy of my neigff,hbourhood. It might be asked, if I desire clerical employment with remuneration, 'why I do not fling myself mntothe ecclesiastical maket7 My answver is, the chances of that market would only give me 1001. a-year, and, as I must take the hazard of locality, the attendant expenses wold in all probability be equal to the stipend. As curates, toa, are supposed to be above the vicissitudes of climate my previous sufferings warn se to leave the field to, younger and stronger men. The question, however, I would venture to as'; you, Sir, is this-now that my vorthy bishop is so handsomely provided for, do you think that poor curates may regard the fact as a precedent, and that they also may look forwardfor some provision when age and disease have incapacitated theux from further labours ? They, too, sometimes squeeze out of their small patrimony something for a life insurance, and as thiswas ons of the reasons assigned for giving the Bishop of London 6,0001. per annum, is it sile, thinfk you; that a 60th part of such a sum migt be awa=ded to * curate. At present the state of retiring porovision stands thus To a bishop who has had his labours sweetened by all that life can give of comfort, luxury, and hignest dignity,a palace and 6,000! per annum. To a cUrate who, for 30 years, shall have done his devoir before God and man, til broken with miasmatic fever, or voiceless from excess of oral exertion, he is obliged to confess his inability to be any longer faithful in his calling,the workhouse. One more word. During the discussion on this question in the House of Lords, I observe the Lord Chanucellor is reported to have stated that out of 18,0D00. per anlum-the Bishop of London's income-Al5,000!. haLd been annually dintributedin charity. Afterwards, as a reason for the amount of the retsnng allowance, the same legal functionary stated: that tile bishop's assurances wrould absorb hal of the 6,0Q001_ per annum. If such be the fact, how has Charles Jasnee gBisopof London contrived all these years to support bisn episcopal slate, as the whole 18,0001. per annum must have been expended either in charities or in ultimate provision. for hi,stlam iv"D AT AGtMSH CUDA.TE July 28. -
THE OPRLAND RouJs TO CA0WKXA - The Tritc Caifornian gives the following account of the dreadful sufferings endured by the passengers wiho left New York in April last for California, by way of Nicaragua:-" The steamer Orisaba left Nr.w York on the 8th of Anpril, with some 500 passengers for Calfornia, by wayof Nicaragua. On the 16th shearrived at San Juan, and the passengers disembarked. By means of open boats they sta3ted up the river durings soaling rain. The exposure caused,them much suffering. When theyarrivedat Castilla, they were informed that the tranisit across the country was closed; and, aftertwo days' delay, during which they were constantly exposed to the weather, they were told that if they chosetheycouldreturnto NewYork; butonlyl5 minuteswe) e alowed them; and as they were compelled to abandon their. baggagwe in case they concluded to go hack, 300 of the passengers determined to push oh. They were taken to (;ranada, where they were detained a month, notwithstanding that an epidemic w;as prevailng there. Here the most fearful disese commenced to rage among them. In four weeks 79 of the 300 were buried. D>uring this time they suffered everyprivation; many were without means, and those who had aoney were compelled to put n with extortion and robbery at every hand. On the 20th of May, in the evenig, news reached Granada of the arrival of the Sierra Nevada at San Juan del Suri and three hours were given to the surviving passengers, sick and well, to get on board the Lake steamer. A t She time it was pouring rain, and pitch dark. The sick were carried down in the best manner possible, all getting thoroughly drenched. lUpon reaching the landing of the Lak-e steamer they were kept in the rain until they h*a ex, hibited their tickets, which detained! them severalihours Finally, all were crowded on board, but before morning three of the s;ck died and were sent on shore. On the Takeq steamer the scene is described as having been dreadful. The; passengers were crowded together like sheep in a Den. There was scarcely room for the rickto lie down. For 19'hours they were thus confined, suffering every torture of body and of mind; several poor wretches gave up the ghost in the boat, and others died while attempting the journey from the Iaka to San Juan. After theyembarked in the Sierra Nevada, the sickness brokepnt again, and during the passage fronm San Juan to this port 33 deaths occurred. The sufferings on the Sierra Nevada beggars all description. The officers of the steamer did all in their power to alleviate their sufferigs, but that was lttle. No time was lost in disposingof the dead, and the body was hardly adlowed to get cold before it was thrown overboard. The safety of thelivin demanded that there should be no unnecessary detention. of the dead. FkTsu AcCIDr.-C-APE OF GOOD HOPE, May 30. -On the morning of Tuesday, April 29, Her Majesty's brigantine Dart being at anchor off the Quillimaine river about eignt miles from the shore, the cutter, with Mr I'Clune, second master commanding, Lientenant Woodruff, R.M., nine men, and a black boy, belonging to Qaillimaine, left the ship to proceed up thc river. On Saturday morning, as the cutter bad not returned, the gig was sent in. search of her, shortly after which a Portuguzese boat arrived alongside the Dart with one of the cutter's crew, froni whom were obtained the following pariiculars :-On Taesday norning the catter, on neag te bar of the river, w nearly swamped by a heavs sea, and the next one ternes her over. one of the me, snamed la'Nabb, immediatelr disappeared; two others swam ashore, and the rMst clang to, the eouat til all hut the narrator and two others traduallyt lost their hold, and were drowned. These three drited with the boat about 20 miles to the N.E., and on Wednesday morning found themselves so near the land that be himself swram ashore; the two others held on by the boat nntil sbei grounded. A s soon as this information reached the Dart, tne gig, which had returned, was agin sent, under the cherge of the gmnner, to QniiDimaine, and on Saturday evemng she came hack with four of the survivors, who. stated that, after the upsetting of the boat, Mr. M'Clune, whbo wore heavy blailket clothing; was one of the first'who, sank; Lieut. Woodruff held on longer, but at length, overcome by exhaustion, he also disappeared. The three merx who had remained by the boat stated that they had reached Quillimaine about an hour before the boat from the Dart arrived. Names of officers and men drowned :-Mr. James P. MOClune, second master commanding; lietitenant Woodruff, REoyal Mdarines, of Mer-aJestWs ship Castor; WilliainL Jenkins, quartermaster *:Thomas Eianraban, captain foretop; George Tait, ordinarv seaman; JameshNabh, ditto; al1 belonging to Fea Maestzy'sshipCastor. The blackboy who joined at Qanklimaine,- is sbpposeb tow uvo been taen down bya shark while ffimming to the shore. hITr. Warm, mastez's asItnth h, succeeded tothe command after the death of Mr. M'Clu'ne, nent to thank the -Governor 6f Quillisnaie for hia-poapptvasitance on the melancholy occaion. EAST TieXDL COMPJJ&S S surd.-It is pr babla that the local rank of major -wSill- be~bestowed upon certain. officers of 'the HYon. the Eeat Indi Comns yisssm,. as reward for services perforined in coesnexionwilh the Turkish Contingent,aadthatBrevetCap%i%& C.T.E.Iiiid, 65th Mengal :hative lufanr, ieutenant RobeC. Cadel, Madrs Artillery, and ISeutenant J. A. Ballard, Bomber Engineers, re likely to be selected for thii distinetiod,i paratorv to their ominition as Comauions of the Order,pt the Bath Mr.Jein5bitt,B.A.,T l3nityCoUcge, ubrindg, bas beesn anpointed A aVPrt-ofessor of Mathematirs andL Classics at-tbe MEiAav College, - Addisoombe;. lr. Eeraa WALker has beeL apointedr ident engiueer of -the Bowlay Waterworks. The folowl0rI officers of thei ast li, Company's servie6 havg been perajitteda to retire :-Bi W,t.- Iijbt-, .E. leBert Bengl~ Cnav-lry Surnzoas S;ie ,Thonpson, eMedical Establishmaent ;.Rev. Char es )#awia, Ecelesiasticill Fitablihimheutf ie Utenanf-j.'-E )!Wiltc. 3lidris-9tb Natire Infautry ;.and aptainX. l3y C.B;, of the-Indian Navy. -r. liamXariea be appointed a volnnteefor the Indian N avy; -nflie s1 -l gtablishment. Xir;iWilliaaa Wat DalY`'nd MIr. Hi Wtlls Wooldridge bsie been am pintedvoluzn4een foe-the Bengal no Sio-Bin -4 Jtsi4 "
LONDON, T1UESDAY, JULY 29, 156. * This day will close a session fruitful in debates .but.. barxen in meassues, where everything has gneeunattempted and nothing done. The session iias aeen ls pass from war to peace without any -proof that we have profited by the lessons of the Done, or adapted ouaelves to the Tequisitions and. demands of the other. Every success in this -eision bas been atoned for by it,- corresponding :reve,sie, and every reverse been consoled by: Some modieum of -success. The Government has mot' escaped -this checkered destiny. 'When directsy attacked it ha5 been always supported by Overpower, majorities, but this uniform support hvs been atoned'for by a series o£ mortifying defeats on minor mifatte, and the sjcrifice of sjost all the measuzrs iP.;as introduded. The Opposition, in like man=eh haa its triiimphA to boast of, but these have been far more than counterbalanced, not mnerely by adverse divisions, but by the utter disorganization which lhas'fallen upon them, breaking out almost every night in undisguised discord- and contentiont between each other. The Tory party neverwas strong in intelligence, but it nsed to possess discipline, which compensated it for all other deficiencies. This discipline is gone, and there is not anywhere a more unbridled and ungovernable mob than the ex-Protectionist, ex-Protestant party, of. which MD. DISRAELI is the nomainal leader, while Mr. WALPoiz, Sir JourN PA=GTON, and Mr. HENsy are each anxious to supplant him anda trip up each other. The session began by the discussion excited by the WNSNsLEYDALDE peerage, but,with the inadequacy which has characterized all its proceedinga, decided nothing. The step of maLkng Sir JAms PARKE a peer for life was taken withont any idea of the important consequences it was sure to draw after it, and now, after half a year's discussion, one can hardiy say that we are nearer a solution than we were at the commencement. The Lords have taken upon themselves to limit the prerogative by virtue of which they sit, and have solemnly declared the act of the QuraY> which creates a life peer utterly invalid to add a member to their House, without venturing in terms to pronounce it illegal. Government accepted this state of things as the basis of a negotiation, and the result was a compromise by which Lord DERBY consented to admit a limited number of peers for life, and Lord GnaviLLE to limit the prerogative to that number. Upon this was erected a scheme for a new appellate tribunal, which was to beo paid to do the judicial duty of the House of Lords, for which the Housd of Lords was to retain the credit. As the discussions in which this notable scheme originated began the session, so its final and indignant rejection 'oy the House of Commons ushered in, not inappropriately, its conclusion. Everytbing has been umsettled, and the whole matter stands over, to distract the deliberations of Parliament and exercise the invention of legislators and statesmen during the coming year, perhaps not even then to be finally concluded. The principal measures introduced into the House of Commons and actually passed into law were two-that for a General Police, and the Joint-stock Companies Bill. To these two Bills must be limited the legislative triumphs of the session, for wve seek in vain among the list of measures passed for anything that can come near them in importance. The Police Bill is a measure much needed, but it v'as probably only olving to the great ability, dexterity, and personal popularity of Sir GEoRGE GRxy that a bill which ran counter to the prejudices of almost every municipal corporation in the country passed the House of Commons. The success of the Joint-stock Companies Bill was complete. It was not only founded on a sound principle, but satisfied a want long felt and thoroughly understood out of doors. For this reason the bill passed through both Houses unmutilated, and had the rare felicity to become law without having its principle in any way impaired or its details confused by compulsory alteration. Its importance cannot be exaggerated. It is a step far in. advance of any measure for facilitating the association of capital ever adopted in any country. It enables any lawful enterprise to be carried out without expense by contributed capital, with all the advantages of incorporation, and thus removes an obstacle which had been most sensibly felt in the promotion of every species of industrial or benevolent enterprise. Yet this measure, so singularly successful in its passage throuigh Parlimnent, drew after it that INemesis which, in this session at least, has ever waited uipon important success. Associated with it so nearly that it might almost be said to form a part of it was another bill, designed to give to private partnerships, without altering their constitution or the law affecting them, facilities for obtaining an increase of capital, and thus competing with newly formed companies. This bill, however, being of a somewhat abstruse nature, little popular feeling was raised in its favour, so that it was in the power of the moneyed men of' the House of Commons, who saw in it a means of extending credit to private traders and restricting the loans given by bankers and bill discounters, to defeat it altogether. Among the most signal miscarriages of the session was the Local Dues on Shipping Bill, a measure proposed in the QuEmi's Speech, just in principle and elaborate in detail, but framed apparently in too sweeping and comprehensive a spirit for the House of Commons, which did not seem preparea either for the details or the principles to be applied to them. It was agreed on all hands that the passing tolls granted to different boroughs by acts of Parliament, the charities whih levied dues on shipping, and the privileges granted to freemen, which exempt them from contributing to funds from which they derive a share of benefit, should be taken away, but vwhen it was sought to apply this same principle to revenues raised from shipping for the benefit of municipal corporations the House became alarmed at the attaek on vested interests, as if all the interests we have just mentioned 'Were not also vested. The attack was strong, the support weak, the speech of the mover of the bill did nothing to conciliate opposition, and the measure was withdrawn by the Government in a panic and referred to a select committee, whose report we are still awaiting. The truth is, the measure turned out to be of much greater magnitude than any one concerned with it seems to have supposed. It involved principles which Government shrank from asserting, and could not in consisency deny. Next in importance among measures carried may probably be reckoned the Bill for Reforming the University of Cambridge, bearing, indeed, far too strong a family likenesw to the Oxford Bill of three years ago to be completely satisfactory, but, unlike the Oxford Bill, having conciliated the support of the Liberal party in the 'University, and being received without any decided ranifestations of diusatisfaction from any quarter. Next comes the County Courts Amendment Act., founded on the report of a Commission, which took, as it seems to us, a very narrow and inadequate view of the subject. I£ the County Court experiment has succeeded-and nobody now deniea its success-it is full time that it should receive further extension. Yet every avenue to that extension is sedulously obstructed, and the great question whether our Courts of first instance shall be local or central, and whether the siinplicity of proceeding which answers so well for contracts might not answer equaRly well for wrong3, has received no solution. The last important Ministerial bill which has been carried was that for effecting the arrangements necessary for the resignatlon of the Bishops of LoihDow and DL :Am. With this bill we fear, we must terminate our catalogue of Ministerial sueceBses, unleSS Sir ICIA.axs Woos'S excellent measure for placing the Coastguard under the Board of Admiralty, and thle acts for assimilating the Mfereantile Laws of England and Scotland, may be thought to deserve the., name. AMong their.failUres may be enumerated the biU for reforming the Corporation of the City of London. This bill was abandoned, apparently . from. deference to the opposition I got up by the City Corporation-an opposition worthy of very little consideration, and precisely of the kdnd, and degree that might hiave been expected. Aimther Ministerial failure was the Ecclesiastital Courts Bill, destined, like so many of its predecessors, to extinction, because it insisted on mixing up matters on which the public are ia earnest with others on which they are indifferent, and saddElig the public -with the payment of 160,0001. a-year for the aboliti6i of a monopoly of which they have never seriously complained. A siilar failure' was, with even more justice, incurred by the LoRD CHAacELaOR, who proposed the Church Discipline Act, containing the monstrous provision that four judges, each receiving 3,0001. a-year, should be appointed to try the five or six clerical delinquents who may be found during that period. Another miscarriage was the Bill to do. away with the Jurisdiction of the Encumbered Estates Court as a separate tribunal, defeated in committee by the exertions of Sir JAaExS GRAHA3L We may also notice the preparation in anad passage through the House of Lords of a bill for agricultural statistics, which foind so little favour in the House of Commons that it was withdrawn Without debate, and thus this great improvement, particularly designed for the benefit of the agriculturats, was, as has so often before happened;' defeated by the agriculturists themselves. The Board of Health has sustained two defeats on Health Bills which it has brought forward. The Poor Law Board has been obliged to abandon two measures, and a signal defeat was sustained, not merely by Government, but by the leaders on both sides, in the rejection of Prince ALBERT's scheme for the removal of the National Gallery from Trafalgar-square to Kensington-gore. This measure met with a similar fate to that of the Appellate Jurisdiction Bill, and had tlbis in common with it,-that it was ag,reed on by the leaders of both parties, but repudiated by the parties themselves. In the case of the l ational Gallery the result might also be traced to a feeling of jealousy at the interference of the Court. On the other hand, Lord PA,LNESTroN has to boast of two successes as signal as any which were ever attained by a British Mlinister. The capture of Kars, after so many heroic sacrifices and one such brilliant suce>ss, had excited the deepest regret and sympath,y in the mind of England, and Lord DERBY, not unnaturally, considered it as a vulnerable point in the defences of his political antagonist. The command of the attack was intrusted to Mr. WrnrTEsm, a gentleman possessed of what is called the old Irish style of eloquence,-that is, boundless fluency, unlimited metaphor, and a very small amount of logic, precision, or discretion. From the moment Mr. W xrnrEsD had delivered a bitter philippic against Lord STRATFORD DE RBDcuFFr the power of the Conservative party for combined action was extinguished. ATE herself was never more successful in flinging the apple of discord. The House of Commons also remembered that, whatever might be thought of the misfortune of Kars, Lord PALvsRRsToN had succeeded to the conduct of public affairs at a time of great danger and difficulty, and, while others had sought to tarnish our honour and lower our national character, had carried us through the conflict without loss and without discredit. The motion was rejected by an enormous majority. For another signal triumph Ministers were indebted to another Irish gentleman, Mlr. G.H. MooRE, who forced upon the House of Commons - debate on the recruiting in America, and thus exposed his party to a still more damaging defeat. Another triumph of the Government, scarcely less signal, was the almost unanimous assent to the conditions on which peace was concluded, an assent creditable to the moderation of Parliament. and highly honourable to Lord PAWIERSTON and Lord CLARENDON. Among the episodes of the session we may mention the single combat between Sir JLAEs GWtHAm and Sir Cn-?.Ers NAPrER, from which aeither party retired wholly unscathed, bat in which Sir CHnsLEs NAPIn did himself, by publishing confidential documents, infinitely more mischief than he siffered froni the laboured invectives of Sir JAmES GnsAHA. Another subject was the reform of the Statute Law, which was pressed upon the House with unusual ulrgency and frequency, but of which we have little hope tiU the House can be induced to carry more method and precision into its own proceedings, to give up fragmentary and desultory legislation, and to remember that it is only by working on fixed principles and by systematic rules that such a reform can be effected or perpetuated. Another remarkable episode was Lord JonN Russmn's attempt to re-establish himself in the opinion of the House and the country by the introduction of a general system of education. The failuire was as complete as any of those which have attended his later efforts, and its only result has been to establish a MIinister of Education in the House of Commons, and thus to diminish the I chance of the quiet working of the present scheme, on which our only hope of progress towards popular education depends. It is not very easy to account for the leading phenomenon of the past sasion, which certainly is that a Minist7y which is able to produce such proofs of the confidence of the House of Commons should have been foiled in so many measures, and have withdrawn so many more for fear of a similar fate. The cause must, we think, be sought partly in the Government itself, partly in the House of Commons, and, more than either, in the extraordinary manner in which that House is pleased to conduct its business. The Government, no doubt, has often shown a lack of debating talent in defending its measures, and a levity and want of earnestness in abandoning them at the first show of an opposition, often no greater than might reasonably have been expected. The House also seems to be less under party influence, and more inolined to think and act for itself; but there has been no enemy to legislation in this session at all coiam parable in his power of obstruction to Time. Parliamenct has done so little of what it has attempted for lack of the leisure necessary to carry out its designs. 'Never was so complete an exemplification of strenuous idleness. This seems to Us mainly to arise from two causes,-firt, that the House of Commons insists upon carrying every measure through all its stages in the full House, by which it entirely foregoes the advantage of the division of labour, and overwhelms itself with the business which a part of it could discharge much better than the whole; and, secondly, that so small a portion of its time is devoted to the despatch of the real business of the Session. It is admitted on all hands that legislation is impossible, except through the agency of the Government. The Government has also to carry through the House the estimates of expenditure for the year; it is alao expected to surrender its own business nighu to any one who demands an opportunity to impeach its proceedings. The House of Commons has -satsix months. For the first four of these Government has been allowed only two days out of five in every- week,: and -from these two must be deducted half Friday, generaUly taken up, by. an unpardonable'license, in maldng speeches on the motion for adjournment to Monday. From the 11th of February to the i9thi of June tLe House was occupied on Government: nights with the discussion of the esimates, with the exception of three or four nights given to the County: Poice,; and one to the: Joint-stock Companies. Bill.' All' other Government business had to be huddled through after 12 o'clock, at a period when, if any one objected, it 'was necessarily postponed.' Since Supply was finished the business of the House has: been a complete scramble, and, there being no -time for: discussion, measures were dropped to avoida thbe time which oppositiox- w6uld "cost. I is needless to add' thkit 'on the'' days 'not, ap-2 propriated t ;Govemnent, between couning out, speaking against 'time, urging stale claims, and the ventilation of impracticable theories by impracticable men, little or no business has been trausacted. Suiely it would, not be unreasonable to demand that the H6use of Com3aons should appropriate a little more than two-fifths of its time to the transaction of business, that the nuisance of Friday, adjorumment speeches should,be abated, and that some plan 'should be hit 'upon for delegating to a portion of the House the supervision of the details of legislation. Till these things are done we have little hope of witnessinag in future years any improvement of that much ado about nothing which has been the leading characteristic of 1856.
AImnong a large portion of the English public there has been too strong a tendency to regard competing politicians in fie United States as men ready to profess any opinion, echo I any ciy, flatter any prejudice, or pander to any dominant passion, for the sake of obtaining or retaining office; and some instances might be cited to justify such an impression as this. But, true as it doubtless is in certain cases, it is not true that all who are candidates for the highest offices of American government and for the approbation, of the majority of the people by whom they are bestowed are liable to such " criticism. We lately extracted from the Arerican papers a political address which is worthy of any people and any statesman. It is the reply in which Colonel FsrztoNT conveys to those partisans who have nominated him for the Presidential chair his willingness to accept it. Colonel Fxrmiox\ is a man of action in a country where action inspires greater admirationthan cultivated taste or philosophical reflection; and the events in which he has taken a ,conspicuous part cannot fail to exercise a great influence over the fortunes, not only of the American States, but the whole civilized world. Too little is known in Europe of the geography and recent history of the New W'orld for Colonel FREzoiNT's real merits to be appreciated through the haze of exaggeration. But, as the leader of the pioneers whose courage first forced a path for western adventure over the fastnesses of the Rocky Mountains to the treasures of California, he is fairly entitled to take his rank among those benefactors of mankind wlho ihave brought moral and physical hardihood to the performance of works suggested by science and accomplished by perseverance. Such a man must have many admirers among his own countrymen, yet few Englishnen, judging iby the tone of the American papers and the speeches of American legislators, were prepared to find that a man distinguished rather by his past career than his present partisanship was popular enough to command a nomination to the Presidential chair; and fewer still to find that, when solicited to compete for the honour, he could address to his fellow-citizens a reply so little vulgarized by the passions of the day, so little tainted by the epidemic fever of jealousy and violence. The Colonel lays stress upon two points,-the foreign policy of his country's Government and the extension of slavery to new States of the Union. On the first he observes,-" The assumption that " we have a right to take from another nation its "domains because we want them is an abandon"ment of the honest character which our country "has acquired; to provoke hostilities by unjust assumption would be to sacrifice the peace and "character of the country, whden ail its interests "might be more certainly secured and its objects "attained by just and- healing counsels, involving " no loss of reputation." When we hear of language like this being addressed to a young Republic, which, if it trembles with the sensitiveness, glows also with the ambition of youth, and addressed at a time when the sensitiveness and ambition of the people were vibrating with no ordinary puLsation, we may admire the honesty of the man who can thus pit himself against the national impulse, while we await with some curiosity the response which such an admonition may provolke. We have recently quoted an American reply to a common objection which we more than once repeated, on thepreponderating power enjoyed bythe less wealthy and less educated citizens of the States. The reply, so far as we could understand it, directly admitted the validity of the criticism. According to its tenour, the suffrages which determine who are to be the rulers and what is to be the policy of the Republic are really in the hands of the most illiterate and the least reflecting portion of the community. When we remember this our admiration of the Coloners frankness is enhanced. But if, as a Republican addressingr Republicans, he is freespoken on the subject of American aggressiveness, he is no less freespoken when, as a Southerner, he remonstrates with the Southern States against the extension of State slavery. On this point his words will find divided sympathy there, but universal sympathy here; and we suspect that even in the United States his sentiments will ere long command the adhesion of the majority. He does not express himself to his followers in the language of cant or exaggerated humanity. He seizes on that which, to a practical man, is the blot of the system, which would aUow the admission of more slave States into the Union. He denounces its glaring inconsistency with the principles on which the Constitution of the Republic is based, and with the material prosperity of that large class of free citizens whose subsistence depends upon the correspondence between soil and employment. We have been accustomed to twit the American people with their toleration of slavery in the Southern States. They have retorted on us that we first introduced among their ancestors that peculiar institution" with which we now reproach them. Thus far the blame of the existence of slavery may be said to be unequally divided between us. But, if they consider themselves justified by eircumstances in not abrogating a system which we contributed to form, they can plead no justification more admissible than the necessity of contending factions for extending tlke evil principle into States which were undiscovered and undreamt of when that system was sanctioned in Virginia or Carolina. Bad as it may be in its consequences, flagrant as it is in its contradiction, that a people whose constitution rests upon the perfect equality of the whole race of man should protect and perpetuate the existence of slavery in a portion of its territory, it is ten thousand times worse that it should7 propagate this terrible inconsistency at each step of its progreas and with each accesion of dominion. For the former there is that degree of paoliation which is generally accorded to the indolent toleration of great abusesi that owe their date and origin, to another generation than that- which cherishes them; -for the later, there is not only no palliation, but there is the: ag avtion of inoonsistencey, guilt, and danger. 'To cieatd new slve States is to irease the numbers of a population whieh conscious power mgay some day arm for the vindication of outraged feelings and violated rights. But it iW'soxnething-ore- it is to deprive the free, citizen of iliat_eiplojrient for hii labour.rhiiieh is; his. ony property; it is to create That monopoiy of temitorial poseWion.wich is so obnoxious to republican equslity and simplicity. - With every:new slave State there is a freshacession of xtrength ao arty w 1iC1, hOwever patriotiC it;may be in ts.ipt ort .ftejational honour abroad, cannot give 3a heartywsment to the spirit of national institutfonsa.t' home.' Whatever'policy, therefore, tends to' multiply the- slaveholders. or those interested in slavery tends also to foster a race whho can only be lilf-Republicans at heart. Colonel laeoNT's language on this point is as sound as it. is honest -" tould be out of place here to "pledge -nyself to any particular policy that has been suggested to terminate the sectional contro"versy engenderedbypdUlitical animositiesoperating "on a powerfu'l class banded together by common "interests. A practical remedy is the admission "of Kansas into the Union as a free State. . . . That fatal act which gave birth to this purely sectional strife, originating ih the " scheme to take from free labour the country "secured to it by a solemn covenant, cannot be "too soon disarned of its pernicious force. The "only genial region of the middle latitudes "left to the emigrants of the Northern States "for homes cannot be conquered from the * free labourers who have long considered it "as set apar' for them as an inheritance "without provoking a desperate struggle." We lhave seen other addresses lately which certainly did not meet tiiis awkward question in so bold a strain, but which coquetted with it, played with it, and rang the changes on the " federal " nion," the " preservation of our institu" tions," and the " merging of particular theories "in the safety of the Republic." We trust that the citizens of ft1e States will know how to appreciate a courage wvhicb will neither palter with a momentous questio i nor seek to base the satety of the Republic upon a timid compromise; and if, by his courage and his ability, Colonel lFrtEoamr secures the object of his patriotic ambition, we certainly shall congratulate both the States and this kingdom. on the elevation of a man who seems to reconcile patriotism with regard for the rights of others, and the resolution to do great things with a graceful abstinence from brag_ging of them.
It is somewhat a departure from our usual course to make the leading columns of this journal the medium for laying before the British publie the claims and grievances of individuals. To persons in the situation suggested the doors of our lawcourts are open; there is the remedy by petition to Parliament; finally, there is the public press. The conductors of any respectable journal are at all times ready to give insertion in the form of a letter to any well-authenticated complaint; indeed, no inconsiderable share of our own daily labour consists in considering and disposing of applications of this description. When an aggrieved person is admitted to make his own story known in this form, of course he, and he alone, is held answerable for the substantial truth of his statement. It is quite another matter when a case is " taken up," as the ordinary phrase runs, in the leading columns of a public journal, for such a step would no doubt imply, without special notice to the contrary, that the facts had been carefully investigated, the alleged grievances duly considered, and that the credit and character of the journal were to a certain ext-eat involved in the truth of the story. Now, with reference to the case which we are aboutt to bring under the notice of our readers, and which is the subject of an advertisement in our columns to-day, we would begin by disclaiming the faintest shadow of responsibility. We have not investigated the truth of the allegations to which we are about to advert; nor, inaeed, as thoy refer to scientific matters, and to secret passages of the scand.alous history of England 60 years ago, do we esteem ourselves competent to conduct an inquiry of that description. We wish merely that others should know, as we know, the story of mEaixY ConT, the father of the British iron trade-that is, that they should cast a glance over this brief abstract of a petition which his destitute family have presented to the House of Commons. This petition has been forwarded to us, and the allegations it contains are so completely of a national character, that, for once, we violate a general and necessary rule, and have determined to give to them all the publicity in our power. ITime was, some seventy years ago, that England was dependent upon Sweden and Russia for her supply of wrought iron. HENRY ConT, of Gosport, in the county of Southampton, an iron manufacturer, invented, and secured by patent, in the years 1783-1 784, two processes which relieved us from this commercial servitude, and liberated for the use of the English manufacturer the supplies of iron which are stored up so profusely under the; surface of these islands. "The first process "effected the cheap manufacture of wrought iron "by the flame of pit coal in the puddling furnace; "the second process, which was the rolling, this Ccheap wrought iron through GBoov}D oLRs, " enabled the manufacturer to Droduce twenty " tons of bar iron in the same time and with the " same labour previouslysrequired to manipulate one "ton of inferior quality by the tedious operation "of forging under the hammer." This allegation is given in the words of the petition. Before the year 1785, when iron was, comparatively speaking, but slightly used for commercial, maritime, or social purposes, we paid annually to Sweden something like 1,500,0001. for wrought iron. Then came the war, came commercial embarrassments, depreciated paper, foreign prohibitions, and an overpowering and increasing demand for more and more iron. The inventions of HRYn, ConT carried us easily through this period of sharp trial, and, as his descendants allege, were the principal cause of our success. It would indeed be impossible to exaggerate the advantages resulting from an unlimited supply of " the precious metal." The only points for consideration in this case are whether, first, to HENRY CoRT, and to him alone, the credit is due of enabling us to draw bilis unon VULOAOs at sight; and, secondly, whether he did not obtain all the remuneration to whvich he was fairly entitled by receipts from his patents, and so forth. Now, upon the first point, we are bound to declare that Mr. Coxr's son has sceceeded in obtaining the signatures of the most eminent engineers and ironmasters in England to the petition in which he sets forth his fathor's claims to be considered as the exclusive author of the improvements in the, manufacture -of iron. The point is one upon which hodile criticism i3 vert desirable, but until such very powerfl attestation as we see incorporated i tis petition is diaprove& there is no doubt a Vely -sioent preiumption tlut CORT,'of Gb6port,i entHtled to be- considered as the TUBAM Crn. of our century! saMd of our couM*. The of HENRY CoFT's ruin'We cannot. altogether dUs entangle from the sdlgation of the petition. The most condensed account of it is to be fouad in the ib8th ~paragraph, page 19, of the petition:.- "That for 1the,e unarailioed6 serviee6 Heer CetZ derived no ,smLuncrataioa. Ee expenidd apim:7t.fedms ex: ceeding20,0ODO. in bringing bs pateont prooeme6to comvela perfecion;- Whetlutht wias asoieved, and t Ya.wg irct! m, 'eEtthe hiinEdor ti had, ns relted aigneeetzctstoe payhim lOs. per tenfortheitr ra, his* pate't wete adasi by ajlih officer of the Croti holding the re.pondbhe sa lucrativc posts of. trasrurer 'of' the Ni& .ay SeeAebat Wit,' sand uinaer an extent obtained bythneperuy. eaoe fidential deputy his freeholds at Fontley, F a ria,a,nd Gosport. lued ith thaoi adgl i1a;~I, rade, at 39,ODDZ.,re hizver tol e sonof-publ defaflter in thatrWc Oirr rs o1B cesnf, - pbl ho nt of -these pioceeding -agent Copnwmg, everobtained either belore histdeathiun 80Q-etg afterward;. :Two or thre years - ela%ee from the' time that MxitR.. Co=v ha spe fsre oz the' scene,. and Parliament appointed a Com o4 0f Naval Inquiry to examine into the charges ' n, - the financial depairtent of the navy.' It appe'sI then, that the Treasurer and hi cdnfidenti3 deput afew weeks before the sitting of the Co dlemnified each other bj a joint rbleas, and agred to burn their accounts forsomething approagto a million and a half of the public money winch had passeathroughtheirihandsi TnthisgenerilconfilA tion all the evidence by wlhich Hzmav Co6ias !,ca couild have been established perished, and the cul-, prits refused to answer any questions which would have criminated themselves. As far as we caa make out the story, :RExny CORT was involved in the ruin of a public defaulter with whose crunes he was not in any degree concerned. FRe, .as the only., solvent person connected with any transactions in, which this person was involved,wasnmade to pay to I theextent of his last.61l1ling. Itisprobableindeed, that from his royalties, and, receipts under his' patents, CoBT or his repre5entatives couid have satisfied all claimn Time, however, was denied. him, and the simpler plarn adopted of ruining himand his descendants outriht, and at once. The influence of the culprits and the exigencies of political life forbade all hope of raising the questior in Parliament at any subsequent period. Such is a brief outline of this remarkable case, anad thus much we wil venture to say --If the statements of HENiy Co?-es son turn out on investigation to be true he and his sisters are well entitled to some mark of the public gratitude. We cannot pretend to encumber our columns with the calculations which are inserted in the petition as to the amount to vhich the nationsl wealth has been increased by ConT's processes in the manufacture of iron. Let any one think of our iron fleet, iron gunboats, iron mercantile marine, iron railways, iron engines, iron cotton mills, iron suspension and tubular bridges, iron batteries, iron palaces, &c., and then ask himzself what should be the measure of public gratitude to the descendants of a man who endowed his country with such an amount of wealth and power. While others have, upon the strength of fIIsENy CoRT's discoveries, been raised to the position of millionaires, his children are almost starving. We should be ashamed for the honour of England to mention the amount of the penision which has been conceded to them by the CROWN and Parliament. It is about equal in amount to the wages of a domestic servant of the humblest description, and even this has been made subject to deductions. For the sake of our national credit, it behoves all persons of influence in the country to give the case of IIxwR ConT's children their immediate consideration. In bringing the subject under their notice our duty is discharged,
COU-RT CIBCULAB. The Queen held a Privy Council at Osborne yesterday afternoon. It was attended by his Royal Highnesi Prince Albert, the Lord Chancellor, Viscount Palmerston, First Lord of the Treasury; Sir- George Grey, Secretary of State for the Home Department; the Right Hon. H. Labonchere, Secretargy of State for the Colonies; Lord Panmure, Secretary of State for War; the Right Hon. E. Vornon Smith, President of the Board of Control for the Afairs of India; Lord Stanley of Aiderley, President of the Board of Trade; the Right Hon. ML T. Baines, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster ; and Lord Ernest Brcee, Vice-Chamberlain (offi cialing for the Lord Chamberlain). His Royal Highnessthe Dulke of Cambridge was intro. duced at the Privy CounciL The Royal Speech on elosing the SesAson of Parliament was submitted, and was approved by Her Majesty in Couneil. The Hon. William Bathurst was the Clerk of the Council in Waiting. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, General Commandimg in Chief, bad an audience of Her Majesty. Viscount Castierosse had an audience of the Queen and kissed hands on being appointed Controller of Her Majesty's Household. Lord Panmnure and Mr. Secretary Labouchere had audi. ences of Her Majesty. The Duke of Cambridge, Viswount Palmers ton, the Lord Chancellor, Sir G. Grey, Lord Psumure, Mr. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, Mr. Baines, Lord Ernest Brcee, Viscount Castlerosse, aud the Hon. W. Bathurst left the Waterloo-bridge terminus at 25 minutes past 9 o'lock yesterday morning byaspecial train on the London and South. Westernailway. Mr. Secretary Labouchere joined the party at Basingstoke. On arriving at Gosport the Royal Duke and the Ministers embarked on the Black Eagle, and crossed to the Isle of WiTght, arriving at Osborne at half-past 1 o'clock. After attending the Queen's Co-rt the Duke of Cambridge, the Ministers of State, and the officers of the Royal Houseiold re-embarked on the Black Eagle at balf-paat 4 o'clock, and crossed to Gosport, where the Duke of Cambridge remained. Visnount Palierston and the other Cabinet Ministers travelled from Gosport to London by a special train on the Scuth-Wegtern Railway. OSBORNE, JuLY28. The Queen and Prince, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, and Princess Alice attended divine service at Whip' pingham Church yesterday morning. The Pxincess of Prussia also attended the service. The Rev. G. Prothero officiated. The Prince of Prussia, attended by Count Puekler and Lieutecant.Colonel de Boyen, took leave of Her Majesty this morning, and left Osborne for London. His Royal Highness will honour the Duke of Richmond with a visit at Goodwood to-morrow, and proceed thence to Dover en routc for Germany.
- KATIoxN GAnTwY.-An altarpiece, by an early Florentine master, Benozzo Gozzoli, has been added to the nationaleollection. It represents the Virgin and (hid, s;urrounded by angels and saints. From t he oiinal contract, recently published at Florence, it appears that this picture was painted in 1461-2, for tb.e altar in the church of the Comlpany of St. Mark; it is thus identified withaworknot4edby Vasari in his life of the artist. The picture sub. sequeatlv came into private hands, andwas pur. chased from the remainder of the einuccini coLlee. tion for the National Callery. A:stc"Tz Rgnn ois wirr RussiA.-During therecenit voyage of the Ward Jackson, screw steamer, to the tret aritime apital of Russ, her captain became the hero of au adventurenot unworthy of record. A. boat carry-. ing two officers ut off from the cup of a Russian admiral at Cronstadt, and boarded the merchant steamer. The cAP.- tain (Weatherley) showeed his gallant visitors the pect due to theirrank, invited them to his cabin. and, before they left hira, enterined them with the god E3nglish fare with which ill the eessels of the Wesbt H&artepoi line are so exoeUeatly supplied. NSor were the Ruasian oficers to be outdone in courtes by the hearty British tar, as the seque' discovered. Captain We.therley and his offiloers. were' honoured by being invitedto retur the -ivit of 'heir nowly acquired navl friends, aud did uo. Several of the Russianoffieers spoke English dfluently; mutual cougrsultions on the advent of peace and mutual good wishes on the,prspects of the hopeful ftiture lwere exchanged; and the =rdenSe cordi4<f, VW most cordially and 3jyoualy pemieate. Tho mcidet~ iin ths very pI inwroomrie -in the tAtic, howrever, remaius to be tol"d.n thece .r of eowversation, one of the Russian officra, whoad .ingecWd the Ward. Jckson, exprcsied his smprise at -the number of gins and large quantity of powder sshc had on board,*and asked :For an explanation of itho circumstanoe Capai Webeiey, having no plot to corieeal,sT the euly5 Or of wlhirl the queA;onic admite "rhepow r? Gh, tosalute our friends, to be sure." "Thev"o adt XRtUteoNtffi'Rn<it*;AyRbiemlua 151MW ouor, r beollecting that tl¶bad aReuss;= th re iubidns hiedsW l&y, f quite ais, insult for -nearchantmaia = fea aduUebeice . admiiral?a . bip?" And a& it wbceld. The. 1siante.W knew thait in niavali~ i $44tcel is . mhi%U5 of; buth. was notto},e oved hty a oefirmAth ioof kis view of h ' ,C a. Wea d h.ebdIyfir.d a^ dmirals salute had rasd the umlax elaato the fora This WasimUiditly foU@ii 1) thxe heisting df the British eatia by the B~i a lbkh, aa b'ith laOUda.ord hafuJl. at .r p cation of thisauspicious comDlIneaL-l;ce.Is tellgewc.
INDIA AND CINA. Y R T G ? (>- SlJBiEB3NE JIhvD BBlZAH TELE:GRAP. We have received the following telegraphic despateh from Triesteo: -TRIESTE, MonvAY, JULY 2S. "The stea-meriBombay arrived here to-day,in 140 hours from Alexandria, at half-past 5 o'clock p.m. 'She left Alexandria on the 22d. 5The India and China mails left Alexandria on the 22d of July, with intelligence from Calcutta to the 17th of June, Bombay to the 26th of June, Hongkongto the 10th of June, and Shanghai to the 2d of June.. "The disturbances in Kimedy are over. "The Bank of - Bengal. has again reduced its rate of, discount by I per cent. E; Exchange at Calcutta, 2s. lid. ," The produce market wa-s inactive. Exchange ail Bombay, 2s. 1gd. The money-market was elsier. Trade. was depressed. The banks have zduced their rates 1 per cent. " The revolution in China is progressing. 65 7'hinese rebels had been beheaded in Canton in one |".Exchange at Canton, 4s. 10d.; Shanghai, 7s. Id. | " Freights at Canton, 4g.; at Shanghai, 31. 10s. fo. tea. The crops of silk and tea are abundant. I '" The maother of the ex-Eing of Oude has arrived anedgypt. "fRedschid Pashta has returned to Constantinople."
HER IfAJESTS THEAMTE. 7Ihe approaching close of the season is denoted by the departure of one of the principal "stars." Tast night Mademoiselle J. Wagner took her farewell benefit in the chra.'ter of Tancredi, and received all the honoers due to her well-established reputation. Three calls after the fall of the curtain and a profusion of bouquets signalized the occasion. Mademoiselle Piecolomini is now the sole remaining primoa donna of the establishment, and the rest of the season, including the extra nights, wfill be devoted to operas in which she plays the principal part. When these have expired it is understood she will commence a professional bour in the provinces, to be folowed by an engagement at Paris. Mademoiselle Wagner departs immediately for Berlin.
REaBxEsnA TAow OF NOTmoHAm. - Yeste-rday morning ass address from Wr. Ernest Jones (Char. {iiSt) offering himself as a candidate, was issued. Mr. Jones states in his address that he offers himself as a candidate for the suifrages of the electors in pursuance of an invitation with which he was honoured some time since at a large and influential meeting of Chartists, held in the Town-hall, and as one who has mnade the political and social condition of the people the study of his lfe. Mr. Jones goes on to state that he is in favour of granting the vote to every male adult of sound mind not undergoing punishment for crime; that he is an advocate ef the ba11ot, a suppo3r of equal constituencies on the same prmdple on whtich he is an onponent to class legislation, that the interests of the few may not predominate over those of the many; that he is in favour of the abolition of a property qualification for the representative, payment while serving a constituency, and the limitation of members' term of office to one year. He also advocates the restoratioin of the waste and common lands to the people, and the gradual a£ plication, by those means and the nurchase of lands as speedily as practicable and safe froni the present large proprietors, of a greater amount of labour to theproduction of food. With reference to external policy, he is for peace when peace can be maintained with honour, and desiies to see an English- policy pursued by this country, ;nstead of a itusso-Gersuan one. it is not improbable that another candidate may yet make his appearance, as the entire Liberal rty are not satisfied with Mr. MKills, who is almost un4rown. TAE Svi-TRA-mSRoPoT SPARTA .-Her Mlajesys steamer Triton, sent by the Rear-Admiral Superintendent, the Hon. Sir Montaga St pford, to the assistance of the Spartan, which ran on the (ane, or Dog Rocks, on the night or the 5th of July, as already stated in Tie Times, retiused to Malta on the 17th, brimging with her Captain Milburn and the crew of the ill-fated vessel. The troops on board had arrived previously'in safety in Her Majesty's steamer Shewater and the steam-transport City of London, from Tunis. whither they were conveyed from the Rocks by a French steamer. The Triton and Shearwater arrived at the Dog Rocks at midnight on Wednesday, the 9th inst., wlhere they found the Spartan lying on a reef on the outskirt3 of the Rocks, broken in three places on the port side, and having iD. her a depth of from 15 to 17 feet of water. Early on the following morning the Triton and Shearwater proceeded to Tunis. After the embarcation of the troops on board the Shearwater and the City of London, which badin the meanetime arrived, the Triton returned on Friday to the wreck, which she reached at noon the same day. In spite of a heavy sea, the work was commenced of removing the anchors, cables, sails, rigging, and masts, nearly all of which, together with a considerable portion of the Government stores on board, were transhipped to the T-riton and to a lighter which she had brought with her from PMalta for the purpose. Great praise is due to Captain Fletcher, of the Triton, who, aided by his crew, was indefatigable in his endeavours to save everything possible. A letter was addressed to Captain Mi,burn, of the Spartan, in the namne of the officers who were on board at the time, thanking him for the handsome treatment which they had receivedfrom him, andexpressive of their admiration of his coolness, perseverance, and fortitude at the time of the accident. The Spartan is, with the exception of her spars, tackle, and stores, likely to bh entirely lost. TuENEKWFOUNDLAND SuwurA s CABrg.--SMxysY, (CAPE BRETOx, July 12.-The submarine electric telegraph cable for the New York, Newfoundland, and London Telegraph Company was successfully laid on the 10th inst. from the steamship Propontis, Captain Goodwin, under the directiod of Mr. Samuel Canning, aeross the Gulf of St. lawrence, between Cape Ray Cove, Newfoundland, and Ashby Bay, Cape Breton: a distance of 85 miles, in 15 hous. Messag§eare nowv being freely and instantaneously transmitted from siore tQ shore. We understand that the company have abdut 700 men at work in Newfoundland and on Cape Breton. The Newfoundland line from St. John's to the point -where it intersects with the lines of the American Telegraph Company in Nova Scotia will be about 600 miles in length, and it is confidently expected that the whole will be completed and in successful operation by the At of September; and, from arrangements already completed, it is also, we understand, confidently expected by the New York, Newfoundland, and London Telegraph Company that the cable to connect Newfoundland and Ireland wil be laid down during the ensuing year. The best electricians and practical telegraphers entertain no doubt but that the extraodinary printing telegraph recently invented by Mr. Hughes has removed every serious ob. stacle in the way of the triumphant success of the Tnns. atlantic line.-iYews Yor k Herald. PkosPEOTs of GAix.-We hear very conflicting accounts of the sportemais's prospects for the approachmg season. Grouse were scarce last year, and from alf accounts will not be abundant on' the 12th of August. Gentlenien who have been taking a turn over moors with dogs, with a view to renting, confirm the accounts of gamekeerers on other grounds that the birds are not plentiful and thecoveys short in number, show ing occasional;ly three or four, but rarely more than six bird. Of black game we have better reports. Of pheasants aud partridges we are almost afraid to speak, as we have not bad such discouraging accounts for many years. The very heavy and continua! rains that fell during and subsequent to the hatching seasonweremost destructive both to eggs and broods. We lately, during a stroll, flushed six pairs of partridges, and in not one instance was there a brood, the existence of which is easily known by the way in which the hen flies; and, in regard to pheasants, we know aeveral instances in which vwhole broods have been found actually drowned in ditches and on flooded ground. On high light lands things may be a shade better, and on the moo: edges, incubation being later, partridges have, to a yreat extent, esae ; but, on the whole, we are led to think season 1856 - be under an average for winged game. Hares and rabbits are as plentiful as the busy nets of the poacherwillpermit.-Ayr Adveruere. The prospect of grouse shooters in this nei_hbo r- hood iS at present very good. The coveys number from 10 to 12 birds each, and are strong in the wing for the season. There isno appearance of disease, and there are vrery fewr barren birds. At the corresponding period of last year the average number of tho coveys was six birds.-Greeuc MaRS. . i:. WEBB'S RX&DoGS.-" Uncle] Tom" and his Cabin have not yet disappeared from the gaze of the london publ;c. Yesterday afternoon a longline of carnages, drawnup before Stafford-house, the residenceof theDnehes3 of Sutherland, declared to the west-end world that some new attraction had brought together several membars of the hiber circles. Mrs. M. E. Webb, a lady of colour, daughter of a Spanish gentleman and of a female slave of Virginia, had recently arrived in London, bringing writhhera dramatized version of IJncie Toona'aGs iin, scsmpceed byKhlrs. Stow&e herself, for the purpose of a publie reading, and the hall of the sple^ndid manon in St. fameshs hsadhbeen granted to herhy} the Duchess, as the site of the entertaimnent. Placed behind a reading deslk, Ms. Webb read in a clear voice, and with great signs of intelligence,the interestng scenes that had beenprned for her, andwhich comnprised ihelmost celebrated dialognes aad incdents in the celebrated noveL Without exactly caing the different parts, she discriminated them with a gret deal of nicety, and the dark hue of her. deEcately-formed countenmnce gave a characteristic, tone to the performance. The Earl of Sh%ftesbury and severzl distinuishebd adherents of the plilanthrouic party were among hr audience, which could scareelybe surpassed in brillanoy. Mr Webb has already aDpeared with eluleCss in severalof the chief towns of the 'United States, and from the interest which she excited yesterday it is not improbable that she'may find a large nimbe* of patrons in this' country. Fniss,-The Phantom, Harvey master, has arsived in 21. days fromn St. Bartholomews,s with a cargo cf 50,000 pinea, tainri«uds, cotton,s turtle-shell, and plasntainas for Messrs. 3Keeling and H[unt, being an epcoch mn the ,hiory of StL atholomew's to have + cargo of pro4uces despatched to e nglsnd for the first timne.
THE CRIMEA. IA pottloa tha fod o lon ippeare moor aecond odi- tioni of yestey.-1 (FROM OUR SPEOLAL COrESrPONDElT.) I WEDNESDDAY NrIGr, Jurv 2. The scene of destraction is as complete as thei desolatiorn in the camp. Four huge pile of timber, shattered huts, furniture,' stools, benchesItables, :abZng, and planks of all sorts, are blazing fiercely on the ' Fourth Division ground, throwing columi5 of light into the air, which illuminate the deserted plateau far and wide. One of these, -by th by, consists of a somewhrat more valuable material than the rest. It is formed of about 500,000 lb. of charcoal, which was left on the ground near the central dep6t, and it is now a grand pyramid of orangecoloured flame, which must have cost in one way or the other a very considerable sum of money. These rude pyrotechnic displays are of course symbolical of much waste and prodigal outlay, and want of method or forethought; but much of the pro fuse sacrifices we are making may have been unavoidable under the circumstances. The. Comi. missariat officers were told the evacuation would take much longer than has been the case, and they made preparations accordingly. They ari consequently left writh contracts on. their hands., for which acquittal fines must be paid, and with large quantities of stores, which they are endeavouring to sell in the East wherever they can. The prices at which they propose to dispose of these stores' to all comers are moderate enough-e. g., per 100 lb. biscuit, 22s. 10d.; rice, 1Ss. 10d.; sugar, 19s. lLd.; coffee, 66s. Sd.; tea, 95s. 10d.; cocoa, 58s. 4d.; pepper, Ss. 6d. ; rum, per gallon, 3s. 2d.; spermaceti candles, per 100 1b., 116s. 8d.; moulds, 65s.; compressed vegetables, 1 66s. 8d.; barley, with sacks, 14s.; hay, 14s. 3d. straw, 8s. 9d.; salt beef, per 30 lb, 196s. 2d.; salt pork, per 320 lb., 222s. ld. The Sardinians want Sf. per bundle of 150 to 200 lb. weight of hay; the English want i4s. per IGO lb. of hay-bat ours is much better than theirs. The quantity of stores which will be abandoned on the ground is necessarily very considerable. Chopped straw, charcoal, and such matters, will not pay for the cost of reisoval. The live stock and animals of the army will not cause any very great loss, the mules, for example, having been sold in most instances at prices very nearly approaching the original cost. The camels have turned out badly. Out of 2,000 fine-haired camels collected at Sinope only a few hundred survived the severity of last winter. They are delicate animals when exposed to change of climate, and the mange is particularly speedy in its ravages among them. That disease made great havoc in the Land Transportstables during the winter, and it sometimes caused 500 deatns among the mules in one week. The men who attended the mules were also attacked with itch, but of course they were more readily affected by medical treatment. On the wnole, our army has lost much less than the French, whose trains des equipages were annihilated last winter, and whose depots were thinned agaim and again by diseases which they could not control. Whatever losses the country may have sustained under these heads, and in consequence of surplus stores, must be attributed to the fact that we had to complete our preparations for war and to provide an army, 3,000 miles from home, with the means of undertaking a vast and perilous campaign at a time when peace was allbut certain We had to collect organic and inorganic material up to the very instant that it all became useless, or at least was not required for use. It was impossible, perhaps, to say " Stop" at any earlier period, and so the Commissary-General and the Director-General of Land Transport had to go on. The Russians will, no doubt, profit largely, in spite of alR we can do. Some contractors have purchased huts for 11. each, with the view of making the wood into matches I Others have bought them to seU to the Russians. Quantities of iron hoops and barrel staves have also been bought up on speculation. At Odessa Colonel MMurdo found that the Russians would not buy mules or horses on account of the Government, although the authorities were wiling to remit the import duty, but he discovered that there was also an export duty, which they would not, or could not, abrogate, and so he was compelled to forego any speculative operations in that market. Many of the ships destined to remove commissariat barley from the Crimea have arrived, and will soon be followed by others. All the Land Transport Corps carts have been busy in removinog barley and compressed hay from the depOts to Balaklava, but great stores of various kinds, such as charcoal and chopped straw, must be abandoned, as it would not pay. to remove them. There are about 2,000 bullocks in the Crimea beyond those required for the troops up to their departure, and the money represented by these animals is at least 16,0001. The Commissary-General will be obliged to find transport for them, if he eannot sell them to the Russians, and according to all accounts the Crimea is so full of cattle that there is little chance of doing so. As they cannot be left behind, they must be sent down to some market for sale, and the result will be that the evacuation Will not be completed so soon as was expected, should we be obliged to keep some one to see after their shipment. Major-General Garrett will hand over Balaklava and this portion ef the Crimea t4 the Russians, after which he will proceed to Gibraltar, to command a brigade of the troops assembled tchere. Already the Russians send in their guards with prisoners to the Provost-Marshal of Balaklava. Once more the gray coats, flat caps, and long, polished, brass-bound musket-barrels may be seen on the heights of Inkermann. The offences for which prisoners are made are generally trifling, and for the most part consist in having made attempts to cross the lines to Simpheropol or Bakshiserai without proper passes. On this point the' PRussians are very strict, and they have had it notified, moreover, at Constantinopolethattheywillnotpermit any person to land in the Crimea henceforth except those who have formerly lived there, and are about to return permanently. They sent in great distress the other day to tell us there were two drunken soldiers of a Highland regiment at Simpheropol, and the Provost-Marshal made preparations to send two of his sergeants to arrest them, but the Russians marchedthem in before our men reachedthere, and it turned out that they had wandered away from their regiment at Kertch, with the object of lark-hunting generally. Several of their comrades have evinced equally erratic tendencies. The Russi&ns will heneeforth make great efforts to .increase the nuumber of tneir German colonies in the Crimea, and to found other colonies of Muscovite blood instead of the Tartar population. These latter will be sent to the interior, to Cherson, and other places where their race still exists. The poor emigr,a'nts who left the Crimea for Baltafiik and Kostendje have, I hear, reaon to repent their choice, astlhey are aii bnt starving, and are not well. treated bytshe Iative inhabitanta. The litfe tourmde by. ajor Hammersly, Captain Brook-e andr Sinclair ia the north of the Crimea only demotratedj-nmore clearly the;enor. mous difficulties ixperiie' .by. ou enemier n maintaining thr ro It did more; it nafied every one w eir.cbifirmon of preinous detaisthat if . ailili advancda the 8th of Sepnefolid fthe enemyt supposing they retreated, or forc&i their positi6n and defeatedlthem. in castheystood, the whole Russian army of the South hAust have swurrndered prisoners of war, and.tliat herson, Berilsfe NichoIaieff,and Odessawouldhave-.been xeriouglymenaced. All the north side, its giins, its garrison, all the mirieZ, all the provisionsand magazines of Balkahi-. serai and Simpheropol, must have fallen into. our hands, and about 60.000 or 70,000-men. sBut why. so 0" somo one will ask. "Could they not have got aiay "," Most certainly not. There are but two outlets from the Crimea; the first is by the ibtmus at Perekop, the second is by the bridge over the Putrid-Sea at Tchongar. The approach to these outlets lies over waterless, foodleis plateaux,. broken up by deep salt lakes. The wells, which. yield a scanty supply of disagreeable, water, are profound pits, of which the shallowest is 100 feet, and many are as deep as 150 to 250 feet. They are scattered over the country very sparely, and they containbutlittle water. Under such circumstances the Russians have been obliged to pour in their reinforcements by driblets, to carry water whenever they wanted to push on. even a single regiment, an d to take the greatest care of the wells on their way; in one word, it was impossiblo for them ever to have marched a body of 5,000 or 6,000 men by-either of those routes in dry weather. Imagine how helpless would have been the position of an army of 70,000 or 80,000 men of all arms, broken and dis- pirited, henmmed in by this salt prairie and by thewaters of the Sivash, and struggling in vain to reach those outlets under a burning sun, lnd pressed by a victorious enemy. They could not march, nor, if they once got away, could we have pursued; but no General in his, senses would have risked the entire destruction of his axmy by retreating under circumstances like those from the south of the Crimea; and the Russians confess their position was hopeless had they been attacked andbeaten at any point along their lines. It is believed, indeed, by many persons that Marshal Pelissier received orders from the Emperor after the fall of Sebastopol not to attempt anything further against the enemy, inasmuch as the glory of the arms of France had culminated at the MAalakhoff, and the prospect of an agreeable peace was visible to the keen eye of the accomplished politician. If such were indeed the case, the Czar is under deep obWgations to his Imperial cousin. As to the English Generals, since Lord Raglan's death, and even, according to NI. de Bazancourt, before it, they rather represented, in their relations with the French, the Blakes and Caestas of Spain wvith Wellington than those of our Marlboroughs with the Eugenes of past time; and even if we had had a larger army than France, I doubt if our Simpsons and Codringtons could hold their own against the persistence and brusque deter mination of our allies in council. When our travellers were at Perekop they observed that the defences of the place, such as they were, consisted of redoubts directed against an advance from Russia Proper, and not from the south of the Crimea, and they made a similar discovery at Tchongar, where the tgte-depot was strongly fortified towards the north and was open towards the south. These works were, in fact, mostly thrown up at the time of the Kinburn expedition, which the Russians very naturally believed to be the precursor of an immediate operation against their army in the Crimea, to the results of which they looked with very great apprehension. At Perek-op they found General Von Wrangel, who received them with much hospitality and kindness. The old Tartar citadel and the remains of a wall and parapet are stiR visible; but the defences of the place are very weak; water is very scarce, and very bad; but the climate is healthy, except when the wind blows across the Sivash. So miserable was the condition of the Rusias, however, that no less than 25,000 men were killed by sickness and disease at Perekop, and their bodies lie in the earth around that fatal village. There were laxrge hospitals and ambulances established here, but, large as they were, they were far too small for the dempands upon them, and many convoys of sick had to be sent onto Kherson, Berislaff, and Nicholaieff. At Tchongar the tourists were refused permission to pass the bridge, and that refusal was confirmed by the General commanding at Genitchi, to whom they applied to rescind the decision of his subordinate. They examined the bridge, however, and found it was well and substantially built of wood. The waters of the Sivash are as clear as crystal, and are so intensely bitter that no fish frequents them except a small flounder. The bottom consists of a stratum of fine shells, of two or three inches in thickness, just sufficient to bear a man treading lightly upon it, but if one presses with all his weight down on this crust of sheUs it breaks beneath his feet, and up rushes a quantity of black mud and a bubbling stream of stinking gas, probably sulphurated hydrogen, which .has perhaps obtained for this lagoon such an unseemly title. The banks are high and steep, and in the centre of the stream there is a channel, about 9 feet deep, all the way from Genitehi to the bridge of Tchongar. The use of the word " stream" may be objected to by those who are not aware that this sea presents the curious phenomenon of a steady current running from Genitchi west to Perekop, where there is no outlet whatever, so that there must be an under current out again, or, as the natives believe, a prodigious evaporation on the shoals at the extremity of the sea. Another interesting point our friends visited was the Fortress of Arabat, which, it may be recollected, was bombarded for several hours by the allied squadron of light steamers and gunboats immediately after they entered the Sea of Azoff. This bombardment was made much of at the time, and figures perhaps as one of those glorious achievements in that sea of which we have been recently astonished to hear. The fact is, however, that not only was little or no harm done to the fortress, but that the R-ussians cLaim it as a victory, and have promoted the officer who commanded for " beating off the allied fleet." Such will always be the resut of an attack by sea on any land defences so long as the enemy retain one gun to fire when the attack has ceased; and it appears bad policy to bombard any fortress, unless it is done with the determination of smashing and silencing every pieee within its walls. The Spit of Arabat was very little used at any time bythe enemy, and a curious instance of the ignorance of our chartmakers was discovered on referring to the sites of wells marked on the maps. There were no wells on the Spit at all, and that for the simple reason that they were not required. The water of the Sea of Azoff close to the Spit is quite fresh, and can be drunk with safety by man or beast. The salt lakes are very conspicuous features in the desolate scenery of northern Crimea. They are sur rounded by very high precipitous banks, and the waters seem black; rom their great depth. One of these, Lake Veliki, is connected with Perekop by the line of redoubtg, seven in number, recently constructed. Wherever these abound fresh water i e andthe wells are deep. Eacb.village has about two wells, and the supply is so smnll that it would fake a day at any one station to water a regiment of cavalry. In the south there is abundance of fresh water,'of bloomuingv allevs, of fruit, corn, vines, and fcrest trees; but for the cultivavation and growth of these Russia is mainly indebted to the industrious xerman . colonists. Kxonthal, Neusatz, Friedenthal, Rosenthal, ZuIichthal, Eeilbronn, and other villages founded bythese industrious people are pat s of neatness and fru-gal comfort. Most of -:the emigantcame from Wurtcmberg, and they still think anl speak fondly of "cfatherland," but the Rusmians give them small -ground 'for complaint. They are exemptb from all miliitay service for 100yeaxr'and their onlytribaeto to the State.is a capitation ta;x o£. 20a iRier roublea, |orhich. they' are in general wreJI abel to-py. Itis now proposed to extend7 those iettlemreni, 'anid fo' introduce on a very liareIscse the iystem of. milltary colonie, to be 'peopled by pure Rsis. Vast as the population of Russia in in the aggregate, the extient of her territory is9 such thaW, in thepresent state of internal communication, it is difficult for her to 'concentrate troops, notwitlhtanding the. ruthless system0 of conscription,: compulsory levies, and percentage enlistments. Towards the end of the war Sebastopol swallowed up her armies by 'hole divisions, and a battalion a-day !was engulfed. in the yawning craters of our shells. The march of a regiment through a country such .as has been described was as fatal as a battle, and it was customary to estimate the reduction in strength caused by moving from Odessa to Sebastopol at 35 per cent. hors de comnbat. During the worst days of its trials the Russian army in the Crimea lost 500 men a-day ! This does not inelude casualties caused in the siege. The attention of their medical men has been directed to tLe enormous losses of their army and to its extreme unhealthiness in campaigns, and a Board, consisting of a few of their most eminent men, has made minute inquiries into the medical administration of the allied armies. They were greatly impressed with what they saw at Balaklava, and one of them exclaimed, "We heard you were prepared for a three years' war; we -fiad you are ready for twenty." Throughout their long and interesting. tour of 42 days on horseback the little party whose course I have briefly indicated were received with the greatest kindness and hospitality by all the Russians except on one occasion. The General at Perekop was particularly kind, and his Stai were so attentive that our officers exchanged swords with them, and, having sent those they got in return to Simpheropol, they completed the greater part of the tour unarmed. To General Wrangel they also were indebted for much kindness and consideration. Sir John flail, Dr. Fowler Smith, Dr. Ligertwood, Lieutenant-Colonel Curxon, ex-Assistant Military Secretary ; Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Weare, ex-Commandant of the Head-Quaxters Camp; and Captain Seymour Blane, were among the passengers on board the Emperor to-day. ,Sir John Ial succeeded as Principal Medical Officer of the Army on the retirement of Dr. Burrell, and he has never been absent from the Crimea for a single day except on a short trip to Scutari, whither he went on duty. It was during his absence, while Dr. Dumbreck was acting as Principal Medical Officer, that Lord Raglan published the severe general order respecting the medical department, inconsequence of his seeing some sick men on the beach at Balaldava. The Principal Medical Officer at Balaldava, or his subordinate, was alone to blame for that, but the whole department was censured. Dr. Dumbreck soon afterwards went home to England, before " the troubles " came on, ancd Dr. Hall rettured to head. quarters, where he has ever si'-,e remained. Dr. Fowler Smith and Dr. Ligertw,. A have alo been in the Crimea uninterruptedly since the army landed. Indeed, it will be found thatpro ra.t more of these poor despised medicos have stuck to their poststhrough evil report, sickness, and suffering than of their fighting brethren. F.RiDAY, JuLy 4. The Calcutta steam transport cleared out of Bala3dava with a full cargo of Hussars and horses. She had onx board Brigadier Warren, C.B., Colonel Price, Captain Davies, Major Hayman, Major Hawkins, Captain Willdnson, Dr. Elliot, &c., Royal Artillery; Major Goodlake, Guards; Colonel Peel, Captain Dallas, Lieutenant Cockburn, Mr. Wilkin, Lieutenant Webbe, 11th Hussars, Mr. Gloag, principal veterinary surgeon to the army, and others whose names I forget. Brigadier Warren, who served with credit in the East, was in command of the 55th when that distinguished regiment commenced its glorious career intheCrimea,and was wounded at Inkermann when animating the men to continue their resistance to the advance of the enemy up the hilL He was in the advanced parallel on the 8th of September when his brigade attacked the Redan, and, if I am not misinformed, this experienced officer is one of those military men who were surprised that the assault was not persisted in and repeated, and who were of opinion that the Royals-a fine battalion, in perfect order-should have been sent on at the critical moment, instead of being kept idle in the ditch by General Codrington. Dr. Elliot is one of the few officers who have gone through the campaign without having been even absent for an hour from the Crimea since7 the landing of the army. Colonel Peel was ill on board ship in Balaklava on the 25th of October, but it was no fault of this energetic officer that he was not engaged, and he has taken every means to preserve the discipline and order of his gallant regiment under very unpromising circumstances, and with very great success. Mr. Gloag has perhaps examined and bought more mules, camels, and horses than any man in the world, and has travelled further in search of them since this var began than most of us could do. He was, I believe, in Syria and in the desert with poor Nolan; he has scoured Asia Mlinor, Candia, Sicily, and the coasts of the Black Sea with the same purpose in view. As the Calcutta cleared out of the harbour the crews of the Leander and Sanspareil gave the gallant ship and her cargo three cheers spontaneously -an unusual compliment from men-of-war's men. The Hussars returned the cheers, and in a few moments more the shores of the Crimea were fading from the view with the last rays of the setting sun lighting the frowning cliffs of Cape Aya, and burnishing up the copper-coloured rocks which lined the rugged coast. The men relapsed into silence. "How happy should I be, onlyl'm thinldng of the poor fellows we leave behind, " said a soldier, after a pause. " Yes ! but they did their work, and we have no cause to be ashamed of them, thank God! " was the reply of his neighbour; "and so good-by to the Crimea!"
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A "Guardsman," writing on the 18th of June, after giving me credit for the remarks I made on the gallantry of the Brigade of Guards in the Crimea, pretends to set me right as to the services of the distinguished regimerts composing it, and affirms that as soon as the draughts sent out immediately after the heavy losses at inkern were known arrived the Brigade " began to furnish men for service in the same proportion to its strength as was done by the rest of the army," till the 23d of February. I beg to reiterate my former statement, and to deny the accuracy of the " Guardsman's" aser tion. One draught wwhich arived after Inkerman= was sent to make gabions at St. George, and furnished no trench guards or parties, except for the inlying pickets at the Bedoubt Canrobert, and if - " Guardsman" wiU only inquire and ascertain what trench dutythe brigade did, he will find, I think-, that there is no oocsion for him to qualgy the kdnd expression of his opinion that Ilave been "usuy SO well informed on these matters." Yon f-fb't^1 --i-. .-A LATE SPECIAL CORRESPONDET IN:. rP1:jR MTMFP.A Constantiiople, July 8. - THE COZiAGZ.-L t year ther were coined 8,448,482 seovereigns, 1,120,362 half-sovereign, 831.017 forins, 1,368,499 minii, 1,129,084 sixpencee, 646,041 groats, 4,158 fourpenny pieces, 387,838 thriepeinny piOes 4752 twoenny pieces, and 7,920 silver pence. The tot value of' e silver coinedw 195,510l.. and the iel cost or value of the metal 192,0021. No crowns or lif-mownr 'apear to have been ooined since 1852.. Te oopper coinage of 155 included 5,273,856 penoe, 7,455,837 kalf-penoe,. and 3,440,640 fart izs-represeuting a value of 41,09 -; the purchase value of the copper havingb4ext-2Zt0l3l. In 185, 19,W9030z. wre-ght o£ worn silver ooin 'wrepiiheda a nonminl Yaue' of :621.550W., the MiEnlyalue: 5Se. 6id. 1e ounce) being. 55}58l.,and the Ice. -by -recoinag 67,9681.. ' , . .!j)J7
... .THN M, TITD, P STAT-PS. .FP OE: OUR SP]CIAL CORRESPONwExI..) -. EWYO1RK, JUrLY 16. Theo contents of the file of American journals you will receive by this mail, like those which'have fore some time preceded it, abundantly show that the i election of elections-the great periodical contest of' tlw republic-has fairly commenced, and is in. creasing in intensity every day. i- will not attempt to add to the immense mass of. political reatter, the very bulk of -which demands alnost every effort to digest it,. by entering into the intricacies of party combinations,. tickets, and platforms. You know that Mr. Pierce is extinguished, and, already politically defunct, only awaits the day That will give him again toprivate iife. You know also there are three candidates for his high office; I need only add that the friends of each of them are perfectly confident of success, and the stock of real political information for the present is exhausted. Old experience is dealing largely in the prophetic strain here at present; but when many equally qualiied experiences are conficting one begins to doubt the oracles. Leaving Buchanan, Fremont, and Fillmore, therefore, to time and events, I wiU touch only on the manner in which the conteEt is conducted, and those features of it which first and most forcibly strike a stranger. Making every allowance for the fact that the struggle has Stil some months to run through, it is still surprising how Little of the agitation is visible. There is, probably, less outward action in New York than would be found, relatively, in the provinces. The vast commercial activity of the metropolis appears to overbear the political movement and push it ocit of sight. It meets you everywhere in conversation, and is condensed not only with strength but violence in the journals; but at present an alarm of fire creates more stir in the city than the working of the political machinery that is to raise a private citizen to the post of ruler of the millions of his countrymen. This external quietude, which I do not in the least mean to imply is inactivity, stands in strong contrast with the tumult reflected and the fury displayed in the newspapers, No society could stand the wear and tear of six months of such political passion every four years if the reality quite equalled the representation of it. It is to be hoped also that the criticisms of public men in office, and seelking it, may be read in a " Parliamentary sense," or some equally softening method of interpretation, that takes the sting out oI charges which meet the eyo in such words as " theft," " embezzlement," ' bribery," "plunder," and c' petty larceny," and have an ugly and startling look. It would require no great amount of industry, if guided by a little malice, to put together from the American journals an illustration of official morality which the Americans would immediately declare atrociously libellous and insulting. I would rather beheve that they exaggerate a little, and that the terms employed are frequently figtuative, derived from the warfare that precedes every change of Government. At every such mutation a whole host of placeholders is expelled from office, and a new army takes possession of every post, from that of President to the lowest doorkeeper. As office is thus rather conquered than acquired, and Government employ is a piece of booty in the battle of life, and not a fixed property, the pay and perquisites wnich go to the invader s are fitly called " spoils ;' the same things with us have the milder name of, "4 emoluments," which men gracefully and quietly glide into, and enjoy in undisturbed possession. Again, what we call " Parliamentary influence," and its result, " jobbery,"-nearly the harshest word in our political nomenclature,-are here termed " plunder," or described by various adjectives that impute direct rascality. I hope this is the key to much of the language which I know has often puzzled Europeans. If this charitable view of the matter is not satisfactory, there is no alternative but to construe these accusations literally, and adopt them; every nation ought to know its own system best. As yet there has only been one great outdoor gathering in New York in connexion with the present contest. it was a " mass-meeting," caRled. oy the Empire Club, an organization of the Democratic party in the city, to support the nomination of Mr. Buchanan. The " mass" it brought together was less than i expected; the meeting was held in the Park, on the space in front of the City-hall. Flags, banners, and music were once the usual accompaniments of our electioneering proceedings, but are falling into disuse; the Americans seom likely to retain these decorations and helps to excitement; the platform was gaily adorned and illuminated, as it was an evening meeting, with lanterns and torches. It served, too, for some time as the orchestra of the club band, and in the precision and spirit with which it played I thought I could recognize the " German element." There was greater novelty in a brass six-pounder drawn to the ground, wlhich for nearly half an hour added its noise to the music as a prelude to the proceedings. Such a martial display would have terrified Berlin out of its senses and placed half the garrison under arms. Here it did not make the slightest impression; it did not appear even to add many to the bulk of the meeting, though within a few yards of the greatest thoroughfare of the city. The speeches were tolerably good, and temperate enough, though, of course, not the shadow of a chance was admitted to exist for Fremont or Fillmore. But there did not seem to be much enthusiasm in the crowd, which, with all the aid of brass, both in band and artillery, did not exceed 3,000 in numnber. On the whole, the affair left an impression of failure. I would attempt to give a description of New a York if inthe limits of a letter it could be done with any success; but it would be as reasonable to attempt to describe ' London in the same space. Sinking all topographical details, dates, and history, therefore, a few of the more prominent characteristics of the place are all that can be at present noted. Those who fancy New York a mere busy provincial and commercial city-a sort of Liverpool -will be surprised to find it a great metropolis, unmistakably a capita], with many indications of immense wealth, and none of age, even of the age from which it dates. All is new, growing, and changing, as if the city itself partook of the ever extending tendencies of the country.i Every renovation is on a larger and grander scale thanuwhat it succeeds, whether it be a mansion, an hotel, or a store. What the last fire spared is being rapidly demolished and replaced by something more equal to the requirements of the time.: The amount of building inoow in progress is enormous, and' for the momrenlt rather inconvenient. In some Toreets, particularly near the business end 'of' the city, every, third hous3 appears to have. been pulled: down; and in a few monthz even a native is -urprised at the 'change. JBrlck is b:ecoming, m,arble. with wonderful celeritv; and the nati*ve m,arble,ifwellhselec1ted,'is a benautiful building mna- teilit is as, *hit'3,ast,3lat of the,Italian quar-. riee which 'supply the statuary, and which: we nie Afor' internal dec6rations, but have not 'applied like -com,mon atone, except in the exceptional ietrvagance of the MWarbleQ Arch; and that ;is blt a. dingy affair.: Thl3 smok,e -anid fog~ of£Lond,on soon reduce evertLiinto the l,u;e of mnud. and; bricir, or the dull comprolnm3isebeween .theOm a ntt61ed by stucco. 'But in t he7 clearair an z i5llit auim of New York the purest mtnai cian bi3 iiied with the c3ifitN *tb,it wa runer t-h - its colour. thewhole a c of the city, in the mode and manner of1ife,'.There is.'far more of What we shouild call '"freign" than oteseccy Engliih. Exoept inrlagu teigion, and iaiir three important exceptions, certainyour coUSins have parted company from s laore 'wiaely th4i we are apt to suppose, or -thiian is altogether pleasant ti contemplate. --The capital is 1mui'ch- more like Paris, with a dash of Hailnbnig, than London'-,` there-is relativelyj alarger foreignL poplation.thian in our topoli, avng much m'ore political "and social infifience'-than' vith us, anid the ';nfluence i3 distinctly marked. The style and haibits of tne moitr wealthy anld populous cityof the,States areJno doub very diferent to those of the -mass of the ountrybut it must have -beem.a istrong combimatoin 'of causes that could have changed the descendants of the sober ad, somewhat stern English Puritar s, who deemed gaiety, colour, music,;and the theatre the prime snares of the Evil One, into- a population with the characteristics of that of New York, de-d lighting it outward decoration, oarament, and gilding which we think *6 peculiarly southern. The street fronts blaze with gold inscriptions and ignp.- and the interiors of the shops are -often fitted up.ini a style we should consider too gorgeous, forf business. The French: crcif which cannot exist in London, has taken root andt flourishes' with' a splendour scarcely equalled on the Boule- vards of Paris. The countless omnibuses that' make the grand thoroughfare of _Broadwxy almost impassable are light and gay in colour, panelled wdth'paintings of flowers and fruit, anid sujects "from the French" that *onld possibly shock the eyes of Ciapham; in 'their place we shouldhave a. scale of charges forburiali s Necropolis,-perhaps a wholesome, but not a cheerful reminder. The hotels are planned on a scale of size and fitted with a magnificence not yet attempted in London or Paris; walking through their softly carpeted corridors, brilliantly lighted and resplendent withmirrors and gilding, it is difficult to believe you are notin apalaceprepared for a fete. Yourather wonder the music does not strike 'up from the ballroom you seem to be approaching through such passages. This, however, is the style only of the newest creations others, on a similar scale as to size, are more sober in adornment-what we should call more businesslike. Some American moralists begin to be alarmed at the increase of luxury in this direction, and denounce this seductive splendour as likely to destroy all domestic habits and associations. It is, perhaps, an open question. We have had the same arguments employed against the club systema in London; the hotel life of America is very much the same thing, but including the ladies also; whether the extension is an inprovemnent for the people themselves I will not venture to decide. I only know that to a stranger it appears a very agreeablefeature. There are some things about the American metropolis which, though striking the eye less than its general lightness and love of ornament, from the shops of the region of traffic to the palatial mansions of the Fifth Avenue-the Faubourg St. Germain of the capital-are more deserving of praise and imitation. lt is better supplied with-water than any city in the world-an inestimable blessing in this climate; and the arrangement of the streets is so admirably simple it is impossible to lose youar way after a little study of the plan, though the distances, it must be admitted, are perfectly Russian. The Broadvway must be measured by miles. Luckily, omnibus rates are low, for, by an inexplicable adherence to a mode of conveyance we have abandoned, the old heavy hackney coach, double horsed and extortionate, still holds its place, and the light, handy cab of Londort is unlmknown. The private vehicles are mostly open and uof the lightest possible buila, running on meere rings with threadlike spokes-the most fragile-looking things ever put together for locomotion. With their fast trotting horses, to which the youth of the city are much addicted, they fly along with perilous speed, quite in keeping with the national vividness of life-with something, too, of the equally national disreg,ard of it. 1 shall have to notice many other points in the external aspects of the city hereafter; the subject is not easily exhausted, neither is it old. What is always changing requires periodicallyto be described anew. You will sce by the papers that the citizens of SanFrancisco have deposed the State Govermaent, or at least deprived it of all authority, and takeen the execution of the laws into their own hands. It is the grancdest development of the "Lynchprinciple ever attained. But there appears to have been an imperative necessity for some process of the kind; the civil power had got into the hands of the "ticket-of-leave" class, and there was a license of crime that had become unendurable. It has been put down by a combination of the respectable inhabitants, for any aid from the central cower was out of the question. By the list of those hanged and deported by this irregular application of the strong arm of the law I regret to see that Ireland has contributed the largest portion of ruffianism it was a necessity to crush out of existence, or expel, in self-preservation. Of the two desperate murderers hanged by the Coramittee of Vigilance, one was a Casey; the other most notorious ruffian, who would have met the same fate, but auticipated it by suicide, wa a Sullivan; in the 20 deported with a warning that it willbe the worse for them if they ever return, 12 of the names are unmistakeably Irish. Injustice to the native Americans, the fact should be stated; the "Know-Nothings" are not' quite without justification in their avowed hostility to those who give them trouble. There is nothing political in the movement in San Francisco. The committee will call a State convention, tum out the whole of the officers of the crimiaated Government, and elect a new one of better materials. As a. specimen of what can be done with the ballobox, the history of the deposed Government is very edifying. MIr. Berkeley will not quote it in his next annual speech; those who want a "I frightful example" of the abuse of the system should read it up. The resolution for expelling Mr. Brooks from Congress for his assault on Mr. Sumner has been negatived by a majority of 26; Mr. Brooks announcedthat he had resigned. his seat in order to %ppeal to his constituents; he will most probably be re-elected. The trial of Mr. Herbert for the murder of the hotel waiter at Washington has not terminated.
THE WATERLOO STATION OF THE SOUTB- WTFgS H R1WZVAY. TO .THE EDITO CF THEE Ta.S Sir,-Your: correspondent "A South-Western, " mlight find that the cab nuisanoe at the Waterloo Stion g involved with a systematic breach of the comceny's rule& ' I have constantly been expoeedto the doible annoyance of not being able to get a cab, and of kowin, from what I have seen, as eUll & from what othens haye -told zn that i oodil saywi make sure of a cabby giving 6d toone of.the companya porters -So-lr asmy purse is cocioerned I should not lave the"*dightest objection tofeethe -empanyszhervntbnt-u itbeik thae ompmny'simle.that their servat slalot ccepgrttuitiei&lfeelboundtom it to personil inovnet nkin The compny owre it to 'thosa who thtis- enerve their ulesithat their serantshall obeer thealso; a nd, ;rs constant trave21er on their line, i would ak the directo the favour cf their now and thownploying. one of the ule. tective poliee'" painclotheo: mm"-to eateb the da! linquents. - It would, howeYer, e ias e1 tat dae iotiae i6oau 1ii given befoehand tothe orteStatatrap will be'laid foi th2em, for the feem has gene Cs. owe l-ong ad olfsi that they might, 'wihj ace ihowr: geatlitha3 hithertohd the company' tacit a- -'^ - lt irould, alsoela 'welltl i#n4yi-)m the nde ;gus iving 'grtuities into a bylaw.and amfor w- !- - .. -t .1 J*126. - , - E . -,- e We =a siqkexbed&Ao Admke :-t-bt- MW. W.-WH WYnne Aad- baXred .fit- ., IL X. 1,i.i-: f . . MdayX
VP.AWVV,- (FBom ou ow2 corItE$poiWDNT.) rA.Ks, bUSU,DAY, JULY W6, 6 P.m. An article on the recent events in Spain in today's Moniteur, which some afQirm to proceed from Plomhbires, but which yields little internal evidence of so distinuished an origin, excites surprise by the adw.so s and stateMients it containa.' It opens by an expression of sympathy with constitutional goverinent in Spain, which one could hardly have expected to find in. those columns, but. which is expiained by the desire that France, " representing in1 E urope the ideas of 1789," naturilly feels tosee a neighbouring State, in whose prosperity she takes a lively interest, avoid the fatal extremes of anarchy and despotism. Certain fears that have lately beenh n;cdof a posble armed intervention of France beyond thewPyrenees will be calmed by this assurance. Here isat once a guarantee that the views and wishes of England and France with respect to the form of government most desirable in Spain are identicaL The French official organ admits that it has applauded to a certain point the recentchanges at Madrid, believina that they gave favourable chance to " the staIle establishment of constitutional government." So far so good. It mnay be doubtful how far the explicit declaration of 'adherence to the ideas of 1789 wMIl be pleasing to at least one of the Emperor's allies, but I will not branch off to consider that point from the main subject of tle article in the Mcmiteur. The third paragraph of this aricle is fuilof errors, arising doubtless from im- perfect and erroneous information, butwhichit is not. on that account the less essential to correct. WVe are told, in the first place, that for the last two years (that is to say, ever since the revolution of 1854) Spain has been in a deplorable state, and has had neither finances, army, navy, trade, administrtion, nor external influence. The Monit cur would hardly venture to put forward such assertions as these in a country where there existed a press at liberty to refute them. First, as regards finance, I can only repeat what was printed a few days ago in your columns, that since the days of Ferdinand: VI., when (as the story goes) the exchequer -was so full that it was necessary to put props to the walls to support the weight of bullion, the Spanish treasury has not been in such good plight as that in which Espartero's honest Government has left it. We all know in what state he found it, plundered to the last dollar by the notoriously corrupt Administration of Sartorius. The penury was such when he came to power that he had to exert his personal influence and credit to obtain a few milions of reals for the most pressing necessities of the State. Doubtless he would, as he had before done, have supplied money out of his own purse, had he had it; but, as he has invariably refused to receive back the considerable sums he advanced for the use of the army at the time of the siege of Bilboa, in l836-7-sums which the San Luis Cabinet, at one time anxious to conciliate him, in vain pressed him to receive-Espartero's resources have long been reduced to a mere trifle bevond his wife's fortune. Two years have elapsed; the last dividend on the Spanish debt was provided for two months be'fore it was due, the funds are higher than they have ever been sisce the civil war, there are 27,000,000f. in the Treasury, the floating debt (abequest of the Polacos) has been funded at a higher rate than the Govern ment limit, and foreign capitalists (including M, Fould, under whose auspices this extraordinary article apDears in the Aloniteur) have found what they doubtless considered safe and advantageous in-' vestiment for their money in Spain. Why, the very' first regret expressed by those who desire the welfare of Spain, when they learned the change of Ministry, tl:e closing of the Cortes, and the battle in M¢ladrid, was for the blowv thus dealt to that material improvement which had made such important and undeniable progress in the country during the last two years.- The confidence that had so rapidly grown up was attributable to two causes-to the profound conviction of Espartero's personal integrity, which was a guarantee for that of his colleagues and Government; and to the presence of a Legislative Chamber. In countries where the financial admnistration is well organized the FeDresentative Chambers are scarcely necessary in that point of view. The budget discussed and voted, their task may be said to end.. But in Spain, where the corruption of public mploygs has long been scandalons, even to a proverb, the case is different. There the Chamber controls and enforces' morality upon the Administration. Wehave seen how, undercorruptanddishonestGovernineats, such checkS were found intolerable, and abruptly put an end to. Such wass the case under thePolacos, and O'Donnell, one of the sufferers on that occasion, should certainly not have been the first manu to renew the scandal of which he then so bitterly complained, and by vwhich, and by the illegal acts of the Mlinistry who had thus shaken off all constitutional surveillance, he' justified his insurrection in 1854. As regards the army, the froniteur begins by saying that during these last two years Spain had none, and then, at the close of its article, congratulates O'Donnell on having " during the first moments of anarchy used all his care to reorganize it, as much under the moral as under the material point sf view; for it did not suffice to have remade battalions or squadrons ; it -was, above all, essential to give to soldiers so brave and so capable of great things the only motives whicih maintain armies-duty, fidelity to the Sovereign, discipline." The meaning of this passage might be clearer. To deal, however, wsith the first assertion, that Spain had " no longer an army," turn to the Moniteur de l'Armtne of yesterday's date for a detail of the military forces of that country, as regulated by the last budget, from which it appears that they consist of "about 135,000 fighting men, not including the colonial troops. For two years great progress has been made in the. arnmament of the troops and in tho introductionof arms of true aim, which already have been given to all the battalions of Chasseurs. and to several regiments of infantry." It does not aprear, then, that the army h-as been allowed so gnevously to decline as those who now can see no good in anything done by Espartero's Government LwoLuld have us believe; and, indeed, had it done so, O'Donnell, the bepraised of the Moniteur, could hardly eseape blame, seeing that he was Minister at War during the iwhole period of the two years in question. I presume that the Moniteur does not go so far in its partiality as to attribute either the material or moral improvement of the Spanish army to anything that can have been done since the 13th of the presentmcth.I We may briefly dispose of the other points of the censure passed on Espartero'5 Government. As regards the navy, it has been by no means neglected during the last two years, but it is quite e %ident to one aequaanted with the state and condhion of Spain that many more urgent changes f,nd im^Mprovements must be effected before the tlime will come to attempt to restore Spainf wil not say to her once commanding position in that respect-bat even to that of A tird rate maritime Power. As regards the trade of Spain, a reference to the state of her fin3nces ii the bedt reply to that part of the attack ; and, althpugli it werO certainly mcieh to be i that mIeabsciuld have been found to make those muehnaeeded. reforms in her tariff which would be so greagi to the advantage both of 'her people and her eicheqner, we:must make allhwanee for the ma-y obstacles to such a change. Harassedinthe Chamber by' W,siting parties-which, while . nominally ~strong for thj,eame e-a, yet could never be got to -inenafe on the one hand by the Carlists, on tlle other dDy -th;e RPinbJiat1~ansbd Sodialists, 'the Govebrnment was compeled to ,'prceedE eauftioXy had- IovilyYit1i projects which,ilf carried out sisddenl, o. to such .n extentt as wvould have zend~rei thent reaoll TalUablI woull&~ arssuredly have sEC9 ictDl6ia -in a- flame, and not Improb4biy .brought.:on 2 civl war 1me has been lost; there can be no. question; iauck' has been *asted in rati-j corous and personal discussionsin the Cortes-worse .than useless, since they prove how littfl real union exists among men] who all call themselves Liberals, until at last one is tempted to believe that Spani3h political parties are incorrigible, and that no reverses-wfin teach theta widom and self-denial. ut, if, we refer back to the state -in MiiA Spain-was left in July, 184, and contrast it-with her . condition afteri two years of honest. 4 c6nstitutioinal'-governmieni, Ithnlin that every amw partial person must ainit that, 'althiough' ihoe raight have been done, a great dealhas been aecomi plished, and.that much of that whLch hsas beeinl0eft undone liha been-so owing to circumstances pectuli3r to Spain,the consequence of a long period of misrule. anaidwhich can hardly be fully appreciated by- .t who have not malse a ipecial stuay of Spanish polw tics and pe6ple. iOnie word mo're to the Moni&Wr That journal denies that there has been' -&p' d"t&W in Spain, charges -thoseswho maintain.the- contriry with distorting facts in -order -to mislead 'publicopinion, and proceeds to explain- the cixcumstan-'ea under which a eofip VWct. is justifiable. and ,I Ig.i+; timate. It says that the resh'nation of a 'inisi ter, purely and sinply acceptel by tho Quieb feiP reiterated refusals, must hot be qualified as a .-up d'dtat and that if the reaignation Shad- been that of O'Donnell the fact would havebeenheld com tel coistitutional. 'his is ierely 2gging the-'uetion,and the Monifeur apparently assumes, as.o oiler . papers have done, that the renivOal of EspArt&& from the pirot±v ias the oiy provocation given to an insurrection. But O'Donnell, intrusted. with the formation of a new Cabinet included in_it-e= well known for their rebatiCnaxy tendencies, and one, of whomrnad been a member.of the4Ghours'Miaihy -Minsiere de llithraae, as it was called; in 1854.- He had, before ho was ar.ctuallv at the head of. Edh Government, given orders for the concentration if, troops on Madrid; the first act of his Cabinet 'wXa the proclamation of martial law, and the next. the dispersion of the Iegislative Assembly, who were, fired on when going as a deputation to the Queen,' and drtven from -their Chamber by grapeolat. -It appears to me that ithese various measures caniiot be. conidered to constitute anything ahort of :a, codp cdU8at. The resignation of O'Donnell would; inu. deed, have been quite a -different matter. Martial laiw would not have been proclainmed, and we may! be quite sure that not a National O:utri. in hadrid would have taken his musket from tbe nail to defend a violated constitution, or insist' upon the restoration to office of the hero of Vicalvaro. Barcelona aid Saragossa would have remained; perfectly tranquil, and, zome thousands of unfortunates wnuld be alive and well who are now. cold in their graves or groaning in the hospital. And there are some who believe that if the Snogiteur, or those by whom it is inspired, had known' some time ago, as well as they do now, the re4lm state of feeling in Spain, they would not have inl curred the susDicion of looking favoura'bly upon .a conspiracy the ii mediate result of which has 'beeAs a deplorable amount Of bloodshed, and whose ultimate consequences are awaited with alarm and evil forebodings. SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 23d inst. The Gazeite publiahes the following official. despatch from Barcelona:- "The moment intelligence of the change of Ministry reached Barcelona the extremne parties began to raise 'thedr heads. The agitation redoubled when the rebellion ofSaria gossa became known, and it was then evident that a collison 'was imminent. Dlinng the night of the 17th serious symptoms of disorder were observed. In the evening of -the 18th the inovement broke out, a portion of the naatonal militia joining in it. The demonstrations, twice repeated by the troops to inluce the armed groups to disperse, being attended with no result, the military authorities were undei the painful necessity of repelling force by force. The barricades erected in the streets del Conde, del Asalto, and de l. Ulnion, which lead to the Rambla, were carried and destroyed, and their defenders driren from position to position to the gates of the city. They then songht refuge in thq suburbs; and at the departure of the mail, on the 19t,h they were surrounded by the troops. The rebels sffered severely. Numerous prisoners were taken and handod over to the Military Commission. General Barsols, DeputyCommander of Cat.lionia, wrho with the force under hi, orders carried three barricades, Was wounded. The Ist, nd, 4th, and 13th battalions of the national militia have been' dissolvedand disarmed."' The following despatch is 'also published by the Gazette:- " The Captain-General of Valencia writes, under'date - 21st, 1 o'clock p.m.-"Brigadler[Planas defeated on the l9th the insurgents of Rensa and disarmed the National Guard of the town. Tranquillity is conpletely restored in the province of Tarragona. At Carthagena the discipline and loyalty' of the troops prevented a popular movement. The Goverrnr of the city, General Puig, refused to obey the Co. verument, but Colonel Teran, who commands the regiment of Valencia, assumed the government of the place in thename of the Queen. At Albacete tranquillity is re-established, and the portion of the national militia which effected the pronunciamiento is being disarmed, Nothing' new occurred in other districts subsequently to my despatch of yesterday."' MIalaga and Greaada had not yet submitted. The ifoderados were strenuously exerting themselves to prevent the reorganization of the Ifational Guard. The Progresistas appeared inclined to supi port General O'Donnell, as the last hope of the' Liberal party, but they had not yet made known their decision on the subject. It was considered certain that the present Cortes would be dissolved. TURKEY. (FBROM OuR oWN CORBESPONDnI.T.) CONTSTANTINOPL, JuLr17. I wrote to you in my last of the difficulties whichh have arisen about the demarcation of the frontier line of Bessarabia, and I have endeavoured to show that, if the labours of the Bessarabian Frontier I Commission are li;ely to meet with great impediments and delays, the labours of the Asiatic Frontier Commission will be altogether fruitless. Sinc e my last letter was written news has reachedus which is likely to complicate the labours of both these commissions even more aeriously. The Rusqsians have. occupied Serpents' Island, at the mouths of the Danube. I cannot tell what kind of an occupation it is, but the fact itself is quit certain, as well as' that the Turkish Government has despatched a naval officer to ascertain the' exact nature ad all the circumstances of this Russian occupation. As this occupation will cause volumes of diDlomatic correspondence, if nothing else, it will not be perhaps amiss to say- something about the position in which Serpents' Island was before the war. This island is an uninhabited barren rock, to which the Russians laid claim in consequence of the Treaty of Adrianople.- That treaty does not make any special mention of- this. island; ,t says only in general ternms, -that -" the 'fjontier. lie 2aUll follow the course of the Danube as far as the embouchure of St. George; so that, lteaving all the islands formed by the different branches of-this river in the possession of Russia, the right bank will remain, as heretofore, in that, of the- Ottoman Porte ;" and it adds that " it shal not be permitted to make any establishments.or construct any fortifications upon the islands wvhich shall remain in'the possession of the Court of Russia, excepting alwvays the quarantine buildings which shall be seriego established." Thus to claim Serpents Island according to the wording [of this treaty was,. to say the 'east, str,etching its meaning to its utmost consequ-oncesE, and pushing the riv'sr bed rather'far out .ito the sea. Howe'eie,' at that time Fllussia h'adit All her'owii way, and the territorial changes made by- the treaty were so great, thal; the barren rock was altogether forgotten. For some yeara Russia didno make good her claim to it, and it remained deserted until in 183S she erected a lighthouse on the island anid sent there an invalid with his family, wno had charge of it, and wio Iserved at the same tsme,as a kind of symbol of Russian occupation. , The invalid -was withdrawn in. the beginning Qf the war and the light extinguished. - r - . -- ~UheTreaty. of aris, Iike the Treaty of Adiaiiople, forgot 'Serpents' Island, but, by givmoi bb-ac8Y t- the Turks the months of the -Da Iube, it m.ay' ll `liewisO *supposed ` to-iave' gi'enf-`theb ack Eerpents' Islanda, nd they -bave lately restored the lighthouse. It ayspu othe-new4, of thjs,. itismpAp pcsea , that the Reussians have seh re r `oinei nA of force fo'occuipy'it.j? - -a I hear t%eo represeni,tives ,of the Western Poers' hswnll-aisof:AistrhaVbe'"t1en tip the-: cse- very strongly. especially tisii-repYesentstive -o'f th-e latter, 'wic inot -surprising, ifwe remmsiber.with;w31at' jeaous eye Austria has always wstcheil the-Russiant preponder,ance goh the 'Ilntlhe. ...O' course,,.this as a ' misunderstanding'. acrising fQom overzealous-, nis. of toie offlcial, but isush fcicts,fevenaifs .dS.~svowed, casnnot' 'b't' crete nspiCions abb'hut, 'sp,irit id *ich Russia s'eeinsi7mclined to asrM' out 'the recent treatespecially- bfenst±ch casei,:oP' aaiflibe±a inteipr6ation of the'wrd.s 'f theireatiJ ,arenoti.sel^ate. .':. - ' a i Nearly at the same timnethat the newz* of. th,Nc t Riissian, occupa'tion of Se*'.nti' Island iea'che.'tis fl other newss ame 'fronl' nws i -!:1 told yo ho*;th' Raianii may- be 'Mid .alradv ' tojib ave, elude,l the3 ijiteuton :of' tho alli,es, tG revise'J the'.Asiatc fronltier cby- delayirg- to reonew thejk; diplomatic relations "with Turkey, upon. which !e'; ne,wal the beginning ofIthelabours of me coDmission have been made'epndeht. '. - - They have nfot s,hown a more conciliatory spirit by blowing utp thefrtifiatiosis of- EKars. In coniesoquenee of this irbitra''interpf?etatin o7 h&'treaty^ orcders were: ,,e t *out from England to Colonel, Yeatei, the. British Commissioner at Erzeroun, to send an officer toEaris, to aicertain what part of.the' f6itificitions had bean blown up. The commissioner took some officers aid went hnmself. Butwhenthey camne to the Rusiant ayom they.were stopped' and told that they coul, not gl further for, as long as a single English or French ssoldier remained on Tiirkish soil the 'Russi=Ass did niot intend to 'nive' up their cqnquest, or"allow any one to enter withiin their circuit. Th6e allies, thou'ght it sufficient to restrict the Ruhssian power: in Europpe, and leave it untouched'in. Asia. It was to be expected that the Russians;would make thebest of this. Indeed, it seems not ati all unreasonable to suppose that their readiness to accept the terms of the alies was due in a greatmeasure to-the certainty tliatin sso doingtheywould-: bleft undisturbed on their most gensitive side. -It 'cannot be t6o'often'repeated, that Rusaia's in- - flIpence in Asia is essentially a moral influence, andl this influence has not only not been impaired by thewar, but has rather increased. ' Never was Russian- ifluence so param6unt in- Per4ia ailately. The Circassian deputation -h33s 'departedi from here with -a heavy' heart and a deep .convicition fof the power ofi PRussia. LThe anxiety- of Russia~ to keep the Kiars-. territory up to thQ last moment has likevrise no other. object than the increase of this moral influence, especially on the Eurdish tribes. As she is the onSy channel of information: for those people, she can easily 'make them 'believe that she :came out Wc-, toriously of this as of her other wars against Turkey, and impressions- of this kind produced on simple-, minded people are 'not easily effiaced, and will.:n6t be without their inflhience if, in spite of the assurances of the treaty; another war should arise. ' The day-before yesterday the grand dinner given' by the 'Sultan? in honour of the commanders of the' allied armies came off in the. new palace. As you kIniow, it had .&,n put off in order to give to General Codrington time to arrive. In spite of this the.Aigers was too late; she came m only late at niglh. 'The Court carried its' point, and the Sultanidid not dine; he duly received his guests before' 'dinner, at?which occasion he gave away the firsttwoTurkish Crimean medals, destined for the Comnianders-in-Chief of the allied armies. Marshal Pelissier.was there to receive his; that destined for General Codring,on was handed over to Lord Stratford. As is usual on such occasions the Grand Vizier and? the Minlister of Foreign Affairs did the h,onours of the dinner, at the end of which the Sultan7s health was. drunk, and that of the allied ISovereigns. : While the dinner lasted a terrific thunderstorm broke over the part of the Bosphorus where the new palace 'in situated,' wvhich for a time nearly interrupted thefestival; thewindows wera shattered by the hail, and the music, which bad been on the side from which the storm came, was obliged to cease in the middle of a piece, and look out for another less exposed place. It suggested to more than one of the guests the idea of Belshazzar's feast, in which nothing but the finger, with the " Mene, Tekel, Upharsin," was wanting.' This singular coincidence of the feast and the storn is, as you may imagine, taken up by the popular mind, which is easily impressed in such a case, especially when circumstances rather predispose it. It is taken .by the masses as a sign and warning, and comnmented upon accordingly. Whit impressed them most was that the storm raged only ini the region where the palace lies, and above and belowv it nothing brlt gentle rain fell. 'Testerday aftiernoon General Codrington and Haidar Pasba went over the hospital, barracks, and. stables of Scutari. Just while he was there a part of the King!s Dragoon Guards went down to embark. They drew up, before the barrack hospital, and were reviewed by the General, who must have been struck by the splendid condition of these troop-.. They embarked on board the Argo. There is one troop still remaining, which will be taken by the Simla. The departure of the Himalaya with the rest of the German Legion is fixed for Saturday. Yesterday the Barrack Hospital was closed, and the 132 invalids sent off in the Perseverance; this ship wil likewise clear the hospital at Renkioi. A general order has appeared, according to which, everything is to be cleared out by the 31st of this month, which is not difficult, as only 400 men of the infantry dep6t, as many of the Land Transport Corps, some Sappers, and about 60 Artillerymen in' Galata Serai, remain. The French have likewise, siiice the evacuation of the Crimea, bebnf very diligent in sending off their troops from here. They have quite a flotiUa for the purposelying ready in the port, and every; morning you can see detachments of them marching down to Topkhane singing and jolly. On Monday' last the 1st and 89th Infantry Regiments were embarked, when all of a sudden the order came to disembark themn again, which was done. As soon as this became known all Galata was full of an army of occupation, even the number was already known15,000 French and 5,000 English. It would be wasteof paper to make any comments on these absurd rimmour's. Marshal Pelissier is expected to take his departure to-day. Last night the Commanders-in-Chief were entertained at the BritishEmbassy. PRUSSIA. (rnom or. OuVb- COBRr oOwDMr.) BERLIlT, JarLv 26. It is now settled that the Kin cwill leave Marienbad next Tuesday, and sleep at'Carlsbad the sama night, and on the following day go on to TWplitz7 whence he wil fetch the Queen, and, as it is stifl said, will meet the.Emperor of Austria there. 'Witk little or no delay the Royal couple'will return- t Potsdam, so as to-be in time to receive the EinpressMother of Russia, who will arrive there at the latest on the 2d of August, the next day being the anniversary -of the birthday of the'late King, a day which is still observed 'not only ini the Royal family, but in many -,circles in- the capital and elsewhere. After a very few days' rest at Potsdam the Empress will set off again-onL her return to Russia;-accompanied-by: Prince FrederickE William of Prussia. - . .. Lord Granville left Carlsnrlte last Wednesday, the 23d inst., and Al. de Morny arrived at the same time at Baden Baden, on his return from Wildbad. The direction which -the stream of distingaisheA guests at the German spas qs .ust now_ taking is decidedly northwards, and mainly towards uissia, for the purpose of being-present at the oonation ; and the str!eam will' doubtless swell i"eryA fasi now.that the solemn entry of the youngrGina'nd Duke Michlael,into Carlsruihe, .w'ith- his bride clecj the Princess G ecilia of' fladen, .has tak:en pla'2ce. Thoaugh it'was to,bav.e ciome 'of on the '24th iiISt.' we .have no new,ws of its details as yet.. Most of tli Rksiaans at the' iffeext, wateing places' 'n t'ad South of Germany intended to.be present on qthq 'ccasion.' '- :'ThiL season at' Carlsbad, 'althoigh it ,has been one of"the ilmostlbriWiant, has' beets, at 'he' samietme, iignallied ly'a niumber of very.sudden death, `pli of wrhich, hiowev, t , inh,abiist,a, are at igreat-pains to show arose from aunr otheri?ause than the actidri of4he waters,.( ouxitXRuaiger, the Russian general, died there *ith;ou't:alig.ta k'ena drop-of the water either inwardly- or -outwardly.' . rulein Viereck, the chief ornament of the )3ethin stage,: djed there very shortly after'ler aniivar; another sudden deathltook place-there last wveek,-as is-.said, in-Aonsequenc of an indiscretion in diet; 'and.lat MIfl a' Poiish'nohleman. diled t£here aitddenly- while -pass: ing ..t the' hotel tfr6 luhs- mria which': had, jngt .brough£ himi:toTie s-potwhereh:ie, expecte,d4,o derive . so-mulch b5leflt..;:>:l':.-' t:.! . t . y-The statemenei whichIsavedbeen forwarded 3ither' aro6ndot atto thee probabnhty, and even cee tainty+' thAt a nenVicfo12aa, .oinlI'vCisit ,thi,s, apital in Sept.e,iiher l 'l this'year,, W'for the pulrpose-,of,. bemng prets'ehtst '4ha' .uirrlaeV of . the, Princess ILonisa Fof- iPruas. withJ thie -'Pince R'egent or: Baden? arc not to be~ deDnAo, on, ,at ip~reUnt itta dSgree gf p.qcertainty ,- they-- may become true, -but op,to, a-ery rec,ent day they certatuly-were not so. . eiflverty e-doubtles, wiul'la attenitdesire A4e &tpi ptal and-the -iace '*here her eldostduigh&fr-iso''so to ro-i id e, s 1the country overwhich sheamay one day bd called te reign,; but-thera 'will raiways b manay difficulti,es in .the 'way of sud a ,5h ,being grafied, which the warmeat eromeapd:tho indestl smatshiea on this side'.wih *rio -stiffiscexten,ely'to remove; and at presentthePail -iaelf rdly: offiers<any object of miteres6. *ith-& *W.toai4t lfutiure occupincy, seeing thAt it wiTh have', toiusmdergo' mn y-y changes -before it ca. !be ttef for -ita future de5ination. Whit. thoi: cfiaii7gea.iha1 c6iiiisti.L wiU doubtless be. decided on' vwithin'th, ngx it,'fortnigt, 'after the return- of -the XRihg-'tbi;Potsdaim, for'w hote sanclion the plinhsl't hinself. of .the aiunion there of almo.st aUl the mu,bers 'of. the Royal- family to procure their concurrence .i,n te pLin .he ,nav himself .decide on. One'' queston there is.that concerns all the brothers atid, sisters alike. and that is' what course is to be. taken, with the uny relies of the late King stil tresurecvp.there the apartments he occupied intil his death;, Baron'von Iumboldt has caused the foUowing article. t be inserted in the Spe7nersk Zcitung:- - -''Under the title of J!i Pefitique sur PlIs,e de CL?a,: publshed, 'ii PA jin i86, I coDeted together all thatthie lIrgo edition of myi'oyagc aul gt6iont Equin?es du. lveuvaas Continent oniuired .lujion the state of agrimcuI,tore and slavery in the Antille& lfhere appaared at the same time an En;lish ard a Spanish transltion of this. work, the latter entitled Rnsayo Poei6o s9bre la Isla de Cua, neither of vhich omitted iny of the frank and openi reduir,.k 'which feelings- of hunanity had inspired. Bat' the're ippears just now, -strangely enough, translated from tlhe Spaniish taiinslation, and not from the French orEigiil, add publislied byDerby and Jacksoa in New Yerlk, an- o0c4Vo yolmnO of' 400 pages under tho title of. 2VteC Ilsand of Cizbs,by. Alexander Eumboldt; vith notes1a a prelitininar essy by J. S; Thrasher. The trandla 'tor, who' hs lived a -long time on that beautifdl island;- has irriched-my -work by more recent data on the nsulject of the numierioal stnding of the popuation, of thecultivation of the soil, bad the state of trade, an?d, generaUy . spean exhibited a charitable moderation in his discussion. of conflictinig opinions. I owe it? however, to a moral feel. ing, that is now as lively in 'me as it was in 1826, publicly' t£ eoun4lain- that in x work which bears my namne the ent'ir- sdvenih chapter oF the Spanish translation, with which mJ - emai potitique ended, has been arbitrarily omitted. Tothis Wery portion of my work I attach- greater importancthn -to', any, stxonoxnical - observations, experiments of'. nmagnetic intensity, or statisticalrstatements. 'J'ai examin6avec franchise (t here repeat the words which I usea 30 years' ao) e qui concerne, Vorganmsation des soci6t6s hlnmaiue7' dims les colonies, l'inegale r6partition des droits et des jeis- siicee do Is vie, los dangers menaants quo In sages3e deslRgislateurs et il meod6ration des hormmes libres peuvent elolguer, quelleque -soit Ir forme des Gouvernements. 1lappartientnu voyageur qui ave de pr6s ce qui tourmente etdegrade la nature humaine do faire parvenir les pirsinte3 do l'infortnne A, ceux qui ont le devoir de les soulager. -Jai rappel6 dans cet expos& combieu l'ancienne 16gislation. Fspagnolle- do reedlavage est moins inhumaine et moins; atroce' qre celle des -Etats l esclaves dans lAm6riq eu co,ntinentale an nord et an sued do lo5qnutear.?-, A, steady advocate -as -1 am for the most unf6t,7 tered expression of opinion in speech or in writing. I'§hould never have thought of complaining if I liad been attacked on acconnt of my statements; but I do, thiink I am entitled to demand that in the free States of the continent of Ant rica^ peoplo should be allowed to readA what has been permitted to circulate from -the first year of its appearance in a Spsnish translation. -"A* =cxmiR voN HusrsoLDT. *" Berlin, July, 1856." - ~~PIEDMOiTT. P-(Rom oun owx coR05 sPorxDE-sr.) TURIN, JuL- 24. T- The papers here have naturally been much oceu-, piedthe-lastfes' days with telate discussion on {a1i~alh irs,- in the English Parliament, and it - must be confessed that the conclusions arrived at by the greater,part of the Piedmonte3e press were neither 'very compjimeutary to the proceedings of diplomacy, nor - very encouraging for those* wh ar inlind toplae teirfaith in foreign. intecesionto rdres teirgriefs. Objecti5u~ iSi taken to the plan -of making Austria the ad-.-: vocate. of- -western. ideas,- because it is .said they are . so opposed in themselves to the inteoests'and poliey of Austiria that she cannot heartily esponse them, and will-only do so under pressure,-' and tlie soime piressr, -it is argued, if brought to bear directly b;y the Western Powers onthe Italizu Governments, would produce equal effects in - sliorter time' and --with greater certainty, whileI Aulstria v-ould ba held neutral by the same feeling of a,'-e which it is expected will induce her now to recommend her friends a course of policy com-- pletely at variance - with 'what she conceives to be' her own interests. -The - more moderate portionqI the press, however-and the more reasonable perhaps, since it did not anticipate any decisive f3ult from this discussion-argues that diplomacy inust be allowed to take *s course, trying as it may, be tothe-patience;.-and wThen the existence of-bad; government has not only been acknowledged, but condemnsed, by its secret abettors, -and the right of the people to demand. justice been recognized even, by .the bitterest enemies of such liberty, the Italian questibn -will ha've been brought to that clear anddefinite. understanding that the Eastern question ' was at the beginningof 1854. - |. In criticizong .the various speeches delivered on the rcprsion -of course Lord Lyndhpe tst'a has metI 'pith most general admiration, while that of- the |tleader -of vue Tory party in- the aHouse of Com- uon has lteited uivoersal gstonishment-astonishmesnt at the different views taken-by 8r. Disraslifron his on learty in the UIpper House, and alsonst, the shirprisitg ignorance of the presentstate ofunIaly E which he displayed. . Mr. Disraelihas, indeed, flilend j:tinagrievouserror in supposingthatsecretsocieties, auch as eusted Sioo 40 yesm rs as are ingvsgour at the present day, pr-that they were so in 1848. -Hre bhas, ; probably been ledinto this mistake by reading soGe' |f those romdntc storibs of conspirators surroundedi 'with accessories-such asmight have gaced.anEgyptian mystery. which have lately-been pblished. in En"land by a talented ltalian novelist; but that: I F Mr. I¢israe1i shaUld -have hiought proper t;o eulo- I Oize -Austrian -statesmen as "enlightened" and I "fr4ee- from prejudice" seemls the mlost extraordi.i nary part of hiis. aspeech- to people here. That~, !ho.weser, is a' matter-of Etaste, and therefore beyond- the range of .argulmentt; -but lie also said that. *-hen .in Italy, t'-lung before the 'affairs of 1848,~ he toind thd Autstrian Governmnent in Lombardy - disting,ished frosn'4he other Governm.ents of- Italy by at ilniense.expenditere of Imperial-not.Itbhian .-treasiute uposggreat public works, bythe ligvht tax-v alien of-the peoplg ,-ln4 by. the ,pivogresaive. natqrjs1 : inprovemeuet gf.tlhe cqnuntry." - o v, thi s is an err * ffact6.vlichicanllasily ze~correctod, 'and rtemi4 toi tso 0for ahd ate f tiEe lbsnbasd eoplefwio& iilcdhe held 3tdltyr:of ~naa aesat-dcarici'o5s - onduht:i. misrniliing :agaiust a!pbternal GOver£t: inept,- were: suchkstatemnents,no.t contradicted, .Tb fact is- that tlmeLornbadoenetian k;ingdomn, whiclis iit area constitUes-about a 16thof the A ustrian ein~ pire, and-in iop.uin~a-seventh; fui}ilhed ~neabiy; onfe-third of-the vholeIniperiai revernues up to iStS -that is' to say,. 124,OOO,OOOf.- pera2mium out' of 39O0QOOO(X)f., and at Ale pnme time a'sumn of aboult 48,OOO,900f. was tfsussposrte& -annually from -the, Itlihan proYiinCes &V:ienn,a T.he debt.of gratitttde~ ft,efefre whict 'the-p~eople -of theI mbntrd6.YetietQ owe - to ;hen erAigEten'ed rule~rs on thisi sd6G a-mounts to r feelinigk th eir- e.xtreme moderationt fi osily-tahsimig some 48,000 jQfw'a-year for the 'Vienna Treasurty,. aftele s,atisfyingt,h,s greed of a hostJ,of hu"ry G,erm,anzeit,o~,~s,. -from the Viceroy d.oiuna ,4rd,s.an co.n,struct, g a ,fenw main roads ,fo s>lr4tXppriotes.- - - T dhe other' sjeechsei have inot excited 'niuch cofft'D ine^rt- hei.indsviduaily. - Of ' course thofe of£- Er Disreek iahdi Mr. ;13owybr. re .-ost aAproreed-.^ t_leotheg-spide of 1the, Tico, -but the Milan and y,ona, (&zettqs lay,,tleu4y 45Ion" pastussnce sc Ijlmt ess coDversa,t,-gxns in the BriPathame Cd{iI?d hiao snyXeffeCo'i-other countries ne'1et i1-i:Mod6ma of the-18th gives thelfola .b*iiig seiatenicesZf persons accused of ilmvinglbe. loigedTto aisecre,t.oviety; orl zamnian sect, o awon to .the Aexternia'-sont te 'edtrahgn :ef5'e -the nihfary co tinis;lbn " establshed;'for -the'- state"'of sseeu& ii- b&-cbeiEdeAsn9sed5nitAhet 170th intti.t.-0- sOjlj eyiae6wb;-erle an daiylabourer', andImi i-jcog seineahd~ancdiJut,az ddlUY' f'i.ali@ 'lfh 'senteiices'}iave,t W&'oiirg.e, b~enP 'e~oe '*rEed1-bjIis r;b28;sa tAhm ke of oDite-.Ergasho.l is generally esteemed the best- .of the small Sovereigns of Central Italy, *hich character ho, has earned in the fiiist placey having been able to 'get 'rid 'of Austrian oecupation:aooner tha any other Sta, anda net tble'3 '. - tive.ligliti o^t&aio n:iii'omins'uti , tenCesIlke the above, asi sanctioned byte et of Sovereign., what hop&isftere of th6other ,foring their rifle?i - ^-1 .e ',;. Adi- p tJis said'. to' have arie betw6een-tla A Ar,e,hbiahop of Milan and the civil authofies tlere on the subject of public xmoral.. The A&rc'hb-i clams the right., as censor6 in such' m b' -irtue of the Concorcat, of hlavingall persor:of ot riou sly immorai character-confined to -certain d s- trict, .bat 'meeti with strong ind adeterrmined 6ppzinou 'from the civil powers. tIt i impoM*ble tO foreje -how this; very serious difculty fortbapopnlationi of Milan is likely-to 'terminate; butthe pro-. verb says:that when certain people fall'outhoneet miiexi~an d - women come by thei:r own, and it -is-to' b% hoped thati may-prove io be the cae in this . Mazzini las iaddressed aletter " To the young men,of the U;niversities of Italy" in his usual organ, the -Itdria e Poyolo of Genoa, wherein he rathe,r rep,ro,ves the students of Genoa foriawving -forgotten their-dirties on-the last occasion (in 1848), but ihe .recomrendanls I'now to- gird themselves up.-adn prepare ,themselve .for rtyrdom in their country's pausei &c. By, al accountsfromGenoahoivever. the 'students don't seem to have received tliisreb, ke 'with becoming humility, or to be partieularly anxcious for crowhs of martyrdom at M. fazzini'sibidding, for, witn only four or five excep. tions, they aHl absented themselves from the place appointed for publicly reading his letter. lt is said here to-day that the IRalia ePopolo has been seqiuestrated for publishing it., and, if so, it is much to be regretted, as' notldng but the appearance of fear could posibly render such a document hurtful in PiedMont at present. PORTUGAL. - j LIVElPOOI lNONDAY MOSM-G. The Braganza steamer has arrived with Lisbon letters of the 22d inst. - The country was -perfectly tranquil, and no fears were entertained of ita imitating the commotions in Spain. - T he Portuguese steamer Donna £Maria IL, whose macohinery, broke dowvn at Cape Verde, on the.way to Brazil, has lately a;rrived at Lisbon, to which port :she had taken back her cargo and part of her passengers. - The British steam transport Robert Lowe, 'with part of the Land Transport Corps from Balavla-a, had put into Lisbon on the 21st inst. to coal, The Beninsular packet Madrid, from Southamp-. ,ton landed her mails and passengers at Lisbon on the 21st, at nightfall, bu4,to avoid farther conmnunicatiks, would' tale 'the cargo on to Gibraltar, and deliver, it upon her return, hoping thus to get free pratique at Cadis and G;ibraltar. T,he following is a traslation of the King of: Porugal's speech upon closing the Cortes at Lisbon oni t,he 19th iust.: "Wirthy Peers and Gentlemen, Deputies of the Portigiese Xxtion,-At the momenb of closing the session, the I3t of -the preent LLeislature, I have again-come to testify how much lppreciate being in the centre of the national - represeutatives, in order to signify to-you my satisfcionaft tb z,ed you have. mani'fested in the fulfilment of your important iegiudative functions. The cujec which gave,rise to the change of Ministy 'at the bheginning-of June are wellm knovn toyoa. Convinceathat increased facilities. cf eommunication by mean of good roads and of railroads as now as imperious a ecessity as it wv aalway of the highest convenience, you did -not hesitate to vote the supplies which cy Govermment proposed for that object . I thbank you, and trust that my wishes and your own wil bo fulfilled by the uninterrupted progreu of public works upox the largest possible scale, in order that the country may in the shortest possible period enjoy the immense benefits reslsting tberefrom. The harvests Shis year do not promf&e to be better than the last. I hope, however, that from themeasures you have adopted to mitigate the evil, and, abovi. al, jby the favour of Divine Providence, we may ba enabled to pass through the ordeal witbout siously suf- fering from its.terrible consequences. I deeply deplore that . the cholera morbus should have agin afficted, the capital 3nd- other parts of the kingdorm. It however continues to diminish in intensity, which fortunately never .became very ilarning, *and every care has been, and. still i, ken to7diminish-its ravages bythe prompt succour [of. -those requiring it. It is pleasing to me to annonuce e to you that the public tranquility has been maintained on all points of the kingdom. I "WortbyPeereaud Gentlemen, Deputies of the torese Nation,--I ani fully assured that daring the interval of your Parliamentary la7omns you -ll aM3tm continue to render most valuable services, fortifying the people in the spirit of c6nciliatiou and tolerance, and in respect and obedienze to the laws." THE INDIAiN MAIL. We learn by telegraph that the Peninsular and Oriental Steam lNavigation Company's steamship V,aletta,X W. Roberts master, with the India and China mails, from Alexandria, arrived at MarseiUes on Monday morning, at 7 o'clock. The malls were to leave at 9 am.
THE CMUJ, SEREVICE OF I DIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir.-Mr. Ver..n Stnith, in his recent annual speech on the anancial affairs of India, is reported in The Timo r to have said, that IIt was's little disoouraging to fid that nbt more than one canclidate presented himself for examina. timnIAo SariAt. It wasone of the princinlesonowhich r. Mantlay's mintute was founded, that idi conducting these examinations care should he taken not to examine a candidate in frything -which, in the event of his being -rejected, iight be consideedtas lost time;.;and very posgibly it waa the knowledge of that fact which induced candidates to elAieve that it 'would not be necessary for them to get theinolves -up in Arabic or Sanscit." Now, afF r An experence of upwards of h30 yean in the Cisii Service of India. I can undertake to set Mr. Vernon Smith right on the above point. The true cauns of the neglsc of Sanscrit and Ara bic is not that the study of either mayhbe considered lost time, hutgr that't authorities have put the loesent estimateone thosetwo difficult and, to the Wte all nothat Snone.rt isi the sister language of Greek, candqidto s itcate It sl the Sasreposiorrabc ofd asl the siera-d tue aaof ltndiaad the snource o l the srindyoo dialectis; adoyea, in the Civil Service examinatis no 5 mas on are allowed for fme preficiench y in this a e (thensame numober of niatrks as -for French, Gemn n tla) .wible:Qreekistiestated. at 750,and Latin at thelo :It stands to, rewaon tht a man wil prefer "to get himself tip" in Frencl, German, or ltdian if he can secure the wilae number of mParkse forn these ken languages as for a reo=ndttes:d. dntlaa is ot4guage lie Saiscrit. At the last exaina taionfor the. eci.i o service one candidate only out * of to2 took up Sanscrit, and one Arabic. At the exantisiation in progress a. the present moment the Sanserit examiner has again one candidate only, but the Arabic has none. snext year, if the same conmparatire valuationbe adhereed to, there wica probably be no candidates at at all in Sanscrit orArabic; anaas the second exairnation, -intended to enforce the study of Indat hcstory, law, -and the Oriental languages, is now (as MrYVernon Smith, has i4formecl us in his,speech) to be dispensed -with, it follows thab -the selectea candidates will arrive -at their destination profouiiidly ignorant- of the hahits, customs iz'istftutions, IanguagesI uid literatureh of the n ountrywic . they.are.sent -to gorern. -,It- is idle to, suppose .that they. *Mlliave oppor mtdatk-"oqtesleipi-ha subj~cts while engageda inthrotio-ofca-te, inlby iv'll then itar, iwhen.loo. late, that "time-haass inde&eelos" i taingto ndi a nowedg ofFrenceh, (lerson,. indlalin,.tote ecluson f oherandabsolutely esien' Hailybur ha bee abaahe becuseits education was e.x.Wnn2uwt- A virtutous Fbo.eneof all hafm sue nlot conspsicue nsIhir domestic policy, mustne&yit the ',pst .xte-n and( entirely ignore~ all speiltan blig. kti-a eAl ccording to' kfiowlege Irpet ta ~iidi-~hie l,b0 lrela-ora theCiil ericeofIndia are no.cn rcd~i~i~isieisatou,ni he woldbe for any .te A UL,VXLLKN OrFrTRE OLD SCHOOL., r-Iy 2. -.
.1-1- II . I ZI?TGZAU?? - - ., ?: -1 - . (From th- 2e ~.~in.' We are ertainfiy mo. nafortunate in our alomat relations with Great Britain. The 'Mtletnent ooa,-diff" tnoes upon subiects of reaimportnoe is eontiuallycs pon6d anid embatrZassed, JIbylI_ oontrayamiesn ltn noxtiirignificant points, Ti Cenitrl Amezican' M giC t is o of real magitude. Te i itinvdive'pia.ef stm6at im ortance to tJe _Onise of the world and to tls,independenos and -safety of the-Th'ited Sates; and-tse grounds of the difference wiiich- has azesi i-betweess Lt4h two Governnmetts oaoseiing it ane DfiuuchaRturAtJ great ability and thte utmost st"Adssne of tempe wil be required for it# adjinstaent, Yet the- megotl ions upon-th si k sJbjeet-:hav*beaun postponed and evonspiieastd, ,from time ;to lime, by some of -ias slrjW iuaUbles. that .vei -engged -stheo ttentioni or 'tW- et -naxtionts. gIn -he flirt p'la, our -:in`str, ; Besaszanrawt tocozsierthe offez of thbe Britsh ~iai,; ter to arbitrate this difference Y sjoke, ad hetheore.ao* & ,ot deem itworthihis whlletoreporittohsGov,enm :l at Washingion. Th3fi. Crawt on, with equalqatolidit, negect to. re enough of hs deapatches to become pnsessd of their purport -Both natiousleisig thus p7seid - a fa Is e ps iff o n by th e i r respectiva tit th e eMlist u..ae questionnext intervened, and was managed by our Ggveramenit in such a way as to involve the largest possible sentnmt of irritation to Qnguad, with tb,iest pomible idvYnt*ge to ourselve Instead of acting upon it promptly> and in such a way ac to keep thole quhesti owitjin personal limits, it was madethe ubject of a edorespondence so conducted and p e d aitoinskeita-point gi h2onourfor tlaeEnglasGovernmenttosusit&lits3iitrFtunatel,thisyt plexingandmenacing dteisaoattled ~settled ami:l_y, warefre ee tom,onlyi7; coawsqutercw.- the magnanimous and manly temser in Which it was met br tthe EnglUsh Government and the EWnlseople. e hafe not the slightest disposition to exult'over7e acrifice'af pride which the British Govermnent feit constrained to hmake. We regard its conduct in the adjustment of this irritating dispute with feelings of admirion-as a noble6sacrifice, by a great and poweLful nation, to the intereiti tf peace and the welfare of humianity. Our only apprehen.; sion is that in thi5 rivalr-' of common sense-in tins hi&s tonedmsngnanimilty tby which salprejudices and petfy feelings are surrenderedtoget intuetaudhigh conside i- ations of the general good, Elnd is tohavethe field alone. The conduct of Mr.Dalli4, ingivioghistofficialccuntenance to the attempit of an Americantopreeenthimself at the ueeWns Levee without the-costuie which had. been prescribed, is utterly unworthy of his position and chAer, and oeenis nall-th worshi re son of its cntrtawithd tbe manly lette' in which lord Clarendon had jtLst apprima him of the i adness of the Ministry toopen negotiations with himin spiWe of the dismissal of Mr. CramptonrsupontheCentralAmericsAdisPute. Mr. Ddlls should bave advised Professor Mahai, when a?prised of the objections to his dress, to go an change it. By walking off with hima be gave a semi-officiallsanction to his demand of admission upon his own terms We are not in the leastsurpriael at the anger of the London, I press, nor at the vehemence with which that anger is exjpressed; nor are we surprised that Mr. Dallas himself' should have become, on reflection, heartily ashamed of his- $part in the transaction, and have made eiplanations of -it - in his despatches home. We hope that these mniserable and discreditable little controverses are now over, and that the earnest attention. of the people and Governments of the two countries will be sirect6d to the amicable adjustment of the Central American controvcrsy. The subject is one of vast imhportance to both countries- and, if' it is to be discussed in the heat of. passion, or under the influenceof resentments stimulated by other cause, we may well despair of a pacific solution. Bor the dispute itself is -large enough to fight about ; it - IS no mere&question of etiquette or of national pride. Great and substautial intbsreer, of commerce and dominion are -involved in it. To us it; is a question of national.- integrity-to England one .o commercial and imperial. supremay. Such a iquestion ought not to be discussed undei the infnence of any motives less commanding and wei;hty -than the issuesit iuvolves. -Thu controversy turns upon Ethe interpretation of the treaty miade in 1850 under the Adrministration of Preeident Taylor. The paramount object of tlat treaty was to secure :the neutrality of the Isthmus of Panama-so tbht the canals .or railroads by which that isthmus may hereafter be tratrersed nay not be subject to seizure or control byany great Power, but may, under aU circumstance, of peace or war;-, be free and open to the commere of the world. This wa the great end which both nations had in view, and ftor bsecriimg -whichthe treaty of 1g50 was made. To the United tates iseobject was one of paramount importanoe, as ia the jbEense of such security, in case of war the pase - of the Isthmus might be forbidden to us by a hostile Powet strong-enough to seize it, and our Pacific possessions thus eut off, To England it was equally important that she 'mhould never be excluded from its passage. Under this pre,dominant and oDntrolling motive, therefore-namnely, to secure- the permanent nd complete neutrality of the Ilsthmus-the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty of 180S was concluded wish thosie provisions . "'Neither party wvillever obtain or maintain for itself any exclusive control over-thecontemplated canal. I "LNeither will ever erect or maintain any fortification Icormanding the same or the vicinity thereof.' XNeither willcpy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume, lor exercise any dominion over Nicaragua, Costs Rica, the iMosquito Coast, or any part of Central Amnerica. i Neither wdll use any protection whirlh either affords or may afford, or any alliance which either has or may have, Sto or with any State or -people, for the purDose of octing or muntaing any sach fortifications, or of ,occuapying or colonizing NlicaaUa, Costs Rica, th e 3losq wito Coast, or -any part of Central America, or of assaming oreexercimug any dominion over the same, - "Neither-will-take advantage of any intimacy, or use any allirnce, connexion, or influence that either may possess withany Stateorpeoplethroughwhoseterritory the canalimaypalss, for the purpose of acquiring or holdin, directly or indirectly, lor _ts own citizens or subjects, any unequal riglhts or advantages of commerce or navigation." These are the provisions of the treaty. They declare that neither party will occupy, or colonize, or assume, or exer- - vise any dominion; and that nelther will use any nrotectionL for the purpse of occupying or colonizing any part of the territory w 'ch the treaty, was intended to oover. The purpose of the treaty is apparent from its language. Under -its stipulations the United States insist that Great Britain is hound to withdraw- her authority from the Mdosquito Coast, from the Bay Islands, and from other pairsof CentralAinerica. The British Government refuso to do so-upon the -ground that the; stipulations of the treaty were prospective in'their operation; that they preclude her from hereaftercolorizin-,occupying, and exercising dominion over the territories to. which itzelates, but do not require her to -relinquish dominion already acquired. This difference is vgzy serious. - We do not propose now to enter at all into the merits of the ease on either side. Our present purpose is merely to insist that the controversy must be adjusted in ,conforiat-vwith the orWaial and pi-amount object of the. eay;- thataly adjustment of it whichwill seure that-npmely. the perfect and perpcetual euetrality of the isthmas !-should be accepahbl.to both nations; and that no adj Lstmient wshich does- not secure that great end can possibly ,receive 1the assent of the United Staltes. If the position held h yreat Britain in that region-if herpossessionof the Bay Islands and her protectoraite of the Mosquito coast re incompeitible with theneutrality of the Isthmus, thn G t Britain cannot in -good faith caim, nor can the Unite States ivith safety concede, that this position should be maintaced. And the people of both countries are interested ahlike in settling the controversy upon this basis. The eighth article of the treaty sets forth in these strong terns the great object which it had in view:- "The parties declare that, besides the particuar purpose of the treaty before stated, theyhave the further and broader object to establish a general principle; and so they agree to extend their protection, by treaty Etipulation, to any other practicable communications, whether by canal or railway, across the isthmus, and especially to those con-- templated to be made by the ways of Tehuantepec and. Panama." This lauguage leaees no r-oom for dispute as to the intent and object of the treaty. If the two nations vwere sincere in. this solemn protestation of their motives, and if they are still inclined to give them full and fair effect, there cannot he any insurmountable obstacle in the way of an ad justment. Let the eomumons object of the tw o nations be kept steadi'y. in view, and with due discretion and judgment the means of attaining it will he found -Upon our part, we confess, the new negotiations openunder great disadvantages. The ninor differences whichla have engaged attention have been settled in our favour, but voe have purchased these advantages at too dear a rate. Wm'e have touched the pnride and irritated the feel-. itgs of the British people. We have inipre,ned upon. them the -conviction tbt we are exacting in our demnands, -overbearing. in - our -tomper, rash andnrude in our, manners, and-insincere n our professions. Ourrecognition; of Walkrspiratical authority strengthens theirdistrust ob our good faith in regard to Central Auerican affairs. Ther adoption of tho policy of the Osteud manifesto, and the nomination of itsantborfor the Presidency, revive their old suspicions of our designs upon Cuba. Our ;rinister, upox. the heels-of all this, nt a moment when, above all others, it. w-ia important thatAll occasion of pcrsonalirritation shonl1& beav6idedi, mnkes an ostentatious show of official dispplasore at an event which did not call for any official actiort whatever, and feeds anew the Lame of popular excite_. nient in- England upon American affairs. Under tbese - un oward circumstanoes we fear that the renewal of- negotiations UpDn this subject will not be in - a mood to -promse success We ctnnot help believinig that it could be far wiser to act upon a recent suggestiou of the London Yflnesa, *nd- connmit -this w-wole matter- to special ambassadorselected for their practical ability, large ex zience,deutire ireedlom from committas upon this -Sb ject. Were confident.thst if such a man as Lord Elgir' onthe part of England, could meet some Amlericani,of simil ar tness for thie duty, and enter upon its disciao with a view to the effectual attainment of the grand objeek of the oriinal troaty; there could be no doubt of.their ability to reach *.piacifo and satisfatory solution. Bt -iFi itheneghhotisto is to be thirown into tbe seething caldi-o iO politics, and to be.ctariedon under the excatexuents-J4 which tile-eople of- .both countries sarje het, no ver iofident-uxpectation of a peaceful issue can be entsaie. - Erom-the 2I'eie York JOswncg o,f- onaYere.3i i-' aThe replies of the -BAitish Governmentto Mi. MA's lat desptdches eUtive to the enlistment -and' etrm" American questionaiSdre,ste dsimault4neousi on ii 26th blt.4 to Mr .DAJl* are wel deserving a ttentioi and..careful pefr;apj nt that thley contiin-hy4teAW factsWor throw any new-light on tl,e sb3ecti' Or' any .deprure from t-ihe oaurse -siady an'unceite Parliatmesit as to be suriuiel by -ifraets G inentba-lbn . as proofs of th A dignfied and crturs per -in irhsch- 'they ppr Ste corovejSifd etidiucc of: thig deire- to maintin amicable -relti$s betiween thc trb Countries- n Loid"iirsd'de5paW4 relative to the enlsstnineet questeion arsi the dsa~imlo(YX Omitiptoniabal tthsWee yiiilar-tlse-?ri~deant,7fitUy 'dit'seof thisr jsdof- :tbedisputo, a1l ground of ooamlli~ ani erynbEect ed rdi$eretne being Fiovd -ece-both s-idzs ~snd-~chlvgtj being perfectly sstias.id# 'with th4be?arts,B plamaion, Our Gverissen ^ _ sff : e
I LAW 0L-Dopr. , , -;- I .?? ?.] . ? ? ? , ?------- ??, ? - ', I., - ? -, - O VnTTRT nP (T-TANrqlr.'RV- , 7 -A-1--?& T-- 0?1- * (Before. atSORDS- JUsTICES of APrit) -; - Several.casee 'were on the- paoer of -the- diy sa-teii .their Lordship, appeAnd upob t e beinch oftdirbiving,beas engs"ed iithe pnivate zoou' for some timeifiAt baf *est 10) the list ws called by the reistrxr eind-the day PaiPers required for;-the informatikn. of- the Court ;but :'ndtherPlain copies nor originals, nor even offioe copies; werelorth. -coming._ Case after case was alledo but insE6m6 counil were'absenrt and in ethers aolicitor:s were 'ot present; even the vestige of- aclerk could inot be discovered. A At last, Lord-JusticeoSnIGEr-BRuCoxeaid if neither- couni, solicitors, nor s pen were preaent 'the whole matters in the paqer mudt struclc'out. > Things were becoiiing. Soo .serious as to papers, aid somethifig muat be done. ' - Lord Justice TuaiscR.--The solicitors 9eems -n6w to thiink-it quite nnesary -to attend the courtit iU. -: Alter -consid4rblo exertion a few members of the bar were coeThsted,shaidx sprinkling of.gentlemen-appeared-updn -the soliciteds bench, and some of *he.earlier cases in tha paper-wree disposed of. At a few minutes after 1 o'clock wvas reached LX PATE RVRYGOTE, ftIRE MARX BOYD. Mr. DANTiT continiued his argument for the appellant A discussion took place as to the correspondence from which the extracts were taken in the reprb-of yesterday counsel contending that, inasmuch as the books of the company were before -the commnissioner, and as the commissioner referred to Mr. Borthwick's report, and as the letter books of the company were also before him, the appellant had a right to use all npon the appeal. Their Lordships held that, as all these documents had been so amply referred to, and were so intirmately-Mixed iuDin the winding-up-uroceedings, if they were not alredy regularly before, the Court of Appeal stele must be taken to bring them so. Counsel on both sides acquiesced in this view, and the objection to the correspondence ceased. Lord Justice KxoarT Blitou-If T understand rightly, this appeal charges Mr. Mark Boed with an association with thoso who declarea a dividend out of capital without PrOfits. Mir. DA-EmL-Most positively so. Lord JustiCo SSIGHT BssucE.-Something has been said about the SM0t. and S(ht. paid by the bankrupts at the time of or immediately besore the bankruptcy not being fraudulent preferences, by reason that they were paid on socount of- Benjamin and Mark Boyd out of the assets of that firm. Were there any proofs under the bankruptcy against Benjamin and Mark Boyd? Mr. D Dst.M-Yes; one debt of 2,5001. was proved against them. Lord Justice XxGssT Bi.UCt.-What then becomes of the question as to joint and separate estate? Mr. DANIE.-When the 30,OOf. odd call was made upon the bankrupt he took in an aceount of 43,00O. and claimed a set-off; but the iaster decided that.the 43,0081. was ajoint debt, if any debt at all, and that the bankrupt's own debt could not be set off against the calL From that the bankrupt appealed, and did not prosecute his appeal so Ls to make the order for a call flmaL and the official manager obtained an order for costs. The learned counsel then proceeded to read several letters contained in the printed correspondence. Lord Justice TuRNyr-I want to know, before ye read those letters, what you purpose to show from them?s Mfr. DfANxn.-First, that the object of Benjamin Boyd, assisted by the bankrupt, was to raise money upon the de- bentures of the bank to be remitted to Australia, and be, there engaged for the purposes of the bank; that it would be shown there were a suggestion and object concurred in by both brothers to declare a dividend without reference to there being any profits out of which to pay a dividend ; that, before the first general meeting of shareholders of the bank, the bank was, to the knowledge of; the bankrupt, in eonniary difficulties; that on the 4th of July, lS4o, the directors, of whom the bankrupt was one, submitted a report to the shareholders, representing the flourishing condition of the property and the profits of the company when no profits were realized, and dividends were paid when there were no profits to pay them ; that 6 per cent, dividend was declared to tept people to lend money to the bank, and that, on tne 29th ot July, 1t6. the report, to which the bankrupt was a p-ty, falsely and dishonestly represented the ability to make a dividend, whereas two days afterwards a letter was written, showing ths desperate circumstances of the bank. Lord Justice KNIGHTr BBRUoEThen you say that there is something in this case beyond the ordinary laws which are said to govern joint-stock companies. Mr. DaNIRL begged leave to dissent from any such view of joint-stock company morality. He admitted that in this case a very low standard of morality was shown ; and, as the aPpellant was now before a court which would both permit counsel to be uninterrupted and the truth to be discussed, be would at once proceed to read the correspondence and Mr. Borthwick's report. After a long reading of the matters before referred to, and making an examination of the " reconciliation acoeunt," the learned counsel concluded his arguments for the day. Beforo, however, he had concluded, the Court required the hat-named account to be taken as part of thb rendence, for what it might bc worth, and marked by the registrar. The case stands over until Thursday.
ROTL CTVP' VnT P r .v - ,- Tm rOO BEIBRYDE V. WREE1R (Bcfore- ake MASTER of ii7e Rol &L's ±i0oZUou gave judgirent in this case, which was a sait for the specific performance of a contract entered into between the plaintiff and the defendant on the 4th of October, 1850, whereby the latter agreed to take a lease of a piece of mineral land, situated in Staffordshid. Among other stpulations cont ned in the agreement there was one onrt t art fo the plaintiff to purchase an adjoining piece of land, - wehowas to be includ ed in the defendant's lease. Various delays took plac in the completion of the matter and on the 10th of December, 12dil, the defendant served the plaint viith a notice that, if the title was not clearedl and the lease executed within a. month he rhould treat the contrct as rescinded, and, the terms of such notice not having been comaplied with, the defendant afterwarts refused to perform the contract. The defence set up was twofold--ist, that there had been misrepresentations made to the defendant with regard to the property before he entered into the contract s and, 2dly, that the delay in com- eting was unreasonable, and that the notice Of the 10th of December had put an end to the contract. H(is Ho'.;OUm now said that, even if there had been [misrepresentation which hadl misled the defendant in the first instance, he considered that the defendant's notice of the 10th of December had waived them, andl the only remaining question was as to whether such notice was binding upon the plaintiff. He thought that insa case like this time was of the essence of the contract, and that, although no timne for prforing it was fixed by the agreement itself, the defendants's notice was reasonablfe and put an end to the contract altogether. The bill wonid thierefore be dismissed with costs.
VICE-CHANCELLORS' COTrR. .Tq-T.r 9R I - V-F.cio WALES ASSURANCE COMrA2N-Y V. TRU- T.l).V (Before Vice-ChancedZcr Sir IL T. KmixRsnI-.i1 lin= case came on upon a general demurrer, for want of equity, to a bill filed by the Prince of Wales Life Assutance Company to restrain execution upon two actions brought by the defendant for 7,0001. and 4,0I00., under these cirotmnstances:-It was stated by the bill that the policies in quesfion were the result of a scheme by Trulock and one Brade, in furtherance of which they stated to the company that Mr. Jodrell, the gentleman on whose life they proposed to effect these plices, was a temperate man, it being admitted that he had ltved freely, but had become quite reformed in his habits, and was living a regular life; whereas, in fact, he had contracted inveterate habits of gross intemperance and excessive profligacy, and had had, in consequence, several attacks of dceirtum tresns, and had been actually under restraint as a lunatic-a condition produced by snch habits; and that, in fact, the life was totally uninsurable, and worth a very few years' purchase, but was represented by the defendants as a very good life, and that if Jodrell relapsed into his former habits such additional risk was met by an additional premium. Not only was the true state of Jodrell well known to the defendants, but the statements made by them were perfectly false and fraudulert and the result of a fraudulent combination by which the policies in question were effected. The bill also stated that by a simDiar fraud the defendants had obtained from other offices other policies at the same period; such policies being in the name of Trulock only, but tbat, in fact, Brade was equally interested in them all, althoughhe was not joined for the purpose of avoiding his appeartngto have any such interest. Jodrell died on~ the 12th of November, 1855, the policy for T,OO1. having been effected in August, 1854, and those for 2,0001. each in peptember, 1855, and, the company having refused to pay them, Trulock brought the two actions execution upon which was now sought to be restrained. The bill stated these faCts, and, further, that by reason of the knowledge of the fraud practised upon the plaintiffs in equity, not being sufficiently brought home to Trulock, a verdict was obtained by him in both actions, and payment of the money ordered m a certain time. Tne bill then dlleged that Brade was equally interested with Trulock in the policies, and had he been produced at the trial the fraud concocted would have been t lly proved, but he was purposely kept out of the way, and the plaintiff were prevented from servin him with a subeena by Trylomk and his soliitor, although they sought to do so by eve iean in their power, both knowing we where he was, and gave information calculated to cause the plaintiffs' solicitor to relax his efforts in endeavouring to serve him; and, under these circumstances, the bill sought to restrain execution upon the noblcies, and asked that they should be delivered up to be caucelled. Mr. Baily and Mv. 510:r. Simpson anpeared in support of the demurrer; Mr. Chasse and EIr. freeman in support of The case was argued a short time since, and noticed in The Times, when judgment was reserved. The VscE-CssUr%cELLOR now referred to the facts as above stated, and said that it did not appear by the bill what pleas had been put in to the actions, which was very material; but, assnimmg the truth of the statements in the bill, which must be assumed' for the purposes. of this demurrer, it was obvious that the person who procured the policies in the manner stated in-the bil. would never be entitled in any court of justice to recover on either, and it was equally clear that such facts would constitute a good and valid-defence at law to an action on such policies, asid' so the company must have considered by going to trial. It was not suggested that, on going to trial, the compahy w.ere ignorant of any of the facts stated in the bill, showing the fraud, except the fact of Bradesa beneficial interest in the policies. The billstated thatit wa-' a' surprise upon them that Brade w's nlot- produced, . and also that he was interested in the policy, 'aud, stating this their ground for coming into equity, it wa imnpossible, for Tfllock and (Brade to get- tbe-benefit of this -double fraud-in getting the insurance. effecteid andkeeping a material wituess out of the wry - and'if -it had been necessary, to provent such fraud from teing successful,toeome into this court, his Honour would baveno hesitaEtin in saying that the bill would lie. On the other bhand the very statement that if BrAde had befen produced t e ciase would have been proved showed tbat there was a complete defence at law- and the miscarriage could-be'set fight, a1d tbexefore, if it stood on thit ground, thl demurrer mut be alowr b'B g pd*atd the second action came on no attemrpt-wmade So postpone it, on the ground which had.vcaniWa *el ic~tgo on the first, bat *.hedeoiay,alloSe& th,it am verdict tqgo upoa that, jao, whereas if the alleg tion with reslect-toe rweretruei,t was competent to movejor a new trial, and if the court of law refused F. -That- application it would ba ec,ually a grounds why;,ithe.:parties- should not eome ibt 'Fquity -andiicsre'e.. sInidee'd, the bill- admitted that they had no means of getting reidef as to Brde's interest except by a newv trid, and' that' Brade threatened to mela* bifl'to establish his claim ; sad they were adyised that they Phild at once apply to this zourt -to avoid a multiplicity of su.aits, hut that wias not good. reasOning. Let Brade din his' bili; atd then see how the Court woula deaswith it, #fter the action bid been decided in'favour of, the company on , t& ground. of the iraud. It was not suggested 'but . thab Bride miight be obtained-as a witness, although the plaintiffs bad.not bee'n able to find him hitherto. -For these reasons, altbhough his Honour would, if there were, not the ordinary s.eans' of getting-relief at law, have given such relief here against such monstrous and scandalous frands, but believing that usuch relief might he had at' lw as-was here sought, he had no option but to allow the demurrer. ': (BEfore Vice-uCnted&rSirW. P. WOOD.) - .DAVIES y, LULY The 'bill- in this case prayed a Epecific performance of an agreement, dated in June, 1844, by'wich the thenfirm of L4nley and Co~., beling the tenantis f- a whairf at Great Sc6tland-yard, Westminster, part of -wich they bccupied themselves in their business as coal merchants and whiarfingers, agreed to let the pDlaintilff certaiin part thereof, formerly occupied by one MrPeniy, and also to give to the saidplaintiff all their uncarted work at a certain rate per -ton. The, agreemlent also stinszlated that H l£essrs. Lunuley should ever wish to remove or give it' up (i.c.' the wharf apparently), they-v ould eive'to the 'plaintiff the option of taking lt on the same tern:s is they held the same; and, in the event of the superior landlords refusing to sanction an -underlease, 'that they would, at all events, secure to the liaintiff an' interest 'for the' *hole term wvhich they thez, had- therein-viz:, 13 years froni J'une, 1844. Messrs Ln.nley - and Co. showed this agreement in 1846 to the superior landlord, who refused to sanction or recognize it. However, The connexionacontinued until the 24th of Janmuary; 1856, when, upon the plaintift's refusal to cart~ some coals for the defendants, the latter refused to continue to employ Mr. Davies any longer. In Septeniber, 1855, Mr. Danies wrote to the defendants to claim the benefit of the agreement, and on the 16th of January, 1856G, filed this bill for a specific performance against Mrs. Lunley (the survisling partner Of r umley and Co.) and hL. Iurray, who had succeeded to their business. Mr. Rolt 'and Mr. Schomberg appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Willcock and Mr. Surrage for the defendant, Mrs. Lumley; Mr. Chandless and MIr. Begbie, for the defendant, Mr. Murray. Tlhe VICE CHACEL.J.OI, v.ithout calling on the counsel for the defendants, observed that, even on the assumption -nost fivourable for the plaintiff, he could have no relief, the plaintiff ha.ving, so long ago as Januaty, 1855, refused to' carry coals when ask-ed so to do. The plaintiff said that the quantity and distance and the state of the roads smade the demand 'oreasonable; but it appeared that another person, a Mr. WelLs, h.ad carted the quantity-immediately, without any difficulty. The plaintiff was contradicted on some points both hy the defendants and by a witness who was named; and then complained that the best witnesses had not been called. But the plaintiff might himself have called Mr. WelLs if he had thought proper. Ths Honour then commented upon the unusual rleief asJked for and the lapse of time; for, notwithstanding the amount of cartage- required was, according to the plaintiff's view, very considerable, yet he had made no definite offer to perform the cartage until September, 1855, after 'fhich he again relapsed into inactivity, nd the bill aias not led until the 16th of January last, hy which he now prayed to have the satne amount of profit made upD to him by the defendants as if he had done all the work;. The least heshould have done wouild have been to come here at once-i. e., in January, 1855, for an injunction to stop any further breach of the agreemeu4t, and with an offer to perform his part of it. His Honour concluded by saying he thought this a very clear case for refusing to interfere, and for leaving the plaintiff to get what damages he could at law, and dismissed the bill with costs.
PREROGATIVE COURT. Vo\-nAv- Tm.v 9 H,SDLEY V. SrACEY. (Before Sir JomT DoDsoN.) WXsss was a business of proving. inolemn form of law the' lnst will and testament -o Thomas Eldridge, late of Bond. street, Vauxhall, dated the 15th of December, 1853. The suit was promoted by Mrts. Handley, the Sister of the deceased, against Mr. Stacey, the executor named in the will. The deceased died on the 25th of September, 1854, aged 50, a bachelor, leaving behind him Mrs. Handley, his only next of k-in. His propery personal and real, amounted to about 5,0001., of which he became postsessed under the wil of his father, on the death of his mother, whih 'ookplce n te 1thof ugut,1854. The property of the father anonsted to 10,0001. over vwhich Mrs. Eldrdgehda dspoing ower sofrasafrected its division between the childpren, gapndshedividedit equally between The will having been propounded by Mr. Stacey in a, common condidit which merely pleadled its dlue execution and the capacity of the deceased at the time, an allegation was then given in, on behialf of Mrs. Handley, which pleadei that the deceased, from his youth, was of weak mind, and became more so as he ad-. vanced in life from his intemperate habits; thzat dluring the last two years of his life he suffered under repeated attacks of deliriumz tfrsens, and was generally of unsound mind. At the usual age he was apprenticed to a Carpeter hut from want of sul5icient mental capacity was unal toler bis trade,~ and never was able to follow any othier business,. ortoemployhimelfinanymannertoobtain aliving. He took his meals and slept at the house of his mother, except at tines during tho latter part of his life, when h wandered about the streets, sutbsisting upon alms At 8uch times he appeared without shoes or stockings, frequently dressed in a r-ed jacket., drew crowds about him by danicing, singing, and capring in a wild and insane manner, and was commonly called "MaS-d Tom" and "tCrazy Eldridge." Papers were pinned to his clothes, sometimes hy 3Ir. Stacey ridiculous and for the amsemen efytndes Am onghi great strength, and called himeclf the"hapoofam beth-walk," although he was of sma ate and wea frame. IHe used very violent language, and threatened to shoot the persons about hi.m. On three occasions he conducted himself with such violence towards his mother that he was bound over to keep the peace towards her for three months. For several years preceding his death hie entertained a notion that he was a very fine agmre, that all the toung women living at Vauxhall, whethermarried or single, were in love with him. Though in absolute penury, he premoised women that if they mnarried him they shonld be clothed i gold and velvet. On one occasion he wounded his arm vith a chisel, and wrote " Emma," the name of one of his favourite; with his blood. During the last idness of a brother, the deceased, without any prov6cation, frequently struck him, inconsequence of which he was removed and confined in a strait waistcoat uantil after his brothers death. After the death of his mother he placed himself at the head of soie strolling musicians in the street, and ivent before them dancing and shouting thia his eother. had left him a coffin fur of gold. At her funeral he kept leaning out of the coach window and calling to the driver, as they proceeded to rlorwood, to ateop at dfferent road-side publichouses, saying that he wanted fried Sausages, beefsteak uddineas, and other articles. The will was not drawna up an reduced into ariting by any directions or instructions from the deceased, it was said, but from those of Mr. Stacey; sad although the deceasedl might have executed it, yet he was not capable of knowing or approving ita contents. A responsive plea was then brought in on the part of Mr. Stacey, in which it was alleged.that the decesed was from a very early period of life addicted to drinking;- that on oneoeccasion, onily happeningaduring thelas,ttwo years of his life, he was attacked by ddlirium tremens, and at all times, except when under the influence of stimnulants, was a clever, shrewd, and intelligent person. He w-as frequently consulted on matters of business by his mother and sister', was in the habit of- oolecting rents for theim and superintending the repairs of houses belonging to his mother, He 'served his full time with the builder to whomi he was apprenticed, and was considered a clever workman, not.only in his own trade,'bist in others Abaut the year 1849 the deceased, -who had previously known Mr. Stacey for 30 years; first visited at his house, and Mr. Stacey, finding that he was a Sensible and patia ma, eonstrated withi him on his itmeaeha bit anduTge his becoming a teetotaller, which the deceased then ridiculed. On two occasions,when he had been committed to Horsemonger-lane Gaol for acts of violence commiitted towards his mother, Mfr. Stacey, at her request, became bail for himn. After his confinemnent his gister, although she knew his violerice airose from his habits of. intoxication, was in the. habit of supplying him with and inducing him to take wine, spirits, and other Stimulants- to excess, and on being remonstrated with said, "1Oh ! let him have his fill." In March, 1852, he took the teetotal Iledge, but in six months re-sumed his formner n ther occasions he pursued the same course. While visiting at the house of Mr. Stweoy he paid his addresses to one of his daughters, - but the marriage was deferrd i conequnce f hs rturn to his drinking habits. Durig te ltterpar ofhislife he ceased to appear in the strets n awil an inanemanner, and was particular as tothe neatness and cleanliness of his dress aand his general appearance. He was not guilty of the conduct imputed to him at his mother's funeral. The coninexion subsisting between him and Mr. Stacey, whichbegasi manyvears before his death, became more close latterly from the afibstion entertained by the deceased for Mr. Stacey's daughter. In 1854 the deceased was examined before an-arbitrater,. alnc gave his evidence in a cautious, careful, and intelligent manner. -He had a great distrust of. -his sister, and freqently e, tresse5 his conviction that she -wished he nigt dlie before his mother, in order that she mnight posesesthe whole of his property. She always, it was said, treated her brother wihgreat harshmess, and notwithstanding she encouraged hm i the use of-stimulants; on one occasion when he was mnore or less intoxicated, she placed on him a strait waistcoat ,which was used for her husband, amid though she repre.sented it as mnerely a joke, he greatly resented it, and 'frecqupntly.expressed his annoyance and indignation thereat; 'During his life, and up to the time of the instlutution Of these proceedings, she always treated bins and spoke of him as, a - sane parson, and fully competent to mannage himnself anid his affairs.' Mr. Stacey in no way, Instructed or .influenced hlin'in, . the making or executing the will, and he was fully capable of doin)g so himnself, or performing any other act requring thougist, judgmnEnt, and reflection. By the willthe yearly sumn of 1001.' was given to Ann; Elizabeth Adelaide Stacey forlser- sole anid Separate' use so -long.as she remained single, or did, not live or cohabit wvith any man or men. The residue was given to Mr. Stacey. 'Dr.'-Dx~~i (with wowaDrpinks), in stipPort of the will, submiittdta h evene proved that the de-.! ceasedwa an2 ide'rae, ispt' an, but 'that he a personofpretysudmn,anfulcaaeof 'making andeeuighswl.H wss rae yeey bedy who had, or wslkl ohv cso uieswt -hlimbn;d paticularly so-by limnother, andbyis sisker, v o was nDw opo his-w, H, U. t f, eye-t'h Court to pronounce or te lidity 'of the anll, ad to acompy it with ceondeniAtion -of the next of Idn in cost. ' , - --'--- Dr. ADDMS (withwhoio wa Pr. lloberb;on), in oppositionto b~ ill,conendd tlat h~ tmoet which could was, not te~ainenta,#ot sbsol*ite1 iii. Audestion--At~ 2fletarycapacitt*: do Ufis cflaract,; MBe - submitt6d with ,,g,ret confiaence that * ca#of greater lfinud, tt6muied to-be supported by falser fiidenoeba4 never obtrudeditself Tpon hne .teetveclti ourts Soi ar from Mrs. Ha oy bemng condem:ned in costs, lhe pressed- on' tho Conri, h o act of justice to her and to ,ihe pnbli4 in 'order to pre'nisata repetitSion of such suite, to pronounce against the will withx The COoux reserved-its judginent.
Ir-SOLY'BAT bBBTOAS' COUBT, Jly 28. IN RPtv GRACE }T1l;lPR: (Before tae cmz co3mmoNiMi-1 i. 1s rinsolvent, who hdaddopted.the name of artl, 'wa nopposed by Mr. Sabme, fwm whom he Ld rented a horie The ground of complaint was vexatiou defence to an The learnel Cow SSIoNEsRleld he, complaint to har4 been proved, aud ordered- the insolvent to be discharged sn siz months from the date of the ,esting order. (Before. itr. ommi/,oW TBU.rsj) IN RE xIDE lU hMLR. - This case has been several timnes: before the Court, and : was concluded to.day by the Court pronouncing a judgment of nine calendar months from the vesting order, for ftaudul -lebtly. contracting a debt of 1301. in reference to the sale of a horse. The insolvent had keen a farmer at Meltoi Mowbray. IN RE RICHARD HUGH. This; insolvent, who had been a publican, petitioned uider the Protection Act. He was opposed by Mbwr4' -Buflo and Snelr, the distillers, who complained that Don heir taing legal proceedings to recover the debt due 'to them the insolvent made awa^y with all his property by * giving a bill of sale to his sister for 701. money lent, and 50!. wsiges oving by him to her. - Both the insolvent and- his sister were separately ei I mined, and their acounts of the trsaction differed in several Points. The learned Co nssoNoR. doubted the honesty of the proceeding, and dismissed the petition.
SUMMER ASSIZES. OX?RoRpn flThTprTT HE FORD, JuLY 2. T'he commission for the county of Hereford was o,enaed on Saturday last with the usual formalities. Mr. Baron Alderson and Mr. Justce Wightman yesterday attended Divine servioe in the Cathedral. The business of the assizes commenced this morning' in both cou-ts ae 10 o'clock; Mr. Baron Alderson presiding in the Civil Court, and Mr. Justice Wightraan in the Criminal Court. The cause list contains an entry of threa causes. The first was an action of ejectment, to recover possession of some cottages, and soon terminated in a verdict for the plaintiff. The second was for goods sold and delivered, and was settled as soon as opened. The third wss an action of' trespass, brought to try the right to a small piece of land on which the plaintiff bad built a cottage, which the defendant had pulled down. It bids fair to occupy the whole day and probanbl a portiom of to-morrow. The calendar for the county contains a list of 13 prisoners, one of whom is charged with the wilful murder of her infant child. The city calendar contains ?. list of four prisoners. The offences charged are of an ordinary ch-, racter. CORs;AL COURT. (Before Mtr. Justice WrisrmAY.) Wiliam PerLins, a farmer, of Madeley, was char ed with forging and uttering a pronissory note for 251., with intent to defraud Peter Powell, another farmer. Mr. Barrett appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Skinuer and Mr. Powell defended the prisoner. It appeared that the prosecutor rented some land of the prisoner, and in October last owed him 25t. IOs. for rent; but against this the prosecutor claimned asmli set-off. The pisoner frequently applied to the prosecutor for payment, and the procecutor was cross-examined as to whether be had not been applied to for the money, and whether he had not offered to give a note, for the amount, and requested the prisoner to put his name to' it for him, hut this the prosecutor denied. Before the note became due the prisoner put in a distress for the rent, and distrained some heifers, which gave greatoffence to the proSe- cu'or. When the note became due, the prisoner was froml home for some days; r.zd forgot to take it up, and tbo prosecutor swore that he never heard of it until he received notice from the bank of its dishonour. He then went to the prisoner, and, after first abusing him for taking his heifers, he next accused him of forging his name, to wbich the prisoner replied that it could not be called forgery, as he had *the prosecutor's authority for doing it. The manager of the bank. sbated that the prisoner was a person of credit and respectability, alid might readily have obtained credit to a much larier. amount. Several other gentlemen and farmers gave similar testimony. Air. Skinner having addressed the jury M1r. Justice WsIGIITsNU left it tothem tosay whether the prisoner had the prosecutor's authority for signing his nam e to the note, or believed that he had. The jury immediately returned a verdict of .Vot Guity. Mxr. Justice WiW .&r, disallowed the expenses of the prosecution.
IfMTD'n4 (fTRRlrw WARWICK, M1OND)AY. TTLT 2B. ±ut siarnea ]uages araveL liere on ISaturday afternoon, but, beyond the opening of the commissions, no assize business was transacted unt; this morning. The calendar contains the names of 51 prisoners, 21 ef whom are from Birmingham. The charges from the bodyof the county are,-child murder, 3; manslaughter, 1; attempt at murder, 1; stabbing, 1; attempt at rape, 1; burglary, 3; robbery, 1; larceny, 6- from the person, 2; receiving, 2; false pretences, 2; cattle-maiming, 1- cattlestealing, 2; non-surrender in bankruptcy, 2. Those from Birminghamecomprise-rape, 1; stabbing, 1; forgery, 5; burglary, 5; rob~bery, 1;* attemcpt at arson, 1; * eriury, 1; false declarations, 2. The list contains 14 causes, of which 11 have been disposed of in the course of to-day. There is only one special jury. CIVIL SIDE.-(BefOre the Lord CQtief Justice JERvIS and a Common. Jury.) BRlOWN V. FOSTER. Mr. Mellor, Q.C., and Mr. Bittleston were counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Macaulay, Q.C., and lMr. Field, for the defendant. Thiswas an action for a false imprisonment anda malicious prosecution, which the defendant justified by reason lof the plaintiff having been guilty of emibezzlement. The aefendantis e:gaged in the timber trade, and the plaintiff was forierly his clerk, having eutered his service in ApiL 1855. The plaintiff alleged that his services had been productive of great advantage to the defendant, and that they had been given rather with a view to a partnership, to be subsequently entered into between them, than as an ordinary servant. Ile drew, however, a weekly sai of 2L ty way of remuneration, On the 27th of December last the p]antiff gave up the trade hooks to the defendant, with a view, the plaintiff urged, to the defendant's going through them as a preliminary to fixing the terms upon wvhich the proposed partnership wras to be constituted. WVhile the books wsere thus withdraw;n from the business the plaintiff was compelled to keep his accounts in the form of loose, detached nzmow-anda. On the 23d of January last the plaintiff made an unsuccessful application to the defendant for the books, which were necessary to the successful conduct of a collecting tour, on which the plaintiff was engaged up to midnight on the 24th. On his return home at that late hour the plaintiff found the defendant and a detective officer in waiting to apprehend him. After a short parley the plaintiff was hurried off to the Moor street gaol in Birmingham, and on the 28th be was examined at the Birmingham Police Court, the defendant appearing as a witnems against him. The reidlt was, a remand until the 30th-of January, when it was!discovered that one of the sums said to have been embe;ded had been duly accounted for. The charge, however, was not finally abandoned until the followinag Saturday. The plaintiff was miniutely cross-examined, and, for, the defendant, it was suggested that the item which had been overlooked in so extraordinaxy a nianner had, in fact, been entered and accounted for, by the plaintiff long afte4 the charge was made. As to the other items alleged to -ave been embezzled,, it was urged that the defendant had beencompelled to withdraw his charge, not from any warit of probable cause, but from a technical defect of proof. ! The trial of this cause occupied several hours, and id the end the jury found a verdict for the defendant.
POLICB. )Lt \7sioN;novSM.-EUzabeth Tregarthen, a notorious imstor, of plausible demeanour, was charged before Sir-R. .W CARDEN with begging. Mr. J. Gieve, clerk to a mercantile firm in St. Paul's churchyard, stated,-On Saturday afternoon I was staiiding at the door of my employer's premises when the priaone appoached me, and, after apologizing for speaking jo mne, said she was in very great distress, having only a short time come from Penzaice in search of a situation that she had been unsuccessful in obtaining one, and all Ler meanis of subsistence were exhausted ; that for the last three nights she had had to walk the streets for want of money to procure a lodging - and that she had had scarcelv anything to eat for severai days. She also said that if she did not shortly obtain relief she was fearful tbat she might be in. duced to tak-eaway her own life. l told her tbatay assistancel tcould render hermust necessary be of a mere'temporary character, and recommended her, to apply to the parochial authorities without delay. She replied thbit in that oase sbe would be compelled to go to the workhouse, which wouid ba most distasteful to her, as she had been Avell brought up, and that it would break her heart.. Sle added that, while walking the streetsat night, great insult and indignity had. been offered bv the opposite se$: wbich had particularlydistressed her mind and wounded her. feelings. I wassom oved byherstory,andtheanparentlvtriith-. ful manner in which it was told,.that I gave hari a shiling. As she was leaving me a clerk in our establishmenr came uip, and asked me if I had relieved her, and, ,6n bihy replying t at I had, he said the prisoner was an inpostor, and that a short time previously she had, obtained 6d. from. hia.bv uarrating a similar tale of povertyandmi ser. IJnon t1iisl caused her to be tak;en into custody. Sho aiso tZoi iiat on the previous Sunday she had attendedDivinesdri-ie threectimes.- - Sir R. W. CAnIDEN.-Do you wish to ask the witngss auy questions? He charges vou with having toldhin e apitialil tale, vhich induced bin to give you a shilipg, which tolo P:isoner (pretendmg~ to crv}. 'I toldJAnim he trth, having relievewd the perls°onenjsdaC thabt sthe (prtiioner) csim to him lat the warehoseaeWwk sho a° nd-to dhi a He deeply sxymp% iiz .dth e h- jw t ff--ut condition ad gav lie 6d., the only xoe ey lie ha abont him at the -time. - SirR W. erle-o:o trenoets:great aredit aiposiyou-an 'for Zour liidpneut, but for -oOu: seed fesJilg (To tbe,priaoner.),-D4o yoiunem bea appr he for lief soic time ageo?,--'- -. :Pni4eone.-Yes,,jSr; tbree evormontHlUagiio. _ -a,* Si?IL W. CAES.-Youto1dolA us thaeseto tb ' Yot sid sou had jiust eom9 *om Cornwall -and .ad beau wn;tlienethealY:igtfowant.of sheter. ' 'Inyosa have also beeQ inrs offie,t- * Prisoner---ho,TdI ae3~ TonI-lhavc'not. - ''W.,. Sir R. W. CARDrx.-I donzt think I am mistaken. ir.- Goda 5li=f d?k).-She has appliedto number Mr.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~r of role for rdliw e Ff 1 . ini.-It noi 6doiibwht vekh4 are about as great anisitor as evr cane into thevity or London. Wearedeply nadebed totheee t rwo witem f coming-forward to giveavidencea aintvou. Te benevoo lent portion of the.comaunity aredailduJ - -rrr lkeso, and if' instead of affording rlief, they would ii th t in=o'e inq.ire into the cses brought ua*d,thsw notice,-the trutL would hb ascertained and impostr wouild meet with their proper punihment. I have no-dot whatever that you -have been livig pon tat soft e for years, imposing Upon ever=oyd yoa case near, a_d for the sake of inducing belief t he truth of yoar story you act the -part of a hypocrite, by xeferrin4 to your having attended hiurch three-Aimes -in one, d4i. If there is one charaoter 3nore dangerous thia another it i a sucoemful -beggar, because he destroys all the'b feelings of huuina nature, and"'withholds the 'hand--of charity from the relief of the reallv dedit-te and disised Yours is a very fltgrant case, and I4eelitmy-dutytiooommitrou to-prison for one month with hard lauour. *. The prisoner pretended to.. wep bitterly, and left the ber saying, "l'm not an impostor. Oh,dearl I , -dear!" -, John O'Deer was charged with burglariouidy enteri Dyers Hall, Dowgate-kill, an staling a auahtity of kWdviv andioriks and wern apilaiei - The prsoner, who declined putting any questions to-:he witnesses,was fllycomnmittedfortrial. . . h :kAR0BOOUGU-sTRrE.-ctobertTohnston3., of thei. k and Navy Club,. was summoned, before Mr. BEDpOs3 fr .having wantonly and Wilfully conspired and combined with auother person unlhfully aud under false pretences to arrest WIlliam Kay, *gainst bis will, -and, - in pu±s'ance of suEih coispiracy, arresting and i;nprisonig the said W,iLiamx -KZy for 6 space of time, to Wit, sx hors. : Mr. Bodkin was for theI complanant; Mr. Robinson for the defendant Mr. BxADoY.-I1 sted on the l ostc en that if th casehadrested entirelyon the summons for the assault, though it had not been sbown that Kay had sustained any very great injury, I-should haverequired Johnstone to find heavy bai as it was possibloethat a ury mght award hea damages; but. as the chsge of oonspiracy s cnnected -with the assault, I thought I was bound to affordtimo to t4e defendautto answerthecharg NowN , talin the evidenceasit stands, I must say, unless I am to believe Kay has perjurid himself up to thebilt, thatle has iade olt a story toprove that two persons were oonuernod in tting bim to alhouse and there detininghim against his ill. Itseems very likely thatapersonwasinstrcted to sayhe had a writ againss Xay, as Kay was likely to be cowed-by the name of a writ, for a debt of his wife's-Nhich, froni what has .transpired, was not an improbable mrutter. lBut, certinl, whert hand was put uipon Kay or not, it isclear that le 'was taken to a house, the door locked upon him, and the first person. who apeasrs is; Johustorne, wvho told him he should not lltow him to go out of the honse -until he algreed to certain points. Itis true that this rests solely on Ky's evidence, but he was told to go to bed, and why this, .if he were not detained in the house!s One of the pleals for doing away with grand juries was, that no indictnentiorconspiracy shouldbe obtained behind the bicks of the accused; partins should come before is justiceandhavesomething like an opentil; and, though the new pl i gives Us a great dealof trouble, I think it an exceedingly good tbingfor the public. Now, what is the positionof this case ? .y or no,. is there a priin facie con?iray made out by the facts ? Can I say no ? There is, I thinlc, a m £d fiae case of cospiracy to get a gentlemnan ito thehands of Johnstone for some purpose. The proceeding, as the affair turns out, ends in nest to nothing. It is alleged that Kav was got into the power .of Johnstone, in order to obtain something by which the decree should be set aside. These are excellent topics to go to a jury. The admisdon of Johnstone itself confrms Kay; for he says, "I had!no other means to enable me to get au interview vwith him." I do-not say what X jury would do, but I think a grand jury would find a bill on this prisrA facie evidence, and I must therefore bind him over to answer the charge. Mr. BodkXin applied for responsible bail. Mr. Robinson suggeted that Johnstone's own recogpizsnces would be sufficient. Mr. BDAnONe decided that the defendant must find good baiL WZSrnTSLSS.-Mr. PA.irrxiT gave his decision in the cse of the " Parish of St. John, Westminster, v. the Char. tered Gas Light and Coke Company." This was a summons chxrging thesdefendants -with having, on the 26th of June last, anlawfully broken up and opened the pavement and soil of a certain street in the panrish of St. John, Westminster, for tne purpose of laying down new mains of pipes, without the consent, in witing, of the D1Bstrict Board, i.e., the Board of Works for the Westsninlste District. The offence complained. of wavs alleged to be a breach of one of the provisions of the 10'Jth section of the 1Sth and 15th of Victoria chap. 120, the Act for the Better Local Management of the Metropolis. The facts proved or sduitted were these :-That the company, created and incorporated in 1812 by the 50th of George ILL, chap. 163, and having had its powers enlarged by subsequent acts of the 54th of George IIL, chap. 116, and the 56th of George I1L, chap. S7, had made a contract dated the 8th ofrNovember, 1854, with the Commissioners for Paving and Lighting the Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John, Westminster, for lighting the.streets east of Vauxball-bridge-road for th-ree years from 1854; that, by the statute last referred to, the District Board of Works had been substituted for, and was now represented by, the said Commissioners; that the company, for the purpose of executing this and other contracts, had a large gasholder in the Horseferry-road, iand bave recentay erected a new gasholder in Holywell-street; that for the purpose partly of connecting these gasholders, and partly for enlargig the mains already existing in their vicinity, the company, on the day mentioned in the sum. mons, had broken and opened the pavement and soil in pDrtions of the Horseferry-oad, Earl-street, and llolywallstreet, and dug a trench, wherein they had laid a new 12-inch niLin; that previously to doing these works the company, on April 4, 1856, had applied to the district board for permission to do such works for the pnrpose of laying down new mains - that such permission was refused; that subsequently, on tie 21st of June, the company iad given the board notice of their intention to do the like work for the purpose of laying aownz a gas main or pipe, and that such works, constituting the offence complained of, had been done accordingly. A plan of the locality was produced, and the contract iput in, whereby the msmssioners covenanted that they would at all times while the company in execution of their contract should continue amply and sufficiently to supply gas in the streets, &c., comprised in the contract, "as occasion should require, permit the company, upon request made to the commissioners, subject to the provisions contained in any act or acts of Parliament in that behalf or intay manner relating thereto," to break up the pavement4and soil of the said streets, ac., for the purpose of digging.and sinking trenches and laying down or repairing pipes foi the supply of gas to light the Eaid streets," c. 1U answer to the sum mons, it -was in the first placq objected that no offence was proved, inamuclh as only; onc main of pipes was shown to have been laid down, whereas " mains of pipes" arethe words used inthe act in describing the offence, and it was urged that the 4th section of the 13th and 14th of Victoria, chap. 21, did not apply, because the word "main" in the singular, with reference to water 4ompanics, was used in describing another offence in the former part of the section. The worthy Magistrate said, the conclusion lhe ;had come to was that the summnons must be dismissed; but he was ready to put his decision in any shape that would best suit the parties to obtain the judgment of a sup6xior court. and a distnt day was named for the parties to avail themselves of the magistrate's suggestion, if they thought fit. In the case of :' Kammerer vx Roret," for imputed perjury, in an action brought upon a dishonoured bill in the Court of Exchaquer,. detailed in Xhc 2imes under this head 7a, few dys age, the prosecution was withdrawn upon the-ground that the, solicitor who.conducted is did not considerthis charge could possibly be sustained upontheunsupported testimon of oneof the witnesses, whose conduct vwas open to considerableanimadversion;- and we are infotmed thst bER.lloret was fully prepared with testimony to refute the accusation. WoRsm=-sTF=.-Charles Garnham, a horsehairweaver and sieve manufaicturer in York-street, Bethualgreen, was charged before Mr. D'ByNcouprr with the following gross neglect of a number of his apprentice girls:- About a fortnight ago the defendant brought two out of five of hig apprentices to this court for refusing to perform certain work he had set them to, and the girls, when before the magistrate, complained so seriously of the treatment to which they had been subjected that the magistrate directed the case to stand over, in order that Mr. Christey, the relieving overseer of Bethnal-green, might investigate the circumstances. Mr. James, clerk to the board of guardians of the Holborn Union, now attended to watch the case on the part of the girls, and Mr. Christey stated,-The defendant formerly lived at Old Ford when these girls were apprenticed to him, -ind in consequence, therefore, of an intimation to that effect being communicated to me from the bench I about 10 days back went to the house of the defendant to inquire into the facts, and upon entering the place I found it to consist of three wretchedly furnished rooms only, for the accommodation of himself, his wife, a female lodger, and five apprenticed girls. The defendant and his wife were both in a state of intosication when I went there. I made my way into a smll attic which I found to be used both as E sleepinig, sitting, and worldng room; there were- two beds in it, the coverings of iwhich were very filthy; therewasverylittle other furniture, and altogether the place vws most squalid an -miserable. The girls told me they hia notbing else to wear 'ut what they then had on theni. and that they were obliged oiccsion:ally to prtwith some of theirthings to buy-food. .AAr-eome further conversat on with them to the like effect, I considered it a case which must be taken notice of, and that the best way- would be for raetoundertaketheir temporary caTe by conveyingtbem at once to ourworhimouse. .. Bridget Dacey.-I was apprenticed to the defendant by indentue, and my complaist is that for two years I haves -not hadproperbedding supplied me. The defendant, who.- is often draunk, has somDetimes beaten me with a stra, and does not supply us with pro er food. We have7 a 'been .deprived of suficient foocd, w as bound for sevren years, and complained to the guardians of the parish I vwas bound - rom, wrishing to get my indentures cancelled. -The wife gets drunkfrequently, e.ven. worse than the defendant himself does. - Bunz Plummer.-I am also aa apprentice, and hiv;e the same comnpldt to make Mthel th@UjtI(w~ xylade b~uw IMUdd 2Nether>mJatr normismwsrgote. aDlasce of worsip. Wo}eis not bonalesfor tlWla LtDmontha;w hadnot clo . to5o.i. -ir Annue Gran 13r appiy!Fti.-I have iotsl betwen shitsfor two - ya md. notbento a nhee WOp for-two ye a , a I seeiboti isat and m&n drunk. M3pre' WAlla fourth apprertioe.-Isl+nwithtwb .tberappiintioes. Thebeid-w -erliry; Iy.donot thbik .-th shefets hare beesi Wa for 1tws, rs, nor)save I bfau to. ihurch for -two yeir; hIave lse both of thii drunk --- - : - 'afry Mine ~Wiliim, *bo desrbed herself as a namrea Womn1L-1 have inad at the 8da.ndt's, gsgtlesre whrs wsout of work. The girls couldearn 1dperd_at tbe wrork andout-ef that paidthedefeat8 d perdayforfood. Sometiwesodieywouldnv th& a ,iziz ,u satotherstheywoul4 101iom 9 iattae anorniw i6n tbe evening without. This nts vecutreJrlwe-e Whe they ed 8d. a-dayle would keep - if hots ty-kept thesuelves. I have seen the defendnt aul7ii wi e both in lquor. I 23, but have often slept in the ssme bed deenant And hMswe, I lecping it the foot Mr. )'E;-,coUrL.-Thisis a very mefl em Defendat.-I have treatedthe girls a well I could my circumstinces are much altered from what t-he were Iormerly. The girls might have.been without food for ianie I few hors whwle I w6 o ut on abinesz, btt not to th e xtent Mr. D'EY-COUPT.-I f nd that L6 premium has be pad in each ease with tbese girls, and I shaUl order a return of 2Z for each girl, and thzt the indenitures be immediately cancelledL Abundance of evidence has been offered meto come to that conclusion;snd,indeed, thermis almost enouh to warant further proceedings aganLst zhe defendant,,,w o andsis 4ife have ceraily set these poor girls, Who *VrO intratedt .their care and protection., avery. biA example. The defindant repeated his denia, but both parishes asented to the magistrate's deciEion, and the order was -so made, and the indentures cancelled ac ordingly.Q THAX.-A resjectable young nan, who sated ihe was a danghtsmau in the employof Mers Yourg, Son, and magnay, shipbsilders, Iimehsoule-dokc, applied to Mr. Y ry for a summons against a shipwrigbt on srike formerly employed by the firm, who had insulted him, :*ed tentng 6 1 tow h. adthrow pint of beer in his faec. ge offered no provocatici for the outrage. Mr. YArDLEy.-Did this aise out of thise tike 1 Anphcant.-Yee, Sir, it did. Gr. Y,RDLEy.-T&ce asummnons. A shipwrightin the -employ of Young, Son, and Iagnay, whose face and head were much cut and bruised, next made apulication for a warrant againet one of the union men on stfike for assaulting him. Hesaid that he returningta his employers' premises after.din-erwithlother menwien they were attacked by the union men, who hemmed them in. They were svagely beaten. Mr. YAsDLEY.-4an you identify amy of them? The Applicant.-I can only identify one man, and here is one of Mess Younge people who knows his name. A number of us have agreed to work for Messrs. Young, Son, and 3agnay for 12 months certain, and we are satisfied with the hours of labour ana the terms, and that has displeased the Union men on strike, who have declared vengeance against us. There was a crorwd of men on each side of the way. They began striking us on all sides. Mr. Y.mDnnY.-I wligrant a summons against the man whom you say you can identify. There have been upwards of 100 police-constables of the K division, under the direction of 'r. HowisH supentendent of the division, on duty in and about Mesers. Yo,Son and Magnay's yard since Saturday at noon, whe' 40 lersey shipwrights and others, recently taken on by the firm as substitates for the bands on strike, wereinsltedsndbe and from the threats held out no doubt a more serious outrage -was intended and would have been perpetrated by the union men if the police had not beenpromptly called upon. The Jersey men were offered 200. by the Ship-wrights' TTnion directly they reached London, to induce them to violate their agreement with Young, Son, and Magnay, and return to Jezsey. Thu money was refused, threats were then held out, and violence was at last resorted to by the union men. We regret to state that Mr. Sidnqy Young, son of Mr. George Frederick Young, received many severe contusions while protecting the new hauds from the violence of the union men. A policeman of th6eK division, nameed Lockhart, uvas knocked down by a stone thrown at his bead anddisabled, while conveying iprisonerfrom Limehousedock toPoplar on ar afternoon. The Jersey men were lodged on board ship in Mfess Young, Son, and Magnay's yard on Saturd-y sand. Bnday night. This precaution wa snecessery to eep them out of thereah of therunion men.__ _ _ _ _ _
LhGmp-OUS SYSTE2Y OF DECemAL COiAxAm -A simsple, ngenious, and very pratical sys-tem of decimal coinage has been suggested for the adoption of the Governrment by Mr. Arthur Bowes, M.A. (Cantab) of Upper Clapton. This gentleman observes that there ara three requisites indispensable to the popularization of any system of decimal coinage. -L That fhere shouldbe as little interferenee 'with our accustor,ied nomenclature and coins as possible, so as to avoid practical inconvenienoe -n monctarytransactions when the change takes place. 2. That the capability of calculating and comparing the new and old systems be simple and pretical; and, S. That the new scale and its uses be made patent to the masses as rapidly, as glaringly, and as universally as possible. Mr. 'Bowes t-hen proceeds to propose that t-he presentftrthing (the 9th part of a pound) be cironate- (till replaced), as the 1-000th part. The - old 'penny of -George III. (stil very common) may be taken ais- the type of the new permn.Tfeces, which would be'S-de to represent a value of uvefarthins. The rest of the coinage might remain in sfatu- giio, with ;.e addition of one new coin, to be calleda "r decime, and the substitution of tne old name of "testes" forov3at isnow caUlledtbe'-." ixpenoe," a term which -would, under the biew system; be' obviouly a. misnomer. Thus:-10 fartiinzs woiuldinakel. decime of svhich the penny is te halfanIthebalfpennrthe ferthi; 10 decimes woould makelifiorin (of whichitbe .llb i ins The 'half and thet{eeter the fourth),- *ndiO 1flonns w- t makf .1 sovereign (of wlich the erown is the fourth aM the halfcrown the eighth). 31r. Bowei apprehenrds no- erifus loss to the Gonernment wortby of compariOn 't'th'the great convenience of the proposedohtnige. =
YILITABY AND NA VAL LLITNoB. The following nrlitary and naval newvs isderived fromn letters of our Malta coiTespondent to the 234 inst.:- Her Majesty's steam.frigate Magicienne ,ived froha Gibraltar on the 2th;. - -The Royal George screw stcai±slhip of the line arrived on the 17th from Coest^atinople, c6nveying LieutenantColonel Robertis, Lzitenant-Colonel Hull, and 20 other tofficera of the S2d; Lieutenant-Colonel Waddy and l11 otheruDfficeroof the5Oth, andl,081non-commissionedafficers and privates of these two regiments. The Pacific screw steam-transport arrived froms Balaldava 'and Constantinople on the 18th, bringing Mr. Herbert, P1., Lieutenant-Colorel Evans, 36 officers, and 406 non- commissioned officers aud privates of the Lauid Transport Corps, and left for England on the 19th. " The bark Albatross, from Corfu, with Government stores; the bark Felicity, from Sebastopol, with captured stores; and the brig Georgiana, with naval stores, all for account of the British Government, arrived from Constasitnoole on the I9th; and at the same time, from Balaklava, the English brig Ohio, with War Department stcres. This latter left for Woolwich on the 21st. "Her Majesty's steam-sloop Oberon arrived on the 19th from Constantinople. " The Dragon arrived from Balakiava on the 19th, bringing Major Robertson, R.E.; Major Cooke, R.E.; one Lieutenant, 4th Regiment; three Assistant Staff-Surgeons, *and 229 non-commissioned officers and privates of the Sappers and Miners. "H er Majesty's despatch-steamer Banshee arrived from Constantinople on the 20th, bringing Rear-Admirnl Fromantle, and left for Marseilles on the same evening. " The Argo steam-transport arrived from Balaklava on the 21st, bringing 180 horses. She left for England on the 22d. "Her Majesty's steam frigate Sea-horse arrived on the 21st from Constantinople. "The Clarendon steam-transport arrived from Constantinople on the 21st, bringing 101 horses, 11 officers, 139 noncommissioned officers and privates of various regiments. She left for England on the 23d. " Tha Labrador French steam-frigate, with 840 officers, rank and file, arrived on the 17th from Constantinople. "The European English steamer, in the French service, :arrived from eaminsch, Constantinople, and the Pirsus on the 19th, bringing 593 officers, rank ancd file; the Eldorado steam-frigate, from Gallipoli; La Meurthe steam-transport, from Constantinople, bringing 656; and the American ship Queen of the Clippers, from Ramiesch and Constantinople, with stores, 148 horses, and 275 officers, rank and file; the Lidskiol left for Oran on the 22d; the steam-trans ort lady Jocelyn, in the French service, arrived on the 09th fromConstantinople,brinmgi 20 officers, 813 non-commissioned officers and privates, and left for Marseilles on the 20th. " The Empress English steamer, in the French service, arrived from Ga31poh on the 21st, bringing 214 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, and left for Forquerolles on the 22d. " The Passepartout French Government steam despatchvessel left for liPli on thse 224. "Eis Sardinian Majesty's steam-frigate Governolo arrived on the 20th from Constantinople, bringing 34 officers and 177 non-commnissioned officers and privates, and left for Genoa en the 23d. "The screw-steamer Bceotia arrived from Tiverpool on the 18th, and left for Syra and Constantinople on the same day. " The Victory scres-steamer left for Gibraltar and London on the 17th. " The Tamaulipas screw-steamer arrived from Alexandria on the 22d, and left for Liverpool on the same day. "The Viscount Lambton screw-steamer arrived from Constantinople on the 22d. " The French postal steam-packet Mersey arrived on the 17th from Alexandria. " The Thabor French postal steamer arrived from Marseilles on the 20th, bringing, among other passengers from the Levant, Baron Finat and Ali Bev, and left on the following evening for Syra, Smyrna, and Constantinople. "T e French postal steamer Capitole arrived from Marseilles on the 20th. " The city of London steam-transport, from Genoa, the Carmel French postal steamer from Constantinople, and the Ida screw-steamer, from the eastward, have arrived at Malta. " The Euxine Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer, which left Southampton with the heavy India mails on the 4th, only arrived here on the evening of the 15th, having had to put into Lisbon to make good some trifling damage to machinery. Among her passengers for Malta are Surgeon Miackinnon, and for Alexandria, whither she proceeded on the following morning, Major Marsden, Captain SEton and Dr. Horal. ' Her Majesty's screw steam factory Chasseur arrived on the 15th from Constantinople, and left for Spithead on the following day. The Australian screw steam transport, bringing five horses, Major Buchanan, 11 other officers, and 195 men of the Land Transport Corps, Chief Superintendent Hope, 12 Assistant-Superintendents and clerks, and 237 men of the Army Works Corps, and the Rev. Mr. Hudson, arrived from Constantinople on the 16th. " The English bark Fancy, from Sebastopol, with captured stores for Portsmouth, arrived on the 16th. " The Ocean, with stores¢, the Cameo and the Coronella, from the Crimea, arrived on the 16th. "HZer Majesty's steam corvette Con'dict, with the mails for Corfu, sarrived on the 16th, conveying LieutenantHitchcock-, 46th Regiment. " Her Majes 's steam-transport Assistance, left for Constantinople on the 16th, conveying Captain Inglefield, R.A. "The Athenian steam-transport, having on board 603 officers, rank and file, left for Marseilles on the 26th. " The Paris, French steam-transport, arrived on the 16th, from Constantinople, with 216 officers, rank and file, and left on the same afternoon for Marseilles. " The Simois, F rench postal steamer, arrived on the 16'h, from Constantinople, Smyrna, and Syra, bringing, among other passengers for M1arseill%e for which port she left on the same afternoon, 47 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates. "The steam-transport Perseverance on leaving her moorings, at Coradino, on the morning of the 21st of July, to take her departure for England, with 410 invalids from the East, ran on Lola Point, where, notwithstanding the munted power of the Dragon, Magicienno, Shearwater, and Argo steamers to extricate her, she continued hard and fast on the departure of the mail at noon, on the 23d; and, although the rock is said to he very even, it is much feared that she wiill have suffered serious damage. All the troops, stores, fuel, ballast, k., have been landed, but, as yet, without movig her i the least." Her Majesty's ships James Watt and Retribution arrived at Portsmouth last night from the Crimea with troops. The 8th Hussais, at present quartered at Dundalk, and the 17th Lanceri, now at Cahir, are shortly to move to Dublin, to form, with the 16th Lancers, a brigade, to be under the conmmand of Brigadier-General Shewell, C.B. The Admiralty steam yacht Vivid, Mlaster Commander Mlugford (acting during the absence of Master-Commnarnder Allen, confined to the hospital from the effects of an accident), sailed on Sunday from Woolwich for Dover, under orders to be retained on special service. The Princess Alice, 1, paddlewheel iron stearavessel, Lieutenant Ward commanding, has left Woolwich also for Dover, to be employed as tender to the St. Jean d'Acre, about to proceed to Cronstadt. The troop steamvessel Dee has left Woolwich with boilers for the steam-sloop Buzzard, at Devonport. It is intended to lengthen the voyage of the Dee on this occasion beyond her ordinary trip to the western yards, so as to put the superheating steamn apparatus of Mr. Wethered, which has been applied to the machinery, to the most effectual test. 31r. Partridge, acting chief engineer of Woolwich Dock, yard, accompanied by the patentee, has taken passage on board the Dee, for the purpose of making the necessary observations thereon, so as to report on its success. A number of shipwrights and an additional number of labourers were yesterday morning temporarily employed in Woolwich dockyard, to hasten the work required on board the Caledonia, seamen's hospital, docked there on Friday last. The sailing transport Star of the South, NIo. 49, is discharging her powder at Purfleet, and is to land her ordnance stores at Woolwich. The steam-transport Arthur Gordon, No. 238, arrived at Woolwich on Sunday last from Spithead, with ordnance stores from the East. The Hetton screw-transport, No. 156, steamed up to Woolwich yesterday morning, and has entered the Victoria Docks to land Tower and victuallin' stores. The NicholasWood, having been paid out of the transport service on the 24th at Portsmouth, has caUed at Woolwich to unship the residue of her cargo from Balaklava-namely about 20 tons of shot. The freightship Brightman, of London, went down to Woolwich yesterday morning from the dock; and has commenced taking on board guns, shot, shell, light ordnance stores, and navyprovisions for Hlalifax. The East Anglian Government stealm-transporb arrived at WGolwich yesterday morning from Portsmouth with condemned stores, and has entered the Victoria Docks. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-Commander G. A. Phayre, to the Basilisk Commander John Corbett, to the Inflexible; Commander Charles Fellowes, to the Cruiser; Commander C. T. Leckie, to the Fnry; Lieutenant Henry Berkeley, to the Princess Royal; C.. C.lHassai, midshipman, to the Boscawen; Alexander Cross, surgeon, to the Cusar- Frederick.Mundy, advanced to first-class paymaster; '. R. Hail, ad- vanced to second-class paymaster; W. H1. Mayford adva.nced to third-class paymaster.X tnaOr.NB GARNS.-Extensive preparations have been made for Mr. Simpson's benefit on Thursdaynext. Two. large illuninated crowns are to be placed over the ]King's-road entrance; the Royal arms, on a sceal ually large, are to sparkle in the Turkish m osque; a sheld is to be displayed near theshburaham entrance. But the most xmatkable feature will be two obelisk; containing eight tablets and surmoutdbthcrwso France, Sardinia, c:ipienteo. h e deilmnted on the new principle.
7THE- IUIK A-T BAAEZR TO T1!E EDITOR OP TH3E TIMES. - Sir,-Havingjust seen in a c6py of your Itnal a tele- graphic message received at Parls, co;-veying the impresgson I that order was restored at Barcelona on SatWday, the J9th, -I vinture to trouble you with a real ttatement of facts, having been as eye-witness from te comnen'emient of the outbrehk, on Fziday, the 1Sth~, 'fl order was completely reEtored, -which most ceX biu;y. it was not till the Tuesday following. I arrivoil from Malaga at Barcelona on Thursday afternoon, the 17th. Upon approaching that port we were not allowed to. land till the captain first went on shore and gave the authorities the assurance that certain suspected persons were not among the passengers. On Friday, about S in the afternoon, the principal promenade, the Rambla, was thronged with riotous gronps, crying out " Viva Espartero P" before the civil guardhouse, and nearly opposite to the hotel, the Quatre Nations, in which I was staying. While at dinner, about half-past 5 o'clock, we were startled by a discharge of cannon and a rattle of musketry in the promenade before us. This, with the immediate occupation by a large body of troops, had the effect of directly clearing the promenade of those disposed to riot, who retired into a narrowv street, called the Calle delUuion, rnning out of the promenade on the south side, and also into another street of some length, called the CaUe Nueva, about 65 yards in an oblique direction from the door of the Quatre lTations. Here barricades were commenced, and also in a narrow street on the other side of the promenade; the troops at once opened fire with musketry, with occasional discharge of cannon. Firing continued, without breathingtime between the shots, for two hours. We then only had occasional discharges of the musketry till 11 at night, when the firing was tremendous, and we had quite enough of cannon and musketry to deafen one for life. The insurgents returned the fire from the houses in these streets, most of which were in their occupation, but they were more careful of their amnnunition stores than the troops. The troops by 1 o'clock in the morning had quite succeeded in stopping the barricades; but each side retained their position, with onlyoccasional discharges of musketrytill Saturday morning. The steamer Balear brought the substance of the information to MarseiWes, which was telegraphed to Paris, and so appeared in your columns. It left Barcelona at 8 o'clock in the morning (Saturday), when we were enjoying a few hours of temporary quiet, but the troops had then made no attempt to enter the disturbed streets. Early that morning an order from Zapatero, th, Captain-General, was posted about the city, commanding the militia, whose sympathies were said to be on the popular side, to disarm in one hour on pain of death, This had, generally spealing, the desired effect in Barcelona itself, but some joined the disturbers. Shortly after 11 we were "drifted" from a few hours repose into war. Our hotel and some of the adjoining houses in the Eambla were taken possession of by the troops, who really were most prodigal in the discharge of ammunition from the roofs, without taking particular aim at anything. The troops, from the entrance to the disturbed streets, and also from the roofs of these houses in the Rambla, kept up a tremendous fire throughout that day. The insurgents, from their position of shelter in the houses in the disturbed streets, were enabled to carry on a most fatal fire against the troops at the entrance of those streets, and to single out the officers among whom a General officer was severelywounded. About 2 o'clock a barricade was carried by the pioneers, and several prisoners were captured. Ambulances, carrying dead and wounded troops, kept going backwards and forwards along the Pambla to the citadel throughout the day. Many prisoners were taken by the troops, but no attempt was made to penetrate these streets. On Sunday morning at 5 o'clock firing commenced at Al points, and was carried on without cessation for 11 hours. It was evident that the insurgents were making extraordinary efforts. Outside the waLs a force came to relieve the insurgents. Their ap. proach had been anticipated by the troops, and they wera put to flight v;ith the loss of 20 killed, and some prisoners fell into the hands of the troops. About half-past 12 the southern fort and the Castle opened fire upon these disturbed quarters. About 4 o'clock we heard a flourish of trumpets; the municipal authorities were proceeding dowvn the Rambla to the Captain-General to ask for a truce, and to see if some accommodation could not be effected. A temporary trace was granted In the meanwhile the rioters were enabled to re-erect the barri. cades, and to take also up a considerable part of the pavement of one of these streets. As the troops stationed at the heads of these streets were much exposed, and were really suffering severely from the fire of the insurgents from the houses, who, withont wasting their ammunition, were singling out the officers, smal ballproof enclosures were placed here, the walls composed of sandbags, forming shelter for the troops. On Monday morning firing eommeneed at a very early hour. A report got abroad that the great General Prim bad arrived to take the command, and mest decisive steps would be taken. This, however, turned out to be not true, as, though the great General visited the scene of action, he was only pasing through. It was, however, now apparent that much more decisive measures were being taken. AL random firing from the houses was nearly stopped, and large bodies of troops, with artillery and battalions of infantry and cavalry, were being moved up, and continued supplies of ammunition and stores. A large body of the National Guards, who arrived to reinforce the insurgents, were arrested at the gate. The firing of cannon from the forts anid batteries becauie incessant. One of the disturbed stroets above our hotel in the Rambla was carried by the troops, with very great loss on ea^h side. Soon after midday the CaUe del Union was also carried, and, shortly after that, after one hour's most vigorous bombardment, the trumpet sounded for a charge, and the troops, with a cheer, jumped over their defences into the Calle Nueva, immediately opposite the hotel; the first three men were shot down on entering it. The charge was successful, and the street was most bravely carried, with considerable loss. All the town now fell in the hands of the troops. A large body of the insurgents fled to the walls; they were pursued by the Lancers, who overtook them at Gracias, one mile up the Ilambla, and speared at least 200 of them. During the night the southern fort continued to fire upon the retreating insurgents. It was, of course, hard to obtain anycorrect estimate at presentof the numbers killed and w.ounded, but I have good authority for saying that250officers were killed. The troops behaved admirably. In one regiment the three senior officers were killed, and the insurgents throughout fought most vigorously. Probably not less than 1,000 on both sides were killed, and an English resident infonned me that he saw 50 thrown into one grave on the Tuesday morning. Certainly the killed and wounded must amount to 2,000- the whole of Tuesi was ocn in the burial of the dead. The Brish Vice=en aul, who bad the misfortune to live in the Calle del Union, lhaving been confined to his house without food, escaped over the roofs of the houses, not without considerable danger of being shot by the fire of the insurgents, and teok refuge at an adjoining hoteL I wnite this immediately upon reaching France from Barcelona, and hope this simple narrative and correct statement of facts may be of service. I have the honour to remain, Sir, Your verv humble and nhediAn+ e,-4,4 W. P. -ff., Marseilles, July 25.
A CAB GRIEVANCE. TO TME EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The abuse complained of by Kour correspondent "A South-Western," in The Tivwes of this morning, is one which, far from being peculiar, as he seems to sunpos, to thseline by which he travels, prevails eually-as alt raiwa travellers can testify-at every station in the snetropollsat Lso great sn inCOnvenience to the public tbat it is matter of surprise that it should have continued so long unabated. The proceeding described is not an isolated trick, but the universal practice of the cabs which ply at the various eta- On the arrival of a train, let any passenger make the experiment. His door is, as we will suppose, the first to be unlocked; he is next to the platform, he ,mnps out, and rushes, first of all his fellow-passengers, to the line of cabs on the other side; he will receive the same refusal from all on the plea of a previous engagement. They do not want him-they want the old lady with the baudboxes, her parrot, and all the extra luggage which entitles them to their extra charge. I have frequently met this dodge by sooh-poohin their rofessed engagement and seating myse f insde the cab; gut this succeeds only if one is among the very frst comers, ana, even then, one runs the risk of being ejected, as it is, of ,corse, possible that the cab may have been engaged either by signal from one of the c es, or by one of the porters at the request of a passenger. T anr Sir vonr nheAisnt sen-v,n& -A GREAT WESTEEN. July 26.
THE DAJL9.-SouTHAmTroN, July 28.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Sultan, Captain Cook, sailed this afternoon with the mais for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar, 24 first-class, and9 second-class passengers, 6,8S01. in specie for Cadiz, 6,570h for Lisbon-total, 13,4501 and an average cargo. The Royal mail steamer Tay, 6aptain Strutt, left this morning for St. Thomas's and will be employed in the transmision of the mails upon one of the intercolonial stations in the West Tndies. The M1agdalena, Captain Abbott, -with the next mails fiom the West Indies, Mlexico, and the Pacific, is due on the 1st inst. The Atrato, Captain WooDey, will leave on Saturday next with the West India, Mexican, and Pacific mails. The United States' mail steamship Arago, Captain Lines, sails from Havre and Southampton for Niewi York on Wednesday next with the German, French, ana Enghsh mails, passengers, and cargo. The American sloop-- yacht Sylvie, Captain Comstock, which left Southamptoni on the 4th nfit., arrived at Newv York on the Ilth inst., after enconntering severe weather, in which she had her main. hcomypartiaily carried away, and lost her bcowsprit, bobstay, &c- ln consequence of thnese misfortunes the Sylvie was obliged to accomplish a portion of the voyage under a reefed mainseail and staysail,
YH.4 LATE- FZT.Af, aOOl1 ACIDENT LV' GLAkOhG4NHIE PONTYPIDD), JV'Y 28.' 5)he gaAieinea 'inqucst upon-tho bodies of 'the'pirsons wvh Were"Icilled by the recent ditastrous colliery excloeion C'mumer Collierv,- Glamorganshire, commanceit this mormnig at Poityprl d. The iquiry natially acites'e interest from the large number of t4ose 'who vere Ilie; 14, and during the dcay the streots of the to were crowded by collers, not onlyfroin the mme in 01.!;tjion, but numerous othbes in the neiihbourhood. 2Thu inquest was held at the principal inn of the place, thq Butchers' Arm, by Mr. Overton, coroner of the district, The loca i ctor, Mr. T.' Evans, was Drcsent, with the 1ate inspector'ot the district, and Ar. Dickinson, an additional inspector, the two latter gentlemen, being sent down specially by the Hom e-office'e; In. consequence of there being no room in the inn sufficiently large to afford the necessary accommnodation, -a large shed was erected in the yard, a portion of which was divided off for the public, but notwithstanlding this precaution Large numbers of the colliers assembled round the outside of -the shed, and every available spot from which the proceedings could be heard or seen was speedily taken up. Mr. Huddleston, 'of the Oxford Circuit, attended on the pait of the owners and managers of the colliery; and Mr. J.G.Owen, of Newport, represented.the interests of the. surviving colliers and the friends of the deceased. The jury having been rd-sworn, The Coroner addressed them, detailing the main circumstances of the case, but, as all the facts will be given in evidence, it will be unnecessary here to give them in a narrtive form. The learhed gentleman informed the jury that, in consequence of tht .iportancO of the case, he had solicited the assistance of the Government, who were about to send down Mr. Poden, a legal gentleman, to watch the proceedingA and generally act in conjunction with the Government inspeceors. Having detailed the fonn of the proceedings, he stated that the present was the most disastrous calamity that had ever occurred in South Wales. On several previous occasions accidents had happened in the mining districts, by which large numbers of corners had been killed, but there had been no one casein which somuch life had been sacrificed by an exDlcsion as in this instance. He implored them not to listen toJany of the rumours which they had heard out of doors, reminding them that the investigation would be of the fullest and most searching character, and that all the evidence which could be brought to bear on the case, whether scientific or otherwise, would be laid before them. If they found that the present accident arose from the culpable carelessness of the persons in charge of the mine, or from neglect of the provisons of the act of Parliament for regulating collieries (18th and 19th Victoria, cap. 108), it would be their duty to return such a verdict as would be the means of putting the persons amenable on their trial. re could not help observing that many of the most important rules adopted for the safety of the men in other minmes had been altogether neglected in this, and it was perfectly clear that since that act had come into operation all the accidents of great importance in this district had occurred in collieries in which the rules were lax, or proper regard to ventilation had not been had. Mlr. James R. Insole the principal proprietor of the Cymner Collieries, was first caled, to prove the ownership of the work. He said,-The Cymmer Collieries are composed of two pits, named respectively the Old and New, and the explosion happened at the Old Pit, on the 15th of July. I produce the printed rules of the pit, which are in Welsh and English, and have had the usual letter from the Government approving them. Those rules have been duly published by my direction in the colliery. I take no part in the management of the mine, but, in compliance with the requisitions of the act of Parliament, I, as owner, directed the manager to give a copy of the rules to every collier employed in the mine. The persons responsible for the proper working of the mine are the offioers. Mr. Jabez Thomas is the general manager. The colliery agent up to February last was Mr. Edward Hay, and from that time to within a few dais of the accident Mr. David Gray was agent. He left X from iU health, and no person was appointed in his place. I expected he would return. The overman is Roland Rowlands, and there are three firemen in addition. Their names are William Thomas, David Jones, and Morgan Rowland. I am not aware of the names of the other appointments in the mine. I consider that Mr. Jabez Thomas is the responsible manager of the entire mine, and inthust the whole control to him, b having no communication with the other officers. I never curtailed or impeded the laying out of money for securing the safety of the men's lives, and was always most anxious to listen to the suggestions of any of the miners for that object. Examined by Mr. Owen, through the Coroner-In the year 1854 Mr. Jabez Thomas asked my concurrence in the discharge of two firemen whom he considered as incompetent, but did not wish to take the responsibility of discharging them on himself. Other men were appointed but the oolliers would not have them, end struck in consequence. These men are not now there; the colrers had no confidence in them. The men stood out for a very long time; the law was brought to bear upon them for riot, but they were not compelled to go in under the men appointed. I recollect receiving a communication upon the subject from Mr. Owen at the time. Mr. Owon proposed to put in a printed copy of the letter, the original having been lost ; but, it having been submitted to the coroner, he decided that, as the two men to whom it referred had been discharged shortly afterwards,it could not be read; but he would allow an application to be made when the evidence relating to the ventilation of the mine was submitted to him. Examination resumed.-I knowv that great responsibility rests upon the firemen employed, but I cannot detail their duties. By Mr. Huddleston.-I believe Mr. Jabez Thomas to be one of the best managers in the district. He has been employed 26 years by my father and myself in the management of collieries. He is not a partner. By Mr. Evans.-He is not a contractor. I have received no communication from the Government inspector of the district respecting the worklng of the mine. By Mr. Mackworth.-I am aware that a very disastrous explosion tookiplace at Middle Dufferin four years ago, but I do not recollect receiving a letter from you dated the 8th of July, 1852, pointing out the great loss of life that might be caused in my mine from want of proper ventilation, insufficient stoppings, and so forth, nor have I any recollection of receiving the printed report of the inspector relative to the causes of the explosson at Middle Bufferin Colliery. I cannot say what steps were taken afterthat explosion to prevent a similar explosion in my mine. I do not remember receiving a letter from you in 1854, pointing out the danger of an explosion at Cymmer Coliery, and suggesting the adoption of certain rules to avoid its occurrence. I sometimes visit Cyvmmer ColUiery, and occasionally look at the plans, but I have never seen any alterations on the plant pointing out improvements which might be made in the ventilation, nor do I remember seeing a separate sketch. I believe that in September, 1855, there wvas an explosion at Cymmer New Pit, and an inquest was held upon a person killed by firedamp. The verdict in that case was not officially communicated to me. It was not in the p it in which thin accident occurred. MAr Hay was then coal agent, but he communicated no noteS to me of what was said upon that occasion. There were printed rules in use in the colliery before the passing of the present act of Parliament, hut they may not have been so well distributed as the present. Mxr. Mac-worth proposed to ask the witness why it was that in the existing rules which had received the sanction of the Secretary of State those rules which had been sugested by him respecting the arrangement of the ventilation had been left out, but after considerable discnssiou, the Coroner decided to reject the course of examination to which the question pointed at present. The proceedings were then adjourned for a short period.
A HARD CAsE.-An application was made on Friday last to the Portsmouth magistrates by a seaman named James Kelly for relief under the followingcircumstances:-He stated he was a seaman onboard the Merlin, a trader lying at Liverpool about a month since. After doing duty on board and going ashore (with permission), he was apprehended by a quartermaster doing duty at Liverpool for the purpose of picking up deserters from the navy, who charged him with desertion from Her Majesty's ship Cesar at Gibraltar about six months antecedent, and that his name was Ezancis Williams. Kelly deniedthat such was his name, nor had he ever been on board of or seen Her Majesty's ship COesar. He was, however, taken before a magistrate, where he repeated his denial, but the quartermaster, and another with him, positively maintained he was the deserter Francis Williams; and the magistrates told the prisoner they had no power under those circumstances to release him upon the then aspect of the case. Kelly appealed to be taken on board the Merlin, where this captain would testify to his belonging to that ship, and no other. The magistrate thought this but right, and the man was taken on board the Merlin, when the captain stated Kelly ha4 been with him3 16 months, and that Her Majesty's ship Cesar had never been at Gibraltar. Kelly was, notwithstanding, handcuffed and taken to London by the quartermaster, and put on board the receiving ship Crocodile, off the Tower, whence ho was removed (handcurffed) to Portsmouth, and put on board Her Majesty's ship Victory, where he was kept in irons three weeks, waiting the arrival of Her Majesty's ship Cxsar from abroad. This ship arrived last Saturday week at Spithead, and after a delay of three days Kelly was taken on board that ship, when his statement was found to be correct in every respect) he was not eowan known on board ; he was, thereupon, told ne might " go on shore.' He then said " I am perfectly destitute; what am I to do? My chest was on board the Merlin, and I have here neither clothes nor a penny in the world, and am a total stranger here; my ship, too, has sailed with my things, worth to me 151." He was told they could do nothmg for him, and hewas put on shore. The Portsmouth bench on hearing the man's statement instructed the superintendent of police, Mr. W. Leggatt, to take him to the Port Admiral, there to state his case and ask for some relief for him. This was done, and the secretary, after communieating with the chief, and a consultation wit. Mr. Leggatt, ordered him to receive a pass from Portsm 2outh to London, and thence to Liverpool by railway, as well as furnishing him with 5s. sustenance money, osv him from absolute starvation. TEE LATE SIE R. H. INGLIS.-We lately announced that the Council of King's College, London, had- z3teived the sum of 500. to be applied as a memorial to Sir R. H. Inglis, " from one whose family lovedI him." We now understand that the Council have resolved uPonmaking use of this money, and of any other sums wich may be placed in their hands for a similar purpose, for the establishment of a prize or scholarship for the encouragement of the study of modern history and English literature. The value of the reward to be given, and the precise nature of it, must of coumse depend upon the amount of subscriptions which the Council may receive from other quarters. We know that many friends of the deceased baronet have been anxious to know the form which the Councilwould give to the propoed meniorial, and we believe the decision will give natch satisfaction. CYSTA PALCE.-ONE Snnma DAY, Mondeaay July 25&-Admis,aions on payment, 12,717; ditto by season tickets, 541 ; total visiters, 13,258.
SALES BY AUCTION. M ESSRS. E. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS be- m to nouify. that the FIVE DWELLING HOUSES (one a shopI .Noa. 6 to 10, Hing'o-roa4i, Rall's-pond-road, afrortised for Sale by Auction, on Thursday, July 31. are DISPOSED OF by Private Contsact.-T2. rogenorton-strees, July 25. lWithdrawal of the costly Diamond Nerkinco from the Sal; or t.e Effects at LIme-grove, Putney 1'IESSRS. WINSTANLEY beg to inform the public LIthat the7 have received instructions from the Truteiies to -'WITHDRAW tne valuable NECKLACE, Ear-rings, and St-s from the SALE of the EFFECTS of the late Sir John St. Aubyn. adverhtied to take place on Friday, August 1, at Putuey.-Paternoster-row, July H9. Iso. 7, Ladbroke-road, Bayawater, near Nottiag-billgate-Elionsre, Cottager's Stove. Velocipede. ho ER. TAPLIN will SELL by AUCTION, on the Mi Prem5ses, To-morrow, July 30, at 12 for I precisely, CHM2EY-GLASSES. tables,.coueb, chairs, c-rpets, bedsteads, feather beds, borsehair mattreas, shower bath, china, glass, and other effects. On view the day prior and morning of sale. Catalogues of the auctioneer, Stanley-place, Paddington-esn. 27, WVellington-rquare, King's-road, Chelsea,-Rousehold FurnIture and Effects. I thePBRrY, Jun., wilL SELL , on the Premise; as 1ees lceCTh-rsd, on Th ur y Jly 31, at 1 i, modern HOUSEHOeD the1NITUE conUprHsTng chimney-glasses, gir4ndole, mahogany pTembrker loo, and dining tables, china and elass carpets, rags, fendes and ire imens, mahoganY and iaPnnned bedsteads, bedsiana bedding cheest of drawers, washetands and the usual assemblage of householt effecte. May be viewed and catalogues had on nhe premises; and of *he auctioneer. 16, Btinge-roadd Bedford-row . M[B. ALFltED D AY has3 received instructions from the preSrietOr to SEL3EL by AUCTIO,a, on the Preues, 2, Feerlera-place] City-road, onld rsdayt tr Jult y Tit- at, Jithout arsve the STOCK i~ n TUAPHofLSrTEE. Hmnemondg a-h-osmrmet,ren, and other bedstearo, Wbrary bookcases, ofllce desks, and woabstands, chair fromes, couches, and ditto fr3mes, extending deinin cobgemn nests 3ofdraeros, couenter, shlvng, chdests bof t-s andra , evea sets of hair, din cion and embrpkoeftabl,es p abttessesf contices, fenders, . cales, canni3ters and effects. 2M5ay be vvewed until the ooand catalogues bad on the psemsies; and of the auctioneer, City-t1r., City-r.tez. h'o. i43, Alder6gate-trenti-To the Boot, M Lhoes and t 3r thevq MR. . ELGOE-OD ,will SELL by ADAYTaON, at [ inorr s, at123, thederogae-eet t To-moTRrow, Julyz se0. rat l Are STC l inTRADE ofMr.zT.sHammond, oboe maonufactue r, of Teswuley-street, WValw orth, and other consignments * comprising 6,S00 alng o -womn?s and childrenM's boots and boes, a few lots of e,than aud crep and l ip offal, kip butts boot fronts, barils, s, a cuperivededrlod iron safe, 5fts by 3t i. 6.rwith Hobbs'u atentalocks, aud etber etaects, Mlay be viewed the das previo s a nd mopt o sale, and catalogues had of the auctioneer. 14es Aldersgate-.treet. Tbe copitat Furnituwe a,nd Efects of Jamees Roberteos, Esq., eceases, 6, BenltlaklC-etreet, ManrhesterViqUare MR. ELGOOD will SELL, TwIS DAY abd To-. MoYe bookc, at he the excellent PIBNITIJrE, indcudoug several norern bo,v s Jul waryobe and other cabinet aT-titles,h mahoWny. C.oivery superier zanufoeture, the usual chamber appendages and drawing rom entes chImney-glasses, an S-feet winged cabinet, Elizabethan and itduraing ecaics. pier toblesf bednsp. and oramentg s a carved pedestal sideboard, sets oi chase ins mor. co, dining tablee, co. valuable bracketw cocks, 40 vols. oi books, prints piate and plated articdes, mison, iund l a s bts and pedestaisw hail table. chairs, m. Cataslogueshf ui tr. Elgoad, °, Wiapele-street, Jnder a Disiraint for Rent, &y -Chyusat' Drurgists' and Srecous' o ttings, modern Hlf-ousehold Surnitere, C hrpets , Giem do. MR. WI.TRY A. MORTON Dwill SELL by AU tC- Tomor-ow° *uayt30hisRos & Frncs-ocret,TotrtsnhmeE Dourtrosd JulyMet 30. Ficat Au5,CH aIt'2sy ietino LABLLD eAExEtos canisters, eass cses, bottles, ehow jars, &o . Dr. Pott's edumtiort l couch, furituse and effectsL cusisting of bedsteads and bedding, chests of drawers, washtanads anadreog tables, loo, card, and occatiorsat tb les, adawtsgoom suits mi walnut, chimne,o Pier and toilet Laes, and numerous miseoisneous items. May be viewhed the poy prior and motnig of soale, Catalogues had ot the auctioneer, as above, and Morsc-ealleym Wifson-streetxhrSt. g eonr, bhoreditch, aiddlesex, MB.W. T. ATWOOD <will SIL~L by AUOTION, at the of rt, en Friday, Aug. 3s, at 2, by direction of the Etecutors 3.4£,6. and 6. Foreman'sbushmings, Hiome-shoe-alley, St. Lconard'sr ahreaitol f bou £thISO ar ahnUnuam.0TUhne abovhe property is nowleed to uly. Foremanu fer aterm expiring 25th December.lS862, at a ground rene od s25 per amue Mtay be viewred by application to the inats, and pawtienlars had of Messrs. Gregson and Soo, S, Angei,court, city at the Mairt, or of Mr.W. T. Atwood, auctioneer and land 2gent, 5firtlake. Surrey. A Serfice of cauital ShefEeld Plate, SilverItems costlyDiamond Oma- ment, val e English Watches, Clocks, and Miscellanies-on View. ESSRS. DEBENHAM, STOB,B, and SON will M ER S.at theltooms, Ei , steek Covent-gardenTHS S DAY, July 19, at 11. a PAIR of cbssce BPILLIAXT EAIt-RISGS, beAiuti7s ulb eleta, ringS pins and ahirt studs, gold and t-iver -watches by the leading Iondon, Paris, end Geneva makers, Ooo s, silver plate, a service of Sherfield plate in -on, meat, soni'let, and corner dishes and covers, an elegantly designed plateau, salvers, soup and sauce tureens epergues, teauns, wins coolers, liqueur, cruet, andeoy frames, tea and coffee ulages, caudlesticks, spoons and forks, table cutlery with e~sib hmandes, and other valuables. awton and Clerkenwell.-To Small Capitalists and Building Societies. 'jESSRS. BROOKS and BEAL are instructed to TLLSELL, by AUCTION, at Gerraway's, en Thursday, Auguist 7, at 32, the following lcun g OLDS in lots, viz. -. Brunswickparade, Barsbury, Is ington; also, a ver desirable Hlouse and Promises, with workshops at the rear, situate No. 5, Corporation-lrne, Clerkenwell; and a very desirable corner Shop and Premises, with coaclh hoiste and stabling at the rear situate No. 7, Cororaton-row Clerkeonsvel lec t. to ot-bl te; ts .at ,a renat of--"Per annrum, Xdarbe vievred byPermissIon Of the teuuts, and Particulars andocanditlons of sale had of 1r. Francis Reeve Jones, solicitor. SS, Weir Bridge-street, Blackfsisrs; and ofthe auctioneers, 305,Piccdily. Hfow on View.-Valemble Maroles. Brooaes 'Moraics, Chimnes-pleces Scagilola Pedestals and Candelabra, a Stained-clara 'Window, &a., being the Final Portion ot the vatuable Stoect of Meosre Browne and Co University-street. 1,j]lSSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS beg to LvaI. annouCe,that the SALE of the FINAL PORTIONi of tho 'saobbo SOCKof oMesss. Browneo and Co. will take place To-mrtrrow, July 30. and two following Says, at the Gailerios, Unilver. elty-street. and vill include vases, otatues, and groups, in rarble and stone, adapted for gardens and pleasure grounds, two noble marble baths (from Venice), a quantity of Italian p)aving tiles of moaical and other designs, many very beautiful statuary nd rich coloured marble eblminey-pieces, designed-with grunt taste, and ecuIpinred by first-rote artist including two of su~perb character,fboo specimens of scagliola In peestals, candelabra brackets and oroaments; also ak variety of objects of taste and utility; -being the lot prtion of tis well-kou wn ancltastefuiy ^elected ausemblage, Calogutes may now be had on tereises; and at the offices of Messrs.Rushworth and Jarvia, &svi-ow, Recent-tre, Cand 19.ChCangealley. sCle andi,i Thin- Day.-Re Hil, tlcac.B rer of the Trustee.-1Feebold Hourestad the Ea Bapretdt Cbands Pld Houses at Hxunolo. TWIR. EDW1X,FOX is instructed to SELL by A.UC- aTIM, at the Casle inn. ,entfreld, THIS DAY, July 29 at 4 for 5, In lots, valuable FEEHOLD PEOpE'RTy, at Bretfortde, cas t, o letg toeaer eoiate residences, with appropriate comre-o r t he de ares oeetae.le tenant. and the other ready for sicameiae tcGeoparsY ; thrn 'rickbuI dlcottages, et at weeldyrents, arnd thhe <iftne izncderet of a. ulyage 60 Golear-nr othe Cowu ih with fossPOlicies upon ber life in the Globe Office; the Baptstb (sapel. sitnate to the market-place, a oenieniatluildtings capable of accomemodating 200 PeOPslo ; alto two bstick brunt Cot-sho-ld --itg In the highL road Hounslow:the sowhole of thoevalueaof0 aoViny eitmr annum.vit aayoe viewedarid particularsbad of Mr. W. Jacobs,Jsoccitor srNeTrland-squaro. Notting-hill;I at the place of rile, and at y,r. ES9 ox'zo fficc_, 41, Coleman-street, Back. FreeholdFamilyResidence,withOffice, beuifleaure' Grounds.sand Land, at Gotder's-green. Hendon, Illddlesox, M ~ESSRS. HERRING and SON wBi~ SELL-b AUCTION, Atthe Mart, en Thureday, -July:11, at2l bgey, - ulman aetable offer is reiously made., 5. valuable pdeost doy, wialaF EEIOLD ESTATE, land-tax redeemed and meete dor-%nateo,comprising an exceellet family resideneu ad lh os - persactlirdetached,with stabbing, offics,bA nio acmctrl ,,gon orchard, andpaddock-,'altogte ta,adePl'. 5zithnno~tlm r0flnxnritat'growtb,delgtol ars rtmno ireeu, little more than a tolla from wete iaotizmies srmontocity,gsdeoy accmsible-fromnb edsteow.The - estate hs an excellent frontage to Goldr'-ee,naeyexoioL tfaao apgriah seed leading ito tno Finebe e-ed hc ral -' g~anesitvah fr buldig prposs-tus rdeenngsrgelas matfor SALE by-publioAUCTION, at Grm;svay'z,TffSA *FARMb, p7cevantly tituate onvt te Green, near tba siata& of Everaley,' Blatkwter,;Comprisinga Comfortable dweliie.bou-e, wltout-offin,ss 'an"`farm-b SdI g._yarcte_ and zardens, anda elselosures of cap1wa.. bamble, pasgture, sand. rich meadow land, all approached by X900 76i_s,lsI zan' hounded by lbs riverIlladkwater. This elfgible pruPrasy is in the 'Iclnity of Sasidhurat aLnd Woirl':mnb--, asdtiq witlk,- ahortdlstauoe< salewiu thort 0l~-~ end mybe haat' the usnual inns einlle neighcarbods 01Sfr5~. Shais, Hrriso , an Sharp. soilititors, Ssutams* ~sf'Mesrs.Teerer ad Eys, olicitors, 1. John-street, ~cd-Ow at arraay'; ad a fdrLeichid'slaiid and timber offces 6. Martbistret.onoua whreapis.theests.tem;y.be Afirst-class Freeniold Landed Investment,on the borders-of at, LEIFCHI D is nsructed thby nreo mport-,t ani valuable FREEHOLD) PROPER.Ty, desirablh,tae baramilway station contiteguous&)the dr3t-raemrei fCihse i dPo -tnoutb, on use high road between these two toswns, and abnt wtasageand coveie t ofcs,enitrance eanr e an krenso lan tPin adocArds ca oolfrnhitomeste al,well asanced o tithal thezo wilnl shorolyve iBedt sand meaeybeha acre ofenusuallprmductil boerbls pat Sure,and.o gra ortsmaouthand the field are larg,and soreto!£142 Thea Hendri hodI lease,oflctomgrSottthamptornth oife Messrs. D viso and lRvadbury, solicitors, 18. 13asioghal-street; At Gasrway's Ln . r elfchld'st land andtimber osil'es 6a Moorgaesre,city. ashero cards to view may be obtained. ness Eeubrokeshlr, nea~r.NartierthandTenby.-Foura cital dreelaes MR. LEIFOHILD is inatructed by the Proprietor to SELTLbyAUCTION. at the lion HoteL, Tenby. on iVednesday Auesst 6 at1for-2. insve lots, the folowing valuable and iraporisnt IlEEHOLD E.STATFS, viz., Mlerryorogh, a Capital farm ofnear 400 acres, with dwelling-house, out-buildings, yard. and garden, closeeto tbehigh road, andlabout fourcitilesfrovathe first-rate miset town-of Haverfordwest 1 t is now occopled by -Mr. Pbilpoe and othTrs, at the annual rent, oi £IfA filewtou Faerm, in the parish of St. lssolls, on the road from Narberth to Tesby, a desirble occuipation, with dwelling-bouse, farm-buildings, and 92 acres of arableand Pasture tend; held by Mr. James Griffiths, at £96 per annum, Browns Tenement, adjoining Newton Yarn. is a smnall' holding, wvith2 cottares and buildings, and1 notaces ot smobte and pasture land. let to Mr. Goorge Watkins. at £10 5s. era annum. Tuck-inz-mill and lands, about three acres, let to James Hiteltings, at £-5 Is. kilvelgy Farm. adjoining Be- guell anda KIngnor an desirbleioccupatn, witabl dwellng-hous,ot M.hi Buildins,Hnd 06 crs ofstaublead pasture Pardprelebyor. sale, wth pELan of AUThefrI osbeha at the Whit en Arms Hotel,Ipwc,o Wednbesday MArlfiners Hotel.or parerfodet ion Hi otel. thoe uibrlot atd sheplrace. of sale;Hof LD ESAiTtS, near t, soilitorlI Lanketer-w ofd Meors. oWoDavidgon and trahurony, slctors, and rawysteal-tionet and mrathane W .ler,tld ge tendanwimhberoutUcres,ZMofsratotis.Tee Peas-tree Faorm,ou Ot ney rn,ttefe, containing arsanletoM about Todd. Tocres nArlso.ThrovalublandW tfbarige,sandlyeuabTitRentCarieges. (IR- LEIFOHILD) is instructed by the Proprietor t ML t SELL by AUCTION. at the White HomeHotely. Iuwust on a Wedo 1 nesday Augut , a t 1mfortn 2FREcEseLy,i ESiTAlot, thoshe a'bl and Wnimortng REOD~AE, near the capital market townio u )eea,wr1 wpawico Theyicatompis Suttonn a err Farmc. I containg a1 facres,held bythr oathan Wlugalkrndetewt about22 nlosofLJf acreslo salnds pThre Th Woodbl Fardm,oatly,pontainiCnger3iacrs Occupiedrby Mr. Charles Todd.Also Thre valablerent Chresti. iuofTte,arsn u R. . CoLd,IFeeH.aD ir. MaibnstFulleb decithve paIrticularsan couglit6s of 51e o , with plns lof, thme farmsilsoty heaisuedban may -owa Catnn-trepaeto wsale ofic hav. Moultn,utoer od bidge tof Monessrs andrides mand Brmtheysoitr,Sot-uae Gritat'sionn,o ohnv vr Orfrd rinn..gFandslclr,Ia ada r areifoittd ib wantan timery coiffces 62, oorgaenore, odn arofourk.toreshirabl Frehod wnarm, nuearo EsotDesea yn andR cou EiFg-ouHIL isinatr, isth daytal Poritrt aL t SeLLr rom ACionr. atrongrras,wayt.onMndy ugs 1,a ininEPaTcoTeced ith thebov.pariscap of Aendinemary thuebapita wnhiet townst of Eas eres ,wihral dwaylc-omunicawtio txoellenn adNorwic.I acomrssafamhue witehout-suildlcgs, and stount 2nlroeoms of usefu ml n atr land conaInig toethe lIa,r. 17i. th is nrowu cupe b r Jmest Dhesildast-thedanulrenteh of 27long I isend-a rdemd ishsuboectetora smll mde in lie Jofno tihe.dn thei prcilrhre thse bverymoeate,i Natiulr Cando conditiows of sale,wtaplno thedfr,wilsotybisudan may bo hadrl atttheedprincipal innsnui in morwchnt. eynn,andEaset ofte fhirs t Graa~:o ess Cheatliadvandaes Hart Weulintto he16 Acetnftra es ada d. thl' latcuasand an cibrondicens, 6o, Mogate-sthotrcty had valubl Gand me f Mm impotan dComercalnrpry o ann Nforgte-trek her cads o irew west.e byOH pUblic D AU viON. SEtLGarrAwa TO inO tew Cannon-street west1,rwicoave bee Threcenty,uut7 coa;t12 in the roundest woand bestemanner:the apsss greatn advantaes, in sitation,have f vher srknga ade atrativi eevtion, cro , and eumefoursois high edesa, t, and cnaitumrussits ofgfist rate Oce and acoutinghose(0,i l wiogothocapitalet sitaicsead.ih accessto every roilam foredne strongirooms w tst-cowets gr.uAlso,ad itjyldrmay hourchySardn, which conisth psogfarsecalfml ieln-hosse, wihexcelentDowiol SEcommodAUooCTpaION, weOustes o remices, n conng Throoms onuhefist, seon. a nd2or thir fLoors, and capia shexpie antellrs ofnin theground mdoorandthe b ase ment Thee let-naedpemSIEsbaE, loe1eei thea -occupaetIon o ofthe propiehtor, VILLA, T. Jonan n herrntlvl,wt pi~ked,ma btaiigtrly reestmted 3at 1,0 pere bedum Theis entiseeate is heldi ofromites aerers Outbilpns. ens be, forwe 61 yeards fomly Sept. Particatlar groud renth ofuct60nper, annum Tboghank,public company ore Georgtie,o establishmenth ofithe stbint cls thesen,prome doiner grea adantges,asellin teirelentralusituto a nte ns MAteto u pace thneys onccupy.ammeiae Ofe PosessionJ maye, bhe haluParticulArs anjd cnditsusn of sale wilsovetley besissuled anmyBeI HOU at GandaWay' ofV sr.As_ enadBahry oiios Mooretoetrut, hen,cars,t viewasaty beiotuained.H,,p,dh Alhared,ReetO the IntendedtrmiFoniure PiahONoorte, bynSoinediat dar, Boks Wies,andEffCtsde.-tw,adii Railon The Prmies 21.un Alpha-roadt1i onthufley, Augutelv 7,at 12 formIted capi talcntna F rBoI h comfPracsin dinin esandisdrawtingraom bed chuamber furantaeure pofithen ufua decriptnion, clar ofirwines, ande numeprou6s aehets fon vie Wednesdaym, ath,lo aend. cataloges haewda adarilahaofthe auctioneer'sofies 0, Thobotn-te,city-ln. To Eewerts Pubk.icau ansdee standinge idnIt owArmusds Cok-ach- housea, Stating,9 o., witha possessoundet AiR. JOUND WBU SELL wiY AELLIbyAUCTION, ML onmt the Premies,Pia on Thrsdy, Auustteda PULC12 for, the LEaSE.l foruane unxpre thcoerm Of ninPelytears, alarmodeate rn tal ho arkcntin-rthbeerecetio and seven=dv bedwe roams crmponservator an K srand. hle,a outbildngs.v layd be ulu viwdbtcrdsnl, anihd pariclarsme g hadno thenautio neer,ig hrbsourhoa-neew cority s . phele teoPrge, se onfHpte-hisl wipeth a stbngand gardaen nown doing ~~~~~~an excellent tae a rmssaesbtn-ll business. "o diou. andgoat(ness erond acceptable for bhe previousl made,)o theal-e able LEASE aMdy bse viewdondprivi a of the aboeveydsial FBI oPpoitel Becondz-hand a easyite distace ram, w Cada-towle ndouin- tU of PJnti to the li~ntended termiutiofu theuNrt London; ThesopL enidear'sCu t nd the umert us usm efullet: extensie bild tgoeatn theirpRoomes, 3 hi3 , fwi-the the near hbournheond,aread Flianxed an athe contin-ualcroadrlly, plaes cpthlisodesmbtshent- aina ibas uSuaLy advantaeos.n pasito for comandingfevr afist-atspentrde, sthe premirsebsaehl furs looe term, at a,lo seat. tgay bes viewed, ctand,partidcuarsiadofthe auctioneEder.60 Cancery-lanes. c,Aba TouBrPowestanohe Puiateo d and d beddingh wadroelArs, Prark- wlk, st he',glscs,t, held , gol2 yars, tw alalaw groundlent.rlgo b NokandR LOstle wialls SeLLntby AUCTIOg nd sporti y inc bilAders cat, the abmeovecapital anewly-rected tal BLtC _,cM a bendingey sinThuateat the corzner of Chapl-teet,n Para-wales neardt theg SLa-i-ho-lln, Etand abot midwo, ayvetween the, an Broinpen-u pnrons-o d, chlsa, an etensive ndpo mulous ditrc, yhchi plertad the purcasrt of thisproerty mAygs3 safely acut uonde doingh dius_nd possessirabld ouLicia for the er cton oftwog or three house with shops Ma41iee, and pa xor-od,Lwrrtioad hadigof th auctionseshvber.6, nhrieg-terors. dw nbn, stratd I barrelpe tans,mby c hookman hesldfo Richardm ofshn Tpackle, aguao ttey lof Panigsoand rent. rAvings ay breauoftifu Chrchrie ell, thefrom Sebang oewly arectede' Houkr and numerousan usfu and Auordsena Misella nies.H ves .e s AY at their tooms, 1;3 Oxfordstreet ard1 thelPangthon, onst FUReiU kE;nrcd iomprising drwn romdnigro, and 4 pe ~IrgtekClebar for'as, stas, couchst n easyly chaver s, itabeo fevrid a splR-4Hghaendbidt suit ofcurain fro th Grat xhrivteon chimeneyclses, graind ofour-paost, and oether bedhteadesudeding werdrotes, adrawers,be ain stanc;e,tglasses, in thina glass, twPodvauabe doublerbarrueldgns byr aoc ainePed Wetleyrmoupardls,aofn90yeas of fish rifing an rsoutng tants. a beautloulychrc belt,iij fSo John'isopl enurav,Ing and batighssr. bulehols cart,lan numerousc,it useful Goud and oraena oiselais Ba Long Leonasehods s ithuet t rIssintn,avrtchi, and Hollosay producigvaoretay ofs604 pe afnuy Ij1ESSRS.COXENEAM WMl SELL byA'UCTION AJat theMwart, on Wedneday. August1at 12 , yodro h HOL BSA=~cosisingofaSHL sueSirT'atE1, consisting oFREEo havingw t th andr- 42, Oxford-rod,Loer-aroaid,nIslinst the ig Thousesidbneent grecently fiihed afreoshad utao'-19 estimatew mntoet. 00feret, peannumeacditionute.thefafvrntaer Ofup53 fee' by a dptrs, extelverylt ground frent.heob orderio of th prpretm,thafl Weligtn-od,Holoay 23,an 4 ppr ~rebn. ctretlo-n MR. T. DANN has received instructsons to SELL 1 by AUCTION, aS the Mrart, To-morrow J at 1, by direction of the owner, leaving the neighbourhord neat Jl OppAt (9 EXSIDENCE, with bay windows, standing in its own grounds, and on the rise of the hill at UIpton, overlooking the arks and plear sunnds of Bletdon uHSl and Danson. as, a detached Cotapf ilt PRrtlY in thoMioZfbethan syle, with an acre of very produtve plantation ground, a short removo from the high Dover,,o-, adva1nable piece of Plantation Ground, coataining about an acre, plangad with choice fruit treez in full bearing; a roomy D)wclUlg.hou. and Four Cottages adjoiniag, situatenaPr the churc, and in the midst of an excellenteneighbourhood, an omnibus passing near the whole of the property four timnes a-dy to the Abbeywood st3tion, North Kent inoe Maybe Tiewed one week previous to the sae' particulars had f C' Colyer, solidtor, 13, Clement's-lane, citY; at tfe Mart: atthe prin, sisal inns in the nelghbourhood; and of the auctioneer. Bexiley An extremely compact and welli-cultivated Estate, Tithe Rout-charme and Manors, with the pictnresque Ruins of Wlingfeld Castle. replets with historical and a tiqunaian interest and situate in Suffolk at - short distP co from the ralway and market towns of Harleston, e, and Disa.' slss-e r[OWLETT and LENNY ate hondured with inLI. stractiona from lord Berners to Pubmit to Public AUCION as th KtsgsHcadnn.gss, on Friday, Auguct4 at 3h iu he afernoon,o }[in ota touittIhe eDonveuleno of pursesemrs, the above-mone' '.loned distinguisheod MANORI ESTATE, consisting of the Wing.deld Castle, Winglel Hall,and Farrow's Farnm, contaning altogether 66acres of oe doeep EOI rable and highly produot!Te pastureland,With a dn e TPortlon o! orcimens plantationc fnd wos With the nerisclpaliot5~II be incladeet the valuable maanos of Vingfleld' !~arie nd WngSld rumbalds, which, with the farmn resdenees,. builing. an lad. aem-the fair;-esthniated wannu value f I nerly£1,00. hIs roprtyf in pattithe free andl (except astor ace)entrl freodand hand-taxz redeemed Alae t ehe etire Tihsoh Pgfislh,-extens5-, to abouse 2;150 scree,.nd- S?AAmue nto a propriate etcag f£00pranm a' Devon.sbire.-On: a-ztmouor Forest, An exceln eIec,wt ;complete ThI5ti-5Dng,ms nb etatytree n son wisI -slatte,,and 323 cres-ofGraresLand,witba.rlht of Trou%_Slaio ing ~the River Dait,-in the jibrish of.Lydford, altbin uthree mile, ot-prm,, Town, 44ne of Tavi3tock. 17 from 25tusosutb Vhtwee - cAh tw,; iLstructions to SEL yACI~a h at HSDY iul 29, at 12. In one loIawyemat~TTS nw s~le HEs1, situate on DartnorFrt.InheathofIed-lasihlre. weU inapted foratckaran sudn vrgnleay 'rendenes, built, in stonanslt,cbnngeey quie,svnienee, with tesicullyli-oplaaeronsndwld-jktlib geeden, calniset eompleeamoets rce ytepeetpo prletOr, resvardlo-s of cost, and' of'. aiplrove rnIls itd.S 'withi steam ergine and the necoessary mahnr.uiir tae five labourer' cottages and upeterdsk of 7arsofPtrean sloping to the river Dart,which runs throughteett,adI hc three is excellent trout fiEhing. This propryi iut naga EspareniagdLstriet. within easy distance of thoesatfxhud n Couriers Pstelr n odiin fsl,wt tihgahe icpns.e maybeobtind o Mssr. andel an SO Shan.esolcisToes:e of. Weers. ardng frondth Tusnidife,erinhil PmareSnto Drayto, SytAep. ThIre at the 5Auctio THaSt And oTMesdays. Jlya29, and S2ansl~, 25n 32nz Fu.-mprtat; Freehold_Estlatscoeo the morGart(lde ton, Rear dhenefand, wiithine auneaydistne fofmn tery etaignibnlte estaernf Conties 70 Railway.Lo,TeomatIar,kor sKilg wthO a the iart. utHdS no DA f,Tusda) July 29. aith1 othlelr In jaoinn lurnd,s comprfoidg together mvenr o00 Ctildt Hall Brran's, sad Alebb's Farms.. btAPlc with Seecalnvenientfae reddeuces and souitabe otbioladin. tormingr aot very e crbe& estat of Taboc's or Rochell's Farm, with buildings and about 40 acres of land. Lot 5. The EAgle Inn a~nd Premises, and two enclosures of valuable land, Lt 6. Two Residences, velth gardens, adjoining the FagleIna. Lot7. The Lee Farm, cozaprin.rfarm hou-e, homestead,aend over 100 Cres0ofland. LOt &,A valu1b5abl diel of Accommnodation, Laud, close, to the town of Chehasford and frm,sting the road to RoxwelL The abovep)roperty, which iss5ituatelunthe - arishes of Chelcisford, Widford, Writtle. Ingatestoae, suid Magaetting, midway between t-he Chelmsaford and Isgateatone Stations, occu- oie aareautod upward of 1,hampacrs, zpraeatoduces trena of abeounty E13 S eRSanum 3AnDoers anmee eliNbl arpetuimtyfruthea intmento eiAMMoNth acqieet ofha firto ust-ate lAnd = esat. Par-12 tlaas ihlth"ahcpAs myh bando Mes tooer Bairchn Ingtae VaneWhatcelyo. Soiritorhn 6t0u, Lin cern'ainScauses of Msrs Nicholson an. Ellka on, solicitors, 1, Lperorn'-FRE fEHLDa ofTA.Th well kntwn Es, MmLoe ouse,ara afitteld insr;a the paiho M4ar;an of esrs. Bof sapele and monst 2 producsm-trveet.ab aondon strelad F.ssex.-Avn ld-sable hehld Innt, wiecmalecthBrewery,wt the Manre orrptdMnrof Ohasoioas situate in the centre of the conouBUrca,ad ihnt of miessex teBrnwod.tin iM,ESSRS. BEADEL andl SONS have itrectedv( to iJsELtins by AUCLLN at the I atshelart, on Tuesday, Ags .a 2 Auus on 5o, ay orde ofoc the HigheCsurt ofChnery, and owit the apphe Crtown CofmterViceCalInc taellrSrJhtat in thcetr ftertown oBieusesaof Alic heolson andoc Hndothers, arntn supero FRLkteet,OLD ETATEn. cellm nown AChomoampions Larm, situaedIntldonn the paiho towshn. Therris.vcoprisingy a coneienty fresiodec, aemal hometeio, andy aboutel onal4reong leae,tapdxll eandoffered fctiasv entiretyd paiand,I ots slyg naftrinwence.foandoteaadt P,-uaMw.iThomas diainxofrom emicayl mao,bt1ine, ofo 20Hears. bat, £000, seriannum, ubWerctatodeductio ofe M5aprt arm ofMsrs,a thefirs four years, towaGrdshdamstngethelad alsotheValubor orreputed msanoro h odr of Champions withalu rgt nd priv ilegs.o h Partiular aond conditIonsrof t.lo wthrmituhogteep plans, chestirstreet;irohns JohBELLon, AUCTInOiN'a.nfe at the Mart ; nTedy a ndoMesrs., Bcdl nonsisigo, e wellteg-bnte, 2,Gehom-esteet,an sae.-Op. ofd-eepstablsed arab, with cpacturewery,. abutnd sex aches ofr roud, sttein the centree of tehem town ofd Beleriap adWilthin welstutM o ES S.dbEr~Care,L uy and SONSuhave mrkee.Ive is a- prsenntheoccptionst S oL by ACTiONkatl thoe Meant,co expiesday, McAugust nexat, 12d po'loth extnsive hz pon3tS cnowpein as the Crown. Commrcials ann, situateionstecnr or thea twayn ofbtined eoy with cowyuast breweary. oande of Mestas.a Beade-hnduSons, gr2a5, Gro, hal-stheeCahadtre,frnigte.sktre,adTae n Seelosures of AccommodatiPonet Lofd thae North aodjoininh toiwn. The raboetproperty iSchEfLLy AUeehold, at mallportion ony eig eda onAu 19 lon leas, and4 wllts beofereda vstasuanl enOTirty and IfnEotso sold aLNrwGd Lin. furalotin. Patieculrs,wih-ond,intionars of sae,ma iD he obtaineduof-Henry ha, Elose slitoter. Lillwiay, staseo; at tiheu Smaet and of e srs. BroudRents and Sos,v. 2 d Geshrab-lreShp,wth e F.ss:o,ValableFrehol Estte te brderstor siuffolk within slionmilsqofate, basorouThetw ofl ofhy the Lteraryindsfh Scetotrvalley Railway.e ad Bths M%ESSRS. BEALDEL and SON S have receiveadn iV,Istructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart on Tuesday-, August 5, at 12,- in one lot, StheULEASEoth FRIXaSaLeable Dandseon- deepe s%uoiTwaplUeAmbleand pStme-LInd, abuttinonthe hard roAd,S.inthae paishe Abof-suBe,am Dta n Blb alstnhspoetyiherd wel slease for 81ya fuhrym Clare.lBusy , an aritre markents It is Lreenigb thoexValuabl oFc m,s CihiDwall. w -hose senac onexpires t tHoaneposessiond canou he hadre pof copltinfh purchse,PrtimEArsaDL condion SofN sale may e otined ofMessru. Oierons at4s,Land PAUCTION sotctors.8t, Fr Tesdeikspace,u OldJeey at12 thre ot Mat;and o MeSrs Beae and Sthonse, 25,ores- ham-street.nestent M ESEE S. BEADEL and SONS have received in- siructions to SELL by AUCTION. at the Mart, on Toezday' HAugust19, aith1,in 4v lots,o nueoustvaluable PLoTS of FRomEyand 1 BUIDIN LAD.fratin th Curc-rod.in the parish ofA Sc. John Hakne. Alo 1 Ioa ofhigly esirbleBuidin IaDmpfrosntg aglbsSt Pal'srod. nd loe t th rilwy saton at pastburo. nek-lae PGreaTT badophstret GrnuneathtCleg-treet, Frne-f obtaied COfPMEssrs. Tar AinE and Mrlayke, solericios,dt G tlake yard; a6t the raybound Mart; aihmnd. on Messrs.sBaadetandSons,u2y Rlichondsur, Surey.-imost-ant Lease of thlabe Literaryoad Sciestale PGOTisnstitutetad bath teMot,ge st-drDowetionsWe to SELL by AUCTION, at the Gat,onresdonay and BAThSon. To-mstooin A Julynequ th, DaltIfor. Tis property ishEl obtntlease foD8W ears, from ShelmS, 10t0. atps axrentiv ofo£0cpe annum,r' andP codmprsoenmises, usedttg as theLtearyhad Scidentifi institue, Presbtytweria bCtpel tgheu Dalaa frleehiate School,eandtpubli rand opprivteubaths the whoete poucigatm of abtl o fseu oute f1,13 per anum andGOeaTabll ofgEat dvLopmen A CIn Na the ndofn eteGrprisng nd eneRgeichmtyord o-morrwny,l Paticuar may befr hobtaiedit ofchMeons.Ma and bweetland. slic itorse14 garea en-sqyre Picturesbry at, vaithe Auon Maret; andor Messru.pt ade and Sonrws,. 25,dCesbamstretret. HSDY uy2 t-2olc,FR LeIgh, n RP C co-,-aual Fam with o b)edsteas gdhedding cneniets otdaes Hadobmestad,tad and abu d0aressn ofbles,nd, soo and ardtcuclen taiets,ELL desalCTOsiteboar,d at, =bluesdayAung. ro9m &atir, an theealts,ll the veLdN ivory FARe, h wMithous, hlocsstad,and about 0 apres ofstnd,xeosituatelwthineaoquiters ofaymie of the town dand Prort ofd ctlegh,intes ocuatoaodr.Tr od aoltb a Sren of £100uper annum Draings boy meolder Cottage,o srituat on naditgh-ofmhic and heldb Hurnenryt Cano,e pucatsearlyrnto GEpeOanu . aRtBINaSancONdiios ofx SALe mayh otainedo Mr. Edwoardbi Weodwar2l, sOlctr Bond-street, onex at theda Aucution M,rIt andis07 anf Mels include andciSons, 25. tehanu-ede;eet,London aro.t 10 aloog od I onswo,-is-ls eshl Axmfield Cr Investmnt. Pte Brmetycin to SELLu byAUTon,s atlsMrot,nesdy as rookeld Vila adbeing No. 0, Marlorogh-red,St.uJon't wod;hedba e trmof7 years, from.A NibbselasV14,ctk epper cornrentanatpeetlto a respea OCtabenennt Wllat hernto Ford Lubouniewe,w daynd Viekrm, so ltorus, C ot-sur, rys Galethaislr.e eksiet.Lno.Th ghmEsae tee Ipig ofd Salibury. iT SLLby UCIO, a Sutampon ALLte mNt bof uut, a ey eiabeESAE-kon sGov-lae-urlug-oprsn CommercilSalUe Rooms, 44,Farringdon-stresl, one dofrom Holborn, -Absolute Sale. WjrSSRS. GREEN and, SON wvill SELiL by AIYC.L.TION, at their .Roomsi, as above, To-morrow, July 3ok- at 1.2 feel, genuidne (.RoCERY.nd other STOCIK, including teas. coffees, sugar, 50 casks of linest 0-orgona, anchovies, 2.O001bs. packet blackiead, uineae.olraandothe ols,nacanounesanchildren'slaats,ribabons l0cvt.newslege ammrs,stel qolt, d,;als coenters, nests ot Ir esneryeIro c Est, atses,segt.ih-aydas hlig gles eae,UrCK,WO.RTHe household urnilsir h (ude instmett fors I nto ,EwbyAUCTION coprse four-est FrenTH,S DAnd ethe bed isteads, seve f2ethe ist-ngiefsh edding,cdo draer s.i humaV, tables chairs.a cOnch,-himney-gl ars, et, foaview tneorning n of a.Ctalo ues - wisth n2 issd oland. veryl wmpcts at Freu old andot parigtfupplasld Sts'lon, ani hoourd witbzb mlotteBre ttiOn an-dtruceti toa weXIIiom teLLbauohtrIoad at. Whetsoe MAntTI DAY,Ue 2seidJuly inatWents tone, lth distingui-he andry vry idpocts,nteTA TE,nng know acrso Oak-hoill Easnt-0Bmrne, foretl theL residence o The l jisat ontfusirJh Henarys olly0ace, Band,';aulsoanexerentalResifrsace Station.erandthnuuL Thm-le of h Bise Stto,adfo t tol . wgest tramethandowith stric rogard to thetstmonrt Ant exclentResidenc at atkns on,J g o ei- eto e, In .q.,muand vctt# uadjin-mg -142eesflado = r4 abrneed.mmon, latto MrMantthew The an jPr6sur6 grounds are extensive; part of the-yrdens laeheenletfo -aorr- 'aa o1f-Ds, at ans asanual rento £1 1I5. wholas foe many , -sobtained -,the first; prizes for frai b: and nowers grownx there. Tb aatas partly.titheife,ad m,lhro nysbIsto1s t5L asEparscufre mybesd o aplicaionto ~eess. as. Tiylor,' Maon, and aylor, 15, ForinTaal'-lM,Z HObrnlesrLightfoot and Rebeen, Csetle-street, Leoieter-equae ; and of Mr, Diackworth estat agent, Hadlay, Barnet. I -Adl1iOvsA-ta be Soid-byare±',,rt _aiaualineOme3, ,Ad sath enrtitl-ItV1 * nittngroj ~.veror description Orporfor,xee.'s r'articulareat ~ti I ~ ~ 1 3- -e ~MTIJO(~- Mart, ROBINS'i '*"I f + AtL by , jYittirecisonef the MacO. at Trf0,ai nex,J l nearread!Orqoopaion.bis~com o; I tl' - both is-'ai ve, end teubedHosea,3go. *n.~asiy ainingi in th;Cbn. ~cellr-rod, Hmmennith a sort Isnce fro.-It ths Churh and Broaday, ~eae team oat cn½bnication, The hoouies difer diexete tacomofre o adrtsi:famlilies. 'and are h1eldlie-iewed,dally, endprcuasadath cee,lso anmita; of J. .&ldridg,Fq,slctr 7 otgeil~e t>h Auction Mart; and atMthein' fie. ruere * lensiogtmon ~rr1 Notta-bl-M.lOs ioslarstant,n soot rreh: egible, plstso Freh~ oldurim hs die tocaity, the rouds and M R.RO INSisintrLctd o SLLbyAUCTION, denctaiO, intendcd to form bath tdoc3 Of 'the Sss-ex road, Isainifrm Ladb-olre-ro:td, also a continuation of Cisreudon rodIot an3d Somerset-terrace, at Keinsington-park, Ir ro-i ad Th ngrst. beauty aod advantages of this much-adxmired loat9hly. Taehoo mo.t; happily dereloped by the architect ordaciglia direc_;, to prepar the *plan for a busldlug opesatuon, Whihsnow rapidly advsncizig~ successful conuet on, the -nauch-admired new church, now ':eatrly finished. being tthberictilty. Residences Of a superior charteobrm been erected, and are incourse of being iluished. A glance at thie wM lat Onace t0how the intimate eannenion of the land uow offeJ'o sale with the muat beaiutiful part of the estate, and the adraut4ro be deivedfcO asting tocesryoutthe oriia . hme be offered in lotg of maoderate size and vle aal fblgsb divided with advantage and probit, and the uligpbi r nie to inspect the plane anlt c-eate. ThevaesadSwr r led formed at great expense. sytay beieswed, adpriuashda h Clarendon HoteL l,oe to the land; of Ter.H.ad.Lkeand :Kendsal solicitors, 15, Linooln's-inu-equar I t h at n at 'Mr. Robinus'soffices Covent-garden, Norwood. Surrey.-To Oxitalists, pcltr; n ules W . MOXONJWiUISJSL,at the`voinas,p~ .1kDA.Y. July 29. a very 'esimableFRE LD STT om prising a family residence, known is Cambra os,wt adn rcard,id and severml paddocks, in all abouteitacs,itaeoa beautifu elevated spot. within a abort ditaneo owa hrh mnile from the Orsyta PaLace and close to saitne taino h West-end andCrsstal PalaceRailway. Theladaaiptntobl frontages, and contains; very superior brickcrkPrIn n plane may be obtained at the Mart;- of Maye n amn oii tote, Great George-stre,et, Wes ~tmistr; n fM.ao,3 t Martinla-place. Trafalgau-square Extesiv Sae ofLeaehod Huses, well built and ~et,on the West- mnter Estate, Pisulico. 3,r.MOXON Will SEL.L,at the Mart, THIS DAY, ,LtJuly 29, in lets, the following I'OPERITY, held for long terms. vIZ. :-3, (tsovenor-terrre,Belgrave-road; 23 25. 33, 35, 37, 39. and 41, Gloceecrstres425, 26, 27. 28, 29, 30, andL 31. B raeroad-4. Denbilgh-street, and 24 and 26, Denbigh;-place_; 106, Caimbridge.str. et A5 MoretOn-Place: 3$, Tachbro,ok-etreet - 17 Charlvodsret n and 7, Somerset-street, St. Geor e's-roasd.' iliaeofr o and par can be entertaned preulons to lhe auction. rarulnars at the c of Messrs. Maylhew and Salmonm solicitors, 30, Great George-street,!. and of the auactioner 3.S.iatmspae rafalgar~square ~R. moxoNte tato Ma; valuable FREEH6LLADegilfrbili,themls from thae Three Brides Stto,ad wofo h twin tto nthe East GIrinmea Rlw.PriuasoMae ndSmn,30. Great George-street; n fteacine.3 t atuspae ofiSrst-dla,s Prpry lo et-oe alreFmlyieie with extensve Pleasure Grounds, and oterHoees h whoepo durcing about -£700 per annum; being the firot ortaoo theEte -of the late W. Heath, Req., at Cambridge-hah alsy lIAR. AIOXON hons receivedcl trcinsfo te LV.Executors to SELteaoeaa-casPOET th Auction Mart, on WdedyAgs .a 2orok nlb The whole Is freeholanln-txrdeeadcopisth grund rents, secured upon veryoxcailcutfitnyhos,inar-ret acey, Cambridge-heath, Ash-goe h rset n h cl h leaseof whichlhavinogboon originally grantedhtfr6 wr,fl in froof2 whichycarneannttetoanearlyo £4,00 eTr annum.L Also Heath-houme. a,madu aso n xesv grounds at Cambridge-heath, formerly the rsdne0 r et,is now let on lease for about SO Years, at the reduced rna f£4ls o a puLblic institution. Also several small Houses,,Priclr myb obtinled at the Mart - of W G oventon a. oiior ,Gasin square; and of Il:-. W. Moxi;n, sufeyer and auctione,3 t atns plc,Tailgar-square. GraBDvr-rosad Southw-ark.- -A.LaeodEtt f1 oss e to weekly tnns iLI. OXON wfi1 SEL, at the Mlart, onL Wedlnes..!Ld.ay, Aug. 13. at 12, a LEALSEHLDPROPERTEY, for 62 years being Nos. I to 14, Lensdown-lace, Great Dover-roAd in good repair. Particulars of Mr. Dixon, solicitor. Old Bogwell-court, andL of the auetioncer, 3, St. Mvartn'-place, Trafilgsr-square. CompactUti Preeopetyod Fv Hous es in inhe s-road, Fu-r mo. lIf . MOXON wMl SELL, at theArctinLWr, on Wdse Wedneday, Augu13 st12n one lot, a diewioni ESAT th exctrfIVhe well-bulneaHOS,'cing Nos. 67t0wt toe 10, Stheranlyroand, leing's-roadh, alb, nealtlyf Lanied, andh all eet fron gooqurteolrs lythents Martclratte as;and of the autionee, 3, St. Martin's-Place,Tagr-qae ialey-wibbkLaseod -vsmns o malsm.aCem 111.MARONwillDVSELL ath Mr,onw odSEsTNkda, Ag.13 ate12da, thegTWO foloin TWery desirble PROPER-1. TE, v., Diuaevon Cotae u Sbqawdcfometoee, anKNing'-rodleasEhld for 45yArs. tLgon et n N.4 rvdnecrae Bacndtet Chelsea,bleasFrehold fo 3 yers Pt 4cla o LDolm 1an aq 3 ed;and the Mauctioner 1,ddSt.MatnpceTrfgr-ua- ge mtoXte Oawa swiolSL, . h Alto Mr;o tmfordroad. ay,tAuulast .a ieto fteeeuosoh six-rooamedHOUSES wit arden, fomnd the wcest of d atmu theorals producing on es. 2 o0 wit gaprdesuintmor ashrt anterita£coneder iIjIR. M-ARMAIUKE MATTHE WS beg sutoinfortm AI.th uboT th,at PORTIONS onfrdyAus thevalabehatREeHOL ande rierLmdernGbR LAND cosYt thepermnen Blarracks,hi at Aldcs- ot, recntl ofperedut grouble. gauctins,,were NOTwSOlD, dsande that he i fully rutoria o ato F trea forttehe ame by Prialthe djuct-s ofta ogies,tldmn Jestals,rty. n utyooW tems omlt e Halsdey-wickhi lanord HocaRtos.-EigbePos wtifofr meebofdand cityholld Tjz. nat the r7Llwayo riday.ion August pr.wtWELVmos eligiblepLopSerty forND g sbituao inChuildingplot, Homertoexpiatindic-ofad,en Herancky. wc.Pareticuar and plan s a ut no. Mtbee ohoada the Joffwe,Ol ew AaubeFehl Buialoldn Land, narth Tadsorttha Rila R. PE RA UKEisodrdt MSEHEW b il SEIO , a II atthe Mart, Tonmorrow. Augus3th1,SEE valuabn nolet,Fa LgAGH HLatDo PROEEHOYD Lco Dont tho eenilh eroaeddleading fromuPsesiuaeatodterilwayost1atindI,TttnhaondgThree WadesiorablePots in prodvaucin on les £1 per annum,'bi for a short term,o -er withc onsdr PxadrenersIoary bavexectancy. rtcaar otane o suMrt toh B3Iutlr.BoiONa. aToe-theeMat,o Friday, Augutio M,allthndat vr sprareaes offploeasrrud,gres, 44, anoagreeabledettansutfromrth PetemnsesfAhmE is anour l osdered t heEL roce A CTOmpee, datei 'he favored Tocmoty;wi Jul3thinfu mil' of the loily andem veryearLthESrilAy ES srin.thuatpesening Suharkmost elrgibedpopry frordubdivgIsin inhbuildingaplts on the.expiation ofHpreset lownancy. Prnt.iclrsandi plane obatn dr. Mtbessrs ofcs Oldeesdale. adS i lnssL-or,A Leasehold Estate, t WaVnsmeWoills.hy Cx n ilR PEAKE is rdre t SELL by AUCTION, atth ilk1 Chhat,T-uro,Juy3th rtch non o, an LEgaS-v the alueof £3 pe annm' hle fr a ong term of year t Elarlo groun ren. Ma beves-r, an pariculrs obtained of Mr2. John Boilr. slictor.Toooy-srost atthe ucton Mast aond atlMr. Peake~~s offices, 44, Tooler-streetTooSouthwaeet Lease0D n holdoEstatoes. dGneu Af sa TrdstPAK isr rdered to' SELLby AUCTIO N ,a h m ,To JRlo EL y UTI1 at the Miart, To-morrow, July 0t,5L,iles,bsveal 12LEASEoLD ineSgtAltEs, siteuatedi GROUNDa and BtermoadocS shproduingluingthe aggegae £66 W-lot.perannm. tHeldov.n atlargroun loaonds, Esolicitors33Feechud An-street. Messs. Wlloughwby, C. andil Lofd solicitytors,t13. Climord'sinn;t F. pot Eannu, soichitor,e Highstre tet,pBrouhasMesrs.ll Joes andlK &.woit Isolcior, an9*,ti Lawrenc PRengian ; Af.sumer, solicitor, 25,CUg- , Harpto-lane; t wthe Marto anedleat . eksofor44Toeyareet, otsa MR EA EwilSELL by AUCTION, at the rtTomro'5 30a i2G-o'cloc , in H ots. 1.'5, an UES , no With hf Ber n-stret.Hnrystreet, Lpmroducigetesblouta Cotaer andu a Ploht hofGroun winthesos re awr: thewole let troduigosodpainpeekl eaunts at £14 prvte, per aencenum.dParticlarsobtainedat ofthep vlace ofsl ;3 oper. ohnum Butae soliitor Tooey-areet andat K. Peks'soff pes,-4 Taolynuraea Souths-arlo ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ b -D'AlTI inDe, capital S-day Clock.b inaen, China, GIlas 200 or. of Plat, rlaiedArlicles, and9 E}ecte. . FIR,FNNIS will SELL, on the Premises, 2, Montarn-street, usseli-ssre.onThursday JulySt anqfollowing day, at b each day, the HOUSEHOLD FWANTITURE, including rosewood loe and cardtables, sofas,- chairs, lounging ditto, a set of diningtableSfeelht6bYS feet, libr7 bookcase, dinIng room chairs, caita Tprkug and Brsels capet, chimeyrgla fourpost, French, ajndothereste exellent beaZ and bedding, chestsofdrawers, waoheandts, a lady s wardsbe, ix ainglo ditto, four large folding screens, stair carpets, now oilcloth,- laps, and numeroum salna,ble effect5. Maybe viewed the day pior and mornings o sale. Catalogues mabobehadonthepremlies and of Mr. Fiun, auctioneer and valuer, 6M.rat Ruseel-stet, Bloomabury-squsze. Valuable Bcoks, ancient and modern, -,NP. HODGSON will SELL -by AUCTION, at his newr Booms, the corner of IFleet-street and Cbanoeiy-lano. on Thursday July,es, and Fdsy, August l,1thalf-M2tlthe LIBR&RY of a gentieman, sad anotber colection recived from the country:- ri .g -In Folio-MaPs Of the Socity for the Diffusion nfUse-f l 67owledge, Ovals.'Gockburn's Pompeii, plte,ots.:Hol Bible, 1617 * Hutteri Bibli, ol4glotts 3 -aole.'; ( CnpbeUl lVitransu BritaUnlcun vol the -lb Brir NlWcu. 14-rols. ; the Gardeners Chronicle, 12 vole.; Theb imeslra, uy ll.Jio aa-ge - unbound : -In Qu1n = aro-e's clcipsed 45 vo alf ;l-a* ridaslal dros and Astle'd AAntiqua s Repertory, 4 -vle. P aciolatuILexicon ,curl Bailey, 2 Nols.'ro topi est Grcs4 3ilstary PAntiahatipsare's' Hndostaul 'Grammar And Selectien us's - nvirous tl ondon -S vole. Lyeons's Ierby- - - shire Be`JedBucl, Cumaberland, asu ambridehre;-A*olS.: ,-sysmst stof Sandwich; Rose'e Secondogye 2 vle, c-. Iu ,otaTO, s-.e.r hio , Is, 83 wall 8 .Winkle's Britis Catho 'drsi,3 Jvole.; C5 fmXni 2vols; Gragrs Biogrpbicai His-- -t-rao---'g wvols.-;- l auv.al-ey Spo lt'-N ye u 5 wo ;' t eoory ot 6 twacople5; r,nei' (Sur: o 4yola.;-Bloees ume nttlla:tems, C4nova'sWors,-2ols-.Bri- tish sa 40rl oe sad-2fohumnrta.Syols.;Kght's : PictOlaBib.e, - 3 vole. -Honse-(fW.t-Worke,-4 vols-;-Bayl6 D7ictionnairea Histue, 16 vo. rdBasonkWorki 10T0 :Hornson the Scflptmred SToll; tha work of Eollin. Robeson, Glbbon,Crcsier,; Clarendon Humse ad Snodett, lkin, los, Barke,Malla Pops and others; clauic mathantios IG Also a po-tlen ot a drculat' ljbray of mode= novel, c Toteviewed,and catalogueshad Oje-a7,X1aXay, -Juiy 29 t-t6 MIfl <." ATR SSR S.FOS.TEEV,and SON jwIii -SELL, htll1 .k-olo%5n ix-0 l9ts,1.Xt5E&LOL&\ikD' Wr4~~r Elae 9rrer- V 4,8R-FOSTER' rrd: 7S62M.wiu SELL- At1, Adduonnri,. Y-On.hF,inoptwo loit#;. ffsI)Y rtei 1.I ~ 2, heM~artk I IrPS.* I OSTltR, avid SON' witll1 SEL1,, at 1.2 I nl,n. Ter as, rmreiLC LU.. 11,lots,. PR'RThIOLD HOUSES anid DtlILDIN(t PLOp-i. st I ai-mai,--~ mal Collection. sat wateroIus, ainso sevr udSO-N s,re directea to6 SELL ardteC istory,iy st mogle;cill CoatherA, .XouslAghe thopndilof 3. D.Hardig Nas Cooper, RIA, Frost Poo~~le EAteg- &lA.- Onviwtwo days reor, andaCtaloguesbad at 5'all.umalL. LEASEtIOLD HOSadHp 2 tbrtsse hle,mo tamn ih room. fotecovnnc,lt atLlpraumad rent of £6. Mybe iwdb evftetnn and obtained at theyatN n fM.H .Drie~s Ui5a5O l eoy, 45, 'Vincent Stur.Weiiae. ictiadacin 1~f DRAPR is insruected to SELL by 'HOLD DWELihOHUS,No6 Chided into twoshp,wtlagwoshs,lttMrCare Bellerby, and TMr. JostbMrasashl elaouigtLs and held direct from h aqi fWsutif~syasfo Christmas, IS52, at thretf£1.Mybviwdylaeof'e tenant,% sleobaiedatnheMap; ndoftr Er.D. Daper nd,ctoee,4 inst-oar,Wet minuster.- MR.H . D. AERi instructed tO SELL by -i U ON. at te Mt,To'imorrow, July 50tb, at 12, aFREf HiOLD DWELLINC-HtoUS known as St. Joln's Vil1a, fronting Wand5"orth-eemusos and th orTnerof St.Ann's-road. near the Fih-s menOge"s AlmelOsbose Theheuse ountains eight good rooms and is in every way suitable for a respectable famIly residence. with small garden, oat-buildings, and conveniences;- good supply Of water, anid drainage into the river. Imnmediateposesaton may belbad. M,aybe viewed by aPpplictIon (between 10 and 41 on the Premises, and nrtcro lars of sale obtain d-tere ; at the Wart ; and of M%r. ILD. Drp1er, solicitor and auctioneer, 45, Vincent-square, Westminster. Order of Sa!e.THIIS DA.Y, J uly 29, atGarw3s l R.W. R. OLAS IER begs respectfuay to annournce 1Jtat the PItOPERTIES advertioed by bim for SALE, as above, will be sold in the following order, commencing at 1 precisely:- L, Four Freehold Cottages at Cleygate, near BElier, Surry, in two lots. 2. Valuable Freehold and Leas-ehold Property, New'ecross and old Rent road, in 15 tote. S. The desirable semnidetached Teasehold Pamily Residence, N~o.8, trTederiskWs Vilins, Coldharbour-lane, Brixton. 4, Six vray pleasant and well-built Hennsa. Nos. 14 to 15, Trniaty. sar,BiTon,i Dralxlos,b dimroectono thep n Morheaes. R. I TankUptIASbsuta detached wiehol S ouse know As theOWheateh hif B oig-oms,d,ond urdeylanex, BAtterea. 11eey anim twoal aot0lots o f yeh6d ridin ILand adjing inthre lots, bY dr ldOrtg' eae Ylnwoo&Osethdpi,wdaalge Pngarticulas WateGrracoy'ur Dand Ofthe auctioPintnegs 4, Chergpropert Tofh DraperJ.s Silkeneer, Shippeebr.aned others. lij H.THOGAS anEMBRRETTwill SELL by AU`CILLTION. at their Rooms, on Fleday next, AnTugust 1 eat pnectuaolly,aowit 400elingof tihs SOLLESTIOd ofENGR.ALDRAPE. inOOding narl allnew groods beorleen ofe the daTrio,andcuatalonues Engeraig, Wat er-orkser Ilaoics,imandssion oaintiego, the mrop elty ofthratedrdcin of0 IAllsen,r, LtheaeebratWed and raher.dsn gishedON artithei matoosis 22, etet-stloret orwngTns oayEve,Ahgnext, finihdfoowigfevening thelm COL.TO 1oft P. TRaVler c incudnt rllian prooy beoeete,ofte Wranigratd ,b Wanes,tand oeerther wotKs; choirslmpesson ofwsoded on the mar't cele bratdporotuctSole of valuabler EpaseodAtlates, Witusandi ortherdmti- goaeiseritish masdoters,pThewatrer-colourgrawngs rucmprie- heihl finishd peimns byda eylwgridrnslrImgtr unn A entley Joy L byAnTe W.atthard nTh, sb4andote clebatdartistHO s,Tataoguca orwaredng rtecsueriptof twel Important Sloer-of aluableton Leaehl Efttes sritkuatei borthamp-o ton-terrace an Northampton-street, sninthpaousbreucinge£315emiz Eas~t Ket.-By l3iL byRG HARRCISON, at theMArctioen Lthi dyAugs?at 2 , inr inneli,b reo the Executerpreswythen vaIn.t btl an Eletong M.EAorIFOr'O situatein.thconsisbigetdve supero reel Tedancs Nc , in 56an,Nrthocu fKeteampstinontera nar SubtntaMatthrew' Csurwhbloe r-rod,n asinin aothe foure bfrichkep-rbultehoudsesoun Intshera.with w"d,oekfishoqal-yad, wtsomedsn a lbare pied hof gsrder; grodund-rthe whole letolnewabyereswpfomtb thenDantsatrnts Camuterof atoabu pryanu, and balrsevd for o teOrw-hetermso er uneren,wat for 2 moearaterom.und ents, bTeinganlydtaiorethemeho. Iroperity.PMayeh vieweda by ermd.Tissino teh'le tenats, Partwicuar,hith plns hadr dlB the bast;manfactuWreWalliswo ore , bsoicitrd. 3 l,ble Brend-street;o MromamenetsauCtionee, 1,ss Chlboie, city;, and atumer.u Neff bot Augushalkfor nd Stonthe aleroi RprecrIsel, innetlotfse No.Valuablo*esTuthe-free LEaSehoDAY 9 Esate, fotledw ing cFyveaton. Mano Paus, situate rn the parishe bs oanfactoneen spectablereienrewni, andpabedt 29yacesamofirichdepsob nd compund fssmarshgan nd fofr st, quaity, with r-omebOdhstiands hopd grouds; hevdunerrh sal rebe-o aitneS,wabegedasedfomtherDa wandrChaper, ofd Catebur,atmhereer apendasent fg£2. th toermwaoenwd frwn orm s1 yerrme June, 1abin2. wThedtanaxthirledeoemedmnobledeiatxtoes theLondon Cnctveru, ctaepandoDovterod byEtween Sauaitttnbronzesand omaverish corwithietw an mie o itte, Iet font Caantruy, iSi table Chatham andOOfonWLonond. Ihaerts-. enttoofter poe .Es TentMAilaS lb wiVthN tD woinio thELhose by ArC TIOas nd byondeton of saet a1 e obtaee3ine am t merthe ShiptHoftel, lateshArun o Measrs.e MounttaFiingstl.Fq. solicitrsy, Candnteorbr Hoow esl srs xm n. Lakdesialystand tendalishorticitos1.incfoln's-in chund,on;theand k of theauioner,Gas Cotlett, near Coanfrtcawrburwy. staton.sr-andaboet25 Hyxdespari,-ade omtean rnearplys new FumrnIture rotheyheatrmanufacture, wiahnofrteros agridtuvalbuabledirnges 7an d 03. Ch32.oi ceWintos,bl and nutemula ef ets. c No.-473Glcetedreqhuars, Hydepar7 tHISmt_a DAheJnlow aendofoll4w bav=inmxbenArecentlyosuppieahamrdbystates,Wikriwnason,avcompriin maogn fou-pst FArmabn anstdelirotfubedsiutead, goo bheddainge seboeraLmarble-tp andhatford, wer ingedLandgOterwtardrobe, and elb necessaryTeparobertyaopenags,eegaubtnt roeoo dawingProomdsuivte heanbdsomebui cs labine, wne aund ohe chenffndonirhsr:anobleuchime glassebose, 6uotheouttg pwisenofoamenby Bard,th varclturablebulngesan omment, ti mck-ad, s il andcurtais,o setro maeror ablednin teables handsopestarve adSpanfirshtmahogny sn.Te eidebordoitpategl back t easyboe anddohepcairs, diner meadow land.is tale, Anninst.P. erleani anr.sGelscrpets jambout5tdoen rboflachoice inesan, eeandthdner anol dessrtservces,ct-gd's culinaryfth ateicles,an the gene:rcal cntnt o. equaldtonew day bsee h a prior totesl;3 h zand Grmeat ofhare. ata demesla onm theg Srmi.s ofb Mdeans,rd Walkson and Sone Sa Ohs Bondstreet: andGrofer. EM itrrel,actoemer.l- 1,mpsWadboo, cistey.G Watfbod. Herts. 11 .THOMAS LAVENDER will SELL by AUG laTe EdmunbdiFereey onoftbnstlzo, xeto, at Gam's.y's,Loudon, or Monday. August U. at 12. thathgl reakbvvaluablee TATE, kown Hollowell Farm, very desirably stae,asot itnc rmthu cihurhin the bankurs rdof then, pverentine,na tosa fliirs -t-clsforaithe station,ofandaoteel minutres' ideite o tver metrompoffer It fom prbiscom pretiin. and roerycoprIeSa. 3r. 36p. of excellent arable and ~treln,ltt maolad, wihalph Dysonter'theeonans,a Itislnow rento Ltd r W.J andlTeter'5 Parms,umost ndelgtul ajisituaehie PaPrishes 0f-P Abot'smangeley an Wibrttford,W nearttyng'sLange Statin and o- twd, mileasfrom Wtfor teSta atonn the Londont%rb~ andrrorhw. tRsk Oalwy Tempoert comprstes4 era slltatianditilb eimse, withm dtceoIcs pleasur ground, gaictrde,andaorchard:, alofHuner' Wir-bns n uae, srinouictopriss, Igrardein,qandte ;agiutural buildig yards, ric-ade s,wt 6ersofvr ueirabe edw CipatyrOf Band, torfirstk-Frats cndiion Te-he droesidnc, wt thu fr-h0use, 'anddato lsmao lanOE d, i ebtftomr. , P Bterbielo andtMr. Gheorg eJames,buted argrabl ondinto hand, and AUthewholt ofthe property wm,dratdI. let Satur£240 pAr annu, Ma foe- prewled re(Sdasofptd byleueo the teeus y ianta, oft whie omUowun PRO- bele,T4 ay prior itoi the sale;d thel afoneda GpretuiVerharnsate ad, premet4iHeminestmendts nobn's aftn d Wbtford: ahLglso.at the offices Mressl.knoniatilandcGovnter.slcitlors.HecalledmpCstlea,foHers kn TownmteaabtnendBA srvroiad satei aotgent, Watfrdet, rtferiofVBthO, bo ay direction the Pocprtietor, t G atea's Mrnon ontbe Mondy. Agus II,at 1, tat rmarkblyvaluble REEoLf ESTAE, and-ax edeeed,caled CalkhillFar, deiraly ites privasisa cfee and two Othser public roamIs, pIatettnoos-n 17 bed rooms, with osobc-houaca and gsisling in therear for 25horacs. It inheld upon lease from the oarporstaon of the 'city of B1ath for 75 .yecats fsesm the -thDicerd56h 1841, at aground rent of £t7s. 8d., and isnowleased to Mr. Stausbie,ahtghlyrepectablu andresponsibletenant, forH1 years,fspm the- 25th of Dosembei, 1855. attha anual rZent of £36. Lot 2,- A Detached-1Housw in the Weston-road wKith lawn, called Coo ubad9teeadio1nis-,P_0cale Libumrnu CDtoSge. *MtxVisdde -'and 4 raeeebons,Tu . .ro npry is situate in'.the West6nn-mad, about' -dye mitsiule' iwalk- frmthe Roqyal Creesent5 r-h hltiit a be-'taken- of which it'-lies, in the most fashionable And: beautifuil ec"irongbfth~ - city, apProaebed by esy -risig ground., It comimirads extensiraieirs to the south-west, is well protested from the north-east by Ibe heights, of Sion--bl11raind-laesdownm, Orsond'-Honse-oontaine-dining'-raom - library, a3ad*ater-closet on the grooundSsr irwuro~ousr andbhesthedroom ontbe,rust 'Boor, audilva-gqodtbedrocss bove,:_ kitchen and other offices below, with frontage of 57 feet, Anda bAlcony. 'theirholW1engtix-ofttrsfii3or. -aurcenamental-lawrn in front --150. feet', byi57-fect, -a&pproaohiel--frde the -Westop-road 'b,. a~ carrlage - driveof 150 feet lozg'~ ItiL'et(m'oaeMto'tbeRcyT. Mr.LOuglmnLkpr_ -dive-Vearsatslsepeaslyrent of £e40.-tiseflnstreaseentbetnguatissd - byankllowauaee fork5Paies..'Llabursu3m C0ttftOconitain ist1rooms, -with gardenand7eeabonse, 3S0festhy45feet-Wide.- It tg'in -bo- -for threeltve!rbyradersvaisye laew,-qnxder&. Job u. aopital,jnBsth, atagroundieneof £12per anntum, The3- J est -lifei.nwa -dona8-0,feet Jn-isegtbh%nx-t=fdint to' the Sce~eigN .- Watloo-terrace-ossainUing-11-roo,sA firontageAtothelodq Ld -oomandtinuithersaLreXtu2ars-ivW-ieFHsmptd,t-Down, wih-tlw -beatefuwieseryajuiangi1ttshld aoralose foe tr of 32. yeasunxfdsdfom-adystslae, sbjet SssrasnauamUIroand ~et Of51a~-id-s-lt-o-M--,~-nt a-eseetbl asdrspoie'c - tenant,iat£30-per aeboened-1Lot4. x ~~ssttlseupl~~~~o1atey,,nd suction rooms, 8, Union-street, Bitt.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Arbsisi j h NjO&ad7tfl atts DM ~~ V iA~ r L- wi ELPi to tlt~~~~~~~~ I~t M ij1l-rldx$dnsv.bd, 3 Wnt. 1FhS ,mt-h4lfl.M -ldiWikrs 9 dtnom idtoi Antto l-cd8 rt,Thns-oiimsn-fst lireluaslFeoft eoldt~Et Orsswp - AA Uaa&-g XTMINTOX.ndIS MR_iVAZd~ceryooeg ot Thursda, d July 31. ate Lhatric o -twol rAtedanembsprit, hb arliAor hnt'-efrmete- 2awb vews o 1tbrefasth-ltrort-blil: eiaek-srIt.j~ilisonad 4,nLos±c entomte and Son,h Ange fr*l-onrsThe gmo re sdtee *Vlable P` eeo reenold Giniltdin condtAicuous ou,Code, Nr2lft fO1f4Ttry eldebIe foEuLL,ttb sat anF stcjrEEHOLD Sthp1s ba GRoUND -bas-in fetgefS4 'Adiombe-road,y - deopthLn Cryof0Ieti -weaptdohemtl 01tor.threoundt-is-svll,ss dit.es, it i ihn w nutaw1s ablep shomro! TstretolGrissd. cotigh ste hpsolglatg prnae f0-artvr eliVgroeblnte for uIldne or es,uthmay bsie ndlclv,'thlansd bad-of MrS (LolT&, ~at l4t y 2ar-t, oi Solicior Ju]de YZhI,-x lI In Swil.ll's-l(be Vrertu cnd Sohe Ansgefte Freehol ~oilbi o datgerd, halufl wuRlebssLD L;ArNhavo AIngens. ness-thePeHoters-goeldn, inmhe rsust Ofroutansplon _17E!TOM an O.wIIEL t the.Maxti o -a *JuyJl,aday,nthelbndedr a pettoni aeeethllaeerepcancis witolr,h) aual IEZODLN, eusta, i ib dnear,& Frcsy.b rder oldadSeysEtt a lc oegoe oumplebrtetgnine lot.egtweefa on aigaroedo 14 Corontion obexstbajln.li thwearo h rcdn,a the disaybetieedmaappuisin o e.dhala tion of P akaIrisatBing.1d,ofhmpatcls u- ELLISar2Uen asdrft. db the inHSetsy ireEsand Lamw Yan& hans;dMi.3.nkeetrvxeof th PlAe-M.J atret-b eantoSEL. Wikisol ate. by eUeTION atllGlrrs way, NiTo~l-morowJul 3ts- atig inregu soliciordul, to th, eidiroa cfromBarkingon adto Lnoucos ole Tb norton-street, - -tsof ebol( ~mabldVlla~eidene ad N oI,aulroad%e Ar theomane-ru *a"l Freehold dan , at m Sundy She who l' eI½ tte.St 1 afesintELLISe es-al diar althe Hdleombe.oat near thisolutely wa byACION atOro To-mAloalrro,er Plothof teadiLand i th te n t hes-. mranklyadptr ord tulignreo he wholCee-e £ipon-te ormer withma frnayge wed and dprited of ti ak,ota. lso 9 Pl ts o Freolds-es c, e n the brmie; r.J midanror Ua atrther, O If. g 28FiedshW-street-hu;Grhou ryon; Tur.ay Aouletoc atjw~ 3 avrn nethe NIBR o entlate- J.d. Wuien,E, m oaior.c Z1mthm Gclounrdyt,et o tusisellg about ~1,2D. Svolumers ofcbtor, th2, clectsidn plaeveof yale, and ofctdwihjugentom n thon,Anelcuts ahreomoleteoa.tI ltigt-~j~ vitig, odteemi-n theattodsomely thend, ly gentrin uLd unound pblicato and e Thers. h krpeein n' mriEngTofMae itlgeZ a td O thol SEomL; ttae Gat h llery o theeutlronener-g5,31nrves, Citysar. o bra,Aret~t1l Noriia PANINS b ni ta oer ases d the inual ceert Foigxnlurenins o A apolon Bunapast the 1First u thedistinguised o arit Sne,ai xiie ttheAnalEosbulthe poemislytandf h city fLno.Myb iwdsvnd iprirton-the salesb,c durrey which, w ith aslone mayT he, had otu VentF andSo,7 Wnngel-couroocTroandrowtonsctee.Caoge reltlohe hdnC sLHeate, e. ofcAlt asingneen, AudennanTHIS;Dor lTiiesday, q. soul rtor, 01 icl'-n.ils;nothe mdr OUEO pFRImITURI 'elmal Fcehon la Land, other0 Wfe,togthier n OitrdhI the rmi.- esetock of traeseu -ndew ddes the dy'rw wholen xon aerated fogLon thR.eLLS diretet b the Heton ffices-,t2L2 w Oxor-sret RItjD Of sitWajbrixELo. the laterki-. .attersnt. EL boee bAUTION, tt Gss-awasonTh-isrro, July 30ath arlthe2iE7IoA,Y HEVEN DWLOLIoNGREHOLSE witD, portIo acn, be o uand the re- a rnaED wetbaetofletAloFu SELLt by AUeC-o l BLan,a h omes a1 the Vernon andT uredinton ro1d,ua zthe or Ithon 2,Wet,rldpac-tyroad, OdFothenieeiilfriseledfoatbuldingtpurposes. zanheoiewd uentil the saple, an particulas wit plrans ndumndai, tiaras,sobicinorof1Thomaselingers,lR-., solicitof,or0.sIferchuand-atrer. WoordLwoh;et Gsrauayts; ndofos at, the ofces ofsthe.acine,10 ToSalale FreeholdLand,T at instond andly Fauhrn in teshe cent.ls, oil Surrey. the whole exonarteda frixomlnd-a 3fR. ELLIS iKdiENYted EL by teers-AUTILaON.'d iYadtnearxo the fat nI!ld,Amgte3 J* atI rdley, i 10 lot, solnelyb VLA. CTIODNCat earabys Ton-morow Jul 'Ihu 1neirt lrots TWO PaLOT ogardEEHL LN, n etste i6dbigRPot rfmn Cwiliridgbeok grove, theoteringthe adankiyt-roado oppositethe aned cenditernso insaepXton'thefre with; ao flronPtaersofn1fet and Togade,jtolc131-s feel:thoe Ier,afrnopt of 20 feetm, wipth alldeuth ofa th0ectorhnr. Fishot,Alo2 Pe0 Freehold Laetmn.nd. , situ-terenthe hin he s-sd ofr Raruha to aLondone, aboutthreeD mies ro AnuLdsotadh2 R et.tnOfBTpt afNYle hand benn favoredlOwfetsruaor thereabtouts.a he vewe untith Ftale,an pArt.Icuars wIt tansey anhcndtins obtained o LD tromers,Bet solicitor 7 Liucteanreb-aret; 8 Callmteei the chteMrtHtel of Lnon.t theriothe it isnow mthe me cumldine stateroals.btnilsnnmua rep.r ELLrISbt is ooirected ito ofos Sealzeby lAUt,CTIO Ne ,LLLumn Forpritayn augst atnd onitinslots thle MaTpyateMrIS t;W toun.d soc barick. s, sshsoliand,4 frmieg, doosrs,eflooring W joistsn Khuernyonxr, external shttrs hotal-en,Ma OPhe viewedrda nerecedin 11teMnojeyste, ceigty, sub-oe "ebl edne ti Abu ,0 olumes of Bor JI~.ELLINSiirte WM SELL by AUCTION_a iLl,atrthe Sale Roomsur20,yLeAdensal14street, onaTuesday,eAulustat 2Lth LIBJERTY o gentleman, dece7Saslep,treaved fro th seea yas aEndeece with iudtrment the setsmasstompubl, it few exetosomn nfte Thausmel bound, and in2ai eand. tIers. d Alo..te aluabler w Engaviongsrem, nD oumeros vfBeehirete anDPubudpblctos May&1A A1 be s-sewed the dayepreceding ans 11R.JAESIEVLLwilSELL by AUCTION, a h R0JL Asaboe"o h 100nsiaea,6wthout. the Fdlesa rgserve, on 3.2us, Pon thepremithes SndCatothe auctoners offtiones,2r, Ofords-jtreean a'itr oPindUensl of Gocr ad heoemaer foolwapt.Jl 2to, anl nthe modern HjboUsEH, FURNmstelpiTUR .Iag chna,glans, androtherveffcts togpeth3er it thew re,ainin slate inpreade. -O doibecrwnthdahoprio and mTornn of sale.eu Catalogu-es, en the preomises;n andth autitheautneer fos1 offies&,27,AOfrd-stret elaOn C.ier Tahisn Dsieq,. i0, Maidlrk-lane.%Rmn-iu atSSS BULLeX,OnK Tars day,Jul3,tl2b r t-he LEASrE- r ge,tQeeans-od Daboto with aplothe- ofgoudin the rear, uit-h abletryfor buiLdn proseth. Them h ousewilprdue £30t pertanum,I an i hldlo-atem FFaboUtRF0yaoft low- ground'Ret Pa- boocae,for ies,rvd ndooEo tables, -eitthm egso.der an be omfrniue bcetlc, hnsStan~L~r-1 es inexcellentwepair,slstsAeV Gr aeandr~ ~B Teos. Thi Evnig, t 7reidry~xd ~sh Friue Cass '--- UCIndLeulnosfessXvfr eds -OU.W n PO B~A. ilSEV~ mLJAUC ION -a mdi-ona 9- lefo-tef odn.
