DEATHS. Killed at SebastoDol. by an accidental explosion, on the 28th uit, SEnor GeorgeRauken, Royal Engineers, aged 27, deeply lamented. ^ On ths mornmng,of Thursday, the ISth of November last, atErighton, ne3 3f 1bume s4denr,Thomas Augustus CargiDl, Eg., fennerly of Jamaiea, seeond surviving son of Captain Cargill, Superintendent of the flrovince of Otago. Newr Zealand. * On the 24th of December last, at sea, on his passage home, i^ent.- Colonel Frederick Coventry, of the 6th Bengal If ght Cavalry. On the 13th nlt.. at Toronto, Canada West, John Thomas Arnold, Ess., eldest son of John Arnold, Esq. On the 13th -nit., at her residence, Asbfield, near Goderich, Mrs. Yurray, relict of the late Rev. Prof. Robt. Murray, of Queen's College, On thi 16th ult., after lengthened Christian usefulness, 3Maria Augusta Oram, of 7, Union-place. Lambeth. midwife. daughter of the 4Rev. Daniel Wiliams, of Carmarthe4shire, and hiswife Flora, daughter of AlexsnderDingwall, of St. uartin's-in the-Fields. * Onthe 1st inst., Mary, the wife of John Fielding, Esq., of Delgraveterrace, Higher3Broughton, Manchester. * On Saturday, the Ist inst., at Great Malvern very suddenly, in consequence of a fall from a rock, Henry John M1axwell, Egq., third son of the late Rev. Pitrick Maxwell, of Almer Rectory, Dorsetshire. On Saturday. theIst inst., at Rose Cottage, D enmark-road, Cambervell. HIa-net, the beloved and much regrettedwife of FrederickHorne, in her 56th year. On the 2d inst., at 27, Middleton-road, Dalston, Mhr. Thomas Taylor, aged 53, OnL the 2d inst., at Mss residence, Pendrea, near Penzance, Johna Sm-gent Bedford, eldest son of the late Captain John Bedford, Royal Nay ged 53.' 0 the3d int., Robert Wilson, Egq., of 105, Shaw-street, liverpool, aged 70. ,On the 3d inst., at the Rectory, Northians, Sussex, the Rev. Wilim *Mlwardlord, D.D., rural dean, rector of Worthsiarm, aged 4l. On the 3d inst., at Laugharne, Carmartheushire, Mary the beloved w-ofe of G. B. Wentworth Stackpole, Esq., and relict of the late William .Siyrone. On the 3S inst., Mary Eliza, wife of Mr. Minter. of Frith-street, Soho-square, daughter of the late Mr. James Briggs, of Brewer-street. On Tuesday, at 12, Westbourne-crescent, Hyde-park, Edward Eamphreys, Esq. Onthe 4th inst., at Hartshill, Stoke-upon-Trent, ArthurColin,second son of Colhn inton Campbell, Esq., aged 4 months. On the 4th inst., at Tulse-bill, Arthur Hunt, Esq., late of Green. gthe, and formerly of Dartmouth, aged S7. t On the 4th inst., at Highgate, in her 17th year, Frazces Maria, the )oungest, dearly beloved, and most affectionate child of M3r. and Mrs. 1lehn Fishier. On the 5th inst, at 63, Eccleston-square, Frank Augustus Spencer, the ,y,ungest child of Charles William Curti Esq.
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMES OFFIE, ThursdaXyAfornitW. THE CRIMEA. (BY SUBMARINE AND BRrTISH1 TEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Paris correspondent:- " PARIS, THuRSDAY, MAcH 6, 8 A.M. "The Monit&ur says that Marshal Pelissier has informed the Minister of War that the resolution passed by the Plenipotentiaries on the 25th of February last, relative to the armistice, which is to extend to the 31st of MIarch, was knovin in the Crimea on the 28th of February. " On the 29th of February, at a conference held at the Traktir-bridge, between the Chiefs of tho Staff of the allied armies and General Tutchimeff, delegated by the Conunander-in-Chief of the Rus sian army, it was decided that there should be a complete suspension of hostilities." EXPRESS FRO1I PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m. The explanation of Lord Pahlerston on Monday night relative to the "Preliminaries of Peace," and which we received at an advanced hour to-day, disposes, I presume, of the blundering statements which appear to have created such a sensation in London, Paris, and Brussels. Lord Palmerston merely repeated at some length on Monday, March 3, what I wrote more briefly on Tuesday, the 26th ult., that is, six days previous. My letter of that day mentions that at the first sitting of the Congress, the day before, the Austrian propositions (as accepted purely and simply by Russia) were signed for the purpose of identification as preliminaries of peace. It was a formal proceeding, to; legalize, as it were, the Protocol of Vienna. Nothing more important has, I understand, been signed since, and certainly no " Preliminaries of Peace" in the proper sense of the words, though it was believed, or rather hoped, on Sunday night that a considerable step in advance would be made the next day towards that point-if the point itself were not attained. This was not much to make such a noise about. A private letter from Brussels informs us that the Russian Mlinister there, who is, Ibelieve, a son-in-law of Count Nesselrode, went about repeating everywhere that peace was concluded, that he announced the fact to King Leopold, and that His Mlajesty warnly congratulated him and others thereupon. It was rumoured here that a number of houses in Brussels were illuminated on the occasion. Evidently a trick has been played off for stockjobbing purposes, and one firm in particular in Paris is charged, justly or otherwise, with having originally sent the news to Brussels, London, and other cities of the continent. One cannot be too cautious in receiving reports about the Congress. There aremanyparties interested in deceiving the public-some for political purposes, others for baser ones. No secret has ever been better kept than the proceedings of theCongress up to the present moment, so far as details are con. cerned. Every one has been long acquainted with the four propositions, and may have made a good guess at the fifth. Every one knows that the Russian diplomatists are here to discuss, contest, and, if possible, diminish their force; and that those of the Allies are to follow them up and enforce them. Considering how long a time the Eastern question has been before ihe worid in every shape and form, it would not be difficult for a man of imaginative mind to concoct a daily report of the Conferences, and it is very probable that he might now and then make a fair guess as to the sort of argument employed pro and con. But it would be guesswork only. All that can be safely aflirmed is, that matters are going on, as 1 stated on Sunday, assez bien; but it would be an error to suppose that there is not yet a good deal of work -to be got through. I believe that France and England have not been since the commencement more firmly united than at this moment. Of Austria's firmness I doubt whether so much can be said; at all events, I hear whisperings aboutCount Buol not realizing all that was expected of him. It is positively stated that no prolongation of the armistice or of the negotiations beyondthe 31st of March will be listened to, and that in fact everything must be arranged in 10 or 12 days from this date. I hope so, as Russia has everything to gain by time. The Congress did not meet to-day. A rumour prevailed in certain diplomatic circles at Vienna, and high authority was quoted for it, about the determination of Prussia to come forward at last and assume a decided position. Trustworthy information from Vienna would show that such is not the case, and that there is no appearance of that Power contracting the same obligations as Austria, (however Austria may fulfil them) in case of the breaking off of the peace negotiations. Up to the 30th ult. to invitation had been received at tle Court of Berlin to take part in the Conferences, and not the slightest indication made of the admissicn of a Prussian Plenipotentiary to the Congress now sitting in Paris. Poor Prince Gortschakoffseems to be completely evaporated; no one sees him or hears of him. His credit is totally gone at St. Petersburg, and it was expected at Vienna that he would before long give up his post to a successor. The Semaphore of Marseilles says- "Another batch of RuBian cannon has just been landed at the Quai de la Joliette, where they havo been the object of great curiosity. Some of the guns which belonged to the Russian vessels are of unusnally large calibre. Most of them bear the double-headed eagle of the Czars, and many show the marks of the balls of the allies. The Frangois Arago steamer arrived here on Monday from the Black Sea, having on board from 300 to 400 French artillerymen belonging to the siege train. The Gange steam packet left on the same day for Constantinople, having on board as passengers General Zamoyski and his aide-de-camp, and nine other officers belonging to the division of Cossack, of the Sultan, General W. Smith and 11 other English officers, 33 French officers and 30 privates-all going to jointheir.different regiments in the Crimea." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " MARSEULMES, MARCH 4. "The preparations maldng here for the embarcation of troops for the East are more considerable than was at first supposed. It is expected that 20,000 men will be embarked." " TRIE STE, MAncu 4 (EvzEN-nG). "Accounts from Constantinople,of the 25th, state that there is great mortality in the military hospitals. " The Greek clergy have not yet published the firman relative to the reforms. "Accounts from the Crimea to the 18th state that the troops were suffering severely from scurvy." " TIESTE, MARnc 5. Accounts from Constantinople to the 25th announce that Count della Minerva, who provisionally represents Sardinia in that capital, has communicated to the Porte, as well as to Lord Stratford de Redcliffe and 3L Thouvenel, a note from his Government, approving the conduct as well as the protest of Baron de Tecco on the occasion of his exclusion from the conferences at Constantinople. " General Vivian, who commands at Kertch, was preparing av reconnaissance on the side of Arabat, where the Russians have concentrated a number of troops." " BERLIN, M&RcH 4. "The cew Prussian GaztM announces that Count do Munster, our Mfinister at the Court of St. Petersburg, who s now here en conga, is to return imrediately to his poat.9 The Senate held its first sitting yesterday, under the presidency of M. Troplong. Generals Canrobert and Bosquet, who have been named Senators since the last session, took their seats. ?h, de ladoucette and do Go-dhot do 1aint (= = were vp' pointed secretaries, and the Duke of Padua and Count le Maroi vice-secretaries. The general sitting was then closed, and the Senate retired to proceed to the organisation of its bureaux, and to appoint the committee on petitions and that on accounts. Prince Jerome was present at the sitting. The Constituiontctel says "The Plenipotentiaries of Russia had hitherto onlr appeared at the Teileriea in plain clothes, for the special reason tbat, besides the state of war, the accession, of Alexander 1I. has not yet been notified to the Western Powers. Their presence at the Imperial Sitting of Monday in uniform has been generaly interpreted in the diplomatic world as a certain indication of a speedy renewal of official relations between the Court of St. Petersburg and those of France and England, and consequently as a manifest proof of the favourable turn the Conferences of Paris are tiaing." :l. Eugelmann, one of the insurgents transported to Algeria after the revolt of June, 1848, and lately director of the French journal published at Madrid, having been pardoned by the Emperor, passed through Bayonne on the 2d inst., on his way to Paris. M. Eugelmann is the author of some beau1tiful pieces of poetry. and, among others, a dithyiamb on the capture of Sebastopol. Letters from Valladolid announce that the works for the construction of the second section of the Northern Railway are to commenco on the 19th inst., and that the Duke of Victory is to arrive in that city on the 16th or 17th to preside at their inauguration. The Io,iiteu,r contains the official announcement of the appointment of the widow of Admiral Bruat to thepostof "Goavernante des enfants de France." The following is the exposd des motifs of the budget of 1857, presented to the Legislative Body yesterday:- "Gentlemen,-The Emperor has desired that the budget for tho year 1857 should be presented to you at the beginning of your session. We in consequence.submit to your examination the estimate of receipts and expenses for that year. As you know, gentlemen, the year 1855, which has just terminated, shows a large increase in the inrdirect taxes and revenues. Thus, in spite of three insufficient harvests, and in the very midst of the sacrifices of a distant war, France has not interrupted for an instant the fecund activity of her labours, nor tho increase of her internal prosperity. Calm at home, glorious abroad, henceforth assured of her alliances, after being so long isolated in Europe, and confiding in the wisdom of the Sovereign, she even now gathers the fruit of a policy at once firm and loyal, gonerous and prudent. As a great nation which, after tho terriblo trials and prolonged conflicts of a revolution, has at last found her path, she has seen the sympathies of the world return to her, and enjoying under the national dynasty of Napoleon IIL the real advantages of the new order she has conquered, she has at the same time resumed without an effort the rank which belongs to her among the nations of Europe. However, it is to strong governments and prudent financiers that it belongs not to estimate too highly the hopes of the future. You will remarl-, gentlemen, that the estimate of the receipts for the new year has been made vith prudent reserve in the law which we now submit to your appreciation. "iBUDG:Er Op n'RECEIs. "The fortunate results of the year 1855, to which are joined the hopes of peace which it is now permitted to entertain, would perhaps seem to authorize a high estimate of the receipts. But the Government has not thought so. Contrary to the course followed in the latter times, and though events have thus justified the hopes of our budgets, it has considered that itwould beproperto confine itself withinthe limit of the receipt realized in 1855 and of. the estimates admitted by you for 1i66. The indirect taxes and revenues, on which is concentrated almost exclusively the question of the estimates, figured in the budget of receipts for the year 1855 at 891,756,0O5f. The budget of 1856, voted by you last year, estimated them at 929,699,000f. The receipts of 1855 attained for the old duties only 922,474,OOf. The new taxes voted in your last session, but as a temporary mzeasure only, have produced for part of the year 1855 33,000,000f., and will give for the whole year 1856 83,000,000f. It is on this certain basis that the estimates which are proposed to you for 1857 repose. It has, how. ever, appeared right to increase bya favourable estirate the yield of the duty on potable liquors, remaining however below the estimates admitted by the budget of 1856. In fact, we may hope that the accidental causes which have lowered the amount of that tax will not be reproduced in 1857. A similar observation has caused an increase to be set down in the receipts from the duty on the manufacture of native sugar. Finally, the normal increase in the proceeds of the tobacco duties has been taken into account, but without exceeding for 1857 the estimates of the budget of 1856. Thus, the total produce of the indirect taxes and revenues for the whole of the old and new duties will be set down in the budget of 1857 at 1,031,010,000f. " BUDGGET OF ]MPBESES. "The Budget of the year 1857 presents an increase of expenses of 96,770,636. The Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Public Works, and the Ministry of the Interior share unequally almost the whole of this increase. The credits accorded to the Ministry of Finance for the year 1856 are on the whole 771,79S,OOOf. The credits demanded for 1857 amount to 848,228,064f. There results for 157 anincreaseof expenses of 77,861,749f., partly compensated, however, by a reduction of 1,432,585f., and thus the increase is in reality 76,429,164f. In this augmentation the public debt alone figures for 52, 62,211f. The restitutions, negative values, and premiums on the exportation of merchandize are set down for a sumn of about 18,000,O0Of.; it is the exact amount of that expense, which, however, is not a real Xpense; but it has been thought right, from the experience of the last few years, to put it down at once at its veritable amount, which has never been done before. Then come the surrecillace of the cultivation and the increase in the manufacture of tobacco for more tban 4,000,WOOf., and finally a small augmentation in the exspense of collecting the taxes and revenues. The Ministry of Pablic Works receives a grant superior by 14,491,559f. to that of 1856; and 14,478,001f. of the increase arise from the engagements contracted by the State with the railway companies. The credits of the Ministry of the Interior increase by 3,979,140f. viz., 2,5G7,60Gf. for the departmnental, and 1,47i1,540f. for the general service. The first of these expenses is the necessary consequence of the special laws which have authorized extraordinary taxes. The second results princi. pally from the augmentation in the ordinary expenses, and the cost of conveyingprisoners condemned by the courts of law, and likewise of the extension of the telegraphic service. In fne, gentlemen, the comparison of the receipts and expenses presents a surplus of receipts of 15,417,348f. Tnat amount may appear small when compared with the toiaof supplementary credits which each year has seen produced, and against which the faculty of transfer from one Mnisterial departmont to another has not been hitherto, perhaps, a sufficient remedy. But the Government of the Emperor hopes more and more to restrict the supplementary credits, and to confine them to rare cases, that is to say, to wants really urgent and which could not have been foreseen. We may also hope that the real amount of the expenditure of the yea: having been at once truly stated, as is the case in the present instance, will enable us io make a still greater reduction in the supplementary credits. Finally, gentlemen, the stict evaluation of the estimates, as regards the receipts of the year 1857, warrants ourbeliefthattheresources of the yearoill, inpoint offact,exceed the estimates, and lead to that final balance of incom3 and expenditure which is the desired object of your efforts and of ours; a result, nevertheless, difficult of attainment, especially when our annual expenses comprise considerable sums devoted to great pubic works, fruitfulinvestments-in fact, ensuring future vealth, but weighing without compensation on the present time. "E. BOINVThIffS, President of the Section of Finance. "CAMILLE GODELLE, Councillor of State. "AD. VUI1RY, Councillor of State." The budget of 1857 may be thus briefly summed up:- Ordinary and extraordinary expenses ... 1,695,057,164 Ordinary and extraordinary ewipts . ... 1, ,474512 Surplus of reeipts ... ... ... 15,417,318 The ordinary expenses are ... ... ... 1,6n,493,164 T!ho ordinary receipts ... ... ... ... 1,709,345,226 | Leaving a surplus of ... ... ... 67,852,062 Extraordinary works ... ... 53,564,000 Extraordinary receipts ... . .. 1,129,286 Remainder ... ... ... ... 5,434,714 Ieaving a surplus of ... ... ... ... 15,417,348 as stated above. It must be borne in mind that, in the above figures of the budget, the exceptional expenses which the war necessitates are net included, such outlay being covered Only by means Of extraordinary resources. The resources in question are not set down in the receipts, any maore than the exceptional outlay is Among the expenses. Only a credit of 2,000,00f, is to be openled to the Xinistel of War to pay the zuilitary pensions of the year 1857." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 85o. fog hte end of the month; the Four-and-a-Hall per Cents. at 97f. Oc.; and the New Loan at 73f. 30c.; Orleans Railway mhares, 1,277f. )c; GreAt Northern, 990f.; Strisburg, 970£.; new shares, 820f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,260f.; Lyons tothie Medi. terranean, 1,5600.; Western of Franoe, 882E. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 770$. ; Great Central of Frace, 6 645f.; Lyons and Geneva, 765a.; Bank of Cr6ait I Mobilier, 1,580f.; Austrian Railways, 920$. I Coura ActueMqc.-PAs, March 5.-Cah Prioe.- Four-and.EaHalf per Cents. (not reimabursable for 10 years), 97f 96f. 75c. 50c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (40 per ceat. paid), 97. soc.; ditto Certificates (40 per cent. paid), 97f. D0C.; Three per Cents., 72f. 40c. 60c. 50c. 40c. 72f. 72f. 19c.; ditto second Loan of 1855( 40 per cent. paid), 72f. SOc. 73!.; ditto Certificates (40 peroent. paid), 72f. SOc. 73S ; Bank of France, 3,4.50f.; Credit oncier, 640!.; ditto Obhgations of 500f., Tenths, Four per Cents., 97L 50c.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000fW, Three per Cents., 930f.; Crddit Mobiler, 1,5901. 1,585!. 1,687!. 50c. 1,585f 1,580!.; Discount Bank, 650!.; Piedmnontege Five per Cents.. 90!.;ditto Three per Cents., 58!.; Portugulese Three per Cents., 89; Belgianl Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 9f- * tomans, 87; Spanish Interior Debt, 38. Exchange on Lonidon, at aight, msoney, 25!. 35c; three months, money, 24f. 92sc. THE MEDITERRANEAN. (1aM oM0 OWN COl}nEEPODMnFXT.) lARSEMLLES, MARcH 3. The French steamer Arago, of Havre, chartered by the French Government for the conveyance of troops and stores, arrived yesterday from the Crimea. She sailed from Eamniesch on the 6th, and Constantinople on the 17th of February, having on board 40D artillerymen from various regiments. She brought likewise the remains of a major of the waggon train killed at the capture of the MIalakhoff. Two men having fallen sick on the passage, the Arago was sent to the Frioul, to land them at the lazaretto there, and afterwards received pratique. The Arago is a ship of 1,500 tons, and is well calculated for the transportof troops. The artillerymen are in excellent health, and appear not to have suffered from the campaign in the East. They were much delighted to hear that they are to receive a medal from Queen Victoria for their services before Sebastopol. One of them remarked, that on this occasion there would be no jealousy excited among the men. The officers brought backl the horses they had tak;en vwith them from France. The frigate Marne lik-ewise arrived yesterday with military stores from Toulon. The steam packet Sinai, with the mails from Constantinople of the 21st ult., arrived ou Saturday. She brought 200 soldiers, all in excellent health. An officer and one private died of consumlption on the passage, but, as there was uo contagious disease on board, the packet was admitted to pratique without Edelay. The British steamer Lady Jocelvn, Captain Bird, arrived on Friday. She sailed from Constantinople the 15th inst., with 200 soldiers, and having in tow the transport Balance, with 2J0 military passengers. Those vessels, having invalids on board, were sent to the Frioul to land their sick and undergo a fumigation. They returned to M1arseilles in the afternoon and received pratique. The number of deaths in the lazaretto at the Frioul last week amounted to S0. A letter received this afternoon by a shipowier from one of his captains at Kamiesch, dated the 22d of February, states that the weather was intensely cold. Wine froze in his cabin, and he made two attempts the previous day to proceed from Xaniesch to the head-quarters of Mlarshal Pelissier, bat without success. This letter confirms the statements already published as to the great number of French troops in hospital, and adds that it is believed typhus fever was taken by the troops who first entered Sebastopol, and subsequently spread through the camp. Orders have been received here to prepare to embark 12,000 fresh troops for Constantinople. By some it is believed that those troops are intended to fill the vacancies in the army occasioned by death; and by others, that they are despatched to sapport the Sultan in carrying out the Hat-Houmnaioun, emancipating the Christian population, and to suppress any insurrectionary movement that may be attempted by the fanatical party. A letter f rom Toulon announces the departure for Constantinople of the ships of the line Trident, Marengo, Jupiter, Hercole, Jena, with the frigates Vengeance, IUranie Syrene. The trade has been dull in MI1&seilles during the last week, and the flatness has been increased by the suspension of payment of two houses hitherto con- idered respectable. Their engagements are said to sbe considerable. The following is the traffic in the port of Marseilles for the last 15 days of February -.There entered from foreign ports 16 FRench ships, measuring 4,601 tons; one American, three Sardinian, one Portuguese, one Columbian, and one Chilian, measuring 2,288 tons. Cleared out for foreign ports.-20 French ships, measuring 5,146 tons; seven American and one Swedish, measuring 4j922 tons. The following vessels engaged in the coasting trade entered the port :-257 FrenGh ships, measuring 30,905 tons, 9 British, 30 Sardinian 17 Spanish, 12 Neapolitan, 8 Tuscan, 1 Roman, 1 Turlish, 3 Greek, I Datch, 2 Swedish, 4 Austrian, 4 American, 2 Norwegian, and I Belgian, measuring 22,470 tons. Cleared out.-204French vessels, measuing 28,090 tons; 15 British, 31 Sardinian, 29 Spanish, 9 Neapolitan, 5 Tuscan, 4 Roman, 3 Aastrian, 3 American, 2 Dutch, 2 Swedish, 2 Greek, 1 Belgian, measuring 25,694 tons. AUSTRIA. (FROM OfIL 0WN OORE5OBIBOT.) VIENA, XArCH 2. You were long ago informed that the Sultan had granted a firman for the construction of a canal from Czermavoda on the Danube to Kostendje on the Black Sea, and some further authentic information willnow be given on the same subject. The bases of the concession are :-I. The concession is made to a company composed of Rifaat Pasha for Turkey; Mr. ThomasWilson, of 20, Glocester-square, Iondon, for England; Count de Momy, for France; and Count Breda, for Austria. 2. The compauy is to be constituted under the appellation of Imperial Ottoman Company of the-AbdulAMedjid CanaL 3. The concession is for 99 years. The Imperial Government wil never cease to be the proprietor of the soil ceded to the company, but during the 99 years the latter will hold possession of it without paying any other tax or impost than tha tribute mentioned in the 12th article. 4 and 5. The Imperial Government gratuitously cedes to the company all the territory required for the canal, which is to follow the course -that may seem most advantageous to the engineers of the companay. By "territory required for the canal" is understood-the ground for the canal itself, for carrying off the superfluous water, for towing-paths, guard-houses, magazines, and warehouses, bridges, andldoks, and houses for the employis. 6. The concession of 99 years dates from the day on which the canal is opened, and when the period for which the grant is made is at an end the canal, bridges, quays, docks, baslins, sluices, stations, &c., revert, to the Porte, which will have no indemnification to pay. 7. At each extremity of the canal there will be magazines and depots for corn and merchandise which the Porte, when the concession is at an end, will have to purchase of the company at a price to be settled by arbitration. It is, however, stipulated that the Porte shall, under no circumstances, pay more than 3,000,0001. sterling. " The Imperial Government gives to the company the right to deposit in the above-mentionedl magazines andl depots, and to withdraw from, and send back to the same, corn and other murchandize without being, subjeztel to any Cu3tb3as or taxes. It also grants to' the company the right to seild corn and merchandize, in transit, along the canal, and to remove corn and merchandize from one vesiseL to another, without paying any customs or taxes.+" IS. The company to have, gratis, the stone a'ni lime necessary for the constraction of the canal ;;n3I buildings, and any wood which may be required. at the most reasonable prices. 9. The company to pay no duty on the machines, tools, and materials requisite for cutting the canal and for forming the new port. 10. The company to form a new part in the Black Sea, which is to revert to the-Porte at the expiration of the term of 99 years. 11. A tariff of the prices to be paid to the company by vessels navigating the canal to be drawn up by the Porte and the company. It is expressly stipulated that the tariff shall be valid for all nations. 12. The Porte to receive an annual tribute of 10 per cent. on the net profits of the Company. 13. All mines, antiquities, and other objects which may be brought to light while the canal is being dug to belong to the Porte. 14. The territory ceded to the company for the canal,, &c., to be -used for no other purpose. 15. The company, as a corporation, to be subject to tho Turkish laws, but each individual in its employ to be protected by his own Goveranent. 16. All disputes between the Lmperial Government and the company to be settled by a. Mxed Court of Arbitration. 17. The company to be under the " surveillance of the Porte, which wll appoint an Imperial Comnissary, and such police as may be necessary for the maintenance of order." The Imperial Commissary is, however, mob to interfere in the private affairs of the oompany. 18. The Porte h'as the rig,ht to construct fortifications along the banks of the canal. No vessel of war, excepting those under the Turkish flag, will be permitted to enter the canaL 19. The statutes of the company to be submitted to the Porte for its approval. 20. If it shoufld be the question of a. railroad from the Danube to the Black Sea, the Canal Company to have the preference, if it accepts the terms and conditions offered to the other parties. 21. The net profits of the Company to be divided thus .-10 per cent. as tribute to the Porte; 75 per cent., pro rata, among the shareholders of the Company; and 15 per cent. between the five fonnders, Rifaat Pasha, Mr. T. Wilson, Count Mlorny, Count Breda, and. Mr. Forbe3 Campbell. 22. If the statutes of the company are not submited to the Porte within a year, and the canal commenced three months after they have been approved by the Turkish Government, the privilege is forfeited. Of the numerous pastoral letters published by the Austrian bishops after the conclusion of -the Concordat, the one which gave most satisfaction to the public was that written by M. von Haulik, the Archbishop of Agram. His address to his flocsk was most coniciliatory, and did equal honowr to his head and heart. As a reward for his moderatis and " patrioEsm," the Emperor has given the Right Reverend Father-in-God the Grand Cross of the Order of Leopold, and proposed him to tia Papal chair, as the so-called "Crown CardinaL." The Italian bishops, who take no notice whatever of the remonstrances of the Minister for Ecclesiastical Affiirs, have introduced their preventive censure, and two books with the " Admittiftrw of the Archbishop of Milan printed on the back of' the title-page have fallen into my hands; the: on¢ work is a praYer-book, and the other a tour through. the valleys on the frontiers of Lombardy. ltwa& yesterday decided. by the Emperor that a further reduction of the arnmy should be made, and it. is credibly relatedthat 3,000 officers are to be pensioned. His MIajesty the Emperor, and the Archdukes who accompanied him to Prague, must have returned to 'Vienna this. morning. Last night the Austro-Italan RPilroads passed from the hands. of the State. into thosee of the Italian nobles, and Messrs. Rothschild, Blamnt! Laing, and Talabot. The Credit Bank hss also ashare, but itisnotyet known: to what amount. For some reason or other theItalian railroads are not in favour with the moneyed world of Vienna. The o fsDczd,scle Post expressea. its astonishment that the Austrian Five per Cent. Metallics should be at 83.andthe 15nglish Uonsols ar 91; but the Austrian peper chooses to forget that England pays her way as she goes, while Anstria& has for many a long year had a tremendous deficit, and that in spite of numerous loans. When the disondered state of the Austrian finances is considered, it is truly astonishing that since the 16th of February the preminam on silver has fallen from 12 to 3; per cent., and the Five per Cents. risen from 73 to 83. It is related that Baron Bruck is to be raised to. the rank of Count, and to receive a "dotation" from the State. The premium oa the Credit Bank shares was 81 per cent. this morning. Credit Banks are likely to be established at Munich and Augsburg. Madame Ristori, who, left for Paris last night, was accompanied to the Tailway terminus by a detachment of her (Italian) admirers. It is the question of the establishment of a. national Servian bank- at Belgrade. The .Xalisch correspondentofthe ksterreichiscfieZcituiilj assertS that Russia "will not aceept the proposals of the Western Powers relative to the Aland Isles and. Kars." The particular attention of the diplomatic worlia of the west is called to the following extract from the Agram azee .- " A Turkish subject of the Sutorina not long since built a boat in which lhe intended to fih in the port which is between Castelnuovo and the spit of Ostro. General Baron von Iamula came to satisfy himself of the existence of the boat, and to prohibit the use of it, as the Turks have neither a right to communicate with the sea, nor to build or kIeep boats in those waters. It is trne that the barque was small, but it would have been unwise to grant to the Turlks a right which they do not possess." THE BALTIC. (FoRM on o- OWN0SPONDMu.) HAM1BUL G, UARCH 4. 'The Euryalus steani frigate, of 51. guns, CaptaiG. Ramsay, arrived at Kiel in the course of yesterday, and joined the Imperieuse, the arrival of which ship has been already reported. SARDIA. (FoRM our. OWN OORESPoMDxc.) TUBIN, M&lcE 2. To-day Sir James Hudson, acmompanied'by GenerAl Stanhope and ColonelRead, inspected the 2d regimoent of the Anglo-ItalianLegion at Susa, commandlea by LIeutenant-Colonel De Horsey. The regiment mustered upwards of 1,000 strong. The menhave not yet received their full-dress clothing, and therefore of course d di not create such an imposing effect as they otherwise would have done, but their generrl appearance and steadiness under arms seemed to give great satisfaction, as did also the cleanly state of the barracks and hospital. The steam transport Great Britain arrived at Genoa last evening for the conveyance of the Legion to MIalta, and when the intelligence was communicated to-day to the 1st and 2d Regiments that they were, in consequence, to hold themselves in readiness for immediate embarcation, the announcemeit 'was received vith evident pleasure, such as would have cauedl dismay to those who have wasted their time lately in endeavouring to seduce these men from thleir duty could they have witnessed it. The Great Britain will probably take aboUt 1,600 of the Ist and 2d Regiments in her first trip, and then return for thee remainder and the It~ seems to me that the article quoted establishes arih of free part.'
PARLIHEN2ARY JOTICES. HOUSE OF OOXMONS. THUESDAY. MACM 6- -No- n O F MOfl;OaN -Id an i -LO ast whether it is the intention of the Goy=rment duED the present SeseKion, to introduoe se measare ai£ectng lifei- *U=letcomr ni i ontte,hlhe oreminty withh t5 ereoommendation of the SeethaOmnsoittee icrDotduotbssajcinI853. th Mr. Otway,-To ask the President of the Board of Ontrol mhether he has taken the opinion of the law officers of the Crown as to the correct interpretation of the M4thsection of the act 3d 'WDlim IV.. clap. 85; and 'whetber he wll saLnetion an indefiite expenditure fromthe revenues of India in the prosecution of a snt in this countrye smch as may be entailedLath gwLramtee given by the directors of the East India C-omPLnyto . Prinsep. one of their bDody, and a legatee mnder the aleged 'will of M.r. lijee Sombre, for al expense incurred ayi i re cyo Sombre.' Mr. Hume,-To ask whetlher iM Goveamn hz in cotempl&tion any measure thxis session for the red,instibution of the police force in the oDunties of Ireland. r. E. BaII.-To ask whether it is the intentionof Her Maeity' Government to ntrduceabili inthepresent session of Rarliaments fiigogpwert() theE B owtf Tade, in case of uaylne of railwa iht maybe reported unsafeby their off] to order all yecesiuy-works tobe done for the safeyof t,he puba the expeuse of such raUlw company, and &thatthe oertificate of the Board of Trade's engineec abalentitiethepartybat done amchworks to inesiediate pzymvnt for the same from such rallavcompany. fr. Baxter-To ask if the paplrs relating to Central America |asJairewill belIid on thetable of£the house bef ore Easter. Eorsfall,-To ask whether any comlmiioner hasbeen sent, oria intended tobe sent, to inuire into therepeated complaint ewbichbaver been made on the par. of a large body of the officers of Her M,aesWiy Cudoms at liverool of insdeqoate remtueration for their seioes. Mr HumphreyBrown,-To ask why the letters per James B i, [A usalian mail packetship, azi g of£ the Mersey on Saturday night,- were not dehvered in London before Wedneeda. Sir I Stracey,-To ask the President of the rd of Wor5k if the easors of property in Queen-square and those on that side of the rScair-walk, apprehending a depreciation of their property in the event of a rord and bridge being carried across St. Jamees.Park, will zeceive compensation if tat ilan be carried out. Si ak whet&er a claim made for the pay a4 uedal of a soldier who fought St Aim, antdvho isbelievedtohaye been present with bis regiment at Iulermann, and reported to baTe died before Sebastopol on the 7th of November 15, has been refused, on the ground that the soldier isof illegitimate birtls Mr. 'Cann,-To ask if there is any intention to orderaFurveyof the morh-re oost of Irelcnd, with a view to provide a harbour oe refuge for Tessels . that coast. Lord J. H uOMc,-BR5olntion on Educeaione Mr. Heywood,-Address to Her Majesty. praying that she wi be graciouslypleased to withhold Her MajestyWs approbation from Ihe regulationsandordinances recently sauctionedby the OxfordCommis sioners, and lmid before Parliament, for the amendmeut of the statutes of Exeter, Lincoln, and Corpus Chrijuti Colleges, in the IUniyersityDf inmnY pinie incon.- Sint J. ede .-TO t c i r ttention to the claiia s ofn the E od oerd a n- msn on Her cohetes tGoxernf en tofor e5t,53h being the balanhe oE the expendbture by the Goverminat of Ineimdorgrtdof the eexper diton oCisu. ndt th crr~ndnceonthe subject lad be!oro theHoure In May, 1854e.anwy 2z Mr.*BackWsburn,-BiU to xenz the provnsion of the Piia and Mr. Heyrood.opies of minutes and resolutions of the Oxford lnmrer5ity Comminiioners, relating toUhe regulations and ordicanees of Exeter, Lincoln, and Corpus Christi Colegesz, Osford, recently laid before Parliament. MEr. Grogan,-Return showing the nunmber of pauper relieved ra the 5 imions referred to in Paclisnenutsy paper NRo. 22,, 'D o£ 1855; And similar return for ill unions inwhich the number of paupers relieved in the earsending the29th of Septemb,r, 18S land 1855, respectively. sha not have amountedtoll,OD(. Mir.AchlbdHastie,-Eetum of the annual ncome received by tbe board of trustees formanufacturesin Sotlandfor the last fide oyear the 31st of Deoenrber,1855. Mr. Archibald Hastie,-Return of aricles imorted from and exportedtoAustralia for six reams ending Jan. 5, 1l56. 3r. HL Vivian.-ACOOunt of the quantities of coals, cindem, and culm and patent fuel shipped at the several portsofEngland, sootland, and Ireland, coastways, to other ports of the united kingdom, in the yearl8SF. Judgments Execution, kc. BiD,-Serond reading. Oat-Pensioners (Greenwich and Chelsea) Bill,-Committee. Marine Mutiny BilL-Third reading. Itutiny Bill,-Third reading. Consolidated Fumd t£86,tO,OtQ) BilU.-Committee,
R LATIONS OF THE UVITED STATES WITH I EYGLAND. (From the ANho York Journau of Commerce.) The remriks of Lord Clarendon, Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Fozeign Afairs, in the British House of Lords, in reply to the stritures of the Earlof lerby on the Queen's Speech, are of the most conciliatory nature in reference both to the conistruction of the CGaytonBulwer Treaty and to the reclamations of the United States for alleged violatiorn of its laws by British recruiting agents in this country. In respect to the former, he states that the Government of Great Britain has now, for the second time, offered to submit the interpretation of the treaty to the arbitration of any neutral third Power, and to be bound by the arbitrator's decision; and he expresses the reasonable hope that the United States wiU yield its consent to so eqaitable a proposition. -On the enlistment of recruits for the Crimea in .Anerica, the language of the British Minister is not less temperate and forbearing. The movement was suggested by the application of foreign residents here, who asked the privilege of joining the army before SebastopoL While arrangements were made for the rendezvous of such as wished to enlist at Halifax, lMr. Crampton was instructed that his Governmentwas more solidtous to avoid derogating from the sovereignty of the United States than anxious to obtain recruits; and when the opening of agencies for the information of such as wished to proceed to the British provinces to enlist, elicited the animadversion of this Government, the movement -was promptly abandoned, and the United States' Secretary of State accepted the explanation of Mr. Crampton in accordance with. these facts as satisfactry. Lord Clarendon added that, though the correspondencehadnotbeen of the most amicable nature, yet, as his Government had throughout disclaimed all intention of infringingupon our laws, and the transactions were bygone, there was hope of a peaceful soltion. Re sustained Mr. Crampton against the charge of either intentionally or acccidentally violating laws of the United States; and his strong language in this'connexion may be supposed to have had reference to what he spoke of as the latest American demand, received but two days before, and which, it is supposed, asLed the recall of Mr. Crumpton and the British consuls in the ports of New YorL-, Philadelphia and Cincinnati. The offer to referthe dispute to the arbitration of a disinterested Power presents a ready mode of settling it, and one to which a party confident in the justice of his cause might be expected to yield assent. That is probably the view taken of it by our Government, for it would appear that the President had not taken the responsibility of refusing that proposition, but only delayed a reply in the expectation, it may be conjectured, that diplomacy would effect an arrangement without making any other resort necessary. If, however, the proposal to refer the matter had been received at Washington at thne commencement of this year, it is difficult to reconcile the language of the President's Mfessage -with the supposition that the Admijnistration contemplated its acceptance even alternatively, after all the resources of negotation should have been exhausted. That languae affiris the correctness of the construction contendedfor by this Government, ancd a resolation, to insist on the rights of the United States, and distinctlyexpresses apprehension of an issue "involving in serious danger the friendly relations which it isthe interest as well as the duty of both countries to cherish and preserve." Such an issue could not be anticipated in contemplation of a reference by the result of which both parties should be bound. But, if this proposition of the British Government had not been received at that time, its presentation and renewal within the brief period of six weeks indicates a sincere solicitude on the paxt of that Power for a pacific and amicable settlement. Lord Clarendon represents the offer to be still pending; and, if the United States' Governsment leaves it yet unanswered, it maybe safely inferred that the hesitation of the Administration results rather from the perplexity which so many practicable modes of terminating the controversy have produced, and a wish to select that which promises best for the interests of the country, than from any determination lookingto itsultimate and absolute rejection even as thealternative of war. I'ronthe tone of the more influential portion of the British press, it is probable that the Government of Great Britain would concede all we claim under the treaty in return forthe expulsion of the Filibusters from Nicaragua, and it may be that it would itself undertalke to perform that service. We have indications from the same quarter that the abrogation of the reaty itself would be readily assented to as a settlement of the difficulty, and we regret to perceive a disposition in this country, from the discussion in the United States' Senate, and from an article which we have already noticed in the Washington Union, to look upon this as an acceptable solution. We cannot but regard the treaty, with its guaranteeof the neutrality of the transit route at all times, whether in warorpeace, as too valuable an acquisition fur us to yieliL without the prospect of another cenvention at least as efficacious to securethat object. But, eitherfromthe arbitration of a. friendlyPower, orfrom theproposedrestoration of the native Government in Nicuragua, we anticipate a satisfactory termination of thistedious controvenr-y Perhaps it would he as well, in case of reference, to submit to the arbitrator the question of damages resulting from the loudly complained. of infringement of our neutral laws bv the Briish recraiting agents. Great Britain has from the first, accordingto Lord Clarendon's official declaration, disclaimed all intention of violating our laws,; and, when reques'ed, she studiously refrained from prosecuting what she conceived. to be a legal and inoffensive practice within our limits, But, if atonement must be exacted for an offence innocently perpetrated, with no resulting injury to this Government orpeople, why not let the mneasure and mode of the vindication be determined also by a neutral party, and have the whole of our controversies 'with a nation 'with 'whose interests our own are inexticably involved quieted and ended wvithout further irritating discussion 7
AGIicuLrTRmE IN ENG,LAn).-Yesteraay, at tbh Society of Ats, Prince Albert, the president, in the chair, a per -was rcad by Mr. C. W. loak-yns on the progress of UTgisl agriculture during the Is 15 years. It co'i.mcnced by stating that less than a century ago this country, the averane imports of which were now 2,OO0,0" quarters annually, was doing a,, large trade as an ex. porter of corn. Durig the present century there had been an addition of rather nmore tlan S,500,000 of acres. to the cultivated land. The foreign supply of wheat did not amount on the average to thrce weeks' consimnp. tion. About tho year 1S40 four distinct elements of new resourcc were opened np-rt, tle introduction of the use of guano; secondly, the publication of the works of Liebig; thirdly, tlo establishment of the Royal Agricultural S ociety of England; and. fourthly, the introduction of an improved system of drainage. Those newvagricultural resourceos were discussed by Mr. Hoskyns. He particularly d^welt upon tho advantages of proper drainage, arl& then referred to the i3mprovements made in arVicIlt.ual iniplenients. Every improvement, however, loo said was, witi the exception of the clod-crusher, addressed to light land culture. If the farmer of the clays had but an itnileinent that would work night and day durinF those cr'itical sis seek of September and October, after hi's grim was harvested. and before the ~evemnber foss aNed rains .et in, hewould indeed be beholden toechanicaskill but the want of this left him often overtaken by the app aeh of winter, wfith many a task iunfinished that ea.ne vFith re-. doubled pressure oipon the hurried days of spring time:. Ile believed this mechanical difficuxlty c ould be ovrelin-e, ar) that it was wForth the efforts not only of a eoinpanr, hut of a nation. With its aecomplishuett England au.Sit ah that ene4ou rth to its wheatt crep.
PABLIALE.fTNAY ZY-TSBLLENCE. 'HOUSE OF COVMXONS, w-IWAY, MARH 5. The House met at 12 o'clok. The Colne Valley and l14steal Railway BiU and the Kstt Railway Bil re-eadh d aasecond time. Petitions were presented in lfsour of the abolitionof clurch-rates by Sir W. {LA, from deputations of the three denomimations, Inaependents, Presbyterians, and Baptists; and from a Baptist ongregation, Shoreditch; 7fom tiihabitants of Aberoeom, and of Bromley; and from the Congregational Thriuon of England and Wale; by Mr. Gwmv, from Penryn, CeraLwall; by Mr. PssLnrrPs, from the inhabitants of flavrfordwest and the inhabitants of Naxberth; by Mx- HA lxi=-, from members ef the religious Society of Friends in Great Britain, and 325 inhabitants of TnblridgE-wells in Kent; by Mr. H. G. I-ANGTON, from the Society of Friends, Bristol; by Mr. BELL, from the parishf St. Nicholas, Droitwich; by Mr. BRA&YsToY, from the Saciety of Friends at Chelmsford; by Mr. GBEPnx,- from the religiols Society of Friends in lancaster; by Mr. G_.FELL, from Windsor; by Mr. BASS, from the congregation of Victoria-street Chapel; Derby; by Mr. Wmn;ecou, from the Society of Friends of Southiampton; and by Mr. MALL, from theinhabitants of Roade, Korthuasptorx; from the pairish of Christchurch, london; from Setton, Lincoln; from Herne Bay, Klent; Yad Wimborne-Minste- - Petitions against the abolition of church.rates were presented by Lora J. NnEs, from the clergy and laity of Holy Txinity, the clergy and laity of All Saints, Colchester; aite Cergy andsitty of Jacobston, county of Devon; by fr. EVanvr, from Guildford, Surrey; by hlr. R. Pnmnaos.z, from Blyth, Bocking, Bawtry, Saffron WValden, tho archdeaconry of Wdis, numerowsly signed- and from 54 x:lergsme and 50layrmen of the county o~ Leicester; by 2fr HOrSFAL, from Walton-on-the-Rill, Lancashire; by Mr. KE}::-DALL, from the inhabitants of Bst and West Looe 'in the ceunty of Cornwall by Mr. Gwvrs- from the clergy of the rural-deanery -c Neatb, Glamorganshire, and from the inhabDitants of Resolven, Glamorganshire; and by Sir H. STRACEV, fzom te mnagistrates, bankers, lawyers, farmers, ac., in tie huncied of 1)iEs. - Petitions agaid opening laces of amusement on the SundaywerepresentedbyMir BATEsoN, from Moira; byMxr. W. Loc aRT, from the Free Church congregations of East 3ilbride, Chryston, and Shettleston, in Lanarkshire; by Mr. Gnams-, from Cockerham; by Mr. DEEDES, from Boughasm, in Kent - by Mr. D. JTo-Es, from the inhabitants of Llandovery,andtheparish of laaudingat,Carmarthenshireby M T. -Txsc, from the Presbyterian congregation of BflIykelly, county of Derry; bg Mr. C. FORSTEF, from the - minister, csthurtlardens, adother ihabitants of St. Peter's district, Walsall; and by Mr. Dunlop, from the -Flree Churche ongregation of Innillan, Argyllshire. Petitions wsere also presented by lMr. C. FORSTER, from certainof the medical practitioners of Waisall, in favour of * the Medical Bill; by Mr. E. BALL, from Mfr. F. Lilly, sur- geon, Wisbeach, to the same effect; by Mr. SPOONER, from the ruzal dean and clergy of the deanery of Solyhull, county of Warwick, for more just assessment of tithe rentcharge to arochial rates; by Mr DuiLor, from the workers at Levern factories, Renfrewshire, for regulation of wnicensed brokers; by M. W. LOCKHART, from certain warehousemen in Glasgow, to the same effect; by Mr. T. JoNEs, freo the Presbytery of Glendermot, praying the Scotch law which prevents publichouses from being opened en Sundavs may be extended to Ireland; by MIr. BATESON, from Pertstewart, county of Derry, and from Newtown Breda, coenty of Down, to the same effect; by Mr. BRE - s'ros, from the clergy of the deanery of Billericay, against the present mode of assessing tithe rent-charge;* and by Sir J. CARNAAY, from the medical practitioners of Lyniington, Hampshire, in favour of the Medical Profession BilL. CBEXOH-RATES ABOLITION BILL. Sir -. CLAY, in moving the second reading of this bill, tDbserved that, with the exception of one particular, it was identical in its scope and object, and almost in its terms, with the bill he introduced last session and carried through a second reading. The subject to which it referred was important, not only for the amount of annual taxation in-volved, but particularly for its bearing on the great pri.- c iple of civil and religious liberty. He thought it quite unmecessary for him now to repeat the arguments urged for the abolition of church-rates, or to advert to the replies - given to those arguments; for on this great question the -verdict of the public had been pronounced, as was shown by the increasing preponderance of public opinion in favour of a change in the law. In fact, the arguments on the sabject were exhausted; but, were it not so, the progress of events had rendered all further reasoning inapplicable to the present state of affairs; for the secent decision of the House of Lords in the Braintree case had altered the whole aspect of the question. Let the House consider the position in which the country was placed by that memorable decision. The people were absolutely, in respect to this matter, living under a twofold system of law. In a great portion of the country, comprehending some of its largest and most important towns, the church-rate had been virtually abolished; and in the rest of the kingdom the law was contested, or, where it was now sabbitted to, contests were inevitably impendingcontests most unseemly, separating friends and neighbours, and producing strife and animosity between the professors of a common faith, among whom only peace should exist. Sometimes the opponents, at other times the supporters, of church-rates were victorious, and the triumph Of one party produced in the mind of the defeated a sullen discontent and an abiding sense of oppression and wrong, -which occasionally led either to absolute breaches of the peace, or toasubmissionscarcelylessinjuriousto theinterests of the church and religion. He would refer to one out of the many cases where the seizure of goods for church-rates had led to scenes of disorder. The hon. baronet here read the foLowing account of a disturbance attendant on a seizure mnade at Neath:- "On this, as on previous occasions, porters were hired; but they evidently did their woTk most reluctantly. The trophies borne off from Mir. Ree's dwelling were four armchairs These the porters carried for some distance amid thegibesand hootings of the crowd, accompanied by the iring off of pistols and small guns. On reaching the market gates, the porters fairly abandoned their load in pure -disgust. At least half an hour now elapsed before the police -rould find any party to convey the seized goods to their destination. 'The furniture taken from Mfr. lFee's premises was six chairs, some handsome dish covers, and a coppor -;ea kettle. They must be sold by auction, but the difficulty will be to find an auctioneer, as we have been informed that -more than ' one man of business' in that line has positively -.efused to have anything to do with the matter. Let the auction come when it may we expect a rich scene." -He (Sir W. CLay) was not defending those who resisted the law, but he maintained that it was anunfortunate and disgrsceful state of the law when the sympathies of the people, -from their instinctive sense of justice, were not with those who obeyed, but with those whoviolated the law. Notwithstanding the occasional triumphs of the advocates of churchi-ates, it turned out that these triumphs were barren, for they produced nothing. It appeared from a return, in reference to 238raral parishes, that in 109 no rates were proposed; and that in 99 out of the remaining 129 parishes, sates were carried, but payment was refused in 66 of -them, and only enforced in 14 of those 66; so that the result was, that only in 47 of the 238 parishes had sates been really made and collected. The feeling was Almost.universal, both without and within the walls of Parliament, that the law could not exist in its present state, 2nd in proof of this he mentioned that a bill on the subject Lad been-introduced by the Archbishop of Canterbury into 4he House -of Lords, while other biUs had, in the present Fear, been-brought into the Iouse of Commons. Lastyear, Also, convocation took up the question, andtheir report was in favour. of very considerable changes in the law. One thousanafive'hundred petitions, signed bv 150,000 persons, and .other.etions from 3,000 congregations, praying for a repeal.of the la, were presented last session. the present siession, if comparatively fiew etitions had been addressed to the iHose 'by tese parties, it was not on account of any 4imiTnumtion -of interest on the sabject, but because they felt that the law could not remain as it was at present. 'It -therefore only remained to consider what change should be made, and whether the abolition of the sates should be with or without compensation. S&veral attempts-had been made to effect a change without abolition. The main principle of the bill introduced by the Archbishop of Cantereury for this purpose was that, many pnigh where for two years no church-rate had been levied, a monition should be sent from the ordinary to the schurchwardens, dizecting them to caU a vestry for the pirpose~of prsposing achurch-rate, and, if the rate were efused by t.wo successive vestries, a citation should be ismed frtom the occlcsiastical courts, calling on the churchwardesis to shew cause why henceforward church-rates should not he ahoiished; and, if due cause should not be shown, then thatnruroi-rates should be abolished in that lxrist. The bffll -of -the hon. member opposite (Mlr. IL Daies) divide! the xates into two arts-that -which related to the expenses of ministratfon in the church, ard that w-ich was reqxired for the expenses of the fabric, and whie it .aolished. the former portion it provided that the latter should -ll be -lecied. This agreed substantially with the recmanendation of the Committee of Convocation whici last year took the subject into consideration. ast came that proiect which declared that all persons declaring their conscietioug dissent from the established chlirch should be relesced Ifmsm payane.t of the rate. In considering these plans, those chprovidea forthe merely partial and local abolition of the rate might be summarily dismissed. They would give no satisfactisn to either party, asnd if adopted, would be found impracticable. The plan Tor giving relief to Dissenters had met *ith no general isupport either from Churchmen or NonconfCa=ists; for it a'as generally believed that tie efifct v it would be to engender hypocrisy and fmaud asd to prolong the dissensions wiich h3d already been ecied. Of all the changes proposed short of abolition, that proposed by ihe Archbishop of Canterbury- was the most Lfswy and strai tforward. It acknowledged-the necessity of abolition, hut there was against it the gre abjection that it would estelaish two different systems i law. The iain principle of the bill, too, that in parishes where the majority were in favour of the rate it should continue to be levied WaS esentially unsound and urA constitutionaL The principle of accepting the decISion of a mnajority rested in tis-that the mej3orsty and the minority had an equal interest in the sub. ject underconsideration, and it never could have been a part of th2 p rnciple of a free G;overnment that thexi7ajority should have the power of tari,ng a minority for their owvn7benefit on7,y, (ear, hear.) Snup pose, in levyingagas-rate, the ma. ~onity who had cn:,id therate <ould also insist On a con- dition to the effect that it should only be employed in thatpatof t en in which the majority livedhiowv unjust and tyanical that wrould be thou,ght; but that was exactly the NsraUel case to forcing a minority to pay church-rates. Ofellthe lana short of total abolition 'wnch he had yet seen^, and he had had dozens sent to hia-he had rever net withone which would not actuall be more obnoxious in practice than the existing system. Then came the questioia, 'could there be abolition without an equinvalent ? In a biiL which he had introduced on a former o6casion, he had proposed as a substitute for church-rates the surplus revenue of the Ecclesiastical and Capitular Estate Coumissioners, but he found there was a growing indisposition in the country so to apply,this surplus. It was thlought that the best mode of disposing of it -would be to apply it to the moral and religious instruction of the peop e. tHear, hear.) It was argued, moreover, that there was no good ground why the members of the church of Englana, any more than the members of any other community, should be exempted from the expense of maintaining their own places of religious worship in good repair; and for these reasons he had not inserted in his bill any provision to appropriate this surplus to supply the deficiencies which would be created by the abolition of church-rates. The only mode of solving the question, he thought, would be found embodied in his bilL It provided for the abolition of all church-rates, saving only those cases in which money bad been charged under the existing law. upon the rates, and saving also the life-interest of those persons whose incoles had been similaTly charged on the rates. It preserved the power of the office of churchw.rden;* for he had been most careful not in anv respect to alter the ancient rights, imnunities, and pri - e.es of the vestries. The chuhwardens weuld have thesaume powers and the same responsibilities as at present. He had been told that there was an apprehension that, if churchrates wero abolished, the funds contributed by private subscription might be interfered with and miismanaged by Dissenters - but he had effectually guarded against that by providing for the appointient of auditors, who would be elected from the pewholders and the adult male communicants of the congreration-the incunbent also being onewhose sanction would he necessary before any funds could be expended, and by 'whom also the accounts of the churchwardens 'wouldbe audited. He had mitted from his biU the permissive provision with regard to pew rents which it contained last year- Not that he saw any objection to it himself, but he understood that many people objected to it, and as he did not hold to it very much he had given it up. The only objection which bethought 'worthy of consideration was that, in case of the abolition of church-rates, there were parts of the country in which the churches would be in danger of faling to decay. He nassed by as idle words all about the church being a nation church. Great and ancient as she was, she was not a national church in the sense in vhich she alone could be entitled to levyrates upon those who were not of her communion. Like our other ancient institutions, she enjoyed no immunity from criticism, and she possessed no power which ought to exempt her from reform. (Hear, hear.) He could scarcely believe in the possibility of any one attaching any real weight to the argument that there 'was a danger of churches faling into decay if the rates were nolongerlevied, and he was afraid it was only a veil to cover that reluctance to part with Power which was one of the most deepseated feelings of the human mind. The history of the church during the present century showed the complete fallacy of the argument. In the first 30 years of the present century 500 churches were built at a cost of 5,000,0001., f which 1,152,0441., or 35 per cent., was contributed by the Government, and 1,847,9361., or 65 per cent., fron private sources; but in the next 20 years 2,089 churches were built at a cost of 6,087,O01., of which no less than 5,575,6161., or 91, pr cent., was contributed from private sources. (Hear.) Not a single instance had yet been cited of any church going into decay in consequence of the refusal of a church-rate, while, on the contrary, many cases could be cited where the abolition of the rate had tended to stimulate the prosperity of the church. The supposition was, that in some of the poorer parishes in the country churches would go to decay without a churchrate; and, strange to say, this argument was put forward along with the assertion, that in most of the rural parishes there was quite a strong feeling in favour of church-rates and a willingness to bear them; but his answer to this, as a Churchman, was, that if Churchmencouldnot maintain the fabrics which had been handed down to them by their forefathers without forcibly exacting a paltry contribution from those who never entered their doors, then the church of England ought to sinl. If her hold on her followers was so slight she deserved to falL (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for Bridgewater (Mr. Follett) in the debate of last year advanced the argument that this was only the first step towards the destraction of the constitution of the church, and in support of that he quoted the following words of the noble lord the member for the city of London on this subject:- "We have a national church; we have an hereditary aristocracy* we have an hereditary monarchy; and all these things stand together. Iy opinion is, too, that they would decay and fall together. I must therefore oppose this bill, as, in my opimnon, tending to subvert one of the great institutions of the State." The noble lord the member for the city of London had done more than any man for the cause of civil and religious liberty, and the triumph which was at hand on this questTon would be dimmed if he did not share in it ; but no man had laid the axe to the root of the constitution so often as the noble lord had. On four several occasions, according to the vaticinations of hon. gentlemen oppsite, had he destroyed th constitution-wELhe Passed the Test and Corporation Act, when he assisted topass Catholic emancipation, and wvhen he passedthe Reform Act, andthe Municipal Corporations Reform Aet~, to say nothing of his efforts to destroy the prosperity and glory of the country by aiding in the abcoliton of the Cozn Lavs. The-country, however, had come out from each attack more flourishing than before. The British constitution was a hardy plant, and would not be injured by the amputation of its rotten branches- Duis ut ilex tonsa bipennibus *1 * * .* * "Per damna, per ciedes, ab ipso " Ducit opes animuinque ferro." He should not be deterred by any fears of this sort. As for injuring the church, he firmly believed that the abolition of church-rates would be a service to her. They were an encumbrance to her, and when freed from them she would start forwfard reinvigorated on a fresh career of prosperity. Some step must be taken, the matter could not be left in its present position. The question had passed through the stages in whichcompromise was possible; and he believed that that which he Proposed was the only mode by which a final settlement could he effected. Such a settlement would produce permanent, universal, and complete peace, and would substitate harmony and union for the unseemly contests which were at present of too frequent occurrence. (Hear, hear.) Lord J. hANNEIS moved that the bill should be read a second time that day six months. He never had more confidence in the justice of any cause than he had in that of the oppositiontothisbilL The bilwasintroduced inthespecious name of civil and religious liberty, and proceeded to legislate in a manner which was at variance with the first principles of justice and good faith. (Hear, hear.) The only grievance that ever had been or that could be alleged was, that certain persons who dissentedfromathe doctrine and disciplne of the church of England werecompelled to contribute to themaintenance of its fabric and the sustentation of its services. This bill did not merit the approbation of the House as a remedy for that grievance, upon the fullest, frankest, and broadest acknowledgment of which he based his opposition to the measure. (Hear.) In it there was not a word about that grievance, but by the enacting portion of it a real iniustice was done to all Churchmen. (Hear.) The logical remedy for the grievance would have been to exempt Dissenters from the contribution, and at the same time to debar them from enforcing any claims to participation in the services of the church, the ministrations of its clergy, or the management of its funds. (Hear, hear.) There might be differences of opinion as to what would be the effect of such a settlement, and upon that point he would then give no opinion, but he maintained that it was the only logical remedy for the grievance which was complained of, andha~tio 'which, ha hEe cand&dly and fairly stated that grievance, the hon. baronet could not have avoided coming. (Hear, hear.) :Let the House examine the nature and provisions of this bill. reeling the weight of what had been urged in former debates that' he had no right to sacrifice the 700,0001. a-year now received for the maintenance of the fabric of the church without providing some substitute for it, the right hon. baronet had denominated his bill, " A bill to abolish church-rates," as it undoubtedly was, "and to mak, other provisions in lieu thereof." (Hear.) A provision ought, he imagined, to he somethinl on which you could calculate beforehand, hut how could tfie hon. baronet calculate upon the charitable donations of individuals which was the only provsion contemplated by this bill s ("H ear bear," and a laugh.) In the preamble the hon. baronet entirely abandoned the only ground which could justify legisation of this sort-the ground of grievance, and proceeded upon grounds of expediency only. He put forward two pleas. The first was, that in many places churchrates had for some years ceased to be enforced. This seemed pro tto to weigh against the necessity for this bill * for, if church-rates were not levied, the Dissenters could have no grievance, althouh Churchmen rmight complain that their not being levied threw additional and unfair burdens upn the m3em'ers of theestablished church. (Hear, hear.) The other plea was that in other parishes where church-rates had been lad, the levying of them had led to litigation and ilfeeling. In neither of these pleas was there any reference to the grievance under which Dissenters were, in some of the petitions upon the subject, stated to suffer. From that ground for legislation the hon. baronet had in his preamble entirely dearted. Could, however the existence of litigation and il feelingjutify a measure wfiich would abolish at once and for ever that provision which, having been attached to the tenure of real property, had for immemorial ages secured to the poor of this land the right, and the exercise of the right, of freely worshipping Ahmighty God? (Hear, hear.) It was trne that durilg the last half-century there had been the Braintree case and several others relating to church-rates; but in any other branch of the law he would undertake to findstill morelitigation. Let the House look, for instance, at the numerous eases which had arisen out of the law of settlement and that of ratmg. The hon. baronet -had referred to one or two instaces in which il feeling had been excited, and had made these the foundation of the alle"ation contamedin the pre,amble of this bill, that much ill feeling was the result of the present system. Of course, wiltn one portion of the community had power to tax another which was opposed to the taxation, there must be more or less ill-feeling excited in the minds of the minority. Such a result seemed to him to be inseparable from a system of local self-government; but this had not prevented Parliament giving this power of taxation for various puroses. Dungthe last session the hon. mnember for Dumfzies (Mr. Ewart) had obtained its asse,nt to £ meaAur to enable i uWipaltie toW t*,5 DIeM- selves for the formation of libraries; and the meeting upon this subject which was held in the city of London was, with the exception of railway meetings, the stormiest of; which he had ever read an accounat. Were no power to be allowed to exist which might excite ill feeling, the hon. member for Dtanfries ought at once to procure the repeal of this measure. The hon. baronet having abandoned m this bil the grounds of therights of conscience, and having set up instead the two pleas of litigation and ill feeling, the Eouse. must discuss the question upon those pleas, and must not abrogate an ancient and immemorial law wrhich had pro-. duced, and was, in 19 parishes out of 20, still producie g, much benefit, without fair balancing the good against the evil which umiht have resulted fron it. He would now, following the example of the hon. baronet, briefly call the attention of the House to theprovsions of this bilL. The irst clause abolished church-rates ascneatly and a concisely as it ats possible for it to be done; and not only did it relieve D)issenters fronm these rates, but it prohibited their payment by Churciunen. There had been presented to that HIouse 200 petitions from persons paying these rates, subject to which they had acquired their property, praying that they might not be abolished; and yet the hon. baronet proposed to compel these petitioners against their will to exempt their propertvfromthisimmemorialimpost. (Hear,, bear.) This was no light matter. His noble friendthe member for King's Lynn (Lord Stanley) bad stated, without being contradicted, that of the 700,0001. annualy raised by church-rates, 600,000. were paid by Churchmen; yet all these payments the hon. baronet proposed, without any allegation of grievance, entirely to abolish. hnd whabt did be give to the memnbers of the church as an equivalentv The right of subscribing for the maintenance of the fabric of the church and the sustenta. tion of its service, which he said he had some doubtU whether they now possessed. Being unlearned in the law; be (hord'J. Manners) was under the impression that that right was already fuly possessed and exercised by Churchmen, and that there was no occasion for a string of nine or tenclauses to reconfirm it. (lear, hear.) The alarm of the ben. baronet on this head was so extraordinary that, remembering the fate of a bill introduced by the hon. and learned member for Tavistock (Mr. R. Phillimore), and looking at these clauses, more cspecially at the proviso to the third, be could not avoid the belief that the object of these clauses was not confined to conferring upon Charchmen this right of contribution by private subscription. By the proviso to the third clause it was enacted that, after funds had been raised by subscription, they should be distributed, not by the churchwarden, but by some new officers who were to be called auditors. Considering the circumstances of rural parishes, he thought that a gentleman who had once been elected an auditor would be very much inclined to exclaim with the perplexed poet,- - Semper ego auditor tanti.m, nunquanque repona-m?" (A laugh.) There were to be five of these auditors to each parish. They would equal in number the embodied militia of the country. They would form an army, and must henceforward be known asthe "army of auditors," and have an uniform. (Renewed laughter.) They were to check the operations of the churchiwardens whose praises the hon. baronet had himself sounded, and whom therefore it could not be his object to clog and embarrass in the performance of their duties. Was it, then, uncharitable in him (LordJ. Manners) to suppose that the hon. baronet had some other purpose in proposing the establishment of this new class of officers? He entirely acquitted the hon. baronet of having for a moment considered the circumstance of raral parishes. (Hear, hear.) This bill, like its predecessors, had beenaaptedto the meridian of the Tower Hamlets and Stepney. (" Hear, hear," and a laugh.) Hon. members I whoknew anything of rural parishes knew how absurd it Iwas to talk of aof five auditors in each. It was im- ossible to think ofsuch a proposition without laughing. lIeshould therefore consider the measure as applicable simply to the large and populous towns; and, that being the case, what were to be the powers and qualifications of these auditorst Their powers as explained in the fourth clause were enormous. They were to .have the entire control of the money to be raised by private contributions, which was to be expended on.ly as they thought fit, and in accordance with their wishes and determinations. How were they to be elected? Were they to be elected by, or to be subject to the control of, those whose contributions they were to administer, or even the members of the church for the benefit of which those contributions were intended? Nothing of the sort. The fifth clause provided that these officers, who were to have absolute control over the voluntary contributions of Churchmen, should be elected by the majority of the vestry. (Hear, hear.) Now, was it not the case that -in many poDulous parishes the maJority of the vestry were Dissenters? (Hear, hear.) Was it right that the election of persons to administer funds intended for the benefit of th church should be in their hands? The hon. baronet had in his speech given the House to understand that he had provided that a Dissenter should not be elected as an auditor, but the provision in the bill did notbear out that statement. The persons eligible were the incumbent of the parish, who was always to be one of the auditors, and ratepayers being owners or occupiers of pews, a ualification which might be, and very often was, possesedvy a Dissenter. (Hear, hear.) If the hon. baronet thought that his provision would exclude Dissenters, he laboured under a singular delusion. In a parish church in his (Lord J. Manners') own neighbourhood two of the largest pews belonged to Dissenters, who kept them locked, but who under this provision would be eligible to be elected auditors. He was firmly convinced that the object of the gentleman vho drew the bill-he did not say of the hon. baronet (Sir W. Clay), because he rather thought that he was in bo7d .fde ignorance of what would be its probable results-was that these places and this privilege should be reserved for Dissenters. (Hear, hear.) The hon. baronet the member for the Tower Hmlets had drawn a seductive picture of the meekness, amiability, and self-denial which would not fail to characterize the conduct of the Nonconformist body in the event of the present bill becoming law. But, unfortunately, we were not without experience to guide us in this matter. Not very long ago the uestion of church-rates was negatived in the town of Banbury; and among other charges transferred in consequence to the voluntary contributions of the Churchmen was the salary of the sexton. In the course of time that official died, and the Churchmen by whose subscriptions alone he had been supported naturally imagined that they would have the privilege of electing his successor. Not a bit of it. (" Hear, hear," and laughter.) Inthe name of civil and religious liberty, for the dear love of the inalienable rights of man, and in vindication of the sacred privileges of the vestry (laughter), al the Dissenters in the parish were summoned to the rescue, and succeeded in procuringthe appointment for a candidate of their own denomination. (Hear.) As long as human naturecontinued to be what unfortunately it now was, what security could there be that the Dissenters throughout the country would not act in a similar spirit, and, while refusing to contribute one farthing to the support of the church, exact the ministrations of her clergyand arrogate aright of intermeddling with her affairs? (Hear, hear.) The whole scope and object of the bill and its inevitable result in al popular places would be to throw upon the shoulders of tbe Churchmen the necessity of maintaining the fabrics and the services of the church, at the same time that the power would be conferred upon the Dissenters of vexatiously interfering in every arrangement connected with such matters, and in every distribution of the funds contributedhy Churchmen. They could, moreover, continue to claim the services of a clergy to the sustentation of whose church they oertinaciously and indignantly refused to contribute. This being the case, and seeing that the natural effect of such a measure would be to remove from the real property of this nation a duty which it had heretofore discharged, and from which its owners did not desire that it should be relieved-that of maintaining a church free to the poor of the country-he could not hesitate to address to all parties in that house an oarnest entreaty that they would combine to oppose the second reading of this bilL To Churchmen he would in the first place appeaL This was no party, no polemical question. (Hear, hear.) He cared not on what side of the house Churchmen might sit; he would tell them one and all that this was a question deeply affecting the social, moral, and religious wellbeing of the poor of England (hear), aud that, dismissing any little differences of opinion as to how this grievance-if such it were-might best be remedied, it was their duty as Churchmen to show a firm and united resolve in opposition to a measure which could not be characterized otherwise than as one of of confiscation and spoliatiom (lIear, hear.) To the Dissenters in thathouse he should likewise appeal, akding them, in the name of justice and fair play, whether they could supposethat theywere reallyadvancingtheequitable settlement of this question by pressing on the House a measure so obviously unjust, and to which they would never consent that they should themselves be subjected ? (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for Rochdale (Mr. Miall), who,-he presumed, might be regarded as a fair exponent of the feelings and opinions of theNonconformists,expressed himself to the followiing effect, when speaking upon this subject on the 26th of May, 1853 -. " They were asking howv the fabric and the services of the church could be maintained?7 That was no matter of difficulty whatever with the large number of the Dissenters. Nothing could be at once so simple and so just as that the Churchman should pay for the fabric and the service of his own church, in the same way that the Dissenter was both willing and able to pay for the support of his church and his minister." Such was now the independent position of the Dissenter; but legislate for him in the spirit of the present bill, and what would become of his free action-what of hischerished rights andhis much vaunted liberty? (Hear.) His free action would be impeded, his rights invaded, and his liberty utterly destroyed. (Hear, hear.) The accounts of his chapel might be overhauled, and its expenditure controlled by a tyrant majority of Churchmen; and questions in which he felt the deepest interest would be in danger of being decided by men who did not share his convictions, or sympathize with his opinions. (Hear.) Such a state of things contrasted most mnfavourably with the freedom enjoyed at present by the Nonconformists. On the very terms, therefore, of the opinions put forward by the hon. member for Rochdale, he (Lord J. Manners) would claim the votes of conscientious Dissenters in that house against this moat obnoxious bilL Finally, he might be allowed to illustrate his argument by a reference to the position in which his hon. friend the member for North Warwickshire (Mr. Spooner) might possiblyone dayfind himself. Hishon.friend Ihad for years conscientiously advocated the disendowment of Maynooth. Suppose that his persevering efforts were at last crowned with success ("Hear, hear," from Mr. SPooNER)-and suppose that in his bill providing for the disendowment of Mlaynooth College he had inserted- a provision enabling the Roman Catholics of Ireland to contribute by voluntary subscriptions to the future supporb of that establishment; what would the Roman Catholics say of the conduct of his hon. friend, if, after having achieved that great triumph, be were to insist that aU the members ofhisfamily should be entitled to receive their education in the very college the endowments of whici he had been mainly instrumental in withdrawing ? ("Hear, hear," and laughter.) Very similar was the position in which this biU would plae the Dimsenters in their relation to the established church. The support of that church would be thrown upon the voluntary contributions of her children; but it would be tatl competent for Dissnters to' in4lt that the services of the church should be per- formed for their benefit, and to dictate the manner in which her parochial fluds should be expended. He would make his last appeal to the Treasury bench. (Hear., hear.) He trusted that on this occasion the House would not have to viitness a renewal of the unseemly anddeplorable spectacle of last session, when one or two Cavinet WMiisterg, the foremost men in the house, voted against a maeasure which they felt to be worthy of reprobation, while their colleagues andisubordinates in the Government, led on by a reckless Attorney-General (laughter), ran headlong into the opposite, carrying with them the whole " ruck' of Ministerial supporters. (Hear, hear.) This was no light or trivial matter brought forward now for the first time, and in respect of which the subordinate members of the Government might be allowed to have any or no opinions. It was a great, a grave, a most difficult and a most serious question, and he had no doubt that he was expresnug the unanimous opinion of members on all sides of the lose when he said that it could be satisfactorily adjusted only by Her Mfajesty's Ministers. fHear, hear.) To the noble lord at the head of the Cabinet he would make - a strong, and even a personal appeal. Two courses,-;nd two alone, were open to the Government. Either they had deliberately considered and decided on the course thatought to be adopted for the just and equitable arrangement of is long-agtated question; or they believed that it was not possible successfully to attempt its settlement. If they had matured their scheme, he invited and entreated the noble lord to propose it to the House. Hon. members on that (the Opposition) side wrould not fail to give a candid, and even a favourable consideration to any measure conceded in a spirit of juEtice. But if, on the other hand Ministers should still adhere to the opinion expressed last yeary in no doubtful terms, by the noble lord, that the question could not be settled by legislation, and that it must remBin in its present position-in that case he would entreat the noble iord to do his duty manfully to his Sovereign, whose confidential adviser he was, and to the House, which looked to him for guidance, and expected that, if not their leader, he would at least be the leader of the Ministry (hear, bear), by carrying with him in opostion to this measum the united infuence of the dn s- trative Government. (Hear, hear.) Since entering the house he had heard it rumoured that there was some intention of referring the question to a select committee, but he could not bring himiself to believe that anv such proceeding could be seriously contemplated by Her MajesVs advisers. The bill was such in principle that it did not admit of emendation. How was it possible that a measure having for its object the total abolition of church-rates should be amended inj comrnittee? Dismissing, therefore, as idle rumours those allusions to a select committee, he would make a final appeal I to the House to mark its sense of the gross injustice of this meure by rejecting it on the second reading, and he would implore of the Government to state frankly and fearlessly the conclusions at wvhich they-had arrived on a question wihich, day by day, was acquiring fresh importance, and w hich had never attracted deeper interest than at the present moment. (Cheers.) Sir S. NORTHCOTE seconded the amendment7,ob. serving that hefelt it to be due to himself, and to those who thought with him on this subject, to say that in oppoisngthe bill neither he nor they undertook to assert that there were no grievances in connexion with the present state of the law. (Hear, hear.) They were not prepared to deny that there were grounds for an alteration in the law; but what they maintained was, that the measure now offered as a means of getting out of an acknowledged difficulty was not calculated to effect that object in an effective or a legitimate mncxner. (Hear, hear.) There was a grievance on Dissenters in cases where they were in a minority, and were compelled to pay the church-rates at whatever violence to their conscience and feelings; and ihere was a grievance on Churchmen in cases wherethe Dissenters, or the opponents of church-rates, being in a majority, they (the Churchmen) were deprived of those means with which the law professed to furnish them for the purpose of maintaining the fabrics of their churches. These were cases which would justify an alteration in the law, with a view, in each instance, to get rid of an admittedgrievance; but the grievance would not be removed in either case by the present measure. With regard to the grievance of Churchmen, the noble lord the member lor Colchester had ably shown that in that respect the bill would not have a remedial operation; and, even as regarded Dissenters, the relief, if any, would be local and partial, for the 15th clause provided that the bill should not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Of Ireland he would say nothing, but the hon. baronet the member for the Tower Hamlets having introduced the measure avowedly on the ground that it was desirable to exempt the minority from the oppresson of the majority, it was inconceivable that he should have passed over as unworthy of notice the yet more grievous calamiity daily vitnessed in Scotland, -where the majority was oppressed by the minority. (Hear, hear.) The real object of the biU was not relief either to Churchman or Dissenter, but simply, as might be gathered from the prcamble, the maintenance of *'peace." And,perhaps, Scotland was omitted because there there was a peace that might well be called a "solitude." The position of the lawin that country was, that a church-rate and a parsonagerate as well might be imposed on the heritors or landholders of anyparish, notby themselves, butby the ministers of the established church of Scotland. (Hear, hear.) The ministers might of themBelves make out an estimate of the expense of repairng their churches, and having done so, it was competent for them to serve upon the heritors or landholders an order to provide the necessary funds; nor had these persons any means of evading the burden thus thrown upon them for the support of a church which, though caged "sthe established, did not comprise more than one-third of the population of that country. As the hon. baronet did not propose to touch that state of things, the obvious inference seemed to be that the object of his bill was not to provide for religious freedom, but simply to enforce what he described inhis speech as " a permanent, universaL and complete peace." But it would have no such effect. (Hear, hear.) Otn the oontrary, it was a measure hich more, peraps, than an other that had ever been introduced woulld promote dissension and animosity, aggravatingdiscord in localitieswhere it already exited, and introducing it for the firsttime into rural parishes where, happily, it was now unlmownv, The hon. cbaronet concluded that, because the church-rates were now acquiesced in, the voluntary system was sure to neet with a ready acceptance; but that was by no means so certain. The voluntary system was hard to be worked, and one great difEculty attending it was, as all who had had practical experience of the matter were -well aware, the objection which people had to give anything, because they did not think- that their neighbours had given enough. (A Llaugh.) If the church-rates were abcolished to-morrow the wealth of the church would no doubt be forthcoming to nnintain her fabrics, hut the pious duty would not then devolve on the parishes, but rather on some central association to be established in London. This system was liable to many objections {hear, hear), and of these not the least important was, that it would have the very effect erroneously attributed to the church. rates-that of denationalizing the church, by taking the management of its affairs and the guardianship of its interests out of the hands of the parishioners, and vesting themrn ithose of,a remotecorporation. (Hear, hear.) The tendency of such a proceeding to shake the confidence and alienate the affection of£the parishionersvwas obvious. Property had its duties as well as its rights, but thtis bill would ignore the former. He knew a case where a Roman Catholic gentleman owned a whole parish, the inhabitants of which were chiefly members of the established church. Out of his own pocket, or through the medium of his tenants, that gentleman now contributed to the maintenance of the parish church, but what wvould be the consequence if church-rates were abolished, and a central volumtary association substituted? Manifestly, that the landlord would not contribute anotherpenny, and that,unless, perhaps, through the medium of the association -the moor would not receive a particle of relief. (Hear, hear.) hforeover, he objected to Ithe idea of submitting voluntary contributions to the con- trol and direction of any body of men who might apply them topurpse altogether allen to the intentions of the donors. A man who gave his money on the understanding that it should be devoted to the maintenance of the church orof its services might feel indignant on finding that it hadbeen. applied to the erection of ornamental clocks or such like matters, and yet if his contribution had been Ihanded over to an arbitrary and irresponsible association he wrould have little chance of redress. NViewred from whatever aspect, the present measure was still objectionable. He trusted, therefore, that the HIouse would not hesitate to reJeCCt it;* but, while expressing this hope, he wias bound to add that public opinon was evidently ripening for a satisfactory settlement of the question, and if Government w ould come forward with some well considered scheme for its adjustment, it wrould be sure to experience a favorable reception from all sides of the House. (Hear, hear.) !Sir G. GREY said that, independently of the appeals made !to the Government by the noble lord the member for Col- chester and the hon. baronet who had just spoken, he felt that the House had a right to expect that they should be informed of the course which, after a full consideration of the subject, Her Majesty's Ministers deemed it their duty,to take with respect to the present bilL In referring, how- ever, to this subject, he hoped he might be permitted to suggest that it was full enough of embarrassnent and quite safficiently encompassed with difficulty to entitle it to be considered by itself ("Hear; hear," and a laugh), and with. out reference to any right which, as the law at present stood, the national church of Scotland might possess for the raising of funds for ecclesiastical purposes in that part of the united kingdom. Confining himself exclusively, therefore, to i the question of church-rates, so frequently agitated of late year, he must take leave to say that the noble lord the member for Colchester appeared to him to have overlooked one most important feature in the casethe extremely unsatisfactory condition to which the law on that subject had been reduced by decisions recently pronounced by the highest courts of judicature in the country. (Hear.) The noble lord appeared to be satisfied with the existing state of the law as regarded church-rates, except in this one particular alone, that the Dissenters had a grievance in being compelled to.pay against; their conscience in places where the rate was imposed. The noble lord was willing to exonerate the Dissenters from the payment of the xate, coupling the exemption, however, with certaisi disabilities to which Dissenters were to be subjected. :Bat was that a fair statement of the case? If there were a JaT which not only authorized but required the imposition - of the rate, and gave the means of enforcing it, there might be some pretext for saying that the abolition of the rate wvould involvethe thespoliation and cn onf3of church property.. Hear, hear.) In that case there might be some colour for what he could notut regardasthe injudicious language of certain persons representing themsxelves as friends of the estalishd chrch;who aid hatif chrhrtsand titbt wps lace ontheeamefooingthe link be- tween church and State would bedissevered, and the church no longer national. There was the widest distinction be'tween tithes and church-rates, and it was his convicti that, even thoughthis billshould be'adopted Without qualifi.- cation or limitation, and though church-rates should be aEoshed in England, as in Ireland, the cwhurch of iEngland woulda still be the national church- There tWere ties fir. stronger tha n any created by this possble rate-for in fact, it was nothing mnore-to annex th character to it. (Elear, hear.) But what was th state of the law at the present moment? N, lawyer would deny that it was most unsatisfactory. It might be sald that there was a legal obligation upon the rated inhabitants of any parish to provide for the ma:intenaucof the fabric of the church, and also perhaps (though that was not quite so clear) for the performanee of Divine service, but how was that obligation to be enforced? They had now the authdrity of the highest court of judicature in this kingdom that-setting aside any meaus that might be resorted to through the iurisdiction of the eoclesiastical courts-there was no power to enforce the obligation (hear); that year after year it was comupetent for the rated inhabitants of a parish in vestry assembled to refuse to make a rate, and that the churchwardens could not impose it against thc wish of the majority. The privilege which the iajority-thus enjoyed had been extensively exercised, and in many parishes church-rates bad completely disappeared. There was also a large number of cases in which church-rates had for renrs ceased to be levied, owing tothe indisposition 'of vestres to make them in the absence of any means to en-- force their payment. He said "inthe absence of any mean3 to enforoe them," because, although they might be told that' ecclesiastical censures might be visited upon the inhabitants of any parish refusing to Iranta church-rate, it could hardly be seriously maintained that such an expedient afforded a practical remedy for the matter complained of. The facts of the case, then, were these-that:in many of the populous towns and cities in the kingdom, the parishioners, exercisimq the optional power which the present state of the law aL. lovred them, had for a lengthened series of years either declined or neglected toimpose this tax. At teeds, for example, after aprotracted struggle oF more than 10 years, church-rates had now been abandoned for a period of 25 years, by a common understanding between Churchmen and Dmssenters; and an ample provsion in lieu of that impost had been supplied by voluntary contributions. A great variety of schemes had lately been submitted to the GPovernment by persons, all of vwhom were friendlly to the established church, having fortheirobject such a modification in the law of church-rates as would render it possible to enforce the collection of the tax. The whole of these plans had undergone te most careful examination from the Government; but almost all of them contained this radical defect-that they contemlplated the re'imposi ion of church-rates, in a form and under conditions which their advocates no doubt believed would conciliate opposition in that class of cities and towns where by the common consent of Churchmen and Dissenters they had long been discontinued. Any legislative attempt, however, to render church-rates compulsory in those populous localities in which the unseemly contests forwhich theylong afforded the battle ground had happily ceased could only tend to revive strife and dissensions, which must not only prove injurious to the interests of the church, but bring scandal upon the cause of religion .itself. Whatever might be said of the facilities enjoyed by a Govern-ment in dealing with this vexed question, Her Majesty's Mimisters were of the decided opinion that the introduction of a measure to give legal enforcement, contrary to the will of the majority, to the theoretical obligation of church-rates in places where they had already been practically abolished, without the hope or the possibility of future resuscitation in any shape, could only serve to rekindle the flames of religious discord where they had fortunately been extinguished, without being attended, on the other hand, with any advantage that would at aRl compensate for so deplorable an eviL (Hear, hear.) Taking, then, the state of things as it had grownup under the existing law as they found them, the Government conceived that any measure proposed to Parliament on this subject must assume as an accomplished fact, andmuast recognize asnd sanction the abolition of this impost in the whole of the parishes which, though few in number, were large in p of population, where they were now practically obsolete. FRear, hear.} To the principle of the abrogation of church-rates to that extent the Governmentwere theref6reready to accede. But, then. admitting that in a certain number of important and populous towns and cities church-rates had fallen into disuse, and either could not now be revived at all or could only be revived to the prejudice of religion. it was argued that that was no reason why, in the 6,000 or 7.000 remaiingP parishes, the inhabitants of which were chiefly rural, mid, where the imposition of this ta-v was regularly acquiesced in without dispute, this valuable resource, which was found so useful for re.pairing the fabrics of lhe church mid supporting her semces with decencyand order, should be reckldessly throwvn aw;ay by the LsegisLatiare. And, therei'ore, it was contended that if these rural parshes were not nuwilling to bear the burden of a church-rate, it would be most unwise, if not also most absorb, for Parliament to step in amd forcibly prevent them from subjecting themselves to that impost. Now, Her Majesty's Government felt that greatweight wasdue to thatargument (hear. hear), and, therefore, they were not prepared to sapport the total and immediate repeal of church-rates throughout the entire kingdom. They would, however, give their sanction to their repeal in all those parishes the ratepayers of which, by their repeated previous refusals to make a rate, had sufficiently idicated the settled will of the majority to be opposedto the futher exercise of the power vested in themby law to levy this impost. (Murmurs.) The Government were lkewise favourable to a provision that would release from their obligation to raise church-rates (thus putting an end to strife) al those parishes themajority of the ratepayers of which should hereafter signify, for a certain specified period, their continued hostility to the imposition of this tax. (Renewed murmurs.) The hon. member for the Uni-' versity of Cambridge (dr. Wigram) appeared to be extremely amused at the enunciation of this principle (ironical cries of "Hear, hear")'; but there was one high authority in its favourwhich thathon. gentleman would scaroely be inclined to disregard. The hon. mernber evidently had not read the bill introduced into the Upper House last session by the Archbishop of Canterbury, and which might be taken to embody the views of the episcopal bench, declaring that any parish which for two consecutive years omitted to make a church-rate, and which, according to a prescribed process, gave an unequivocal expression of its opposition to the tax, should henceforth be relieved from its liability to levy it That was the course which the heads of the church, dealing like sensible men with the facts as they found them, were ready elsewvhere to adopt, and to that principle, as offering the best means for settling this difficult question, Her jesty's Governnent were prepared to adhere, leaving to the church the funds which she derived from this source where the majority of the parishioners deemed that a chuch-rate could be advantageouslylevied, while abolishingthe taxin aUl| the other cases which he had des,cribed, and thereby removing afertilesourceofperpetualheartburnings and contentions. But it might be said that parishes which still continued the rate could vote the impost ave narrowniajority ; so that the grievance of a large dissentient minority would remain unredressed. Now, it would be highly objectionable, in order to obviate such a difficulty, that every Dissenter wishing [to be exempt from the yment of this impost should be compelled to register E Ilf as no longer belonging to the communion of the estabishted church- but the plan of the noble lord (J. ainners) might be wisely adopted-namely, that any person refusing to coh trir G. any parish where the majority made a rate should be exem pted on transmitting to the churchwardens a simule declaration t,hat he was a Dissenter. That suggestion of the noble lord ws, however, coupled with a proposal to attach certain disqualificationls to Dissenters to winch he (Sir G. Grey) could not agree. No doubt it would be only reasonable that persons claiming this exemption should be precluded from taldng any part intheproceedings of the vestry, as to the imposition or the application of the rate, or for the appointment of auditors, and the like; but both the mover and seconder of theamendment had indicated, if thev had not very distinctly expressed, a disposition to o much further, and even to deny the ordinances of the cfurch to Dissenters and their families. (An Hlom. Msacuxn.-" o.")] The noble lord (J. Manners) would not say " No." Such a course as that which had been repeatedly hinted at in the course of the debate would be most suicidal on the part of the church herself. (Hear.) If she had any confidencein the truth of her doctrines and in the purity of her worship instead of sItting out all who refused to contribute towards her supnort, she would gladly invite all classes I without distinction to enter within her sacred ortals In place of wishing-as the noble lord and the hon. baronet ,appeared almost inclined todo-that, as had been eloquently said, an angel with a flaming sword should stand at the door ofd everyachurc to warn Dissenters against approach, dof lookig coldly and askance at the Dissenter who desired to have his child baptized, his marriage sanctified, or his parent buried according to her rites, the church should thankfuly accept all who were anxious to partake of her holy ordinances. (Rear hear.) In this way she would do far more to enlarge her bounds and to increase her usefulness than she could ever accomplish by assuming the unlovely attribute of exclusion. (Hear. Admitting, t erefore, the policy of immediate abolition in one class of parishes, and of prospective abolition in a second, while retaining the power of levying the import in the rurl districts in the manner which he had described, Her Mlajestys Government were ready, in spite of the taunts of the noble lord, to affirm that principle by voting for the second reading of this bill (Cheers, followed by ironical cheers from the Opposition.) If themotion were carried, the Government would move amendments in committee, touching the points to which he (Sir G. Grey) had adverted. The noble lord opposite had satisfactorily shown that five auditors for revising the expenditure of the voluntary contributions raised for repairin the churches and sustaining her services would be too large a number formany rural parishes. Themover of the amendment regarded that part of the bill which provided for the due appropriation of this fund as wholly unnecessary, preferring that individual subscribers should be left absolutely free to expend their own contributions as they thought fit. The effect of the absence of all restriction, however, would obviously be, that any Roman' Catholic landowner subscribing towards a parish church would be at liberty, if he wished, to beautify the edifice, to introduce alterations in its structure that might prove distasteful to a Protestant congr .tion; or, on the other hand, a Dissenting contributor might seek to reduce what he deemed the too florid architecture of a church to a level with the unpretending building in which his own denomination worshipped. Some limitation was therefore indispensable to guard against such evils; and the hon. baronet (Sir W. Clay) had endeavonred to mneet the requirements of the case by the present bill. His measure, in this respect, might, indeed, be imperfect; but no doubb any. suggestion for improving its details would receive favourable consideration in committee. (Hlear.) The noble lord saidthat if church-rates were abrogated, another fund, e.xempt from casual fluctuations, and one that could be steadily calculated upon, must be placed intheirsteadl Now, seeingthatthevery resource which it was now proposed to withdraw was, as he had show, notoriously precaous, and wholly unfit to be zeckoned upon from year to year by the church, the noble lord was scarcely entitled to demand that the substitute for it should be free from uncertainty and vation. (Hear, sibl, t bemadein ieuof curc-rAes, ut hatpro- vion could not be one of a compulsory character. A. power might, however, be given by Parliament (which wonic? probably be fretluentAy exercised) to landowners, hitherto suliect to this impost., to charge their estates under certain. linmits towards a. fund for the maintenance and repi oFf their parish churches. The statutes of mortmin stood in the way oE ulch planr; lbt the Government -7ere prepae to take measures to facilitate the creation of a permanent endowment of this Idnd, which nmght go far in many parishes to supplyany deficiencyaising from the withdrawal of church-rates. He regrette&L the omission from this bill of the provision containe&in the corresponding measure of last year which allowed a prescribed number of pews to be let in certain towm parishes, i order to xaise a fund towards the support. of the church. It would be desirable to resore thatclause, the more especially so as in the bill latel introduce!l by the noble lord the member for Woodstock (the Itfarnuis of Blandford), relating to new. district churches wh'ich were not permitted to share in the prooeeds of a church-rate, the principle of pew-rents was at leastpartially recognized. This brought him to another anomaaly in them existing law of church-rates, which vas that the old paris- churches exclusively appropriated the entire sums deRvable from this tam In the clse of St. George's, Hanover-square.. or in that of the pariah in which the House was sitting, aa well as in most of the large towns, the original population of which had been multiplied ten or twentyfold, the.. numerous district churches which had sprung up all around, and which were in fact the ornament and strength of the establishment, were not entitled to a single farthing of this taxation which was raised from the whole parish. (Hear, hear.) The amendments which the Government hadto suggest on this and on other points would be lid upon the tabli in sufficienttime to enable them to be duly conritered in committee, should the House assent to the second readingof thebill; but in extending to the principle of this measure their sanction and support Her Majesty's Government believed that they were adopting the course most calculatea to settlet on a satisactory basis this long-agitated and much-vexedc question. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DRUJIMOND thought the amendments which the right hon. baronet who had just sat down had indicate* were so exceedingly unlike the biRl before the House that it would be only fair for the Government to reject this neasure altogether, and bring in a new one of theirown in its place. ("1 Hear, hear," and a laugh.) Several bills on the same subect had been that day alluded to, and it was some gratification to him (Mr. Drummond), obliged, as he was, to differ from a great deal that had been spoken in that debate, to be able to agree, at least, in this much-that he equally disapproved them all (laughter), whether it was the meaure of his Grace the Archbishop, or those proposed by hon. members on either side of that.. house. Let them only observe what had happened inthat. house but the other day. The right hon. gentleman (SirG. Grey) introduced a most admirable measure to extend the provisions of the poilice law throughout all the-towns anc districts in England; and what then occurred? lVhy, immediately uprose those populous cities of which they a. moment ago heard so much, and raLing up their musty old charters, they straightway pleaded prescriptionthey pleaded Eoyal grants, and brought forward theirreceipts for moneys paid-for valuable consideration given! But he defied any one of the whole maas of these corporations to produoe the least evidence of such undoubted prescription as the church could assert in support of its rates. (Hear, hear.) Why, thee ates werea as ancient as the establishment of Christianity itself. Ourchurchwardens, whom the hon. baronet meant kdndlytocontinue, after he hal relieved them of al their functions (a laugh), dated from as remote a period as 1147. (Hear, hear.) But, then, the hon. baronet asked the extr.ordinary question-" What is a national church LT In every nation in the world the sovereign of the country had. found it to be his absolute duty to provide the means of publicworship for his people. (Hear, hear.) Those means necessarily were public buildings, but the hon. gentleman, seemed to think it a perfect answer to tle asserted existence: of a national church that there were some persons in these -ingdomswhodissented fronherconimunion. Wasthere evera nation on earth in which there were no Dissenters? The Greek church had its heterodox sects who dissented fromthe orthodox creed, bv having their ritual translated into theSlavonic tongue instead of being confined to the Greek: andt even among the Maihomedan Turlks and the peoDPle of Persia conflicting religious opinions prevailed. Theo national church of a country, however, was that church. whose faith the sovereign professed. (Murmumrs Would hon. gentlemen who demurred to that assertion adduoe an instance in which the fact was otherwise? (tIear.) The first obligation of a State was to provide the means of worship for the people; but this country was not possessed. of those means; and why? Because of a dereliction of duty on the part of our bishops. (A laugh.) Why were ourchurches not filled with worshippers ? Because we had alowed them to be monopolized by being divided off into pews. (Hear, hear.) Why, it was the bishops themselves who had forced the people into the ranks of Dissent byshutting them out of their parish churches. Mforeover, it. was an error to suppose that the Dissenters have ever been the enemies of the established church. Itsreal enemies were the bishops, its own spiritual heads. (Laughter.) It was very strange that the hon. baronet whobrought forward that question for the third time, and evidently understood it, had invariably omitted to mentionthis one little circumstance, that inevery Eingle instancelin -hicba money was collected by a rate no option was given to the ratepayer to pay or to decline to pay. (Hear.) It was leftto no man's will whether ornothe should contribute towards a lighting-rate, a paving-rate, or a poor-rate. The casei Emightbedifferent in regard to the fixg of the amount.- of any impost that should be payable; h ut no powver was ever granted to any one to refuse to contribulte at all Thisc very thing had been often tried to be done by the right hon. member for Manchester, but the Governmnent had alwaysfound that it would nob work-that it was utterly impossible~ to sulpport oulr county gaols, our police, and other institutions, if such a disc retron were vested in the 3ratepayers. Why, then, were church-raties to form an exception to an otherwise inflexrible role?' The right hon. baronet. (Sir G. Grey) said that church-rates were an uncertainI and imnperfect provision as the law now stood; hult why could they not reckon up what was wanted, and then tale theamount whatever at was? (A laugh.) "Oh!" it was replied, " the Braintree case has settled the question." Well, so it had-there could be no' doubt of that. (Laughter.) The lords came down, as thee EBarl of D)erby described in his speech only a few nights since, and utpset the decisions of all our courts of law, going also directly in the teeth of the judg,ment of ther law lords on this matter. The peers would not allow the Lord's Hwouse to be repaired, and now their own house ws on the eve of being wulled down about their ears. (Lauaghter.) But hon. gentlemen in the assembly he was addressing were constantly proclaimDing their object to be the moral and rligious eleva3tion of the people. They wiahed. Ito embue themn with a taste for the fine arts. They had their school of design, their public lecture-rooms, their circulating libraries, and all sorts of appliances of that description. They also wanted the working classes to go on Sunday to inspect the fragments of religious temples which ha d been brought home from Egypt, from Babylon, Iand from Greece; and yet, at the same time, they called upon them to let their owna religious edifices crumble toruns. (" Hear," and alaugh.) Their religious buildings were, par excellence, the true monuments of the fine arts eally, some hon. gentlemen did not seem to know what the fine arts meant. Painting, sculpture, and. architecture were but different modes of representing, byr material forms, sentiments that could not he expressed by words. (Hear, hear.) If we fancied that we could inspire true feelings of devotion in any other places so well as it could be done in our venerable parochial churches we mnade a sad mistakre. (Hear, hear.) But we had gone on reducing the whole of our ancient rituaL, until we had left a mere residuum of intellectual philosophy; and yetsome innocent people were astonishted at the spread of schism, and even of infidlelity. ("HRear," and a laugh.} ESvery householder in England had taken his house subject. to the charge of church-rates, and was that rate to be allowed togo into the pockets of the landlords? (Hear, hear.) The Archbishop's Corta great auteority in theological rnatters-had just decided that there was no such thing as an altar in the church of England. If that church. bad no altar she had no priesthood, f or priests were a portio a of the clergy set apart to worship at an altar. If that church had no priests she had no bishops, who were a portion of the clergy set apart to consecrate priests, and if the church of England had neither bishops nor priests wrhat right had she -to tithes? (Alaugh.) Tithes6were paid, not to deacons, but to priests, and if the church of England had no altar she had norzight to tithes. He recommended this subiect to tue attention of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who, as ths. Ex;chequer was not at present very rich, might be able to turn the intimation which he (drr. Drumoncfl hadl given to some account. (A laugh.) his nobls friend (Lord Palmerston) had been recommended to take this matter into his hands, and he had no doubt that if the noble lord acted upon the suggestion he would deal Witil the subject in his usual boldanddashingmanner. (Laughter.) i The noble lord did not often meddle with ecclesiastical affairs, but he (Mr. Drommondl had no fear on the score ofhis bashfulness. (A laugh ] Some time since a certain old gentleman in Rome bothered himself about the immaculate conception of a woman who had been dead for centuries, auda he had no doubt his noble friend would answer for the iii.. ma oception of allthebabiesin Romsey. (Laughter.]) In his plr. Drommond') opinion, if the v iews of the Government were carried out, they would see a sweeping mea.- sure of church spollation, and a total separation would be. effected between Church and State. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL would not have thought it necessary to address the House had he not been informel that, in his absence, the noblememberfor Colchester (Lord T. Manners) had thought proper tomak;ewhat he could not but regard as a most uncalled-for and unprovoked personal attack upon him. (Some cries of "No, no !") That noble lord, he understood, had been pleased to say that, on the last occasion when this question was debated in the house, certain members of the Gorerniient, headed by vsat he termed a "reckless Attomey-General," went into tho lobby in favour of the bill. He did not know whcther tho noble lord who had made this attack upon him in his absence, and- who when he (the Attomney-General) rose to. answer'that attack immediataly left the house (hear, hear), meant by the terms he had used to refer to his general conduct, or to his conduct with reference to this paticular question. He (the Attorney-G&eneral) had now been for some years a member of that House and a member of the Government, and he thought he might safely and fairly appeal to the House whether hia conduct in either capacity justified tho terms appliedto him by the noble lord? He did not know whether the noblelodhdmato refer to the part he had taken in former discussions on this subject, but he would con6, poeol, which would fix a muark on these persons, and, in all 3robability on their children and descendants, as not befonging to the church, is calculated to give a sectarian chal racter to the church of England, which I trust will still continue to be the national church of the great mass of the pole (dlear. There is many a man -who at one time of s if does not mnuch like the church of England, who. entertains objections to the church services, and who will not attend church, but who, perhaps, some three or four years later forms different opinons, who becomes an attendant at church, and who maintains his right to attend the vestries. Now, I think it is not desirable to put a mark on these men, orto alienate them from the church. (Hear, hear.) I am desirous that they should attend the vestries andtakesuchpart intheproceedingsuatheythinkproper, and I, therefore, object to that part of mJy right hon. friend's measuro which might affect their right to do so. But, let us consider this rate, in itself of very trifling amount, in the light in which it is regarded by the farmers in country panishes. They say, that this rate is levied by a ver ancient lawr; that the fabric of the church is much respected, and that evervbody who has property should pay towards the repair of that fabric. The rate may be a half penny, & penny, or perhaps three halfpence in the pound, and it is paid by the Freat majority of the farmers ; butthen they are. told that IBanmer Such-a-one and Farmer Such-another, and the baker and the tailor in the village, have all objected to pay the rate, on the allegation that they are not churchmen, without making any particular declaration of faith; and that therefore the pavments of those who contribute to the rate will be proportionately increased. Of course, if there aro 200 persons in the parh liable to the rate, and 50 object to its payment, it wil fall so much more heavily on the other 150 - and in this way you will cause fresh dissensioninparishes. I havehadlettersvnthout end, from different parts of the country, from persons conversantwith this subject, who saythat there has hitherto been no quarrel or dissension about church-rates in their respective localities, but that the rates have been peaceably ordered and collected; but when you have a certain number of men objecting to the rate, and thereupon released from its pay. ment, do not expect that peace will any longer preval. (Hear.) Instead of living in their present state, parishes, where no rates axe paid but where peace exists, and other parishes where rates arc paid, and where harmony likewise prevails, my hon. friend proposes to introduce a new element of dissension and disunion, and, in fact, to disturb that very peace which now exists, and which it is the object of any measure on this subject to promote. For these reasons I do not think the proposition which has been submitted to the House on the Part of the Government is likely to lead to a satisfactory settlement of this question. (Cheers.) I should be very glad if I were able to point out to the Hiouse any plan for its immediate settlement which, in my opinion, would be satisfactory. I have stated, on former occasions, that church-rates are a charge upon the land,: and that I think they ouht to remai chargeable upon the land. (Hear, hear.) un my opinion, if landowners were to consent to the immediate abolition of church-rates, although they might make some immediate pecuniary saving, they would adopt a shortsighted policy. (Hear, hear.) I therefore, most unwillingly, but very decidedly, must give my vote against the second reading of this bill, because I think it willunot mitigate the evil which it seeksto remedy. (Cheers.) I must say, however, that if this bil really carried into effect the object professed in its title " to abolish churchrates and to make other provisions in lieu thereof," and, if such substitute could be found and such other provision were made, I should be ready to vote for its second reading and to consider its details in commaittee. I find, however, as the noble member for Colchester has well ointed out, that the bill will only place the alms and voluntary offerings of members of the church under the control of persons who may or may not be members of that church. Suppose any member of the church of England were to say: -" Ithink there is great danger lest the chapels of Protestant Dissenters should fall into decay for want of adequate repairs, and I therefore propose a bill which will place the voluntary offerings of l)issenters under the control of certain;persons, to be elected and to he called auditors, who shall see that no abuse takes place, but that the money be properly applied to the maintenance of dissenting chapels ;" I thinkthe Dissenters would not thank the gentleman who made such a proposal, but would say:-"As you, the State, contribute nothing to us, and as we have the means of building and repairing our chapeLs, we beg you to leave us alone." £ say, then, wiwth- regard to those parishes in which church-rates have been abolished that Churchmen will be better off if you leave them alone than if you meddle with them. With respect to other parishes in which church-rates are collected, it may be necessary in some cases to provide that the contributions of Churchmen should be applied to the purposes for which they were given ; but the incumbent and the churchwarden appointed by bin might take care that such funds w.ere properly applied, and this object could be effected by a much less cornplcated scheme than that proposed by the hon. baronet. 1 am exceedingly sorry that we do not seem much nearer than we were to the settlement of this longvexed question. Certainl I for one canmot assent to the principle put forwarg by the Protestant Dissenters, that, as a matter of conscience, church-rates ought to be abolished. That is a somewhat new scruple on their part. (Cheers and laughter.) When it was proposed in forner days that Dissenters should not be compelled to attend church, and that they should not be prevented from having chapeLs of their own, it was very properly argued that it was a principle of religious liberty that they should be allowed to worship God according to their own forms; hut it wvas not then contended that they should not be compelled to make any payment to the national church. That claim has arisen in more modern times. (Hear, hear.) It seems to me to be a part, but only a part of the voluntary principle; but I cannot believe with the hon. member for the Tower Hamlets, that complete and universal peace would follow the enactment of the bill which he proposes. On the contrary, I beleve thathaving carred this measure, having sanctioned the abolition of churchrates without providig a substitute, fresh attacks would be made (hear, hear), and, not being willing to countenance or favour those attacks, I shall oppose the second reading of the bill. (Cheers from the Opposition.) Lord PAL=ERSTO1N.-Sir, after the censure my noble friend has passed upon the course which Her Majesty's Government have, upon full consideration, determined to pursue with reference to this subject, I feel it my duty to address some observations to the House. This question is undoubtedly surrounded by the greatest possible difficulties. If that had not been the case it would long since have been settled by some legislative enactment. Having seen the various plans which have been proposed by different members of this House with the view of effecting a settlement, andhavingfullyconsideredagreatvarietyofsuggestionswhich have been made to us from other quarters, we prepared that scheme which my right hon. friend the Secretary for the Home Department has to-night explained. Our opinion was that this plan would be most conveniently submitted to the consideration of Parliament by being proposed in committee as an amendment to the bill of my hon. friend the member for the Tower Hamlets. Although my noble friend has been abundant in his censures and in his condemnation of the course we are prepared to follow, I did not discover from his speech that he could suggest any other plan which he thought more deserving of the approval of Parliament. (" Hear," and cheers.) My noble friend maintains that the church-rate is the property of the church by ancient prescription and by the law of the land; but when he endeavoured to show that the existing law of the land enabled the church to avail itself of this property, he utterly failed in doing so, for he was obliged to confess that the law, as now declared by the highest authorities, is impotent for his purpose, and that practically the church-rate is a voluntary contribution ineach parish of the kingdem. (Hear, hear.) I say "a voluntary contribution," because, according to the law as it has been declared to stand, it depends upon the voluntary act of the ratepayers in each parish whether they will or will not raise this particular rate. It is, then, a mockery to tell the church that it possesses a property of which it isunable to avail itself, of which it may be deprived by the vote of a majority of the ratepayers, and from which we know that in a great number of the most populous parishes of the kingdom it has been unable to derive any benefit. The course we intend to pursue is to recognize the existing state of things in parishes where church-rates are levied, and to provide another arrangement for those parishes in which a different set of circumstances has arisen. But my noble friend says that part of our plan lays the foundation of perpetual strife. What is the present state of the law ? Why, you are liable to have in every parish every year that battle in the vestry which my noble friend wishes to avoid -that struggle whether a rate shall or shall not be imposed, and the recent decisions of the courts are an encouragement to the continuance of such contests. (Hear, hear.) Unless some other arrangement is adopted, it is parfeatly plain that the peace and harmony which it is the object of my noble friend, and I trust of every member of this House, to establish cannot by any possibility be expected to provaiL Then I say that the course which we propose to pursue is one which in reason ought to recommend itself to the approbation of Parliament. What says authority on the subject ? My noblefriend, indeed, disdaius authority. With al his respect and veneration for the church, he throws over, without the slightest hesitation, the ovinions of the head of the church, sanctioned by the dig. nitaries of the church, and fermally proposed to Parliament in the shape of a bill submitted for the consideration of the other House. We have heard, on the continent, ofpeopIe who were more royalist than the king. M%y noble friend is a greater Churchman thanthe head of the church himself. (A laugh.) I think the House will be more disposed to give its favourable consideration to a measure which, upon full deliberation, the leaders of the church have thought not inconsistent with the interests of the church than it will be to listen to the arguments of those who want things to remain in their present state. We have been brought into a condition in which there is no alternative between that which hon. gentlemen opposite wish to do-to make the levy of church-rates compuLsory upon every parish and upon every ratepayer in every parish-or coming to some arrangement such as that which we havo thrown out for the consideration of Parliament. To revert to that which was believed anciently to be the law is what, I think, the House will not be prepared to do. In the present state of religious differences'the House will not, I am sure, adopt a measure to make a church-rate compulsorycompulsory upon every parish to levy, and compulsory upon every parishioner to pay. That is entirely out of the ousestion, and if anybody were rash enough to propose itt era would not be the .slightest chance of suh a measure receivIting the assent of Parliament. Wha then, are we to do ? jShall we allow thiusto remain as they are? That would he to sanction the abolition ofichuinch-rates in a greats number of parishes, asnA to lay the foundation of discord and strife-to useX Q words of my noble friend-in all those parithes in w hiqlk they hav itherb been levW. (Hears her)I4lieve that the course which. we. pcczee to _PISa il t4keJ only rational ad sa&tena We- pm'
RAIIVA Y2N MINING _BE& Wednesdaxy Eveain The raiilway-market ope,ned 'with firmness, but sub)sequently was not quite so well maintained. There was great heaviness in the Great Western of Canada shares, caused by the announcement of the directors of their intention to raise further capitaL This step has created general discontent amongthe shareholders,who appear to consider that a pledge was given at the last meeting to issue no further shares without the sanction of the English proprietary. In the shares of the joint-stock banks there was increased activity. London and County ranged from 37T to 38&, and were last negotiated at 37. There was no great alteration in Australian Land. Canada Land closed 335 to 140, and Crystal Palace 24 to i. Ottoman Bank were finaUy quoted i tog premium; Bank of Egypt, 1 to 1u premium; western Metropolitan Bank, 1 premium; and National Discount Company, i discount topar.
BAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. T.AW(UAqTTR.'. Afn V(YWR.llTV.E The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday at Manchester, Mfr. H. W. Wickham, MP., presiding. An abstract of the report and accounts has appeared in The Dlm'ss. The CHAxRmAix, in moving the adoption of the report, referred to the working of this undertaldng in the past halfyear. He said the capital expenditure had been entirely in conseqnence of additional traffic, the most materiAl item being 169,3741. repaid to the East Lancashire Company on account of the dock branch, they having decided to leave the line alluded to in the hands of this company. He believed that branch would be highly beneficial to them, and stated that in January of this year 9,687 tons, an February 12,400 tons, had been conveyed upon it. With respect to revenue, the receipts from all sources during the past half-year had been 579,7287., or, deducting 8,677. received from the Liverpool and Southport line, a net amonunt of 571,0511., to compare with 51,2161. received during the corresponding half of 1854. Of the increase 9,400t. arose frompassengers and about 18,600. from goods and merchandise. The passenger traffic, which had been nearly stationary for two or three years, was again increasing and hehadnodoubtareturn of peace and good trade would much augment that branch of revenue during the present yoar. In the past half-year the expenditure had been 239,2051., or %d--tF oxPenses of the Liverpool and Southport lino 9,23SI., a net expenditure of 229,wn.h, tO -compre with 222,278!., in the latter half of 1854. The worldng expenses during the half-year just ended had heen at the rate of 40 per cent., whilein the latterhalf of 1854 they were 41, and in therst of 1855 42 per cent. The locomotive expenditure had increased from 51,4271. in the latter part of 1854 to 57,328!., owing to increased repairs and increased passenger train mileage caused by the Southport lne being opened. The earnings per passenger train milein1850wero4s. 33.d., andin 1855, -4s. 5d. while the earnings per goods train mile were 6s., andm 1855 8s. 2d. This increased rate had been obtained with a considerable reduction in the consumption of coke. What was done in 1852 with 411b. of coke required only 36Alb. in 1854; while in 1855 only 34A1b. was carrying a much greater load than the 411b. in 1852. A reduction had also been effected in the number of engines in steeam, as compared with 1852. There had been an increase In the coarhing department, owing to the opening of the new line from chester to Southport; and there had been an increase in the expenses of the merchandise department, with increase of traffic; but the charge for agencies had been diminished. The maintenancf of wayhad cost this half-year 23,448L, against 24,67S1. in 1854, in addition to 25,001. put to the credit of the renewal fund. He read statements to show that during the last few years the companv had expended out of revenue no less than 50,1421. in relaying of rails and renewal of worling stock, all of which might fairly have been charged to capital He trusted that this would satisfy the shareholders that there was no attempt to make the profit of this company appear larger thanitreallywas. (Applause.) Theamountpaidforcompensation had been rednced this half-year, and the directors were using every means in their power to avoid accidents. On the iAverpool, Crosby, and Southport line, the receipts had been 8,6761., while the expenditure, including working expenses and dividend, amounted to 9,237!., leaving a deficency of 56M. He looked upon this result with satisfaction, considering the fierce competition with the East Lancashire Company during the whole of the half-year; and he had no doubt this line would prove a very great addition to the resources of the company, when fairly and properly worked. The lease of the Rochdale Canal had now been agreed to by all the railway compnies parties to it, and he hoped the fature accounts of this coinp any would showv advantage from the arrangement. the surplus carric-d to the next half-year was less by 4,84. than last half-year, but he thought the directors were justified in promising a dividend of 4i per cent. ;considering the lare amount carried to the reaaewal accolunt, and also the fact that the total traffic of the railwsay for the aine weelk of this year was 18,3661. in excess of the corresponding nine weeks of last year, whcreas at this time last year the excess was only 3,6191. TLey felt confident of being aabe ti maintain it, and, if peace were restored, it might be possible next half-year to increase it. (Applause.) Rewma jhappy to add that the differences between this company and the East Lacashire Company with regard to the Southport trsfficwere all arranged. tRear, hear.) Mr. STUART, the vice-chairman, seeonded the motion. Mm. VAxcn: said, althouglk thB increase of dividend might be regarded as satisfactory, so far as it 'ent, it was still far below the commercial standard. Seeing that banks, steam eompanies, aud other large commercial undertakcings -ielaed so much larger profit, ve wished to inquire why ralwayproperty shoulS be thus depressed; and he attributed it-first, to the unwise and mischievous legislation which had characteri2ed the proceedings of Parliament with rqgldto railways, and, secondly, to the ruinous system of mangement. Without entering on the effects of sanetiaing competing lines, he considered that Parliament dealt unfairly with them in many other wayr. He thought it most unfair that the law should make the amount of compensation paid to a person injured proportionate to hisaortb, the railway company being, in act, compelled to insure every passenger, however short his journey miht be or however small the fare he paid. Directors of different railway companies would do well to confer together as to how they might procure an alteration of a law so evidently wrong, and also to endeavour to get the law with regard to parish rating settled on a sound and satisfactory bsis, for at present they .were paying considePably more than they ought to do. Then the Post-office sn competing withtherailwav companies for the conveyance Of parcels, to the serious detiiment of those who had, afte,all, to carry them. With regard to railWay managewognt, he thought it was conducted on a ruinous. principla. On this railway there were 20 directors, two livigingin Xdon, and nearly all engaged in affairs of their own, w`4e they wert very inadequately remunerated for their an4*0ntiou to the interests of the company. He would sugcst that the money voted as director's remuneration shoula be al given to a portion of the board 'who should be - dire-tors, and responsible to the rest, who would b=luply tctees. He hoped also that, before entering again -nto such a competition as the recent one with the 1 , Lancas4ire, the directors would call the shareholders together, and lay the case before them, when a committee of propriotors would probably be appointed, to meet a similar coxmittee of the company opposed, and arrange the matter, or refor it tO arbitration. The resolution was carried imanimnougly, as also a, subsequent rohlution declamiu a dividond it the Wp, of 21. 2s. 6d. on the 100. 3teek for the half-yesr, and in prDEOrtion on the other stock, with 2i per cent. on the 16. shares. The retirin directors an dauditor were re-elected. After the Ciairman had declared the business endid, a long discussion took place in xeference to a chsrge made by some Bradford merchants against M. Anderton, the chairman of the traffc committee, of procDring returns of the trade of differcut firns in that town, with America, ali communicating the result toa eaing house ir Bradford. The C0IAN a, and abo 3M-. STuART and Mr. GEoRG: s'W11Sox (directors), stated that full in quir hd oeen m*adc and it was found that the returns hiad been obtained for perfectly legitimate objects in connexion with watching over the trfsic of the company, and those who complaned h*1 not accepted an offer of arbitration in the matter. Mr. ASNERTON also protested against the charge,: su pointed out several mis-statements which had been =adi by those who had gedit. A long and irregular discussion ensued, which ended, oit the motion of MIr. EvAqis, in the appointment of a committee, consistig of five shareholders, to report to the noex meeng-fir, as to hether Mr. Anderton had, any ipropser motiveinl obtaining theseoreturns; and, aecondly, whether he ade any improper use of themn. Mr. EC Holdsworth, Mr. W. Evans, and lr. J. C. Harter -were ncninatedon the part of the meeting, and the other twc' members of the committee are to be nominir.te(, one by tha nemnoxialidts and the other by Mr. A.derton, within a-fortnight. Mr. M'Clune and other gentlemen of the memorial.. ists agreed to be bound by the result, and to bring their trafflc again upon the line if the report exonerated M.. Anderton. I The business closed with a vote of thanks to the chair.. MJ])LAND GREAT WESTERN. The directors have decided upon recommending to their proprietors a dividend of 5 per cent. per annum, free o.F income-tax, for the half-year ending the 31st of December last. DEARNESS VALLEY. The half-yearly meeting was held at York onFriday,. Mr. Nathaniel Plews in the chair. The report stated, that in consequence of the unfavour-. able state of the money-market the directors have not. thought it advisable to take steps for calling up any portion of the capitaL They have advanced 716!., required on account of preliminary expenses. The line has been carefully re-surveyed and staked out. The result is satisfactory, the engineer beng of opinion that the earthwork can be considerably reduced. There are to be two timber viaducts over the river Dearness, each about 132 yards in length, and not exceeding 40 feet in height. A single line of wtay will be laid dow at rs, bult sufficient land w.ill be taken for a double line. The reportwas adopted, andthe retiring directors, Messrs. Hunter, Leeman, and Dodsworth, -were re-elected.. The engineer was instructed to prepare plans and notices to be served upon the landowners, and plans and specifications for the construction of the line. A vote of -thanks to the chairman closed the business. RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURA NCE. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held sesterday at the offices, Old Broad-street. The xeport stated that the assount received for premiums of assurance during the past half-year was 4,211U., being 3,9611. on account of railway accidents, and 2501. on account of general accidents. ne total income for the year 1S55 amounted to S,7821 The balance at the credit of revenue amounted to 6,3191., from which was deducted 4,63. for working charges and Government duty, including 1,558!. paid as compensation, leaving a balance of 1,653!., which, with the sum due from the clearing-house and agents, amounts to 2,4041., gut of which the directors recommend the payment of interest on the paid-up capital at 4 per cent. per annum. The number of single journey-tickets issued during the past half-year was as follows --23,901 first-class, 4b,077 second-class, and 64,202 third-class-of double journey tickets, 5,422 first-class, 10,421 second-class, and 21,427 third-classalso 2,321 periodical tickets. The number of tickets and policiesissuedinthehalf-yeareas less than in the corresponding period of 185. The receipts of the company have considerably increased since the com.mencement of the pre-. sent year. 'Thereceiptaforsevenwreeweto the 17thofFebraarv amountedtol,739 .,againstl,3771. atthecorrespondingperiod of 1855. The issue of polces against general accidents has been successful. Since the commencement of the year 1T claims have been made for compensation-namely, 1 for railway accidents and six for general accidents,-which have been promptly met by weely allowances and otherwise Since the formation of the companythey hare paid 18,873l as compensation for railway accidents It was stated that out of 29,000 periodical tickets issued bbythe loompan for periods of time from one to 12 months, clnis for fatal and other accidents had a-veraged 1 in 277, which was a different result to that shown by the bluebooks, The report was adopted, and the dividend declared. NEWRY AND EYKISKILLEN. In an abstract of the report of the directors of this company which apeaxed in 1The Times of yesterday it was stated that they have filed a bill against their late chairman for 1,7561. Against this item he states that he holds the certificate of the company's engineer for works done by him (the late chairman) amounting to 3,9131., that the works in question were carried out by hlim at the special request of his colleagues, and preved a very successful czpose of the nature of railwaxy contracts, as the actual cost of the w orks did not exceed 50 per cent, of the sums named in the tenders sent in by contractors. RAILWAY BILLS UT PAMBIIAMENUT. . AnERDEEx, P'vnREa , AMD iAMEiURGH RAILw-AY.-The standing order comittee of the House of Commons have decided that the parties be ye-mitted to proceed with their bill, providel they deposit amended crosssections. DEEsIDE A-n,.D .AFoRD VY-ku RaILWA X.-On condition that a supplementary subscription contract, -sifliciert to make up the amnount requlired by the standing orders,, is lodged wvith the House, the bill of this company mayF be proceeded with. h ihe oo ,f ss.0 T.4s.,h,n Horasey, and Wlesden Rtailway the standing orders are to he dispensectmn WxsraITSmSTE TxnIrtuS RAiw- (WIF;S Loxos ExTE'sio.N).-The committee have decided that the standing orders are not to be dispeesed with. THAMES HTvEN DocK AisD 1AiLwA.Y.-The estinsate for constructing the proposed dock harIbour is-37,003l. CAR' T S N CixnsG E.liR4T Y.-The estimate of XT. Brunel, the engineer, for the deviations- onthisiMe is 190,0001. FonBAraRTmE AND BTrcnAw RBzLwA3.-The estimated cost of constrmcting the propsed line frornthe Great Kortlt of Scotland to Strichen is 245,0001. TRAFFIC IRETEINS. Eiles Pas- Me- Totl otal open. sengTs. c'andisc. 1S56. mS55 f. £. £. £. WeeS endiw Feb. 23. Edinburgh and Glasgow .. 142 -.. .. 42 _. Week ending Feb. 24. Caledona.u - .. L .4.. - .. 9.9 Great Northern .. .. 253 .. .. 20,04 _. 17,9? *North Staffordshire . .. - .. -. 6,SS& _. 3.24 Weea ending March L B,elfast andBallymens .. - .. 492 .. 3731 ..8X .. 633 Cork, Blackrccl, and Pas- sage. .. .. -... 170.. 113 Cork and >andon .. 2- .- .. 2 . 211 Week endinzgMarch 2. Beast and County Down.. - - .. - . 2f. 201 Great Luxembourg .. .. 31 .. .. 25e ..- iLondonandNorth-Western SW4.. - .. - .. 5D,901 .. 4,767 London and South-Western - .. S,2S3 ..42Ua .. 12. 50 .. 10,492 Week ending March S. Manchester, Sheffield, and IdncoDnabire .. .. 17p .. - .. - .. SliS . . 7.15S2 * The above is exclusive of traffic under agreementeith- the LonIdoa and 2;orth-Western Iailwayg Company. t The returns as published, are erdusbye of theLtraffiobf the Huddersfield Cansl, Shropahina Uion, NOrthlUnion. lbestn and WyZe. Soutb Jucction, Manchese andXucton, and Backiugbmshir nai'waym. Including i of theMhestr. South Jntion, aadAltrlnchimn receipts, Grimaby Dock duties &c, and CheeterOeld a receipts.
To the ELECTORSo otthe BOROUGH of BOSTON. Gentlemen. A 11ER a canvass of your borough I find that the X-local interests of the two other candidates so far influience the votles of a considerable niumber ofCtheelectors as to induce my'friends to thin-k it wold not bc advLsalje fof use tfo frler dist rb tbe peace 6C thebaoough by continning the present contest. I therefore withdraw I~ncit Ibve o tankyouforthe3ret ourtesy I have received at ~burands an altdughI sn wel awrc.fromn thie numerous flatterwig Caues f upot. hae rceiedduring MaY canvas thiat I ~us~bbae lile a arg stnubrof'voes,I yet ocrnsider the cijutest ,roid arebee to unectin~o s-srantnynow proceptding further. orfahflatndobliged servant, B. W. A. SLEIGH. CUosorpitte Room1s; RcdnmTioii,H46 sto. March 4. 1858. *rUNNESTY. -ouD,inheWsworth.road, y pooL'L;r 3ran. a. vaubINIMND11G. which he aLt once broughtto the wr~iter tohv tidetsdi Ihe Times. he havingz no mneans Orf doing so. Whee a ottesamef may have, it on dearihibi the marks, Ac, n aigteepne.A'ddless A. B., at jf.Sa~,bater,nhoog.oa,Ditn TIERNAL 1)ET-ojeihreigiethtonhedyf th aethereof, ther eeCNILE n lT STDb e the undersigned Notary Pulc nthe presencu fhsEolec Count de azvradie. Envoy ExtraordinAry and Mnse luptn tisryof His Mort Faithfufl Majesty iii London,aiof.(.X.d JBrito, Esq.. Financial Agenit in London of the Pruus oen cenit. the following PORTITGUGESE BONDS, Debetue' nder'tificates, amounting together to the sum of £94,288 Os. l0d., which the salil agent declared tomie had be-en re-ceived fnr conversion undeor the decree of the 18th December~, 1852, approved of by the law of theo lit of June, 1853, between the periods of the Ist of July and the 3lst of December, l&-'o. viz.:- 118 Five per Cent. Bonds, of 184U . £28,050 2 Provisional Certificates. ditto 553 44 173 Four per Cent. Bonds, of 1845 . ' 90 00 131 Three per Cent, Bonids, of 18431,990 0 0 48 Provinional Certificates, ditto.54 13 6 4 Three per Cent. Bond.,. of 1835 . 600 0 0 4 Debentures of various emissions . 35 0 0 193 Capitalization Certificates, of 1851.-3.552 14 0 673 Bods, &c., amountingtoSeth to the rin of £94,258 0 10 WILA .VESN.. Notary Public. London. Mrarch 5,1856. Amo,unt of Bonds, &r.. cancelled and deposited by by Mr. W. Webb Venn. Notary Public. up) to the 30th of June. 183, as per notioe of 28th of Septem- ber following.£ 5.774 794 5 1 Ditto, cancelled and deposited. this day..94 -288 0 10 ¶!otal converted up to the 31st of December. 1855 4.. 2864,083 5 11 2rew Three per Cent. Bonds issu3ed from the lst of July, 1865 to theo 3bst of December of the samne yar Letter A. LNo. 1,847 to 1.875, of £5 . 1,5 - ,-41.078 to 41,704. of 100 62,700' - .-2.591 to 2,947, of 200 11.400 -D.- 3,188 to 3,228, of 500. 21,800 7VOD Active Certifcatea.600 1 5 Deferred ditto.4,188 7 10 £101,89 9 3 A. General Statement of the Sumns converted, and of those remaining unconverted, onL the 3lst of December, 185. Converted. 'Unconverted. Five per Cent. Bonds, of 1841. and Certificates. including£6,900 intc ze P. di. X£ s. d. Internal Debt . . . 1,862,84629 1,639.28 15 6 Your per Cent. Bonds, of 158, in-i cluding £6605 ditto . . . . 3,586,080 00 Z8,450 0 0 Three 3er Cent. Bonds, of I818 =od Crtificates., includin,0 664. 9 £ 1073 5Ofd., ditto . . 32307 6.71 7ie e Cent. Regency Bonds ..I 300 00 2,200 0 0 Three verCent.Bonds, of 1835 1,000 0 0 L6 0 0 Debentures.. . .. . 10,653 00 49,315 0 0 Capitalization Certificates, of 1851 including £8.S1146a. 3d. int lutema5l Debt .427,803 9 5 9,19 14t0 £5S,951,838 27 £2,S31,003 9 3 iondn, barch5,196. 0. C. X.de BRITO, Financial Agent. TJPHEATRE ROYAL, ])RURY-LA-NE.-Lessee, JL Mr. , T. Smith.-Acting M6anager, Mr. Charles Mathews.-. Stage Manager. M1r. Robert PRoxby.-Tho Scenery by Mr. William 3Beverley.-The box-otfice oxien daily from l0 till 6 'clock. under the xuperintendence of Mr. Edward Chatterton.-The Last 9 Niht of the Greatest Attractions ever produced at this Theatre.-The ast 9 Nights. of the Inimitable Comedian, MEr. Chales Mathews.-The Last 9 Nights of the Pri7.e P'aatomime, and the only Opportunity of witnein Iit-The Reduced Prices as usual.-Mr. Charles Mathews i'ntoo his Mos(,t ftuliar Characters-THIS EVENING, for tho BEN-EFIT of Mr. GEORIGE WILD), wil be performed DELICATE GRlOUIND. Characters by Mr. Charles Mathews. Mr. ItRoxby. and Miss SM. Oliver. Alter which, the interlude of COURtTSHIP AND CONGRVES,in wich r. GorgeWildand Mifss. Fanny Williams willperorm Toconlud wih te gandcomic Christmas panto- Jnd tLeVSeven Thredaof Mand Tho,-cenrro (Faintdaby) Mr. Welliamd' comerdy. To n MARRIEDns two Colmbies, two aTHE ns LTwoE tip.ts, woClons(HaryBALenoit and tom Mrllantthes).nPrincipa Cancer,t Mis BSinray,a Wriht Doorsy opn athe acftst, antild comEenceGat 7. -f NOROAI THE A YR.-retAtractio.-TFor TJ2J tisNighthonly.-O Sandto-ororrday),x,3rhS Morth Bcktna T RE ASU CRE.in whicheMisuBlanch and Le widappearWitho thes frcnee imicpbe of att)SISIenSILingS to. businestsy his orignolal chreacuteere.dtheBurserriesAndthesOpeniong ofthe Pefmantoietof comHne withEISBL,wt l the bria fFA IV Ll. iantlscenery b Zisbctte.e3n SatrdAiayb,Manewcmedy inotree r.act es, ette The of M. ALCRI'I, wose uddn ad sver indisponsito aae neruslve 'te teate, nd he ollwin bemnt artisted Ilnsenhason Mtte. r. . one; penlA. It. is eeve s MADyAila adm WGiss.ER Ane efcilenrteBn ndsCorup r e ese. onggdutor-Mr.n T.reprmsnatin ofed TobIflowdb hudEIC March GR3ND in wheiycht r. Cheatrles. ahw.M.D y andj (Thun livrd(y) the kindpermdaissio THE B. T.Sih PR .wl appeaor. T (Fncldey wit DuEAFe AS POT Woderesf crcel n Tcale, %sand.AC.'m201, Regentstret adTheprincoipalelirarey ad Jsn Husiades'.Dooe opn at 7. an erfomiancstt omne at half-ea Eleant7 'clock. omcPatmieofJckad lYCEUM THXATRE.S Metbig agod atthe TANIALo E ERTYLADNINS em RaigtEBwhoLeDoNth talnt at LRGN).T present inLnopBx- rienwopenrietsr eavenprywhaere thMntr freehold of SIR thes telebrated freod soet doiuong ia- entoagedr foreape acoandrprsntdation tof Lhe nueoN IBLs & earnso 013poulsnyarpaeb of thuemLyeum, Thatdinre.etemazo rdcn to-eme orrowh(Fiday)i (a Juvnile gTsa , clbatWoderfu Womti n,an'; the Pae ntsomem a deAgame ofe Romps.qen Thea ePanto imueever Evmienig T=ero H EAT NUB ESYA, secu e LPn heIenti efreehlo,wingb House.-Bein a 7, ad teminae at 1.-Geatlished in Blese Bby a Rea OYrAme.- tADm eRo heMs-t PpLaLSan UlcndrthBreqe MandgeeCtomicg Panoielp.-ofrakn the B ean. o talk (sPHeLP-rformed b omneday before Her wMabeiresntedDiman pla of TH : byO MrES. anr d.wMrd. keley. iWer tr.helnew Taco conludedwtlx BLeSE BABYdy by Mr. aONDERs. Do e eley. Andr thels 33oyalburlesquen and.n comi pat oie,clld A3 H BEARSTAL; or Hasequi andMoterfoomed at heomedy aof TUHETREROYL AELP TH(EBUIRDE .LadELA3GIG)-T? reentprprEVErNhaING puh;rcae as o afor moe mpl acommdaton Toth numerous patronso the ffete or hichit s s rilvesall ceebrted tothisend asndets T HoberoDE BENFTluded , seuei n the enageetfrtire freod wil bame caSpUED,o hearingWguarante interest ofm5peril Centu, pheranpens n en, ti~tligeac Modebcntureplert toei axtransfrdiable freet adisonl tio everys loner.conludng rit th Grat seethisobeinu ted u onyfrteehl inete TaEMunapproahabe. Funllerfcuhorasvlbe pubder.list hreei hthecuse of the month, qietha thenfornmei IofDppndton. OanTIC8E. .-Ms WyRESheJlye~o6T -etr. .mendaaer the naemterdnt ofo~rt hespervceof the BeNebrTao 3iR.PHEiAS&OFWdnsay. March.LO, wil bedpeenenoia' concudewith ther u coeadyiof atH WONER Donleon Fiel,MrPe aeosx- omiceoene from 11 ticllcrciey3.cereev S TRANDTHEROALR.3ls EATANS' BheNhFIT.rc -Ontae Saurane, Maorchs 8, wilbeprftorme thsi coey of T PrihtnciTal cheacebrsabydIr. SAlders. Mr. appear,ifonr~ thislwallt with Bthe farceho TH OTEYTIK toucomencey wthxth wMA S D AC. toaoncbndegwitnnthg of ApiLAU comimnu calleds Ao MeRR CR.STMA14 ANDw P3ndaretty ero. ae ad MADAME CLARA- NOV-ELLO Will RETURN to ,v.ENGLAND) about the 31st?March. All communications to be addressed to "Niace Maritime, Sardinia, Italy." iJR. LAND) begs to announce his RETURN 'to ..YLLONDON for the season,andwiliReceive his 1upflisas nua. Addess12,Hide-tret, aukeser-quae;or: Messrs Cramer, MILLE.CECILI MARESinform her patrons, lfISS ST.. AMAND begs to inform her pupils and .1kfriends that she hws returned to London for the season to REbUIVS her PROFESSIONA-L ENGAGEMENTS. AUl comomunicationa addressed to her, to the care of Meas.m Cramaer and Beale, Re- *DR-INCE's CLUBRAUET udTNI JLGROUNDS.-Gentlemen desru of becomig'ebr r e quesited to communicate with th Scetry r.Prne14Rgot street, WaterIoo-place, who wilfriheeyinfrai TRINCE of INALES. BA-ZAAR 07ad2, EL Regent-street.-A great variety of PARIhAN NOVELJTIES. just reeied, for SALE,, axnd depO3t for the Perfuery de la SocilcO. BygieniSq'uvede Paris: also a Gallery of fine Paintings and the Cosineramsa. Dioramic, and Planoramnic Exhibition, witbh a suerIe of splendid views. Q4~ECURE YOUR STREET DlOORS~-:HOBB~S's ~ONEW LEVER LAITCH, machine made, pri-ce l0s.-Hobbs,Ashiey, and Co., lock manUfact(orY. 97. Cheapside. SAFETY for STREET DOORS.--CHUBB7s pATEN-T LATCE[ES. with small and neat keys at vey moderate pricea. Fireproof safes of all Sizes, and Chuhb's Detector Locks for every pupoe. fllustr.sted lists sent on application.-Chubb and Son, 57, St. Paul' churehyanl. () II'TICERS, on leave from Scutari or the Crimea, and who are about to returnt are invited tofitspet thelrge an 'varied aasortment of MiILfTAR- FIEL D GLASSES and REONNOITrRING TELESCOPES, 'embracing the very latest improvements, at CAL~LAGHAIi's, 23a, New Bonti-street, comner af Conduit-street. N.E.~ Sole agent for the celebrated opera-glasses and race-glasses made by Voi.tl.nder Vienna. rPHE EXHIBITION TELESCOPE, price 15.g.-Mr. JLER.SOLOMONS. ratentee of Spectacles, 27. Old B3ond-atreet, inTenter of the Organic Vibrators, for thereliefof deafness, piece 16g.. haa 0cntructed armost powerful small WAISTCOAT POCKET-GLASS, to discern minute ob3ecct at a ditan2ce offrom four totfiremiles. It in found inkvaluable for. shooting and deer stalking, to sportsmen, gent Ile maen, and gawrekeepers. Miost important improvemients in telescopes, og.eris and rico glasses, and microscopes. Only to be had at 27, CIat BSond-street. Piccadilly, Lotidon. and 19. Nfassau-street, Dublin. THE GREAT FIRbE at COVENT-GARDEN T EiEATREIn the presence of a' cOalarty almost unexamspled in ma itude-almost incredib!e in the awfuhlu denne of its occurreflce-alnQ3t incalculable in the devastatiou it has-caused, andthe far greater misery and ruin it will entail iuon hundrtds of industrious amd deservirg pernons.-it has lbeen deemed expedientby a number of,; gentlemen, friends of Professor Anderson and intere.sted in many ays", m Covent-garden Theatre, to fonn themselves into a Comnmittee for the. purpose of receiving SUBSCRBU IONS fortheimnmediaiti R7ELIE the SUFEER SERslythe dreadlful CONFLAGRATIONof Wedned. Miarch 5. Not making this appeal specially on behalf of the' enerprisinm. . and meritorious individnEalwho, has beeu at thehead of this colos al dramatic enterprise since Chrisemas last, andrwhose fortunes are ship Wrecked hn thin dire tempest-mit making it so much in reference tothe. .very many tradesmen in the vicinity whose property has been destroyed: m=ndwrhoee interests seriousy affected by this nulooked-for event,-hut.. malcmg it puecially, earnestly, and resprectfurlly in favour ot the xboqr and lowvly, of those whose lot it is to labour-for the hundreds of industrious artists and artisns whohave been thron out of employmentfor the numerous workpeople who have lost their clothes, their tool4 eTerything they possessed, in the general ruin-to help thoserwho cannot help themselves The Committee confidentljthrowthercelves onthe. charitable sympathies of- the public; believing that- mercy to be the most eficacious which is the speediest, they have taken the initiative ihembodinhg in a practical form the expressoi of'symphthy thatwil bet naturally evoked by a. disaster so great, sRo undooked for, andi so terrible. Subscriptioml for the "Fire at Covent-ganten Theatre Relief Fundl will be receivedl at the Poyal British Bank, Strand; Sams' Roysa lbrapry,n .St.Ja mess-street; and ,at Mar. 31itcheds lRoyal library, 33, -' iTHEATRE RlOt, DRURY-LANE o Lessee. Mr.: E. T. Smiith. For the BENEFIT of Mr. GEORGE WILD. THIS EVENING, DELICATE GROUND. Characters by Mr. C. Mathews, 3r. R. aoxby, andm iss M. Oliver. After which, COURTSHIP ANID CONGREVES. To conclude wvith HEY DIDDLE DIDDLE. THEATR.E ROYAB, HAYMARKET. Under the 'Management of.b1r. Buckstona. THIS EVENING, XARRIED LIFE. Characters by Mr. Backstone, Mr. Howe, Miss Swanborough, &c. After which, THlE LITTLE TREASURE. To be folowed by LEND afE FIVE SHILLINGS. Tocondude withlthe Opening Scues of Tl1E BUTTERFLY$SBAIL. ROYAL PRINqESS'. THEATr.: Under the Management of 3tr. Charles Kesa. THIS EVENING will be presented THE FIT PRINTER. Charaicters by Messrs. Ryder, Everett, F. M.atthews, Fisher,_ Mellon, Cathcart., and C. Kan; MhIisses Heath. Murray, Eglinton, and Mrr. W. Daly. To conclude v;Ith HRLEQUIN AND THE MAID AND THE AGPIE; or, The l?airy Para"ais and Hanky Panky the Enchanter. THEATRE ROYAL, ADI PaL Proprietor. afr. B. Webster. Directrems Madame Celete. THIS EVENING will be presented BETSY B h Chrers by Mr. Keeley. hlr. PasUe, Miss Wysdhami, and 3rs. ReeleI A ter whicb. THAT BLESSW BABY. To conclude with JAeK ANiD THLE BEAN STALK. | OYAL OLYlPIC THEATRE. Lessee, MSr. Alfred W'igarm TISM EVENING. STILL *WATERS RUN DEEP-Mr. asr Ms. A. Wigan. To conclude with TPHE DISCREET PRINCESS; or The Three Glass Distaff.-Messrs. P. Robson, Emery, Danvess, E. cooper, Caton, VWMite: Missewk Julia S' Geotge, Marson, Ternan, MeU, and Stehenas. Conmmenee at j past 7.. THEATRE ROYAL, SADLERIS-WEILS. Under the Maagement of Mr. Phelps. THIS EVENnIG will be presented A NEW WAY TO PAt OLD DEBTS. Characters by Messrs. Phelps H. M-arstion Lunt, Ray, and L. Ball Misses&Atkinson andJ.Marston. After hich, AIDVICE GRATIg. To conclude with BROTHER BEN. ROYAL SURREY THEATR. Lessees. Messrs Shepherd and Creswick. THIS EVENING will be presented JASPER LANGTON; or. A Duel to the Death. Jasper Langton, Mr. Creswick. After which THE SAIOR OF PFRACM To conclude with THE RISh TUTOR. ._ . ASTL'Y'S ROYAL AAMPHITHEATRE, Lesee and Manager, Mr. W. Cooke. THIS EVENING will be presented THE ARAB OF THE DESERT AND IS FAITHFUL STEED. After which, the b&ene3 in the Circle and the Ascent of the Elephant. To conclude with HARLEQUIN AND ST. GEORGE AND THE DRAGON. TO CORPRSPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of T7he Tim nm reduced to 4d., and that'5d. is the price of a copy -with the impressed stamp affixecd. Under the amended reaulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is triismisible by:post to British colonies and foreign countries 'without an inpressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not neceosarfly for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake th--retursrrejected communications. W The publicationfoT TsarT commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday - moming, and filshed at 20 minutes to 10.
LONIDON, THURSDAY, fARCH 6, 1856. In the House of Comnmons yesterday, Sir W. CL&y, in moving the second reading of the Church-rates Abolition Bill, adverted to the existing state of the law and the actual position of the country, with reference to this question. Isince the decision of the House of Lords. Church-rates, which had long virtually ceased, might now, he said, be considered to exist no longer; yet contests continued to spring up, setting neighbour against neighbour, producing strife and animosity among professors of a conimonfaith, and in which public sinpathy was not with those who obeyed the law, but with those who violated it. He proceeded to discuss different forms of altering the law, and the various plans proposed with that view, in all of which he discovered fatal defects, either in the principle or in the machinery, having found, he said, no plan -ithoro pioputiedp -Whch would not render the law more obnoxious than it was at present. The only effectual remedy, in his opinion, was that embodied in his bill, which abolished church-rates, savmg where there were charges upon them, and substituting voluntary contributions, to be collected bythe churchwarden, whose ofice and power it preswrved; and the bill provided that auditors, to be elected by the vestry, should cont.ol the disbursement of the funds.' His biU of last year authorized pewrents; but, objections having been made to that provision, he had, given it up. In conclusion, he| reviewed and replied to the objections offered to the scheme contained in the bilU insisting that the Chprch was more deeply interested in the abolition of this odious impost than tho3e who resisted it. Lord J. L&S.-sFxs moved to defer' the second reading for six months. He observed thatfthis bill, introduced inthe speciousname of civil andreligious liberty, -was directly at variance with the fir;;t principles of justice and goed faith. The only grievance that could be alleged by the opponents of churchrates was that they violated the conscientious scruples of Dissenters, and he placed his opposition to the bill on the fullest and broadest acknowledgment of this grievance, which he was ious to redress. But throughout the bill there was not a word of reference to this grievance, while the enacting part imposed a real grievance. The billprofessed to substitute "other provisions" in lieu of church-rates, whereas all it did wasto give a superfluous sanction to charitable donations. The provisions of this unjust and iniquitous measure, he said, were based not 'upon the ground of any grievance, but upon fictitious pleas; first, that church-rates had for* some years in certain places: ceased to be made or collected,-so, to that extent,Dissenters had no arievance to complain of; secondly, that in parishes' where church-rates were still levied their collection gave 'rise to litigation and ill-feeling; but this had no' reference to any grievance of conscience, yet the measure would abolish an ancient and universal chargge upon property which secured to the poor the privilege of a free exercise of religious worship. Lord Jona minutely examined and 'severely. criticized the provisions of the bill, of the' real effect of which, he thought, Sir W. CLAY could not be aware. Its whole scope and object was, he contended, to place, in populous parishes, upon the shoulders of churchmen the whole expense of maintaining the fabric of the church, which the law cast upon- the commnon property of the country, while Dissenters 'would be empowered to interfere with every arrangement connected with the services of the Church and the dist-ribution of funds-collected from Churchmen. He concluded with an earnest appeal to Lord PAruIERroN to take up manfully this important and- diflicult question, which could be settled, he said, by the Government alone. This amendment was seconded by SbirS. NonrHCOTr, who considered the -real object of the bill to be, not to relieve Churchiein` or Dissenters, but to create what Sir W. CLAY! called peace,-such a peace, or solitude, as existed in Scotland. Its effect, in his opinion, would be, not to allay, but engender discord. - Sir G. G(Lhy said, independently of 'the appeal made by Lord J. AX-.-sR, he felt that the House had a right to expect some deelaration from the Government as to the course which, after full consideration, they had deemed it their duty to take with regard tothis'bill. Lord;. Msi ,. he remarked, had overlooked one most important 'cons~iderationnamely, the existing state of the law of church-rate under the decision of the House of Lords. It might be maintained that there was- a legal obligation upon parishes to provide funds for the sustentation of the fabric of the' church; 'but, after that decision, how was it to be enforced? 'It was now laid down as the law that there existed no I power, other than ecclesiastical censures; to compel the payment of church-rates, which it was optional with the majoritey of a parish to mal;e oi to refuse. Under these circumstances church-rates in large 'arishes -were practicaly abolishod,- and ample, means of reparing the churches had been provided by voluntary contributions. In these cities a#d :towns'church-tates could not be revived without re- oewving strife, and- contentioni. The; Government Were of opini6n, therefore,'- that. with re'SP8t 'toI'"these parishes the aboliti6n of church-rates nitist be recognized 'as an accomplished fact.' It Was 'argued, however, that' this was no reason why Til -other Parishes, where these rates were acquiesced in, th'ey shoud be 'abolished. Th Government felt that theie was much reason in this argument, aAd they. were not prepared to support the immediate 'and total abolition of church-rates throughout thle ";kingdom. They proposed that when rates had been -refused in a parish for a given time, and there wasW an expression of ' a 'deterimined: will on the part .-,f the ratepayers' -inot to ' pay them, -'thpy,. shouild cease to be' levied. This principle,'whiclb etiey>'regarded as a sound ond, had been em-' 'bodied in the bill, szmnctioned' by the 'heaas of tho' 'Church,' which -was introduced into ' the HRouse of Lords last session by the Archbishop of' CAN-iRBuav. In those places where the rates continued fhe saw no objection to allowincg a Tatepayerto claim exemption on. a declaratiofi 'that lio was a Disse'nter; but, although he thought such a person had no right, after such clanm of exenipti4n, to take part in the imposition of the rate, or to have any other connexion therewitli, he could not consent to other disyualifications,-to' shut the church door against Dissenters, or to' deny them the ordinances of the church, Ithe portals, of which should'be widened rather than narrowed. d Admitting, then, the principle.. of. immediate abolitioni where the rates had practically ceased, and of prospective abolition' where the expressed wish of the majority of a parish was opposed to them, the Go-. vernment were prepared to affirm this principle by voting' for the second reading of this bill, and they would propose amendments (the nature of which he indicated) to carry oiut their views in the commitiee. "''M. DIRsu.5owD suggested that the Government -should reject this bill, and bring in one themselves. -'A every person who had a house of his own got it with the church-rates upon it, he asked whether, when abolished, the rate was to go into the pocket of- the landlord. if so, he thought he should pay for it. The ATTorsuN-GxsmsAr. replied to what he conaidered an uncalled-for and unprovoked personal attack made upon him ty Lord J. MMXANNs in his absence, and vindicated himself from the charge of recklessness. Lord J. Russ=x said he had hoped that Sir G. GxBEY mnight have been enabled, on the part of the Government, to point out a course, satisfactory to the majority of the Eouse, that would smooth the difEiculties belonging to this questio'n.' But he had* chosen the inconvenient course of proposing to the House to sanction a bil framed in a very different spirit from that of his own pro,position, holding out a hope of certain somewhat complicated provisions to be proposed in the committee on the bill. The proposition in the bill was intelligible enough,-that to compel a Dissenter to pay church-rates was a hardship from which. he ought to be relieved. ,He dissented from this proposition, but it was a perfectly clear one. The case was this - On the one hand it was. said, " Here is an ancient law imposing on each parish an obligation-which all the judges agreed was a legal obligation-to repair the parish church;'but it could not be enforced, and was therefore evaded." But it. appeared' to him'i'that those who had a grievance on this subject were th6 members of the established church. Sir G. GREY said, if the law were enforced the peace of the country would be disturbed; he (Lord JoN) thought the chlurch might very fairly reply, that was a reason for the Ministers of 'the State, and minght ask in what other way means were to be supplied? How did Sir GEORGE Comply with this demand? By proposing to enact by act of Parliament that which was admitted to be an evasion of the law, and by promising the sanction of Parliament to future evasions. This increased the 'laim of the church to some substitute; but Sir GEORGFE proposed none. Then, to make the matter more complicated, those who objected to pay the rate were to be allowed to say they were not members of the Church of England, and to be thereupon exempted. Their exclusion from the vestry would put a mark upon Dissenters, which, while it stamped the church with a' sectarian character, would introduce a new element of disunion. If the bill fulfilled its professions, of making " other provisions" in lieu of church-rates, he should have approved it; but, instead of that, he found in it only provisions for controlling the church alms and voluntary offerings by persons who might or might not 'be Churchmen; and for these reasons hc should resist the bill. Lord PALMERSTON observed that this question was surrounded by the greatest possible difficulties, and the Government had prepared a plan which, in their opinion, was the best mode of dealing with it, and which they submitted to the House in the shape of amen'dments of the present bill. Laord J. Russri,r had maintained that churchrates was an ancient property of the church, founded upon the law of the knd; but he had failed to show how the church could avail itself of this property. It was a mockery to say that the church had a proporty which the majority of a parish could legally withhold. The course the Government proposed to pursue ought ins reason to recommend itself to Parliament, and it ha d in' its favour the authority of the heads of thechurch. Therewasnoalternativebetween making the rate compulsory upon every parishioner in every parish-which Parliament would not sanction-and such an arrangement as was now proposed; for to leave, things as they were would be not only virtually to abolish the rates, but to keep up perpetual strife and dissension. After some remarks by Mr. MAri, and a' disclaimer from Lord J. MuaNERs of any intention to make a personal attack npon the ATioRN-RmRAL, the House divided, when the amendment was negatived by 221 to 118, and the bill was read a second time. The other orders of the day were gone through, and the House adjourned at half-past 5 o'clock.
In an old family mansion there are always certain articles of furniture that undergo a periodical exauination into their merits, their purposes, and position. It is either an old armoire, or a cabinet, or a chest, -or a side-table, or a piece of tapestry, or a collection of monster vases, or a settee, or something absolutely indescribable. Where is it to be placed ? What use, if any, is to be made of it? What moderate amount of alteration will render it useful as well as ornamental, or ornamental as well as useful? Is it an article of dining-room or of drawing-room furniture V Shall it be placed in the hal, or the- boudoir, or out of the way in the garret? The fashionable mamma dismisses it to the housekeeper's room, and by and by the son at Oxford insists on its restoration at least to the hall. One might imagine the Church of EntIand to be just such an heirloom of the State, doubtful in its character, and uses, and position. At one time it is the spouse of the State, then the foster child, then the servant. It rapidly changes, as people choose to describe it, from absolute iden- ] tity to utter independence, and from a position to excommunicate the State to one in which every- | body is at liberty to repudiate her. As it happens, I the Church of England is not much given to excommunication; and few Dis§enters, on the other hand, like wholly to renounce her. Yet even in the course of one debate half-a-dozen theoiies -were brought to bear on her, but always, as we do everything in England, with a little qualificationcum granw salis. Sir WiLLwi CLAY would put the Church of England on a voluntary basis, by taking away church-rates and substituting .a legal machinery for the collection and expenditure of voluntary subscriptions. Yet his heart evidently misgives him in the very act, and there is n6thing in his bill to prevent the DissentersI from spending every sixpence of the money so c6olected. GIDEON says that tithes were introduced into the Church in order to save the remaining nine-tenths for secular purposes, and Sir WiLIAm CLAY would evidently interpose a wholesome limit to the exuberance of ecclesiastical zeai. On the other hand, Sir GEOIGE GRBY, taking advan- tage of the approach of Eas_er, vagupjy alludea to -certain possible amendments he may discover in 'that inventive and hopeful period The particular suggestion on w hichheniostrelies is tolet;off the Dissenter, as such, from 1he payment .of chu'rchrates. On his own 'declaration that he is a Disseii' ter he is to be excused his rate, a'pd go abroad without a grievance on h'is conscience 'or the -fret of iron in 'his sQut ' Wheix whole parishes have for a sufficient: period declared against the' rate, they too are' henceforth to rejoice in an entire immunity, 'and to remain as littlg |Goshens in a countri of 'spiritual darkness and ecclesiastical bondage. Fair exception may be taken to both these propositions, 'which perhaps may be said iof almost every proposition afecting the Church of ERngland. * Sir WILiL'Ala Cixy does not like to leave 'our ecclesiastical fabrics and our ancient system 'entirely in the, hands of professing church people. The vestry is still to have " a finger 'in the pie." It is to choose the auditors, -who are to allow or _disallow every sixpenee spent on the church, even though neither vestry nor auditors may have contributed one sixpence, and the whiole of the money has come out of the pockets of the church people. As a pecuniary arrangement, this is a strong measure. The precise character of the audit is not explained in 'the bill,' and, for anything that there appears, a High Church elergy|man, with his High Church churchwaiadens, slight spend a thousand a-year in dressing up the church in the most mediteval garniture out of a private subscription, and then present to the auditors a formal account of 31. lOs. spent in dusting and doormats, to be allowed or disallowed at their highnesses' pleasure. It stands to reason, however, Ithat a voluntary measure must cut both ways. The object is to give both sides equality and independence, and that is not. gained by taking the private subscription of a High Clhurch congregation, and placing it under the control of auditors chosen by Dissenters. We are supposing an extreme case, but there will be many extreme cases, and it is by pushing things to an extreme that the Dissenters have emancipated so many parishes froin hurch-rates, and brought the question to its present pass. In fact, we need not look beyond this metropolis for the case of churches jwhose congregations' cannot go so far as they would like to do, but are kept in order and in a certain sort of subjection by external authority. On the other hand, while we see the injustice of church people subscribing money to be spent, or at least audited by Dissenters, we cannot blame ithe evident anxiety of Dissenters not to lose all footing in our churches. These fabrics, old or new, still are the property of the State, for even their consecration is' a process of law, and what is so consecrated becomes a creature of law. The veriest Dissenter cannot but feel that he has an interest in these fabrics, more reversionary, perhaps, than actual, but an interest which takes great hold on the imagination, and which church people would do well not to refuse, or even gradge them. The chief amendment hinted at by Sir G. GRE:y seems open to other objections. It would create a new class and a new legal description of a rather awkward character. At present there is no> legal class of " Dissenters" in this country. Wien a man takes out a license for a meeting-house he may have to compromise himself as dissenting from the doctrine and discipline of the Church, but lhe does not compromise a single member of his congregation. The so-called Dissenter may go for fifty years to his meeting-house, may comimunicate there alone, be married there, have his children baptized there, be a deacon there, have his family vault there, and be the whole of his life wrapt up in that building and. congregation, yet aUl the time be a Churchman in the eye of the law. At any moment he may demand I the benefit of Church ordinances, and return to the full exercise and enjoyment of them without having to make one syllable of recantation. If he dies, the clergyman must pronounce 1him a Christian, in the Church sense of the word, and a heir of salvation. He may sit in vestry, take the chair, put questions to the vote, and act so far fully up to the notion of a Churchman. Whetlier this sounds just and proper we will not now pronounce, but such is the fact, and itwill be a very great revolution in the Church when the fact becomes otherwise. There is probably not a single individual in this country who has legally renounced the Church and disqualified himself for its ordinances. Indeed, we don't know how it is to be done, even if a man tried ever so much to do it. Sir GxoRGE Gnny, however, proposes to create a class of men who, having formally declared themselves Dissenters, will have theireby voluntarily incurred a legal disqualification, namely, for voting in vestry on the affairs of the Church. In the House of Commons such a rule has been attempted in the case of Roman Catholics, but it has been left to their own consciences, and the appeal must be considered to have failed. In the case before us-that is, in the debates of the parochial Commons-Sir G. GnEY would make self-confessed Dissenters incapable of taking part in Church questions. But here he stops short. He will offer no further disqualification. He will thus create a class' of men who may demand the sacraments from the Church, which is the greatest privilege of membership, yet may not have a voice in the control of her money, which is but a small affair.
The effect of po]itical institutions on art has always been a favourite subject for prize essays and debating clubs, but the decision has generally been influenced less by historical evidence than by the prepossessions of the class to which the speaker or writer belonged. If an undergraduate of the old Universities has to discuss the siubject, we can foresee at once the dogmatical judgment-that the spread of democracy must level genius to mediocrity, and destroy not only what is noble, but the power of representing it. A literary aspirant in Mllinois will take precisely the opposite view, and decide that' until mankind has 'risen to republicanism its art must be as cramped as its institutions. But experience teaches us to think a little deeper. The world has had a good deal of history and a good deal of art, and, as far as caui be judged, there is' little connexion betvveen forms of government and excellence in any artistic pursuit, from painting and architecture down to pottery or printing. If a wealthy class, with leisure for cultivation, could insure artistic excellence, England oug,,ht to stand high among nations. Yet, whatever she cmn do, it certainly seems that she cannot malke a statue, and can hardly construct'a decent public building. Aristocratic judgment has given uns tlhe National Galeiry and Buclingham Palace, the Nelson Monument, and the Wellington Statue. Nor is the taste of middle-class opulence more pure. Suburban retreats may be comfortable, but they present by no means graceful exteriors to tle. passer-by. Yet England has certainly not neglected art. Indeed, there is on every side a wearfy striving to produce something fine which is most dreary and melancholy. An Insurance-office has its Doric columns, a Lunatic Asylum rises in elaborate Tunon red-brick, in spite of protesting ratepayers, and the most ambitious design we have yet encountered is for an Asylum for Idiots. As to painters and sculptors, they obtain for their works sums v.which are the astonishment of Paris and MIunich But all seems of- little use, and though English art may claim to6pote-ssessome-sninor -excellencies, it can. hardly be termed good, and certainly has no pretence to be called great. If, however, *e -are not irremediably destitute of genius there must have been something wrong in the course we have taken to improve ourselves, .since it has produced so, few fruits. When the Houses of Parliament were to be built, it was pro. claimed that a great occasion for artists was at Lhnd. The Legislative Palace was to be decorated with fhistorical pictures and portrait statues, in order that :British genius might have a field of display. Art was not called in to honour the illustrious, but the memory of the illustrious was recalled that it might be a subject for art. If the r~esult has been unworthy it may probably be -traced to this unphilosophical and untrue conception. We have now a proposal of a different and a wiser. thouglh more simple kind. Lord STA?noPE has induced the House of Lords to agree to an address to HEun MY xsTY in favour of forming a gallery of original portraits, " such por" traits to consist, as far as possible, of " persons eminent in British history." We must rejoice at this event both in the interest of history and art. There can be no doubt that our countrymen are essentially national in their education and associations, as well as practical in their tastes. A portrait is the artistic production which; most interests them, and a portrait of a'British Worthy would be more attractive than that of a Doge or a Pope. It is often observed that in England the people do not care for pictures unless the subject be striking,-that it is, in fact, not the skill of the representation but the thing represented which attracts the uncultivated taste. If this be true, then the best way to obtain a gallery that people uill go to more than once is to fill it with pictures which appeal to something more born of nature and less of education than the taste of the connoisseur. If a love or a judgment for art is to be formed, it must be based on a feeling which already exists among us. England, though she may have produced few great artists of her own, has always been famous for collectors of judgment and liberality. For three centuries she has never been without some great portrait-painter, either native or foreignw whose well-rewarded talent has decorated the haUs of her nobility, and transmitted to posterity the features of men eminent either for merit or hereditary rank The masterpieces of HoLEniw still atthact the crowds of visitors in the galleries at Hampton-court. The finest works of YAzYKE are in this country, mostly in scattered mansions, an(d known to the world in general only by engravings. Yet such is the power of genius that even these faint shadowings of the original works have sufficed to invest CHARTs and his Cavaliers with a favourable interest which even the positive assertions of history can hardly dissipate. LELY with his frail beauties, KDxs- LERwith his full-faced nobles, hand down the history of successive ages. Some of the finest portraits in the world, from the pencil of Sir JosHUA, preserve the features of the chief men of a most intellectual age. L&wuRBEw, though with no such high genius, has left striking resemblances of the men who preceded our own time. Three centuries filled with great names are fully illustrated by a succession of artists, some of incomparable merit, al highly distinshed by skill and feeling. But where are their works ? Windsor and Hamptoncourt are rich, and there are such seats as Knowle, the Grove, and Bowood, to which the historian or artist may make his pilgrimage; but no national collection exists to give a notion of British worthies or the men who painted them.. Such a collection it is now proposed to form, and, if the idea be embodied in a worthy spirit, the result will be noble. We conceive that the true principle is that of hopefulness,, and that the larger the design the more likely is it to succeed. Thera are two courses of proceeding,-0ne is to open a smal room under ground, approached by a passage, smelling of whitewash, and lighted by gas; to place in it some 20 portraits of individuals eminently obscure, with, perhaps, an apocryphal HoLxnEn- and a doubtful VAN?DY ; and to allot 5001. a-year for the purchase of new pictures, under the superintendence of a curator with twice that sum as salary. The other is to construct or purchase a large edifice in a situation free from smoke; to gather together the finest portraits which belong to the nation or are heirlooms of the CRows-; to allot a certain sum for the increase of the collection, but yet to trast less to purchase than to the generosity of individuals. Unique or masterly works are not always, nor even generally, to be had for money. But ours is a country of oldestablished houses, great wealth, and no small patriotism. There is hardly a family of old standing which does not possess a work which would fitly take its place in such a collection. We believe hardly a month would pass without some valuable picture being presented by a possessor, who would be glad to see it added to a fine and well-arranged gallery. There would be more frequent presents to the actual collection in Trafalgar-square but that men will not intrust the works they love with a peculiar fondness to a narrow set of rooms, so ill kept that the visitor is at times driven back by the noisome stench, and is glad to escape into the open air. Collectors often love their collections more than the money vhich they will bring when sold; and many a man of taste with a son who prefers a portrait of the " Pnmoo PEr" to an original ConxGGio would much rather leave his pictures to the nation than have them scattered by an auctioneer within a month after he is in the grave. Let the Government provide a spacious building, and even if at first only a twentieth of the space be filled they may be confident of .the future. Yet the Commissioners should exercise a wise discretion in the purchase or acceptance of portraits. A work may have one of two claims to notice. It may be the resemblance of an eminent man, or it may, though the portrait of one totally unkmown, be itself a striking work of art. In either case the argument for admission will be strong. If it would be absurd to reject the "CHAzmos SnAYspREsmi" because the execution is not of a high order, it would also be a sore trial to a man of taste to tun away from a masterpiece of Yxsnx'Dx because it only represented some Cavalier lord whom the world has forgotten. But, as a general rule, we think] it will be advisable to act in accordance with the resolution, and postpone the claims of art to the even higher puirpose of collecting the authentic portraits of those who have in their several paths of eminence illustrated the history of their country.
There is scarcely a day in which the duty does not devolve upon us of publishing letters from persons who complain of illiberal treatment from those who regulate the affairs of the army; and the cases of hardship that are published form, of course, but a small proportion of those that actually occur. The country, at aU times jealouw for the honour arid wellbeing of its army, has already shown in no undecided manner how it sympatlhizes with the sufferings of its brave defenders, how it appreciates the heroism of their endurance in the camp and the biilliancy of their exploits in the field; anud, wlhile thus ready at all hazards aud at anay expense to assist the living heroes with all the means in their power, and to crown them witlh all the rewards that the Government can devise, it is with a Aill more sacred feeling that we remember the dead, and pour out our gratitude for the blood poured out by them. That debt of gratitude there is not a man throughout the country who does not feeL It is not an affair of a few marble monuments and a few dismal epitaphs. The necessity of doing something more, of caring for those who are the chief mourners for these departed heroes, has been fully and honourably recognized. Among other honours it was proposed by a Royal Waxrant to pay back to the relatives of those officers who fell in battle the purchase-money of their conmnissions. In many cases to procuro those commi-sions the means of a family have been heavily taxed, and it was an act of the merest justice that, if the officer laid down his life, he should not be made to pay heavily for the honour of laying it down. It is no doubt true that these commissions are purchased, to a certain extent, on chance, and the young subaltern must run the prospective risk of a colonelcy or a coffin; but he must do so in every case, whether he purchase or not; and, if it be necessary to maintain the system of buying, promotion, it was surely wise to prevent Iit from becoming a system of buying death. It will be seen friom some of the letters which we have published that, however good may have been the intentions of the Royal Warrant which directed this reimbiursement, and however generously its various provisions may have been interpreted by the country at large, those who administer its benefits have not -understood its clauses in the samne liberal spirit. One of the conditions.for example, which entitles a claimant to the advantages of the warrant is, " provided the sur"viving relative to whom the price of the commis"sion may be returned shall not be precluded by "wealthy circumstances." What are " wealthy "circumstances ?" Who is to decide the question ? Lord PANw;rx has given the defiition-a definition which-will probably become as celebrated as a certain description of re3pectability too well lnown to be repeated. 'Whoever has 3001. a-year is " in " wealthy circumrstances." An officer spent the whole of his small, patrimony in the purchase of his commission; he distinguished himself at the Alma, at Inkermann, and fell in the final attack on the Redan. His widowed mother had lent him 1,8001. to enable him to purchase his advancement, and now, because she has 3001. a-year, although out of that smun she has to support an invalid son. and his wife, who are mainly dependent upon her, Lord PAS-?luItE decides that she is precluded by "wealthy circumstances" from sharing in the benefits of the Royal warrant. There may be doubts as to what constitutes " wealthy circum" stances," but there is no ambiguity -i the condition which requires the claimant to sign a declaration certifying that he has " no pension, allow" ance, or provision from Government," and that he is in " distressed circumstances." The father of an officer who has sacrificed his all, perhaps, to procure a commission for his son, cannot, if he has any pension from Government, obtain-the benefit of the warrant. These, i' is true, are individual instances, but they are examples of the very imperfect manner in which the War Department has caught that liberal spirit in which the country would wish to deal with her soldiers, and it would be easy-to multiply examples. We must refer to one more-it is that of the widow of a General Officer who died lately of his wound, received at Inkermann. He hacd purchased all his steps in promotion, and .in so doing had left his widow without a stitable provision. If he had sold out the price of his commission would not have been less than 10,0001.; buit he sought service, distinguished himself, was promoted to the rank of MIajor-General (by which he lost the power of selling out), and before he had been many months in the enjoyment of his General's pay was shot through the body. He lingered for nine months. Had he died at the end of sim his widow would have received the pension to which the widowv of a General Officer killed in action is entitled, but because he lingered three months longer the regulations are such that she receives only half that pension. This is the niggardly spirit in wvhich the rewards of a great nation ate doled out to the families of its departed heroes. So it is -with every detail-absurd parsimony here to make up for disgraceful prodigality there. The War Department has adopted the most vulgar of aU vulgar errors wvith regard to economy. Their ideal of this virtue seems to resemble the vulgar idea of virtue in general. A little virtue in its most rigid form is supposed to be a fair eqaivalent for considerable indulgence in vice. It is a doctrine which has the merit of being very easily carried into practice, and the further merit of setting a very high value on a very small amount of virtue. Its weak point is, that, rating small virtues extravagantly, the higher excellences come to be of no account whatever, and are systematically trampled upon. Yet such is the idea of economy that prevails in our war administration. With the enormous sums that have lately been placed at the disposal of AMinisters, it certainly can be no fault of the House of Commons if prudence degenerates into cruel parsimony. With what confidence did 3inisters the other night lay before the House of Commons army estimates amounting to 35,000,000L.-with such confidence, indeed, that they did not thlink it necessary to explain the different items with the most ordinary clearness. Able to draw upon so liberal a purse, how is it that we so constantly hear of these rebuffs given to claimants who certainly deserve more liberal treatment? The amount thus saved is in the aggregate ridiculous. One of those large wanton blunders of which we hear every day would makle all the difference between liberality and parsimony. The blame must rest, not on the Commons, to whom ml'itary men are too apt to attribute it, but on their own superiors. The House of Commons is never stingy but when it suspects a job ; the War Department is always stingy except when committing one.
It is some time since we burnt down one of our national theatres, but the oversight was Sflly repaired yesterday morning. Of the Covent-garden of 1808 there is now left but a shell and a heap of ruins. Not half a century of existence has been granted to this structure, -which replaced Rics's Theatre, also consumed by fire inits day. Let us note at once that no lives were lost, so that the description of the calamity is divested of wellnigh all its horrors. The ludicrous character of many of the incidents which accompauied the conflagration was, indeed, calculated to inspire a feeling of a very opposite kind to terror. Imagine this as a scene in a Pantomime; the locts in quo, "the in-general-strewed-with-cabbage-stalks-but"on-Saturday--nights-lig-hted--iip-with-gaslamps- "Covent-Garden," as this famous locality is described in the Bejected Addresses; the time about 5 o'clock on a cold MIarch morning ; the theatre of Covent-garden being the principal feature in the background. Suddenly a light blazes forth from the interior of the theatre ; the building is on fire, and out come rushing, higgledypiggledy, maskers in the most grotesque costume, shepherds and shepherdesses, demons -with long noses, cavaliers, and half fainting ladies. The mob collects, the ruish of the fire-engines is heard, but still those bedraggled mummers pour forth from the burnidng building, sans masks, sans gowns, sans coats, sans everything. This is tho
COURT CIZRCULA1I His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge visited the Quee3n yesterday at Bucldngham Palace. The Dukeand Du`less d'Aumale also paid a visit to Her Majesty. -Us Royal Eighness Prince Albert, rode on horseback with the Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred, attended by Captain the Hon. D. de Ros and Mr. Gibbs. P.-ince Arthur, and the Princeises Alice and Helena, took £ drive in an open carriage and four. E-sIRoyal Highness Priuce Albert, attended by Viscount Torrington and Captain the Hon. D. De RoG, went in the evening to the Society of Arts, Adelphi. Her Majesty, accompanied by the Princess Royal and the 1Princess Alice, honoured the Haymarket Theatre with her presence in the evening. In attendance were Lady Churchill, Lord Waterpark, and Major-General Bucldey. A denutation of workpcople engaged in bleach and dye works had an interview with Viscount Paluerston yesterday on the s-ubject of the Bleach Works, &c., Bill. The deputation was headed by Mr. Charles Sturgeon, and consisted os John Waring (Bolton), C. W. Blatherwick (MIanchester), leinnder Sing (Glasgow), and Samuel Miller (Eanimersudth). Despatches were received at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Governors of Australia and the Governors of the West Indies.
L'OSTON ELEerIoN.-Yesterday it seemed some'what doulbtful whether Mr. Adams would proceed to the poll. Should he decline to do so, the electors will have to choose between Mr. Ingranm and Lieutenant-Colonel Sleigh, but our report from Boston does not state positively that Mr. Adams has retired. Since the speech of Mr. Ingram, lready noticed in The Times, that gentleman has issued an address to the electors, in which, while repudiating the statement that his addresses were indefinite, he tells them that Re is a supporter of the "general" policy of the Palmerston Government, and that he is in favour of a compreksensive system of national education, a thorough revision of ta.Cation, an honourable peace ora most energetic continuauce of the war, the abolition of the svstem of purchase in th.- army, an extension of the suffiage, and the ballot. rTii HEA= oF ?ts. BRIGnT, M.P.-In a letter to the chairman of his election committee Mr. Bri-ht writes, on the 3d -"The trmth of the matter is this :-:For 15 years I have worked, chiefly in publio affairs, with very little relaxation, and nowv I discover that the brain has had too nmuch exercise and the body too little. I have been to Londun twice since the opening of the session, but have found. myself uite unable to attend the House of Commons. [y mnedical avisers strongly urge metogive up anI attention to bu;;iness for three months, and to spend the time in seeking relief in a continentaliourney. I need not tell you how ,nwilaing I am to abandon, even for a short time, the performance of my duties in Parliament ; but necessity has no law, and so I submit to what I cannot avoid."
TH 0 CRIMEA (BY SUB3MARINE AND B3RmiS TEiEGBAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent : " BERLIN, WFDN-5SDAY, MMRCH 5. "c The Kdnigsberger Zeitung report3 from the Crimea, that on the 29th of February delegates from the two belligerent armies met on the o- called Stone-bridge to concert measures for carrying out the armistice, conformably to the resolution of the Paris conferences."
THE LATE SI ABRTHUR TORRENS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-At a time when public attention is being directed to the distribution of honours and rewards in consideration of the services of officers in our army, and popular indignation has been roused by the discovery of those instances in which they have been extended to persons of doubtful merit, no apology is needed for requesting you to give publicity to the case of one whose services are beyond dispute, and in whose favour an exception might have been mnade without any risk of incurring that charge of an abuse of official patronage, of which the people of this country have now unfortunately such Just cause to complain. The facts of the case are shortly these :-Few will fail to remember that in the list of those dangerously wounded at the battle of Inkermann appeared the name of Brigadier-General Torrens. It is a matter of notoriety that the wound which this gallant officer received upon that day obliged him to come home, and that he arrived in this country, scarcely expected to live. To the surprise of all, however, a temporary rally took place, and he even attempted to discharge his official duties. In the month of August his constitution finalily gave way, and he died in Paris, after having suffered much from his wound for a period of nine months, durinlg the whole of which time he was under constant medical treatment. The certificates of 'Drs. Reyer and Velpeau (the Emperor's medical men) and Sir J. Ollife, who attended Sir Arthur Torrens during his protracted illness, and who made a post mor ten. examination of his body, state in the clearest terms that he died solely of the wound he received at lnkermann. By the Royal warrant of the 15th of June, 1855, the widows of officers who have died in action, or of wounds received in face of the enemy within six months after beingwounded, are entitled to a certain inereased pension. It was clear that the object of this limitation was to prevent abuses, but it was no less plain that the intention of the warrant was to provide for the families of officers who had died in the country's service. Indeed, some discretionary power seems left with the Secretary of War, as " the administration and interpretation of the warrant" are vested in him. The case of Lady Torrens, as stated by her in a petition to the War-office, did not seem to Lord Panmure one in which-he could exercise this discre- tion. The factthat Sir ArthurTorrens survived, as it were by a miracle, for a period of nine months, instead of dyingwithin six, enabled him totake refuge in the strict letter of the law, and to reduce Lady Torrens' pension from 4001.-the sum granted to others in similar circumstances-to 2201. Feeling the weakness of his position, Lord Panmure found a new arg,ument against granting the request of the petition in the fact thatSir rthur Torrens was able to accept office under the Crown. Ee did so at the earnest entreaty of Lord Panmure himself, but against the advice of his medical men. That he happened to hold office when he died of his wound surely does not weaken the widow's claim. The whole of Sir Arthur Torrens's private property has been swallowed up by the purchase of his steps. Lady Torrens, however, is not allowed the price of her late husband's commission, and she is thus absolutely left without anything in the world beyond the miserable pittance which the War-office has so illiberally dispensed to her. It is some satisfaction, Sir, to be able to appeal through your columns frori the stern, but not impartial "loutine" of the War-office to the sympathies of a generous and grateful public, who may judge for themselves whether that is a wise economy which grinds down the widows and orphans of deserving offices, but which places totally unqalified men in high official situations, involving the risk of the useless expenditure of large sums of public money. Yours obedientlv. .J 0. I Mrch 4.
ST. PANCRAS WOBKHOUSE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TEUS. Sir,-I am afraid it will be considered quite out of place for the humble inmate of a parish workhouse to presume to address himself to the editor of The Times ; but, nevertheless, upon the present occasion I do sincerely fee}lmysef somewhat justified in maksing this attempt to do so, that if possible I ruaycontributein some measure towrards the benefitofmany of myanEortunatefellovw-inmate. Since my admission into this establishment I have been blamed to a very great extent and treated veryharshly by some of the authorities for having dared to communicate with the Poor Law Board, and otherwise expose a system of gross mismanagement which has for along time been carried on with impunity in St. Pancras Worlkhouse, the truth of which I think I may now venture to say has been placed beyond aU doubt by the recent report of Dr. Bence Jones and one of the Poor Law Inspectors. The facts which I beg to lay before the public are with regard to certain parts of this house, which are governed under a system which is anything but congenial to the comfort, cleanliness, health, and good order of its inmates. In the casual and receiving wards, which are illventilated and frequently overcrowded, a verygreat amount of sicknesshas recently occurred. Fromthe 26th of November to the 28th of February last no less than 104 cases of tyhus and other feverhave beenremoved from St. Pancras Workhouse tothe London Fever Hospital, of which number 18 have died. 3lost of those cases have occurred in the abovementioned wards. The dimensions of the males! casual ward are 30ft. 2in. by 18ft. 2in.; height 1Oft. 4in. The number of nightly admissions are frequently over 30 ; recently on several nights the number has been 32, when the air or space allovwed to eachperson has been less than 177 cubic feet. Fifteen of those persons are frequently wedged together in a perfect state of nudity, on a sort of platform, 16ft.4in broad, Slowing but 13in. to each of those persons. Filth and vermin abound in the place. This ward is inmediately under one of the sleeping rooms of the inmites in which I am placed, and the aboninable stench which ascends thereto is truly overpowering. When persons are taken sick, which is frequently the case, they are permitted to stay in the receiving ward without a change of clothing or even a shirt for many weeks together, notwithstanding the fact of their own being in a disgraceful state from an accumulation of filth and vermin, which already have been spread over diffierent parts of the workhouse. Although an imnate, I am compelled to herd by day with tramps and vagrants in the casual ward, where I have with many others witnessed all I have stated with regard to that place. If, Sir, you will condescend to notice in your powerful and widely circulated journal the above statements, which are based upon the surest truth and can at any time be proved, you will confer a great and lastiug favour upon great number of the inmates of St. Pancras Workhouse. I am, Sir, your most obedient and humble servant.. tit;NKV IAY ' I March 4. Imate of St. Pancras Workhouse.
TEE PARisH oP ST. PANcaAs AhiD ITs LuNATiC Poon-At a general meeting-of the directors and guardians of thepoorof the parishof St. PancrasonTueTday,anofficial letter from the secretary of the Commissioners of Lunacy was read to the board. It was accompanied by a report by Mr. Gaskell, one of the Commissioners in Lunacy, upon his recent inspection of the wards appropited to the insane and idiotic inmates of St.Pancras Workhouse, and the directors were urged to aitend to its recommendations without delay. lMr. Gasells report disclosed a lamentable state of disorder and neglect as prevailing in the wards inspected. He speaks of them as much overcrowded and dirty. In certain wards which were in a former report described as inconveniently crowded when there were 13 men and 16 women in them, there are now 21 men and 45 women. Eight patients are unprovided with beds; two men slept on beds placed on the forms, and two on the floor of the padded room. The report expresses regret that previous suggestions of the commaissioners have been utterly disegarded. The report, after detailing numerous evils existing in the insane wards of St. Pancras Workhouse, concludes by drawing attention to the following, which they recommend :-1. That no recent case of insanity be detained in the workhouse. 2. That chronic cases on whom restraint or seclusion are imposed be removed to an asylum. 3. That the number of inmates in the idiotic wards be forthwith diminished. 4. That more means of exercise and occapapation be provided, and that a larger number of patients be allowed to attend divine service. 5. That a bath be supplied to the women patients. 6. That bettermeansof washing be provided for the men, and a larger supply of towels and sheets for both men and women. 7. That suitable beds to prevent bed sores be purchased. 8. That better means of cleansing soiled bedding be adopted, and a larger number of bed-ticks be supplied. 9. That the wire-work be removed fromthewindowsinthe men's ward. 10.Thatthe women be supplied with suitable bools. After the presentation of the report, it was resolved to appoint a committee of five members, to inquire into the grounds of its afatiOns. A letter was also read from the loor Law Boards urging the directors of the poor to106eeno time inging effect tothe measures necessary toremedy the seriou evils sho in Dr. Reue Jones's report to exist at St. Pancs5 WoWrkxouse.
- CAIIALNAL OFFENDERS IN ENGLAND AND WALES A blue-book just puhlished contains tables of criminal offenders in the year 1854, preceded by explanations and calculations from the pen of MD. Redgrave, of the Homeoffice. It appears that the total number of commitments duringthe 21 years from 1834 to 1854 amounted to 196,864, of which 29,359 took place in 1854. The commitments of 1874 exhibited an increase of no less than 8-5 per cent., and exceed the average of the ten preceding years by 7-5 per cent. This increase is umhappily general, only six of the English counties being exempted from its influence-viz., Yorkshire, Cambridge, Cumberland, Lincoln, Oxford, and Salop, where a slight decrease appears. In the metropolitan counties the increasewas considerable-viz., in Middlesex, 13A4 per cent.; in Surrey, 12 8 per cent.; and in Kent, 11-9 per eent. Lancashire shows an increase of 8S0 per cent. ; Derby one of 24-9; Notts, one of 311; Leicester, one of 36 5; Warwick, one of 141'; and Worcester, one of 13-9. X1i Essex and Herts,. agricultural counties, the in41:ease was respectively 13-4 and 23 2. In North Wales a decrease of 2-0 per cent. is reported, and in South .L I&1 Pno aoent Tt is satisfactorvto aid that the increase is confined to the least grave classes of crime, and that violent offences have, on the whole, declined. In murder, manslaughter; and infanticide the aggregate decrease is 13-6 per cent. There is an increase in the unnatural crimes, but a decrease of 7-6 per cent. in xape and attempts to violate the person. In the newlydefined offence, " assault and inflicting bodily harm " (14 and 15 Victoria, c. 19), the numbers are 23-7 per cent. less. There has been an increase in burglary and violent robberies, and the robberies without violence include above four-fifths cf the commitments for indictable offences, and in this large class the increase of 11-0 per cent., observes Air. Redgrave, shows how largely the increased commitments of 1854 are made up of the less grave offences. Picking pockets forms an exception to this increase, while there is a large and progressive increase in larcenies by servants and frauds. LIacious. offences against property do not comprise 1 per cent. of the total of the commaitments. In -forgeries the number of commitments has been stationary, except as regards bank-notes, in which offence an increase -of 33 per cent. is reported, progressive for the last 10 years. Coining is also on the increase, probably owing to the frecueut refusal of the Mint to prosecnte. There is a marked decrease of offences against the Game Laws. Perjury has been on the increase since the alteration in the law of evidence.1 Of the 29,359 offenders committed 6,274 were acquitted and set free, 38 detained as lunatics, and .% 3,047 convicted of the crimes charged against them. 'Of these 23,047 convicts -49 were doomed to death, 310 to transportation, 2,108 to penal servitude, 20,388 ijo imprisonmont, and 192 to be fined or whipped. The decreased proportion of acquittals in 1854 is very re- mrkable, the increased commitments having added exclu- Gively to the convictions. The effect of any diminution of the severity of punishment has not been confined to the offences towhichit immediately referred; buthas practically operated as a reduction of the whole scale of punishment. Of the 49 persons sentenced to death only five expiated - their crimes on the scaffold. It is sad to observe that the constantly-increasing proportion of female committals only -slightly decreased, while the actual number committed increased. In 1854 the proportion was 29 2 females to 100 males; in 1853, 29 5; and in 1852, 25e7. In 1842 it was only 21-6. In 18S 14,673 prisoners were tried at county Quarter Sessions, 3,119 at the Middlesex Sessions, 5,394 at borough sessions, 4,571 at the assizes, and 1,512 at the Central Criminal Court.
STATE OP TRADE. NOTTINGEA_, WEDSDAY. The lace trade is still improving, and there has this 'week Sbeen a good amount of business transacted< Certainly there is eyery appearance of an excellent trade, and the demand for plain net and Brussels is very active. In the hosiery trade there is an exceedingly brisk trade -doing, and hands for the warehouses are very scarce, as well as stitchers and all hands connected with the round machinery. I mrost departments of the hosiery trade there -is a great amount of activity.
THE EDMONTON RIFLES. TO THE EDITOR OF THB TIMES. Sir,-Seeing in yoar impression of to-day the intemnperate and irrelevant letter of Lord Enflield to the member for Aylesbury, and having been the originator of the debate to -which that letter refers, I hope you will oblige me by allowing me to say a few words on the subject. The question which I asked on Friday was simply why fhe Edmonton Royal Rifle Regiment of Militia, in contrarention of the law, was neither trained nor exercised 4uring the year 1855? I did not complain of the non-embodiment of the regiment, that being a matter 'within the diseUon of the Government of the day; and, I for one, a 0rbe Tery sorry to see the whole of our militia embodiAd, and so the country gentlemen driven from its ranks. In answer, the Government threw the blame upon Lord Salisbury, Lieutenant of the county of Middlesex, who (according to the Under-Secretary for War) had neglected to reconunend the calling out of the regiment. Lord Salisbury and the Government may settle this matter between themselves. Mr. Layard stigmatized the unexplained inaction of the regiment as a " gross job." He might bave employed a softer designation; but it is better, perhaiy, to cal things by their right names, and Lord Enfield does not even attempt to account for that inaction. For this job I suppose that "nobody" is reeponsible. What a pity that we cannot catch this abominable scapegrace .aled "Nobody," and hang him off-hand I I am, Sir, your obedient servant. W. J. EVELYN. Hiouse of Commons, March 5.
TOTAL DESTRUCTION OF COVENT GARDEN THEATRE. At an early hour yesterday morning a calamitous fire originated in Covent-garden Theatre, which speedily reduced to a mass of shapeless ruins that magnificent building so long dedicated to dramatic and lyric art. The superb style in which the operatic performances at this establishment have been given during the last few years has raised Covent-Garden to the highest rank among the lyric theatres of Europe; andc the regret felt at the catastrophe will be as universal as the destruction of the edifice itself is complete. During the whole night the theatre had been the scene of a Bal MasTt,, under the management of Professor Anderson, the so-called Wizard of the North, and the revels of the dancers had not concluded when the conflagration broke out. The theatre was well filled throughout the evening, and the entertainments were kept up with the vigourwhich generally characterizes such recreations. Many of the dancers left between 2 and 3 in the morning; others remained much latet; and, as 5 o'clock approached, not more than 200 persons were assembled in front of the temporary orchestra, which, on this occasion, was thrown back to the extreme end of the stage. The last orgie was completed, and Mr. Anderson, observing the flagging spirits of his guests, gave the signal to his master of the ceremonies to close the revels with the usual jiale of "God save the Queen." At this moment a man, who was engaged in conversation with Castle, the fireman, observed a bright light shining through the chinmks and crevices of the flooring in the carpenter's shop, high overhead. In an instant both of them left the stage anLd hastened up towards the point of danger. Neither their departure nor their errand had been observed, and the crowd b3elow them still kept up the chorus to the music of the National Anthem. The carpenter's shop extended, with the single exception of a comparatively small space devoted to the scene-painters, from one end to the other of the building, and lay between the ornamental ceiling and the roof the theatre. Through an open space in the iloor of this atelier the central chandelier was lighted. Whenthe two men entered the place they were nearly suffocated by dense black smoke. Castles threw himself on his handsandknees,and endeavoured to crawl towards a smouldering heap which he observed near the centre of the workshop. The smoke was, however, too much for him, and he was compelled to make a speedy retreat, without having been able to open the fire-mains on this floor. Descending to the next " ilies," he succeeded in turning on the mains, but before he could fix the hose the fire falling from the workshop above overtook him, and drovehim to the next "flies." The imminent peril was now evident to him. He saw the fire had obtained a mastery which could not be controlled, and his next step was to cut away those parts of the scenery most likely to be affected by the increasing fire. The orchestra had not ceazed playing the National Anthem when the sudden descent upon the stage of one of the beams, round which part of the scenery was rolled, gave the first intimation of danger to the assemblage i below. Mr. Anderson himself was the firt togive the alarm of "Fire!" andtheterrorandtumultwhichthis announcement occasiolied may readily be imagined. The few remaining masquers rushed precipitately to the various entrances-of which the police, with ready presence of mind, took immediate possession, and were thus enabled to rescue from the selfish alarm ot many ot the stronger sex their terrorstricken partners. Several women were trampled on, and some were carried out fainting, but none were seriously injured. There was something hideous in this sudden change from mad revelry to ghastly fear. Already the rush of air towards the roof had fanned the fire into brighter life and fiercer energy. Wreaths of white smoke, with here and there a lambent flame, began to curl from under the proscenium into the body of the theatre. The musicians leapt from their seats and fled, in many cases without even saving their cherished instruments. The interior of the theatre was almost immediately cleared of the visitors. There was no time for. thought or plan. The fames rushed forward, and w.hirling round the interior made it at once their own. The ballet girls and minor characters of the masque came flying from their dressing-rooms into the passages of the theatre, and were in many instances with difficulty led out into safety by the police, who, it is only right to say, behaved with the greatest coolness and courage. A body of -Mcers under the direction of Superintendent Durkin took early possession of the various doors and entrances, and, by judicious efforts, prevented the excited multitude from forcing their way madly into the burning house. The proceeds of the night, which lay in the treasury, were rescued from danger. Mr. Anderson then devoted himself to assisting Mr. Ponteau, treasurer of the theatre, and private secretary to Mr. Gye, in saving certain valuable documents and papers from :Mr. Gye's private room, a labour in which also Mr. E. T. Smith, lessee of Drury-lane Theatre, rendered the most energetic aid. It was now hardly 5 o'clock, and yet in the few minutes which had elapsed the doom of the theatre had been sealed. The flames had burst through the roof, sending high up into the air columns of fire, which threw into bright reflection every tower and spire within the circuit of the metropolis, briUiantly iUluminating the whole fabric of St. PauBs, and throwing a flood of light across Waterloo-bridge, which set out in bold relief the dark outline of the Surrey hills in the distance. This glare operated as a speedy messenger in bringing up the fire-engines, which now proceeded from every quarter of London at a tearing gallop to the scene of the conflagrationm There was no want of water, but neither engines nor water were of any avail in saving the property. The theatre blazed within its four hollow walls like a furnace, and at half-past 5 o'clock the roof fell in with a tremendous crash. Showers of fiery sparks and burning charcoal were thrown up and then poured down upon the streets, which were now crowded with people. The imminent danger of the houses surrounding and facing the theatre attracted the earliest efforts of M1r. Braidwood. In Bow-street the Royal Italian Opera Eotel and the adjoining houses were almost on fire several times, and it required the constant application of large volumes of water to cool their blistered fronts. Inart-street, a narrow thoroughfare bounding the theatre onthe north, great danger was apprehended, and incessant vigilance required. At the south side of the theatre, in Bowstreet, the backof the police-office had at one time ignited. The Piazza, Tavistock, and Bedford Hotels were all more or less injured by the fire; and had the wind set from the eastward nothing could have saved that side of the market. Fortunately the well-directed efforts of the Fire Brigade, aided by the police, were successful in preserving the adjacent property. Of the theatre nothing remains but the skeleton and ruined walls. All the scenery-the exquisite productions of Grieve and Telbin-the splendid properties of the theatre-the -wardrobes -the mountings-the dramatic library-the valuable operatic scores-some of which can never be replaced, as the Elisir d'Amore. of Donizetti- anI i I tle (ibermo ot wVeber-all are gone. i In Prince's-place, the court-yard by which Eler IMajesty entered the house, one attempt at salvage wfas successful. The " properties" appertaining to the Wizard's tricks were in an apartment very near the stage door, and these were in great part saved. A small quantity of furniture, belonging to Mr. Costa, including his priyate piano, was also rescued. While engaged in this duty the police were surprised at the unexpected appearance of a man at one of the' windows overlooking the coirt-yard. He had been asleep, and not even the raging of the fire in his close vicinity, nor the shouts of the people, had sufficed to awake hira, until the room becamAe full'of- smoke and breathing difflicult. A ladder was brought, and he was rescued from the perilous position in which he must have lain for an hourwhen the. flames broke into the apartment. On this trying occasion several persons exhibited great courage and coolness. Mr. Ponteau especially preserved his presene of mind, and only desisted from attempting further salvage when prevented by the interference of the superior offieers of the Fire Brigade. It is due to Ar. Anderson to say that he energetically endeavoured to render any service in his power. M. Francis, the printer to the theatre, -and Mr. Ninimo, were also especially prominent in their assistance; but the principal merit belongs to an humble personage named Burgess, the bill-sticker to the establishment, who, at the innuinent risk of his life, ornaments. The precautions adopted against fire in the theatre were, necesisrily of the most stringent nature, for, subsequently to its re-erection, after being burnt down in 1808, no insurance-office would issue a Dolicy upon it. To reassure the public against the alarm then 'created the architect took pains to erect a tank on thb roof of the theatre, calculated to hold 18 tons of water, which, by means of double mains on every floor, could be thrown upon any part of the biilding at a moment's notice. Four firemen were appointed to watch ..and guard the theatre against- fire. It was their duty to go over every part of the buildAing, and to see that the fire mains were always accessible and always charged. This arrangement has continued up to the present time, and, of the four nenon duty last night, one of them had been attachedto the theatre for n;early 40 years. W.Nith all these precautions, it may naturally be asked why such a calarmity was permitted to take place. The answer is plain: instead of visiting every part of the theatre, as was their dnty, the firemnen on this occasion confined themselves to the more genial atmosphere of the stage; and, as has been stated, the first discovery of a fire in the roof was made by one of their body, James Castles, while engaged in conversation with another cdftwac of the theatre upon the stage. The original theatre in Covent-g arden was built by Mr. John Rich, of harlaequina.lo notoriety, and openoed Qo the 7th of lDowitiber, 1732, with Con- pushed his way into the burning building and =rought back with him several valuable books and papers. The value of the properties destroyed is sromething fabulous. An approximate estimate may be formed from the fact that in producing the several operas contained in the repertoire of the theatre, I when under the management of Mr. Delafield, no less than 60,0001. was expended, of which the four operas, the Prophete, the HRuguenots, lZcrezid Borgia, and La Donna del La go, cost 25,0001. The valuable dramatic library belonging to the theatre-unique of its kind-is gone in the general wreck. The original MSS. of the School for Scandal, the Miller and Itis Men, the opera of the Slave, and hundreds of other curious works were here preserved. The armoury, consisting of more than 100 suits, and occupying a series of rooms, is wholly destroyed. In fact, nothing is spared. Four original pictures by Hogarth, representina the " Seasons," which hung upon the walls of. Mir. Gye's private room, within only a fe* paces of the box-office, could not be saved, so rapid was the progress of the fire. As to the origin of the calamity, nothing is known at present. That the fire broke out in the carpenter's shop there car. be little doubt, from what has been already stated, but how there is too much reason to fear will remain a mystery. It was the duty of one of the firemen to accompany tho gasman when he ascended into the carpenter's shop to light the central chandelier, and this office on Tuesday night fell upon Castle. The latter says he went with one of the gasmen in the service of Mr. Payne (who bas the direction of the lighting of the theatre), and that after completing the duty they tested the safe6y of their lighting rod by pouring over the wool at the end of the rod a small quantity of spirits of naptha. The rod was then left suspended over the basin of the chandelier, and Castle and the gasraan returned downstairs by the light of a glass lantern. This was shortly before 7 o'clock in the evening, at which hour both these men declare all was perfectly safe. At 4 o'clock in the morning one of the "flYmen" had occasion to ascend to the second " flies," and even then he detected no smell of smoke or indication of danger of any kind. It is clear, however, from the rapidity with which the flames gained head that the ire must have been smouldering for some considerable period. In what manner it origmated,-whether from carelessness or any other cause,-it seems impossible to say. It appears generally admitted that for some time past there has been an unusual escape of gas in the house. Mr. Sloman, who has for many years held the office of machinist and carpenter at this theatre, has been so forcibly impressed with the danger arising from it that he has actually waited upon two or threeoof the proprietors-MSr. Surman and Mr. Robinson among others-and representedto them that if someth3ing wasnot done he feared the theatre would some day he burnt down. MIr. Sloman has also called the attention of the fireman to the same circumstance, but nothing seems to have been done. Whether the fire originated from a gas leakage or not is of course uncertain. At 6 o'clock, when all hope of saving any portion of the building or its contents was at an end, Mr. Ponteau felt it right to telegraph the fact to Mr. Gye, in Paris, which he did in a few expressive words. Mr. Gye is a man of extraordiary nerve and decision, but the intelligence must have been one of the severest blows that could have befallen himn. We are enabled to state that all his enga,gements for the forthcoming season were completed, and that he had brought together a company of artistes exceeding in attractiveness those of any previous campaign,with whom he had arranged to open the Opera on the 29th instant. Mr. Glye left Paris on receipt of the disastrous ntelligence, and was expected to arrive in London It has been stated that the building itself is uninsured. This is too true. and the loss will be terrible to those proprietors who hold a large number of shares. Among them may be mentioned the Remble family, the family of the late MIr. Harris, Mr. Surman, Mr.Robinson, Mr. Thomas Grieve, and others. The only insurances known to exist in con- nexion with the building are two-one of 8,0001. I upon a portion of the properties, and another of 2,000Z., effected by M1r. Anderson when he entered on the occupation of the theatre for three months, which insurance would have expired on Saturday next. It is not a little singular that Mr. Anderson's theatrical season has been once previously brought to a sudden termination in a similar manner. In 1844 he erected the City of Glasgow Theatre, which was opened by himself, and burnt to. the ground within less than 12 months from the first stone being laid. Fortunately there were hea-vy insurances on the building. Among the sufferers by the calamity is Mr.Payne, the proprietor of the refreshment department of the Royal Italian Opera. He had contracted to fumish the supper at the Bal Masqng. Everything in the shape of glass and plate which he had in the theatre is destroyed, besides a large quantity of suirplus wine. Mrs. Payne narrowly escaped with the money taken during the evening-upwards of 2001. There had been a large sum received at the doors; 2001. for admission and 901. for balcony seats were taken. All this and other cash was got out of the theatre early, and deposited in a place of safety. It was rumoured last evening that two persons were missing, and that fears were entertained for their safety. One of them is a boy employed by the gas men. He has not been seen since early on Tuesday evening, and the supposition is that he may have laid down in some corner exhausted, and slept tao soundly. There was very little time for escape, and it is greatly feared this youth is lost. Anxious inquiries were also made last evening for a young girl who was known to have been employed in the theatre, and who has not been heard of since the outbreak. The cession of this theatre, just previously to Christmas, to Mr. Anderson fora few weeks, by the then lessees, has been very generally condenmed as derogatory to a stage which, during the London season, for several years past, has enjoyed an amount of Royal and distinguished patronage hitherto unexampled in the history of the drama. It was contended that even the inducement offered by the large sum of 2,0001. as rent, for only a short period, ought not to have had weight when the probable injury the reputation of the theatre might sustain was considered. The lessees thought otherwise. It was always intended to reembellishthe interior before the opera season of 1856, and theyhad, enormously heavy expenses to provide for. The house was let to Mr. Anderson for the performance of legerdemain and pantomime, anld atraesn of six weeks' duration, the Wizard announceda "Carnival benefit,"-as he termed it, to extend over two days, after a prevalent -fashion in America,-on Monday, terminating with a Bal Masz, on Tuesday night. Mr. Gye was in Paris when this announcement appeared, but the moment he became acquainted with the fact he put his veto upon it. An earnest appeal was made to MIr. Gye to reconsider his decision on this point; and he consented to do so. He gave an unwMilling permission for the masque to take place, and, whille this revel was proceeding, the calamity occurred which has robbed the musical world of one of its favourite I shrines. and London of one of its architectural greve's Way of the WVorld. Various alterations andimprovements were made in the edifico in 1782, and in 1792 it was rebuilt from the designs of Henry Holland, architect, at an expense of 25,0001., of which 15,0001. was advanced as a loan by the Duke of Bedford, whose successor, the present Duke, is the ground landlord. On the night of the 20th of September, 1808, the theatre was burnt to the ground by an accidental fire, which is supposed to have arisen from the ignited wadding of the soldiers' muskets fired off in the play of Pizarro lodging among some of the inflammable decorations of the scenery. Twentytwo lives were lost by the fall of the burning roof. The value of the property consumed on that occasion was estimated at 100,0001., and the loss is said to have been covered by insurance to the extent of 75,0001. On the 31st of December, 1808, his Royal High. ness the Prince of Wales laid the first stone of the new theatre, and such was the indefatigable attention of the architect that the house was opened on the 18th of September, 1809. 3Irs. Siddons played Lady Macbeth on the occasion, and passed through the character in dumb show, being hooted and reviled by an organized body of rioters, demanding to be admitted upon the old prices, and thence called "0 . P.'s." The expenses of erecting the theatre are said to have amounted to 150,0001., of which 44,5501. was received from tho insurance offices, and 50,0001. raised by subscription shares of 5001. each. The architect was Sir Robert Smirke, and the statues of Tragedy ancd Comedy, and the two bas reliefs on the Bow-street front, were by Flaxman. The stage was 55 feet in length and 86 feet in width, the depth from the curtain to the back of the pit was 66 feet, and the theatre had a saloon the dimensions of which were 56 feet by 19 feet. After being leased by various managers for many years, M. Jullien hired the theatre for his promenade concerts in 1843-5. It was subsequently hired bv the Anti-Corn Law League as a lecture-hall; but in 1846 the building was entirely remodelled by Mr. Albano, and converted into an opera-house. It was opened on the 6th of April, 18t7, but with such an ex;travagant expenditure that in1848 there was a loss of 34,7561., and in 1849 of 25,4551. In one year the vocal depart ment cost 33,3491., the ballet 8,1051., and the orchestra 10,0481. OFFICIAL REPORT. The following is the official report made to Mr. Braidwood of the loss and damage resulting from the fire:- " Bow-sraczxr. "Theatre Royal Covent-garden.-Burnt down, properties and contents partiaUy insured in the Phoenix and other offices. Building-insurance unknown. " No. 5.-T. Burrowes, soda-water -anufacturer, damaged by water and breakage; contents and buiding insured in the Pheenix. "No. 24.-W. Rogers, builder, front scorched and glasa broken; contents insured in the Westminster, building in the Sun. "No. 25.-W. Bell, printer, front scorched; insurance unmknown. "No. 26.-J. Snison, printer, front scorched; insurance: unknown. "No. 27.-W. Nokes, Royal Italian Opera Hotel, frontscorched, glass broken, and contents damnaged bywator; contents insured in the North of England; building unknown, " Nos. 28, 29, and 30.-W. Jones, gasfitter, fronts scorched, roofs damaed. and glass broken; contents and buildings insured in the Snn. "'No. 31.-J. Harrison, clothes salesman, damaged by water and smoke; contents insured in the Sun. "No. 32.-E. W. Thomas, japanner, front scorched; contents insured in the Sun; building unknown. "No. -.-G. Gable, lodger, damage from break-age; contents insured in the Sun. HA.T-SxREET. "No. 49.-Mrs. S. Brown, private house, front scorched; not insured. "No. 50.-W. Hunt, licensed victuaUer, front severely scorched, glass broken and damnaged by water; contents insuredin the Royal Exchange; building unknown. "No. 5L-Unoccupied, front scorched; insurance umknown. " No. 52.-S. Garcia, private house, front scorched; insurance unknown. "cvCENT-GARDEN rIAZZA. "Bedford Hotel.-AX Warner, proprietor, slightly da. inaged by water; contents, insured m the Globe; building, in the Sun. " Piazza uoteL-HIarrson and Co., proprietors, dightly damaged by fire and water ; contents insured in Globe and Westminster; and buildings in the Sen " Tavistock HoteL-Harrison and Co., proprietors; back part scorched and windows broken; contents insured in Globe and Westminster; and building, in the Sun. "N No. 10, Piazza.-B. Robins, auctioneer, skylight scorched andglass broken; contents insured in the Phomnix; and building in the Sun and Westminster."
TnE INThAw WAR N SouTmmNR OREGo..- AboutNewvYear's-daya smallpartyof whites discovered a band of Indians on Applerte-creek, some 25 or 30 mailes from Jacksonville. Pretending to be miners on a prospecting tour, they managed to remain on the creek, unsuspected by the Indians, un til they could send word to the nearest settlements. As soon as information of the whereabouts was received in the valley, about 150 of the troops and many citizen volunteers took up the line of march for Applegate, on the2dof January, carrying one of the mountainhowitzers with them. When about two miles from Jacksonville, :Mr. Martin Angel and John PLaughliu passed ahead of a troop of 30 soldiers, and within a distance of only 40D yards of them were shot at by the Indians. Mr. Angel's horse took fright, and -while cantering off the trail the Indians succeeded, -with several more shots, in killing horse and rider, and then stripping them, taking Mr. Angel's two revolvers and rifle. ar.enry H. Eutchins, our informant, learned that on the same morning Mr. Hull was out hnnting with his son, when the latter was kiled by tho Indians, and itis thoe ght this was done by the same scout who killed Angel. Late in the afternoon of the 5th the howitzer was got ready, fired, and the shot fell directly upon one of the cabins, killing three Indians. Several more shots were fired before night, bht withoat effect. During the night the Indians, judging discretion to be the better part of valour, broke through the guards of the whites and escaped. We learn with great regret that in this untoward affair Dr. William Myers was ldled, and several others wounded. The disappointment of the public in hearing of the inglorious issue of this movement is the more acutely felt, as, from the previous saccesses on Butte Creek, it was confidently expected that the troops at length had concluded to go at it with a wilL The escape of the Indians remains to many inexplicable. Five weeks earlier, from 400 to 500 troops withdrew from before 150 Indiafis at the "Big Meadows ;" now 33 Indians elude the vigilance of eight times their number of whites. We are too remote from the scene of action to judge correctly of the merits of the case, but this much we might infer from the past, that it takes a long time to whip 200 hostile Indians. On Wednesday last the brig Nonsuch, from Humboldt-bay, arnived off our harbour, and landed 50 soldiers, under the commaand of Captain Jones, formerly stationed at Humboldt and on the Klamath. The brig had also ammunition and provisions on board, but, finding the sea too rough to discharge them, she stood off and has consequently to call again. We are informed that Lieutenant Garber, with 30 men of Captain Jones's company, isnow stationed atWitchipeck, on the Elamath.-Crcscent Cify Hferald. Tnis CON'sT4RAnlrtY Ponax.-Yestordawy were published copies of rules and regulationsmade for estab- sishing an uniform system for the government, pay, clothing of county and local constables appointed under the act 2d aud 3d Victoria, chap. 93. at this precise moment certain extracts from this document may prove interesting. It appears that sergeants and constables of the police must not be over 40 years of age;* they must be 5 feet 7 inches in keight, and be ab2e to read and 'ite, and give proofs of general activity and intelligence. They must also be of rreproachable character and connexions. Dismissal from any police force will render tho party ineligible to serve in any other polce force, and the sale of beer wine, and spirituous liquors is a disRuahification for the office. A constable's staff and a pair of handcuffs are to be suppEied to each constable, and a small vuuias muay iin suppuen lo any constable whose beat is so situated that, in the opinion of two county justices, it is necessary for his personal 8afety. The cutlas is to be worn at night only, or at times when rioting is apprehended, or on any sudden emergency. Under the act 3d and4th of Victoria, chap. 88. local constables were not to be gamekeepers, -woodrangers, balUiffs, or interested in the sale of liquors Persons in custody are to be taken before a magistrate as soon as possible. In case of complaint against constables, the person complaining is to address himself, in the frst instance, to the chief constable, who wilL, at his discretion proceed to inquire into the same summarily, or give notice zo a justice of the peace. THE LATE COLONEL YEA, OF TIM 7TH ROYAL FusnTxRR3.-A 3narble monumental tablet, in memory of the late lamented and gaUant Colonel Yea, who lost his life in the struggle before Sebastopol last summer, has just been erected in the parish chuzch of St. James's, Taunton, where it was exposed to public view for the first time on Sunday last. It bears the following inscription :-"In memory of Colonel Lacy Walter Giles Yea, Lieutenant. Colonel of the 7th Royal Fusileers, aed 47, eldest son of Sir William Walter Yea, Bart., of l?yrland-hal, in this county. He was killed on the 18th of June. 1355. atthe head of his regiment, -whilo leading the assaulting division, which h coimnsanded withdauntless itrepit dityin a desperateattack on the Redan during the siege of SeastopoL After nearly 30 years' service, on the commencement of the war, with Russia, up to the moment of his heroic deat', he lost none of the many opportunities of distinction offeted on the battlefields of Alma and Inkerraann, aud by the arduous duties of the trenches-exertions honourablv recognized in -the despatches of Lord Raglan. He was no less c6nspicuous trongauQu the severity of this memorable campsa for the 'parent.al-attention wvhich he successfully bestoi'dox the condition of his regiment, a so3icitude requited by their most devoted respect and affection. He was buried in the Crimoa, inl thte presence obf the brigade he ccnumaded, T.his mows
. MONA LY-MABKT and 0-ITY INT?IGyNCB. I Wednesday- Xvudng. The English funds opened steadily to-day at the I Cloeing prices of last evening; and, although there was subsequently a temporary depression, the market at the termination of business presented a firm appearance. Consols for money were first quoted 91i to i, and, after having touched 91j, they returned to 9l1, at which there were ultimnately buyers. For the 10th ef April the last transactions were at 921 to J. CYonsol Scrip left off at 11 premium. Bank Stock was quoted 213 to 215 ; Reduced, 92k; New Three per Cents., 92i to 93i; Long Annuities, 3 9-16; Annuities, 1885, 16 15-16; India Stock, 223 to 225; Indiabonds, 6s. to 2s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98 to i; and Exchequer-bills (March), 3s.to Is. discount; (June), is. discount to Is. premium. Foreign securities have been steady, but the operations continue unimportant. In Turkish Six per Cents. the bargains were at 950 for money, and 96X, i,and i, for the account. The Four per Cent. tGuaranteed, for the account, was negotiated at 100i. The general business comprised-Brazilian Small, 102k ; Buenos Ayres, 57; Chilian Six per Cents., 104; the Three per Cents., 68; Granada New Active, 22 and 22k; the Deferred, 7*; 3Mexican, for the account, 2U; and J; Sardinian Five per Cents., 90k and J; Spanish Three per Cents., 43:; and Dutch RFour per Cent. Certificates, 95i, A, and 96. The corn-market was dull this morning at the decline of Monday. The closing prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. 1Oc. for money and 72f. 80c. for the account, showing a fal of five-eighths per cent. The total of specie to-day by the West India steamer Parana is 220,000l., of which 118,0001. is silver and 102,0001. gold. The Ermna, the Admiral, and the Lightning are now on their way from Port Phillip, and each is expected to bring a considerable quantity of gold. The Dawstone has sailed from Sydney, but will bring no gold on freight. The prospectus has been issued of a Turkish Gas Company, with a capital of 100,0001., in 1l. shares fully paid up. The object is to introduce gas at Constantinople and other Turkish towns, and steps are stated to have been taken to procure a concession securing, for a certain term of years, exclusive privileges. Should such privileges not be obtained, the capital will be returned to the subscribers, less an amount for expenses which is not to exceed Is. 6d. per share. The board is constituted of respectable and experienced persons, some of them prominently connected with this description of enterprise, and as the amount of capital proposed to be raised is moderate, and there can be little question that Constantinople, with its large population and its facilities for obtaining coal, is not likely long to remain without this improvement, the undertaling seems legitimate and desirable. The prospectus has been issued of the Trinidad Bituminous Fuel Company, with a capital of 50,0001. in shares of 101. each, on which 51. is to be paid immediately. The existence of a great pitch lake in the island of Trinidad has for some years excited the attention of persons interested in the supply of fuel for steam navigation and other purposes in that region, but until lately there seems to have been nosuccessful attempt to render it available. It is now alleged that the proprietor of an estate which includes a portion of the lake has perfected a system by which the bitumen is rendered in every way fit for use, and certificates are given of the result of a prolonged trial of it, umder the sapervisio-u of competent engineers, in the furnaces of a, steamvessel, showing an advantage, as. compared with Welsh coal, of 30 per cent. in evaporative power and 60 per cent. in actual cost The invention is said to consist of a mixhtre of wood shavings with the pitch, which produces a perfect combustion without loss or residue, the previous defect of the material being that it used to melt and run away between the furnace bars before combustion had been completed. It is contemplated in thefirst instance to commence working with machinery capable of producing 69,000 tons per annum, and a contract has been made with the proprietor for a lease of his estat, and forthe assignment of an ordianee of the local Government, conceding an exclusive privilege for the manufacture for 14 years from April, 1854, for which heisto receive G,OOOZ. and 2s. 6d. per ton royalty. A number of the BewjaZ r"ru, receivedby the last overland mail, contains some useful remarks on the continued-absorption of specie in India. With regard to the demand for specie,it has been observed from time immemorial that there is no country in the world which receives so much bullion and gives so little back, and tnat the fact of the stream, instead of ebbing and flowing, being almost always in one direction has been a constant cause of perplexity. The explanation, however, appears to consist in the simple circumstance that the increase in the demand for the rich products of India has usually been in a greater ratio than the prog,ress of the people in habits of expenditure. Such improvements as have taken place in the system of land tenure, together with the removal of all transit duties and Custom-house restrictions on the inland trade, have gradually facilitated, by bringing new districts into activity, this augmentation of exports over imports, and during the last few years the movement has been wronderfully accelerated by other events. These have included the addition of Scinde and the imnjab and the kingdom of Pega, the general adoption of the principles of free trade under Lord Dalhousie, and, finally, the war with Russia. The improvement in the condition of the people from the spread of employrent thus occasioned has been extraordinary, and when it is recollected that the popilation of the empire is estimated at nearly 200,00(,000, andc that an inreasing proportion are constantly coming into the possession of a few coins which they are enabled for the first time to retain, it will be seen what an immense aggregate sum must thus be steadily withdrawn to the interior. It is trae that with the advanoe of civilization and good goverm-ent t!3e habit of burying gold and silver or otherwise hoarding them has ceased, but the people were never rich enough for these deposits to be of such importance as to cause the setting of them free to exercise much influence in comparison with the other specie movements of modern times. So long, therefore, as the natives of India are in the process of gradually emerging from a state of abject poverty and oppression, the absorption of the precious metals in that region must be regarded as a natural result. At the same time, owing to the exceeding magnitude of the amounts lately despatched thither, a temporary and rather considerable reaction may possibly be looked for when the news of peace and of the consequent fall in the prices of produce shall have arrived out. A constant cheek to this reaction, however, will necessarily be found in the expenditure of capital from this side in the construction of the immense railway works still in progress throughout the respective presidencies. The same journal publishes an account of the imports of specie into Calcutta during the past year. The total export of merchandise during 1855 was valued' at 11,669,2081., while the import was 7,722,3191., leavinga balance in favourof Calcuttaof 3,946,8891., for which specie has been received. Of this spe^ie about 2,200,0001. was silver from Europe, while 110,000!. consisted of gold from Australia. Meanwhile the amount sent away to all parts was only about 1,000,0001., showing that the balanee of nearly 3,000,O00L has been diffiused throughout the country. A meeting of New Granada bondholders was held to-day, Mr. J. D. Powles presiding, when a communication was made respecting the distribition of the Peravian dollar bonds recently forwarded to the Spanish American coimmittee in partial liquidation of the Colombian debt. It was stated that since the bondholders had been last called together, a correspondence had passed with the Finance MEnister of New Granada, who had consented to the distribution of these bonds, through the agents, Messrs. Baring, Brothers, in part payment of arrears of interest. The committee have also been in communication with' the agents, and an agreement has been prepared hy which the bonds wlll be forfthwith passed to their custody, and then divided. The amount of the nominal principal is $90C7,000 at 4*per cent., szleable at about 60, and in addition there is 10,V901. received oil three half-yearly dividends, the next payment falling due in May. The total of arrears of interest on the New Granada 'debt to December last is 390,7701. At the close of -the discussionthe following resolution waspassed:- ' "Resolved.-That-this meeting perceives with sati!aotion that the bonds given by the G4overnment of Peru to the GoIernanent of Newv Granada, in dislharwge of its proportion of the Columbian debt, will liow be applied without delay to thec dicharge of a pnriie of the urrears of diYM=dea due on the bondas of Nev Granada. That this ineetIg e&tunot avoid at the same ti'ne expresing ite great disappointmint at seeing that no provision whatever is made by the GDveBI ment of New Granada for meetingthe remaining portion. of the arrears, but that the Government continues to apply to its own use that portion of the revenues of the Customns which has been solemnly hypothecated to the payment of the foreign debt. Also that the Committee of Spanish Ante. ican Bondholders be reque3sted to continue their actire exertions to obtain the liquidation of the aforesaid arrears without further delay, and the resumption of the regular payment of the dividends on the said debt.' The followmg are from Australian mining coinpanies 8- "ENGLISH AI,D AusmTALLniN Corizg. "The directors have advices from Adelaide, dated {he 20th of November, stating that the copper made from the 20th of October to the 10th of November was 132 toes, and that the ore on stock on the 27th of October ws 6,106 tons; also that the ore shipments, vid Melbourne, to Buig. land, had been retarded for themwoment on accountof iany of the coal ships having arrived at one time. It was expected, however, that quite 5,000 tons would be bipjed this season. " POBT P }ILr AN COLONTL "The board have received advices from the residjint director at Melbourne to the 22d of November last, Etting that with regard to quartz crushing he had determined on at once testing the richness of some of the gold bearing quartz reefs, and was preparmg some machinery for that purpose out of materials he bad on hand. In the as,;zy. office the quantity melted in October ivas 28,762 ounces, and for November to date 21,926 ounces. "X.A.PIT'DA (SOuTHE ..&STAI.IA). L"The directors have received letters from their manager in Adelaide to the 21st of November. Operations at the mnes were proceeding with great vigour, and the aspec' of the vaious iodes and workings was very satisfactory. 'Lhe ore and regulus on hand on the Ist of November amounted to 2,240 tons, of which asout 560 tons of rich ore and regalus was either shipped or in course of shipment. Two x.ew smelting furnaces had been erected and were at wor;, and the process of reducing the poorer ores into regulus -was being carried on with expedition. A diminution in the quantityof waterinthemLinehadtaken place. Thematmber of miners at work under ground in October was 96. The rates paid for labour and cartage were still ratber high, owing to the high price of provisions, flour being then at the rnines 61. 6s. per bag of 2001b. It wvas expected that after the harvest, which promised to be imusuafl abandant, those rates would be much lorer." The Ecuadorian Commission of Agency state ihae they have received to-day a further remittance of 4,1851. 103. 6d. on account of the Ecuadorian dividends. Tne subjoined account of the leather-market; for the past month is from Messrs. Streatfeild, Lumrence, and Mortimore :- " London, March &. "The genera aspect of the leather-market has undergona ltttle chante dung the past month. Supplies of most descriptions have been good for the season, but the probability of an early termination of the war renders buyers unwilling to enter into operations beyond their immediate require. zments. The transactions, however, have exceeded the average business at this period of the year. With few exceptions, late quotations have been sustained, and stocks are :aot increased."
TBADE REPORT. Wednesday Evening. SUGAiR.-There is no alteration in the market to-day. 1,482 boxes yellow Hav:nnah at public sale were ithdrawn; 1,445 bags of brown and white Brazil were disposed of at 34s. 6d. to 41; 119 hhds. atd 56 barrels Cuba muscovado brown and yellow partly sold at 38s. 6d. to 41s ; 446 hhds. West India sold, and 265 omitted yesterday, making 711 hbds. Privately a floating cargo of 3,600 bags Pernimbuco is reported for Bremen at about 23s. 6d. per cwt. CoFY&-The market is quiet; the sales were unimportant. RTCP.-100 bags middling white Bengal realized Us. 6d. per cwt. The private business isve limited.
TEE CORY TBADE. CORN-EXClaSGfl W2DNODZDAT, 3APtCEI 5. The as:iv&b of gran exhibit no important increme; but the trade ig genexsy heay, wx ttbelate Teduction Wheat is only tsalea at bout preioNs quoutatousn and other descriptions are much in thesame coadiior= DUBIJ. MA1Rc 4. We Ead as dull a marIet at our corn-exchange to-day - we ever remember. Wbeat vWs ts. So3&. and oat 6dt to Is. chapez thano Fridwy, and even at these reductions only the moet tribng businesa. eas dene. Early being scarce, supported our last quotatiour. - Ir diam coms uusale%ble, though press-d at lower rates.
FESTIYAL OF THE GERMAN HGSPITAL. The 11th anniversary festival of that most deserving institution, the German Hiospital at Dalston, was celebrated. yesterday evening at the London Tavern, with the uLsual splendour. The presidential chair (which his Royal lHighness the Duke of Cambridge occupied last year) was on this occasion to have been dlled by a very worthy successor-the Earl Granville, Lord President of the Council; but we deeply regret to announce that his Lordship was precluded by a sudden and severe attack of illness from honouring the festival with his presence, -while~ the Earl of Itarrowby, to whom thae hesi. secretary applied inhisdespair, was also unble to attend. Udrthese circumstances, the duty df president; devolved upon the sub-treasurer, 31r. D). lIMinertzhagenj, who threw himself on the Idnd indulgence of the guests but unnecessarily,-seeing that the hon. gentleman was a. most efficient chairman, and discharged the duties of his arduous office with such earnestness, zeal, and urbanity ass to enlist the sympathies and evoke the approbation of the entire assembly. Mr. Mlemertzhagen was supported by Count Bernstorff (the Prussian Ambassador), the Count Vizthum, Dr. A. Walbaum, and a highly respectable body of the leading merchants of the city of London. After proposing the usual stereotyped toasts 'with mnch terseness and point, the hon. chairnan rose to advocate the interests of the hospital, 'with some fear (as he said), and no little anxiety. The hon. gentleman observed that he the more regretted the atsence of Earl Granville, as the position of the German Hospital was far from favourable. Ife came before them with a bankrupt treasurv and a debt of 1.500L This would be painful indeed if past experience did not afford them. unple encouragement. The hon. gentleman then gave a lucid history of the affairs of the hospital during the last ten. years, and proceeded to sav that, notyithstanding all the obstacles which it had encountered, the charity hal:year by year extended its sphere of usefulness, so that he cinficlently looked to them this evening for the means of insuring its future progress and nsefulness. Tho forcible anl feeling speech, of which the above is a brief abstract, is too well confirmed by the offcial report ao the hos- ital for the past year. It hence a"Dears that its fnancial state is so far from satisfactory that the worling of the institution maust have been wholy suspended for the last few months buit for the ldndnese of friends, who have made liberal advances, and by sea doing, as a matter of course, have involved the hospital in debt. The, claims of the charity are daily increasing, ani it is difficiflt to divine how its hospitable doors can Loe 1pt open to the sick and the suffering, unless a-strenuous, and, what is more, an inmnediate efit is made to re-erme the jreseub state of the balance-sheet. It cannot be too often reJeated that the German Hospital is cosmopolikan, both i the letter and the spirit; for, while it ismore especial&designeA for the relief oE Germans, it ha been the mosusof affording assistance to the natives od this (its adopted) coustry, the extent of which there are ample maos of proeing. In aword out of $09 in-patients rec6ied. in. 15M, nearly all were English; and oat of 5,824 in-atiente aud 43,565 out-patients received si3ee the openiagot t3ie hospital more than 21,0009were Lingish. Th I out-door 'patients treatedai-llSS anrounted, atthe Eastern Dispensary !tol1,918, anad at. The Westernt ])spensatry to %52, mlaking a total of ZCI%0 (besides the int-patients already noted), to say nothing of several thouswnd dental asses. These statistics 'would seem to render further appeal to public liberality superfluous,'ifl not; impertinent. 'fhe akdvan. tages of the hospital -are obviou s to all the inbhbitants of ti e district, while the high standing of its medical staff (the list of which ncludes the names of Dr. Babington, Msr. NY. Coulson, and others of great erminence in the profession) has long acquired for it the characterof an unfailing resort, as the record of successfullT-treated cases satisfactorily shows. These facts admitted, itbecomes an imperative duty to sustai the totteriagedifice, andbytimelyandconstintro.ntributionstopreventtherealizationoftheaphorismof;Ju'geI -" Prcbitas laudatur et algd." This was done to a certain extent Last night, wbwen a total subscriptionasit about 2,3001. was aanounced freis the chair; but more money will be stiUsloeptable, avmd the snbcription of small sums annually ix y.rtrcularlb requested.- Madqae 4enny I4*j GoldsebXidt's handsome donation of 50 uineai was o,~yjBsced =j, the coiioa of the oveniu ebUiecr^;
APPEALS -" HOUSE OF LORDS. TummAY_ MATtru 4 Befoire the Lord Chancellor, Lord Broughara, the Earl of Seafleld, and Lord Templemore. PRESTON V. THE LVROOL, 30A0NCESTEP, ASD NEW- CA.;TLE-UPON-TME JUNCTION RAILWAY COMPANY. Thin was, an appeal from a decree of the Master of the Rols, the appellant, Mr. Cooper Preston. being the owner - oE aportion of an estate called Flasby-hall, Yorkshire. In I 145 1 railway was projected to pass through that estate, i called the Lancashire and North Yorkshire lailway, and on the appellant opposing it two of the directors entered into the boUowing agreement with him .-*' Memorandum of agreement this day made between the executive directors of the Lincashire and North Yorkshire ailiway Company of the o:ne part, and Cooper Preston, of Flasby-hall, in the dcunty of York, Esq., of the other part.-It is agreed that cnth}e following conditions the said Ccoper Pxeston will ^nd does assent to the railway being made through his roperty at Flasby, as laid down on the deposited planso the said acmpany:-L That in case the said comnpany shall in this or any subsequent session obtain an act of imcorporation theb said company shall pay the said Cooper Preston, his hel&s or assgns, the suma of 1,0001. for all land reqn:redhby the sad company for the due making of the railaay, and a further sum of 4,0001. for the evidntial injury to the estate and hall of the said Cooper Preston. 2. That thetunnel aud r.&lway shall be so constructed through Mr. Preston's vroperty, near the Lowwocd, as not to damage the said wood; but, in case any mch damage should be done, then the amount of injuiy shall be ascertained byR. B. Roundell, Fsq., of Gladstone, and S. B. Garforth, Faq., of Conistone, or any other two gentlemen of the county, to be named by31r. Roundell and Mr. Garforth. who shall not be in anywise interested in the property. 3. That thetunnelintended tobemade-throughthe estate of the said Cooper Preston, his heirs or assigns, shall be estended to the beck lane on the west side thereof. That the land through which the tunnel shall he made is to be reconveyed to the said Cooper Preston, his heirs or assigns, and to be resoiled over at the expense of the company. 4. That the company shall cause a passenger station tobe made at the village of Flasby, with all requisite and proper approaches thereto. That the land required for c EUtstation and approaches shall be furnished by the maid Cooper Preston, his heirs or assigns, at his or their own cost, the extent of the land to be considered according to the wants of an adequate station, and not more m any case than half rn acre. That it is understood that this agreement shall not xequire Mr. Preston to furnish more land than is requisite Eor the proper mnaking of the railway, with slopes, >sadings, and station. That the company shall pay the ex_rpenses of Mr. Preston's solicitor in this business, and 25?. for his own personal expenses." Upon this agreement being entered into, the appellant withdrew his opposition. An zmalgamation having taken place between the Laucashire and North Yorkshire Company and another company, they agreed to carry on their undertakings under the name of the Liverpool, Manchester, and Neweastle-upon-Tyne Railvay Company. They obtained their act of incorporation under this name, and deposited their plans and sections, and i,tered upon the appellantis estate to project their work sat erein, but had not subsequently taken possession or the land. A ttempts were made to dissolve the company in 185t when the appellant filed a hill to enforce the specific pefnermance of the agreement. On the cause coaing on to be heard the Master of the eolls dip s misso d the hill, with costs, on the 21st of April, 1853. The present appeal was then brought, ad it was magei that the company was hound in equity by the agree- rtmeno. The respndents, hon ever, contended that the two direbtors who don ofed the agreement had received no 3athority wich could bind the amalgamated company, who had never adopted the agreement; and that, supposing they aad, the appellant could not recover compensation, as t.he land had never been taken possession of for the purposes sof the railvway, the agrzeement being conditional on the railway being carried out. They also submritted that the act under which the company was incorported gave no powerto raise or pay money; and, finally, that the appellant md by the non-performance of the contract sustained no injury. Mr iFolleft and Mfr. Southgate were heard in support of {he appceal, and Mr. Roundell Palmerand Mr. E. Humphreys - for tee respondents. After hearing the arguments on beth sides, Their1 LORDS?Sn were of opinion that, upon consideration ef alithe circunmstances of the case, the company wvas not bound to carry out the agreement; therefore, the judgment ef the Court belowwvouldhe affirmed. Judgment affirmed.
LAW REPOBT. COURT OF CHANCERY. IwcoLN-'ssm. M3A-cR rS. TV TRF TOW1S PAT1N-!W (Before the LoRD CHANCELLOR. It will be recollected that this petition by Lowe, to have the lreat seal affixed to an alleged invention by him for an improvement in the screw propellers of steamships, came on for hearing before his Lordship on Wednesday last. On that occasion the application was opposed by a person named Wyche, on the ground that the invention was his cwn, and that it had been communicated by him to Lowe, who was atrthat time in his service, for the purpose of having a model made. Neithercounsel nor solicitor appeared in support of the petition, and the Lord Chancellor, being of opinion that the evidence decidedly preponderated in favour of Wyche, but at the same time being-averse to shut out Iowe, who stated that he was taken by surprise by the absence of his professionwl advisers, smade an order dismis. ing the petition with costs, unless cause were shown to the contrary this morning. hf C SOUTH[GATR nowv appeared for lowe, and stated that lhe hsd en affidavit on his behalf clearing up any deficiencies that might previously have existed in his case. fr. FORSTER, for Wyche, said he was quite willing to go on with the matter upon the evidence before his Lordship on Wednesday last, but must ask for the case to stand over if tlhe new affidavit were to be used. At the same time, the petitioner ought to pay the coste of the last hearing before g allowed to amend his case. The IoRD CHAlCELLOR ordered Lowe to pay the costs of the day of the formerhearingwithin4S hours, or the former order to stand. If, however, the costs were paid within the time specified, then the petition was to be in the paper for Wednesday next to be re-argued. (Before the LoRDs JusTiCeS of APPXAL.) THE NORFOLK ESTUARY COMPANY V. EVANS. This case ended in the injunction being continued and the ques on of costs being arrnged. Mr. Maias and Mr. Surrage were for the plaintiffs; Mr. Baccn and Mr. Bnsk for the defendants. CORLEY V. LORD STAFFORD. Sir F. KELLY stated that in this case he appeared for Mr. Alexander Francis Campbell, who sought to have a post. ponemcat of the hearing of this important cause until a cross-examination could be had before this Court, if this Court would permit it, and until he (Mr. Campbell) bad had the opportunity of laying before the Attorney. general a statement in order to take his opinion whether proceedings should not be instituted against Mr. Corley under an act of Parliament he would presently mention. It was of no consequence to the applicant what steps were first taken, so that nn decision was come to here until they were takei. Although he (Sir F. Kelly) did not admit the validity of the marriage of the widow Campbell, of 80 years of age, with Mr. Corley, the barrster, of 50 years old, and who lived, died, and was buried as a widow, yet, for the purpose of his argument, he would make that admission, and thereupon ground the application he should make. One of the misfortunes under which Mr. Campbell laboured was that solicitor after solicitor and counsel after counsel had abandoned his case. The cross-examination of Mfr. Corley had been conducted in the proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Court solely as to the validit;y of the marriage, and there the marriage had a few days ago been pronounced valid; and administration had thereupon been granted to Mr. Corley as the surviving husband, of the intestate. The ground of the present application was the statute under which the marriage had been solemnized, by which certain statements were directed to be made, and they were contained in the 1st, 4th, 6th, 7th, th, 11th, and 20th sections (6th and 7th of William IV., c. S5), in some of which statements the cross-examina tion, if permitted, would show that serious misrepresentattions had been made; then followed the 43d section, by which it was provided that if any valid nmarriage should be solemnized through or by means of that statrte, it should be lawful for the Attorney-General to sue for and recover all the benefit which the offending partywould take by such marriage, and the party now applying wished the opportunity of talking the judgmnent of the Attorney-General, whetfer an information, or other proceedings, should not be adopted. A sufficient ground for this would be the consideration that if the cause were brought to a determination before this were done Mr. Corley would sweep away all the property which it was contended would be forfeited. Lord Justice KnGHT BRUCL-Rad not the cause better stand over for a short time? Mr. DAaEEL.-If Mr. Corley could see any chance of a conclusion to this most protracted and oppressive litigation of five years' duration his advisers would have no difculty in concession; and even now, if the Court would exact from hMr. Campbell an admission of the validity of the marriage for zll the purposes present and future of this suit, no opposition will o offe Sir F. Kxrmy.-It ill becomes the counsel for lr. Corle to complain of oppression. The time will come when I shui be able to state Mr. Campbell's case, and then I can show w.here the oppression has been. However, I freely admit on MEr. Campbell's behalf the validity of the marriage for all the purPOEes present and future of this suit, unless and until some court of competent jurisdiction shall declare it to bs invalid. Lord Justice KITOGT BRUCE.-AIl diligence must be u sed to bring the matter under the notice of the Attorney. General. Mr. SOUTHGATE (with Mr. DAML).-Even when all is done, if the Attnrnev-General proceeds to a forfeiture, Mr. Corley will be the person to take the property, for the forfeiture is not to the Crown, but the statute 4 George IV., which regulates the forfeiture, directs its settlement on the wife and children, if any, and, if not either, then on the representative of the wife, which Mr. Corley now is. Ultimately the case was ordered to stand over until the 21st of April, and 3001. out of the arrear of dividends was ordered to be paid to Mr. Corley without prejudice to any ques1ion, he undertaking to account for the same. The fand was directed to be brought into court, and so the matter for the present ends. m.. Daniel. Dr. R Phillimore, and Mr. Southgate are caasuel for r. Corley Sir Fitzroy Kelly, Mr. Bacon, Dr. Traimrs Twias, and Mr. Greene for JMr. Campbell; Mr. BcKt for Q41d Stfford, the trutee,
VICE-CEANPELTJ)s4l' MTRMT Aryr r TRLM1M3 V. DANBY. (Beforc Vce-Uuznccalor Sir R. T. KLN-DESLr.l This suit is for the administration of the estate of the late Joseph Mullord Wiliam Turner, the eminent artist, Who made his will in 1831, whereby he left all his property, real and personal, to trustees for sale, with a trust to invest in Bank Annuities. There was likewise a gift of two pictures to the National Gallery, which now hang there, and there -was a gift out of the residue to e.stablsh an institution, to be called "Turner's Gift," either by building a gaUery or renting one for that purpose; and four codicils were attached to the will, which referred to the pictures left by the testatorin Queen Ann-street, Cavendish-square, and which,as to the "finished pictures," were given to the trustees of the NTational Gallery; and in case such gift should not take effect, the collection to be put under the custody of a party, namned, and exhibited at his own house during the remainder of the lease, excepting two years, with a gift, in default of such appropriation,to the RoyalAcademy; and there were directions to apply 1,0001. in erecting a monument to the mnemory of thedeceased. It appeared also that in July, 1844, the testator executed a deed w.hereby Samuel Rogers, a gentleman named M£onro, Charles Turner, and Sir Martin Archer Shoee were made trustees of certain freehold lands to found a charity for indigent artists, 55 years of age, and born in England, and to suffer the testator at any time thereafter to build thereon a certain erection, such charity to he called " Turner's Charity ;" and the testator having alwrays received the rents of such land, and' no such building havnng been erected, upon that transawction and the vill several verY important questions arose under the Morimain and Thellusson Acts, and whether the National Gallery and Royal Academy could be regarded as charities, the contention arising between the next of kin, the heir-at-law, the Crow;:, and legatees. Mr. BAILY and Mr. W. R. TERRELL, for the plaintiffs, the trustees, merely submitted the points. Mr. ROLT (writh whom were Zlr. Glasse and MIr. W. Morris) appeared for the next of kin, and argued for an intestacy, that the effect of the deed and the will were to oring the case within the provisions either of the Statute of Mortnain, or of that ag.linst perpetuities. The Solicitor-General. Mr. J. Wilde (of the common law bar), Mr. Cairns, and Mr. Wickens appeared in support of the gift to the National Gallery, and for the Crown; MrTeed and Mr. W. Forster for other defendants. 3Mr. C. P. COOPER and Mr. DALY appeared for the heirat-law, and said that proposals had been made by the Solicitor-General, from his clients, to the heir-at-law and next of kin, and accepted by them; and the only question remaining was as to those representing the Royal Academy. The case then stood over until Saturday morning next, to settle the terms if they should be accepted. (Bcfore Fiee-Chancedlor SirW W. P. WOOD.) COLI=S V. CAVE. The plaintiff in this suit sought to be relieved in equity in respectof 2,4861. Ss., paid by him under an award to his brother, the defendant Charles Colins. The following-is a shortoutline of the facts of the case :-In September, 1845, the plaintiff, Mr. Collins, was induced by the defendant, Cave to become a partaker with him in a speculation connected with shares in the Paris and Strasburg Railway, for which an advance of 6,0001. was required. The plaintiff applied to his brother, the Rev. Charles Collins, a deendt in this suit, to lend to him and Cave this money. Charles Collins refused to accele to the request as originally made to him, but expressed a wish to participate equally in the adventure, upon which terms he offered to advance 6,0001. This offer was accepted, and the 6,0001. was advanced, it being agreed that the premiums and profits to be derived from the shares should be divided in equal thirds between the plaintiff, his brother, and Cave. In August, 1846, the shares were at a discount, and after some correspondence between Charles Collins and Cave asto converting thle money advanced for the speculation into a loan to Cave, communications were made to the plaintiff as to retiring from the adventure with a view to Cave's becoinmg sole owner of all the shares. The plaintiff assented to this arrangement, and informed the defendant CharlesColins of hisassent. The bill went on to state that the original agreement having been thus annulled, a new one was entered into, to the effect that the plaintiff and his brother should withdraw altogether from the adventure, leaving Cave to keep all the profits and bear all the losses therein, the whole 6,0001. to be considered as having been lent by Charles Collins to Cave, to whom alone Charles Collins was to look for repayment, the plaintiff ceasing in equity to be liable forthe 2,0001. lent to him byhis brother. Frequent applications were made between 1846 and 1848byCharlesCollinsto Caveforrepaymentof the6,0001.and interest, complaints were made by him to the plaintiff of his difficulties in getting any settlement from Cave of this debt, and the plaintiff, to whom not the slightest application was made for the 2,0001., his share of the loan under the original agreement, had legally advised his brother as to the best means of recovering his debt, and written to Cave upon the subject. On the 5th of July, 1848, Charles Collins, for the first time, made a claim upon the plaintiff for 2,0001. in respect of the money originally lent to him, the whole 6,0001. having been hitherto considered and admitted to have been the debt of Cave alone. The plaintiff, fully believing that he had become discharged from al liabilitybythe letters and actsof his brother, refused to pay the 2,0001., stating at the time that it was a gros4j{raud on the part of his brot'her to have authorized him to get the whole 6,0001. from Cave. Charles Collins brought an action against the plaintiff to recover the 2,0001. with interest. The plaintiff pleaded non assurniisit, and the agreemnent of August, 1846, for converting the adventure into a Than of 6,0001. to Cave, and also fled a bill of discovery against Charles Collins in aid of his derenue, to which Charles Collins put in two answers, insisting, as he now insisted, that 'the plaintiff had never amsentedtothe newarrangement. Upon the trial of the action on the Ist of December, 1849, before openingthe case of the defendant (the present Plaintiff), a reference was directed, upon which neither the plaintiff nor defendant were to be examined. The plaintiff, from the state of feeling existing between himself and Cave, felt that he could not safely call Cave as a witness, and by the award of the arbitrator made upon the 5th of July, 1850, the plaintiffwas directed to pay to Charles Collins 2,2001., together rith the costs of the reference and award, which were taxed at 3051. Os. 9d. A judgment had been at once entered up for the amount, which the plaintiff had on the 2d of of August, 1850, been compelled to pay. For relief in respect of these transactions the plaintiff had filed his bill against Cave and Charles Collins. Mr. Rolt and Mr. Rasch appeared for the plaintiff; and fr. W. M. James, hr. Willcock, and Mr. Selwyn for the defendants. The VICE-CEaLNCELLOR, after adverting to the very painful nature of the case, said that he could not sustain the bill, as all the means of supporting his case were open to the plaintiffupon the reference, which couldnot be set aside, and it was a matter of surprise that the bill had not been demurred to. With respect to the defendant Cave, he should not give him any costs, for it would be monstrous to fix the plaintiff with additional costs for having brought him before the Court. His Honour, after going through the correspondence, said that, though he could not relieve the plaintiffinrespectofthe2,0001.,ashe had failed at law, he should not give any coats ainst him. He must confess his impression that if the whole matter had been sifted and the facts had properly comne out npon the arbitration the result rwould have been different. the bil therefore, though dismissed, would be dismissed without costs.
PREROGATIVE COURT, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5. SHARP AD SHARP V. BARCLAY AND OTHERS. (:Before Sir JoHN DODSON.) ;Sir J. LDODSON delivered 3udgment in this case, the facts of which appeared in The Tinmes of Monday last. The deceased in thcause, he said, Mrs. Elizabeth Ronalds, died on the 20th of August, 1854, leaving a will dated the 26th of June, 1852, by which she gave the whole of her property to hersister, Mfrs. Sharp, for life, and then directed it to be divided between her three daughters, to the exclusion of the children of two deceased brothers, Mr. Alexander and Mr. William Barclay. Probate was opposed by the three children of Mr. AlexanderBarclay, on the ground of the incapacity and imbecility of the deceased and the delusions under which she laboured at the time it was executed. looking, however, at the evidence adduced by the respective parties, he was of opinien that the case set up against the will had not been established, and, consequently, he must decree probate to the executors, but under the circumstances he would decree costs out of the estate. REECE V. PRFSSEY. This wasa business of povingin solemn form of law the last will and testament, aring date the 14th of January, 1855, of Harriot Reece, spinster, late of Staniford-hill, promoted by Mr. Reece, her nephew, and the principal legatee namned in the will, against Mrs. Pressey, a sister, and one of the next of kin of the deceased. The testatrix died two days after the execution of the will, aged 80, lean two sisters and several nephews and nieces. Her personal property amounted to about 1,400. The will was opposed on three grounds-the weakened capacity of the deceased, the insufficiency of the evidence to support the paper, aud the absence of fixed and final testamentary intentions. Dr. Bayford and Dr. Wambey were heard in support of the will; and Dr. Waddilove against it. The COURT reserved its decision.
sSPRNG ASSIZES. Wr.T'TERN flTROUJTTT WfINCRESTER, WEDNEsDAY, MIARcH 5. (Befor-e Mr. Serijcant CNNIELL.) Luke W. Bennett was indicted for forging a post-office receipt for money, with intent to defraud. lMr. Slade and Mr. Poulden were counsel for the prosecu'tion. In October last the prisoner, who vas a gunner in the Royal Artillery, was in the hospital at Portsea. On the 20th of October a soldier named Connor obtained a moneyorderat the Woolwich post-office for 31. 3s. Ld., in favour of W. Barrett, a soldier stationedat Portsmouth. The letter containg the order should have reached Barrett on the 21st of October, but he had accompanied his master to Birming ham. On the 27th of October a soldier named Martin tool: a letter addressed to Barrett to the prisoner, who having opened it and seen a money-order in it, said it was not for him, and he gave it back to Martin, directing him to takeit to the sergeant-major. It would seem, however, that the prisoner shortly afterwards changed his mind; for, seeing another soldier, named Holmes, he told him to to to Martin and get the letter, as he now recollected that it was for him. Holmes overtook Martin, and told him this, and thekn Martin and Holmes proceeded together to the post-office, and produced the order. The postmaster told them he could not pay it until it was signed, and they took it to a publichouse and induced a woman who was there to sign the name "William Bennett." They then returned to the post-office, and Main presentedtheorder,but the postmaster,suspecting something, asked them several questions, which, however, they could not answer, and he retained the order, and Martin and Holmes went away. The next day the postmaster went to the risonerin tle hospital, and he mgned the name of Wi.am Darrett" to the order ; it -wa found, however, that that was not his name, and for that forgery he was ap prehended and now prosecuted. The jury found the prisoner Guilty, and he was sentenced to four years' penal servitude. William Henry May, JTames May, and Henry Phillis were indicted for burglariouily 'bieiig and entering the house of Emanuel Emanuel and Ezekiel Emanuel, at Portsea, on the 15th of December lost, and stealing therefrom a very large quantity of jewehy. -A-dother count charged the prisoners With receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen. Wlliam Henry May pleaded "Guilty." Mfr. Saunders and Mr. Poulden conducted the pro"e. cution. Froma verylargebody of evidence the following facts may be gleaned:-The prosecutors were in partnership as iewellers, carrying on business on the Hard at Portsaa On the night of Saturday, the 15th of December, the premises were properlyfastened up. On the Sundaymorning the housemaid came down stairs first, and in the kitchen she saw some. small saws and other implements of housebreaking. She instantly informed her master, who came down stairs and went into the shop, where he found everything in confusion, and the showcases empty and upset, and that property had lIeen taken awayto the value of 1,200. Upon malng as earch it was discovered that some persons had made an entry through the roof of the house, and had gone into the different rooms on the ground-floor. It seemed that Ezekiel Emanuel, who slept on the premises had been disturbed twice in the course of the night, and hadgot up, but, finding that his neighbours were stirring, he thought the noise must have proceeded from their movements, and therefore he went to bed again. Of course, there was no doubt but a very large robbery bad been committed, and the police were set in motion; but nothing occurred to lead to suspicion until the 26th of January, when James May and Phillips were taken into custody in consequence of their having pledged many articles of jewelry. It then turned out that the two Mays, who were brothers and bricklayers' labourers, lived with their mother and sister at Portsea, the two brothers occupying the same bed. Shortly after the robbery William Henry May told his sister he was going to London, and he said that there. was something in his box whiclh he left in his room that he should not l any one to see. About a week after he had left the sister became a little curious about this box, and she looked into it, but saw nothing to attract her notice. In a few days, as her brother did not return, she look-ed into this box again, and then she saw that a smaller box, which had been on a shelf in the room, had been placed in the larger box, and that tne lock was torn off. Upon looking into the small box she saw it contained a large quantity of jewelry. Some days afterwards she looked in the box again, and found that some one must have been there since her last visit, and she took out a watch and some other things for her own use. James May, seeing that she had these things, found fault with her for taldng them, and said he had a share in them. James May and Phillips were then proved to have employed different persons to pawn a great number of articles on different days, with several pawnbrokers at Portsmouth. Elizabeth Phillips, the sister of the prisoner, Henry Phillips, was one of the persons so employed, but at length she became frightened, and buried a quantity of the things given to her by her brother to pledge. In the meantime William Hienry May returned and took away the box. James May, on the 23d of January, took .a gold chain to a pawnbroker, whose assistant, Miss Price, stopped it, and he went-away; she gave information to the police, and then he was taken into custody, and afterwfards Phillips was apprehended. About a week after their apprehension William HIenry ay caine home, and his sister advised him to go ofE which he did, but in a few days he sent a letter, containing a post-office order, to his brother, and this afforded the police a clue to his whereabouts in London, and he was apprehended. The box was in his possession, and a large number of dupEcates of property. He at once told the police how the robbery had been effected. Nearly the whole of the property has been recovered. The jury found the prisoners Guilty, and they were sentenced as follows:-WiDiam Henry May and James May each to 14 years' penal servitude, and Henry Phillips to four years' penal servitude.
CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT, Marc25. OLD COURT. (Before Lord CThief JTwstice JEnIs5 and T1r. Jltica ERLE.) WilliamGriffiths, 34, apowerful-looking man, was eharged with the canital offence of cutting and wounding. Alfred Mills, vith intent to murder. him. The prisoner was also charged, in the terms of a particular statute, with havinig caused bodily injury to the prosecutor dangerous to life. Mr. Bodkmn and Mr. ClerX conducted the prosecution, which was institutedby order of the Home Secretary. The prosecutor deposed that he was a vwarder belonging to the Mlbank prison, and in January last the prisoner was a convict confined thereunder a sentence of penal servitude. On the 1h of January he and a number of other convicts who had to undergo hard labour were removed from their cells and marched in a single file to the treadwheel, under the charge of witness and some other warders. The prisoner was nearly the last of the file of convicts, and, as they were going along, the prisoner stepped out of the rank and struck him on the head with a heavy iron ring, with a rope attached to it. He bled a great deal and was nearly insensible, and when he partly recovered hinoself he saw the prisoner struggling with another of the warders, when by the assistance of four of the convicts he was secured. He had not spoken to the prisoner on that morning, and he gave him no provocation for the attack he made upon him. On the previous week he had reported the prisoner for insubordinate conduct. He had also reported bimfor saying that he wished he could break down the treadwheel, and he would do all in Iris power to do so. The prisoner asked the PrOSCCUtOr whether he had not repeatedly complained of the treatment he received in the prison, and asked to see the governor, and also whether he himself had not repeatedly assaulted and :na~eo 1im l. whether he did not draw a knife upon him befor~e the assault was committed upon the day in question? The prosecutor said that the prisoner had asked to be allowed to see the governor, and his name was dovn in the ward report-book with that object. He denied most positively having ever assaulted the plisoner. Edward Beer, another warder, confirmed the evidence of the prosecutor as to the circumstances under which the assault was conmitted by the prisoner, and produced the weapon that had been made use of. It appeared to be a large, heavy, iron ring which had been used to suspend the prisoner's hammock. Some hammock cord had been 'wound round it to form a sort of handle, and there was a noose at the end to pass over the wrist, and thus give a greater purchase in making use of the instrument. Mr. Underwood, the principal warder, proved that after the prisoner was secured he said that he had intended to mnrder the prosecutor. Mr. Hatfield, the surgeon of the prison, proved that the injuries received by the prosecutor -were very serious, and undoubtedly dangerous to life. The prisoner, *.hen called upon to answer the charge, repeated his former statement as to the cruel treatment experienced by penal convicts, and said it was much worse at Millbank than anywhere else. He then exclaimed, in a violent tone, that he did not expect to get a fair trial, but although he might be convicted he would do something that should get him another trial. The Lord CEF JusTIcE asked the prisoner what he mneant by this, but he could obtain no satisfactory answer the prisoner merely continuing to mutter that he should have another triaL His LOBDSHIP then briefly called' the attention of the jury to the evidence, and, after a short deliberation, they found the prisoner Guilty of wounding the prosecutor with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. The learned JuDGE, in passing sentence, told the prisoner that the jury had taken a very merciful view of his case in acquitting him of the intent to commit murder. The offence he had committed was undoubtedly a most serious one, and he could not see any paliation whatever font. It appeared. that he felt himself in some way aggrieved at the treatment he had received inthe prison, but the prosecutor had nothing whatever to do with that; he merely performed his duty as Ione of the officers of the pris an in obedience to his orders. *Even supposing that the prosecutor had assaulted hin on any previous occasion, which, however, he had positively denied, it was not pretended that on the morning of the occurrence he had given the prisoner the least provocation, and there was no doubt that he had prepared himself with the deadly instrument that had been produced, and that he had gone out of his cell with the deliberate intention of making the attaclk upon the pro. secutor. Under these circumstances, he felt that he had no alternative but to pass a severe sentence, and he should therefore order him to be transported for life. When the prisoner heard the sentence he exclaimed in an impudent tone-" Thank you, Iam very much obliged to you.x JohnBernard Travers, a very respectable looking young man, surrendered to take his trial for the manslaughter of James Tonson. Mr. Bodkin and Mr. Clerk conducted the prosecution; the prisoner was defended by Mr. Ballantine. This prosecution, it appeared, was instituted by the direction of the Board of Trade. The lisoner Vas the chief mate of a merchant vessel- called the Mfirage, and it was alleged that he had by wanton and brutal violence caused the death of one of the seamen on board the vesseL It appeared that the vessel was at Shanghai in the autumn of last year, and that, being short handed in her crew, the deceased, who, it appeired, was a Frenchman, was shipped at that port to assist in navigating the MIirage to'Egland. According to the evidence for the prosecuton, when the vessel was upon the high seas near the Western Island4 the unfortunate deceased, who was in a very i state of health, was put in irons and kept on the deck; and it was also stated that when he was unable to get up from wealness the prisoner beat him most cruelly with a thick Tope; and it appeared also that he died very shortly afterwards, and his body was thrown into the sea There was no surgeon on board the vessel, and consequently there was no distinct evidence as to the cause cf death; it also appeared in the course of the case that the deceased was in a very diseased state. and that there was an impression on board the ship that he was skulking from his duty, and that he had also pricked his face with bamboo in order to make it swell and give him the appearance of hxving the scurvy, -with a view to enable him to escape from his due share of the labour on board the vessel. The COURT, at the close of the case for the prosecution expressed an opinion that the evidence was not sufficient.to. maintain a charge of manslaughter, as there was clearly no distinct evidence as to the cause of death, or that it resulted in any way from an act done by the prisoner. The jury consequently returned a verdict of Not GuiUy. There was another indictment for misdemepnour aga*.ng the prisoner, in having assaulted the deceased, which arose out of the same circumstances, and Mr. Justice ERLE inquired of the learned counsel for. the prosecution whether, after the verdict that had been pronounced, he considered it necessary to proceed with that in. dictment? -lr. CI3LBE said that the Board of Trade, by whom the prosecution waa directed, felt that it was of very great imaportance that the'eeamen employed in the merchant service should not ba subjected to improper or cruel treatment, and kg f1t Vat under the kcu=Wm;s, he was juiti uin taking the opirnion of the jury, whether the prisoner had nct exercised wvanton and unnecessary violence towrards the unhappy deceased man, and whether 'ae vwas not, at all events, guilty of the offence of unLawfully wounding. - Mr. Justice ERLE said that the learned counsel was of course at liberty to take any steps he pleased with regard to the indictment in question. The prisoner was then charged with t e offence of misdemeanour, in having maliciously assaulted the deceased, and occasioned him grievous bodily harn. Tho evidence in support of this charge was precisely the nune as that which was relied upon to support the charge of manslaughter. The act of wounding was alleged to be, that the prisoner by the severe use of a rope had broken the skin of the deceased and caused the bloodtoflow. This fac. was sought to be established, as in the first case, by the evidence of three seamen on board the vessel, but, although they all spoke to various acts of violence having been committed by the prisoner, they contradicted each other in several material particulars. Mdr. BALlANTINE made an able address tothe jury on behalf of the defendant, and contended that there was nothing to show that he had done more than was necessary for the preservation of the discipline of the vesseI, and that the statements of the witnesses had been very much exaggeratedwith regard to the acts thathad been Aone by the defendant. Mr. Carter, the captain of the Mirage, was called as a vitness, and- he stated that he always considered the defendant a kind and humane uman, and a good officer. In answer to a question suggested by the jury, Captain Carter said that it was by his orders that the deceased was put in irons, and his reason for giving the order was, that the crew complained of the deceased, and stated that he was in the habit of pricking his face with bamboo and poiscring it, by which means he gave himself the appearance of illness and so "skulked" from his work. He aLso stated thai;there was a -good deal of sickness among the crew, partly occasioned by the use of salt meat; and that he, in consequence, gave the deceased and others who wrere sick fresh food and wine from his own table. Other witnesses were examined, who also gave the defendant the character of a kind and humane man. Mr. Justice Enin, in leaving the case to the jury, said tbat, although he had put it to the learned counsel for the prosecution before the trial commenced, whether heconsidered it necessary to proceed with the present charge, he had only done so upon the ground that, as the prisoner had been placed in jeopardy upon a much nore serious charge upcn exactly the same evidence, it was not usual to proceed -with a minor charge under such circumstances, and he did not at all complain of his trying the present charge before them. In law undoubtedly, if the jury should believe that the prisoner by the use of the rope had cut the skin of the deceased and caused the flowing of blood, he would be guilty of the charge imputed to him by the present indictment; but it was at the same time for them to consider whether, under all the circumstances as they had been proved by the evidence, it was made out that the defendant had acted wilfully and maliciously, or whether he had done more than he conceived to be his duty in the position he held on board the & jury, after some deliberation, returned a verdict of Guilty. MIr. Justice EBLE said, the Court would consider -what sentence ought to be pronounced. Robert Cummins, 51, described as a brickkmaker, was indicted for having feloniously in his possession 10 forged Bank of England notes for 101. each, without lawful excuse, and with intent to utter them and thereby defraud the public. Mr. Ballantine and Mr. Clerk conducted the prosecution, The prisoner was defended by 3Mr. Parry. It appeared, from the evidence for the prosecution, that on the Ist of February some officers belonging to the M division of police, in consequence of information they had received, were watching a house in Smirke's-road, Old Lentroad, and the prisoner and another man came out, and on the constables ying hold of him he dropped an envelope, which was found t contain the number of forged notes mentioned in the indictment. The prisoner gave no explanation as to the manner in which the forged notes came into his possession, and there appeared to be good ground for believing that he has for a long time been engaged in proceed- of this description. The juryreturned a verdict of Guilty, and the prisoner was sentenced to be keptin penal servitude for six years. NEW COURT. (Beforc the RECORDER.) Henry Jackson, 34, grocer, was indicted for feloniously refusing to surrender himself tea fiat of bankrnptev. Mr. robinson and Mr. Poland prosecuted, and Mfr. Parry defended. It appeared from the statement of the learned counsel, and the evidence of the witnesses, that in November, 185M, the prisoner took a shop at Eton, and shortly afte'rwards he applied to several houses in the city to furnish him with goods to open the shop as a draper. Among those to whom he applied, and who were the parties to the bankruptcy, were Messrs. Abbott and Nottingham and Hanson and Hoyle of Aldermanbury, and Crocker of Friday street, and the statementhe made to these gentlemen to induce them to give him credit was to the effect, that he had taken the shop at Eton, which had been a draper's for some years, upon a lease. He said that to support him in the undertaking he was about selling some property in Rutlandshire, and wished the prisoners to w.rite down there and make all the inquiries they thought fit. He also showed them a willat D)octozs'commons confirming the truth of his assertion. The prosecutors wrote down into Rutlandshire to the persons he had named, and received most satisfactory answers in retrn. The consequence w,as, that the p.oseutors let him have goods amounting in value to about 3001 Prisoner promised to pay2001. uponaccountof this early in the January of 1854. The goods and others from diFferent warehouses in the city, amounting in the whole to about 1,2001. were sent dovn to Eton. The shop at Eton was only kept open until the 11th of January, when it was r-4 +t the prisoner had gone. The place was left quite empSy, excepting a quasnry or dulsy pa-e]s, Tilledwi awdust, which h u used in the shop to ive the appearanCe of stock, and aid in carrying onthe decepthon. It was then found that the will alluded to did not refer to the prisoner, but tohis father, and there was not any truth in the story about the property coming to him; and that he had gone down into Hutlandshire, obtained the letters written bythe prosecutors, andhimself answeredthem. A fiat of bankruptcy was then issued, and the usual notices served upon the premises at Eton, but nothing was at that time seen or heard of the prisoner or the goods. Some time after, the prosecutors heardthathe wasin Oxford Castle undergoing imprisonment for obtaining goods by false pretences at Witiney. Uponthe expiration of the sentencehe was then suffering he was brought up to answer this charge. Mr. PARRY, for the defence, urged to the Court that the proof of service of the notice to surrender was not sufficient. The CounT overruled the objection, and the jury found him Guily. Mr. RoBwSON said that the prisoner had been guiltr of very fraudulent conduct in 1852, when he carried on a boot andshoetrade and was bankrupt. He had, in fact, for years been carrying on a most deliberate system of fraud. The RECORDER, in passing sentence, told the prisoner that his case was about the worst he had ever heard, and he should not be doing his duty if he did not make a severe example of him to operate as a warning to others. He was sentenced to six years' penal servitude. THRID COURT. (Before the ComnoN SERJEAIiT.) Alfred Swinburne, 20, engineer, was indicted for burglary inthe dwelhinghouse of Sir Fienry Muggeridge, and stealing a watch, chain, twro coats, and other articles valued at 251. It appeared that upon the night of the 24th of January the prosutor's residence at Streatham was broken into, and the articles stolen. lInformation was given to the police, and by them to the pawnbrokers, and upon the morning of the 4th of February prisoner was stopped at a pawabroker's in London-terrace, uackney, offeringinpawnthe watch stolen from the prosecutor. It then turned out that the morning after the burglary the prisoner had pawned one of the coats at Greenwich, and the other coat and chain was proved to have been pawined by the prisoner. There were another in. dictment against the prisoner, who had been found dealing with some property valued at 151., stolen from a gentleman at Walthamatow. This indictment was not gone into, and prisoner, having been found Guilty upon the other one, was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment. Louisa Emily Nitsch, 26, married, was indicted for stealing, and also receiving two watches, the property of Frederick Dent. The prisoner being a foreigner, the Common Serjeant requested Mr. Payne to watch the case, she being without counseL The prosecutor, who is the well-known watchmaker of the Strand, stated that upon the 21st of January he sent his young man with a case of 23 gold watches to a person to make a selection from. They were got out of the possession ef the young m,lan, and upon the 22d ofJanuary prisoner pawned one of them for . IJUpon the 29th she offered a second one, but the numbers and descriptions of the stolen watches having been given to the pawnbroker he detained her and sent for the police. The prisoner had upon both occasions given her rigEt name and address, and the account she gave of them was that she became possessed of them through a person she had danced with at the Grecian Saloon, and that she had no knowledge of their being stolen. M1r. PAYNE -having addressed the jury they Acquittd her. - Eliza Brown, 29, spinster, a miserable dissipated-looling creature, was indicted for uttering forged requests for the deliver of oods. The Rev.53r. Mansfield, incumbent of St. Peter's, Saffronhill, stated that prisoner had forged his name to orders for ihe delivery of bread upon printed tickets which he was n the habit of distributing to the poor of the district, The jury having found her GuMy, The rev. gentleman said, he did not wish the Court to deal severely with her, but he had been obliged to take this course to stop a system of fraud that interfered very nmuch with all charitable designs. Prisoner was a well-educated woman and respectably connected. When searched a great number of similarly forged orders were found and also toine begging let.ters. The CoMmoN SERnzA.wr said, it was very desirable that such frauds should be punished, and sentenced her to six months'imprisonment.
[AdvertisemIenf.]-" Sii Bernlad Burke'8 Peerage anda Baronetase for lSSS." The new editioa of this valuaMle lori is just publishied, in one soL., corrected throughout to the preeent,time, with 1,500 engravings of arms, &e. " For the arnhring qOmutity of personal andfamDly history, admirable arlrangement of detaBils, and acuayof inforniation, this genealogical and hers]dic dictiomsy is w;ithout a rival. It is now the standard and acknowrledged book of reference vion all questions touching pedigree and direct or collateral afflty with the titled aristocray. Thelneage of each distinfnised house is deduced through al the varinnsnjiiications. Iverycollaterabsanch bovwever reyuot4 connected, is introduced; and the alliances are eo arefulbinsertedas to shoin- all instances the conmion which so incimab exists betveen tre--titled and untitled aristocracy. We hhieflmatter-aDd rrsy very curious and interesting family traditiomie. The work Ls% in fact, coomplete cylopdra of the whole titled da s of tbemwpire,,upp4ing a Ithbe infonniMron tbat can *mbly he duiedr .l thqt acwc . t ih*tet, f..to agg gj Ar--
POLCEz. AMA sIroN-1uSE.-RaMo Sa3ee and rn Price -Were charged with having uttered a piece of false ana counterfeit coin, apparentlt intended to resemble and pass for a sixpence, and for hiavlng Within ten- days thereafter uttered another false and counterfeit coia of the same kind, Ramno Samee having at the same time in his possession eight similar pieces of spurious metaL It was impDssible .that an charge could be more clearly p:oved. The,prisoners had gone into a public-houlse ain dge-row, called -for a haf-pint of porter, and tendered ia payment a counterfeit. The barman told them it was bad, and followed them to another public-house, where they tried to pass another bad coin, and were taken into custody and lodged in the station-house. The eight pieces of spurious metal alluded to were found in the male prisoner's possesion. Grove, who gave evidence in the first instance, having been directed to mention to Mr. Powell, the solicitor to the Iint, the facts of the case, in order that a prosecution mght be at once instituted, said, "I have reported the case to MIr. Powrell, and showrn him the Coins produced in evidence, and that gentleman said that the coins were not coins resembling the Queen's current coin, but merely Pnce of Wales's medals, and therefore no prosecution The LORD MiYOR said he very much regretted the obligation he was under to dischage two persons who were evidently living by the plunder of industrious people, and his Lordship directed 2Mr. Oke, the second clerj, who offl. ciated on the occasion, to write to Sir George Grey, calling the attention of the Right, Hon. Secretary to the freqdency of the offence of Uttering counterfeit coins especially single coins, two or, three prisoners a-week having been brought up at the Mansion-house alone; and in all such cases the Mint solicitor having declined to sanction the prosecution becauss there had been only one uttering within 10 days, and the prisoners having been consequently set at liberty; only to repeat the offence, while there was the enactment of the 2d williamIV., making it a misdemeanour to tender, utter, or put off any false or counterfeit coin resembling, or apparently intended to resemble or pass for, any of the current gold or silver coin of the realm. Mr. Oke was further directed by his Lordship to express his opinion that the facts detailed showed that some legislative enactment Ws urgently required for prosecuting and punishing persons guilty of sue conduct, without the intervention or sanction of the authorities of the Mint. Bow-sTRsErT.-Two fashionably.dressed young men, named Richard Hennessyand MatthewRodomachi, were brought before Mfr. JADINE for being drunk and disorderly and assaulting the police to,wards the close of the bal mna&a at Covent-garden Theatre. It appeared that the prisoners, with a party of friends, occupied a private box near the stage, and that at about a quarter to 4 o'clock they attracted the attention of the lice by hoisting a woman from the promenade into the box. Policeman A 256 attempted first to dissuade and then to prevent them from doing this, but was restrained from using muchforce by the fear of hurting the woman. He, however, cautioned Hennessy, who was standing in the promenade, and had principally assisted the woman in climbing to the box, that if he did anything of the sort againhe would be removed to the station-house. In about ten minutes, however, lennessyattempted to enter the box by' the same means, and on the constable forcibly pulling bun down turned upon him and gave him a violent blow in the face. Some of the bystanders attempted to rescue Hennessy, but the constable lept his hold even when they with several others rolled from the top to the bottom of the steps from the upper to the lowver promenade-in other words, from the stage to the pit. Another constable coming to the spot to see what was the matter, Rodomachi cau ht him by the whiskers with both hands and from behino. The constable seized one of the hands, of which he determinedly kept hold throughout a sharp struggle, which ended, as in the last case, in their rolling down the steps to ether. Rodomachi, who spoke very imperfect English, denied this statement. lUr. Browning, solicitor, who ttended for the defendant Hennessy, attempted to setuap a nse of excessofdutyagainst. the police. He pointed out that his client was lanme and alleged that he had been pulled back from the box by his in. jured leg, by w,hich he had suffered much pain. In support of this version of the case he called a witness, whose evidence, however, did but little to confirm it. Mr. JARDINE observed that, to keep order at such places, it was necessary to deal severely with any infraction of 1 order, especially with any resistance to the police. The only reason he did ncot at once send the prisoner Hennessy to gaol was that, from the affliction under w,hich he iaboured, hie mnight possibly have suffered some pain in the struggle, which might have increased his irritation. Hle must pay a iine of St. Blodomnachi must pay a penalty The fines were paid immediately. Several cases of pocketpic'-mg in the crowd assembled to witness the con9lagration at Covent-garden Theatre were heard, and adjourned to a future day. In one of these cases the prisoner, John Williams, was one of a party who surrounded the prosecutor, MIr. Jamnes B3unn (a student at Sing's College), mn Broad-court, while the prisoner deliberately plucked a breastpin from the prosecutor's necktie and handed it to a companion, who escaped with it. Ax rough-looking fellow, named Thomas Skinner, was charged wfith being drunk andincapable of driving a carriage It appeared that towards the close of the bto mcrgizd Mrs. Anderson left the theatre in her husband's carriage, drove home, and sent the coachman back to wait for Mr. Anderson and the children. The coachman, on arrivi3ng at the theatre and finding it in fames,- became alarmed for the safety of the children, and, in the agitation of the moment, rushed into the house in search of them without leaving| any one in charge of the carriage. The prisoner, who was in the crowvd at the time, jumped upon the box and drove awziy. Atabout7o'clockhewasstqppedby the police in lVg9Ci He was drunk and unable to drive. He wasflned ±us.,-vr- .p~r..a 4, ooa .1 f O.@ n~il. ,.. prisonmnent. -I MAnLORoGH-sTRnxx.-LOUisa Grischiow was broughtI before Mr. Brulh-GE for final eamination, charged writh staiga quantityof the properties belonging to the PrinThe prisoner pleaded " guilty," and was committed to prison for six months under the newv act. Dr. SamuelBarker was sumoned for assaultin,g John Thomas SteeL. The complainant said he wras traveller to Messrs. T. X. Chapman and Co., printers, No. o, Shoe-lane. On the 9th of FRebruary he went toDr. De boa's' house, in Castle-street, and inquired for Dr. Alfred Barker. Ee was told by the defendant's brother, who opened the door, that Dr. Alfred Barker did not live there. Be replied that wras verystrange, as he had been informed Dr. Alfred Barker did live in that house. The defendant'sbrother said "It~was alie, for Dr. Barker had gone to Australia several months back." He said he was sorry for that, as he came after an account due to the firm. The defendant thereupon ran down stairs, puhdhim out into the street, and gave him a severe kick On cross-examination by Mr Wakeling be denied that any one had asked him to quit the house before he was kricked out. He did not call any one a liar, though he had reason to believe that the person he was in search of really did live in the house. For the defence, John Barmer saidathe complainnt called him a liar twice, &nd would not leave when requested to do so. Ser. BaGaeX said it was always better for a meritorious creditor to resort to the Conty C,ourt at once rather than to dun a reluctant debtor at his own house, as such a proceeding'was most ikely to give rise to angry feelings. The only question here was, whether more force than was necessary had been used. He was of opinion the kick .as unnecessary violence, and for that he should impose a fine of 20s. and costs.
TA.LBOT V. TALBOT. TO TE EDITOR OF THE TIMS. Sir,-As you have admitted into your columns of this day an anonymous paragraph, calculated to give a most false impression with regard to the family of Mrs. Talbot, I trust to your sense of justice to insert a few lines in reply from one of Mrs. Talbot's family, who is neither afraid nor ashamed to avow his name. Mr. Talbots father, mother, and sisters have, in the most emphatic manner, pledgedthemselves to Mrs. Talbot's entire nnocence. One o her sisters has for three years sharedher home -with her, another has shared her bod. Her only brother, Mr. C. T. flPCausland, has sworn, in the most solemn manner that he believes Mrs. Talbot "insane, innocent, and the victim of a foul conspiracy." The paragraph to which you have given insertion would lead any one unacquainted with these facts to the false and cruel conclusion that Ms. Talbots family entertained an idea of her guilt! With regard to Mr. P'hillimore's motion, I have only to say that, until after he had placed his notice on the books of the House, I was an entire stranger to that gentleman, and had not the slightest intimation of his intention or Inowledge that he had ever heard the name of Mr Talbot. I, however, as one of Mrs. Talbof's family, feel deeply grateful to Mr. l?hillimore, and b throu your columns to express my thanks to him on bealf of MIrs. Talbot (who is incapable of expressing them herself), for his eloquent and generous appeal on 'cehalf of an entire stranger. I a.Sir. vour obedient servant. - THOMAS TERTIUS PAGET. H inberstone, near lelcester, larcm J. [it ws at the request of Mrs. Talbot's "ordybrother" that we published the "anonymous" paragraph thus fiercely contradicted. It must be obvious that the epithet "anony. mous" is entirely misapplied when the name of the person responsible for the publication is placed in our hands;, a security which we require in every instace upon which a question of fact can rise.]
M-R. MAcAwmAY AD THE HiGELHA ;DERS.-The 2Vort BrMiuh DailyMail says:-The Highlanders of Glenmore, in Inverness-shire, feeling aggrieved-and indignant at the slanderous charges brought by Mr. A ZM~ulxy against their predecessors in his last volume of theHitory of England, assembled together, and, heeded by a .per playing the "Rognets larch, proceeded to the Black o ,near Glenmore-house, and there burnt in effigy the distinguished historian. 'IEe assembled crowd gaVe three shouts of execrations as The efEigy was consumnzn. Xir. hlcaulay, when in the Highlands, resided forar conlsiacrable period at Gleumorehouse. THE IJOmDoq GENzRAL OBus CoMUI.- Traffic statement for the week ending Marich 1 :-Total number of onnibuse;atwork. 324 ; averagenumuberrunning daily throughout the week, 315 ; total receipts. 5,8Z=. 17s; averae per omnibus for wen d -18? 8a
XA.DULTERATION2 OF FOOD, &c. This Committee met on Friday last in Room No. 17, Mr. Scholefield in the chair. Dr. Lewis. medical officer to the Post-office, stated that lie had visited France a snort time ago for the purpose O,n maidng inquiries into questions connected with the public health. He put himself into communication 'with tho E ome 3inisters there, and the result was that he believed many of the arrangements in force might with advantage be adopted here, with such modifications as the different I habits of the people of the two countries might render noecessary. The ner in which the law was cared out was through the mediulm of a hoard of scientific men, to whom. any person buying food suspe:ted of adulteration might bring such aricles for examination. There were also polioe inspectors, who could visit any shops suspected of selling adulterated articles. Dr. Lewis here read the regulation in force in France, and said, from his own observations he could state there was no compslant from the tradesmen and others as to its operation. Ite thought that a siilar board in London, working under the Board of Health, would be most beneficiaL By the regulation in Paris a heavier punishment was inflicted where the adulterationu was noxious to health than in the case of a mere commerial fraud. - Professor Quekett, of the Royal College of S stated he had directed his attention to the qestion o l. terations generally, and had made analyses from time to time of articles sent to him by medical men. Among other things, milk had come u,nder his notice, and he had detectecl inone instance a mixtuic of sheep's brains, but this was by no means a general mine of paation the prmicipal agent was the pump. With regard to coffee and several other substances,`he could conB±zn the testimony already givan Mr. Thompson, member of the College of Snrgeons, and an analytical chymist, said, with reference to the adulteration of bread, he had examined 78 samples, and he had no doubt that alum was present, but it was in the form of potash and alumina. He wihed to draw a distiction h because these constituents of alum might be present in the bread without any alum having been used at all, and therefore it was difflcult to determine whether alum was present or merely some of its constituents. At all events, the properties of alum were entirely altered, and whatever injurious effects it miht have originally would not be ex- erienced. It was quite impossible that ialum could exist mthe form of crystal after baking, and therefore the evidence given upon this point 1 other witnesSes was most alcious. C5hynically speakhng, the addition of alum would not cause the bread to absorb a larger uatity of water. He was aware that Baron liebig had given an opinion that the presence of alumin bre0ad was injurious, but he thought the opinion was based upon the misapp hension that the alun remained unchanged in the bread. This was not the case. To a certain extent the addition of alum was beneficia, althoughhecouldimagine caes in vhich it might be otherwise. He did not think there would be .any objection to a baker putting up in his shop, "white bread, mixed with alum." The custom was well knolr, and he did not think there was any fraud in it. Alnun was used in Belgium and Pais, and he did not think there was any bread to be obtained in Landon which did not contain it, except it was made privately. With reference to the adulteration of beer, he (Mr. Thompson) believed, from his own experience in the manufacture, that, as a general role, it waS impossible to adulterate it. The ornly case he had met with was the addition of coarse sugar; and in ales he had found bitter orange peeL The instances of adulteration which had been mentioned tothe committee must have been exceptional cases. He was aware that cocculus indicos was largly imported, hut he could not conceive the motive for introducing it into beer. He had examined many hundreds of samples, but had never discovered any traca of occulus indicus, strychnine, or quassia. Se believed that all the beer sold at the retail establishments was quite as pure as that obtained from the brewers, and, indeed, r better with the stomach. He was aware that of late years, although the exportation and consumption of ale and porter had largely increased, the amount of hops andmalt usedwas less; but hethought this might be accounted for by the larger employment of sugar. Ags a cbthymi he was not aware of any fair or honest pumpose to which cocculus indiens could be properly applied, or that caLled for its inereasin" importation. Generally he thought that articles were se'd in such a pure state tbt no injury occurred to the public health. An extension of the same laws as were at present applicable to the adulteration of beer and flour might be beneficially applied to any other case; and, if it couald be arranged without any infringement of the hlberty of the subject, the appointment of a public prosecutor would, no doubt, be desirable; but geat caution would be necessay to avoid any false accusations. The committee then adjourned. The'committee met again yesterday in Boom No. 17, Mr. Scholefield in the chair. Hsr. Itindsay Bligh, analytical chymist at St. MaWs Iospital,Paddington, stated it was part of his duty to examine the drugs, but he hadnot detected-any adulteration in the drugs in their natural state, although many sent in were of very inferior quality. With regard to drugs requiring chymical preparation, n large proportion of them were so adulterated that the effect produced by their 'us woald be entirely different to that which was intuqded. This was before the parties supplying the drugs knew -tbat the articles were subject to an analysis. When -this fact became known some. of the parties who were in the habit of supplying the hospital with-. drew from the competition, and the drugs sent in wer supplied in a very pure state, and this had continued Xo the present time. He had examined many drugs Izd chymicals in I'aris, and invariably, found them free from adulteration. This he attributed to. the superior educatios of the French chymists and the system of examination there adopted. In this country he was quite satiSfiedthat the adulteration of drugs did not arise from accident, bhut was practised with a fraudulent intent, and he ewlieved any student of the Pharmaceutical Society would be quite 7CZ M -1-1\ *7- ,,-, +- -_ .t ftPt ;aduhges tions. On the whole, he was oi opinion that aduleraion. though not universally practised, was yet so general t4at it reouired the interference of the Legislature to devise wome means of preventting it. Mr. W. Bastick, analytical and consulting chymist, said, he also was of opinion that the adulteration of drugs was most extensively practised; some were fraudulent, - and others arose from imperfection in the manufacture, and the. adulterated articles were generally sold much cheaper. :The adulterations were practised both at home and abroa4-at home by wholesale drnggists, and abroad by the rmanufactirers The essential oils were constantly mixed with tug. pentine and other oils; musk, with sawdust and choppeA horses' tails, in order to produce some resemblance to the original substance; white precipitate, with corrosive abu. limate and chalk; red precipitate, with sometinmes as much as one-third of its bulk of red lead; tcreo-, sote, vith carbonic acid; honey, with flour and syrup I He also wished to draw the attention of the com. mittee to a system practised by the wholesale druggists of seling what were termed "compound powders," but which would be more properly designated "adulterating powders." As an example, he would reada recipe for what was called "Gentian powder," which was supplied So the ?.z retailer when an order was given for gcnlisn compositis, instead of pure gentian. Thebook from which he read was in the possessionof everywhole,ale druggist, andthevarious recipes were handed down from one generation to another. The gentian powder was made as follows,- -viz. :-" True gentian, llb.; linseed, 5lb.; flour, 21b; and bitter oes, a sufflicient quantity to produce the requisite bitterness." Thus there was only llb. of the genuine artile to 7b. of mixture, and any medical man -would find his prescriptions produce a very different effect to that which he intended, if this powrder were used instead of the gemnune root. Another recipe was forturmeric powder-vi.:-*- Trune tur merlc, llb.; ochre, llb.; and four, 21b." As regarded the class of retail chymists, bethought at present the majority of them would not be able to detect the adulteration nf tbe articles sold by them; at the same time, there was no doubt manvywere able to so, and sold adulterated articles knowing the fact He was quite prepared to endorse the stateioents of Dr. Hassall and Dr. Norandy, and ws of opinionthat legislative interference was necessary for the protection of the public, and he thought thtt the fear of being detected would soon put an end to the present system of adulteration. In answer to various questions by the committee, l6r. Bastick said, a book had been published oontaining varioms recipes, and among them some adulterating drugs, &ac. but lMr. Redwood, who was the editor of the last edition, had suppressed all such recipes as related to processes of adulteration. He read another recipe from the book before referred to for making good port wIne, -vhich was as fol- lows:- "Cyderr 45 gallons; brandy, 6 gallons: good port, 8 gallons; ripe sloes, 2 gallons, Etew them in 2 Mallons of water-press off the liquor, and add to the rest, if the colour is not strong enough, tincture cf red sanders. In a few days this wine maybe bottled; add to each bottle a teaspoonful of powdered catechu, and mix it well; it will very soon produce a fine crusty appearance. The bottles being packed on their sides as usual, soak the ends of the corks mUa strong decoction of Brazil wood with alum, which will, with the crust. give it the appearaince of age." Witness, in conclusion, said, he thought no man had any right to ash an article uder a false name, even at a lower pnice; if he did, it ws a fraud upon the public. Er. Baias, wholesale drnggist and druggrinder, &c., denied the statements that had been made by various witnesses as to its being the custom to mix sawdust, &c. in t9e prooces of grinding, to make up for the loss of weight. Be thought therewas verylittle adulterationpractised by wholesale draggists, and he knew of no such general practice. as that stated by the last witness, of selling gentian and oilier powders in place of the original article. lf such a thiizg as "gentian compositis" were ordered, it might possiby be procuredfrom the grinders, but no such compound was kept in stock, and no respectable house would sell a coitound. artide as an original. He could not tell what gentian powder would be used for, and was unable to say whether he hadeverbeen askedforit ornt. If hewere askedif adulterated drugs were sold by wholesale druggists, his ;anSwer would be, that it was not the custom of the trade certainly. The committee then adjoumed until Friday nest, at halfpastl2.
BROKERS' RENTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE, TLM3S Sir,-On the 3d inst. an advertisement e japeured in TI'ie firncs with 36 list of names of those who refuse to 1xy ttlio brokerse rent to the corporation of London, nimong theia mine. It was not my intention to notice that adverti.'crnent but upon consideration I think publicity should be given to the reason why I refase to pay it, which isj stiinp1y benni it is not enforced upon others who are actinlg in that c.Ia. city. The insertion of this in your paper wnill oblige., S&ir, Your obedient servant. W. D. S&TAtLU1.-. I Wtz IAWM Ek t X
IRELAND. timox Ou2E ewxVI cOPMrOKNDEA- DUBLIN, WEDsuSDAY MOiNMG. SADLEI FRAUDS. Some further idea-if that were wanting-of the textert of the frightful system of fraud so long and successfully practised by the late John Sadleir will be found developed in the subjoined report of the ,roceedings which took place yesterday in the Rolls' Court, in reference to the petition for winding up the disoa zed affairs of -the Tipperary Joint-Stock Bank_ The Master of the Rolls but too truly descmibed the case as a fraud of such gigantic proportdons as no living being had ever seen the fellor of:- "S RE THE TPPRY JOrN'-STOCK BMANEflG COMPKNY. "Air. Walsh, Q.C., said, hehadtomoveinthecaseofthe 7iffmary Joint-Stock Bank that the co-partnership be absoluteWy dissolved and the affairs wound up, in conformity with the Winding-up Act of 1849. He moved on the petition of Hr. Rafferty, who stated that on the 15th of October, 1855, he became, and still was, a duly registered shareholder in respect of 45 shares of 501. each, upon which 10. bad been pad un. The petition stated that the co-partnership was formedlin 1842, under a certain indenture of agreemaent dated onI the 6th of July, 184Z, which was made be- een several parties, who snedit-Messrs. Scully, Ryan, udJTames Birch Reunedy of the first part, and Hartwick Cook and John Sadleir of the second part, with the object of arrjing on the business of bankig. It also stated that several persons subscribed a large amount to the capital, including the directors and the petitioner; and that immediately after the excecution of the indenture they omenced to carry on the business of banking in tee town of Tipperary, and opened branch offices in Clonmel, Roscrea, Carrick-on-Suir, Carlow, Athy, and .Thor2astown; and that the business was carried on up tothe 20th of February, 1856, on which day the co-partnership stoppe4 payment, and finaly closed up all theiroffices an I places o busness, ceasing to carry on business, or to carry it on merely for the pumpose of winding up the affairs, *wich was not yet completed, the co-partneship being at such a time indebted to the very large amount of 150,001.; and the property andassets, although a considerable amount had been realized, were insufficient to discharge the liabilities of the company. By zeason of the stoppage there was, therefore, no peson at present in a position to receive the asscts, orto give any discharge for them. It further stated that the sole director having the management of the bank for 1856 was Mr. James Sadleir, &LR, of Tipperary, and that the list of officers and members of that establishment was, pursuant to the act, lodged in the Stamp-office of Dublin; and, pursuant to the act of Parliament, advertisements were not only put in the GaaUe, but also in the newspapers reouired. *'Mb itsgibbon, Q.C., said, he appeared on behalf of Mr. James Scully, who held 117 shares, unfortunately for Lhnself, in this joint-stock bank, of which 58 wvere held in trust. These 117 shares came to him as part of the assets of his father, the principal person who established this bank in 1842. He stated that upon the death of his father the banl: was in aprosperous condition, and that in consequence eE its stoppage, which he learnt for the first time on the 21s of Febrary, he went to Clonmel in order to get some information as to its affairs, and there discovered that Mr. James Sadleir, who had been from 1842 the sole managing dirertor of this establishment, had suf£red his brother, John Sadleir, to overdraw his account to the enormous sum of 200,OO0., and that the liabilities of the bank were somewhere about 400,0001. He made that discovery after havinghimself, upon hisll7shares,receivedinJanumry a dividend of 6 per cent. for the last year's trading, with a IbonLs of 3 per cent.; and having in the month of Februarv also seen the report of the concerns of this bank, pn3lushed by &r. James Sadleir, in which it was stated that, alfter paying the 6 per cent. dividend up to the 31st of Decomberlast and the 3per cent. bonus, a surplus remained of 2,3031. 12sM 4d., which would be carried to the reserved acocunt of 17,3756 12s. d., the spare money they had lying by. That report was published, he believed on the 1st of Feinmary, 1856. All Mr. Kennedy said about it was, that hle was no pazry or privy to the publication, but he did not attempt to deny that it was published, and by Mfr. James Sadieir. Nor did he deny that the petitioner was a poor man, and the bailiff of Mr. James Sadleir, although he stated that he was the registered holder of 45 shares. The petition did not inform his Lordship when he became the propinetor of them, or how or from whom he derived them, or whether he gave a farthing for them or not. Nothing of the kind was disclosed; but Mr. Kennedy stated that he believed Rafferty to be an honest man, and a bond fide shareholder. All in the world Mr. Scully sought was, that the carriage of the proceedings, if they wereto go on, should not be placed in the hands of Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Rafferty, Mr. Morrogh, Mr. James Sadleir, or anybody in connenon with the Sadleir family. Mr. Kennedy stated in his affidavit that he had himself done what was very useful-that he w-ent to all the branch banks and collected from them, with the assistance of Mr. James Sadleir, when the bank stopped payment, the cash balances in their hands, wvhich he said amounted to 5,4691. 9s. 7d., and was by himlodged in the Bank of L-eland in the name of Paton Bridge, whomhe statsd to be a very respectable man. "Mr. Martley, Q.C.-And in his own name. "Mr. Fitzgibbon.-Well, it was shown that Mr. Kennedy, -who now sought, asthe solicitorof the petitioner, to have the carriage of the proceedings, was at all events an accounting party himself- or he had taken affairs into his own hands, and wrho could tel but somebody else might make him discloss a larger balance than that which had come into his notes, which he hadinsafety. He was there dealingwitththe assets of thebank; hewas accountable for the securities he had, and ought not to be placed in the unenviable position of having his interests and duties opposed to each other. That was aM he would sayaboutit. Hefurther stated that begot the books of the establishment into his possession. Again he was accountable for these books, which Thotddbehanded over to some one, in order that fronthem the affiirs of the bank might be properly ascertained andinvestigated. He didnot intend, and had not been instructed to suggest a single word against the respectability of Mr. Kernedy, who stated that he was not a party to the publication of the report, but, on the contrary, admitted that it was a smindalous, false, fraudulent, and infamous report. That repert, deluding the unfortunate shareholders, deluding the denesitors, and deluding the whole body of the public who pliced their trust in the concern, was published on the very eve of the bank breaking down in the most singular way. "- The laster of theRolls.-Isit suggested what the assets are5 " Mr. 3iartley replied that they were 5,4001 in money, and about 30,0001. in available securities, and that the deficit was at least 400,000l. - " Mr. Fitzgibbon said, he was not prepared to say that the petition to wind up the affairs was not for the interest of all parties; and his client only sought under the 12th. and 14th sections of the 11th and 12th of Victoria, chap. 45, that the Court shoruld now make reference to .he Master, and some special direction to at once select a proper person who wvould undertake to give his personal attention to the affairs of this bank, in order that at might be managed in the best way for all the parties concerned; that a proper solicitor, wholly unconnected with the establishment or the Sadleir family, should be appointed. It was monstrous that the affairs of thebank wera now held inthe hands of thepersons who so abused the trusts reposed in them, and which they attached to themselves. They should be put into proper handsto be honestly, ecoromically, and wisely wound up, to have the best made of a very bad concern. " Mr. M3artley, Q.C., said, he also appeared on behalf of Mr. James Scully, an& for a class of creditors -who took the sune view as he had, that it was a very startling thing to lave the proceedings of the bank placed inthe hands of agentleman who unfortunately had been, if not the first, at least the second delinquent in causing all these tremendous losse-he meant Mr. James Sadleir. " The Master of the Rolls.-Who are your other clients ? " Mr. -Martley.-The guardians of the Thomastown 'Union, who had lodged in the bank to the extent of 10 ,600., and the Earl of Bessborough. Lord Bessborough haa been treated in this way :-On the 16th of February, when the banlk was in a hopeless state of insolvency, they received from his Lordship 3,000!., for which they gave him a shun order on London. He did not oppose themakina of the order in this case, for he thonght it would be for the interest of all parties that an absolute order should be inade. " The Master of the Rolls.-How is it that there is not a copy of the report of the bank in court ? " Mr. Martley here handed in a copy of the report from hiis brief. " Mr. Fitzgibbon then read the report, which stated that the directors were happy to have it in their power to report to the shareholders that the course of the bank continued satibfactory, and that the improving aspect of the affairs of the country induced them to feel confident that the business sof the bank would go on extending, but that the annual profits would thus be steadily increased, and that the directors biad the honour to lay before the meeting the usual detailed statement of the accounts of the bank, with the assets aid liabilities, for the information of the shareholders.' " The Master of the RolTs-Of course a printed copy was "Mr. Martley.-It would be seen that the practice of sending round a printed copy of the report dad not prevail in this bank, and that the list of shareholders was most extraordinary document, containing the nlames of small farniers, spinsters, and things of that kind (laughter), residin- in the midland counties of England. "Mr. Fitzgibbon.-We believe the meeting of share. holders consisted of Mr. James Sadleir and two or three clerkcs of the bank-that there were no shareholders there at all, and that the whole of the report was a mere fabricatson. "M r. Rogers, Q.C., said, he appeared for a number of creditors to whom the bank was indebted to the amount of 10,0301., andthey were certainly very anxious to obtain perminsion to intervene before the Master, and to make such suggestions as might appear to them right with reference to the appointment of an oHficial manager, on whom the chief duty of winding up the affairs of the estab- lishmnent would devolve. " Mr. Norman said, his clients, the Messrs. Power, who. were depositors in the Canrrick-on-Suir Bank, were only anxious th,at there should be no mismanagement of the "M Mr. Owens appeared for the guardians of the Roserea Uanion, who were creditors to the amount of 1,800! ; and for the guiardians of the Dumnore Union, whose claimamounted to 1,058!., as well as on behalf of several other creditors of the bank, and said he took the same view of the matter as Mr. Rogers. " Mr. Dwyer said, he attended on behalf of Air. M'lKay, one of the large shareLolders in this company, and also on the plart of a large body of depositorswihose claims amounted to about 15,000!., and they were unanimous in their repugrxance to have the carriage of the proceedings allowed to remain in the hands of the professional gentlemen from whom the petition emanated, and they were anxious that there should be some special provision to expedite the matter. "The Master of the Rtolls.-I dare say the Master wiU not deay in amatter of so much importance. " Mr. Waleh, in reply, read the affidavit of Mr. Eennedy, in which he stated that, unfortunately for himself, he was one of the shareholders in the bank, and of course became alarnmedon hearing on the 18th February of its state; that titioner was an industrious man, and he denied that he Eel been put forward as the nominee of Mr. James Sadleir, to have the control over the proceedings for windingup the affairs of the bank He also stated that the course he hadtaken was for the purpose of protecting, as far as possibIe, the depositors, shareholders, anlcontributories,without an interference on the part of James Sadleir; that he had cn lected the eash from the different branches to prevent its misapplication- and thatthe bills he had obtained, with the exception of those which had fallen due, and which he transmitted to the local managers for collection, were in safe custody for the benefit of the creditors. Counsel proceeded to say that it was never contemplatedthat there should be a struggle in that court as to who should have the carriage of the proceedings; for they should be exclusively under the management of the Master,. or such iperson as he should appoint, and all he could say was, tnat if the order was given to Mr. Kennedy, who was one of the sufferers, he would bring it into the Master's-office within a day or two. Mfr. Brewster, Q.C.-I aPpear for the Bank of Ireland, who are most anxcious that the case sh'ould go into the offlce without delay. If your Lordship wiU only make an order to have it investigated before the Master, that is al that they desire. " Mr. Smith said, the motives which had actuated Mr. Kennedy intaling the proceedings-which it was admitted on all hands were the most advisable-were altogether those of anmiety to realize as much as was possible for the benefit of the shareholders, and in doing so to protect his own interests, which were equally involved with those of Mr. Scully. A considerable majority of the shareholders resided iu England, but these could be reached by an order of the Court compelling them to pay calls, and r. Kemnedy had taken the best method of making this source of revenue avrailable by immediately presenting this petition. The Master of the Rolls said, it appears to be admitted on all hands that I should make an order for the winding up of the Tipperary Joint-Stock Bank, and the only question that I have to consider is, who is to have the carriage of these proceedings. NTow, without reflecting in the slightest degree on th character of Messrs. Morrogh and Kennedy, the solicitors whose names appear endorsed upon this petition, it is impossible for me to avoid stating a fact which cannot be denied-for it not only appears on the face of this motion, but it is one of which in the various proceedings in this court I have had, I may say, judicial notice-that thosegentlemenweretheconfidentialsolicitor o thelateJohn Sadleir, and are the confidential solicitors of James Sadleir; and I must further state, if I am to draw an inference from the facts in this case, there is not the slightest doubt that this is Mr. James Sadleirs petition. Now, under these eircurastances, without intending directly or indirectly to refleet upoa Messrs. Morrogh and Kennedy, whom I believeto be solicitors of respectability and character in the Court of Chaiicery, I ask whether, ifwe revert to the facts of this case, it is for one moment to be tolerated that Mr. James Sadleir is to have any influence directly or indirectly over the carriage of the proceedings? Why, I believe, in the recollection of no living personhas there been a case of such gigantic fraud upon the community at large; *and it appears from the statements before the court that the late John Sajdleir was permitted by his brother, the sole director and manager of the bank, to overdraw his account to the extent of 200,0001., without the kniowledge, consent, or privity of a single other contributory or creditor, so far as the Court has heard or knows. The liabilities of the bank are altogether, in round numbers, 400,0001.-it was ina state of themost hopeless insolvencv on the 1st of February lastand the assets are not pretended to be more in round numbers than 35,000. Yet a report was issued from the Ti perary Bank to every person in Ireland through the columns of the public press, the effect and result of which was, that on that very 1st of February, 1856, the Tipperary Joint-Stock Bank was in such a flourishing state, that it was not only enabled to divide 6 per cent. among the unfortunate, deluded, and defrauded contributors, but also togive to each proprietor a bonus of 3per cent. uponapaid-up capital of 100,4000h; and after the payment of suchi bonus and dividend, that a, surplus of 3,3031.12s. 4d. would still remain to be added to the existing reserve fond, which would amount to 17,375t. 12g. lOd. Was there ever, if that state of things be true, so gigantic a fraud committed by any man or body of men? The unfortunate contributors have been defeated and swindled out of their property by a proceeding of this kind, and it is most horrifying to think that any one's property may be brought into such a state of jeopardy if they happen to subscribe to a bank on the faith and supposition that its proceedings willbe carried on with common honesty and integrity. We have heard agreat deal of the failure of a hank in London lately, and we have had the circumstances of that failure detailed; but was there anything which occurred in that case to be compared for one single moment to the fraud here disclosed? And yet those bankers are now suffering from the consequences of their acts. Am I, under these circumstances, and after those proceedings - which have taken place-no matter what the character or respectability of Messrs. Morrogh and Kennedy may be, which I at once admit and beg leave to state distinctly, that nothing which I am aware of has occurred in any transaction directly or indirectly to affect the character of those gentlemen; but am I to allow the confidential solicitors of the late John Sadleir, and the present confidential solicitors of Mr. James Sadleir, to carry on proceedings in this case, and substantially to exercise the influence which the carriage of proceedings always gives in the appointment of an official manager who is enabled to raise funds for the purpose of paying creditors, and to exercise control as to vwho is -40L -a -.:a -.L ;0 a 7- -.a n a IS it possible for me to suppose that to have those proceedings carried on in the office, 5, Great Denmark-street, where 3r. James Sadleir, I dare say, resides, would be just or fair towards the legitimate creditors of and contributories to this bank? It is one of the most monstrous propositions I have ever heard. I think the conduct of this bank ought to make every person cautious how they deal with such undertakings; and the report which I will read, and which it must be recollected was published at a time when the bank was utterly insolvent-when Mr. Sadleir, with the knowledge and connivance of his brother, had overdrawnihis account by 200,0001.-and when the total debts and liabilities of the bank amounted to 400,0001. -must stamp with dishonour and disgrace all who either directly or indirectly were implicatec in its issue. The Master of the Rolls then read the following report:'At the 17th annual meeting of the bank the directors beg to lay before the shareholders the following reporL The directors are happy to have it in the Dower to report to the shareholders that the course of' the bank continues satisfactory, and the improved aspect of affairs in the country-induces them to feel confidence that the business of the bank will go on extending, and that the annual profits will be thus steadily increased.' The business of the bank will go on extending! That that portion of the report was true there can be no doubt, and that this increase would be effected by the delusion and fraud practised on the shareholders who were induced to become proprietors in this bank. 'The directors have the honour to lay before the shareholders the nsual detailed statement of the accounts of the bank, with the assets and liabilities, for the information of the shareholders.' Now, these accounts have not been produced; but can anyone doubt, after the fil' statement made in this case, that these accounts Inust have been framed for the purpose of justifying the payment of that dividend and bonus, and that every figure in them from beginning to end was fraudulent? Having read the portion alluding to the amount to be carried forward to the reserve fund, the Master of the Rolls went on to say,-Under these circumstances, can it be supposed for one single moment that I am to make an order in this case which would leave the confidential solicitors of the Iate Mr. Sadleir, and those of James Sadleir-admitting that they are gentlemen of character and respectability-in such a position -or they ought to wish to be placed in such a position-as they would occupy if I were to give them the carriage of these proceedings ? I have not the slightest hesitation in saying that, alter what has transpired, Mlessrs. Morrogh and Kennedy ought to have appEied ta withdraw this case. It is most desirable that the parties prosecuting it should be completely disconnected from the transaction and I cannot doubt that in the character of contributories theirposition will be properly represented aud defended in the proceedings carried on by some of those various solicitors actin~ on behalf of the several influential parties, among wvhom the Bank of Ireiand is included, and representing debts to an enormous amount. Then the only difficulty1have istoframe the order, and I do not think I ought to give the carriage of it to any particular solicitor. The creditors and contribatories are represented in this motion in such a way as to render it impossible for me to come to a satisfactory conclusion, but Ithinkit mybounden duty to order the Master to appoint a solicitor. And, accordingly, I have drawn up during the progress of this motion an addition to be made to the customary order, the effect of which will be that no person is to act as solicitor in this matter who is connected with Mr. James Sadleir or any person implicated in drawing up the report of the 1st of February, lS6ff. "Mr. Walsh, Q.C., said, after what the Court had thrown out it was, of course, Mr. Eennedy's wish to withdraw from the proceeding. "The Blister.-I Wis take down in my order that Messrs. Morrogh and Kennedy. decline to interfere any further. "Mr. Fitzgibbon.-Every one wi consent that Mr Kennedy should have the cariage of your lordship's order into the office, he undertakinig to lodge it as soon as he gets it, say within two days. " Mr. Adair stated that he appeared on behalf of MajorGeneral D)wyer, who was acontributorand shareholder; and it was the opinion of that gentleman that it would be much better not to appoint a solicitor hastily, but to let thematter be considered by the Master. "MEr. Fitzgbbon.-That need not be done. Messrs. Morrogl. and Kennedy can lodge the order in the Master'soffice within 24 hours after they get it, and issue the summonses; and let the order contain a direction to that effect. "The Master of the Rolls.-I think it is a great deal better as it stands. The withdrawal is a voluntary act on the part of Messrs. Morrogh and K;ennedy, and I thnkin so doing they have acted most creditably and properly. " Mr. Fitzgibbon.-There was not a word suggested against either of them by any one. Thne Master of the RoDs.-I do not apprehend that I have any jurisdiction to order that a joint-stock company shall stand dissolved from any past date.' I think it is better for me to act upon a precedent I have in an order made by Vice-Chancellor Knight Bruce, in the case of the St. George Steampacket Compan, page 371 of Mfr. Glover's work, in which order he directs the company to be dissolved from the date thereof. I hiave substantially followed the preedent set by that eminent judge, and shallVorder that this ompanybe dissolveilfrom this date, the said order tobe brought inito'the 1as't'er's-dffide within -10-days-; and- I have taken down that Messrs. Morrogh and Kennedy, desiring to withdraw from the carriage of the proceedings, are to be at liberty to do so. It is further ordered that the Master shall give thle carriage of this order to a rolicitor or solicitors of a creditor or creditors wvho shall be wholly unconnected with Mr. Sadfleir or th: report of the 1st of February, 1856. Instead of havinga struggle in the Master'soffice, I think the creditors ought to meet at the Bank of Ireland, or some other place in Dublin, without delay, and agree among themselvesupon the solicitor to be namea. Mr. Fitzgibbon, QC., vas ladhis Lordship had made this suggestion, which he believed would be attended with good effects. The Master of the Rolls observed that the present case afforded a practical illustration of the importance of the amendment to the Limited Liability Act, introduced in the Rouse of Lords, to make persons whose liability would otherwise be limited, liable to the full extent of every farthing of their propery in oases where they ,were parties to fa divdend or bonus which was not payable MIr. Smith.-UJnfortunately, those wiho were not parties to the preparation of the dividend in the present case are also liable under the Bankers' act.
THE WEST INDIA, MEXICAN, AND PACIFIC MAILS. [A summary of the following, received by Electric Tele^ graph, appeared in our Second Edition of yesterday > ] SOUTHAMPTON, MAIcH 5. By the Royal mail steamship Parana, Captain Baynton, with the West India, Mexican, and :Pacific mails, in charge of Lieutenant Dennehay, RN,we have dates from-k Vera Crz... Tampico ... Havannah Santa Martha Graytown ... Carthagena Chagres ... Jamaica ... Jacmel ... Porto Rico Demerara ... Tobwo ... ... Feb. .. Jan. ... Feb. ... ... ... 4 Trinidad ... 2 Barbadoes .. 9 Grenada ... 25 Carriacou 4 St. Vincent *11 St. Lucia ... S Mbtinique 11 Guadaloupe 12 Dominique 17 Anti.oas.. 9 St. Mutt's :... 9 St. Thomas?s ... Feb. 10 ... - 12 ... - 10 ... - 10 ... - 11 ... - 13 ... - 13 ... - 13 ... - 13 - 14 ,,. - 14 - 17 The Yarana brings 25 passengers, among whom are Captain Ord, 36th Regiment, and AmsistantSurgeon Somerville, 69th Regiment. from Jamaica, and on freight the following specie :-From Tampico, $98,064 24c.; Vera Cruz, $301,942 76c.; from the Pacific ports, $167,822 25c. in gold, and $188,386 in silver; from California, $260,571 value in gold and goliddust; from Carthagena, $73,104 in golddust; and Panama, $12,04-2 in gold and silver ;-total value, $1,101,932 25c., or, say, 220,0001. sterling. The cargo comprises 176 serons of cochineal, 64 serons of indigo, 24 serons of jalap, 100 cases of cigars, 48 bales of sarsaparilla, 419 bales of bark, 10 packages of vanilla, two live turtles, eight cases of tortoiseshell, 10 cases of succades, and 92 packages of sundries. During the voyage the Parana exchanged signals on the 25th ult., in lat. 40.28, long. 46.22, with the bark Evergreen, steering for the Channel; 29th, in lat. 46.36, long. 27.12, spoke a Belgian steamer, steering to the westward; March 2, in lat. 48.30, long. 16.7, exchanged signals with the Bremen brig Plata; and on the 4th inst., 60 miles west of the sizard, passed the Royal mail steamship Atrato, with the outward West India, MIexican,ancd Pacific mails. Several of our files of West India papers, including those from Jamaica and Demerara, have not come to hand. We are, however, informed that the islands generally were healthy. At Antigua the weather was unfavourable for agricultural operations. News from Barbadoes states that the high winds had injured several mills. A letter addressed to the Hon. Francis Hincks, the Governor, by the Board of Trade at Quebec, onthe subject of reciprocal trade with the West Indies, together with hisExcellency's reply, has been published. The object of the letter is to urge on the attention of the Governor the benefits that would accrue to the trade rid the river St. Lawrence and provincial canals from the reciprocal exchange, free of duty, of the productions of Canada and those of the West India Islands, by which measure the commercial intercourse between the British Canadian colonies would be assimiIated with that existing between the northern and southern States of the adjoining Union. In his answer Mir. Hincks promises that the subject shallreceive his best consideration, but declines expressing any opinion as to an arrangement until he has ascertained the views of the Canadian Government, as well as the state of public opinion in those islands with which he was about to be connected. Intelligence from Panama reports the isthmus to be unusually healthy. Business was improving, although everything continued to look dull. The opening of the Central American line of steamers was looked forward to with anxiety, as it would be the means of hsving a .m henvfriaI CffvI. upon the commercial affairs of the isthmus. Rice and corn were very scarce, and hardly procurable at any price. Elour, preserved meats, beef, and pork, &c., were furnished to the Panama market almost exclusively from Aspinwall; but prices varied so much that it is impossible to give quotations. The railroad was in good order, and trains passed over generally two or three times a-day. Although there was considerable disturbance in the interior of the State, Panama and the surrounding country were perfectly quiet. A great deal of agitation appeared to exist at Bogota respecting, the coming Presidential election, and it was by no means improbable that another revolutionary movement would take place. The iBritish mail steamer Valdivia arrived at Panama on the 5th jilt., with dates from Valparaiso to the 16th and Callao to the 26th of January. Business at Valparaiso was better, and large speculations were making in [the wheat of the coming harvest. Wheat was sold at from 3.75 to 4.00 the fanega to be delivered in March or April. Flour had fallen off in price. The grain crops promised abundance. The silver exports from Caldera for the last year were in market valued at $10 the mark:- $ c. In 1854 they were ... ... 352,548 00 Ditto in 1855. ... ... ... ... 365,247 50 1,699 50 The total exportation of metals from that port in 1854 was $5,952,144 82 - Themintin 1855 coined insilver from 5 to $ 100 cent pieces ... ... ... ... 1,546,196 In gold condors and half-condors ... 650,175 , _____________ The public expenses for the present year are fixed, at... ... ... ... ... ... 5,707,685 2' The Forte was advertised to sail on the 23d of January for France, touching at Rio. The French transport Infernal, 6 guns, arrived on the 1st of January, 51 days from Rio. She brought 36 passengers. She sailed from Brest with the Perseverante. The two arrived only a few days apart at Rio. The French brig Alcibiades, 20 guns, 43 days from Rio, had also arrived. She saluted, on anchoring, the English and French Admirals. Peruvian intelligence contains little beyond the Congressional debates respecting the constitution. *The Diario reports the arrival at Callao, in the French frigate Ama, of a Mr. Pelissier, who, it says, is brother to the French General of that name. The yellow fever is reported as raging at Huiamachuco, near Trujillo.
ST. JAME,SS PARK. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have ascertained to-day that subsequently to your reporter leaving the Conimittee on the Improvements in St. James's Park the project for its dismemberment was discussed, and it was resolved unanimously that the bridge and road across the park should not be recommended; but further, that no interference with the enclosure of the park should be permitted. This result we owe, Sir, to your disinterested exertions in the cause of the public, and, as one of that public, I sincerely and heartily thank you. The committee adjourned to Friday, when the scheme No. 2 is to be discussed. That scheme is, to continue Pall-mall through Cleveland-row, by widening that street and pulling down Lord Sydney's house, and then makin a road in the Green Park, turing at right angles to the front of the Palace. The cost of this " improvement" is estimated at 156,0001. ! Itrust this scheme will be negatived with the same unanimity, because such a road, though a convenience, is not to be compared with many other improvements in the metropolis - because the Consolidated Fund ought not to be burdened with such a debt at this time, and because all that is wanted is access from Belgravia to Pallmall, as you have often pointed out, and for which no expense whatever is.necessary. Your columns must be much crowded at this time but I trust you will find a corner for this expression of gratitude and for the hint for-further caution. . - Your oblized servant. A CITIMT. Marcfl D. I CXYST PALACE.-ONE SnmwoG DAY, Wednes- day, Maxch 5.-Admis ons on palnent, 1,077; ditto by season ticket ~269. ToW-l4dstors, 1,346.
A USTI&LJ. (FROM( OUR Oii2f COMMSPODENT.) sPFTNEOURNF, Nov. 24. Yesterday the Governor opened the last session of the present Council. As the same day was chosen to proclaim the new constitution, a good deal of interest was evinced in the ceremony. Moreover, there was some curiosity to see what sort of folk would come up as representatives for the new mining constituencies. I believe some people expected to find in the " diggers' " members some rude, unwashed fellows, with unshaven faces, clothed in "jumpers," with a revolvers in the broadbelts, and short black pipesintheir mouths, sO that when one or two plainly-dressed, sober-looking citizens came up to take the oathsR there was a little, disappointment. The house was so filled with ladies-the wives of members and others-that hon. members were obliged to creep into holes and corners, sit on the steps of the Speaker's platform, or get out of the way as best they could. The strangers' gallery and the reporters' gaLery were both full; indeed, I never saw greater evidence of intense interest on any previous occasion. There was also a greater crowd out of doors than usuaL The day of the proclamation of the new constitution had been proclaimed a holyday. The shops as well as the public offices were closed. The Supreme Court did not sit, so that to-day counts as the third dav of term instead of yesterday. After the delivery of the speech, there was a gentle but very general and unmistakeable expression of applause from hon. members, and when the Governor left the house he was well received outside by the crowd. On the first day of the session very little is done in these colonies. The speech is read by the Speaker, and ordered to be printed; then, instead of moving the address in answer to the speech as in England, a select committee is appointed, consisting of members from both sides of the louse, to prepare the draught of an address. This draught is reported a few days after (in this case OI Tuesday, as the House does not meet on Saturdays or Mondays), and then debate takes place, but seldom to the extent it does in England. Under the new constitution theEng7ish practice will probably be adopted, as more consistent with a responsible Ministry. There is one fact connected with the new members for the diggings which deserves notice, and which may very considerably affect the future of the colony. I may here remind your readers that t,he new act giving to the several mining districts power to return members adds eight elected members and four nominees to the House. Some of your readers will remember that one of the uncaught 1eaders of the Ballarat insurrection was one Peter La7or, an Irishman. At reward was offered of 4001. for his capture, and it was said that the Government knew of his whereabouts, but that they had captured more than the law officers of the Crown could successfully deal with, and after the first acquittal Joseph Lalor was left to his own devices. He was wounded in the attack on the stockade, and has, I hear, had his arm amputated at the socket. This is the new member for Ballarat, and his leadership in the insurrection and his lost arm-" lost (of course) in in defence of the liberties of the country"-now constitute his political capital. I am not aware what his qualifications for a member are; his friends and countrymen say he is a man of intelligence and of some power as a spea7ker. But speaking to a mob is not the best training for legislative debate. Everybody wanted to see this Peter Lalor, and many anxious inquiries were whispered about him. I doubt very much whether any constituency in the colony -would have deliberately recorded their solemn approval of insurrection, except Ballarat. But even there we must accept the Governor's testimony that content and satisfaction prevaiL It is not th7e intention of the Government to introduce any bill.s, except such as are absolutely necessary. Among these an. act for the registration of voters and an act for the prevention of bribery are, as it were, conditions precedent to the first worldng of the new constitution. The other Government bi'ls merely provide for the keeping alive of certain expiring laws. There is also a disposition among members not to prolong the session by the intracnotion of new measures, and the only bills likely to be brought in are one, or perhaps two, for the amendment of the administration of the law; one for the adaptation to this colony of the Common Law Procedure Acts of 1852 and 1854; and one for the introduction, with the necessary modifications, of the English Trustees Act. The Estimates will, it is said, be passed for six months only. This seems to me to be no more than a becoming abstinence on the part of the present Council-consisting as it does of 22 nominees, of whom 11 are official and 11 non-official members; and of 44 representative members, of whom 20 were elected when the population was under 80,000-about one-fourth of the present population; 16 more when the population was about 160,000 or 180,000, and the remaining 8 recently by the mining constituencies; the new elements not being represented. A large meeting has been held in Astley's Amphitheatre to take steps for the repeal of the grant of 50,01. for the several religious denominations. The Independents will accept no aid, many of thePresbyterians object to it, so do the Wesleyans. The members of the church of England are divided upon it, on grounds of expediency, not conscience; while the Roman Catholics desire its continuance. I do not know whether the question will be mooted this session, but it will be carried in the new Legislature. The gold brought down by escort this week is 45,800oz. The market is without change.
ST. TAMESS PARK. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TDrLES. Sir,-The decision respecting the entrance into St. James's Park being near at hand, I would ask permission again to address you on the subject, although I feel some hesitation after the indulgence which you have already shown me. So far as the plans yet submitted to the select committee are concerned, the question of expense is considerably in favour of the entrance at Carlton-gardens; the question of artistic propriety I discussed in the last letter which you did me the favou of iserting. I would now wish to point out that, of all the points for an entrance into the P.ark, this is the one which is especially required for the public convenience. More thanthree-fourths of the traffic fromthe western districts passes through Regent-street and the Haymarket to Charing-cross, a very small portion goes down Grosvenorplace, and still less down St. James's-street. From Charingcross a considerable traffio ensues towards Westminster, through the narrow channel of Parliament-street. The object of making an entrance through the Park, so far as the public is to be considered, should be to relieve this thoroughlfare. No openingnear St. James's-street would do this. It wouldbe out of the wayto turn from Bond-streetthrough St. James's-street into thePark on the road to Westminster, and entirely out of the question from Regent-street. Park-. lane could never be made available for any large amount of traffic, and thus Piccadilly is the only great thorougnfare which would have any chance of being relieved through St. James's-street. Our legislators will no doubt consider themselves in deciding on this question. Alarge majorityof themembers belong to clubs east of St. James's-street, and when hurrying to the House it would be highly inconvenient to have to go up Pall-mall to fmd an entrauce to the Park (which of course they wvould prefer to the crowded streets), and then to retrace their steps along the MEall If the entrance were at Carlton-gardens, inconvenience would not arise to members driving from a more westerly direction, as immediately they got to the entrance they would be in a direct line for Westsmister. On the occasion of an important and unexpected division in the House how convenient it would be for the Government to whip the absent members along a direct road through the Park, instead of leavina them to jostle their way through crowded streets, at the hazard of being wrecea in sight of shore," by being detained in Parliament-street in consequence of the obstruction of some disabled omnibus or capsized cab, or some unwieldy, dawdling waggon, until the time had passed for recording a favourable vote ! I will not ask you to encumber your columns with any details of a plan which has occurred to me for iorming a suitable entrance at Carlton-gardens, but I enclose a rough sketeh for your inspection, as also a plan of the principal western thoroughfares. Although I earnestly advocate the entrance at Carltongardens, T at the same time think it would be desirable also to have another entrance. The more entrances there are, the more the traffic will be dispersed both outside the Park and in it. There is a gateway between St. James's Palace and Marlborough House, almost in a line with St. James'sstreet, with a convenient road to the Mall attached, which only requires a small slice of the garden taken off to make a direct passage to Belgravia. I do hope, at all events, that it will be considered that the public convenience, as wiell as artistic propriety, loudly call for the immediate removal of " the fluke of York's Mound??. which you so justly characterize as " this unfortunate nuisance of our owvn creation."- I have the hoqour to be, Sir, Your very obedient servant. HENRY B,tRBER BEAIMON!. I (ilocester-terrace, Hyde ark, March 5.
NAYAL AND MILITABY INTELLIGE_CE. The steam transport Europa, Captain Leitch, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning from Kazatch, Constantinople, Malta, Gibraltar, Lisbon, Corunna, and Ferrol, with,the steam battery Glatton, 14, Captain Cumming, in tow all the way. She brought, as passengers, Mfr. -J. Huntley, mastver, late of Her Majesty's ship Resistance;. Mr. J.- Andrews, adst.ant clerk, late of Her Majesty's, ship Glattoni ieutenant Sir C. F. W. Cuffe, of the 66th Regiment; 25 men of the Glatton, from Constantinople, 12 invalids from the fleet, one sergeant of the Turkish Contingent, pne officer's servant of ditto, two men from Her Majesty'sshipSimoom, llpassengers from ditto, two invalids from Her Majesty's ship St.. George, at Lisbon, and stores, &c. - Her Majesty's ship Hawke, 60, screw (blockship) Captain. Ommanney, left Spitheadyesterday at nobn for PlyImduth with Marines. The General Screw Company's steamship Argo, Captn Hyde, transport ,No. 81, embarked at Southampton yesterday the horses and troops of Royal HorseA crylleypreviously enuxerate4di, nc Timnes. The Hydaspestransport, No. 87, vill, it is expected, receive on board Horse' tAtilery to-day. The Argo will sail for the Crimea some time this afternoon. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Candia, screw transport No. 213, sailedfor the Crimea yesterday morning. The Comet steam vessel towed the Ringdove despatch gunboat from Cowes to Portsmouth yesterday. The Bustard and Banterer steam gunboats were taken into dock yesterday for repairs, and the Forward and Beaver taken out. The troopshipResistance, Master-Commander Hall, was paid *ages at Portsmouth yesterday, and her crew grxnted leave. The Glatton, floating battery, is ordered into harbour. Her Majesty's gunboats Manly, Magnet, Mstiff, and Mistletoe, built by William Briggs and Sons, left Sunderland for London yesterday. The Pelter, 2, screw steam gunboat, lieutenant-Commander Wiliam F. Lee, left Sheerness yesterday morning for Portsmouth, to join the squadron at Spithead. The Amphion, 34 guns, screw steam frigate, Captain Henry Chads, left Sheerness yesterday morning to proceed on a trizl of her machinery. Captain Otter, of Her Majesty's steamship Firefly, received instractions yesterday morning to prepare hastily for sea, so as to be ready to leave Woolwich immediately for the Baltic. She will proceed to Portsmouth to-day to coal. The Dee, Master-commander Pullen, sailed from Woolwich yesterday morning with machinery, &c. for Portsmouth and Plymouth. The exterior walls of the new foundry and shell factory at Woolwich are fast rising towards completion, and, such is the, expedition with which the works are carried on by the contractors that, although it was only a few days since that the foundation stone was laid the building has assumed a very forward state. The window frames have been adjusted and fixed, the walls being about 14 feet high. The paper factory is likewise progressing rapidly towards completion, and it is expected will commence operations in the early part of ApriL The engines and machinery are being delivered, and are from the finm of 1essrs. Hick of Bolton. It is calculated that immense facilities 'will be obtained by that acquisition to the Royal Arsenal departpartments, which will supply not the paper alone, but likewise provide the pulp with which the cartridges are prepared. The transport Norman left Woolwich yesterday morning for the Crimea, with the troops and horses mentioned in The Times of Tuesday. About 140 men, and the same number of horses, of the :Royal Artillery, embarked on board the Sarah Sands at Liverpool yesterday for the Mediterranean. The Admiralty have oonveyed to the storekeeper of Deptford dockyard an expression of theirlordships satisfaction and approbation of the exertions of that officer and the two senior clerks of his department, and of the manner in which the responsible duties of providing and shipping stores during the pressure occasioned by the war was conducted. Mr. Evans Evans was yesterday appointed surgeon to the Cormorant, anda Mr. Richard Mumuford, second master to the Perseverance. The Commissariat-office and staff, which, since its separation fromn the Treasury, have had their offices in N-ew-street, Spring-gardens, have removed to the War Department, in Pall-mall. Orders have been received by the Commandant of Chatham garrison, directing him to hold in readiness a detachment of the 12th Regiment, from tho dep5b of that corps, under orders to embark for Australia, to join their headquarters. The detachment will consist of seven officers and 90 non-commissioned officers andprivates. The following officers, belonging to the dep6t of the 40th Regiment, have also received orders to embark with the detachment of the 12th Foot :-Lieutenant E. H. IL Tod, Lieutenant F. W. Osborne, and Ensign De Neufville Lucas. Large numbers of recruits are arriving at Chatham Barracks to join the dep6ts of the provisional battalion. On Tuesday evening a considerable number arrived from London, chiefly for the depots of the 20th, 43d, 64th, 84th, and 86th Regiments. Besides the above, a party of recruits joined the head-quarters of the Medical Staff Corps at the Casemate Barracks. Anorder has been receivedby Colonel Sandham, the director of the Royal Engineers' establishment at Brompton Barracks. directing that 320 non-commissioned officers and privates of the corps of Royal Sappers and Mliners, with 10 officers of the Royal Engineers, are to prepare for immediate embarcation. It is understood that they are to act in the Baltic. Captain Elgee's company of the Royal Artillcry, stationed in Ballincollig, got the route on Saturday to proceed from Cork harbour direct for the Crimea, to be attached to the 5th (Highland) Division, under command of Sir Colin Campbell, K.C.B. The company consists of Captain Elgee, Lieutenants Walker, Stephenson, Izod, and Assistant-Surgeon Clarke. It comprises 140 gunners and drivers, andis3 horses. They were lately served with new horse appointments. Horses, ammunition vwaggons; ambulances, forges, water-casks, Commissariat waggons, spare wheels, &c., will proceed with the company. They will be supplied with guns on arriving at the Crimea. The dep6t of the 16th PRegiment left Cork on Tuesday morning for Fermoy under command of Major Munro. Draughts are under orders to hold themselves in readiness for immediateembarcation for the seat at war, from the battalion at Fermoy-to consist of 3 captains, 18 subalterns, and 272 rank and file, from the lst, 30th, 33d, 49th, 50th, and 82d Regiments.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIAtES. Sir,-I perceive a letter in T1he Times of this morning, signed " Mortimer Adye," in which the wnter states that M. Layard, in alluding to the case of Captain Watson on Fxiday last, " sadly distorted the facts of the case, and thereby infdicted a grievous injury on Captain Watson's honour." Had Captain Adye suffered Mr. layard's statement to pass unnoticed, he would best have consulted his friend Captain Watson's intereast. Nothing could be more injurious to Captain Watson, or to the officers who composed the court-martial, than that public attention should be called to its proceedings, for then the real value of the evidence given by the native upon whose testimony Captain Watson was, according to Captain Adye, acquitted would be justly appreciated. So far from the finding of t'he court-martial meeting with the universal approbation of the press and inhabitants of Ceylon, it was received with a burst of indignation throughout the colony, and it is only necessary to refer to the Colonzbo Observer of that date to perceive what were the sentiments of the independent part of the community upon the subject. In that journal, too, will be found a report oj the proceedings of jthe court-martial, which, in anticipation of the court of inquiry about to sit upon the Crimean officers, would form most instructive reading. With our present experience of dispensation of patronage by the Horse Guards, the last proof which Captain Adye adduces of his friend's innocence-namely, that the Commander-in-Chief promoted Captain Watson to the rank of Major, appointed him to the Staff in Ceylon,and secured his son a nomination to the Royal Military Academy will scarcely carry conviction to the mind of the public. Youras olldientflv A CIGAIESE. March 4.
Tim SEA SERPxsN IN THE RIGHDLA2lS.-The village of Leurbost, parish of Lochs, Lewis, is at present the scene of an unusual occurrence. This is no less than the appearance in one of the inland fresh water lakes of an animal which from its great size and dimensions has not a little puzzled our island naturalists. Some suppose him to be a description of the hitherto mythological water-kelpie; while others refer it to the minute descriptions of the "sea serpent,"which are revived from time to time in newspaper columns. It has been repeatedly seen within the last fortnight by crowds of people, many of whom have come from the remotest parts of the parish to witness the uncommon spectacle. Theanimalis described by some as being in appearance and size like a "huge Peat stack-," while others affirm that a "six-oared boat" could pass between the huge fins, whichI are occasionally visible. All, however, agree, in describing its form as that of the eel; and we have'heard one, whose evidence we can rely upon, state that in length he supposed it tobe about40feet. It is probable thatitisno more,thana conger eel after all, animals of this description havng been caught in Highland lakes which have attained a huge size. He is currently reported to have swallowed a blanket inadvertently left on the bank of the lake by a girl h,erdmg cattle. A sportsman ensconced himself with a rifle n the vicini of the loch during a whole day. hoping to get a shot, but did no execution.-Inverness Courier.
TiRE ARMY IN THE CR=A. GENERAL ORDERS. Head-quarters, Sebastopol,'Feb.19. No. L Captain Cuppage, 8&th Regiment, will temporarily act as Brigade-MIajor to the brigade commanded by Briga. dier-General Warren, at Balaklava. No 2. Lieutenant-General Sir W. Eryre will form the regiments of the Third I)ivision remaining in his camp into two brigades, giving the temporary command of the 2d brigade to the serior officer present in the division, who will receive the pay aiad allowances of a Colonel on the Staff for the days he is. itilly in command. No. 3. A boalulof officers Wi assemble at the Quarter. master-General's-'office onl Wednesday, the 2Dth inst, at U x.m;, and will -proceed to -examine and report uwn the ,-vhious huts, hospital buildings, stables, &c., thronghout the dAnipe; lMembers.-LieutcnantColonel Hallewell, Assistant Srmaster-General ;J?a3or Montague, Royal Engineers; m#)nXtj',"New Royalf-S t3lery ;. Major Eager, 31st Rlegi ments will bc pleased! to afford every facility to the of ficersJ of the board. No. 4. The' following officers and others may Teceive theamountof theirclaims for compensationforlosses, on a plication to Deputy Cominissary-General Carpenter, Star Pay Officer Balakiava; Captain M'Barnett, 79thRegiment; Lieutenant Ferguson, 42d Regiment; Lieutenant Logan, 44th Regiment; non-commissioned officers and men of the 17th, 18th, 30th, and 47th Regiments. The claims of the mndermentioned officers ad others have been referred to the War Department *-Lieutenant-Colonel W. Smitb, 95th Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart, 21st Regiment - Captai Jennings, 19th Regiment; Captain Heyman, Royal Artillery; Lieutenant Siree, 33d Regiment; Lieutenant; S. B. Kekewich, 55th Regiment; non-commissioned offlicers and men of 2d Battalion 1st Royals; 95th, 21st. and 71st Regments Royal Artillery; and Ambulance Corps. LNo.5. In compliance with instractions contained in a letter dated Horse Guards, January 17, the undermentioned officers of the meiical department-viz., Dressers, Dis pemers, Purveyors Clerks and Medical Clerks, may wear v uniform as follows :-blue forage cap, black oak leaf band, without ornament; plain blue frock coat, single-breasted, with staffbuttons - blue trousers, without stripe or welt. No. 6. Acting Assistant-Surgeon Rimmer will proceed to Sinope, and do duty there with the Land Transport Corps. No. 7. Captain Hardy, Royal Artillery, being employed on a special duty, will draw pay as Deputy- nt Adju tant-General from the 15th of February. IN'o. 8. Ensign F. O'Neill, 44th Regiment, having actead as Adjutant of hls regiment, may draw the usual allowances accordingly, from the 1st to the 31st of January. No. 9. Quartermaster R. Thomsett, 44th Regiment, having acted as Paymaster of his regiment, may draw the msnal allowances accordingly from the 1st of December, 1855, to the 24th of January, 1856. No. 10. Sergeant-Major William Hart, 44th Regiment, having acted as Quartermaster of his regiment, may draw the usual allowances accordingly, from the 1st of December, 1855, to the 24th of January, 1856. No. L Captain Young, 4th Regiment, instractor of I musk-etry, Ist b-igade, Third Division, is transferred to the brigade stationed at Balaklava,from the 18th of Febreary. No. 12. The following officers are appointed to act as a Committee of Paymastership to the 1st Battalion, Land Transport Corps:-Captain Eippin, Captain Fitzgerald, Captainm Nicholls NYo. 13. Lieutenant Baker, 48th Regiment, will do duty [with the Iand Transport Corps until further orders N T.o. 14. Qaartermaster of Brigade Cheese, of the land Tranisport Corps, having acted as a Regimental Quartermasterfromthe 3dof Augast last, will dravr pay accordingly up to the date of his promotion to Captain, on the 4ti inst. No. 15. The appointment of Paymaster-Sergeant J. Street, 46th Regiment, to act as Paymaster in the Land Transport Corps, is cancelled. NTo. 16. LieutenatP. Traherne, 7th Regiment, being in command of a company, may draw field allowance and forage as a captain from:the 14th of February. N o. 17. Lieutenant Wolfe, Royal Artillery, being in command of a company, may draw field allowance and forage az a captain from the 24th of December. No. 18. Leave of absence isgrantedto Surgeon J. Dunlop, 8Sth Regiment, to the 7th of Md arch; on medical certificate, to Captain Norton, 23d Regiment, to the 5th of March, to proceed to the MKonastery. And at the recommendation of a medical board to Lieutenant G. Suttie, 3d Regiment, to proceedto England. On arrival he will reporthimself to the Adjutant-GeneraL No. 19. A medical board will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Captain IL Baillie, 44th Regiment. The principal medical officer will be pleased to give the neces. sarv direchions. o. 20. The following soldier is appointed clerk in the Assistant-Quartermaster-General's office, Third Division -- Sergeant Thomas Randall, 44th Regiment. 2s. a-day, from the 16th of January. By order , C DH. W YAIMS, Chief of the Staf. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 20. 2To. L The Field-Marshal Commanding in Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendai tion of medical boards, to Colonel J. Brownrigg, Grenadier Guards, Assistant Adajutant-General, to the 31st of March ; Quartermaster M`Gee, 1st Battalion, 1st Regiment, to the 30th of April; Paymaster Sewell, 6th Dragoon Guards, to the 23d of March; Paymaster Webster, 72d Regiment, to the 18th of March. On medical certificate to ieutenant. General Sir H. D. Jones, KC.B., Royal Engineer, to the 21st of pril; and on private affairs to Lieutenant-Colonel Munro, 39th Regiment, to the 30th of April By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 21L No. L The regimental promotions and appointmentg, piblishedby authority in the London Gaaatte of the Ist of xebruary, will take effect in this army from their respectivo dates. No. 2. The following officers have joined the staff of this army :-Medical Department-Acting Assistant-Surgeon. H. J. Mayhew, on the 17th of February. Dispenser of medicines-Augustus Baverstock. No. 3. With reference to General Order No. 13, of the 19th inst., Lieutenant Bak-er, 48th Regiment, vwll do duty as a Captain in the Land Transport Corps. No. 4. The following appointments to the Land Transport Corps are made until ter Majesty's pleasure is known:To be Quartermasters-CompanyS eants James Stratford, Royal Artillery; Thomas Copeland, RoyalArtillery; Christopher Fitzsimons, Royal Artillery; John Cooper. Royal Artillery; Wiiam Armstronz, Royal Artillery; William Laughton, Roval Artillery; .,ohn Cole, Roval Artillery; Fergus M'Kenzie, Royal Artillery. Sergeant-Conductors, James Findlay, Royal Artillery; John Taylor, Royal Artllery,; Ralph Astley, Royal Atillery; Joln Hepburne, Royal Artillery; Thomas Churcher, Royal Artillery; Archibald Glass, Roval Artillery. Sergeants, Christopher Eettyles, Royal ArEllery; Robert Craig, Royal Artillery. To be Adjutants - Company Sergeants Joseph Eraham Mitchell, Royal Artillery; SergeantsJamies Hesleth, Royal Artillery; Thomas Mitchell, Royal Artillery; James Kyle, No. 5. Assibtan Surgeon Sherlock,lst Dragoons, being in' medical charge of his Regiment, may draw field allowance and forage as surgeon from the 1st of January. No.6. Invalids from divisions as follows :-from General Hospital, 6; Castle Hospital, 10; Ro-yal Artillery, 22; First Division, 22; Second Division, 16; Third Division, 3- Fourth Division, 9;* LightDivison, 19; Highland Division, 18; total, 125 --willembarkin the Andes on Saturday, the 23d inst., for conveyance to England, under charge of Captain Browne, Paymaster of the 95th Regiment, towhom will he sent by regiments the necessary documents relating to these men. No. 7. Colour-Sergeant Harris, 34th Regiment, is appointed instructor of musketry iun st Brigade, Light Division, vice Colour-Sergeant Howfield, 34th Regiment, appointed to the Land Transport Corps, from the 14th of et)1r.ary. No. S. leave of absence is granted, at the recommendation2 of medical boards, to Captain R. Baillie, 44th Regiment; Staff Assistant-Surgeon C. Beaufoy-toproceedto England ; on arrival they will report themselves to the Adjutant. GeneraL On medical certificates-to Captain Wood, 82c1 Regiment, to the 25th of MIarch, to remain at the Caste HosDital; Lieutenant Vandeleur, 1st Battalion Rifle Brigade, to the 25th of March, to go to the Monastery. No. 9. A medical board will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Acting Assistant-Surgeon E. R. Blackett. Theprincipalmedical officer will be pleased to give the necessary directions. No. 10. Sergeant Robert MEorrison, Royal Artillery, is apointed veterinary storekeeper, with pay at Is. 6d. from By or er C. A. WVINDIA , Chif of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 22. No. 1. The following officers are appointed to act as a Commiteee of Paymastership to) the 2d Battalion of the Land Transport Corps :-Captain Hilliker, Captain Breedon, and Quartermaster Foley. No. 2. Civil Surgeon Wordsworth, having tendered the resignation of his appointment, is permitted to retura to England. _ lSo. 3. Leave of absence is granted to Surgeon Jephson, First Dragoon Guards, to proceed to England with invalids on board the Andes. On arrival, he will report himself tothe Adjutant-General. And, at the recommendation of medical boards, to Lieutenant W. Massey, of the I9th Regiment; acting Assistant-Surgeon Blackett, to proceed to England; on arrival they will report themselves to the Adjutant-General. In ex~tension, to Captain the Hon. A. Poulett, Grenadier Guards, to the 20th of March; to remain atl Malta. No. 4. Medical boards wll assemble to inquiro into tho state of health of Lieutenant G. H. Waller, of the 7th Regiment; and First-class Staff-Surgeon Foaker. The principal medical officer will be pleased to give the necessary directions. :By order, C. A. WINDRAM Chief of the Staff.
FASTzG 1N T1 AuSTRiAN AErmy.-YossS Gazedte publishes a remarkable document-a general order by the Commander-in-Chief of the Austrian army, giving directions for the observance of the fasts of tho church by the troops of the em,pire. This innovation is another reslt of the Concordat. The Conunarder-in-Chief says, the rales are promulgated at the instance of the Vicar Apostolic. The first regulation forbids the generals, superior officers and members of the general staff to eat meat on Fridays and the last three days of the Holy Week. The second extends the same prohibition to the men, from the sergeant-major downwards; the third bids officers and men observe the ordinances of the church as to their diet on saints' davs; the fourth enjoins attendance on the Easter confession. In the fifth it is intimated that the venerable bishop expects tho gratitude of the faithful for the indulgence he has shown in these Lenten regulations, and hopes it will be rewarded by their frequent attendance at divine service and confes. sion. Voss says that this order has produced the greatest sensation in the army, which has never before received orders respecting the observance of Lent in thlis fori. It is said to be the intention of the Austrian Government to in. troduce the use of certificate of confession into the army, and each officer will have to show that he has confessed at least once in six weeks.
SALES BY AUCTION. Csa. of a genuwine, old, foreign, irst-class qquality, well matured. s3SSRS. :ROBDNS will SELLa by AUCTION, at 1 t eirt, To-morrow. the 7th, atl2,genuine old FOREIGN 4JI(:AIS. of supDerior qualty. and in fs-aecondition, lotted to Sutti pris ate bu.^rs. On iiew on morning of sale, and a sample box of eacs eort opened for inspection snd tastingS. Catal0gue5 at the Martand[jat MKesacs. Ilobhna's ofilices, Covent-garden. ToLinendrapers. Silkmercer. Healers. &c. s R. WALTEIC BURTON will SELL by AUC- TIONJ, at his Itooms. Broadwzayr Ludgate-hilL on Thursdav, 3Barh 14, at 11 preciely@, the entire ST6ClK of a I.inendrapersik tnescer, heaier, &c.; comnprising flannels sheetings, Irish jinen, aipseas, coburgs. shawls. its calicoes, prints, memio and cotton hodjery, ziband, l&e haberdsiliery, ac, On view day prior, frm 10 lalI ., wbcn atalogues aybe Jad. No. 20, RuseIl-place. Yitzroy-square.-iiousehold Furniture. OrnA- mnental Items. China, Glass Pato and Plated Articles, kc ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE M . w SELL (part by direction of the Execators of the late CaptainKnox, and partremoved from the country), on the Premiss., 20, Rusell-place. Fitroy-square. THIS DAY, March 6th, at 1 precisely, the HOSEHOL rURN^ITUJRE and EF16M; com,pH<smg rosewood and zebrawood centre and card tables, marquetene occasional tables, davenport,cheffoniers, sofas, chairs, chimey-S es. BEnies carpets, a set of mahogany dining table, a aet of chairs covered iu morocco. sideboard, easy chairs, snites oz figured damak curtain, ca,. pets, carved oak bookcases, ebony and carved ssak ehairs, bracko8 and Frenchelocks. a fewpictures and prints, Orlental, Dreadels, aud otber cbina, and omamental itemsmaho6any 4.-post bedsteadsandhaangigs, mahocany aud birch French bcdstead^,, foather beds, mattresses, ancs bedding, wvardrobo. chests of rawVejs, choval glasses in maple frame and other bed chamber frrnti.;e a few lets of plate and platel goods, china dinner, tea, and 'oreakfast services dlass. usefu l kitchen requisites, and other effect5z Cataloguea to be had on the promnises, sand of Mfesrs Farebrothler. Clarlr, and Lye, 6, Lancaster-place. Strand. Extensive Sale of larze Navy Oak Timber, Elm, Asb, and Beech, also about 15 acres of excellent Bange Wood, &c., standing on the Pottercl's Estate, near to Potter's-bar, Herss, close to good roads, and within 31 miles of a railway station. MbJrESMS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE i -are instructed by the Executors of thelate Colonel Sibtliorp, NI.P. to SELL by AUCTION, at the Red Lion Hotel, Hatfield. on Tues lay next,' March 11, at 12 for I precisely, about 700 capital OAK TREES of large dimensions, well worthy the attention of Government contractors for naval purposes, about 300 fine elm. 200 ash of fust-rate quality, also several beech, walnut, and other timber trees, with their top, lop, and birk, togetlher with about 15 acres of excellent range wood (principally ash) of about 20 years' growth. The several lots may be viewed on application to John Bur, at the Lodge entrance to the estate, of whom catalogues may be had; catalogues also at the place of sale; Sibthorpe Arms, Welbam-green: the Inn, at Water-en;d Salisbury Arms, Bamect; the Peahen and Crab-tree, St. Alban's; wl6ite Hfart, Potter'sbar; of Messrs. Tatham and Proctor, solicitors, 10. New-sqluare, Lincain'fs-inn; at Garraway's; and at the offices of Mlesses. Parebrother, Clark. and l ye. Lancaster-place. Strsad. Long Leasehold detached and semi-detached ViUla Residences, in Dawvon-place, Chepstow-place, Pembridge-place, Ac., Bayswater, situate between Westbourne-grove and Notting-hill-gate, in the most delightful part of this favoured localitv. /IESSRS. FAREBROTHE, CLARK, and LYE IX L are instructed by the Executors of the late John Dowon, kEq., deceased, to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraways. on Wednesday next. the 12th of March. at 12 o'clock, several VILLA RESIDIN'CES,Ivir. Nos. 5, 6, 7, sad 8, Dawson-place, let on 7leases and agreements for leasev, producing togeUher an annual rental of u p wards of £300; a Villa, bo. 12, Pembridge-place, let on lease at £11per annum; * an exellent Residence, 48, Chepotow- place, let on lease at the yenrly rent of £80: the whole in the occupation of hist-class tenants. and form meal eligible and safe investments; also a semi-detached Villa Residence, No. 42, Pembridge Villa-road, with possession, of the annual value of £1. The above are held for long termsnof years, at low ground rents. May be viewed by permission of the tenants; and particulars had of blessrs. J. and NV. eymoit, so1citos. 80, Blackfriars-road; at Garraway's; and of Messrs. Farebrother, Clark, and Lye, 6. Lancster-place. Strand. Oxfordshire.-Freehold Manor-house, with Offices, Pleasure Grounds, Garden, and Paddock, and Farm-bnildings; also a Farm, with farmhouse and buildings, and 305 acres of productive Meadow, Pasture, and Arable lands, in the parish of Fritwell. irESSRS. FAREBROTHER,CLARK, and LYE M L. are instructed to offer for SALE by AUCTION, at the Red Lion, Danbuy, on Thursdaynext. Marchl3 atl for2o'clock, in four or nine lots, (ualess an acceptable offer is previuolx made by private contract, a most desirahfo FtI JLD ESTA`TE, situate in the dth es ggurirtwell, about a mile from the Somerton Station, from the railway station at Aynhoe, Oven miles from Braekley, nine from Bbury, andl2from Buckingham; consistingof the old manor-house, with coach-houseand stabling, pleasure grounds, garden, and paddocks of pasture land; also a most desirable farm, with excellent stone-built farm-house and well-armaged farming buildinogs, situate near the church; and severalenclosuresofrichmeadow, pasture and arabic land,in the occupation of Mr. Scott.and corn0j1nAg- about £5 uearlcvres oelt 55mane -iev,eil, and par iculasEdat the inns of the principal adjacent tovwns; of B. WV. Aplin. Esq., solicitor. Banbury;- of Messrs. Lee and Pemberton, 'A. Lincoln's-inn-fSelds;- at the pnlace of sale;. at Garraw ay's, and at the offices of eslers. Parebrother. Clark, and Lye, Lancaster-place, Strand. Three Days' Sale of Jewels, Bijouterie, Watches, Chronometes, Regu- lators, Clocks. Plate, Plated Articles, &c.-Early Notice. 1jESSRS. DEBENHA1, STORR, and SON wil MLL SELL, at their Rooms. King-street, Covent-garden. on Tuesday, blarch 11, and two following days, at 11, highly valuable EFFECfS, of which full particularswill shortly appanr. This Day.-A rare old Royal 6dvres China Dessert Service (65 pieces), Vienna and Dresden China, Jewels. Clocks, Watches, &c.-Onv iew. M ESSRS. DEBENHAM, STORR, and SON wil r SELIL, at their Rooms, King-street, Covent-garden, THEIS DAY (Thursday), the 6th inst., 27 rows of ORIENTAL PEARLS, a brilliant and pearl bracelet, a magnificent brilliant ring, a ruby and emerald peacock bracelet, china, plate, watches, and effects. Order of Sale, at Garraway's, This Day, Marsh 6. iIJITESSRS. DEBENHLAM, STORR, and SON will IL S ELL by AUJCTION, at Garraway's, THIS DAY, Mlarch 6, at 12 for I, (Let 3) a LEASEH OLD HiOUJSE and SHIOP, 17, St. Mary a- terrace. Camberwdll Blabg-road, held for ?7 years, at a ground rent, and let at£655per annum. Lot 2. The adjoiningPremises, No. lS. Lot 3. Similar Premnises, No. 2. And Let 4 A Copyhold Butcher's Shop, Dwelling-house. and Premises, at W aaltham-green, FIlham. On View.-Sale of Piee Goods, Apparl, ie. iIIrESSRS. DEBENHAM, STORK, and SON will IVLwSELI, at their Rooms. King-street, Covent-garden, To-morrow, Mtarch 7, sitl L ADIES' and GEN'TLEMlENs APfPABEL, suited for the present season, Irish hinens and poplins, Freitch cambrics and memios, broadeloths. eloeskins, velvets, atins, and sills,a few lots of table and bed linen, carpets, and. miscellanies. On view. Leaseholds.-Brudenell-place, New North-road, Hoxton.-Three Resi- dences. M iR. NEWBON will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart on Thursday, Marchl3, atl2 in two lots, THREE capital ESEHOL1D RESIDENCES, Nos. 9, 10, and U, Brudenell-plaro, New North-road, Eoxton, in the occupation of respectable tenants, at £32 and £-36each, held for about 20 yeas unexpied, at ground rents. The property is situate within 20 mnumtes' walk of the Bankr, omnibuses pass the door every five minutes, and are equally eligible for investmentWoro pation. Maybe viewed by permission of the tenant Partiulars had at the Mart; of Thomas o1tt, qone soSIitor, 43. 3Bowlane, Cheapside; and at the auCtioneers offices, 8, hSurch-row, Upperstreet, Ishington. To Small Ca itallats and others.-L;ong Leasehold F-state of Six Fl ouses, held at only <£3 each ground rent. MR. NEWBON wvill SELLJ by AUCTIONf, at the M 3art, on Thursday, March 13, at 12, m ono lot, SIX; substaWntial brick-built HiOUSES, Nos. 12 to 17, Cobden-street, St. L eonard's-road, Poplar New-town, each containing six rooms, and let to prompt-paying weakl^y tenants, at rents amounting to £13212s. per annum. The proPearty is situate within a short distance of the E3ast India-road, and ehe Docks, and is never empty, held for 941 years, at only £3 each house ground rent, and is an excellent opportunity for the safe investment of capital at a large remunerative intcrest. May be viewed. Particulars bad at the Mart; at the Cobden Arms, near the property; of Henry Mfercron, 33sq., solidtor, 33, Spital-square, Bishopsgatc-strget; and at the austioneer's offices. 8, Church-row, Upper-street, Islin gton. Islington, Upper-street, next the Church.-Long Leasehold Estate.- To Timber erchants, Builders, and others Requiring spacious Premises. MR. NEWBON will SELL by AUCTION, at the M I hart, on Thursday, March 13, at 12, in three lots, by orderof the Proprietor, relinquishing the timber trade,. a v-1-1,1t a1 ug LIcAS3BEHOD ESTATE;, consisting of a capital dwelling-house and premises, situate No. I, Rufford's-row, next the church, Upper-street, Islin,ten, with handsome plate-glass front shop, side entrance to a large timber yard, mahogany front shop and infant schnol -sm i- M- passage, lofty sheds and workshops, counting-house, double entrance, enclosed by iron gates; held for a long term of years unepgW,i9e selerate sround.xenLg'gl al& rfe5Jcaosli&ls rooms, or any other spaciousbuildiags. Also two Lieasehold Hlouses, Nos. 6 and 7,Rnfford'srow, Upper-street, 3ilinglon, near the above, held for unexpired terms of years, at moderate rents. Mfaybe viewed. Particulars, with plans, hadI at the hlart; of Gee. Jas. Eady, E3se., solicitor, 15, Hiatton-geardanand at the auctioneer's offices, 8, Church-row, UTpper-street, lslington opposite Theberton-street. By SOUTHGATE and BARRETT, THIS EVENING and folowing Evening. at 6, at their Rooms, 22, Fleet-street, ENGRAVINGS and Water-colour Drawings, the JJ property of a well-known coUector. The engravings comprise several choice engra.vers' proofs fromJ. M. W.Tuner's works,portraits by Houbraken and others, a few of the Italian school, and many valuable productions of modern artists. Amonli the drawings will be found specimens by iuntt Turner Pront Bentley Naalh CaUow vrans D. Cox. A few paintings and engravings, framed and glazed; portfolios with leaves, &c. laybe viewed, and catalogues had. Thurday's Sale includes the very nice modern Furniture and Piano of a lady of fashion. }" HENRY FOSTER will SELL by AUCTION AP*at his great Room, 410, Oxford-street, near Soho-square. THI DAY (Thursday, the 6th), at 12, excellent second-hand FURNITUllE; incuding a choice winged wardrobe, two mahogany French bedsteads (from P aris) withSommicirs' elastiques, mahogany bed room suites, capital choeal glass, drawi room, a suite in amber damask, a loo table, an excellent 6'-octave rosewood cottage piano, a pair of wialnut-tree cabinets, fancy tables and route; dining room. set of mahogany chairs and longue in morocco, pedestal sideboard, dining table, curtains, excellent carpeting, rugs, fenders, china, kitchen items, &o. all genuine, and for unreserved sale. Now on view. Cambridge, ClareCollege.-The late Mlaster's Collection of Paintingffs, Engravings, and aCellar of curious Old Wines. ANN and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at the 1I Mlaster's Lodge, Clare College, by order of the Executor of the late Dr. Webb, on Tuesday next, March 11, at U punctually, a COLLECTION of PAINTINGS, comprising specimens by Tenies, Coyp, Peters, Bone, Carlo B1aratti, Dobeon, Rudiger Herring. &c., and some fne scarce engravings, manyof themproo's, by Sir B. Strange, Willie, Foster Mussard, Bolswert, In Keux, Cousins, Woolett, Finden, Bartolozer -c., after Claude: Corregio, Guido. Gainsborough, Goltirus, Hobbima, Juvemet, Landseer, Lawrence, Poussin, Raphael, Rembrandt, Salvater Rem., Smit-h, Turner, Teniers, Vandyke, Velasquez, West. Wilson, Wilkic, Wouverrmans, a.nd others, and about 1E0 doren of choice old wines. comprising Ports botUed3814 11818 Bellamy's), 1823, 1847, White Portl1821.,TenerHfea h.almsey Maderra, Mluscat Cape, 1816, Frontignac Cape, 1818, some White Hermitage, Tokay, Burgundy, East India MIaderra, and various curious old wines. Cat alogues willibe forwsarded ons appliation tothauioce,Hb sou's-street, Cambridge,.h utoer,Bb OnVew and Sale To-morrow.-To Families Funishing. R. D. ALLAN will SELL by public AUCTION, ILL at 104, Ebury-street, Pimlico. (Bennett and Kelly's Rooms, removed for convenience of sale.) To-morrow 7th, at 12 for Iprecisely, superior modern HOUSEHOLD FU TU 'RE. comprising a drawing room mite covered in silk, a pianoforte i handsome case, china and glass, a few paintings and proof engravings, plated articles, and some ornamental items. The furniture consists of Arabian and other bedsteads, prime goose featherbeds, clean mattresres, blankets, quilts, &c., miahogany chests of drawers, marble-top wasbatands and dressing tables, chevatl and toilet glasses, an elegant drawing room suite in silk, chairs, couches, easy chairs, loo, card, and other tables, chefifonier with pints-glass back, velvet-pile cornet, &c.; the diming room comprises chairs in leather, onuches, easy chairs, dining table, sideboard, Brussels carpet, brilliant plate chimney-gDlasses, ball and staircase flooreloth, hat stand, hall chairs, and stair carpets, china, glass, and other effects. Catalogues mnay be hiad at Bennett and Co.'s auction rooma; and at the ,,n.arov Ah:,. /2DGb CGOa,u,,, - - - _ Hacapahire,-Valunble Freeh,old F-states, of upwards of 270 acres. with extensive Bights of Pastmage, gocd Residence, ALgrimlurtat Build. ins. Labourers' Cottages. Gardens. he. 1IIrR. FREDERICK EL.LEN will SELLF by AIJC- LVLt TION, at the Red Lion Hotel Fareham, on Wednesday, M\arch 26. at 2 in the forenoon, in three lots, the above unusually desirable FREEHOL.D ESTATE, situate inL the parish of Soberton, known as WAllps am t onssin f sunperior arable!,pasture, and water inca 00~ lnd, trivin woodands,good esdnetw ho sea. labourers' cottages, gardens, &c., also a piece of thriving woodland known as Maybush Coppice, well stocked with One timber. The land is of a superior description, in a high state of cultivation, and is situate in a picturesque locality, within a convenient distance of Fareham, Botley, Gosport, Portsmouth, and Southampton, in a district intersected with excellent roads. within easY reach of several railway sta- tions andfirst-rate markets. The outgoiags on the estate are unusunal low. Particulars, with plans and conditions. are now ready, and may le obtained of Messrs. I1 and P. Karslake, solicitors, 4, Regent-street, London; of Mr. W. Crook, jun., Lapford, North Devon; or the auc- tioneer, Andover, Hants. Choice Colletion of Shells. valuable Library of BoolckL superior Oil Paintings, old Violins, Guns, &o., of the late J. E. Fryer, E;q., P.S.A. 1R. JACKSON is instructed to SELL by AUC- ItJrTION, at Whitley-hall, near North Shields. Northumberland. on Monday, March 10, at 3 p.m., a splendid COLLECTION of SHELLS, comprismg 12,000 specimens, contained in a handsome mahogany cabinet of 132 drawers, arranged and classed; also sevvral valuable oil Paintings, vim, Storm at Sea (P. MNonamy) and Companion, Landscape, by Vanioo Jahn Baptste, Gipsies, by orIland Fisherman, by Mack- reth; Card Players, by Hemsnk; AFruit Pieces, by G. Grey; Mulic Party, by Breughel; Weasel and Birds, by Clark; and Gaming, by hrieris. The auctioneer begs to call the especial attention of connois- seurs and others to the above valuable collections of shells and Paint- toga; no eulogaum, however great, ca n convey the vlighies of teir rarity and value; they only requlire to be seen in order tobo fuflly appreiated. Superior d olin . Stadivaris mak er; and one ditto Steiner; vioaeloncelo-Colat maker; eight-eyed ebony Sate, silver mounted, in case; one ditto. Petter; single and double barreled guns, pistols, &c. Engravings by the following mnnastr: Painters. Engravers. Painters. Engravers, Vernet P. do oe Cle F. Bncher F. Pedro Lorndonio Fran- Dietricy F. Pedro cisco P. de Colle Albert Durer M aggiotto Franco Vic. Cavalli, (120) Albe rt Durer Sculp Venetus R izzi Volpato Marco Rici Volpo Marco h earne PT. Pouncy Nepos Zai9 F. Berardi, Zais Giusippe Zocechi, Sculp. Sculp. Zocchi Santi Faciai F. Berardi Zucarelli Gio. V olpatto J. D. Ia Bella Rembrandt 11637) Rembrandt H. Rotten- Brand F. Pedro bainer, Ft. tr. Jackson will subimlt to public Competition, in the Academy of Arts, Blackett-strect, Newcastle, on Tuesday and Wednesday, March 18 and 19. commencing at 12 noon each day promptly, the valuable library of Books, comprising upw ards of 2,600 volumes, hanasomely bound, several firt-das engravings by the old masters, sets of surveying instruments. &o. Commissions to purchase entrusted to the auctioneer will be faithfully executed. Catalogues of the whole may be hvdV i)on application at the Male offices, 51, Camnden-sftreet, North 0, .- MARSH'S Order of Sale, for THIS DAY, iT, Am Almat the Ms, Commencing at l2forlpreesely. 1. An Absolute P.,tetgionary Interest in the several sums of £1,el0,. £00 and £150 ' 0usol, onthe death of lives. aed 83,66, and 24 2.AUn r Au,tty of £52 per annum, receivable during the hfe of a gen. ..en lr4- , char ed on freehold property. 3-4 tk.0etObit Bond for£3b00, payable at the deease of John Angeootqin, Riq., of Blackheath. 4. The Reversionary Interest on Treehold Property at Moulton, near SpalLing. Liacoloshire, on the decease of a life, aged 57. 5. An Improved Rtent of £15 per amnum, amply secured on property in Shepherdess-wialk, City-road. 6. The Life lnterest of a gentleman, aged 27, on the dividends ariing from £S2,311 lls. 7dL Consos, and a policy of assurauce for .£700 on the same Life. 7. The Absolute Reversion to £402 7s. l0d. Consels on the decease of two lives, aged 75 and 67. 8. The Reversionary Interest in a Mloiety of £1,200, on the decease of a lady in her 61st yealr. 9. Twenty-four £2S Shares in the MIetropolitan Association for Improving the Dwellings of the Industrious Classes. In lots. 10. A Policy of Assurance for the Sum of £100. in the Pelican Assurance-oflico. on the life of a gentleman in his 70th year. 11 The Reversion to One-fifh and Three-fifths of a NIolety of };reehold Estates situate at honckton, near Ramsgate and Margate, Kent 12. Five Leasehold Dwelg-houses, in Lucas-road, Waiworib; and 13 Cottages, in Edmond-street, Southampton-street, Camberwel. 13. A Dweling-house, in the High-street, Honerton, with piece of ground, and workshop in the rear, suitable for a manufactory. 14. A Freehold D ellmg-house, No. 7. Wcstmoriand-plae; City-read. 1]. Freehold Cotta3e Residences No. 6 and 7, Leslie-park-rad, Croydon. 16. The valuable Letters Patent, granted to 31r. TraiL for Improvements in the hManufacture of Sails. Particulars may be obtained at Mr. Mnrsis offices, Charlottp-row, Mansion-house. Mistley and 3lanningtz-ee, inthe county of Essex.-Very valuible Free- hold Corn Warehouses, spacious Wharf, DweUling-houses and Shops, Private House, and Cottages.-For peremptory Sale, by direction of the Mortgagees. R. IARSH is instructed to SELL by AUCTION, IJJ. at the Mart, on Thursday. March 13. at 12, in several lots, the following important FREEHOLD ESTATES viz. :-At Mistley, a very substantially erected pLe of warehouses of five floors (capable of holding 6,000 quarters of grain and 1,500 tons of coals), having a frontage of about 60ifeet. and communications with the two upper sdoors writh the high road, and frem the lower ones to the quay; t3joining is anether stack of corn warehouses, brick and timber built, of four floors (capable of housing about 1.500 quarters), aLso a coal store and sail loft; a spacious quay, with wharf and docklc basing a frontage to the river Stour of about 130 feet bY a depth of 00 feet; on the quay is a anith's and blockmaker's shop; thevwarehouses are close to a station on the Harwich branch of the Eastern Union Railway, and a tramway commiunication with the railway might be easily formee In the town of Manuingtree are four newly-erected dwellinghouses (three with shops, opposite the Whe) ry Inn, in tha High-street, a private residence, with stabling in the rear, in the High-street i adjoinin- the Rose and Crown in the occupation of Mr. May; a brick-built cottage at the back, overlooking the quay; and several cottaes, stables, hc., in Cow-alley: the whole of the presumed annual value of £400. exclusive of the tonnage upon coal and other preduce unloaded at the quay. 3Iay be view ed, and particulars had at the Thorn Mistley . Wrhite Hanrt, Mfanninetree; Three Cups, Harwich- RWed Lioin, Colehsester: and in London, at MIess. Palmer. Palmer, and Bull's, 24,: Bedford-row; at Garraway's;and at the offices of &fr. MIarsh, 2, Charlotte-rowv. MIansion-house. Freehold Ground Rents M R. ZARSE has received instructions to SELL by M AUCTION. at the Mart, on Thursday, 3Iarch 13, at 12, in three lots, valuable FREEHOLD GROUND RENTS of £35. £t12, and£5 los aising out of and ampl secured on 13 houses in nilton-terrace, Old ordirond, Sov, Middfesex, forming a very safe ad eligible investment. ParticuL ars,aith conditions of sale, may he obteMdatYthe Mart;* thENCErqu 4Cornwais, Old Ford-road- of Mr. Clarksonp surveyor, 4S, Penton-street, PentonviDie* of MIontague Gossett, Eag.. solicitor, 4, uoleman-street, city; and at lr. Ma3rsh's offlces, 2, Charlotterow. hl4ansion-house. hMornington-nlauiae-iiyPvsrnimediate ponasssonLV j]J/R - MARSHIhas received instructions from the Ad- ministrator of the late M r. John How,es to SELL byoAr CTkou at the Mart, on Thursday, March 13, at 12. the very desirable FAMIL,Y RESIDENSCE, 43. orningon-dlaSO HampStead-road, opposite to H TIon-square, late in the occuPationi of hIrs. Howes and estimated to produce a rental of £60 per annum: held for an unexpired term of 52 yeMar, at the low groelnd rent of £ 4s. per annum. Possession may be had on completionof the prchasbe caymber iewed sad particulars, with conditions of sale, obtained on ths premuises the Sritannis, Camden-town; the hIart, of MIessrs. Bishop and Son, solicitors, 23, Niew Bridge-slyest, Black?eiars; and atSIr, MIarsh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, Mtansion-house. power Tootiug.-The Furniturc. Pictures, Plate, Prougham, Phaetena andsEfetroufd hn latecE s H. Eagland,^ fsq, of York-house. MESSRS. FOSTER and ONi SS,eLLrete by AUCat TION, in the AssemblyRoom. adti2inghoe litre Tavem, Lower Tooting (a sale not being pemsitted en thc premises), on Monday. the 10th of March. at 11 for 12 precisely, the modern FURNITURE of a drawing and dining room, library, and five bed chambers, a 6-octave sami-grandppianoforte by Broadwood, 400 or. of fashionable plate linen, 200 ves. of books, French clocks. large Indian gad Parisian china jars, 20 interesting pictures, a brougham. a Phaeton for ono or two hoMses, barnes and various effects. On view on the premises, Yorkhouse, on Thursday thc 6th of Narch. and at the place of sale on Saturday, the 8th of March. where catalogues may be had, and at hesrs. Foster's oftices,i, Pal malU, Upper Tulse-hill.-A detached Gothic Residence, placed is seven acres of pleasure gromnds and naizdocksut held for 73 years, at£100 per annum: eligible for occupaTon or for an inortanet building opnraione . d / tESSRS. FOSTEo u and SOf are directed bv the , l Executors of the late John Lake, Esq,h to SELL by AUCTION, at she Mart, on Tuesday. Marsh 11. at 12, in one lot, ThJeSE-Hxpsi HOUSE, formanyyears Pst the residencof the latse John Lake, Esq, delightfully situate in Upper TuLse-lill-road, and ith vecry extensive pleasure grounds. gardens, and paddocls. ledge entrandc, and allUthe appoinments and conveietcs required by a familyof station sadrespectability Suveyorsxandbuilderswillnappreciate the importance of this property for building. the whole neighbourhood consisting of houses of a superior class, andthere can be no doubt a large fortune may be made bylettingthis estate ontion building leases. Immnediate wossession may be had. Particulars and plans may be had at theMIart: f ehIssrs. a. and C. Robinson. solicitors, 7, Qieen-street-place, city; of Mr. Lofts,w-, Charles-stret, Grosvenor-square; and of s essrs. Foster, 4. Pall-mal. Bond-street.-Dress Aubusten, Savommerie, and Tapestry Chrpets, gor- tieres, Chair and Selfa Covers, and Aubusson Tapestries, b. M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON have received instruc- .tions to SELli bjr AUCTION, at the Roomts, 21r Old Bend-street, eThursday arch 3 and two folowing dae at 12 forJeach day, tccslEand AUBUSSON C PETS, a bout 100 in number, andvatryng in sizes, suitable for staterooms, saloons drawing roomts and boudoirs. The looms of Anbuac:on have been tong clelbrated; the harmonious arran ement of colours, and thc clever patterns, give an appearance of ricSmess and dress to these carpets wanting in those of other manufactures. The visitors to the E^xposition Us,tiverselle in Paris, 185S, w,ill recognize in this sale some of the exquisite panels of Aubpsson and Beauvoic tapestrY that decorated the walls of the RotSnde. where the Crown jewels were exhibited and contributed, and in ,iart led, to the awiard by the International jury of the Grand MedaIlie d'Eomneur to the town of Aubusson. To give a full opportunmity to examine these carpets the suite of rooms in Bondstreet has been engaged, and they cill be on rublic view on the 1Sth 11th, And l2thMorcb. Catalotues, with the dimensions of each carpet, are now ready, and may be obtained (gratis) of Messrs. Foster and Son, 54, Pall-mall. Uypper TulsehilL-ExceUent Household Furniture, Plate, 6i octave ahinet Pinoforte, plated Articles, twvo Alderey Cows, choinc greenhouse Plants, and miscellaneous effects. Th,IEsSRs. FOSTER and SON are direcebl 13Executors3of tholate JobnXeln dy AMw,- arch 17, at l1 PJ,t%plIFeS,aTf;Tc~leUct HOUESEHOLD FiJENITORE. scrvise of plate, consisting of a chased tea and coffee set, s ing's patternforks, spoons andLadles, antiquePattern waiters; plated ware, a few engravings, pitures, and oraments, abont 600 greenhouse plants incLuding many specimens or a choice description, twvo cows,o and various effects. M 1aybe viewed Saturday prior, andcatalogues had on the premises; and a. Merses, Fester's offices, 5a Pall-malL, - - Lanseown-terrace. Sh3kespere-road. Stokrfeington. -ESSRS. DEWU and KEYSELL will SELL M n.LV.Lt ofr o SL by pbi AUCTION, at theMatonTedyMrc1,wihu reserve, TWYO LEASEHOLD DWVELLING-HOU;SES, Nos. 3 and4, Tenedown-terrace, Sbakespere roadobheld for 9 years, at rc each house, let to highly respectable tenants at £ t6 Per annum, but estmnated of the value of w£50. Particulars may be had of M5essrs. Jacobs and Forster, , Crosby-square; and of the auctioneers, 35, Camomile-street, Bishopsgate w ithin. ItanJian Statuary and Ornamental Sculpture. Me R. JOHNSON has received instructions to SELL smasby AUCTIONt , at the CitY Auction Rooms, 39, Gracechurchstreet, To-mnorrow, March 7th, at 12, a consignment (ex Hare, from Floraece, just arnved) of beautiful ITAis IAN SCULtPTeURE in Gialo Elba, Verde di Prato, and other marbles, consisting of vases, .azzasw foutains, lions,boars, elephants,e. ; also a few statnettes ofVens di M.ledicit be, from themost reeercho designs of ancient and modern aIctalioanerts M5lay be vies ed theeday,previousand morning of sale, To LandWandBuilding Societies, Builders, Badothers-Votes for tho County of FKent-Eligible Freehold Buildino g land, land-tax redeemed, near to the entramce gates of the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich lMESSRS. CHSURCHd aud SoN are favoured with 1iveinstructions to offer for SyE by public AUCTION, at the Towfn-hall, William-street, Woolwich, on Tuesday, Mfarch 11, at 3for 4 o'clock in the afternoon, 7? Plots of valuable FREEHOLD BUILDIN12G LnD, land-tax redeemed, most eligibly sighate on the high road, Plmstead, weithin five minutes' walk of the lowperentrance gates of the Royal Arsenal, and immediately adjoining the level crossing of the North Knent Railway. This land offers advantages tolarge and small capitalists arel to be met with; it forms part of the Griff Farm and gardens, is in a hirh state of cltivation, and platplanted aith luxuriant fruit trees in profitable growith. Each lot wilihave a frontage on an excellent new road, which it is proposed to extend to Plumlteadcommon as a direct communication from Plums ead-road, and will entitle the purchaser to a vote for thcounty of Kent. Plans, wpith particulars and conditions of sale, may be had on application to lr. H Davi, siitor, ReCtaorp olace,Woeplich; at Garraway's; and of ther No. 2,Cuchtbonrneepark, Harrow-road, Bandatr, near the Royal Oak. -Superior Furmiure, Cottage Pianoforte, a Sevnice of Plate, China, Glasst &c.; also, by permission, the property of a gentleman, deceased, Phaeton, Horse, Harness, ac. 1/AESSRS. lVELSFORD and Co. have received od- L tive instructions to SELL by AUhCTION, To-morrow, 7th ist. at; 12, under circumstances which preclude the slghtest reservation being made, the newly FURNISHElDRESIDENCE; compristagmagnificent Arabian and four-post bedsteads, beds, amd bedding, marbletop washstands and dressing tables, twso splendid w;ardrobes, toilet and cheval glasses, be. The drawfing rooms ame fmurnshed in wvahnut,covered in plain and IJtreeht velvet, chairse, sofas, side tables, plate-class back cherioniers, and numerous ornamnental items, hbuh and tulip-wood cabinets, d ining, breakfast, and library furniture, in Spanish mahogany, chandeliers, handsome clocks, and ornamental items,; dinner, tea, and dessert servfices, china, and glass. The butler's p,antry, housekeeper's room, and kitchen ore all complete, and the wvhole of the propertyv is worthy the attention of parties furnishing. The phaeton, &c. can be seen at the residenc, and also on Thursdayand morning of sale, nitih the furniture Catalogues on the premises; and of the auetioneers, 35. New Church-street, Edgewaro-road, and 15, Queen's-rd., Bayswvater. Eiegant and well-made Household Furniture, in w/atut, rosewood, and mahogany, including brilliant-toned pianoforte, a costlyv walnut-treecdrawing room suite coven-A l, oeroisn damsask, velvet-pile pets, priaeu aa paintings, noble chimnmey and console glasses, few bronzes, wirought-iron repository, plated articles, china and cut-glass, and numerous ornamental effects, Ac., Portion by Order of the Sheriff; tegether with the effects of a residence, removed from Bedford-row. N[R L WISbes o 3nonc hevfllSELL by L L ARJTION, a the Roms, 69Queen-sreet,city,Tomrw IsIrc 7 a 1, thewhleofthe costly FURNITURE and valuable EFFE:CTS ; comprising for the dining rooms andlibrarynoble telescope dinig tbls eni."legan lat-l bec sieb oard, several sets of chairs. Brussels ca-pets, rugs, glazed bookcase, cheffoniers, chinainceb and tea services, library tables, &c.; for the principal bed rooms are handsome carved Arabian bedsteads and damask hanging, goose feather beds, noble winged and plain wardrobes, chests of superior drawers, wasistands, toilet and cheval glasses, curtains, china ornaments, * a. I costly walnut drawiag room suite of chairs, lounges and indulging chairs with extra chintz covers, several elegant and richly carved cheffoniers fitted with plate-glass, handsome oblong loo, card, and occasional tables, work tables, teapoy, a serral briiant plate chisney and pier glas, a powmerful-toned cottage piano, rich velvebtpile carpsam andotherdrawigroomtites te.; plate, linen, cha, glass, aed Mayd be viewed the day previous, and catalogues had of essrs. Simne tn, soliittors, Great James-street, Bedford-row: Mr. Scard, solitdor, aop- c hall-conrt; of Mr. Phinopoe, 13, Great BelU-aley; and of the auctioneer and valuer, 4, Coleman-stet, Qcty. Euffole-Valuable Freehold Far and Lands, in the parishes of Stutton, about si miles from Ipsxicb, and Kettieburgh, near Framallgham also Cottawes inth arhes of Great Weinham and East ltijr. JOH FOX has the honour to announce that Mr G he has received instructions to offer for SAlaE by public AoCTION, at tee Great White Horse HoteL, Ipawich, on Tuesday, March 18,at3in the afternoon precwsely,inlots,tho folowing very valuableand desirable P iROPs fre-eol 1 will comprise the Manor of Stuttonl and also the 6tutton-hall Farm, containing about 263 acres of excehlen6 Vrable and pasture land, lu the occupation of Mrr. George Stanfor. Lot2 wilcomprise the Qunech am, containing about 153 acres of excellent arabIc andpasture land inthe occupation of Mr. Joseph Caot. Lot 3 wil comprise a p ery excelUen Clos of MeadotW Land caled Bridge Meadow, contaimnin about 8 acres, in the occupation of Mr. George Stanford. These lots lie in a ring fence,and togther ferma most desirable estate, beautifully situate, partly bounded by te iver Soteir, and cokenandinW views ef MaT ingliree and Harfich, as eUl as the picturesque scenery of the Stur. It will, in he first instnce, be offered entire in one lo, and if not sold will immediately be pttup in three lots, as above described. The whole of the Eltnton Hall estate is freeholdL Lot 4 will comPrise the Kettleburgha Farm, about three miles from Franmlingham with a very good farmhouse, and ac ncessorY buildings, and containing about255 acres of very goodarableandpasture land, uyincinearing fence, in the occu- laion of Mr. George Greenard. About eight acres of this lotare copyhold of inlheritance. Lot S will oomprise an excellent Preehald Douoll Cottage,w ith a piece of pasture land, Sn the parish of Great WYenham, containigaltogether about one acre and a half, in the occup3tionof William Abbot and Robert Chevertomn Lot6 will comprise an excellent iDouble Cottage, with a piece of pasture land, situate in the parish of 3-- Beegholt, containingaltogetherabout two roods, in the occupatSon of widow Paskdll and William May. This lot is coplyhold of inherltance. Prticulars and conditions of sale, writh msaps may behad on appliction to Mfessi Barker2 Bowvker, and Peake, solicitors, 1, Gray's-innaqoare, London;e the prmcdpal hotela in Norwich, Framliagham, Busy BaSOe-row.-Superior modem Furnituire, manufactured by Messrs. Gillow and Co., and other first-rate bouses ISeTeral nioble Glasse Cottage Pianoforte, Cleclse, Lustre, and Ornaments, a Ma ruie Figure by Bailey, Pictures, a few dozens of Wine, excellent Table and Bed Linen, and other Effects. ESSRS. RIRUSHWORTH and JARVIS are _1 Edirs-ctedsto SEIL by AUCTION, at their great Room, On Tuesday, Mirch 1U, valuable modern FURNITURE and other FFETS, part removed from the mansion of a baronet: including sets of rosewoodand mahogany dinin, tables by Gillow and Co., capital bookcases tables of various descrnptions in walnut and rosewood, davenports, dilmaey and pier glasses of large dimensiong, glt consoles andglsse, ham ad ofs, olin scees,severa Turkey and ErusEels carpets, chamber furniture, fittings of domesticoffices, a patent mangle, china and glass, a ardrobe of Siuo table and bed linen, some Claret of the vinta6e of 1825, a few dozens of old Madeira. The effects will be on view one day previous to the sale, when catalogues may be haed of Messrs. Rushworth and Jarvis, Saville-row. Regentstreet, and 19, Change-alley, CornhilL. No. 26, Glocester-place, Portmanquare.-Fmrniturc, Chimney-glasses. a Cottage Pianoforte, Clocks, Lustres, and Ornaments, Services of Table China and Cut Glasses, and various Effects. M ESSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS -q1ll SELL 1 by AUCTION, on the Premises, onWednesda. March 12. in consequence of the expiration of the lease, aDRAWING ROOMf SUITE, of crimson damnask curtains,with chairs, couchesottomans, marqucterie and rosewooda cabinets, rosewood tables. chimrney-glasses, chandeliers, clocks, lustres, and ornaments in or-monlu and porcelain, Indian cabinets, a }-ociave cottage piansoforte, a set of telesoope dining tables, ideboard,chairs, and conch, a reclining chair, bookcase,Turkey,1Bengal. and Brussels carpets, Arabian, French, and four-post bedsteads and bedding, wvardrobes. washstsnde itl marble tops, and other chamber fuLrniture, kitchen requisites, table china and cut glass, and various Rushworth and Jarvis, Sarille-arow, IteugSenXt-stre,anogd s9Chango he-alls. CoruhtILi No. 15. Pembridge-place, Westbourne-grove.--Handsomno Frniture, nearly new, the principal portion baving been na nufactured within a short period by a fashionable upholsterer. rESSRS.RUSHWORThEanIJARVIS will SELL -l- L by AUCTION. on the Premises, on Thursday. Mavrch 13, the capital modern FURNITURE, the property of an officer quitting England i comprising an elegant drawing room suite of French damask curtains, rosewood chairs and couch covered to correspond, cabinets, tables, a teepoy andwhat-not in carved walantand rosewood. chimneyglasses, Brussels carpets, rugs, fenders, gas chandeliers. kc: in the diing room and library, a linely carved sideboard, dining tables on sliding frame, 12 chairs, two couches, and an indulgent chair, all covered with morocco leather, bookcase, damask curtains, &c; oak hall fittings, the customary appendages to the bed chambers, including four-spot, Arabian, andiron bedsteads and bedding, wardrobes, washstand with marble top, toilet tables and glasses, kitchen requisites, china, glass, and other effects, in excellent:condition. May be viewed one day previous to the sale, and catalogues had on the premises: aud of MNessrs Rushvworth and Jarvis, Saville-row, Regent-street, and 19, Change-aley, CorbilU. Cavendish-square.-lIandsomemodern Furniture, Glasses, Pianofort s, Clocks, Ornaments, and a variety of other Effects. M[E SSRS. RUSH WORTH and JARVIS wil T [SEI, by AUCTION, on the Premises, 41, Mortimer-street, within afew doors of Cavendish-ronuare, on Tuesday, MIarch 18. and following day, the modemn FURNITURE, comprising drawingroomn suites in rosewood. vwith curtains of crimson silk, tabaret. and urech damask, andhandsome gilt cornices, several chimney, pier, and console glasses, clegantParisianclocks, china, andotherorments, apair of rgevOrientalvases,a Venetian glasschandelier, andapair ofgirandoles to match; a large gaUery pictureby David, andothers of cabinet Eize,a7-octavesemi-cabinet pianoforte, and 6-octave ditto;diningroom appendages in mahogany of the usual description ; tapestry pattern Brussels carpets and rugs, fenders, fire-irons, &c.j mahogany French, and Arabian bedsteads, with capita:l bedding, win:ged wardrobes, marble-top wvashatande. cheval and toliet glasses, and other chamlberrequisites. mahogany ball fittings, f-day dial, nearly new; Brussels stair carpeting, door cloth, kitchen utensils, china services cut and engraved glass and -d-ylh )Bllfidfte prcn;ises and at the offices olf Nessd Rtushworth and Sarvis, Saville-row, Regent street, and 9, Change-alley o Corhil. The residence to be let, nlfumished, on leass. No. 18, Park-ane.-The valuable Leasehold Residen;ce and isbliug, held at a ground rent, and let. on lease to Sir Thomas Edvward Colebrooke, Bart., at the very low rent of £400 per antneu liESSRS. RUS - VCRTH and JARVIS are 1 L, directed by the Trustees under the will of John Robins, Esq. deceased, to SELL hy AUJCTION, at Garraway'3, on Friday, Mlart. 28, at12. the LEASERO)LD TCVN RESIDENCE, fashionably situate, No. 18, Park-lane, overlooking the pleasure grounds near Apeley-house. The residence was desrened by Sir John Seine, and built in the moat substantial manner, and has been judiciously improved by the present tenant, whose term exptres in 18S5, when a considerable increase in the rer tmay fairly be anticipated. The p roperty is held for 61 years from 1811, at a grond rent. Printed particularsmay be obtained of .Messrs. Blake, Tylce, and Tylce, solicitors, Essex-street, Strand; and of lMessrs. Rnshworth and Jarvis, Saville-row-, Rgent-street, and-19, Change. alley, CornhilL, Notice. MESSRS. MANSELL and ELLIOTT be- to an1 nounce they have SOLID the MANSION in Grosvenorcrescent (recently advertised for sale by them) by Private Contract.- Auction offices Belgrave-square, March 4,1856. Notice. iMWSSRS. IANSELL and ELLIOTT bee- to an- nounce they have SOLD the TOWN RESIDENCI', No. 38, ovwndes-street, (advertised for sale by them.) by Private Contract.- Auction offices, Belgrave-square, March 4, 116. Notice. l1rESSRS. MANSELL and ELLIOTT beg to an- nounce they have SOLD the RESIDENCE in Cadogan-place, (advertised for sale by them,) by Pzivate Contract.-Auction offices, Belgrave-square. Ma-rch 1856. Lowndes-street, Belgrave-square.-Long Leasehold Town Residence. built by the late Mr. Thomas Cnbitt, and held at a low ground rent, with possession. I" ESSRS. MANSELL and ELLIOTT are honoured 1 with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Auction M%ast, on Wednesday, Yray 21, (unless previously disposed of by private contract), the valuable long LEASE1iOLD TO; s eESIDBNCE, situate and being No. 8. Lowndes-street, Belgrave-square, in the parish of St. George. Hanover-square, and held for an unexpired term of 63 years, at the low rent of £30 per annum. The house is dost substantially built and vweU arranged, is approached by a handsome portico, and contains, on the ground floor, entranee-hail and vestibule, capital dining room, library, bath room, and water-closet; on the first loor, two elegant drawing rooms, vith handsome stone staircase to third floor ; oa ths upper doors ame four wrell proportioned best bed chpsnbers, tw o dressing rooms, water-cdoset, and four servants' bed rooms. The domestic offices comprise large housekeeper's room, wino ccUar, butler's pantry with pinto closet, kitehen, larder, coal and beer celars, and other convenient oflices. May be viewed by orders from the auetioneers, wiho are authorized to treat for the sale of it, and particulars mayb ha ofMesrs.Mansll nd llitt,auctioneers and surveyors, Beave-sqre e(ecoSrtner of Halkn-dplacue),and 12, Birchin lane, dity.. inesgate Castle. near Macgate, Broadistairs, and Rarrsgate,-Delight ful Freehold Marine Renidence, wiith its Pleasure Grounds, Mfeadow, and other Land, in al 10 acresd iESSRS. MIAXSELL and ELLIOTT are favoured 1T with instructions from the Executers of the late Proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the Auction Mart, on Wednesday. May21, (unless previously disposed of by private contract,) the FREEHOLaD MARLNE RESDENCE, mao.nas aninges,ate Castle, and about 10 acres of Land and Pleasure Grounds, most delightfully and commandincly situate on the coast between Ramsgateand .IMaate. The resldence, which commands extensive marme views, is a casteUated structure of pleasing des!gn, most substantially built, and we, containing entrme-ha rooms, vwaterloet room, two ante ,W.g, and complete domestc offices, with supplyof excellent water, detached wash-house, laundry, and dairy; in enclosed yard are siablng for nine horses, coach-house, and every necessary outbuilding: the whole in complete repair. The land consists of lawn, flower garden, meadow, and amble land, inah 10 acres. The property may be viewed by orders frem the auctioneers, who are authorized to treatefor the sale ofiteby private contract. Particulars may be had of Mlessrs. Mansedl asid Elliott, landvaluers and auctioneers, Belgravesquare, corner of Halkin-place, and 12, Birchin-lane, CornhilL. Painees-terrace. Priincesagate, Hlyde parLn-Snperior mnodern Furniture, nPpincedhemPineatwes St-enduypdheoltsterers. choice llarqueterie Tables, choice wvalnut CabinetandBookcase, Chinmey-glasses, fine toned ChamberOrgan by Avery,andvaluable Effects; powerfulChestanut Brougham Horse, handsome Brown Cob, nearly new double-seated Clarence, by Wyburn and MeDllor, and set of Harness. MESSRS. MANSELL and ELLIOTT (having sold ,ILthe residence) are favoured with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, onthe Premises, 16, Princes-terrace, Hyde-park, on Wednesday, March 19, at 12 for 1 precisely, the whole of the valuable modern FUllNITURE and EFFECTS; comprising carved mahogany and American birch four-post. French, and Arabian bedsteads and hangings, prime horsehair and wool mattresses and other beding, two elegant Spanish mahogany winged wardrobes., two single ditto, chests of drawers, marble-top and other washstands, tolet tables and glasses, and other chamber fittings; rosewood drawiing room suite covered in green and gold coloured silk damask, comprising sofas, t6te-;-t;ite lounges, easy chairs, psie dieu chairs, and set of six chairs. loo, ocCasional, and senitiag tables, handroim marqueterie loo table and escrntoire, -ingwoodcabinet mounted inor-moulu,costlywalnut-treevinged dwarf commode and bookcase with Sienna marble-top, rare pier table, fine plate chimney-glasses, a 12-light or-mouln chandelier, sate of rich greenand gold colour ilk damask curtains,fittings,and cornices forfour windows, two sets of cs-ison imitative t.pestry, portidres, large Axminster velvet pile, Tnrkey, and Brussels carpets and hearth-rug antique or-moulu and or-moulu-mounted bright steel fender, Spanish mahogany pedestal sideboard, massive;extending dining table opening 17 feet 6, dinner waggon, set of 18 capital Spanish mahogany dining room chairs in marone morocco, lounging chairs en suite, suites of crimson damasL window hangings, a fine-tcned chamber organ by Avery, with four sto ps square pianoforte by Broadwood, suporior Spanish mahogany pedestat hbrary table, with nest of drawers over, a 7-feet ditto pedestal writing table, cottage dining table, mahogany winged glazed bookcase, culinary articles, and a variety of valuable items. Also. to be sold at 1 o'clock precisely, a powerful chestnut brongham horse, 17 hands high, a handsomne and very clever brown cob mare, sin years old, a nearly new w ell-built elarence, with double seats and complete appointments by Wyburn and Mellon. set of single harnses. saddle, lady's saddio and bridle, &c. May ho view ed the day preceding and morning of eale; and catalogues had on the premisesand at the oifices of Mfessrs. Mansell and CElliott. auctioneers and valuers. Belgrave-squsre, (corner of Hillin-place,) andl2, Birchin-lane, Coruilh N?o. 31, Strand.-Household Furniture, useful Shop Fittings. Fixtures, &C. .R. HODGSON will SELL by AUCTION, on the 1 iNk Premises, 31. Strand, To-morrow. at 1 precisely,by order of the acsignees, theremaining FUREtNITUJRE:; comprising sideboard, centre. and other tables, rosewood chairs, ofa, mahogany sereen and the usual chamber and other appendages. The shop fixtures consist of useful counters, book shelving, gasfittingsstoves, &c.; a quantity of plaster models, prints, pictere frames, &o. To be viewed, and catalogues had oaths premises: and at the auctioneer's offices, corner of Fleet-street and Chancery-lane. Law and Miscelaneous Books, with the excelent Library Furniture of the late H. Emly, Esq.. Barrister-at-Law. lJIR. HODGSON will SELL by A'UCTION, at the 1knuew Rooms. corner of Fleet-street and Chancery-lane To-morrow at half-past 12 o'clock, the LAWand MISCELLANEOUS YIBRjKV with the excellent Library Fumiture. of the inte Henry Emly, Esq., of the Mliddle Temple-^ comprising Finden's Royal Gallery of British Art. Vernn Glley, n~ therliutraedwrks; EcyclopsedlaBritaunnica (7th editionz). 21vol; Del p bin Claessics, 140vols.. &e. Among the law books are the Jurist, 1841 to 1856; Bythewood'sConveyancing, with Swveets Ladex, 11 vote * and othernusefsil boolni f reference, and a series of the Miodern Reports in :La,r and Equity, in good preserration. bookcases, two library tablaes, hacnirs,Bsodfa,noffice desk, de. Tao bey viewed tho day prior to the sale, and catalogues had. Mfancold and Sivodes, atWatford, Heals. ,rsr HUrMBERtT Sdll SE:LL bvAUCTION, at 1I h Hanrvood's Farm, Watford, writhin amiie of the Railwav Statineada.the 1e2atnhovf March, adt r3. 291 toontsof very duoe MANGOL;D and SWEDE3, in excellent condition. Catalogues may be had free bypost, of Mfr. H mbert. laud agent, &e., WVatford. Second Day's Sale of the Remaining Stok of &r. Wsm- Hare, No. 1, Kin -tre t, Cha.sd e. 1^/ESSRS. MOORN and TAIPLE vill SELL by 1L AUCTION, as above, THIS DAY, at 1 precisely, to commence with several thousaud yards of 54, 64, and f lue INDIA MATTING best BrUssels and Ridderminster carpets, dne Persian and ether rugs, oriental china and ornaments, India japanned work, and the usual assortment of a dealer in Chinese curiosities. To be viewed, and catalogueshad on tnie premnses; and of Messrs. Moore and Temple, auctioneers, &c,4, Blomfield-street, city. Commercial Sale Rooms 44, Farringdon-street. city. one door from Holborn.-Under an ttachment,-W-nchfield v. Hill.-8,560 pieces superior Paperhangings,-To Builders, Painters, House Decorators, and others, M[ESSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL bv AUC- TION, at their Roonms, as above, THIS DAY, March u, at 12 for 1, about 8,160 pieces of superior modern PAPERHAN'GINGS, including costly flock and geld, satin gold, rich damasks, chintzes, hoed marble, graniteand other staircases,.decorations, do. On vieemern- ing of sale, Catalogues had at the roora~; and at the auctioneer's offices, 18, Hatton-garden, Onslow-square, Brompton.-FIegant Household Furniture and Effects MUR. EDWIN WHITE wfill SELL by AUCTION, without reserve, at the P.esidence, 27, Onslow-square, Bromptonroad,. on Wednesday, March 19, at 12 for 1 punctually, the whole of the handsome fashionable FURNITURE, comprising a drawing room suite in the most approved style, dining room, and chamber appointments of the best make, and otlmer items; amongwhich the following may be specially enumerated-a brilliant-tone pianoforte in rosewood case, gilt console table, and pier glass, Brussels and Turkey carpets, musical box, a few busts, groups, bronzes, scagliola columns, mahogany wardrobes, iron bedsteadEXg bedding, and kitchen reqgisites. MIay be viewed two days prior and morning of sale, when catalogues will oe obtainable on the premises; and at the nuctioneer's offices, 170, Bishop3gate-street without. Tenterden.-Genuine Household Furniture. Wiq .W . I. GLASIEER has received instructions ,LVk from the Administrator of the late Mrs.Croughton to SELL by AUCTION, oa the Plremises,Westwell, Tenterden, Rent, on Thursday, March the 13t, and following day, at 12 for 1 o'clock, the genuine HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE; comprising four-post, 1rench, and other bedsteads capital bedding, wardrobes, cheval glasses, and the usual chamber appendages, loo, card, dining, and other tables, squaro pianoforte by Broadwrood, dining, drawing room, and easy chairs, pier glasses, the Elizabethan furiture of hall, Brussels carpets, damask and other window curtainS china, -lass. afew arints and painting% and the usual kitchen requisites, four-wheel chaise, garden roller, c ay be niewed, and catalogues had at the Kentish Hotel Tan- bridg*e-wes; frcen's Head, Asfond; Rallwao Tavern, 'eadeoorn ' Wbit Liu, Tnteden n te prmiss: a oftheauctionoeer4 NZo. 67 Mount-streek Corner of Park-street,-ElandsomeFur,tue and Effert oa, ady y,ing abroad. the house being dhi of. Ml,R uuwnoIASLL TJCTUCION oil sio. [Ld.YInext, Maishl0,theFURlUREsadEFFE~oomprisiug ogusmlmanyand japamned chamber articles, anda suite in roneood inludng Frech edsead anarmoire aud a secretaire, Henssofmrein mooem wuxinocrtarens0 Inveprifress,eme o ysewoo abrio chis ocELGanD ugs w c, SEin p Went esda ayk mnetel glase, clocks, thmandlegand chandeier nsm pier ofalady lavnd town,oe tebouhicbeinets,old faincylchisang trables, fendefor-pst anbe-iros, comlrtwarrtbs, cnngvablegas, miebardseto tandbliseia,gs, ,,drwn roc. suay be St. Bakes'-street;Eliand Hofus.elg, wit, supacouestDreet.Roms. Hansoe mode rns Fuencetof 30.n GonverEss-t errce. aywd te M%Rl.E~LGOOD i wisELLcedon WEdned, net, the onL12h thiay eleantch1t1T14,(rto let or elad lhesameimgmewn tue house eing sold includin hrain vnd ng-pstad rontpletef.2 tables, end 61 semi-cabintpanofrtci hwalu hood giltn scareen and fre ions. arlor cute ins, -et caorvedapdestac ideoard witha groobmk se rmse r at of tabe .Bn,b f.en, 2car n lounging Esite, inmrcotdne waggroundlirarytabe boocalse ondy couch picues, hall chars pressa hnaga& May be Miewed one daysprior en5aaoushdofM.,lod Wiemposestreet. thaatneddsc foonfode,Fq. ecae ELGOOD s instrcted toSELL, at the ar,o a, Frday Mach 4, or ESTT o El thosmerismgteousy stuae o th eat ideof ake-steet ha2n aoe fr&ontareeoft2 fee by andpt lofld3, intodn tbe. h o' a asoesar bemhaiga encnale. h premises aredpartbofntheinortea oWEstat,andheld for 24 years, et a groun ren of £9is y a be vieed, ad pritedm,eitiuar hadt rethe aloaohefr;o end o Mr.Rlgoo, 25 ; andof- lae. gbl rouIngesument retalof23 per annum , for 26 years . t ay]~~ I ooelGOans gnw, .B.leeselt SELL, at the Mfart, on Fia Fridy, arch 14, ay oraluablte LEASEHOL STATE co-uringih spcioutrsdeo and fshioables6town restidence. plar.3th soerondrok-sree ferom toe aNdw-lookd, intor Govnor-square,; with a ocheenrfuance backpremisoestarandstablin inthe ad.oiningestreefotlahedfofrheM5m fWetmnserfo 26 yuiears. atdle fgoun rent4 of £120,eand let to ad bni Rel hadiclI at the Miart; of IIt.Syellr. Rsaeqad, soliitor 14. Emx-strcFleet-street M; adfM.Elgood,9, W5.mpirepole-tret EligibeparnvTerthentdsom er annumlforb3e yeiears: St. Jonlaryleone. 1% P. ELGOOD illntrcedt SELL, at the Mart,onria onarch14.ay, order of. thlesg)rcevious se.old by private! controst ofhe capital boNLrorte snout 105Cpe annum,edeorivmoed romtnoeecelani fEafrt residencn tables.t2, Naottngam-lyandcenthellysecndhuste, frome thealdreU bew-oad eeok-gthe,pr aegnts-uark; waith a cheeru east arectisoneetaorcse,&te.uua doeldeofte~eP~ 5yas adtareeostallstableguineld,and-etfr 7 4 paet£2 e anum Prite patclar at thewe Martn fMsr.Bak n sle 14ate-tet,ltu;ado Mr. Elgood,'s8,ffimpole-aWI-pet rnyldepad;kl-T atthandsom and elgbe eieneo Jh ulacn soF aq..or, unrdge-cae,1,Hdepr-tet 7YpIELSG OOKOOi ntutD t SELL,trcte the Mart, The cmapitl bow-frots ntd otersI.CEStarrngangd fD amoerUg i ate-sie fam ,Stilyyebne of the vis epcaiiy ashi onal and er ntiaLystae clseto ad ircLyObeWee,OhDpr anedisure;chavin the MrA tio sa. nstoi tere- aroe, ebigh bedii rofoms endsi dessin roo. SELL goodU recep tonrms the usual domesticay offhce0, atIPn sctuallycoah-houeliil Landehre-tll Ivstabe.ts Hedaida-val e Bn aishoprofmwndonts esat,e. for nenr bone, prowgoducnd vent or an2u. teana au 1%rSSRs. LOCKWOOD are instructed tosby ith LIfoSAEbAUTION, at thelMart, on Thursday, March 20.atIpnulythfoow .oLR76And8,HaLDe-tet PaddiT:-Nto.3 heldaforalong Padnterm, a moderabte groundrents, and rallolt t35resecable atenant0s. Maybd ent viend by o leave tof toehe tenant ten daysbft the mio, aend awrticuars headst th er artum; Messro B.ickel soliitor, Colinaught-toeirs,~ra and at trsaungoee officeshos. anBrwoodenemene, held4fr,ut4 yperBaake-tret., mews, SThepMoprymebene.voteweva_luaeotetoe£0penanu~.a 1Iessrs. iuasotmd LOCW aOs aefre dtecsl,tthed byr Mr.f ird anie Hone, wholisio retrilngdfrombuiess, toea SLLtbhAeCrtre.t: the MesCart,on Thursdayne, Maro20.tos 1Putaly.vhamerse,lStb. Jae?-tet-and at the offices of the auctioneers, 1, Burwood-placeon 4 per Halderparke.aa 4Upe aestet Leseold9 Invedstents Me-aids-val Lendhe Salisbury-es, Set.hersele- SSchakrs. bone, proeaducn £105 er-o annum. trrs ok LOCKWeOs,aaedistructetebyrth Eectrs fM. GeOrgeTuceN deeaed SELSEL by Aublc- TION, aTIthe art,onth Thrsday.eMas20 atoe 1n punctuaily.hel foaow 12nor1peciOlDy PROPteRT o 210,svea Mayspeidrs-vale PdingTRoDE oflemt£6 prs.annus m;th,alsoSon.' lauth15 Slsure-mews,; comprising 2 aozra ngemof workshop- andetwo teements, hed forasboutg m0ryears, n5c perFrnh n anuTEngpropertyamay be0 viewednb fleaefthe tenkants anDo pnrinted partcua rsobtgaine, 150 daysebeforeuted salve,at the MRt:of Mesrs.Hid ad Sn,solciorsPotlnd-haBoreaux Gratd Laitchbootd o9, B3ermondsey Few-road.-ToCme Leather Dressers, Leathereles binders,randUaholsterers lR.SAINL. JOHNSON will SELL by puiblic YAUCTION upon the Premisesa asaboTe. on Tudesday.,ac IW.ate 12, for2 thesey Tallatheetese aH'R,ndxveryesipeandrUteOC s in TRADE of Messrs.James, Smith, and Son, leather drssrs comprising 120e duerorenenmele el,rnhcl kid pwrand itronesbeulrgemrocopp 5 dozetanFrenc andw ergsh lemat1-nse t, 270rdoenfurniture.dbookland hoot, mooesand Perurvasianot2 goat,d5 daozen cooured tkvees. 450 Russhinma hids, 07 oze smacsliers 0doeghn Bodeaux end Paieshboot fronts,tree sidE end hntingadderw s adgeamses, 13 resin packin papr,ndothrlfecs Maynitbe viewd thefdaysbeforReandtorin Aideregate-aHusebldreentte T,Brnnds e-OAd-Toha CureciversiLethrresrutos, uturL Apli_ from M Brtll eYoers,ean ofthers. uor,ad ELb ON uonthPreisess abve,on Wedesday, MEarchI. Ihmontbly Sale of Pictures, anid c weainghing modmachines, 15tiehers' 'U carriers'f Imvshsick ers' and oterd toos bhea andchbeamrs s-s tw irnsaehixgs stoves, aL ll thendwarehous andS counti-house fix-ones, artiery sPeircvredsl,d cart (nearly npew,mets of theundermand sale an Caaonshdofln H-. Stonye sq soiitr 8 ellgtn sret.floo-b Day Lpnuheprmiesondoth aucioe-er,s43 Clesaune-lteEt dr.rt Wllas Houseold FrnituecadtfecssfrRet R.ROBERS wEID SELSLLb UTO, at his Ron , Grat~ Marlboiugestrer-qet.o ody, ac 0 THt EVNIN fTorednp) Machsly BOOKS,RNIUR Prns Paintings carvsewDad othrain frames swtearing aprel, dands mocelcard,ousipoperty,n househotalds furiniture witer distr-gasnt for- rent.mn eyr and cataloguses. hadesat thdeboroos setS f iung abes Modernes Husehold Funtube re.geln Tre ILLSmove fom Mortake y oderof hNxeuos andl SELL by AUCTION, a his Galeiry Ro.omit-3u53, Oxond-tuesday mearcth11Pa. atho.T-orwat1fo 12, hleatmoenHuSEHOalDy h FU ceNITUE picodeo pinforNTUe.rgncb luingh wand obot tre,rrawod cott fihgurs(eny theis choic,corkhs, from teas clecion o thbe o evtehry Ctidngh amel,smal cGIoectianefpaintigsyrden myWoderin atrtists pleair ofple inch china lars ivry orkboxInad witthga silver,eodcinao, and complente effects of th manion n vieMondyandoniiglassae. and cariougs dine had at the rooms.o bdseas.am hng fonthl Srgiale oaictures, an Dmvre fawoiagt yodern ariss the sa" naILLiof ofoc which will bter guaaneedtao thetper .sers l Sl,R.RS. PROISALLs anextRDSArewillStakcea Esq. dcaed ato hSERoms 21, ACTOld Bond-th reet,THIS DAY, Taithe 6t Mqarc.TI A Turdy,Mrh6h. at 12pecielyraI ol icludoscimk,b thendreenironed aretists:-UNIUE n FFCS,cm PingAndrteOfws m chrtern wthGodt croecmpletefrfu wirowufaleld Coey-lkBes,ant o tcatheriy Strlayshnerir EL OlOOO drwin Collsins, R it.& o. Jones o 41ona, std anyel tble. ong dinrRday ssr Lupitein I VI ,~ycick%raers rnhM vssaaybeaviewedgtoudaspro,andsh catsvealoguluep ad. in Modrn uritue, 00vol. o Boks 32liht hadeiegr,o andithera Effects. ~ ~ w o lIAR. RBERT RE) will ELL, athis Roms, ILL Geat Mrlboregh-sreet,on Moday,Mac10at2foipe cisey, mdernFURNTURE comrisig a Ofeoddnigro In Bankruptcy; Northmptoashire-.-mportant Freehold tae 3beundinginirontons, onwhichareestablished the Bugbrooke Ironstone Works, situate near t-he Weedon Station, withl tramway and siding on the London ed orth Wester Railway. jESSM§. PLWS an WAL are directed by the ILLAssignees of M1r. W. ERisam to SELT, by AUCTION, at the Mart,, onFidy 1arch 14, at 12, the valuable FREEHOLD PRO. PERT Imojen an the Dirt House Estate, situaLte at Bugbrooke, corn. prising about 40 acres, with residence anel farm-buildings, yards forcoal, coke, andlime, and allthenumerous buildingsnecessaryfor carrying on air extensive trade, together with brickfleldsbavingan almostunlimited suipply of the beat briek earth, brick and tile kilus. sheds and other suitableerections. The contiguity of the property to the railway wathits iron tramway and siding, the high road to the north, and the GrandTJunction Canal give to the estate peculiar facilities for both land and wrater carria-ge, sandLits immediatevnicnity to theWeedonary clothng depot, now Mat'o to be very considerably enlarged, secures to thisp prpet almost unrivalled facilities for profitably develop inate mi rpertiesMayb vieesi ny dy prviou tothe sale, and particular-s, wit plen, ad nto etae; tce pinipaJins atNorthampton and Gloceater-square, Hyde-rark-garderts.-Elegant modern Furniturs, by Messrs Gillow. and smeall Cellar of choice Wines, about 30 dozens. llr.ARBER is instructed to SELL by AUCTION, ILoRThuxsday, M1arch13. and following day, at 1l.for lpreilsel thke truly eleganmt andmodem FUIJRITURE, principally by MesesGilow; com~.prising a handsome Spanish mahogany sute for dining room, consisting of sideboard, sarcophagus dining tables, two dinner waggo!ns~, 14 chairs in miorocco leather, lounging and easy do., curtains in crimson velvet, and chimey-glass; in the library, capital open bookcasesand libralry tables, clocks, andL pictures ; in thedrinrom,hds e velvet pie carpets, curtains for three 'window nrc rmo ai damask,alnut suite in couches, sofas,easy andlugn chairs covered en suite, loo and occasional tables, eleganit inlai eabntwhor menUlo MOUntingS, a valuable mantel clock,aEd ornamenta tm,ol chilmney and pie glasses, elegant. candelabras, polishefndrad fire-irons; the bdchambers comprise mahogany four-potadiha bedsteads, with chintz furnitures, superiarbeds and edn,aro chests of drawers, marble-top washaandsanfitgsdrsnggas, and the usual requialiea for the servate'aatet;hnsm al glass and China, and the Tarious effectsof h oetcofcs n about 50 dozens of wine, comprising Plort hry oanse-,o Claret. and Hermitage. May beviweprvtl,bcad,nTos day, March 11, and publicly one day aiodn otesl,we aa logcae may be obtained from tkeauU e,at S.ec,all flu 21, oa-lct3eklga~a i Grays,Esex-vaiuable Leasa f a BrickFieli, suitable toConpuis uander the 1mitedlia7ailitles Act, and others a desirable =pcuaton -" BERS ad RBYwill SELL by AUOTIONK, JLI atther oons, 4,Moorgate-street, on Tnesday March 12M 12. the lEASE, for atermof18 years unexpired, of *W0FIELD~ of capital BRICK ARtT.H. lately in full work., known as Old Field and~ Ten Acre Field, little Thurrock, Gra~ys, Essex, containing together ISn.&Ir.2p., convenieut for ralland water carrae, Held for a zerm of 21lyears,from Decemnber 25 1852 at arento~f £2 peracero, for AUlland4 used anda royalty ofls. 6d,'per tionsandon bricks made. Particulars may7be had attlbsKing's Arms Ion, Grays; at the Ship Inn, Little 'Thurrocic, Grams Easex ; and at the auctioneers offices. 24, Moorgatoa stet. and 9. Adam-street, Adelphi, Freehold and Co yhold Hop Lana. Faraham, Surrey. I)OBERTS and fOBY Will SELL byv AUCTION .11, at the Bushs Inn, Farhabam, Surrey on W~ednesday, M-ard 12. at 2, extremely Taluxable and prodluctive IREEOLD and COPYHOLD HOP LAND, containing 5a. 3r. 3b., being portion of a feld knOwn as Newnhams, divded into three Iot, rituate in the paris~h of Farnhbam, in the county Of Surrey, fronting the high road to Alton. Presenting a lint-rate investment. or from the great demand for houses in this town and the advantage of guperior briclk earth, an excellent. Oppotunty fr aremueraivebuilingopertio. 1articulars, width plas anexd,canbe adat he us an oterInns at Farnham and sh;of G H.Evas, Re-,solcito. Fru Sm, urey: of Mr. Pipr, sh-ree; o Hery arrs, eq. soicier,:la, M.oorgatestret, Lndon at he Mrt;mid t th aucioners'offices, 24, Moor. ROBERSan0OY ilSELL by AJCTOIq, J at the' Mart, on Thursday. March 20. at 12, ItWO genteel piwTate D`WELLlING-HOUSES, with fore-courts and iron railngs, situate Not 8 an 32 Souhamton-tree, Pntonill; let to3Messrs. Wrights andHaris,atlowrens, montig t £6Mpranunum ;held for a he hd a th Mar; ad a Mesrs.Robrtsand Roby's offices, 24 Leashol Inestnen-Reywel-lne,Shoedich,and Colemnesa. stret cty-B ode o te xeutrsof Mr.J.ainlsburn, do. IIOBERTS and ROBY -will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday. March 20, at 12, FOURt ca its HiOUSES and SHOPS, with noble pinte-glass fronts. situate N7og. 24, 25. 26. and 27, Holywell-lane, Shioreditch ; and a Dwelling-house and Premises. Nxo. 24. Colematn-street; let, and of the value of £2.10 canum; held by leases for terms of 21 years at moderate rents. aicanmay be had of Henry Harris, REsq, solicitor, 114 a, Moorg-ate-street, city ; at the Mart ; and at the auctioneeres offices,24, Moor. gate-street, and 9, Adam-street, Adelphi, Fashionable modemn Household Effects, Marqueterie Pier Cabinets. Bo,okcases and Tlables, two Or-moulu Gas Chandeliers, Mantel Clock$ and Ornamental Items. j1[ERSSIS. B3ULLOCK wil SELL, on Saturday net tU for 12 o'cloclk, at their great Roomus.2u1, High Hol. torn,capitl HOUEHOLDFURNIURE,carved waluut androsO, wooddraing oomchars, ofa, an tales nearly new Brussels.veivet, and apesry crpet, gasse, nole dnnertabes 17 feet by 5 feet 6, and; 10 ee 6by fct,peestlsdeoar, akanmahnanv chxirs.aarblas- toocsi,,,,io, i,,,,.a ~ .i.eiiun ann encl Iieosteaes and beding hadsoe ingd wrdrbe chvalglas,marble washstands, and he sua funishng equsits. My b viwedand cataloguct; Old and Modern Pictures, Historical Portrais aFoetnAlar.. p)iece, Antique Glass Chandelier for a bali room, anda,abeiti of the Infant Christ chilefly without reserve, to closeacons 1'/ESSRS. BUi:LOCK will SELL, at their great &C-; a grand Landscape, by Begyn ; cabinet pictures, and TariO1W, Ot'hers of considerable merit. To be viewed, and cataloguies had. Fashionable Jewellery, Srceof lae Pictures, and Effects, ~the pra*. perty of an officer joinn his regiment. j'ESSRS. BULLOCK wl SELL at their great. 3PRooms. 211. High Holborn, on Friday, 14t!i inst, a SERVICE of moGdem SILVE R PLATE, comprising spoons and forks, brealsfart; cquipage, cake basket. a chased rosewaterdisb, two brrUn~t and enamelj Iracelets.dfve brillinntrings.two gold wutches. an antique silverrepeateg (half quarter), a beautiful dleck by Leroy et Puis, a rifle (two grooved,, larae bore.) kc. To be viewed, nd catalogueshad prior. WIsbech.-Absolute Reversion to! a higl valu7able -and Imp-ovd Copyhold Property, in the bedt part of the trvn oog onad Seaport of Wrisbech St. Peter's. facing the river Nu aial o vessls of large burraen, close to thbe Rtaiway Stio,adwhthe frontages equallyimportant for commerilproe.B ess BULLOCK, at the Auction Mart. LondnonW neayth O. March, at .2 for 1, TilEHE Absolute Reversion in fee on the death of the IL occupier, a gentleman, aged 61, to a. brick-built Copyhold IResidence, with large granary of two floors, stabling, gardens, andl paddockattached, containing altogether 1a acre. situn-te on the. south brink oF the river, at the corner of the roTad to Ithe Eatstemn Coutnties Railwa_, Station. at Wisbech, of the present annnal value of £80 but offerinan excellent and most important site for the erectian of warehouses or- M ESgu RanedbSh eatolf. EVERSF teLD a rtcindpHI lEbg oan-ma behnsortly,that they prncpa inSEL yACIN at Lyn,Yamoth Wisbech, and orwch; f Mssr. Sctt,Tahord uesad taw. Marchincoln'8. landels, olcitrs;andofMesrs.Buloc, 211.e H righ e Ho ndorn Southsi.-Brcln ad Brplemakngs Platnt.at a LV nouce thatthey wil SELL y had on, ath Mr.earse'& oteefcSSR. MaPbRICEwd and CLAtaoge had ontELLreises Al fU.TIO. aei thiey r Rs oliiors, Q3. alingort Can-cerey-land, ofThe and ohers LinFen SS RC and WoleCLaeyHbrasryK willB SAIELL by AUTON,ahi Watrthoueir Room, Qodsty-ore t. Cheancerilae, To-mor 3moro,Mrh 7, at n 2 for 12 peiey asniSOC;fSI0 tOpsMP0RossSIlk drs bton,0 0 yadsozensloak fateers,e40doeres and armn~ sefl unanuactredstok, aylso v-iewedoc Of car, Msrchl'.atllforl2; 1 fo 2 a ma broadclots. ad oterwoilngood ;calOntahismallvstokofcal'ictigs,flanel. clics, gaze liing, gnghms, shirtings. derrys, viewd; nd ataogus hd o ery raiger dREsq., 27, Traflez. bury; or of Bailey and Son,StWood-street. city, Haro eoa,To desirabe:Ln esalashehods,hl tlwgon GR.TALNi E. nstrUTTLedWo SELb AUCTION iVLA-CTas N.atythe on Monday. Marcho1, Mat 72 fur I , ah mABQ yaTE rd,ER aNd garden; letate£2 per aennum,onslso NCLO. ThrWeo. ~uareat Gnawa's; nd o theauctanee,0 S ztanley- iaStc,Pa. N.an atne thoMr. Tomoro, MfT LCarche, atq1, dteease&. and--Qurterer ent Bank tu.edbyth Easctordis toe, M RSoninen be-UCTC-X Thirdoay£,000 3hreefoeroCent.dCon. s1 ors ad114 Lwtong Anutes;e th Shares (of th0eah in ~NThRe NrfoErstnfuary opasy and o00tharbedste(of and beahding taheoPate-GlasUni. veoom Iunsturane omprises Particulars mlaye bimeyobtained of-h ehrir dlicyo and Bridgets, 19winged Anus-yaird, Coleman-tret coftg B.Bunefot4, ine- 10.gan Faen,hurc-lroadinos atd thenarc andL ofher. cabne arShttcles- No. 76 Hamltfond-steraee, Rst.ll-suare.swo Ex eholdt Furnitu- F.R . DEBELNGisi strce by t oe SELeutr to SELPbAUCTION, ntereie,a bv, on Thursday, Marc.adfllowin day, atl12for],2withutaesrv,onconothwhoe of teroflots,thBe xcom-t pRNIsin for-ost riandgte bedsteds ndbe d qimnr nding,mhgn sardriobw3es,darbletoprwashradro,eg-Aandothrfbedrpoomfuritue:,nd-r roomeds haurustnr cGomle matbrilliantapintal chimney-glass 12-lighticha. doieterwfor waxd lights, winedt chfforawers, hocavedottae 4?aiang oori stein maogayse,oD by Brodoo and cisons dand other, cabinet, earilsy a st o teescpe inig tble, sdebox esrindr boocase,.- tabl octae cbine pinofote,in rsowod cse,by urkedoo, Bruinal, gatT, andk0tczeno uirtenslsgarde eniner al andrlerm asoaflsevc f tstock15'of less arde aveind case tgetde paith ofmsie-hgtb Trade, ku..,a bsortreena aboueahdath 2doentr SOfK wineTtD (vrousWar and abut40 vI, ofinubooks Mabeuviewed onThe daye previous tof Sandemoring' osalepll,, an0dcalogues maybio te badt ofJintgs D. Thomson, I- soiio.d Oi- Lincsoln's- innrsof Mr.tes eeling, aithi ofcs, 25,e unCtyofnaurst-tercle, No.ur 74, Gulidwine-street Ru`selle-qlarseinExegleutstet Houshol Fua nture. Pianofortesyrawo, andGera Effects. JJESRS JOESBandB1 BO Nstrcte toil SELL byr A'UCTION, on thei Piremie,as above, o nd Thrsa, Maostrsrch 16, aTHI VforG2 pun tuall, onxccouent HOfhUmbErOL oFURloTs,Rt E exieT. rirFinEdTS an Thuwdrbe, Arabian, four-post. French tn, andoio bdtherbedtas air and wool mattresse s, cpita feather beds and bedding,chsso toilets glasIseals and tals.cestsin ofdawers, handsoemboe carawin oon sute,e e-rinoewodi covee tain Sritson damask, sofas, couhes,aa easyp chairs pandfores chairpestac, ilsre, curard,sof, ahffndes toasiona wtals behd stameel fenderstchdnire-uirons inearly adnewTre. Brusonels, atE lether,am halountu r Cle,tairn carpt,chiena,gas ice and culin oitit arve morning ief sal. C h hliol iw n atalogues to behdh tepeiss ln atIr in Trade, ,tcr.sin-rad-LaF o AUCION a th Celas, 7, egnt-tret.THI DA, arch.li 6, ndon husda flloin, a te Cllrs.18 Due-tret.Oxfrd 1WSSRS. JONES and BONHAM hiave receivc(I 43J nstractions toSELLby AUCTION. OnthePremisesasa6borc,. on Wedesaday. March212, at12, the LEASE ofthelPREMSES, togs'thor with the whole of the superior modernHousehold Furniture, con.- priin ahog yrblan, four-port. and other bedstcads andl bedding',. wingd an oter wrdroes,marble-top wahshtands and drerain;r tabes,chvalan oter lases ad the whole of the bed room requt- rlitues;i the dapraweing roms anrcn hadome rsaew aaoodet draen rhan suithe of curtains.couc es andcar,load, 3nand othe tabes, ofchen,. tapstyaresterstadrugs, fendrer-sqandlre-ios n h il No.chandt eaulsy chair.bookcase, are-rooirnafe, lineaproof ancientant, mltdarie,aendh whlues of the effects ofhe lserat'ofcs e viewedrby crds nyim bef oretesle,and tefr niture he day prcdn n orninge o sale Catlouzes ob. On the premises; andsofDMesr. J..lonesyn Bhad,vatoe thei furitues lande1, ictuest ierstreet. foriicetersqareimdat.ae Bln( Pai.0da Sfte. Pu' chut-rchsald,- asembag fcaptlnncet.n moIltreC codeman Pitueres.-of the S-Lariof schooats. ur.~ G' ARCIS will SELL by AUCTION, ns above, after~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~~~a Mouchuron Morales Earl Greuzo. Baaso derreato Corp Peiry nce, On view ti a Ea. Cataloguesasboe B.onyadvanosd onfunilture 71. Reent-M RegetGlet 1 een.iet
